DEATHS. On the 2Sth of April. at St. Helena, where he vas obliged to be left on his homeward voyage from India, George R. DongLas. Captain Bombay Artillery. second Eon of the late Lieut.-General Sir Niel Douiglas, K.C.B. and EC.H. On the 17th ult., at Woodstock. in Canada West. Colonel Alexander IVhacley LIght, late of ELSL's 25th Regiment, aged 78. On the 1l9h inst.. at Stamford-hili. suddenly, AnnabelLa Col'madaughter of John sMcNeill, Esq., of Arldacros,% Argyleshire. On the 19th inst., at Xeuilly. near Paris, of a pleurisy, Graham Willmore, Esq., Q.C, Judge of the County Court of Somersetshire, and Pecorderof llYLs. On the 21st inst., at Broughty Ferry, near Dundee, tladame do Montrai'lant, of Montpellier, in Flrance, n ie Selby. On the 21st inst., at Boulegue-5ssr-Mer, a teran illness of nine months. borne sqith piety and resignation, in caLm suhnmissionto the Divine wills and in the tirmn aud steady hotle of eternal life through he.- Sa~sour, Lady Carmichael A\nstrultner vvife of, Sir Wmudham Car. rnichscl Anstruther, Hart., in her 4lth year, deeply and deservedly regretted. On Tuiesday. the 24th inst.. at 26 Regent-terrace. Edinburgh. ieutenant-Colonel Edwaard MIadden, of the ILEFLC. Service. On the 21th inst., at lIaffield. near Ledbu-y, Harriet, daughter of Dr. Henry. aged 17. On the 24th inst.. at Hawley, Iantu. the Rev. John H-andell, for 12 years incumbent of Trinity Church. Hawley, aged GO. On the 24th inst.. at Penton-street. Pentonville, IMr. George Gosling, late of the Bank of England. in the 65th Near of his age. On the 24th inst., in the 76th year of his age, much regretted and esteemed by aU who knew him. aaid deeply lamenited byliis discoisolate and hereaved widow. George Gordon Falconer. Esq.. late of the Exarminers-oflace, East India House. eon of the Ho.. George Falconer R.N., and grndson of the Right Hon. Lord David HaRierton, ald of the Lady Catherine sieith, Countess of Kintore. On the 25th inst.. at 9, Glocestersquare, Mary, the beloved vife of E G. Fraughiadi, Esq. On the 25th inst., at his residence. Xo. 1, Winterlow-place, Vassall road, NorthBrixton, John Williasuson, Esq.. in the 73d year of his age. On the 25th inst.. at Guildford, Thomas Rusbridger, Esq., late of Blognor, Sussex, aged 60. On the 2jth inst., Robert 5evwbery, Esq., Stamford BrookVIlla. Ha-ersnith, in the 77th year of hisage. On Thursday. the 2Nth inst., at Oakland lodge, Streatham-hill, John Brown, Esq., in the 65th year of his age.
MfONYY-MABKETand CITYIYTELLIGBETCE. Thursday Evening. The Bank of England to-day have reduced their rate of discount from 5 per cent., at which it has stood since the 29th of May, to 44 per cent. The measure has produced no effect, the only point previonsly in doubt being whether a short relu wIonl miot take place, in order that a greater reduction might be adopted. It was certain that with the prospect of a slight temporary increase in the demand for money, consequent upon the loan instalment of 1,000,0001., which falls due oii Satur- day, a reduction to 4 per cent. would not iminedi- ately be resolved upon, and, as it nevertheless seemed inevitable that that rate must soon become general, many persons were disposed to believe that no immediate action wouild take place. The course of the Directors, however, appears to have been the best that could have been pursued both for the Bank and the public. The Bank wil now probably benefit from the extra demand for accommodation 'which will arrise on Saturday, and the public will have the advantage of escaping that speculative stimulus which a sudden change to the extent of - one per cent. always involves. The f unds opened this morning at a decline of an eighth, and, although a recovery soon took place, it was followred by another period of heaviness. zUltimatel'y the market resumed its tendency to buoyancy, and prices at the close showed an improvement. Consols, which left off yesterday at 944- to J ex. dividend, were first quoted 94- to . Theyalmost inunediately returned to 944 toe, and some sales then took place, which caused a all to 94a. The last official transactions were at 94s to 95, but after regular hours there were selers at 944. The announcement from the Bank regarding the rate of discount exercised no influence. The disagreeable incident yesterday at the Queen's Levee produced an unfavourable effect by reviving the distrust as to the disposition of the people of the United States, but it was subsequently understood that assurances will be offered to explain that no deliberate rudeness was intended. Consol Scrip left off at 34- to ' premilum; Ban7k Stock, 217 to 218; Reduced, 944 to 95 ; New Three per Cents., 95 to India Stock, 233 ex. div.; India-bonds, Es. to 14s. premium; Excheqier-bonds, 99i to j; and Exchequer-bills, 10s. to 13s. premium. The London Joint-Stock Banks to-day reduced their rate of allowance for deposits to 3a per cent. The discount houses did not issue any notice on the subject. It is possible they may defer until the end of the quarter such alteration as may be intended. There was less activity in foreign securities, and the highest prices were not maintained to the close. Turkish Six per Cents. for the account were negotiated at 1044-, 105X, 105, and 1041 and the Four per Cents. for the account at l05i, , and 106. The general operations comprised-Brazlian Four-anda.-Half per Cents., 97; Buenos Ayres, 82 and 81; DanishFive per Cents., 102k and 103; Mlexican Three per Cents., 23 and 23k; Russian Five per Cents., 109g and 109; the Four and-a-Half per Cents., 9S; * Sardinian Five per Cents., 92 and 92-&; Spamsh Three per Cents., 47!, i, and a. the New Deferred, for account, 251; Passive, 6; Spanish Certificates, 71 and 7; Dutch Two-and-aflalf per Cents., C6 ; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 96 and 96g. The quotations from the Paris Bourse to-day again failed to arrive. The accounts of another Iarge speculator were compulsorily closed yesterday, and -much uneasiness is still prevalent. At Amsterdam and Vieiia the markets remain inactive. The Board of Trade returns for the month of .May were issued this morning, and again present favourable results. Compared with the corresponding month of 1855 the declared value of our exports shows an increase of 084,0541. The movement, however, has not been diffused thnough aL branches of business, the shipments of 31anchester aoods exhibitin" a considerable falling off, while in some articles the augmentation has beeI unusually large. Mletals, again, constitute the chief item of increase, and haberdashery, hardware, saddlery, and the general manufactures which are influenced by every revival of the colonial trade are likewise on the satisfactory side. The subjoined table shows the exact increase or decrease under each head:- Vith regard to imported commodities there has been a considerable increase in the arrivals of many of the principal articles of food orluxury, especially of coffee, sugar, tea, rice, and spirits. In the consumption of coffee and tea there has, howvever, been a diminution. Cocoa presents a falling off both in receipts and consumption. Breadstuffs shlow no material variation. The consumption of wvine, tobacco, spirits, and spices has been steady. Subjoined are the quantities of provisions, &c., 5mported and taken for home consumption:- The following are the comparative imports and exports of raw material, showing a large augmentation in silk-, cotton, and wool - The importations of other commodities have in a majority of instances also been on a scale to make up for the reduced quantities received last month. Mletals and timber especially show a large increase. The annual meeting of the Genetal Mining Association was held to-day, when a dividend was declared for the half-year of lOs. per share, free from income-tax, making 20s. per share for the whole year. The prospects of the association were reported to be in a satisfactory condition, and a belief *I am, Sir, your most obedient-servant, "J. V. BYRiSE, Secretary." It has been announced to-day in the House of Commons that the new Australian mail contact has been granted to a body, to be called the Eturopean and Australian Steam Company, for five years, with a subsidy of 185,0001. per annum. The service is to be an independent one from Liverpool or Southampton to Alexandria (calling at MaElta), and Suez to Point de Gale and Melbourne, terminating at Sydney. The -nwiximumn time allowed will be 39 days outwards from Siiez, and 35 days homeward from MIelbourne, 14 days additional being allowed to and from Suez to this country. The line will be partially opened in October, and will be thoroughly established from the 1st of January next. Screw steamers are to be employedbetween Suez and Australia, of 2,200 to 2,500 tons, with 500 to 530 horse power. BetweenAlexandria and this country theyare to be of not less than 1,600 tons. Four tenders were delivered, but only two of them were for the service ridf Ceylon. The subsidy given to the European and Australian Company much exceeds that required by the other company; but the advantages of an independent line of the effective character thus proposed were considered by the Government to warrant the extended outlay. Anlexed is a complaint concerning some proceedtigs of the Customs wvith respect to the sugar daties * "Sir,-There appears to be some jobbery going on in our Custocs' departmnent'in respect to sugars, which requires elucidation. Towards the end of last week that department unexpectedly issued what they cal new standard samples of sugar, by which the duty on low sugars is virtually raised ls. Sd per cwt. On looking into the PudUic Ledyer and Ti5dc List, the usual authorities in such matters, I find that in the last three weeks preceding this unexpected and arbitrary enhancement of the sugar duties the unusual amount of 40,029 tons has been taken out of bond-double what might reasonably he expected, and plainly showing that favoured parties have been able to anticipate the alteration, secnring themselves a good profit from sources anything but legitimate. "The figures and the facts are accessible to any one who chooses to look for them the cause is some hat less accessible, huts little pub]ic discuion would, no doubt, bring it I am, Sir, yours, &c.. M2HERCAsTOR." The foiudation stone of the London Dock Company's new works at Shadwell was laid to-day. The works consist of a large basin or dock with an entrance to the river and a communication lock from the new basin to the eastern dock; the entrance lock to be 350 feet long, 60 feet broad, and 28 feet of water on the sill of gates, capable of af fording accommodation to the larger class of shipping. The cost of the Lmdertakina is estimated at 700,0001. esiatda was expressed that the operations of the current year will show a very favourable result. At a meeting of the Canada Company,held to-day Mr. a. Fraks presiding, the dividend declared was 31. per share, free of income-tax, payable on the I 10th of July next. It was stated that the sales of land are makdng satisfactory progress, and that the average advance in its value iswell maintained. The financial statement show7s a balance of 33,4841., and. after the payment of the dividend there will remain 6,5401. At the close of the proceedings it was unanimously resolvedto present to Mr. J. Perry, the retiring secretary, in addition to his full salary, plate to the value of 1501., as a testimonial for services during a period of 28 years. "' The following is a comparative Statement of Lands dis- posed of and Moneys received in Canada from January lIto 3Iay 30:;- T,nd SoLd. 1sS6. 185. Decrease Acres. Avg. crown Reerves.. 973 at 27s, lCd. Huron Tract .. 202 at 24s. 10d. Acres Avg. Acres. Avg. Acres 1,175 at 27s. 4d 1,934 at 26s. 3d s03 Iand Leased. Crown Reseres.. 4,135 at 43s. 2d. Heron Tract .. 432 atllls. 7d. 4,567at49sSdI2,265at36s3d 7,693 5,742 14,249 8,507 Land Leased Converted lo Freeholds Acres. Avg. Acres. Avg. Dec. Crown Reserves. . 6,S16 at 17,. 2d. Huron Tract I .. 2s43. at 15s. sd 631,57 at 18s. 46,223 at 15s. Id 14,566 RECErPTS The following note from good authority refers to some attempts to spread false reports concerning the certificates of the Spanish confiscated debt - "Sir,-A mischievous statement has been made to-day of the Government of Spain having recognized certain certificates hitherte ignored, and concluded arrangements with parties in this country 'for putting the monetary affairs of Spain in a satisfactory state.' "A word of salutary warninc from you, Sir, may prevent the unwavry from being rnisled by this unfounded statement. "I am, Sir, yours truly, "June 26." "C. B. The annexed letter relates to the progress of the railway sVstem in British North America - "St. Andrew's and Quebec Railroad Company 10, Parliament-street, Westminster, Jne 24. "Sir,-My attention has only just been drawn to a paragraph in your city article of Saturday, and again repeated in Thc Times of yesterday, in reference to the Liverpool, N7ewfoundland and Halifax Steam Company, which perhaps was not fully understood by yoiur numerous readers in all its important aspects. You state that when the Halifax and Windsor Ine in JNo0va Scotia shall have been completed passengers and freight may be conveyed in a few hours from Halifax to St. John, New Brunswick. You appear to be exceedingly well informed on the importance of the railway in Nova Scotia which will connect it -with New Brnswick, hut not to be aware of the existence of the grand truinkline through NewBrunswvick, called ' the St. Andrew's and Quebec Railroad,' which, with its branches to St. John and Eredericton, and in connexion with the Halifax; and windsor, will bring that important province, Nova Scotia, in immediate connexion with the Canadas. Bymeans of the St. Andrew's and Quebec Railroad the Atlantic will be at once connected by the shortest possible route -with the Canadas, through British territory; and this is no small feature in the enterprise in thsse warlike times. 26 miles of this railway have been already laid down in a permanent way, and 14 mniles further in aforward state to completion; and the whole line has been surveyed, intersecting a belt of country capable of the highest cultivation, thus affording the most hopeful prospect of an extensive colonial immigration. It will comprehend the extreme breadth of the Canadas, be within eight days' sail from England, and open up a continent which is at present scarcely known to us in all its extent and territorial magnitude. A s a considerable sum has already been expended on this undertaking by English capitalists, it cannot afford to be ignored by so powerful an organ as Ti7c Times, and more especially when, both in point of magnitude and advantage to this country, the St. Andrew's and Quebec Railroad claims a pro-eminent place. " In conclusion, I may say that the great importance of this undertaking and its speedy completion have lately drawn the attention of some most influential parties, who have formed themselves into a company to carry out the undertaking in all its integrity, under the name of the New Brunswick and Canada Railway and Land Companv.
THE COBN TPADE. 2NAX1C13TE -Th - IA rXae weatuer since our last report has been for the most part of an unsettled character. The trade during the saume peaiod has maintained a buoyant tone, almost all artices having again further advanced in value. At iverpool the arrivals from abroad are fair of wheat and Indian corn, and of flour larger than in any preceding week of the present season, amounting to over 65,000 barrels and 8,000 sacks. From Ireland the supples are very smalL There was a fair attendance at our market this moming. Holders of English heat demanded considerably higher prices, winch checked sales, and the business done was at about 3s. per quarter over the rates current onthis day se'nnight; foreign at the time being 2d. to 3d. per 701b. dearer. Flour wsu in moderate request at an advance of 2s. per sack, and Is. to Is. 6d. per barrel. There was a good inquiry for oats, and they must be quoted d. per 451b. higher. Oatmeal commanaded 6d. per load more. In English beans there was no change, while Egyptian and Indian com were each rather lower. GLASGOWM, JuE 25. We have still very rainy and unseasonable weather. Coastwise and from Ireland tho supplies continue unimportant: from abroad, by the Clyde, they conisted of 2,333 quarters ofwheat, of whichl,313 quarters from Alexandria, the remainder, along with 11,796 barrels of flour 25 quarters of peas, and 1,535 quarters of Indian corn, from New vork and i\lontreal: via Grangemouth, of 485 quarters of wheat from Stralsund, and 1,306 iuarters of beans, chiefly from Hanover. A fair consumptive demand continued during the week, at improving Thisday'smarket was moderately wvel attended.. Wheat (nati and foreizn) of fine qluality wvas held ls. to le. 6d. Per boll beyosud last WYedaesday'srates6which ebeckedenles. Flour was readily disposed of at an advance of 6d. tole~. perb hrrel and sack. Barley scac n the turn dearer. O.ats have to be wFritten 6da per 2641b,, oatmueal,is. to 2s per 2SOlb., and beans, 6d. per bellhieher. s
RILWAY AND MINING SHABES. I _ Thursday Evening. The railway:market was steady, the transactions havng been comparatively limited. Great Western shares recovered in a slight degreefrom their previous heaviness. Indian and other descriptions exhibited no great alteration. Australian land and baning shares were firnm, with a tendency in some cases to improvement. Miescellaneous securities were generally supported. Ottoman Bank closed 2i to i pm.; Bank of Egypt, j to 1'. pm.; National Discount Company, i tog pm.; kiga Railwa;, 3 to i pm.; Pernanbuco, 1I to pm.; Lombardo-Venetian, 6 to } pm.; Bank of Switzerland, par to I pm.; Ceylon Railway, 1i to @ pm.; Euphrates 'RVafley, i to A- pm.; Western Railway of Austria, 1 to 2} pm.; London and Paris B3ank, 4 to 2 dis.; and Western Bank of lLondon, ~- dis. to A~ pm.
TRADE REPORT. Thursday Eveninig. SUG:r.-The mailket is flat, and cheaper to-day. 'lihc public sales comprised 839 hhds, 40 tierces, 181 barrels, 356 boxes, and 117 bags Cuba, of which more than half were awithdrawn. The prices -were-for brown, 403. to 41s. lcwv to good yellowv, 42s. to 4Gs.; gray, 43s. to 44s. Gd. 313 hhds. West India have been disposed of. Eloating cargoes of Havannah are in request, and twvo are reported sold, at rather stiffer rates, comprising together3,950 boxes, the one at 31s. for the united kingdon, and the other at 31s. 3d. for a near port. Co}rsFEE.-The sales consisted of only a few cask-s plantation Ceylon, wvhicli brought full rates, and 95G bags washed Rio, at 53s. to 57s. Gd. per cwt. for fine ordinary to fine fine ordinary pale. There is miore inquiry for native Ceylon,and good ordinary is reported sold at 5ls. per cwt. EMc.-The mnarket is 6d. per cwvt. cheapor, 1,384 bags Bengal, fair pearly wvhite smiall .rain, se at lls. to &is 6d. per out. SALTI-LTIRE.--Of 1,176 bags Bengal offered, twvo-thirds sold at 30S. to 30s. Gd. for 7 to 6 per cent. refraction, ancd 32s. to S2;, Gd. for 4-I, to 2A per cent. The quahitywas good, especially of the 2?, per -cenit., but the prices showv ani advance of nearily Gl. per cwt. Privately 5o per cent. has been disposed of at 31s., and 9. at 29s. per cvt. C'OCILNEAL-269 bags in auction to-day wvere chiefly bought in as followvs:-193 bags Honduras sQver, small to good, 3s. Sd. to 3s. 9d. per lb., the poltion sold being a shade dearer; 28 bags Honduras black, small to good, Si. lOd. to 's. 4d.; and 20 bags Mexican silver, 3s. 8d. to S3. 9d. ; 28 bags black, 4s. id, to 4s. 5d. per lb. COCOANU.T OIL.-176 casks Ceylon, and 48 casks Sydney were offered in auction to-day, and all withdrawn, the former at 371. to 401. for low and fine, with prompt. The business privately is very lhiited, but importers continue TEA.-Rather more disposition was shonvn to purchase today, and of 12,537 packages passed nearly 3,000 packages found buyers. Green teas produced the most competition, amid in some instances e-xtreme rates were obtained. The sales will be concluded to-morrow. TAsLLOw.-rhe market is steady at 47s. on the spot, and 4Ss. (rather sellers), for the last three months.
HBBR MAJESTS VISIT TO GBOSVEVOR- HOUSE. The Queen honoured the Marquis and Marchioness o° Westminster with her presence last evening at Grosvenorhouse. Her Majesty caame, accompanied by the PrLnce Consort and Prince Frederick William of Prussia, and attended by a numerous suite, in seven of ihe Royal carriages, shortly after 10 o'clock. The Royal party entered by the gardea from Park-lane, and were received at a temporary entrance prepared for the occasion by the Marquis and Marchioness of Westminster. Her Majesty was at once conducted by the Marauis of Westminster to the ballroom; the general company, who had previously assembled in the drawing rooms, following tho Royal party. The Queen having taken her seat upon the dais, where she was surrounded by the Duchess of Cambridge and the Princess Mary, Prince Oscar of Sweden, and the Princeand PrincessEdward of Saxe Weimar, thememnbersof theDiplo. matique Corps and the general company passed before Her Majesty and made their obeisance. This ceremony concluded, Her Majesty opened the ball in a quadrille with the Earl Grosvenor, Prince Albert daacing -with one of the Marquis of Westminster's daughters. The ball was kept up with much animation-Her Majesty frequently joining in the dance-until half-past 12 o'clock, when the Qaeen and the Royal party were conducted to the gallery in which a regal entertainment was served to the ilustrious circle. The Queen took leave of the Marquis and Marchioness shortly after 1 o'clook, retiring by the Grosvenor-street entrance. The following members of the Corps Diplomatique were invited to meet Her M1ajesty:- Austria.-His Excellency the Couut d'Appony and the Countess d'Appony, Count Karolyi, Count Chotek, and Count Batthyany. Bavaria.-His Excellency the Baron de Cetto and the Baroness de Cetto. Belgium.-His Excellency IL Van de Weyer and Maadame Van de Weyer. Brazil.-His Excellency M. Carvalho Moreira and Madame Moreira. Demnark.-His Excellency General d'Oxholm and Maadame d'Oxholm, rand Count and Countess Reventlow-CrimiiniL France.--His Excellency Count de Persigny and the Countess de Persigny, Count Jaucourt, Count (liandordy, Duo Caderousse-Grammont, hL Monicault, and hI. Iloux. Greece.-His Excellency ML Trieoupi and Madame Tricoupi and M. Charilaus TricoupL Hanover.-His Excellency Count Kielsnansege and the Countess Helkne Mielmansegge. Hlanse Towns.-His Excellency the Minister for the Harse Towms. betherlands.-HMs Excellency Baron Bentinck. Portugal.-His Exce'lency Count Lavradio and the Countess Lavradio, and M. and Madame Pinto de Soveral and Mademoiselle Pinto de Soveral. prussia.-His Excellency the Count Bcrnstorff and the Countess Lernstorff, Baron Langen, Baron Konneritz, and l!. de KattL Sardinia.-His Excellency the Marquis d'Azeglio and Count Louis Corti. Saxony.-His Excellency Count Vitzthmniii. Sweden.-His Excellency Baron Hochschild and the Baroness Hochascild, Baron Charles Roohschild, and Baron de Rudbeck. United Stntes.-His Excellency Mr. Dallas and Mrs. Dallas and Mr. P. DaUas. Turkey.-His Excellency hi. M1usurus and Madams Musurus and Prince Vogorides. The following had the honour of receiving invitations in the general circle:- Prince and Princess Edward of Saxe-Weimar, Duke and Duchess of Atholl, Duke and Duchess of Argyll, Marquis and Marchioness of Abercora and Lady Louisa Hamilton, i Earl of Annesley, Lord and LadyAshburton, Lord andLad1 Aveland and the Hon. Miss Heatheote and the Hon. G. Heathcote, Lord Althorp, Baron I-on Alten, Captain thE Hon. Hugh Anuesley, MIr. Pakenham Alderson, Mr. Charle5 Alderson, Duke and Duchess of Buccleuch, Duke and Duchess of Bedford, Duke and Duchess of Beaufort. Emily, Duchess of Beaufort, andthe Ladies Somuerset; Earl and Countess Bradford and the Ladies Bridgan and Miss Maoncrieffe, Viscount and Viscountess Barrington and the Hon. Misses Barrington, Earl and Countess of Bessborough, Marquis and Marchioness of Breadalbane, Viscount and Viscountess Bracley, Lord and Lady Blantyre, Earl of Burllngton and Lady Louisa Cavendish, Marquis of Bath and Lord Henry Thynne, Sir Henry and Lady Bulwer, Hon. George Bynsf, 3. P.. and Lady Alice Byng, Earl and Countess of Belmore, Lord Barghersh, the Earl Beauchamp and Lady Georgiana Lygon and Hon. F. Lygon, Hon. II. Bourle, Hon. C. Bourke, Mlr. Allen Bathurst, Mr. Swinburne Berkeley, Mr. E. Berkeley, General Beatson, Captaiin Bateson, Colonel Baring, Visco7unt Bangor, MIr. Buckley. Lord Charles Bruce, Hon. E. Blgh and the Hon. Miss Bligh. Lord and Lady Ernest Brace, CaptainCharlean roamley, SirColinCampnel, Marquis and Maaqaoise do Calabrini, ViscountandVisco untess Combern rmere, Earl and Countess Cawdor, Lord and Lady Canoys and the Hon. Misses Stoner and Hon. Thomas Stoner, MIarquis and Mbarchiness of CeLnricardc and Lady Harriet do Burth, Earl and Countess Craven and Lady Elizabeth Craven, Lord and Lady Stratheden and Campbell and the Hen. MIisses Campbell, Mlr. .and Lady.Louisa Cavendish and MWiss Caven. dish, the Earl and Countess of Chesterfield and Lady Evelyn Stanhope, the Lord Chancellor and Lady Crantwoeth, Earl and Countes:s of CLarendon, Earl of Carularven, Viscount Castlerosse, Sir Edward and Lady Cust, and Miss Cast and Mr. Cust, Lord and Lady Carrington, Sir Archibald Campbell, Marquis Conyngham and Lady Cecilia Conynghani, Hon. Randolph Capel. Hon. Resinald Capel. Lord Cavendish, Mr. Cavendish, Mr. F. Cavenidish, Mr. Calcraft, Viscount Chelsea, Viscount Clifden, Hoel. LeopoldEllis, Mr. Crofton, Lord Robert Cecil, Earl of Covenltry, Captain Francis Cunt, Mr. G. L. Conygham, LieutenantColonel Cunninghame and Mfrs. Cunniniglauie, Sir Hnmry Cotterell, Earl and Countess of Dartmoutli and the Ladies Legge, Lord and Lady Delamere and the Hon. Miss Cholmondeley, Earl and Countess Dessrt, Earl and Countess ol Derby and the Lady Emma Stanley and Lord Stanley, Lord and Ladv do Eos and the Hon. Miss De Ros, Ear] and Countess Delawarr and Lady Arabella Sackville West, Lord and Lady De Tabley and the Hon. Miss 'WVarren Earl of Dalkeith, Lord DnikeDllin, Lord Hubert de l:areh, Hon. Cecil Dauncombe, LordDunglas, Mr. Percy Dyjlo, Mr. Des V'ceux, Captain the Hon. Dudley de ltos and the Lady Elizabeth de Pos, Mr. Edgar Drummond, Couint d'Aglie, Mar q'sandmlarchioneas of Ely, Marchioness Dova-er of Ely andthe LadiesLoftus, Marquis andM archiinesseof Elxeter asl Lady Mary Cecil, Earl of Eglintoun and Miss Cockerell, Earl and Countess of EUlesmere and the Lady Blanche Egerton, Captain the Hon. P. Everton, Hoss. Algerison Egertoni, Hon. Arthur Egerton, Earl of Eustoin, Viscount and Viscoint,ess Enfileld and the Hon. liss Byng and the Hon. Mr. Byng, Viscount and liscountess Euslyn, Mlr. H. ErAkisae. Lard Earisfort, 3Mr. Wilbralham Egertons, Lord and Lady Fever. sham and the Ladies Scott, Lord and Lady Foley and the Hon. Adelaide Folev, Earl and Countess Fortessne, Count and Countess de! Flahault and the Hon-. Mfis, Elplhinstone de Flahault, Lord and Ladly Charles Lennos Fitzroy, Mr. Chichester Fortescue, Hon. MIr. and Mrs. H. Fitzroy, Sir William Fraser, MIr. Keith Fraser, Hon. Julian Fane, Sir James Fergus.on, Mr. Farqnharson, Colonel the Hon. Cccil Forester Captain Cavendishi Fitzroy, Earland Lady Constance Grosvenor, Hon. Frederick Loveson Cowver and Lady uMargaret Leveson Gower, Lord and Lady Robert Grosvenor, Miss Glrosvenor, and IMr. Grosvenor, General the Hfon. Chlarles Grey and Mirs. Grey. Sir George and Lady Grey, Sir James anld L^dy Gr..hams and the Mlisses Grabarn and MIr. IL Grahamn, Mr. Gr-aham and Lady Heruione Graham, l r. Eenry Grenfell, Sir Robert and Lady Gardiner and Miss Gardiner, Earl of Gifford, Lord Garlies, Mrs. Grosvenor, Mr. and Mrs. Gouild and Ur. Gould, jan., the Earl and Countess of Harrowby, Viscount Sandon, and the Hon. Mr. Ryder ; Viscount and Viscountess Hardinge, the Hon. Miss Hardinge, and the Hon. A. Hardinge; Lard and Lady Marcius Hill anid Miss Hill, the Earl and Coautews of Harewood and the Ladies Lasceiles and the Hon. E. Lasceiles, Mr. Harcourt and Frances Countess of Waldo-grave, Lord and Lady Claud Hamiit.,n and the Ladies Proby, the Earl and Countess Howe and Lady Adelaide Cnrzon aa d the Hom Mr. Curzon. Lord and Lady Edward Fitzalan Howard, Sir Benjamin and Lady HXail, Viscount and Viscountess Holnasdale, and the Hon. Miss Auherst, and the Hon. Mr. Amherst -Lady Howard do Walden and the Hon. Misses Ellis; Lord John Hay, Lord Arthur Hay, Earl and Cuntess of Hardwickc, and the Ladies Yorke Colonel Hogg, Ron. Walter Harbord, Mr. Russell Hamiilton, the Duchess of Inverness, the Earl and Countess of Jersey and the Lady Clemnentina Villiers, theo Marquis and MIarchioness of Kildare, Mr. Knliightley. Lord and Lady Loiidesborough and the Hon. Miss Denison, the Earl of Listowvel, Lord and Lady Lyndhurst and the Hon. Miss Copley, Mr. Augustus Lamley and Miss L-umley, the Right Hoes. H. Labouchere and Lady Mary Labouchere, the Marquis of Lansdownie, Lord and Lady Loigh, Lord Lyons, Dowager Lady Leigh and the Hon. Mlisses Leigh and the Ion. E. Leigh, Mr. Leslie, Captain H. Loch, Earl and Countess of M acclesfidld and Lady Helen MI'Donnel, D Ake and Duchess of Manchester, Dake aud Duchess of Montrose, Earl of Mansfield, Lord Stornont, Earland Countess of Malmesbury, EarlandCountessof MortonandtbeLadiesDouglas, Mr. Nlorman Macdonald, Lieutenant-Colonel the Hon. J. Madonl,LrladLd -Munaste ad the Ilou. Misses Pennington and Mr. Alexanider Pennington, the Lordl Mayr and lady Ma oress, Lord an d Lady Mac- castleandLady Sunsan Peibsn Clinton., Colonel 2orthand The Baroness orthan MissSusanDoyle and Mr. Norh Vicutand Viscountess NRewport, Mr. Stewart Nicoson, Captain Nogler, the Due d'Osuna, Lord and Lady Overstone and the Hen. Miss Jones Loyd, Lord -and Lady Olivia Ossadston, Lord Panmure, Couiitess of Powis, and the Ladies Hlerbert and the Hon. W. Herbert; Earl of Powis, Visount Palinerston, Lord and Lady Plortanini, and the Ron. Misses l'ortinan , and the Hon. Mr. Fertmnan; Hon. Mr. and Mrs. Iortmats, Colonel Douglas Pennant and the Lady Louisa Douglas Pennant, and the Misses Pennant, and Mr. Pennant; Mr. Frederick Peel, Lady Peel, Sir Rtobert and Lady Emuily Peel, Roa. Ashley l'onsonby, Hon. Gerald Ponsonby, Colonel the Hon. 0. B. Phipps and Mrs. P'hipps and the Misses Phaipps; Lord and Lady Alfred Paget; Lord Froby, Count de Pourtalis, Duke and Duochess of Richmondl and Lady Cecilia. Gordon Iennox; Lord George Gordon Loennox, Lordl Alexastder Gordlon - Lennox, Lord Henry Cordon Lennox, Lord and Lay John Russell and Miss Russell and Miss Lister, falke and Daches e1l Roxburghe and Lady Susan Innes Ker, Lady Rolle and thi Hon Miss Trefusis and Mr. Rolle, Sir Anthony and lady de Rothschild, Baron and Baroness Lionel de Rothschild and Miss de Rothschild, Lord and! Lady Rivers and the Hon. Misses Pitt, Lord-an'd ildj Rokeby and the Hon. Iiss 3Montagu, Lord Rtaglan, Lord Royston, Mrr. George Russell, Sir John Eamsden, Mr Arthur Russell, Madame de rEstang Rabois, Duke and Duchess of Sutherland, Dake and Duchess of Somerset and the Lady Dhrica St. Maur and Lord Seymour, Mar uis a Marchioness of Stafr,Earl andl Countess of St. Germnas and, The Ron. Mr. Eliot. Earl and Countem StanEope, Earl and Countess of Shelburne, Lord and Lady Stanley of Alderley and the Ron. Miases Stanley, Earl and Countess Spencer and Lady Sarah Spencer, Marquis and Marchioness of Salisbnry, Earl and Count-ess of Shaftesbur and the Lady Victoria Ashley and Lord A3ey, Earl and Countes Somers, Colonel Seymour and Lady Emily Seymour, Sir Mchael and Lady Octavia Shaw Stewart, L%dy Sykes and the Misses Sykes and Mr.. Charles Sykes, the Speaker and Mrs. Shaw Lefevre and the Misses Shaw hefevrie, M. Ralph sneyad, Sir George and Lady Seymour and the 3isses Seymour, M1r. and Mrs. Bridgeman Simpson and Miss Bridgemtn, Mr. Jervoise Smith, ar. Somerset, Mr. W. Stirling, Lord Stanhope, Mr. E. Stanley, Lord Skelmersdaie, Dr. Sandwitb, Mr. Siml-inson and Miss Simkinson, the Right Ron. B. Vernon Smith, 3frs. Vernon Smith, and Miss Fitzpatrick; Mir. and Mrs. Tollemache and Miss Tollemache, Mrr. F. Thynne, Mr. A. Thynne, Mr. Trefusis, Major Tomkinaon, EarlandCountessVane,Lord Valletort,Lord AdolphusVane, M1r. Graham Vivian, Duke and Duchess of Wellington and the Ladies Hay, Lord and Lady Wenlock, Dowager T y Wenlock, Earl and Countess of Wilton and the Lady Katharine Grey Egerton, and Viscount Grey de Wilton and the Hon. S. Egerton, Lord West, Sir C. and Mady Mary Wood, Lord Ward, Sir J. and lady Jane Wfalsh, and MisTs Walsh,n anedt Ca tain Walbsh Mr.Heny Wst,Mr.Algrno Wet,Earl and Countess of Westmorland and the Lady Rose iFane. Lady Windsor and the Hon. Miss C'live, Sir George Womhwsell, Mr. WNilson Fatten, Mr. Wyndhiani, General Sir- W. Fenwick William, the ight Rn. Jams StuatWortley.
COUB1T CIECCULAB. The (;ueen, with the Princess Alice, attended by theHon. Flor -Macdonald, took a d&ive in an open landan and fonr yesterday afternoon. The Prince Consort and Prince Frederick William of Prnssia rode on horseback. His Royal Highness Prince Albert, attended by Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, went yesterday morning to iho Provident Institution, in St. Martin?s-place. His Royal. Highness visited the Royal College of Claymistry in the afternoon. The Prince was attended by the Mariquis of Abercorn, Major-General the Hon. C. Grey, and Captain the Hon. D. de Ros. Prince Frederick William of Prussia visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent at Clarence-house, St. James's. The Prince of Wales went in the afternoon to the Royal Arsenal at Woolwich. His Hoyal Highness was attended by hIajor-General Wylde and Mtr. Gibbs. Prince Leopold took a drive in an open carriage and four. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness Prince Alberb honoured the Marauis and Marchioness of Westminster with their consuany at Grosvenor-house last evening. Her Majesty was accompanied by his Royal Frince Frederick W7illiam of Prussia. In attedance were the Duchess of Sutherland, tne Duchess of Atholl, the Hon. Caroline Cavendish, the Hon. Flora Macdonald, Lord Rivers, Lord George lernox, General Sir Edward Bowater, Major-General Wylde, Lieutenant-General Baron Schreckenstein, Baron MoltIKe, Lord Charles Fitzroy, Captain the H7on. D. de Bee, and Lieutenant de Scisreckenstein. Her Royal Highncss the Dachess of Kent visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester last evening at her residence, Glocester-house. A deputation from the vestry of Paddington on the subject of the metropolis toads conmission had an interview with t'he Right Hon. Sir Benjamin Hall yesterday at the Office of Works, W'hitehall-place. The deputation consisted of Mr. Walter Southwood, churcehwarden M Ifr. RoberH Evans, Dr. Thorn, and Ar. E. Ward Jackson (overseers), with Mr. Henry Aveling, clerlk, and Mr. George Stevens, Surveyor of Roadls. M-,. Adderley, I.P., the Rev. S. Turner, and Mr. l:ngen had an interview with Sir George Grey yesterday at the Home-office. A deputation from the vestry of St. Pancras, consisting of the Rev. R. Ec'ekX- Mr. T. W. Glover, Mr. W. Robson, and Mr. G. Wv. F. Cook, solicitor, had an interview with Sir Benjamin HIall yesterday. Major-General Sir VFilliam Eyre had an interview with Mr. Secretary Labouchere yesterday at the Colonisl-office. The Judicial Coinimittee of the Privy Council sat yesterday. Tne appeals from the Prerogative Court, " Farlar v lare" and " Scoular v. Plowright" were concluded. The Lords present were the Chancellor of -the Dechy of Cornwall, Sir J. Pattesca, Sir W. Manie, Dr. Lushington, and Sir E. R.yan. Despatches were received at the Colonial-office yesterday from the Governor of the WVest Coast of Africa.
PAPLIAMEA2TABY OTICES. I gOUSE OF CO'IONS. FETDAV JTir 97 Or.D]MRS OF TII -I nulpsy,-t :am-uze. -National GaLery Site Bill.-Second reading. Excheequer Bills BiUll,-Comunittee. Drainage (rnlandl Bi'.l,-Third reading. Scotch and Irish Pauper Removads Bill,-Second r'a,Lcg. Juvenie OfIenders ilreland) BDill-Committee. Dublin Metropolitan Police Bill.-Adioncaed d.-bate on sec3rd readin. Farochisi Scbools ISrettand) BiD,.-Comasittee. WM lsand Admrini,Tiations B D,-C mcmittee. Education (Scotland) Bill.-Adaourned debate o: second icl,ding. Juries (Ireland) BiD .-Adiourned debate on second reaslin . BauSkrDptey and Insolvecny (Ireland) BilL,-Seccsd -cadin" 'Dweinmgstfor Ia ourinz Clavses (Ireland) Bill.- Third rea,11nd. 2etropolis Locad iUdnagemenc Act Amendmemn (No. "Ji St:U,Second reading. Bu,rial Grornds I isa'ull ilD.-Commttee. County Cour ts Art s Amendment Bill,-Comsicttce. Nuisances Removal. ,r. (Scotland) (No. 2) B:lil-Coxnecittae. St. Sepulchre's Macor lllzbliu) BLiL-Thilrd reading. :Nlarri.ge L=w SLotlandl) Anebding Bill,-Sscondrcalirg. Queen s tolleges (Ireland) Bitl,-Seeond realing. Hioepitals (Dublin) B ill,-Second reading. Clhurh-rates Abolition Bill,-Committec. Ways andAc,ans,-Committee. Poor iLw .A.ndcraunr.t (S:otland) Bill,-As au ended, to be consideredL Grand J ry . steesmeols (Ireland) BiD,-Tbhrd rea6ing. llay ..nd Straw Tradc Bill,-Seond reading. tNOTICES or MOtONss Mr. A, Sm:th,-To akn' the Secretary of State for the Rlme Department, if he hbas ay objection to state the amount ,hich he is prep-seed to alow for the support of juvenile criminals in certil:ed reformstories befor, tbe 3tsh cf June, on wvhdch day the %. arter seq.ona vill amemble. Colondl Bh;,--.o as'c where distinct anld oY:ial informatioil is to be procured as to what zuoant of edulcation is -eTuisite for adtmision into the rh oyns Ac.demy at Woolwich, for ad rus:emn into Srntdhurost, or foradrotsdou into tle Itosal Arti!lery ce 7,r. bir. N-ced-To ask wvhither, as an early dfs sill 'ee f e I for the entry of tne Guards uto) London, Hler Majesty's Goveratent sconld codvider the propriety of tringing up othsr regiments who have arrived from the ( rfanea cn that ocussion, so that an oppor. tualty might bho atforded tP theinzao.:tmnts of thismetropolisof welcoming por.i *ns of tl.eartihleat, ca-alry, and inf-sotryof the tine also, and of test.yiog tho sense theryct.r'etan ef the sevies erenderede'iuaLlyl'y the w.hole army during the late wir. 11da. H. Darin.,-To aske why, the Legion of Flonoaruhas net be-en distributed to those c-ltflcra of thi;e Crimean, armty who had mtrea long since selected by ;enetra! Codrington for that decoration. Sir De L. Evn-.-To aqsk ibhether a LancAshira Regiment of MIlitia has not received -.I days baac rpay, being what that regmenat is stated to have claimed rs berng entiecd to urder 'the _AdLitia ACtfor the tima that e'ap-zed between the date of the warrant for emubodimenat and tho dayof act-a'er1m1oimr.cent: andiftheregiment alludedto bosreceired chis bac, Payr, why should not all other regiments 'o 3ila.y allowedt back ray i cae of hravi5g similargrounds of claim. Btr. utt. -To p:essnt a petition froni b ig hnels Mcccr AulitMorad. Ameer of Kbyrpore, in S.inde, compaining of the un3ustsei-ure of his territories s,y the autbortires of the Indian (lovernment, Vi2e. VseI,e-Fet.r ct the perods each Cons-G.Cseneral. Consul, and Vie_-Consu h-ve ls,eeu aesent from their staxtion since ISIS. MTr. Esmonde.-iietecn of thenacme_ of oflicers commanding brigades in the last Bounncerwar, and of their brigade-rma'isse; distinguishing9 these who have been Inemoted in consequence of 'he conquestnof Pegu from 'h-sse :':olsave not been so prrmoted. Lord r. Cecil-E: to g,ive to colleges in the teirveel'ty of Oxdordn Powers to sell or exchang- heirlands under certain condiiti-ons. The Atternty General for Ircland,-Bhl to amend the law and practiceof thc (Co'rtof C h-ncry inIreland, in relationtothe6apPointrnent of rectace ro-ver :eIestate, and to expedite 'he sSe£e estates in saidu co,urt. Tne Atlorney-GCneral for Ireland,-l3ill to extend the period for applinfrasaeudeteatfr facilitating the sale and transfer of ineumbn-red esta.tesinIrelanC3ardt.oad ametnidthesaid act. The Attorney-Gmecmrl for Ireland,-Bil' to constitute a court of appeal inm C.inec-y, and 1o amend the law relating t.o appeals from- the E:ccmnbered Estate.s Cort in Ireland. Colonel Nctb,-Ta put a question relative to staff appoil-amnte being hc:d: orthe term of five years. except on rea, pohatmet, as la i down by the warrant of the 'th of October IfM. Sir IV. Clc'i.-Ifo iatr.r wtchether it bc the intenion of the Governmentoafaodldfavilities ibrprceedhng with thebtetherstesof a Church-rates A-boiiti n BiU' Captain Stabelt.- To as*c whe-.1:e-rthc arr.acmcits for the di-tnrbUtion of the Victoria Order of Valour arc complet.ed, or nearly so, and whecther it wvillh bg rott st into epecratien at an eariy period : pansofr.the army Shrids ace to hotf4ormned omt-s garoups of consolidatedt depGlts, vith three regiments in eac2h depstlt an;d to inqnlrewrhether tho several lientenant-colonsis w:ho mr.Y be reduced wiUl be placed in such cenmand ? Mr. Knig'nhtey.-To ask vcby the British ofdece bc-ong,n- to thTuareish Contingent. on wlom the Sultan has conferred the C.rder of tbe Iedjidjie. are notpe-rmittedt'o vearthatdecoration? Mr. Otway.-To pult a luestion with regard to the amonat of control overrailwayt rarievestedh intheBoardo, Trade, and to caU the attention of the Ht'DsO to the serious danger and inconvenience incurred by passengers. in cnsequence of the arrangemsents of the Southtaestcn and the Londen end Brighton Railvay companies. - Ur. Olivcira,-Viewing vith satisfoetion thu alppointment that has - beengiven to ieutenant-General Sir Wlliam Fex,wick Willih,m ot .Karas in addition to the pension of !.0.O per annum, and the provision tbathas been made for the mother ofthe late lajor Thompson to solicit at the hands of Government some slbstantial mack of approbation for the dsietngoushed sericcs of the gallant enserali_ of those two oficers-namety, lieutenant-Coloned ILahe and lieutenantColonel Teesdale. Ilfr. Davison,-To a-k the First Lord of the TrearyT wlhetter - any particular time has been yet fixed for th.:e disu7boiment of. the t1ih railitia' acd whether big Lordship did not promiise to the deputation & Peers and mnembers of Torliament who waited on his Eordiship at his residence, that -the Irish msilitiashould net ho disembodied tuil harvest, and that such disembodiment should tae place eradv.ady; and whether the Lo-rd lieutenant ot Irndand has isretionary povers on tshead or whether ho is directod to disembody the militia at any lned iod' mandwLetherhisLoetship wllU he ple<ased t.o defer such discidhimint till talc in Augist, in conformiuty ith the understanding of the deputation as to thearrangement concluded between themanmd his Lordship? THE NEW PAWIBROKERS' ArT.-YeSterday the New Act to Ameud the law relating to I'awnbrokcrs, which received the Roya assent on Monday, was?rinted. The object of the act is to prohibit " leaving shops,' where goods are left on mQney on the pretence of a pale. Such offenders are to be deemed pawnbrokers, end liable, on sunszanay convictioD, to a penalty of 501., with power to mitigate the same to one-fourth.
LOC4L CHARGES UPON SHIPPING. R1OUSE OF COMONS. The committee met yesterday in Room lTo. 18. Mr. Lowvs in the Chair. .Mr. Shuttleworth produced the short-handwriter's notes of -the trial of " Bulton and Others v. the Corporation of Liverpool'" in 183, and, in reply to a question from the Chairman, saidthat SirJ. Scarlettl in his opening speech, claimed thevpozt of Liverpool as belonging to the corporation. The CI 5Lt' here referred Mr. Shuttleworth to an extraot from Omerod's History of C5c3kir4 to show that in the reign of Edwvard I. the tolls&payable at Frodshanm upon ships was 10?., Frodsham being now claimed as belonging to the port of Tiverwpeol. ,Auding to the sales of land atWillasey-pool, Mr. Shuttlevorth said, the greatest part of the land was held by the corporation until 1843. In November, 1842, a notice -was given o Parliament of the intention of certainparties ,to aply for a bill to enable them to make docks at Birkenhead. Elreviois to the publication of this notice the corporation had granted leases forlong pariods fora considerable portien of the land in question, and other portions were ;old after the notice. The corporation immediately determined that if the bill contained anything contrary to their rights it should be opposed, and, fiadirng that by one clause Mo town dues were to be payable at Birkenhead, rand also that the scheme would abstract a large quantity -of water from the river and be injurions to navigations, the bill was opposed. The average Irice realized by the corporation for the land sins about Ss. 2d. per yard. 3very application from Birkenhead had not been opposed, acshe (witness) only recollected two inetances' of the kind. By the Ostnstna N.-Hfave you .anything to state to the comL,mittee as to whether you think this question of the towna dues could be compromisedl.9-I don';t feel authorized to state anything upon the subject. By Mr. HxE±nnn.-Before this bill was introduced to 3arliament was there any communication made to the corporation of Liverpool upon the subject?'-None. ByM r. V.-CcE.-He (witness) had before stated to the committee that the corporation did not claim the right to increase the amount of the dues; the instances quoted to prove the contrary most probably arose from a difference in the mode of packing the goods. The increase of amount was only apparent, not real. The corporation were most lesirous-to decrease the rates of toll where they were found to be oppressive; but they were advised had no power to make anyalteration. The opinion of Mr. Justice Crompton was taken upon the matter, and he decided the corporation could not reduce the dues. 3Mr. J. Weightman, surveyor to the Liverpool corporatLion, produced a plan showing the improvements effected from time to time in the town by the corporation. Very few of the streets referred to were remote from the docks. £r. Shand, merchant and freeman of Liverpool, and daepity-chairman of the Dock Committee, was examined by Lord -HoTizAz, and said his business was chiefly with the West Ind:a trade, and that he did not at all agree with former witnesses, -who considered that a difference of Id. perpackage upon goods would be sufficient to divert the trade from Liverpool to London. The amount of town dues was so small as to be inappreciable uponmanygoods-viz, a farthing in the lb. on sugar, and 4d. on a chest of indigo -worth 50?- The dues iupon salt were no doubt very heavy, and would be reducedEf the corporation had the power. By the CnAnitsrA.-He thought the dues ought to be retained as the town was entitled to them, but the question 3might be looked into and.so arranged that everythingshould pay according to its value. His own advantage from being a freeman nught be fromAQ?. to 1001. Mnr. tewart, mayor of Liverpool, said, the purchases of land which had been made by theDock Trustees of the corporation tece 1824 bad been under his direction. The total amount altogether from the 25th of George IIL was 950,000?., and the greatest :vart of the docks were conairnoted on ground taken out osf the strand. The total extent was 30, aes of which -4S bad been given by the corrperation. Mr. Arnold said, he had been -for many yearz connected with the Customs' depaztment aS Liverpool, but had now retired on superannuation. During the time he was in active service he had constant communication with the mnerchants, 2nd never heard any complaints as to the oppressive nature of the town dues. It vas not the fact that the Customs ever refused to pass an antry unless the town dres were fist paid. It wvas so with regard to the dock dues, but this wmas under the act of Parliamensa- Mr. shuttleworth intimated that he did not intend to call snyother= witnesses, and-thecommittee then adjourneduntil ,Thursday, July t.
TnE; MAIELTox MinRsD,sThe priscner William Brown, charged with the murder of Edward Woodcock and lis grandson, James Woodcock, at the Thorpe-tollgate, near Eeltonu owbray vas brought up ior exzamination yesterday (Thursday) before the magistrates, at the Corn-EBchange. The witnesses who had preliouz.ly been examined npon the coroner's inquest agaln gave their evideswe, and other witnesses wer called, who deposed that the ''bulldog" pistol found beside the murdered old man w35 kriilar in every respect to the one which the prisoner hIAd ae at his brother's house in Bedford-street, Leiceter. A fortnight previous to the commission of this m-Ude% ard which he described as being an instrument Viq which he should" protect" himself and his brother's wife; with whom he had rim away, while on the road, 2nd with which he also threatened to shoot the fLrst nan who "molested" her. Very little additional evidence w.As elicited. The prisoner manifested the utmost indifkeAee,-e at the charge, and maintained his self-possession, niuig the witnesses most cleverly. The hearing was :Loas4 jsz a large concoulrse of persons; so mnany, indeed, ihat TiO er om in the town would have contained t"hem. A. vieryf goot 4hn of evidence ba5 been obtained, and there is little donbA, *}thctih the evidence is buticunsatan. Pl hut that b wit1 bec9msd on the charge.
-lABLIAMB3ITAIRy INDEQ'T, BNNCE. HOUSE O' LOiRDS, THuuSD&Y, JuN: 26. Their lozdsbpt met at 5 o'clock. THE IAW OF DIVORCE. lord LThDHURST presented a peition from -a gentle- nanswho isome years ago obtained -a divorce a sewnnd d' there nyithe ground of adultery, Fraying that, as he wa3 put to great expense by that proes, and the witnesses were tow dispersed, the proceedings L! court might be made use ofes competent evidence upon hbill of divoree a vinctZo osra-imonfi. The petitionlfarther stated that there were ny persons in precisely the same situation to whom the dteration would be acceptable. The LORD CHANCELLOR said, he observed the noble lord expressed no opinicn in approbation, but, on the contrary, seemed rather to wvish to throw on him the responsibility of justifying such a change. He thought, if anything were more clear than another, it was that without searching and siftng inquiry by witnesses vitu wocc no bil of divorce a vincate-sonii ought to be granted. (Hear, hear.) Lord LYNDHURST said, he had performed his duty in presenting the petition. CHURCII-RATES. The Bishop of EXETER presented several petitions from places in Devon and Cornwall, and Lord BEMNERS from places in Leicestershire, against the abolition of churchrates without an equivalent. TORRYIGTON CHURCHYARD. The Bishop of EXETER complained that he had come to town, at some inconvenience, to defend his conduct, wvhich w as arraigned by a notice of the Earl of Portsmouth with respect to the refusal to consecrate the churchyard at Great Torringion, Devon, and he nowv found that the motion had been postponed until to-morrow, without his having been informed of the noble earl's intention. The Earl of MALAESBURY coniurred that it was inconvenient to postpone matters of a personal character without giving notice to the persons affected, but thought it might be attributed, in this instance, to the short experience of the noble earl in that house. After a few words from the Marquis of CIL&RUecARDE, the subject was allowed to drop. GRAND JURIES BILL. Lord C AMPBELL rose to move the second reading of this bill, the object of which he stated to be to enable witnesses to be sworn by the foreman of the grand jury instead of, as atpresent, inopencourt, where the proceeding wasconducted in a hurried and not very decorous mianner, and was at the same time a hindrance to other basiness. A noble friend of his had complained that the bill did not e-xtend to Ireland, but upon inquiry he (Lord Campbell) found that the system which tle bill proposed to introduce had already prevailed in that country for the last 20 years. He would be glad to see the principle extended in their own direction, and that select committees of thatHonse should have power to swearwitnesses appearing before them, instead of the oaths being administered at the bar in a hasty and some what slovenly manner. (Hear.) Whether the House had power to effect such a change by a simple resolution might be a matter of doubt; but it was quite certain that such a change was most desirable. Lord PORTMAN said, he had given notice of a motion to postpone the second reading for six months, but after what had occurred it would not be necessary for him to press it. Some hon. members of the other House had represented to him that the bill, whicl wvas one of conrsiderable importance, had passedthrough that house rather unexpectedly ; and, as it was desirable that its provisions should he fully considered, he had given notice of a motion to postpone the second reading, in order that their lordships' attention might be called to it. One point wvhich required consideration was whether, as grand juries at quarter sessions comprised no magistrates, it was right to confer uipon the foremen of such grand juries the powver of maaistrates in respect to the administration of oaths. It haa also been suggested that, as grand jurors were sworn to " keep the Queen's counsel, their own, and their fellows'," they might be compelled, in the event of the bill being passed, to give evidence npo what oCecurred in the grand jury room, That he was told, was an over-sensitive feelin , as no doubt the noble and learned lord (Campbell) would at the proper time explain. Wdith respect to the extension of tlae principle represented by this bill to committees of that House, hc could see no reason why it should not be done. The LORD CHTNCELLOl supported the bilLr He spoke after an experience of measy years in a criminal court, and he thought nothing could be snore discreditable than the wayxinwhichthe oath was now administered there. On the first day or t eo of the assizes in a large rounty it w las almost imrossible to pas and repass in thie criminal court, owing tothe continual pressure from witnesses who w ere being sworn. The wvhole exhibition, he repeated, wvas excessively discreditable, and he thought the main object of the bill an exceedingly desir.able one. The E arl of POWVIS did not see why the foreman of the grand jury should he called upon to do the duty of the crier of the colurt. The Earl of HARDWICKE thought a great deal of time wouldbe lest by the grand jury if this measure became law; instead of examining witnesses, they wouldbe employed in swvearing them. The questionl was how to insare more decency in the swvearing of witnesses, and he thought this object might be attained if, instead of being swvorn by a crier, the wvitnesses wvere swvorn eithaer by a magistrate or the judge himself. He did not loek upon the bill as at all necessary. After some further conversation the bill was read a second time. ALMTRDIONIAL CAUSES AND DIVORCE BILL. On the order for going into committee on this bill, LordLYf'DHURSTrose and said-Before going into committee I wish shortly to state the substance of this bill as it has come down to your lordshipe' House from the select committee, and I cannot but think that your lordships will approve the amendments suggested by that commsittee. The great object which the committee had in view, and which theframers of the original measure had inview, was to establish a separate tribunalfordecidig upon matrimonial causes. Whentheconstitutionof that tribunalwas considered incommittee, wecame tothe conclusion thatit should be composed of the Lord Chancelor, the three chief judges of the courts of common law, and the Dean of the Arches; that the Dean of the Arches might sit alone in cases such as those which at present came under his jurisdiction; but that causes for divorce a tinculo ruetrisionji should be decided by the full court, or rather by a quorum of the court. It further appeared to us, that the appeal from the decision of the Dean of the Arches should be heard before the whole court, while appeals from the full court should be brought before your lordships' House ; such appeals to be founded not upon questions of fact, but upon points of law. I think that your lordships, after considering the composition of that tribunal, will agree with the opinion of the committee, that it will be likely to answer the purpose whiche we had in view. It wil be a court dignified by rank, full of talent, and not more competent than a court ought to be which is called upon to decide questions of such vast importance. So much, then, with respect to the constitution of the tribunal, which I think your lordships will consider to be satisfactory. (Hear, hear.) I come now to the alterations in the existing law which the conmmittee propose. As the law at present stands, a woman divorced fiom her husband on her own petition on account of adultery, cruelty, or other misconduct on the part of the husband, is placed in this situation,-that whatever property she may acquire by her own industry and sldl', or whatever property may devolve upon her, becomes at once the property of her husband, and Iis not unfrequently employed by him, not in the support of Ihis wife, but in the support of a mistress. Now, my lords, the committee considered that it would be most desirable to put an end to that state of things, and they decided unanimously that a woman divorced d asensd et thoro from her husband, who afterwards acquires propertY, shall retain it to her own separate use, and may dispose of it by grant or by will or in any way in which she pleases. I think that your lordships will be of opinion with the committee, that such a provision is imperatively required by justice. (Hear, hear.) Another great hardship of the present system is' that a woman separated from her husband, in case of injury or in other cases, cannot maintain an action in her own name, and the committee came to the conclusion that a woman divorced A smnsd et t1/oro from her husband ought to be allowed to come into a court of law as a fenze solef I think that your lordships will be of opinion that such an alteration tn the present law would be wise and beneficials; and I beg leave to say that, from the conversations which I have had with my noble and learned friend on the woolsack, I think that it has passed through his mind that such a provision should be inserted in the bilL I now come to the third point-the action for damages in cases of adultery-an action which I consider and which I think many of your lordships will consider to be of a most scandalou s character. I proposed, my lords, in that committee, to abolish the action for damages, but the opinion, although not the unanimous opinion of the committee was a-iaIust me upon that point. I afterwards proposed that, for the action for damages a prosecution should be substituted, and-S& am quite sure that a prosecution would be more effectual in preventing adultery than the action for damages -an action whieh is a scandal to a civilized country, and -which excites the horror and disgust of other countries, and which at the same time is an action involving a great hardship and injustice to the woman, who is not allowed to appear either in person or by counsel, and who thus may, by the combination of her husband and another person, become a victim without a remedy. Such a state of things ,f,contrary to all principles of justice. (Eear, hear.) In *te Court of Chancery, if It be suggested that any person not Zen in the suit is in tbh slightest degree interested in it- e suit is suspended until he is made a party to it. The CovsIttee came, I think, to a most unfortunate deoision upon' tAt point. I shall presently proPose a motion with respecg to it, and I trust that your lordships will take thermatter intm yOU moEt serious consideration. I find thatinavtiqn4 g hind judgments coflltpatly go by de- fault, npon the understandink that the damages shaU be I xefunded; and it is said that I shall inflict a hardship upon Eomae persons by carrying out my proposition upon this sub. ject; but, when hardships are spoken of, permit me to call to your lordships' recollection the sabstance of a curious petition which was presented some time since by a noble and learned friend of mine not now present, and for the accuracy of the statements contained in which he vouched. In the case to which the petition related an action for adultery was brought, a verdict was obtained by the plaintiff, nominal damages were given, and the lady lost her character and ws driven out of society: After a lapse of 18 months or two years she contrived to prove to the satisfaction of the Court that there was not the slightest foundation for the accusation-in fact, ao far was she from having had sexual intercourse with the man with whom the adultery was charged, that she had never had sexual intercourse with any one-even with her own husband-and she was at that time as pure a virgin as ever lived. In such a case, I submit to your ldrdships of a woman losing her character and being driven from society, without an opportunity being afforded herof being heard, or of examining witnesses in her defence. (Hear, hear.) In a fourth point of great importance, the committee, although they have not gone quite so far as I wished, have advanced considerably in the way of reform, and vi the viewof protecting the rights and interests of women. I thought that it was consistent with Scripture, consistent with the law, and consistent with reason, that the wife should he put on the same footing as the husband in proving cases of adultery Such an equality would be in accordance with the known law of Scotland, and evidence was adduced to show that no inconvenience resulted from placing the husband and wife on the same footing in that respect. I cited many authorities in support of that opmion, and ultimately the committee went so far as to Xecide that, in all cases of adultery accompanied with craelty, in cases of incestuous adultery, and in eases of bigamy, the wife was entitled to a divorce. I very much thank the committee for having gone so far as they have in this matter, although I would fain have persuaded them to go a little further. I thought, for instance, that where adultery was committed and the husband was charged withfelony and sentenced to be transported, so that the object of nisarriage was defeated, the wife ought to have an opportunity of obtaining a divorce. (Hear, hear.) However, I an thankful for the arnendments in this direction which have been made. There is one more point only in which the committeo miade any material alteration in the bill as it went before thema. The bill provided that the wife should be entitled to alimony after four years' desertion by her husband, and the consmittee have shortened that period, and have decided that she should be entitled to alimony after a desertion of two years, I believe. Vith these observations, I trust that this bill, which I regard as an important step in the right direction, will shortly become the law of the land. (Hear, hear.) The Marquis of LANSDOWNE.-Having been one of the members of the committee which sat upon this very important subject, I am desirous thtis early in the proceedings to state my own opinion of this bill, as it now appears before yourlordships, and of some of the suggestions which have been niiade by the noble and learned lord who has just sat down. Iquite agree with thenoble and learned lord in the desire which he expresses that this bill should become law; andlIwishtooffermytestimonyofgratitude,on behalf of this House and on behalf of the public, both to mny noble and learned friend on the woolsack, who introduced this measure, andto the noble and learned lord opposite, who has suggested many valuable additions to the bill which have been approved and adopted by the select committee; because by means of the bill in its present form a very great wrong, affecting society and the interests of wMomen at large, has been effectually, I hope, but at all events to a grea' extent, redressed. (Hear, hear.) I have for years past thought that in this country, which boasts the most advanced state of civilization in the world, the cause of woman has partaken of that situation which it would occupy in the least civilized and most barbarous States. She occupies a condition which is really inferior to that which prevails in any other modern country, and which is inferior to that which prevailed in Rome-the great origin and fountain of the civil law. (Hear, hear.) Although we should not think of following the example of the Romans in other points, nevertheless, in this particular respect they exercised a more refined, a more liberal, a more just, and a more enlightened policy than that which your lordship: and the other House of Parliament have for years allowed to prevaiL (Hear, hear.) Many as are the cases of great hardship and injustice which must have come to your lordships knowledge in those elevated classes of society with which you are naturally more intimately associated, I believe that they are as nothing compared with that great mass of inJustice which has for years existed among the lower and more inferior classes of the community. According to the old law upon this subject, a woman deserted by her husband -not for one year merely, but for six, seven, or eight years -having in his absence earned her own livelihood and provided for her children, has been liable, at the expiration of a long period, to have her earnings taken fromu her, her children deprived of their provision, and herself left deseitute-all to benefit a cruel, debauched, and profligate hus. band, and after the exercise of every species of industry and virtue upon her part. (Cheers.) I could recite numerous instances of this description to your lordships. One will suffice by way of illustration. It is the case of the wife of a shoemaker, who was abandonel by her husband ; he gave ap his trade and deserted her for a period of seven years. She having learnt the trade of her hlusband practised it during Isis absence. She thus obtained for herself the means of subsistence, she provided for her children, and her industry and honesty prospered her in her undertaking. At the expiration of seven years the man came home, seized all the profits of her laborious industry, waited upon her customers, and collecting the bills which w ere due to her, appropriated the proceeds to his own benefit. That is only a single istance; but it may exist everywhere, in every town and in every village throughout the country. (Hear, hear. In ansver to cases such as these we are told by some learned writers, "Oh, that is the common law of the country, but there are remedies to be found in a court of equity." A court of equity! Why, my lords, to send the wife of a humble shoemaker or of a petty shopkeeper to seek her remedy in a court of equity against an injustice of this description appears to me to be neither more nor less than a mockery-a mockery to which I hope in future no one wll ever have occasion to have recourse. (Hear, hear.) I hope that this important subject will not be allowed to drop vithout some remedy being applied, and I earnestly trust, above all, that means wil be found to pat an end to actions for criminal conversation. (Hear, hear.) These actions not only tend to corrupt public morals and to affect public decency, but they lead to the greatest injustice as respects the parties concerned. They bear especially hard upon the woman, whose character and interests are at stake, but whose voice is not heard, and cannot be heard, from the very nature of the proceedings. It appears to me that in such actions all parties stand in a false position. These proceedings are founded upon the assumption that the loss of the affections of a wife is to be treated as the loss of an ordinary chattel, and compensated in pounds, shillings, and pence, according to the opinion of a jury impannelled for that purpose, but impanneUed without an opportunityof formingaright judgment-on the contrary, with every incentive on the part of the prosecutor and the prosecuted to present a false view of the case. The prosecutor may perhaps wish, from a remnant of thlose feelings that exist in a humane bosom to mitigate the guiltof her who has been the partner of his life; but more often he is actuated by motives of the most vindictive kind, and aggravates the facts of the case beyond what the interests of justice and tnith require. On the other hand, the party prosecuted, if he looks forward to the formation of an honourable colnexion with the woman whom he has seduced, has every motive for mnitigating her guilt; but, if lie is so profligate as to wish to avoid making the only reparation which it is in his power to offer, he -will not hesitate to save himself at the enxpense of truth. Ihave already said thatthedisgustingdetails which are dragged to light in the course of such actions act injuriously upon lublie sorsls. Your lordships know how many of these cases havebeen tried in our own time, and the deplorable conseouences to which they have sometimes led. It is related of Charles IL, who was induced to attend one of the earliest of them every day vwhile it lasted, that lie said he found it quite as entertaining as a play. I humbly think that an action for criminal conversation is not an edifying subject of amusement either for Sovereign or for people; that, on the contrary, it is utterly corrupting in its nature, and I cannot see why means should not be found of punishing the parties prosecuted in these cases in some other way-for example, by enabling the court to be established under the present bill to order proceedin5 s to be taken under it s owvn direction against the parties in question. Undoubtedly the bill, as it now stands, makes a step in the right direction, because I understand it is not intended that the new court should, as heretefore, require an action for criminal conversation to have been raised previously to a divorce; and I think the committee have gone as far as they ought in drawing a distinction between adultery on the part of the husband and adultery on the part of the wife. NTevertheless I thank the noble and learned lord opposite for bringing that particular point before the House. It is one of great importance, and well deserves the attentive consideration of your lordsh1ips. If any further improvements can be made n thebilI I shall be glad; but as it stands at present, though net perfect, it is a groat advance upon the existing state of things, and, I believe, wi be productive of great good to the country. (Hear, hear.) The LORD CHANTCELLOR, as the introducer of the bi, wished to say a few words relative to the alterations adopted by the select committee. He would advert, in the first Instance, to the question on which the committee were not altogether unanimous-viz., the propriety or impropriety of abolishing actions for crininal conversation. He thought that those actions had hitherto been raised mainly, if not entirely, in consequence of the rule laid down by their lordships that vithout a verdict in such an action a divorce cotuld not be granted. Inasmuch, therefore, as the bill did awaywiththatnecessityandenableda divorce to be obtained upon its own merits, without any such previous action, ho believed the consequence would be, from the good feeling of the community, although not from positive enactment, to make such actions extemely rare. He did not say that the bill would entirely abolish them, and he confessed, differing in that zespect from his noble friend who had just addressed their lordships, that he did not think it would be expedientto declare bypositive enactment that inno circnmstances could such an action be brought. (Hear, hear.) For he could conceive cases in which it might be perfectly rea- lpab!e that ifp,, aoId be peirA y compens,tign Grievous injury might aise to a poor man from the miscorduct of a rich one; there might be many cases in which the guilty act of an adulterer might deprive a poor man of a portion of his isacome and when. ever that occurred moral justioe would seem to require that pecuninrycomuensatiin should be given. A majority of the committee were therefore of opinion that actions for criminal conversation could aot be abolishe4 albogather. {Hear, hear.) With regard to the constitution of the tribunal zo be established under thb bill, the alteration adopted by the committee was. not a very material one. As the bill originally Stood, it was popoBed thait the coturt -should consist of the Lord Chancellor, -the Lord Chief Justice, of: the Court of Queen's Bench and one of the ecclesiastical judges-the Chief Justice, when he could not attend, to delegate another judge; bat the colismittee suggested that, instead of this delegation, all the three Chief Justices should have a seat, anyone of them being sadicient. As to the rights.of a weman, divorced , mcssai et thoro, with regard to property, he had from the first stated that he had no objechon to such a woman being regarded as a femrze 501e, but he did not thin] it was a matter which should be introduced into the present bilL He was still of the same opinion, but nevertheless would not object to the recommendation made by the committee. Then, with reference to the relief which ought to be given to the wife, the bill originally provided that she should be entitled to a divorce onlyin case of incest. The committee thought, however, that the right should be extended to such cases as bigamy, oradultery,with cruelty and desertion. To these alterations he was prepared to accede, butehe thought it would not be safe or prudent to o further. Any one who proposed that the relief given to husband and wife should be reciprocal could not expect to have the concurrence of public OPinion, for, unquestionably, the public entertaimed the belief that there was a criminality on the part of the wife in cases of adultery which did not attach to the husband. (Hear, hear.) It was not unreasonable to expect that criminality on the part of the husband might be pardoned by the wife, but it was not at all likely that pardon would be extended from thehisband to the wife. (Hear, hear.) The cases could not be regarded as equal, and accordingly he was not disposed to go furtlserin the direction of granting relief to the woman than had been proposed by the committee. Lord CAMPBELL most earnestly implored their lordships to take the bill as it now stood. It was an immense improvement on the law of marriage and divorce in this country, and he thought they could not safely attempt more at the present moment. It was a most anomalous state of things that a marriage could not be dissolved inany particular case in this country without an act of Parliament. It would hardly be credited in future times that such a disgraceful system could have existed, and that before an act of Parliament could be obtained there must first bave been an action lrought for criminal conversation. (lear, hear) He cautioned their lordships, however, ag.ainst giving to great facilities for divorce. Such a course would beh ttendedwith the most unhappy consequences. (Hear, hear.) It was only in cases of adultery that divorce could be safely given, and this was the line pointed out by the great Founder of our religion. Hleapproved of the alterations introduced into the bill by the committee. It was just that the earnings of a wife deserted by her husband should be preserved sacred for her own use; that she should in such cases be treated as a femme sole, and have a right to institute actions even against her husband. In abolishing the necessity of actions for criminal conversation more difficulty arose, Of these actions be had always been ashamed, and on his tribunal he had often expressed his abhorrence of them. In conversation with foreign jurists he had been reproached with the existence of such actions, and had nothing to say in reply, for, though he was able to deny that men sold their wives with ropes abont their necks, he could not deny that actions for crim. con. were permitted, nay, made necessary in certain cases, by the law. (Hear.) By rendering that action no longer necessary, he thought a great deal was done, and he hoped the effect would be to bring it altogether into desuetude. The difficulty the committee felt was that they could not altogether abolish the action without substituting some mode of ciiminal proceeding. The question vieweed in this light waS beset with difficulties, and therefore the committee, not wishing to abrogate the civil prosecution without substitut.ing a criminal procedure, resolved simply tr render the action no longer necessary for the purpose of procuring a divorce. (Hear, hear.) Then the questi.on arose, should the samle right of divorce be given to the wrife as to the husband ? No doubt the crime in both cases was essentially the eanie, but the consequences were not the same. When adultery was committed by the woman, all the purposes of he marriage were for ever annulled, and there could be no condonation onthe part of the husband. He would not, therefore, go the length of giving the w.oman the same ri'hts in this case as the husband. He would give her the nght to a divorce in the case of incestuous adultery, as at present, and to that he was willing to add cruelty, bigamy and desertion for a certain number of years; but further than that he was not prepared at present to go. (Hear.) The Earl of ST. GERMANS believed there were many cases in the lower class of life in which substantial injury was caused to the injured husband, and, therefore, actions for criminal conversation ought not to be altogether abolished. At the same time it was desirable these actions should be rendered as rare as possible, and he believed that after the passing of this bill they would become exceedingly rare. He suggested that words should be introduced into the clause relating to this point, to the effect that no action for damages should be brought unless the court constituted bv the bill had pronounced a divorce i rincito asatrimoon ii. Lord LYIMDHURST was understood to say that he would not move the amendmerts he had intended to propose in this bill, but -would reserve to himself the right of introducing a distinct measure, embodying the views which he entertained. The Bishop of OXFORD said that, as the orly member of the episcopal bench who had sat upon the committee on this subject, he wished to say a few words. He gave his hearty assent to those improvements of the law which this bill was intended to carry into effect with regard to the gross injustices now perpetrated upon married women by their husbands in the cases to which the noble marquis had referred. There were other parts of the bill to which he gave a modified assent. He agreed in the observations thal I:ad been made with reference to actions for criminal conversation, and their mischievous effect upon society at large. There wS hol-ever, one part of the bill-and that, perhaps, the most iniportant part of it-to which, after mature and deliberate consideration, upon moral and social grounds, he. forone, couldlnotconsent. Healludedtothefundamentalpar. of the measure, the object of which was to facilitate. as far as possible, in all cases of adultery upon the part of the wife, and in eases of adultery with certami aggravations on tle part of the husband, divorces av tinlCuo. It had long been a iiioot point among those who had devoted their whole live, to the study of the subject vhether, according to that laW of Cod to which reference had been made, marriage could be dissolved for the act of adultery itself. Indeed, throughout a very large part of Christendom that was altogether denied. This question had long leen mooted, and the great Christian writer St. Angustine weighed the evidence on both sides with a very nice hand, and at last declined to decide absolutely whether the much-disputed words of our blessed Lord did or did not allow of the dissolution of marriage even for the act of adultery. After giving his best attention to the subject, he (the Bishop of Oxford) could not doubt that, according to the words of our Lord, marriage might be dissolved for the act of adultery; but, although he -was bound to say his honest opinion was that marriage might lawfully be dissolved for the act of adultly, it was a matter for further consideration vhether it was expedient t) afford facilities for the dissolution of marrage even for adultery itself. It appeared to him that the question assumed thisform-whether, upon the whole, there was reason to believe that the morality of the nation would be promoted by affording such fa^ilities as would be given by this measure for the dissolution of marriage a vine ole even for the act of adultery? The question was not wvhether, abstractedly, as a point of divinity, it would be lawful to afford such facilities, but whether, as Christian statesmen, they were persuaded that an advance in that direction would or would not promote the moral interests of the community. In his opinion, they ought most seriously to consider whether the cause of morality would be promoted by aff'ording facilities for the dissolution of mnarnage. 7f such facilities were to be given wvith so free a hand that they were to be brought witlin the reach of thepoorerclasses,ithe couts by which the law was ad- inimstered must be able to afford what was called a cheap redress to the applicants who came before them. If, however, the poor were referred in cases of this kind to courts affording cheap redress, such courts could not be presided over by judges so capable of discriminating the niceties of law as those who sat in the higher courts, which were constituted without regard to expense. The consequence, he feared, would be the wide spread of that master evil, collusion, which would by degrees sap the morality of married life among the lower classes. Bnt, if the facilities to be afforded were not brought down to the lowest class of. society, where were they to stop ? Were they to reduce the expense ofjudicial proceedings to such a point that tradesmjen might be enab ed to obtain divorces, while the oppor- tunity of doing so -would be denied to the lower class ofthe community ? Or, 'were the expenses to be only so far reduced that divorces would be attainable by thoe richer portion of the middle classes, while they would be eyond the reach of the less wealthy tradespeople? EFe lelieved that if facilities for divorce were once afforded the gravest- dissatisfaction would be produced, unless thosefacilities were extended to the verylowestClasses * f society, and. he contended that sucha facilities could not te given to the lowest classes without endangering themoral purity of married life. At present there were no complasints on this subject froni the lower classes. They did not demand that the wi vi#I7iawhich, in a few cases, were afforded to the higher and wealthier classes of society should be e.xtended to themL There was no outery, there were no peti. lions from the por on this subject. Why, then, should any cne among their lordships step forward to invite dissatisfaction with a state of the law which, although, doubtless, many cases of individual hardship might have arisen under it, had yet, he believed, pre- served the sanctity of married life among the poorer and less instructed part of the communit o thi country to an extent unequalled in any other nation? He thought that, in spite of all that had been said against it, the present state of. things administered with due caution, was far safer than that which it was proposed to in- troduce. [A noble lord.-" What ! by acts of Parliament ?"j Yes ; divorce by acts of Parliament. Holding, as he did, that there was nothing contrary to God's law in dissolving marriage on account of adultery, but that facility of dissolntion a riucnao matri20onii for that crime produed the worst moral influence upon society, he said that the mode which th nglish egislalBre had hit upon-a pneral pro- hiibition, 'with the privilege of dissolution, . n cases whichcotild niot be resisted-although a cluimsy, and B ometimes a very bad mnode,, wag stil 'a aach- safer - and.- better mode than the'introductioit i of uuiyerssi laxity, ,which would follow frmnthe plan now proposed.- WhLenever relaxationl o6f the marriage,tie ha been introduiced it.eomInenced, as -this -bill iuripoaesto introduce-it,iby giving facility for dis- solution only on the grounid of adultery !- but never had :relaxation stoppec'tliere. Other cases of hardshnip had 1soon been suggested, until, astheirlordahipsknew, forincom.- -ptability of temper, and at last for miutual dislike, divorce ha insome countries been allowed. TIhe experience of -other nations should, thierefore, make them cautious before *entering upon a traclk which -would inevitably lead to that -further step which, he presumed, none of their lordships 'were now prepared to take. He approved that portioni o*f the bil which did away 'with some of the injustices done to mariried women, but he saw in the proposed facility for divorce a viaculto ssatrimnon-i that 'which he feared would be the opening of the floodgates of licence upon the hitherto blessed purity of English life. (Haers hear.) Frequent allusions had b;eeu nmade to the' law of Scotland, but in one most important point that law differedL from what they now proposed to make the law of England, inasmnuch As persons inx Scotland who -were divorced for adultery with any Vve party could never marry that party..wI-Aas impossibl eo overrate the influence which such a state of the law exercised in guarding the beginnings of niarried life. HoW constantly it had happened that t-he evil which hiad resinlted in a direful tragedy had- its cocumencenient in the lightest cause-some difference of temper', some little -alienation of affection, exposing the 'wife to the art. and pproaches of another. But if the woman-were guarded by -tesure coniviction that no more happiness in mnarried life was possible, the temptation mfight altogether fail. Among the lower classes, who gave no indicationL of any wish for *relaxation of the law, it was' prfectly well knowvn that a legal divorce was an !umpo&qbXh5,".and to tbat circumstance might be traced the sacredness of the mnarriage tic among the l ower orders of the -Englis.h-people which was so remarkable-hbecause, even womnen 'who had fallen before .marriag, and not attributed to that fall any great degree of mrl criminality, considlered themselves utterly abandoned if after mnarriage they could- be Justly charged with any infidlelity whatever. That remarkable fact hd grown up very mauchi under the influence of the feeling that marriage wvith any other person was imnpossible, and its rermoval woulid have the effect of unsettlring altogethier the present estimate which the masses formed o~f the sacred"ess of holy matrimony. lIe believed they woiuld not be imparting to the lower orders advantages hitherto possessed by .the higher, but that they 'would be giving to the lower eL-ises disastrous disadvantage to whiceh the hig'her classes only had been hithert exposed. He believed that miany unhapp terminations of mTa!riae -in high life might have been avoided if it ha' been impossible .in that class to obtain diss-olution of the tie, asit was at, pent asoi thepoe people of this laiud. (Cheer.) WVritsh tha',tifeeli.ng, however few of thleir lo-rdshsps might agree with hi, hewould move, on bringinglup the report, amnendments on the clauses facilitating divorce a viswcudo cnatrillzoiii. He implored their lurdslbips not to hurry a measure through the House -which, whether for goodl or for evil,toeued the foundations of tkewvholefamily life of the people. The bill, as reported by the coumnittee, had only that day been laid uponuthe table. He wished tohave his amendments printed and circulated as wyell among their lordships who, at this period of the year, were in the country as among those w-ho 'were in town, and he wished his right rev, brethren to have an opportunity of considering the whole subject hsfore coming to a deliberate judg- ment on this great question. lie therefore trust-ed th;e report would not be brought up for at least aweek. (Hear.) The Duke of ARGYLL. saidl that, notwithstanding the force and extreme ingenuity of the right rev, prelate's arguments, he was somewhat surprised at their inconsistency. He was glad to hiear, the right rev, prelate make the distinct admission t-hat by the Divine lavw divorce for a given cause -was permitted, but the right rev, prelate went on to argue that at was the duty of their lordships to render that permisson nugatory. The right rev, prelate haa stated that under the existing law, which he wisshed to see perpetuated, divorce wa's impossible to the lower classes. -He (Du'ke of A~rgyli) mnaintained, therefore, by his own confession, the right rev. prelate wished to neutralize the Divine permiission 'which he admittedlhad been given todisvorces in certain cases. That difficulty had no doubt occurred to the right rev. prelate, for bes-ought to meet it by thuextraordinary conclusion that the present anomalous state of the lawv should be continued; that the rich shouild be allowed to obtain divorces, hut that to the poor they shouldl be prohibited. The right rev, prelate had said that if the privilg ofdvrenwpsesd alone by the rich -were extendedI to the poorer classes it would he only conrerring upont those classes a grievous die. advantage; that notwvithstanding divorce was sanctioned by divine prarnission, yet the application of that permission would be fraught with dangerous conseouences. The Bishop of O'XFORD explained that he had said, in his; judgment, the words of our Lord would bear the interpretation that had been put upon themn; but that it wias a matter so doubtful that a greater part of the western and the whole of the eastern church differedI upon it, and thlat St. Augustine hadl weighedl the whole subject mnost carefully w~ithout being able to arrive at a dlecision. Lord REDESDALE, having been a mnember of the cammnittee appointed to inquire into this subject, and haviui differed fromn the concluseions at which the nmajority of that, committee had airived, beggledto express his concurrence in the observations of the right rev, prelate, He el:deved it would he injurious anid unwise to gran-t such dlivorces as were suggested, and, upon a niost careful study of the religious aspect of the quaestion, he couldanot but d-clare his belief that marriage was in-'hissoluble,andltliatdivorceewas notpermittcd. Even socially, divorce was a subject to be treatedl with great cauation, for if the real merits of the cases in which P'arliament had granted dlivorcee could be known, he did not doubt it would be found that the great majority were cases in -which divorces ought not to have been granted. With respect to the consequences of divorces, he doubted w'hether they prodluced happy results, and qluestioned still more the social benefits whichl would flow from ani extension of the law, lie hadl been surprised at the noble duk-e alluding to the bill before the House as doing equal justice to the poor as to the rich, The mere expense of a proceeding before a tribunal comprising the three Chief Justices and the lord Chancellor wouldE prevent a p oor man from havingrcus to it. If, then, the law of divorce was to be niade mecorueraeccessible to the poor its administration miust be intrusted to inferior courts, which, being burdened with numerous cases, could not be expected to exercise that caution, or to examine so minutely as was desirable and proper. He had expressed his views in a separate report, and further consideration had confirmedl him in the conclusion which he had therein stated, He quite agreed with the right rev, p relate that further tune should be given to consider the bill, and hoped the noble and learned lordI on the woolsack -would agree to that proposal, Lord CAMPBELL assured the right rev, prelate that he had heard ninny persons in the humbler orders of life complain bitterly of the injustice of the law of divorce as, regadd hm It was quite true there had not been a pub lic meeting of men -whose wives had been uinfaithful to themn, and therefore no petition had been presented from that unfortunate class. (A laugh.) He had triedamany men for bigamy who complained that they bad not been able to get rid of a bad wife, and hadl married agi as the only course that was open to thiem. In _a case tried before Mr. Justice Maule,n the prisner, being convicted of bigamy, was called upon to say -why -sentence should not be passed upon him. He then said," "My wife-was unfaithful; she robbed me and ran away wvith another man, and I thought I might take another wife." The reply of the learned judge was-"~ You are quite wrong in supposing that you ought to have brought ani action for criminal conversation ;that action would have been triedl before one of Her Miajesty's judges at the assizes; you would probably 'have recovered damages anda then you should have instituted a suit in the Ecclesiastical Court for a rlivorce a wessIcii et tuiioro. Having got that divorce, you should have petitioned the House of Lords for a divorce a -iisculo, and should have appeared by counsel at the bar of their lordships' house. Then, if the bill passed it wouldi have gone down to the House of Commnons; the same evidence would possibly be repsated thiere; and if the Royal assent bad been given after that you mi-ght have married again. The wvhole prcedin ol not .have cost you more than 1, 011." ".Ah, my lord" rplid te mn, I nverwas worth maore than1,00 pncein al m lie."Thejudge's answer was, "Tht i th la, ad yu mst ubmt t it." Who could wondr tat he an houd rtur, "hatis hard measure The Bishop of St. DAVID'S than'ked his right rev, friend for having brought before their lordships certain aspects of this question which otherwise would net, he believedi, have been presented to their consideration. on th-is occasion. Hle had failed to perceive in the speech of his right rev, friend any of that inconsistenicy which the noble duk-e had eodesvouared to point out, and he had heard nothing wvhich met the substaince of his right rev, friend's arguments. The anecdote just related by the noble and learnedl lord, enterta%ining as it was, was perfectly inapplicable by way of argument. Precisely the saiwe object-ion would always be raised on the part of those classes whose case it was perfectly evidlent wouldI not be touched by the present bilL (Hear.) Whether the bill was right or wrong, be thought it ab- net brought thoe facilitiesw ich ste Legp. aur nenent and a nrght as regarded the higber classes of society. Their lordships would then be comnelled to adopt some further measure to accomplish the same ends and to increase these facilities, and he really saw no limit to their legislation upon this subject until they brought the lawv of divorce within the jurisdiction of the County Courts, or of some other court in which justice (it justice it were) should be made still cheaper and easy of access to the very lowest classes of society. (lesr.) That was a prospect 'hich he, for one, could certainly not regard with satfaction, comfort, or confidence, and he should therefore he very glad to have an opportunity of maturely coansiderding the provisions and effect of the measure now. Viscount DUNGANNON thought it -a very plausible argument to say that the Legislature gave to the rich faci- lities in obtaining divorce which they aid not afford to thepoor; but he agreed with the right rev. prelate (the Bishop of Oxford) in thinng that if the means of dissolving the - marriage tie were made more generally accessible an extent of immorality and collusio whisch it was fearful to contemplato would be developed among the lower classes of society, e hoped the most ample time would be given for further deliberation on this question. After a few words from Lord DmEnuey, The House went into committee, and the various clauseci of the billiwere agreed to with verbal amendments. Their lordships then resumed, 'when The Bishop of OXFORD, in order to afford time for the due con-ideration of this importaht question, and of the amendment which it was Mis intention to prowose QpDf - bringing up the report, moved that the bMl bereported orc Thursday next. If this proostion were not acceded t* he should be compelled to divide the House on the question. Lord XEDESDALE did not think the Tequest of the right rev. preLUth was ati unreasonable one. Lord LYNDHURST m6ved. as an amendcment, that the report be taken into consideration on Tuesday next. Their lordships then divided, when the numbers were- For the motion. 9 Against it ... ... ... ... ... 7 Mfajority .-... .. ..^2 The report will therefore be consid,ered-on Thursda netxt. The Industrial and Pxoviclent Societiesill passed throug!h 7conmmlttee. The Sardinian Loan Bill and the Seamen's Savings-Bank Bill were read a second time. the other orders having been disposed of, their Iordships adjorned at 5 minutes to 8 o'clock.
| .HOUSE OF COMMONS, TaSDa JNE 2 6. The SPEBAx took the chair at 12 o5clodk. Th!e following biDls were read a third time andassed Dawv's Ds Estate Bill, Dnnblane, Doune, ana Callander Raliway Bill; Iagham's Estate Bill; Perth, .Almondc Valley, and 3lethven RHllway Bill Stirling and Dunferm. line Railway BilL POSTAL COMMUINICATION BETWEEN ENGLAND AND AUSTRALIA. Sir J. PAXINGTON asked the Secretary to the Treasury whether Her Majesty's Government have completed arrangements for postal communication between England and Australia; and, if so, what is the nature of those arrangernents ? Mr. WILSON said, it must be obvious to the right hen. baronet and to the House that it was a master of no small difficulty to arrange a service of such importance in a manner in which it should be carried. out perfectly satisfactory to the Government of this country, and to those colonies thaiv were so mnch interestea in it. (Hear, hear.) There had been so many trials and failures of former experiments that it was obviously necessary thai; the matter should be arranged not only in a manner that1 would give satisfaction at present, but that would insure permanence. The House was aware that after a great deal of consideration advertisements were issued for tenders, the object of which was to test all the different rontes by which Australia could be reached in tle shortest possible time. Afterpsstting out those adverd;isements offers were Teceived by the Government of such a natire as to silowv boththe Governmentathome, and the representatives of the colonists in this country interested in the subject, that; the only sure way of reaching Australia in a short time would be by the overland route to Suez down the Red Sea., to Point de Galle, ronnd Cape Louis to Melbourne. Well, after very considerable attention to the subject, the Addmiralty came to the conclusion that this was the best route, and they authorized the Treasury to advertise for tenders, and the Government had received four tenders for that ser. vice. He would shortly state the nature of them. One, Troposed to carry the mails for a comparatively small snu of money,but there was as regardedthattenderthisdisadvantage-that no vessels wereready, that at least 229 monthswonld elapse before the vessels could be ready, and three months more before they could be placed on the station. It therefore appeared to the Government that this tender could not be accepted. On the ground of delay alone they would not be justified in accepting it, as it involved a delay of 15 months. The next tender was of a siniilar nature. The amount was notrety large, but therx again the vessels were not ready, and a very long time mush expire before the service could be commenced. Under these circumstances the Government also felt justified in rejecting that offer. The third tender was put in by a very powerful company, competent to carry out the service, and having in their possession vessels sufficient in power andl sufflcient in number; but the company proposed this condition, that the Government should wait for an uncertain period before the commencement of the service and until those vessels were disengaged from the trancport service ia which theywere at present employed. That was a conclusive reason against accepting that tender. But there was, another reason-namely,thatthecompanyrefusedtobebound by the penalties,which were strict, and whic7h, on all occasions where there was a non-fulfilment of a Government contract, it was necescary should be imposed. Besides, it was; obvious that in a contract of this kind, affecting both this country and the colonies, whatever conditions were imposel must be imperatively adhered to by the home Government, who could not relax any condition in which the colonies were equaly concernedL Therefore, on two grounds the Government were obliged to reject this tender-first, becaufse the company were not in a position at once to commence the service; and, secondly, because they would no bind themselves by those penalties which were considered absolutely necessary to insure that the service should ba performed in a satisfactory manner. The fourth tender was the largest in amount by a considerable sam, but it comprehended the immediate commencement of the service by vessels recently built. (Hear, hear.) The company also took upon themselves the performance of theK contract under the penalties in full; they likewise proposed to commence the service at Southampton, though the conditions of the tender only required it to commence frora Snez. They would tak-e the mails and passangers direct. from Southampton to Austalia. That appeared to the Government to be a very important object; because, although. there was now a perfect postal establishmaent at Sez, yet a, late Indian mail might delay the Australian mail for a fort. night, and in that way many of the advantages wvhich the Government were anxious to secare wouldbe lost. Therefore though the amount of this tender was much larger than the other offers, yet, after a communication with his right hon. friend the Secretary for the Colonies, whom he on this occasion looked upon as representing those colonies, which had a. joint interest with this country in the arrangement, and would bear a considerable portion towards the expense of the service, he (Mr. Wilson) could not hesitate in consent. ing to pay a large sum of money in order to secure wlhat he 1 elieved to be great advantages to the Australian colonies. Be had maade strict inquiry as to the responsibility of th-e parties, snd nothing could be more satisfactory than the account he had received, not only as to their ability in point of capital, but also as to their knowledge, energy, and businesslike habits. (Hear.) The arrangement would be this:The frst vessel woud he ready for survey in the month of August, andwoulddeparton a voyage between Sonthampton and MTelbourne direct round the Cape with passengers. in October. That vessel would be ready in January to take up the service from Melbourne to Suez and back; another vessel would be despatched for Melbourne in 'ovember- a third in December, and a fourth in January. From Januay the service would be performed between Sues and Melbourne month}y without iuterrnption, backwards and forwards each month. The vessels would be of 2,200 tons burden, and not less than of 500-horse power. He thought everything haa. been done which money and invention cculd achieve ins order t accomplish the most rapid and regular communication between this country and the Australian colonies. (Hear, hear.) Sir J. IPAKINGTON considered the answer of the hon. gentleman as far as it went very satisfactory (bear, hear); but he wished to ask vhether the contract stipulated, with respect to tile size of the vessels, that none of them should bh less than 2,000 tons burden? (11ear.) He wag also anxious to know whether the contract contained any stipulation either with regard to 'he speed of the vessels per honr through the water, or wish regard to the uimmtainum of time to elapse in the voyage between Southampton and Melbourne? Mr. WILSON said that none of the vessels to be permnnently employed would be less than 2.2i0 tons burden. There were two of 1,800 tons, to be emiployed temporarily. He did not exactly remnember the time stipulated for the, passage, but he thought that the number of days was about. 50 from London to Australia. The penalty to be incurred for the non-perforinasce of the contract was, for the first day of its infringement, 506., and so increasing by XL. every day afterwards. Sir J. PAKINGTON.-How long is the contract entered into for? Mr. WILSON.-Five years. PAROCH1A.L SCHOOL3MASTERS (SCOTLANID) TESTS BILL. This bill was passed through committee, and reported to. the House, PAROCHIAL SCHOOLS (SCOTLAND) BILL. The House went into committee on this bill ; Mr. FiTcvzoy in the chair. Clauses I to S, with verbal amendmnents; were agreed to. On clause 9. Sir G. MONTGOMERY moved that, after the word 'thereof" in line 25, the rest of the clause bh left out, and the following words inserted:-"Who shall declare, when elected, that he is not of t,he cstablished chu rch of Scotland, shall not be required, as a condition of his admission to or enjoyent of the said offlce, to Eign before the presbytery of the bounds the formula of the church of Scotlend required by the 16th section of the 43l. George Hf., chap 64. but shall, in lieu thereof, snake the folloving dec]aration:-'1L A. B., do hereby decLare that I do sincerely ows n .and believe the wihole doctrine contained in the Confession of Faith approven by the General Assuonbliss of the National Church, and ratified by law in the yearlG190, and frequently confirmned by divers acts of Parliament sinee that timne to bethe truths of God, and I do solcmnnly and sincerely, in the presence of God, profess, testify, and declare, that as schoolmaster of-, in the discharge of the said office, I will not exercise the functions thereof to the prejudioe or subversion of the church of Scotland as by law established, or the doctrines and privileges thereof." The hon. baronet contended that the presbvtery had a rght to test the religious opinions of theschoolmasters They possessed that powver now, and it should be continued tothem. Mr. NISBET thought it absolutey necessary that some test for securing religious instruction should be establisksed. After a brief discussion, the LORD-ADVOCATE agreed that there ought to be aOMe Security that religions instruction would be imparte
PRINCE NAFO'oEoRN-His Imperial lighne3s Prince Napoleon and suite are at present on a tour up Dee Side. The Prince left Leith on Saturday in his yacht the Rsine Hortense, and landed at Peterhead on Sunday. He travelled thence by postchaise to Aberdeen, and proceeded thence to Balmoral and Braemar, where his Imperial Highness pursues some scientific inqmuries; he will then honour the Duke of Atholl with a visit at Blair Atholl, on his way to Inverness, where the yacht is in waiting to receive him, and proceed to Ireland. The Prince will then make a detour by Norway, and then return to France. M. ]BAnSr.-Anong the passengers by the Tagus, which arrived at Southampton on Tuesday night with the Peninsular mail, was the notorious French Red Republican, Ni. Barbes. More than half of the life of this man has been spent in prison, or in exile for political offences. He was sentenced to death in LouisPhiilippe@s time, and his life was spared at the intercession of the daughter of that Mlonarch. This fact became knowvn w.hen the private letters of Louis Philippe and his family worn published by the Provisional Grovernment. Barbe:s was againinprisonafter Louis Philippe'sabdication, and the present Emperor of France, hnving heard of some sentiment relative to the French army inthe Crimea, which xL Barbis had expressed, the prison doors were thrown open, and he was allowed to go at large. But the fiery Red Republican at first refused to move, and ultimatly went to Pars to proclaim his Republican creed, and to give the Emperor an opportunity of re-incarcerating him. Very recently xI Barbs has been driven out of Spain,- and has caused some amusement by solemnly declaringzhis regard for the Spanish people and his contempt for the Spanish Government. At one time h. Barbes was considered the handsomest man in France,butthesufferingsofimprisonment and exile have wrought great changes on him. Hle is atall, thin, very gentlemanly man, about 45 years of age, with a huge moustache and imperial, precisely like those of the Emperor of F?nce. 7i. Barbes was remarked on board the Tagus for his gentlemanly deportment and the mildness of his manners. He conversed on political matters freely, and no one would imagine him, from his conversation, to be a violent politician. He described himself on the alien list as a rentier of Lisbon, from which place he embarked on board the Tagus. He purposes going to Ostend.-Ecpress. Rxsrsumox OF AnrATED TrmEs.-The amnuial meeting of the Tithe Redemption Trust washeld, yesterday. The sermon was preached in St. Michael's Church, Strand, by the Rev. Dr. Wordsoworth, Canon of Westminster. The Right Hon. Lord John Manners, M.P., presided at the meeting, when the report of the association wasagroeed to. be printed for circulation, on a resolution moved by the rev. D. Wheeler, and seconded by the Rev. Mir. Davis. Resolution 2, advocating the circulation of the operations of the Trnst throughout the country, was moved by the Rev. W. W. movlet, and seconded by the Rev. J. S. Coles. TheRev. C. Milor recommended the bold assertion of theo principle of tithes, w,ith all its responsibilities in both their spirituha and temporal objects. The resolution was then carried. Resolution 3, thanking Dr. Wordsworth for his sermon, and requesting his permission for it to be published, was moved by Mr. C. Dingwrall, and seconded by the Rev. Dr. Irons. Firom the impression which the sermon had made this resolution was carried with the most marked satisfaction, and it is to be printed in a cheap fornm for its wider circulation. The thanl;s of the meetiog to the chairman was moved by Mr. Arthur Powell, and seconded by the Rev. Fuler Rlusells The report will in a few days be published, as usual, by Messrs. Rivington. Petitions to bath Houses of Parliament on the alienated tithes in the hands of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners lie for signature at the office of the Tithe Redemption Trust, N1o. 1, Adamstreet, Strand.
LONDOX, FRIDAY, JUXE 27, 1856. In the House of Lords yesterday, Lord CAnI'BELL moved the second reading of tlie Grand Juries Bill, the object of which, he said, was to change the mode of administering the oath to witnesses giving evidence before g,rand juries. At present they w ere all swvorn in a mob, as it were, in open court, whEich led to inconvenience by interrupting the business of the court, and the bill would enable the foreman of the g,rand jury to swvear each wiitness in their own chamber as he presented himself to give evidence. After a short discussion the bill was read a second time. Lord LnmuunT, in bringing r.p the report of the Select Committee on the Divorce andI Matrimonial Causes Bill, stated that the great object the committee had in -view was to obtain a sepa-rate tribunal for the decision of matrimonial causes, and they came to the conclusion that it ought to consist of the Lord Chancellor, the three Chief Justices of the courts of common law, and the Dean of the Arches. With such a tribunal, from which, in cases a vi,wido matrinownii, there would be an appeal to the House of Lords in matters of law but not of fact, he thought their lordships and the public ought to be satisfied. The Dean of the Arches would have the power to sit alone andl decide cases a meczsd et thoro, but an appeal would lie from him to the larger court. As to the alterations in the existing law, he added, the committee had unanimously decided that where a wife was separated from her husband a inensd et tVoro, in consequence of his misconduct, whatever property was acquired by her subsequent to the separation should be held for her own separate use. Theyalso proposed to give her the right of sueing in her own name for any wrong done to her while living apart from her husband, which was denied to her at present, unless with the husband's consent. Adverting to the action to recover damages in cases of adultery,which operated with the greatest hardship and injustice towards the wife, and was in that and other respects of the most scandalous character, he said he had proposed its abolition in the committee, but in that he was overruled. In other respects the committee had made a great step in advance and recommended. that the -wife should have a right of divorce in cases of adultery with cruelty, incestuous adultery, and bigamy. He still, however, adhered to the opinion that it was alike consistant with law, Scripture, and reason that, with respect to adultery, the wife should be put upon the same footing as the husband in all respects, and he meant to submit a motion at a subsequent stage of the bill with the view to elicit their lordships' opinion on the subject. The Marquis of LANSDOWNFE, as a member of the committee, bore testimony to the obligations inder which the country lay tothe LDRD-CnArfCzaLOR, who had introduced the bill, and to Lord Ln2,Dnvsr, who had taken a conspicuous part in the committee in perfecting it, for the exertions they had made to mitigate one of the direst evils wqith which in these days society in this country was afflieted. He had for years thought that in this country, which boasted of its civilization, the position occupied by woman was that which she might be expected to hold in the least civilized and most barbarous nation in the world. M1any as were the cases of great hardship towards women in thehigher wal-s of life, these were as nothing when compared withtheactsof injustice andatrocitywhich had been going on for years in this country among the lower classes. He pointed to the hardship of the existing Law, which empowered a -worthless and profligate husband to step in from time totinme and deprive the. wife, from -whom he was -separated, of the means she had earned for the support of herself and her children and he characterized as sheer mockery the notion of sending the wife of a labourer or a petty shopkeeper to a colurt of equity for redress in euch cases. Passing on to the action for criminal conver: sation, he said it had been his conviction through &
In thc debate on the order for going into committee on the Divorce Bill last night the most remarkable incident was the defence of a most indefensible state of things by the Bishop of OxFO%D. Every part of theEnglish law on this subject,the law itself, its working, the utter denial of divorce to the people at large, even in the most aggravated cases, the enormous license that results and excuses itself on this pretence, and the way in which every judicial and legislative institution in the country is dragged through the mud for the benefit of wealthy complainants and sinners, amount to a mass of scandal for which we could find no parallel in the law, institutions, and practice of any other cotmtry. This is what the Bishop of OXFORD undertakes to defend, and that on the ground not of Divine right, not of any stern but inscrutable decree of O0-MrIoMsNcE-this he surrenders,-but of expediency,-on the Statesman's plea. It is politic, it is wise, it is the lesser evil, it is a tender and paternal way of dealing with the little ones of the State, to deny divorce on any ground whatever. It is true there are certain texts in Scripture most emphatically aimed against those who control the liberty which GoD has given-who forbid to marry, who call that which is clean unclean, who tighten Christian liberty in any other way. It is true thatwe find, in fact, nothing so conducive to license as the imposition of rules which neither nature, nor reason, nor policy, nor religion will bear out. Yet the Bishop of O.XFORD appears to think that the right of divorce, confessedly from HEAVEN, is only to be purchased with money. HEAvEN, in its mercy, he thinks, has not irrevocably tied a man or a woman to an utterly degraded being, that has itself repudiated the tie, and become absolutely disqualified for society. But this mercyv, this grace, this justice of HEAvEN the Bishop of OXFORD considers to be properly restricted to those Christians who can command a balance of ready money to the amount of 2,0001. or thereaboouts; and he further considers that the proper channels of this Heavenly condescension are an action for damages in a civil -court, a suit at Doctors!-commons, a bill in Parliamenit, a trial before two committees, and the declaration of an absolute divorce by the act of the whole nation, represented in its Legislature. We must say this is the very boldest position ever taken up by a legislator or divine, or anybody who had a fragment of character at stake on his opinion. The ground universally taken up by the straitlaced, respectable, and rather pharisaical middle-class of this country, is that we are not at liberty to discuss the expediency of permitting divorce, inasmuch as OwmrorCE has utterly proscribed it. That thousands in every great city in this empire should live in a way which it is too shocking to describe is in the eyes of these righteous men only a tremendous disobedience, proving the necessity of the law. They read of a v,orld drowned in a flood, of cities burnt by fire from Heaven, and of nations exterminated, and they see no argument against anylaw or institution in any conceivable amount of corruption. That is the common view, and it is the view in which the British Parliament has proceeded hitherto in this matter. When Parliament has apparently departed from its own rules by granting a divorce by a special act it has not been because it thought divorce generaly permitted but in the exercise of that high dispensing power which all countries have held to exist somewhere or other, and which this country has vested in the Legislature. Acts of divorce with us are extraordinary, exceptional, and anomalous measures,above all law, avowedly incapable of justification, and requiring none. Though there hlav been hundreds of such acts, and no session passes without them, stiU Parliament has retained the doctrine that HrEAVEN had utterly forbidden a divorce so ettire as to allow tho divorced persons to marry again. This, then, is at least an, easy and intelligiblo ground. It represents the ALisioGnT as giving a command which a large proportion of mankind ha ye not the grace to obey, and which must not be set at noug.ht by human legislators on tho ground of that general disobedienco. Tho Bishop of OxronD takes a totally different ground. It is, that there is no suclh prohibition; that the ArMiGirY allows a considerable degree of latitude in this matter; that HE allows divorce, for oxample, where the breach of the marriage tie has made it impossible for husband and wife to continue together with pleasure, advantage, or honour. Only he thinks it the better, and higher, and more politio course to dramw the line closer, to forbid what HEA.VExN allows, and to throw stumblingblocks of man's invention in the way of those who are unfortunate in marriage. There are in this metropolis myriads of men and women who are living in what tho laws of GOD and man call adultery,-that is, forsaken by their wives or their husbands, and having, may be, utterly lost sight of them, they are cohabiting with other companions, not without many of the benefits proper to the matrimonial tie. They are not, however, satisfied with such a course, for they know it to be contrary to tho law; they are lowered in the eyes of their neighboutrs and their own children ; they consider themselves debarred from the services of the Chlurch and the consolations of their faith; and-what is more to the purpose-they do not, .and cannot possibly, hold such connexions so binding as marriage. Such is the state of the law, and tho consequent state of things, which tho Bishop of OxFORD defends, on groiuds not of Divine authority, but of expediency. This inexpediency,-so strongas to justifyhumau legislators in retaining marriages that are marriages no longer in the eyes of GOD or of man, and forbidding marriages though lawful by Holy Writ, and to all appearance natural and profitable,-the Bishop of OXFORtD places in the following di"lemma :-" We do not know," lie says, "whero to "draw the line, and how far to extend the benefit " of this confessed liberty. If we extend it to " one class it will be demanded by the next, " and so on. Thus we shall either have to " restrict it to classes whose liberty will be "envied by those who have it not, or, by extend"incg it to all classes, we shall necessarily create " a fearful and licentious facility of divorce." The Bishop takes into consideration what unforhtnately cannot be denied, that law, except for the puniishlment of offences, and certain other vudgar uses, is a costly privilege in this country. If a divorce cause is to be tried with delicacy, withl nice weighing of evidence, and correct application of the law, the proposed boon will not, in fact, be extended to the labouring classes, -that is, to the sort of men who, like Lord CArPBELI'S unfortunate bigamist, never had a thousand pence in their lives. it may be readily conceded to the Bishop that the liberty would be extended to alU classes, and that, on its being so extended, there would arise a necessity for deciding on applications for divorce in a very cheap and siumnary manner. In this class of causes and in the tribmials made for the purpose the Bishop apprehends that there would be a great spread of what he justly calls the monster evil, colhlsion. W"hen people wanted to separate they would soon manage it-so he thinks,-for they could easily make themselves bad enough for the purpose. Now, we are not at all sure it would be i npossible to prevent collusion. Tllere is not much collusion in our courts of justice, though there are occasions when it would be convenient. But, in our humble opinion, the objection is iunworthy of a prelate who more generally takes the higher than the lower ground. We still ask why is a man to be tied for life to a creature that is u-o longer a wife, or even a woman, and that to him has no existence at all, except in miserable recollections and some ulies in a registry ? lWhy is a man in that case who wants a help mect either for himself or his childlen to be denied it, when it is admitted, as the Bishop of OxForD does admit, HR&vx. permits it ? The only answer is that, owing to an imperfect administration of justice, it would be impossible to give this rightful liberty to a deserving applicant without lavishing it also on the undeserving and licentious rabble. We admit the difficulty, but not the argument. It is for our Legislature to liglhten the difficultv, but not impose a merely legal tie upon those whom HMAvmw has put asunder.
The slavery question is the great difficulty of the United States. This has been so long and so often said, the United States still keeping together and continuing to flourish, that people have got to doubt whether it is a difficulty. But, though the United States grow in wealth and population every year, this is not all that is wanted for the prosperity of a country. There shouild be something like peace and harmony among the members of a State. We say, something like it; complete harmony is, we are aware, impossible; but, if people cannot agree, they can at any rate agree to differ. But this is just the misfortune under which the United States labour. The slavery question is one on which people will not agree to differ. It is a question which appeals to the natural sense of justice and right and wrong, to the deepest instincts and the strongest feelings of the human mind. People are too serious about it and too much in earnest to be able to treat it as a nentral question. It excites their enthusiasm, and you cannot put down genuine natural enthusiasm. One-half of the population of the United States thinks the other half foes to humanity and monsters in human shape. The other half retorts by the epithets "fanatic," "'nigger-worshipper," " meddler," "fool," and does not always confine itself to epithets, as witness the late scene in the Senate-house at Washington. This is the price that the United States pay for their continuance of slavery. lNor can we say that it is a wholly unjust one. We know the serious obstacles to abolition, and we will not judge them harshly. Still, slavery, in this age, is a deep blot upon any country. However congenial it may have been with former states of society and of the human mnind, slavery is repugnant tothe enlightened moral sense; it has become in a later age of truth and knowledge a sin. We cannot think it right that one man should belong to another. It is against the light of reason as improved by Christianity. A nation, then, must expect to pay for setting itself against light, and harbouring the unclean thing. And this is the penalty-strife and hatred, every manus hand against his brother, the bludgeon, the bowieknife, and the rifle. As long as the world lasts people will fight for justice and truth, or what they think so. You may -talk to them about political 'necessity, but no doctrine of political necessity will reconcile people to what vitally infringes upon their sense of justice and right. If you will, then, have slavery you must fight for it. Human nature will not let you have it without fighting. You are, in fact, by your very position, in a state of siege. This is your punishment-a punishment which comes upon you not by any miracle or extraordinary interposition, but by the natural order of events. In these last remarks we have had in our eye the present tate of Kansas. The alavery quei tion, proying, as it does always, lilic a chiOfnito disease, upon thd body politic of the United States, has broken out just riw into a terrible sore and ulcer. Tho necwly formned State of Kansas, on the extremo West, which takes itg name from the river Kansas, one of the tributaries of the Mbiouri, was at its ilcorporation a free, or non-slavo, Statc. This is the tenderest question which attaches to the first incorporation of a State-" Shall it be a " free or a slavo State ?" Tho eastern border neighbours of Kansas, the peoplo of Missotui, took umbrage at the decision in the case of Kansas, and an armed force crossing the border took possessionof the Government,and, putting dowvn thoKan'ias Legislature, re-established the State on the basis of a slave State. The Kansas people resisted, and refused to submit to the jurisdiction of the new courts and officers. This state of confusion and anarchy continued six months, the United States, as MIr. CRITTENrDpN complained in tho Senate, quietly looking on, and waiting to see which side prevailed. At last President PIEroB, yielding to the urgent entreaties of his Soutlhern friends, and anxious to please tho slave States, sent down a UInited States force to compel submission to the new Governraent. And now a regular civil war begins, the Kansas people resisting the Federal forces. The New York journals give the newvs from Kansas as they would from any theatre of war, and we havo flaming headings, such as the following I'Tho Civil War in lansas.-Important, if trun.--The tovn of Beniard burnt by tho Free State Forces-From $12,000 to $15,000 worth of property destroyed-Rumoured Caphtre of Franklin by thiO Abolitionists-A BattleMarshal Donaldson and four men slain-Tho Atbolitionists driving inca, women, and children from thcir homes-Proclaniation from Governor Shannon." The " Lecoimpt0on Union, the Pro-slavery organ " at the seat of Government chosen for Kansas "last sunluner by the Border Ru3ffian Legislature at Sha-nee lfission!' (we quote a description of the journal and the established Kansas Lcgislature from a New York Anti-slavery paper)-thc Leccompt,on. Union7 heads the account of another capture thus:- II Lawrence taken 5 Glorious triumph of the Law and Order Party over fanaticism in Kansas.-Full Particulars. -The armed and determined resistance of the citizens of Lawrence to our laws, and the many offenecs against the officers who attempted to execute them, and the more recent developments in the committeo-room at that placo, forced the United States' Mlarshal on the 11th day of May, 1856, to issue tho following proclamation." Then follows the proclamation, whaiclh is succeeded by some lively military details from the Federal camip - " Tuesday, MLay 20, 1 o'Clock. "Here we are in camp; everything looks very warlike. Tho cavalry, iunibering some lS0, commanded by Colonel H. T. Titus, of this county, originally of Florida, are dash. ing over the hills at tho clear tones of their conmuander's voice; the infantry companies are beoig drilled by their different captains, and'cvery'oody is in the line, preparing for an engagement. But few have an idea of the feeling that possesses one at the martial notes of a dram and fife, or the clear, shrill tones of the bugle, sounding tho charge of 200 troopers. It is enough to make tho veriest coward a brave man, and the expiring soldier grasp again his sword. " This encampmnent consists of about 50 tents and upwards of 400 mcs. All have made up tlieir minds to fight desperately in case of resistance. Men never were more determinedly resolved and cager to meet the issue." Lawrence, with its Abolitionist garrison, capitulates to the Federal army, and the conquerors make good use of the victory:- "W'hen they agreed to surrender our men woro marched down in front of the town, and one cannon planted upon their own battlements. Over the largest piece, commanding the Emigrant Aid Hotel, was unfurled the stars and stripes, with this motto:- "'You Yank-ees tremble, "'And Abolitionists fall, "'Our motto is "'Southern rights to aIl;' "The cannon were then brought out and thrown down in front of our lines. During this time appeals were made to Sheriff Jones to save the Aid Society's Hotel. This news reached the company's ears, and was received with ono universal cry of 'INo! no! blow it up ! blow it up! We Will not injure private property, but our motto is, destruction to everything belonging to the Aid Society. The Court has declared it a nuisance, and we woil destroy it."' The victorious party anticipate some criticism on their public acts, but seem abundantly able to meet it:- " Before another week roUs round, no doubt the papers will be filled with vastly magnified reports, and the country distuxbed with ' loud shrieks for the cause of freedom' by abolition organs. This cry one anticipates, and will not be disappointed at the bloody picture their ready writers will paint, for their own purposes; but they are only a faction in the country, and have produced this state of things. It remains to be seen whether that portion of the North and East calling themselves conservative national men wil be led into excitement and extravagancies by their 'loud shrieks.") We omit details of houses sacked, " pillages "in whiclh no distinction of person is recog"nized," attacks on stores, and robberies of all kinds. The " Border Ruffians," which is the Anti-slavery party's name for the (le facto Government of Kansas, consider themselves all this time, supported as they are by the Federal forces, the administrators of United States' law, and treat the resisting party as rebels and traitors - " Governor Robinson is stil closely confined in Leavenvorth, under the guard of a captain of lickapoo Rangers. He is not aUowed to write any letters, and all that he recoives are examined before given to him. His wife wil have a room next to his, but will be kept under strict surveillance. The Missourians are confident in the opinion that Mr. Robinson will be condemned for treason and.hung. He has no sufficient guard to protect him against a mob." But such are the venom and fury which accompany the slavery question all over the Union that sonme persons rather hail the Kansas zow as a useful vent, and a convenient blister to draw off the noxious passions now diffused over the whole of American society to a distant and local scene of action. Our contemporary the Nciv York1 Herald, we doubt not, represents a considerable mass of opinion in this direction:- " Kansas is, and ought to be, an open question, and an open territory. Let everybody go there; the niggerdrivers with their niggers, the nigger-worshippers without, and, oneo there, let them fight it out thoroughly. They have no business to torment us here with the futile clamour of their petty squabbles. Let those who take an interest in the matter go thither at once. Let the governor of every gaolsendhis prisoners there; let atenthpart, at least, of our politicians join them; and let a good large squad of our political parsons accompany the expedition, with Henry Ward Beecher at its head, and Theodore Parker at its tail. At the same time let the South send the people it can best spare-its editors, for instance. Once there, let them fall on bravely and fight it out to the last; if there are any kIlled the conntry can bear it, and the nursing of the wounded, and the mourning for the brave dead, and the feeding the widows and orphans will usefully absorb the superfluous energy of the excitable portion of the people." Our contemporary sums up :-" It is natural "that the people of the Northern States should be "opposed to slavery, and that the people of the "Southern States should be in favour of it. But, " no civil war need necessarily flowv out of this " difference in opinion, as was nearly the case in "consequence of the imbecility and the wic7kedness "of PIERCE. The practical solution of the slavery "difficulty is in a free fight between the Northern "and Southern men of Kansas, -while the rest of "the country looks on."
This evening the question of a new site for the National Gallery is to be brought before the House of Commons. The debate can have but one legitimate result, namely, the appointment of a committee to take the whole subject into consideration. As yet, the subject has only been discussed in the most perfunctory manner. It is very trae that there was a Select Committee of the Rouse of Commons in 1853 on the National Gallery, and that this Committee did come to the conclusion that, on the wvhole, the Kensington-gore site vis tlle best. In adverting to this resolution lof tho Elect Colmmittee we remarked thlat it was only carrlea by one voice, and the piore I the point has been dis 6uld the mnore completely we are confulled in our previous conclusion. The Sccretary to the Royal Co,inissioners for the Exhibition of 1851 has endeavourod, not without some ingenuity, to throw a cloud ovel. the whole case by disregarding the plain fact that thb final resoluttion of the Committee, lvhich governs the vllole case, was carried but by a single voice. There is tii' plain and simple fact, as it will be found recorded in the report; it can neither be ignored nor evaded. The point, then, for the consideration of tho members of the Lower House this evenina is whether or no, npon thc strength of this singlc vote, they ean fairly come to the conclusioni that they are sufficiently informed to take a final resolution upon a subject of sUcIh iUmpOrtance to the metropolis and to the nation at large? We think not. WMe believe tbat in a matter of this kind, in whliich no political principle, no party feelilg is involved, the House will shlow a deference to the w%ishes of the inhabitants of the capital, and defer the ultimate decision until another session. MIoro than thlis we do not ask, and to this degree of consideration wo arc fairly entitlcd. The real history of this Kiensington-gore estate is not yet sufficiently ascertained nor understood by the public at large. It is no slight matter that we are ask;ed to transfer our national collection of pictures to a site wlichl has been devoted to the elaboration of the Pinr-cE CONSORT'S ideas. If it be mure space that is required, space is to be found in abundance elsewhere. If it be thoughlt right to remove the pictures to a distance from the smoke and atmospheric polutionl of Lonl doni, surely no one can deny that in ten years time the Gallery, if removed to Kensington-ore, vwill be as completely enshrouded in London smoke as though it were left where it stands, in tho present heart of the metropolis. No doubt to the inhabitants of Kensington and Drompton, and eveII to the dwellers in genteel Belgravia, it may be a convenience and a luxury that the picttiucs should be thus dropped down in the very midst of therm ; but there is really no reason why the other quarters of the tovn should be sacrificed to the delectation of these chosen districts. Why should the professional idlers be just the persons to whom is granited the privilege of visiting the National Gallery without trouble or inconvenience l A great deal too much importance has been attached by the courtiers to thc advantages whlich they attribuite to the concentration of all our galleries and coUections in one spot. WVhat great injury is inflicted upon a professional student by requiring him to walk half a mile or a mile from the buildtig in which the productiors of the ancient masters are contained to another in which ho may meet with detailed instructions in the arts of design ? No doubt, when first mentioned, it sounds like the expression of a magnificent idea to announce a plan for concentrating all olur muscums, libraries, galleries, and philosophical institutions within one encaintc; but, however much the unlities might bo preserved in this way, inconveniences, rather than benefit to the great body of the public, would be the unavoidable result of the realization of such a project. Aron cuivis-it is not given to everybody to leave his own rude affairs, and make a pilgrimage to the City of Art. WVhatever advantages, then, may be attributed to this project, it must bo perfectly clear that they are more than counteracted by the removal of the pictiures from a situation in which they may be visited for ten minutes at any hour of the day by the great mass of the public. If it should appear upon due investigation that the pictures are reaUy injured by the sulphurous exhalations with which our metropolitan atmosphere is charged, and that this injury is not to a great extent avoidable by prudent arranaement, then, no doubt, the pictures must be removed. Thc only question is, what is the situation in which we can combine the greatest amount of safety to the pictures with the utmost degree of convenience to the public, consistent with the circumstances of the case? In the present instance we take that situation to be the site of Kensington Palace. Kensington-gardens are approached on one side from Oxford-street, in continuation of Holborn. Then we have the Grand Junction-road, in continuation of the New and City Roads. *WVhcn we consider the tributaries to these main arteries, we find that they drain the northern and northeastemn portion of London. Of Kensington, Brompton, Belgravia, we need scarcely speak-thc most distant point in any of these is sufficiently close to the site proposed for tho convenience of the inhabitants. W"'e have the Kensington-road in continuation of Piccadilly, the Strand, Ileet-street; in short, an open communication between the southern and south-eastern districts of London and the site proposed in Kensington-gardens. The two great lines of road which we have indicated are continuously traversed by a stream of public conveyances. One would imagine that the fair inference from these data Mwould be the location of the gallery at a point equidistant from these two great highways. WVe have thus suggested a few of the considerations which, w%ithout further inquiry, would induce us to prefer Kensington-gardens to Kensingtongore as a site, if the pictures are to be removed at all from the centre of the town. The fact, however, is that the question is not ripe for discussion, and it would be much wiser to defer a decision for another year. The evidence is very conflicting as to the amount of injury inflicted upon the pictures by the air of London. The reports of the cu.stodes of the great continental galleries point much more to the sudden vicissitudes of temperature as the cause of injury than to the sulphuric ingredients contained in the London atmosphere. The alternate process of rapid contraction and expansion, caused by alternate cold and heat, upon the varnish soon permits al deleterious influences habitually present in the air to reach the surface of the picture, and injury follows as a matter of course. The damp exhalations of the human lungs condensed in large quantities upon the surface of the pictures must too, in the long i-on, be productive of much mischief, cracked and perforated as we know the varnish to be. Besides the mere moisture, we must consider the carbonic acid witli which in this case the moisture is charged. All these evils are, however, easily within control. Arrangement, ventilation, structures more adapted to the purpose, are resources which must instantly suggest them- selves to every mind. These, however, are points which are not yet sufficintlyunderstood by the great body of the public; wve therefore ask for time. It is clear enough that the conclusion involved in the bil to be brought this night before the Lower Houise was -only carried by one voice in the Conmmittee; and, moreover, that the very same Committee affirmed that a botter site could be foind in Kensington-gardens than at Kensingtongore; but certain difficulties stood in the way. AccInDm-" TO Tir Piuwaes RoYsA.-We are sorry to hear thab the Princess Royal has sustained some injury from an accident which occurred to her Royal Highness en Tlecday last. The Princess was engaged about mid. day in her boudoir, and was in the act of lighting a wasx taper when a spark ignitedthe sleeve of a gauze dres3 worn by her Royal Highness. The flame spread rapidly, and in an instant the whole sleeve from the wrist to the shoulder was in a blaze. Her Royal Highness manifested remarkable presence of mindunder the tryng-circumstances and succeeded in extinguishing the flames before they had communicated with the body of the dress. The Princess's arm was much burnt, and her Royal Highness has since been confined to the Palace, and was preventedi by this circumstance from accompanying the Queen to Grosvenlorhouse last evening.
LATEST INTELLIGENCE T I THE OVERLA'ND MAIL. Sy SfBEAUNE AND BRIMI TELEGRAMIL) We havo received the following telegraphic de. espatch from Triiste. ."TRIESTE, TtunsIDAv, JuNx 26. "The steamer Amezica arrived here to-day at 730 a.m. She left Alexculdria on the 20th of June. "' The India and China mails were to leave Alex, andria on the 21st, with advices from OClcutta to the 17th of May; Bombay, to the 27th of May; Hongkong, to the 10th of May; Shanghai, to the 2d of May; and Manilla, to the Gth of M3ay. " Public works in India are stopped. "The Santals are again unquiet. An instrTection is on foot near Vizagapatam. "Tho KCing of Oude had arrived at Calcutta. "Exchange at Bombay, 2 11. C Freights have risen. "The cotton-market was active. "Exchange at Calettta, 2-1 5. "Trade was quiet. "Sugar was held at high prices. "Saltpetre was in demand. "Freights were very low at Caleutta. "A band of rebels was approaching Foochow, 80 miles distant from Sbanghai. "Exchange at Canton, 4-10 ; at Shanghai, 6-8; at Mauilla, 4*7T. " Freights in China, 31. 10s. to 41."
IRELAND. (FRO1 OUR OWN COtESPONDrNT.) DUBLIN, TiHUltSDAY \MOMMING. TIIE TrPERARY DAXIN FRtAUDS. The Coiut of Conumon Pleas will give judg-ment in tho course of the ensuing weeek upon the plea set up upon the part of Mr. Keatinge, M.P., to escape the payment of his liabilities to the bank. This dccision is looked to with considerable anxiety, as involving questions of great inmportance to the shareholders. HARlVEST PROSPECTS. The last reports from the provinces are all that could be desired. Crops, including the potato, look -nost promising, and, as summer really commenced the day before yesterday, there is every prospect of a remunerative, though perhaps unusually late harvest. THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, for account, July 8, 944 New Throo per Cent. Stock, 94 1 7- ditto, for account, July 8, 94,; Hibernian Bank, 31 eC div.; Wicklow Copper Mie 28. Raih ays.-Cor- ad Bandon, 1O; Dublin and Wicklow. GA ; Drndalk and Enniskillen, 13; - Great Southern and Western, 544; Irish South-Eastern, for account, 5:' ; Ilidland Great Western and Royal Canal, 52;Ditto, half shares, 25 ° -; WVaterford andEilkenny, 42.
THE FRtACAS AT THE LEVEE.-AR unpleasant little accident happened in the circle of the Court yesterday -an accident not the less lamentable becanse it is laughable. A gentleman entered the Palace yesterday, for the purpose of being presented to the Queen; but his costumo did not conform to those exceedingly simple regulations which anybody can observe, and thero were sosne other irregularities in the case. The gentleman was asluAmerican. Thero has been every disposition to put a liberal construction upon the requirements of the Court when Americans have been in question, since it has been felt that the natives of the Transatlantic Republic have been placed under some difficulties by certain rules which their Government has thought fit to adopt, and any irregularity that did not force itself upon the notice would be passed over. But there were certain traits in the costume of the American gentlemant who was the hero of yesterday's adventure which were somewhat too obvious to be overlooked. The frockeoat might possibly be what it was represented to be, the uniform of some office in America, though it was not known to the authorities at St. James's Palace. The eye of criticism might also glide lightly over other portions of the gentleman's dress ; but the yelow vest would not suffer the eye to pass it, and the black necktie was of a kind to challenge attention where the regul1ation requires white neckeloths. It was absolutely necessary, therefore, that the Master of the Ceremonies shoufd inform the gentleman who then presented himself that hebhadnotyt conpletedhistoiletinamannertocorform to the rules for his admission. Al who imowthe Master of the Ceremonies will presume, and willpresumecorrectly, that this intimation was made with the utmost considerateness and courtesy. It appeared, however, to give much offence, which manifested itself in the indignant language of the American, and we fear we must allow in the indignant tone of his 'voice, the more remarkable from the subdued tones which are customary in that region. It is not for ns to pry into the resources of the car1eet-bag; but anybody would imagine that a retirement of in minutes msight have enabled. the visitor to amend his costume. The Republican, however, took, fire ; he would not give v:ay; he claimed admis. sionin his "uniform" as aright,and whenthat right wasnot acknowledged he inflicted upon St. James's the penalty of his retirement. So far the matter was a trifle. Persons have before attempted to force their way into the palace in costume not permitted by the regulations, and they have been prevented. Englishmen have been guilty of this foolery as well as Amercans. When men are obstructed in asserting their right to do something very silly they are always proportonately angry; and if a little loudness emanated from the annoyed gentleman it was neither wonderful nor unprecedented, nor to be remembered beyond the momant. The most unfortunate part of the matter is that the American li'inister identified himself with the ridiculous obtrusion on the parb of his countryman. We can well understand Mr. Dallas's difficulty. Every American in office is open to the claims of any " citizen" that chooses to obtrude himself; and men who have not firm nerves sometimes give avay before the assertion of these claims. By some unaccountable oversight, which we, of course, are not able to explain, this citizen had been suffered to accompany Mr. Dallas to St. James's Palace in a costnme which any diplo. matic person must have known to be inadmissible. Mr. Dallas and the excluded gentleman stood together in the ante-room; there was as is usual on such occasions some kind of discussion; the Minister no doubt felt vexed, dis- leased sorry that the thing should have happened; in the mrry he no doubt lost his self-possession for a momeni, and, instead of bidding his companion good bye, wfith a hint to dress better net time, Mlr. Dallas most unluckily chose the course of taking his own departure with the retiring countryman. It is net for us to point out to the American Minister the duties of his office towards Americans. The Master of the Ceremonies maintained the regulations yesterday, and there, we coneeive, the matter ends, so far as we are concerned. It did happen, however, that M{r. Dallas had a specific duty to perform that day. The name of a distinguished American gentleman had in dine course been submitted to the Lord Chamberlain for presentation to Her MIajesty, and we presume that that gentleman was ready to be presented. we are quite sure that Mr. DaLas could not intend any disrespect to Her Majesty in absenting himself at an honr when he had given reason to expect his presence; any consequence of that kind must have been forgotten by the hon. gentleman in the hurry of the moment; but his duty to his countryman unquestionably remained unperformed. Au American gentleman wms in attendance; he had every right to attention, and we are only saying what is a matter of course when we say that to that gentleman the highesb in the land would feel pleasure in showing the courtesy which awaited him; but the Mlinister who should have presented him was not at his post. There must have been great mismanagement somevwhere. The Republican who thought himself bound on political principle to wear a black neck-tie, and insisted, upon his "right" to enter the presence of the Queen, forgets of course that in every house the rights of the host are anterior to those of the guest, In his republican superiority be may look down upon the rules and ceremonies of Courts; but if so, -why was he at.Court9 What did he do there? Why did he seek to share in the ceremonies? We are not aware of any advantage that -would have resulted from his presantation, except to himself; or of any result from his name appearing in the list of the levee, ex;cept A tickling to republican vanity at the advertisement of having been in the presence of Royalty. There are Americans, indeed, who see higher advantages in the interchange of courtesies, but they are not persons who find an insuperable difficulty in obtaining possession of a white necktie, or - make the entrance to the morning call, in any house whatsoever, the scene of vulgar brawling. Onour side we have only to remark an inadvertence, which must be more deeply regretted by the gentleman who was guailty of it than by any one else; but we call scympathize with the indignant mortification of Americans at the conduct of the Yankree Dominie Sampson who undertook thus to represent the republic for the exclusive benefit of the caricaturist.-Globe. BE. S&nm oIBnnms sx GsrnEcn.-A circular of the Minister of the Interior of Greece to the local authorities, concerning a tour of 3r. Smith O'Brien in that country, and inserted in a letter from our correspondent at Paris, appeared in ThLC Times of the 26th inst. We are requested, on the best authority; to state that this circulas first published in the 'AG.evi, Greek paper, is not genuine, - and criminal prosecutions have been already resorted to for forgery. THE hInt MTIXDE-Ag manu is in custody atOtley, who is supposed to be one of the men-who committed. this crime. He ?S charged with having on Friday in last week dragged a young woman down a lane between flkley and Otley, and robbed her of 2s. Gd, all the money se bad in her possesseon. His name is George H'olmes, and he r,sides at Haulaworth, avillage'obetweenOtley and Bradford. He is aman of idle habits and bad repute. It is statezdthat his dress and personal appearance correspond with those of one of four men seen in the neighbaurheed of the Cow Pastures abeut the time of the muLrder. He stands remanded for examination before the Wet Riding iagi trates at Otley.
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE. [A. portion of the following appeared in our second edi. tion of yesterday:-] (FROst o01 OWN cOflREPOMNDEMC.l PARIS, WEDNESDAY, JUliE 2.5, 6 P.m. Private letters from Milan of the 21st mention that a movement on a large scale, indeed on the whole line of the Italian Peninsula, is in course of preparation. This movement is attributed to DIazziman agency, in order to anticipate another niovement of a more constituitionad character. The Nazzinian party fear, no doubt, that Italy will be taken out of their hands, if the moderate leaders; iwho look up to Sardinia for the liberation of their cotuetry, act before them; and they seem determined to strike a blow at once in their usual fashion. Copies of incendiary proclamations, exciting to pillage aind assassination, are circulated througlout Italy. Letters from Naples describe theKingr as more determiined each day to decline the counsels of the Vestern Powers, and refuse the reforms demanded fro hinas theoonlychance of saving his States from violent commuotion. He has become more morose and less communicative, and will not listen to any adv-ice. He flattels himself, however, that he will be able to resist what he terms " the oppression of the Vestern Powers" with the help of the Lazzaroni, in whose fideEty he has every confidence. From Spain we learn that disturbances took place the day before yesterday at Valladolid anid Valencia, two poinits very distant from each other. Thetroop3 were called out and did their duty. Tranquillity, one despatch says, is re-established, but another despatch would throw some doubt on that fact. The pretext for the disturbances was the dearness of provisions, but it is suspected that they had something of a Socialist character. Another despatch mentions that a demonstration having been anticipated at Seville of a Carlist character, the procession in honour of the Immaculate Conception was prohibited, and the authorities required the clergy to remain lwithin the churches. From 40 to 50 of the Poles resident in Paris have availed tlhenmselves of the amnesty granted by the Emperor of Russia, and resolved to return to their country. The party which acknowledges Prince Czartorysli for its head protests against this act; and the uilitary party, which recognizes General Rybinaki as its leader, is said to abstain completely from any declaration of opinion. The Bishop of Arras has just issued a pastoral letter on the present position of the Roman States. The Bishol) lately paid a visit to the Eternal City for several reasons, the principal of which was "to study on the spot itself the social question, and to render an account of that situation, which has been so decried;" and the present letter contains the result of his examination and his study. The venerable Prelate is an optim.ist of the first class; he thinks the administration of Rome excellent, and the people of the Roman States contented and happy. Anything that has been said to the contrary is of course false:- " The attacks (made against the Papal Government) are unjust, and the reproaches false, and those who permit themselves to utter them, when they are not the unreflecting echoes of malevolence, which is, for the most part, the case, are either blinled by prejudice or deceived by appearances which they do not explain to themselves." Whenr the Bishop of Arras assumes that all others ' labour under prejudices it is to be presumued that he considers himself conmpletely free from any bias u-hatever, and that he is a perfectly inipartial judge. ie says, en pass;a t as it were, that " The Holy Father has deigned to confer on us the distinguished honour of wearing, the pallizinz, and very recently His Holiness raised our Cathedral Church to the rank of a minor Basilica, and decorated the members of our venerable chapter vwith a cross which exalts the dignity of their choir costumie." The paWma is considered a distinguished honour accorded to Bishops only as a mark of particular favour, and sent to Archbishops on their investiture. The B-shop of Aaras is naturally very proud of the honour of the .po.litt71, butthe prejudiced people of lwhom he speaks so severely may sutspect that it ,7;alio;teS in his eyes anythling he may have seen w-ortlhy of censure. Be thlis as it may, his description of the Roman people at the present day is curious from the conitrast it presents to almost all otlier accounits. The Prelate says,- "' The people of Rome is certainly one of the happiest in the wiole world. U'nder the calm and mild hanid of the Govermnent, whose only reproach is its beiug too paternal, and while everywhere else the minds of. mes are lowered and materialized, Rome continues to cultivate literature and the arts with a serenity, an application, ard a success which would be im.possble with out the well-being of each and the security of all. A stranger to the factitious wants of modern societies, prudent and temperate in the real necessities of life, the people of Rome is always the same, because it is satisfied with its condition; and, in spite of the influence (elsewhere i-resisbihle) of the numerous rich, powerful, and seduLctive strangers who Nvisit the Holy City, they make no changes in the frugality of their meals, nor in the simplicity of their dress, nor in the moderation of their desires, nor the ancient uniformity of their usages. Rome has relatively less poor than we have, and its poor are incomparably less wretched than ours, because it relieves them otherwise Whatever he said of our times, the Roman peopleprefer fiee charity to official beneficence; they tolerate mendicity, and even honour it; but they have nothing to fear from pauperism-they do not even suspect it. At Rome no poor person imagines that he has any right to assist. ance. Ti:e poor man asks it always with gentleness; he insists on it sometimes, but he always shows himself grateful for the little he receives, and he is sure of always receiving as much as he wants, because he has faith it HiEm who feeds the little birds, and who decks the liles of the field. At Rome private, taste is very simple and very ituited; but the publc taste is grand, generous, and splendid and it is that which in all ages has marked the elevated character of nations. Complaints are sometimes heard that a certain personal ease is not found. Alas! we ought rather to complain of the false necessities we make for ourselves. The Roman people have not them, because their life is rather public than private. For themselves they have always enough; for their fetes, monuments, and above all their temples, never too much. Far from being envious of the magnificence of their princes and their palaces, of the officia7 dignity of their cardinals and their equipages, the majestic and more than regal pomp whica surrounds their Sovereign Pontiff, they are, on the contrary, happy and proud of it; and if the slightest retrenchment is made in it they complain loudly, because or. the one hand they have the profound sentiment of social hierarchy, and on the other they regard all that magdificence as their own property, and al that pomp as their glory. It is no doubt some remnant of the People-King. but purified from the ferodous hardness of pagan pride, and modified by the gentlaness, the humility, and the self-denial of the Gospel, and the holy meditations of their eternal sal. vation. In spite of the constant intermixture of so many unbelieving travellers, of the perversoinduence of so manyimpious conspirators, of the work of revolutions, alss ! and the mnomentarytriumplhs of anarchy, the Roman people have re 3mained atbottom profoundly Catholic. Itistrue thatthede. monstrations of faith, by reason of the liveliness of their temperament, are sometimes kept downwith difficulty bythe serious character, no doubt very respectable, of our religious habits; it is not less certain that the ideas of the supernatural order, so rare in our day among us in the commerce of life, reign at Rome instinctively and as if naturally everywhere. They are expressed not only in acts of popular devotion, and in the spontaneous oblations for the magnificence of Divine w.orship, but they for n part of public manners, as of private life; they enter incessantly into all conversations, familiar and profane, and they are there as if in their own domain; they rise to the' surface with all their energy in the overflow of the passions, and, as they are never contested, theypreserveremorse andleadtorepentance. lnuaword, theylive inthe interior of families, where theyare honaouredasin a sanctuary, and when misery has introduced into them a certain degradation they render even then as frequent and almost habitual heroic sentiments and sublime wotd, It is u tterly to destroy thIssexquisitie happiness of the emanpeopeoEle, and thelove theyb otheir Governmnent, that the 'Ene wies of God'-that Is, all those who desire to sec the adsaitmtio,a refonrmed -are at work; they wish to overrewthPop e Pa a Sovereign, in the hope of tying up i hs atrrs as a pastor." It does not seemn to have occurred to the Bishop Of Arras that where such happnines exists, where the ;eople are consscous of the ,happiness they enjoy -under the benign and paternal governre6nt to which they are so strongly attached; there can be no necessity for foreign occupation. Th e presence of one armay in the capital and of another ill the States only serves to interrupt the entthusiasti c love felt b'y thee whoe oma e ora pleforplei ,frut,eirsth rue3hpiestpp peple,cordng tord to h3sEmence, that is tobeffound int the wfhole wvorld!! The following is the c7pos dus d,esmoti of the bill jLlst presented to the Legislative Body forgraating OGO,OOOf. to the daughters of the late King Louia I Philippe "Gentlemen,-The Prince President of the RepubUc, then invested with fuU legislative power, issued a decree on the 22d January, 1832, which, based on the old public right of France, brought back to the domain of the State the property comprised in the donation made on the 7th Auga3t, 1830,byKingLonisPhilippe tohischildrmn. Tbisdecree, con. finned by a second one of the 27th March, 1852, received its complete andregular execution. Tho Administration of Do. mains took definitive possession of the property and estates comprised in the donation, and has sold a part Of them. Bat that which State reasons have prescribed, and which ha3 been authorized by the ancient rules of the monarchy, has appeared to the Emperor to be capable of modification as regards the three Princesses, daughters of Khi.g L3uis Philippe ; these three princesses stand in the nuinber of tho children of the King in the deed of 7th August. At a later period the advantages resulting to them from that donation constituted a marriage portion; and the marriage portion of a princess who quits her country to enter a foreign family may be considered as one of the conditions which determined the marriage. On the other hand; the treaty of Paris of the 30th of March has just happily restored peace between the great Powern of Europe, and this treaty is doubtless calculated to reopen, and even to create, relations of friendship between the Sovereign houses of Europe. 'Under these circumstances, the Emperor has determined to adopt, with regard to the three Princesses, daughters of King Louis Philippe, a measure which the international character of their matrimonial conventions and the present state of our relations in Europe permnit to the equityand good feeling of IsisGovernTment. In order to realize this idea the Emperor has ordered me to submnit for your sanction the following biUl: - " ' Only Article.-The M1inister of Finance is authorized to inscribe on the GrantlLivrc of the publc debt, with interest from the 22d June, 15M, Threo per Cent. Stocks for the foUowing sums:-200,000f. in the name of the heirs of the Qaeen of the Belgians; 200,000f. in the name of the Duchess of Saxe-Coburg Gotha ; and 200,000f. in the name of the heirs of the Duchess of Wurtreberg."' The bill which the French Government has just presented to the Legislative Body to effect certaisi modifications in the measure previously brought forward to withdraw the prohibitions inscribed in the French customs tariff concerns the following products :-For woven cotton goods (other than nankeen), the 35 per cent. ad valoreci duty to be ehanged into specific duties, to be fixed by the Consu-ltative Conimittee of Arts and MbIanuifactures, by a decree rendered in the form of a regulation of public administration. For woven woollen goods, the 30 percent. ad valorem dluty to be converted into specific duties as above. For ready-made articles of wearing apparel, 40 per cent.-ad valoresss duty. Under the head of " Chymicalproductions not classified" it isdeclared that products resulting either directly or indirectly from the decomposition of salt will payinadditioin the duty to which manufactured salts are subjected, in virtuse of the decree of the 17th Marchl, 1852. The new duties thus proposed will, it is thought, appear amiply protective to those branches of industry which employ the various raw materials taxed. Another bill which has just been presented to the Legislative Body, relative to the peusions to be accorded to the great finctionaries of the empire, declares that there may be granted by Imperial decree to the Ministers and other high functionaries, and to their widows and chiildren, a pension, the maximuxt. of which cannot esxceed 20,000f. a-year, wlien by eminent services to the State these fisactionaries shall have melited an extraordinary recompense, and when the insufficiency of their fortine renders such a pension necessary. These penisions cannot in any case be cumulated with other moneys or salaries coming frosn the State, and the amount of the pensions granted in virtue of the new regulation cannot exceed 500,COOf. The Emnperor is said to have expressed his dissatisfaction at the delay that has taken place in tlle winding-uip of the affairs of his new Ambassador to St. Petersburg, M. de lorny. The following letter, sent by the Emperor to Al. Ponsard, the author of a comedy lately played with much success at the Odeon Theatre, entitled La Bourse, is believed to be really a reply to the address of certain well-known persons about the Court:- " Palace of St. Cloud, June 15. *-Bonsieur,-You thought it advisable after the first representation of La Borsec to withdraw from the congratulations of the public and from mine. The presentation of a copy of your new work ihow gives me an opportunity of congratulating you, which I do most willingly, for I have been roalUy happy to hear you denounce and oppose, with all the authority of your talent, and under the inspiration of the most noble sentinments, the deplorable mania of the day. I shall therefore peruse your piece withthesame pleasare that I experienced at its first performance. Persevere, Monsieur, in that path of amorality to which your success binds you, but wlhich is, perhaps, too rarely followed on the stage, though it is worthy of authors destined, like yourself, to enjoy a great reputation. "Believe in aU my kind wishes. " 'lAPOl EON.." Yesterday morning the Cardinal Legate, with his suite, and accompanied by MI. Feuillet de Conches, Master of the Ceremonies to the Emperor, went to the church of St. Etienne dti Alont to celebrate a low mass at the tomb of St. G6n6viive. His Eminence folnd waiting for him inthechurch the Cardinal-Archbishops of Rheims and Bordeaux, and the Bishops of Carcassonne and Moestreal. During the mass the choristers sang with great precision the T1 es Pctrus, the 0 Fons Pietctis of Haydn, and the Are Maria of Cherubmii. The vwhole concluded with a Te Deuon, thie Legate giving the pontifical benediction. His Eminence then left the church, about half-past U, for that of St. Severin. The Legate wvas received there by the Abbe Hanicle, cure of the parish. After a short speech, his Enminence, walkini under a spiendid canopy, entered the church, and was conducted in procession, first to the anicient Chapel of the Holy Conception, erected in 1311, and afterwards to that of the Archeconfrerie of the Immaculate Virgin de la Sainte Esp6rance, instituted by Pope Pius IN:. The Cardinal afterwards went to the altar, where he gave to the persons present indulgence for 300days and the pontifical benediction. HRis Eminence afterwvards wvent into the garden of the curS, and gave his benediction to the children, who liad jtst received their first commninion, and to the representatives of different religious establishments. On his return to the Tuileries the Cardinal received the Canons of the Imperial Chapter of St. Denis. The International Commission for the opening of the canal across the Isthmus of Suez met again to-day. The minutesof itsproceedings have not yet been made public, but we have reason to ;now that the propositions of the commission which lately repaired to Egypt have been approved by the general commission. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 75c. for the end of the month; and the New Loan at 170f. SOc.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,365f.; Great Northern, 1,122f. SOc.; Strasburg, 932f. 50c.; New Shares, 855f..; Paris and Lyons, 1,470f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, L680f. ; Western of France, 923f. 75c. ; 'Bordeau and Cette, 7SOF.; Great Central of France, 645f. ; Lyons and Geneva, 792f. 50c.; Bank of Crddit MIobilier, 1,5SOf.; Austrian Railways, 5Sof.- (Your 5 uGueafeue-Pnr June 215.-Cash Prce&Four-and-a-Half per Cents., not reimnbursable for 10 years, 92f.; Foulr per Cents., 82fl Three jer Cents., 70f. 715c. 60c. 65e. 50c.; ditto second Lon of lSaa (60 per cent, paid), 70E. 515c. eloc.; ditto Certificates (60 Per cent. paid), 70f. 55e. Oe. ; Bank of Prance, 3,915f.; Credit Foncier, 692f. 50c.;Prom. Obliontions of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 930f. 'Credit MobiYier, 1,550f., Discoant Bank, 676f. 6SOf.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 99f.;* ditto Three per Cents., 5Sf.; wAutrian Five per Cents., 89 85A 88 Belgian Four-and-aLEif per Cents., 9Th; Romans,8S4&'S5; Spanish Deferred Converted Debt, 25i; ditto Three per Cents., 46;* ditto Interior Debt, 41. Exhane on london. at sinoht. aaer 2af. 32ic. ; money, 2Sf 30c., three months, monoy,2af: 2ic. * ~~~~~~PRUSSIA ; (FROM OUR OWIV -oRESPONDXN'T.) BERLIN, JuNE 24. A private letter from Vienna, fron a perfectly reliable source, informs me that Baron Bruck is nowr occupied with the elaboration of a plan by which the whole Austrian national debt shall be converted into one uniform paper, bearing 5 per cent. interest, the nominal value in each case being adjusted to meet the change that takes place in the rate of interest. Thus. in the place of 1,000 gulden at 24 per cent. there will be issued scrip for 500 guldenat 5 per cent. The subsequent process to which the able financier proposes to subject the Austrian debt when once so uniformly consolidated is the reduction of the rato of interest from 5 to 4 per cent. Count C-eorge Esterhazy, the Austrian inuster at this Court, died this morning, after a very protracted and severe illness. Not long back he underwFent avery painful operation, which removeda large quantity of flud from the region of the heart, d hopes were subsequently entertained of his eveutual recovery. The abnormal state of the parti next to the heart was of such a nature as to thrust the heart over to the right side, where it could be clearly felt to beat. The King and Queen will proceed to M$at-lenbad, for the benefit of tho wvaters, on the 30th inst. In speaking of the Berlin races, the other day, I omitted to mention a little circumstance that has excited no little surprise and displeasure here. Herr von Rochow, who shot the late President of Police, Von Hinkeldey, in a duel, and is now under condemnation to five years' confinement in a fortress, was not only presenit at Carlshorst on the occasion of the race on the 19th inst., but was introduced by the Vice-President of the Herrenhaus, Count Stolberg, to tlle present President of Police, Herr von Zedlitz. Fronm the manner in which the latter received the introduction thus tlrmst upon him it was evident that it was neither foreseen nor welcome. Herr von Rochow has not yet entered upon the term of imprisonmont to which he was sentenced by tlhe Court-martial, apparently from the circumstance of the King not having formally confirmed the sentence; there is, however, no chance of its not beinga confirmed by His Majesty, as the Auditor-General has already revievwed the evidence given before, and the sentence passed by, the Coiurtmartial, and reconmmended it to the King for confirmation. On the 18th inst., the anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo, or, as the Prussians more properly call it with reference to the share they had in the day's achievemiients, the Victory of La Belle Alliance, the statues of Bluchcr, Bulow, and SlharnhorAt, Uinter den Linden, were not this year decorated as usual with garlands and festoons. WVhether this arose from wanit of zeal in the private individuals who have hitherto performed this patriotic labour at their own expense, or whether it has been put a stop to by the authorities, in compliment to the improved state of feeling nlow reigning hero towvards France, has not been made evident in any way. ITALY. A letter from Rome in the .Bisorgisacento of Turin, says:- " A subjcription had been opened at Rome to striko and present a medal to Count Cavour, to testify the gratitude of the Romans for the dignified and energetic manner in which he maintained the cause of Italy at the Congress of Plaris. The subscription list was soon filled up, counting among the names many of the Roman nobles. " Adeputation of the subscribers w-aited upon the Marquis MIigliorati, the Sardinian Charg6 d'Affaires at Rome, requesting him to forward to Count Cavour the medal and the address which accompanied it. The Marquis received the deputation with great courtesy, thanked it in the name of Count Cavour, and promised to forward tho precious token to him. "Tho following is the address "'Excellency,-When, by signing a treaty, Piedmont joined the western alliance, through your care, we felt internally convinced that so bold a step was commanded by high considerations, and we hoped that it would prove of service to Italy, for we knoew you had the welfare of Italy at heart. " CWe folowed with anxious affection the movements of the Piedmontese army in the Crimea, and when, bravely fighting, they covered themselves and the flag of Italy with glory, our hearts leaped w%ith joy, and we felt proud of the praise lavished on those brave men because they were Italians. Then, when, in virtue of a right acquired at the price of blood, you took your seat among those who had te decide the destinies of Europe, you knew worthily how to represent not only Piedmont but the whole nation; and, for the first time in a Congress of the Powers, you brought ferward the sacred name of Italy, loudly protest. inig in favour of her rights trodden under foot. " ' Rome, Kwhich has faith in the initiative of Piedmon' for the regeneration of Italy, applauded the efforts made in favour of the common country, and, feeling worthy to aspire to a civil goveia.nent which by character, form, and po litical reasons is adapted to the whole country, it breathes the prayer that the meanis pointed out by diplomatic fore. sight may hasten the accomplishment of the desires of the citizens of Italy. "' As a lasting mark of this glorious initiative, Rome sends you a medal, to hand down your energetic action to posterity. Accept it, not as a reward equal to your merit, but as a mark of our gratitude. " ' THIE ROMkLNS. "'Rome, June 13, 1856.' "The medal, which is of gold, of large dimensions, has on one side the effigy of Connt Cavour, and on the other the following inscription-' For the defence of the oppressed Italian populations, undertaken at the Congress of Paris of 1856, grateful Rome."' A letter from Naples, dated the 14th inst., says:- "It is but just to SignorBianchini, the head of the Nea. politan police, to state that he does wvhat lie can to curb the evil ways of the poEce agents. He is, consequently, the objcect of their intense hatred and abuse. It was only recently that he threw up his place in disgust. The reason of his resignation arose from the following circumstances:A police agent of the name of Cioffi, one of Campagna's satellites, wrote from Lecce, where he is appointed commissary of pollce, to Signor Bianchini, informing him that the whole province was in a dreadful state of feverish excite. ment, and that conspirators abounded in most of the leading families, and that an outbreak was imminent unless energetic measures were immediately adopted. He requested the authority to arrest some 400 persons. " Startled by such a statement, but not quite trasting it Bianchini communicated the whole report to the Bishop of Lecce, enclosing a list of the conspirators as drawn up by Cioffi, and requesting him to give his opinion on the subject. The Bishop, who has presided over his flock for more than 40 y-ears, a venerable prelate of more than S0 years of age, endowed with every Christian virtue, and beloved by the people, replied that the accusations of Cioffi vere infamous calimnies, aind he entreated Signor Bianchini not to graut the auntiority solicited. Eereupon Bianchini wrote to Cioffi, refiising compliance, and teling him where ho had derived his counter-information. 'Nothing daunted, the agent sent in a report to the King, adding thereto that the Bishop was idiotic from old age, and unfit for his post; that, moreover, he was a Liberal, and not worthy of confidence. The King, greatly alarmed on the receipt of Cioffi's report, and believing every wvord of it, ordered the Bishop, despite his age and dignity, to come forthwith to Nlaples. "The Bishop, amid the tears of his congregations, left ,ecce under an escort of Gendarmes, and arrived at Naples about a fortnight since. Immediately after his arrival he had ar. interview with the King at Capua, when he spoke in suach earnest and feeling languiage to His Majesty that the hltter throw himself at his feet, and expressed his regret at having taken him away from his see, and asked his benediction for himself and children. " Thus terminated the affair between the King and the Bishop. "Signor Bianchini was not, however, satisfied, and in the name of moranty and justice asked for the immediate dismissal of ths police agent. The King, however, hesitated to do this, and thereupon Bisnehini tendered his resignation. "This incident will give you a very correct idea of the character of the King. A bigot almost to superstition,accompanying processions and attending holy ceremonies, kneeling before altars and the image of St. Januarius, assoon as he is in fear that his absolute power runs any risk he is inexorable in the measures against either the clergy orthe simplest citizen,"
TO TilE EDITOR OF THE TIMtES. Sir,-The scandalous treatment of our Australian coloniesby Lord Palmerston's Government, with respect to the mail communication, will never be forgotten by them, or by the merchants enkaged in the Australian trade here. We are now, on the 2Gth of June, 1850, without answers to our letters sent by the nmail ship of Decemaber 20, 1855. Our last letter by the Marco Polo says, " We have no news from England since the arrival of the Marco Polo. There are three mails overdue. The uncertain commumication with England quite puts a stop to trade and makes things look gloomy." It is impossible to describe the bitter feelihn with regard to this matter entertained by all connecte4 with the Australian trade. Yours respectfully. - A SUJFF11ER*.
SUPPLY VoTEs.-The total amount voted lasa year for army services was 18,789,5321.,against S,810,0591. iu 184i; the amount for the navy, 19,379,0131., against 12,S74,5051. in 1854, besides supplemental votes to the extent of 2,015,2031. ; and the amount for the ordnanca. 10 047,1031,. againut 4,583,701l. in 1854. Then there was 3,400,0001. for a vote of credit for war with Russia, 6,506,0621. for civil service (besides a supplemental vote of; 184,400l.); and 4,3&5,9511. for the Revenue Dapartmnents. This -made a grad total IIsupply vote of 64,307,2641.. against 39,785,1001.i 1854 T clivil service votes in-- cluded 746,7601. for works and buildings; 1,*l15,301. fori salaries of public departments; 2,245,2871. for law and justice; 831,6701. for education, science, and art; 328,344i' for consular and colonial services; 218,3421. for charities' and superannuations; aud 704,9691. for miscellaneous Ur oses Class 8 includes 3001. as a compensation to Dri iuthwoomd Sth, and 15,000l. for the museum at Ken. sington-gore.
THE RE,LATIONS OF GREAT BRITAIN WYITH THE UNITED STATES. We have been favoured with copies of tho " farther correspondence" on the subject of the Enlistment and the Central American questions. The followin-despatch on the former subject wvaswritten by Mr. &ampton. after his arrival in London, and may bo regarded as his last pontribution on tho affairs of the United States - "MR. CIeIEPTO TO TIM EARL or CnENumDON. " London, June 19, 1856. "MIy Lord,-In'complianco with your Lordship's desire, I proceed to submit to you a few observations in regard to some of the statements made by the United States' Govern. ment, in 'a despatch dated Miay 27, addressed to Mlr. Dallas, being the reply o f that Government to your Lordship's note to Mr. Dallas, of the 30th of April last, u pon the subj ect of alleged recruitments for Her Majesty's service in the finited "This I was unable to do at an earlier period, from the fact that no copy of Mr. harcy's despatch and its accompanying documents was communicated to me by tho United States' Govemnnent, with Mr. Marcy's note to me of the 28th nit., by which I was informed that, for reasons that wvould be explained to HIer Majesty's G}overnment, tho President of the United States bad come to tho determination to discontinue his official intercourse with me as Her Majesty's representative. " I would also remark that Mr. Marcy's note was not delivered to me in tinse to enable me to make even tho fact of my having received it known to your Lordship until ny recent arrival in this country. " It is with unfeigned satisfaction that I observo, from Mr. Marcy's despatch, that the United States' Government now expresses itself satisfied vith tho assurances contained in your Lordship's despatch to Mr. Dallas, and that the charge of having violated the municipal laws of the United States, as well as tho general principles of international law, by recruiting withinl the territory of the United States, is no longer urged against 11cr Majesty's Government as a cause of compl.aint. " Such being the satisfactory result of Lr. Mlarcy's last communication, it becomes a matter of secondaryiimportance to deteismine in how far tho acts and intentions of the individual officers of Her Majesty's Governnment, who aro still the objects of the censuro of the Government of the United States, may have been misjudged or misrepresonted. A tacit admission of thi justice of such a censure would, no doubt, conveniently dispose of tlio wlhole question as between the two nations, while a continuance of the discnssion would tend to prolong or to revive feeling- of national irritation, which it is most desirable to avoid. "I am not surprised, therefore, although Iam deeply pained to observe, that many persons, even an this country, are disposed to adopt, with more or less of qualification, the unfavourable views put forward by the United States' Government. in regard to the conduct of Hler Majesty's Consulsl at New York, Philadelphia, and Cincinnati, and of myself, by which the whole of the responsibility for the misunderstanding which has unfortunately arisen between tho two Govermnents has been thrownsupon us, and that without waiting for any comments or reply on our part to this imputation, and, in general, without the least reference to the statements which we have already made in reply to previous imputations of the same nature. .' I do not apprehend, however, that it would be a matter of indifference to Her Majesty's Government that the humiiblest individual in Her Majesty's service should suffer injustice, come from what quarter it may; nor do I imagmie that, even supposing that some errors of judgment or miscalculation of events should be justly laid to their charge, Her Majesty's Government, or any considerate or unprejudiced person in this country, would be disposed to impute more, though they might not * feel justified in imputing less of blame than the occasion called for. " It is under this impression that I venture to offer afew remarlks to your Lordslip, in regard to the personal censure -which the United States Government have now thought it expedient to pass upon Her* Majesty's Consuls and myself, with referenrce to th6 part which we have taken in furthering the vishcs of Her Majesty's Government, by procuring from the United States the aid of such persons as, under the provisions of the Foreign Enlistment Act, were wvlling and desirous to serve under the standard of Great Britain in the then eXxisting w.ar against Russia. ' " The principle w hich Mr. Marcy persists in applying to the acts ofrer Majesty's agents, though he has abandoned it as a ground for comuplaint against Her MSajesty's Government, is to be found stated in Mr. Marcy's despatch of December 28, and is to this effect:- I'IThis Goveranment maintains that in every instance whiere a person, whether a citizen or a foreigner, has been brought to the deternmination to leave the country for the purpose of entering into a foreign service as a soldier or sailor, by any inducements offered by recruiting agents here, tIme law of the United States has been violated. " ' There certainly can be no doubt of the violation of the law of the 'United States in every case where one party -the recruit-has been induced by the terms offered to him actuaUy to leave the United States for the purpose of entering into foreign military service, and the other party has furnisbed the niean' and borne the expense of talrng him to a foreign depot in the expectation that he would consunimate the act by an enlistment.' " Now, my Lord, I submit that this principle canmot be reconciled with those maintained by Her Mfajesty's Governnicnt, and that if Mr. Marcy is content to waive, if not abandon, his view of the matter, so far as Her Majesty's Governmnent is concerned, he cannot reasonably enforce it against the agents of that Governsent acting under its instructions. - "tlAd'yet this is what Mr. Marcy has done; for he has reproduced against those agents, without distinction, the evidence by which hc sought to convict themi of a violation of the mulicipal lawv, and that by which ho sought to convict them of a Niolation of the law of nations ; and he has, in his present despatch, fallen into the sanse method of reasoning Wvhich, as I have already pointed out, he employed in formimer' comnunications-namely, he bas designated in1differently every act of the agents of Her 3ajesty's Governmnent for availing themselves of the services of persons residing in 'the UnitedStatesas'recruitingintmeUnited States,' or .s 'plart of a scheme of recruiting in the UJnited States,' thereby begging the whole question under discussion.'- "In oder to sustain tle .charge, against Her Majesty's agents of having violated the municipal law Mlr. Marcy resorts to a reiteration of his iuplicit belief in what ho calls the unimpeached amid unimpeachable testiumony of Messrs. Strobel and:Hertz, adding, however, thattliis evidenceforms hut a suahll part of that upon which ho relies, and that there are numerous acts of miine and of Her Majesty's Consuls, I 'andenied asnd undeniable,' which confirns it. Mr. Marcy has not stated to w hat acts he alludes, but if they are acts by which I_am supposed'to have recruited soldiers fot H-ler 'Majesty's service within the United States, or 'hired or retained,' in the sense of the Act of Congress of 1818, personls to go and be recruited elsewhere, or authorized other persons to do those acts, I do deny tlmens. If - they are acts by w^hich persons wrere informed of vhere and onV wat terms they-would lie received into 11cr Majestv's service in' Eritib tersitory, or by whEich aid and assistance was afforded to them to reach: that country, I do not deny that acts of that sort -were authorized by me; but I naintain that such acts were neither illegal nor a, violation of the sovereignty of tho lTnited States. As to invitations or inducements, I never offered theni to anybody, although it appears- that I inight legally have done so; for I cannot agree with- Mr.' Marcy that the offer of any inducement short of hiring or retaining, and that by a contract wvhich would, if not rendered illegal by tlme act of 1818, be binding, would constitute a violation of the law, and, consequently, of the sovereign rights of the United States. "I am far from seeking to deny to the Government of tbe United States the tight of interpreting the laws of the 'Tnited States; but I cannot subscribe to the doctrine that the Executive alone has a right to interpret the lav. Every act done or authorized' by' me is supported by decisiofis of the judiciary in which -the President himself could not refuse to-acquiesce in any case in-whicb, either in his official' or private capacity, he might be concerned. "The decisions in question are as follows:- "Judge 'Kaneat tlse trial of Hertz and Perkins at Philadelphia on the 22>d of May, 1855, says, ' I do not think that the payment of the passage from this country of a man who desires to enlist in a foreign 'port conies within the act ;'' slid 'in the terms of th:e printed proclamation there is no-' 'thing conflicting wvils the laws of the United States.' In the case of the ' United States '-. 'Wagner,' tried befora Judge Ingersoll at 'New York, the judge charged the jury as follows :-' Any resident of the United States has a riglit to go to Halifax - with the intent to enlist.' It will-be seen that these decisions are utterly at variance wvith the broad principle laid down in Mr. Maicy's despatch of the 28th of Dacember, and alluded to abovd. If'these decisions have been reversed, and if others conafictimug with'theas'have btenr pronouncedf I ban only say' that I am unaicquainted with the fact.' "But Mr. Marcyhas 'iow produced,-wbether fortthe purpose of sustaining his chaargedagainst us of having violated. international law or principles laid down by him, but not 'aquiesced in by Her Majesq's Government, or whether to support-his charge of a' violation of the municipal law, he does not clearly state,-a number of affidavits latelym3deobyi certaiu Poles, -Germans, and others, relating pnucipally to real br supposed'trausactions in regard to the conveyance to Halifax of persons wlho wished to join the British any, and also in' regard to the payment of what was considered a Lfair imideminity 'to thenf for the loss or disappointment wvhich they ftated they''had"undergone in consxequence ofhaving -beenl suddenily prevented'from carrying out their in'tentio'n of joismi ig the l:ritish Foreign Legion at HTalifax, 'by an ordetr' given by Sir Gasumard le Marchant in Aungut' last that"norniore persons.we're to lbe received into the; Legion from the United States. -.1 do not'hesitate-toavowthat I sawno objection tothe I ,iyment of such an iiideinity, and it would, indeed,' seen- bard thatthe very meaures which-were rendered necessary l'y a faithful and profimpt-fulfilent of the engagemeiit of Her-Majesty's GoVernment to tht of tIme United States, shotlddnowbebiromight for*2:d as a matter of fresh accusa-' !ion against the agents of Her Majesty' Govermuent. Any person examining these 'afidavits with caudour, disfigured astieyarewith.deliberate falsehoods, as well. as blunders and aistak-es of. all -sorts, and influenced by mali' . cibus niotives, as I'sliall presentlyshow, may, nevertheless, easily percivev that there dis iothmn i them inconsistent with tme above statement. ".The object of the persons maling these depositions . is but too apparent-, as well'as the spirit which has dictated them. 'They are, at the best; but little worthy of credit, and certainlv could not- be justly entertained as evidence agapist the persbus vhose 'proceedings' and conversations th'eypTrofessto relate,until'those persons should.. have an cpportfuiuty, which has not' yet been afforded to them, of cpeakmig for theuimel-vs. ; fiTheyvare' eviffentl& clumsyattempts to implicate Her Maje sy'srConspls'aud myself in 'a violatiou of the law, rade by-persons who had no k4ovledge of its provisionas. I hate iU mny' posiession,'aiid can'produce,' threatening letters' fromn almost all 'the: de"onenlts, endeavouring to' extort money frons me on condition of their suppressing their evitdence... -"With regard to those parts in which I im represented to have persona ly played a prt, I cn only say that a more amnudent tisue of falsehoods wa iiever put together. I never saw or conversedwith any of those men, with the exception of Sierawsid; and when I saw him, I did aot even know his name. He las, however, the effrontery to rec nut the invented circumstances of an interviewre had with me. This Sierawski, it is true, accompanied by an. other Pole, didl force. bimself into my office; but for tunately for me, on this occasion, I am not, as in the case of Hertz, left to my unsupported account of what took place; for Mr. Lunmley was m the room during the short time the interview lasted. He also says that he saw letters from' me to Colonel Smolenski, written, one from -WashingtLon in May, and the other fr6mi Boston and Halifax. Now, I ldid not know of the existence of such a nman as Colonel Smolenski in May, and I never wrote him, either then or subsequently, any letter whatever ; neither did I see him atlBoston. Sierawsid's statements on these subjects are deliberate fisehoods. " The statements made by azinfdki, as far as I am concerned, are euaUy destitute of foundation. His staement that only such persons of those who were aboat to join the Foreign Legion- who were i possession of importantletters fromn me received considerable sums is a falsehood, None of the Persons in question ever received a letter from me. The whole tenour of these affidavits is of the same nature. " lYrith renaa-d to evidence of this sort, I have already expressed m)y opinion, in my despatch of the 3d of MLarch. Speaking of affidavits produced in many instances by the very sanme individuals against the UJnited States' District Attorisy and the P.ussian Chargc d'Affaires at Washington, Iueteso words:° "' I am perfectly aware that the accuracy of such evidence as these affidavits afford mi"ht be objected to as 10030 in itself,-and proceeding from unisowr Polish, Hungarian and Gerinan refugees: and I have no hesitation in sa'ing that if Mr. District Attorney lMr. Neon, on the one hand, and M. de St6ekl on the other, were to give me their bare words that tho facts thercia stated were unfounded, I should at once believe them.' r' Mr. Marcy, however, seems to think that, however locse and unsatisfactory such evidence is when produced against tlhe officers of the United States, it becomes 'uanimpeached and unimpeachablo' evidenco when produced against those of GreatBritain. "This brings nmo to thie evidence of Hertz and Strobel wimich Dtr. Marcy still considers to bo satisfactory, in spite of our positivo denial of their statements, and notvithstanding the badness of their character. "W With regard to Hertz I have only to add that he has ben three times arrested at Philadelphia during the course of last month, on fresh criminal charges-viz., of obtaining money under false pretences, of robbery, and of forgery. "Mr. Mathew wsU furnish your Lordship with documentary evidence of these facts. "1 With respect to Strobel-as Mr. Marcy seems to attach inportance tovwbat he terms my ' endorsement' of that individual, I may perhaps be permitted to refer him to an authority upon which he m-ill probably p lace more reliance than upon mny opinion-I mean that of Colonel Fremont, of the Umted States' army, the distinguished traveller who eXplored the Rocky Mlounteins. It was upon ascertaining that Strobel had stated trtly that he had accompanied Colonel Freinont in the capacity of civil engincer and draughtsman upon a very celebrated expedition undertaken by that officer that I considered that that circumstance in itself was some sort of guarantee as to Strobel's respectability; and in the absence of Colonel Fremont I could procure no other. It was not until my return to Washington that I learnt from authority which I cannot doubt that Strobel had committed an act of swindling against Colonel Fremont. "Upon vwhat principle MEr. Marcy contends that I have no right to discredit the testimuony of a person who has proved hinself unworthy of credit by acts of treachery, baseness, and perjury, avowed by himself to be shameful, and only resorted to for lucre, because I once believed in his itegrty, I am unable to conceive. "With respect to the co.rectness of my impression of tho conversation which I .held with Mr. Marcy on the 22d of Iarch I have to refer your Lordship to my account of it written to your Lordship in a letter dated the 2Gth of that month. Ispoak of it as follows:- " 'I took good care to explain to Mr. Marcy, with perfect frankness, our position and intentions as regards this matter.- I said, besides raading to him 3iiy letter to Mr. Barclay, that we were certainly anxious to obtain efficient recruits, from whatever quarter they should come, and that dep6ts for enlistment had been established in the colonies, where those A ho should voluntarily present themselves would be received and enrolled; but to inquiries which had been addressed to me by persons in this country I had invariably replied by referring them to the provisions of the Act of Congress of 1818, and stating that neither I nor any of the agents of Her Majestys Government could either ' enlist' them in the 'United States, or 'hire arid retain' them. to go to any part of the British domiiiions, with the intent of there enlisting; that, consequently, al1 I could do was to give to such persons the information of which I wac in possession, as to tersis, and the time anid place at wisich they might, if so disposed, be received into tho British service, being aware of no law which prevented citizens of the United States or others from emigration froir this country, for whatever purpose they might think uroper. If, however, individuals, either from the hope of iiak-iug money or from ignoranee, should, notwithstanding gvhat I had said to them, or without any communicatiovnwitlh me,proceed in a vay rvhichmightbring themi ;ithin theprovisionsoftheact, Icouldenlyregrettheirhaving done so withoutthe power of preventing it, and would make mio objection to therigorous enforcement of the law in their case. 31r. Marcy concurred in the correctness of my positions, and said that he had never doubted that this aas the view I would take of the question, adding that the United States' Governient felt obiliged to act with perfect impartiality, and to cauise the laws to be enforced in this as in the case of a like attempt, from whatever quarter procecding.' II I could have had no conceivable obiect at that time in mismepresentisrg this matter, neither apprehending nor foreseeing that it would ever fonn the subject of any futire dierence or controversy. It wonld not only have served no purpose, but it wouild have defeated my own intentions and those of Her Majesty's Government to have misled Mr. Marcy on the subject. It is therefore-reasonable to suppose that I could not have designed to do so. I have also to refer to Mr. Lurley's despatch, giving an account of his conversation withr Mr. Marcy on the same subject. It is entirely confirmatory of my own. I would further observe that Mir. Marcy's own recollection of his conversation with sme, as well as of that -wlich he held vith Mr. Lumnley, seems to be by no means clear, even on his own showing. His accoumt of it in his despatch to 3Jr. Buchanan of the 9th of July, 1855, differs considerably from that given in his despatch of the 28th of December. "M Mr. Marcy's recollection is still more at fault in regard to his interview with Mir. Lumley on the 7th of May, 1S55, and the communication by that genUeman of your Lordship's despatch of the 12'h of April (see Ar. Lumley's despatch of May 7). - Mr. Marcy, in his despatch of July 1, 1855, to Mr. Buchanan, states that your Lordship's despatrhs of April 12 was presented to him by me at the Dep3rtment of State, although MIr. Mlarcy aftervards states (in his despatch of the 28th) that this very despatch was received at the Department of State during my absence in the provinces, the fact being that the despatch in question was deavered to Mr. Marce by. Mr. Lumlev, at Mr. Marcy's private residence, on which occasion Mr. Marcy expressed hinself to MAr. Lumley in nearly the same terms which he had used to mc on tho 22d of March in respect to the recraitment. But this conversation seems to have escaped Mr. Marcy's recollU6tion altogether, for he never alludesto it. M Mr. Marcy has alleged it against me as not one of the least causes of complWlant that the idea of obtaining recraits from the United States was by me first suggested, and urged upon Her Majesty's Government, and that I misinformed them as to the prospects and pos,ibility of obtaining men in the United States. It will be unnecessary for me to dwel on this sabjept to your Lordship, who is in possession of all my communications on this subject; but I must observe that it is somnething more than a gratuitous assumption on thd part of Mfr. Marcy to say that this appears from the correspondence laid before Parliament. I would beg to quote a passage from my letter to your Lordship of Novemnber 27 on this subject, printed with the correspolidence laid before Parliament - " ' In comipliance with your desire I proceed to make a statement of aU that to my knowledge has been done here in regard to bbtaining recruits from the United States; or, I should rather say, in regard to giving those who voluntarily offered their services the information and assistance ,which was necessary to enable them to join the British army without the laws of the United States being thereby infringed. . - "'I Iu November last you mentioned to me that Mr. Consula Mathew had reported that a good many persons, British subjects, had expressed to 1dm their wish to enlist in our -army and navy, and to go to the East; and, as the want of ment was- then much felt, particularly for the army, you directed moe to give my immedaate and best attention to the matter, and make suchinquiryas I could as to whether any such desire existed. " 'Thig inquiry I immediately istituted by addressing ,to our Consnls in the principal cities of the United States a confidential circular, by which they were instructed to ascertin aud report to me whether the desire to join, er Majesty's senice- really existed, and to what extent. " 'I inculenated - upon Her Majesty's Consuls the ,utmost caution in conducting this inqury, stating to the distinctly, that ' enlistment and enrolment of citizensof the United States, or of residents therein, for the serviqe of a foreig Power wxith which the Ulnited States is at peace, would be clearly in contravention with the provisions of the United States' neutrality laws; and adLng ithat any measuires which might have even the appearance of an infraction of those laws by the agents of Her Majesty's -Government would be highly objectionable.' "'.Thse answerswhichwereretiirned byHer Majesty's Consulsto mgycircular letter, seemed strongly to confirm the Ifact that the desire to enlist in the British service did exist to, a very-considerable extent, and more particularly at New [York, Philadelphia, and New Orleans. I "'During the same period numerous offers and proposals to enlist in the British service were received by me, both written and verbal, -and I hAd therefore every zeason for be. ,lievini th;t tliere'actually were great numbers of persons in the United States who, from various motives, desired to join the British atmy. - - n"-'Imay here rematk that all the persons I allude to vro. -luntarily;came forward, and offered to de so without solicitati6oi ornmypart 6oron that ofanyofHerMajesty'sagents, and that in no single instance, either at that time or since, did I 'invite any- person whatever to enter the British service. I can safely say that I never made a single application or even broached the sabject to anybody; in every case the applieatiens wvere mlade to me.- " ' It was but 'fair to conclude, therefore, that were au- ,thentic iforir~tion jgiven of the willingness of Her Ma-| jesty'g Gbvinrnient -to avail themselves of the services of such persons,'and in regard to the terms wich, under the ForeiznEnlistnient Act, Her Majesty's Goverment were - authorized. to offer to persons so enlisting, a great addition to the Eoreign Legion might be effected without any infraction whatever of the laws cf the IUnited States. "'The obstacle to our immediately availing ourselves of theEe offrs wvas that I was not- then acquainted with the - terms on which recruits wvould be received, and with the nature of any axrangements which might have beeh made in Englalid or in .the colonies for their enro',uent. t- "My, answers, both verbal and Written, to person making inquiries of me in regard to these points were thiras-" fore necessarily of a generalmnature, stating, without dec dlining the offers made, that I was at that ti;e unable to&1 inform the applicants of the measures which Hfer Majest-' '- Government intended to take upon the subject, s 'Among tho persons who were continually addressing me letters, seeking interviews with mee, and comolainiog that theyand their friends and countrymen were l-t ini a: state of suspense as weUl as in distress, were Messrs. Hertz and Strobel, who have since been made use of by the American Government to substantiate against me and Her Ma. jestsalionsular agents a charge of having violated the neutrality laws of the 'United States, by hirinmg and retaining them, and others through their agency, to enter the i British service. ." I toolk no further steps in the matter until the 3d of March, when I received your despatch of the 16th of February. " ' By this I was informeed that an instruction had b-ee addressed by the Colonial Secretary to Sir Gasprd le Mar- - chant, with reTpect to foreigners and British subjects who desire to enlist in the Britis army, and I was instructed to. put myself, without loss of time, into communication with Sir Gaspard le harchant on the subject. " 'The despatch enclosedthe copy of the instructionto Sir Gaspard, to the effect that he was to ascertain and report to - Her Majesty's Government whether Halifax would be CDnveniently made arendezvons for persons in the United States who desired to enlist, and he was directed, on his part, to place himself in immediate communication with this Lation, wvith a view of ascertainingthe means wlichmight oe employed for bringing the volunteersfrom the United States to Halifax, and in regard to other points ;which were necessary to be taken into consideration.' " I trust that I have, by my above observations, cleared myself from the imputation of want of frankness towards? Mlr. Marcy in my conversation with him of March 22, 1855. That be misunderstood nse I of course cannot doubt, as he positively states it to be so. "I have already expressed, and now repeat, m deep regret at this circumstance; but I am still at a loss to understand why Mr. Mercy, if he wished to put an end to the proceedings for obtaining recruits from the United States, did not once, in the course of repeated conversations on other subjects with me, from early in June until September, ever allude to the matter, although it appears from his despatches to Mr. Buchanan during that period, that he was under the impression that the recruitment was going on with continually increasing success. It was only by his note of September 5 that I was informed of his Niew of the matter; and it was orly by the proeeedimga3 at Philadelphia in the trial of Hertz, and by Mr. Cushing's instructions to the district attorney there that I was made aware of the course which the United States' Govermneen proposed to pursue in regard to it. "M Mr. Marcy states, however, that I ought to have known that such views were entertained by the Government of the United States from the proceedings instituted in the courts of justice at Nevw York and elsewhere a=ainst recruit- - ments for the Crinea. My answer is, that tnose prosecutions were for violations of the nunicinal law, which I had neither authorized, encouraged, nor designed to authorize; and it would seem strsngethatthe representative of aforeign Govemement should be alowed to collect from the nevwspaper reports of proceedings in district courts the views of Government at the seat of which he resided, and with whose tinisters he was in constant communication. " Who, then, Mr. Marcy asks, were responsible for tho ilegal acts proved to have been committed? It may be replied, those only who were convicted of them-viz., Hertz and -Wagner, both of whom acted without any authority from any British agents, and, in the case of Hertz, against my express desire, as is proved by Hertz's own letter to Her Mlajesty's Secretary of Legation at Washington, and by Mr. Bucknall's affidavit,which is appended to the documents laid before Parliament. " I cannot conclude this despatch without calling your Lordship's attention to the papers in relation to Nicaragua recently laid before Congress. These papers show in a remark-able manner how much the policy of the United States, and the interpretation of American law by the United States' Government, may vary with circumstances. Your Lordship will perceive from this correspondence that at the verv time when the United States' Government were taking he most extreme measures against Her Majesty's Consuls and mvself for an alleged violation of the law of nations and the soveregnty of the United States, for having given information and assistance to persons desirous of leaving the United States to be enlisted in the British army, Mr. Marcy was contending with 1L holina, the Minister of Costa Rtica, 'that the liberty to go where hopes of better fortune nav entice them beloins to freemen, and no free Government wlithholds it' and 'that the laws of the United States do not even confer authority to examine into the inotives which may lead any one to exercise the right of expatriation.' " The enclosed extracts, placed in opposite columns, will show some of these contradictory opinions "am. MARCY Tr To s mr- SAils, DEC. 6, 1855. ".' The undersigned has the honour to acquaint M1. Irrisari that itis apprehended he is mistalken in supposing that the individuals who recently left California for the purpose of entering into militaryservicein Nicaragua departed with the knowledg of the authoritiesof California as to their hostile pnrposes, or with the connivance of those authorities. On the contiary, the undersigned is assured that when there was reason to believe that such purposes were entertained by parties eembarking in the steamersat San Franciscofor San Juan del Sur, every exertion was mnade, and in many instances with success, to prevent their departure.' cE. 3ARCY rO 3ER. Mco- nr-A, ArRiL 25, 1856. "'The right of expatriation is not, I believe, withheld from the citizens of any free Government, or from residents under its jurisdiction. "'The lawvs of neither country (Costa Rica and the UTnited States), it is presusmed, have conferred the authority to examine into the motives which may lead any one to exercise the right of expatriation. "'The liberty to go where hopes of better fortume mnay entice them belongs to freemen, and no free Government withholds it. It is, therefore, no cauise of coinplaint against a neutral country that persons in the exercise of this right have left it, and have been afterwards found in the ranks of the army of a belligerent State. t MI. M1ARCY TO !R. "PR.EsmNVS MESSAGE, 'WVEELERI, NOv. 8, 1855. MA%Y 15, 1856. " 'It appears that a band " 'In these circumstances - of foreign advesiturers has of the political debility of invaded that unhappy coun- the Republic of Nicaragua, try (Nicaragua), and, after and when its inhabitants gaining recruits from among ;vere exbausted by long-conthe residents, has, by vio- tinned civil war betwveen lence, overturned the pre- parties, neitber of them vionsly existing Government, strong enough to overcome and now pretends to be in the other, or permnanently p)ossession of sovereign an- maintain internal tranquilthorit,. litv, one of the contendiug * S * * * § factions of the Republic in"'It appears to be no -vited the assistance and comore than a violent usurpa- operation of a small body of tion of power brought about citizens from the State of - by an irregular sell-organized California, whose presence, military force. as it appears, put an end ac * * * 4 * + once to civil war, aud " 'It has more the appear- restored apparent order ance of a successful nianrand- throughout the territory of ing expedition than change Nicaragua.' of Government.' "I would remark-, finally,that I perceive with greatregret that Mir. Marcy ciaracterizes the tenor of my despatches to your Lordship as exceptionable, though he omits to say in what respect they are so. I had thougHt, my Lord, that after having listened for nine months, without reply, to statements containing the grossest misrepresentations of my conduct, as well as attacks upon my character, wlen at last a fair opportunity wras afforded to me of defendin myself I might have done so with freedom without giving offence. "YTonr Lords,hip has,however, onsidered those desrpat chos as not unworthy of being submitted to HIer Miajesty and laid before Parlament end the pube c; end I have only to say that I am quite content to acide by the opinion which may be formed of them by any candid end reasonable person wrho may peruse them. "4I have, ~ix., "J. F. CRAMPTON. "P.S. Since the abcove was wlitten Colensorenski has called upon me and offered voluntarily to make upeon oath the following ttatements in regard to the falsehood of certain facts alleged in the affidavits of Celagi and Sierav;s?i, as far as lie (Colonel Smolenski) is therein concerned: ' With regard to the statement of Louis Celagi and others, contained in the affidavit (pagel 6), that the said Celagi knows the handwrliting of the British Minister, from having seen the nhole of Colonel Smoleaaski's correspondence, Colonel Smolensklddeclares this statement is false, inasmuch as Colonel Smolens i never has received a, single line written by Msr. rcampton, nor had any o that Muinister's handwriting in his possession. "With regard to Celagi's statement, inathe same affi- davit, thathlr. Crampton's name appeared as a party to an agreement between Colonel Smolenski and Colonel Ansell described in such affidavitf Colonel Smolenski declares that thin statementisalsofalse. he s l(Colonel.Smoleuski) recllcts that cor r Cramptoen distinctly stated to him that h could not slgn any such agreemento s, by so doing, he - would be violating the law of the United States. "With regard to a frther statement also contained it said affidavit, that ser. Crampton wrote asletter to Lieutenant Preston and lensign Davis, the substance of which was that any persons recommended by said Smoulenski were to be received by them and treated as officers, Colonel Smolenaski has no knowiledge of such letter-* and he declares that Celai's statement, that he saw this letter in Colonel Smolensl&s correspondence and made a copy of it, is and - must be false, inasmuch as no such letter waOs ever jin Colonl S m olenskil's possession. "With resect to a letter printed as an appendix to .said affidavit, and signed ' Joseph Smolenskt,' he (Colonel- SSolenski) declares that thisletterisaforgedJdocument, and was never witten by him, neither did he ever sign anry such document. " With regard to the affidavit (page 19) of 0. L. Sierawski, Colonel Smnolensk states that the stateieats in said affidavit, so far as they relate to Colonel Smolenski, are generally unstrue; that he (Colonel Smoleuskwi) never at any time received a letter fronm Mr. Crampton, and couss-- quently could not have showvn three letters written to himself, and signed by that gentieman, to MIr. SierawvsLi. "Colonel Smolenslci nows that M1r. Sierawdld never was, as he states himnself to have been, a captain in the rmilitary service of Belgium. "Your Lordship wiU perceive that these declarations b Colonel Smolenski contradict the main statements by vhich* it is sought to implicate me in the recruitment, and vou wll be able to judge of the degree of credit which may be attached to the other. statements by persons who have. sworn to such deliberate f.Isehoods. ccJ. F. C.. aLord lCarendon made the following reply to Mr. DaU1as ou leeipt of the announcemlent thutt the
SITVING9 IN ERROR . BOUSE OF LORDS. TirmsmDAv- .T. 2. Their Lordsbips sat this iaorning for the purpose of bear. ing writs of error-the learned judges being in attendane.| IOOPER AM.ANOTHER V. LA-NE ASD OTEPS. : fr. H. Hill and Mir. qCuain appeared for the plaintiffs in ernor; atndl Mr. Wfatson and Dweswell for the defendants in error. This wns a writ of error broughtto reverse a judgment of the Court of Exchequer Chamber, which decided in favour of the defendants in error certain exceptions taken to the ruling of the learned judge by the plaintiffsn error, in an action brought by the defendants in error against the plaintiffs in error to recover dainages for the loss the-former had sustained through the aUleged negligence of thelattr as Sherifltsof Middlesex in notarrestingone AnthonyBaconupon a capia.s ad satfsfaicitdurn, at the suit of the defendants in error. After hearing the argmnents, The LOPD CTnANCELLOR put certain questions to the learnecljudges involving the Roints in the case. The learned JuDOEs took time for consideration. Judgment postponed.
JUDICIAZL COiXMMITTEEA OF PRIVY COUr1CIZ, n2Vwrday, June 26. FARlAR V. LANE. (BCfore Dr. LUSHINGTOIN, Sir ED'YARD RIYAN, Sir Tb(i PATrTsoK. and Sir W.LL}m R. MAULEuu;i 1US was an appeal. 2rom a sentence delivered in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, pronouncinz in favour of the' validity of. the will of MIary FaTl,.r, late of Mlile-end. The suit was originaLly promoted by Mtr. E. Ri. F. Lane, the sole executor naned. in the will, against Mr. Farlar, the father of the deceasedl. T'he testatrix died on the. 15th of October, 1851, having executed the will on the preceding day. There was no constat of the real value of her property, but it was aisumed to amount to about 1,9001., out of which she gave an annuity of' 201. per annum to an aunt, and b>equeathed the residue to 1Mr. Lme, her medical attendant, vho, at one period paid his addresses to her with avierv to snarsiage. .Probate was opposed hy Mr~ Farlar, onthe following gronnd6-yi., that the will was an inofflcions instrument made in favour of amedical attendant in a dying ehamber; that the testatrix was at all times a personof weak mpind, though not absolutely imbecile ; and thab in reality the property belonged to the father, notwith. standing he bad conveyed it to his daughter. lMr.-Far, the appellant, having addressed their Lords,hipis for two days, it was nov arranged between him and the Admiralty Advocate, who appeared for MSr. Lane, the respondent, that the case should be left to their 1ordships for decision, w.ithout further argnment on either side. Their lordships reserved their judgment. SCOUL,iS V. PLOWRIGnIT. This was an appeal from a decision of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, pronouncig for the validity of a Paper writing bearing dat the 12th of Julv, 1854, propofnded as the last wil and testament of Mr. W. Scoular, lato of Deanstreet, Soho, sculptor. The deceased died on the 23d of that month, aged 59. He left behind him a brother, Mr. George Scoular, who was his only noet of kin, and two cousins-german, resident in Edinburgh. His personal property, including his stock in trade, was valued at 4,001. Py the will he bequeathed the whole of his property to his executors in trnst, and directed them to pay to one of his worLmen 1001., to another>501., to each of his executors 501., to ir. Edwards, his partner, his share of the stock in *trade, and finaUy he disposed of the residue between the same Mr. Edwvards and MAr. Hay, a person with whom he had been acquainted for inany years, who had resided in his house for a considerable time, and whose father he had k;nowin. AMr. Pspwrorth and Nr. Plowvright w ere aprointed e.xecutdrs, by the latter of wihom the will was p ropounded. Mr. Edvvards, as one of the residluary legatees, intervened. Probate was opposed by lfr. George Scoular, the brother, on wvhose behaLf it was contended that there wvas so much suspicion attached to thefacthn. of the will that the decision of their Lordships must be defccitprobatio. In support of the instrument reliance was placed on the fact that there vere fonr attesting witnesses, who mzst, under the oi-cuss. stances, have acted without concert. Mr. BAGSIUsVs : and the ADMnMALTy ADVOcATE were bheard for the appellant; Dr. JNsNER and Dr. SPINjis for the respondent. Their LonDsSerrs reserved their judgment.
LAW REPORT. COURT OF CHANCERY, TIUnSDAY, JUNE 26. T.A\nV 'LsSseNP.- I -1Tr. (Lefooc the LORDS JVSTCFS of APPrAL.) Their Lurdahips gave judgment in these two appeals from a decision of Vice-Chancellor Stuart, which were argued for se'veral days before the recent short recess. The questions in dispute arose under the will of the latte Edward, EalofOford, and were four in nunsber-n nl, whether the Earl's general personal estate was the primary fun fo pamet o 20000. nd ,051.mortgage mionoys borrwed y hi, an in he dedscreating which he hd cvenatedfor hei payent orwhether, uinder the dee; the states ortgagd wereto be so app lid; ecodly whthe Lay Ln.~alehadforfeited her lif esateundr te Erl' -wll m.oodicil by reason of not haigassumed the niame and armsof Harley within one ear lte theEar's eaththidly,whehercertain chattel ~eashold acuire bythe arl as extof kin to his sister, Mis Haley afer he ateof is illand codicil, passed to Ldy Lngdae fo herlife andthespecific bequest of leashold conaine in he wll; nd,fourtblv, wh'Iether the our wold akea dclaatin o future rights of certain parties who claimied to be interested in the property given by the wifll anid codicil, or one of them, eitlher originally or in default of other parties conforming to the testator's directions. Their Lordships, upon the first point, we-re of ophihin that the mortgaged estates were the first. fund for the payment of the 20.000!. and 160. there hiaving -been, aLfter theo datea of the mortgages, a resettlemient of the estat,es" subject to thiemortgatges;" they thought that those mortgaged estates must bear the burden in exoneration of thbe persna] estate. UponD the secondc point, their Lordships were both of opinion t'hat there had been no forfeiture of Lady Lsngdsle's life int-eresthby reason of her not having assumed thle namne and arms oflHarle.ywithin.ayear after the death of thetestator, shebhaving done soby Royal licence and auxthority vwithin onevyear after the death of her brother Allfred, Earl of Oxford (a tenant in tail of the estat-es under the w;ill of his father, Earl Edward), without issue. UJpon tlthrpnt that the chiattel leasehelds acqir hoyEr thidwad pont next of kidn of his sister, passed to lady Langdale for hier lif, and did net belong to the residuary legatees of Earl Edward's wilL UJpon the fourth point, their Iordships declined to alt-er what they considered the law and practice of the Court--viz., to make any prospective declaration. They directed the costs of all parties in both appeals to be costs in the cause. Mrx. Elmsley and Mr. Shapter appeard& for Lady Frances HTarcourt, the appellant in the first appeal; Mr. )Ioit and MLr. Walferd were counsel for Mr. Edwvard Bacon, the infant son of General and Lady Charlotte Bacon, the ap pellant ina the second ap peal; Mr. Caiirns and Mfr. Martineau appeared for the plaintiff Lady Langdale ; Mr. Wigramn and Mr. W. P. Ellis were counsel for the Hon. Miss Bickeratoth; MVr. Bacon and Mr. Speed for the Countess of Oxfor; Mr Selyn, for Lady Cliarlotte and General Bacon; Mr. Mallas and Mr. Teller for the truastees, the Messrs. llBiggs.
VICE-CHANMCELLORS' COURTS. .TTrN. 2& 'IN RE TIrE MARYLE3O'N BAINK AND TIIE IVLNDING-UP A CTS. (Bcforc Viec-Chancdl*or Sir RP T. KThDERSLEY.) It vill be remembered that a motion was mnade in this matter some time since to reverse the Master's decision, refusing to make a further call upon the contributories of the Marylebone Bank, because calls had been mado to the full amount of the 2Sl shares in the bank, and his HoSo1rJ thought the Master was wrong and sent it back to him to reconsider his decision. It appeared that when the bank stopped payment there was a balance of about 20,000!. belongg to customers ; some of the sharehlolders having means discharged such debt, and a claim had been made to be repaid such advance, but the Master having decided 'hat he could make no further call, the motion was made to reverse that decision by the representatives of one of the parties advancing the money. The Master had now made a further cal1 of ll'. per share to meet the above claim, without prejudiee to any question. Lord Harrington objected to such order, and moved to discharge it, on the ground that it was not competent to the Master to make a call upon him, inasmuch as the party whose representatives nowv made a claim, in respect of which the call wvas made, had agreed to discharge h1im from liability, and therefore he did not stand upon the footing of an ordinary contributory; moreover, the wvords "witfhout preju-ike," in fact, neutralized the order. Mr. Glasse and Mr. Souithgate appeared in support of the motion, Mr. Cole for the representatives of the party making the claim; and MIr. Ro.xhurgh, Mr. Smuyth, and MIr. Hetherington for the official manager and for shareholders opposed it. Sir WAItTEr. P.IDDEL1,, for other ehareholders, stated that his clients took the same view as Lord llarrington The Vacs.-CHnc£cnLnOu made the following order . Refus¢e the motion, except so far as reLated to Lord Barrington, with liberty to him to go in before the Master in three weeks to discuss the equities as between him and other parties. (BEcore PVuce-Claunccor Sir Jo1s0 STUART.) THE EAkRL OF nUJRLT\GTON V. COSDEN. This was a motion for an injunction to restrain the defendants from removing any part of the sea shore in front of the Southboume level, between the Wish Point and the Crumble Sluice, in the parish of Eastbourne, in the county of Sussex. The bill alleged that the plaintiff was one of the Commissioners of Sewers, whose duty it was to preserve the part of the coast in question; that groins had been laid dov. for the purpose of ascumulating and keeping together the shinole wvashed up betwveen them, and thereby of protecting tile coast in front of Southbourne from the encroachments of the sea; and that the defendants had been taking awvay the shingle and other subs,tances from the coast. Mr. Malins appeared in sepport of the motion. Mr. C. M. Ror, ELL, for the defendant;, asked that the motion moight stand over untl the fourth seal in the present sittigs, the defendants undertaking not to do in the meantune any of the acts complained of. The 'VICE-CHASCELLOR directed the motionto stand over accordingly. (Before flce-ChscndcUor Sir W. P. WOoD.) WELTC V. NEILL AIn ANOTHER-WELCH V. CLAYTOY. These were motions by the plaintiffs, claiming to be proprietors of the trade-mark "Schweppe's Sodawater," for injunctions restraining the defendants from selling sodawater not manufactured by the plaintiffs, in bottles or with labels closely resembling those of the plaintiffs. Mr. Rolt and Mr. Roxburgh were counsel for the plaintiffs. MJr. PisGoTT, for the defendant Nevil, consented to the injunction, but disavowed any knowledge of the plaintiffs' exclusive right to the name, and any intention of infringing Mt.W. l)i LEWIS, for the defendant' Clayton, also sub., mitted to a decree for a perpetual injunetio. 'in his case, and unidertook-to deliver up the matked bottles aud labels which ,had rnrks or labels imitative of those used by thc plaintiffs.^ SHEPPARD V. OXE-;FORD.-BnRAsx ,ATIOIXAL )L1.IG ASSOCIAtION. Mr. Row, with whom was Mr. Baggallay. moved, on behalf of the p]lantiff, a shareholder in the National Brazihan Mining Association, to discharge the defendant from being'receiver and manager inthe Brazis. The case turneda very much on the accountg, fro" which it was sought to be inferred that the-re'eiver, who WEs also a shareholder aedt creditor, had allowed his duties to conflict to the disparage-: mnt of the plaintiff's intesiest. Mr. DJU)LE5 and Mr. TOLtER, for the defendant, isisted that the evidence negatived this charze The VICE.CIvuioCELLoR observed that the only course he coulld plursue as to require an undestaking from Mr. Oxen. Eford; as al condition of hiS retaining his office, not -to asseit Iany right be might have as creditor or shareholder against any property over which he had been appointed receiver withou!t leave of the Court. 'The raotion must stand over, 'wth liberty to apply.
OOU-RT of BAVKJRU-pTOY, BwinghaZud.trtc JTun 26. LN RE MAURi 3O0Y.--J1DM}2IENr. (Before Afr. Comamis5i4ncr FANP-) His HONOUR said,-This was an application by Mr. Mark Boyd for his certificate. It was insisted for him that he was entitled to a certificate of the first dass; against hin, that the certificate shrould be altogether refused, thls opposition proceeding froni one quarter only, the official mansgerunder the Winding-up Act in the matter of ths Royal Bank of Australia, in which bank the bankrnpt was an unforttiaate shareholder. The official manager is cre ditor for 30,4001. under a call; he is almost the only cre. ditor of Mr. Boyd. His debt sufficed to carry the choice of assignees. Ho chose Ihiniself sole assignee, and he has thus had the entire control of the proceedings. It would have been a satisfaction to me if the proceedings had been under the control of urspaid coninmercial persons, such as assignees in bankrnptcy are, and not under the sole control of a public officer remunerated for his services.. In bankruptcy the principle is that the control should be with unpaid persons. It is difficult to see why the contrary principles should pervade what is bankruptcy under another name, the Winding-up Act. What has occurred in this case does not dispose mne to prefer the principle of the Winding-up Act to that of bankruptcy. The case is singular. The banlrupt, MIr. Mark Boyd, commenced his comnmercial career in 1S24, in partnership with his elder brother, 3ri% Benjamin Boyd,'as stock and sbare*brokers, and in 1827 they became members of the Stock-Exchange, wliere they conducted their business till 1841, and the bankrupt till 1855, so aS to win the respect of every one connected with tha' market. In the wildest times of speculation the bankrnpt steadily confined himself to his legitimate business-brokerage, and never bought or sold on speculation. The bankrupt, therefore, has a character whiclh has borne the test of ;i0 years' trial. hIr. Benajamiis Boyd, the elderb.other, was a person of large capaity, and of an enterprising disposition, and had been, at is said, the principal agent in founding two now very iloisrislring London establishmsents, the North British Insuranoe Company and the 'Union Bank of London, and in 1840 it occurred to him that there was an opening for a new London bank, to be based on the idea of collecting capital here, whero interest was low, and ssing it in Australia, where interest was excessive ; and he set about the carrying out of this idea vith his usual energy 1 and talent. Of course such a project did not ripen in a day. It took the whole of 1840 and nearly the whole of 1841 to reach maturity. There was a difficulty in getting shareholders under the then law of unlinited liabilily, but some few having come forward, aud a highly respectable board of directors having been formed, of wlich air. Benjamin Boyd was chairman, it was determined by the board to raise mossey by loan upon debentures, which u-ore to be payable five years after date, with 5 per cent. interest in the meantime. By those two expedients, the issue of shares and the issue of debentures, a sufficient capital was obtained towvards the end of 1841, and the board then despatched to Australia six or seven pereons, who were isltimately to take charge of branches of the bank at Sydney, Melbourne, and other places in Aiusttalia. During all this time the bankrupt seems to have acquiescedin his brother's views, and bad even gone so far as to allow his name to be inserted in tho deed constituting the. bank as a director, but he never took his seat at the hoard till late in 1841, and there is certainly no evidence that he took any active part in the formation of the company. He probably gave his whole attention to the regular and large brokerage business of B. and X. Boyd, a legitimate part of which, however, was the negotiation as brokers of the debentures of the Royal Bank. In November, 1841, rufficient funds being collected, and the bank ripe for action, Mr. Benjamin Boyd, in accordance with the original idea on which the whole schemewas based,-namely, that the wain operations of the bankbe in Australia, and that he should conduct them-sailed for Sydney; but before starting be, for some reason which cannot nowbe ascertained w.ith certainty, lie being dead, set up two nominal firms, one to be called " the Australian Wool Company" and the otber "Boyd Brothers," which in reality were nothing more than hiDlself inder different names. The probability is that he contemplated remitting to England in wool and other colonial productions, and he thought that drawing on these nominal firms might assist his operations, or, perhaps, keep his accoints more distinct. He also selected a Mr. Samuel Browning as a clerk or agent, a most respectable amd able person, to look after hiis Australian affairs here, and he arranged with his brotber, the bankrupt, that Mr. Browning should have rooms in the building where the brokerage business of B. and Mi. Boyd was carried on. Having thlrs made such arsangenients here as he thought necessary, he sailed for Sydney in Noveusber, 1841, for the professed purpose of acting thero a- chairman of the board, and manager of the affairs oflthetbank in Australia. About this tiriie Mr. Mark Boyd, unfortuilately for himself, identified himself with the past and the future by taking bis seat at the bank board, and occasionally attending ib. His interference, however, seems to have been trifliu the mtnager, Mr. Wray, the deputy-chairman, iw. Sutherlana, and one or two other active directors taking the principal part. When Mfr. Benjamin Boyd started, he had the entire confidence of all parties, and with their ready consent he took with bini assets to the amount of 149,0001., to be used in Australia, and from that time till 14 he carried on the business at Sydney, draving largely on the bantk at horne, and the bank at boie frrely meeting his drangghts. It niow appears that when Mr. Beniamin Boyd arrived in Australia, which he did in 1842, he found credit in a sftate of collapse. There had been a monetary crisis there, and banking operations were hazardous in the extreme. On the.other band, property was a drug ; every one was selling and no onebuying, arid under these circumstances he resolved to borrow t7le bank's money of hisiself, credit tbe bank with colonial interest 10 pEr cent. or more, buy property, and hold it as security to the bank for the funds so borrowed. It is clear that he commirnicated his plan to the authorities at hoene, for I find in the report of the official tmanager, dated Mfay, 1854, that as early as Atsgust.r 1S43, he announced to the board at home that he should take 100,O00. of the comipany's money on loan, at 10 per cent. interest, to which the manager replied, that his letter had <iven the direetors muich satiJfaction, and that to the application of the funds to the extent of 100,0001. to his own use there was not the least objection, but he suggested a mortgage or a lien on the property. It wilt be observed that the above letter only declared an intention to take 100,0001. on loan. and an acquiescence to that extent, bat it is now clear that Benjanmin Boyd from that tinre treated himself as borrower at 10 per cent. of nearly all the bank funds, and that with them he purchased up country stations, with sheep, cattle, horses, &c., and wool, and land, and houses in Sydney, and W-dhalers, and, in short, did everything which a boid speculator, supported by Iarge funds, might be expected to do. It h's been thought by many that, if his specnla. tionis had been allowed full time to ripen the results -would have been prodigious. C,rtain it is that some of the nroperties he bought have since been sold very advantngeors;lp, but, unfortunately for him, he ncted as many elever, but self-willee piersons do, and insteaa&, generating confidence by full and free explanations of all bis s-ieows and proceedings, he sent house, year after year, meagre accounts, tellilig nothing in deta I, nd only giving general results; showing, howeever, tli-t the Australian profits (includisg.,I suppose,tLe 10 per cent. inter-est uponthe money he born,; d as an independent trader of himself, as chairnit's (: ' t` bank) were sufficient to enable the board at I or e t. jay 5 per cent. to the debenture holders, 0 per cens, to tho slraoeholders, and leave a large surplus. Such accounts kept everything quiet, till the periodarrived when the debentures woere coming due, but as that formidable period apprvached (and it approached in 1847, when a monetarv crisis hee had raised the interest of money to S rer cen t.), grert anxiety arose at the board, and under theinfluence of those suspicions which meagre explanations always generate the board, after consulting w,ith souse of their considerable creditors, determined to supersede their chairman, and they despatched a Mr. Sprott Boyd to Australia, with the necessary powers, and with instructions to do the best lie could for the bank, accordingto circumstances. Ifr. Sprott Boyd arrived in 1848, an after some negotiationis Mr. Benjamin Boyd executed a deed dated the 24th of August, 1848, whereby, in consideration of a general release, he conveyed to the bank all the vast property which lie had acquired in Australia, with some trifling exceptions. Ib appears from the above statement that Mr. Benjamin Boyd had during the whole of the above period considered himself as a borrower of the bank money, and owner of the property he had bought with it, subject to the Royal Banks lien upon its and his conduct .and accounts were in accordance with that view. The account he sent home for 1844 relating to the Sydney branch made the branch creditor for 318,2721. on " security' of abont-260,000 sleep, 40,000 head of cattle, 1,200 horses, stations, woolships, fands, houses, wharfs, and bills of exchange ;" and there cannot be a doubt that he was the principal debtor in respect of that 318,3721., as he was the owner of the property which was the security for it. He also treated all the property whic'h he sent home as his own, desuatching it to London to the house of B. and a3 Boid, in whose fayour the bills of lading w-ere made out, and sending instructions to his own Clerk, Browning, as to what wasto be done with It, with which Browning complied, and his instructions were, I imagine, that counter consgnments should be sent to him in Australia. The house of B. and f. Boyd kept the accounts by means of BrowniII, and paid and received everything, andp to the month of July, 1849, the balance of-censigamenet, &e., wa-216,777 in favour of the house of B. and xS Ecyd. Thbe figures being-. Consignments, &c.a to Atustrala.. .. ...£-207,978 Ditto to London .. ..... .. .. 181,200 BAlance ... .26,778 As he considmed all the above property his own, and as his brother and Browning entertained the same view, it nerer occurred to either of the three (exce t, perhaps, so far as concerned the first consignment hoe to render any account of the consignments to tle Royal Banik; nor did. Mr. Sutherland; the acing chairman here, who wms consiantly with Browning, or Mr. Connell, an active director, Ever ask forany such account, or ask to see the books. They, I suppose, thought that the balance due from the Sydney branch, as shown by. the accounts transmitted from the, branch to the parent bank, was all they were entitled to, and .that they had nothing to do with -Benjamin Boyd's land,wool, or whale oil speculations.. 3r. Sprott Boyd did"notgive, satisfaction to the board; and, as they hada bigh opinion of xr. Browning, they afterwvards sent hia out to replaceMr. SprottBoyd. The bank struggled against its difficulties till 1850, but in March, 1850, an order was made under the Wimding-up Act, since which time Chancery administration has superseded all others. The above is an outline of M1r. Benjamin Boyd's career, which I have with much labour exhacted from the mnassof confusion pervading thepapersinthis bankruptcy, because I felt that I could not do justice to the only question now before ne-the question whether MIr. MLark Boyd should be stigmatized. by this Court as a knave, or reoeive what is claimed for him, afirst-class certiflcate,.without clearly understanding hEr. Benjamin Boyd's career. I vill now proceed to the complaints against the bankrupt; but before doing so I must obserre that I greatly regret that the over anxiety of the bankrupt to satify his opponent, the official manager, should have induced him to consent, without appasling to mne, to -commence his balance-sheet the 1st of January, 1840. Had he appealed to me I should have refused my sanction. An account ranning over 15 Years is to every ono but a.professional accountant little better than a Chinese Enzzle. The accounts have puzzled me most assuredly, but this ig of little importance; what is of importance is that they bave been craelly oppressive on the bankrupt. The bankrupt law deihands of a banikrupt every farthing he has, and, that being so. great care ought to be taken that no avoidable expense shouldhe cast upon him, and the expense of unaking out 15 years' accounts in a large ease is terrible. The first specific complaint against the -bankrapt was that he had put down as capital some debts whicla had turned out bad. This complaint was, of course. frivolous and absurd. If it is insisted that accounts shall begin in 1840, of course debts due in 1840 must be included in the debit, and when their badness is ascertained by time, the sine amount must be put on the other side of the account. The very raismg of so frivolous an oblection shows the spirit in which the opposition has been conducted. Like the demand for 15 years accounts, it was an attempt to titrow dust in my eyes. The second complaint was that the bankrupt with his brother "concocted" the scheme foriming the Royal Bank. If the word " concocted" means that the bankrupt originated the scheme, I think the evidence shows that he did not. The scherne was clearly originsated by his brother. It appears by the official manager's printed report that I Mark Boyd came in as a director late i lS4, and the idea of forming a bank was started 1S months before. If the word " concocted " menns, that he and his brother "concocted" the scheme koavishly, I think it an iunfoundedimputation, even against Benjamin Boyd, and monstrous as againist Mark. To forni a London bank to operate in Australia may be wise or unwise, according to the circumstances of the tihue. In the present case the circumstances 'were very unfortunate, because operations in Australia were to commence in 14S, and at that time a monetary crisis had occurred there, and banidng operations wvere unusually hazardons; but of this the oiginators of the scheme had no knowledge. Perhaps the scheme would have survived this difficulty, but when the bank debentures, issued for fi-ve years, vere coming due, a 3nonetary crisis had arisen in Enagland, and this second dificulty was not to be overcome. To take advantage of two circumstances, each sa unfortunate aad each unexpected, to fonnd an imputation that the original scheme vas knavish is most unjust, -and I am. of opinion that this coinplaint against the bankrnpt- is. -wholly unfounded. The third complaint was that the bankrupt hadopened fictitious accounts with fictitious persons. This alludes, I presume, to Mr. Benjamin Boyd callinghimself the" Australian Wool Company` and " Boyd, Brothers," and Mark Boyd acquiescing. It is not shown how this injured anybody. It appears that fr. Benjamin Boyd, by formal letters dated November 8, 1841, which was the time of his sailig for Australia, announced his intention to usethese namestotlhe EoyalBankof Australiaand to their bankers, the Union Bank of London, and no objection wvas made. A fourth complaint was that the bankrnpt's personal expenditurebhad been for 15years at the rate of 4,0009. a-year, and therefore extravagant. This complaint illustrates the injustice of taking accountsback 15 years, because on this subject the question is not what a banoln-t spent when he was amply solvent, but what he spent when insolvency was impending. In the two years next preceding the callmade on hia udertheWinding-upA ct, which callwas the sole cause of his bankruptcy, his expenditure was -under 2,0001. a-year. A fifth complaint was that he had directed his clerk to balance - ani old account whicha alpeared in the books of the firm of B. and M. Boyd, against a Mr. Coates, the late husband of his wife, by entering the words "l y cash, 4,1751.," when no cash was paid. To this the bankrupt's answer was that the debt was, in fact, a bad debt, and that all that he had done was to desire his clerk to " square the accounts," a common phrase with him, and that his clerk had entered ' By cash," instead of any more proper phrase. To insist that such ant entry was fraudulent, and intended to deceive persons who looked into his affairs, seems absurd, because the entry " By cash" would tend to charge him with 4, 1751. as received, for which he would have to account, if his books were examined, while an entry " dead insolvent,, which would have been the trath, would have left him nothing to account for. The very 2naking of such a complainat shows again the spirit in which complamnts have been brought forvard in this case. The last complaint to which I shall refer was one -which at first made a deep impression on mny mind-namely, that the bankrupt, in 1849, falsely represented to a Mr. Borthwiek. an accountant sent up from Edinbur"h to investigate the affairs of the Royal Baok, that Ihis brother owved him 26,7771. on balance of consigumnents; when, in truth, as it is alleged, he was indebted to his brother, and that this misrepresentation was made to induce Mr. Borthwick not to recouimend proceedings against him personally for the real balance due ynhun, asaUleged, on those consignments. Investigation has entirely removed the impression at first made on my inind with reference to this subject, for it is now clear to me, on reading Mxr. Borthwick's report, that Mr. Borthwick drew up his own report from books kIept at the bankrnpt's office by the Samuel Browning above referred to, who had kept them from 1841 to 1S48, as servant of Benjamin Boyd, and who had gone to Australia some montlis before Mr. Borthwick arrived in London, and.it is therefore clear that the statement mnst have been a genuine one, founded on entries made months and years before any difficulties had arisen. It is evident from Sir. Bortiv ick's report that hc thought it a genuine account. It is also now clear to me that the banks-opt honestly thought that his brother was indebted to him on balance of consignments, for I have been showv a letter from his brother, dated " Sydney, June 3, 1848," in which, after aliudin" to his personial annoyances, and a severe illness from which he had recovered, he writes thus : "What the result of the changeof management in tlie affairs of the Poyal Bank may be it is not for me to offer an opinion which is to go further than yourself, but I do prognosticate that the finest foundation for an -ultimate princely incomiie wdil be anihilated bya system wlhich I clearly see will be pursued, and that tremendous sacrifice is unwisely to be made simply because for two seasons the produce of tbis colony in the home-market has been depreciated; but enough of these affairs. 4Idall nowv allude to rather an unpleasant subjectviz., that continued hagging system pursued by yon, requesting metO sqNare yards -with you. I have repeatedly urgd Robinson to w%rite yon fully and candidly how 1 inDvidually stood, and if you really suppose that I have available means on hand at the time that I am cramping you you are sadly in error. Even Sorett Boyd is aware that I have not the wherewithal to pay the expenses of the stations, c, tand since his appearance in the colony. of conrse. my creditis destroyed; therefore, with regard to my being able to pay yo3 a balance such as yours must be, of some twenty odd thousand pounds, I clearly tell vou that you might just as well ask me to pay off the national debt. "I can say, my dear Mark, that if Sprott Bovd and I arrange matters, I Fe'-!! then have the world to begin again, and, be assured, i' --et iul, either in this or any other country, that your cla.s shaU be among my earliest settlements. ' Sprott Boyd .nd Y are going on pretty smoothly. I hope it mav lest. "Believe me, dear Mfark, yours ever, "B. BOYDa." Can the most preiudiced doubt, after reading the above, that both brothers believed ir 1S4S that there was a large balance due to the bankrupt? I shall not enter into the particulars of any other complaints; theyseem to me to be all as frivolous and unfounded as the preceding. MEr. L.avrance, in his address, paid mue the complment of saying that there wavs no one who pr.esided in these courts more eager to expose and punish frauds than myself. I aces p ted the compliment with pleasure, and- I hope I may add that I am at least as eager to rescue the unfortunate from imputationswhich they do net deserve. I sincerely believe 'Ir. Boyd to be an honourable man. Ishallgrant him af irst-class certificate with pleasure, and I liope that when he returnsto the scene of his former labonrs he will be received by his former friends and c'ients with as much cordialiht as he would have been had he never had to pass the ordeal of this court. Mr. lUlrm-Is said it was not his province to comment upon the Commissioner's judgment- but he was bound to correct his observation tbat the trade assignee was a public officer paid for hlis services; for, in point of fac=, 1r, Wryghte had no remnmeration whatever for his services as assignee, and what he did was at the instipation of the shareholders of the Royal Bank of Australia, many of whom could confirm this, for they were now present. The CoLMISSoiEP..-=-What, Mr. Wryghte not paid?v Mr. H,RaiaS.-Under the bankruptzy, not one farthin. He is paid as official manager for what he does in the Cout of Chancery by order of that Court. Sir. Lv\\5-R?LCE.-That is so. The COsrnrsSzO2n-WeL, then, he is a paid officer. SIr. AiRRs.-Only in the same way that the official mssg is p da by this Court; both arepaidby a coinMillSion. Mr. WIyghte said that Mr. Lawrance had availed himaself of the absence of his counsel and himself at the last siting to mike certain comments upon the appropriation of the funds of the Royal Bank. and, although the reporters of the daily papers had omitted such remarks, they had appeared insa garbled statc in the Obsc,-na- Senday paper. The truth was that about 300,0001. of the bankE dtebts had been discharged, His accounts had been passed at the Mster'soffice npttoethat hour, and the balnce stood in the Dmak of Englandunder the Master's controL Ir. LAWiAtacn denmed that he had made such a starement, His observations referred to the management of the estaks in Australia, and it was absurd to suppose that he h: d made any chage againt wr. Wrybote. M. WFryglite ssid no rsectable mant woid become assignee in that court, if he was to be conshratly expoeed fo abllse and misrepresentation. Heknew thatit was drivlag the btusiness from the cout ¶fhe COlMxssmOmSin-You had better g,o and proclaim. that on the Royal Exchange. - 3r. Wryghte said a report of Mr. laTra.nce's speech had AIpeared in ezcnso in the Obserrer, and he aasked Mr. L3wrance -whiether he had authorized it. - Mr. LAWRACE said he had not, but he had seen it, and it was an accurate report of his speech. ;Mr. HARRIS.-The dai'y papers faithfully reportea the ;,whole of the proceedings, but the Obscrrcr had given only ' e abridged report of one day's proceedings. Mr. LA-WRAIMSC-It may have been abridged. Mr. HAruIs.-Then I shall bring the mnatter under the notice-of the Obscrrcr, and it it is not set right they will 'he0asmoreofit.
POLICE. GUILDHALIL- .r. John Billings, an engineer, appeared before Sir W. MAGNALY on behblf of the joint freeholders of seven honses in Bull's Head-court, Snow-hill, to. answer a complaint of the Commissioners of Sewers for not pulling down the said houses, which were in a ruinous ant dilapidated condition, after notice had been given that they were dangerous to the safety of the public. Mr. Tyrrell stated, that the proceedings were taken against the defendants in consequence of the dangerous state the houses were in. They had been shored up by the Comnmisa sioners of Sewers, but even that was not sfficient for the protection of the public. Mr. Billings had applied to him or a month's grace, alleging that certain improvements were to be made as soon as he could get the freeholders to agree; but he thought a fortnight quite suficient, as a littlc pressure from witbout would be of service in bringing the parties to an agreement, and he, therefore, ro se to. ask for an order to pull down the houses in a fortnight. Evidence was then given, sbowingthatthe surveyorof the Commissioners of Sewers had certified that the houses in question were in so ruinous a condition that they were dangerous tothe public and ought to be puUed down, and also that notices to that effect had been served on the several sarties interested, who had not, conplied with the requisition. Mr. John Billings said, the freeholders lived in different parts of England, andone was abroad, so that the comnunication betveen them was not so expeditioasas could be wished, and the conisent of all of them must be obtained before any. thing could be done, It was proposed to remove these houses, and on the site to build a model lodginghouse that would cost 3,000!. Before these arrangements could be completed some time must elapse, and he, therefore, hoped the magistrate would grant him the month he asked. Sir W. MAGvAY could not sEce that his object would bo gained by granting the time, for the negotiations coi"d Do on just the same, whether the houses were up or down. Tt wrasclear theywere dangerous, and that danger mnst be avoided. He thought the negotiations more likely to come to an amicable settement when they saw the houses were down.- Ms. John Billings said, they were securely shored up by the Commissioners of Sewers, and no injury could result from granting the tinne he asked. Nr. Tyrrell said, Mr. BiUings had advanced no sufficient reason why they should not be pulled down, and he thought some pressure from without would be vety serviceable in bringing the conflicting interests to a speedy adjustment. He unst press for the order for forortnight, hut at the ame time if ur. Billings w ould show him that no unecessary delay occurred he would not enforce the order for a reasonable ti eoe after. Sir pi. oN.GAr then ade an order that the houses 1Sos. 1 to 7 in Bull's-head-court, Snow-hill, should be pulled down at the espiration of a fortnight. Bow-sTramr.-George WVhite, a ticket-of-leave man, as brought up mn custody of Inspector Dcdd of the F division, charged with being at large in thc county of MKiddlesex, contrary to the conditions or his license. The prisoner presented himselt at this court on Wednesday, and represented to the magistrate (Mlr. J ARD1SE) that he was out of employment and destitute. He said that he did not seek temporary relief-he wanted emplloyment, by which he could earn his own living. He had been rccom. mended bytheSuptrintendent of Police at MLaidstoneto make application here. Mr. JArnns,, after examaining his ticket, observed that it was very unlikely that the inspector could have given such advice, because, in the first place, he mnst know that a magistrate had no means of assistinz persons to get emuloyment; and, secondly, the ticket of ele.ve bore on the face of it an express condition that he should not be at large in the county of Middlesex. By infringing this con(ition he had rendered himself liable to be apprehended aLd sent back to serve the remainder of his time. He had better go to the police court from which he had been committed for trial, -which probably was what the Superintendent realy meant to advise. (He had been committed fronri.ennington-lane Police-court, in 1850, for stealinga pair of hoots, and sentenced, at the Central Criminal urt, to seven years' transportation, but liberated on the 7th of December last.) His Worship added that he had better, at all events, get out of this county as quickly as possible, or he would be apprehended. Indeed, he (the worthy magistrate) was not swe that he ought not to order him into custody at once. White.-I wish you would, Sir; I would rather go back and serve the rest of my time. Mir. JAnRDISE instructed Inspector Dodd to take the man to Colonel Jebb and explain the -whole case. He was accordingly taken before Colonel Jebb, to whom he repeated his request to be sent back to finish his term, as he could get no employment and was starving. Theinspector then brought Ltn to the station on this charge Inspector Dodd having recapitulatedthe above circnstances, adding that he had supplied the prisoner with food, Mr. JrRDLnsu observed, that these tickets of leave must be very carelessly prepared. In the present instance there was actually no seal. Inspector Dodd explained that the " ticket" given to the liberated convict was not the original document, but a copy. Mr. JA-Dismrg-That appears to me to be reversing the natural order. The man, whose safety depends on his having a proper document, is sent away with a copy, and the onginal is kept and filed, where a copy would do just as vwelL If a constable were to arrest the bearer of such a document, he might think it was a forgery. I thought this was a forgery at first. The prisoner was remanded, that the necessary formal steps should be taken for his recmsmittaL John Barry -w^as charged with iltreating his wife, whose headvwas covered with bandages. The defendant and his wife, both Irish, lived in WildcouTt, and according to the statement of the woman, the defendant went home late at night, avowled his intention to leave the country, and, being determined that no one should have her but himself, to murder her forthwith on the spot. "I was lying in bed," said the woman, "with my poor infant at my breast, when he raised a chair and struckme witl it, injuring the child and imyself, and then took a large file and battered my face and head w6ith it till the blood spurted out. I screamed 'murder 1' and thenei,;hbours and the police came in and saved my life." lhe husband stated that the child, instead of being an infant, was four years' old, and he was provoked to "'in. tisnidate" her by throwing the file at her, finding her lying on the bed, as usal, dead drunk. She had not been sober for 10 days. All his wages were spent the nexlit day in liquor. The constable said, the woman was drunk, and the man had also been drinking. The child wias fouryears old and had a black ey^e. Mr. JaI)LN- said, it w-as frightful to think of young children growing up in such an atmosphere. The wooman had been badly treated, but she was drunk, and under such circumstances7he never would inflict the full punishment. Defendant was committed for one month. ALrLuimoRoUGG-sTRiEErL-Thomas Horton Sbeppared, a notorious begging-letter impostor, was charged with attempting to obtain money from the ldrquis of Stafford by false pretences. The Marquisof Stafford said heresided in Hamilton-place. About 10 o'clock that morning the following note was brought to him - " ungerford Hotel, Adam-str-et5 .Adelphi, Thursday. aMr. John Horton, jmL, of Prior's lee, Salop, presents his most respectful compliments to the Most Noble the Marquis of Stafford, M.P,, soliciting the honour of a fevw moments' interview on business of private import, previous to leaving town thisevening." He told the servant to show the bearer of the letter into his study when he called. The prisoner came abont halfan-hour afterwards, and on bemg shown in he said ho wanted 21. to help a consumptive friend. Be told the prisoner he knew he was not Mr. Iorton, and intended to give him into custody. The prisoner begged forgiveness. Police-constable Batrry, C 134, to ok the pris on er into custody, and said the prisoner voluntarily admmPt.ed his guilt to him. The prisoner said, he was guilty, and begged for mercy. Mr. BEaDo_ sent him to pris4n and hard labour for three months. WxFlNresTLM-W-lliam John Dakin was charged with an atrocious assault upon a polce-constable, and Wiliam FoxK mwith endeavouring to rescue the prisoner -when in cestody. The circumstances of the ease as collected from a great mass of evidenceoare briefly these :-The defendant Dakin, who has a fish stall in the Marlborough-road, Chelsea, was fned IL at this court last Saturday for depositing a quantity of filth'and offal in a public thoroughfare at Chelsea, to the great annoyance of the inhabitants. Police-constable Edward Hilton, 101, Twas the princinal witness against him, and after the disposal of the case Dakin uttered the most atrocions threats against Hilton, declaring, among other things, "that he would get a stick and smash it into his head, and do for him." In consequence of the earnest and serious character of the threats used, some of the persons who heard them considered it their duty to put Hilton upon his puard; but Dakin nieeting him by chance the sanme evening attacked him with the most desperate violence. Eiton e passm along the Marlborough-road, when the defendant rnshed upon him and strack him a violent blow, exclaiiing"Yon are the - who swore falsely against me at the court PI Defendant then followed up the attack with great fumy, lacking and strikng the constable in the most bratal manner possible, declaring all the time that he wonld ruin him for life, and uing his best endeavoums to carry his threat into effect. The constable protected himlself so well as to avert the threatened injury, but was much ill. treated. While -the constable was esgaged, as dlescribed, -withl Dalin, the other defendant caught hold of him winh a& view of effecting Daldn's release. ohn ta er station, proved thaytthe demfendnanvt D at tibe Brompton theoutrangeous attatyk above described, swore thaX tl he to D3kin, in reply to the charge, contented himself with observing that he admitted part of it. The other defendant denied having taken any active part in the affair. Mr. PAThTER commented in becomingly strong terms upon the atrocious character of the case againSt Dalda, and sentenced him to n month's ha.rd Labour in the House of Correction, and at its expiration to ffnd two sureties of 30for hais good behaviour for six mont'e, and give h boors' notioe of bail. The oter defendant vas fined Mw., which hh paid.
JWA VAL AN4 IMILITABY INTELLIGBNOB. -The Z.Etn& steaum-transport, No. 186. Captain Millar, em-. tbarked yesterday, at Portsmouth dockyard, the .Scrry Regiment of Militia, a detachment of the 39tt; Foot, and vne officer ana 40 men of the 17th Lancere, for Cork, returning te Plymouth, and there embLrking 200 men of the 13th Light Dragoons, and Captain Dove, of the 94th Regin;ent. She sailed yesterday. 'er Majesty's steam troopship Himalaya, Commander B. P. Priest, R.LN., having recoaled, left Portsmouth yesterday, for Mhalta and Constantinople, to bring zore troops. The lNiger, 14 guns, screw steam sloop, Captain the Hon. Arthur A. Cochrane, passed the Noro yesterday from Woolwick, at 9 55 a.m., for Plymoutb, where shc Will call for the mails for the WVest Indies, her future destination. She salnted the flag of tho Commander-in-Chief at tho buoy of the Nore at 9 40 a.m., which was returnedl bythe Waterloo flagship. The Mayflower gunboat, Lieutenant Commander Grenville M. Temple, wvas tak-en into No. 4 dry dock at Sheerness yesterday, to refit for immecdinto service. Her refitting will occupy three weeks. The Locust steamvessel arrived at Sheerness yesterday, at 9 25 a.m., from sea, after towing the Acorn, 12-gan sloop, into the Downs, on the way to Plymouth. The Cormorant, 4 guns, screw steam gunvesscl, Comr mander William Bowden, completed her coaling yesterday st Sheerness. She was inspected by Captain James A. Paynter, of the Brilliant, 20 guns, and left the same afternoon for Portsmoutb. The Elk, 12-gun sloop, Captain Cospatrick B. Hamilton, at Chatham, is ordered to be at Sheerness to-morrow, to have her compasses adjusted, immediately after which she will take on board aummunition, &c., preparatory to her being inspected, and on Monday lshe is to leave for Plymnouth, there to await orders for her future destination. Her Majesty's steamn gunvessel Alacrity, Commander Majendie, left Spithead on Wednesday evening, for the westward. Her Majesty's steamvessdl Avon, Second-Master Palmer, left Portsmouth for Plymoutb, vwith supermumieraries, yesterday. Her Majesty's frigate Meander, 44, Captain Baillie, was towed from Hamnoaze into Plymouth Sound on Wednesday. The steam troopship Perseverance, Commander MacZonald, moved from Hamoazo into Plymonth Sound on Wednesday. The steam-tender Advice, from Queenstown, arrived at Plynmouth on Tuesday evening. The hired transport Britannia, No. 2, fromz Portsmouth, arrived ac Plymouth on Wednesday morning, and, having embarked thedep6t of the 94tls Reginient, sailed for Queens. town in the evening. Tho steam storeship Urgent, Commander Phillips, from Portsmouth, arrived at Plymouth on Wednlesday, on the way to the Mediterranean. Orders have been forwarded to the commanding officers of the newly-raised 3d battalions of tle 60th Royal Rifle Rleginsent and the Rifle Brigade to hold their respective battalions in readiness for foreign service. These battalions are forthwvith to bo increased to 1,600 rank and file. This number will include four dep6t companies of 80 men eacl, leavinlg tho strength of the service companies of each battalion 1,280 rifles. One of these battalions is understood to be destined for Canada, and the other for the Cape of Good Hope. The following arra ngements are said to have been made by the authorities fo r the entry of the Guards into London: -The brigade will not arrive separately, but the battalions will be detained at the ports of deb-rcation (Portsmouth and Southampton) until thc whole bave arrived from the Crimea. On the day succeeding the arrival of the last battalion the troops, consisting of the 3d battalion of thc Grenadier Guards, the 1st battalion of the Coldstreams, and the 1st battalion of the Scots Fusi leer Guards, will Ieave by special train for the nsetropolis so as to arrive about 10 o'clock in the f6renoon at Vaterloo terminus. The gallant fellows will be welcomed by the Conmnander-in-Chief, the authorities of the Horse Guards, mnd severai General and Staff officers. The line will immediately be formed, thc Grenadier Guards on the right, 1st battalion Coldstreams centre, and Scots Fusiseer Guards on the left. Colunms of sections will then be formed by the right, bringing the Grenadiers in front, and, preceded by their bands, they will march over Waterloo-bridge, along the Strand, Cockspur- street, Pall-mnall, througlh St. James's Palace into St. James's Park, and thence to Buckingham Palace, where the troops will salute Her Majesty and Prince Albert. Should thc weather prove favourable the Queen and Prince will accompany the troops to the Cavalry Exercisingground, Hyde Park, and there inspect them. The folloving regiments stationed in India wiU be re lieved during the autumn, and return to England early next spring, viz.:-Thc 29th root and 87th Royal Irish Fusileers, Bengal; 43d Monmouth Light Infantry, Madras ; and Ist Battalion G0th Royal Rifle Regiment, and S6th Royal Co unty Down, Bombay. The reliefs of the above-mentioned troops will embark from England carly in August, by which time sufficient tonnage will be taken up for their conveyance. It is belived that only ond cavairy regiment (the Oth Dragoon Guards, Carabiniers) will proceed to India, instead of two, as originally intended. An order has been received at Chatham for the following officers and meni belonging to the Provisional Battalion to proceed to Gravesend, vwhere they will embark oni board the Seapar;, for the purpose of joining the headquarters of their respective regiments, viz. :-5th Fusileers-Ensign G. E. Massy, Ensign E. S. Lenis, Ensign ,T. B. Barker, Ensign E. J. Oldfield, Ensign F. A. Cubitt, with SO non-commissioned officers and privates of that corps, to proceed to the Mauritius. 37th Regiment-Ensign J. D. Graeme, Ensign E. J. Sale, Ensign G. G. Fraser, Ensign T. S. G. Jones, and 49 non-commissioned officers and privates, Whlo wfill embark for Ceylon. The following draughts wiU embark on board the Eveline on Monday nest for the Cape of Good Hope :-12th Foot-Ensign W. D. Jarvis, Ensign G. W. Reade, Ensign J. 0. Johnson, with 36 men of all ranks; 45th Regiment-Ensign E. O'NeUll and 3S non-comnnissioned officers and privates. On Tuesday 260 rank and filc, and 10 officers of the 62d Regiment, and 150 and five officers of the G:3d, went on board the transport Empress Eugenic, at Quecnstown, which sailed on Wednesday for Nova Scotia. A garrison court-maLrtial commenced yesterday at Sheerness to try several ganners and drivers belonging to the Royal Artillery there, for riotous conduct in the town on innday evening last. The court-martials willlast for several days. An augmoentati on of 60 labourcrs was yesterday mnorning made in the dockyard, Woolwich. N otwithstanding that the notice was not issued to the effect that hands were required until the preceding evening, so great is the number of nen oiut of employment that the office was besieged by applicants yesterday morning. The I troop ofRoyalsorse Artillery arrived at head-quarters,Wcolwich, on Wednesday, under the conumand of Major Brandling, R.A. They wvere conveyed to Woolwich by special trains from Portsmouth, having landed there the same day from the steam-transport Kangaroo. THE MILITIA. The Cavan Militia, which arrived fromii Aldershott Cam1p at Armagh, on the 19th of May last, have now received orders to proceecd to Belfast.
AnXEGED ILLEGAL APPE.EENXSIO.N or SwA_u_Ns-- The illegal apprehension of American seamen bythe river Tyne po lce, upon the authorization of the Utnited States' Vice-Consul at Newcastle, -which was recently noticed in h7ze Tincs, has been brought under the attention of the River Tyne Commissioners, at a meeting specially called for the purpose. It will be recollected that last May many Amencan merchant vessels arrived in the Tyne, and, as vages were higher than in the American service, above 100 men deserted. The masters of the vessels applied to the river police to interfere and apprehend the men. The river police made aplplication to the magistrates at North Shields, who told tnem, as the United States was not in treaty with this countr-, they could not interfere. The masters of the vessels -then applied to the United States Vice-Consul, who wrote out an " authority" to the river police to apprehend all desertersfrom American vessels found in the streets of Shields, and restorethemtotheirv-ssels, indemnsifyin'the police from the consequences of such proceedings. lWKthtnisauthoritytheriverpolicewenttothesafl0r'j0dig houses in Shields and dragged the men to the station-house, and, without ever having taken them before a maistrato they -were removed to their vessels, the olice putting men in irons on board of two vessels, the Aielis and the Indin. Chief. For their part in those proceedings the police received 5a. or 0!. from the United States' iasters; but the proceedings of these officers wvere wholly unknown to the River Tyne Commissioners until they vn-trc brought tinder their notice by the paragiaphs that appeared in 2 hic Tires. MUr. Matter, of South Shields, noon ascertaining their authenticity, had a special meeting of the board called, when after a warm debate, the reporters being excluded, the following resolution was agreed to:-" It is resolved that Inspector Freshvater and the officers under him be called in and informed that they have acted illegally in the apprehension and detention of samean who had deserted fromii the ships of the United States of America, and they be warned niotto actin asimilar manner in futorce. It is also resolved that the clerk do write to the American Ambassador calling his attention to tlxe inconvenience ari4ng from the want of an arrangement w.ith the United States of America for the recoveGryof seanIf", and( do zend a copy of the letter of the THE SECONcD Srr-YCHNr,S T.IA..-The trial of William Dove will take place before Baron Bramwel., at York Castle, on the lCtil of IJuly. The counsel for the prsecution are Mr. Orerend, O.C.. Hardy, and Mr. H. Baylay; attorney, Mr. I. Maikland, Leeds. We undertand that fr. BIh;., Q C., and Mr. Robert flall are retaired as counsel for the prisoner; attorney, Mr. B-ar- ret, .2t,!-jlffanclteetcr &em jeer.
I . '?1A2 OF COMMON COUNCIL. resterday a Court was held for the despatch of important business. THIE INUNDATIONS IN FRANCE. Mr. ANDERTON moved that "the Court, sympathizing with the persons who have suffered by the late inundations in Franco, do subscribe the sum of 10,000£ in.aid of the fund now being raised for their relief." He did net, ho said, anticipate any objection to a proposition, which was meant to indicate the sympathy which existed among tho members of tho corportion with tho sufferings of the people of France in their great calamity. If any differenco of opinion existed, it must merely apply to the amount of tho contribution. (Hear, hear.) For hsis part, he thought it would be much better to have a limited amount agreed to unanimously, than to have a divided Court upon a sumh of large dimensions. Tho Court perfectly well understood that the contribution was not meant as a charitable donation. It was intended as a means of showing the deep feelings'of interest and compassion felt for tho unfortunate visitation with whicll Provideneo had tbought proper to afflict our neighbours, and of showing our earnest desire that the friendship which happily existed between the countries should be permanent and entlhsiastic. (Checrs.) Alderman Frysxs seconded the motion, and expressed his belief that what had takeil place would more strongly cement the friendship by which the two nations were bound to each other. Alderman KnsmEDY suggested that the contribution should pass to the French authorities through tho hands of the Prefect of the Seine, as evidence of the respect entertained by the corporation of London for their municipal brethren in that country. He thought too, that as the London corporation had given to the Russians, the Greeks, the Spainards, the Polish refugees, and other people at periods of distress much larger sums than that proposed for the French, the amount of the vote ought to be raised to Mr. BiSaIL thought it would ho advisable to vote Englisl money, and moved as an amendment that the words "five hundred pounds" ho substituted for the words "ten thousand francs." Mr. YAB1;iER seconded the amendment. The standing order was then suspended, and MIr. AINDERTON said, he could not for a isoment object to the proposed alteration. Tne Court then unanimnously .reed to the vote of 500. whicrl was accordingly ordered to be paid by the Chamberlain to the Lord Mayor, to be by his Lordship transmitted 1 o France. THE F-REEDOM OF TE CITY PRESEMNTED TO SIRI W. F. WILIAM MS. MIr. H. W. VALLANICE, in rising to imove "that the freedom of this ancient and lionourablo city bo presented to General Sir F. Williams, of Kars, Bart., K.C.B., witls a sword of the value of 100 guineas, said," he was deeply imF pressed vith the dificulty of doing anything like justice to the subject to which he asked the earnesb attention of the Cowut. He was convinced that, aniong the public acts in which the corporation had a large source of just pride, not one was to be found more disinterested, more graceful, or more encouraging than that of conferrig upon merit in all departments of the public sernice of this great nation the only revard they could make acceptable to such distinguished persons. General Williams received his early training in the Artillery at Woolwich, wvhere he had been placed under the auspices of the Duke of Kent. Having qualified, he was sent on service to Gibraltar and other stations, and thence to India, where, principally at Ceylon, 10 years of his life vere passed. It was not unworthy of remark that in India, where the temptation to live what was caled a free life every day assailed both military men and those filing other departments wuder the Government, General Williams pursued so abstemious a course as enabled him to siurvive no less a number than 97 out of 140 officers and men who were suibjected to tho hazards of the climate and the dissipations of Eastern service. At Ceylon, the grave-digger, who seemed to have inherited the oddities of those vho held up Adam's profession, and was in the habit of anticipating custonu among the sojourners, and recognizing theii with a look of welcome and encouragement, passed General Williams by without favouring him with the slightest notice, in utter despair of a job from a person so vigorous and energetic. (laughter.) On the return from India, as Captain. of the Royal Artillery, General Williams visited the Southern States of Europe, the East, Persia, and Constantinople, and became acquainted with Lord Ponsonby, wIio, observing the attributes he possessed, not only of applying skill and vast knowledge to that highly valuable 1 arm of the service, the Royal Artillery, but power of imparting that knowledge to others, proposed that he should proceed to the East, for the purpose of instructing the Turks in the science. Accompanied by officers who have since distinguished themselves, lie went to Tophaia, thle Turkish aTsenal, and soon proved that the appointment was a sagacious one, by the prompt introduction of inventions and reforms the most ingenious and valuable. Ills teaching had, in fact, mainly tended to bring about that result wsith wlich all werb now familiarly acquainted, that the practice and execution of the Turkish artillery had been found far superior to the very best of the Russians themselves. (Cheers.) In the year 1841 the present Premier procured the appointment of General WViliams as Commissioner to attend the Conferences, whence arose the important limitation of the Turco-Persian frontier. In the rformance of his task as commissioner, General Williams lad acted with wisdom, patience, and sagacity, which excited the admiration of all. It vas unnecessary to give even a synopsis of the numerous apparently interminable questions of local rights, priNvleges, laws, customs, and superstitions involved in suchl a controversy, which, it should he remembered, ended in a convention by vhich a fearful war was then ingeniously avoided, and a treaty arrived at for the fonnation of tle actual line of limitation of the frontier. Having returned to England and visited our Transatlantic friends, to whom it was to be hoped it might not be found necessary to send the General on a different sort of mission, lie was in 1848 appointed a commissioner to arrange the disputes asto the actual lile of limitation-a task of no slight difficulty-and he went out with a wellselected staff, among whom was AMr. Loftus. He visited Mesopotamia, Nineveb, and other places, and laid the foundation. of permanent claims upon the deep sympathics and regards of the Christians in aU countries by obtaining firmans for their protection. (Cheers.) It was in the course of his indefati-able pursuits that General Williams discovered at Suzaa paace in the same style of construction as the palace of Persepolis, a discovery which settled the question of the locality of the former place, and there were abundant details of other acts of great usefulness. He then proceeded in the folloning words :-I coeld weary you with details of other acts of public usefulness. Yon will remember that at the commuencement of the recent 'War the Genoral was appointed a military commissioner in 1854. I now conquer a strong temptation to ask why a more fitting post was not assigned to General Williams, and to animadvert upon the serious omission somewhere, that he, -who has proved himself so highly gifted with qualifications of the very nature that were essential to success, was not deemed worthy a higher position. It will be vividly before your recollection that General Williams was fortLuate in the circumstance that his staff consisted of men of rare and surpasnng excellence and bravery. Need I name the gallant Colonel Lake, Major Teesdale, poor Captain Thompson-who has so very recently paid the forfeit of his life to his devotional performance of his duties as a British officer-Mr. Churchill, C.B., the secretary of the Generalof whom it may be said that he promptly availed himself of an opportunity of distingnishing bimself in the path of glory, and commanded a battery with great success on a memorable occasion. (Loud cheers.) Dr. Sandwith, toe, has achieved for himself a name that will live with the historical associations of this war. (Cheers.) While General Williams, whose comnission was, curiously enough, to ascertain the state of the army at Zars, and the cause of the dreadfil condition of that army, was on his way to Ears from Erzeroum, he received a letter from the Turkish Command.er-in-Chiief, informing him of the approach of the Russians and asking his advice as to what should be done; and the messenger who delivered this despatch added to it ihe verbal assu-rance that the Russians 'were coming, at least 50,000 nien strong, -that Ears could not possibly be held if the Russians attacled, and that a grand council of war had been held by the commanders, which council had decided that the best thing that could be done was to abandon the place to the Russians. Upor; hearing this piece of information, the nobility of character of the General shone forth in brilliant and characteristic colours. He then perceived that, albeit he was only a commissioner, it would soon become his duty to defend the plfcc which had been confided by the Sultan to the demoralized army he was so soon to behold with such painful consciousness of their truly wretched condition. This was his reply-"If the Russians attack, we defend it, or die. We will never abandon it." On arivral, with the glorious staff, as to quality I have mentioned, at Ears, what had they to encounter '-every man from the highest order of officers to the lowest scullion of a regiment, pouring forth, some vehemently, ethers in murmurs, their all-absorbing apprehensions, that the dreaded mass of Russians were close upon thenA. Such was the dismaying reception the General had to encounter. Let me entreat you to contemplate the calm determination with which he was so fortunate as to quell their fears-for such they then v.ere-anid -to- -dis-pel the desire of abandonment. Aided by a personal appearance, of high value in such a position, withupright manybearing, frankness of manner, kindly short addresses of encouragement, and aided byhis staffofficers in graduallyameliorating the condition of this miserable apology for a substantial army, feeding them regularly, watching sedulously, and applying all means available for sanitary improvement, by training, gradually bringing them to what was so little understood among them, a state of discipline, that it was surprising to themselves, those who were loudest in their murmuring apprehensions on the arrival of the General soon became disposed to manifest an ardent desire to be brought in contact with their previously dreaded enemies, so that, - as the Rlussians have since owned, the Russians were astounded or taken aback on the 16th of June at the evident demonstrations they witnessed of the resolution arrived at of defending their position, and which the Russians to their cost discovered upon presenting themselves in battle array, and -when they retired after losing a few hundreds of their men, this all important and desirable end was arrived at by daily and hourly personal vigilance and solicitude. (Cheers.) On the 24tltof Set tember, 1854, General Willianis entered the town of Kar#; This army was under arms every day for five long months prior to the famous attack at 3 o'clock every morning. Gleneral Wilsams was up and stirring, he sZw persanaily the men at their posts and under arms. NTever mnissing an op. porunty f eepngup and stimulating pro{er exccitement bfredyadresses vigorously spoken. fgive youl one spyecimen. The General would say, " Now, my men your time has come to show the wvorld that the Turks are brave men. The English and French are aining battles at Sebastopol and we fire salutes for them, but let them fire salutes, for battles we must gain. I seo by your sarkling eyes that you are ready for them 1" This sysepalhetio, touching appeal was enough. Shouts of dark voices wero heard responding in the ahnrmative in Turkish, " Yes, yes," &c. Tho General would resume, " And that shows me that when the day comes you will fight as wel as your comrades in tho Crimea." (Cheers.) You will have perceived that General Williams was sent out a a commissioner to examine and report, bhtfrom the first moment, when he chivalrouily scorned tho idea of the abandonment of Ears ho judiciously contrived by degrees to obtain tho pest he has so gloriously filled, virtually conimanding thc garrison of E3ars; hence the style of exhortation was so effective with the troeps. I have very, very briefly glanced at the contest and defeat of the Russians on the 10th of Juno. ~Now, of course, at interval during the three months 'following many vere the skirmi3hes and encounters of the belligerent parties ; inactivity was now become (behold tho miracle 1) insupportable to the most indolent and apathetic races. And thus passed the siege until that awful crisis of the 29th of September. (Loud cries of "l.ear, hear.") To approach an allusion to that most wonderful and glonous victory makes one pale with anxiety for language to describo it. I forbear detail. I remind you of this contrast-think of the fearftl- state of tlo Kars army a few months before; remember their abject misery, their want of discipline and skill, their sufferings from the reculation of some of their rulers, added to the defeat and losses tbey had then recently sustained at Ncje Derreh, where the Russians had driven the whole army to desp air; and now contemplate this little band of heroes eagerly panting for the fight-sulch emotions clearly to be attributed to the wholesome and persevering discipline of the General and his staff-7,500 men besieged by 85,000 to 40,000 Russian troops-Caucasian troops, too, considered by the Russians themselves the best they have. Again, the General, prior to this awful encounter, thus pithily encourages the troops, addressing thc reserves, " Now, my men, this is the day to show yourselves worthy of your country; fight as you always promised me you will, and that is all I ask of you." (Cheers.} I do not think it necessary, having given you the relative numbers, to say more than refer you to the despatehes and correspondence of the hour. It was one of tho most glorious and splendid victories ever achieved in this or any other war, a victory obtained over troops of high order, courage, and discipline in first-rate fettle and condition, commanded by an equally valiant and noble general, Mouravieff, to whom I miust more particularly allude hereafter. (Cheers.) After this awful struggle and successful resistance-for three-fourths of the besiegers were annihilated-I give you a sample of the selfpossession of the hero of my theme :-Patting a rifleman on the shoulder (this rifleman bad fought vigorously and des- erately), General Williams said, - Well done, my bravo lellow, yotx havc fought well to-day." The rfloeman relie, his dark eye beaming brilliantly with ftre, " ^We have always fought as we have fought to-day, but we were never commanded before." (Cheers.) I mnake no comment upon this mcident-it speaks more forcibly than I can. So much, then, for this great battlehand to hand, after interchange of grape and otler shot, &c. and lasting eight hours. Take one note, illustrative of the carnage, from Sandwith. "Before nightfall," he tells us, " many thousands of dead Russians wvere buried and tho wounded removed." On tho 2d of October lie says, " We have buried 6,300 Russians." Now, it is perfectly obvious that the Turks could have left Ears at any hour wvithin 20 days without fear of pursuit or hindranco by their enemies. How natural the brief inquiry-" Why did they not, when starvation and misery and death in the most fearful and agomniig shape awaited them ? Because the General was; firmly assured by Osnar Pasha, on the one hand, that within such 20 days ho wouild conie to tho relief of Kars, and by SelimPasha, on the otherhand, whIovwrote a letter saying that he was coming with a considerable arnmy under his orders and he hopeod soon to congratulate the General and the Turkish Commandant on their victory, and with Omar Pasha to drive the Russians over the Caucasus. Day after day was allowed to pass wider the checring influenice of these promises-need I say how Little foundation there was for them-cholera, reduction of rations gradually, starvation, death fronm cholera amounting to near 100 per day, weakness and e.xhaustion prevailing to such an extent that the living, or half living, had not sufficient strength to bury their dead -stll no talk of surrender, although at their very posts ware these bravo Turkish soldiers expiring froiii sheer exhaustion; the inhabitants of the town dying in their houses from feU starvation; carcasses of horses that had been buried for 12 or 14 days disinterred for food, and even to make broth; women in the streets fighting with dogs for carcasses of mules and other garbage, which the nien would not from other scruples eat-this state of things was not enough to induce surrender. When the General received from Consul Brant a despatcl apprising him that Selimn Pasha had no intention to coiiie to Eiars, then, indeed, the General saw it was hiig time to terminate the soul-harrowing miseries of so many brave men-anen who had indeed proved what courage, devotion, and patient fortitude mean. It was now hard and severe winter. General Williams and Major Teesdale proceeded to that valiant man, for whom the whole civilized world must have respect, nay, regard-to Mouravieff. Agaiii, General Williams thoughtfully secured the terms of capituilation, too notorious to need recapitulation by me, save to call forth your assent to that part of my motion whicb, in temls of commendation, adverts to ii. It was, indeed, praiseworthy. It was noble to h.ave secured such terms nor less so, perhaps, the conduct of the Gcnerni who yielded to thcir requirements. lIe is reported to have at oneo said that ho had no wish to wreak an unworthy vengeance on a gallant and long-snffering army which had covered itself with glory. Alluding to the miserable means of sustenance they had had-he told General A,illiams that which I repeat, "; That he had made hiniself a name in history, and posterity wvould stand amazed at the enduriace, the courage, and the discipline which that siege had called forth in the remnant of an army, in compliment to which endurance and courage the officers who had becoino prisoners of w-ar wvere allowed to retain their swords. The General, who had been reduced almost to Iiis death bed, had then to undergo his captivity or iiprisonmont-made, it must be owned, endurable as far as possible by his eniemies; and now that the sun of his country's heartfelt gratitude is shining fully upon hin in reward of his faitlhful constancy, firm endurance, and lasting courage, let us hope that the rest of his life siiay bo devoted to the pursait of enabling us to bo never again un- repared for such a war as is now over. Remember is injunctions to you on the moment he placed his foot onre nmore upon the shores of our island, that woe would befall that nation which neglected to secure aniple means of defence; lie aLluded to his journey throngh the armed territories of Europe. I, too, hiave recently made part of that journey from the Adriatic, and you wil find that tho armed Powers of Europe are indeed deserving of contemplation, whether Austrian, Belgian, Prussian, or others-I do not allude to our allies, for praise of them would be fulsome indeed. (Cheers.) I have purposely forborne allusion to Lord Stratford do Redeliffe and Lord Clarendon, upon the Masonic principle, that when you bave nothing to say in praise it is wiser to be silent. The resolution I propose is this:- " That the corpora'Lion of London deeply sympathize with General Sir William Fenwick Williams of Kars, Baronet, K.C.B.. on the severe sufferings he has undergone at Ears; and regard with sentinients of ardent admiration the discipline, the calmi bravery, the judgment, and sagacity evinced throughout the siege of Kars, as also of the honourable terms of capitulation secured by the General at the time of surrender. The corporation in testimony thereof present the freedom of this aucient and honourable corporation to the General, accompanying the gift with a sword of the value of 100 guineas." (Loud cheers.) AIderman BES,SEDy seconded thion motion, which was carried iunanimously and amid loud acclamiations. TrIE CO.LwNirPERS. rr. WILnLsx s brought up the report for prosecuting tho petition to Parliament in favour of the Coalisippers' Bill. Several mesiibers spoke strongly in favour of the bill, and besought the earnest attention of tho House of Commons to the prayer of the petition which was unanimously adopted.
THE LIGHT CAVALRY CHARGE AT BALARLA VA. (From the Aforning Post.) We are requested to publish thc subjoined letters, in continuation of the correspondence on the same subject- ;' 22, Albeinarle-street. June 23. "SMy Dear Lord,-I received your letter of the 21st inst. last night. " My only desire, with your lordship, is, that "what really occurred should be known and understood." " I stated to you that, if there remained any points with regard to the battle of Balaklava on which I had the nisfortune to differ from you, I was ready to enter into more details with you, who had the right to demand it. In the absence, however, of this-which I do not volunteer, but from which I do not shrink-I cannot, I fear, acquiesce in the accuracy of your remark, 'That the collision of the 8th Hussars with the Russian cavalry would seem to have prevented the state of things (as related by me) with regard to the supposed isolation of the 4th Light Dragoons and 11th Eussars,' nor that the two events occiured ' about the same time.' "Believe me, truly yours, "1GEORtGE P'AGET. "Major-General the Earl of Cardigan, K.C.B." " rortman-square, June 24. "Dear LordGeorge,-Iwasnot awaTethat ourcorrespondence would he continued ; I therefore sent the letters which had passed to the.3Morning Post, in whiceh the twvo original letters appeared. Colonel Douglas, before he left London, told me that he wouild let you know that I intended to write to you with reference to your letter of the 15th inst., and that I should send any correspondence which might take place to the same newspaper. " Do you wish to send mne your letter of yesterday also? , "Withregardto your offer to give any fuirther explanation, t appears to mse that the question of whether two regiments coming into momentar y contact with each other under the cIrcumstances (described to med obfy aColonelDoglas) can be consdere nudr th comand f an oneofficer, has been dpiscussedon th is corree sponden2e,avnod there is a difference of opinio on te subeet. Beliee me,yours trul-y, "Colonel Lord George Paget, C.B." CARrnGAR. "DearLordGeore,-I "Portman-square, June 25. "Dear sbal seogend I a shall this mornizng comply l with yournshb bsendingyourletter of the 2.dinst., an maine of the 24thIto the morning Post. As I conclude this corresjondence is now drawing to a close, T must, before it is terminated, and after an rerusal of your letter of the 23d ins.,obsrv, tatthere is one expression which I cannot "ColnelLor GergePagt, .B. "CADIGANT. P.S.I shll snd cop of his iththe other letters.". IbDTANi CIvrv SFatsvrcu.-.In consequence of an urgent demand for more civil servants from the Govern. mnent of India the competition candidate, -who last year successfly passed their initial examiination are to be (lespatcheldto Thdia, without being subjected to the fLusal test. Of these 15 are to proceed to Bengal and five to Borabay,-i~grath, RM&4u, and Co.'s Orerland AMail.
POYA1L O12TMOPrBDIC HOSPITAL. Yesterday his Royal Highness Prince Albert, the patron of this hospital, instituted for the treatment of clubfoot, spinal and other deformities, presided at the ceremony of opening the commodious building in Oxford-street recently purchased by the governors, and adapted to the uses of the charity, and in which the business of the institution will in future be conducted. His Royal Highness arrived at the hospital at 3 o'clock, attended by the Marquis of Abercorn, Major-General the Hon. C. Grey, and Captain the Hon Dudley de Ros, and was conducted through the establishment by the Earl of Shaftesbury, the president of the institution, Lord Abinger, Mhr. Jacob Bell, Mr. Quarles Harris, the Rev. George Kemp, the Chaplain, and the medical officers of the hospital. The ceremony of inaugurating the new hospital tookl place in the principal apartment of the building, overlooking Hanover-square, and there a considerable number of ladies and gentlemen had assembled to witness it. Sir James Clarke, Dr. Tweedie, Dr. Billing, Mr. Iawrence, and Mr. G. S. Trower were among the company. The Prince Consort having entered the room, Lord ABIXGEIS, Chairman of the Committee of Management, addressing his Boyal Highness on the part of the governing bodyof the charity, entered at somelength into its history, ande,xpressed theiracknowledgents for the honour he had conferred upon them by prosiding on the occasion, and their deer sense of the interest he had been pleased to evince in the welfaLre of the institution, the career of which had been one of great usefulness. It provided a safe and effectual remedy for some of tbe nmerons ils arising from the neglected condition of the poor, the effects of which, by the introduction of more conumocdious dwellings for the hmubler classes and other sanitary improvements, his Royal Highness had done so much to mitigate. It enabled those who were helpless to help themselves, and, in rendering capable of exertion and self-support nearly 19,000 crippledpoor, it had rescued so many humnan beings from destitution. Prince AL-ssT, in reply to the address, said,-I have listened with much interest and gratification to the account which has just been read of the satisfactoryprogress madeby this excellent institution, and of the benefits which it has already been the means of conferring since its first establishment. It has pven me the greatest pleasure to attend on the present occasion, and to assist with you at the inauguration of that new era to which you look as affording the promise of yet more rapid advancement and of benefits multiplied and stil more widely diffused. Nor can I doubt for a moment that the continuance on your part of the same exertions which have led to the present success of this institution will bo followed by the gratifying results that you anticipate, and will lead to the sure realization of your most sangine expectations. Bin Poyal Highness, attended as before, then withdrew, and tls@company sepuated.
HBR MAJBSTY'S THEATBE.. By her performanco last night of Maria, in Lca zpig de, BRgginzcn0to, Mademoiselle Piccolosnini has more than confirmned her position as a popular favourite. In the stage. days of Mfademoiselle Jenny Uind, the smartxirondicrc was always a most pleasant sight; and when the young vocalist who has been dying evening after evening, in Lm Traviatac, came fonvard in the well-known hat and jacket, the shout 'with which she was received had something of congratulation about it.1 As in her first character, her success is rather that of tho acting vocalist than of the mere singer, and never, perhap, 'was a part more prettily augtained than the gay young vivandi&rc last night. There wla5 enough of pertness to mark the pet oE the camp, and enough of juvenility to give a tone of innocence to her sauciest gestures. While the character was merely sportive, she played with it in the most natural, girlish style, but -when shc took leave of her old fiiends the Soldiers, at the end of the first act, she burst into a reality of grief that electrified the audience, and gained for her three calls after the descent of the drop-scene. As the piece progressed her command over her voice, 'which at first was doubtful, manifestly increased, and there is no question that the figure of the vvandi&rc a-ill be restored to its pristine popularity. We do not wish these few lines to bo considered as anything lilke a description, much less a criticimn, of Mademoiselle Piocolomini's perfonnance. Our only intention at present is to record the completo success of a young artist to whom the eyes of the public are at present directed, and we reserve further comment for a future opportunity. %
ROYAL ITALIAN OPERA. In many respects one of the hest performances we have witnessed of the Barbicre (di Siviglia took place last night, -when that masterpiece of opera blff( was presented for the first time this season at the Royal Italian Opera, and w,ith a remarkably efficient cast. As we have very recently had to speak in terms of disparagement of Signor Ronconi-whose Don Giovanni is certainly open to animadversion-wo have the greater pleasure in hearing testimony-though not for the first time by m aniy-to the unsurpassablo exceUence of his Figaro. Never was Ronconi's supremacy in this part more triumphantly demonstrated. Fron "Largo al factotumn" to the end of the opern his humour, wit, and invextion seemed inexhaustible. New points out of number were presented-all without exception racy, natural, and spontancous. To describe the eharacteristies of Ronconi's barber at the present time, hsovever, would be superfluous. The operatic world is sufficiently familiar with.this famous impersonation; and we have only dwelt upon it thus far in order to impress our readers with an idea of the signal revenge which tle gifted and versatile artist achieved after his recent qI!0s5 failure in a part of a very different nature. Why Mario should ever allow any one else, in the theatre to which lio is attached, to essay the portraiture of Count Jlmaviva is a puzzle. There was never on the stage a msore complete and striking representation than his of the hero of leaumarchais and Rossini. In the hands of Mario the Count is essentially a gentleman-a gentleman at once ss gay, insoteciant, brilliant, and refined, that we may seek in vain for a parallel. The singing, too, is-quite as great as the acting. That no living tenor can execute the florid music of- Rossini with the srame facility as Mario is notorious. His vocalization in this respect is as finished as that of Alboni herself-the niost faultless of Rlossinian singers. Tho series of rapid passages in the quick siovement of tle duet with Figaro-" All' idea di qual metallo"-are delivared throughout in an exquisitely sustained ineza 7rocc, and with siurprising fluency and evenness of tone. Not a note is shirked, no' a shade of indecision to be detected in the intonation-all is pure, genuine, and artistic sihging. It is a pity that so little of this kind of music is now produced. Were it otherwise, we might have a few more such artists as Mario-since it cannot be denied that composers are in a great Measure responsible both for the merits and defects of their performers. Wlhere Rtossini and his predecessors may be said to have created singers Verdi and his disciples must be equaly allowed to have generated a race of screamers. Madame Bosio's Rosina has hnproved so sensibly from year to year that it now ranks among her most perfect achievements. True she adorns the c4tatine, "Una voce pco fa," in so prefuse and elaborate a style that not much of the simple weauty of the original is left, but her ornam ,nents and foeritll- c are accomplished with such wonderful brilliancy that the first impulse is rather to applaud the skill of the vocalist than to question the taste which admits a system of such unlimited embellishment. The same applies to Madame Bosio's share of the duet with Figaro-" Dunque Io son"-in which the consummate neatness of her execution disarms criticism altogether. In the lesson scene last night she introduced the well-known polka z-aric, from Alary's Tre Nozze-or rather a new version of It, since the original, as composed for Madame Sontar, was written too low for the high soprano voice of Bosio. WVe did not greatly admire the first edition of this musical jc d'cspriet-nor do we find the present one, which far exceeds the other in difficulties, much more to our taste. It served, however, to exhibit the vocal powers of its fair and talented exponent in a highly advantageous light, and was encored enthusiastically. Herr Formes again produced a marked effect by his very original conccptson of the personage of Don Basilio and by his spirited declamation of the fanmous air "La calunnia." Signor Taglia&ico's Don Bartolo was a careful and meritoriousperformance; but the character is not exactly in his line. Madamoiselle Cotti was Ilerta, and Signor Soldi Fiorello, The overture was capitaly played and, indeed, the hand and chorus, under Mr. Cost;, -were more than usually excellent. Theopera was thoroughlyenioyed by the audience, wvho recalled wMadame Bosie, MIario, anid Ronconi after each act, and the two la.tter after their admirably effective performnance in theduet "All' idea," to whch alusion has been made.
CA.IrPDE.Y-HOUSE THEA TICALS. The residence of Colonel Waugh, at Kensington, famed as a snusesm of curiosities, is gradually becoming even more celobrated as the spot where, every season, pri. vate theatricals take place in the most rechcrch6 style. A real theatre, with proper stalls and boxes, is in the establisbylent, and there Mr. Charles Dickens and his friends performed last year, tothe infinite gratification of all who beheld them. These semi-amateurs, however, were but transient apparitions, the permanent company consisting of a number of ladies and gentlemen who perform at Campden-house only, and divide their attractions between comedy and fairy burlesque. In general, we refrain from intruding into private parties, bnt so renowned are the performances of the Campden-house troop, among the higher circles of the metropolis, that a person can scarcely be considered to explore the London season who is not lucky enough to obtain an invitation enabling him to witness the acting of the HlIo. Mrs. Wrottesley, Miss Louisa Carevw Captain Leicester Vernon, Mr. Bontem, Mr. Ashe, and the other distinguished stars of the company. As for Mrs. Wrottesley, there is no limit to her capabilities, since she equally shines as the grandc coquette in genteel comedy and the male hero of burlesque. Last iglht one oftho usual performances took place, in the presence of a brilliant audience that filled every available nook of the elegant little theatre. The programme comprised the Cabintd Question, Puss in Boots, and BUiabeth of Russia, the last named piece being a novelty in an English dress, having been adapted by Captain Vernon from the French piece, U4 claangineent de maoi. lrs. Wrottesley represented the Empress w ith all the dignity of the potentate, and all the archness incident to the more natural side of Elizabeth's character, and Alexis, the hero of the Muscovite romance, was enacted by the anthor in a gentlemanlike style of light comedy that was pleasant to behold, while the grotesque humour of, Mlr. Bontem as the ieddlingMinister oflolice, caused the frequent smile to expand into the hearty laugh, and the graceful Miss Carew gave an interest to the young and unsophisticated Fedora. The dresses at the Campden Theatre were not only appropriate hut of the most superb kind.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-On a recent tour in America I visited Washinaton at a time when a Presidential lev6e was held, which I much wished to attend, but having been informed by several respectable Americans that it 'would not be considered respectful to the President to appear otherwise than in an evenng res, Iwas nabe t doso,having (in order to les-sen the bul of my bagpaleC) lteft ito at°Nhy (mw kordrt to these circumstances was deprived of the plcasuxef otherwise should haIve bh dIin wyaOitinOg uPon th sesrdant. CONSISTENCY. Reform Club, Jan. 2G.
MIacleaaoiselle Caroline Valentin, a young ianiste from Haniburg, gave a m atin.e mutsicale at i'llis's ..ooms, under distinguished patronage and with vrellmerited success. idademoiselle Valentin is a proficient both in the classical and modera schools, if we may judge from her various performances on the present occasion, which comprised the pianoforte part in a concerted piece of Beethoven, a noctcu7nc by Chopin, a romance by Tedesco, Prudent's .Revei! des £Feos, and a duet of Osborne (with Herr Goidheck.. Hier execuction of the spar3ling and popular caprice of hi. Prudent wvas much admired for spirit and neatness, and greatly applauded. The concertgiver was assisted by esdemoiselles rall, Sedlatzek, and CorellchI. Jules efort, and- other vocalists, together with hIL Sainton and Metenus (violin), and M. Paque (violoncello). whose combined talents helped to make up a vaied and attractive programme. The audience vere evidently pleased, and several m7orceaux were encored. Soumn-EAsTiERN RAThWAy ROuTES To P.Ris.-We understand the directors have abolished the system of stewards' fees on board their steamships betweenFolkestone and Boulogne and Dover and Calais, and also some other smrl charges hitherto made duringthe journey, so th..t through passengers Will only be called on to maLe one payment,-that for their ticket at the commencement of thie journey. This arrangement must add to the convenience of travellers, to whom nothing is more s.nnoyingthasn tobe aubjeted to repeated deaaiands however trilling iua amount.
SALE,S BY AUCTION. At thec Mart, This DaY R'T.e JESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRTbe toLE infrmthe pubar ct, HI aY,hat Ziousb ROlfERTedin rthesolloilag order, viz. - 1. Nortamaptonshiro-The Advowson and Next Presentation I o tha. Ittoyof Cold Higharn 2.Domnics.m-ThLe ondonderr and Pinea le Estates. 3. nfaileld, M!iddlcseL-Fretbold Rtesideace, k.nown as Clay-hilL. Log.r''e wsshpleasure graunds, garden, offices, and meadowl land. 4. Durham.-Frechold Estates, bituatu in -he township of Newsharm and parish of Fgelerchiffe, containing upwards of 700 acres, in two lots. 5. lCtnt-Frethold Estates Manors, and Advoweon, situate jo t:sai rrarisbes of Kingenorth, Sbadoxhurst. Wareburn, and OYrletton,sz.o- Old Brad-otreet. slEhngton.-Leaoehold House., OPLIS, SON, and HARDING will SELL by T AUCTON, a theMast, on Thursday, July 5, at I puurtuall~, orsier of the Executor of the late Mr. J. Moure. a LESEg I HOUSE. being No. 17. Riehard-Etreet, Liverpool-road, of the value ot X.24 per annum ; held for 14 years at ito per annum. May~ beviewed. and particularshad oftINm. Worship,Esq.,sa licitor, Great Yarmouth iat the-Mart; and of theauctioneers, 16,St. Paul's chuxchyard. Feckam-re,-Dtaced Rsidece, ithgarden, for os-cupacIos, of TVOLS. SON and HEARDING will SELL by AUC'',TI,ON,ath!ta on Thursday. Jluly 3, at1punctnall, b Ordier of the Exiecutor of the late M1r. J. Warin3, btamford, aLtD ROLD detached RESIDEN'CE, being 11, EIm-grove, Rye-lane, retly re.paired and lt for the ormyation ofa reepettable family, auitof the armuins -alue of £50, anud held for 411 yTears at a ground rent. MA'y be iewed, antI particnlars had on hthe premises ' of Messrs Fehe ad Son, solicitors,I62, Aldersgate-street; at the-stArt;and of Tollis, Son, and Harding, 16, St. Paul's churelsasrl. begs o anounc tha be s rcted atc AUCTiON, a7;urntue fetned lWareoo, asnboe, tffeIIte, heu eerFra more dCaimeddenscripteo of thle ppetseeutimeso l.resniors. RJONBURFORD will SELL by AUCTION, AINwithouatreserve. attheflooras, 21. Old Blond-srreec, on Tuesday. IJuly I, at 12, excelIlent FUItIaTPURE; comprisingiron and French D edicteads ant bedding, wardrobe. drawing roorm soite in rosewood, dinicge too, andI other i-bles, chimney-classes, Birussels and other carpets, pianoforte, ecetllent harp, kitchen utendis, and numerous tffects. On view Monday, June 10U, and catalogues had at the au.. tisnecr's offlces, 2f0. Thragmorfon-Etreet. Bank. Very handsome Spanish Mahogany Bed CabrFriue e it l,y utocr A 2CIO,atteoo,2.OlRodsrt,nTed s T o ul Bniadery handble adSEtofe lIE CanBE FothLerC. coPropricn Spanishn maognyeuec ofouher-ps bestad,init dLosedte perne -c..s and damas hyAUCgIngs, gOs fetheprcmbedN. veryhandsom doubclehieldas-standt with, Cityrolsad an zdiy double 4eobu and 12odhdSURPLS fitins, y iaret ad Cpean. desingtaleand glass, ma-ithesha slas, ndothrarires.Onvie Moda net,and Bathatgne, hadork Tohi Da.Wuilders,ieMarblo VanStncMsos and othkMaers. oee wRbIARSR h~as c r teevdisrctmsfo h mie)TION.i byn AUtheeiOs, NOn the p iDreie-s,to .hre , ifaecieslfllT-HtIS sout, City-oad on, Fiay,Jlt,a 2,tr u STCK adCLOKMNFCTRReosisting of blc,vin iiin.adFechmrl nt0 blocks an dg tlays pedlocumf(', Poertland, anE.Du Rtch stonee, Yor athringcs an evrlondings,aout d00awork aroom clcsi,caitavhe taroughs, four rusclbbxedsan sevrlf-ae solabs an slaerg uantityo gorldand siantlbring. asdomiselatlaesous jeelr,rns neffets. Mayb iwdth a ror n viewcminedfci.and ogezadazlogue obaindLon te premtisces; ad7a CMacry M ars' fies,2 hrot-o,Mninhue bneervday.Saloe.-ToSthptbu-Tldathran CloktMakeors, Teeimer sad others.& on eatre L the Preises No. n5 Wigwmury-steen TasedishJulye THiaBDAY, quane27, dryfl tSHe STOCKU inh TADEko ad WaTCligs andt 0 CLCK olANUFaCon Ied Beconsisting ofin aoot t clockrs in Ghet-a pendulum, ANewbrican, oHncey. Dulc o backt J, an four Ofod musca Thuxs,reaveuy10ral goddStiewaches, g old, andk silver fico hiabinsadiothe lartices ofuanetiey, ion lsafoe,ad effcts Mlanybc. vliegloed and ch od ieatalogues batm r daydLumiepby pautio on ppice,0. ainres tere Saucioee- r Mhiphiderse, erkswyCntatr, ibr daeofort , Pairoteaodernalobes, and nm-othes. E FR. GAIEEDER will SELL by AUCTION,N,tout iLthe rcrst resere at Thesdy White HarInn, Newburgdy, on i thaoy 10ehtarvs oGratd bedwing, Neerlwbury.be and Heney.Alsof at Sagle wood,hOtfrds. on,sll thuresday, Julya0.esevaral Stibks ofquneiOas Tiber I Dmcoevtonsisroa ie. CataIdbyoguer may bhe bau,tebmotonaps IyES S 1 an 1. POSEwm an-dret SONfOdrediectedapto FunSuE.L bPianofIorl, Pair tfmoer Galoes75, Pandmal o,n Wroun Rfeeta. i! tI precsly G maIR butEexcellen SOLL byAUTION o n ITR_ Ote ta,SPremises. onDuesda, Juy1,nd foglr'wingoday, among thic w be ourTnd ofd TWOien spousf AtIGCUE;cmrsn Jobdsteads aD bpeddng.eerh wardobe andcestsor wes iAgroo satuitesy in sosewrtond of card, andyVaonltabquez , eprtasy cair andronches.o lparecimnyglse, byRbnhsornaenal it,%~ )ems, and printglea sid teboard, Brselctirp inin glaKns, Be.ncay be viewed~ thMay priorand mrnna of C.s n ataloguehd- es har aoteMr. afirder' offic;e, 0 Totterrha-onrod rd Caestio ofPcues byAnietcndMoer Maters Gremoe tarain Dev. OnsiB ob odb re ofther Trasees. heir fond good pecmnso g! RuhesBrusel an rn Peehug Ws aberdanys iron epenbc Veet Hdo tandsgo( patculearln eerto faft,b eaqe otato p E& ngce ab of pain by Itue;hiorclwr, y.WsanSng. con rthaeMeck olci n the KigsBnh2yHye a o Roewdmtw dIfaysprorb, adctlgehc tMsr.Fse' fis ion V Fee T Sim pleo-Mden Fuhrniture, Grand Pisnfs, a thsew - old Paintings,oPlate Artcles amn, Table iotcr . stwot a GfrePacrm anid Cagres.l1-fee glred Show Catose, andmeothe togeheis. bth 1%,ar. IOB ER REDwlSEL athe om, garde Gratd apprtenacresghereto bcon menday, Jane pro0,y at 1fr 12 Wir UatITale,o Ilfrcompriin afolnut, reZsewod, alind~ m DCoganylao tcfrd,ctabee tocamsiom ac, au rdcnda roth eartales siebWofads. setsro chairs and Coditiongls, oaf wzigedraay baba largeso cIsar.Jond pier. glasses Burner,seeto and nother o-pets, hearthmugs fedr and Ifire-irons, tinierey, irontpl, ;and i jpnedoAain, ofour-pssl and Frenc bed.Sn Dlicatos, good glensbedd-ing arrbs,bu sad wt iti andnuerous Mtaefec tse M dayble biewelto-moroba ndcaaoge d arComprsig, -dobe-fonthied- bmer sbopDil tLIShe onrrnc of too, Rooms P lfrannur e, staein (,ocontyofdevon,e ing-one ,ct byMr. ,~~.. Siinp]c nd Inherianet fof and per all thos facoryDwpeings itarse, andjoining eahOhr,; situatem at Ilrcmb gfardekadapputretedonig,ancedtert bloning, lriate d,1ihe propzer of 4j W.illiam-sBal~Ce, flfra,letate2aoread ercased, lnTheboc i elpaton lofg reasectbetnns,n producing a getlo WPros annurmyrata lo efuu £1t,ar tice ofsland condiFationsof arIo mpayig belia? bad (gaiinfM.Jb Bdrnie,ard turer sUcisci and noar pub,Es.slic. tfombe A and of th a tioner,Basntape; ad i Lonon,of lesr. J artiFox and; Sea Msosctrs, I40, Fisbr-ciaon reus. nsrelct;z frua' .al S, Joh e-woo .-Gennno Mder Investmen Pt. riu fMISR0SraV INGf-wilC. l Se intuce AUCSEON, way's.Ci ON On Tuerday, July 15. atI precisely. inhelt byai ovrd er o rmovedafre. the aube bRick-biltoy GEaYs-EMnlane Etothe tomgiun eardouble-feronted Ficherornefr shopcandvdellinghue lefr -aI £11e peraunus,situae in COSEOLDeestet Chelsea; an camresive mann.- fatry,greomchise.ardcoc, andewolhng-ho,ure,altfr 0 e =2cannum, en Marhat-sotwreet,adjosoDr-,avnds an rneatprivsatEdelln-house Sran, mar.-ham-stnngreet, Chelsa l-fet at£0perdannum. hog edCwhole hed, o bOs lar,ase, pofducing a etable ofitder wgnhannum.nat lomwygrondret fretl eddfilndga. Parbeticlr areprpain, Sands maybe ad iZngdu tim, t heofce o C Cuf,ROnvsoicitor, d , Prt. Mandmrtingslae of' Messs.Lnsyn Mason, ntGeremshanat-tre-l, ctity- cecand ofheaucineer,od, St. Martn's-lane, Si 1, lobaes-wr-gardens,l3lyMdeprn Hoseold Fn uriture. 'stES irs.W.KionsIt d SELL by - A IJsTruteO tSL zoieL by AuCTIOy, oni thelsd aytJl 2 at 1 peiey h os avrgec-n ofs eovdfo the Repeo ostory t ra'sinnlae.tote ot FITh GSunofs moder HOUEHOLDN= comrisngaU coprsngdr Yaloat-no, weeEorktbe. uvns and ote PclIsrnamenits, Latet Cof Sptjans ra ogaf diigroBhir s,,g S-fee3rt Saish mmct,ahdZdogianypees,a ie I Brsses crpVs, indw wcill Spanis msbay AUCTIOaN, anti ute= ls uand effects.Onvewmh day, prorad om o sale-. Cteloguwinth e t premises and eez at theuto and ctte firls, I. Wellinglon-ruad,g St.ngfJohn's-wood. ~ by. 0 G loreter-g larde-s, Hye ladro.scpe, wioh m,odr iaLroixtny brls.- hmey-lt rres, Pyones;twGo sa PiDkanofot y o with withnes irotrrtvtLo tor PErLvt by AUtION by the~s Porries, Of aho,e, ca uesday,Jly thisela r 1ste,.a,2ocokprcs rs,o irj,r appendtalgnes o had rui decition v, a oswd ..tedrawin rlewuem r rutintriscn taae,wt crseo she widows Ofiel; ocrairnl, nd ancyntable,cbffnlei,vth p elat,e-gas bc, a 7-fe, 3edESlasldBSar retOPof ex venn deininfales dinneruWaon, 1o dInn Ofr oom SAI; at dttoe A rusrMeLs andeTurkeycarpets,ba altaurniure.blnds, china gflass kitchnrAclusts Fand REfTFeca Nlpbe viewaed,te a priorat; tatdeiritsc"grof al.nCatalouesho the pee-ofUtlo 1a1aale,o thelsoe Cand Cbiey a pldical ntruments, Loath, Coll,ectio is,L..fth Ct k. C. Xbr an herrndpalrctowein Kes, jbregrcat C~~~~~~ovent-garcan.Tms DAY.Jne elit cntane thm. soa Cbint f Brds I~cs th popcert o a' grats ma, dceasd, aanyef tem rce;excelcaslau o anduai, 'a7-a. elesope wih seol le-irce, g trypngroduLtioe uabar
