DEATHS. On the 2d inst.. at Castle Boroigh, county Wexford, Robert Shapand Lord Carew, K.?., aged 69. On the 31st of March, at Cape Town, Cape of Good Hope, James Nathaniel, youngest son of Peter Paterson, Esq., of Park Lodge, Highbury New-park, 3Middlesex, late of Leyton, Essex. On the 11th of AlLip last. at Guanapiato, Mexico, Maria Augustina Juana Rosa de la Luz, wife of WnL. Heath, Eat,, aged 26. Onthe24th of Aprillast, athis residence. Uplands, Colombo, Ceylon, Sir William Ozle (.arr, Kt., Chijef Justice of t1hat Islancd aged C3. On the 4th ult., at Port Royal, Jamaica, of yellow fever, Wiliam Orde Massey, Acting-Lieutenant of H-I.s M.ap Malacca, eldest eon of Win. Mdassey, Esq., ALP. On the 30th ult.. at Fishbourne, Sussex, John Vickers, aged 77, late of Graham-street west, PisnUtco. On the 31st ult., deeply and sincerely regrettel, the Rev. William Gane, rector of Cann St. Rumbold, Dorset. On the Ist inst., at 2Ieurice,s Hotel, Paris. the Rev. George Alexander lImes, aged 29, son of John Innes, Ea-., of 43, Porchesterterrace, Bayswater. On the 2d inst.. at herresidence, No. 9, Lanidowne east, Bath. 3raria Mary Ann, relict of the late Major Willam Buttanshaw, of the Bengal Army. On the 2d irnt., at 6, Salamanca-terrace, Brompton. Richard Frederick Foster, Eat., late of the Bank of Eugland. deeply and deservedly lamented by his sorrowing vidow and young fanily. On Tuesda7, the li inst.. at Waressworth, Isabella, Youngest aaughter of William Aldam, REq., of Frickley, aged 7' years. On the 4th inst., Johanna Catherine, wife of John lopton Forbes, F-q.. of Merry Oak, Slants. On the 4th inst., William Challis Grimnes, aged 35, only son of the 'ate M1r. Grimes, of Lichfield. On the 4th inst., at her residence, the Terrace, Southend. Harriet, rekzt of John Bayntun Scratton, Esq., of Milton Hall, Prittlewell, On the 4th inst., at Streatley Vicarage. Barks, after a short ilnes Juliet Sophia, the beloved wife of the Rev. James Robert Bnrgess vi.car of that palish. On the 4th inst.. at her house, at Pec'kham-rye, Miss 31ary Ann Coteld. in the 91st year of her age. On the 4th inst., at the Grove, near Sevenoaks, in his 93d year. Sir Alexander Crichton. Knight, M.D., F.R.S.. formserly physician to I.LM. Alexander L., Emperor of All the Russian. On the 4th inst.. at his residence at Ilainptoa. near Bath, Georg Townsend Browne. Eq., vyoungest son of the late Right Hon. Colonel Arthir Browne. *LP. for the county of Mayo, and grandson of the f,rst Earl of Altamout. On the 5th inst., at Petersham. Suirrey, in the 37th year of her age. C.rolue Jane, the wife of E. P. Grifitha, Esq, of Calcutta, On Tnursday. the 5th inst.. at 39. Cross-street, IsUngton. flenry Wtl i,nms, of Treariddur, in the county of AnRlese3,E3q., inthef31styear of hisage. On the5th inst., at 3, York-row. Kennington-road, Surrey, Elizabeth, the beloved wife of George Simpson, Esq.. in the 40th year of her age. On the 5th inst., at his re3idence, 2.5. Brompton-sinsre, Robert Brown, Esq., Paymaster Royal Navy, in his 74th year. Oa the 5th inst., at Lower Cheam. Surrey, Lindsay Frankland, ycungest son of the Rev. Gilbert Franleand Leowis, in his 4th year. On the 5th inst., at Bath, Sophia, vwife of James Tumstall, M.D., aged 34. On the 5th iost., in his 21st year, Richard Charles Hlasler, Lieuten3nt RS.. econd surviving son of Ricbard Slasler, EsI., of Aldingbourne Hiouse, Chichester. On the 6th inst.. azed 15 months, Bernard, youngest son of Mr. Plercival Spurling. of Peckham.
From theLONDONf GAZETTE of Friday, June 6. FOREIGN-OFFICE. MAY 23. llhe Queen has been graciously pleased to appoint Robert Boyd Lamb, Esq., to be Her Majesty's Consul in the Island of St. Thomas. DOWNING-STREET, Ju\E 5. The Queen has been pleased to appoint Fletcher Whitley, Esq., to be Receiver-General and Treasurer for the Bahama Islands. ST. JAMES'S PAT-ACE, Ju-iaE 3. The Queen has been pleased, on the nomination of the Right Hon. Lord Foley, to appoint Lieutenant-Colonel Francis Wheatley one of Her Majesty's Hon. Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms, vice White, retired. This Gazette announces that Her Majesty has commanded a medal to be granted to officers and men-both of navy and army-who were engaged in the operations in the Baltic in IS54 and 1855; but that as some months must elapse before the medals will be ready for distribution, it is requested that no application may be made for them until further notice. A notice from the Board of Trade shtes that a despatch has been received from Her Majesty's Minister at Naples, announcing that, in consequence of the cessation of the war, the measures taken to prevent the exportation of sulphuir from the Neapolitan dominions have been rescinded. COURT OF EXCHEQUER.. TR1;ITY TEIRm, 19th OF VICTORIA, WVEDNESDAY, June 4. This Court will hold sittings on Monday the 16th, Tuesday the 17th, Wednesday the 18th, Thursday the 19th, Friday the 20th, and Saturday the 21st days of June, 1856, and will at such sittings proceed in disposing of the business then pending in the paper ofnewtrials, and in the special paper, and in giving ju-dg ment in all cases then standingf for judg,ment, and Will hold a sitting on Saturday, the 28th day of June, for the purpose of giving judgments only. FRED. POLLOCK. E. H. ADEBRSON. G. BRAMWELL. WAR DEPARTMENT, PAL-ar-AL, JuE 6. GENERAL ORDER. Dated Horse-Guards, June 6. Major-General Sir William John Codrington, B.C.B., baving, with the local rank of General, commanded in Chief Her hlajesty's anny in the Crimea during a period of war, and entirely to Her Majesty's satisfaction, Her Majesty has been pleased to command that, as a mark of her Royal approbation, he be promoted to the rank of LieutenantGeneral in the army under the 10th clause of the Royal warrant of the 6th of October, 1854. By command of the Right Hon. FieldMaarshal VISCOUNT HARDINGE, Commanding-in-Chief, G. A. WETHEERALL, Adjutant-GeneraL BREVET. Mfajor-General Sir William John Codrington, K.C.B., to be Lieutenant-General in the army. WAR DEPARTMENT, PALL-AiALL, JusE 6. Ist Dragoons.-Capt. Ale.xander Nov ewel Sherson, from half-pay unat tached, to beCapt.. vieeBasset,who exchanges, receiving the difference betwveen fll payof cavalryand ful pay of infantry;* Liet. Thomas xeane Fitzgerald to be Capt.. by purchase, vice Sheraon, who retires. 7th ,ight Dragoons-The Hon. Carvl Craven £Molyneux to be Comset, by purchase, vice Seymour, promoted. 9th Light Dragoons.-AIexander h£orrogh, gent., to be Comet, by purchase, viee Tomkyns, who has retired. 22dFoot.-Lieut. Bonar hillett Deane to be Adit., vice Thomas Newton Young, who resigns the Adjutancy only. 31st Foot.-Lieut. Richard Weld Litton to be Adit., vice Pearson, promoted. 50th Foot.-Lieut. Edwvard John MliUer has been permittedto resign his commission. 8ith Foot.-The surname of the Assist.-Surg. appointed from the 13th Foot on the 29th of April last is" Poppeiwell," and not " Popplewell," as previously stated. St. Helena Regiment.-Ensign John Lysaght Hewson. from the Idmerick Militia, to be Ensign, without purchase, vice Iloyd, promoted in 4th Foot. School of' Musketry, lIythe.-Capt. AstillThomas Welsh, 80th Foot, to be Capt. Instructor of Musketry. HOSPITAL STAlF.F. Acting Assist.-Surg. Henry Maund has ceased to do duty, there being no longer occasion for his senices. Acting Assist.-Surc. Walter Clegg has ceased to do duty, there being no longer occasion for his services. BREVET. To be LTEUTITE-NAT-COLONRELS in the Army. Brevet-3major CharlesJ. Otter, 61st Foot. Brevet-Major John Williarns Reynolds, unattached, DeputyAssistant-Adjutant-General to the Forces. Brevet-Maior Edward W. 0. Wright, 91st Foot. Major Lord Alexander G. Russell, Rifle Brigade. Brevet-Major A. H. Russell, 58th Foot. Brevet-Major J. H. C. Robertson, unattached. 3Major Charles Henry Gordon, 93d Foot. Major George F. S. Call, 18th Feot. Mlajor R. D. Clephane. 79th Foot. AMajor Thomas Barries, 63d Foot. I Major P. A. Butler, 28th Foot. hMajor Andrew Broine, 44th Foot. Major HenryB. Rleare, 'Oth Foot. Brevet-Major Julius R. Glyn, Rifle Brigade. Brevet-Mlajor Henry 3l. Hlamilton, 47th Foot. Mrajor T. H. Pakenham, 30th Foot. Brevet-major hf. A. S. Biddulph, Royal Artilery. Brevet-3tajor G. H. S. Willis, 77th Foot. Brevet-Major CadwalladerAdamis, 49th Foot. Mlajor Hon. A. AL Cathrart, unattached. Ml aj or Lunley cGraham, unattached. Brtevet-Major J. B. Addison, half-pay, 97th Foot, Assist.-O.uartermatster-Gen. M3ajor John Gwilt, 34th Foot. Brevet-Mhajor H. C. C. Owven, CB.f, Royal Engineers. Major William Gordon. 17th Foot. Brevet-Major John H. Lowndes, 47th Foot. Mlajor John B. Collings, 33d Foot. 31ajor Thomas Smith, 90th Foot. To be MAjoRS in the Army. Capt. J. 31. Miacdonald, Ceylon Rifles. Capt. Robert Bates. 45th Foot. Capt. J. P. Pigott, unattached, late Ambulance Corpsr CaptH. W. Parish, 45th Foot. Capt. Robert Portal, 4th Light Dragoons. Capt. A. A. Nelson, unattached. Capt. E. J. Blanckley, 6th Foot. Cap. S. G. Bunbury, Medical Stall Corps. Capt. Robert Carey, 40th Foot. Capt. T. J. Kearney, half-pay 88th Foot, Deputy-Assist. Ouartermaster-Gen. Capt. J. P. Gore. 1st Foot. Capt. G. V. T. Rich, 71st Foot. Capt. A. bl'Rinstry, 17th Foot. Capt. Humphrey Gray, 21st Foot. Capt. R. Inglis, 18th Foot Capt. A. H. Irby, 51st Foot. Capt. NY. C. Trevor, 14th Foot. Capt. C. R. Chichester, 97th Foot. Capt. V. Payn, 53d Foot. Capt. F. Hlammemley, 14th Foot. Capt. Hercules Walker, Rifle Brigade. Capt. H. Bird.,Gold Coast Corps Capt. R. 11. Currie 39th Foot. Capt. W. Leckie, 39th Foot. Capt. Robert Blakeney, 4Sth Foot. Capt. Thomas Hutton, 4th iUght Dragoons. Capt. G.WV. H. 3Massy, 19th Foot. Capt. D. J. Gamble, 4th Foot. Capt. . T. Gloster, 38th Foot. Capt. }. E. F. CraivfurO. Royal ArtiUery. Capt. G. C. Vialls. 95th Foot. Capt. T. Vickham, 33d Foot. Capt. A. Alison, 72d Foot. Capt. T. B. Speedy, unattached. Second Capt. J. Stokes, Royal Engineers. Second Capt. Francis Du Case, Royal Engineers. Second Capt. C. I. Smith. Royal ArtiUery. Second Capt. HL T. FitzHughb Royal Artillery. Second Capt. F. J. Soady. loyal ArtiUlery. Seconld Capt. J. Godby, Royal ArtiUery. Capt. H. R. C. Godley, 28th Foot. Capt. George Chetwode, 8th Light Dragoons. Capt. F. S. Savage, 6Sth Foot. Capt. J. Perrin, 90th Foot. Second Capt. J. Spurway. Royal Artilery. Capt. C. A. B. Gordon. 60th Foot. Capt. C. V. Oxenden, Rifle Brigade. Lieut. and Capt. R. Gipps, Scots Fusileer Guards. Capt. G. S. VIsitinore, 62d Foot. Capt. B. B. Mauleverer, 88th Foot. Capt. H. Rocke, 49thl Foot. Capt. W. P. Tinley, 90th Foot. Capt. T. Tryon, 7th Foot. Capt. H. D'O. Torrens. 23d Foot. Capt. F. B. Drewe, 23d Foot. Capt. C. R. Shervington. 46th Foot. Capt G. F. Dallas, 4th Foot. Capt. J. H. F. 13kington, 6th Foot. Second Capt. N. 0. S. Tamnier, Royal ArtiUery. Second Capt. A. Y. Earle, Royal Artillery. Capt. H. Buitler, 57th Foot. C!apt. C. Lel %. Carey, 63d Foot. Capt. C. W. St. Clair, 57th Foot. Cant. B. A. T. Stew.ard, 21st Foot. Second-Capt. Arthur Vandeleur, Royal ArtiUlery. Second-Capt. Reginald Curtis, Royal AxtiUcry. Capt. J. 31. Cuppagc, S9th Foot. Capt. A. H. H. Mercer, 89th Foot. Capt. T. Gore. 58th Foot. Capt. W. H. Gilhun. 1st Foot. Capt. Frederick Smith Vacher, 331 Foot. Capt. J. Ross, Rihe Brigade. Capt, C. P. Bertram, 41st Foot. Capt. C. A. btevenson, 47th Foot. Capt. J. Aldrid o, 21st Foot. Capt. F. W. Balfotsr, Rifle Brigade. Capt. A. Ml. Earle. 57th Foot. Second.Capt.W. P. Richards. Royal Artilery. Second-Capt. H. W. J. Dashwood. Royal Areilery. Sccond-Vapt. A. Bren(don, Royal Artillery. Capt. W.. Iletcher, 44th Foot. Second-Capt. James do Havilland, Royal ArtiUlery. Second-Capt. B. G. Bredin, Royal Artillery. Capt. C. Hi. BRll. Cape Mounted ofithemen. Second-Capt. W. H. R. Simpson Royal AriUlesry, Capt. t1. Walker, id Foot. Second-Capt. G. A. itilman, Royal Artillery. Second-Capt. C. B. Burt, Royal Artillery. Second-Capt. llaslitt Irvine. Royal Artillery. Second-Capt. S. WI. Grylls, Royal Artillery. Wieut. and Ct. . M. L. Goodlaee, ColdIstream Guards. COMMISSIONS Signed by the L0orD-LIrmUTANT of the NorthRidig of YoTlTsNnxA ) Nort,h York RiSe Regiment of Milita.-Charles James Devonshire, Rent. to be .Assist.-Sllrrg. vice Atkinson, promoted to be Smur. E nsign 1{enry JameseStory, to be .ieut., viceWithington, promoted to be Capt. By the Lop.n-LIs.urF?cAx-- of the County of Norrxcls.A2,r Royal Sherwvood Foresters or NXotitarghainshire Regiment of Militia. -Robert Bigsby. formerly Lieut., has received permission to retain bis rank and wear his uniform. PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED. bL A. and C. Elitchcock. WVithaTn, Essex,schoolsaistresses-T. Denison and H. C. Poole, Bradford, Yorkshire, stuff merchants.-A. L. Calmanl and Co.. Padiliam. cotton-spinners.-Newton and Stubba, Vauxhall Saw-nills.-C. Rider and D. Atkinson, Leeds, stone suerehants.-W. Hayward and G. Smitb, Birmingl;Im Iinendraperq.- F. and S. Downs, aransfield, bntchers.-B. and E. iL Bniight, Birmig-ham, chYmists.-G. and J. Ellis, Todidington, Bedfordsbire, carriers.-Taylor and Perrott, Mumford-court, Milk-street, commimion agents.-I. Moss and W. Cohen, Sheffleld, jewellers.-G. Purkes, and Son, Coreten-street, Solio, and Salisbury-street, Lieson-grove. bookseilem.-aVriglit and Capes. Baurton-upon-Treat, engineers.-Holmes anld Daw son, Calverley, Yorkshire. quarry mastersa-Cartcr ar.dBooth, Halifax.and Bradlford, Yorkshire. laud azents.-R. Rostron, T. Button. S. hL. RooX-cr, .andG. Pat:liett; as far as regards G. Patchets. -TMfoore and Wilson., Harplane, Great Towecr-street, wvholunlec teadealers.-A.dansson, HIarrey, and Co.. MeIlbomurn, snerchants.-J. Richardson and Co., .dinburglh and Glasgow ; as far as regards G. B. DECLARATIONS OF DIVIDENDS. R. Brooks. Blackbiun and Blackpool. draper-further (iv. ld., Tuesday, June 17, or any subsequent Tuesday, at Mr. Fraser' fanchester. W.H.Wearn, Port-ea, grocer-first div. of S3d., any Monday, at Ir. Cannan's. Aldermanbiury. IhL Davids, Mliddle-row, Holbomn, milliner-first div. of3s., Wealnsday next, andtwo subsequent WVednesdays, at Mr. Lee's, Aldermanbury. G. Batcock, Brighton, apothecary-second and final dlv. of 4 Se., Wednesday next, and two subsequent Wednesdays at 'Mr. Lee's, Aldermanbury. G. F. Cragga. Coburg-road, Old Kent-road-first div. of 3s. 3d., Wednesday next, and two subsequent Wednesdays, at Mr. Edwards'as Sambrook-court, BasinghaUl-strect. R. Wall, Piccadilly. saddler-firstdiv. of., Wednesday next, and two subsequent Wednesdays, at Mr. Edwards's, Sambrook-court, Basinchall-strest.' ( Hart, Stransd,ironmonhger-second div. 0ld., any Wednesday, F. White, Ewell and Chelsea, brewer-aecond ilv. of Ed., any Wednesday, at r. W shitmeorn'a, Basmiuha ot-atreet. - ~~~BAI4RDFTS, John Avery NRanscawren Daw e, Jannes Hodges CottreDl, and Thomas Benham, Laurence Pountney-lane and Momgate-strect, seedr merchants, tO surrender JuneYt7. at 11 o'clock, July 15, at 12. at the BankruPts' Court: solicitor, Mr. Cranch, London-street, city; official assignee, Mr. Stanisfeld. Joseph Sanuel Robinson, Brook-street. lew-roasd. and elsewhere, stonemasoni, June 17, at 2 o'clock, July 15, at half-past 12, at the Bankrupts Court: solicitoMrs, essOr. Lawrance, Flews, and Boyer. Old Jcwry-chansbers; official assignee. Mr. Stansfeld. Anton Leo, Jeffrey-square S.&Miiry-axe, merchant, June17, at half-ast 12 o'clock, July 15. at 11, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, Mr. 'topher. Cheapside ; official assignee. Mr. Grahm. Johr Willliam Clarke, Buy) St, Edmund's, ironmuonger, June 13 st 12 o'clock, July A t28,at at the Bankrutpts' Cormt: sohcitor W. Godddahrd. Kinstreet, Cheapside; ofticial asnee lir. Pennell; Thon=a Dickson, jun., Bishopsgate-street within, and Manchester, merchant. June13. at 11 o'clock, July 28, at 12, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors, Messes. Lawrane, Plers, and Boyer Old Jewrychambers: official assignee, !r. Pennell, Guildhal-chambers. George Josiah Palmer, sen., Savoy-street, Strand. pruiter June 24, at half-past 2 o'clock, July 22. at 12. at the Baunkrupts' CAurt solicitors, Messrs. Lawrance, Plews, and Boyer, Old Jewrys-,hambers ofheial assignee, Mr. Lee, Aidermanbury. George Tarlington, Devonshire-street Portland-place, lodging-house keeper, June 13, at hall-past 12 o'clock, July 18, at 11, at the Banlcrupts' Court: solicitor, Mfr. Dean, NewBroad-street; official assignee, M1r. Cannan, Aldermanbury Frederick Cooper, Derby and Cheadle. currier, June 24, July 8, at half-past lOo'dlock, at the Birmingham District' ourtof Bankruptcy, at.Nottingham : solicitors, Mr. Baker, Derby. and Air. Reece, Birmingham oicial assignee, Mr. Harri6, Nottingham. James AVrikbt, Bristol, cheese factor, June 17. July 14 at 11 'clock, at theq ristol District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors, Mteasrs, Bevan and Girling, Bristol: official assignee, Mr. Miller, Bristol. George WorraliJones, Crickhowell, banker. June 18, Jnly 15, at ll o'clock, at the Bri6tol District Court of Bankruptcy: sollcitors, -Messrs. Price, Abergavenny, and Mr. Gooldea, Bristol; offcial ansignee. Mr. Acraman, BristoL Robert Fisher. Exeter, builder. June 12 and July i0, at 1 o'clock at the Exeter District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitor, Mr. StogdonD Exeter; officdal assignee, Mr. Hirtzel, Exeter. George Frederick Abbott. Cloua'eilty and. Manchester, draper, June 20, July 11, at 12 o'cockr at the Zfachester District Coulrt of Bankruptcy: solicitors, ide6srs. Salaer and Myers, lilanchester;- official assignee. MIr. Hornaman. Mranchester. July1, at12 oclock, at th=Manchesterutrict Court of Bankrptcy: solicitor, Mrr. Taylor, Manchester; official as-ignee, fMr. Pott, Man. DIVIDENhDS. June 27, J. Milson, Barking, eorn-dealer.-June 27, 0. J. Hunt, Cork-street. Burlingtogardens, and elsewhere, billiard table-maker. -June 27. J. Seager, lungorford-wharf. Strand, wine merchantJune27. G. Pell, Welford, MIorthamptonshre, scrivener.-June 28,J. Scott, Trinity-square, Tower-hill, ship-chandler.-June 30, W. Rich Park-lane, tailor.-June 30, R. Miles, city merchant.-June 30, G. Rivers, Twickenhuan, upholsterer-June30,E. LJavrance, East Barnet buUlder.-June 27, F. )acques. Droyisdcn. silk dyer.-June 27,J. B. Carr, Ashton-under-Line, brewer.-June 28, J. vartwright. Birmingham, factor.-June 24. J. Simpson, leeds, woolstspler.-June 24, J. Smilthson, Mirfield, Yorkshire. eoru-msler.-June 24 1.. Jagger, Muddersfield, vvooLen cloth-manufacturers-July 7. W. Crot ther, califax nmkeeper.-June 27, J. Douglas, Yorkr, tailor.-June 27, G.OC MIedd, Leeds, grocer. CERTIFICATES to be granted unless cause be shownL to the contrary on the day of meeting. June 27, E. Polkard, Drury-lane, grocer.-June 27 J Taylor, iun Wloowich, licensed victualler.-June27, *. H. and J. F. S. Woollett Iame-street-square, ship agents.-July ],S. Harvey, Cardiff, outfitter. -June 30, W. Sherratt. Crewe, Cheshire, innkeep-r. SCOTCH SEQUESTItATIONS G. Gowan, Edinburgh, architect, June 18, at 2 oclock, at Dowells and Lyon's rooms. Edinburgh. R. White. Glasgow, provision merchant, June 17, at 12 o'clock, at the Crow Hotel, Glasgow. TEE CORN AVERAGES. General Weekly Average received in theweekended Mav 31. 1kU *- The Average Prie of Brown orMu%covado Suag, comrputed from the retums made in the week ending the 3d of June, exclusive oE Customs' duties paid or payable thereonon the importation thereof into Great Britain. FromtheBritish possessions In Aerloa . 2 7 percvt. From the Mazuritilus .. . . . . 27 3 rromtheEastIndies. 27 53 The average price of the three foregolug de- By authority oE Farliamenrxt, HvaerL Bxcma-i Clerk of the Grocers' Company. Srocers'.hall, June 6.
THE CONVVICT PALMER. STATFOR~D, JUN,E 0. The prisoner William Palmer stiUl remains in Stafford Gaol awaiting the execution of the sentence of death, which will be carried into effect on Sat-rday next, the 14th inst. Since he has been in this custody a great many statements have been made public with regard to his conduct that are entirely without foundation, and some of them, for the sake of the authorities of the prison, require contradiction. Among these is one that appeared originally in a Manchester paper, in which it was representedthat some person had obtained admission to the gaol, and that he saw the prisoner walking in the garden, and that he offered him a cigar, and asked him to have a glass of wine with him; and it was represented that then some conversation took place witlh reference to Palmer notbeing able to name the -wnning horse for the Derby. To those who are acquainted with the nature of the gaol regulations and the manner in which Major Fudford, the governor, performs the duties that devolve upon him such a story as this would not require any observation; but, as many may not be aware of these circumstances, it is advisable to state that the whole of this tale is an entire fabrication. Since he has been brought back to Stafford no one has seen him-of course, with the exception of Major Fulford, the governor, and the REev. H. J. Goodacre, the chaplain-bat his three brothers and his sister. He has not even been seen by Mr. Smith, his attormey. According to the provisions of the Gaol Act, every prisoner under sentence of death is ordered to be placed in some secure confinement, apart from all other prisoners, and no one is alRowed to see him except by an order of the visiting justices. This rule has been most strictly enforced, and, winth the exception of those above-mentioned, nlo person has been admitted to see the prisoner except Mr. Wright, a gentleman who, from philanthropic motives, vits the different prisons, and who has a special orderfrom the Secretary of State to admit him to every prison in the country. Hasing referred to the number of false statements that have been made public in reference to this notorious culprit, it may be stated that the facts about to be stated were communicated to our reporter by Major Fulford, the governor of Stafford Gaol, personally, and their authenticity may therefore be folly rehed on. It would appear that ever since the prisoner has been in the gaol since his conviction he has presented the same cold and unmoved appearance that has characterized him throughout the whole of the proceedings. There appears to be good grounds for believing that a good deal of this has been assumed, and that those intrusted with his defence have iistilled into him very strongly thenecessity of making as much show of indifference as possible, as being the most likely course to assist them in their endeavours to obtain a commutation of the sentence. He has paid very little attention to the exhortations of the worthy chaplain of the gaol; and, although he seemed to be a little moved by the conversation of Mr.. Wright, who entreated him in the most earnest manner to repent, and endeavour to make some atonement for his crimes by admitting the justice of his sentence, it was very evident that the effect soon wore away, and he speedily resumed his callous and indifferent appearance. Bef ore his removal to London to take his tral lie constantly attended divine service in the chapel, a seat being provided for him, in which he was screened from the observation of all the other prisoners; but since his return he has never once v%isited the chapel. It appears, however, that he devotes a good deal of his time to reading the religiouis books that are provided for him, and also the Holy Scriptures, in hIs cell. Palmer very seldom alludes to his trial, and when be does so he ap pears principally to complain of the sunaming up of the Lord Chief Justice. Ile has also stated that he entertamned the behef that he should be acquitted aU the time thejury were engaged in deliberation ; but that when they returned, and he observed the countenance of the foreman, he was at once aware what the decision was that they had arrived at. Since the prisoner's return to Stafford Gaol under the warrant of executien Major Fulford has received sonic hundreds of letters from all parts of the country in reference to the prisoner. Many of them, no doubt, are from well intentioned persons, and enclosing tracts and religious pamphlets. Therehas also been a great deal of poetry enclosed in letters, all written with the view of bringing the miserable man to a consideration of his position. The governor of the prison was requested to hand these papers to the prisoner, aid to acknowladge the receipt of them; and it appears that in consequence of his not having done so sonic complaints have been made to the Post-office authorities, upon the supposition that the letters have miscarried. The real fact is, however, that if all those pamplIlets and tracts liad been handed to the prisoner he would not, from their voluminous character, actually ha-ve had time to read them during the brief period of his existence that still remains, and, under these ciroumstances, Major Fulford felt it right to conimunicate with the visitingjustices upon the subject, and by their orders he has refrained froi placing any of the documents in tle bands of the prisoner. It is obvious that the governor of the prison, were he over so much inclined to do so, has not the time or opportunity to comply with the request of the writers of this mass of letters, and acknowledge the receipt of each individual's comunnication. in addition to the correspondence above mentioned, Major Fulford has received a nuisber of other letters in reference to the prisoner, and souse of them are of a very extraordinary character. The following is a copy of one received on Thursday, It was dated from Stafford, and addressed to Major Fislford: " Sir,-Let me acquaint you that it is the intention of Palmer's relatives to get something conveyed to him to destroy himself; and it is believed that his son vwill be the instrument for so doing. Should not that be accomplished, he will try throwving Jimself off the gallows. Ibelievehis friends rely upon him 'squaring' one or more of his keepers. This was signed "A An Inhabitant of Rugeley, and posted at tlns towvn for fear of its being known." Another communication of a curious kind has also been received from a man at Newport, who expresses an anxious desire to be allowed to act as the executioner, and who states that he slhall be " proud" of being the executioner of Palner. The prisoner is never left a moment alone. Two of the principal warders of the prison are engaged in watcling him alternately day and night; so that even if he entertanued any intention of destroying himself, or even had the nieans, there would not be the slightest opportunity for his carringit isto effect. A variety of absurd suggestionssuch as his having poison concealed in his ears, that he had sharpened one of his nails suliciently to open a vein, and thus bleed to death-have been made to t e governor of the prson in reference to this subject.
[Advertisement.]-To the Astronomical.-The six large maps of the stars on the Gnomonie rojectien by Sir J. Lubbock, published by the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge, have passed into the hands of Dean and Son, 31, Ludgate-hill, who have, to effect a vide circulation of these beautiful maps, reduced them from 15s. to 7s. 6d. the set, trusting to the expectation of a very large sale for remuneration, andalso for the other result, an extension of desirable knowledgce. rA_dveltisement.]-Major-GeneraI SirW. F.Wnillias,B.art authenticPortr,it of the Hero and nine other steel engravings in Division 3 of " Nolan's Illustrated History of the present War against Russia. Thisvvork is embellshed with portraits of eminent commanders, engravedby special permission from originalDi#tnres Views of the Seat o£ War, from Sketches takern on the spot; Battles by Sea and Laund, Maps, Plans, k.. from the mant authentic sources. Each shilling part contains 40 loly-printed super-royal Sro paes and tvwo steel engravings, executed expressly for the workr Now ready, neatly bound in scarlet cloth, and gilt, Divisions 1,2, and3, price Os. each, comprising 200 pages and II plates, James a. Virtue, City-road, and2fi, Ivy-lane, Lodon.
PARLIAMBNTARY INTELLIGE.NE R HOUSE OF LORDS, FMrnY, Ji, 6. The LORD CHAicELLoB took his seat on the woolsack at fi o'clock. Lord DENMATN eomplained that some remarks which had fallen from him last evening with reference to the limited Liability Bill had been misapprehended by the reporters; he had spoken of the bill of last session, and had not said a single word about the measmre now before their lordships. The noble lord, as well as could be understood, proceeded to say that he did not know whether there was any feeling of personal malice towards him on the Dart of the leading journal, but this was notthe first time he had been misapprehended by it. Luring the war it was declared in that journal that Lord Rokeby was so deaf as to be unfit to command a regiment. This he had denied, but afterwards there appeared a letter in lyte Timev:, sayin that he knew nothing about acoustics, and treatmg him with the utmost contempt. He had, nevertheless, eutertained no ill-will towards that paper, and had continued to read it, when some time afterwards there appeared a letter from one of its correspondents in which Lord Rokeby was described as being as deaf as a post. Then, he confessed, he could stand it no longer. In Canada, during the time of Lord Metcalf, very great misrepresentations had been made by the press, in consequence of which one of the journals so offending had been excommunicated. He assured their lordships that he niade these remarks fromi no wish to bring his name before the public; but those who professed to give trath to the public ought to adhere to the truth, and to apologize when they found themselves in the vwrong. He felt strongly on this subject, and had written a letter to the Stanlard, a paper to which his late lamented father used sometunes to contribute. If newspapers did not adhere more stnctly to the truth, they ought to bh treated in the same way as certain tradesmen were treated by the students at Oxford. The misrepresentations made as to Sir WiliamEyre's departure forlMontreal with troops had never been corrected, the journal making that statement had never owned that it was in the wrong. He was not going to complain of the gentlemen behind the clock (looking at the reporters); they might leave his name out entirely if they chose; but they ought to do more justice to those whom they endeavoured to report. In conclusion, he would remind their lordships of the well-known maxim-Xaogna est veritas et prwvaceibl [The above is, we believe, as far as could be gathered, the substance of the remarks of the noble lord. We would gladly have omitted aU notice of them, had we not feared that, as they involve a sort of censure of this journal, our motiveswould be liable to misconstruction. Theincoherent character of the noble lord's observations both on this and a subsequent occasion during the evening was painfully evident. In referring to a matter of such extreme delicacy we trust the noble lord's friends will do us the justice to believe that we are influenced by no feeling but that of respect for one bearingthe honouredname of Denman.] DRAUGHTS ON BAKEERS BILL. Lord MONTEAGLE moved the second reading of this bill, which had come up, he said, from the House of Commons, where it had been passed unanimously. Lord CAIPBELL had not the smallest objection to the bill, which he thought would prove very harmless, and which he believed had, in the first instance, been occasioned by a decision which he had given in the Court of Queen's Bench upon the subject of crossed checks. The bill did not affect that decision, but it would afford a limited security against a too great circulation of bills, because it provided that the bearer or drawer of a draught on a banker might write "and Co." across it, in 'which case it would only be ayable to a banker, but, at the same time, there was no aoubt that the draught would be negotiable in the same way as any other security for money. The LORD CHANCELLOR was very glad that no opposition was offered to this bill, which would, he believed prove of great service by affording that limited check to which his noble and learned friend had referred against the too great circulation of bills. The bill was then read a second time. CAPITAL PtNISHMENT OF WOMEN. Lord St. LEONARD'S rose to ask the noble earl opposite if it was the intention of the Government to introduce any measure to provide for the abolition of capital prnishment in the case of women convictel of murder? He could assure their lordships that he did not ask this question with any view of impressing upon the Government the propriety of introducing any sueh measure, for, if such a one were to be introduced, he would be one of its most strenuous opposers; but he had been led to do so by the circumstance that, judging from the evidence 'which was open to all, in the most atrocious cases of murder of their iliegitimate children by women, the capital sentence had not been carried into effect. If he were told that the persons thus allowed to escape had been respited after a full inquiry into themerits of the case on the part of the Government, then he had nothing more to say; but it was most desirable that some such statement should be made. He would not revolt their lordships by entering into any of the details of those murders, but there could be no doubt that they were of a character which had attracted public attention to a considerable amount. Now, if it was the opinion of the Government that the public execution of women was revolting to the general feeling of the country, and that these women had therefore been respited, that ought to be stated, and then the exact state of the case would be known; and he himself would have a great deal to say upon the subject, because that would be abrogating the law of the land; whereas, if these women were spared on the ground of extenuatmng circumstances he should be quite content. If, however, they had been spsared on the ground that the execution of women,even for murder,was revolting to the public mind, then he could only say that that might be a reason for endeavouring to render the details of a female execution less revolting, bat it was no reason for abrogating the EarlGRANVILLE said, that it was not the intention of the Govermient to introduce any measure with the view of maldng any such change, nor was it the intention of the Government, or more especiaUy of his right hon. friend the Secretary for the Home Department, to advise the exercise of the prerogative of mercy by the Crown. It was most inconvenient that the exercise of the prerogative of the Crown should be discussed in either louse of Parliament; but he could, with regard to the cases referred to by the noble and learned lord, assure him that his right hon. friend had advised the exercise of the prerogative of mercy in those cases only after a careful consideration of the evidence and all the circumstances of the convictions. Lord CAMPBELL agreed with the noble earl as to the inconvenience of Parliament discussing in each particular case the exercise of the prerogative of the Crown. The ight hon. gentleman at the head of the Home Department bad for many years discharged the duties of that office with the greatest ability and impartiality, as had also Mr. Waddington, the Under-Secretary. He should very much regret if it should be supposed that it was the determination of the Government not to carry the sentence of death into execution in any case in which a woman was convicted of murder ; and he now heard, therefore, with much satisfaction that no suchrule had been laid down. The first person upon whom it had been his painful duty to pass sentence of death happened to be a wroman, but she went by the name in the county where she lived of Sally Arsenic," and she had murdered he knew not how many persons before the case could be satisfactorily brought home to her. She had attained such a consummate skill in the crime, and apportioned the doses with such nicety and minuteness that it was impossible to trace the death directly to the poison, and it became necessary, therefore, to indict her not for wilful murder, but for administering poison with intent to murder. Upon this indictment she was found gulty and executed. At the time of her trial the practice of poisoning by arsenic had become frightfully common in the county where she lived, but he believed that since her execution it had entirely ceased. (Hear, hear.) To lay down the rule, therefore, that no woman should suffer the last sentence of the law would, in his opimnon, lead to most disastrous consequences, because, mihappily, we knew from history that women had been driven to the detestable crime of poisoning quite as frequently as the other sex. He had heard with satisfaction from his noble friend the President of the Council that it was in consideration of the specialcircumstances of the two cases which had been alluded to by the noble and learned lord (Lord St. Leonard's) that the prerogative of mercy had been exercised; and he had no doubt, from what he anew of the Secretary of State for the Home Department and of the lUnder. Secretary, that extenuating circumstances had been discovered in those two cases, and that the prerogative had been rightly exercised. He was glad to hear that there was no intention to alter the law of the lanid upon this sulbject. HOSPITAL ON\ SOUTHAMPTON WATER. The Earl of HARDWICKE inquired whether the building which it was proposed to erect on the Southampton Water was to be a hospital, an arsenal, or a barrack? The building, he luderstood, was to have a frontage of 1,400 feet, and it must necessarily have an effect upon the value of the surrounding property. He could say nothing with regard to -the propriety or otherwise of the site chosen, except that he believed that a fabulous price had been given for the land, that no water had been found, and that the air was considered relaxing. Earl GRAI\WILLE was unable, in the absence of his noble friend the Secretary for War, to give the information sought. PUBLIC HEALTH SUPPLEMUENTAL BILL. On the motion of the Earl of HAlPnownBY, this bill was read tle second tine. HIAY AND STRAW TRADE BILL. This lordships went into committee upon this bill. Lord CAM-PBELL moved the omission of clause 1, which was entirely unnecessary, its object being carried out by the existing act. The Earl of EGLINTOUNT said that if he were to omit the first clanse he might as well withdraw the bill altogether. The object of the clause was to amend a defect in the present act, which required that the adulterator of hay and straw should also be the seller before he could be punished. Lord STANLEY of ALDERLEY objected to the bil in toto; but, the select committee having reported in its favour, he would not press his opposition fuither. He thought the first clause wasunnecessary. Lord St. LEONARD'S supported the clause, which corrected a mistake in the 36th of George Im The LORD CHANCELLOR suggested that, instead of passing the clause in its present shape, it would be better to adopt the words of the existing act, omitting those which werc objectionable. The suggestion was approved, and the clause as amended agreed to. On the motion of Lord STANLEY of ALpnDEar=, a clause was introduced limiting the operatiox of the bill to the cities of London and Wgestminster, and 30 mailes in the vicinlity. The remaining clauses were agreed to with verbal amendments, and the House resumed. APPELLATE TURISDICTION BlIL. -Earl GRAVILLE intimated the consent of the Crown to the introduction of this bill, and then moved that it be read a third time. The Earl of CANCOARTYcownplained that, so rapid had been the progress of the bill since the presentationi of the committee's report, he had been unable to expres3 his opinion regarding it. The report of the comumittee had been made public only on last Saturday week, and the first time he heard of the bill wa in Paris on Mionday evenin-. He bastened to town and arrived last night just too ste Xo take part in the discussion on bringing up the report. There was nothing in the report or in the evidence on which itwas founded to warrant so serious an innovation as was proposed in the b'll; and there was, in his opinion. a marked inconsistency between the provisions of the biU with reference to life peerages and the resolution recently passed by their lordships House. He could see no necessity for the creation of these life peerages; he sAw greAt danger in the proposal; and therefore he wonld be no party to the passing of the measure. The evidence didnot go to showthat the legal profession were incapable of maldkig a sufficiency whichmight enablethemn to sn5tainthedignityof the peerage - and he w031dsay that apersonwvhohadnotmade a siciency w ould be an imnproper person to select even for a life peerage. Why wras it considered right that a peer should be possessed of property?7 Because it gave him a legitimate influence in the district where he lived, and gave him an interest in upholding the property of the country. But there were other qualifications besides wealthwhich must betaken into account, if once they recognized the principle of life peerages. There was education and moral charactermatters of the highest possible importance-as well as professional ability, so that once admit the principle and they mrust go far beyond the question of welth. le regarded ti measure with considerable apprehension, for he believed that in tampering with privileges which had belonged to that branch of the Legislature from time immemorial they perilled the highest interests of the country. He thought life peerages were most objectionable, inasmuch as persons upon whom such dignities were conferred would be in an inferior position to other members of their lord. ships House. Re was surprised that such a measure should have been advocated by lawyers, who, he thought, had scarcely done justice to their own profession. The bill left in doubt a matter of very great importance-namely, whether the Crown, in 'ireating life peerages, was limited to the rank of baron. He apprehended that if the Crown possesEed the prerogative of creating a peer for life with the rank of baron, it equally possessed the right of creating a life peer with the rank of a duke. Ie must al so remind their lordships that, at the death of a life eer, his family would be deprived oE the right of precedence which they enjoyed duringbialifetime, and althoughlprecedence might seem a very trilling thing in the abstract; it frequently involved most important consequences. He would only add that he must decline the remotest de"ree of responsibilityin connexion with a measure vhich he believed would befatal to the influence, the usefulness, and the stability of that House, and vws fraught with imminent danger to the welfare of the country. Lord DENMAN, in moving that the bill be read a thira time that day six months, was understood to complain that in the report of the committee the views of his father on the subject of the appellate jurisdiction of the House of Lords were misrepresented, and he proceeded to read extracts from the speeches and correspondence of the late Lord Denmar to Ehow that he was strongly opposed to the abandonment by that House of its powers as a court of appeal. The noble lord having also condemned the bill for failng to carry out the full intentions of the committee animadverted on its omission of any provision insuring the attendance of the lay lords at the court of appeal, and warned the Howse not to delegate its judicial functions to a few lawyers. After several other rambling observations, he concluded byr m=OVig that the bill be read a third time that day sIX months. The Earl of DERBY.-I should be sorry if your lordshipe. were to proceed to a division before an answer had beea given to the objections urged against this bill by my noble fniend behind me (the Earl of Clancarty). With regard to, the objections of the noble and learned lord who has just satdown, I must say that, though I listened with great attentien, I am very nearly as ignorant of their meaning as I was before the noble lord rose. (A laugh.) The arguments of my noble friend behind me are, on the contrary, very clear and distinct, but I trust I shaUlbe able to convince him that they may be easily answered. In tne first place, my noble friend complained that there has been great .haste in - introducing this bilL It is true that no very great length of time has elapsed since the comniittee appointed to consider the question to which the bill relates presented their report to your lordships, but the noble lord must not infer from that fact thatS the mea- sure has been hastily adopted. I can assuremynoble friend. that in the whole course of my Parliamentary experience I do not remember any subject which has been more calmly, deliberately, and imDartiaRy sifted than this most important question with regr to the appllate jurisdiction of your lordships' Hiouse. 3Ny noble mncud must bear in mind that, though no long period has intervened between the presentation of the report andthe introduchonof the bill,theHuse was placed in a psihion of no uncommon difliculty and inIconvenience hefore the committee was a ppointed. It was already sufficiently embarrassing that there should have axisena controversy which placed this House in apparent antagonism with the Crown on a question of privilege, and which put a noble and learned lord, whom, from his high personal character and his gre.t attainments, your lordships. would have been happy to receive among you, in the anonialous and distressing position of having received from the Crown a title of honour which did not confer upon him those privileges which it was the obvious intention of Her Majesty that he should enjoy. But, in addition to these difficultics, the inquiries of the committee had almost placedthe appellate juristiction of your lordshipe' House in abeyance for a time, and, by throwing a doubt. not on the mode in which that jurisdiction had been ordiiuiw exercised, but on the sufficiency of the rrangemients made for its exercise, had shaken tbe confidence of the public in your decisions, and placed the law lords in a situation of some anxiety and embarrassment, from which it was desirable that they should be relieved as soon as possible. It is not to be denied that, while the witnesses examined before the committee bore willing testimonyto the zeal, learning, and ability displayed by the law lords, they also showed that there was among the leading members of the bar ave'ry decided opinion that the compasstionofthegreatappeiate tribunal ofthe nationwas not onte whole satisfactory. It appeared to be admitted on all hands that there were elements of uncertainty, not as regarded the competency of the law lords in attendance-for on that point there could be no second opinion-but with reference to their number. (Hear, hear.) Theunsatisfactoryresult of this state of things was, that sometimes two noble and. learned lords of equal abilitywere divided in opinion on the case under consideration, while on other occasions one nobleandlearnedlord, who was assisted-Iwillnot say by the opinion, but-by the presence of two lay peears who took no part in the proceedingA, had to perform the delicate and difficult duty either of reversing or of affirming a judgment pionounced by the united judges of the court belowv. The noble and learned lord (Lord Denman) concurs in anm opmon not unfrequently expressed, that it is desirable that lay lords should take a real and practical part in the appelate jurisdiction of your lordship>' House. Now, I do not mean to undervalue the advantage of peers not connected with the legal profession directing their attention to the consideration of the law and the investigation of legal questions, but, when the law is to be solenlny decided by way of appeal fronm the judgments of the highly qualified perEons who preside in the various courts throughout the country, I cannot but think that it is of the first importancethat such decisions of thel^w should rest upon the gravest and mostindisputable autboritv of this House. (hear, hear.) And I also think that if the lay lords should take upon themselves to gocounter to the opinions of the learned individuals who by their previous professional practice and their high reputation have won the honour of a seat in your lordships! house, such a proceeding would be highiy detriinental to the administration of justice, and would shake all confidence in your lordships' House as a court of appeal. The question, Omen, which the committee had to consider was how these various difficulties might best be solved. In thefirstplace, there was the difficulty caused by the belief, on the part of the Queen's advisers, that Her Alajesty bad, by virtue of her prerogative, the power of conferring peerages for life. A considerable majority of your lordships' House canme to the conclusion that the Crown's prerogative gave no such power,. and that even, though it did, the exercise of such a- power would be exceedingly dangerous. We went ainto cowmtittee, hownever, not with the viep of azertainling whether tbe Crown, had or haa nob tbat powUer, butfor the purpose of inquiring whether the appellate jurisdiction stoodm i need of amendment; and, if so, -whether itwould be possible to devise, in order to its amuendment, any plan preferable to that of creating a certain number of nonhereaitay judicial peerages. Tie committee were, with one exception, unanimous that it was most expedient that the supreme appellate jurisdiction should be retained in your iordshtps' hands. That exception was the noblo earl opoosite (the Earl of Aberdeen), w'ho thought. that Scotch appeals should be referred to an aDpellate tribunal in Scotland, or, at least, that the suiies-- tionto that effect was worthy of consideration. AVith this qualified exception, the conclusion of the comunittee was nnanimonsthat,^ourlordsbips' House should continue tobe the great court of final appeal for the nation, and' that it should consist of not lss thafn threc judgen. tUnder the present constitution of the House, it was not possible to -secure the infallible attend-. ance ot three eminently qualified judges, and hence the necessity for the biU now under considoration. Ag thimgs now staid, the attendance of all the law lords, with the single exception of the Lord Chancelor, is absolutelygratuitous anld voluntary. (Hear, liar.) It is not more their duty than that of any other of your lordships to attend at the hearing of appeals. It so happens tbat of late years we have had amo^ng us a numlber of learned men connected with the profession of the law, but -we cannot becertain that this will always be the casc, nor shouldwe forget, that it has occasionally occurredthatowvin- to the accidental absence of some of the law lords, appeals Tave been argue& before two, and sometimeseven before onc, of such peers. A, increase in the number of the law lords a aan obvious suggestion, but there aremanifest objections both to the needless multiplication of hereditary peerages and to the introduction into this house of an unnecessarily large number of lawyers. It has been said by my noble friend on my rieht that the judges selected for judicia office here arc not likely to be qualiied for that post, uimless they are persons who have realized a fine inmeone by their professional practice. The attaimnent of large fortunes, it is said, is so rare in these days, that year after year there would be a smalltr number of lawyers illingto saddle their successors with anhereditarybpeerugel t he same time the committee felt it absolutely neceuipty that we should have in this house, fo: the purposes o its appellate jurisdiction, the services of the-most eminent lawyers of whom this country can boast. Well, then, it seemed very desrabletat these learned persons should be members of this House, while it was admitted that YOn could not always perde eminent lawyers to accept the prospective burden of if an hereditary peerage. at, then, were we todo? It appeared to the committee that the meot obvious ]node-of proceeding was to enalle the CJrown to appoiat A Iimitd nmbner of peers for life-offiicial peerspeers appointe3 -ja consideration of the dischag of certaiul duties/, and no x4re of hereditry peers than the right rev, bench opposite,_wbe
I HOUSE OF COMMONS, FRIDAY, JVE 6. The SrrEiKr. took the chair at 4 o'clock. PRIVATE TB USINm SS. The folowing bils were read a third tine and passed:Deeping Fen Drainage Bill, and the North British Railway Bill. Petitions ware presented by AUderman CusT, from citizens and ra2tpayers of the city of London (2)- by Sir J. Drxr, from the inhabitants of the wards o# idgate and Walbrool;; and by 3Ir. MALSTEIRUx, from the Csmpany of MVusicians, against the London Corporation Bil. Petitions were also presented by Mr. HEADLSx, fram the Literary Society of Newcastle, in favour of the bill for exempting literary soceties from the payment of rates ; L Mr. L. KING, from Wiliam S. Benton, of Dorking, complaining that in order to obtain 350l. the law charges amounted to 9501., and praying for investigation al reform of the Court of Cbancery; by Mr, MrxtY- from Fainford, GlocOgter, Bridgnorth, Salop agairt iall piblic grantg t9g 4ti05ous bodies in Ire- land; by Mr. PELTATr, from the dealers and consumers of bay and straw in the metropolis, praying the House to pass the bill now pending to abolish the gross frauds in the] hay and straw trade; by Mr. ADDEaTEY, from Bushbury against church-rate abolition; and from Wetton, Grindon, Alstonfield, and Butterton against the Poor Law Amendment Bill; by Mr. M%armnn , from the committeb of Friends of Voluntary Education in London against that part of the expenditure of the Committee of Council on Education which arises out of the capitation grants; by Dr. slIcHzLr, from inhabitants of Sedlescomb, Benhill, Hastings, KllUine, Dublin, Kexbrough, St. Leonards-on-theSea, and Lambeth against the Vaceination BiUl; by £ir A. CAXIPRELI, from Blay, against the Nuisances Removal (Scotland) Bill, and against the Poor Removal Bill - by Mr. BAXTER, from the United Presbyterian Chureh, Alyth, Forfarshire, in favour of the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill, and against the Maynooth grant; by Mr W. EWART, from the KLirk Session of the UMnited Presbyterian congregation of Annan, in favour of the Lord-Advocate's Education Bill (2); by Mr. H. G. LANGTON, from Bristol, in favour of the abolition of capital punishmentsby Mr. Bass, from inhabitants of Derby, againSt capitai punishments; by Mr. Serjeant O'Bnnes, from Roman Catholic clergymen and inhabitants ef the parish of St. Mary's, Limerick, against the Juvenile Offenders (Ireland) Bill; by Sir T. O'Batmx-, from tbe Lord MIayor and towncouncil of Dublin, in favour of the Tenant Compensati0n Bill; and by Mr. BONvYERm, from the board of guardians for Dandalk, against the Poor Removal Bil. SMIALL ARMS. On the motion of Mr. MUN;TZ, an address was agreed to for returns of all orders given, and contracts entered into, by the War Department, for smaU arms, from the 18th day I of December, 1S54, to the 31bt day of May, 1856, including aU contracts for materials for small arms, and for setting up the same; and alse contracts for finished arms, with the date of contract, and quantity ordered, specifyng separaWy London, Birmingham, Belgium, and Franee. And of all muskets, rifles, and other descriptions of small arms and materials for the same, received by the War Department, frous the 18th day of Decemuber, 1854, to the Slat day of May, 1856, specifying separately London, Birmingham, Enfield, Belgium, France, and America. ADMINISTRA.TION OF JUSTICE IN INDIA. Mr. J. G. PHILLI;4ORE gave notice that, on the motion for going into committee upon the Indian Budget, he slhould move for the appointment of a coummission to inquire into the abuses and evils alleged to ex;ist in the administration of justice inl the Company's courts throughout British Iudia. MANINTNING THE NAVY. Sir G. TYLER asked whether Her MLajesty's Government had under consideration any measure for securing the more immediate manning and equipment of the niavy on atiy future emergency; and, if so, wvether it was their intention to bring it forward during the present session of Parliament? Sir C. WOOD said, the subject to which the hon. and gallant member referred was one of the greatest importance and difiiculty. The differences of opinion upon the subject were so great that the Governlment had been unable as yet to come to any final resolution upon the subject. THE LATE RIOTS IN DEMERARA. In reply to Mr. HoRsFALL, Mr. LABOUCHERE said, the West Indian mail had brought the satisfactory intelligence that tranquility was completely restored in Demerara, that the ringleaders of the late disgraceful disturbances had been convicted, and that the law had been successfully vindicated. COUNTY CESS ILN IRELAND. Tn answer to Colonel OHIIGIxS, Mr. J. D. FITZGERALD said, it was the intention of the Government to introduce a bill to enable the grand jury of Mayo to re-present the arrears of cess now due in that county. COUNTY COURTS. Mfr. ROEBUCK asked whether the bill relating to County Courts which had been introduced in another place by the Lord Chancellor was likely to be soon brought down to this house, as otherwise it was his (Mr. Roebuck's) intention to bring the subject under the notice of the House ? Sir G. GREY said he would inquire into the subject. DIFFERENCES WITH T HE UNITED ' STATES. Sir E. B. LYTTON.-I rise to put a question to the noble lord at the head of the Government upon a subject the importance of which justifies one or two brief observations,which shal be strictly of an explanatory character. The Housewin recollect tha' I postponed a motion in regard to Central America in order that an answver might be received from the United States Government to a proposal to submit that dispute to arbitration which had been made by Eier MNajesty's Government. Since then very grave events have occurred, and although I would fain believe, in the absence of official information, that our Minister has not been dismissed from Vashington, yet it is clear that the Government of which General Walker is the representative and the dictator haS been formally recognized by the President of the United States, and, also, that General Walker had previously, by an edict, annexed the territory of Mosquito to the territory of Nicaragua, the former of which our Government holds itself pledged to protect from external attacks. I hear also upon good authority that the Government of the United States has sent a vessel of war to Greytown, I hope foc the purposes of observation only, and not to aid and abet the adventurers who, since the recognition of General Walker, will no doubt flock by hundreds and thousands to his standard to assist him in his threatened invasion of the Mosquito territory. Under these circumstances, seeing the heavy responsibility resting uipon the Governments of two nations, war between whom would be the greatest conceivable calamity, except, indeed, loss of honour (hear, hear), certainly by no act of mine would I bring on a discussion that niight be considered premature or indiscreet, and thereby add to the elernents of existing irritation. I am therefore quite content to continue to postpone my motion upon a question which has now unhappily become extended and aggravated. The question which I wish now to put to the noble lord is this :-Seeing that Parliamentary discussion has been (lelayed for the express purpose of obtaining an answer from the American Government to the conciliatory proposition made by Her Majesty's Administration, and as atthe time I urged the expediency of procuring that reply as speedily as possible, because I foresaw-as aU men fore. saw-the possibility of a suspension of diplomatic negotiations, I would ask whether, in the interval of four or five weeks which have elapsed, any steps have been taken by the Gsvernment to press for and obtain that reply? Mr. ROEBUCK.-I would beg leave to interpose before the noble lord answers the question. I believe it is of the utmost possible importance upon the present occasion that the people not only of England but of America should uaderstand what reaUy are the feelings of this House and of the country. Mlr. DISRAELI.-I rise to order, Sir. (Hear, hear.) I understand my hon. friend the miember for Hertfordsehire to ask a simple question of the Government, without intending to raise a discussion. If there is to be a debate upon the subject many hon. gentlemen would wish to address the House, and I myself should desire to say a few words. Mr. ROEBUCK.-I beg pardon. I was not aware that there was no question before the House. I thought there had been a motion for the adjournment. Lord PALMERSTON.-I am unable to give a definite answer to the particular question whichi the hon. baronet has put to me as to what particular steps have been taken during the last three weeks to obtain from the American Government an answer to the proposition of Her MajeEty's Govermnent for arbitration in respect to the Central American matter, but I can say this-that the American Government have been made fully aware that the offer is made and pressed on them to accept or decline, as they may think best. I do not know, in that short period, that my noble friend at the head of the Foreign Department has thought it necessary to press specialy for an answer upon that particular subject, as another question of more practical moment was pending between the two Governments. As to the general tenour of what has fallen from the hon. baronet, I may say that in the present state of things between the two Governments I do think, if my opinion is asked for, or if it be deemed desirable that the opinion of the Government should be expressed-I say, without hesi- caon i-a T.iiskteitrsso h onr n h tation, that I think the intere-sts of the coutr ad h prospect of maintaining pennanent amicable relations betwveen this country and the United States would be promoted by a continuance of that forbearance-that judicious forbearance-which the House has hitherto exhibited in regard to these questions. Upon other occasions of a somOwhat similar nature, when questions of importance were pending in relation to the last war-both at the commencement of the war and when negotiations were pending which finally led to its conclusion-I think the House acted in a manner most honourable to itself and creditable to its judgment in abstaining from throwing any possible difficulty in the way of the Government by provoking premature discussion upon the subjects of dispute. The questions now pending are certainly of a very grave character; but I hope, and sincerely hope-and I hope not without good reason-that those discussions may terminate without any interruption of the peaceful relations of the two countries. (Cheers.) Where there is no cause for colision, it is to be hoped that good sense on both sides of the water may prevent any unneces. sary collision; but, certainly, discussion in this house,which must be productive of a conflict of opinions-some too much onone side and some too much on the other-cannot, in mny opinion, fail to tend to injurious results. As I am quits sure the hon. baronet, in putting his question, had in mind the answer which I gave to a question yesterday, I may be permitted to alude to it. In reply to a question, whether .Mr. Crampton had retired from Washington, I stated yester.Jay that we had, indirectly, information that such had been +,he case, I find from my noblefriend at the head of the F.Upign 17epartment thlst the information came by a Canard packet, which sailed from Halifax on the t2n Since that-yesterday evening-a pacl-et has arrived from New York, which left that place ou the 24th, and which does not bring any confirmation of the report brought by the former packet. We are, therefore, not in possession of any official informration on that subject. (Hear.) THE PARK GATES. 3,r. WILSON having moved that the House at its rising do adjounm to Monday, Mr. STAFFORD rose to ask why the gates between St. James's Palace and the German Chapel were not open for the free passage of carriages; also, why free passage was not permitted to hackney carriages by day through the Stableyard gate? The hon. gentleman said it was incumbent on those who kept the two first-named gates shut to state the reasons for doing so. As to the Stable-yard gei.-, it was opened to hackney cabs during the whole period of the Exhibition without inconvenience, and he wanted to know I 'what the owners of or riders in cabs had done since the Exhibition to require' that inconsistent regulation ? He did not put the question to any individual member of the Government, because any individual might state that it was a matter not in his particular depaitinent; and he should not be surprised if he received no answer at all, because the noble lord the member for Marylebone had been put off when he asked a similar question. There were about eight or nine Fridays more before the end of the session, and he should feel it his duty to knock at these gates again, the restriction upon opening which could not continue. (Hear, hear.) The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, a vote in Committee of Supply to-night would give full opportunity for the discussion to be raised. He beaieved the bon. gentleman was incorrect in his statement as to the passage of cabs d-ring the Exhibition. TEE BANDS ON SUNDAYS. Lord LOVA'IE, who had a notice on the paper to call the attention of the Hlouse to the course adopted by Her MaJesty's Government and the First Commissioner of Works with regard to the bands in the parks on Sundays, said, the question might be considered to have passed away, and the dWscussion of it might have the effect of creating bad blood, which would be very much better avoided. .herefore, retaining his opinion as to the conduct of Her Majesty's Government, he should ask the House to allow him to withdraw the notice he had phlced on the Votes. (Hear, hear.) | LIGO ELECTION COMITEE. Mr. T. DUNCOMBE said, it was great regret and con. siderable reluctance that he begged to call the attention of the House to the report of the Sligo Election Committee. An address had been put forth by a former maember of the House (Mr. Somers), in which his namue was mentioned, in consequence of his having undertaken to present a petition from Mr. Somers, complaining of the appointment of the hon. aud learned member for Wegmouth as chairman of the Sligo Election Committee. It appeared that Mlr. Somers had vritten a letter to the hon. and learmed member for Weymouth, asking him to withdraw from that chairmanship, because of a disputewhich occurred between them someyearsago. Mlr. Somers having received no answer to that letter forthwith prepared a petition to the House, stating the circumstances, and praying the House to appoint another chairman, as he could not expect impartialjustice if the hon. and learned gentleman were chairman of that committee. In his address to the electors of Sligo, which had been published in the Irish papers, Mr. Somers said "*he intrastedthe presentation of the petition to his old friend, Mr. Duncombe, who informed Mr. Butt of his having received such a Ietition. Mlr. Duncombe, after conversation with Mr. mutt, caine out and gave a strong assurance that the quarrel would not influence Mr. Butt to the disadvantage orprejudice of his (Mr. Somers) case. Mr. Duncombe advised I im against the presentation of the petition, and he was inuccedto withdrawit, relying on the adherence of Mr. Butt to his promise to act fairly and impartially." All that was I erfectly true. The hon. and learned gentlemen did con- ince him that he had no prejudice against the petitioner, Mr. Somers, and he did say to the hon. and learned gentleman that the best thing ho could do with Mr. Somers's letter, which he told Mr. Somers was an improper letter, was to put it into the fire, and he should advise Mr. Somers to put the petition in his pocket. Thus the matter ended. The comnittee met, sat, he believed only one day, and reported that Mr. Wynne was duly elected; that the petition of Mr. Somers was frivolous and vexatious; and that Edward Kiloran and James Ward had been guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury. The evidence which gave rise to the latter conclusion was this .-Killoran swore that he met Mr. Vynne and told him he was an elector and wanted some money; that Mr. Wypne appointed to meet him next day; that Mr. Wynne did meet him; that he said he was extremely poor and wanted money; and that Mr. Wynne gave hun a ll.-note of the Bank of Irelasid in the street in the presence of many persons, one of whom was James Ward. Ward said he saw Mr. Wynne give the Il.-note, and he corroborated the evidence of Eilloran. Nothinghad been done to shakle the testimony of these two witnesses, and their characterhad not been impugned. They were, itis true, poor men, but such bribeswoaldonlybe likelytobeofferedtopoor men. The next nitness was the sitting member for Sligo, whose seat was in jeopardy. He'said, in reply to the queslions of counsel, that he had heard the evidence given by Ward and Khlloran, and that there was not one single word of truth in it from beginning to the end. The only object he (Mr. Dnncombe) had in view was to see that justice had bean done between all parties, whatever might be their condition in life. If it were not the intention of the hon. and l earned member for Weymouth to move that the AttorneyGeneral for Ireland should Prosecute these parties for perjury, lie should ask the noble lordat thehead ofthe Government the question of which he had given notice. It was clear that perjury had been committed somewhere, and a serious imputation rested upon the hon. gentlemlan who for. merly represented Sligo until the matter was cleared up; because, if these men wvere guilty of perjury, the imputation and the natural inference was, that Mr. ISomers had been guilty of subornation of perjury. Mr. Somers indignantly denied that imputation and was determined to have the truthi investigated. An absurd fact of the proceeding was the charge against Mr. Somers that he had given board and lodging to these two witnesses. His answer was, that M1r. WYnne's agent had offered 201. to Killoran to keep out of the way. Other parties would prove that they had seen Killoran receive the lI.-note. Ought this question to remain where it was, and ought the evidence of one man wvho had a seat in that house to overturn the evidence of two men whose character was not impeached? It was attempted to be proved that Ward had once been brought up for drunkenness. He said it was true he had been brouglit up once, but that it was for making a noise in the streets. Be that as it nmight, if every L-ishnan or Enghshman who was not a mnember of the Temperance Society was not to give evidence before election comniutteesthere would be an end to their functions. (Al laugh.) He was authorized to say that if it were not intended by the committee orthe Government to prosecute these parties for perjury, it was the intention of Mr. Somers to inoit the hon. member for Sligo for perjury. (A laugh from the Opposition benches.) It might be a laughing matter to hon. members opposite, but it would be considered no laughing matter in the eyes of the public that these parties should go to their homes under the stigmua of perjury when it was the opinion of those who knew them best that they had spoken the truth. He now wished to ask the Chairman, or the First Lordof the Treasury, whetherit was intended to move that Edward Kilioran and James Ward be indicteed for perjury in conformity with the report of that commiittee ? Mr. G. BUTT should not occupy the time of the 1louse in vindicating the conduct of the Sligo Election Committee. (Cheers.) Having been appointed chairman of the committee-all office wvhich he did not seek and could not avoid -he was reminded by the letter to which the hon. gentleman had alluded, that 16 years ago he had been counsel. before an arbitrator, against the hon. gentlemani who had petitioned against the return. Therewere some expressions in the letter wlich were so strong that they ougbt not, perhaps, to be suffered to pass by without some public notice; but believing that the letter had been written under some mistake on the part of the writer, and being extremely unwilling to trouble the House with any grievance personal to himself, he suffered the letter to remain in his desk. (Hear.) The committee were unanimous in their decision, and he must remind the lion. gentleman that by the act of Parliament under which election comnlittees were appointed, they had judicial .authority to decide upon the matters referred to them, and that that House was liot a colut of appeal against their decisions. (Hear.) He would not, therefore, enter upon a discussion of the evidence, nor would he refer to any part of that eNidence, or make commients upon it. The committee had not directed him, as chairmsan, to move that the Attorney-General for Ireland should prosecute the two witnesses, and lie did not think it would either be respectful to the committee, or discreet or proper on his part, to take upon himself to do that which they had declined to recommend. He did not, therefore, intend to make any niotion on the subject. (Hear.) It was, however, still open to the Government to prosecute, or to any individual member to move that a prosecution be instituted, and he hoped io denial of justice would result from the course which had been pursued by the committee. (Hear, hear.) 31r. L. GOWER, as one of the members of the commiittee, observed that upon every point except one they were perfectly unanimous. (Hear, hear.) He thought there was no foundation whatever for any imputation neon the eharinian. (Hear, hear.) Nothing could be fairer than the conduct of that hon. and learned gentleman throughout the proceedings; and 'when one of the counsel for the petitioner appealed to him for indulgence on the ground of the absence e fis leader and his own inexperience the hon. and learned gentleman granted that indulgence and gave the petitioner everyfair oprtnityof substantiating his case. (Hear, hear.) He dd not think he ought to keep silent when an inputaion of this sort was cast on the chairman of an eleeI ion comnittee, because it would tend, if undenied, to take from that character for fairness by which election com- mittees were every day becoming more and more distinSlushed. (Hear, hear.) ir-. DUNCOMBE repeated his question -with regard to the intentions of the Government 7 Mr. J. D. FITZGERALD said, the committee not having iecommended a prosecution, although they had reported that there were strong grounds for believing ihat the witnesses had been guiltv of peiju;ry, and 1he cbairman having announced thatthe committee had declined to impose on him the duty of moving that a prosecution be instituted, he was bound to assume that they had good reasons for the course they had taken. If the comnmittee had directed a prosecution he should have put the law in force withou t fear or favour, but after reading the report and the evidence he 'was of opinion that a technical mea stood in the way of any step being taken by the Governme fact of perj must be established either by two witnesses, or by one mtne6s with corroborating cirn staes. Althoug h no ofne acquainted with the high ebaao ef any statemePnt made byhi gtilri con,viction forper-| jury eould tIke plaoe when there -wag merey oath against oath. Then, although the witnesses who deposed to the fact of money having been' given stated that it was given in the presence of several persons, they osnly naned one-War3,l who was one of the men charged withl having maide untrue statements. IJnder thesec ircumstances he had not thoughS. ight to take upon himself the responsibility of recommendig a prosecution. -hEMOVAL OF TROOPS FROM TEE CRIMEA. Lord ELCHO asked the First Lord of the Admiralty for some explanation with respect to the delay which had taken placeintheremoval.ofourtroopsfromthe East. Sincethe, treaty of pence had been signed not a single infantry soldier had, to the best of his belief, been brought home, although about 60,000 French soldiers and the greater part of the l Sardinian army had been removed. The explanation of the! Government was that the militia were, in the first plAce, ta i be brought home. and that then troops were to be taken to ! garrison the Mediterranean stations; but he wished to know why ships of war as well as transports should not be employed in this service. Orders had certainly been received las; week at Portsmouth and Plymouth that ships of war shouldd be sent out for that purpose; but why should not those! orders have been given a month or six weelks ago? He hoped the right hon. gentleman would assure the House that the return of the troops should be accelerated by every available means. Sir C. WOOD said, directions had been given that, in the first place, the Sardinian troops should be sent home, and upwards of 10,000 had accordingly been convoyed to Italy. In the next place, after those troops had been taken back to America which had been withdrawn in consequence of the war, other English troops were to be conveyed to the Mediterranean stations, and the militia regiment; which occupied those stations were to be conveyei home. Then the embarcation of the troops to be brought from the Crimea to England was to take place. The number of men who had been and who would be embarked was, in round numbers, as nearly as could be calculated, a; follows:-10,000 Sardinians and 2,600 horses had been conveyed to Italy. Up to the Ist of .June 17,000 English troops had been brought from the Crimea, and 4,000 from !Scutari. By the 20th of June there would be embarked 19,000; by the 10th of July, 18,OO; and by the end of I July the remainder, about 14,000. This was according to most unfavourable calculation, but it was hoped that all the troops, including the Laud Transport Corps, would b; removed by the 30th of July. Steam transports had been provided for 32,000 men; sailing transports for 9,000. He calculated that 14,000 or 15,000 would be brought by ships of war. Two line-of-batle ships and six large steamers had been ordered from the Black Sea, three sailing line-of-battle ships had been sent hence, directions had been despatched to the Mediterranean that any vessels which could be spared should be employed in the conveyance of troops, and 10 line-of-battle ships, two frigates, and two large steamers had been appropriated to that service. lI the numbers had been correctly calculated, 38,000 men would be emibarked by the fLrst week in July, the total number to be removed was 47,000, and transport had been provided for 51,000. Ae believed that all the men would have left the Crimea by the end of July. Lord ELCHO repeated that he wished to know why the ships of war were not ordered to bring home the troops before last week? Sir C. VFOOD replied that the reason was that the ships were not in a state to be sent to sea immediately for that purpose. Captain SCOBELL said, that six weeks ago he had asked whether any line-of-battle ships, or other vessels, were to go to the Crimea to embark not only troops but stores, guns, and other articles, including captures from the Russians. He got a brief and unsatisfactory answer, and on repeating the question at a subsequent period he was told that it was not proper employment for Her Majesty's ships. Those ships were ready to go to the Baltic if the war had continued, and now it was said that they had not been ready to go to the Crimea, although the mere removal of their lower deck guns would have made them fit for the purpose. If the ships had goue after the review at Spithead they would have been home again by this time. If the hot season should cause sickness among the troops in the Crimea, he thought much blame would attach to the Admiralty for having showvn any hesitation in this miatter. Admiral BERKELEY observed, that he was in a great degreeanswerable forhis right hon. friend's not sending out the line-of-battle-ships at an earlier period, for as a naval officer he was aware how much ships were disorganized by the embarcation of troops. Besides, there was another circumstance which might not be within the Inowledge of the hon. member for Bath, but was within the knowledge ofthe Admiralty, namely-that athree-decker was nearly sunk in the Mediterranean on account of the way in which the screw was fitted. Consequently, when the ships came from the Baltic, it was thought necessary to examine all the screws, in order to prevent the possibility of accidents which that House and the country would have deeply deplored. The hon. member for Bath intimated that it would have been an easy matter to get out the lowerdeck guns of the line-of-battle ships, but it was no easy matter to make room for troops, unless part of the ships' compames were removed as well as the guns. For these reasons he had advised the First Lord of the Admiralty not to send out the line-of-hattle ships to the Crimea unless the necessity was urgent indeed. Sir C. NAPIER was as disinclined as any one to employ men of war to carry troops, but as these ships were ready to proceed to the Baltic, if necessary, he could not understand why they were not sent out to the Crimea to bring home the troops. The House had been told that the Coastguard men, all the five years' men, and also the riggers, had been discharged, and, therefore, he presumed that the ships' companies would have been sufficiently reduced to enable the vessels to bring home the troops. The gallant officer weho last spoke said that, owiing to some defect about the screw, one ship nearywent down in the Mediterranean, but he believed that the Baltic feet had all been examined before this and had been quite ready to proceed to the Baltic. PrBLIC imPROVEmENTS. Xr. OLIVEIRA asked what steps had been taken in reference to the application of 40,0001. voted by clause 26 of the Consolidated Fand (Appropriation) Act, 1855, 18th and 19th of mictoria, for the erection of a new Foreign-office ; and the sum of 5,890"., voted by the same act, for the continuation of Pall-mall into the Green Park? Sir B. IALLL said that the sum of 40,000o. voted last year was for two purposes; a sum of 10,0001. was intended for the purpose of repairing the Foreign-office, and the remaining sum of 30,0001. was for the acquisition of property in the neighbourhood of the offices in Downing-street. He had not thonght it advisable that the 10,00th. should be laid out at the present time, because a select committee was appointed to consider what buildings should be erected in that neighbourhood. With respect to the 30,0001. voted for the acquisition of property, he could state that a great deal of the property had been already purchased. The sum of 5,3001., referred to by the hon. member, was to be paid for some property belonging to Lord Ellesmere, being the only property between St. James's-street and the Green Park not in the possession of the Crown. The purchase was not yet completed, but the hon. gentleman was mistaken in supposing that that sum would be suffcient to open a line from Pall-mall to the Green Park. The cost of such a line would approach to something more like 100,0001., and the coimmittee, so far from agreein to that propon:tion, rejected it. THE11 1ILITIA. In reply to Colonel GRELrLE, Lord PALMERSTON said that in 1814 the militia were disembodied with 14 days' pay in advance, and the troops of the line with a larger sum. That precedent would be followed on the present occasion, but the House, he was sure, would see that it was not desirable to place a large sum at once in the hands of men who were to be disembodied, when it was not quite sure that it would be applied in a manner most likely to be for their benefit. The best arrangement, it was thought, would be to consider the 14s. as a, ratuity of 14 days' pay, and that the men should be entitled to the residue of the bounty when they came back to training next year. Colonels would be allowed to expend a part of the 14s. in providing the men who were in need of clothing with some; and, as they would take their fatiguejackets and other necessaries with them, those who had taken care of their clothes would be in no want for immediate use. PUBLIC BUSINESS. MIr. PACEE asked whether it was intended to take the Agricultural Statistics Bill on Thursday next as had been stated ? He hadbeen informed that the Vice-President of the Board of Trade had agreed to refer the bill to a select committee on the understanding that the compulsory part was agreed to; but as that was the part of the bill to which the occupiers of land had the greatest objection he could not concur in that arrangement. 31r. C. BRUCE pointed out that the Lord-Advocate had arranged to bring on the Scotch Education Bill on Thursday niglht. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, that supply would be taken first on Thursday night, and after that the Lord-Advocate's BilL ColonelBUCK, reverting, to the disembodiment of the militia, observed that, if the 14 days' pay was not to obe paid to the men until they were caled out for training next year, some of them might die in the interval, and so it would be of no use to them, Lord PALMERSTON1 said, the intention of the Governinent was, that the 14 days' pay should be considered as a gratuity, to be paid at once, and that the payment of the remainder of the bounty should be delayed until next year. The motion for adjourmnent until Monday was agreed to. SI11PSON'S CRIMEAN SKETCaES. On the mnotion for going into Committee of Supply, Lord ELCHO rose to call attention to the propriety of pirchasing for the nation the sketches made in the Crimea by r. Simpson during the late campaignsthere. Mr. Simpson had been sent to the Crimea by Messrs. Colnaghi, and hal executed his task with ability,fidelity, and greatfearlessness. To the accuracy of these drawings the Dubke of Cambridge, Sir Edmund L;yons, and Colonel Steele, the military secretaky of Lord Raglan, had borne testimony in letters; and he (Lord Elcho) understood, that they had also met with the approval of Lord Raglan himself. Their artistic merit was vouched for by several artists, from whom Mr. Colnaghi had-received letters; among whom were gr. Stanfield, Mr. Roberts, and Mr. Haghe. The price asked for these drawings, 90 in number, vas only 1,4001., which was not only not. exhorbitantbut very moderate. Thedrawingswonld ba of neat value to the historian. If he (Lord Elcho) were credibly informed, the right hon. gentleman the Chancellor of the Exchequer, when he first saw them, said, "How invslualie would be such a collection' fjjustrating the campsigns of -arlborough I" A truth- Efl account oEt the war in the Crimea. was yet- to bT written. It could not be found dther in the letters of " Our owvn Corre6pondent, or the report of the CrHneaTn Comisinestlesiaworkwhc-fhhabmpiblise,- on the other side of the Channel; ith xn Imperil dedica- - tion upon the titlepage. It was-to enable a future generation to arive at the truth that he (TIord Elcho) wished that' this collection skould be Durchased and preseved b the counery. A precedent for such a collection might he found, in the gallery at Versailles, and, to a certain extent, in thepictures of naval battles in Greenwich Hospital; and if the rawmgs were PM-chased they nughtt be exhibited either at. Woolwich, or in the great hail of Chelsea Hospital,whicli appeared to be used only about once in 5O years for the triaL o5f officers who had efficiently served their country in the~ field. He (Lqrd Eleho) hd heard -with sprise that, notwithstanding the opinion he had at first expressed, theChancellor of the Exclequer mow declined to recommneni -the purchase of these pictures because Sir e. Eastlake objected to it. The reasons of Sir C. BLstlake's objections tothe purchase of these-drawings were, he was told, three in. numier,-that they were in water-colour and therefore, liable to fade (hear, hear), that the price ws exoessive, and. that they had been engraved. As to their being in watercolours, he (Lord Eicho) would remind the House that; Sir C. Eastlake was himself a painter in oil, and therefore. would not be disposed to miew vwith favo0r paintiugsr executed in -water-colours; and also that there were many old paintings executed in water-colours, which still remained in a state of excellent preservation. With regard to the price, he thought it extremelymoderate, and he certainly could not conceive that the fact of their having already been published was a valid objection, It was for the oenefit of the public that he was anxious this collection should be purchased by the nation. The en- graved copies were published at 10 guineas; audit appearedL to bhiu to be a strange argument to advance that, because aW 'few persons could afford to give 10 guineas for a. copy, therefore it was not necessary to have theses nictures purchased for the benefit of. the mnillion. |lie had nothing more to add, except to observe,that, whatever might be the opinion of the Government or the feeling of the House with reference to. the purchasing of these pictures, there existed a stronr desire out of doors that they should be kept together and possessed by the nation. Messrs. Colnghi originally had, no notion of offering them to the nation, and had disposed. of many of them by private sale; but, as soon as the idea. was suggested tha they should be purchased by the Government, alt those who had bought any of the pictures came forward aud expressed their readiness to give them up forthe benefit of the public. He trusted, therefore, the right. hon. gentlem an would take a favourable view of the suggestion he had ventured tomake, and feel it consistent With his duty to recmzmend the ndvance of a sum of money for the purpose of purchasing these pictulres. The CHANCELLOW of the EXCHEQUER felt that he, need not assure the liouse hov cordially he concurred with,. his noble friend in tbinldng that anything wlhichhcommemorated the exploits of their gallant army in the Crimea was. interesting, both inan historical and national point of view, and that, therefore, if the acquisition of the water-colourdrawings to which he had alluded would have that effect. in any material degree, the application of a moderate surn of money from the public exchequ.er would be justtifled ia COnSequenCe of a suggesion b,v his noble friend some time ago he visited the pictures towhich hisnoble friend referred, and he did so for the purpose of ascertaning whether it was. desirable that they shonld be purchased for the use of the. nation. As far as he understood the facts, these watercolour drawiings or sketches wene made by an artist who was: employed by feasrs. Colnaghi for the purpose of foundinr uponthemacollection,of engravingDS forpublication. That. collection havng been completed by the engraver, theywere, subsequently offered for sale totbo nation. Their size was. not very large. lNo doubt, from the authentic character of the sketches and from their connexion with the memorable scenes in the Crimea, the pictures were highly interesting - but after haviug consulted and advised with very competent. judges it did not appear to him desirable that they should be: purchased for the use of the nation. The materials on which they were painted were not suliciently durable, and the paintings themselves wvere not of a character of that promninent importance such as anation would wish to possess an a pictorial representation of the great struggle in the Crimnea. lUnder these circutmstances he did not feel himself justified iu proposing an advance of the public money for the purpose, of purchasing those pictures. Here the subject dropped. CfIURC ACCOMMODATION. The Marquis of BLkNDFORD, in rising to call tlie attention of the House to the existing avant of church accommodation in the Parish of Plumstead, observed that, although the subject of his motion might be smal in its application, it was nevertheless in pineciple very important. -involving, as it did, the oblgation of the Government tomake adequate provision for the moral and religious, as welL as physical, wellbeing of those persons whom it employed. He believed that in a question of this nature difficulties. might exist to imupede the free action of the Government; - his object therefore wasto draw forth such an expression of opinion from the House as would encourage the Government. to do that which heecould not but believe that it was both their wish and their desire to see accomplished. The case he had to bring before the House -was the poverty and inability of the parish of Plumstead to provide the requisite, accommodation for Divine worship out of its own resources. By the census of 1841 the population of Plumstead amounted' to 2.816 persons. In 1851 the population had inereased to. 8,373 persons; and since then the population liad advanced to 12,000 persons, including the Arsenal at. Woolwich. It was probable that a portion of this increase was called into existence under the exngencies of the late war, but it was clear that a large increase of the population had taken place before the war began. In 1841. there were five houses being bailt in the parish of lPlumstead; in 1851 there were 1,556 houses being built; and these houses were such as artisans and workmen resided in, Formerly nut more than one or twvo families occupied a. house; now there were three and four families in a- house.. The parish church of Piumntead was only adapted to accommodate 400 people, and it was situate, a mile and a-half from the Arsenal, and was not in other respects easy of access. It might be said that. there were other places of public worslup in the pr:s. The only other places of worship in the parish were as man Catholic chapel and a Dissenting chapel; which, being uneudowed, were not accessible to the great nass of the population. The incumbent had brought the subject under thez notice of the War Department, and, from a statementaddressed to Lord Panmure, it appeared that wvhen the late vicar offered to give 1,501. towards the erection of a newchurth, all he could obtain from subscriptions in his parish was 260., a circumstance which proved how immpossible it - was for the district to provide for its own wants. The only other extraneous aid which could be looked for was 1101. froiu the Church Building Commissioners, and 70?. or 80. from the Incorporated Society. The Government had atlast recognized its duty towards the children of those it em- ployed, having granted 1,000 . towards the erection of' schools, the vicar undertaking to raise a similar anount. The Government had also promised to erect a school within tho ArsenaL The incumbentnowproposedthatiftheGovernment-- would contribute 2, 000L towardsthi erection of anew churc2h, he would undertake to provide 2,000l. more, and to erect a plsin church in close vicinitv to the Arsenal. The grounds. for lis application were the common grounds affectingl public bodies as well as individuals-the possession of property and the employment of operatives. The Government. possessed nearly the whole of Plumstead marshes, wh.ch constituted a very large proportion of the entire acreage of the parish; it employed a very considerable number of the inhabitants of the parish. The principle for which he (the Marquis of Blandford) contended was already conceded by the Government, which bad placed upon the estimates :svote of 7,0001. for the erection of a chapel in the dockyard, and in the provision made for religious instruction of the Coastguard and others in its employ. The principle was. recognized and acted upon by private individuals and firs such as Messrs. arshaLl, of Leeds, -who had erected a. church and schools for their operatives, Price's Candle Company, and others. Having stated the case, he would leave it in the hands of the House, believing his motion would. meet with its sanction, and he hoped also that of the Go. vernment. The noble lord conclued by moving, "that it is the opinion of this House that the parish of Plumstead. continues to demand the attention of the Government." Mr. MfO_NSELL assured the House that tbe Govermlent felt their responsibility, and had not been neglectful of the moral anrd religious state of the operatives they employed. in the district to which the noble marquis referred. Since June or July last a sum of 1,000Z. had been granted forchurch of England schools; sites had been granted for a- Roman Catholic and a Scotch Presbyterian church, on condition that certain sums were subscribed by the differentdenominations to which the grants were made; and the scbool in the Arsenal had been very much improved, Thbo Government regardea the schools as the more immediate question, but as to the other matters brought forward by thenoble marquis they might be safely left in the hands of the, Secretaryof State. Mr. JAMES M'GREGOR, as aresident in the districtandknowingthe facts, exonerated the Government from blame. The growth of the population had ceen exceedingly rapid. The church was a mere rural church, and if it were large enough-which it was not-it did not Etand in a situa- tion to be useful to the people of the Arsenal. He thought.; nothing could be more satisfactory than the spirit and toneof the reply of the right lion, gentleman, and he looked for-- ward confidently to an early and favourable settlement o£f the claims which the noble marquis had so ably advocated. Sir J. PAKIGTON was disposed to give the Govern-- ment credit for the full intention to remove the spiritual destitution of the parish of Plumstead, considering the judicious liberality with which they had acted with respect to. schools, and he hoped his noble friend would not press the amendment to a division. The Marquis of BLANDFORD would not divide if he had an assurance from the Government that they would. continue to consider the subject. (Hear, licar.) The amendment was withdrawn. SUPPLY. Upon an appeal from Sir J. PA.- GTOS, Sir G. GREY said, the education votes would not betaken this evening, but would be taken on the next occasion of going into Couuuittee of Supply. -The motion, that the Speake- leave ths chair, was agree& to, and the House resolved into Co:nmittee of Supply. The first was a vote of 40,0001. for the cost of executing public works, of maintaining educational and benevolent institutions, and of promoting civilization among the natirve. tribes of South Africa. Mr. W. WILLIAMS asked for explanation. lfr. LABOUCHERE said, full explanation was given lastyear, when the vote was first proposed. As a question of economy, he believed the money would be well spent, if it prevented the recurrence of that state of warfare on our frontier which was so calanitous to the colony and so burdensome to this country. It was a well matured scheme of the governor now administering affajirs at the Cape, Sir George Grey, and although ith}sad only been in action a year Sir George reported that it had been aitendid by the -;eh gratifying results. It would be his duty to-night to laX upon the table the accouns from Sr G. Grey of the ir-
COURT CIRCULAR. The Queen and Prince Albert, with the Regent of Biden and Prince Frederick William of Prussia, honoured the Koyal Itaihan Opera, Lyceum, 'with their presence on Thurs- Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester visited Her Mlajesty yesterday at Buckinghain Palace. Prince Albert rode on horseback vnth the Prince of Wales, attended by Captain the Hon. D. De Ros. Prince Frederick William of Prussia, attended by Captain de Heinz, Colonel Francis Seymour, and Dr. Wegner, inspected theVictoria Tower, in the Houses of lords and CommOnS, yesterday morning. His Royal Highness visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of K:ent at Clarence-house, St. James's, in the afternoon; and also honoured with visits the Duke and Duchess of Sutherland, at Stafford-house, and thae Enadrl ansd Countess of Weatmorland, at their residence in Cavendish-square.onlBrnSutr *The Regent of Baden, attended by Colonel Baron Seutter, Baron de Gunnaingen, Dr. IJllman, and the Hon. Mlortimer Sackville West, went yesterday to Miliwall to view the l.arge steamvessel building there. 'he Queen and Prince Albert, the Princess Royal, and Pnince Frederick WlDiam of Prussia went in the afternoon to the fancy bazaar at the Wellington-barracks, in aid of the funds for a nursery and infant school for the children of the Brigade of Guards. In attendance were Lady Macdoald,Cpt the HIon.ay Buleteel, Mtajor-Gejnreral Bouverie, Prince, the Princess Royal, and Prince FrederickWiliam of Prussia afterwards took a drive in an open landau and for. The Queen andI Prince Albert, with the Princess Royal, accoQpanied by the Regent of Baden and Prince Frederick Willaia of Pusa, went inL State at half-past 1 0 o'clock last night to the full dress ball at the an over-quare Roos, or he eneit f te RyalAcademy of AMusic. The oya sute onsste oftheDucessof Sutherland, LayMcoad h on uyKr,teHn Mary General Berkeley Drmond, Major-General Wylde Lieutenant-General Baron schreckenstein, Baron do Moltke, Baron de Gemmingen, the Hon. Mortimer SackviDe West Captain do Heinz, Major-General Bouverie, Captain the Hon. D. de Ros, Lieutenant de Schreckenstein, and Dr. Ullman. The Royal party occupied seven of the Queen's carriages, and was escorted by a detachment of the Royal Horse Guards to the Hanover-square Rooms, where Her Majesty was received by the Marquis of Breadalbane, Lord Chamberlain; Earl Spencer, Lord Steward; the Duke of Wellington, Master of the Horse; and Lord Ernest Bruce, ViceChamberlain. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent visited the Duchess of Glocester yesterday, at Glocester-house. The Duchess of Kent dined in the eveniDg with the Queen, at Buekingham Palace. A deputation on the subject of the Charing-cross and Central Terminus had an interview with the Right Hon. Sir Benjamin Hall on Thursday at the Office of LWorks, Whitehall-place. The deputation consisted of Mr. Oliveira, .., Mr. Gill, Captain Laws, R.N., Messrs. Fowler and Wilson (,engineers), and MEr. Leech, solicitor. The Consusittee of Privy Council sat yesterday in the Coundillchamber. Present-The Lord-President, thie Right Hon. Sir George Grey, the Right Hon. T. Pemberton Leigh the Right Hon. Dr. Lushington, and the Right Hon. h. T Baines. Counsel were heard in support of certain rights of the Island of Jersey in the University of Oxford. After the conclusion of the case, Sir James Graham and the Right Hon. Spencer Walpole joined the committee. Despatehes were sent to the Governors of the NorthA .erican provinces yesterday from the Colonial-office, and also to the Governor of Gibraltar.
WVe are authorized to state that Her MIajesty intends again to hononr the Crystal Palace with her presence, at the opening of the great waterworks on Wednesday, the ]8th of Jlune. It is understood that Her Majesty will mnake the circuit of the ba3ins in her pony ca'iage, in order that she may be enabled to witness the various effects produced by works covering so immense an area froin all the most favourable points of view. CALLS TO THE BAR.-The undermentioned gentlemen were yesterday called to the bar by the Hon. Siociety of the Inner Temple, viz. :-Mr. John Wood, B.A. ; Mr. Charles Ashbrook Wright Cruinp, B.A. ; Mr. William Stevenson Owen; Mr. Herbert Crompton Herrie, M.A.- 3Ir. William Markby, B.A., and Mr. Richard Hoper. THE MIDDLE TEzaPLE.-The undermentioned gentlemen were yesterday called to the degree of the utterbarMr. WiiUiam Lambert Dobson (certificate of honour, first class), Mlr. Henry Bull Templer Strangways, Mr. Edward Yardley, Mr. John Haddy, Mr. Edmund James, B.A., London University, MIr. John Metcalfe, and Mr. Leonidas Gautier. LwcoiY's-is?i, June 6.-The iuder-mentioned gentlemen were this day caUed to the degree of Barrister-atLaw by the Hon. Society of Lincoln's-inn-viz :-Wells Butler, Esq.; Edward Poste, Esq.; Francis Henry Bacon, Esq.; Athelstane Willcock, Esq. ; Edward Pardoe Cotton Hanson, Esq.; Henry Waithall Walthall, Esq.; Robert Stuart, Esq. ; Spencer Perceval Butler, Esq.; Russell Duckworth, Esq.;* and Benjamiin BiC;ley Rogers, Esq. GRAV'S-rs, June G.-At a pension of the Hon. Society of Gray's-inn, holden this day, Adolphus Joln D Allain, Esq., Henry Nicol, Esq., and Clement ]Dale, Esq., were called to the degree of Barrister-at-Law,
.T EF¶T, On I'vlonday niight last, near 12 o'clock, inx a B.A, CAB, which took a lady an I gentleman from a Great we3tern IlailwaY cab at tbi, corner Of King street. Cheapaide. and drove to Blsckwall, TWO SHIEPHERD's PLAID WooLIaN SCA. SHAWLS snd PARK BLUE CAP, rolled round, with a strap) outsiee. Whoever will bri.'g the abovo to Mfessr. Crozier and Co., 16. JOurl-~laae. Canno-.stroet. will be, well RIEWARDED) all Earl Fowls ~~Rev. Charles Luimoore Lord LyttetnW. W. Beach, EAt. Right Ron.pneWaol A. BL Skinner. Ezq. Major Fulle T. 0. Sacker, Esq. Jervolse.- lnih h.ChandosPole, Esq. Sir Edwar 'Cls olonel Brownnigg T. H. HallUEq Rev. Chus. Caldecott James Etonians woitn todnare respectfully invited to pnt down their names at the Thatched-house before the day of the Mteeting. Dinner at 7 o'clock. Ticketafl 1e. 13TONMEOA.-AaMEINofEnan E24held at Wiliss Rtoons. St. James's, onthe 13th May. 1856. Hii Grace the Duke of BEAUF5ORT in the cbair, it was resolved that a mnbwcrption ha entered into aLmong Etonians and parents of Etonians to erect a Memorial to those Etonia.n Officers who died in the field or from disease during the iate War, and that the memorial'be in tbeform of one or more painted windows in E'ton College Chapel, accompanied with an inscription contaminng the naa-es, rAnk, and regiment of everY such officer. The subscriptions to the Mfemorial are limited to L5 as a maximum, and any subscription already paid in excess of that s-m will be returned The Committee earnestly request the co-operation of Etonia! i deoign of whbich they axe ronfident that both the object and the form" musit ao commend themselves as3 to malke itnLesdle to offer any de- taoled argameutsin theirfaTour. Subscriptions will be received by Messrs. Cox and Co., army agents, C'raig's-court, Charing-crois. London; Mlessr. Smith, Playne, andSmith.' I. Lombard-s'treet, city ; andby Messrs. Nevill, Reid, andCo., bankers, Windsor. Commun-icatitons snd inquiries can be addressed to the Iron. Secretory, Colcnel Brownrigg, 0.1B., Grenadier Guards, 37, Hertfoed-street, Mlayfair. The followiug noblemen and gentlemexn bare been added to the Conmsnittee, Yin.:- The Earl of Powis The Earl Vane Sir Edwd. Hulse, Bart. The Lord Bishaop of Lihfield G. H. Mioney, Es,q. Hon. G. Byng. M.P. Sir Archd. Campbell. Bart., M.P. Lord Robert Cecil. M.P. J. Chitty, Esq. Marquis of Dalkeith VicoutEnyn, ME.P. Earl of Listowel HOn. P. blostyn, MI.P. Earl of Carlisle, K,G. Henry West, Esq. The following Subscriptin have been notified. JohnHibbert,Es-q. F. 5 00O Resv.C Lurmoore .. .£3 3 0 WnV. Johnson. Esq .. 2 0 0 Rev. W. L. Eliot. Eton.CD1. 1 1 0 Rev. D. (Goodford . 5 00 AndPrupils in hlahouse 7 15 0 Rev. J. L. Jovnes .. 5 0 The Trustee of Viscount Rev.C0.0. Jamses II 1 Hereford .. .. 5 00 LordM%alinesbos,y . 5 0 0 Major-Gen. J. J. Anger- tordWenlock .. 0 00 stein .. ... 5 00 The Provost of Eton . S 00 Duke of Rozbnrh 5 00 .T.rH Law,ltQ. 20 00 Henry Bairnstt. Z: 50 00 Lord ytteton 3 30 Rev. 3. Wilder.. . 5 00 Earl of Dartmouth S 0 0 Rev. W. W. Harvey. 5 0 0 Duk-eof leaufort 5 00 Mirs. Harvey .. . 2 20 Lieut.-CoL. Howard Vyee 5 00 Herbert Barnard. Eoq... 50 00 Capt. Sheffield, Royal W. H. Mullins, Esq. . 5 00 HorsecCuards . 50 00 H. B. Mlidmay, Faq. .. 5 00 Earlofrowis . 50 00 E. llice. Esq.,M 2. 2 20 Col. Hon. Perry Herbert. Col. R. Ferguson, MI.P. 2 2 0 M.P. 2 00 C. Freemsantle. Esq. II 10 Hon. and Rev. G. Herbert I 00 . P. Serocold, Esq. II 1 0 Hon. Robt. C.Herbert I 00 . A. Smith, Fzq. . I 1 10 Hon. Win. Herbert, 46th A. Grenfell. Esq.. 22 20 Regiment .. .. 10 0 P. D.Grenfell, Eq. . 22 20 Capt. Blathurst, Grena- Honi. and Rev. H. Coat 5 0 0 dier Guards . .. 5 00 Hon. and Rev. It.Cnst 5 00 J. H. Daniell. Faq .. 5 0 0 Lseut.-Col. Iron. Pere- Rev.R. R. Hattoit . 1 10 grine F. Cst .. . . 5 00 G. H. Money, Esq. .. S0 0 Cap!t. Fras. Cus9t, Grena- CoLllrownrigg, C.B . 2 100 (tier Guards .. . . 5 00 Jerroiso Smith, Faq., M.P. 5 00 Col. Hon. J. Lindsay. J. Deacon. E-sq. 5 00 GrenadierGuards.M.P. 3 00 W. S. Deacon, FEsq .. 5 00 PupilS of Rey. R. Cole- Robert Elice, Esq.. 22 20 ridge, Eton College .. 8 11.0 Earl Vane.. . 50 00 Pupils of Rev. E. Bats- Earl of Derby . 50 0 ton. ditto .. .. 4 0 0 The Provost of King's.. 5 0 0 Pupils of Rev. W. A. Iiev. G. J.Dupuis . 2O 00 Carter,.ditto . . 5 310 0 Roey. C. C. Luxmnoro. 5 00 Boairders at W. Evans, Rev. Gale Towoloy 50 00 RE., ditto . 6 0 0 Rev.P. E. Durnforcl S. 0 Boarder at irs. De IloY.W. 11. Marriott . 50 00 Rosem!s, ditto.. .. 211t0 Rev. E. Ralst-on .. 3 3 0 In order to ensure the most perfect accuracy in ipreparing a list of hoeEtonians who have fallen in the late war, it is earnesl requested that some nearrelative would communicate to the Honorary Secretary the name in fall, rank, and s egiment of the deceased, withx a view of thoroughily carrying out the proposed ohject. J. STUDHOLM BROWVNRIGG. Honorary Secretary. T HE LONDON DRAMATIC COMPANY.- iLLessees of Provincia Theatres are respectfuilly informed, that a Masin E R. JNAmES TYes, Mr THYnEATMRE. -f SrMy.amre .3.XLAlbertiaL-First timne this season of Lucrezia Borgia.-On Mlonday next. June 9 (a Subscriplion Night, in lien of Saturday, Augs 9), wil be performed Doniizetti's opera, LUCREZIA BOG,A. Lucrezia, Mladame Albertini; Orsini, Mdile. Rizzi; Germaxo. Signor Baucarde ; Gubetta. Signor BoucbhO; andAlfooso, Signor BellettL With a New Ballet Divertissement. in which Mdlle. Mar ite Taglioni anld M. Charles will appear. Mdlle. Piccolo~miai.- Cn Tuesday, June 10. La Traviata. Violetta, Mdlle. Piccolomini. And a favourite Ballet, Madniso Alboni,-Thureday, Jima 12, a Grand lulaie Tglini, dlls. Bsehtti nd atrie. nd ~mo dlber Felo. Frday Jun 13 Grad Etra igh-Particulars wil be L CUM THEATRE.-M'Nadame Ristori.-On Modynext, Juno 9. wil be performed (for the thizd time in Eumgia a new tragedy, entitled SIERRA. Medea, Madame Ritr; rua Mdlle. Piechiottino ; Nutrice di Creusa, Madame Flzin; Ua liovinetta,bidile. Rapazzini;: Lirsono and Melanto (children of Giasonxe and Mlodes), Mfdlle. A. Gleck and lAdlle. E. Glock; creoute. Signor Tessero; Orfeo, Signor Boccomind ;'Gimasoe, Signor Gleck; Capo-popolo, Signer Pomnatoli. Doors open at S. ThLe tragedy wil commences at half-past 8, and terminate abouit U1. I'RURY-LANE.-66th Night of Eniglish OpeumDThe public still continue to favour in an extraordinary degree the oprtcrpresentations at this national establiahmeut.-The house is crowde nightly.and loud and long are the manifestations ofapaue -THIS EVENING (Saturday), Wallace's opera, MATITWANA will be repeated. Lucy Escott Miss Fanny Huddart. IMis Dyer; Mfr. Augustus Br-aham. Mr. Eiaot Galer, Mlr. Henry Haigh. Mfr. Manvers, Mir. Durand. Mfr. Bermard, Mr. Courtaigne, Mr. Halford, &C. Mr. and Mrm W. JT. Florncwl prform-preceding the opera in the laughable Ice of MIOBeVOUA ANNI, and after the opera in THE VANZE HOMECHEEPER (being the last night of their appearance in London). P1¶HEATRE ROYAL, HAYM1AREET. - HS JL EVEN]ING (Saturday), the performances will be especially arranged as follow: to commence at. 7 o'clock, first time t-hese two ypars. wits the po{sniar comaedy of A CURE FOR LOV'E. in which Afte hiuch,stoe wene smanhsorizinal character of Mkr. Sad~ve Aftr wich te rnowedSpanish dancers, ersar Nens, with nu--1el Pearez and a complete Company of Spanish Coryphler, in the brilliant ballet pantomIme of EL GAMBUSINO; or, The Mexican Golddiggr To which will be added, for the 67th time, the new comedy of TH VIL GE'NIUS. Tom Ripesore (the Evil Genius). Mlr. Bucaloe; il Coley Mr Cippndae; oeWithers. r.Comipton; Walnsle, M. W.Earsn;LadyRinwoo, Ms. E. Fitnviliam-; OF WOAN. n Moday ext,in cnseqenecof its great success Mr. uckton's evied omey o SigleLif; with the Spanish R OYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE. - THI-S JLUEVE'NING will be presented Shakspeare's play of THIE WINTERS TALE. Leontes by Mr. C. Kean ; Hermione, by Mrs. C. Kean. Preceded by THE VICTOR VANQUITISED. TUHElATR'E ROYAL, ADELPHI.-Great Novelty JLand Attraction.-Immenso Succees-Iu consequence of the onthu.i sis g plause bestowed upon the revival of the celebrated Adelpbi drmaThe Flying uthman. it will be repeated every Evening, with its new scenrery,m-s, and supernatural effects, including the Phasxton Shp n fll ai, a oigiall poduedby Mfr. H. Child, and a mos poerfl csh-HISEVEING TE PLYING DUTCHE. MAN.Vanerdeker, MaameCeleto;Toby Varnish. Mr. B. Webter Bume, M. Wigt. ithA OTTLS OF' SMiOKE; by r. rigt ad Mss yndam.AndGOOD N-IGHT. SlIG: PANTLON;Mesrs. . Befor, 3.Blan; Msses R. Kelly and QADLER's-WELLS.-Last Night of the Ectglsh 8 Opera Season, and lost Appearance of Mfr. Sims Reeves.- Ui npreredLented Attraction for This Night only.-Mauager. Mr. Howard Glover.-MusicalDireator. Mr.W. H. Montgomer.-TMIS EVENING J'une 7, THE BEGGARS' OPERA. Captain Macheath, Mr. Sims Reeves; Folly (for this occasiion only). Miss Rebecaca. Jsaacs. A Scene from LUCIA DI LAMMIERMOOR. Enrico, Mr. Weiss; Lucia, Madame'Weiss. After which, aGrand Concert: supported by Signor CamlloSird (he at talan iolnis), errNabichs (the celebrated tromone layr), . Aexanra ind therenowind. Pianist), Mr. Schmise, MIle.Torber (th ceebrtedSwedish flautist), the New Philarmoic Coru (nuberig 20), dlle Kr llMiss Rebecca leaes,an Mr. imsReves Cocldin wth HEWATERMkA.N. TomTug M. SsusReves wth is elbraedsong '"The Bay of rUHEATRE ROYAL, SAD)LER`'a.WELLS.-gla ..L Opera.-Under the immediate Patronage of the Mahies of Donegal.-Immense attraction (tor one night only), for the BENEFIT of Mrs. PYNE GALTION.-On Mlonday. June 9, the Performance WIU commence with Jobn Barnett's romantic opera. THEZ MOUNTAIN SYLPH.E olls, Mro. Pyne Galton (her first appearance since her return from America): Jessie, Miss Agzaes Woalker : Denald, Mr. A. Locale (fom rur.lae):Chrsti, M.J. H. Tamer (from the Prices's hea bythekin pemisionof Mr. C. Keon) ; and Xel, Mrgnlr.odnia sent dama, RTo IBeTfOllwe bthbe Frspetand RD OYAL OLYMPEC THEATRE.-Itali owa JLIi Ballet.-First Yight.-On Monday nextwilbpefrd grad oera NOMA.Nora.by Madm oeoi Aftr lueopra heNatonl Athm wllbe sung by the whole strngt ofthecon an. T coclue wtha Ballet Div-ertissmnent. Pricipl dnsese,~tiu iosis Wigh. Dorsopen at 7, performaance comenc at all-ast7. Dees irce. 4. :Pit, 2s. : gaulery. is. Privte oxes £2lOs. £2Is,,and£1-t behad at the box-office, N ATIONAL STANDARDTHAR.Te Greatest Hlit ever made in the East.-EnhsateRcpino Professor Anderson, the GreatWirdfthNrh-aAIan MYSTERY EVEIRY EVENING ntesm el fslnoreai was produced at the Theatres Ryl oetgre n yem Doors openeach evening at 7,comneahlfas.Frpisse small bills In consequences of tegetrs ti motn oscr seats beforehand. Box-office oe al rm1 o4 XXTEDDING CAR-DS, Enamlled Evlp and breakfst invitations in slendid :arietj, and i the latest fashioro -P. 6d. Observe-at H SY RODRIGjES',021, Iia,lnty. U ESQUILANT, Stationer, 346, Oxford-street. F.L* uit einspction of his extensive STO K of CARRIAGE BAGS, from ls. Gd. to two guineas: and vorte-monnales in every variety. from 6d. to One guinea: a:lso DelaruoPs celobrated quadrille paper and envelopes, in various tints, a beautifat Paper for retting ott the wvriting, suadsuitable for home orforeigu correspondence, Gd pr quire; niote PaPer, 6d. per packet; envelopes, Gd. per 100, 4s.6Gd. perL1,000 the new opaque envelope, is. per 100; and every other article of eta. tioners on the lowest terms; the new Museum reading clips, from 4d each-every gentleman sheould have one. FISnEl's NEW DRESSING-BAG, 18 Strand. cata10cues. postfre WH O'D BE WVITHOUT a DRESSIN(: CAE 7- DALTON's, 85, Regent-street quadrant: establshed 30 years, -Ladles'and gentlemen's CASES, in wood or leather, containingevery requisite forthetoilet ortravelling, riceulyone guinea. CutIery-ana ansy goods of all descriptions, travelling bsgs, &c. Merehanta adthe trade su,pplile.-85f, Regent-street quadrant. Copy the address. D RESSING CASES.-At Mr. MECHrs establish- menhs,ll2. Regent-etreet,4, Lfoadonhall-otreet, and Cryntel Palace are exhibited the lned spicimens of British manufactmpret in DwESING-CASE, work-boxes, writing ESAeB, dressng bags Snd other artles of r teiity or luxur, suitable for presentatlori A separate department for papter macli manufactures anh bamatelle tablisg Table cutlery, razors, scissors penldtives, strops, raste very, dearipi orders executed. Same pdrces caged at al the establ-s5msnthi CHE LADl's £3 rosedood DRESSINfGCASE, of _Sthe full size, with jewrel drawrer, and StIed complete;-ditto, with enjravedw plated fittinge, £5 lOs.;i ditto nilperier finish, £4~ or an elegant pattern, in walnut-wood, £ S5s.BELLAaIY SAVOR'Y calls attention to his choice stoeck of faneycbinbet. leather, audpapiemnsacht goods, also to his traveiling toilet bags, and ossoetment of Joseph Rodgers and Scn'scelebrate cnUlery. At show room OD the first door. -Bellamy Savory, dressng-cass makrer, 26, Cornhili, opposite the Royakl Exchange. LiRYER's w-e)1-knowsn DESPATCH BOXES, the 51 registered, the unlversal, the naval and arilutary. the viceroy, tho oEticial, a .d the ladlies' deepatch bas, are the most compulete wiriting casea yet introduced. Superior fillted travelling bags and erery descniption of wiriting and drreuing CECss, at thc lowrest prices,-63, Charingcross, near Spring-gardens, HiER MA3ESYTT'S THEATREg. Albertini, Bucarde, AIhOnU THIS EVENING (Saturday, June 7) will be repeated Verdi's oe, IL TROVATO onora, MadamIe Aiber-i; ad ucera, eadame D boni G bsanrlcor ignor Asucarde; X einudo. Sigzor Boucho; Fe Cano di Lgunr. Sinor BesDeseCtano. To concludhe ith New BalletDDivertisselent, incwhich ?dller MarieTGni and MU. Chrileao wi appear aCddance a Grand PasdeDeus and La Seguidilla. Pas de Deus by Mdlle. Poschetti and .IS. Var dris. Applications for bo;ces, stalig, ano tickets to be taea fecxofc ftetete Colonnade, Hayrnarket.maea h o-dc ftetete ROYAL ITA.IAN OPERA LYCEUMP . Second Night of La Favoritsa. FRS EVEIG (Saturday, June VO wi1 be performed Sfor the second timAe this seaon) Doniletti opera, LA. FAVOA Leonora, MIadame Grisi; Thor, Mandae Tigliafico; Baldaare, M. Zelgier; Don Gasparo, Signor :Solds * Alfomo X..L S4gnor Grnzi rd: Lan FerdiDar do, Siguor Myrio. Conductor-Mr. Costa. Ig the secord act a Dinertwsement. in which AldlIe. maper &dlie. Genat, and Mdlle. Certo will adpear. Commnence aNt 8 DR R -M-IIE OPERA. For the BES}sFIT of Mr. usd nrs W J O THIS EVENING, A SCURBEOUS ANNIVE AAter which, MAa.IThSp e Lucy Bacott, Miss Faussy -Huiddart; 31essrs. .&ugstna Brabam, DuraId Bernar, &Sc. To concludew ith TH H RI AHNKEE H OUGSEKEEPER. THEATRE ROYAP,I HEAY TRET. Under the M£anagement of Mr. EuClstono. THIIS EVBNING. A CURE b'OR-LOVE.- bIe3srz. Buckstone, Chippendale; E. Fitzilliamu, Poynter, kc. T_1E EVIL, GENIUS: Concluding with THE EIGHTS AND lVRONGS OF WOhAN. ROYAL PItICYSS'S THETRE. Under the Management of Mlr. Charles Roan. THI EVENINGwill be presentedTH F VICTOR VANQUISHED. After which. Shakepearef play of THE WINTJSR'S TALE Leonte3, by Mr. 0. Kean; Hermione, by Mrs. 0. Rean. THEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHL Proprietor, hMr. B. Webster; Directrees. Madame Celeste. THIS EVENING, THE FLYING DUTCEMAN: Messrs. B. Webster, Wright, P. Bedford, Selby, Bland: Madame Celeite. Missea Reeley. K, Kelly. c. 'With A BOTTLE OF SMORE: Mr. Wright and Miss Wyndh a. And GOOD NIGHT, BIG. PIANTALON. _________ ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. I1ssee Mr. A£redlV xfL TElIS EVENNG. THEsJEAe OUS WIF . C haracters by Me.sre. 0. Viniag, Emery. F. Vining, Danvers, White: Mrs. Stirling. fios Cattleton, and hIss Marston. TaE WANDERING MINSTREL. JernBaggs, Mr.F.Robson. And STAY AT HOMlE. Commence at q past 7. SADLER'S-WELLS.-ENGLISH OPERA. last Night. THIS EVENING. THE BEGGARS' OPERA, Captain Macheath, Mr. Sims Reeves. A Scene from LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR. Enrico, Mr. Weiss; Lucia, 3rs. Weiss. A Grand Concert. After which, THE WATERMAN. TomiTug, Mr. Sims Reeves. ROYAL SURREY THEATRE. Lessee, Messs. Shepherd and Croswick. Last Night of the Dramatic Season. THIS EVE NING, OTHELLO. Othello, lMr. Cresavick; Ia-o Mr. James Anderson; Deedemons, Miss El3oworthy: Emulia, Mfrs. ldoreton Brookee. To conclude wvith THE; FLOATING BEACON. Jack Junk, Mfr. Shepherd. ASTLE'S ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE, lessee and Manager. Mr. W. Cooke. TMIS EENING, THE HORSE OF THE CAVERN; or, The Mounted Brgands of the Abruz.L Tho Acts of the Arena. Doublo Revolving Athletie. To conclude with THE FESTIVAL OF PACE, or Honour to the Brave; with Grand Allegorical Tableau. TO CORRESPONDENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times is reclueeto4d., andthat5id. is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affixed. Under the amended reg,ulations of the Post-office (No. 60) !The Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an impressed stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous corommnications. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer; not necesarily for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to return rejected communications. £Sl The publication of Taca Tmca3 commenced at 5 o'clock yesterday morning, and inished at 9.
LONDON, SATURDAY, JUE 7, 1856. In the House of Lords yesterday, Lord DENrmAN, with much ascerbity, corrected a misstatement in the report of his remarks on the previous evening; he was represented as supporting the Limited Liabilities Bill he had referred to the bill of last session, not that now before the House. Lord Mo.TzrAoLE moved the second reading of the Draughts on Bankers Bill. Lord C43rPBi explained the grounds of his judicial decision on the question of crossed checks, which had given rise to the bill. The measure did not touch that decision; he therefore supported it. The bill was then read a second time. Lord St. L ow&An's asked if it was the intention of the Government, by any legislative enactment, to abolish the punishment of death in all cases of murder by women. In two instances women who had committed atrocious murders had been reprieved, without any apparent reason for such clemency. If it was intended never to carry the sentence of the law into effect on women because their execution might be revolting to the public, it ought to be stated; but hethought it would amount to an abrogation of the law of the land that would produce the most fatal consequences. Earl GnAiL-vnE said it was not the intention of the Government to propose any change in the law; nor did it intend in all such cases to extend the mercy of the CROwN to the criminals. Lord CAMrBELi deprecated the discussion in either House of Parliament of the cases in which the prerogative of mercy might have been exercised by the CRowN. He had the fullest confidence in the discretion of the SEcRETARY for the HosssE DDpARTarvsT, and had no doubt that in the cases specified extenuating circamstances had been discovered; but he was glad to hear that the law was to be maintained, and to lay down a rule that no women were to be executed, however atrocious their guilt, would lead to very fatal results. The Earl of HADrwicE asked for an explanation from the Government of several points connected with the erection of the new Military Hospital on Southampton water; biut, in the absence of Lord PihruRv, Earl GRAN-IviE stated he could not give the infornmation required. On the motion for the third reading of the Peers, Appellate Jurisdiction Bill, Earl GRANviLLE notified to the House the assent of the CRowN to the introduction of the measure. The Earl of CLAN-cARTY opposed the bilL Lord DENMAN moved that it be read a third time that day six months. The Earl of DERBY defended the measure; the object of the committee of inquiry had not been so much to declare what the law was at present as to define what it should be for the future. He explained the defects in the legal procedure of the House that rendered the bill necessary, approved the creation of two legal peers for life with a salary for discharging the specific duties required of them, and stated he should see the bill rejected by either House of Parliament with great regret. The Mlarquis of CLAWRICARDE contended that the bill was the result of a compromise on a question in which compromise ought not to have been admitted. It umdoubtedly limited the right of the CRoWN to create life peerages; and for the first time granted payment to Peers for discharging Parliamentary functions,-a principle which, if adopted, wouldlower the character of the House. He hoped the bill would not pass. Earl GRUAI,LLE denied that the remnmeration of the Deputy-Speakers for a distinct duty was an innovation. The LoRi CLASCELLOR, the Chairman of the Committees in that House, and the SPREANx of the House of Commons were all paid for discharging Parliamentary daties of the highest importance. The Earl of WIcExow thought the expectations of improvement in the judicial character of the House founded on the bill were very much overrated. The law lords who now necessarily attended on appeals would give up that attendance when two peers were created expressly to perform that duty. He shouild not vote against the bill; but heregretted the Governmenthad, by introducing it, given to a resolution of the House the force of law. Their Lordships then divided; there appeared, for the tliird reading - h Contents ... ... ... ... 44 Non-contents ... .. ... 4 * ajority for the third reading ... 40 The bill was then read a third time and passed. Their Lordships then adjourned. In the House of Commons Sir E. B. LTrroN inquired whether any steps had been taken on the part of HER MATESTY's Government, within the last three weeks, to press for ancd obtain a reply from that of the UTnited States to the proposal for an arbitration on the question respecting Central America. Lord PAl3j1RsToN said he was anable to give an answer to that particular question; but they vero fully aware that the offer had been mtde. With regaard to certain preliminary remiarks whichl had fallen from Sir E. Lyre, he added that, in the present state of things, he thought the prospect of a permanent maintenance of amicable relations between this country and the United States would be promoted by the judicious forbearance which had been already shown by Sir EDWARD upon this subject. He sincerely hoped, he said, and not without good reason, that there might be no interruption of the peacef ulrelations betweenthe two countries; but a discussion in that House must produce contrary opinions, the expression oE which cou not but be attended within3urious resuls. With referenceto what he had said on Thursday, that the Goverunment knew indirectly of the departure of MIr. Ci iROX from Washington, he had since learnt from :Lord CnaxNnosthat the information had been received by a packet which left Halifax on the 22d of MIay; but that since then another packet had arrived from New York, which left on the 24th, and which did not bring any confirmation of the report. On the motion that the House at its rising do adjourn until Monday, lMr. T. Dusco,maa caeled attention to thereport of the late Sligo Election Committee, and asked whether it was intended to move that EDWARD KIEi oRAi and JAms WARD be indicted for perjury, in conformity with the report of that committee. MIr. G. BuTr, the chairman of the committee, after an explanation of matters of a personal nature, said, as the committee had not reported that he should be directed to move that the AreTon- =-GENERAL for Ireland should be instructed to prosecute the parties, and as the committee was now at an end, he thought it would not be discreet or proper for him to make such a motion, which it was open to any other member to make if he thought fit. Mr. GowFER bore testimony, as a member of the committee, to the perfect fairness -with -which the chairman had conducted the inquiry. IMr. J. D. FITZGmRATD said, as the committee had declined to instruct their chairman to move for the prosecution of the parties in question, he was bound to conclude that they had good reason for omitting to give that ordinary direction. There was, he observed, a technical difficulty on the face of the evidence. An arbitrarv rule of law required two witnesses to convict of perjury, and he did not find in the evidence that this riile could be complied with. He could, therefore, neither recommend the Government to apply to the House for an order to prosecute, nor undertake the prosecution on his own individual responsibility. In answer to a question put by Lord EOHo, Sir C. WOOD gave some detailed information relative to the bringing home of the troops from the Crimea, which would be completed, he thought, by the middle of July. Various other inquiries were made and answered before the question of adjournment was agreed to. On the oraer for going into a Committee of Supply, Lord Erono called attention to SrirsoE's Crimean sketches, with a view to their beinm purchase by the nation. The CAwcELLoR of the Ex4mEQvx said these water-colour drawings had been made by an artist employed by Messrs. CouAGIm for the purpose of a collection of engravings, which had been completed and published. It did not appear to him that it would be desirable for the nation to purchase these drawings, which were not suitable for a permanent memorial, and he thought he should not be justified in proposing to the House a vote of money for that object. The 3Marquis of BLAEuFORD called attention to the existing want of church accommodation in the parish of Plumstead, and to the claims upon the Government in respect of property and employment of labour in the parish, and moved a resolation that the circumstances of the parish contiued to demand the attention of the Government. He stated the circumstances of the case, which, he observed, spoke for itself, and referred to a state of things of infinite importance. Mr. MoNsE=L recommended that the matter should be left in the hands of the Secretary of State for the War Department. After a few remarks by 3Mr. JEaEs MWGREsoon and Sir J. PAx:NGTroN, Lord 3BLADFORD withdrew his mnotion. The House then went into Committee of Supply upon the remaining Civil Service estimates. Among other votes which gave rise to much debate was one of 2,000I. towards a British Historical Picture Gallery, to carry into effect a measure contemplated in an address to the House of Lordsnamely, the formation of a gallery of portraits of the most eminent persons in British history, which was opposed by Mr. SpoozERn, who objected to taxing the people for an object which they would have no opportunity of enjoying; but, upon a division, the vote was carried by 9T to 28. Another vote which led to a somewhat protracted discussion was one of 10,0001. to defray the cost of removing the Science and Art Branch of the Educational Department of the Council-office from farlborough-hot setoKensing,ton-gore,M3r.SrooRxr objecting to the expending of more money upon this property, over which, he contended, the Royal Commissioners had absolute control, the legal estate being vested in them. The vote was, however, agreed to without a division. In the couirse of the discussion, Mr. WIsoi stated the arrangements made for the location of the Royal and other Societies in Burlington-house. On the vote of 24,7001. for a new road from Pallmall to Buckingham-gate, Lord R. GRosvENoR moved that it be deferred for six months, with a view to a reconsideration of the subject of improvements in St. James's Park by a select committee of the House before any expenditure is incurred for such purpose; but, this motion being informal, he objected to the -ote altogether, advocating another plan. Sir B. HALL defended the plan approved by a committee of which Lord R. GatosvmNox was a member, for a road from Pall-mall to Belgravia, which he understood had met the wishes of the House. Mr. Tim suggested that the road be so placed that the necessity of pullingdown theGermanChapel would be avoided, and proposed that the vote should be reduced by 10,0001., the cost of rebuilding the chapel. Sir J. PAxrToN condemned the project of a footbridge over the ornamental water in St. James's Park, and MIr. S. WORTmEY dissented from the plan proposed by the vote, which upon a division was negatived by a very large majority-192 to 70. Other votes having been agreed to, the CH:AI-ma was ordered to report the resolutions. MIr. MlAL%is, in moving the second reading of the Joint Stock Companies' Winding-up Acts Amendment bi"l, brought from the House of Lords, explained its object, which was, he said, to remedy a defect in the act of 1848, denying that it was designed, as had been supposed by some, to give protection to the shareholders of the Tipperary Bank. By the eAxisting law, a single creditor could ob-tain an advantage over the great body of creditors,and might lay hold of any shareholder of a joint-stock bank, and the primary object of the bill was to provide for the election of a representative of the creditors, who should be empowered to make arrangements and compromises on their part with the shareholders, as an assignee in bankruptcy. M;r. S. FrrZGERALD moved to defer the second reading for six months. The provisions of the bill he considered to be not only injurious and cruel to small depositors, but objectionable in a general view of the policy of the law with regard to jointstock banks. Mfany humble creditors of the Tipperary Bank, who had become so on the faith of the existimg law, would find their hard earnings swept away bythiis ecs-post-facto legislation, 'With respect Ito the general policy of the law, no machinery could be devised that woulld give the official representative of the creditors that knowledge of the separate |estates of the shareholders -which would enable him I to enter into a satisfactory compromise. He pointed I out other objections to the measuire 'under this 1 head. This amendment was seconded by 3Mr. IENLEY, who observed that if the principle of the bill were countenanced by the House it was impossible to say how far it might lead. Ti ' l was opposed by Mlr. BL.AD. On the motion of MTr. HEEx, the debate was adJourr.ed. Certain bills were advanced a stage; and, the other order3 having -b3en disposed. of, the House then adjourned, at 10 minutes to 2 o'clock, til MIon0day. o
Neither we, nor any other journal that we know of, ever professed any exclusive and private information on the public affairs of the United States. The subject-matter of our remarks ha been open to all the world, and, whatever differ. ence of opinion, there might be as to the temper, and motives, and designs of public men in the United States, or of the people, the facts have been matter of notoriety. We believe, then, we are only remarldng what is the subject of universal observation-that for a long time past, and in par. ticular throughout the whole of the difference that now assumes so threatening an aspect, there have been two distinct currents of feeling in the Americani intelligence. On the one hand, there has been everything that could irritate, annoy, and provol;e the British Government and all those classes supposed to be specially concerned in it. There has been no end of brag,ging of the vigorous genius and ascendant destiny of the Union, as compared with a Wornout old-world State Eke ours. There has been the continual assertion *that the British people would never support its Government against any pretensions whatever that the States mig'ht choose to advance. N:uch more there has been to this effect, and we have occasionally filled whole columns with matter of this offensive description, well knowing that our readers would set it down at its true value. Such has been one ctrrent of feeling, and a very disagreeable one it has been. The other has equally pressed itself upon the public attention of this country. Indeed, one might almost suppose there were people in the United States who make it their business to impress on us this view of American society. It is this :-" Never mind all this apparent hostility. "It is mere electioneering. All the more respect" able, all the more substantial people in the Union, "are against war. Their sympathies with Ithe old " ' country? are still too strong. They can never " wish to see it degraded. Their private interests " are bound up in peace. Only don't you fan the " flame. This difference is the work of a few "violent politicians, who find it their interest to "widen the breach, and bring two countries to the C" verge of war-though, indeed, it would matter " little to them if the verge were passed." Such are the two streams of intelligence flowing hither from the opposite shore. They present the widest possible difference, ancd yet we believe them bot' to be true. The solution of the apparent inconsistency is to be found in the character of the class that governs I the United States and of that which submits to be only governed. That phrase, " the governing " classes," which here applies to a very aristocratic, or rather oligarchical section of the community, is not without meaning in the United States, but has a very different meaning. There it may be applied to the clever, specuilative, and elo. quent,-to the men of popular manner, plausible style, and voluble utterance. Of course, the class derives no little aid from the pen of the ready writer, for nobody can deny that the most lively and readable of the American journals represent rather the agitators than the quiet, respectable class. They are evidently not written for elderly gentlemen, reading the daily paper for an hour after breakfast, or while the ladies are at work iu the evening. We should also say that they are not written for people with a very deep stake in tranquillity and order. The political mind is the same, indeed, al over the world, for everywhere there are those who betak;e themselves more naturally and also more successfulIy to political action, talking, and writing, than to any other occupation, and who find their success or theilr failure, but at all events their most congenial employment, is the exercise of that speciality. This is the governing class in the United States, where everything is left to the natural bent of the individual, and where political genius is a flower that seldom blushes unseen, or wastes its sweetness in obscurity. The class which submits to be only governed, and which is as thoroughly banishedfrom power in the United States as the poorest, the most retired, the most poetical, and the most sentimental among us, is the respectable and wealthy class-the men of old families, the people of whom we are repeatedly told by American apologists that British travellers never see them, and know nothing at all about them. We are assured that in all the large cities of the long-settled States there are circles with a refinement of their own, as exclusive and as gentlemanly as anything to be found in this country,-a sort of oasis in that rugged wilderness. We are told, too, that everywhere wealth, family education, and religion are forming similar islands of good society. But, unfortunately, so it is said, everywhere the result is the same. Whatever is exclusive,-as all refinement must be,-whatever shuts out the people, ostracizes itself. It is banished from power. It must henceforth be governed by that which is below it, and which it despises. Thus, the Government of the United States is formed like the vestry of a Londonparish, not from the inhabitants of the splendid squares and first-class streets, but from the second or third-rate people, who appreciate the distinction, and have no otner means of exalting themselves. We are told that this class, which is too proud to seek office on the humiliating terms required in a republic,these imitators of CORIOLAUS, too proud to solicit the suffrages of the Roman mob, is every year more unmerous and wealthy. But it only shows a growing distaste for vulgar dictation and the favour of a mob. Such are the two classes, the political and the unpolitical men of the States,-they who seek offlce and they who despise it. Now, we shall doubtless seem very i ngrateful, and shall forfeit probably a great deal of goodwill, when we avow that our sympathies are more with the political class, though generally hostile to this country, and that wve ha-ve very little patience with the unpolitical class, which is always represented as friendly to us. Could the politicians of the Union be canvassea, we fear we should find a determination to push things to an extremity with this country and to get every pos. sible advantage out of our loss or disgrace. With this sentiment we can have no sympathy. It is simply inhuman and selfish. But what are we to say to those wealthy and exclusive classes which keep aloof, as we are told, from all political questions and struggles, which leave office in vulgar hands, and sell the policy and honour of their coumtry for peace, not to it, but to themselves ? It is from these rich, worthy, good, sentimental people, that there comes the undercurrent of worthless sympathy we have mentioned above. These are the respectable people who, if we met theni, would give us so much better an opinion of America than we now have. These are the men whom Colonel IHAMUTON, and ms. Tnorio?p andw CaABLts Dicxmis, and a score other writers, never saw; and who are not to be confounded with stump orators, members of the United States' Cabinet, and drinkers of gin-sling. How earnest must be their generosity to the old conntry ! What good have they done IIs ° We will franlly say that we could* wish they were kdnder towards their own fellow-citizens. We have no rig,ht to demand their sympathy for us, but may expect them to be patriotic among themselves. Why do these people go onconniving
3Mr. SIDNEY HEnBERT hit the right nail on the hiead the other night when he complained that our military officers rarely take any interest in their profession. This is the real secret of their defects. MIanly and courageous, they concentrate their best, if not their sole, qualities on the charging column and the resistingsquare. Willing to go anywhere and bear up against any force, they seldom carry their thoughts beyond the present duty and the immediate impulse. A complexity of combinations puzzles, a continuity of operations wearies them. Even in a siege of extraordinary dclration and more than ordinary _ppliances, the majority of them find little to exercise their reflection, test their knowledge, or provoke their curiosity. It was one of the many noticeable events which struck intelligent visitors of the Crimean camp with astonishment that the English officers, unable to occupy their minds with the daily events of the siege, sought for excitement by betting on the "Derby" or their own less pretentious races; and officers of rank u-ho have commanded colonial garrisons can record the feelings with which they have contrasted the intelligent inquisitiveness of young French or German subalterns and the supercilious indifference which young English officers have exliibited on being shown over a foreign garrison, or uvhen inspecting foreign troops. The one class lose no time in slietching forts, counting guns, examining defences, and scrutinizing not only the manceuvres, but also the kit, the health, and the food of the EInglish soldier, while all such studies seem to be beneath or beyond the attention of the majority of their English contemporaries. How much time and opportunity, and, what is far more important, how much life is lost through asuch ignorance, it is needless to point out. Favour- able occasions of attacl or escape ignored, requisite provision for the food or protection of themselves and their men foregone, men exposed to needless and superfluous danger through want of *observing local peculiarities or of knowing general rules, unnecessary loss of life and dissipation of resources,-such are among the most obvious results of professional ignorance on the part of officers, results for which the most daring gallantry, the most chivalrous defiance of danger, the most heroic self-devotion, cannot, in a protracted war, ade.quately compensate. But, while we regret the absence of that informnation and the neglect of those studies which atlone can prepare the minds of commanding officers for all the varied contingencies of modem warfare, we would guard against the supposition of leaning towards the encouragement of a high-pressure system of instruction. Ignorance is a bad thing, lout cramming is perhaps worse; and of all things wve would especially and earnestly deprecate that sort of omnigenous cramming which seems to be so much in vogue with certain educational coteries. We believe that to exact from young men of the age of 17 or 18 a large stock of mathematics, a thorough knowledge of French, Latin, and modem history, in addition to fortification and other spceial acquirements, would be a monstrous abzurdity. The young men who at 17 or 18 had got together such a mass of information would have got it at such an expenditure of health and mental vigour as would render them at 27 or 28, in all practical matters and on all trying emergencies, inferior to others of less cultivation but stronger constitutions. The great object is to secure, not saps or scholars, but officers who shall take an intelligent interest in the study of military science and military details; and this will only be done by men who have profited by the ordinary education which is iniparted to all gentlemen, combined with rudimaentary instruction of a professional nature, and scho contine,e their studies after they have obtiobted their cummissicyns. It is this last point which, we fear, is far too often forgotten by the advocates both of military and general education. They forget that knowledge is a plant of slowr growvth; that the studies of youith are only a grotundwork; and preparation for those of more advanced years; and that the great object is rather to inspire the mind with a love of information, and acdapt it to the reception of it, than to store it with a rapid and premature accumulation of facts, sciences, and languages. 'Universal experience fully demonstrates that of two men, equally gifted with natural talent, equally quick of observation, and equal in physical strength, but of whom one lias been forned' by some process of moderate but regular mental discipline, whlile the other has been allowed to rust withouit any intellectual culture whatever, the former will, when arrived at middle age, exhibit faculties of order, direction, and combination which will in vain be expected from the other. And the reason of this is obvious. The former will have learnt in his youth habits of reflection and application, which' will not desert him in maturer years. His mind, once open to the admission of knowledge and exercised on the analysis of facts, will be continually imbibing fresh stores of learning, and wrestling witlh the difficulties of new problems. Its activity, stimulated and not jaded by the career of preparatory training through which it has passed, will find an unceasing and ever fruitful field of usefulness in every subject of professional interest. But the 'atter, whose mental faculties have neither been strengthened by discipline nor expanded by reading, will become each succeeding year more incapable of emerging from the innermost circle of routine. Whenever the story of the last campaign shall he franksly told, we shall learn how much of our comparative failure was due to the absence not only of professional knowledge but of professional zeal ou the part of our officers. We have heard it whispered, indeed, that even the most educated branch of the profession-the Engineer Corps-did niot fully answer to the expectations they had raised and the reputation they enjoyed. We are inclined to believe that the paucity of men at their command vill explain such shortcomings as may he fairly imputable to them. If there be another reason, it is one which fully bears out our recommendation of prufessional training. The Engineer officers are disseminated over about twenty colonies, in all parts of the globe, where they are more frequently employed upon civil than on military works. Ilence, when tried by the test of that which ought to be their special work and special excellence, they may fail even more than Iess educated corps. But this only shows that they should be kept up to their proper military duties. The whole question is too important to be lost sight of by the country or by Parliament. Upon it depends far more than most people have been accustomed to think the honour, the welfare, it may be the intact security, of England. There is no universal disarming on the continent. There is no general expectation of peace. The great empires and kingdoms of Europe give no hint of their intention to abrogate the arbitrament of the sword for an appeal to the poetic federation of the world, Austria and Russia still maintain between them a million of armed soldiers. They still bestow their highest honours, their most brilliant prizes, upon the successful or accomplished chief. They still educate and endow thousands of aspirants for the military profession. France still cherishes the calling, and appeals to the ambition of her soldiers. Not only in her public schools, I but in her palaces, her galleries, and her theatres, she recalls the glories of familiar, and paints the splendours of fictitious, victories. At Versailles, at the Louvre, at the Palais Royal, the holyday peasant and the Parisian gamin gaze with pride and self-love upon the records of great achievements by wlhich gamrias and peasants became AMarshals of the Empire. To perpetuate the traditions of that epoch, and to reproduce that race of men to vhom they are due, no expense and no labour are spared. No false economy, no dread of military sway, much less any intrigue of cabals or jobbery of placemen, interferes. The nation identifies the continuance of its greatness with its army, and therefore makes every effort to render the organization of that army as complete as possible. WVe, in England, don't want great armies, because we have other and better means of protecting ourselves against foreign aggression. But we know that, though we do not want a large, we do want an army. We can't defend our colonies and their commerce, Ireland and India,-nay, at times of great distress or excitement, our great manufacturingtowns, without a standing force. This conceded, we ought to have such an army as shall compensate by its quality for its scant numbers; as shall form not, indeed, an armament ready and equipped for the contingency of an European war, but the nucleus of the very best defensive force in Europe, best in the pay, the discipline, and habits of the soldiers; best, also, in the acquirements and intelligence of the officers who command them.
Of the five great Powers which govern the E:uropean world Austria is certainly the one which best exemplifies the saying about the little wisdom of rulers. The events of the last eight, and especially of the last two years, would seem sufficient to enlighten a State which more than any other has need of political observation. Austria is an empire composed of provinces wvhich have little in common. The Bohemian and the Galician, the Hungarian and the Milanese, when they meet at Vienna, understand neither the language of the capital nor of each other. There are as many dissensions as races ; but, whatever may be the mutual dislikes of the subject peoples, they are as nothing compared withll the animosity which more than one of them feels towards the central authority. Austrian statesmen, in addition to this knowledge, have the experience of the late war. The Holy Alliance is gone, Vienna is at feud with Berlin, and on the side of St. Petersburg she must prepare for all that friendship turned to hatred can effect. Prudence required that Austria, when she declared against Russian aggression, should declare also against that system of leaden repression of wvhich the Czar NICHOLAS was the animating spirit. But Austria has not learnt or forgotten as much aa prudence would have taught her. Although the ally of a kingdom whose boast is liberty, and an empire which has sprung from revolution, she still keeps to the watehwords which were in fashion 20 years ago. The circular we publish elsewhere, which the Cabinet of Vienna has addressed to its representatives at Florence, Rome, Naples, and Modena, might have been penned in the days oI Laybach or Vrerona. There may, indeed, be some excuse for the statesmen of an ancient empire and the advisers of him who, according to the herald's code, is the first of European Monarchs, if they feel some irritation at the part which a secondary State has played in the affairs of Italy and the world. The representative of the CISSARS may be a much greater man than the Duke of SAvoy, and Vienna may be fairly indignant at the destiny of Southern Europe being sketched in a memorandum emanating from Turin. But politicians who have seen all the changes and chances of these modern days, who contemplate ancient dynasties in exile, and a Transatlantic republic propounding new maxims on the law of nations, might be supposed to be actuated by other motives than traditional pride, and an enmity which is now impotent to effect its objects. We cannot but feel that the Austrian politicians let slip a great opportunity when they determined to shut their eyes to the new situation in Europe. They might have taken the lead in those changes which are now inevitable; instead of this, they place themselves in opposition, and every year must bring them new mortifications, or perhaps menace them with a calamitous struggle. If will be remembered that Count DE CAvouR spoke boldly at the late Conferences on the state of Italy; he also presented to the English and French Plenipotentiaries a document in which the faults of the Italian Governments and the necessity of a reform were clearly exposed. The Cabinet of Vienna has published a manifesto which is merely an irate criticism on these proceedings. It is asserted that the Sardinian statesman had declared that his country was separated from Austria by irreconcilable differences of political system. "Very true," says Count BUOLo; "w We camiot do "otherwise than subscribe to the opinion which he expressed as to the insurmountaole difference "which separates us on the field of political prin- ciples." Thus the position of the twvo States is at once defined by Austria. What is evidently an exaggerated version of Count DE CAVOU 's language is put forward, and exultingly accepted by the Austrian Minister as exactly expressing his own ideas. Such a cavalier beginning is of course followed by high-toned denunciations and threats. Austria sneers at an alleged assertion of Piedmont that extreme measures might be resorted to, the consequences of which might be incalculable. The E3iPEROR will not concede the niission of speaking in the name of Italy. Then follows what might seem a piece of banter. Austria is anxious to respect the independence of each Italian State, and is willing to make an appeal to their impartial judgment 'whether the Imperial influence and military occupations shall continue or end. The EM.PERoR consents to lay the case, not before the great Powers of Europe, not before any fair representatives of the Italian people, but before the POPE, the King of NAPLES, and the potentates of Florence, Parma, and Modena. Really, it would seem as if Count BoOL thought he had only the drawing-rooms of Vienna to deal withI Sutch sophistry can have no effect on Europe in general but to lower the position of the man who uses it and the Sovereign who permits it to be disseminated. It gives no high notion of the Austrian Minister's tact to find him making a proposition the absurdity of which any diplomatic tiro among his opponents can at once expose. But a similar kind of reasoning runs through the whole despath. We raight fancy that Count BuoL has carried away some feeling of irritation from the Paris Conferences, for he is continually quoting the Count DZ CAvouR. Instead of regarding the position of affairs in a statesmanlike and manly spirit, he is always dwelling on what the Piedmontese Plenipotentiary said, and inveighing against his doctrines. The Count DB CAVOUB had asserted that the presence of foreign troops in a country created discontent. Any man of any nation may judge for himself whether this is not likely to be true; but the Austrian Minister for Foreign Affairs thinks it would be "much less "distant from the truth to niake use of a com"pletely opposite reasoning." According to him, military occupation is necessary on account of the revolutionary intrigues, which are fostered by such "incendiary speeches" as those delivered at Turin. Count BuOL compassionately admits. that the language of the Sardinian statesman might be occasioned "bythe necessityof a Parliamentary victory," but he feels bound not the less to declare the present determination of Austria. The E-Punot always has, and always will, give armed assistance to States which demand it against foreign or domestic enemies. It is enough that Austrian troops are always -withdrawn when the legitimate authority is in a condition to maintain order. As Tuscany was evacuated when the GRAND Duuz was secure, so the Papal States will be abandoned " when "the Government of that country shall require no "further assistance against the attacks of the "revolutionary party." Austria will await with firmness the progress of events, certain that the attitude of the Italian Governments will not differ from her own. What need is there for adding more? We have quoted enough to show that the Imperial Cabinet has taken its stand on the old ground of immobility and repression. It is no breach of international etiquette to say that such a proceeding is a challenge to those who have advocated reforms in Italy. Austria wiU yield nothing. With her the State is the Monarch or camarilla who may chance to govern; she knows and is determined to know nothing else. The people have no rights; any colln cession must be regarded as a favour which the Sovereign has conferred, and which he may cancel at will. In the whole of this docament Count BuoL never once recognizes any right, sentiment, or aspiration disunited from the governing Power. Such phrases as " anarchy," " revolution," " criminal hopes," CC angry passions," are all that he has to apply to the most cherished feelings of twenty millions of sensitive and highly-gifted men. It is plain that improvement and national content in Italy have yet many and wearying obstacles before them. But Austria may discover that she has il-chosen her part. She has offended the greatest of despotic monarchies past forgiveness. She is now repulsing those free nations which were willing to welcome her as an ally.
The House of Commons last night was guilty of one of those acts which seem intended as a satire upon representative institutions. We had all supposed that the question of a free passage across St. James's Park had been set at rest for ever. The public most eagerly desired the improvement, which is absolutely necessary for the comfort of some of the most populous districts of the towni. The Court had at length acquiesced in the oftrepeated demand. The subject had been introduced into the House of Commons under the auspices of the Government. The House adopted the principle, and referred the points of detail to a Select Committee. That committee made their report; and last night that report was sunmmarily negatived by a large majority of the House in Committee of Supply. The whole story is so ludicrous that we would here call particular attention to that portion of our Parliamentary report of last night in which it is contained. At an early period of the evening Mr. STAFFORD asked ;why the gates between St. James's Palace and the German Chapel were not open to public traffic, and also why free passage was not permitted through the Stableyard ? He remarLed, naturally enough, that during the period of the Great Exhibition hackney carriages were permitted to traverse St. James's Park. lVhy was this permission withdrawn? 'What inconveniience had resulted at the time? hI r. STAEFoBD's mouth was stopped by the CHaCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, who said that the question had better be raised at a later portion of the evening, when the vote was taken in Committee of Supply. rii due course the vote was proposed. The sum of 24,ZOOI. was demanded for the purpose of constructing a road through St. James's Park from Pall-mall to Buckingham-gate, and for a foot-bridge over the Ornamental Water. To this proposition Lord ROBERT GRosvNoi, who had been a member of the Select Committee, demurred. He moved that the vote be disallowed, in order that the subject might be re-investigated by a fresh select committee. There were almost as many propositions as speakers. The recommendation on the strength of which the vote was demanded had been carried by 8 to 3 in the Select Committee, but when the scattered dissentients in the House imited their forces they contrived to throw the Government into a minority of 70 as against 192. This question of opening St. James's Park is merely one of time, but the work has all to be done over again through this foolish act of our representatives. MIeanwhile, nmost people wvill be of opinion that Mr. STArFotD is very much in the right. If we cannot realize all those ALNASCHAR dreams of pulling down columns, and carting chapels out of the way, at least let the park-keepers be ordered to admit carriages and cabs to pass freely between the Stableyard and Buckingham-gate. There is no necessity for a vote of the House of Commons for this purpose. Thus the Government can prove that they at least were in earnest, and that it is not by their fault that tlhs ridiculous deception has been practised on the country. All that need be done is to give an order to a policeman or a park-keeper, and to open a couple of iron gates, and Belgravia will be brought into connexion with the rest of London.
A Commission has been appointed to inquire into the working of the Fishery Board of Scotland, and the grounds for the continuance of the present Parliamentary grant. The Commissioners, Mr. Bonamy Price, Mr. St. John, Surveyor-General of Customs, and Captain Sullivan, R.N., will proceed inmnediately to the discharge of their task. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the recept of half-notes for 901. (89,465 for 501., 26,482 for 201., and 26,483 for 201.), and postage stamps for 18s. 5d., on account of a sum of 901. 18s. 5d., income-tax unpaid on foreign stock, from " E. V. A." Also, 1001. for income-tax froni "R. 20." CoUi.mnrM r PRESENTMXT OF PAM R.-We are requested to state that the paragraph which appeared in ne Times of Thursday respecting the stubhtitution of a portrait of MIr. Cobden for that of Palner, which was quotea from the Nlewcastle Guardan, appeared in the Memc*tle £hronidle, and was furnished by the London correspondoet of the latter paper. LATEST INTELLIGERCE. (ir 8MDUMBAN ZRITSH B]fR .) FRANCE. We have received the followingtelegraphic de. xpatch from our Paris correspondent:- * I PAR , FrmIDAY, Ju-,m 6. " TheEmperor left Paris this morning to visit the valley of the Loiro. " His Majesty arrived at Orleans at 11 o'clock, and, after distributing, relief to many of the sufferers, he left for Blois at half-past 12, and arrived there at a quarter past 1. " The Emperor immediately entered a carriage to visit the inundated districts."
COANADA. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRA2PH) LIVERPOOL, FtiDAY EvEN{o. By the Canadian mail steamer North American we have advices from Montreal to the 23d, and from Quebec to the 24th of May. Sir Alan M'Nab had just resigned office. The Canadian, hence, had arrived at Quebec. The Quebec Colonist says :-" We are now in Canada involved in a Ministerial crsis of unusual duration. It has hitherto generally been found easy to get a new set of men to take the places vacated by their predecessors; but, although the resignation of the Administration presided over by Sir Alan MrNab has been in the hands of his Excelloncy since Monday, no new Ministry is yet formed; at least, we have, at the time we write, received no intimation that Mr. Tache, the leader of the Lower Canadian portion of the late Government, and who was sent for by his Excellency on Wednesday night, has succeeded in patching up an Administration. " The general opinion, seeing the impossibility of reconciling the various sections of the late Opposition, is, that the Ministry, with the exception of Mr. Cayley, wrho is not supposed to be equal to the position of Financial Minister, and Sir Alan ?Nab, who is unable to attend his Parliamentary duties from sickness, wil return to office, taking in one or two new men from the ranks of the Liberal Conservative party." The Qutebec Mercury of the 24th states that it is generaUy believed that the Ministerial crisis will end in nothing more than a new distribution of official appointments among some men connected with the last Administration and alies from the reform party, the Lower Canada section resuming office without returning to their constituents for their re-election. The Governor-General Bad fixed the 4th of June to be held in Canada as a day of thanksgiving for peace. A despatch which had been received by Sir Edmund Head from the Home Government as to the return of troops to Canada had been laid before the House. It stated that five regiments were to be stationed in British North America, three of_wbich are allotted to Canada. In commercial affairs there was little change. Holders of timber were firm. Freights were dull at 35 to Liverpool and 36 to the Clyde.
THE MEDITBRRANEAN. SOUTHAMPTON, Juim 6. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's screw steamer Ava, Captain Field, with the India, China, aud Mediterranean mails, in charge of Lieutenant Morris, R.N., Admiralty agent, we have dates from Alexandria, May 23; Malta, 27; and Gibraltar, June 1. The Ava brings 132 passengers, among whom are the Lord Bishop of Victoria, General Ovans, Captain Corrie, Captain Vansittart, &c. The cargo comprises 21 cases of gai, 148 bales of wool, 22 cases of plants, 33 packages of elephants' teeth, and 245 packages of general merchandise. During the homeward voyage the Ava experienced strong head winds with fine weather. On the 28th ult. she spoke the steam-transports Candia and No. 73 off Lembia, also the Per-, with the outward India mails, in lat 37 20 N., long. 9 47 E.; and the steam-transport Severn, in lat. 3717 N., long. 5 26 E. On the Ist inst. she passed the brig Firth, of Wexford, and the Annabelle, off Cape Trafalgar; and the Arab, in lat. 36 25 N., long. 70 44 W.; and, on the 3d inst,, passed Her Majestys ship Seahorse, off Cape Finisterre. Oar intelligence from Gibraltar is to the Ist inst. The celebration of the restoration of peace was observed on the 29th ult. with great enthusiasm. A review of the troops took place, Royal salutes were fired, all the vessels in the harbour made a profuse display of bunting, and fireworks and iluminations took place in the evening. King Ferdinand, es-Regent of Portugal, visited Gibraltar on the 26th ult., and, after viewing the places worthy of notice, reembarked on board the Royal yacht Mindelho, and returned in the evening. The 17th Regiment had arrived at Gibraltar from Blaklava, and were shipped on board the Vulcan for convey. ance to Quebec. Orders had been received from the War Department by Colonel B. Maberly, in charge of the horse depot at Gibraltar, to proceed to the East forthe purpose of superintending the disposal of the large number of horses and mules now in the depOt at the Dardanelles and in the Crimaa. The Colonel consequently took his departure in the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Pera. The Swesda brigantine, the first Russian vessel which had made her appearance at Gibraltar since 1854, had arrived in the bay, but left shortly afterwards in tow, of the steamship Metropo]itan, which sailed for Liverpool on the 25th ult. The steam transport Excelsior sailed for Spithead from Gibraltar, en route from the East, on the 29th ult. The screw steamship Balbec, six days from liverpool, arrived out on the 28th. The steam transport Rajah, with powvder, shot, and shell from the Crimea, for Spithead, sailed from Gibraltar on the 28th ult. Her Majesty's steamsloop Ariel left the bay the same day for a cruise to the eastward. The French brio Naplouse was ashore on the 30th ult., but was shortly after got off. The steam-transports Black Prince and Earl of Durham, with Government stores for Spithead, put into Gibraltar on the 31st ult. The steam-transport Northumberland, with shot and shel, arrived the same morning from the Crimea, en r oute for Spithead. ExchangesatGibraltar forbills onLondon at 90 days' sight were quoted at 91; Paris, 5f£ 3Sc.; Spanish pillared dollars were S per cent premium, with none inthe market; Carolus were in demand at 20 per cant.
THE NATIONAL SUNDAY :EAGuF.-The National Sunday League have just started an organ of their own for tho express pupose of promoting the opening of the British Museum, the Crystal Palace, and other institutions on Sunday afternoon. The Leaguo is already a formidable body, and among its vice-pr 'dents are Sir J. V. SheUey, M.P., Mr. Scholefield, MP., Mr. Biggs, M.P.,Mr Fox, M.P., Mr. Wilkinson, M.P., Mr. G. Schlotel, Sirj W. Domville, Sir P. Crampton, Mr. G. Danson, M.A., Dr. Hassall (the detector of adulterations), Dr. Evans, &c. The committee state that " the National Sunday League, of which they are the originators or supporters, in seeling the opening of the national institutions on the Sunday, has no other object in view than the moral and intellectual elevation of the people. That they include the Crystal Palace among the national institutions, from the nature of its orgin, its purpose, and its execution. That they reverence the Sunday as one of the greatest blessings of the middle and* workin- classes- and, so far from advocating anything that0should iead to its desecration, are only anxious that it should be preserved to its original purpose of a day of davotion, of rest, and of innocent enjoyment. That tney themselves would ber the first to oppose the opening of any frivolous and vicious places of amusement; and that, as they claim for themselves full Itberty of conscience and action in their religious duties, so also do they respect and honour the devotional observances of others. That they are fully persuaded that the attainment of their object would not increase Sunday labour to any appreciable extent in the cases they urge; while, on the other hand, it would materialy decrease the voluntary occnpation of many artisans of special trades, who now rork on the Sunday, that they may make holyday on sorae other day in the week when the means of enjoyment are under no restraint. That the presentation of petitions to Parliament in their behalf can scarcely be a just and adequate expression of the opinion of the workingchssses,for these reasons:-that they themselves have neither time to snare nor money to spend in their preparation; and that it isphysically impracticable to collect their signatures to any considerable amount, or in any reasonable time, save by such a system of organization as should be dreaded by a rational Govermnment. They, however, declare their conviction, founded on personal observation, that, could the working men of the metroPolis be fairly polled upon this question, there would be found at least three-fourths of them in favour of the objects which they advocate. Finally, that having commenced this agitation in the deep conviction of its justice, its inherent propriety, and moral necessity, they are resolved to prosecute it by every honourable and legal means to a triumphant conclusion." ARms FOR CANADAA Nhm&.-Our Canadim neighbours are providing for the a-mament of their militia wit the very best weapons and the latest improved equip, ments. We notice the landing from an English ship of 129 cases of Mlai6 rifles, carbines. swords, and pistols, all ecpreesly for tho militia, of which a formidable force has recently been enrolledand offieoreL-AYCIQ Yo-r. Tournal, of qoinrncc.
BIMP MoAX. Dr. James Henry Monk, late Lord Bishop of Glocter and Bristol, whose death took place yesterday, was the orly son of Mr. Charles Monk, an officer of the 49th Regiment of Foot, who served in the American war, and nephew of the late Sir James Monk, formerly Chief Justice of Mon. troal. His mother was a daughter of the Rev. Joshua Wadaington, vicar of Harworth, Notts, and he was born at Bantingford, Herts, early in the year 1784, as appears from the register of old Carthusians, still kept at the Charter-house. His early education he received at Norwich, under the Rer. Dr. Foster, bl.l.P was emon-d thence to the Charter-house in 1793. Here he remained neariy three year, and, under the then heaa mmaster, Dr. Raine, laid the foundation of his accurate scholarship by a critical study of the L3tin and Greek languages. He was especially noted for the ease aud facility of his comuosition, both in prose and verse, and was regarded as one of the most hopeful pupils in the school, when he was transferred. to Trinity College, Cambridge, where he was entered as a pensioner, and went into residence in October. 1800, aunder the late Dr. Mansel, afterwards Bishop of Bristol, who at that time held the mastership. In the following year he was elected scholar, and had. gained several College prizes and other distinctions, before passing the ordeal of the mathematical tripos in January, 1804, in which he came out seventh Wrangler, the Senior Wrangler of the year being his own personal friend and long his colleague on the episcopal bench, the late Dr.Kaye, Bishop successively of Bristol andLincoln. At this time, and, indeed, for many years subsequently, the classical tripos had not been establishedI at Cambridge, andconsequentlythefinalexamination, inwhichclassical attainments were not included, scarcely gave him a fair opportunity of measuring his strength with his fellows. In the same year, however, he was Second Chancellor's medallist, his fcrtunate competitor here again being Dr. Kaye. It is remarlable, however, considering the fame that he afterwards attained, that his name does not occur among the Members' Prizemen of his year, or among Sir William Browne's Medallists,-the only other classical honours then in existence. On the 1st of October, 1805, Mr. Monk was elected to a fellowship at Trinity, and continued for some time in residence, taldng private pupils, and giving himself up to his favourite classical studies. In October, 1807, he became Assistant Tutor of the College, and commenced his clasical lectures, and he is represented. by his contemporaries as having contrived to infase into his lectmue-room a spirit which had up to that time been unknown even in the classic regions of Trinity. It is no slight testimony to Dr. Monl;s merits here to add that in the 15 years ofhistutorship the greatest part of the high classical honours at Cambridge were carried off by his pupils, and that at one time all the nine gentlemen who were engaged in the tuition of the college, had been either his private or his public pupils. In November, 1808, the eccentric Professor Porson died suddenly in London, and so high was the opinion entertained of Mr. Monk by his seniors that he was put forward as a candidate for the vacancy, almost against his -will, and in January, 1809, was elected by the unanimous voice of the University to the Professorship of Greek, at the age of 25. In the same year he was ordained. Deacon by the Head of his College, Bishop Mansel, and priest in 1810. In 1812 he was appointed to a Whitehall Preachership, and it was here that he first attracted the favourable notice of the late Lord Liverpool, at that time Premier, and laid the foundation of his subsequent advancement. In his new position as Regius Professor Dr. Monk was not idle. He published several academical tracts, in which he propounded the first outlnes of a scheme, which some years afterwards was carried into effect with some modifications, for establishing at Cambridge a classical tripos, with public examinations and honours, corresponding in a measure to the plan which had been introduced into Oxford with marked success by Dr. Coplestone and his friends, about the commencementof the present century. Dr. Monk was also instrumental in keeping alive a literary party in the University of Cambridge, by means of theMluscum Critivumn, or Carni-ide CGsssici R1scarcks, which he edited as a serial in conjunction with Dr. Kaye, Dr. Blomfield, now Bishop of London, Mr.E. V. Blomfield, of Emmanuel College, and the late Mr. Rennell, of King's. This periodical reached eight numbers, which were subsequently reprinted as a second edition. In 1815 he was promoted from assistant to the rank of full tutor, aud joined to his professional duties those of a public examiner; and for the use of his pupils and the University at large he published several useful series of classical examination papers. In 1818 we find Dr. Monrk; engaged as the champion of his University with the late Sir James Edward Smith, the President of the Linuean Society, and who sought the post of Botanical Professor in that University, though he could not reconcile it with his conscience to subscribe the Thirtynine Articles. In this cause Dr. Mfonk- published a pamphlet, entitled A Yin7dicetion of the Univrrity, which he subsequently followed up by an appendix in confutation of Sir James Smith's reply. These two pamphlets of Dr. M1onk were considered at the time to set the question at rest n very triumphant manner; they were in reality almost as much a defence of the Church of England as of the University of Cambridge in enforcing subscrip tion to religious tests; but the controversy which gave birth to them has died away, and the name of Sir James Smith has been long forgotten. In 1822 Dr. Monk published a letter to the Rev. Dr. Kaye, then Master of Christ's College, upon the establishment of a classical tripos-an object for which they had both laboured for many years. This letter effected a considerable change in the opinions of the senate, which, like all great bodies, was slow to admit of any change, and within a few months he had the satisfaction of seeing the measure, which had hitherto been received but coldly, carried by a large majority. We may add ouz belief that it was mainly at Dr. Monlks suggestion that the noble Pitt Press at Cambridge was erected by the University as a public memorial in honour of the Right Hon. William Pitt and of his connexion with Cambridge. It is also stated upon good authority that when, on the death of Dr. Milner, the Headship of Queen's College in the University was disputedamongthe Fellows, and was exected to lapse to the Crown, general report gave the appointment to Dr. Monk. It was probably as much by way of reward for his services to the Church in his controversy with Sir James Smith as iu recognition of his acknowledged merits as a most accomplished scholar that in 1822 Lord Liverpool, at that time Premier, bestowed on Dr. Monk the deanery Of Peterborough, vacated by the death of Dr. Kipling. In the same year he resigned his Professorship, and vacated his fellowship bymarrying Jane, only daughter of the Rev. H. Hughes, of Nuneaton, and rector of Hardwicke, Northamptonshire. In right of his deaneryhe nominated himself to the rectory of Fiskerton, Lincolnshire, valued in the Clergy List at 4471. a-year. Here he spent his leisure time in beautifying the Cathedral of Peterborough, which saffered more than its share of injury in the Civil Wars, when it was turned into a rope walk. For this purpose he contributed liberally himself, and collected the sum of 6,0001. In 1830 a canonry at Westminster was added to Dr. IMonk's other preferments, and in the same year the late Duke of Wellington recommended him for promotion to the see of Glocester, then vacant by the translation of Dr. Bethell to the see of Bangor; and accordingly he was consecrated at Lambeth on the 11th of July in that year. Intheyear 1830, the see of Ely falling vacant, the Government of Lord Melbourne translated Dr. Allen thither from Bristol, in order to carry into effect a double purpose-the amalgamation of the latter see with Glocester, in accordance with the recommendation of the Ecclesiastical Commission (of which we may here mention that Bishop Monk was an original member), and the creation of a new bishopric at Ripon. Dr. Monles name is best lnown to the literary world in general by his Life of Bentley, which he published in 1830 in two goodly volumes quarto, and which were favourably noticed in the Quarterly ereicz for November, 1831. He was also the author of several tracts, sermons, and charges on ecclesiastical subjects, and of a concio ad cl7ruma preached before Convocation in St. Paul's Cathedral some 30 years ago. The political part which Dr. 3Monk took in the Upper House as a member of the episcopal bench has teen upon the whole by no means a prominent one; he usually contented himself wVith giving a silent vote in favour of the Tory interest. In the last debate on the Reform Bill he replied awith considerable energy axd vigour to the Earl of Shrewsbury; but,vith this exception,he scarcely ever made a set speech. In fact, though a clear thinker and fluent writer, he was but 3 second-rate orator at the best. It should be mentioned, however, that he was always a supporter of the proposition for disfranchising boroughs when provedto be corrupt in the exercise of their electoral rights. In religious matters, though a sound and attached churchman, be observed a safe and cautions line, as his easy and open nature probably inclined him; his favour, however, was generally shown to the High Church rather than to the Evangelical party, whose influence at Blistol, Clifton, Cheltenham, and other places in his diocess occasionaUly proved to him a source of discomfort. He could be firm, however, when he thought that the occasion required, as he showed when in 1S41 he severely censured Mir. William's Tract for tliC Tines on "Reserve in Comnmunicating Relgious Knowledge." We also find his name added to those of several of his right rev. brethren when in 1848 they presented a respectful protest to Her lajesty against the proposed appointment of Dr. Eampden to the sce of HerefordL He subsequently gave a guarded aud qualified approval to the formation of the Bris. tol Church rnion, though it is 'well known that he deeply regretted the ferce polemical line which it mItrmately adopted. 13e steadily however, suppore their demand for the revival of Convocation. To al works of chaity he .contributed largely, and for many years regularly devoted a tithe of his income to the aug. menttion of small livings in his diocess. He contributed, also, consilerable sums towards the restoration of churcheq the building of parsonages, and of parochial and diocesan F'chools. For many years before his death he wx , sufferer from partial blindness, which of late years he felt to be a sad impediment to him in the discharpe of his epis. copal duties, and for the hst six months he had suferefd Xndet aIluo5t hi pre3ust.1°n vf he. ]nsn5ca energies. By his wife, who survives unA, bis5 ordsMp has left three daughters and an only son, Who graduated some yew7 since at Trinity College, Cambridge, and hts published a volume of travels in Tnrkey and the East, under the title of 1Ve Goadn Horn. He is a barrister-at-law, and succeeded the late Dr. Phllimore as Chancellor of Bristol in 1855.
GRAND PFANCY DRESS BALL AT THE HANO VER. SQUARE-BOOMS. This brilliant affair came off last night with signal succeoe. There cannot have been mnany less than l,OQO present, and we understand that the Royal Academy of lusic-for the benefit of the funds of which institution the baU was pro jected-will receive nearly 2,0001. from the proceeds.] About half-past 9 o'cloclk the rooms began to fill, and long before the hour at which Her -Majesty the Queen was expected to arrive the spectacle became as animated as it was splendid. As none were admiitted except in uniform, court, or fancy dresses, the variety of costumes vas remarkable. The rooms vere rendered more lustrous by additio5nal cmdelabra, suspended from the roof on each side of the great chandelier, and by the aid of lesser devices. At half-past 10 the cheers of the crowd outside and the distant strains of the National Anthem from the band of the Scotch Fuoileers announced that the eventful moment wasat hand, and a few minutes later, at a sign from ML Laurent (whose excellentbandwasengagedlfortheoccasion),tbeorrhetra echoed the well known melody from within, and the Queen, accom panied by Prince Albert, the Princess Royal, the Prince of Prussia, and a numerous suite, entered the Hanover-square. rooms by the gallery, where Her Majesty took. her plaee and remained for nearly an hour. The dancing then began The ceremony opened with two sets of quadrilles-"illus trative quadrilles," as they are termed-executed simul. taneously by distinguished parties. The first, organized by the Countess of Westmorland, was supposed to represent the elements, four groups of dancers being emblematically costumed so as to figure respectively as Fire, Air, Earth, and Water. The most picturesque and expressive of'these costumes were those of Air and Water-which roles were discreetly cast to the ladies, who looked as aerial and impid as could be desired. The other set of quadrilles, got up under the superintendence of Lady Jersey, was in. tended as a symbol of " Night and its surrounding Stars.' This, if not so light and etherial as the former, was equally pretty and suggestive. Two other "illustrative" dances followed-one, under the direction of the Countess of Harewood, entitled the Sie.de de Lotis XIV., the other, under that of Mrs. Charles Mills, representing the Alliance. The costumes of the first will suggest themselves at once to our readers. Those of the last are scarcely more in need of description; and when we say that Zouaves and Turks wera conspicuous among the characters we have onlystated what would have been guessed in advance. Suffice it, the two last sets of "illustrative quadrilles" were quite as appropriate and beautiful as the two first. The music performed to the "Elements" and ":Night with its surrounding Stars" was from Adolph Adam's new balltd of the Corsair e; that to Louis X EV. and the Alliance was a quadrille by Bousquet, called Une ace d Versailics. After the "illustrative quadrilles" Her Majesty descended into the room, where places were set apart for herself and suite underneath the gallery. Here she remained conversing affably, not only with those immediately about her person, but with mnany others whom she recognized, with unusual condescension. Near the Queen -were the Duchess of Manchester and Lady Constantia Grosvenorwho, the former as Cybele, the latter as Blanche of Castille, looked positively " divine," and were the constant objects of comment and admiration. Her Majesty sat till nearly 1 o'clock-during which perioI the followiug attractive pieces were played, vith immense spirit, and in rapid succession, by the band under M. Laurent's direction-much to the apparent satisfaction of the dancers-viz. :-Les Rues de Londres (waltz-H. Laurent); St. Patrick (quadrille-ditto), Sloncankm KWnge (valse, on Russian airs-Gungl); Bonnie Dundec quadrille, on Scotch airs-D'Albert); Les Vepres Sicitiennts valse-on Verdi's opera-H. Laurent); andLesFillaes WVEt tquadrille-Bosquet). When the Queen rose she took the arm of the Earl of Westmorland, and promenaded onc, round the room in the midst of the visitors, graciously saluting the various groups that stood apart to allow her freer circulation. The band continued playing the National Anthem until Her Majesty had retired; and then the dancing was resumed with freshl energy-to be kept up till who knows how late an hour.
CRYSTAL PALACE CONCEBTS. The fourth concert, yesterday, -was much more fully attended than any of the others. The idea of admitting the public generally, to single performances, at a fixed prices has proved a happy one; and the CUstal Palace Concert are likely to benefit by it materially. The programme was highly effective-as well varied, in short, as it was rich in popular morccaux and acknowledgel masterpieces. Mr. Costa, who was absent on the last occasion, again took his place at the head of the orchestra, and, the proceedings commencedwithamagrnifcentperfor=nce of the overture to Leonora, the grandest of the four which the not easily satisfied Beethoven composed for his Fideio. An air from Donizetti's Don Pasqualc, and Rossini's Chamberduet, "I Marinari" (with full accompaniments), followed. Both were well sung-the first by Signor Graziani, the last by Signors Gardoni and Ronconi. Mademoiselle Nantier Iidice was encored in Mozart's lovely " Voi che sapete," and weUl deserved thle compliment. This was another proof -the music being as tranquil and unpretending asit is beau. tiful, that it does not require noisypicces to produce effect in the Crystal Palace, under the present arrangements. Mr. Miacfarren's fresh and genial madrial, "M aidens never go a-wooing" (from C0arles II.), whic' was admirably given. by the choras, was similarly complimented; and a third encore (three encores in immediate succession are of very rare occarrence) was obtained by Grisi and Mademoiselle iarai for their perfect execution of the duet from Figaro, " Sull'aria," another of Mozart's most exquisite gems. The first part concluded with " Robert, toi quo j'aimne," sung (in German) by Mademoiselle Ney, and the jlnata to the third act of E~rnani. in which MIadame Bosio and other* principal singers tok part, with the chorus and orchestra. The second part began weith fl1rold's overture to Zamptr, which was "asz1er'-to use a French expression-by the band. Madame Bosio then sang Venzano's favourite vam, with wonderful animation and brilliancy, and was encored with acclamations. Au air from La Cencrentola, by Ronconi, the lovely trio of Mozart, '- Soave sia iL vento" (Cosi fan T'uli), by Mademoiselle Ney, MAdame Didiee, and Herr Formes; the sleep son" from Xasanidlo, by Signor Gardoni- "Oh, ruddier tian the cherry," by Herr Formes; and Rossini's " La CaritV"-th, solos by Grisi, Bosio, and mos' of the chief singers-completed this admirable concert, and sent away the audience enchanted with the treat they had enjoyed. It was a genuine gratifcation to hear so much of Mozart's vocal music, from such performers, andin such a concert-oom.
C(R}TAL. PkLACE.-CO.;CERT-DAY.-Friday, June 6.-Admission on payments, 1,994; ditto by season tickets; 4,063; total visitors, 6,057. PuBLIc Accomus.-It appears from a return justprintea that there are now 366 accounts less to be audited at the Audit-office than at the date of the last retum, in January, 1849, the numbers respectively amounting to 878 and 512. The number of accounts in the office not yet audited amounted last month to 441, the number for audit annuaUy being G33. The reasons for delay are stated to be the want of returns from the several revenue departments, which are now, however, being furnished. Other accounts have not been received, or have been sent back. "1 Want of assistance and want of exaaminers" are also assigned as a ground of delay. The return is signed by Mr. Charles Macaulay, the Secretary to the Audit-office. ScoTrCI TE:rE.RAxNCE.-The keepers of all our principal " temperance hotels," says the AberdecnH craftf, have lately been convicted, on excise prosecutions, of seling'P spirits, beer, or other Exciseable articles without a license, and the lowest statutory fines-12f. 10s. in each case-were imposed. SImGAE AZ;D OTHER CoLoAnR PRRODUCE.-RetUrna moved for by hIr. Moffatt, LP.-, show that the total quantity of unrefined sugar retained for actual consumption.in the United Kingdom in 1855 amounted to 7,2589148cwt., yielding a net revenue of 5,058,5001. The average price per cwt. of muscovado sugar, exclusive of duty, was 25s. Id. for British Wcst Indian, 24s. 3d. for MWatritian, and 2Bs. for British East Indian sugar, while the average price of Havannah (ordinary yellow) sugar was 2Gs. 7d. per cwb, The imports of unrefined sugar the produce of British pos. sessions in 1855 amounted to 5,010,555cwt:, of which 2,915,368 came from the West Indies, 1,36B,132 from the Mauritins, and the rest from East India. The aggregate import of refined sugar and candy from British possesions last year amounted to 11,377cwt. BesideS the sugar there were imported from the colonies 235,322cwt. of molasses, 7,843,829 gallons of rum, 46,880,831b. of coffee, 4,794,5711b. of cocoa, and 145,730,1001b. of cotton wooL DUBLTH xinavms=y.- bill brought in bY Mr. Napier and W. G. A. Hamilton repeals the acts requhring the residence in London of law students in Dablin TTniversity, and redauces the stamp duty on articles of aPprentice. ship in the case of graduates in arts or laws who may here. after wish to qualify for attorneys to 721. The University professorships of anatomy, chymistry, and botany are opened to Jiomanists and to candidates not graduates in medicine, persons of all nations "professing their fith in Christi" being equally eligible. Univrsity professors are not required to deliver clical Iectures, aand foreignersa taking degrees need not taklie the oaths of aU&ito or abjuR. rtihon.
FOREIGN INTBLLrGENCB. CA podton of the following appeard Ia our second edition of yesterday :_I RUTSSIA. (Sr SUBLiRlUs AND BRMSH TMEGRAP.-) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Berlin correspondent:- " BERLIN, FmD%.mY, Ju.mz 6. "Advices from St. Petersburg state that the Emperor of Russia has empowered the Minister of Finance to grant passports, without previously sub mitting the applications for tho same to a Cotuncil of Mlinisters, to merchants desirous of forming bianch establishments abroad.'"
FRANCE. (mMZ OU0 OWN CORF.SPOEN-DKT.) PARIS, T7UIrSDAY, JUNE 5, 6 P.M. The Emperor aiTived this morning at St. Cloud from his visit of beneficence to the scenes of the terrible disasters with which so many parts of France have been visited. A Council of MIinisters immediately met, and the Emperor demanded a sum of 10,00,OOOf. for the unfortunate victims, in addition to the 2,000,000f. already granted, and the sums distributed for the more pressing necessities from the privy purse. The demand will be referred to the Legislative Chamber, where it will, of coiurse, be voted unanimously. M. Rouher, Minister of Public Works, who accompanied the Emperor to Lyons and Avignon, setout this evening for Orleans, and it is thought that the Emperor himself will visit the spots which have suffered fromthe inundations of the Loire and itstributaries. There is no exaggeration in the accounts already given of the ravages caused by the inundations. They are truly afflicting. It is stated by respectable eye-vitnesses that the Emperor, "albeit not used to the melting mood," wept like a child when he vitnessed the scene of devastation before him. This sign of a kindly healt wvas not lost upon the population he came to succour, and the outpourings of gratitude and the enthusiasm his presence awoke among the population have been faithfully recorded. Villages have disappeared before the waters sweeping along in resistless fury ; the houses can hardly be said to have fallen down, they rather melted away. Along the low delta formed by the Rhone the houses are built of earth raised on about two feet of stone, and they actually dissolved amid the waters. The first care is for the victims of this terrible visitation, whiclh surpasses that of 1840; the next must be to provide against its recurrence hereafter, for, whatever be the real cause of the overflowing of those great rivers, it is hardly to be supposed that science is powerless to check, if not entirely to prevent, their consequences. The Emperor is not the man to leave untried the resources of human ingenuity, which has done greater wonders than that of putting a limit to such evils. It has been remarked that such casualties as the present are not always unaccompanied by advantage. On former occasions the rivers generally left on their subsiding a rich deposit like the alluvium of the iNile; and the abundant harvests that followed the inmndations of 1840 are traceable to that cause. T'his will be weeU for next year, but in the meantime people must live. Ihave just heard that Toius and %,ierzon are in great part submerged. To complete the dismal picture, the rain has again commenced, at least in Paris. It fell nearly all night, and it has hardly ceased for a moment the whole of this day. The amount subscribed for thle cictins of the inundations by the Empress in her own name is 20,COOf., and in that of the Prince Imperial, 10,000f. In the subscription opened by the Legislative Body, Count de Mormy, the President, has given 5,000f. The MIinisters of State, of Justice, Foreign Affairs, the Interior, Finance, War, M1farine and Colonies, Public Instruction and W.Vorship, -Atriculthure, Commerce, and Public Works, and the President of the Council of State, have severally sub-cribed 1,500f. Subscriptions have been opened by thehCivil Tribunal and the Tribunal of Conimerce, and all the judges and officials have contributed. The Council of the Order of Advocates of the Court of Cassation has given 1,50Of.; the Cour des Comptes, 3,000f.; the Chamber of Notaries of Paris, 4,000f.; and all the notaries of the department of the Seine have consented to receive subscriptions. At Lyons the sum subscribed, including 100,000f.given by theEmperor, amounts to somewhat over 182,000f. General the Mfarouis de Lceovestine has authorized the opening of a subscription among the N1ational Guards or the Seine. An order of the day will be published, pointing out the manner in which this intention is to be carried inito effect. The Palais Royal and the Ambigu Coniique have announced an cxtraordinary representation for this evening, for the philanthropic I urpose of affording relief to the inundated. Thie accounts from the departmuents state that the waters continue to subside, although slowly. The weather is stated to be favourable, but not altogether settled, and some of the local journals seem to be apprehensive of further rain. At Lyons numerous workmen are employed in clearing out the streets vhich had been under water. Notwiithstanding the numerous trenches which have been cast im every direction to accelerate the running off of the water, the streets on the left bank of th Rlhone are becoming clear very slowly. Person.s may. however, now find a passage throughout the greater part of this vast desolation, and the scenes which meet the eye at every step are ot the most distressing description; rulins of houses which have partly fallen, heaps of broken furniture and buildings of which one wall has fallen, and the looms, curtains, and bedding on the different floors thus laid open,are everywhere to be seen. The nnforttunate sufferers cannot be prevailed on to desert the spot, but bivouac at the nearest point, and as the waters retire seek amongl the ruins some remnant of their property. Numbers of poor weavers maybe seen watching with eager eyes for the retirement of the water, in hopes that they may again get posse,ssion of the looms bywvhich theyearned breadfor themselves and their families. All these searches for property are not howeever macle without danger, for scarcely a moment passes without hearing the eraihof falLin-roofsand walls. All the streets, as they become clearof the water, are transformed into regular entrepbts, where piles of furniture are coRlected. On every side may be seen fires, at which some poor drenched and half-naked persons endeavouir to cook some lttle provisions. At the Mairie of the Guillotiere, and at a number of other places in the city, a distribution of food and money is regularly made. The calm resignation -which appears imprinted on every countenance is most extraordinary. Women are seen huddled together with their children, but not a sob or cry escapes them, and among those who are engaged in seeking for their property everything goes on wvithout dispute or quarrelling. General Sir WVilliam Williams, of Kars, ;with his aides-de-camp, Captain C. C. Teesdale and Captain HRenr A. Churchill, arrived this morning at the Hotel Deurice. The Meur the says "Great activity is displayed at Plombicres in preparing apartmonts for the Emperor and suite. The cost of the house to be occupied by the Emperor will be 10,OOOf. for the seaeson. Several superior officers have arrived in town to superintend the preparations. A warehouse, which is to be converted into a barracL, has been let for 1,ooof., and will contain a portion of the troops that are to accompany the Emperor. The electric telegraph works are being pushed with great rapidity." Prince Oscar appears to have been placed in some danger at Cherbourg by an accident to his carriage. He had visited, in the Biche, the breakwater, when, having landed, he got into an open carriage with his aide-de-camp to proceed to the hotel of the Maritime Prefect. The coachman, being dazzled by the sun, which was shining full on his face, did not perceive the kerbstone, and the wheel of the carriage came against it with violence. The toachmlani as throwvn from the box and mruchbruised, ndc Xhae horses, left thus without control, dashed off .taiThfaifl, pace. The Prince and his companion ge alarmed jumped out of the vehicle. Both fell, ut' the Prince received only a few bruises, lvhile the aide-de-camp had his shoulder dislocated. As to the carriage, it wvas whirled along by he horses at full speed, and was at last dashed to pieces againsit some stonework. A Ministerial journal wi contain to-morrow a long communication, purporting to emanate from Rtome, with the object of showing that the internal organization of the Pontifical States has been unjustlycensured, and that those who have judged it so severely have done so in ignorance of the real state of the case. The communication in question enters into statistical details, intending to show the correct- ness of this view of the case. The following are the concltuding passages "We eannot cloe6 this rapid sk etch of the improvenientj introduced in the Administration without noticing the spirin of clemency which has, not ceased to direct the acts of the Pontifical Government, in spite of the feelings by which Restorations are in generalactuated. No vengeance hasbeen exercised against those who had constrained the Pope'to quit Rome; no measure of rigour has been applied to them; the Holy Father contented himself with putting it out bf their power to be mischievous by expelling them froma his territory,-noimprisonment-no judicial proceedings, Aexcept in cases where some individuals insisted on being brought to trial, and who, after their condemnation, were punished only by having their passports handed to them. With respect to the flagrant conspiracies which followed hard on the return of the Pope, it was his dutn td punish them, as also the acts of assassination which were the result. Those prosecutions were conducted in the most! regular manner. The Holy Father never failed to mitigate the severity of the sentence. Among those who were the most deeply imnplicated a considerable number were aftef'a; certain lapse of time liborated, on condition of expatriatind themselves. At this moment it is not easy to ascertain the' exact number of the persons to whom areturn to the Roman States is prohibited for political reasons, but we are assured that it does not exceed 50. Those who attack the Pontifical administration vith the pre-determination to find it bad wil not benefit by the above. It is intended merely for. those who love trath and desire to find it." It is not unreasonable to suppose that in the com-' munication alluded to is contained most of what' the Pontitical Government has to say in its defence; if indeed it be not the analvsis of the note of which Cardinal Patrizi is said to be the bearer to the French Government. The conclusioni seems to be that the French Government thinks there is little or nothing to be done in the Roman States just now. WlThat the population of these States think of the matter it is hard to say; they may be happy, without being awvare of it. The Carcdinal who represents His Holiness at the baptism of the Imperial infant will be here in a day or two, and his arrival is very properly preceded by the above certificate in favour of his Government. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 73f. 20G. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 75c. ; and the New Loan at 73f. 30c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,340f.; Great Northern, 1,100f.; Strasburg, 940f.; New Shares, 860f.; Paris and Lyon3, 1,45af.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,650f.; Western of France, 917f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 750f.: Great Central of France, 6G5f.; Lyons and Geneva, 780f.; Bank of Cr6dit hMobilier, 1,7¢0f.; Austrian Railways, 870f. Cours Autheatirie.-PARis, June 5.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 89f.; ditto not reimbursable for 10 years, 92f. 92f. 50c. ; ditto first Loan of 1855 (85 per cent. paid), 92f.; 'Three per Cents., 72f. 75c. 73f.; ditto second Loan of 1S55 (55 per cent. paid), 73f. ; ditto Certificates (55 per cent. paid), 73f.; Bank of France, 4,100f. ; CrEdit Foncier, (9Of. 680f. ex div. ; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 435f.; ditto Tenths, Three per Cents., 80F. Slf. 25c.; Credit *_obilier, 1,750f. 1,770f. 1,755f. 1,770f. 1,760f. ; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 92f. 50c.; Austrian Five per Cents., 92 91A; LIente de N;aples (Rothschild's), 113,; Xomans, 87. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 25f. 35c. ; three months, paper, 25f. 5c.; money, 25f. AU1STRIA AND ITALY. The following is the text of the despatch addressed by the Cabinet of Vienna to the representatives of Austria at Florence, Rome, Naples, and Modena, under date of Vienna, 18th of May:- " The questions addressed to the President of the Council of Ministers of His Majesty the King of Sardinia on the Treaty of Peace concluded at Paris on the 30th oi March have given rise in the Piedn_ontwe chaiambers to debates which have excited the serious attention of the Government of -, as was the case with ourselves. Inthe course of these debates Count de Cavour declared that the Plenipotentiaries of Austria and Sardinia at the Congress of Paris had separated with the intimate conviction that the two countries are more distant than ever from an understanding (n their policy, and that the principles represented by the two Governments are irreconcilable. After havmig taken note of the declarations made by Count de Cavour to the Piedmontese Parliament, we cannot do otherwise, I admit, than subscribe to the opinion which he ox. pressed respecting the insurmountable distance which separates us on the field of political principles. Among the documents submitted to the exaniination of the Chambers, the note dated 16th of April ap- ears to us to merit particular attention; it is the note irransmitted by the Piedmontese Plenipotentiaries to the heads of the Cabinets of Paris and London. This document, reduced to its simple meaning, is only a passionate appeal against Austria. The system of compression and of violent reaction which was established in the years 1848 and 1849 cannot fail, according to Count de Cavour, to keep the populations in a state of continual excitement and revolutionary ferment, and the measures employed by Austria to suppress this ferment destroy, says the President of the Council, the equilibrium re-established by the Treaty of Vieina, and continually menace Piedmont. The dangers wh ich accrue to Sardinia are so intense (brulants), in the eyes of Count de Cavour, that they may from one moment to another force Piedmont to resort to extreme measures, the consequence of which would be incalculable. It is thus that the fears inspired in the head of the Sardinian Cabinet by the attitude of Austria in Italy serve as a pretext to hurl against us a menace which is scarcely veiled, and has not been provoked by anything. Austria, on her side, can in no wise concede the mission of speaking in the name of Italy claimed by Count de Cavour for the Court of Sardinia. There are in that peninsula differentGovernments,completely independent of each other, and recognized as such by the public law of Elurope. But this law contains absolutely nothing of that kind of protectorate which the Cabinet of Turin claims over them. As far as we are concerned, we know how to respect the independence of the different Governments which exist in the Peninsula, and we think we give them a fresh proof of that respect by making an appeal to their impartial judgment. We are convinced that we shall not be accused of saying anything contrary to the truth when we state that Count de Cavour would be much less distant from the truth if he had made use of a completely opposite reasoning. According to his account, the prolonged presence of our aiuiliary troops in some of the Italian States keeps up discontent and ferment in the public mind, Would it not be infinitely more just to say that the continuance of the occupation is only necessary on account of the intrigues of the revolutionary party, and that nothing is better calculated to encourage their criminal hopes and excite their angry passions than the incendiary speeches which have been lately delivered in the Piedmontese Parliament ? Count de Cavour has stated that Sardinia, jealous of the independence of other nations, wil not admit of any nation whatever having a right to interfere in another State, even if that State should formally demand it. To push respect for the independence of Governments to the extent of disputing their right of asking for assistance for their own preservation is a theory to which Austria has always refused her assent. The principles which Austria admits in such matters are too weU known for it to be necessary for us again to explain them. The Emperor and his august predecessors have on more than one occasion, in the exercise of an undoubted right of sovereignty, given armed assistance to neighbouring States who have demanded it against either foreign or domestic enemies. Austria maintains this right, and reserves to herself the power of using it when necessary. Can it, moreover, be permitted for any one to raise doubts as to the intentions which have influenced the interventions to which Austria has on several occasions consented, when history shows that we have never been actuated by any interested motives, and that our troops have been vithdrawn as soon as the legitimate authority declared that it was in a condition to maintain public order withouit any further foreign assistance? Such will alwavs be the case. In the same way that our troops left Tuscany as soon as legal order was secured, they will be ready to evacuate the Pontifical States as soon as the Government of that country shall require no further assistance against the attack- of the revolutionary party. We are far fromn wishing to e.xcludo from the measures proper for securing that result the wise internal reforms which we have recommended to the Governments of the Peninsula within the linits of sound policy, and with all the considerations due to the dignity and to the independence of States, and with regard to which counsels we do not admit the right of the Cabinet of Turin to set itself up as the censor. But, on the other hand, we are convinced that the revolutionists will not cease to point their artillery against the existence of the legitimate Governments of Italy so long as there are countries to support and protect them,and statesmen who do not fear to appeal to passions and efforts which have a revolution for object. Ina few words, far from allowing ourselves to be turned aside from our conduct by an unjustifiable attack, which, we willingly admit,was brought about by the necossityof aparliamcntaryvictory,we shall awaitwith firmness theprogressof events, and areconvincedthattheattitude of theltalian Governmentswhich, like ourselves, have boen the object of CountCavour's attacks, will notdifferfromourown. Ready to give our approbation to any prudent reform, and to encourage any useful improvement emanating from the free and enlightened wlfl of the Italian Governments, and to offer our moral and zealous co-operation for the deTelor! ment of their resources aud their proeperity, Austria is also firmly decided to employ all her power to repel any unjust attack, from any quarter that it may ceme, and to co-'operate, whorever itg circle of action e5tends, in causing to fail the efforts of tho concoctors of disturbances, and of those who promote anarchy; I charge you, Sir. to communicat; this despatch to-, and to make known to, e the declaritions you may receive in reply. Accept, &c., "BUOLi." THE EIPEROR OF RUSSIA. (FBOM OUR Bl9BLuf CosmysPONDEnT.) BERLIN Ju~x 4., The only important events that history will care to record of the Emperor of Russia's recent visit to Moscow, Warsaw, and Berlin are those connected with his stay in Warsaw. In Moscow he reviewed the troops which had returned from the Crimean expedition, decided upon certain improvements to be made in the town, and, it is said, devoted some attention to the conflicting claims of two lines of railway. In Berlin he strengthened the ties of kindred that exist between his own and the ruling family in Prussia by inspiring those who came within his orbit with warm esteem and admiration for the excellent qualities of his heart and understanding; he revived in some rmeasure the military associations and "brother-officer" feelings that existed between his father and the superior officers of the' Prussian army; for it must not be forgotten, when judging of the Russianly sympathies of the' latter, that the Emperor Nicholas, when Grand Duke and the husband elect of the Princess Charlotte of Prussia, learnt Prussiai service and did actual duty, though as a voltnteer, in the Prussian Guards. But, with the exception of the demonstration against Austria which this visit to Berlin and its unusual extent of civilities and amenities imply by inference, the visit seems to have passed off without any strictly speaking political results. The one great vital question which concerns Prussia the most -viz., the facility of frontier intercourse between the two countries-lias not been in any sensible degree furthered; it has, however, been decided that Russia abides for the present by the various slight reductions of her import tariff at the land frontier which she made during the war for the purpose of facilitating the introduction of colonial goods more especialy; and in the course of July of this year a commission is to sit in Wl'arsaw, under the presidency of the Finance Administration of Poland, for the purpose of revising the entire Russian tarifft *The visit to Warsaw, on the other hand, has been marked by an act which is usually termed a general amnesty, an expression which, nevertheless, contributes extremely to the act being overrated. It is not an unconditional' amnesty granted to certain specific classes of offenders, but an exhortation to all classes of Poles absent from their birthplaces, no matter from what cause, to apply, through the Russian missions in other countries, for permission to return to Poland; there is nothing new or extraordinary in this taken by itself, but the clhief value of the so-called amnesty is the assurance it contains that the Emperor is disposed to treat all such applications with the greatest possible leniency and indulgence that the respective cases will adnmit of. No great practical result, however, can be expected from this measure; it -will be trtumpeted forth in the periodical press; and handed down to history as an act of extraordinary clemency, w hile, in fact, it is but a simple renewval of an attempt frequently made before, and always unsuccessfully, to attract back to Poland men, industry, and talents wllich the impoverished countr stands sadly in need of. Those who vere poor before they left Poland have found ot tt th they have a better chance of existence elsewhere; those who lost riches and station when they left their country will hardly return to it when the restoration of neither the one nor the other awaits them; those who left it from hatred to the Russian rule have every possible reason now more than ever for keeping aloof. The last hope that Poland may have entertained of a change in the course of policy to be adopted towards that country is now at an end. -The fiscal and administrative distinctions betveen Poland and Russia have gradually been obliterated, and the only remains now left of a difference between the kingdom of Poland and the empire of Russia is the palpable evidence that the natives of the former will not be treated with the same measure of indulgence as those of the latter. Thus, while the limitations as to the numnber and rank of Russian youth desirous of frequenting Russian universities have been abolished, the old reservations remain in full force in Poland. Even whenthe Poles desire to study at a Russian university, where the subjects taught are carefully selected by the Government and the tendency of the instruction as vigilantly watched over, they must first obtain the special permission of the Government. The Jews, who form so large andimportant aportion of thePolish population,have had none of their hopes of toleration for their peculiar habits realized during the Emperor's late visit ; previously to it, the local authorities had enforced the ukase of the late Emperor requiring them to wear coats of no longer skirts than the other subjects of the Russian Crown, forbidding the rabbis to wear their long curls, and the Jewish women to wear false hair in their topkiots-all regulations urgently required by the dictates of cleanliness, and the necessity of preventing the spread of the 7lica Polonica. However -wise and prudenit these measures, they touched the Jewish nationality to the quick, and the Hebrews inWarsaw availed themselves of the Minister Turkull's recent presence with the Emperor in that city to supplicate for a remission of these, to them, grievous regulations. From the Minister they got no encouragement for their hopes ; but, on the contrary, lie reproached them that "their obstinate adherence to their separate and distinctive position in the popu'lation made it impossible for the Government to convince itself of the purity of their patriotism." To the Emperor they were admitted by deputation, but only in a formal, ceremonious interview, which admitted of no expression of sentiments on either side. The deviations that are to be made from the principles and policy which the Emperor Nicholas had adopted are to be exhibited in Russia; in Poland the old system is to be carried out indeviatingly-viz., that of forcibly compressing and fusing Poland into one solid body withI Russia. This was very distinctly and unmistakeably communicated to the nobility of Warsaw by the Emperor in the words -" I desire the welfare of Poland, but Poland can only prosper in conjunction and united with Russia. Tell this to your countrymen, gentlemen, I beg of you; and tell thelmi, too, they may as well give up thd!r day-dreams----as plus de 'r4eries." This expression, of course, had reference to the hopes still cherished of a restoration of Poland to the Poles. The news of the so-called amnesty having been proclaimed in Poland -has produced the very reverse of a feeling of satisfaction among the numerous Polish fug,itives in the contermninous Russi.an provinces. It was conveyed to them by Prussian landowners and gentry who wrere present in WNtarsaw at the time of the Emperor's visit. The exhortations of the different Prussian of3icials and others to take advantage of the offer are looked upon by them as the forerunner of a formal expulsion from their present asvlum, winch, however, is no paradise. The different landrdithe, therefore, in formally and officially appealing to the Poles living in Posen to avail themselves of the amnesty, have distinctly excluded from that appeal all who have married, and all who have settled there and conducted themselves well; and in all cases have disclaimed any intention of using forcible expulsion. This was found necessary for the purpose of allaying the excessive agitation that prevailed there; even when the nature of the invitation is nmade clear to them they prefer not to return to Russian-Poland. They say, " :Here we must work, it is true, but we get something to eat; there we must starve.." The state of prostration that exists just now in Poland, in consequence of bad harvests, prohibition of export, and war contributions, may be seen in the fact of the inhabitants whose dwellings have, in the last vear or two, been burnt down in the numerous fires that have consumed so many 'towns, more or less, neglecting to rebuilc them, whether from lassitude, or the want of materials, or of skilled workmen, or of pecuniary means. The central Government in Warsaw has, therefore,f. issued orders that an investigation shall be made as to what proprietors are in a position to rebuild theirhouses now lying in ashes and ruins, and in case of. their further failing *to do so execution is-to be issued against them.' Where want of- means i B' shown to be really the cause, the Government wil make advances for the purpose, secured by mortgageon the house, which loans will be gauted for' the first three or five years without interest.L Another yery weighty ground with the Russiait Government preventing its dealing with Poland according to the same measure it treats Russia to is the circumstance of the majority of its inhabitants adhering to the Roman Catholic church, which is the great ecclesiastical antagonist of the wh;ie Russian polity. We have to record instances from time to time of the Emperor permitting exemptions from the law which requires that the offspring of any mixed marriage in Russia, in which one of the persons belongs to the Russo-Greek church, shall bebrought up inthat faith, as also that the descendants of any proprietor of entailed property must also profess that creed before he can enter upon his inheritance; but this only occurs when the persons to be thus favoured are Protestants, with whose creed and clurch the Russo-Greek faith has more affinity than it has with the Roman Catholic. :N;ot only does this latter propagandist church seek to extend its influence at the expense of the Russo-Greek church in the ordinary direct method of conversion as it does towards other churches, but it avails itself of an insidious artifice which the Russian authorities finid it more than they carn manage to counteract-viz., the procuring of the' adhesion of the Russo-Greeks to the Romish church' under the denomination of United Greeks. In this' way the spiritual allegiance is transferred from the Czar to the Pope, and the influence thus gained is diverted from the State that represents the Greek church to any other that may assumue the protectorship of the Romish church. This is the original germ-and to Russia welcome opportunity-of! the late Eastern conflict; it has been and is stilL equally active in Greece, and forms at this' time a theme of great interest to numerous influential persons now in Rome and Paris. M. de Kisseleff has just returned to Warsaw from Rome, and it is understood that he has anything but succeeded in his mission. This was not, as the Ultramontanejournals proclaimed it to be, the conclusion of a concordat between Russia and Rome, but simply the obtaining of the confirmation by the Pope of several Catholic priests whomtheEmperoris desirous of inducting into the vacant bishoprics in Poland. This confirmation and approval were withheld last September, and appear not to have been accorded on the presenitoccasion. The Greek church, more particularly the Greek Bishop of Warsawt, takes especial care that the parties nominated .to these Catholic sees shall not be dangerous to their own church, and this suffices to make them unwelcome nominees at the Vatican; and this is the cauise why the Catholic archiepiscopal throne in Warsaw and the'two bishoprics of Augustowo and Lublin have remained so long vacant. The increasing influence of the Romish chiurch in Constantinople, in Greece-more particularly inthe Greek Islands-andin Poland, makes the Russo-Greek church anxious, not only for its inSuence abroad, but for its own standing at home. ITALY. (FROM O-U Owx coN CRoPNDENTrs.) ThlRIN, Jul L lVhile all the journals of Aulstria have been at pains to convince the world that the greatest cordiality exists between their own Cabinet and that of the Tuileries on the affairs of Italy-which cordiality, they say, is seciured by the sameness of interests, and proved by the cordial reception of the Archduke Maximilian at the French Courtour news from Rome would lead one to conclude that the brother Emperors are striving, through their agents there, for the blessing of the Holy Father with anything but unanimity, and the eldest son of the Church has no inclination to sell his inheritance for such pottage as his brother can offer him. One fact will serve to alhow how clearly understood it is at Paris that though French and Austrian hireoAs in Italy may be similar they are far from being identical. WVhen it became evident that the Grand Duke of Tuscany was determined to make a concordat with Rome a 1'Aintrichieame, in spite of the counsels of his best Ministers, the French representative at Florence, the Prince de la Tour du Pin, was charged to assure the Tuscan Government that it mig,ht confidently reckon on the support of France, if necessary, in resisting the demands of Rome on that subject. It also appears that these livala for the Chiurch's affections are abready collecting their forces for a struegle in the Sacred College whenever a new election for the Papacy may occur. Cardinal Viale PrelI is known to be favoured by Austria, and as the religious or non-political party in the College has selected Cardinal Riarlio, Archbishop of Naples, as its candidate, it is not unlikely that he may also receive all French patronage, which would probably insure his election, and (what would be held as of greater importance) insure the defeat of the Austrian protege. I am assured, moreover, that the Austrian Government has thought it necessary to address itself through its newvly-made Ambassador to the Cabinet of the Tuilexies on the subject of the late debates in the Sardinian Chamber, and to complain in an injured tone of the injustice done to it by Sardinian statesmen. The effect which such lamentations produced uipon the French Government may be gathered from the fact that it communicated the intelligence of their having been made through its iepresentative here, the Duke de Granmont, accompanied by expressions of sympathy and friendship for the Sardinian Government, stronger if possible than before. General della Marmora arrived here last night, and was received at the railway station by the Ministers, the municipality, and a large crowvd of private friends. He was loudly cheered as he got into his carriage, and all along the streets as he drove home. To-day he is gone to Pollenza, to pay his respects to the King. It is said that the 15th has been fixed on for the distribution of the Crimean decorations. W0te have lately had some severe stormns of rain, which have done considerable mischief to crops of all kinds, particularly wheat and hay, and we are suffering the effects of still heavier storms in Savoy, for the mail from France which arrived last night was 28 hours behind its tiue, and there are now two French mails overdue. The stoppage is occasioned, it appears, by floods near St. Jean de Mlaurienne, which have also upset some of the telegraph posts, so that messages from Paris have been necessarily sent round by Bellinzona the last two or tlhree days. The Chamber of Deputies virtually closed its session yesterday, though it .cannot be prorogued until the Senate has completed its labours on the estimates. The interpellations on the amnesty ended by Count de Cavour assuring M. Valerio that the Government had long had the subject under deliberation, but, doubts having arisen as to whether the Crown or its advisers could legally. exercise such an act of grace Without the special permission of Parliament, he had submitted it to the Council of State and the legal authorities for decision, and if it should be found that the Executive had that power the amnesty (there are ouly about 10 persons now in political exile) would be proclaimed at once, but if it were necessary to apply to Parliament for authority he would introduce a bill to that effect at the earliest opportunity. -NAPLES, 2LuY 29. To-morrow is the King's fite, and people are looking with curiosity rather than with hope to what it maybring forth. His Mlajesty is still at Gaeta, and no one has been able to form any conjecture as to vhat are the Royal counsels. The winisters wvent over last Wednesday, and will remain until after the flte. In fact, so long as the King flies fromi his capital, offlicials and diplomatists are compelled to travel their 40 miles to have an audience. I must again caU your attention to the condition of the prisoners in Mfonte Sarchio. Of Baron Poerio I have. spoken fully, but not of others, who are labourirg under different forms of disease, as Schiavone, who has lost the use of one eye and nearly that of the other ;- Dono, who has been in the place set aside as the hospital for five months; Pironti, labouring under paralysis, unable to -move and in chains.; and, not to mention more, a young maof 34 years; -called Alfonso Zeuli, Who is dning of consumption Irom' the dampness of his priso-,n rjeduced' to a - skeleton,, searcely able to breatLe or to speak; - he has -had the last sacramentadministered to him,'and yet he isin-chains ! Closer. than a brother hisfetters cling to his witheredliinbs, and no civilized age or comutry -will ever perhaps have witnessed such aproof of the tenacityof cruelty and vindictiveness. I teU you a fact that cannot be disputed, and, though ' a thousand other facts eqlly'deplorable are coitinually occurring to the uitn of this cuntry, statesmen wil wonder at and regret the " extreme opinions" of the Italians, talk grandilbquenffy ab'ot' the "sacred principle of non- iiterventi6n,'! and advocate the right of a Sovereign' t:o baI ii'.assistance to goad and pen up his cattle. '.:-rd. 1 t how- long ". well-may every Italien explaim. "An amnesty would be a boon to these' persons, doubtless; but, unless the s1sq z be changed, there is no guarantee that the same deeds will not be perpetrated again and again. The "wide-awake"farce whichinaentionedin a few letters since has jwt been brought to a conclusion. M1r. Pierce.was referred by the British Legation, with a strong letter of recommendation, to the Mrini4ter of Police, Signor Bianchini; by him he was referred to the Minister of Finance ; and lastly to the Director of Customs. Mr. Pierce was informed that " wide-asvakes" were not permitted, and that thB authorities would buy them. In conclusion, the price was asked and paid of 10 piastres, or 21. 6s. for each hat, amounting, for 16 hats, to 361. 16s. The speculation was not a bad one, and may be recommuended for repetition. Among other decrees which came out yesterday was one announcing the daninution of the export duty upon oil. The Royal order caame out five days ago, and it was much remarked on as insulting to the Ministers. It is possible that, in answer to some remonstrance, or top some injured feeling, the order has been commuted into a decree, and published thus late. 500 despatches were sent by telegraph announcing the order. The price of oil fell yesterday about 2 per cent., but up to the present time not a salma has been sold. The boon comes too late. The trade in corn is very feverish, and a great rush is made to Barletta, though it will not answer to export to England. 'Within the last three months the Government will not have made less perhaps than 500,000 ducats by duty. It is probable therefore that the duty will still be kept on, as this Government never looks beyond to-day. SPAW. Our accounts from Madrid are of the Ist inst. The bidding for the 200,000,000 reals of the floating debt took place on that day. The minimum fixed by the Minister of Finance was 40, not including the coupon dne on the 30th inst. No less than 44 tenders were presented, the amount of which far exceeded the sumI required. The propositions of the Spanish Credit Mobilier and of the Prost Companiy nearly covered the amount.
TBADE BEPORT. Ftidlay Evening. Sua,it.-The public auctions since Tuesday have been extensive, anl to-day, especially so, they were not only numerous but large, being in all 25,000 bags, four-fifths of which were Mauritius. The competition was very great, and the biddings more than usually spirited. The trade supp lied themselves freely, and exporters took a portion also ; but the saleswere much enlivened by a speculative demand. The advance to-day is Gd., and in many instances ls. per cwt. For the week it is generally ls., and rather more for the better descriptions of sugar. The following are the particulars:-21,224 bags Mdauritius, lowto middlingbrown, 36s. to 40s. ; good and fine brown, 41s. to 42s. 6d. ; low to middling soft gray, 42s. to 43s. 6d. ; good strong refining gray, 45s. to 45s, 6d.; low to good bright yellow, 44s. to 45s. 6d.; crystallized low middling yellow small grain, 44s. 6d.; good and fine bright, 46s. 6d. to 48s. 6d. ; 1,653 bags Cossipore-good yellow, 46s. 6d. to 47s. Gd. good white, 54s - 800 bags Benares-middling to good white, 46s. 6d. to 48s.; 490 bags date, low to soft yellow 42s. 6d. to 43s.; 902 bags native Madras, 37s. to 38s. 6d ; 1,047 hhd. West India have been sold to-day, making 5,711 hhd. for the week. Privately, 2,500 bags Mauritins, 700 boxes brown Eavannah, and 350 baskets Java have been disposed of. CoFF1E.-160 casks and 120 bags plantation Ceylon were disposed of at 5Ss. 6d. to o4s.. for fine fine ordinary grayish mixed to middling coloury. RiCE.-No public sales, but privately the demand is good, although not on quite so extensive a scale, and the transactions amount to 5,000 bags. The Ioulmein cargo reported yesterday was not sold. SALTPETRE.-There is more inquiry, and privately sales are making at 29s. for S and 9 per cent. refraction, although at these rates the disposition to sell is not general. COCOMN-UT OL.-G5 ceskswere offered in sale to-day, consisting of 275 casks of Cochin, 164 of Ceylon, 225 of Sydney, and 31 of brown; but as there was scarcely any demand they were mostly all withdrawn, at 39s. 3d. for Cochin, and 36s. for second quality Ceylon and SYdney. P,UX OIL.-The demand is stilllanguid, nearlythe whole of 732 casks in pubEc sale were bought in, the small portion sold being at about previous rates. 17 casks of palmnut oil sold at 31s. 6d. to 32s. CocdnN-AL.-45 bags in sale to daywere chiefly bought in as follows:-26 bags of Honduras black, small to bold, 4s. 3d. to 5s. 9d. per lb.; and 19 bags of Teneriffe silver, Bs. 9d. to 3s. 10d. per lb. TALLOw.-The mal-ket is steady, at 45s. 9d. to 46s. on the spot, and 45s. 9d. for delivery in the last three months, with a fair business doing.
HEBBEW SCHOLARSHIPS AT OXFORD A.D MERCHANT TAYLORS' SCHOOL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Will you allow me to state that the Pusey and ElUerton Hebrew scholarship has been obtained by pupils of .lerchant Taylors' School not merely for three (as stated in your Oxford intelligence of to-day), but for eight successive years; and also that of the four Kennicott Hebrew scholarships awarded during the same period Iderchant Taylors' men have carried off three ? Mr. Nutt, of Corpus, who has just obtained the Kennicott, but whose name is onitted by your Oxford correspondent, is a "2derchant Taylor." I am sure vour sense of justice to the school will induce you to correct the error and oinission alluded to. Yours very faithfully, .D1. 'U. S. I dune ).
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As adty to the public, I would draw your atten. tion to the fact, that a second officer has been stabbed in the neck, on the 4th inst., by a prisoner on board the Stirling Castle convict ship at Gosport. The first case-that of lHr. Hope, assistant-surgeon, in Febrnary last-terminated fatally in a few minutes; the present-a warder, naamed Howarth, late a sergeant in the Royal Marines-still is between life and5deatb, it not being known for certain what important vessels are wounded. Sir, your all influential notice is called for to demand that tlih state of things shall continue no longer. Hulks for any sort of prisoners are bad; but for invalid prisoners, who have no labour to fatigue them and make them sleep when they are returned on board at night, but are kept always on board in a state of inactivity to brood over imagined evils and concoct plots and assassination, they are hotbeds of corruption and crime. By such a system the public must be injured, the convicts thenmselves cannot be reformed, and the officers who are doomed to serve in such a place are treated with downright injustice. -John Howard was no mere mountebank when be plunged into the iniquities of the old type of prisons, and by his representations and exertions got them abolished. On other Government prisons than this no money is spared to make them what they ought to be-fit receptacles for dialing hopefully wvith prisoners. Here a festering mass of criminals are heaped together, and, being invalid convicts, every feature of the establishment is done at the lowest figure. Parsimony is stamped on everything, but the public are not aware of this. Take one particular-the warders are too few in number, are consequently overworked, and have the agreeable prospect of being disabled, drowned, or stabbed in the service of a gratefulcountry. They are afraid to complain of their hard lot; therefore the pblic, who never wiallow oppression, know nothing of their suffcrings. At the time of the Assistant-Surgeon's murder, a commission was sent by the Home Secretary and made numerous and searching inquiries, and ameliorations were talked ofin one shape, giving more officers-but nothing has been done, and, lo ! the result. Hlore murders are threatened; and it will be seen whether any steps will or can be taken to event such tragedies. Ships abound in obscure passages Favourableto the assassin's blow. As long as things continue as they are it will be impossible to prevent evil machinations.: These h'ulks ought to be broken up immediately, and a receptacle formed on land for the convicts. When the cholerabrokeouttwiceat3H1lbankPrisonthe convictsl by hundreds were instantaneously transferred -once to Shornecliffej secondly to Dorchester. But to the Imoral cholera here no remedies, it seems, are to be applied'; it may ran its destructive career. Sir, what means the boast in the convict estimates for the I year, of 1I,0001. saved 7 How can it be saved when such a plague-spot is left as the invalid hulks at GosporL? Gosport, j'ortsmouth, and Portsea are horror-stricken with these proi ceedings; and the officers connected with the invalid hulks jare ashamed to own that they belong to them. Vhatever Ienthusiasm a man may feel for his duty on coming, he Ifairly quails before the demon that be encouniters on reachling this place. Contrast the Government prisons of Portsmouth; Portland, &-c.-where every prisoner has his separate cell: for aleping, eating, &c.-with these hulks, where ,somehundreds of muorose and miserable men are heaped 'tbgether, alm.ost like negroes in the " middle passage," and say, Sir, whether this state ofthings ought to continue, ,novwthat it lhas begon to show such deadly fruits. Things~ are ev idently going -on daily from bad to worse; and no religious, moral, or school instruction which is; provided for the convicts can avail to stop the torrent of evil which has now set in. One of your leading articles holds forth the only hope of obtaining the urgently needed remedy. - I am, Sir, yours, -&c.. .iONWARD, J U2S. EMIGRATION- ixour LIvF,RFooL.-16,361 emigTauin quitted Liverpol, during the last month, 1,337 proceeding to Au3tralix; 13.252 to the United-States, 1,674 to Canada, and9St'e* BrdnsFick. Of these emigrants 148 were caCbin, annd-16,213 steerage passengers. 5,319 of themwere Englis, 717 .Sc6bch, -9,453 Irish, anld 724-natives of various foreig countries.- Tl3ese emigrants went out in veesels under Government inspection. Of the emigrants bythe "8hor^ Ships," 683 went to tbe llnited-Statee, 183 to Canada, 36 to Pot Philip, 6 to Tasmania, 30 to Sgdneey 7 to S4uUA^sue~iica 5 to the West Indies.
AfONAT-MABkETa,ndOITY12VTELL.TGP,Ydk. -40? Friday}Evetdi,g. Although the statement of Lord Palmerston list evening, that he had received information indirectly of the fact of Mr. Crampton having been requira to leave Washington, disappointed the expectationz excited by the private commereial letters received yesterday fron New York, the English funds hate been very steady to-day, and have closed at a giglt advance. Consols for money, which left off yester. day at 94 to i, were first quoted 94a to -, and remained without any material change until near t4e termination of business, when they improved to494 to T. For the 10th of July the last quotation was 95j (or 93j en. dividend), and after regular hours thera were buyers at that price. The transfer books of Consols closed to-day, and the stock will henceforth be marked ex. dividend. Consol Scrip left off at J to j premium. Bank Stock, 217 to 218; Reduced, 931 to j; New Three per Cents., 94. to i; Indiabonds,2s.to 6s. premium;Exchequer-bonds,99 ; and Exchequer-bills (larch), 4s. to 8s. premium, (June) is. discount to 2s. premium. In the Stock-Exchange there is still a good demand for money. In the discount-market there is a fair supply, at, in some instances, a quarter or- . half per cent. below the Bank terms. A payment of 20 per cent. on the new loan falls due on Thursday, and, as this will absorb 1,000,0001., the applications at the Baink are likely to increase during the next few days. Foreign securities continue to exhibit heaviness, and prices in some cases were rather lower at the close of the day. Turlish Six per Cents. were negotiated at 99 for money, and 99k, i, and " for the acco-unt. In the Four per Cent. Ouaranteed Stock transctions took place at 103i and 103 for money and 103 for the account. 'Memican presented weakness, the bargains for money havin-g been at 22k, and for the account at 22;, i, and* The other operations comprised-Bralian, lNew, 97 ; Buenos Ayres, 78; Danish Tbree per -Cents., 83i and 84%; the Five per Cents., 103; Peruvian Four and-a-IHalf per Cents., for account, 784; Russian Five per Cents., 107X; the Four-and-iHalf per Cents., 97i; Spanish Three per Cents-, 47 and47,; the New Deferred, for money, 25a; and for account, 251 and i; Spanish Certificates of Coupon not funded, 6r to i per cent.; and Duitch Four per Cent. Certificates, 96, 95M, and : In the foreign exchanges bills upon 'aris -were rather more offered, and the rate -was a shade higher. Hamburg and Amsterdam -were the same as last post. j The final quotations of the French Three pei Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening -were 73f. for money and 73f. 25c. for the end of the month; showing in the former case no recovery from the fail of yesterday, and in the latter an imnprovement of less than an eighth. The corn-market was fir3m this morning, at an advance of Is. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for thie week shows a limited business and dulness in quotations. The gold brought by :Eer Mlajesty's ship Fantome amounting to 84,0007., was delivered at the Bani to-day. A new line of steamers is about to be established between Li-verpool and America, a company having been formed under the law of Limited Liability in Canada and this country, with a capital of 250,000l.; to run to Portland, in MIaine, calling at Newfoundland and Halifax, United States, to land freight and passenger. The inhabitants of Nemfoundland have memoralized Government to grant sLfficient aid to enable the establishment of direct communication with England both -ways. and the present undertaking is calculated opportunely to supply the requirement. It is intended to commence -with two powerful-vessels of about 2,000 tons measurement, possessing besides large cargo space accommodation for three classes of passengers. The first is intended to leave Liverpool about the Ist of August. The prospectus has been issued of an undertaking to be called the Caisse des Hi1es, with a capital of SO0,0001., in 41. shares, one-half to be subscribed ini France, and the remainder in England and Belgium. It purports to be on the same principle as the other credit establishments recently formed in Paris, the temporary profits of which are now commonly cited as if they -would be permanently realizable. The objects in the present instance are to stimulate thle working of mines int Engl1and, France, Belgium; and elsewhere, to assist existing companies -with loans, to negotiate the purchase, sale, or lease of. nines and collieries, and to make advaces on mining properties, or on consignments of their produce. It is stated that the Bank of Egypt being now in a position to commence business, half of its capital having been pa-id utp, Mr. John Cater, one of the directors, has left London for Alexandria to arrang6 for its immediate commencement. In the colonial produce-markets during the week some articles have been extensively purchased, and have realized high rates. Although the quantitie~s of sugar brought forward were so great as occasionally to create umeasiness as to the result, the -%holq went off With much animation. The trade andspeculators operated largely, while the refiners and shippers also purchased to a fair extent. In the West India market the business transacted has been more considerable than for a long time past, and an advance of about Is. was obtained. In the Mauritius kinds the improvement is equal to Is. Gd. per cwt. MIolasses have also been in fair request at arise of Gd. to is. In the tea-market there has been less business, and in some instances prices have been barely supported. For rice the demand has been very active, and considerable sales both afloat and on the spot ha-ve been concluded at an advance of about Is. per cwt. from the, lowest point. Cofiee has been extremely dull, and previous rates are scarcely to be obtained, except for the good and fine descriptions. Cocoa has been readily purchasedi and is 2s. to Ss. per cwt. higlher. Nothing of importance has been reported in saltpetre, wvhich remains dull, with a downward tendency. At the Court of Bankruptcy to-day Mr. C. J. Mare passed his last exaninaltion. The return from the Bank of England for the week ending the 31st of MIay gives the following results, when compared with the previous weekPublic deposits . ..£3 ,6S6,524 ... Incresse '151,321 Other deposits ... ... 10,745,271 ... Decrease 727,210 Rest . .. ... 3,20l,190... Dec6rease 53,373 On the other side of the account:- Government securities ... £12.G12.119. Increase 132.703 Other securities.. 14,042,418...Decrease 1,331,62& Notes unemployed ... 5,6SG,Gg0 ... Increase 604,7-20 The amount of notes in circulation is 19,554,3607., being an increase of 222,4451.; and the stock of bullion in both departments is 11,384,6567., showing an increase of 825,8521., when compared with tha previous return.
- -BXrL-WA Y -AND -3f=NG-SHABES. Friday Evening. Th6 railway-market opened with firmness, but prieds subsequently were not fully supported. FriicTh and Belgiani descriptions exhibited weakness, owig to a preponderance of sales. The shares of the- Indian companies wrere stay, although the trp.inactions continue limited. ~Mihing and land securit7es presented scarcely any variation. Ottoman Rank left off to 1 pm.; BankofEgypt,parto p33i;; Riga RaIilWay, 1@ to - pm. (and not discount, ascquoted yesterd.ay); Pernambuco- Railwvay, .s toI 12 pm.; L~ombardo-Venetian, 5} to X pm.; R3ank of Switzerland,;~ to @ pm.; National Discount Company, { to 1 iJiscount; Londoi and Paris Bank, 4 to 3 discount; Western of London, 4i to 3i discount; and Alliance, 2 to 1 discount. OnDnARY SHARES A5D STOCKS.
THE CORN TRADE. CORN-EXC H-AGE, FrRDAY, JU3 6. Owving to the genera1Iy moderate nature of the suppEles, and the accounts of the inundations in Erance, there is frmness in the grain trade, with a slight tendency to improvement. Wheat, in some cases, brought an advance of Is. Other descriptions are also in better requeet at full quotations. LIVERPOOL, Jun 6. The arrivals from Ireland and coastwise during the past tbree days have beei light. From foreign portse however, we have received 9,256 quarters wheat. 400 quarters peas. 15,868 quarters Indian corn, 9,822 sacks, and 12,563 barrels flour. The exports in the same time comprise i,890qlarters wheat, 1,494 quarters oats, 9.588 quarters Indian corn, 1,289 sacks an(I 925 barrels flour. There has been a fair business doing in wheat and flour since Tuesday, and at rather higher prices. Indian conihas been more freely offered, and 28&. per quarter taken for prime yellow, ex ship. The weather continues fne, but rather cold at night. At this day's market there was a fair attendance of the town and country trade, and a good consumptive demand was again experienced for wheat and flour, at a further advance of Id. to 2d. per 701b., and 6d per sack andbarrel. Ortsand oatmeal were in far requestsatfl ices. Barley and peas remained without alteration in value; but sgyptean beans advanced folly Is. per quarter. Indian larn was at first neglected, although offered at tbe quotations of Tuesdayd however, before the close of the market a good inquiry sprang up, and all theparcels of yellow andmixed offeringat28 to28. d per quarter and of uhitest 28, 6d. to 29s. perquarter, were disposed of. Red I72D6 J- 6. There is a rather shor supplysof grain to this day'smarket. We must note an improved tone in the wheat trade, and a fair busi-ess has been done at fully Is. per quarter above the rates of last week. Barley and beans each rather dearer. Oats per atone and shelling 6d. per load higher. Wheat per quarter of 8bushels, 601b. Old. S. U. Resex. Suol, and Eeut, wvhite ..73 eo 77 72 to 76 Re(i .. .. snbidg*, ...it 68 -72 66-n 70 - 74 68-73 Red . . .. .. .. .. 67 -7n 62-68 Ilneainshiro and Yorkshire, wvhite 70 - 74 68 -73 Dantsiceand*onigsberg4 70 = 76 ° 6 Baltic and Hlamburg, red . . ............. .64 - 68 - - Bcrley, per quarter of 8 bushels.- Norfolk and Sufifolk Imperial. ... 14 Yorkshire and Lincoinhire, 561b. per--- - Iaus s1.''rbushel ) .. ..- 36 349 Grinding 5ISSlI. perl bushel) ............... - - - 33 - 34 Beans, per quarter of 8 bushels, 631b.- Inz,lish,old .... .. . ... 48- 47to 49 .ew.. .. .. .. .. ..42 - 45 F'orcign, new ....... . . ..41- i2 to 43 Egyptian ... .. .. .. ..34- 35 Oats. per stone-.3 Euglish ............ .. .. .. .. 11d. 14 Shellig, perlead of2611db .. .. 33 -3 Malt, per load of six imperiali bushels ..4 - 56 AVThAOE PRICES FOR THE WEEK -XnDnG JaUN 2. 1M0.
LIVERPOOL COTTON-MARKET. T.lD-noar s__ ^ eale.-4TOha wecl;, 50,IO0; total tbis year, 1,349,700: same Derio1 in Im1nporlteldl-3This week, 33,493; tot31 this year, 1,303,5S3; same p)eriod sported.-T}ns year. 94,907; same period mn I855 78,09a5 Computed Stocts.-This day. 685,SE0; same perisA in 18, 533,510 Taken for Consumption.-Thia year, 56,5,00O; eame period in8 IS5, Taken on speculation thisyear 286,470 Same in I5.286,4704 Stock in B oo, Dcc aber 3, 3855 5.. ,70O lncrease of import this year, compared with the same datelastyear .. :: :: :: .. . .. 162,209 Inereaze of export. .. .. .. 16,S09 Increase of stock 152,370 Decrease of quantity taken for consumption .. .. 90 The stock of cotton has been freely offered to buyers this week, and they conducting their operations very cautiously, the effets ofreduction in theB-ank rate of discount and of our complicated Hewition with the United States have been neutralized, and the ma,rct h3l presented a dull appearance, with an occasional concession in price, but neither general enough nor large enough to necessitate any ut a very partial change in our Inst week's quotations for' American. In Sea Islands the demand is moderate. and without change in price. For Egyptians the inquiry bas been fair, and they are without real change in their value. Brazils have been in moderate request, and plncee nominally are the same as last week. Tho tranwactions in iSurati have been of a fair amount, but upon prices of Lat week buyers haveaslightadvantage. 6,7:0 Amercan and 60 Ea.tian axre reported on speculation ; and 540 American; 30 Egyptian, Wfrer. nun, and 880 Surat for export. To-day the demand is only moderate, and the market very freely pupplied; the sales probably 7,000 kole, cbielly to the trade.
RAILWAY INTELLIGENCE. TRAECRBETURS. The foIowlng am the receipts of railw&ys for the past week:- Thetraffic returns of railways in the united kingdom pubilshed for the week ending May 30 amounted to 444,3021,, and forthe corresponding week of 1855 to 422,8351., showing an increase of 21,4671. The gross receipts of the eight railways having their termini in the metropolis amounted for the week ending as above to 200,9751., and for the corresponding week of last year to 182,8271, showing an increase of 18,1481. The increase on the Eastern Counties Railway amounted to 1,6081.; on the Great NTorthern to 5241.; on the Great Western to 5,3581.; on the London and Blackwall to 1161.; on the london, Brighton, and South Coasb to 9,1161.; on the London and Soutb. Western to 2,1191.; and on the South-Eastern to 491.; total, 18,8901. ; but from this must be deducted 7421., the decrease on the London and North-Western, leaving the total increase as above, 18,1481. The receipts on the ether lines in the united kingdom amounted to 243,3271., and for the corresponding period of 1855 to 240,0081., showing an increase of 3,31J1. in the receipts of those lines, which, added to the increase on the metropolitan lines, makes the total increase 21,4671., as compared with the corresponding week of 1855. ROYAL ASSE1NT TO RAILWAY BILLS. 'The following railway bills received the Royal assent onl Thursday:-The East of Tife, East Somerset, MEiford Junction, London, Tilbury, and Southend (increase of capital), Llanidloes and Newtown, and Ulster. SO UTHE-EASTERN. The shareholders of this company have been caUed upon by the directors to attend a special meeting on Tuesday next to consider and approve a biUl now before Parliament for incorporating a company to make a railway from Beckenham to St. Mary Cray, by which bill it is proposed among other things, to sanction an agreement entered into between the company proposed to be incorporated by the bill and the South-Eastern Railway Company, for the working by the latter company of the railWay to be authorized by the biLi A blank form of proxy and instructions for its use are given in the circular, but no information whatever as to the ten-s of the agreement entered into by the director, and which the shareholders will be expected to sanction at the meeting. This proceeding on the part of the " reconstituted" 'board is not considered satisfactory, as it was understood at the time the change took place that full and timely information would in future be afforded to the shareholders with regard to any newr measures intended to be submnitted for their approval. The proprietors will also ho required to authorize the raising of 263,0001. by the issue of new shares, but the terms are not mentioned.
METBOPOLITAN CATTLE-MARKET, JTlzc j. There was a great alteration to-day in the state of trade as compared with last Monday's marker. The demand was slack, and the sales, therefore, roceeded slowly, while the risce of last Monday could not be maintained. The prices were reduced 4d. to 6d. per stone from the quotations of that day.
[Advertisement.]-"Half-hours with thebestAuthors," by Charles l{night, 2 vols., price 12s with illustrations, is now readY This book is a complete treasury Ot knowledge and amusement, Rt forms the best and most popular intsoduction to Euglishlitestsure ever published, a branch of khowledge shown by the report of the Civil Service Commission to hve been completely neglected. It contains biog phical notices of and extraets from 300 of our most celebrated autnors, whether histerians, essayists Pole, dramatists. or divine, a is ljust the book that everyone should possess who wishes to make himself acquainted wiith our great authors and their famous works. London, George Routledge and Co.. Farringdon.street. [Advertisement.1-" Lake Ngaini; or, Explorations and Discoveries in South-WVestern Africa." By Charles JohnAndersson. With map and numerous illustrations. Just putblished. " Mr. Andersson," says the "Athen.eum." "has made no hackneyed excursion up the Nile and back again, but a painful jounmey, something between a pilgrimage and a wild beast hunt, which might have tried the Patienice of a falir and the pluck of a gladiator. Such narratives are agreeable changes in our day, and take hold of attention like the old travels. 3Mr. Anderason "agood-natured and cheerful writer: and his book may be read with as much pleasure as profit. For the details of a romantic and laborious iouruey,-for particulars ahout the ostrich, the hippopotamus, the hon. and the hysena-for curious illustrations of savage ae-for that kind of interest which is awaened by dangers bravely, andl by fatigues stoutly, borne- readers would do wellto consulttet bebookitsef. The printers and engraversbave done Mr. Andersson justice, and we think the reading publi wiU go and do likewise." Burst and B8lackett, publishers. [Advertisement.]-" The Sorrows of Gentility." B3-Miss Jewasbury, in 2 vols., is now ready at aU the libraries. " This is one of the best written and most useful novels ;we have seen for a long time. The story, though highly interesting, is one of every-day life, andoneof tsgretes carm istht all tsscenes and incidents ara notonly probable, bat Eeem invtihtaXble Everyircumstance relatr e fallsout as anatural result. TheIndividualityof the variovs charmlerIs hadmirably sastained, and the events through which they are arried are so mf.drly and truthfully depicted, tbat the reader fascues .imself the actual witness of thezn."-~' Sundny Iimes', iurst and Dlaeh'ett, publishers.
APPFA. HOUSE OF LO1tDqh. JTh-T R, MA.CENzIm v. wnTlnPn w"TT-w As' f The hearing of the wargumenti in-this case was resumea this morning, and at their conclusion, The LoBD CiLj yU6os.ad the issae in this, case was vhether by certain documents the resD6ndents undertook and. agreed to deliver to the -appellants 900 tons of iron, known asg.m.b., or good-merchantable brands, and whether they wrongfillly failed in makin such delivery. The questionarose in anaction instituted before the Court of Session in Scotland by the present appellant, in which he sought to compel the respondents to deliver free on board at Glasgow, 90 tons of g.m.b. iron. lis title arose under a contract of sale which he entered into with Messrs. Thorburn and Trueman; middlemen, at Glasgow, on the 9th of October, 1850, by which they sold to him on the part of the respondents 900 tons of g.m.b. iron. In pursuance of that contract Thorburn and Trueman deivered to the appellant nine scrip notes, signed by Dunlop- Wilson and Conpany, the respondents, for 100 tons of ITo. 1 pigiron each. The question arose in this way:-The respondents upon these scrip notes being Presented to them contended that they were only bound to deliver 100 tons of No.-1 Pig-irMon of any sort they chose, and were ntci bound to eliver g. i. b. iron. In order to show that that was not so, evidence was tendered at the trial on the part of the appellant that they would not discharge their obligation uness they delivered No. 1 pig-iron, of Clyde and undyvan manufacture, which was g. m. b. The species of evidence tendered in order to show that was, that while Thorburn and Trueman held the scrip notes, they were en. titled to insist upon Clyde and Dundyvan iron being deliTered4to them, because they had so stipulated in their contract with Dunlop, Wilson, and Co. Having, in pursuance of that contract, received the scrip notes, it was contended that those notes indicated Clyde and Dnndyvan iron, and no other. That evidence was rejected,. and most properly; for, although Thorburn and. Trmeman night have Deen entitled by the peculiar nature oftheircontract with the respondents under those scrip notes to have Clyde and Dundyvan iron delivered to them, vet when those notes passed into the hands of the appellant he could not demana anything more than appeared upon the face of them. But it was perfectly competent for the appellant to adduce evidence to show that by the custom, of the trade at Glasgow No. 1 pig-iron indicated Clyde and Dand3van iron only, although no such words appearel upon the face of the docusments. There were several cases in suport of this, suchl as a contract to provide 1,000 rabbits was always understood to mean 1,200 and a baker's dozen was understood to be 13, and thus by cusom documents might mean more than appeared upon the face of them. Two witnesses were called to that efhct on the part of the appellant, who stated that the respondents had never tendered Lugar iron to them on their sending them the scrip notes. The learned Judge; in summing up the case to the jury, said the point for them to decide was whether a person receiving the scrip notes signed by therespondents was by the practice and usage of the respondents entitled to receive Clyde iron. The jury found for the appellant on this point, provided the Court should consider that the learned Judge was right in receiving the evidence. That was an extremely erroneous way of iealing with a question of this sort, but stil the House must consider that thhad been done with the consent of the Judge and the parties at the trial. He (the Lord ChanceUor) was of epinion that that evidence ought to have been laid before the jury. As to the second point, he thonght the learned Judge was quite right in saying that if the House was of opinion that these scrip notes did not bind the respondents at all they should enter thej verdict at once for the latter. In considering the question as to whether the scrip notes did bind the respndents or not, he (the Lord Chancellor) should wish for a little further time. Further consideration postponed accordingly.
LAW REPOBT. ROLIS' coURT. CIA-Tfl.RV.TAsn . .TTMP & VOUILLON V. STATES. (Before the 3srTa=of te Ro,Ls.) The object of this suit was to obtain specific performance of an agreement, entered into under the following circuimstances:-The plaintiff, in the year. 1853, carried on the business of silk-nercer and milliner, in Princes-street, Hanover-square, and at the time when the alleged agreement was entered into held the appointment of milliner to Her Majesty. In the month of September, in the year named, the defendant entered into negotiations to purchase the plaintiff's business, and on the 24th of that month wrote a letter, under the advice of his solicitor, stating the terms upon which he would become the purchaser of it. These terms were accepted, and were to the effect that the defendant should pay to the plaintiff 1,5LWI. down in cash and hills and an annuity of 2001. for eight years. Defendant paid the 1,5001., but had refused to pay the annuity, on the ground that there was- a verbal agreement between the plaintiff and himself that such annuity should be conditional on the plaintiff obtaining for him the appointment of milliner to Her Majesty, which he had omitted to do. The plaintiff, on the contrary, contended that the annuity was not sabject to any such stipulation, and that the only condition agreed upon, and not expressed in the contract, was that the plaintiff should act a certain time as the defendant's " agent, buyer, and artiste." After hearing the argument and evidence on both sides, His Ho-oUR held that there was nothing. either upon the face of the agreement or adduced in the evidence, to show that the payment of the annuity was to be considered subject to the condition of plantiff procuring the appointment of Court milliner for the defendant, and made an order decreeing speci'dc performance as prayed. Mr. Selwyn and Mfr. Maciceson appeared for the plaintiff; MEr. Pc.. Palmer and Mr. Goldamid for the defendant.
VICECaAsNCErLORS' COURTS. JlimE 6- ATTORNEY-GEPEU V. T=E CORPORATION OV TTMT.O.V (JieJore vice-ChancedCor Sir RT. T. KI-nDERS=. This suit was instituted for the purpose of identifying certain lands at Ludlow belonging to a charity calld "Palmer's Guild Charity," which had become mixed up with the property of the corporation, and an act of Parliament was passed, and a rent-charge of 1,5001. was secured to the charity. Certain of the corporationlandshaving been sold, and the money brought into court, a petition was now presented for payment out of such fund. Mfr. Bailey appeared in support of the petition; Mr. Terrell appeared for the Attorney.Generai; and Mr. Lewin for other paties Mtr.ZrEANsAwn, representing the charity, opposed the petition on the ground that the interests of the charity in the 1,5001. might be jeopardized, if the order were made, and ask-ed for the costs of those he represented. The VIcE -C\NxcELnon thought that the order ought to be in the usual form, reserving, of course, to aU creditors such rights as they had. The charity was sufficiently protected by the act of Parliament, and had now no interest and could not have their costs; the Attorney-General and the trustees must of course have theirs. COCKiRELL V. COCKRELL. The only question upon this petition vas whether the testator, Mr. Cockrell, was domiciled in England or India under these circumstances:-Mr. Cockreli went to India in 1829, and settled at Calcutta as a merchant, founding the well-known house of Cockrell and Co., and remained there for nearly ten years, married there, and had three children, who were born there, and he died in 1839, and during all that period he was an officer on half-pay in the English navy, and there was evidence to.show that he was on continuous leave of absence during the whole time-namely, for one year, for two years, for three years, and for three years. The children and others interested under tho wil contended that the domicile was Anglo-Indian, whereas the Crown claimed legacy duty, on the ground that the domicile was English, inasmuch as, being still on half-pay and on leave merely, lie was liable to be called upon to serve at any tine, and therefore had not lnst his English domicile. 'r. BALn, Ir. GLASSE, 3Mr. C. HALL, Mr. LEECH, and MIr. GnrA1RD appeared for those interested under the wiU, and contended foran Indian domicile; Ir.HANSON, forthe Crown, argued that the domicile was English. MIr. BAuLY was heard in reply. The VICE-CRLNCELLOR said that it was very difficult to say that a man going to India for a year intended permanently to remain. Before he decided the point lie should like to know what was the effect of leave of absence in the case of officers on half-pay, and what was the leave here given, the form, &c. (Before Vice-Chainedlor Sir W. P. WoOD.) BUNNY V. BUNNY. The Court was occupied during the whole day with the arguments in this case, which is a suit against executors and trustees, and whicb involves no question of sufficient public interest to call for a report. MEr. Rolt, Ir. Willcock, Mrr. W. h, James, Mr. Carns, Mfr. Piggott, MIr. Beales, Mtr. Wickens, Mr. Giffard, Mr. B,; :F. Smaith, and Mrr. Babington appear for the several pathes. The case was not concluded at the rising of the Court. MANlY V. BEWIKE. In our report of the motion in this case in The Times of yesterday it was inadvertently stated that the suit was instituted for the recovery of large estates in " Lincolnshire." The property in question is situate in the county of Northumberland, and is of the estimated value of about 50,000!. per annum.
COURT OF QUEEN-s BENCH, WEmnusm. Just 6. (sittings in Banco, before Lord CnIPBELL and Jutices COLERIDGE, ERLE, and CRompToN.) At the sitting of the Court this day Lord Campbell delivered the judgment of the Court in two cases which had been previously argued. S1LMMONDS V. V.tANS=lART. Lord CABrrELL also said the Court had consulted Mr. Justice Wightman in reference to the application made yesterday by Mr. Edwin James for a new trial in this case, and after consulting that learned Judge, the Court was of opinion that there was no ground for the application. As to the misdirection, the jury had been informed that they were to consider whether there had been a contract to pay for the plaintiff's extraservices, and thatthat wasa question fortheir decision. As to the verdict being against the weight of the evidence, his Lordship was of opinion that it was not so. There was nothing in this case to show that there was to be payment for extra hours. In the case of " Taylor v. Vancittart," cited from the Lazo Times, there was an express promise, and on the faith of that promise the work was performed; and the Court had held that that was not inconsistent with the written contract. Here there was no promise, but only the expectation of a gratuity- On his second jourrey to India theplaintiff received a gratuity for his extra services, and his subsequent letters showed that he thought be could establisha claim to an o - flier similar gratuity. Under these circumstances there w.ould be no rule. Rule refused. CARTER V. IAYNS. This case came before the Court on a demurrer to the defendant's pleas. - - ~ f Mr. PnnmTcz, *x support of the demurer, said the action waas brought- aganstv attorney (Robert Haynes), and the third count 'leged that t,he defendant induced the plu3ntiffto advace to the defendant a stum of 7Q00. .on in- t,rest by the? false representation that a certin agreementj which the defendant sined was a vald security for the sm -of-1i239. ;-thatthe de endiantlknew tHeiald-representattoi to be false; and that by eqsonof the said false repres2ntation, and not otherwise.the defendant bbtained the money, whichisecame lost. The declartion.- also contained ttne nsual money counts. The defend%t 'pleaded plea of uz.sluy, wrhichi so far at the count :for money lent was- concerned, was an answer_ iHeahad also pleaded a aimilar plea to the eount: for obtaining -the money by falsepretences, but that plea, he contended, was no answer to the count for the fraud. The first plea to the third count alleged that the advance in question was made bytheplaintiff to tbe defendant under the corrupt and illegal ~agreements while the Statute of Anne was still in force, that the plsantiff should receive more than 5g.per cent. per annum for interest: lord C~Pnsur.-The fraud is not denied. MIr.PsENMcx-It is admitted on the record. The count said that by reason of the fraud, and not otherwise, the defendant obtained the money. That was admitted, but the defendant said the plaintiff had lent the money at an usurious rate of interest. . Mr. KxAN.- in support of the lea contendeda at, in order to susain the action, the plaintiff must siow that he had sustained some damage. In order to do that he 3ust3avetrecourse to the usurious contract. It'was admitted that the plaintiff could not recover back the money on the money counts; and the having recourse to a count for fraud was only another means of attempting to do the same thing in another way. l fr. Justice COIBMIDGMs-The defendant in effect said to t,heplaintiff " I will deposit title-deeds which are a perfectly good security, if you ill lend me money at such a rate of interest that you can't recover it." : Lord CAnePBELL observed that it would not be good morality for a person to deposit title-deeds, and represent them to be worth 10,0004, when they were worth no more than the paper books of the argument. 'Mr. EAN7 said that if he were arguing a question of nioralityhe could not justify it. The plaintiff knew the lawv, as every one was supposed to do, and he chose to take 'Ins chance. Be contended that the Plaintiff.could not obrtain any aid towards the support of -ais action by showing a3n usurious contract. lfr. Justice BnEnm-Suppose he intends to swindle him out of his money, and his course of business is to represent title deeds to be of value? The plaintiff shows that there wasno contract. It was suggested by one of their Lordships that the case ishould be arranged. Mr. PNaszcx said he should be veryglad, for his client wvas a market gardener, and had saved nol 1,200., but the defendant had got hold of every farthmng of it, with the exception of 1001. The defendant had served a notice on the plaintiff that he had assigned all his property for the benefit of his creditors. Mr. KEAiiE said he did not think that statement was correct, and he suggested a hope that the plaint Iff mnight i still fnd his security to be a good one. Mfr. Justice ERix.-Mr. Keane says the defendant is ready to pay back the principaL Mi. PsurNTicn would be quite ready to receive it, and ,probably would forego his costs, if he could get it ; but he seemed to think that that was quite hopeless. There wvas another action pendin; and no doubt the Court would be calUed upon to give judgment. Lord A5IPBELL said the Court would tak-e time to consader. THE DEPOSIT AND GNERA.L IE ASSURASCE N COMPAY V. AYSCOUGIL This was an action brought by the Deposit and General Life Assurance Company against the defendant, a shareholder in the company, to recover the amount of certain calls. The defendant pleaded that he was induced to become the holder of the said shares by the fraud and covin of the plaintiffs and others in collusion with them. To this plea the plaintiffs demurred, as insuflicient in law. Mr. BAnrnEY appeared in support of the demurrer, Mx. QuAnr in support of the plea, and contended that it amounted to an avoidance of the contract. Lord CiLmBEELL said he was of opinion that the plea was bad, for it admitted that the defendant had become, and stDil was, a shareholder. It was now settled law that a contract tainted with fraud was void, and the party must show that he had avoided the contract. But here the defendant was stil a shareholder, and he might intend to go and take his dividends sa soon as judgment should be given against hima. The other Judges were of the same opinion. Judgment for the plaintiffis. BAIl COURT. (SWIngs in Banco, before Mr. Justice WIGHnI&N-.) SEAW V. PTT. Mr. T. JoNEs moved for a rule to show cause why an award should not be sent back to the arbitrator. It appeared that some disputes had arisen between these parties, whowere in the relation of landlord and tenant. They agreed, however, instead of bringing an action, to refer all matters in difference to an arbitrator. After the award was made the attorney for one of the parties pointed out to the arbitrator what he conceived to be an error. The arbitrator then found he had made a mistake, and it was necessary to come to this Court for this rule. Rule granted.
COURT OF CO3ITON PLEAS, WESTmaxiR, Ju\E 6. COCKERELL V. THE VA?N DIEMEN'S LAIND COH,PA%'V (Sittinms in Banco. Trinitu Term.n 'Xue queston involved in this action, which came before the Court in the form of a special case for the opinion of the Court, was whether the plaintif is entitled to 200 shares in the defendants' company. The cornany, it ap &ared, was constituted by statute in 1825, and the plaintiff becamne a proprietor of 200 shares;- and in 1829 he was elected a director of the company. Up to the year 1852 the shares 'were of merely nominal value in the market. In the years 1847 and 1849 two calls were made of 11.-per share each, for the non-payment of which the shares might be declared forfeited under the statute, and might he publicly sold for the best price they would fetch in the market. Previous to the forfeiture 30 days' notice in writing was to be given to the owner of the shares. Thepilaintiff, having gone abroad in 1849, did not pay the eall and his shares were consequently declared forfeited. The plaintiff contended that this forfeiture was irrep,ular, the notice ot having been properly served at his last place of abode, as required by the statute, and he brought his action to recover damages for the forfeiture. Mr. M. Smith, Q.C., and Mr. Barstow appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Hall, QC., Mr. Serjeant Byles, and Mr. Unthank for the defendants. The COURT were of opinion that the plaintiff was entitled to recover, and that he should have the shares at the price of 17 per share, transferred to him. Judgment accordingly. (Sitings at Nis! Prius, at GCiUdhaU, beforc Mr. Justice CROwDER and a Common Jury.) ALDERTON V.. BRADSTOCK. Mr. Warren, Q.C., and Mr. Hawkins were counsel for the plaintiff; and Mr. Mialcolm appeared for the defendant. This was an action brought by the plaintiff, 'who was head porter at the Waltham-cross station, to recover damages for the seduction of his daughter against the defendant, who is the son of an innkeeper in that village. The facts of the case were extremely simple. According to the evidence for the plaintiff, on the 20th of May, 1851, the defendant, a young man 19 years old, took the plaintiff's daughter, aged 20, a walk in the fields, and neara stile had connexion with her, the resut of which was that eight months afterwards she gave birth to a child. These alleged facts were most positively denied by the defendant, and 'Er. Justice Crowder observed that, as was often the case under similar circumstances, there mnust be perjury somewhere. Mr. WARREN, in a most impressive reply to the jury, said that no doubt the case had assumed a most malignant aspect; perjury there was on one side or the other, and he accepted the issue of the learned Judge. He then went on to observe that the daughter of the plaintiff had been called by' Mr. Macolm " a strumpot," and that he had so stigmatized her in accordance with the base instructions which he had received; that she might have been rash, and even criminial, but that artless girls do not by one feRl leap jump into the pit of depravity at once, and without any previous deeply laid plots for seduction. The juryfound a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 51. WmARD V. CARDWELL. Mr. Fortescue appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. Powell for the defendant. This was an action brought by an accountant against a plumber for professional services rendered, the defence being that the plaintiffhad taken a bill of exchange in satisfaction of his claim. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff for 20!. The facts of the case were devoid of interest.
COURT OF EXCHEQUR, FrIDAY, JuNE 6. SPECIAL PVAPFR AN'7E D3E WAHT VS ERAAW6'T.' PTVP. (Sittinq in Banco.1 Tlhis was an action in which the plaiitiff declared on the breach of an agreement entered into with her by the defendant for the purchase of the goodwill of a ladies' school and the lease of a house and fdxtures. The defendant pleaded that at the connuecement of this suit the plaintiff was the wife of one De Wabl, who is still living. The replication set forth that the said husband of the plaintiff at the commencement of the suit was and still is an alien enemy, the subject of the Sovereign of Russia, in which empire he then resided and still does reside, and that the said cause of action onwhichthe plaintiff sued accruedto her within tbis realm of England, and while she was a sabject of our Lady the Queen, and residing in this cointry as a single woman, separate and apart from the said De Wahl, and that the defendant became liable to her as a single woman, and not otherwise. To this replication the defendant demurred, on the ground that the plaintiff, being the wife of an alien enemy, could not maintain the action. Mr. Lusn appeared for the defendant in support of the demnurrer; hfr. OGLE argued for the plaintiff. The Cournr was unanimously of opinion that the renEca, tion afforded no answer to the plea of the defendant. hether the plaintiff was married or single when she made the contract, the action, she being married when the writ issued, ought to have been in her husband's name, even though he, being an alen enemy, could not sue. The plaintiff ought to have waited until the war had ceased, and then there would have been no objection to the proceedingsbeing taken in her husband's name. As the matter now stood, a wife was suing in her own name on a contract because her husband was living abroad, which could not be. Judgment must therefore bo given for the defendant on this demurrer. Judgment for the defendant. (SR'finopsat NisL Prius, beforc Mr. Baron ALDERsoN a21d Commnont Juries.) Several jurymen were fined 5o. this morning for non-attenidance. The cases wvhich came before the Court this morning were not of sufficient interest to demand a report. T-is Court will not sit nuxtil Monday morring next, at 11 o'clock.
COMM OP BAREBUPT W Cr Buing agZtrvc; June 6. TV PIE or- rT %I-R - (Beforc Mr. Ccnm mai HOLrRo)aM.) Thebankrnpt was a shipbuilder, of Blackwall. This was an adjourned examintion in . Mr. Lnlklater appe*refdfor the ankrjt. M.Is LAVRAucx, for the aasisOeee, sad that At the Iset inee thD1e accounts had been tied only-a fewr days, Jinda short ao3urament had been oonsidered necessary Mess Quilts, Be,i wan Co., the accountants - in the case, ad smnce made their report, wShil he irould red:- "Re Caa. Mare. "57, Coleman-Ltreet, London, May29. Gentlemen,-The~~b ccuns pecdbyin tlas matter, mn pursuance of yonr instructions, were -fled in the fCourt of Baruptcy on {he 19h inst., and consisted of the "1. Balsace-sheet. ;' 2. Creditors holding security. "j3 Works in progress, on account of -which the reoeipt 4. Liabilitiesnbills receivable. "a. Profits. " 6. Statement of affairs, May 1, 1847. "7. Property, exclusive of proportion of 'fixed machinery.' "8. Debtors. " 9. Works in progress, on account of which the outlay exceeds the receipt. " 10. Property in hands of creditors, exclusive of proportion of 'fixed machinery.' "1L Fixed machinery. *"12. Goodwill (as per ledger account). "13. Trade expenses. "14. Losse 4 15. 0. J. Mare-drawings (as per ledger account)-. '- The accounts are prepared acoording to the forms required by the Court, andwill, we believe, be found sufficiently clear and explicit; -we nevertheless desire to offer a few remarks, by way of explanation, upon certain of the points involved. "'The period comprised by the accounts is eight years and five months,-n amely,from theIst of M!ay, 1847, to tLe ;21st of September, 1855; the former date being that whEence: the dissolution of the partnership formerly subsisting between Mr. Mfare and Mr. Ditchburn took effect. "The result of the statement of affairs of the Ist ofMay, 1847, is to show that, according to thethenestimate-of hisliabilities and assets, reckoning among the latter the item of gooddll, Mr. hlare possosseda smrplus of 11A8833. 35 . in addition to which he had the use of large advances from his father-in-law, which still remain unliquidated. Working capital was also further supplied, to a considerable extent, means of the customary pa'ments inadvanoe on accounS. of works in progress of executior. "With respect to the item of goodwill, estimated at 43,000M, it is right to state that that valuation it based upor the amount actually conceded and paid to Mr. Ditchbum on his retirement from the business in 1847, thus:"Amount at debit of 3fr. Ditchburu's ac- count concededtohim . £9,0(0 0 0 Amount paid to him in cash .120 0 0. Making, together the sum of ...£21,{M 0 0 to represent the value of that gentlemian's interest in a moiety of the goodwill of the concern. "The valuable character of the .concern at this date iswe think, amply proved by the subsequent esperience had of its capabilities for profit; what those capabilities were-is apparent from the statement of ' Profits,; which shows that for the whole period the gross profits of trade amounted to no less a sum than ... ... ... ...£350,925 7 3 To which add sundryprofits from estates, c. 13,983 17 0 Total ... ... ... ... 364,909 4 3 Subject to the trade and general expenses (including interest), as set forth in the statement of expenses, amounting to ... 188,567 -8 7 Leaving a net piofit of ... ...£176,341 15D 8 due to the entire period, and equal to an annua average of 21,0311. "Had the financial condition of the house been more easy than, in fact, it was,and had M1r. Mare been as successful in the management of his finances as he was in obtaining and executing the orders for the many important works undertaken by him, there can be no doubt that the net profit result would have been largely augmented. .The large sums paid by way of interest, discount, and commission, and the heavy amount of general charges incurred in the conduct of the business,exclusive of the wages paid to artificers, which constitute a direct element in the cost of the works executed, may be referred to in corroboration of the foregoing remark. "A Again, the item of ' lossesr,' though presenting a formidable appearance in the balance-sheet, will be found on examination of the particulars of which it is composed to furnish no evidence against the sound and profitable character of the business, but the contrary, the great bulk of the losses being referable not to the trade as such, but resulting to a great extent from the depreciation in the value of the various properties consequent onthe failure and bankruptcyr, comprising not only the premises, plant, utensils, and stock employed in the trade, but also the items of landed and other property possessed by Mr. Mare at the date of the banruptcy iltogether unconnected with lisa trade sperations. Other considerable items of loss, includingf some large bad debts, are attributable to causes either indirectly or not at all connected with the trade, leaving the lOES resulting from ordinary trade risks at a very moderate amount. considering the great ex;tent and varied character of the business carried on by hIr. Miare as a contractor for public. works, a ship-builder, and 'general manuftacturer of machinery and materials. "These considerations seem to be of importance with reference to any negotiations which may be entered upon by,you for the disposal of the Blackwall proprty andworks. " The item of ' fixed machinery ' is p ecd separately in. the balance-sheet, because we are unable to apportion it accurately as between the items of 'property' passing to the assignees and 'property in the hands of creditors;' when. the rights of the mortgagees are determined that apportionment will necessarilybe made; we remark, however, that the bulk of the proper included under the head of 'fixed machinery'will most probably go to the mortgagees. "IWith resDect to the private drawings of Mr. Marc, stated in the talance-sheet at 65,6431. 17s. Id., we observethat that amount is the residuum of a much larger sum charged to his personal account in a multiplicity of items spreading over the whole period of eight years and five months, but not all constituting private expenditure; this account we have by means of information and explanations. rendered to us by Mr. Mare been enabled to analyze, and so to transfer to the proper heads of account those items, not due to his domestic and personal elxpenditure. - " Owing to the great extent of the transactions involved, the immense detail of the manufacturing accounts, the number of years over which our investigation has extended, and the imperfect and disconnected state of the materials we have had to deal with, the inquiry has been unavoidably a, laborious and protracted one; and, but for the regularity with which the cashbook was kept subsequently to, the lst of January, 1848, comprising receipts and payments amounting to upwards of 31,000,0001., it would have been scarcely possible to have arrived at a deiinite conclusion within anything like a reasonable period of time. "The books, original and supplemental, taken together, will, we believe, be now foundto contain all the information proper to accounts, and that from them any additional particulars which you may require can be readily procured. " We remain, gentlemen, yours faithfully, " QUILTER, BALR, LND CO. "To the assignees of C. a. Mart.b Mrr. !Lawranco continned.-The assignees wrere willing to adopt this report as generally correct. The bankrupt's books bad been regularly kept, and there was a cashbook relating to no less a sum than 11,006,0001. that was so far accurate. There was a sum of 200,0007., of which the cashbook onfly partially disclosed the application. The bankrupt upon bein- called upon to show the expenditure of this money bad aone so to the extent of 65,0001., in the form of domestic and personal disbursements. This expenditure was at the rate of about 8,0001. a-year, and, considering the style in which the bankrupt had lived, the official assignee was satisfied that this amount had been expended. 1hedifference between 200,0001. and 65,0001. was only partially exr,lamed; but the assignees were so far satisfied thatthey did not impute to the pt the concalment of a ine fraction of property. They imputed to the bankrnti nothing worse than carelessness, or want of caution n failing to keep a full record of his disbursements. They were willing that the banlrupt should pass, and but for this unvouched expenditure they would have been glad that he should pass sub sikntw. The CoaMsroxEn said it might be well that some statement should be furnished in respect to the difference between the 200,0001. and the 65,0001. Mr. LTmqx'LT said there was an item in respect to the 2Newmarket estate which showed the application of a par' of the sum. Mr. LAWR&iYCE observed that, in addition to the bankrpts expenditure, the following amounts had been written off, but they were not vonched further than by the entries of the amounts in the cashbooks :-Cheshire estate, 15i,5011; XNewmarket estate, 25,5481.; Audlem estate, 29,599; horses, 3,282L; furniture, 10,600. Plymouth election, 15,902l.; tradecharges, 2,1521. ; traveiling expenses, 5,0001, law costs, 1,005L.; commission, 3,102.; destroyed banote, 1001. Mr. Mare had been accustomedtoincurconsiderable travelling expenses in obtaining contracts, and it was his practice to reserve checks for that purpose. When the accountants ascertained the large discrepanec the bank- rupt was required to furnish a statement, and he had dotted down a number of items which had for their result the report of Messrs. Quilter and Co. Mr. LxzesATER gave the names of many persons towhom specific sums had been pasd on account of the banrlupt's Newnmarket estate. Other information could be given to substantiate the fact that the bankrupt had disbursed the 136,0001. Mr. Waler, as a creditor for 5701., had been told that Mr. Ditchburn had made a very elaborate examination of the bankrapt's accounts,and was going to oppo the parsng of his examination. A good deal of negotation had been goin on, and Mr. Ditchburn now said he did not oPPose. EHe had just seen Mr. Ditchburn whispering to 3Mr. Ball. The CoflsSIO. ER said lie should infer that Ir. Ditch. burn was satisfied. .Mr. Waller said that up to this moment creditors were being bonght off at the rate of 10s. in the pound. Attempts were being made to stifle inquiry, and he trusted that t Court would not be permitted to be prostituted to the purposes of the banruapt. Mr. LAWRANCE remaxkecd that no doubt there were per- sons who were buying up the debts of the bankrupt. Tere was a large class of creditors to whom an immediate dividend was an object, but he could state positively for himself and the official assignee (Mr. Lee) that they had avoided "iving aid to any party whatever in such negotiations. They had invariably told applicants for information thea they did not know whether the estate would pay 5s. ar 1DS. in the pound. If there w;as anyintention on the-par of Mr. Waler to inspurn the onduct either of the assignees or himself, he must disclaim most emphatieall any-br4eab of duty on their tat. So far froml Shere having been any attempt to stifle mnvestiuation, an opposite course had beeu lJssued; andif if Mr. WaIler could show now tbat i;rt
POLICE. 3LtSION-HouS .-Henry W. Chapman was brought beforethe LoRD, MAYOR and SirP. Lust1r, in petty sessions, charged with having- feloniously stolen an order for the payment of 54W. 3s. 4d., the property of Mr. Hammon, Vustom-house agent, of Harp-lane, Lower Thames-street. Mr. Hamnuon said,-The prisoner. was iu my service, and was authorized to act as my clerk with the Board of Customs, and to receive money on my account. His duty was to account to me on the same day. He should have handed the money to his father, who is my clerk, and who could account to me in the usual manner every week, I produce a letter in the prisoner's writing which I received on the 12th of May, as follows:- "' Mr. Hammon. Sir,-I scarcely know how to address you after the wron- I shall have done you, but I beg to state that we had commenced business for about two months; aU went well; but then T went out one day to collect money, and got nearly 200?. After I received it I went into an eating-house, where I fell asleep, and when I awoke my money was gone. Not knowing how rTO tel you or father, I have kept the secret until nowe; with the rest of the money I had, bat without father k.nowving anything about it, I paid all his debts and the rent; but as to tell you how all was expended I could not. 1 am nowv cone to the worst. When I found I could not nake it up I miiade fictitious entries in the books, and, therefore, the debts are al wrong, Sir. Jones knows nothing whatever of all this, any more than father; therefore it is I who am guilty. I cannot face you again, hut must now; try to atone in some aw ay for all this. " And remain your very humble servant, "H. IV. Cssr.1sAy "Mi-..James Hamason, 12, Hiarp-lane, City.'" In consequence of a statement made to me that business was being transacted by me in my counting-house for Messrs. Tozer, of Tower-street, wine merchants, and that on the general sheet there was a sum of 353?. Is. od. as due from them, I asked the prisoner three weeks ago to go and get a check on account, and he told nie that it would be as well if I went with hissi; but, from other engagemeents, I did not go wsith him, and I sent the prisoner alone, and he told me he had seen the clerk and was to go next day for the money. I sent him next day, and he was a long time absent, and I went to Tower-street, and saw the prisoner come out of the louse, and he told me he was to call again on Monday for the money. I afterwards ascertained that it was a fictitious account altogether. On the following day the prisoner still absented himself, and I received the letter I produce. I now produce a sheet of paper given to me on the 5th of April last by the prisoner, purporting to be an account of business to be done on that day, by which it appears that certain wines were to be cleared for Messrs. Pinto and Co. for Messrs. Tozer, and he asked me for a check for 1317. Os. lOd., but I divided the two amounts and gave the prisoner a check for ol7. 3s. 4d., upon say bankers to pay duties. That check has been returned to me as paid by my hankers, and is entered in my passbook. M-r. Jose Maria Peres, partner in the firm of Pinto and Co., of Crutched-friars, said,-I do not know the prisoner. We never emnployed M1r. HEammon to pass the wines referred to inthe paper produced. We have never imported wine from the places referred to in the list. The father of the prisoner appeared in the witness-box, and seemed to be deeply afflicted. He declared that his son had completely deceived him as well as his master. A letter which the prisoner had written to a clergyman was produced. It stated that the prisoner had been in the habit of betting in billiard-rooms considerable amounts of mnoney, and the Lord Mayor and Sir P. Laurie, upon exa-mining the books in which the fictitious entries had been made, observed that the system of fraud had been ino-t ingeniously carried on. The sentence of the Court was that the prisoner should be imprisoned wfith hard labour for six months. William May, charged wvith having aided and assisted a wvoman (name unknow-n) to destroy herself by drowvning in the Thamses, was finally examined. James3lansfield, master of a sailing-barge, said,-About 20 minutes past 9 o'clock, on the morning of the 27th of MWay, I was on board my barge, which w>as moored off Holland-street, Elackfriars. I saw the dead body of a wonsan floatingo, and took hold of it. It w-as dressed, and had a wYhite straw bonnet on wvish white ribbons. Inspector Thomas, of tbe Thames Police, said, he took possession of the body, and found in this pocket of the dress 3 white handkerchief, a piece of ribbon, a large hai comb, and a small quantity of cannine in a bit of rag. He took; Use body to SI. Saviouf's Union. Tlhe searcher of the Union said, she undressed the dead woman. There wvere no marks of violence on the body and it was not identified. y Mfr. }. Bianchi, surgeon, of Stamford-street, stated that lie was called to examine the body; that the cause of death was suflbcation by drowning, and that the body had no marks of niolence or of local disease upon it. The verdict of the coroner's jury wa-s stated to be that the prisoner had aided and assisted the deceased woman to destroy herself, and the prisoner was then fully committed for trial at the Central Criminal Court. Bow-sTREE.-r.-Joseph Solomons, a young man (son of a greengrocer), was charged with horsewhipping police-constable James Murray, F 102, while the latter was in the execution of his duty. The assault occurred near Charing-cross, during the illuminations. At about 2 o'clock in the morning, when all the thoroughfares were crowded with carriages and footpassengers, and the police were occupied in regulating the traffic, the defendant arrived with a van filled -with a party of gentlemen. He attempted to break the line which the police had been directed to preserve, by drivisg in advaniec of the carriage immediately before him, and although, accordina7 to the statement of Munrray, the officer twice informeN himl that he could not bo alowed to proceed, lie still persisted in the attempt. The eomplainant then seized the horse's head and pushed the van back to its place in the rank, upon which defendant lashed him over the shoulders very severely with the whip, using language of a filthy character at the sanme time. Defendant was drunk. The defendant, in answer to the charge, said that lie whipped the horses to prevent the van being overturned, for, from 'he manner in which the constable backed them, there wasevery risk of such an accident. His wllip might have caught the shoulders of the officer at the same tme, bLathehadno intention to assaulthim. He deniedhaving used nsy bad language. Ile believed the policensan was drunk. Several of the passengersin the vansupporteddefendant's statement, and coniplained of the obstinacv and inisulting manner of the officer, adding their belief that they should have been upset but for the self-possession of defendant in whipping the horses to keep them progressing. One of thenm also thought the constable must have been drinking. On the other hand, the case of the officer was completely supported by the evidence of Mr. Sedgwick, of Moiuntstreet, Grosvenor-square, who was in the carriage preceding defendant's van, and who spoke as to the temperate ana forbearing conduct of the complainant, under great provocation. He distinctly saw the defendant apply his whip to the constable, and was confident the blows were ained at him. The imputation that Murray had been drnilnDg was refuted by this and several other -witnesses, and by his superior officer at the station where the charge was taken. Mr. J,ARDINE believed every word of the evidence in Support of the charge, for defendant's witnesses, besides being an a position where it was hardly possible for them to see all that occurred, had themselves admitted having urged the defendant to break the line, and get in advance of the other carriages-a proceediiig highly improper on such an occasion. His worship committed the defendant to a fort3night's imprisonment, wvithout the option of a fine. William Connor was charged with burglary at the Hawaruden Castle publichouse, 3. Gower-place. 3frs. Austin, a widow residing ii tbe house, was disturbed At about 2 in the morning byanoise below. She calledupthe jandlord, ~Jr? Wood, who proceeded to search the premises, He found that the padlock of the tii door bad been broken off, and the cashbox removed frrAwthin. Police-constable 1o6 i;, who had been wa4,ching the rear of the premises, owmng to the frequAency ^, burglaries *n the district recently, was immediately on, the spot, and the prisOner Wa5 fonnd concealed in a re- s55 in the hou6e, his pockets being full of copperts an& river, and other things absitracted from the b)ar. r. jA? It,D= committed him for triaL SOUTWARK.-George Bea2am, a compositor, employed on the MiUninlg .Joun na, was charged with being concerned (with Jane Beagam, his wife, who is in custody) in stealing a box containing 30 sovereigns, five silver watches, and a number of deedAs, valued at SOl., the property of Eliza Powell, a widow, residing at 51, King-street, New-cat. MAWr. CO3AsE remanded himr for a weelc, when his wife wvil also be brought up with him. LxMn'ETH.-Charles Langdon, late a waiter at the Flora, or, as they are recently called, the Eugenie Gardens, in Camberwell New-road, who has been in custedy for nearly a fortnight on a charge of passing three forged notes for se. each on publicans in the vicinity of the zardens, was brought up for fnal examination, and was fully committed for trial.
SHIP NEWS. LIVERPOOL. Jr\E 5. Wind, N.N.W. Arrived.-The North nmerican steamer, from Quebec-the Chesterholnie. from New Orleans-the Glencaple, from Corfu-the Adolphine, from Iceland. JUN-. 6. Arrived.-The Sphiit of the Times, from 'Mazatlan-the Chorister, from Maranham-the Marianne, from Jamaica-the E. Z., from New 'York. Sailied.-The Montmorenscy and the British Trident. forMfelbourne -the Marys. for Monte'iideo-the Scienece, for Genoa-the George Linck, for t'ronstadt-the Typhoon, for Balaklava-the Olive Putnam, for Calcutta-the Alma, for Balaklava-the Veloz, for San Francisco-the Minho steamiier, for Oporto-the Brealalbane, for Africa-the Pledestrian, for Balakiava-the Ashburt. n, for Calcuttathe Saloeno, for Antverp-the Johni Heinrich, for Swinemuldc-the HIilda Charlotte, for Rio Janeiro-the Margaretta, for Barcelona. Lo.euros, Juno 0.-Wind at noon, 2.E.; light breeze, and cloudy at times. Goa-r vnrnan. 'May 27-The Transit (No. 5) steamer, from St. Petersburg for Hlll, vi. Stockholm, lias hatuled into dock at the latter port, having been aground during lier voyage from St. Petersburg. 2,ioNTmk&T, PMay 21.-The Emigrant, arrived at Quebec, reports having passed a wreck on the 30th of April, in lat. 46, long. 46, with masts and bowsprit standing. Tonsinzsoar, May 30.-The Emma Heyne, from Liverpool for Dantsic, ashore at the island of MTuck, had 'been put aground there in a sinking state, having struck on a sumken rock off Canna yesttrday, when she unshipped her rudder sari seriously damcaged her bottom; she is lyim on a dangerous point. PAP.5s, Jiume 6.-The Clementine, of Nanteg, frons Newcastle for MIarscilles, grounded on a bank near Dunk-irk on the morning of the Ist inist., and wvas picked up by a Belgiani pilotboat and brought to Antiwerp; the crew had landed near Dunkirk. Fz.iLourTr, June i--Off the Port.-Tne Hartstone, from Chalrleston, for orders and St. Petersbiug-the lhighlander, from Shields for Oporto-the Witch of the Vave, from Charleston for Itane-the Heintly, from Sunlderland for Quebec. Arrived.-The Gustav, from Rio Janeio-the Stephanie, fromn Trinidad do Cubathe Argetina, frem Santos-Hter Majesty's steamer Pioneer, from a cruise. Ssiled.-The Diamond, for Aberdeen-the Spinner, for London-the Nermand, for Plymouth-the Donna, for Cork. June 5.- Wind, Ni.-Off the Port.-Thc Almerican ship Eumma Jane, from Newv Orieano f or enlers and St. Petersburg. Sailed.-Tiie MNazurka, for Answcerp-the Eliza, for Dublin. GRAVESEND, JT,'r 6. (By SuasiWarnE .sie Brp.TTTsn T=ort.otAr.) (From Lloyd's.) D30 a.m.-Wind, N.E.; tide, near low water; fine. Arrived on the 5th.-The Renslca, frons Bremen-the Euse, from Calverly-the Eielsia, from Rio Janeiro-the Speculant, from Fteheigerhaven-the Unrestricted, from Smyrna-the Carl, from the -vestward-the Ceres steamer, from St. Pete-bsniig-the Countess of unsdale, from Hamnburg. Arrived on the 6th.-The Luteken steamer, from Hamburg-the Isabella,froms Stettin-the Gnstavmsa, from MTemel-thie MMbion steamer, from Boidogne. Sailed on the 6th.- Thie Seine steamer, for Boulogne-the City of Norwich, for Tolning-tlie Lord J. Russell steamer, for Dunkirk. I p.m.-Wind, N.E.; tide, three hours' flood; fine. Arrived--The Heela, from Faabo.g-the Gurden, from Nykiobing -the Caroline, from Faaborg-tlhWoodstock, from Frederickstadtthe Aliosen, from Moss-the Villtelmina, from Carolinensiel-the Moselle steamer, from Havre-tbe City of Iondon steamer, from Dlunkirk-the ,Erana, from Drani-the Johannes, from Leer-the Blessing, from Brussels-the Caroline. from Odenso-the Anne Wilhelmine, from Tonsberg-the Titans*, fronm Hamburg-the Anna Clhristiana. from Aalborg-the Skundinst, from Nykiobing. 3 p.m.-Wind, N.E. ; tide, high water * fine. Arrived.-The Bellona, from Sannessmd. Sailed.-Tlic Jsbez Snow, for Calcutta. 7 30 p.m.-Wind, . ; tide, three quarters' ebb; fne. Arrived.-The London steamer, from Gottenburg. Sndacsd.-TheNorwood, for Bahaklav a. DEAL, Jun;l 6. (Dr SLUAIunZE a AND BRisTXSIs TELManOnp.) (From Lloyd's.) 9 a.m.-Wind, N.E. by E.; fresb. Anchored off the South Foraland on the Stb.-The Plymouth Rock, from New York for Londonl. Psassee on the 5th.-The John White, from Newcastle for Malta. Passed-Tle Sirocco, from Smniderland for Tosllon-the Paris and Liondoii steamer,from London for Paris-the Herefordsahire, the White Eagle, anid the Rajisthan, from London for Balahlava. Nloon.-Wind, N.E. by N.; moderate. Passed.-Thc Herald, from Shields for New York -the Youmg Mechanic, from Hull for Calcutta-the Lady Sandys, from London for St. Kitt's. Anchored.-The Lord G. Beiitinek, from Antwerp forlon(lon, 2 p.m.-Wind, N.E.; moderate and fine. Passed.-The Cambrian, from London for Jamaica. Sailed.-Tho Lord G. Bentinck and the Plymouth Rock, for London. 7.30 p.m.-Wind, variable. Arrived and Passed.-The Bledgauntlet, from Shanghai for London. In Tow.-The Pruth, from Colombo, the Joseph Fletcber, from Shanghai, the Wve, from Mogador; all for London-the Jabez Snow, from London for Calcutta. Passed off Bcachy-head on the 4th.-The Leonie Casbaste, from Bombay for Dunkirk-His Netherland blajesty's ship Van Speck, from Batavia for the Texel-the Edonard, from Liverpool for Ghent. VEssnrs SroE}r Wrrss. The Eldou, of Glocester, April 17. in hat. 47 N., long. 26 W. The Adele, from Hamburg for Adelaide, South Australia, June 2, inht. 52 N., long. 3SE. 1 The Rnsk-in, from the Clyde for Quebec, June , in 1at. 50 N, long. 11 WV. The Princess Royal, from Calcutta for Liverpool, April 24, in hat. 2S B., long. 32 W. Alarge screwv steamer, ship-rigged, bound W., May 30, in hat. 44 N, long. 39 W. HIGH WATER AT LONTDON-BRIDGE. This Day. To-morrow. Morning. . 38 min. after 41 Morning.. .. 23 mln. after 5 Afternoon ;; 0 r.in. after 5 Afternoon .. 47 min. after 5.
ZNAVAL AND MILITARY INTRLLUGRNC Her Majesty's ship Duke of Welington, 131, Captain Caldwell, C.B., rehoisted the Rag of Rear-Admairal the Hon. Sir Richard S. Dandas, LC.B., at Spithead yesterday. Her -Majesty's ship Cossack, 21, Captain Fanshawe, and tho Mohawk, 6, steam despatch gunvessel, Commander Francis Close, were officially inspected, and their crews -mustered yesterday at SpitheadbyVice-Admiral Sir George Seymour, XC.B., the Port Admiral, prior to their being despatched on foreign service. Her Majesty's ship Fantome, 12, Comnnander Genneys, sailed from Spithead last night for Chatham, to be paid off. Her Majesty's ship Geyser, 6, Commander Tower, went out of Portsmouth harbour yesterday morning, and anchored at Spithead to await further orders. The steam-transport Excelsior, No. 235, arrived at Spithead yesterday from the East with Ordnance stores. Orders were received at Devonport on Thursday to expedite the completion of the screw steam-frigates Liffey and Topaze, of 50 guns each. The Liffey was masted yesterday, and tho keel of the Topaze laid. Upwards of 100 shipwrights are to be employed on her. Extra hands have also been put on the screw steam-corvette Pelorus. The defects of the sloop Atalanta, 16, having been made good, she wiU be taken out of dock on Monday. The screw steam-frigate Imperieuse, 51, Captain R. B. Watson. with five despatch gunboats, are ordered to cruise off Falmouth, after which they will proceed to the coast of America. The screw steam-sloop Niger, Captain the Hon. Arthur A. Cochrane, has had her-repairs completed. She underwent the first trial of her machinery yesterday morning in the outer basin of Woolwich dockyard. Her internal arrangements and receipt of stores, &c., are to be carried out forth. with, so that she may be ready for sea before the close of the month. The repairs of the Rattler and the Trident are like-wise proceeding rapidly. The landing of the large body of men belonging to the Army Works Corps from the transport Tynemouth at Woolwich was effected on Thursday evening with the utmost order and regularity; and so complete a system of subordination and good conduct was observed during the whole voyage home of 35 days that Captain Steward has considered it due to the men to forward an official reporb to that effect to Sir Joseph Paxton. The Tynemouth is undergoing some slight repairs to her machinery, and will return to Balaldava to re-embark troops for England. The screw-steamer Chester is ordered to be discharged from the transport sernice. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:-Theophilus J. Jones, second master, to the Victory; John Nihill, assistant surgeon, to Greenwich Hos pital; Henry Flyan, acting assistant-surgeon, to the Elk; James A. Shame, acting assistant-surgeon, to the Niger ; G. C. Hall, naval cadet, to the Conqueror; Charles W. Harris, paymaster, to the Elk; Thomas D. Smith, tempo. rary clerk, to the Waterloo. A Chelsea board of officers assembled yesterday at Brompton, for the purpose of examining a number of sick and wounded invalids who have recently arrived from the Crimea. After the inspection had been made 53 non-commissioned officers and men were ordered to hold themselves in readiness to be discharged from the service. )r. John Luscombe, of Plymouth, whose duties were suspended during tne war, received on Tuesday a diploma reappointing him Russian Vice-Consul forxthe South -Western district, including the ports of Salcombe, Dartmouth, Brixham, and Torbay to the eastward, and Looe and Fowey to the westward of that port. THE MILITL On Thursday the 1st Devon Militia, under the command of Major Rattray, marched from Limerick station for Cork, the band playing lively airs and being loudly cheered as they passed through the principal streets. The Roscommon and Westmeath Militia, stationed in Athione garrison, are to be disembodied early in July; and preparations are already making for disembodying the loscommon. A field-battery of six guns, under the command of Captain Blosse, of the Royal Artilery, is expected shortly from Liverpool, to be added to the Belfast district. The headquarters and half of the battery are to be stationed at Charlemont; the other half is to be stationed at Belfast. The garrison of Belfast will then consist of the Antrim Rifles, the Armagh Militia, and half a battery of Royal Artillery. The Germania steam-transport arrived on Wednesday in Queenstown, from Portsmouth, with 500 men and 15 officers of the Limerick County Militia, the right wing, under the command of Major De Burgh. The Germania is to return immnediately for the left wing of the regiment, consisting of 460 men with the usual complement of officers, which still remains at Devonport, where the entire regiment had been stationed, and which is also to proceed to Limerick, preparatory, it is supposed, to the disembodiment of the regiment.
"THE GERMIIAN AERBEARIES." TO THE EDITOR OF THE, TIMES. Sir,-The above being the name usually bestowed upon the "German soldiers of the Foreign Legion," you will perhaps insert the following contradiction of that term. On the 3d inst. a eoldier of the Herefordshire 31ilitia was on the point of being drowned in the neighbourhood of the camp at Aldershott. A soldier of the 2d Jiiger Corps, seeing his danger, jumped in, and, though nearly lost himself, rescued him from death. The rescued man sent his saviour, throughthe captain of his company, the sum of 10s. The German soldier (since made full corporal for his gaDant conduct) wished his comrades to accept the same. The company refused to a man, and voted that the sum slhould be sent to the secretary of the Wellington College, at the foundation of which they had been present on the preceding day. I am, Sir. vour obedient servant. - JOHN MONTRESOR. Major, Commanding 2d Jiger Corps.
THE RoYAL HOSPiTAL FOR THE C(uE oF LNCtRABLES.-On Thursday eveniing the anniversary dinner of this charity, established two years ago for the permanent care of nersons who by disease, deformity, or accident are hopelessly disqualified for the duties of life, was held at the London Tavern, under the presidency of Mr. Charles Dickens. Among tho guests on the occasion, nearly 100 in number, were the Marquis of Towvnhend, Lord Tenterden, Lord Raynham, Lord Alfred Faget, Sir John Boileau, Dr. 'Ramsbottem, Dr. Little, Colonel Chester, Captain Cherson Dr. Conolly, and Dr. Andrew Reed, the founder of the institution, as well as those of the Infant Orphan Aslum, the Idiots Asylum, and the Asylum for Fatherless Children. The Chairman, in proposing the toast of the evening, said he hadthe high privilege to give a toast which recognized the immense social importance and great Christian humlanities of a hospital designed for the permanent care and comfort of those who, by disease, accident, or deformity, were hopelessly disqualified for the duties of life. It was the distinguishingT feature of this institution that it entered into competition wiith none of the existing hospitals, but caie in aid of every one of them. There was not an establshment for the treatment of the sick in this city from the doors of which some unfortunate persons, altogether disqualified for the duties of life, were not driven away. The Royal Hospital had scarcely achieved the second year of its existence; but, nevertheless, it had obtained "a local habitation and a name," and in one of the prettiest places in the environs of London. There was nothing about the institution which partook of sectarianism; its principle 'was to know nio distinction in religion; and there were now 44 patients under its protecting care. It divided itself into twvo branches, affording, first, to those objects of charity a home for life who had no other home; and, secondly, assisting with regular donations and kind counsels such patients as had friends to relieve them in part and give them shelter, feeling that they could not bear that sharpest pain-the separation from those they loved. The necessity for such a hospital was shown 'by the circumstance that within the last month there bad been 87 applicants for rehef, of which the managers had only been able to select 1.0. Many of those cases had urgent claims on the sympkathy of the benevolent. Mr. Dickens concluded by making a touching appeal to the company to support an institution which had such peculiar claims on-the charity of the humane and the wealthy. Th e subscriptions and donations amounted nearly to °SOOt.- AronEEcAauxS'-axa.-Tbe following are the names of the gentlemen who passed their examination in the science and practice of medicine, and received certificates to practise, on Thursday, -June 5>:-Edward Mlorris, Stoke Damnerell, Devon, and Hlenry Green, Worcester.
IRELAND. (FROM Outl OWN COARTm'1' DUBLIN, FRIDAY foLNING. PROGB}SS OF SCHISM. An energetic Irish Conservative organ (the W.aerford Mail) has followed in the wake of a Dublin journal of kindred politics, and openly states its general disapproval of the men who are for the present regarded as the recognized Parliamentary leaders of the Derbyite party. Alluding to the absence of the chiefs. at the divission on the recent assault upon the Irish church, the Waterford paper observes:- "Whether this abseneewas the result of accident or was by design we have some rght to be informed, and we hope Mr. Disraeli and Sir John Pakington will afford an explanation. If theyhave sought to shirk the discussion of the question,they are no longer worthy of the position of leaders of a parbt'which makes it the principle of theirpoEtics to uphold theC(~hurch and State. If the views of these leaders have becnome democratic and unconstitutional, and they are prepared to assent to the abrogation of the ties which unite the estauDished church in reland to the State,the sooner the Conservative party dissolve the connexion the better. We have been long aware that a very large section of those who upheld the Derby-Disraeli Administration have been dissatisfied withMr. Disraelis leading and equally averse to Lord Stanley's conduct; they have held aloof from the meetings at Grosvenor-plaee, and it wants a man of ability tostep forward to secure a largofoowing of those members. When rumours were afloat that a junction was about to be made between Mr. Disraeli, Mr. Gladstone, and Mhr. Bright, having for its object the securing of peace, we believe a very considerable section of the Conservative party were prepared to support Lord Palmerston in a war policy; and, if that nobleman takes a Protestant tone on the Ixish church question, he wil go far to secare the support ofl those who cannot but disapprove the want of candour in leaders who run or sneak away from the discussion of a question involving the interests of the united church of the united kigdom." An Irish Derbyite journal attributes M1r. Disraeli's absence to his peculiar costume on the night of the church debate. " The right hon. gentleman had what he considered a command to meet the Queen at the Turkish Ambassador's, and, being inm full dress, he could not reappear in the house."' THE Q SEN's COLLGES. It is stated that a misunderstanding of rather a serious character has taken place between the President of the Queen's College in Cork (Sir Robert Kane) and one of the professors, which has resulted in an appeal to the Earl of Carlisie, complaining of a reprehensible infraction of college discipline. The clissension wiL become matter of investigation before the visitors, when it is expected that the whole conduct of the southern college will be subjected to an inquiry. THE IMISH CATILE TRADE. A Belfast paper remarks that the day of sunshine has not set on the Irish farmer, even though the war is over. Wheat stands as high as it was in the early spring. The value of prime oats is very little under the rates ruling three months ago, and prewious to the final arrangement of the peace question; and as for live stock, extreme prices are not only soulght for, but readily obtained:- " The value of lean cattle had fallen considerably for the first eight or ten days of last month, in consequence of the drought and withering effects of the east winds on the pasture lands. Such, however, was the result of the frst four days' rain that graziers' stocks rose from 20s. to 30s. a-head. Taking the lowest average, the value added to Ireland's stock of horned cattle by those showers was more than two and a half millions sterling. At present, the marketable worth of farm stock of all descriptions is 30 to 40 per cent. above the highest point ever before known. Springers, which sold yesterday at 151. each, would not have produced above 101. previous to the first introduction of open commerce in foreign cattle. A two-year-old heifer of the shorthorned breed sold at 20l., and a smaller sized half-Irish springer of the same age was bought at 16 guineas. Young stock, if weeU bred, goes off at highly remunerative values." We are requested to state that, wvhether by private contract or otherwise, only a small part of the estates of the late MIr. Richard Mf. iFox, M.P. for the county of I.ongford, haWve beent sold. THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 938 3 2,Z; ditto, for account, 9th of June, 931 3; ditto, for new account, 8th of July, 932 A; New Three per Cent. Stock, 931 Bl . S; ditto, for accomnt, 9th of June, 934; ditto, for new account, 93;: * Bank Stock, 22X4; Royal Bank of Ireland (0ll. paid), 20 * City of Dublin iteampacket (1007. paid), 604. Railways.-Cork and Bandon (501. paid), 9.b: Dublin and Belfast Junction (457. paid), 441; Great Southera and Westerm (501. paid 53; Midland Great Western and Royal Canal (501. paid),
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES& Sir,-In Mr. Sidney Helnr~t' pceeh upon. military instnuctiou there occurs the following passage, touching the Military Staff School at High Wycombe : "Among the celebrated officers educated there I may m,ention the names of Sir G. Murray, Sir J. Hope, General Wetherall, Sir C. Napier, and Sir W. Napier." This, as regardls the two last names, is entirely erroneous, Neither Sir Charles Napier nor myself were ever at High Wycombe; nor do I think it -would have added much to our knowledge if we had been there. After the Peninsular war we both enteredl the College at Farnham, he for a complete course, I for only a few months, being interruptedl by the breaking out of the war when Napoleon returned from Elba. I remain. Sir. vniirs nhedinnUth7 W.. NAPIER, Lieutenant-General.
GuA-D FAD CY FAn.-A grand fancy fair has been held duiing the last two days in the grounds of the WellUigton Barracks, Birdcage-walk, St. James's Park, in aid of the funds now beimg raised for the widows and children of the gallant soldiers who fell in the late Crimean war. The bazaar was fitted up in six large marquees, two to each regiment, the whole under the superintendence of Mrs. Armytage, assisted by Mrs. Ponsonby, Mrs. 3,oncrieff, and the ladies of officers of the brigade. Among those who atteilded -were Colonel his Serene HIighness Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar, the Duchess of Richmond, Lady Enfield, Lady G eorgiana Grey,-who made purchases for the Royal family,-Lady Morgan, Francess A;nne Marchioness of Londonderry, the Countess of Harewood, Lad.y Thesiger, Lady Caroline Sterling, Lady Lindsay, Lady Marcus Hill. Lady Dover and Mrs. Cook, Lady Willoughby d'Eresby, M,rs. Browne, the Earl of Denbigh, Major-General Sir H. Bentinck, K.C.B., and Lady Bentinck, Major-GeneralBerkeley Drummond, &c. The bands of the Grenadier and Coldstream Guards attended, and played a selection from the most eminent composers. [Advertisement. }We are authorized to state that the Countess of Wilton's second ball will take Rl!ce on Thursday the I9th inst., instead of the 20th, as onginally announced.
PERACAS IN THE UTITED STATES SENATA,; (From the Noew York Heraal) The following will be found tobe a strictly correct and impartial account of the attack on Mr. Sumner, in the Senate Chamber, on the 22d.. Colonel Preston S. Brooks, of South Carohna, took exception to the folowing language, used by Senator Sumner in his speech on Tuesday last -- " With regret I come again upon the senator from Sonth Carolina (31r. Butler), who, omnipresent in this debate, overflowed with rage at the simple suggestion that Kasas had applied for admission as a State, and with incoherent phrases discharged the loose expectoration of his speech, now upon her representative and ten upon her people. There 'was no extravagance ef the ancient parlianmentary debate 'whichhe did not repeat. norwa there anypossible deviation from truth which he did not make. But the senator touches nothing which he does not disfigure with error, sometimes of principe, sometimes offact. He shows an incapacity of accuracy, whether in stating the constitution or in stating the law, whetherin the details of statistics orthe diversions of scholarship, 'He cannotope hismouthbut outthere flies ablunder.' But it is against the people of Kansas that the sensibilities of the senator are particular aroused. Comine as he announces, "from a State ;'1 ay, sir, from South Carolina-he turns with lordly disgust from this newlyformed community, which he will not recognise even as ' a body politic.' ray, sir, by 'what title does he indulge in this egotism5 Has lhe read the history of 'the State' 'which he represents? lle cannot, surely, have forgotten its shameful imbeciDlity from slavery, confessed throughout the revolution, followed by its more shameful assumptions for slavery since." 3fr. Butler, the aged senator alluded to, 'was and still is absent in Soutth Carolina, on a visit tohis family. Mr. Brooks waited at the porter's lodge about an hour yesterday, and as long this morning, hoping to meet3ir. Sumnner, 'with a view to attack him. Failing in this, he entered the Senate Chamber to-day, just as that body adjouzrned, and seeing several ladies present, seated himself on the opposite side to *Mr. Sumner. Soon all disappeared but One. He then requested a friend to get her out, 'when he immediately approachled Mlr. Sumner, and said in a quiet tone of voice: "Mlr. Sumncnr,-I have read your speech 'with great care, and wvith as much impartiality as I am capable of, and If eei it my duty to say to von that you have published a libel on my State, and uttered a slander upon a relative, 'who is aged and absent, and I am come to punish you." At the concluding 'words Mr. Sumner attempted to spring to his feet, showing fight, but while in the act Was strucl boy Colonel Brooks a backhanded blow across the hcad with a gulttapercha cane near an inch thick:, but hollow, and he continued striking him right and left until the stick was broken into fra,mnents, and Mr. Sumner 'was prostrate and bleeding on the floor. No one took hold of Colonel Brooks dluring the time, so quick was the operation; but immediat ely afterwxards Mr. Crittende n caught him round the body and arms, 'when Colonel Books said, "I did not 'wish to hurt him much, but only 'whip him." No one knew of the anticipated attack but the Hon. H. A. Edmundson, of Virginia, 'who happened not to be presentv'when the attack commenced. It 'was reported on the streets for several days previous that MIr. Sumner would be armed 'when he delivered his speech, and that if occasion required it he 'would use his 'weapons. He wavs not armed 'when attacked by Colonel Brooks to-day. It is said, also, that Mr. Sumner gave out before he made his speech that he would be responsible for anything he might say. After his arrest Colonel Brooks 'went to the of fice of Jus tice HoDlingshead, and tendered his bond with securities to .appear and answer any charge preferred by the grand jury. But the Justice, deeming the bond premature, discharged hlim upon his parole of honour to appear before him again 'whenever requiired. Subsequently Mr. Broeks wvas complained of by Mfr. William Y. Leader, onwhose oath Justice HolDingshead required Brooks to give bail in the sum of boOO as security for his appearance to-morrow afternoon. The most intense excitement prevails this evening among the Nigger Worshippers, and tbeyintend to-morrowmorning to introduce resolutions expelling Colonel Brooks from his seat in the Hiouse. They are working assiduously to accomp-lish this object, but they 'will certainly faiL. The attack on Senator Sumner creates much feeling in Boston and throughout the State. The indignation is gener al, irrespective of political bsmpathies. The first account was read in the House of Eepresentatives, and caused much excitement. Inthe House of Representatives, Mr. Temple (American) of Framingham, offered an order that a joint special commIittee be appointed to consider 'what action this l egisLature shall take in reference to the assault recently made at WYashington utpon one of our senators in Congress. The order wvas almost unanimously adopted, and the Speaker ap.- pointed acomnmittee of five on the part of the House. The Senate unanimously adopted the order from the House for a joint committee, and Messrs. White, Deney, and Sutton were appointed on the part of the Senate. A meetimg of citizens was held, to espress the popular sentiment regtarding the assault on MWr. Summer, and though called at a late hour to-day, was very large. Chapman-hall was found too small to admnit the gathering, and the meeting ad30urned to Trement Temple. Prayer was offered by the Rev. Mr. Beecher, Deacon Samuel Greele presiding. Over 2,000 personls 'were present, and general indignation'was expressed. Theexcitement on the subject isintensethroughout the State. Speeches 'were made by the Rev. W. Freemanl Clark, WVendell P>hillips, Judge Russell, the Rev. Theodore Parkrer, J. Id. S. Willliams, of Cambridge, the Rev. Lyman Beecher, John L. Swvift, and Wf. B. Spooner, of Boston. The speeches of Messrs. Phillips and Parker were almost purely political, with minor references to the object of the meeting. Hissing and other marks of dissent interrupted the latter several times. Mr. Spooner dissented from the declarations made by both, that men not of the Firee-soil p arty rejoiced at the assault on MIr. Sumner and justiiied Mr. Brooks. He said it was not so, and held out a requisition for the use of Faneuil-hall on Saturday night for a mass meeting, signed by over o0 men of all parties. The presertmeeting, he said, 'was a spontaneous one, and no special party had the credit of its initiation. The meetinz adjourned at 10 o'clock to meet on Saturday at lFaneull haIl.
CHARGE OF BRA-WLIG AGAINST A CLERGYMAN.- A commission appointedlby the Bishop of Exeter, consisting of the Rev. Chancellor Martin, the Ven. Archdeacon Bartholomew, the Rev. H. Sanders, the Rev. P. L. D. Acland, and the Rev. C. F. Smith, assembled at the Chapterhouse, connected with the Exeter Cathedral, on Wednesday and Thursdav, to investigate a charge of "brawling," which was p referred by Mr. Samuel Carter, jun., one of the churchwardens of BrampfordSpeke, against the Rev. George Cornelius Gorham, the vicar of that parish. Mr. Gidley (Proctor of iExeter) appeared for the complainant, and Dr. PBayford for the rev. defendant. The allegations of the complainant, wvhich were supported by the testimony of several -witnesses, were to the eftect that on Easter Sunday last, previous to the commencement of Divine service, the vicar came to the churchwarden's seat, and in an angry tone peremptorily ordered him to take down a notice of a parish meeting which he had affixed to the church porch, and bring it to him in the vestry for his signature; the notice in question having reference to the inscription on an organ in the church, about wlhich there had been some disagreement; that MIr. Gorham threatened to present Mlr. Carter to the archdeacon if he did not immediately obey his re(uest; and that such violent conduct very much frightened the churchwarden and discomposed the congregation. For the rev. defendant a number of witnesses were caUed, who stated that they did not hear the violent conduct aleged, nor were they at all disturbed by anything that took place betwrreen the vicar and the churchwarden. It was, howrever, admitted by most of the wit. nesses that the service was delay'edsjor a'cout a quarter of an hour on the morning in question. Dr. Bayford, inna long and able speech, contended that the evidence of "brawling" wras not sufficient to w.arrant the Commissioners in finding a paisd facie case against the rev. defendant, and Mr. Gidley having replied the Commissioners took time to consider their judgment. CAPTAIN SIR ROBERT 1TCLURE ANI E NORTH'WEST PASSAGE.-An elegant and costly testimonial has jnst been presentedo Ciptain Sir Robert gChsre, late of per ob ajestyhs discovery ship Investigator, by a nunber of ofsders of the Royal l iavy, several of them among the most distinnuished in the:r profesion, in admniration of his intrepidrty and perseverancein penetrating through thePolar Ocean in searchof Sir John Franklin, wahich, as is well knowrn, led to the solution of an imlportant geographical problem in the discovery of the North.West PMassage, and pas rendered his name illastriohs in the naval annals of the British empire. The testimonial consists of a winged figure of Fame standig on tiptoe on the part of a globe representing the Polar Seas, and in the act of blowing a trumpet It is exquisitely carved in frosted silver, and stands on an ebony pedestal, which bears an appropriate inscription co m- memorating the services of this glant Arctic navigator, and the motives in rhich the testEmonial originated. Cap. tai Sir James C. Ross ras delegated by the subscribers to present the testlinonial, and he did so in a letter, in which he felcitously expressed their oad his own admiration of the courage, perseverance, and shill displayed by Captain Sir RoberthaWClure, and added that it wouldremind him of the manmyarduouls and hazardous events of£his memorablevoyage, anfDiouldnot failtopkeepalivein hisheart adeephsenseof gratitaide to God, whoumided and preservedhim amid numberless dangers, and, after an absence of nearly five years, restored him in safety and honour to his friends and his country. Sir Rebert lPClure, in repgly, stated that he fully appreciated the feelings which had prompted so flattering a mark of the approbation of his professional friends, who were the best udges of his public conduct, and it should eofer be cwherished by him with the .most grateful recollections. R[e added that it would be gratifyinrg to them to avail 'cimself of so fitting an opportunity of expressing his admiration of the officers andmen associated vrith him in his enterprise, to whose zeal, exertions, and co-operation he wished to pay that.public tribute of his regard. It is but justice to say that the testimonial, which is a beautiful work of art, is from the (deiie. of 3bessrs. Hunt and Roskell, of Bondstreet. GRAND JIJRIES Bmt.-Mr. Boyiord ero. Samuel Warren, and Mr. M. Chambers have drawn up a hiUl to facilitate the despatch of business before Grand. Juries in 1Eaglanld and WYales. It enacts that witnesses examoined before grand juries may be swvorn by the foreman, an presence of the jury. It will not henceforMward be necessary for any person to takie an oath in open court in order to qualify Ium flto give evidence before any grand jury.
=OWN THE NICARAGUA COBBESPO-LYDRArCE. The WaoMington Union contains the eorrpondeuo ccompanying the President's recent mesge snnoUcing his recognition of Padre -Vigil as M, niser fr04 theRepublic o lNIcaragua. The latest and most interesting documents of the aeries here subioined. The letter Padre Vigil, sys the Union, " not only ShoW, that X1I Rivase administrationa is the Govermnent dc facto, but th* it is acquiesced in by the native citizens of yic0arg These facts being true, the reognition of the aecredtat Mintster of that Government could not be refused upon ana principle known to our practice on such questions," "Pin -sntT RWVAS TO PReSmM.,T PIUQE. (Translation.) "To THE HSo.. mTI P YSMrir OF mx UNITx SrTATr OF NORTIE A-EuICA. "My Great and Good cliend,-Ia zdesirons to cultivax ' with te Government of your Excellency the friendly rela. tions that the people of Nicaragua are called upon to raai. tai with the Government of the great northern Republid over the destinies of which your Excellency is now presid. ing. I have, therefore, thought fit to accredit, as the\ emister Plenipotentiar and Envoy Extraordinary of thiS aepablicnearthe Government of your Epcellency, Rev, licentiate DonL Augustin Vigil, a reliable person on accounE; of his knowledge of public affairs and of hispatriotic feehinx to the end that with that character he may enter i/ltO treai of adliance, friendship, anxd commerce with the Governxnent: of your Excellency, and devote himself to the other objects of his risnion. th e your Excellency will deign to ait kindi' TPlepotentiaryand Extraordiary Envov and believe everything he fy propose imy his offici , canacity. lI Pray your excellency to ill accept my wishes for youm happiness and prosperity snd the prosperity of the great people uvder your government. "oGiven in the city of leon, in the Govermnent house, on the 17th day of April, in the year of our Lord 1S56, "TheSeretary "PAT'RICK) RIVAS (a ).) present cnclitin of ploreign Affairs, Sebastian Sagina. " Doy AUGUSTrS Vion TO M eo M ortcS a (Trtnslation.) a " Washington City, b ay 14, 1f-h "Sir,-The unhappy situation of the country in which I was boru,and the desire of exerting my best efforts to relieve it, have led me to leave my native shores to coms to represent its interests in the capital of this blessedl republic. In your Excellency's reply, declining to receive a former envoy sent by my Government, you say .- " 'Those who were chiefly interested in surprising or overthrowing the former Government of that State wero* not citizens belonging to it, nor have those citizens, or anX considerable partof them, so far as is now known here freely expressed their approval of, or acquiescenceid, th, present condition of political affairs in NTicaragua.' "If your Excellency isnot already disabused on this sub. ject, I trnst the explanation I nows have thehonour to mGnke wel plac the affars of icaragwain suchight ad to induce you to vies our circunstances in their true position. Nicaragua, more than ever since her history be, for the last three years has been bleeding at every pore. The inaugur Tation of Don Fnreto Chamorro as the Director of' Nticaragua was the commencement of the storm; ahortl after it he began to show his tandency to despotism, and, usurping the sacred rights of the people who h elected him, he commenced to form the chain of their misfortunes. " Fearing, hoever, a fewo citizens who hxd the interesad ibertyaof theircountryn t heart, he adopted p courst calculated to render their patsiotsm useless by commtencin criminal proceedings agalnst them. The greater part of these meiiwere Liberal members of the Constituent Issem. bly, which was convoked for April, 1854, and possessed tooF much intgity to vote awayathe liberty of the republec.i Among them were Don Francisco Castirron and General Jerez-the former a well known, upright, and iniluential patriotic citozen, a man of liberal ews, of a superior education, and a correct knowledge of the world that he had acquired during a long residence at different court4 of Europe; the latter is also similar of character, views, and experience. These and other patriots Chamorro im-. prisoned, and banished su,bsequently to Honduras. General Jerez, at the head of a few courageous men, returned. to Nicaragua, and at Clsinandega, the first large town near' the borders of Honduras, he organized a provincial govern ment. The popular masses joined himn freely, thoy having become alarm,ed at the proceedings of Chamorro. The. forces of the Provisional' Government marched to Leon, wheie Chamorro had his camp; and as soon naos both armies met the whole Chamorro force came over to General Jerez. Chamorro then took refuge in thec city of Granada, and by sacrificing the weal,thy portiof of the population he assembled together a forco o£ 1,000 men to stand a siege of nine months in the PLaza, during twhich time a lrge portion of this beautifaul cit was completely destroyed. The provisionat government, was compeled to raise the siege, and invited camerican citizens to lend their aid to it. ha of them responded to the invit na an bce naturalized citizens of. thate country. "Shortly after Chamorro died, and the constituent assembly, tampling on the very constitution and charter they had made but a few days before, arroatedt to phemselvesothe ordiary legislative power, and appointed Doln Joseh Maria Estrada as the saccessor of Chamorro, whose footsteps he begin to follon. This is the style of govern. ment which has been called legitimate, and which was noE and could not be so according to the constitution of thatState, because Chamorro's term of office having expired, only the people of ntcarsas, represented by the juntas of the departments, ad never the Assembly, oughtrtohhave appointed the successof With the assistance of our brave aIes things wvere soon changed, and our forces took posses. session of the city of Granada on the islth of October, 185p t this timenthe Americans in the service ofs Ncaragwa did not nnaumber mtore than 150 mten, commanded by General " And what wvas the conduct of those who overthrew the Government of Estrada Theyused every effort, and successfly, to restore and maintain order, to protect the per. sons and property of the citizens; to gather uii the elements. which war and revolutions had scattered abroad, and tn frame them into a new order of reconciliation and peace. They invited General Corral, the chief of the hotile forces, to a conference; and the latter beinh fully authorized by the Government that styled itself igegitimate, they agreed to appoint a provisional chief, for which office Don Patricio Rivs was selected, and that GeneraE Walker should be the General-i-Chief of the whole mightary force of the Republic. It is ilpossible, Sir, to> describe the enthusiasm that prevailed on that day. Two, armies that were hostile to each other the daytbeforebecame merged into one, and the two generals marched ann in arm to the house of the God of peace to celebrate the blessed day of their reconcihlation. "By virtue of said treaty, Hon. Don Patricio Rivasstook possession of his office, andhis election was approved by the general voice in Nieargoa. His first step w as to. address a peaceful and friendly invitation to the chiefs of the Central cAmerican Republics. The Governm,ent oe Guatemala deigned not to give an answer. The Salv9t dores m.anifested a disposition to form friendly relations, Honduras recognized the new Aduiinistration; but Cost: Rica declared a horrible war of ex;termination against it. Thus situated, my Government desires to maintain by diplomatie intcreourse the good fellowship thit alwaysr unitedsraragtua to thiisgreat republie on every groud, andl especially because the great highsay between the two oceans, that is equaly interesting to those States and to Nicaragua, is embraeed within the border of the latter. Born and educated in Nicaraga, and novfor the first timen a visitor to the shores of this great republie, I have a nrght both to speak about the facts v.'hic have marked our past, and to anticipate the happiness that wre may in the fulture, as well for my own country as for thesQ great States. " Your Excelleney may be positively certain, that during the seven months of President Rlivas's adtministration therer has been no attempt at revolution against hiim, and that the whole people of Nicaragua ferns a united family, prepar-ed to maintamn order at home and to resist foreign aggression. That my Government has obeyed the instructions of the country has been latterly maniffested by calling the people to elect the supreme authorities of the country, wvhich elect.ion began ont the second Sunday of April last; .and if the balloting has not taken place in the Oriental and Sonthern. departments, it wras because of the hostile invasion 'of the Costa Ricans. <' I have come to your country with the official character of the representative of Hon. Patridlo Rivas, the chie£ magistrate of the republic of Nica3rag,ua; and I hop3e, forthe interest of both countries, that I shall be esteemed wrorthy to represent near this Government that republic, and that I shall fintd heroeaGovernment friendly to our peace, pro. sperity, and permanence. "I have the honlour to be, with great respect, your obedient servant, " AUGtISTLN VIGIL. " To his Excellency William L. IfLircy, Secretary of State of the United States of America."
WATERLOO-BRiDGE CoamPAxT.-The half-yearjy assembly of the proprietors was held on Thursday at t-ho Freemasons' Tavern; Mr. Williami Anderson in the chair. The report of the committeo to the general assenibly o£ proprietors stated that the amount of tolls reccived for the halfyear ending the 23d of July Last amounted to 9,54u1. Ss. 2d. ; whie for the correspondingyearit aountedi to 'J,1241. 2s. lld., showving an increase of 4"Lh. 5is, sa There had been a further increase both on horse and foote tolls since February last to the extent of 205M. 2s. 2d. At the last general assembly the committee had reported that, after the paymeat of current charges and expenses, kc., and the payment of a dividend of 4s. in the pound, there remained a balance of 1,G901. Ss. 4d.; and they had now to report that, after payment of current disbursemente, providig for the interest on-the company's bond debts, and mnaking a dividend of 4s. in the pound, in February last, there remained a balance of 1,0f41.it l d. The staterent of accounts show.ed a cash balance in reserve, a balanc irt favonr of the company, of 1,0911. lOs. 6d. The repot was unanimously agreed to, after whicha resolution was passed to the effect that 100 guineas should be contributed' by theproprietors towards a subscripltion for a piece of plate for Mr. Powell as a mark of their approbation of his long services as chief clerk andsnrveyor. lfr. Powell madc his acknowledgments, and a vote of thanks to the chairman and directors was then carried unanimtously. A GRADuATED SCALE OF HrS ?NS-" Two days ago," writes the Paris correspondent of Lc .id, "there died at Versailles, in complete obscurity, a .onsge wh@ has a name in history-Count de a r lNapoleon L and the Count de Niepper, was the third husband of Marie Louise." [Advertisement -Herr.ing's lNew Racing Pictures.-On View at Foress, 41. Fkcadllr.-A. J. F. Hening, men., haa psinteq; exypresly for publication, a eics of original Pietures miustatin the national spot of racing, portraying the sym2metrical form, the oud like character. and muscular development of the thorough-bred bne in racing conditionwith truthful and spirit'.sI eff ect, eonpriing four subjects-viz,' "Saddling." "A False Start."I Tho Run In," "Returning to Weigh." On view fromn 1D o'cock to 6 daily. Fores Catalogue of 1POrting graviugs, with literary notiac appendedito wbich3s " TheBun oE the Season," dexrnPtiveecf the senee OfE o5l brated foi-buntng engravings, may be had gratis on-?pli' tiori 1 post-tree byforwarding two pflge-rtainyto 21 esoel 41, nC cadilly. Londen.
SALES BY AUOTIOIN. Old Established Ale and Stout Stores. IR. SHUTTLEWORTH will SELL, at the AIart, . J June 13, at 12, the valuable LEASE and GOODWI&L of the ANGEL ALE and STOUT STORES, 73, Snow-hili, held for along term, at a low rent.-Offlces, 1, Chapel-place, Poultry. Poplar and Bromley, Mliddlese"x IUR. J. Y. GIBBS is favoured with instructions to W i. offer for SALE by public AUOTION, on Thursday. June 12, at 1 for 2, at Mr. Graves', U&een Dragon Tavern, High-street, Poplar, 11 neowly-erected six-roomed DW-LLING-HOU SES ofneat elevation,and Liisebng internaUg aU the latest improvements and decorations. et, Cordelia-street, Charles.street, and Slock-street Also two convenlent 8-rooned Piouse, With lofty shops, situntc in the Juat India-oad1 Poplar,opp2ditetho Chnrch, and for apitplpCarcasseb t!y ebbfor, sixdooms each. Partliulars and canditiona may be had of it yea Cusna, bott7 Falnozs-inn- Messrs. LeveU Fr, B:,SouthnSilare, Gray's-inn; hr. W. i41 Cdoen, Higis-street, Poplarv M zessrs. anorris and Son, H,arlowaVilas, EastpInda-road; and the aucrioneerrs o, h5e0, oighBstreet, Poplar. istclass Stock of lines. 7M1R. GEO:RGE KIGH:T is instructed to DISPOSE uprof tho follohing BOTTlED IN S at thB Mart, on Tuesday, unme 10. at 12 for 1, 'fiz. 287 dozen of fine old crusted Ports, shipped by O ldy, Webber, adaCo., Qarles Harise, Jad Sandeman fom tfo to sax years in bottle, 100 dozen fresha bottled Port, Brtmno Silva and Sonl's shipping, 415 dozen Pica's, Mllsa's, Garvey's, Gonzalez and Daboecs', and Paul and Daotia' pale, gold, and bromn Sherries, 50 dozen Binet, Fil3, and Co.'s fine eparkhng Champagne, and 40 dozen superior grwsth Claret-the whole lying unmder -Mr. Enight's control, and sold to cover advances. Also 20 cases Jules Robin and Co.'s fine pale Brandy, and 12 dozen Ransay's Islay Whisky. Samples can be had by payment, andtasted the moming of and duringtho sale. Catalogues of the Secretary, at the Miart; and of George Knight, 20, Crosbyhall-chambers, city. Bromley, Kent.-Excellent and nearlynew Household Furniture, &c.- By Mr. T. BAXTEt, on the Premises, 4, Rochester-place, on Taee. day. June 17. by order of a lady leaving the neighbourhood. rHE whole of the Furniture, &c., conprising L bandsome mahogany and japanned French and Arabinn beasteads with rich damask famitures. good mattresses, feather beds, blankets, anid counterpanes, execUent mahogany wardrobes and drawers, and the utsual chamber articles, two fine chimney-glasses, h usdsome rosewood pier table, and good rosewood loo and other tables anad chair to correspond, rich pattern Brussels carpets and rugs, sets of rich damask w;indow curtavin, capitol cabinet pianoforte, elegant alalaster figures and vases, a fewv cabinet paintings, set of good mahoganby dining tables anad clainis, pedestal eideboard, braclet clock, glass and china, the usual kitchen req{uisites. re. Mlay be viewred the day preceding the sale, and catalogues had at the Dover Castle In.n, Dept- rad; the inns in the neighbourhood; and of the auctioneer, ire., Enre ley, Kent. Bourton-on.the-Water, near Stow-in-the-Wold, Glocestershire. R1 . WUV . LYNE has received instructions to SELL, J at tbe New In, Bourton-on-the-Water, on Monday, Jnme 9, at 2 for 3 precisely, in lots, a smaU FItEIEHOLD ESTATE, caUed Bury Fields, situate in the parish of Bonrton-on-thcb-ater, near Stow-in-theWold, Glocestershire, within an easy drive of the Shipton and Addlestrop Stations on theWOford, Worcester, andWolverbamptonBailv ay andina goodhunting country. Tho propertycomiprisesahouse,suite for the residence of a gentleman with a smaU family, or eor a huntingbox, vith domestic offices, stables, coach-house, and other out-builaings, drying ground, ;itchen and flower gardens, and ornamental walks adjoining, carriape drive leading from the house to the high road, with a cottage well siuted for s lodge; also farm-buldings, barns, stables, cattle seds, rick yards, labourers' cottages, &c,. within a convenient distance of the said dweUing-house; together with abont 51 acres of arable and pasture land and ISA acres of xich meadow land, witb the right of nnthoertverforflooaing and irrigating the same, and every apparatu necearyfor the p se; the whol well stockedwith ornamental and other timber, and subject -only to a Quit rent of 5s. Sd. chrgeable thereon, May be iewed on application to Messrs. Kendal nd FSon, and with permission of tha teuants, and particurs hsd ot the auctioneer, Oddioaton- Mtesrs. Kendall and Eion. Bourton-on-theWater; Metars. Iteece, Wilk-ins and Blyth, 10. St. Swithin's-lane, Loncoo Mesans, Wiliam and James, S2. Lincobl's-inn-fleldLondon; and Mesrs. Jaon, Cobb, and Pearson, S, Baslghastreet, Loodol. Wrt-sa0 e. Deullen-road, Yorw:~ ;. gentL6aman-y Ragieeldm. IIDis instructed to 8LL by -iti - on Tuesday, Juine 24, thc scove very excdle.t lAM'fy REIDECA which is moost agreeably situate, in ii., bet artof orwod,fronting the Bea,uieli-road. and lmmediat-ly oa,xte he ental raneutof the Cryst-al Falace. Thisd truly dsstriAedwelig-huse whchhas been considerably enlarged and isaprove and anow itmo amediate owepatlon, contains six bed rooms anddresin roms,stuy,two ele6ant drawing rooms, spacious dinlug room leuigin ran5~ break-fet Parlour, entrance hall A, sar cas. nd wtercloet,ale. weine, and coil cellars, kitchen, laundry. huiekepecs romand store room, pantry, servants' bed room, and t"-Is-nouse. all well supplied vrith water; detached coach-house. three-stall stable, and loft, cow-house, aud poultry-houses Woods1de-honuse is apr ce by a carriage drire through tfnely timb2red &rounud ; it stano uipon abeautiful loping lawn, whichinBbounded by lun uriaut shrubberies and the extensive flower and kitchencgardens. A. or-uservatory and gr:eenhou~se are attached to the house, and -ersy large eunsawere expended by thelate proprietor in extending and improvIng the ground.s, Adioiningthe entmaceelodge, with valuable frontag~eto the "uhetuie-road, are two handsome enclosmres of productive meadow lAu.d, and the entire prop>erty compris,esI8a. 2r. lOp. The estate is held on a lease for lives, and is ssb~ect to anx annual reserved rent ot £1I 135. Particulars antd conditions of sale, withx a plan of the prort.M- eW14 days prior to the sae, at Garrawny'S: Of Messrs. bury: Kand at basLermian, and Hughes, solicitors 17, Bucklembury an atR[r Lefchlduoffices, 62, Moorgate-street. city, where only cords to view may be obtaied. CapitAl Fehl tidcewihaot0acsofsuperior Meadow I~LEIFCI?u isistced y the Proprietor AIYt.L SELL by AUCIo,at Garraways, on Tuesday. June 21 at 12 for ], in one or two- Ioa ry valuable and important FREEHOLD ESTATE, Pleasantly staeon an elevated gravelly rite, comadn pleasin:ad extensive vews, in the parish or Harefled ndcut of Bliddlesex, This desirble proM.,cmrssasailafml residencee.coatainiugentrauce-hali, lbrar,dngrom aigrom and conservatory. 13 Principal and secouLarbdros wtrcoes the usual -uite of domestic offices. and convnecs ml tbig loose box and coach-house, encloBed yaranoubidgsktce garden and orchard. The house stands on alrelw,soigt h south, with parterres, vinding walks, andom enashubrsad plantations, andit orerlooks nuerou7s enclosures of rich pasture land., which are wel timbered, and supplied 'with a fine Earing of water that ris-es near the house. The estate, which is freold and tithe free, conitains 48 acres and 11 perches, and the only outgoinps are X7 per annum for tbe land-tax and Pa. 5d. for a frethold quite rent tD the manor of Hfarefield, Nearly 14 acres of fine pasture land are held in additionL to the above, and the purchaser shall. take them at the resntpaid by the vender. ThaBproperty is about20 miles from Lenden, four from Uxbridge, three from Rickmnanswortlk. andseveurrom the railwaY stationat Watford'; and while itposzsessesgreat attrations as a gentleman's residence, itis equally eligible and valuable for build. lug Purposes. P'articulars and conditions of sale, vl a plan of the prperty,. will shortly be issued. and may be had at the usnal inns at Harefleld1, Uxbridge, Rtickmaus'wortb, and Watiord; at Garraway'a of Mlessrs. Trinder and Lyre, solicitors, 1, John-street, Bedford-row; and at Mr. Leifehild's laud and timber offices, 62, Moorgate-streetc'lty. hold Farms. ontaiIn1,8 acres, inte vicinity of S.Dvds Solva. and Fishead MIjR. LEIFO IL] is instracted by the Proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mariners' Hotel, Haverfordwest, on WVednesday. Juise 11, at 12 for 1, the following valuable and desIrble ESTATES. vsz-,- Cdlceffdd. mn the parishes of Llatnychaer and Puncheston, near to) the capitol market town and Port of Fishguiard, comprising the capital farms of Cilclffydd, Clyn. v agwr Vramn east anid Vagw-r Vrau wvest, containingz together 1,518 acres of armble, meadowr, and monanlns ih finely timbered woodEs, along the valley of theGannointecupin of Messrs. John Meyler. EbenezerMeer JhnLwel, and David Davims Also. Llecha, a desrbefreodfam er the, high road from Fimhtuard to St. Dvds nteprs of Lianhowell, contain. ig16arsof eapia lad ihwtrpower for threshing, e,, new oocupied by Mr.StpeThmsAl, Trevanna, an excellent occupation, in the paihoLaney,na ovadWiturb;t isheld by Mr. DanielPhli urotlu Oacs,itgodedunce and newly-rce esad Th foregon am r na improving state; tha rehl a odrt rents n h eat r responsible and puncta.Prtclr and conditions ofsl.wtpan of the farms, will be issued 21 days previous to the sale, admyb a at the Great Westemn Hotel. Fishgad h omrilIn t David's; the Nelson Hotel, Mlfor;athpleofse;fJms Ssumoers, Esq., solicitor, Haverfoedes f'.L arot s. oi citor, 1, Lancaster-place, Stad n t r efhldslu n timber offices, 62, lloogtosret Haverfordvrest, Pembrokeabire.-Valuable House Proerty and Leasso. hold and Lifelsold Estates, Fiv'e Public-houses, Shops, Warehouses, and Accommodation Pasture Land, M R. LEIFCHILD) is instruacted by the Prtoprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mariner's Hotel, Haverfordwest, on Wednesday, June 11, at 12 for 1. in numerouLs loin, the following impd taneligble PROPERTIFil,ws'ich aro situate in the best parts of the capital mnarket and boro~ ono aefrie t,bitina short distanice of the Southi Wales Railway Station: comprising a respcctable Family Dwelling-bouse, with wine and spirit shop, on thea east ride 1sf Castle-square. with brewery, yard, and back Premises, held by 'Ar. Jenkins desirable Business Premaises, in the Friara, held by Mr. Jardine; spacious Storehouses and Warehouses on the west bank of the river Cleddass, let to Mr. W. Gough Griffiths; the BlackHoirce Ian, in Bridge-street, with its atabling yard,and eatensire premises extending to the river' Three Dwelling-houses and Shops, workshops, stabling garden.Li., heidby Mr.Barnard; FoeslDwelling. houses, inBrdge-street, with chapeL.'wsrkahops, and Premises behin. abutting on the Hole-in-the-Wall, beldby Mr. Lloyd; spaciousFactory, workshops, yard, and Premises, in the Hole-in-the-Wal, with river frontage, occupied by Messrs. Marychurchb; the Stag Inn, in Bridgostreet, held by Mr. Thomas Phillips, with the buildings and promires- roomy Business Premises, warehousse, and yard, in the rear of the Stu- Inn; Dwelling-house, works-hop,yr andE promises, in Bridgeprstreet PextCendigastothe rivr,~ cped byfds. Beynon. Also, in the parih o Prndegast an b Pin of avexfordwest. the Commercial Inn, the Newport Armas, the Plume of Feathers, Nine Dwellinghoues ndremseswihyardsandgarders,an enclcsestGardenawantwo valuable accommodataon pastu i-eelds, all adoining and adjacentto the oldbrige,on he astban oftherivr Cedau, and in thxe several occuptinsf Msss.Banar, arow.Mr. usn Gifits,Messr. T. Jams, . Jnkis,Hadock, Mrri, wen Piton ad Thomas, Thee esiabe roprtesarebad.tom fomyear t year. some on leass fo varous erms andothes onlive. Tey are well situate for usiesspurose, an thyofcr ligbleopportuImties for safe, and prfialeinetmns.uatiuard n codtioso ae,wt ln ateplcofsl;at the Neonloe,ifr ofJ esSm r, place, Srn;ada r othl' fie,6,Mogt-tet P-esnbrokeshie,-Valuable lFrehold Farm, near Pemibroke, and de- sirable Marinea ResIdences and House Proerty, at Tenby. R. LEICHILDis instracted by the Proprietor tSELby AUCTION, at the Lion Hotel, Tenby, on Thursday, June 12, at 1 for 2, that important FIEEHOLD ESTATE, known as RIed Down or floyton Farm, in the parish of St. Florence, and abutting on the high road from Pembroke to Tenby ; it contains 160 acres of arable and maeadow land. with good homestead, and is in the occupation of Mr. Gr-iffiths. Also, in the parish of St. Mary, in the favourite watering-Pla1ce and borough town of Tenby, Four very genteel Family Marine Rcsi4euces, containing bawement, grund floor, and first, second. and third torieg, with offices, gardens, and steps to the sands, at the end of St. Juiam-stseet, near thie pier and the castle, with, delightful southern se views towards St. Catherine's and Calcly Islands; they are held by MIS. Ambrose Smith and Mliss Millard. A valuable Plot of Rullding Ground, in St. JultEn-street, let to WMiaim Lock, Fsq. ; a Dwelling-house, in High-steet, with part of a garden abutting on Cresswell-street, aLso let to Mir Lockc, Dwellilnehoutse and Premises, in Frog-street, abutting on St. M~ars churchyard. and Dwelling-house and Premises, in Tower-hill, near liigh-street,bot6 held byMr. John Smnitha;TwolCoach-houses, w,ith yard and prentIs in Fi-g-street, extending back to the town wall, held by Mrs. Palsr: Two Dwelling-houses andL Premise,n South-parade, let to Mr. Lack, Dwelling-'house, Yard. and Premis, in the Norto% held by iFisi Richards ; and a P'lot of Accommoidaton L,and, held by Mr. Lock, Alt the foregoing property is let for Tarious terms, and the present Wae offers an unusually a'do opportunity for remunerative investments. Plarticulars and conditions of sale, with Planis of the farm and lots, wil he issued 21ldays p evious to the sale, and may be had at the lae of sae; at the Idon Hotel, Pembroke ; at the Nelson Hotel, Mlord; of James Summers, Esq., Haverfordwest; of T. L. Mfarriott, Esq., solicitor, 1, Lancaster-place, Strad; and at Mr. Lailfehid's offices, 62, Moorgate-street, London. Freehold Public-house, St. Marti'-ln,Charng-ross, M'JR. W. R. GLASIER is favourdwith instructions frmthe Exceutrix of the late HenryBlent Fue,n Req., to SELL by ACTIO, atGarrway', onTuesay.June 17, at 12 for 1, the capitalFREEHOD PUBLC-HOITE, No.30, St. Mairtin's-lane, ifreehold House and Shop, with extensiveliWorkshp n ad r Martin's-lalne, Charing-cross. Withpocsin 1~R. W. Rt. GLASIER Wil SELL by A'UOTION, Al a6t Garraway's, on Taesday. June 17, at 12 for 1, by direction of the Executrix of the late, Henr Bent Fumne,Es, the very desirble and substantially-builtFREEOLDHOUSE and SHOP, with extentsive workshops and yard. with side entrance, admirably adapted for carrying onbusinessrequiring roomyjpremises, No 35,Stislartin's.lanie, Charing-cross, In hand. And Possession will be given. May be viewed, and particulars had of Metessm. Brady and Son, solicitors, 1, Staple-inn, Holbiorn ; at Garmaway's ; and of the auctioneer, 41, Charing-cross. Wea~twjod, near Colchester, Easex,-Dcsiralmle Freehold Estate, with Mansion. M R. W. Rt. GLASIEI is favoured with instructions TIfrom the P'reprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at Garmnway's, on Tuesday, June 17, at 12 Yar 1, inL one lot Wmnes an acceptable off er is previously made by PriTate Contracg), the valuable FIEEHOLD ES,TATE, situate in the parishes of Great and Little Horkesley. in the county of Essex, known as Westwood, four miles from Colchester. from whence it isnwthintwo hours' ide by railof ndon. The manstun in in the Elisbethau style, and has within the last 15 yesers been considerably enlarged, regardless of expense, uncter the suer~intendence ofan emin3ent architect. It stands conveniently retre from thea road, from vaiich it is approached by serpentine carriage driTs, in its extensive lawns, gardens shrubberies, and.pleasure grounds, most delightfully disposed-, ana surroundedL by 64 acres of rich park-like pasture lands, the privacyof which is increased by the plantstIons partly belting the same. It contains large and well-proportioned reception rooms, noble staircase. ample chamber accommodation, prIri pal as well as sccondary. and the domestic arrangements aregood;theC1 out-bmuidings. are substantial, and accord with the house In Aidhitecturalcharacter: there are two four-stallstables and coachL-houses. La addition to the park, lands, there are also upwards of 41 acrs of good sudab Leeand,wihol n eteatbalifs cottae Fand hencesayfam buiig,together wdbistk toric-ul cotaes theaeW.D wholl,E containLn bAUCaTION2. Particuars,w with pln ofethe Juestate and 12iews, ofne milandion,ga beowhad ofe MSsr. Hanrrisoan FincdGh, soihteitors,o2, Gtraet,s-inn-square,Rv L hondn;atsh Three,asa Cu op C oiicnee; cariale Helaaead ;eiafsordhe aondeaetOreaays.de The, No ,esta ntepmay eviewedoby fard lonly wtiero , with pevee vprMn narticulars, a ehdo h utoer 41ao rwys:ndothautoer Charing-cross, Buaehldn L etmns.-tw, Pancrs. Al[. W. I.GLASIR isfvu re SE th by stAtCTION, by UTO,at Grrw's on Tufdy June 17 . at 12 for 1,in trenlos, lotiteceigtionoe LEASEHO ee, FOURttT comprisngth sRUbtNtialdbuildighknownianshedSt Paranea threen shithusiuae in wusob-uret,n 1%stoet e W zx loz to theRv heomas Dale, r ad small sopo acth eWothWo caitl wchlRage; .Also h onvePlnt ofFresienc, old.4,i C rescent-pac.Brthecrbove,bvntg producntgarena of £13 per,b annum,h and6 eeldb Blease, vifwMessrs. pashearst n hand Mof.rris,ersolcior, 6sq,soldciJer,y; atouarsquaways;,n Grf-the autioneer.y41. oth utoer41Charing-cross. Fareehold Gound Rentsl ofc £1 e nu.adPOtf F- preehol - -W I.Buldn Lad-Pttw Essex nu,equal tD a grCoul rnt.;~- MrESSRS. GAJSDEN, WINTERFLOOD and L ELLIS havo received instructions to SELLby AUCTIOle, at the Mart, on Friday, June 13, at 12, a small FREEHOLD ESTATE, known as the Bath-road Dairy, Dane-hill, Margate, comprising an exceUent dwelling-house, rmge of out-buildings, yard, andpaddock; tho whole occupying nearly an acre of ground, let on lease at the very inadequate rent of £ r annumn. lay be viewed. Particulars may be obtained at the York Hotel, Margate; of MTr. Goodale, Cecil-square, largate; of R. Pid-ock, sq, solicitor. Woolwich; at the Mart; and at lie3rssm Gadsden, W interitood, and E llis' officc, 18, Old Broad-st. Torrington-square and ICeppel-street, Russell-square.-Ellgible Lease, hold Property, for investment or occupation. 1ESSRS. GADSDEN, WINERLOOD, and T FLLI S have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION. at the AMart, On Friday. June 13, TWO verysu1mstantiaiy-bunitRESI- ENiCES and PREMISES, known an 63, Thrringtou-square, and 2, Keppel-street.Russell-squnareof the estimated value of ;16uper afinum, suitabl for oceupation or investment, held for64 years and 41 years respectively, at low ground rents. No. 63. Torrington-square, may be viewed by cards, which may be had at the auctioneer's officeS. Particuiarsmay be had at 2, KIeppel-street; of Messrs. Winter, Williams, and Co., solicitors, 16, Bedford-row; at the Mart: audat Messrs. Gadden, nimteriod, and Ellis's offces, 1s, Old Broad-street. city. Vau-sbleehol.d Esta attRipe, iu the county of Sussex.-By Mr. BU SY at etholite art Inn, in Leaves, inthe oounty of Sussex, on Tuesday, June27, at 3 intho afternoon, LL that desirable Freehold Farm,- situate about A seren miles from Lewes, six from Hailaiam, and threefrom the ernv-ick Station on the Brighton and Hastinca Raivway, in the parrishes of Ripe and Selmestou, within the Rape o' Pevensey, in the county of Sussex, coinpring 3isa. Or. rip, bothe same more or less, of excellent arable. meadow, and pasture land; together with all that very suPerior residence, belonging to the said farm, situate immediately opposits the church and parsonage, in the village of Ripe, and also thg farmbiidings, comprisingbarns, stable, cowhouse, cattle lodges, pigery, cart auwagou lodge, granary and cottages for labourer, and gardens, The above mnutioned farm andpremiseseaenow. and fornmany years past, have been in the occupation of Mir. William Holnden, q3 yearly tenant, at thevery low rent of £174. The tithes have been com. rmuted, and use land-tax redeemed. The estatew ill be sold subject to an annual payment of £51 12s. 9L during the Ufe of a lady aged S0 years in June next5 and also to an annuity of £100 during the life of a lay agedSI1 years in December next, The estate mnay be viewd on application tothe tenant, and plns5 and particulars of the property may be had at the Bristol Hfotel, Brighton;* or of the auctioneer, at Rusringion, or at his offices at L,ewes, A'rendel, and Worthing, of Messrs. Clark;e, Gray, sad Woodcock, solicitors, 20. I;inroln'sinn-sields, London; Mes3srs. Horuby. Tsowgood, and Tuke, solicitors, 31, St. 8vi ithia's-lane, Lonldon;* a3d of Messrs. Savery, Clark, and Plimsoll s I:citona BristcL Ydrkr-Ale. Ilegent's-park.--a-Pciturane fs MR. ANIOOIA is inistructed by the Es,etiftin ol the late J. Finder, MI4., to SELL byACO.onteP. mies 1. '-rkgae.Ru'spaIs erl i uly.the genune HOUSE. HOLD) FURBNITURIE aud PFECTS, chu-ina.glas books, and ab,nt 1,00 ouinces of p'late, &ix. Further particularswil appeas in future advertisements, and catalogues had of Messrs. Tuc'ker. Greville. and Tucker. solicitors, hi. SwIftiins-lane ; or iit the of_aces of Mr. An~csa S. John-street. Adelphzi. Advowson, near London. M R. ANTCONA is instructed, to SELL by A-UC- L eLtIN resrarlyn in Juy bautithe part oufes eeiusyslD b pRivt onrc A\TheN iDUsONo is ethedt ofEerOIfor byRME nearillare, onthesborders ofSugfylkreThblprishdthdppouuation areu bot holely iagicultuand The incumben inouhis 6to ear.u Ther a yar aommthed,ctumbonti20iacres7ofdyear. For furtherparticulars applyt 50AIr. Ancoun., aisreyror. 8.Jobn.-stret. Adelphb. exPrenAtiowon, i beautifull pitarte of HaNothrn on j~R ANCONIA is instructed toofefr SE LE bary ON aryi July, a h atuls the reviouRslyNTTbyIOzivte VIAtraGt . cloe tDOWO anexcllethmret town, i GorAThLernc ty Tibeauitl siatuetelln mboderniv esidne well Andaoted wfora mentemants distancTe ofariacheistr exeeInlbuy andreeablide, and T pplationo abu laO. shol agrcultral. he icome mounsitoabu co00 a year. and Th ineiubent s in is 73dyear. For further atclrsapyt Sir Anona, srveyo. 8, Jhn-steetAdelpphi -1][R. ANCON is instructed b toe S-eLL,terlyo - the l at thJ. r aunes previously sold by Priateo J Xn,thet. h L AS VWONoEheHCO R.Y orkgt 4I1AegeYt prailony stton. the siutinismst hath,andl soffru eclln soiety. Ith churchn is prpo amrbed rearhndteei aftood lchol York gate, Regent's-park.-Verydesmrble Leasehold Residence letho Osesasen. jIJ . ANCONA is instructed by the Executors ofth -t-_ lateJS. Finder, Esq., to SELL, at the Mart, on the - day of July, the LERASEHOLD RESIDEN, No.14, York-gate, Regent'spark, onveroyhems desirable hous esidne ind tohismcht immeditafter locality a b rrne. It contains well-proportioned drawin-om,dna om n ro,di'gTs,adlibrary, tw-o floors of bed roombes, and suiaiuoeti fie.the abousoeistwellfhuilt.o Thaehomeellevtion,ian wever adapterdoagen-eo tfamily,a'sdamiy.Itosmltandiglevasetio s.TsBet. Itsheldaf£130anyear an shl o nuexpired ternm of about 65 years at a ground rent of X0pranm My bernun feabviewedhydfute partiulnaziob htaaendnon aptind fur theri paTiuaers Gbtainedofd aeesa ukr, sGctrsvirle. Swtbndslcne, colt to,StSitil-a;orat the offices of M.r. Ancona, 8, John-sre,AlpL street, Adsiphi.Cngaand JT. LNCOIN beis touitfdrmi the Epubectorato the .WaYs laotier3. oide, De. tmvi-owSEL, atd the Het,onute3 Stayliog aund Thec, o.5,6 n 7ESItL) EIDNE,ge elNoad, YoK-galae, oItenels pOTSOLk, thryeibefAmucteide, nTore,sndfas,rn whic immdiate ps0no prepared may sIthesarrned.y pivt contains tellproprtiuasone J. drawin rooms, dining soliiomr. SDandlibrary,stwdors of bed chambJ.Lers,nd austNO.le domaestcont-ces.rThe, houenisnrepletGenwitheeyco,eine fo afml- nDd oFurcommandwoingelevtione Pand tl.Itiedfortan, n- ex-pireteram of about4vear o ia gerounday J-ute of1 0 eanm May be viewd andlfURter 'dtuugrsoba ined o p,lctot couceses. Tckrers. twGrevi,andTucker, poialofs t wln'-aeo road, Kingeland.3nlder M ESSS. EERSbeLDnfr the pHbRNc that toe aR ouAeelLI VILLA t Nos.M 1,2, by,5 and 10,. oe Moeayv,s Villas, aot 1mefr-3 roideiey thevlaublrton and AThERIoues,Softabhng and Gounf fieors.5 The sande7 wgll eheld-radt theained-rAd, wr NOWeL aos-trethe AuoctdionlnThrdyatyJa, andth aeihsabpevionolw tbewed. Catal olicitor b0e hadsof bhe3l-soeet;san of, Parl. . t-skre auc tione road staehl agnd it, 0,ruccepebry.-VlalNwMtra No,IS Clremont-errace, I?etoileaGndt wel-maE House ~tsld nrntur. To fne-onePPinofrtes,-andaEffects as above. on Wed esday, June 18, t , tspeio couCaches,crpets twodbrilin-on v edkt panoforthers.by-emnent makes,~ mahoganye For-phoed tau and Grbinoedteds, freinch dttto beds and Bmad uning.n heiusua berredambrtapendages,hapitashowell brtbath, isalurableinew cmaterios, tob reoved ofro the Greennw banda th-de LI. anOuNc thAtWhe SONw SELL by AUCTION, o ody Jn0,at th10at fonf preisely,ath vauabe NEW Mt1,santtEoIan ofrter otemp h orrbuligerceintaepak,n couneiof wit Thnero lT. disla of fieorks Thauersat nwile hedaihnKn' rs WhditHorse-astree, statdingy angonds themameteral mayh boe preiously vewed.r Catdaliogues toes witha ofnservautioners, a0. Parditlamentaperet Primrd y ose-il anduictoral-s carktaluatalngewn Mat-fierials, s mLus.o Saes byhAUCiON,eo Thaes Preises, Primeros-hl,utl andsumsWt andtorasparll thehar-gremen ts neesr for 2,o Tuesd-cassy, Juei0.the compaTctIAA and FI ubtatiNSy-ofth trempold eresiectikonswse as Acounelodgethth late dh huisplays of oi fiewrs;ompriEsmg.a learged Itusantsity ofs excellent1-inchthoarding,hnuerousin principalds,brafters qut Larterng whol timberk upraiiebte doors, sasespaslytheea arais,an dothrusefoach-materials.r-staUstaviewe,and catalboxusbadlgonoth pedremises and ofther actoneeees,.0 Pariaentstreetoni hestminsther In Chanery.-" ivandberson v.rBdesetand drthers.-iunbhueprkHuse,a vauaberu Ftreehold, Manseiongi an Groutnds,yacin thoe.Thames, a lasunuy wil odiddtsionn3ars of lmashtly end halsof8F.ehl W.uDtingu COBnoz at uniaghielcl,Br, neaitr ;tthehurchiandhaell; an shot mrid is napproaifInd omlein, aund one offthe, statibons ghillbe near thi estate.l,an igo-o-hms MR. JOHN DAWSON will SELiL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday, June IS It, at El prsan toatanordra; oFRtEEHigh Court ofmCwnceas mtadbe in a Icause o sBndgton. vnd modious mansion,gstanding inngrounds ofra wmeltoced witrsoen pricelyd cedar andic vlioustremes,owit onservatorye andpgaranen, withgapdoely manson acestherivr Thmes wih a heefulatindo the yaoptsi and as ll he rsagemntsnecssay fr afirt-classdt faiy, oft som 15aces f rchmeaowend7 are ofrblehand. of lsosr comactbl auldndgveryoubtntialleuy-buiut feehol residenc, known a AscotLog.lt the,Mr o huntng-oxofuon Bishop1, iaq. lot:easeFOU ItsAndES in LTo owLgoNDs, sqaltudde ld,t desryabln Etraee and burnd dogubloe oahhouse,vafu-teall,,sutableyandRlosa o,saddey groom'sig bed rom, nd oter cnveninces Thesitato bish craeerlc, vthe sceeryxtesv an beutful ries nd riosun the greatn paLerfad numeousattrctins, sdringit mothenoyalewabode.rParticu-t lars, with conditions ofalal may shortybhaofFW.olay b O, Lncol's-In-fieds, oilctor; t Th lAucionoMrt; and ath led John Dason's lnd and uction f nd,e ,M lrbbor ugh-hambass 4 rheDesiable,an Kingsthon-Fon-haes. fte aer Jms abehol ollauwth Galden, Orchard,roh AndminPtaddoc vperydeliht full siuat, o a ealhy lev TION, bewe aig to Ithea Gta- tLinonands Fintger headr,o tharmornhngro~ ad. ,ai thr3ui SELT,JO ND WO wilSL by AUCINItJh om,1 l od-tINe, o athMatonWednesday. June 1t1fr2 Dad th FIFTY, ate12 Tatd ecorabl FndEEHOLD VILLA,t mknown also atsuperiryhiug.Cer inga iona stand ingT in itwngoMunds, conAistingr dofublelln stocked garen. OrHards, andy Erich utile meadoweetiest of Ma-lessperancehvery hanidsComelyf timfered, band sloinge tow ardyh srout and west,gcon sistin ofamor lohan six acrs bone ythe tum,r1 OdBnpikteroa tor Leatherhadctander eoeforkig bu twoar milneG tesfrm therinAutlon Statio,o the Souththod articulars,wit cnditions, of saeway e-had dwr Flr E. 59. Raio-ARden, isollaoureda wthe insAuctionsMr; n ilk ,tTe Mrt,on edneday Jue 1 ao1n ienlots,y FOxtR roadfromHampon t Sunury.The ubsolsatebrightravel, with deligtfulwater theview f th Thams ancoutry heyondthsoeeru andintretin, ad bou oe mle ro th ralwytrmnus at Teesrabl erasehldroprtg o the laterusJhes% Shppa. fo ED. VAU willf SEL byIAU ION at tAeCTIO-, ga.te-it,hoauet-sreze. t and )rayott-rerr.Bace, Charles-streewt, out- Hey-steeh,oad Earl-sturee, Sloav Pane-strte,t Parinuar ofW. Dayj, Glass, 1, Qeenstret, ayfir;and of M.Pule utine,t1,Slae street.r"re, losbr,onWdesa.JieI iaonofedrteas, aingerxOrgans, Harin.inonmgears and other wausicals day Caalouesad nts favouresado with insLtructionseto audval~r,65,Gret Rsselat Teet Itooms, 21.Ol odtre,n 'ehan rckIesdPAOF TeSo yBdoaapitdl Cllard,n Womum, clSoBrOadbrdge stoys; mHarnothme byetfoleRandway dttoubl and singe actihon Harsln, by orderd of:ben the ncuos ftire satoc of Mesrs. hamaadeor.o OfRd. May noiviewedTh dayErio and mornIngONsle Cataloue hadU atnth rooms,o21, old Tuond-streete 17ro 2 the rauctiner, ampton-row, New-rad,aEdgeware-road to sbmitby ACTIO, athis rast,onmednesnda nouext, CAR Eil nd GLDEI; cnsisingf brlliat parnehimndy coni.sole, pier,nd eher ookig-glsses,giltgiradooeld u tgheratithaoe 3iR. ICHADWICK will SELL by AUCTION, wa',oMusdyauy8ttipeiey i n o.b o. der of Mortgagee, the valuable brick-built LEASEHOLD) ESTATE crrmprisng a double-fronted corner shop and dwellinig-house, let fo £10 rer annum, situate in College-street, Chelsea: an extensire mane-. facory prmiss,yar, ad-delinghoue, etfor £40 per annum, in Ltaughastont djiig and Lee,Ss.Avlabnea privated dstaelln-ofuse,a2d, ofMarcamsreet Chelsea,o let Aatb£ler Lannum athea wholetinahld oner long Vlease pRosduncin at renaug of5 pe annum,bat Warlw grounYad rn, freedoflau Staxln. Patwoiculas aof preparting, andomaybe hand in dexe1 time Famtlthesioices of C. e Cuff. Lewe,zolictor 82s1 CHARtnsLanTIof MatheSare.Le andel Leaso, onrTesam-tre, city;1 atGarralay'a andt oftherautoninfieer Sots. Lartinslae ha -cos L IAuTonadLws usxvaluable FreoclEtaeehkold EstLatofupwards rofd l0eacresfof Leadow and HrastieLnd,; wopithasubtntiall modernsb stad,tialybult illa and abouti21a ofr. odncofvproductie nea dowanede amlentlandilyResideue contains four bed rooBmes,tositting}room atdal necestary dote,mses,i onfcs TheropertJuy 1, state3oclc in t heg yHet vsqearl oable Freetyold Sustex, kxnownes fro ughtwson . ill for BrGlceisrtFarm,y Situateonea The neilge anhod tburnpik roTadaleading fromg Loertoeenastings;tomrisin auIr moder Osubs-tantial bito vill and aboeut of 225p ofet productive meadowng lando stabed- loand The housecntainzoso fourbedhooms, a twor suitting roms picturesqu parofucthve county of rihPstussex cri mLesd.fromntwsamnd abour fa rom ajom the Gndalwayt Sotato. Lth neghorho a-uDrPeeO ibou . wisthugae, Broand,fadjoindsg ahe lest int and adjoinn loti2. LoutS.in AvaladeneWlsonartnling btweestng Mailing-steet anoms, rier ue,S doextening toffthes navedingablento. 2ee.wth stabling, adbas-o.eThlargeI waurlled-i cal yitard, cont tomiing-hosetwrehuet, Cande other ' buidig lots 3.nA pronductivensec of rich Pasture brokaad. c~ rvontining aot' la s donn tels o.Lt4.AsmlrPeeo ric Featsm BainrokLu, Iadjinnmterat o and alsoiitr, 4 ledotd 2v, containin aout Mear. LotSnE.Th iatm erst ecllentsan subst anantialy-b iltFehlda domesicim Lowfies. wal-ed-s garoden, tabingn, andtcas-oue ThretRaseni L ncellnshlsre; of Me3sss (lharlton, auctioneers. surveyors, and estate agents, Tunrindge; orat t-he Auction Mart, London. DOD i istucec tSE L -vAUCTION. SVYttiMe Mfart. onWedneday, June 18 at 12. a zI%-r,omed WELLNG-HUSIfand PREMISES, 18, zIizabeth-.steLt, ChristOhub. bese, eld onlewfor a term of .%63as fyom Chxisisna, C1853, at a ground rent Of £3 Its. Per annuro. ImunediAte posse:siont begiVn. PaLiculnanconditions ofsae maybe h;adof j..3). Eimr s. Datr .Friasit at the ,mat; and of M1r. Dodd, surveyor, &c., 1% New Broad-straeet City. 1~jTR DOD baareceivedl instructions to SELAL bygend, hea Mora n ermudrteC.oaino h rnt ad street, city. Islington and Ws m SedCphodadIVodPopris 1iR. DODD is instructed to SELL by AlUC IoI4 iNk at the Mart, on Wednesday-. June 1d, TWO3 LFASEaOE DWEIEG-HOUSES and PREMISES XO,. Sand 7, Caj-s-treet. IsILogton, and Two Dwellinghouses and' Premises, Nu&t. land , adjoining, copyhold of the manor of Canonbury; the Whole let tii yearly tenants at rentals amountingt to £1I43 per annum. Also Leasehold Premise,-- 65. St. John-street,1 West Smithfield; let to Mr. Cawley, at a, rental ol £35, held under MacdEen College. for an unexpired term of 35 3-ers, at a gronod rent of 13s. per oannm,. Partcicuars may be had of Meassrs Graham and Son. aoUliitoes Abingdon; at the M%art; and ofMr. Docdd, uTveyor,k., .16, NewlBrssd-sircet,cit,y.. - Oatland's-park. ab~out one nlefrom the Walton Station on the-South. Western Railway. 50 aocres of Freehold Glround, with four acres; of Ornamental Water, In the muesipicturesque part of 0at3aud`s-,par2k- couamnandingz extensive and delightful Thews of the suirroundling eolurtry, offErn a ite seldom eqiualed for a mausion or vi&La. B. 1ELD6ODD instructed by the M~ortgagopq to ikSELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wedneiday, Jtune1IS, at 12, in one lot, 20 acrea of LAND, situate in Oatland-ar, hvn frontages on the south and west to OsLtland's Drive and Vale, both exceIllent roads, and skirted on. the north by the Broadwater L,ake, about four aocres of whirch belon to theproperty. The south portion of the Cund is cultirated as garen, the north part is Vark-lilke, and divided. ni the gardron by a plantation or omnamental timber and shorulbs, F'rom the elerated portion of the land, which slopes to the lake, there are extenasive stews, of the surroundint oouLntry and river Thames and the vWhole is beautifully timboered with codars and purple beeches of large growth, Scotch firs, and other chioice treoe; there is also aix orna. I mentalmrin of a omanutemple. As asite for armansion or villas thin I= rtcannotbe sur~; the dryness of the soil, supply ot water, I utyof the scner3-, aCo from town, and railway accmmodating combine to render it peculiarly eligible, confirmod by the increase of buildng ofaspro tssnh oaiy aybe viewed by appliestion, toMr Cousins onx the Property, and particulars and conditious of salet with plans,'may be had at the principal inns at Walton and, eyrdeof Messrs. Brutton and Voss, Town-bail,. Bethual-green ; tteatand of Mrt. Dodd, surveyor. &Ac,. IG. New Broadstotelty. St. Neoo's, Hountingdonabire. A,3BOTTWI is instructed tG SELL by AUTOTO.at the Cros Key-s Inn, St. Neot's. oni Th7rsday, June12, about 6in the eTening, in twolots, (under adeedof arrangemneut for the beniefit of the creditors of Mdr. George Squire,) all that very valuable FREEHOLD PROPERTY, situate in Ihurch-street St. Keot's, on the banks of a branchi stream. from the river Ouase, anR within one mile of the station on the Great Northern Rfliwy upo which, within the last 20 years upwards of £l0.000 hare been expended in the erection of steam millls, for the manuractuire of flour, sawing timber, stowage of 12.000 quarters of corn, anrd the formation of the most complete and mnercantile premises counting-house, anid clerk's house, together with the new patent boiler of 30-horse power, consuming only 84 lb. of coals per hour, and the steam engine of 20)-burro power, with important recent improvements, machinery, millstones, vertical anrd ircular saw frames, tables, and all the going gear, tackle. and straps for completely developing their utmost powrer and perfoctinog the sevrl works from deliTertin in to delivering out ; withi immeIdiate possesslion Also thae life intereat of Mr. George Squire (agedl "5 in the adjoining premises comprising a mnost coDmplete modern rsal. dene, ittd p wth ves- onvniece ora family, with a private gardn ad geenhoue. Te popety illbe described in detalU in prited *cnars wih ondtios o sae,which may be had of Mesrs.Parer.Rooe, nd arkr, oliitos,17, Bedford-row; of 1' W Puey,Ese, 7, Mak-lne:f M. Eery Bodger, Soutihil of hf, Ewad Suie,Cros-all S. Nots:an of SIr. Abbott, 2W. Bedordros, rays-in, ndEyosbuy, t.Neot's, Hunts, Church-street, St. Neot's. 1 AB.ABOTT is instructed to SELL by AUJCTION~, ,'unrmder a cdof arrangement, for thebenefit of the creditors, ont the premises of M1r. George Sqir, on Friday and Baturday the 11th andI14th of June. 155. atll0o'lcaprecisely.selithe modern HOUSEIHOLD FU'rNITUnE, library of bcooksa, pictures, plate, linen, china, glass,.and earthenware, wines perry, cyder, bottled ales and-porter, sue barrels of ale, brewing utenils, casks, and.numernns other effects. Batalogoes may be bat on the premises, and of 3Mr. Abbott, 2G, liedford-row, Gray's-inn, and Ernesbury, St. Xeot's,lluata, or by enclosing one postage stamp,. by post. No. 25, Norland-squawe, Natthog-hill,-urrtur,Ctae i tre a few Paintings, Prints, and Efbects. lR.FREDERICK A.. M1ULLETT will SELL by AU CTON con the Premises, on Tuesday, the 10th inst., aLt 10_ -the EU NITRiLR including the usul bed chamber appendages, dTawing and dinig room appointments, china, glass, and effeeta, May be viewed the day prior, and caktalognes had; also at the auctione-er's offices, in Albion-place. Hyde-rk-squars. No. 24. Sussex-place. Overlooking the Regent's-part. lIR. ALFRED COX Nsill SELLt, at tile Mart, on Jj June 11 (or ipreviously), the e=cellent RESIDENCE and 13TABLING, lately Occupied by T. G. Lockhart, REsq., deceased, delialht-. fully situste, and in tho-rough repair; held for an unexpired term of 65 years. at a reserved rent, and available for occupationL Or investment. May be viewed, and paLrticulars had of Henr-y Sander, Esq., solicitor. Doctors'-commons, at the Mart - and of the auctioneer. 04 New Boadstreet, or 2Z Upper 1baler-itreet. RKyde, Isgle of Wigbt.-By Mr. ED)WARD M1ARVIN, at Sivier's Hotel. hlyde, on Thursday, the 12th day of Juane, at 3 o'clock. rPHE very valuable Property, kznown as M1ount ,L Rous-, a handsome detached family residence, situate in a fine elevated part of Rtyde, conmmandin; extensive sen views, containing aloe bed rooms, dresing room, dining and drawing rooms, library, breskfast parlour. with uausually cormplete domestic officesg -a fourstall stable, coach-house, with coachman's zooms and lofts cover, dlower gardn, awnandterrce alk, fnninaltgeteraost convenient andcomortbl ae-el4 esiencforlage amiy.The tenure in leaehod fr 20 yars suiec to£10per anumu ground rent. [Paticlas my e hd a te htes a Rye,Cows,Portsmouth, and Renailsoiciors 10 Licol's-nn;of esss. aobb surveyorsand. Sale Postponed from June 3d and 4th to June 10th and lihu-To Government Contractor and oatbems-ritock, Plant, and Imple' maentt in Trade of Mr. Carilae, contractor. MR. PEAXE, is ordered peremptorily to SELL by CIN, on the Premises, ItermondseyNew-road. on Tuesday and We dnesday, June 10 and 1. st, 12 each day, 'without the least reev,the several contract under the Comm!VAlcnersof Sewrers. Itc., being completed, alarge quantity of DRAIN PIPES,douhle and single junctions, elbows, Am,; 10,000 feet elm board, about 12,O00 struts, a qunttyofspero litpms and other gearing ; six capital buider' cat,avatosn fee 'walnut tree veneers. dry Planks. boards, sand battens; and 700.0D stork bricks lying at Burgess-hill;. stone, wroughot andcast iron anvils A.-i all userda of 50D lots. May be hewedconthe 0th ad monn f sale, and cataiogues obtained At Mr. Peake's odioes, 4s, Tool1ey-st.r=e.1outhwarl. ODld Rent-road.-YYFeelhold Ground Rents, aLmouting to £246 S. Od. per aonnum. aridngfrm 66 Houses. atHatcliam New-town. lIAR V.3 CO LIER his received directions froM XLL the Mortgagees,to SELLIb&AUCTION at the Mart, on Tuseo, day, July8.at 12,in I9Iots, FREE OLGItOl5NDRENTS,sanount,. [iog to216 5s. 6d. per annum, secured upon 60 smaill dwelling-house and Premi-ses,ushtatin Hatcbam-atreet, Cross-sircet,and Ratcharnroad, Old Kentr-road. The property Is of recent erection, and let ott leasses, for terms kaving about So years to run. The grotundreutas averag abount £3 e, per house, and the property will beso-ld in lots accordngto thsleatses. Particulaors may shortly be obtained of Messrs Bridges,Mason,sandRekid e.solicitors,23, IedLIon-square, Holborm; at the art; andof3 Mr. F. J. Colier, 5,Moorgate-street. bliddlesex.-Very valuable Meadow Land, Pinner, near Harrow-on the-11ill.on theNorib-Westems Railway, abonfl2miles fromLoncdot with immedfiate posseion, MESSRS. SEDGWICKandSONT bavebs,enfavoured .Lwitbh instrutiouo from the P~roprietor to SELL boyAUCTIOS,. at the .0art, on Friday.JJuly25, at 12. in one lot,%ut l00 ACRtES or ver a sperior FREEHODa and COPYHOLD) MEA OW LAND, inL ex-cerilsot condition, most desira'bly situate, between Pinner and Harrow. May be viewed 21 days prior to sale (Sundays excoepted), when particulars, vith plans anonexeid, may be bad at the King's ?tead. Harrow; Queen's Head, Pinner;, Red Lion, Southall, And Barnet; WVhite Hart. Edewaro; AbercomnArmz, Staumore: Rote an& Crown, Watford; Swan, Rick:mersworth; White Horse, CIObridgo, at thet Mart, and of Messrs. SedgwickamdSon, land andtimbter sureyor and estate agents, WooUdaid Lodge, noear Watford,Hers,anud at=tr farms at Keunton-bridge and Croxley-hilt. No. 8, Adelaide-road north. St. Johi's-wood.-Modemn Furniture of superior manufacture, a 61-octave Horizontal Grand Pianoforte by Brodwod, oule-ctin by ERard, 5 doen ofline old Port, Maldeira, audRh-eniah Wines, afew choiceraintingsandPlrmnte, and venues lEffeCtS. SSRS. BELTONq are instructed to SELL by 3EUCTION, on %be Premises on Mionday, June I16, atfl1for 12 Precisely, alitbe modern PUIJHITUIIE : comprising mahogany four. poet. French. andiron bedsteads, noes feather beds bedding, and the usualappendsges of a Principa ainAsgm secondary cbambers, aroeewoodi draingroo sute,set ofdinng abls,14 dining room chairs, wined nd thr bokcses atiqe cbint,large chimney glasses, Tur~-e. Busels an ohercaret an rus,china and glass, table andbedlinn,100ounes f lat, 10 rInof books, Le. Mtay he viewd te Sturay revous nd ornng f sle,and catalogues ob- On Viow-Moderm Furniture, Cabinet, Cottage. and Piccolo Piano,- fortes, Proof Engravings after landseer, Wilkie, and others; Plate& Arti1cles, 200 volumes of Books, Table and Bracket Clocks, Plaster Busts and Pedestals. Scagliola Colunmns,nd otherEffects; removed from the Harrowr-road. MR. ROBERT REIED wil SELL, at his RLooms. Great Marlhnrong-Stret On Monday, Junie 9. at 11 for 12 po clsely, FURNITURE, cegrprisig marqueteie, roscwood and walnt IDD. card, occasonal fancy, and other tables, sets of chairs, dIinin tables, dinner waggon sidenoards,Spsnish mahogany winge bookcase ditto, measumgrigespectively 2Dft. blft.2in., andl3ft.4in.by9ft.. French and Arablan bedsteads wlit hagns bdig inged and other wawdrobes, chests of drawers dressing tables. chev'al and toilet; glasses, baslnstands, kitchen requisites; a collection of engravings, incluading War and Plesos, Bolton Abbey, Otter Hunit, Shoeing, Ac.:1 and numerous other effects. May be viewed. Catalogues may b)e hiad. No. 7, Gra! t6n-str-eet.' B3erkeley-square.-Well-manufactured House.- held Furniture, Chimney, Pier, and Console Glasses, elegant Parisian Time-pieces valuable OR1 Paintings China, Glass, and other Effecta. RII. ASRBER wil SELL by AUCTION, on Wed- MiN. mesday. June12, and following day, at 12 prec,isely, con of te epirtio orthe lease,J the whole of the weil-mae HOUSEBDLI) FtiRNonTI'tlE : comprisie mahogany fourpr and iror. bodstead, aital beds and bed=dinz, excellent catbinet camber f urns. tare in wrobes, chests of drawers cbeval and dressing glasses. rmable-top wash-stands and ltables, easy chairs, and conches. The, drawin rooms, boudoir, andbreakfast room contain sites of greent sil taart wandow curtains, couches, settees, ottomans, and easy chairs, ovTered en 'ute, cia i. and console glasses, with tables. two eight-lighat cust-gla chndelier's, acwood loo and occasonal tables, elegant Parislin time-pieces a6nd candelabra, cabinets wittt Tmable tops, satinwoodcylinder-front vriting table, china anduumoroesornaentl itms,The dinin'ro furniture inrlnaee Spanishi n.ahogany set of dining tables,dsideoard, dinner woggons, chairs in cr orocoo leather, easy chairs, sets of moroen winkdow curtains, vaLluable o1lpaintinas, c. In the library are mahocanpodedot.t hirary tbles,, v ineboksn iletsefitto gof e domnestic offices,andother effects. Maybe viewed two days previous. Catalogaes may be obtained on the premises; end at the otfices of the auctioneer, I, Mount-street, Berk-eley-square 'Folkestonel. Rent.-Sea-side Redidenoes.-Absolute Sae. R. T M~ACLEOD bas received instructions to M ~ atthe Aarction Mar't, on Fr-iday. tIre 13th day of June Containing 10 rooms, boOWn as MariEflo Villa. with the gardens, lawn,. fish-Pond, coach-house, stables offices, and buildings occised therewiith. situaLte in its own grounds, int that improving and favrourta Waterin-place, Folkestoiae. about two miinutes walk from the ltailwey Station, and a convenientdistane from the Harbour. The situation commands the coast of France, sea and lad view-s, and the liremiaes are adapted for a fsuinly of the highest respectability; also .Mairteoterrace, cousistingof fivewell-built private reeiduncetuate InDoverroad,each house containing eight rooms. gardens baeLc and, front, and replete with every conrenenneo suitable for private families also Martello Tavern, possessing every requirment for an extensivebuie, and nowin full trade, most elgble oopportunity for investment.Tenure 00 earsfrom Septembier. 1645. Grounureat £30. The whole will besoldinoneorcTvenditinctlot,vi7, lot l,theVilla; lots2, ,4, and 6, the Terrace ndlot 7,the Tavern Pertofthe purchasemone lovidon, on the prmss niuladdsritv rnesaiclr the auctioneer, 9, Caunon-streetweet, city, LonIdon, tr, n St. Briarers, GlOce-trshira.-Freebold House and Gardens, with 17 Acres of Land attaChe . ,eESSRS. GELLETLY and Co. have received in- structions from the owner to offer for SAL, at Gaoraway's, on Tue-e. Junie 10 (unles an acceptable offer is eviouslt made), a valuable FREEEHOLD. camprsighouead 'e.ih1 arso pWictr and amable land, inrrgscutmatusitatdge winthe 17acres of t 11u3. inthe ou ndo , five ol from a ryn ieh St.n on the South Walets and Great Western Riway, about midway between the toAns Of Monmouth and Chepstow, about four mnes froan Abbey oa the bnks Of the W.ne. and 1e mile fromz the village and pari church. The market town of Solford being within five miles. The rsideceO is a compact detached h e the frontage, in cludint the Wings, is 74 feet, and comprises elegt entrance hall (lft. long), two reception rooms (one 23 ft.by15). two kitchenu, dairy, PAntry. adc-,ltara (all on Oo eloor) four beat bed rooms and closet (on th' second nloor), and all very lofty. two smaller bo rooms and separatc stairs, stables coach-ouse, sand man-searvat's room, cood *beds, pi g- geries and suitable out-buiia s. laegewailed.Ingarden. The entateis tthe-ree nd lnd-tx ~ei Te land fronra the roast antI adjons he mnsin. he bildngs re f sone, and have, been. 5T5t~dwitin he asteigt yars Threis an abundant supply Of goodwatr Iinnng loseto he ous, wichstands on an. elevation. and hs ad* viw an sceery,incldingthat of the iron bridge
