DEATHS. On the 1lth inst.. athis house inAlverton-street,regretted yall who knew hiim, Mr. Richard Gann. of Penzance. CornwaLL _ On rnursday. the 17th inst.. at the Rectory, Redruth, in the county ef Cornwall. the Rev. John 'Webster Hawskley. SL.A., aged 83. for 64 years rector of Knottinz and Sou'drop, and for27 years rector of Turvey, both in th! county of Bedforc. On the 15th inst., at 7. M orniugton-place, Camberwell New-road, Mlr. G. Eenmmerde, in the 56th year of his age. On the 19th inst., at Peartree, nearfSouthaMDton, MaLryAsm Hesketh late of Grove-street, Liverpool, in her 64th year. On the 19th inst., at Theme, Yorkshire, in his SSd year, the Rev. Eric tuidd, incument of Thorne and vicar of Appleby, Lincobishire. On Sati-rday last, at llilton-next-Gravesend, Daniel Branburg, Esq., azed 5t. second and last surviving son of the late G. Brauburg, Esq.. of Islisgton-green. and nazty years in the bank of Barclay, Bevan, and Co., Lombaru street, deservedly respected. On Sunday, the 20th inst., Charles Arbouin, Rseq., aged 70, On the 20th inst., suddenly, aged 33, 3r . John Strong, of SkinnerEtreet, YNew-road, ironmonger. On the 20th inst., after manyyears' affliction, Mr. John 111. White. in the 65th year of his age, late of Northampton-terrmce, City-road. On the 21st inst., at his residence, Park Cottage, St. Paul's-road, Istington, Mr. James Bewie'ke, after a long iLness, in the 67th year of hixs age. On the 21st in-st.. at Eamburg, James Davenport, Req., merchant, 3ged 61, esteemed and regretted by ah who knew him. On the 21s' inst., at 46, Weymouth-street, Portland-place, hI Kermard Smith, in her 50th year. On the 21st inst., at Saudgate. after a short illness, Fnrnces, fourth claughter of the late Thomas Papillon, REq.. of Acrise-place, Kent. On the 21st inst., at Kerry, Moutgoneryshire, Frances Mary Anne, the beloved wife of the Rev. Alfred Hensley, and eldest dauzhter of the Rev. 7W. Morgan, vicar of that parish, aged 26. On the 2Lst ma-, at the residence of his son-in-law, George Moorsom, REq., Thomas Gil Esq., aged S4, for upwards of 20 years Chairman of the Committee of Miechanics in the Socletyof Arts. On the 21st inst., at Southampton, of acute inflammation of the throat and trachea, PhiliD Bamilton Broke, aged four years and five months. the only son of the late C3ptain Charles Acton Broke, of the Royal Engineers. On the 2'I inst.. after four d3y' iMness, at Tunbridge-wells, Caroline, the wife of Ir. Edmund Nye. aged4. On the 22d inst., at Hastings, Susannab, widow of Jeremiah Cochi7-e, REq., in her 71st year. At midnight on T3esday, the 27d inst., Frances Elizabeth, thebeloved and affectionate vwife of Sr. George Edward Mackreth, Canno^n-stret, city, in the 36th year of her age. On the 22d inst., at her residence, No. 6, Lambeth-terrace, Mrs. Ihry 7Ann Gill, aged g6, much regretted. On the 22d inst.. at High-street, Deptford, Mr. John Ashford, jun., auctioneer, he., aged;3L'
B OARD and RESIDENCE-a large double-bedded rooea. or a single one for brothes or friends. or a gentleman and his avife. They wl meet with a comfortable home ana good society. Tfrms very moderate. and within five minutes' walk of the Eyre Axms. A ddress A. R. 1. St. Ann's-terrace, Acacia-road, St. Joh's-wood. BOAR]D and RESIDENCE are OFFERED, for the snmmer months, or longer if desiratle, to a lady or two eistel, in asmall genteel fiamily,without children, in a pretty seaport town in Corwall. Terms very moderate. The highest referenceswil ,e giren and required. Addres to A. B., post-office. Peckham, Surrey. BOARD, &c.,St. James's-prk, at 14, James-street, Buc' i sgam.talace, coTmmn g an unobstructed view of the park. ThI establishment is conducted on a wale Ef liberality, and is unequalled by any in London for its superior and healthy situation, and moderate charges. OARD and lCESIDBNCE.-Fainily -Boardmng hue,a,Weitbourue-temIace,Hyd.-erysrurerior appointed residence,- in iis desirable locality, duinug the preaent reson. A.ddress, if bylet-ter, to A. A. BOARD and APA TMENTS S with'sablirsfor or5 wratesiculart s o the winonews anf the &e ubbc LI6TS of tb ADV32 EI3II!G H1ALL, S. Fore-streeS. city; established 184, 0- er gentlemen and families requiin such accommodation are supplied with Lntableistsfree Subtin.Tosa permonth,bores,perqua ' OARD.-WA?ITED, by a gentleman, of very quiet .LN habits. and one wrho will give but little trouble to a familyv BOARD and APATMiENT S. withatabling for a horse if reeuired, 10 or 15 miles out of towvn, on one of the lines of railwray terminating at the London-brld4e StatIon To save trouble, none need apoly unka the house and situation be good and healthy, and the falyFof ^eat respectability. Particulars to be addressed to 1, G no, Paddington. Terms need not be statd t T)OARD and RESIDENCE, GuZildford-street, Rus- J)sell-aquare.-Gentiemen seeking a comfortable home canibe ao. co numodatd with PARTIAL EABO D and LODGING, inclnding breaafst, tea, or supper, dinner on wSundays. with use of sitting roomns, at a moderate charge, where only a limited Uniber of boarders are taken, lThefamily small, andso children. There are at preent vacancies for three. References can be given to gentlemen vho hare been residing with thefailfor some time, Fo;r cards of addrssapply a' G. J, Palmer's public lbrary, 27, Lab's Conduit-street, Russell-square. DQOARD and RESIDENCE.-A lady, having a hand. some house, surrounded by extensie pleasure garden, wishes in receive a married couple, or one or two ladies and gentemen, toreside with her. The number limited to zix. The home she superior style, the house being elegantly furnished, the bed rooms large and airy, with t use of three sitting rooms ensuite. Terms for a marriecouple, £3 Is, for a single person. £1 115. v(i The house is situate in the best parlof Stocksell Surrey, three miles from town. Omnibuses every five minutes from the vest end and city. Addresm or apply to F. D. ., Buls library Hollessreet. Cavendish-square. ]!OULOGNE.-Mrs. LEA, 12, rue de rEeU, takes _ BOARDERS until Juno at 14s. tol2s per week, and per day 2s, 6d. to 4s. A reduction to families, according to their number Servants and children half-price, IARIS.-ENGLISH BOARD and RESIDENCE, a inthe most central and fashionable qusrter-lise LYON, 9, rue de Grammoat. Boulevard des Italiens. rJMl URLOE-SQ JARE.-A widow lady wisbes to re- ceive one or two 'diestoBOAtIb and RESIDE with her, or the drawing rooms could be had as separate apartments if preferred. Terms moderate. Apply at 55. Thurloe-square. DALSTON.-A widow lady, having a larger house than sherequires wishes to receive a single gentleman asPAR.- TALE BOARDER. lTe house is Terygenteeily situate, with a nice garden. Address T. P., post-office, 4. Queens-rowv, Palston. DARTIALi BOARD and RESIDENC:, 20 u minutes' walk from the city (north side). Tvo bed rooms, one double bedded, with free use of sitting room, are offered togentemen Terms, including breakfast. Ss. C for one, or ,s. Lech fir two, per week. Address A. B C. H, May's, 26. Lombard-streetA PARTIAL BOARD.-A single gentleman, engaged a out in the day, (the onlv one received,) may obtain a bed, breakfast, and tea, with use of a sittingroom, at l1s. a week; in afamily of three persons, near the Britiah Musem., Apply by letter, stating posi. tion, to A. B., Mr. Sloper's, stationer, Holborn-hull. PARTIAL BOARDER WANTED, in a pleasant P cottage, in the Clapham-road, near Kensington-gate. No lodgers or children. A gentlemax engaged in the city during the day would find this a desirable and comfortable home. Apply to X. Y. Z., Mr. Afarshalrs, 1. ClaYland's-place. Clapham-roadL PDARTIAL BOARD and RESIDENCE are X OFEERED to a gentleman of quiet habits, in a familyof the highestreectability. livingnear Eccleston-square. Thehouseisspacious and handsomely furnished. Addres, with real name, to Alm, I!. BrowWs, stationer, 17, Old Broad-street. A Comfortable HOME, with Partial Board, are A3. OFFEREDtoa gentlemanengageddurin teeday, in privlat family, residing 20 minutes' walk from the Ba& Terms, including breakfast and supper. 10. Cd. per week. Address B, Kr Carter's, 1 Wilmington-street, WVilmington-square, Pentonvile. A GENTLEMAN can be accommodated with AAPARTMENTS and PARTIAL BOARD in the house of a respectable private family, within 10 minutes' walk of the Nelson, Old Kent-road. Terms moderate. Nootherlodgers. AddresC.M a ., r. Howell's,t otationer, 2, Albert-terrace, Old Kent-road. W ATER CURE.-Hydropathic Establishment, W Colethiall House, Fortis-green, Finebley, MIiddlesex. six miles from london. All letters addressed to the Troprietor, B. W. JACKSON, Eq. Resident Physiciau-Dr. H. F. Johnson. JNTEMPERANCE, Loss of Sight, or Derangement e of Iatelect.- gentleman, proceeding to the continent, will b- happy to TAKE CH1ARGE of any one thus afflicted, and, by a course of judicious treatment, reform the first and alleviate the two latter. Address H. S. W.. 165, Alder3gate-street. APIAENTAL DERANGEMENT.-A surgeon of eon- tsiderable experiene- rending a short dIstance from town, inna very healthy situation, wobed take, as an It ATE, a lady or genlem&u mentally afet iCted Referencesgexchanged. Terrm,oaccording o circumstances, will be froma 100 to 150 gninea per aLnnm, The address can be obtained by application to 31 D, Mr. Iloyd's, druggist, Hnigh- 7 PARTMEaTS for gentlemen, on reasonable rv terms-7,ravwisy crescent, Camdenl-town. APARTMENTS. for two sLE,le frentlemen, consist- in- of a doable bedded room, with sittiog room Apply at 67 Prebend'street, NRew North-road, Islington. Terms^ moderate. iPatMENTS, Furnished-double drawig rooms at three bed rooms. and attendaice, 210s per week-A A, 4 Charles-street, Eastboarne-terrace, HIyde-park. ab PeRTMENTS Furn,shed, in Lincoln's-inn-fields, ..C. consisting of a suite of three roomas , eithe r on the second or third floor. Apnlyjta Messrs. Clifford, news agents, S. Inner Temple- A,PART.MENTS to be LET, for a sintle gentleman A -a good airy bed room, wsith or without a ttig room. n the. immediate neighbourhoodiof Char g-rosqi Tern s moderatso Apply at rir. Yeatese' 23, Strannd A PARTMIENTS, furnished or unfurnisted.-A genA tlemn, havig a hlarger hose than he reuie, wolbe thappy to LETr nice SUITE of ROMS, on very moderate termpS to a su,itable person, of quiet habits. Address 8, Alfred-place, Bdford-square. A PARTMENTS WPANTED, near Camden-towIn ARailway, by a gentleman from home auring the day. Plainiy furnished l but saripuloesly clean) bed trhm end sitting room, at from A. to ls. Per weec., Address V, CitYNews Roons, Cheapside, APART IENTS to be LET, genteelly Furnished, nearACanoburyavquare. o ingtonf suitable for a gentleman engaged in the cito during the day, of quiet and regular habits or an elderly lady, No other lodgers or children. AdB, ' tW., 2 Old Paradise-row, c letinton-green c APARTiMIENTS or Partial Board, to be had in the house of a high,y respectable private familr, where there are notchildren It is well furniwhed, and hal bee just put into thorouh order. Good attendance. Terms very moderate. Applyat 14, Mo man-street, Bedlord-ro v A PARTMENTS, orPartial Board.-To fest Indian Gentlemen and othersf-Torbe lE,r handsomely FRNISHuED DRAWING ROOMiS, with an additional bed room if required. The house large, and plesantly situate, in the best part of Brompton. 'Adrestsb. D.. 40, Brompton-crescent, Brompton. A PARTMENTS, Furnished, in the best part of South BelgrOvia, consisting of dinng room, two d rawing rooms, and three or four bed rooms, to a quiet family, on reasonabe terms. Apply for cards of address tob. RW, ook's, newsagent, 61, Cambridgestreet, EcLlestrt-square, Pimlico. A PARTlISH TS, 1A2ndsomelyFuSrn shed, to be LETr int a private house, close to Glocester-square, where three good servants are kept; or thee wole house would be let on very moderate terms, the owvner reserving the daily use of one room. Apply to Boyle, or-den. and Co. 10, Albion-place, chyde park-square A PARNTMIENTS WANTED, viz a oed and use of s itting room, within sight miles of p bndon, o n the SouthEastern hne, and nears station, by a gentleman, of quiet habits, who is engaged durng the day As they are wanted for a permanency terms must be moderate. Address, with full particular to A. 115, London-road, Southwark. PARTMIENTS WATED by a professionaL man, Afurnished or unfurnished, for daily occupsatixonly consistmng ot SI FLOORms oncthe rolmd or girst fl tor, inayst lea; outo Regent-street, or westparkd of it Address, stating full particularc with terms, to A B, care of H Pass, E_., 62, Bernersstreet, Oxfordstreet. s they are required for permanent occupation an extravagant rental wlli not be given. , PARTMENTS, Furished, with or without Partial Board, in a hizhly respectable family.-O1aPham-rise.-A qmset omfE is thus OFFEr ED tbone or twno ladie era lady and geleman, and they will meet with every attention to promote their comfort The house is wrell furnished and pleasatlsituate, and maybe had faltoagether. Appy tor r. Rob.t Williamon, Mwanor-3treet, Clapham; and. Mr. Lambert, Owen'oscorner. Claphan iroad. F URNISHED APARTMENTS, suitable for two or three gentlemeu. with Partial Board. Terms moderate. Apply or address to A,A., Mr. Leaker's chymlst, 1, Alua-terrace, Canonbury, IsDnogton, F URNISHED APARTMEXTS.-To Single Gentle- men.-To be LET, in the house of a respectable tratesman, in the neighbourhood of Russell-square, a SITTG and Be D ROOthe . If taken fors permanency, termsT very moderate. For paticulars apply at 12, Stafford-street, Russell-square, F URN ISHED APARTMENTS.-To be LET, a FIRST FLOORf consisting of two large rooms, near to Regentstreet and the een s-arl, and in the neighbeerhood of Portlandplace. Terms moderate. Apply tolMr. Edwards, 12, New Cavendishstreet. FlURNiISHED APARTMENTS,-To be LET, comfortableP very desirabe, and well FURNSISHED large DRAWIN;G R045M5 and BED) ROOMSS, with good attendance. If forageutleman or ladyfor a termn,rent low. AppliloA.R, IL, 7, Duke-street, Grosvenor-suare. at the private entrane. jlJRNISHED APARTMEN1TS.-To be LET, A during the season or a longer priod with advantages sFeldomt be met with, a spacious FIRST FLOOR, lighted with ga,kitchen, and other convealences. centrally situate near thetheatres, private entrance nemxtto thge Quelen'gs at thetBsotyal Lyceum Opera-house, Address Mr. FjURNISHED APARwTMEN'TS, near the Parkis- 52drawing rooms and parleurs, together or separate, witheor without extra bed rooms, suitable for asmall famnily, Terms very moderate. including cooking and attendance. Every attention to eleaulioess and comfort. No children. Situation open and health y.7, Trllc terrace, Vauxhall-bridge-rosel near the new Victoe-ia-se,,et FUIRAPfoHAPARTMIENTS,fora ntn ,.-A F uFRONT PARLOUR and BED ROOI, nicelyurnished. Terms, lOs, per week, with attendance. No extras; no otber odgers, Omr-i buses to the city every three minutes, and vithin seven minutes' walk of theNforth London Baliwaystintion. Addre5sslrs, S., I,stow-cottages, Myrtle-street, Grange-road , Dalston. URNISHED APARTMEENT, 12 miles of, F and, with easy access tow n- bed rooms. we7. furnished. and best atteendne 7ihrsionboaS Stabling and man's room, if required. House detached, wih good grounds. This offers every comfort of home. Localty v ryhealthy Apply LI , post-office, Hounslow. FURNISHED APARTMENTS WAX-TED, in Sloane-street, H ans-place, or the immediate neighbourhood of Hy de-pak-a drawing room, w ell furnished, tw o large, airy, comforable bed rooms, with the option of another if required, together with plate, lInen, cooking, and attendance. State terms, &c. to rs. H;, at bir. Herlerbt's 21, Churton-street, Pisalico, t 3 _ 'H., TNFURNISHED APARTMENTS.-Charing- cross.-To be LET, a SECOND FLOOR, cotaiinng three rooms, and dressing room, with the use of a kitchen. There is a pwvate deer, water ld on to floor, and other conveniences. Rent £30 Apply at 5, Hugerfo-ord-street, Caaing-cross. TTNFURNISHD APARTMNIENTS.-The whole %tJ or portion of the UPPER PART of a HOUSE over a fancy. otaten business to he LET, in the healthy and fashionable neigh- tour' oo of W-etborn-te-trace, R ooms large, lofty. Private enfrane. Terms strictly moderate. Apply at l2a, Chichester.strcet, -Wostbourne-terrace north, [TJNFURNISHED APARTiIMENTS WA_STT ED; in the svaburls north of Hyde or Regent'spiark-four iinfunished roomse to on the ground fleor, with attendance aud partial bord, for hreeladles. Nolodgersorcchdren. R en t moderate c Unexceptionable references given and required. Address tems and p rticulas to CQ F. L., KCelvedon-hatch, Brenitwood. TTNFUJRNISHfED APATMNENTS, with Attend- Jance.-WATED. in or er thea tRegeut's-parir byagentemnUew ;arid hus son, engaged in the city during the dey, * goodl-sisd SITTING ROOM.M Two Airy Bed Rooms. aned one smaller B3ed Room. Nooolrer lodgers or children. As it is for a permanency the tenus mus b mo-r derate. Refrerences exchanged. Ad,dress, with full particuiys,to Z.. Jfr. SB.Rowes.e' sta'.ioner, 12i, Chesppde. YTNFURNISIED APARTMNIENTS WANTED, within 15 minutes'.walkofFlEeet-street,consistiungofbedroom,. aittiegroom. and kitchen. Address, statinu terms (which must be moderate). to A. B.. care of Mr. Davy, 22, tiraiid. UNFURNISHED APARTIENTS.-West Chhel- sa-To be LET. PART of a HOUSE, consisting of two drawing rooms, two bed rooms, and a convenient kitchen. Termso mode. rate. Forfurther patculars addres S. T.. Bolt-inuTun. Fleet-street TINFURNISHED SECOND FLOOR APARTU MENTS, consisting of two rooms and a kitchen, pleasantly situate in St. Jobn!a-wood, within a minutes' walk of omnibuses, tobe LET, moderate. Would be furnished if required, and takenfor a permanency. Apply to S.F. ,14, Queen's-t-rrace, St. John's-wood. . ARGEE; andAelntly FURNISHEID APARC J 1ET3.-S,go-street, faing S&ackville-etreet. S TWO DRAWIN~l ROOMS, Bed Room, and Ritchen. alb a coeds-house and stable if requlre 3. Blenheim-terrace. Abbey-roaL TRATFORD-PACE.-T0 be LE;T, ai GROUND FlOORle, unfrulrnshed. There are three rOORs, all jnst put in exceUeni onrditio4, well suited for a Profersional ma. Apply at 17. 0. 12, priggaden.-A TNE TS,FUR;^ 3S ,adx; eros odbgnlre u others. Close to the Admirlty. ThRAWING and DINING ROOMAPARTMENTS Dto be LIET. furnshed or unfurnished. Address A. B., 2, Chepotow-place,Westbourne-rove,Baygyter. Terms moderate. ELGRAVIA-MVen FURNISHED APARTMENTS-four or five bed rooms. two drawing and dining rooms, with use of pianoforte. The whole house may be had if requied. Terms moderate. Apply at 25, Bluton-street, Eaten-square. 1OUNTRY APARTMEN1TS.-To be LET, Fur- nished, atafarm-house, a BED ROOM and SITITINGROOM, 15 minutes' walk from the sarnet Railway Station, on the Great Northem Line. Appl to a. Baxter, Manor-house Farm, E3st Baruet, Heets. A LADY (recently losther husband), living in the best A3prt of Gravesend, near the railway station, has a SITTING and BED ROOM for a lady or gentleman, with attendance. Terms mode. rate, as company lsthe greatest object. Apply A. B., 3, Parrockreet SACKVILLE-STREET.-To be LET, on low term-, ? a SrT G ItOO-M and BED }ROON, or a !e airy bed room suitable to a gentleman engaged during the da. Aitting Room anR Bed Room also, in Regent-street4 if preferred. Apply by letter only pre-paid, to . S.. Mr. Kelly', stationer, Vigo-street, Reg-ent-street. rTLU be LET, a SITTING ROOM and BED ROOM, F Fumished, in a farm-house, with attendance if required, Ile& sanUy situate m a mostlheslthy situation. within 31 miles of Radsog, adjoining a turnpike roa, wlhere the post passes daily. Angling in a lag eOof pireserved water if required. Apply (if by letter, post tZau iglw F. B., 6, Oxford-s'treec. Reading.. T0 be LET, FURENISHED APARTMtENTS, in a rpetble farm-howse, consisting of seed parlour, kiitchen, and attendance given. Apply to Mr. Stidolph, house agent, Tunbridgq 1)ORTMAN-SQUA: (near)-To be LET, hand tLsomely Furuchedean ; spacious, aPARTb ENpTS; consistin of drawingroom and diin brooms, and fur ho roromwith attendarne ol cook and housemald, nd we of a Collard's gran ipiano. Terms mtode rate. For cards of address appl at Kerrs lbrary,3 Duke-street M anchester square. _ a . LOUtTRY LODGINGSr:-A bed room and use o1 C Asitting room. 6s. per wee; parlour and hod room, 1iS per week drawing room and twro bed rooms, and use of pianoforte, 21a, per week The house 5s laze, w ith good garden, situate in a retired village, 2f mles from laodon, in the midst of channing aks and drives. wi good fishing. and to the rail an omnibusi passes daily. Particulars Q A.B., White iaon HIotel, Cobham, Surrzey. Dry sandy oiL. * CHABERS.-To be LET, nufn-unisheci, a capits~ JS1§T. onsisting of two sitting rooms, gooid bed room,with dreslnfi room adjoining. where watr is la on, with coset, and every con venience. Apply at 17, 8tratord-pace, Oxford-steet. CIBAMBERS to be LET, at the Berkeley-ehanbers; .J 13, Bruton-street, Rood-strect: rents from £30 to f59 . and at thl Aaelphi-chambers. John-street, Adelphi-offiCes and chambers: rent L1S to £40. HAHAMBERS, Gray's-inn.-A gentleman occupying a set of chambers in taysnond-buildings, wishes to LET off a par as an OFFICE. An arrangement might probably bo effected if de sired as to a clerk's services. References will be required. Addrea A. B., care of Mfr. Montage, 8, Brownlow-street, Holborn, QT. JAMES's.-To be LET, on a toro, a superior SET of CHAMBER'S, being a distinct privAte residence. witl a.pledomestic offices, bats, k.. suitable to a nobleman orMembe of Farliament. The appropriate furniture to be taken at ar aluation Apply to Ranting and Sons. 27, St. James's-street. (hFlFICE.-To be LET, 38, Cannon-street, corner oJ JX ing William-street, city, one very large light first-clas OPEICE easily divided, with strong room and every accommodation. Apply t< the porter. t'F FICES,near theBank, to beLET.-TWO spacioul and excelent ROOMS, on the first floor, looking out on gardens for £40 per annum : and two rooms on the second Iboor for -Si *- annun. Appbl to Mrs. Ward, 23, Broad-street-buildigs, dty. C'ITY OFFICES, near the Mansion-house.-To bc aJLET, on the second door, TWO lasge ROOKMS. suitable for a mer chant-or a solicitor. Rent £03 per annum. If preferred, the furnituri in therooms maylota_kenatavaiuation. Applyto the housekeepers at 3, Bond-court, WValbrook. A GENTLEMAN, having OFFICES most conve A 3niertlyandcentralysituateatthewestend. wouldbe happytc LET to any company in the oourse of formation for a few hours daily Apply to 13. B., by letter only, care of John Croft, Esq., 12, Copt hall-cout, city. - JGHT OFFICES and RESIDENCE CHAM.- L BES,with immediate poesession, at 22, Linooln's-inn-fieldsoI thegrorndd flor,-suitable for a company, or solicitor's, enuineef's, oi architect's and other offices, al at very moderate rents. Modem con veniences. Apply to the housekeeper. ° be LET in Savage-gardens, Thinitysquare, a de. sirable 0ii'mi', newly painted. consitinig of two ightand comi modios rooms, communicating, in both,of which are large closets, and there is every other necessary convenience. Apply to Ellis and Son house agents, 36. Fenchurch-street. TEAM POWVER WATED, in or about the city. 8 Apply with particula, by letter to Mr. Fi-en 3 Grm street, city. -T1wNO COTTAGES or snall HOUSES WANTED, f ro thin on easy ride of London.either adjomiing, or a short distanoe from each other. Rent about £1S per annumm. With good gardens, Address A. B., care of Mtr. Toynbee, 41, Gutter-lane. Cheapside. JljEDIOAL PRACTICE or PARTNERSHIP is ws w Vtoly REQUIRED, by' an M.D., M.IC.S .A. Ii must be well esta2blished, andproducingrrom£6GO to £1,0O0 perannum, er a share of a practice wrould suit if w ith a lar2ger incomet In or near London p referred. No accommnodation wvill be required, Pcrticular toMr. Wilson. British medic1alec,5,Rgn tetaonn h County The-office. agny52Reetsrt,djiith pIRST-CLASS DAY SCHO O-L for GENTIFEhIEN u -WANTED. to rPC3MEE the above. Termg for pupils not less tha £16 perwannum. Addreass DS, Bc4t's librry. Polytechnic; Regent-street. CMALL FAiRM.-WANTED, wvithin an easy dis tance of the city, a RESIDENCE. with from 20 to 40 acres of Land. Address, stating particulars, to Mr. Rogers, 22, St. Swithin's lone, city. To LANDED PROPRIETORS, SOicitors, aand JLland Agents.-WANTED. to RENT, a good CORN`rand STOCK FARIt, from 200 to 400 ace, with comfortable house. Particulars to Rusticus. 2, Maddox-street, Regent-street, tendon. - NTIURNISH-D.-WANTED, within a few miles V- of London, in a not' erypopulousneighbourhood. a HOUSE, containing asout 10 bed rooms, with two or three acres of ground, and of moderate rent. Address A. B., Upper Norwood, Surrey. HO1JSEWANTED, within half an hour's ride by EasternCounties Railway. It must have eight rooms and large garden; to be writhin five minutes of the station. Rentabout. 30. Address A. B., 16, Winchester-place, Pentonville. . AAIPSTEAD.-MWATED, a genteel HOUSE, w vith eight bed room, and a good garden, in this neighboeur I ood. Rent not to exceed £I10. Apply to A. B., 12, Avenue-road Regent's-park. A COTTAGE WANTED, at MidsumnesX Of SeVen or eight rooms, with chlaise-house and stable. bya gentleman engaged intown;- withina distance of seven or eighit milesfromthe city. Rent and taxes shout £28B. Address full particulars toE., Miles's l,rary, York-place, Uipper-street, Islngon, A SYLJUM,-WAN'TED tO PJURCHASE, theINATRItEST of an ASYTlUM for the reception of mnental invalids of the bigher classes. The neighbourhood of Liond referr. d. Address, stating al particalars, to ML D., Mr. hall's British snd fcrrign lbrary. Edgeware-road. Q TOKE NEWINGTON and STAMFORP-HILL. - o-lHOUSE WANlTED. ir. this vicinity, containing eight or ten rooms. An old-fashioned house preferred, if in good repair. Rent must be moderate. Address to D. R., 72, Baker-street, Portinan. square. TI~O STATIONERS.-WANTED, a BUSINESS, -T with orwithout hbrary: ora smaUll House. where, there is- an <pening for the above trade. Alo, to Purchase a LibraryandStationer". Stock The fullest particulars must be given. Address Mrs. West, 19, St. George's-terrace, St. Peter's-street, Islington. 1ESIDENCE and LAND WANTED to PURAAjCHIASE, in one of the home counties, with convenienoe for occsionaiccess to Ltndon. The house must be adapted for a famly. Thelandto tho extentof from 50 to200acrcs. Fora suitable estate a liberal pric will be given. Address (with full particulars) Y., care ol IL W. Ecum, Esq., A Bedford-row. C OTTAGE.-WANTED, between this and fid- summer. a gentlemanly RESIDENCE. containing not less thae six good sized rooms, with a good garden, within 20 miles of LoDdon South Eastern line preferred.9tent not to exceed 40 guineas per annum, Address W.J. D., post-office, opposite the Church. limehonse. C OTTAGE RESIDENCE.-WANTED, within 12 miles of tendon. near a station on the Eastern Counties or Lon don-bridge Line, a COTTAGE or HOUSE (detached preferred). con taining not lose than seven rooms, with large garden. Rent not to ex. ceod;5 aperannum. Possession reqouired at Midsummer. Address, pro-Daid, ro . R., Mr. Clark's, stationer, Mioorgate-street. UTNFURNISHED HOUSE VANTED, in a very d_) cheerful situation, and within a mile of Hyde-park, containinm abeutll rooms, in first-rate condition, and fit for immediate occupa tion. Must have been occupied. A detached villa, with garden preferred. Particulars toW M. Roely, 87, Mount-street, Groeveo r square. ELTHAM, or Foot's-cray.-1ANTED, toRET -E1 in the inmmediate neighbourhood of either of the bT l detached FAMILY HOUdE in substantial and ornamentArepair comnprising three or four good sitting rooms, and not les than Iighi good bed rooms, with the usual domestic offices; kitchen garden aoc pleasuregrouuds. Ifwithlt to30 acres of land preferred. Particulso to be addressed (by letter only) to HL Y., care of xr. Charles Barker 8, Birchin-lane. FhOR1ING AUJCTION, Estate, Lanid and Tithe SJAgency OFFICES;* esablished 1817.-Messr WHITE and SONS ressecifuliy notify tha tthey have prepared a I.BT of several small private RBSIDENCES and other PROPERTIES, wvhich thex have to ILET or SELL1, in this favourite locality, and they will be happy to forward the same toapplicanta on the recei.pt of a staped and cdirected envelope. tTO be LET, a FANCY BAZAAR BUSINESS, in a a fasbionable watering place on the south coast, withan exceUent Dweling-house, commanCing an extensive marine view. The trade stock to be taken at a valuation Lthe furniture .,so if required. The rentmorethanmadebyletting. 5'orfullyarticulars apply to H. Nah auctioneer, 2, M1arine-terrace, Worthing, Sussex. 0pO be LET, in Tibberton-square, Isllngon, ithin to miles of the Banl a substantia HOUSE, containn 12rooms, with a good garden. Rent £50. Also a convemit Cottage, hang three bed rooms, two parlours, kitchen, kc. Rent £20 lOs. In beth entalsthesupplyofwaterisincluded. £15 is required for recent rerairs in the house, and £10 for fixtures in the cottage. Apply at 14, bherton-square. T be LET, at ma low rent, TEIGNMOUTyh HOrSE, Moss Ha ll Vlark-road, FincleyD containgou tw o par- lnurs four bed rooms, kitchen, siantry, and scuperyt chaise-houe and itable, and fitted up wgith everyoonveniene; fore-court and good gar: Ten in the rear. The Compan's omnibuses pass w.ithin throe minutes' v alk of the house four times a day to all pact of town. For particulars inquire on the prem ises.- pT beL E i veryhealthy and oTWn ne hbour- warood, armuall BBSiDtn. Gontainig eight rooms, wvith garden, and usua conveniences close toan }:piscopalChapel. Rent aud taxesmoderate. Any tenanttaklingthe I ouse might possibly arrange with a ladty desirous of board and lodig- ;Dg in a ions family. Address Omega. care of Mr. Barker, 8, BirchinL- -sue. r0 be LET, Fonrnshed, for Aix months, or by-the y Iear, a detacbednVILLA RESIDENCEl contaiing for sitting, nd eight bedrs oos. Thetsituation is prettyphigh,anbddry. Good 1 itchen, and pleasure grounds, and two padAsocksin all i1 aces Ten minutes' walk from the station of Stanstead, MWountfitchet, and two and a half£mles from the markette4m of isopStorefordaHertso pply to C. T. W., 24. UPper Rock-gardens, Brighton. Good cachouse, andtwo-stalled staole. - or SOLD, a PAIR of semi-detached .t ,u;, being oe. 13 and 14 Woolmer Cottages. the Grove. Bammieramith; ose let on lease. They are approached by a flight Of - tone steps to the front deor5, and onutain each, on the basement-'door l,Zreafataror. itchen,sclClery, win and coal celinret, pa irnd vaiter-oset; on next foor, large diniugroomanddrawiumoous, still room, good hall, and water-closet;* andsix roomns-above. G ood grden back and front, excellent sewerage. The low price for the pair £.000, *so a So ensure a quick 5ale. £lO0canremainl if desired. Apply on the peesnicee, or of theoower, W. J. Heath, the Talbot Tavern, Tun 'bhus-gren:'' - - - T0be LET, an eight-roomed COTTAGE, with out- hoboses anidlarge garden,0 miles from loondon, near the Easterna %unnetziees t= ammm. ApplytD Mr. Clhamber:,, 6 T O be LET, an old-establis'hed BERLIN and STA- JLTIONERY BSUSI1XESS. in & leadin thoroughfare, near a railway station. estock and fixtuses taken. (o premium requiired. Ad-' drew O. B., Mir. Hoeliston's baker, Claylande-plaoe, Claphamn-roa& . frnt ibte cETre of aO S maretond n tHOP witan pnlte-gler T rot O ntbe L et, e of HO S rarkttd n SHOP wnithpcnlae-gas.rr Igtbefradugs orgrces. Forfurtber particulars apply tIo WL.,Z I 7IO be LET, a HOUSE, in perfect condlition, between JLPa.dDand Pall-mall. land-lax redeemedl Suitable fousay p rofessioea entleman For oards to view, Mr. Oakley, house uient FAent-street, Haymazket. -_ TObe LET, a capital five-stall STABLE, doutble T coach-bonue, loft,sandservantseroom, in Kin,nertonyr, inr to-tre, egrave-aquare. Apply to Mr. Bol0ton,stioe,nih- rP eLET (Clhaa)the whole or part of a SHOP,. JL i Hih-sree, wth artofhouse. Particulars to be had at 1, lavender Villas, Wandsworthi-road,, five minutes' walk from, Tj0 be LET,~ a well FURNISHED HEOUSA, near T.the Chalk- larm Staouo, contanigtwo sitting rooms. fourbest bedoom. ktcens, and otherofce.A,latZTheepse T O be LET on LE S,imen,2 inles frmm tow, agenlemnlydetche REIDECEand Groundj% c'ipsiin fie are oflen. ent£11. artculrsof Mr. Owen, be LE, a ood OUSEand tSHOP, in the rU eLET, a semi-detached COUTTAG ,live rooms JLand gren. good view,. Htalesden-hil,Hredagen Harrowroad, fumlefrmOod-street. Rent £18. Near the HarieleaAe StaLtion. Omnibuses passthiedoor. Appliy on thepreniLses.;or of Mr. Marshall, 31, John-street.-Tottenham-co~urt-road. FP¶O be LET with -nundiate posseson a sp lacos A. and comor`tab¶e FA YMR"8ILYN20.'Z%a , ic,opposite the mnot beautifully wooded part of th park For terms and toview apply to Mr. Humnphreys, 10, London-sitreet. Greem- F0 be LET, on the high road to Harrow, a genteel TL ix-roomed COTTAGE, bothi cheerful and health. Batek garden about 70 feetloog, front ditto about 15 feet. Apply on tht rmss 5. Chapel-terrace, EHarleedion-gren, near WilleedonL tation; or toM. Hooper, 52. Oxford-street. By rail or omnibus. rro b LET,at Cmayford, in Kent, 14 mil~es from T LOnbd'on.LaEnTtwo miiles from the Worth Rent Railway, a conrenient, semi-detaChIed, eight-roomned COTTAGE. in complete'repair, wit grde, tabs,and goodl water.. Rent;e26 per annum. Poses. siont Mdsumer.To Tiew aLpply to Mr. Salmon, bwan-lane, Crayford, Kent .No letters attended to. garden, greenhoue i,Rn 6 e nu.Vii euiu n heathy situationseemlfomtw.hlamiermte first station on the GreetWsenRiwy 0mnts iefo the went end, (fare b~esntces41]O h reodadFriueto be t OCHYMIISTS and others.An _person who can T. make DETONATING wHITPE A PEl ATCEEES, such as were lately In use for fowling piecoes, is reqiuested to communicate, post paid, to A. B., care of Xesses Brown and Standfast, newspaper and advertsing agents, L. Little George-street, Westminster Abbey. FP0 be DISPOSED OF,- a FURNISHEDHOSE J. situate in the best part of Brompton. let to highly respectable lodgers AnY party commanding about £20. and of business hLabits, wil i5nd this worthy of attention, M health being the cause of leaving it. Address,postpaid, toM.LA., 31. oveutty-treet, Piccadil. TlOGENTLEM~EN's SERVAINTS, Publicans, and JLothers.-To be LET, with immediate Possession,' fa irt-clas FREE ALE and STOUT ESTABLISHMElOT. doing 40 barrels mPoPnt'hly standingat no renit; delightfully situate. Coiming in, A21. Apl Wo~f. Douga, 17, Melia-place, -;es,tminslr-r&sj, F0 be DISPOSED OF, through ill health of proTW rleter, a first-rate DRAPERY and SELKMERCERY BU1SINES h)aving been successiullcarriedon for some years. One or two waltl a ilal Safid thisun opportunity seldom to TOHOTEL and TAVER.N KEEPERS.-To be TDISPOSED OF. in consequence of the DIl healtha of the proprietor, a FREE LICENSED HOTELaudOHOP-HOUSE, inoneof the Principal thoroughfare in the city of london. Apply to _r Lun,60 Chanceryv-lane. E.un 0 T MLLINERS and DRE8SSMAKERS.--TObe TDISPOSED OF, immediately, a SHOP, near Oxford-sftret, in the millMinery and glove trade, wiithremainder of stoclk and small qilantity of house farniture. ATvery emil premiumwillbe taken. Address S. P., 48, Great Rus5ell-street. Bloomsbury. F0PUBLICAS and others.-To be LET, a reT.spectable PUXrBALNIC-HOUSE, doing a large trade at full priocs, wellfittedup; intheBame handismanyyears. AmyonewithzSOOto £60 cash, can have Possesidon, Address Mr. Dougal, 17, MellonPlace, Westminster-road. FP0 DRESSMAKERS and.UILLINERS.-A firstA. rate Oppoctunity.-To be LET, a HOUSE ar,d SHOP, in an excellent situation for establishing a good business Apply at, the office on the estate, 29, Stanley-road, Balls-poed, Kiglad Thr is likewise amimilar opportunity for a ladies' boot cud sho mkTer. SADDERSand HARNESS AMAKERS.-To Tobe ISPOSD OF,an old-established BUSINESS in tne abvee at wst ed ofLondn, Lase and goodwill ver moderae ForfuterVprticlasppl to.Gordon, 6s Princes stree-t, Lielcesler~ F0GROCERS Land others.-For7 DISPOSA,L, a1 TE select and lucrative CONCERN~%. pleasantlyasituate in a populous andreoectbl loaliy,four miles from town. Present returns averagle £2,00 pr anumat emueraiveprices Convenient premisses, held atonl£35 ent.Applto li.Peter Broad, auctioneer. 283. Poultry. J '1O CARUPET MALNUFACTIURERS LWholesale JLStationers, Boot and Shoe Factors, &C.-To be LUT, a capitol 14 roomed HOUSE, frontivaxehouse SMf. by 2Oft., wvith back warehousel attached, consl5tin of iNve oors. wthcrane ad stable under. A on the Premises, 16, Skiner-street, Snowhili. . PPb~ roCHYMISTS and DRUGGISTS.-To be SOL-Di T. for £550. a hsndsomely fatted-up CHaMIEST's SHOP, in a firs-trate situation At the west end. together with Lease (1Oycarss, Flxtue,ad Stoclk. Receipts £700. Addres to H, Bi, care of S;int Broter,s, anid Co., 102, Lendenhall-street. FF0 D APER , (Grocers, Ionmionger, *&e.-To be T.LLDTETAwith iBiumesiate'Possession. an tni~veSaOP and PREItISES. The bestEsituation in the ctyoDf GlOcester. Two large plate- laswindows. Frontage 24 feet 3 inchies. For further pArticalars appi fto t S. WVorkman. Hereford. TPO GRtOCERS and othrers.-For DISPOSAL agobd A. ready-money BUSINES, sfituate in a denselypqpulatZeA locaiuty and maarketting thoronghfareeaEtward, where a remiunerative Counter trade iaay be already doen. Terms low7 to effect an immediate sale. Ren-tonly £-1. APPly to Mr. Peter Broadl, auctioneer, 25, Poultry , Ff0 AUCTIONEERS and othexs.-To- be DIS'. A. POSED O,on ilnusually modlerate termis, tho GOODWILL ofwUel-stablisedS~ALEROOMiS, inacrowdcdandrslidly-increasi.g business neighbourhood. The premises are admiraObly adapted for carryingon te busineis,andtliereisagooddweliingattaledL Apply to Mr. AV F. Bray. 16 A, King'sreead,Bedford-row. structed by the Trustees under a dt,edof assignment, to DISPOSE OF the above CONCERY, occupying one0 Of the most comnin oi tions in the popular and improving town ofCroydon. Craoiwa the city auction and agency offices, 28, Poultry. TPO be DISPOSED OF, a first-clasqs, EA TLNG- ..LHOUSE cand DUINIG 1100B,. now shut up. uinder unoese cirumstances, withL steam apparatus for Cooking, or with gas and gasfittings,fixtures, &c. This offers arareopportunity,.as possessoion ay be bAd for the price of the fixtures, 'with a gooYd homEe and position, Apply to Mr. Winch, 1, VauxhRll-cross.. F0 be DISPOSED OF, bY Private Contract,;- by T.order oft the Executors a. most agreeable and well-arranged FA3MIY VILLA RESIDENCE, wichplcasaul and beautiful garden; als the new and modem Furniture of the very best description. Fdr Partaculars a51ly i he residence to Mr. Pease, 3, Belmont Villas, F0GROCER.S.-For DISPOSAL, throughill health, A. a lucrativ-e CONCERN,. well situated in a leading m1etropolitan thorouhfre Present returns average £3,000 per annumi, but a much large busines ay be secured by anenergetic principl,L Very covenient premises held on beneficial lease. Apply to Mlr. Peter Broad, auctioneer. 28, Poultry, T'O BOOKSELLERS, . Stationers,. and others.- T. Nesa, to Russell-squzrc.-Sfr. Page is instructed to SELL the old established TRADE of a BOOXSEtLER and STATIONERt, carned oni for many years. The returns are respectable, and cau beesetended. The house is large, and the rent nesary cleared. About £500 required. APPly to Mr. Page, auctioneer and valuer, 8,Colerman-st. PRINT RS, Stationers, and others.-In afLrst- established for more than 20 years, and now in respectable trwde., F'roma £20 to £50 required. Apply to Mr.FPge, valuer, Le-, S. Colemnan-street. TIOER,an dele inobect o vet andTe otherin s wIthtO oppoctuuittyto personawith £3,500. Apply to nnMG. Page au tio thee4 valuer. 5, Coleman-street.avluabl Tf0 STATIONERS, Printers, and -other~S-On the A. high rad three miles from the city -Mr. Page is directed to SELto BRD of a BOOKSELLEER, 8tationer, and Printer, carried on for manyyears, and now in profitable trade. Therentis very low, and the connexion good. About £350 required. Apply to Mrx. Page, auctioneer and valuer, 5, Coleman-street. 0~ GROCERS and TALLOWCHAINDLERS.- TMr. G.H Ear- tin is instructed to LET, a mnost, excellent CONCERN, situate in a pleasant and healthy locality near Lonxdon, where a profitable business has for years beenL conduicted, and where Ca1pital maaybe advantageously and saffely employed. Plurchase mnoney reqiuired about £600 or £700. Full Particulars of Mr. G. H. Martin, auctioneeraud valuer, 54 and SS, Coweros-stret. Smithfield . - T O ONFETIONRS ad oters-An Advantaeos pprtniy-n ldesabisedRETAIL BUSIXESS, withice rad in ummr, t beDISPSEDOF, the present proprieto havng ake abusnes atth se sie, tidolngafirst.e Mstrade, T eSOLD, or Let on. Buildine- Lease, within oni T milee of the town of lMaidenhead a~nd ralIway station, a most desira'ble piece of FREEHOLD LAND, of about 23 acres with an extensive frontage, sloping-gradually to the road from MaiSenhead to Braywick- andI Hloyprt in view of the Thames and comMandig some of the most OUtiful sOcenery in the neighbourhood. For particulars and terms apply toXesrs. Syme,, Tsegdale, and Sandilands. solicitors, 33. Fenchurch-stroet. London; or Mr. Weeler, soii. oitor, Wolingham, Berks. mo S13GONSabout to7 COMMENTCE PRAC- T TCu-ITo'be DI)SPOSED OF, in consequence or the xorntianied ill health of the managing partner, a very old-established Prescrbing and Retail BUSINS, with a fewTgood private patients attached. Retumns about £400 per aunum. The shop recently fitted up with plate vlass front. Apply by letter, poStpaid, stating real name and address, to A. B, care of fr. Flowers, 1, Crown-court Old Broadztreet, city. To prevent trouble, no one need apply vo has notat. command from £400to£410. Ff0-' COACHMAKERS.-To be DISPOSED OF. in A.a good market town, a COACHMAKIGBUSINESS,stabl 35 ear- The presCnt proprietor retiring from the business Terms as follows-dwelling-houses and premlses £1,200, or the honse andre* mises will belet for £33 Per anum. The stock is about £2,000. Ifrequested a portioe of it may be paid for by instalments ol security, Returns £4,OD perannum. Connected with thisbutinessis machinery worked by steam for sawing timber. The annual retnus of thispart of the business re £zLOO. An opportunity of obta inin a business retuming £5,000 per annum, with such a small capital, rrelyto Applrbyletterto John Eives 17, Breknock-cresoen.Camdee-tow, F0 BOOKSELLERS, Printers, and Stationeni.-To T.be DISPOSED OF 'With immediate possession, a tnug BUSINESS, in a country town, aboutW20miles from Londonbyrail, with population of 5,0DO andno opponent; has been etablihednetarly60 years. Stork (all new) and fSxtures to be taken- at a valuation. Circulatinglibrary. public readingroor, andvariousagenciesin eonnieon rwith the busines; printing-offlee replete with every modem improvement and convenience. Rent £35 per annum 16 year'e leise unexpired. About £8X0 will be required. Hasalarge and produbtive garden attached. For particulars address by letter. with relunaras and address, to A. ., 2, St. Mactin'ls-court, Ludgate-hilL -- Tr° TAVERXEEPERS and firsEt-class LICENSED! _L VICTUALTLI-IImportantBubuimbnToLvemnitith its blutlful Pleasure Grouls, ithin twenty minttes reach of the topolis:To be LET, the ANERLEY TAVERN. iimmediately odiolmig the Anerley railway station, andabutting upn the grounds of the Crysta; Palace Tfe premises throughout are of the mot superior descriptiong have been fitted-and-srrangedregardles of expense, with aU nea appointments for-every class of -customers. the delightfully roodei and extensivegrounds and'walks'embrace gardens. play-groudsjl a. mass,ea tames-walk thewhole -length, withasplendid lake for aquatic S , the whol covering an'arisof four acres, and pre-sents to man loef enterpriseand genius an opportLunityof cnductingabutineaseto any -extent. with the extrndedinatydvrantage of approsohwby rhailwa fromthe:erycestre of Loudest, and ldose to onae of.thc-entrancestotbcV rytahPaae gor ofna For par4Sticrulars 2d crt7dts to4viewr aLpply, he orY'3fr Dewen, 5%Upper Tames-stre t,'- ','- MOGREENGROCERS.-To be LET, a BUSr- !~EfS, staliaett2yers For particulam apply to'Ms PrF mon toenter upondireily. .&piY to Mr.J~aeon,33, WalbroOk. city. 7jrO DRAPERS and MILLINERS.-To be DIS- POSED OF.&AM,ItEUSINESS,situate atDulwicb. EentL3M, F:ixtures £40. Stock£90. ApplY t0 MeW&Edw&rdsand Smith. Doctors'-cmmoml 0p DRAPERS.-To be DISPOSED OF, gpoct T B. USLEESS PREMISES,in the eastem Part ot London. kteat Memc-, HutdulnmaOnad Self. 39. Noble-steet. city. To be SOLD, asgenie USNStnteboetrade. Sat!*. factoryctlosfkaTinggiven. Apply bylettrt Y3. (. 38, High. stret, Portland-town. I To )IMBERS of BUILDING SOCIEmTmES an everyw Oece 2 6Wach. Toviewsappyastheofmr the esate, Stanle-read. Balls-pond-road Islington. TObe SOLD, the lon~g LEASE of a F-AMILY Rk.- T0JENCE, in excellent condition, situate in Xec1denburg.wjUgpre, wit imedateposeslon Fo frthr prtculrsapply to ,iames rt"o WNE !sERCHANS.-Tobe LET, situate att; LZl,Bus-lae, anno-steet VALTSand ODFFICES, coeni pleelyfited it al neessryfixure fo te above trade. Also ab -withimmnediatepossesetion. aGROCEaI'sSHOP n ITEJ ho,double plate-laa front. warehouse. andstleRntL. Fart et off £e1 * Coriningin moderate. Addreu .B,1 lrne terrace Dept-ford. T%O JOBand POST-MASTERS.-To be D)IS- JL PSEDOF.an excellent BUSUiNiSS th above line, o h Surrey aide, four miles front the city. Has been establisbedt for 2G yrears. and is parted with on accunt of illness Apply to Xr. Bain, 7. Coleman-street. city. FPO DRAPERS and others.-TO be DISPOSED OF. JLin a goo& thomungblar westward, capital SHOP and PRE9USES, suitable for adraper or any other light busincis. Term3 moderate. Apply to Mr. Everett. accountant and busines agent, 35. Kiuggt-ctrt Cbeaplude. rT0 ILLINERS DressmNGakes LIGHTb SOLDY housconssUcI fxoomsudthshopis w llonriuaheinteBmaSn. ri%dab thestutonhglyrsPcle&frand the 2k.Yeti corning-in morde.- strs7m vr ockat. sho wttng,as anoke fiturek £1.10. alorb paketicLarPpply toX Dr. RC.r Brigbown,sesicrofbperc. Hmneo-riamie. TjM DRARTERSSEo eKDINSPaLIGH OF,Ancon sRUSoeFm andob aduandrtheordeou ofpotunit oexersW lcle the house pe aous matso ,i osaud the hopia isquwell abtuate n00 Appe maon road,m abouwarmids fro mith. Bank. re-mno 2. osngi.fo i T Grsoa..wil7 aodelauteof a welaossomped stock ould INGb ETA_e AppLy toE T.I. woters,Bidge-house-chambers, Londoran-bpridgter.GI Tfl() DrA,oplee i lreq-Tibe adISPoSeD o F,, inne eton- are£.dw pranu. nthimdte oseapita Frequredcuabotr200.Apply toM. Mesr.Edwars and Smit. ID, Ol ers'-eoammous OLD b Priate ontrAG h LEnaSE, T be SOLD wthersdeiLEASE (~d nunexpired tr t1-earsno Pffie ODTenint OUReOf 9o MSwaeodsem tols ine deperfectwringth. order,.n withlf ommeradiatge poesione. FRen particulars apply to M. r.Thoma Bervasoin, o. 0.Ol Aleaaegret, ity-cab. be DSPOLKD,F a semidet1achedCOT tAGe, bonTe in., lugth Lesex frooms . adasithuate2 ao5 firt-atle e-brho, which! roaa beBensabloish-torwn. Leng. thoreas unexpireg.ad sca yrord;groun renat £4 per vlaninu. LeFor pavryi respecaleye ant27 Grat-Ja easStyrent rroEr bet SLD,sb th a te LEASE ayusexpired termt one ears_) ogfRUW ANESDE ItEisLeauS,u situaefo i ouseappiug.inearth teondomnto.s welladaptend fortepn:ro-sintraude.srmith e com-de waer. Withe loftios-er, andag celraen. Rentr onlyum. Appl kir. ThS.ri,15.GuAdlodrtrgat eastre, cimnty.sum p~ o3r T o RLUMBER,Gainer, Gandites anidoters.-Tobe DISbePOSSI OF,a braineetheigbe BUSINES,Stl, in Theabd-elianed olde-nestablished forO34Eyers. Stoc a flxeudiegnthoraoulhfagrt, goatd cafarl ofaluatin FxeBorariulr Capptly atrks27, Grett Jamlies-tet .ffeEHO) Lmnant, andi au boeautiful siedfora houwe of( public en-_ te stainstrut. It- has a spledid ake nefrnt, aUInd iSS,withina hundre donlnlest,ati. trnudxmel o rent. of£50 per annum.pl -o Mr. i0 DRANPEGR RS Up aos-te ters, Chna otudrsl-T Fitreshof amn.od-saclisthed .obCeRIN, in atleadin thoroghfare, ndoougcapabesi ofdgreat exeson.l Claptalg worksop,fited with, 0 ueet ad everyconvreent iten for a lraprge btrade.lApply imedt l to Mnohr b. Healy accountant aODnd aucioemer. If, taendatori±roul ad be ad nion ~uosnid eitrac,ghbourhoad,dig rhal ontrnsipnae so,at he xtrmey lw rnt fi£2meriannue orn.-s risng fmousshopanddweling-ousebtoethuer wiithelakgremise andeabbu. Aply tMr.3. H Marin.aucindexer,len, stowange5 Coworossetreet. Smithfield.oflare exent T O DRAPERS, Upholsterers, CDihina and G]ast WaIFRDSRehue EnadThe-To be LET, 'in n fthe grnedatesf thF oroghaesiLondoTHRE e adoben SHPS. with plrtedSHOp, frofteeSi greatobargasin. torparticuars,oo For,pappyto ic-Inul.Edad,y I,Cam. brn1idge-terrace, Edgewaet-road. L ¶ YB-TKeRSL-T, h LET,1roith HOmmEdit poses-tl sio"Pnt I boonsequener Of a death theqfirst-orate HoUSe. adPefor SeS,rem,Bishderat=-pereetithmorta them bInehusre on th~uegon; bitoorV, wi Thtocapivtal oven atorea. aones,l and excljlkte ~ntstwag s~~~~~~~~~~~~rwu ooms eheeycneinefrarno uieso ag extudt. The hophasan legnt lat-glss ron,adrtemz hoousesix atinecel ISfiveFOre-sTREETand. o be LET,o TAE with 19-nmedirato deuMos cearingl stHRteE ewiehint SHPS withb plat-lks ofrotse an& -A surenerso ctt Mahhouseswtprvtdos. Forbl pardaloeticulr 1 toMr.Tan- ton. AL Sot-amton-sreeTHut, uihor.-tows CIIT ,Toe L TO n b1roed L OUSE, re-etcbentl put inthorogh rtair. tyeroomrrlouired fourn gooee Renroms forth reaide £~l erannumfroat eterm. Inquireoat 2 Qeeno. hit-he, Upper Thames 24r-street-;o oM.Jns 7,Grostilo-stureet Chap ENNIrGTO-PoAbeLETor hAndoE, 5hVILA K somemew OUSE. fro M50tdining u andldawin room years, mllbe fitins6 Sr Aso rooms,d an dressingd Groom, sixa attic W andSpercent-va f water-clo;sets5avllys soieel, yc EApLING,Mr Aidie 3,Csex-elna Vilas LET,Funses.fr'' -TSL of1 MD IGh&t.-A fm~iLtbIL-H US,wit .1 fIve acesroi-ad. tobedLE o IDENASE. TbisPdroe edre, dresinger,oand comawnds anfine,i viwmofh officet Seawe anddppoitbe as- Agardener' bouttage, coach-h;ouse sabmles andm the dometicn onvtenUxences.ea apply to -Mr. . Hun. juent, East65 NeweBn-sre..D siuHin A inSLAndo.-To be LET, u aunfe semi-eptahedgqq4 VIor La,ne cnalledonlllbU H illa, veryspleasnly situadte. atmprthe Wesgt bend.rHamptwsd ctngrontins twopaients fodoods.Lthx bedofrooms. sutable. farg gaprdvaen oar prodefront. reaent £40.Inuirbe onilthepro.- ~-mi3r r oA.ee,gen,65North-ow, ar-street, Grvn1rsqnrc paySand8er ent. varingfrom£100up ospaci ous. 23nn weekl- Middlesex ~ o.-To be LET,.unsed o , best beomd roou drxedandu nths, to a fan,' Rent a-5 hamudasnl dretrngroos, drwingadslinnroom, an kcem garde. Abot thee-qurtersof amilefom te statien nth x bride-rod. mnihses o twn fequetly inutcars't wiew and trea aply t Mrsb,e agnt, e..55, ewondsre. 5Db H LLES-STREET between Ha unover and tucavein. Soo),a ewauwel-uit- OTSE hndomlyfite up,comrding eigt bdroms tw sttig rom (flfi.'dining kocmhe2. andflce. wal o th GeatWeter Rilwytaidge-wo e LEsT, abdo relt ahrougc hout wihe fixturesis waledgarde to etinlngh yealtil aoehndspleasnly siuate.SFor termsancrdtoveappl siutonsL HySe-pfork-seven es,% anuw exelnd tAIYESENE room, and throentti befodsrooms, wae-lse,A;covnet oete owfckres,cwithan e pcllent usprn aer, garde..Ret£8pranm gsrdn-Z =ac Pembridge Vilas, Inverness-place, Wvesthomue-street. Cr. Esaeoceg, 17, Upper Southwick-gtivet, Hy e-park. -6OMEAIRSETSHIR-E.-'-Milverton atnd Chip, 5Rble, k:~nearWeTwguton andTaunton.-WaaublepREEHOWD MrTATE-s, comprising 335 acres of good meadow, pasture, and arable land, including coppiree and patations, chiefl of a soUth aspect, and nearly -withinarngu fence, offein many excellent- building sites (the woods andplautations arc well ad'apted for gm,andain omamenaidstreaux of wacr~~theeta~Io beOLI)by AUCTION,.at the LienInn,in ivelscobe, n Wdnesay,the 28th day of Mg, next. Fel patiulas.wit pans my bha theeweelisprior to ecauctssn of innrs. . ad it Pooe an Mr 3 H, Pan, solictors, £ridgwatr;atPatlsn' Htel Tunon;th LonHotel, Wivdlisoombe: of MssrsHawks an So. lad ts Wilito; and of Mr. Charlea -D.Surag, a-Wst ove Huse~ptabe,who wil direst-a pemas rHEE ROYAL HOTEL, Sonthend, Ease-Mr. .LDazAelCronIn ,inst4ructed to S L,_for ale Lease_subject ta aground rent, or to Lt-hitrlderAble ant imPortant PROPERTY on Lease. for71,o 4yas at amoderate rent, including the excellent tapan stblnprmae, And cbRrmring residence ors the Terrace djoinn thrt,teprhsror tenant tin eithercase) having to -take the funtr,fxue,atsokat a fair valuation in the usual Way. Th eet -go h outhend RaiLwvay, five minontes, Walk frmh oel laaledstuation of the pwemiseg foraena or laud propcsadfcl e ftrade. andtherilong-ests blished successadm aetbit,aetowl known to require maores --han thementionofth csna detsment. The Royal Hotel wil continue to ~fford every.accmmodation for vistors until a pur. chaser or new tenant &balltrequire possession, so that. the bumI of the koua wilm=eetwvitlhaaointesvoptlon. ApplytoM-Nr;DaaielCrDnlD auctioneer shad estate agentt 42. Bloosnsbury'squaLre. TYTCETT ATRAVERS, Dorset.-To be LET, .LieiTt`er`fUennlTshedor uinfurisbaed at a moderate rent, and either with or wit-het the exclnat,e rirht of sprigover S,portion Of the lfanor ofaboutS.00ACrss. well sockee.WIt-h games. and ii sechl, woodeddla-isct nfieartesa, withnzaneadriveof Wimborne_Blandlord, Foole. andBournemouth. with immediate pooeessiooneitherb 1hemyear cr for a term; IL Dewly-ereced spdaciu FAI(tkY WFI- - een -armsdC prk-ike Jangtadoining.ithex hoUeste.cstaindwselr-e
MONZY4MAIzR a"de fTyIzsLLKNOR. Wednesday Zvening. Business in the English funds to-day was geneally limited, and prices presented scarcely any Tariation until the close of the aftemoon, when an improvement of an eighth took place. Consols opened at 92, to 93 for money, and 93k to i for the accournt, but left off respectively 93 to k and 931 to . Bank Stock was last quoted 211 to 212; ieduced, 91 to 92; New Three per Cents., 924 to g; India-Stock, 228 to 232; India-bonds, 8s. to 3s. discount; Exchequer-bonds, 98k to i; and Exche uer-bills (March), par to 3s. premium; (June), &3elEcount to par. The demand for money in the Stock-Exchange was again active at 6 per cent., but in the discount-market there was only a nioderate inquiry, at terms rather below those charged by the Bank-. The operations in foreign securities were unimportant, but prices exhibited firnmness during the later hours of business. TurAish Six per Cents. for the account were purchased at 98i, i, 98, and98:. In the Four per Cent. Guaranteed Stock transactions were concluded at 101f. The other bargains comprised-Brazilian Five per Cent;.,990; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. New, 94A and I the Five per Cents. New, 98; Mexican Three per Cents., 229; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 5J, 95, and 95{; Sardinian Five per Cents., for maoney, 95; for the account, 95a; Spanish Three per Cents., 45k; Spanish New Deferred, for account, 24; the Passive, 7; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 93.' and 93. The closing quotations. of he French Tlree per -Cent& on the Paris Bourse this evening were 74f. 25c. for money and '4f. 40c. for the account, -showing, on the average, general finnness. In the corn-market to-day there was no material alteration. On the 16th in-it. the prospectus was noticed of a new undertaking, called Hansor's O'efiant Gas Company, which proposes to supply gas manufactured by a new process from vegetable oil to establishments where coal gas is unattainable. A correspondent has subsequently asserted that " this is lut the revival of a project called the Vegetable (Gas Company, wshich failed a few years back, having its establishment at the same place, promising pre-cisely the same advantages, and i twhich Mr. 3Ransor -was one of the largest shareholders." In 7reply, a letter has been received from the solicitors to Hansor's Company to the effect that the two processes are entirely dissimilar, and that it wvas from being employed as an assistant, not as a shareholder, in the former scheme that iNIr. Hansor was led to a -discovery of the causes of its non-success. It is -added:- The fundamental errors of all oil gass ma3kers have con-isited in their attempting its manufacture on the same prin-Ciples as that of coal gas. Bootk's patent apparatus, which was made use of by the Vegetable Gas Company, and which Air. Hansor manipulated for years, was constructed on the -single process principle, and the patentee never succeeded in converting more than 50 per cent. of the material into ,a. The remainins 50 per cent. was deposited, partly in te forzn of hard carbon in the retorts and pipes, and partly in the form of tar and naphtha in the condenser. There was no method of either ascertaining or regulating the heat, and frequent breakages occurred with the retorts. The main features in Mr. Hansor's invention are the discovery and -adaptation of the double process and the contrivance for -ascertaining and regulating the heat, by which all chance of 'breakage to the retorts is obviated. The principle of the double process invented bv hlr. Iansor is the conversion of oily matters into vanour at a -very lo- temperature, and the subsequent carbouization of -such vapour by exposure to a greater heat in a second cham3er; the resuilts are as stated in the prospectus. "'We beg to enclose copy of specifications, both of Booth's -and lansor's patents, -whlichvill, we think, show at a glance the radical difference between the tw;o." The directors of the National Discount Company, having received a certificate of complete registration, propose to commence business at 25, Birchiniane, Cornhill, on the 1st of June. The returs of circulation of the Irish and Scotch banks for the four weeks ending the l5th of March, --when added together, give the folloming as the average w-eekly eircutlation of these banks during the past month-viz.:- Average circulation of the Irish banks .. 6,591,513 Average circulation of the Scotch banks ... 3,819,813 Average circulation during past month ... £10,411,326 On conparing the above mith the fixed issues of the several banks, as given in the Bankin -A Imanac, the following appears to be the state of the circa1ation The rish banks are above their fixed issue ... £2i7,019 She Scotch banks are above their fixed issue ... 732,604 Total above the fixed issue ... ... ... £969,62S The amounts of gold and silver held at the head offices of the several bankls during the past month have been as follows - Gold and silver held by the Irish banks t£2,213,341 Gold and silver held by the Scotch banks 1,663,091 Total of gold and silver held ... ..£3,876,432 The above statements complete the returns of -the circulationin England, Scotland, and Ireland for the month ending the 16th of Mlarch, which -were partly inserted in The Tirnes of the 23d of April. These returns, combined with the average circulation of the Bank of England for the same period, wi1 give the following results of the circulation of notes in the united ing,dom when compared with the previous month - onow1ng a decrease of 435,2941. in the circulation of notes in England, and a decrease of 834,0911. in the circulation of the tunited king-dom, when compared with the month ending the 16th of February; and as compared with the month ending the 17th of MIarch, 1855, the .above rMturus show a decrease of 474,2841. in the -circulation of notes in England,. and a decrease of 532,102!. in the circulation of the united kingdom. The average stock of bullion held by the Bank of Igland inl both departments during the month ending, the 15th of March 'was 10,569,7541., being an increase of 20,2061. as compared with the previous month, and a decrease of 2,944,552!. when compared with the same period last year. The stock of specie hold by the Scotch and Irish banls during the month ending the 15th of March was 3,8716,4321., being a decrease of 174,1451. as compared with the previous return, and an increase of 162,5481. when compared with the corre-sponding period of last year.
TBR REPOBT. Wednesday Evening. TALLOw.-The mnarket is steady at 47s. 3d. on the spot, 4Gs. Gd. and 46s. 9d. for the last three months. The delivery for consinmption continues 1zrge-652 cask; for two dzys.
STATE OF TpADE. MIANCHESTER, APRIL 22. The market has again risen, owing to the upward course af prices in cotton at Liverpool, where American staples went up yesterday fully Ad. per lb. on receipt of the Canada's adnices. Sipinners have reaped the full advantage of this advanice for cops and warps required by the home trade, and have obtained 4d. per lb. more than on last Tuesday. with a good busines3. In shipping yarns there 1as not been much business, export houses being deterred by the grear advance on prices here now as compared with the rates obtainable at last advices in foreign markets. For the same reason the buyers of cloths for export hold back. The business on foreign account to-day has been extremely limited, but manufacturers persist in demanding an advance; and if cotton keeps up, as it is generally thought now that it wsill merchants will have to come inl probablyat still higher rates. Therehas been a steady demand from the home trade for some days past, and an advance of I'd. per piece has been established. Manufacturers are not relatively in so good a position as spinners, the latter obtaining, with the present brisk denmand from the trade, the prices they ask, while an advance by the former on cloth to cover the increased cost of yarn aniust paralyzes trade. 3Messrs. John Slagg and Co. report :-" There has been a ateady demand during the week for the home trade, and on printing cloths of various widthLs an advance of i-id. per piece iS readily obtained. In other respects there is no han"e in the market since Tuesday liast. Buyers continue to ho'id back as much as ever, and producers, owing to tho advance in the raw material and in yarns, eTince even less disposition to sell, and consequentl the market has been, on the whole, exceedingly inanimate." NOTTINGHAM, APRiL 23. The lace trade has this week been more quiet; still there is a fair amount of business transacting, and the delightful change in the weather will increase the demand, as the actiTity usual at this season of the year has been delayed in consequence of the lateness of the spring. In most branches In hosiery the high prices of the raw material is creating a diiculty among the manufacturers, who assert that they cannot obtain a faireomunerative price for their goods. UJpon tLe whole, the trade is in a very satisfactory state, and the operativeB are well employed at good waes.
RAILWAY AND MINING SHA RE Wednery Evening. There was little activity in the railway-maret to-day, and quotations generally ishowed a tendency to decline. The absence of business exercised an unfavourable influence upon the best classes of shares, not excepting Indian-and French. Few transactions took place in Australian land and banking shares, but prices continue to be fairly supported. Mining and micellaneous securities were neglected. Bank of Egypt left off 1- to # pm.; Ottoman Ban2;, 1+ to si pm.; Western of London, 3i to 2+ dis.; AlL;ance BanX, 1A to i dis.; Iondon andl Paris, 3i to 21s.i.; National Discount Gompany, 1 tog pm.; Rioa Railway, 4 to i pm.; and LombardcVenetian,6ktoflpm.
MmoRIAL OF THE FLOOD AT HoLxysRTr.-On Monday the foundation-stone was laid of a row of almshouses at Holmfirtb, near Huddersfield, to commemorate the great flood there on the 5th of February, 1852. The authorities, principal inhabitants, and several lodges of Freemasons took part in the proceodings. Under the stone, besidee other memorials, was placed a brass plate, with the following inseription:-" The foundation-stone of the Holnfirth Monumental Alnshousee, erected to commemorate the great flood caused by the bu rting of the Bilberry Reserroir, 5th of Febraary, 1852, by wiuch upwards of 80 lives were lost, and also -the munnifcent liberality of the British public, was laid by She 'ProTincil Grand Lodge of Freemasonsof West Yorshre, on Monday, 21st April, 1858. A. L. 5,858." A sera.n h,ad been previously creahed at the church by the Rev. Mr. YardeD, 2nd at the laying of the stone Mi. Floyd, o< Holme Valley-lodge, delivered su adOdrxess.; Yarious cQamemorative diannrs were glvea et
IRELAND. . 3AYOOT. I (nOx oim OWN OO1uL 3"JNT.) DUBLIN. TuESDAY MoRNmna- An influential organ of the Ulster Disenters (the Belfast Mercury), which cannot be charged rith any undue partiality for Pope or Popery, contains a lengthened article condemnatory of the recext successful assault upon Maynooth. A brief extract Will sufficiently explain the tone of the argument:- "Everyone wishes that his neighbour was of the same way of thinking as himself iiLalatters of religiou]s creed, and attempts not a few have been made by anthoritative prohibitions and coercions of the inost riorous kind, but they all failed; they were as unwis as they were unjust and crueL Every good Protestant is anxious that there was not a ' Papist' in all Ireland, and the Roman Catholics have nothing.more at heart than that the Protestant ' heretics' should all follow the example of the apostatizing Oxford di - vines;but nopartial laws, nolawscalkuLated to mike religious distinctions, can have any such effect. Yet this futile principle is exactly that upon which Mr. Spooner .and ot'ers argue when they now hope to damage the ompan Cntholic Church in Ireland in some way or other. T;he endow'-ant is one long established, continued, and finally ratified by act of Parliament. The nati a1 faitlh is thus pledged,aDd we cannot conceive an-v contingenev v;hich would justify its violation. No d i ff^.re: of creed, at leavtB, catL ever be fairly tak!en into consiceration nuot such a question among a people so varied and mixed in their religious beliefs. We are not to sit in judgment urnon one another's relilious opinions when we are dealinig -ith temporal matters. That 'would be imitating, in a reverse order, the practice which Mr. Spooner condeznns in the 'Roman Catholic hierarchy; and, even if we were not to takle this high gound, vweshould find, in considerations of a prudent policy,-tha necessity of desisting from a proceeding which could only cause discontent, il feeling, and indignation." The hon. member for Dungarvan, in one of his communications to the Cork Examiner, gives it as his opinion that if the Spooner coUp were ultimately successful, and that the education of the priesthood were thrown upon the people, there would be no fear whatever of the result. In other words, that the priests, relieved from Governmnent support, would be far greater objects of universal sympathy than they now are with the more zealous of the Roman CSatholic laity. But of the auithor of all the confusionl Mr. Maguire observes,- " This poor short-sighted creature will not see that he is sharpening a swrord with which to pierce the establishment to the heart. It iS true, he miay-or his successor maydestroy Maynooth; but the moment Maynooth falls that moment will the shock of its fa3l operate like an earthquake on the mightier fortress; and from top to bottom il be rent and shattered its crimsoned walb, its bastions, its towers, and all its proud defences. Those who in their stupid frenzy shout poor Spooner on to his suicidal work will yet have reason to curse him as a meddlin fool-as the greatest enemy Protestantism has ever had in reland." The "Dublin Protestant Association" met last night for the joint purpose of thankig Mlr. Spooner and denouncing the conduct of the Derbyito leaders in the louse of Commons, who ingloriously shirked the question and left the honours of victory to the former and his band of many-hued supporters. Here is what a Dublin Orangeman, high in the confidence of the brethren, thinks of such backslidings:- "H e believed they were more particularly called upon to l e on their guard when they found the Preis, which they were informed was the special organ of Mr. Disraeli and the Derby partv in England, treading on such delicate ground, and announcing that ' the position of the Conservative leaders is the samie as that of their political predecessors'that they are treading in theirfootsteps. (Hear.) Looking back to history, they found it to be a lamentable fact that the great Protestant and Conservative party had been twice broken up by the treachery of their leaders,-Sir Robert Peel and the Duke of Wellington-the men in whose footsteps the Press informed them the Conservative chiefs of the present daywere following. ((Hear, hear.) On looking at the division list upon the MIaynooth 4uestion lie found the names of Lord John Manners, Chief Commissioner of Woods and Forests under Lord Derby's Government, aud of Colonel Dunne, late Clerk of the Ordnance, voting in favour of the grant, 'while Sir F. Thesiger, the able and accomplished Attorney-Genexal of the same Administration, paired off for it likewise. (Hisses.) The Derbyite party hadmade sedulous attempts to cushion the question altogether, and were most anxious toprevent Mr. Spooner from bringing it under the consideration of Parliament, wishing rather to coquette with a fewv miserable Popish boroughs than to go along with the great voice of the people. (II Shame.") When Disraeli, after hunting Peel brought in a budget as free trade as ever Peel contemplated, anda! more free trade than ever Peel proposed, the great party of whom he was leader was without a cry to go to the country. Disraeli wrote letters to the various Protestant Associations throughout the united kingdom, telling them that if they created a Protestant spirit anld Protestant majorities he would go along with them and would embrace certain Protestant views. Was this such a course of conduct as great statesmen ought to purse ? (Hear, hear.) A great statesman, in his opinion, ought boldly and above board to state his views, po7licy, -and principles, and let them go forth to the naton and be by them supported, if approved of; but a man of priciple had no right to hunt up and cry up a particular question for the sa'e of putting hinself *and his colleagues in place and-power. ('Hear, hear,' and applause.)" THE asUnDER OF. MRS. nELLY. Yesterday's proceedings at Moate have not tended to throw any fresh ig,ht upon the mystery of Mrs. Kelly's assassination. The mag,isterial inves.tigation was conducted with closed doors, so that the press agents could only glean a fewv hearsay itemus of news inadditon to wh-at had been already known. The inquiry in f uther adjourned to Thursday, Mr. Strevens and the other suspected parties remaining in custody. The reward forthe discovery of the murderers has been increased to 600l., the 5001. being the contribution of a Dr. Baily, bho, it seems, hag been bequeathed a large portion of the overgrow wealth of the murdered -woman. The followio is supplied by the reporter of the Freem's Journa:- "The inquiry into the circumstances connected with the murder of the late Mr Sarah Kelly took place yesterday at 1Moate before five orsix of the magistrates of the district, including Mr. Cronin, R.M. Itwasnotconsidered advisable to admit the reporters of the public press who were in attendance from Dublin, and we are therefore unable to give a detailed report of the proceedings. Mr. F. W. Brady, with M£r. Nesbitt, solicitor, attended to watch the proceedings on behalf of the representatives of the deceased lady. Mr. D. C. Heron, with Mr. Findlator, solicitor, attended on behalf of Mr. George Strevens, who is in custody since the time of tho murder. The other persons in custody are Kinaban, a tenant on the Ballinderry estate, which it is stated becomes the property of Mr. Campion, a gentleman who was for many years Mrs. Kelly's confidential solicitor, and a man named Bannon, a nephew of Kinaban, and who was brought during the week to Mullingar gaol, but was sent back to Moate yesterday morming. There is also in custody a man named Watters, who lived on the lands. We are informed that MIr. Campion was under examination the greater part of the day, and that his evidence had reference chiefly to Mr. George Strevens and his dealings with Mrs. Kelly, for whom he managed the portion of the Ballindery estate which she held in her own hands. There was another witness examined, after which the inquiry was adjourned to Thursday next. The nmagistrates were of opinion that Mr. Strevens ought to be further remanded t that day, -when they will decide upon the course they shall pursue towards him. The other persons also remain in custedy. htr. Jullian, the Crown Solicitor, was in attendance, and was engaged in reducing the evidence to writing in the form of depositions. From aUl we could learn, the murder seems to be still involved in conside-able mystery, notwithstanding the exertions that have been made to discover information. Dr. Baily, a gentleman related to the late Mrs Kelly, and to whom she has, it is said, left the estate and mansion of Rookkwood, in tho county of Roscommnon, and 100,000!., besides appointing him residuary legatee, has offered a reward of a for such infirmation as will lead tothearrest of the murderers TheLord-Lieutenant has also offered a reward of 1001., making a total of 600l The earth around where the unfortunate lady met her dreadful death was examined again early yesterday morning by the polce, and a second bullet was found." ENCUlrnl}ERED ESTATES COURT. A petition was presented yesterday by the Right Hon. George Arthur Hastings, Earl of Granard owner and petitioner, for the sale of his estates in the county of Longford. The net rental is 5,8191. per annum. This, however, is only a small portion of his LIordship's property, the bulk of which is situated in the county of WVestmeath. THE CAVAN CON-VICS. It is stated that an application will shortly be made to the Court of Criminal Appeal to reverse the sentence pronounced against Thomas Dunne, who was convicted at the recent special commission as being accessory to the murder of Miss Rinds, and sentenced to be executed on the 16th of MIay next, with Murphy, who was one of the actual assassins. One of the Dublin papers says:- "It is alleged that a mis-trial has taken place in the case of Dunne, the ground of error, we believe, being the circumstance, reported fully at the time, that, after the juy were sworn and the case stated, one of them, having been takenill, was removed, and anotherjuror taken from the panel and substituted for hin. It is stated that the prisoner should then have been directod to look to his cbxllenges, but that this was not done, and that the substituted juror was added without any right of challenge being given to the prisoner. Another objection is reportedto be that when the substituted juror was sworn tho Attorney-General should have re-stated the case, but that he mnerely asked whether the juror had been in court and heard him open the case, and, on being answered in tho aflirmative, then proceeded to produce evidence. This, it wi probably be contended, was insufficientx as the juror did not hear the case opened when under the obligation of an oath, and might bave entered the boxwith a prejudice agaibst tha prisoner. If the (bourt of Criminal Appeal should decide with the Crown and overrule the objections, it is stated to be theintentionof counsel for the prisoner to bring the matter into the Court of Error. If the points beruled against the Crown, the resalt would be that x re-trial of Dunne would ta'e place as the E next izes. -The necessary steps, we believe, have been -taken to have the question immtditely brought before-t4ie Court." THE RAN-)COOX DELACOUR CASE. The case of "K Kelly v. Hlandcock," which occupied the Court of Chanlcerfor t'ae fir3t two day. of the present ternm, was decided yesterday morning: $TeLrChancellor,in giving judgment, stated was a peEtitin by William Kielly, the brothDer of rs.andeocic wbho claimed as one of the next of kIdn o f lliss Honorsa Handcoek, that certain judgments hich had been obtained by Mrs. Handcock in her lifetimae yajanst Miss onoria Eandcockc, *nd which formed oportion of the consideration of the recent compromizse in the suit of I Hndcock v.* Delaconr,' should be set aside, or that an account be taken of what was really due on foot of them; and that anaccountshould be taken of her personal estate. The object of this sUit (said the Chancellor} is to go behind the compromise which the Courtt$hen sanctioned as being for the benefit of the minor John D)elacour, and which compromise as af er-w-ar.e sanctioned by an act of Parlialent. The minor is not before the Court as a party to the suit, aud yet he is flhe person principaUy interested in the questions raised by tVie petition. The effect of -ranting the relief sought by the petition would be to take from him so much as is impeached by this petition of tihe consideration which he got for giving up t'1 claim to that property. I cannot allow those securities to he now impeached, after having been set up and established by an act of Parliament, more particularly as -.he petitioner in the former suit made a9fidavits in which he sovore that Miss Handcock was perfectly qualified to manage her orn affairs at the time she confessed those Jud ents, and refers tD her conduct towards him as evidence ofthe kindness of her disposition. I must dismiss this petition with costs, as far as t seeksto go beyond a common account ; and, as it is unnecessary to keep the executors of Mrs. Hlandoock before the Court any longer, the petition as to them must also be dismissed with costs, the rest of the petition, as far as it seeeks a common account of the assets of Bonoria, to be referred, along with the petition of MIr. Power, a creditor of Mtiss Handcock, to the same mnster." THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols., 921; ditto for account, May 8, 92A ; Three per Cent. Ieduced,L9%A; New Three per Cent. Stock, 92J A ,,; ditto, for account, May 8, 93' 93; Bank Stock, 223S; Grand Canal Company (1001. pad;, 38; Ming Coimpany of Ireland (71. paid), 13' J. iulrays. Cork, BLack-rock, andPassage (20!. paid), 1 Dublin-. nd Belfast Junction (45!. paid), 444; Dublin and Drogheda (75. paid), 62k; Dublin and Kiigetowan, half-shares, (171. 10s, paid), 20.s. i ex div.; Great Southern and Western (.501.paid) 5l« ; ditto, for accor,nt, 5]j; Irish South Estern (12g. paid), 5s-; Killarney Junction (101. paid), 9+}; MIidland Great Ye2stern an2d R olyal Can3I (501. paid), 50k; ditto, half-shares (25. paid), 25 4.. WEDs-ESDAY MonR.a. ENDOWED SCHOOLS' COMnrSSION. Tife Lord-Lieutenant has appointed iMr. James Williar lurland, chairman of the Dublin and Drogheda Railway Company, to make a special inspecton f the estates under the management of the Comnmissioners of Education in Ireland, the governors of the schools founded by Mr. Erasmus Smlith, th Incorporated Society, and other estates belonging to the endowed schools in Ireland. THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 92b 4; ditto, for account, May 8, 921 R A; New Three per Cent. Stock, 921 2; ditto for account, hlay 8, 921 3; Dublin and Kingstown Railway debentures, 4 per cent., of 1001., 98; Hibernian Bank (251. paid), 31; Royal Bank of Ireland (101. paid), 9IS;. Railways.-Cork, Blackrock, and Passage (201. paid), 114 ; Dublin and Wicklow (101. paid), 5,4; Great Southern and Western, 4 per cent. preference (20. paid in full), 184; Midland Great Western and Royal Canal (501. paidl, 501 61ditto, halves (25!. paid), 251 A; Waterford and Limericl, for account (501. paid), 22k; ditto, 5 per cent. preference (501. paid), 43.
CITY COMMISSIO.N OF SEWERS. Yesterday a Court was held-,at which Mr. DeputyPeacock presided. THE DELAY Rl OPENING THE OSTY CEM-EERY. Mr. Dx JERsEY said, that much delay having occurred in the op' ng of the cemetery, and the nrublic having ascribed that relay to various causes, among vwhich were the alleged inactivity of the corporation and the disinclination upon the part of the clergy to consecrate the ground until their claim 'to certain fees were acknowledged and allowed, he wished to he informed how the case exactly stood. The CHAIarx stated that it was his earnest wish to clear the Court of all imputation, well Inowing that it was the eager desire of all the members that the business of the cemetery should be commenced with. aU possible expedition. As long ago as the end of last February it had been intimated by the Bishop of London's officers that all the impedimentsto the consecration of the ground had been withdrawn. Since that time the parishes had met, and by a large majority had approved of the fees and charges proposed by the commissioners for adoption at the cemetery. These circumstances had been officiaUly made known on the 4th of April to the Archdeacon of London, who, however, had not replied to the communication, and the same information adbeen transmitted to the Secretary of State, but as yet without having had the effect of expediting the proceedings. 3Mr. Davr (the chief clerk), having been called upon to produce the corresondence which had ta-en place between hm ande Archdeacon of London and Sir George Grey, read the letters which had been written on the subject of opening the ground, and after some conversation expressing the feeling of the Court at the unjust imputation cast upon the corporation of having been instrumental to the delay, it was unanimously agreed that the chief clerkslhould transmit another letter to the Archdeacon, requesting in the most earnest manner the reply of the rev. gentleman. SASITARY MATrEII-CaWS IN THE CITY. Dr. LEn EZBY, the officer of health, made his report, from which we extrct the following, after a statement of the favourable condition of the public health:- "Your inspector, Mr. Williams, has informed us that complaints have been made to him of the offensive effiuvia whichl arise from a manure heap in the cowyard at 1, St. James's-place, idgate. I have therefore *vsited the locality, and have to report that there is, I fear, just ground for complaint. The manure- heap receives the dung from 18 cows, and, as I believe, 11 horses. Inthis way there accumulates in the course of the day a large mass of decomposing matter, which is carted off about three times in the week. The receptaclefor the manure is not constructed according to the regulations which have been submitted to you by your engineer, 3r. Haywood, for the receptacle is open to the air, and is not provided with a close-fitting lid. The pavement in the cowhouse is also in bad condition. I have to recommend, therefore, that orders be given for the laying of a better pavement, and that the manure be carted away at least once in every 24 hours. "Now that the subject of the city cowhouses is before me, I think- it right to endorse the opinion of my predecessor and of your engeer, that the keeping of cows within the city should be abandoned. In fact, the means whereby an adequate supply of good count-ry miLk can be regularly furnished to the inhabitants is now9 so ample and complete that there is really no necessity for the maintenance of cows within the boundaries of this metropolis. The locality in which they are usually kept is often densely populated, and not. overcdean. The animals are' placed in iiost unnatural conditions. They are confined, or rather packed, in close and badly-ventilated sheds, with a superficial area of froia 20 to 30 feet to each animaL They are tethered up in such a manneras to allow of no other motion or exercise beyond that of getting up and lying down. They are fed upon food which Is altogether unnatural to them, but which experience has shown will yield a laTge prodauce of miLk. They breathe an atmiosphere charged with moisture and effete matters, and thus are they submitted to a combination of unwholesome influences, which at last engender disease. In fact, the animals thus badly provided for become the subjects of consumption, and the milk is more or less charged with diseased products. We know not the consequences of this, but, if it be a fact well recognized by the profession that the bodily development of the child is much influenced by the food supplied to it from the nurse, and that the disease of the one may be thus propagated to the other, it is not too much to suppose that there is danger in the continued use of food charged wit& the products of disease. I submit it to you, therefore, as being lighly desirable, if not absolutely necessary, that this condition of things should be put an end to. In the year l853 there were 26 cowhouses within the city, and these contained 266 cows. I believe that most of those houses exist at the present time, and I may add that they are all more or less an annoyance to the neighbourhood in which they are situated."
THE PninERns' PrE2siox SocIry.-The anmiversary festival of this society took place on Tuesday even ing at the London Tavem, where a select party sat down to an elegant dinner at G o'clock. The chair was filled by Sir IL L Murchison, D.C.L., and the list of stewards included the names of the two Sheriffs, Colonel Sykes, Chairman of the East India.Company, Mr. Vemon, ILP., Mr. Ingram, M.P., 3Mr. Barrow, of the Admiralty, Professor T. Be1l M1r. G. Clowes, Dr. Francis, llr. Longman, Mfr. Kaye, Mr. Murray, Sir C. P. Roney, Dr. Gibb, &c. After the isual loyal and constitutional toasts, the Chairman rose. and advocated the interests of the institution in a very able and humorous speech, forcibly appealing to the sympathies of the public in behalf of the "poor printer," who was es- i psed to innumerable risks from various sources-to illthe , poverty, blindness, and the pernicious influence of the minerals composing the type, to the effect of which he, as a mineralogist, could bear ample tesimony. The report showys that this society, like others, has felt the pressure of the times, and that the annual subscriptions have slightly fallen off in consequence. It is gratifying, however, to find that they have not been so materially affected as might, under the circumstances of the 'trade, have been expected. The total subsc ons announeed by the secretary amounted to neary 400?. The toast of "The Corporation of I.sdonsi was aftcswards pro- poed from the chair in higily complistxtary terms;1 (coupled with "The Healths of the Sheri<."), and Mr. Aldermanand Sheriff Kenasedy returned ianks. :"Ti Health of the Chairman, Sqr }&.1. Murekicson," was proposed by Colonel Sykeis and duly respodedto. TUearrangements of the fesiiml by 3Messrs 13:he and Co. were worthy: of the establishiuant. The mnsi*l enter t'naeo was provided by Mrz. -enRc, and Mn: Hxggs w:Y; ae efiicieut f.oastmaster..' PI SBRxTE:PIi S&tMIOD.-The anlual (o&rt- is being held at Liverpool,'-whero the g was osed yesterday. One of thibefcippalsuWects of disuas"'will be the introducticoa of an orgau mato St. Geowrg*' Chapel, Liverpool, whitbWky some is de*3Asod an infr mmengt of one of the rules af the Presbyteriain body. Thei George Lewis, of DIkdley, has been. eiected YodKxato' Kr the ensumg year. -' THE aN-io GrNmrA-L Ou_NisaB Vo=1_iY.- I Traffic Statemont, week ending April 19.-Total number of omnibuses at' 'work, 445. Average number running daly throughout the week, 435. Total raeeelnts. S,5S.2l3 1. lda Averge per omnibus for saveu days; 19l. 14s. sd.
-.- - .ROYAL ITALIAN OPERA - The Eslisr d'Amwre, one of the most enchanting lyric pastorals, was represented on Tuesday night, and with ruch effect as to suggest that the ILYceum Theatre is rauch better adapted to opera buffa thanto opera erna. Donisatti's A PArlaiagw tunes proved just as brilliant as the heaver |nelodic phrases of Signor Verdi have been dul; aud thtI opera, on the whole efficiently represented-althougn tihe cast was by no means so strong as we have witnessed-passed offwith great spirit. L'Etiair dAmore like the Bardicre di ivigYia, i5 worth any amonnt of pains bestowed upon it, and supported by first-rate pe formers would always proveattractive. 'The distribution of ch ractersonTuesiay night ws not altogether first-rate; but, under the circumstances, we believe it was impossible for the magageuent tosubstitute abetter. Madame Bosio, who had been announced to make her rentree in Adin indisposed, andherplaesupplied by hademoiseUe darzi. Though in her way a very excellent singer, this young lady does not possess all the requisites for the appropriate impersonation of the familiar village coquette. Her performance on Tuesday night was extremely clever, but tow uniformly cold. It wanted sentiment, andit wanted that unstudied grac wlhich can alone render the delineation of such a personage as Adina truly acceptable. With the singing of Mademoisclle M1arai there was little fault to find, and with her execution of the well-known " Prendi per me" (where Adina first zeveals her real character to Nemorino) aone whatever. The cabaleUa (a poor one) was delivered with such fluency as to prove (had there been any want of proof) that Mademoiselle Marai was an accomplshed vocalist. well Waersed in the brarura school of the Italiaus. It was xpplauded as it deserved. Signor Gardoni (his first appearanc1e) was Nemorino, aud, on the whole, larin excepted, we have not seen a better. He acted, with a great deal of natural ease, and sang the plaintive air, "'Una fnrtiva lagrima," with genuine feeling. judiCiously a-oiding those ilorid embellishments with which so many singers (who oughtto knmow better) ara in the habit of overlaying and spoiling it. The Beloore of Signor Tagliafico was remarkable for everything but humour. The chara*ter was thoroughlfy understood, and the music executed with uniform facility and correctness, but the general conception wanted that Aciness to which Signor Tamnburini-even in those days when his voice had become a matter of historyaccustomed us. The grest feature, however, was the Dxilcamara of Signor Ponconi, which, having been missed for a season, was all the more keenly relished. This marvelloud performance would alone have sufficed for the amusement of an evening. The entr&c of the calculating charlatan, when from his chariot he extravagantly apostrophizes the virtues of his nostroms was as exquisitely pomupous and maguiloquent as ever. The "Udite, o rustici" was never, indeed, snore unctuously delivered. The seene where Dulcamara sucoessfully practises his arts of deception upon the simple lTemorino, and that in which he isakes just as greAt aj?asc* with the more knowaing Adina, were equally admirable, equally full of diverting byplay, of unauticipated soddities and conceits. One noticeable point in the acting of Signor llonconi is that, while always strikingly original, it is rarely 'twice the same. What he does is inrariably from impulse. He never seems to have an instant's doubt of its propriety -and consequently of its success. The truth is that his invention is as exhaustless as his powers of execution are ready; and whatever idea may present itself to h;s singularly imaginative mind is realized as soon as conceived. We can only find one word to-represent this peculiar git, and that word is genius. In the hands of Signor Ronconi the wily Dulcamara unfolds a character. of twofold interest. Even when swindling his dupes he puts on, with charming effrontery, the outward attribut*E of a bon enfan., and, by artfully asming a deep sympathy with the fortunes of his victims, creates a peculiar interest for uimself, of which it is probaRle the author never thought, but to which the composer of the music owes no small amount of gratitude. The costume of Signor lonconi, and especially hiswig, isasdifficult to describe as those more subtle characteristics of his performance which utterly escape analysis. The choruses aud orchestral accompsniments were given to perfection. The scenery was good, the dresses -were. new and characteristic, and altogether the performauce of l:Elisir d'Amorewas a genuine treat to connoisseurs. After the opera a f.uat diretisemnent, by ML Desplaces (the music by Signor Panizzi), entitled the Hamadryadcs, was produced, in which MAdemoiselle Esper, and some other ladies, hitherto unrecognized among the acknowledged daughters of Terpsichore, tool part. What was the design. Of this entertai-nent, and why it was caled the Hemadryades, we leave to those more profoundly versed in such matters to explain. All wo could make out was that thera were one ortwo pretty pe dcensmbI4, in which Mademoisele Esper figured conspicuously, and a handsome scene at the end which reminded us of something we had alredy witnessed at the Lyceum when under the rUleof Mr. Charles Mathews. There was a crowded house; and among the audience VW observed the Sardinian Minister, Count Cavour, in a privt, box, with the Marquis d'Aeglio.
BLEACiaG Worns (No. 2) Br,.-A second bil on the subject of bleaching works has been brought in by lEr. L Butt, Lord John Manners, Viscount Godericb, and Mr. CrookL It enacts that the lnspectors of Factories shall be inspectors for carrying the act into efTect- From and after the lst of November next ao child is to be publicly employed in any bleaching work, but children under 11 tears of age may be employed in the houses of their prents. Xoung persons between U and 18 years of age are ony to be employed between 6 rau. and 6 p.m., with intervals of one half hour for brealfast and one hour for dinner. On Saturdayswork will tease at 2 p.m; Offences against this act will be punishable by fines of 2Z. to 101., to be recovered on summary conviction. The inspectors are armed with powers to enter bleaching works, and to inspect documents, and to, call for information. Certificates of age must be given to the occupiers of sach workis by parents before their children can be employed; and the eiving of a false certificate'will subject the offender to fine and imprisonment. -egisters are to be kept in every blewching -work; after-work vi'lw be lawful in cases of necessity, but entries of the circumstances must be made, with thereason for the employment and the timne during which it lasted, with all the Other pxrticulars, and notics of the fact must be given to, the inspector the following day. VWith this exception, the hours of labour are limited to. i0 per dienb and 60 per week,. The anchester Gnanrdian says " that the onlyiaportant difference between thie bill and the bill No. 1, bearing the same title and previously introduced by the same members, isto be found in the interpretationclauses, which materially vary the definition of ' bleaching works as follows :-The words 'bleaching work,' wherever they occur in this act, shall be taken to mean any enclosure, room, house, shed, building, or other premises or place whatsoever, whether open or eovered, used for the purpose of carrying on the trade or business of a bleacher or dyer of linen or cotton goods, or in which, in the trade and business of & bleacher or dyer, any woven fabric or twist or yarn of linen or cotton shall be bleached or dyed, or in which anyprocess incidental to such bleaching or dyeing sball be carned on. Whenever any of the processes of ealendering, finishing maing-up, or pacling any linen or other fabrics, after th; same shall have been bleached or dyed, or any other process used in the preparation of such dyed or b leached goods, shall be earned on in conuexion with any bleaching work as above defined, then and in that case al calelndering rooms, mangling rooms, lapping rooms, lapping lofts, and all other rooms, buildings, and premiises, of what nature or iind whatsoever, in w ich any such processes shall be so carried on, shall be deemed to be part of such bleaching work within the meaning of this act. Any part of such bleaching work maybe taken to mean a bleaching -work within the meaning of this act; but this enactment shall not extend to any pxrt of such penmises rused solely as z wallinehouse." Thx Ihow AND CoA TitDanys-The iron trada continues to improve and orders a*re coming in freely. The demand for sheets has been lull of lae, but it is now much btter; plates, angle iron, daia cableg, and anchomsb are in much greater request thau they were. Good mine pi irom is much aonght after, and&ie ten&ney is upward. tinder iron is not in very great *naaad, and some of the fotndrie4 are not doing much work, TEhe oemey-market is stilltight, andthedrain on the Bak of Enylind for goiUoperates against us, but there is not much cause for u.anass as there is a considerable mowunt of speco comiog in firom Austra;la, and the deraa&d for glA will abate as the arniei; return froma the East. Thae ngotiations betweeni Lor. Ward and the propritors ef the Oak Arn JIronwockse are at an end for the present. TIase forgesanud-ils- his Lordihp. is eaectiag at t. Round. Oak. Bzierley-hill, bid fair t:a em4ival any in. the district. and will give empleyment to a large number of hns In close connexion with, these he has a number of fvzuaces. wiu have been in. blast aomne years, awill w nahls bih Lordship to convsy his peg iron (on acuount of the e transit) to the mills-au& liges which ai*now beisa erec at a cheap rate_ !he- ccal trade is vary inctive. but ihopriceisstill manainen The collies- arenob dsingmech wo.k at the sal*pits& aunt of traie, but ta 'it wconedted with fuw. cesaA forges keec renttolrae y lwel emeployed' M2- de-ad for whitt iuonstos& and gubbin. the produce cf the 'diwict, is bri4aaA ndthe pricxe Airm. A large quantity of isos ore is still beinkgiDu~rted into this locality fr a,diskaace, some of wbhisb sertains a fair percentage of i.;o. but a considera,be po*bios of it is of a&very queetioniasa dcter.-WotiwsSnea (Thrrid*, - ClT inT&rss ~il W.&SiXOvSES.-T±zo long-'vexed queta. ato whether tha corporation of Landon is disposed ta provide these -alwslein.stitutions for the humbler classes of the citizens wil in aU probability, be decided iA the CourL of Common Coasnl to-day (Thursday), when tlrepo" of the Corn,,Co,, and Finance Comuiitteo of the corporation, to whoml te petition of the guardians ci the .est London Union praying for their establishbr*t m the city of London, had been efierred, Fill be considered. Tha report recommands the western wing of Fatrlngdon.market as.& desirable locality for their erection, the shops' in which have been untenanted for mauy vears and arc likely to remain so. The pr.perty is, theref,re, altogether RU=eI lnameraivo to the corporatiaon
C ADNAVALi REVIEW.- Screw Propeller.-. IS _13liTH T&.STl3MONIA_L 1'UND.-The Provisional tt,oindttee ci die stove Fund feel that they cannot allow the approacbing display of na ratZ power to pass over, exciting as it dots the pride and interest of al ns.-aof theircoutntryuieu, without againi appealing t, general sym-etity in favour of the gentleman from whose talents and aboors. has i.e-n derectiy derived the ptculiar efluidency of that magnificent force. They fee: boundl to point out that every vessel of that force, from the thr-ee-deker to thb gunboat, owes her special capa-bility, whether Is-~ ocean warfare or for coasting operations, to the successful applieation of ani invention whicm, though lonig known and ofteni triedt bad be-nen eneally regurded as ha rcticable, Ia ie eartil, oweer,t~s pactcalartofscrew navigation was commnrel b th tit voageof he rchmeds, the first ocean screw And he feetnorssemledat Sith ad,as well as the entire screw Yavyof ~igtn.tahi aftr sip, nd lanafter clasa-Ifrons the ltatierto he ukeof Wlligto-h ot easthe direct result of the trias ad eu ags o theArcimeds. hanwas the origin and succe3s nose an courage of r..P Smith, woeisncive cnito suit dotesuinlinthat screw propulsion coul and should he matde Ia Peronalycogizat f te fct conecedwiththe introduction and Tingres f te sstm, ndselnesesis hesteady perseverance with whichitt mithhas ontined t devte teshet years of his life in deeoigthe capabilities of the ecrew, the Committee are sensible fh±lerefor-to hare heen atteinded as y'et withi a sucoess very mnades5uate to the merits of the case they now advocate, and while expressing their thanks to the miany uiliuential gentlemen whoee names and sukseriptioni so greatly aidI them in urging the claims of M1r. Smuith as a rnatioual bvenefactor, and while gratefully acknowledging the recent eupp1Ort of a peso graciously awarded by Her Majesty forbi sserMioos in sres,a conni.=exioni with the eavy, they -till beilevethat thero are msatey of their countrymen. in all ranks andi classes, to whose 'public sjirit they may crouddently appeal for co-operation and examnple i,raLvsing a competent reward forthe successful introduction of so great maimpruovxemet in the sneans. of maritime~ entlerpriste, hot which they kn,ow to have been as barren of pecuniary recomupense to Mdr. Smith jbmsinnef as it hast been conducive to the power anid reputation of ENagl-nd andI advantog;eou to the commerce of the worfld PROVISIONAL COMM3ITTEE, James Allan, Lsq., Managing Director of the Peninsul[ar and Oriental C,empany ChArles Atlrrton, -Sp., Chief Engineer, 11.3. Dock-yard, Woolwich Josephi Beardinore, &eq.. 'Manager of the General Steam -Navigation C,oni-- y's; Engine-works, fl Woti~_aso Bial, Evt1., F.R.S., engineer, London Isasnt,r'l K. Birunel. lis_p . Ft, C.E. Edwar,i Chappell, V.q., Capt. R.N., Secretary to theRtoyal WVest India Mall Conipany ~ ~ IIScewStamShp Sn, icharn C-ripnt t. Capt. RN .'Nh.Ryl ah John ePorIny lla. Esq. Canairm anto of the GeeAlrScrw Steam Ship- pin Com~!.pany Cie niee fH..N JosplsutFx d Esq.,PF.R.S., engineer, Lonidon Johns Fincanm, tE sq. laenMaster, Sanhipsrgt, Hr ,Dcyr,Frs Sir~ Peti:ha Gran. R. iCapt. Grenwic Cedwrd HR mprys, E. FrgS.,laenChinefr E onginee,1.4 okad ol RobGegrt Laird,~~H Esq., Managin Director ofte fianMliCm Thomas f.alzyd Estq.. ChieftEngineerv. of H. 3. N1avy Char!osJ VLare. Esq., shipbuilder, London Ja,eps Nasnsitwh. a,engineer, M1anchester. Joh fPnny, tot5 ,engineer. Greenwicheyo h ntiuino'ii Ceer-ge Renoir. Lap.FztS. enine. Lcondon-t.FRS.egier Robert Sitephensot. Ea.. M.. Hot-S. Cee& Chrt anb, Eotii teA . Criz , awearded ryo the rnchltutovenmen Civi tim. P. latmed.rap. deNLa Iaxinede5 Scott u%s.sel, aEsqN. F...onrgis,eer,i Extactfrm t h-iigesReportofwLameCalerui h h caeyo "En 1833. us. ferinier do Mliddlesex. 31. Francis Pettit Smith, ,eucaet-e htsrizontaliement une via d'ArtifinCte ft `rat-chor et dana; la pases a gna inee o I caine cete iaeat continue ; elle a den: inrlmitato curag. Cs de: gslitO 1r-ales I'oot fait triompher do tnsls ostaces. 1. mith penantden: anneis, esanyd- son Lalcri ur x Tmis elourle ana doPadingon.Dana ce canal, lai na accitent heuroux.nnrs risolutlen desa dAciCdestbrisie, satltonavir,uetarchoeplus vite quauparar-soxt. (Jestuon tat do lusmitre, et V'on teirs par u'employer qsu'uae moiiti~. qu'un tiers et mime .me 3not paris do r&oottion d'hUiice. Pa,r co moyen, lron pourra lager lerujeuLsur d-ans uine tt-icit onivertlure verticaIe, en avant dn gouivorMsao. intro dei-,x ttambots. -D e.-,;ai en es-sit 31. Smithi se hwarte-o ft luiter centre lea dudeicutZs? do It iner. AvYec on naviro extriremcnt petit, it s'aventure 4dat. i la uarho. et brave one mer toujunra si dure, en essouyant dles tep.. mauvans; son courage inspire one favour univermdlle. L ArnsrautCti Anigleterre prendem vif intCrEtiftdes esaisteottiasi ctu-rens-nnt.etcotrounnis par Is sucols. Dile demandoi Mt3. ~ns2 s .~sipnscosdiaW e e"a on'tructionduVn navlse fth6lice do01Ion t ax.avn do onlue t t1doption dn nouveau systilme. _7-censsqu-asoe, t7Asschhuede do 23? tonneauxc.eeltconstrsit etrmis ft La wer. L tnsiraistt se versit eotesaiareatdnalaexpertce c-s demnand~~les. Isitiment edt parcourn S neetds parlihome ; il en para. n. rosdn oubc.Matgti Isventeot Iaxnarie, li no imit quo por de833tonesx. ,dtmet qon it tla mer an printempa do iSIS Onmeaipiat ea xpinenrs sresoavro.t i'Arniraut6, comp15-at-n t-Iito u-dnnadocosirir f infnvingtblAtimenta do Lett,Er fr-rn lba Righit lien, the Earl OfMinto. C--C.B., ftc. (First Lord of ths Adantiatty IS35nW 18411. PearSinI hae nt a oub tha Mr Lodn June 13, 1814. rea Si.- ha e io a oub tat r.Smaith may j ustly claim the zmat-it of Lestrmeseg-ea toe that; to introduce the tuse of the so-rest propeller, ned it wras owring to his success in its application that shortly before I loft 'hoz A iniralty I felt myse~lf inustifled in ordering th e Rattler to be b,it-st ft-r the purpose of testing the comparative adv antagesa of the pid-to and the sorest. B eLlieve mle, dear Sir, yours faithfully, Charles A- Catdwell, Esq. 3MIXTo. I1 c an have no objiection whatever to yoUr mating any uise of my latter thateats be servicenbile to 31r. Smith)'1 Letter from lbs2 Right Horn the Earwl of Haddington, ftc. (First Lord of the Admianilty 184 to 18461. -. Tyninghamte. Preatonkirk, N.At, Aug. 24,18S4. __ r.-i:mpoessibtefor metot-take it uPon myself tooffer an opininsraInt whiclhof the claims-ala is to be attributed the maerit of the first invention of the screw protteler. butI believe that the success of ties Ar-:hinelede. foliowed by the trial of the Rtattler (built under Lord N , m Bo~at-tIrd. eto- to the adaption of the screw in H.3L's navy and in the ms-ntservice, It in alxitted, I believe, that to 31r. Pottilt Smith belongs the credit of the success of ' The Archime,des.' consequently he is enititled to ho considered as the introducer of a most valuable improvemient in at-raan navtgalian. He n-as em2ployed generally under the steam departmnent of the Admiralty in my time, and J have every reasonl to believe that his r-rviices were tunnel to he very valuable. y ~Itnt the yrofrsslonal namtes attached to the attestation yu have fans,cin. with, as well as those of the most eminent engineers, are -ofts -greater vallue to SIr. Sm:th than any testimony of miine3 can posaita- tea. I havYe the honiour to be, Sir, " Yobr6edient humble servant, - Cantata Hatlsls, B-N. HFADDISGTON. rc- may It-.-h tit Downing-street, Jani.21, 1856. Sis,-Iam esied y ord1'amertontoinform you that the 'Quen ht trn racousy plase todirct hata pension of £,200 per nuntrn sststtt o gante to ou pon te Ivi Lst, in considerationL of ou exrton inca-tyngou Th apliatonof the etsewpropeller "1 have te honourto Ise. ir, Your obedient servant, F.P. Smiith, Erg." ".WILLIAM LAW. Subset-iption: 1tillsrd AIethe1l. Faq.. Master Slipwrig-ht, Her Mlajesty's floc.ysrd, Portsmaotth ... . £ I10 Jr.. Allan. REsq., Managing Director of the Peninsular an~d Uncistat Companiy, Le-setenhall-street . 100 0 Cop.tamn W. S. Anitrewa. LNorth of Europe Steam Navigation Complany, 8-4, King Wilkns-street .-. . . 5 0 0 J'?hst U-tor-ga Appotdj. L-q.W'Niison-.streel. 'Fin-btury-square. 10 00 C- Atherttsn, F_-I. chiief esgineerlild, Dockya-.rd. WVoolwieh 100 0 Catntn -sati-oT. Ati,E.C ,AdmiraltyInspector or: Packets. Southamnpton.'tCnay 2 2 0 TIl,e Australwaina Pat-in Stall Steam 'Packe Copay nt'a,). Back. Seq,., tilitary Department, East India House. 1 10 ltlessr-. Baecry and Rirlley, 2. ttotrpefs-'scorrt . 200 0 Johnu ite&w., Rq., I.Rs. Adm.liiralty ..3 0 0 George Re-ardusore, ERsq.. Detfnrd. 1 .0 0 Joseph Beardmnore, FLap. Slanager of the General Steama iaitinContq,rty's Engine Works, Deptford . 50 0 Joseph l3-rrdni,sre, jn.Fq,Depttord.1I0 0 W1iiliarn Baradmnore. Ssq.. Deptford ..2 0 0 ientr-Admsiral Sir Francis Beanfort, KiC-D, Admiralty 5 50 Itt-e It-rillughamn Tube Company, Birminigham . 25 00 Bleszrra, John Bourne and Coa. engineers, Greenock. 0 0 0 WlimBoatl. REq., Welbeck-atreet. Ca;-enllsh-sqtsare 5 50 Stesers, Brwanlow and Co., Hull.3 0 0 Peter Bra)!. Leg., C.E.. Ipswich.1I10 :1 K Brunei REsq., FAt.S.. C.E, Duk-e-street, Westminster 500 0 'T. Fraser Campheil, Fag,, SlToli. 1 1 . . . . I 0 Witllam Carpamel, Faq-. CR B, Patent office, Lincoln's-inn 210 0 VtiimCall, tog., Brighton .. 100 0 Captaini K (happe~ll. I.N.. Secetary of the Royal West lndia Mail Conspoany, Moorgate-atreet..23 00 Henry Cirattield. Faq-, MNasterf~ipwvright, 'it3.Dokad Deprfotel ..~F.Dokad220 Jab-cChurc. Faq, CE. Cheintford .. . :2 20 ID.K.Clak.Rsj,.G..,Great North of Scotland Railway R.N. 50 0 - ~~~~~00 Captain W. rsi,R. h oa ah. Portsmouth,. 100 0 iEee,-ms ila en n rtes hpiruilders, Duna- hmcrlu .. .10000 John Dinnen, Esq.. ILpeetrofSta MchnrAfo, Admiraiity oznerszethouzrs Lods5 00 Mess:rrs C. and W. -arle, enigineers. Hull . 2 20 3RavnI FIder. REq., enugineer. Glasgow .2 2 20 JaMes Eliott, Esq., C.F, Dymehturch Kent . o550 J. U. Ellia,Chairea of te General Screw SteamCompany, Adelaide-place, London:bridge .10 '10 10 M%esrs. AIIm Ererittand Son, Birmingham .10 : 0o 0 Chits. Few, LEq,, Heurietta-street, Cesnent-gaTden .. .115 0 0 J. Mintchams. late mastershipweright, 11.31. Dockyard, Ports- mnGuthl.. 5 00 Caldain John Ford. Marine Supes!itend;nt, General Screw bream Shipping Company. Southampton. 10 10 0 Cap,tain Po'ber. F-ood, Batteesn a I10 Joseph Freemean, Lsq., Astillery-place, Finaltury . ., 5 & 0 ChartesFrod&lam, Esq-, Strantd .1 10 'Waiam Froade. Req.C, Darthigton, Devon . 50 0 Joh V.Goch,Req Esten Cunieshalwa .. ..1010 0 Captin ir Rchad Grnt,Knigt, .N.3. ConnaughLt- pl?sce. HIde-p3rx; .. .. .50 .. . .S 0 0 Whili-z Green, LFg, Blt...,Harbour M3ster, Lowestoft .. 1 0 tplain E. P. Halsted, 1UN., Hon. Sem., United Service Ctuh, London .10 0 0 'Tre Right Hon. Viscount Hardingo, Horse Guards.. 10) 0 0 Willi=n Hartree, Log., engineer, Lewisham .. .. .. 1010 0 Jolmi Hawkshaw, Fgq., C.E., Great George-at., Westminister 10 0 0 Captain W. H. Uenderson, RLN,. C.R., Comptroller-Ge. neral of Coast Guard (deceased). Custom-house .. 5 0 0 We,ers J. W. Hoby and Co., Renfrew. 5 5 0 Captain James Hosken . . . . 1 0 0 Mer Howard. RavenhilL and Co., engineers, Rotherhithe 25 0 0 X. Hfumphrys. Esq., late Chief Engineer 1.3. Dockyard, Wcolsich. Deptford.. 10 0 0 Iesrs. Hunmpbry. Tennant.and Dykes,engincers.Deptford t0 0 0 Caploin Thomas Jackson. the Baron Osy steam-ship.. 1 1 0 Villiam Jackson, Esq., engineer, Lernan-street .. 5. 0 0 Js1-beg James. Lsq., engineer. Blackfrisr .2 2 0 'W. S. Johnson, Lot., St. Martin's-lane.. 2 2 0 J. Hcdgao Jones.lEsq.. eugineer.Poet's-comer,We,tminster 1 1 0 Townsend Kirkwood. Esq., Llandilo. Carmartten .. 5 0 0 IL Reader Lack. REq., Board of Trade .. . . 2 2 0 3McGregor Laird. Faq.. Managing Director of the African Mali Company. 31ircing-lane .00 0 0 W. B. Lambert. Faq.. engineer, General Screw Steam hhippigCompany. Southampton.5 5 0 James ;Lmin. Lsq.. MIaida-hil west .. . . .. .. 5 0 0 0 W. Langdon, E3s., engineer, London-street .. .. .. 10 0 0 5ihos. ILoyd. Fq ., Chief Engineer of H.M. Navy, Somerset- house ..... 0 00 Janes LuIke. Faq.. Shipwright, H.L. DociyariPortsimonth 1 1 0 C Ilauby, Faq, F.R PS. C.K. Secretary of the Institution of Civil Engiucera (Treasurer), Great George-strect, West- minster.. 10 0 0 ,C. J. Mare. Raq. shipioilder, Blackiwli1 6. 0 0 0 3Messrs. Martin. carmuelaon. and Co.. engineers., Uui 3 0 0 Captain B. R. Mattliews, the Great Britan stearm ship 2 0 0 John bratthew. FEe , engineer. Greenwich .. . . 10 10 0 3lerse, Maudnla'. Sons aud Field. ensineess. tendon 1. 0 0 0 T. W. Miller. Esq., engineer. H.3. Dockyard, Portsmonih 5 5 0 )xehEs. Mbiller, Ravenhll, andSalkeld, engineers, Blackwali lO 0 0 G. Mis L;q-. . 1 10 0 W0lism Morgan. Esq., engineer, Glocester-terrace, Hyde- park. 10 0 0 -WilThm Moseley, Faq.. Cumberland-terTace, Regent's-park; 1 1 0 3 Napier, Faq., engnzecr. Glasgow.0 .. .0. .. IO O Jaaw;sNaalth. Faq.. engineer, Patricroft, lMancheater 10 0 0 jDasirI Nicoli. Far., t b3nr ................ .. .. ..O.h2 2 0 Coa eder Matthew S. Xolloth. ., H.bI.S. Frolic . 1 0 0 Adm l3ir Charles Ogle. Bart., Eaton-place .... 20 0 0 J$mcw o;il. E6q .............. s.: Oliull .. Leg. ... C.R. H. 1 02 09 W'iiSasa pBia lBq., Cashier of Greenwich flosyleal, Green- lria . .. *- -- - * .. .. 22 0 Itear.Adintral Sir Wilaiam B. Parry, Xt., Lieut.-Governor of Greenwich Hospital. Greenwich .. . 3 0 0 Williami Parsons. Esq.. Leicester . .. 22 0 T'he Peniiisular and Oriental Stea Ifavigation Company, Lede ,ball-street . 100 00 Rdwsd J Poell ka., ~dxgribicfi tmenet, Adini- friaca * ~~~200 0 iWilian Rigby, Fasn.. Glasgow . 100 0 Major F. C. Robb. FEI.C.S., Beaulielf-house, Soutbsea 0 0 0 J. scottRiLlasllEeq.. F.RS., C.E. (Hon. Sec.), Great George. street, Westinunter 100 00 Messrs. Sauiuda, Brothers. engineerq, roplar 200 0 John Scott, Esuq.. engineer aud shipbnilder. Greenock 25 00 Ites,rs. Seauardl anld Capel. engineers Liniehouse .. 100 0 H.flsiy eyior,Eq. M..In ia oa d 20 0 Westminster.~50 00 Catin Jaines N. Strange. R.. I.10 0 John 3f. Sunley, Esq., insuranice broker, Corohill. 100 0 Villiamn Swann Esq.. Queen.square, Westminster . 2 2 0 Janirs Tillinig. Req.. H3en.lon.11 0 G. H. J. WValfor-d. REq.. Serle-street. Lincoln's-inn . 5 0 0 Thomas Watrman. jon. Faq.. shibuilder. Backwahll . 100 0 Mesrs.Jams Wtt nd o..engaces (er . Wollaston Blae. sq . oho Bimigha .. -.1000 0 ressrs John ani Robert Whit. eiiuler oe 0 0 Additional List. RichardI Sniitb, Esq.. .Commnander A. Hf. Skin. Devonport and Ply- ner, R N. I ;c 10 6 mnouth Telegraph . - £1l I 0 John WValk-er. REq. '. 11 0 Johni Grantham, Req., Captain Dw-yer, R.N. 1I10 Liverpool .. .. 5 00 Rf.P.MIAPlen. Esq. 5 00 Israel Marks. Req.. 2 2 0 Captain Boyle, ItS. 5 5 0 Jo n Tri'sEtt, Rq. 5 0 0 Capt. Gold:mith, R.N. 11 0 Liu n.Bdger. 1 2 2 0 Johin Laird. Resq... 25 0 0 LordI Wisgbhyd_,I, by 20 0 0 Capt. Farquhar, R.. 1 I0 0 Thos. Breteil. II. . 0 CommaneerConnelly.R.N. I 0 0 Her IeIruh,Rq 0 Lieut. Mild=ay I I5 - 10 0 Mesrs. . . and T.H Samuiel Doer. EBq., rerlks .. 1010 0 Lewishams .. S 550 Subscriptions are received by Messrs. Ranusoma and Co.. 1. Pall-mall east. London; J. Scott Russell. F-sq., 17. Great George-street. Weetminster. Ilon. Secretary: and by C. 'Manby, REq,, 25, Great GeorgSe. street, Westminster, Treasurer. E. 1P. HALSTED. 1 Rn mesis J. SCOTT RtUSSELL. Ho.Sceais 37, Great George-treet, WVestminster,April. 1856. F 'HE M'uOTHER and SISTER of the late Lieut. W IAGHORN, R.N.-The late Lieut. Waghorn. who, projected the Overlaindl,oute toIndia, died in theprime of life. To enable him. tnocarryout his plans hbe borrowed of his mother all her littleprop)erly. which hewasiunable to repay. Slip, at the aceof34. and her daug-hter at 52 wvith delicate health. are 1he left waitliout the mueats of support. The great benefit which the inercantile world and the public derived f,om bis exertions est niesais is well known, and an APPEAL is mnade for SUBSCRIPTIO'NS with 'whicls to purchase an annuity to save thes aged persons from wiant. MTr. Jamnes Layton. of 17. Mincinglane, has undertaken to receive contributions, and the follawing are already gratefully acknowledged:- Messrs. Baring, Bros., MINessrs. Ewvart. Mbac- aM e Co . 25 0 0 eaugbev. and Co. .. £S25 0 0 ess obs, Forbes, M Ssr. i'Irris, Peot and Co. te,r 2-5 0 0 and Co.20Feot 5 00 Me&-rs.1hifalieson and Co 25 0 0 ir1essa. R. and J. lHen- Messrs. Gledtatnes sod derson .. . 25 0 0 CO. 25 0 0 'Messrs. A Gibbs and Sons 25 0 0 Mess,rs. N. 'IL Rtoths- MNes-srs. 'Moffatt and Co. 25 0 0 child siid Son .. .. 25 0 0 MNessrs. Daniell, Dickin- 3Messrs. Palnier. Mdliil- son, andi CO. . 20 0 0 lop. and co.. 25 0 0 Mlessrs IR, Durat and Mlessrs. Gregson andI Co. 25 0 0 Co. 20 0 0 Messrs. T. A. Gibb anti Mr. J.TF.McKenzie . 14 1t 0 CO. 25 0 0 Messrs. Alexander, Mfessrs. Overend. Gur- Fletcher. and Co. .. 10 10 0 n.y. sunit Co ._ ..25 0 0 Mr. J. lionar (5Messrs. Mess.Rnom, Sans, Small anid Co.).. .. 10 10 0 andI Co. . 25 0 0 ilessrm. Springfield anld M1esars F. Hutli and Co. 25 0 0 Co'cc .. 10 10 0 Messrs. Peekc, Brothers. r.W H. Eaton . .10 10 0 andc Co. . ..25 0 0 M1r. Chas. Butler (of Messrs. Ashbton andI Co. 25 0 0 Messrs. H. and J. Messrs. Layton, Hul- Jolinstors and Ce.) . 10 10 0 'Nbert, andI Co. . .25 0 0 A. Friezil.. . 10 10 0 M ess-rs. 'W. J. and H. Messrs. Lloyd, Mathe- Thompson .. ..~ 25 0 0 dC .andC ... 5 5 0 Mesrs.Crwfod,Cal- Aesss.Gridlths, Curtis, vin.and i Co 25 0 0 andCo. 5 5 0 Messrs.Abuthu`t. 'La- Col. Heudlerson. Bengcl tbsni. and Co.. 25 0 0 Army ... 5 0 0 Messrs. Finlay, Hodig- ICr. IL Thurhiur .. 5 0 0 Eon, and Co. 25 0 0- Mes~rs. Hy'e anudJones 5 0 0 DPEFOR-MAORIES.-Public opinion appears J Cunanimous in declaring that Institutions toe the Prevention of Juvenile Crimue, anid for the Reformantion of Crimsinals, are absolutely necessary. But rehile local support is freely given to suceh institutions in the provinces. several of the most valuable in the mnetropolis are wowv in uirgent NEED of ASSISTA-NCE, without wvhich their existiu-' macehinery-the work of years--must be entirely abandoned. 'To save suich Institutions, andI to encourage others a GENERAL MEETIN-.G is appointed to be beld at t-he Erytian Hlalt oni Friday. Arpril 25. when the LORD MAYOR will take the chiair at 2 o'clock n,.m.: and the Larl of Shaftesbury. C. B. Adderlev. Fsaa.. M.P.. the Rev. Canon Bicersimteth, and other noblemeni and gentlemen, will tak-e ert in the procedings. The Special Funoi for 'he above purpose, to be collected on tbe occasicn, 'will he administered by the Comimittee of the Reformatory andl Ilefrgo Unoion. a ProsPectus of which maay be obtained at the office of the Society. 115. Pall-miall. 'Conitributions uill be thankfully received by, the hankers M, kessrs. Smith. Payne. and Co.. Lombard-street. tothe account of the Reformsa. tory and 'Refute UnionI Metropolis Find ;` by the Treasurr. Abel .South. Faq., 39. Berkeley-square; and by the Hon. Secretary. Robert Hianbury. jim., Esq., Brewery, Soitalfields, and ?, Sussex-square, Hyde-park. ~ATURDAIY HALrF-HIOLYDAYS and EARLIERZ S. PAYMENT of WAGES.-The E.ARLY CLOSING ASSOCL4.. TION' will hold a PUBLIC MEETING in the large Hall. EIxeter-hall. ThlIS EVENIN.G (Thuirsday). the 24th, for the promotion of these objects. The chair wvill be taken at 7 o'clock by the Right Hon). tIre Earl of SHAFTESBURY. TheINMeeting will he addiressed by the lordl Bishop of Oxford, Sir S.' Morton Peto, Bart.. Roundlell Palmer, Oe. .C.. H.P., Charles, Cowan, REq., .MYP., Rev. William Arthur. R1obert Baxter. Reiq., A. Spottiswoode, FEsq.. &e. Dooms will be opened at 6. Scala reserved for ladies. Tickets of admission to be liad, free of cliar2e. at Mfessrs Nisbet and Co.'s, 3 emners-strmet, Oxford-street: Mr. E. Stanford's. 6, Charing-cross: the olliccs of the Association, 55, Ludgate-hill, also, on the evening of Meeting, at the Hall. JO-UN LILWVALL. Hlonorary Secretary. rf 0theBEN VOLENT.-A Case of great Distress. .1. An gedwido. iher3dyar. ho as eensupported by her daugher fr yers. ho lsa lot he busnessthrogill-healthi, and is notabl tosupor he anloger soicis ireAIDofthe kindhearted. forherelfanddaghtr. ny nquris wll e asweedby Mr. Hibbit, lnedraer dl Lothr-lne Hohor, ho ankinlyconsented toreeiean sbcrpto wthwhc tehriabemay faorher. YOUNG~ GEXTLEMAN I(an author), in ill-heatlti, Ay and entirely dlependent upon his writingi tar support. entreats, the reader to AID him in publishing a Ielf-cressnm volume of poetry andl prose, wihich wvouild be the Dieans of placing him in a better positioni. A prospectuis, with specimen poe-ms aiid tales, that have received thie highest commendlation, forwarded to any addlress for four stamps. Subscri'bers' names thankifully received. Poetry, prose. and acrostics written. Suibscribers :-H.R.H. the Dulke ofCa,mbridg-e. his Grace the fluke of Arr~yll. Arclldeacon of KillalGe, Alfred Tennyson. Esq, Rev. Ce-rge Gilfihlan. is. Adldress.Clarenco.4, Chapel-terrace. Kensincton. R OYAL SWVEDISH RAILWVAY COMPANY.- J The ADJOURNED MEETING of the Shiareholders in t-he lfoyal Swedish Raiilsvrsy Company wHIl be held at the Londlon Tavern on rriday. the 2ltis instant, at 2 o'clock precisely. W. TOTTIE. Chairman of the Committee of Investigation. 1S. Pannon-street. April 23,1850. S OCIETY of ANTIQUARIE of LONDON.- Yesterday being St. George's-day, the Society of Antiquaries m-1et at their apartments in Somerset-house. in pursuancee of their statutes andI charter of incorporation, to ELECT a. PRtESIDENT, Cour,cih. and Offlicers of the Society for the yeal ensuing.- whiereupo,n Philip, Earyl Staulbrese. presiilent ; Rear-Ailmilral W. H. SmuIth, vice president: Edwsard Hiawkins. E*q..vice-pres-ident; Joseph Hunter. ESql.. vice-r,rcsiident; Freideric Onvry, Esq., treasurer: Sir Henry Ellis, X.t., dir6ctorr: Henry Stev-ens, Esq.. auditor; Wlilliani Sandya Wrizlht Vaux. Es-.. M.A.. auilit,ir: William Doirrant Cooper. Esq., WVilliam Tile, E-sq., M.P.. Wila iLe lEs Fq.. 11 inembers frousthe old coiinnl, sycre, re-chioseii of the niew counned; and( C.11Wykehim Mlartin, 3F-sq.. auilitor; C. Octaviuis 'Morgann. Eat.. M.P., auditor; Sir JTohn Bo.li,no,.Part.. Jiunes 1B. Bunnin", Faq, William H. Carpenter. Esq., Aug!ustus Wv. Franks. Essi.. the Virdflondesborough, the Lord Bhhisho of Bipon,11William Sialt. Reiq., arid Gleorge Schiart. jun.. Eaq.. 10 of tlhe other menbees of the society, were chosen of thxe newr council; and Jolin Yonge Akerman, Esq.. n-as re-electedI secretar-. April 21, 1850. JOHN' YONGE AKERMANT, Secretary. LARURY-LANE-En--ish Opera.-Vei-di's grand opra IIL TROVATOR1W or The Gipsy's Vengeance is pr-0 nouinced the most Perfect represenitation in the annals o'f English opera. It will he repented (for the 25th time), with its or;igiial powerfuil cast, THIS EVENING (Thlursday). Followed by THE DAUGHTER OF THE REGIMIENT. Mr. Elliot Galer willimake hii first appearance since his return from Italy, in the character of Eutgard0, on Monday niext, the 2lth inst. After wvlich, the celebrated Aieerican artistes. Mr.andlMrs. Florence. will alio make their first aironraco in England in ore of their most popular national ondittas. entitled The Yankee H lousekeener. T HEATRE ROYAL, HAYMARKET.-THIS XEVENING fThursilay), to'comimence at 7 with the new and successful comedy of THE EVIL GENIUS. Tom Ripotone (thu 'Evi Gerlin,s),NMr. mucksatone ; Lady Ringwood, Mliss Recynolds. After whc,th rnownd Spanish Dancer, Pecea eona, with Manuel Prez ad complete Company of Spanish Coryphices. will ap~ear in the new and brilliant ballet pantomime of EL GAMBUSI NO; or. The Mfexican GoIrdseeker. With, in consequience uf its great attracetion. the revivedl farce of uIZnlfEMSAW, BAGSHAW. AN`DBRADSHAW. in which Air. Buckstone wvill sustain his original character of Grimshawe, sail, Miss Talbot will appear. Concluding with THE POST- .A'5 KNOCK. Tn-morrowv and Saturday, The Balance of Comfort: after which. The Evil Genius : Plerea Neon, with the Spanish Dancers:. andi, by desire. Lend Me Five Shibllings. pOYAL PRINCE'SS's THEATRE. -THIS R LEVESNING, EVERY ONYE HAS HIS FAUTLT. To-morrow. The Corsican Brothers. TIIE VICrOR VANQUISHED and A PRINCE FOR AN HOUR every evening. Saturd-ay. the theatre will bs loseil in consequoence of a night rehearsal of The Winter's Tale. P OYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE.-Mr. and Mr-s. L, CHTARLFS KERAS respectfully inform the public that their AN\NUAL BENEFIT will take place on Monday iiext. Anril 25, on which oeccaionwill be prodluced Shakspeare's play of THLE WINTER'S TANLF. Leontes, %r. C. Kean; Hermiono.Mrsn. C. Kean. ~HEATRE ROYAL. ADYELPHI.-NoveltY FirstTLrate.-Crowilcd Houses-Every Night the ow Adelphi drama, las L,rorrnies before Her Mtajestyl ealled Like rind U,,like. in whichi Mr. B Webster. Mr. Wright. and Madame Celestevwill appear. Withn. Tonight (Thursday) and on Saturday. Urgent Private Affairs at seonud l-ricc.-I,ast Night of the Roy-al Pantomiime on Friday.-THI-S EVEN ING, the greatly suzccessful drama of LIKE AND UNLIKE - )-y M1r. B3. Webster. Mlr. Wright. and MNadame Celeste. Wiftl IURGENT1 PRIVATE AFFAIRS: Dotts, Mr. WVright. And MO0THER AND CHILD ARE DOING WEL,L: Fluffy. Mr. Wright. rHEATREPROYAL ADELPHI (REBUILDING T .and ENLsARGIN). D~ resent proprietor, having ucae teheurn ulensulir siimmer to rebuiid anu enlrge the same, so as to afforniece ample accommodation to the numerous patrows of this popular place of amusement, and increase the means of producing the effects for wvhich it is so universally celebrated; to this end, and to meet in some degree the consequent heavy exl!enditure, a limited number of DEBENTURES, secured on the entire freehold, will be ISSUED, bearing guaranteedl interest of 5 per cent. per annum. and entitling each debenture holder toba transferable free admission to every performance throughout every season. Thisb3eing the only freehold theatre existing, the security and advantage of these debentures as an Investment are unapproachable. Fell particulars will be publshed in the coutrse of the month, wTith the form of application. Jan. 1,1850. B. WE1BSTER. TUIHEATRE ROYAL, SADLER's- WELLS.- . Splendid triumph of Mr. Cbarles Dilion in the character of Belphegor. Each evening he has been enthusiastically caled before the curtain at the end of eyery act to receive the deafening applause of a heghtebd auditory. IAs Mr. Dillon's engagement is only for 12 night the ublc soul Iee n tie i seingthe greatest actor since Edmund lBean. Mlrs. C. Dillon wrill appear each evening as Madeline. The eminent German danscuse, Mdlle. Bertha Cahssimer. from tho Impenial Theatre, Vienna, wmhl appear in her nationa1l dac,1 Jaleo de Cordon every evening. B goxes,3 . 3ManJda2m3e3 pit, ;galery. and.bi3lar fl OYAIa SURREY THEATRE..-Ismiense Hit.- iIncreasing poruharity of HOt WYE .IVE This great aud imporant ecre wil be dscloed eery ightuni fu-rther notice. Production of a new faerce.Thedgrceatsennsatiountii tcreated by ena. Harden baa induced tbe MT anarement to engage him for 12 nightsmore. TOYAL SURREY THEATRE.-1.r. CRESWICK . LA begs to inform his friends and the public that his ANNUAL BEN-EFIT will take place on Monday, May S. The entertainmenta was consist of RICHELIEU. Richeiieu, hlr. COick. And BLACKEYED SUSAN. William (on this oasion), M r. Creacick. j[ARYLEBONE THEATPRE.-TO-NIGHT, posiJYJ. tively for this evening only, 5Mr. Lei,h MuraLy, Air. Sam CoWell, Mr. Gaston Murray, Mr, C. Vincent, Mr. 1. Mmrray, Mr. Belford. Mr. ILewis Ball, ic., Alms Leigh Murray, Mr. Tanner and his Wonderful Dogs will appear for the BENEFIT of Mis FRA?CCES3 HUGHIO3. GsEAT NATIONAL; STANDRD TIHEATRE.- Proprietor Mr. John Douglaaa.-Engaeemnent of Miss GlyI, Mr. }t. Mfaston, and Miss Bebecca Isaacs.-TH IS EVENIG, the play of iAN;TONY AliD CLEOPATRA.L Anteny. hEr. II. Marston (of the TheatreRoyal, Sadler'-wells): Cleopatra, Mim Glyn. M1is Rebecca I ascc w ill also appear in opera, rTIWENTY SHILLINGS REWARD.-LOST, on A. Wednesday afternoon, between the hou.-a of 4 and 5. between ibe Town-b,11 and T'jir-square. Southwark, a PORTE MONNAIM (olLtalningiS3e10s.ingDyldandeome silver, together withthename of the owner. Whnever finds the nue. pleazo address T. 0. F., eare of vnm. Dawson and Sons. '4. Cannon-street, city. C0RP0RATION' Of MONTREAL SIX per CENT. CJ eONSOLIDATED LOANY.-Notice is hereby given, that the CCT'OlNJS for the ]ALlw-YE:AR' INYTEREST flu. on the lat of 3JIay aet on the City of Monntreal Bond. viU be PAID at the ComI merresi Bank of London, Lothbury, on and aSter that date.-Dated April 23.18SS. AMES ANDERSON, tragedisn.-JamesAnderson Ui begsrpectfully to inform those managers who have honoured him byan application for his servcice. that his arrangements for the l yeset ae cmpRte,and that he canno ntegotiate other engaooentas i m coninnetion with Mbiss Elawrorthy. at the Royal A\mphitheatre, ILiverpool.-THIS EVENING (Thun.day), in Hamlet; Friday. in The Lady of Lyonls; and Satur. ay. in The Rtobbers. acon'.s Hotel, LilcoW-in'-n. GEOBGE ANDREWS, Secretary. H ER MAJESTY's THEATRE.-lt is respectfally JU announced that HerMa's Theatre will E-OPd earlyn m m e ngagements of great interest davebeen effecte hoth in Opera anforanets and the best exertions used to moit the arrangements orthey of the occasion. The f r 12 tpro will ine'iutely be isswed. Pit bo°xes.; 120 nteo HO gtuinepaaus; t "l'ievr, 80 tz 200 guianeas . one pair. The box-oeice is no opeen. LYCEUM RHEATRE.-Oadame Rist-ri.-Mr.Gye Ljbe moSturspcritfulion aNnounc That hvenhin adga. ege ment with the cdelebCraftUed I°talia°n tnragc$dlteue Madme dnSeTORI, together with her Italian Dramatic Company, to give a neries of nerormancesFat the Lyceum Topeatrane monthsof June nanJuly. The subscription vil be for l2perfsrmances-fuh particulars of which will bo duly a pornmced. ROYAa . ITAL IAN OPERA, LYCEUM Subscription Night This Evening. First Appearance of MadXame Evsio. THIS EVENING (Thursday, April 24) will be given as a Subscription Night, in lien oF the last Saturdar of the season, on w/hich occasion wrill be performed (for the second timue thin sea*on) Donizetti's opera, LI hSIR D'9AMOR AoGXmnta, Maldamne RoAgi(her lint appeasanice this recason); Giannetta, Madanme Tagdiafico; 2;emorino. Signor Gardoni (his second appearance this season); Blelcore, Signor Taglia6ico: and Dulcasnura. Signor RIonconi (his eccond appeaXrance these two years). Conductor-SIr. Cota. To conclude with lfalr the second timue) a new divertissement, entitled 3,FS HASIADRYADEEi. PrinciPal characters by Midlle. kE'sr, hldlles. Enuna. Comnba. Grunat. hlr. Payne. andl hL Desplases. Commence at 8. The box-ollico, in the g,rand entrance -nder tho Fortico. is open from 10 tlii h. DRUitY-LIANE-ElGLISH OPERA. Under the Management of Messrs. J. H. TuUy and F. Kingsbtury. THIS EVESNING, IL TROVATORE, or, The Gipay's Vengeance. Cbaracters by Lucy Escott, Mliss F. Luddart; Mr. A. Bralum, ASr. Henri Drayton. Mr. lDurand. &c. To conclude with THE D.AUGHTER OF THE IIEGIMENT. THEATRE ROYAL, HAYI,IARKET. Under the Management of Mr. Buckstone. THIS EVENING, THE EVII GENIUS. By Mtfessr Euickstone. Comton ; Msises Reynolds Swanborough. &a. After wbich. EL GAMBUSINO: or. The Mlexican Goldseelrer. To be followed by GRIMSEfAW, BAGSSIAW. AYDDBRADSIIAW. To conclude with THE POSTMAmN'S KNOC,'K. ROYAL P iNCESS'S THEATRE. Under the Management of Mr. Charles Rean. THIS EVENING will be presented EVERY ONE HLAS HIS FAULT. Principal character by Mrs. e, Klean. After which. THlE VICTOR VANQUISHED. To conclude with A PRINCE FOR AN HOUIR. THEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHL Proprietor, Mr. B. Webster; Direetrcss, Madame Celeste. THIS EVENING will be presented LIKE AND UNLIKE. Chiaracters by Messrs. B. Webster, Wright, P. Bedford, C. Selby, Garden, Mtoreland, Henry; Madame Ce-leste. Miss Wyndluam. MiseLaidlaw, &c. Afterlwidth. UTRGENT PRIV,&TE APFAIRS. To conclude with MOTHER AND CHILD ARE DOING WELL ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. Lessee, Mr. Alfred Wigan. THIS EVEN'IG will be piresented STIIL WATERS RIINDEEP. Jobn 3ilidmay. SIr A Wian brs. M Hector Stemrhold. Mrs. Stirling. Toconcludewith THE DIS8REET PRINCESS. Characters by Messrs. F. Rolron, Emery, D.auvers, H. Cooper. White, Clifton; MissesJuliaSt. George,Terman,Iarston, Maskell,andStephens. Commence at i past?. THEATRE ROYAL, SADLER'S-WEI,TS. Under the Manageruent of Mr. George A. Webster. THIS EVENING will be presented BELPHEGOR. THE MOUNTEBANK: or, The PrIde of Birth. Characters by Messrs, Charles Dillon, J. Rogers, Edgar; Barrett, G. A. Webster; Meslames C. Dillon, H. Gordon, Cethlmert, &c. After wvhich. II Jaleo de Xeres and LaCcacovienne. To concelude w-ith THE SWISS COTTAGE. ROYAL SURREY THEATRE. lessees, Messrs. Shepherd and Creswick. THrIS EVENING will be presented HOW WE LIVE IN THE WORLD OF LONDON. Charactersby Messrs Shepherd, C.A. Calvert, J. H Rlelkards, Widdicomb, &-c.; Misses Marriott, E. Sanders, &a. After wlich, BLtHanlon's Performanes. To be foUowedby SARAHrS YOUNG SIAN. To conclude with THE POSTMAN'S EINOCK. ASTLEY'S ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE. Lessee and Slanager, MEr. W. Cooke. THS EVENING will be presentedIMAZEPPA AND THE WILD HORSE.l Afer whch,tThe Scenes in the Circle. To conclude with ENGLAND'S HARVEST HOME AND NATIONAL STEEPLE- CHiASE. TO CORRESPONDENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times is reduiced to 4d., and that 5Wd. is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affixed. Under the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Times is transmissible by post to Britisli colonies and foreign countries without an inymnessed stamp. 5g The publication of TIIE Tssas commenced at 5 o'clock yesterday imorning, aid finished at half-past S.
LOiYDON, THURSDAY, APRIL 24, 156. Not three years have elapsed since the last great naval review at Spithead, yet no one could witness the magnificent spectacle of yesterday without feeling that in naval matters at least we have gone tbrough a whole century of progress. Then the m imic figlht that was e2xhibited faithfully portrayed the end of a. old and the advent of a new system. The powers of sails and steam were ranged against each other in mock antagonism, and for the last time were exhibited as part of the pageant of war those ships propelled by sails which lhave fiUled every sea and every land with our glory, and raised us to our present pitch of power and pre eminence. Then it was thought that sails and steam might iuits together in useful co-operation, but the coming campaign dispelled the illusion, and proved that ths new agent we had adopted would endure no coadj i- tation except its own. On the waters of the Solent was yesterday displayed a fleet the like of which the eye of mortal man never beheld, compared with the vastness of the vessels of which even our own mighty armaments of other days were puny and insignificant, and compared with the powers of destruction of which the vessels that bore the victors of the Nile and of Trafalgar seem puny and innocuous. A mighty naval revolution has been effected, and Great Britain, after having completely altered the structure, the equipment, and the propeling power of her fleet, seems to have reasserted her predominance over her own element by means even more efficacious than those she heretofore employed. NVe rest our hope of naval superiority not merely on the courage of our race nor on the skill of our seamen ; we have called in to our aid our own peculiar resources of science and of capital, and thu-s added an additional chain to those -which have so long fettered Victory to our fleets. Nor is it less gratifying to think that at the close of a bloody and severely contested war, the exhausting influences of which have been felt and confessed alik-e by our enemies and our alies, we are able to give to ourselves and the worldc so signal and decisive a proof of uniibated strength and umexhausted resources. Thle people of this country have as yet felt little of the pressure of war. To their enormously, augmented resources the increase of taxation was a trifle, and they are beginning to develope and put forth their full power just as others are finding that their pecuniary and physical strength is beginning to fail. With untouched finances, with unbroken national spirit, with unanimous confidence in her own institutions, and with such a fleet as yesterday astonished the vast concoIUrse that assembled to witne3s its evolutions, Great Britain may fairly claim to occupy a position as strong, as imposing, and as honourable as ever fel to the lot of any nation. It is not merely her 40 line-of-battle ships, each armed with a tremendous battery, and possessing within itself the power of spontaneous motion in every direction, that inspire us with I confidence and pride. These we have pos- sessed before, though of numbers and dimen. sions far less imposing. But the Review of yesterday also showed that we lhad profited, if tardily, at any rate effectuaUy, by the lessons of the late war, in providing a species of force which does not, like the larger ships, require to-be sought out by an enemy in order to be engaged, but possesses within itself far more efficient means of attack and annoyance than any naval power ever wielded before. Uip to the present time any nation that went to war with Great Britain which possessed no fleet to destroy, or was able to co'ver itself behinid inac- cetsible shoals and carefaully arranged batteries, might sit down beforehand and count the cost of such an encounter-heavy indeed, but such as a magnanimous people might screw up their resolution to supporti. A complete blockade, the capture of any merchant ship that might ventmue to put to sea, the loss of all island colonies, and the isolation of all transmarine possessions, together with such damage as the crews of rowing boats could inflict on the coast, were results that our enemies must always have been prepared for. But this was all, and those who could endure this might set the boasted thunders of Great Britain at defiance. Let any one who was present at the spectacle of yesterday pass in mental review the gunloats, the mortar boats, and floating batteries wYhich were displayed before his eyes, and ask himself if this be all now? Henceforth naval war with Great 13ritain implies a great deal more. Wherever wood can swim our light but heavily~armedflotillawill penetrate. It is difficult to imagine any fortress which would not crumble beneath the iron storm of our mortar-boats, or any wall that could long resist the crushing fire of our floating batteries, so sure to strike and so difficult to be struck in return. WVe have now the rmeans of waging a really offensive war, not only against fleets but harbolurs, fortresses, and rivers,-not merely of bloek-ading, but of invading and carrying the warfare of the sea into the very heart of the land. It is this great change that the Review of yesterday most emphatically records; and whenl -we add to it that the necessity for the change was not fully appreciated till the autumn of 1854, and that between that time and the present, in a period of war, when attention was distracted and resources forestalled, the deficiency of a light flotilla has been so amply supplied, we have said enough to show the vast energies and almost boundless reserves of power which the naval administration of this country possesses. To the impressive dignity and majesty of the naval parade the spectators themselves contributed an addition almost as interesting. The QUEEN, the Nobility, the Commons, the gentry, the middle classes of England, were there, swarming by thousands and tens of thousands in another steam fleet such as probably wras never collected in one place before. The beauty and calmness of the weather added all that was needed for the completeness of the spectacle, and it is most gratifying to think that so mnany ships were collected and manceuvred, and so many people gathered together in so narrow a space-when the vast scale of the whole proceeding is considered-not only without loss of lfe, but -without serious, or, so far as we are aware, thifling accident of any lkind. Those who were present have beheld a sight the general outlines of which will endure in their memory, and far into the nineteenth century, when, perchance, science shall have supplanted steam by some still more potent and manageable agent-when our present means of destruction and offence, gigantic as they now appear to us, shall seem dwarfish and puiy compared with the mightier ordnance of the coming time-there will be found those who will tell how they were present at the great naval spectacle which concluded the Russian war in the reign of Queen IOTCTOPTA.
Aii imperfect copy of the Treaty of Peace has appeared in the columns of a contemporary, but it is probable that the appearance of Lord CLARENDON in the Lords this evening will give the most satisfactory assurance that all is concluded at Paris. No doubt, there are those who would rather that the result of a terrible war and a long negotiation were ainounced by a more pompous messenger, and in a more triumphant tone than his Lordsliip is likely to assume. We trust he will be able to state, in plain and unmistalkeable language, that the objects of the war have been accomplished ; that the integrity and midependence of the Ttrkish empire, including the Principalities, have been guaranteed thlat the Black Sea has been neutralized for the connmerce and representatives of all nations ; that its shores are to be dismantled of its remaining arsenals and military strongholds; that the Danube has been opened ; and that the firman conceding equal political rights to all subjects of the PORTE has received a European sanction. These safe and moderate results may not satisfy al people. There are those, of course, wlho wish peace to represent only victoiy and power. Could a great General, in the flush of recent successes, informu the British nation that an ancient and implacable enemy had been laid prostrate at our feet, and that we had granted such terms as proved at once the irresistible power of our arms and our clemency,-that vwould gratify those wvho abandon themselves to the illusions of the hour. ASUCh peaces there have been in our history, and such messengers have been heard in oiur Senate. Before very long, too, a distinguished nobleman will resine his place in the Lords, and inform them that in the course of a seven years' administration he has conquered or otherwise annexed to the dboninions of HE. BRITANNIC 1A.ESTY sfOUr splendid andi populous klingdoms. But for the yeople so conquered we feel neither sympathy, nor hostility, nor jealousy; our honour is not concerned, and our interests but slightly advanced, by their subjection. What are they to t:s, or we to them ? It is otherwvise wlhen we come to the members of the European brotherhood, and to the partners of our religion and civilization. We know them to be generous, proud, and powerfiul-in a -word, like ourselves, and that they will therefore not render an absolute submission except to a confederacy so crushing as to supersede all question of honour in the necessity of selfpreservation. In Euirope a peace which only rankles in the bosom of the vanquished wiU not last long, and a treaty wlhich destloys the balance of Europe will soon right itself. Forty years ago such a General as Elngland had not seen for a hundred years announced a peace founded on the prostration of the foe before overwhehming numbers. That General lived to see almost every object supposed to be gained reversed by peoples and Sovereigns, and, meanwhile, the continual and rapid growth of another Power as ambitious and formidable as that it had helped to control. Even then our statesmen felt that peace had been better on more equal terms. In fact, the best peace-one may almost say the only true peace-is that which is the negation of war, ani -the extinction of those passions that lead to it. A peace ought to be such that all sides are concerned in its maintenence, and that can only be when no stain is left upon honour, and no injury done to the true interests of any country. What is it that we might wisely and righteously desire? That Russia should be exterminatedbanished to her own Siberia-her soil reduced to a, still more horrid solitude-her influence aunihilated, and her very name made historical ? That was indeed no such remote probability, had she. persisted in defying the common opinion and the common arms of Europe. But ere long we should have missed her-against whomn it is impossible to predict and invidious to conjecture,-but we should have niissed her in time. Iii some hour of anxiety we should have sought in vain for a Power to be on our side in the cause of equity and order, perhaps -even of- self-preservation. Even all Europe is .not so great, so populous, so rich in nattiral resoiurces, `o organized for defence, that one shloldd readily see her waAtgx her strength in war, and destroying her most youthfal and most powerful State. The Conference at Paris represents not merely the peace, but the power of Europe; and the power, it must be remembered, of aU Europe-the greatest power, the most civilized, the most amenable to reason, the most moderate and humane in the world. Who would willingly and deliberately see that great federate power neutralized and paralyzed by the prostration and abasement of one of its few. States9? Lest it should be imputed to us that we are onuly shaping our language to the result, we beg to say that long before the arrival of one British ship in the Black Sea we incurred some abuse for anticipating that the result would be rather honourable than glorious to this country. England has now tasted war; she now knows that the most lavish expenditure wiUl not render her always ready; that the bravest armies may meet with equal foes, and worse foes than armed men; that the finest navy in the world may be found useless in the hour of need; and she has come to the rational conclusion that, having accomplished the necessary objects of the war, she is not justified in attempting to win glory from Russia. War is not our natural state. It is not the direction in -which tlle genius of the people is best developed. Though, as is natural to us, we hope that each year will repair the errors of the last, still we have always found war-as, indeed, what nation has not ?-full of vicissitudes, and sure of nothing but misery, bloodshed, and cost. WVar is always an evil, with but little mitigation. WVe rejoice, then, that this state of things has ceased, and that Europe has returned to tranquillity and mutual respect. We are not exulting ov. er a fallen foe; we are not bragging that at a cost to ourselves alone of 50,000 men lost to our army in kiled or disabled, and near a hundred millions lost in national wealth, we have, with other powerful allies, induced Russia to give up a certain dream of aggrandizement and to respect the independence of a weak neighbour. There is nothing to boast of here. Had we done all single-handed, and were there none to consult but olur own proud or angry feelings, we might have stood out for more material concessions, for more trophies of victory and secuiities for peace; but we are acting with other Powers as jealous of their honour as ourselves, and we are boiund to consult their judgment as well as our own. Russia has acknowledged the' moral as well as the physical force of the increasing combination brought against her. The allies themselves, too, have felt their own moral force, and have not disgraced it by pressing for humiliating conditions'. They had the physical power, for it is scarcely possible that the war should have gone on for several years without the political annihilation of Russia, whatever the results to ourselves. But they remembered their own character, the righteousness of their cause, and the self-denying ordinance by which they had bound themselves. They were not goingto punish one crime by another, or to assume the office of judges that they might take the license of marauders. If any among ourselves have viewed the contest with more partial feelings, and thought the object of the war was either the utter ruin of RIussia or something for ourselves, they will not join v-ery heartily in the celebration of peace. In fact, it is not peace that they want, but victory, glory, and perhaps some more tangible acquisition. That, however, is not -what we have ask3ed for; we asked only for a seculre and honourable peace, and we shall accordingly yield to no peacemaker among us in the sincerity and earnestness of our present satisfaction, if that blessing be really attained.
There is one fundamental error which rums through the -whole argument as between the defenders of the Corporation of London and its opponents wlhich the disputants do not recognize -that the City is not London. Now, all the privileges and exemptions wlhich -were conceded in former times by our monarchs to the LorD MIAYon and Corporation went upon the principle that these immunities were conceded to the capital of the empire. If this plinciple be once ftlly umderstood and conceded, an equitable reform of the Corporation upon the basis which will most probably be for the advantage of the whole body of the Londonersthat is, of 2,500,000 people-follows as a matter of course. Suppose that, in place of saying to the LOP.D MA.YoR and Corporation, " We are " about to abolish the especial privileges which "you hold by virtue of grants and charters from11 the EDWARDS and -rtIEs," wve were to say, " Here are other parishes and other districts -which have grown up around the original London, and which are virtually parcel of it. Take " them and govern them all." Before three years had elapsed all would be attained that the wfildest visionary on corporate reform could require. Yet what injustice would be done ? We should be malkng a concession, not pronouncing a sentence of deprivation. 'When deputies from Marylebone and Finsbury, from 'Westminster and the Tower Hamlets, were once admitted to the Common-hall, is it reasonable to suppose that the civic legislation could be directed for any considerable period of tine to the especial benefit of one very small district ? This is not the course which has been pursued. We suspect it is the course whiclh would have been most profoundly distasteful to the Corporation, as at present constituted. We have not let loose the -wild democracy of the metropolitan boroughs upon the civic oligarclis, - but, in place of such an extreme measure, we ask for such a modicum of reform in the institutions of the City district as shall bring them somewhkat more in harmony with the spirit of our own times. W"e deny that the ancient mnagistrates of the old town of London are any longer entitled to levy taxes which were granted to their predecessors under very different iircumnstances and with very different objects from any wlhichl can exist at present. What the omnipotence of the Monarch in feudal days might grant the omnipotence of Parliament in modern days may annul. There is no injustice done to individuals. If the existence of the Corporation, as at present constituted, does not rest upon the basis of general utility, it is clear enough that the highest legislative power in the State not only may but should remodel it upon some better system. In such a case it is absurd to throw a halo of sentiment around the argument. No doubt, in former days the citizens of London Proper did the State excellent service, and for such service let us venerate their memory. It is also true that in the old wars of the PiA;TAGm:-ErS and TuDons warriors armed cap-d-pie, and archers attired in Lincoln green, with clothyird shafts fitted to their bowstrings, performed their part well in many a hotly contested battle-field. -Shall we therefore dress up cur Dragoons in clhain armoiur ?-shall we provide the Coldstreams witl tough yew bows and stakes? Each generation has its appropriate legislation as well as its appropriate armour. The public advantage constitutes the only reason why either one or the other should be retained for a single hour. Now, there is no por'tion of dormestic legislation which can be &6nsidered morepublici juris than the arran,gement of our great civic corporations. We are entitled to dismiss altogether from our consideration thl private interest of a few individuals, who by the iapse of ages may have become the depositaries- of power and emoluments which were never intended for themn. The question remaijis, what is -for the greatest benefit of all? * We should be fully entitled to consider the argument from this point of view, but this ismnotthe | plan upon w-hich it has been considered. The ~bil I at present before the House is essentially a-com- promise, a half-and-half measure, which has been devised rather for the satisfaction of the existing Corporation than of the public. The framers_of the act have shown great regard to* the recollections of antiquity, and to the prestige of authority which has so long surrounded the Co'poratijn. They do not propose to swamp the City in London; they do not ask for the entire destruction of:the old arrangements; but simply for such concessi6ns as may not leave the City any longer a blot upon the municipal map of England. This is not the time to discuss the measure piecemeal. For the moment we are speaking of general prim. ciples, not arguing points of. detail. These may be reconsidered in committee, although we much doubt whether the Corporation will not obtain the best terms for themselves by avoiding unnecessary discussion. The inost fanatical among the citizens and the most zealous of their opponents are onlyagreed in the one vwish, that the present bill should be rejected. The Corporation appears to be of opinion that*if they could only stave off the evil d7ay they might in the end succeed in defeating the measure altogether. The Reformers hold that the bill as it at present stands is meagre and insufficient. They say that if the public feeling can only be sufficiently exasperated by a prolonged resistance on the part of the Corporation, and by the defeat of the present propositions, the certain consequence is that at no distant date we shall have a full and ample measure of reform, -which will obliterate all trace of ancient civic abuse and unite the inhabitants of London in common privileges, as they are already united in a common name. Such is. the feeling of the extreme Reformers, while the extreme party in the City, on the other hand, have embodied their opinions and ideas in a document which is to be printed and sent to each member of either House of Parliament. This address, wlhich we published yesterday, has been prepared by the Committee of the -whole Court of Aldermen, anrd in it we find that they describe the bill as one of pains and penalties against the Corporation, under guise of a bill for its better regulation. TIhey complain that they are stripped of their honours, despoiled of their revenues, and subjected to a process of change in all their municipal institutions. The points upon which they appear to feel sorest, as far as affects their dignity, are tlle propositions for denuding the Aldermen of London of their functions as judges of the Central Criminal Court and as police magistrates. These points have been so often argued before that it is unnecessary, in general remarks such as these, to recur to them at any length. If any one is seriously of opinion that the administLation of justice gains by the presenae of the civic functionaries on the judicial beach at the Central Criminal Court, or in the magisterial chairs in the civic Police-offices, he will of course do -*ell to maintain the old system. For ourselves, we could never discover that the City gentleiien 'were of thle slightest use in the trial of cases at the Old Bailey. The - Recorder and the judges have always appeared to take their own coiuse without reference to their fornal assessors. As magistrates, the Aldermen in some instances have done their duty shrewdly enough, where no point of law was concerned; but nine times out of ten in a Ci'vic Police-court the chief clerk, not the Alderman, is the presiding magistrate. There can be little doubt that if the clerks were at once invested with the full functions of the office, or if ggentlemen trained to criminal practice were an- pointed, as at the other Police-courts in London, the public would be great gainers by the change. It cannot, of course, be supposed that the Aldermien are very well satisficd with that provision of the bill whvich extinguishes them as a separate power altogether. Assent in such a case would require more than human candour, and a modern Alderman is not more than man. It is singular how much the deprivation of their magisterial honours seemis to have afflicted their spirits. They say,- "4Sordid indeed must be the heart that sees no benefit in h,cn ours because they are profitless, or that would assess the value of honorary distinctions by a cold utilitarian test. It M ouild be difficult by such a test to finid the charm of the blue or red ribaud that decorates the statesmaa's or the s ldier's breast. Yet -we believe there are imen who -would rather part with the apple of their eye than allow to be -wrested froim them tlhis coveted distinction." One would scarcely have expected to find such an outbreak of sentiment in a document twhich represents thle feelings of our city fiiends. Conceive an Aldermani preferring to part with the apple of his eye rather than resign the post of magistrate in a civic Police-court ! There is something touching in the conclusion of their address. They remind the party now in power of the good old days when they fought together in the Liberal cause. It is by their familiar friends, by their old allies, that they have been defeated and betrayed I They, however, speaki more in sorro-w than in anger. They go out like dying swans, with melodious adieus to the -world, which, as things of beauty, they had so long adorned. " They feel, indeed, "surprised that the act of destruction emanates "from their former friends, and. that the sarrow by -which they fall is sped by a shaft fronm "their own pinion." Think of Smithfield, and thinlk of this ! We are involuntarily reminded of setting suns and fading perfumes, of shattered harpstrings and departing joys. We say, rather let the Aldernmen " die game," like SAmDAN"AiAIS. One last gglorious revel, and let the Right Hon. the L-ORD MiAYoi raise his goblet to the blazing chandelier, and pledge his mates in one long draught from the loving cuip. Then let the torch do its part, and the fiuneral pyre of the City charters, anointed with aromatic essences so subtle that the flame will mock the puny efforts of MIr. B3RAIDwooD, be soleninly and sisnultaneously lighted by the whole Court of Aldermen. They have eaten and drunk-they have lived and loved. The rest-fourpenny dues and all-is not wvorth a llip !
THE Cmi3 AT ALDERuOT.-The offices of the different regiiaents have subscribed a day's pay towards the -'etting up of theatricals, and lord Panmure has placed a uilding at their disposal for that purpose, and has given the handsome donation of 100l. towards a fund. The project has been taken up with much spirit by the officers. and it is expected to be most successful. The first performance was arpohted to take place last night, and was announced to bre under the especial pa-tronage of Lientenant-General Knollys, the entertainments to be the musical burletta of lyhe Sentinel," and the farce of " To Paris and Bad- for Firepound*." A splendid ball is in preparation for the 9th of May, at which the edite of the county are expected to attend. Games of football, cricket, and iorseracing are in progress of formation, and bands of music will play for twobours dai at the club-honse, and it is hoped that duringthe sun3er Sunday evening will be included. Music has beca introduced into the church service with nuch effect. A third church is inprogressof erection-a erv elegant style of building, in thcncighbourhood, with stained glass windows, and with a galcry at one end for the acconmnodation of Her Majesty and the PRoyal family when in camp on Sunday. Part of the cburch service mill be chanted. The clergy are said to be indefatigable intheir exertions, and the General takes much interest in everything connected with the -welfare bf the soldiers. One regiment has already pitched its tents in front, and thus adds greatly to the picturesque appearance of the camn. It is expected that in the corise of tMe summer the -wfio]e of the regiments will be under canvass. Both camps will march to Sandhurst on the 3d of May, to assist in laying thefirst stone of the new Wellington Collcee by Her Majesty, and all the troops inand nearalondon wi be broughttogethertowitness that aational ceremony. The gravel is now nearly all -spread on the parae-gromd and E the roads, and apalpablo improvement has talean place in every departmecnt of the twro camups within the lmt 13 nwmuths. -. -
TME GREAT NAVAL REVIEW. (FROM OIJr ONVw- REPOrarms. The naval review of yesterday must assuredly lave attracted to the coast of Hampshire the _n atest mnltitude ever assembled in that busy and opulous portion of our island. On no one occaseon were Portsmouth and the adjacent towns ever Ilefore visited by so vast a concourse of people; nor -will the scene they presented fade rapidly from the memory of the spectators. The architectural arrangements of Portsmouth, 1alndport, Southsea, Portsca, Langston, and Gosport are such as to suggest the idea that these 1indred tovns are not on speaking terms-that, in fact, there has broken out among them a family feud of the deadliest description, but the eottcete cordiale was yesterday complete. Portsmoutl and Landport, Portsea and South-sea, Langaton and Gosport made commilon cause in the presence of a common invader, whom liowever, it is but right to say, they received w ith open arms; and never certainly was there such an invasion as that to which the seaports of Hants -were yesterday and on Tuesday subjected. Every train, both of the South-Western and the South Coast Mailways, brought thousands of new arrivals, till at last the streets became so densely crowded as to be scarcely passable. The demand for lodgings greatly exceededthe accommodation the various hotelscould possiblyaffbrd,andafter To'clockonTuesday evening the travellercould not be sure of obtaining, either for love or that yet more powbrful agent, money, a shelter for the night. To those wvho had had the good luck to secure beds for themselves, but to none -ethers, it was infinitely amusing to see their less f6rtulate fellow-travelers -wandering through the -streets and " mooning" about, -weary and footsore, in. searc:a of similar accommrodation. Beds fetched a fabulouis price. Three or four guineas was the ordinary charge at midnight, and we have been credibly -assuredI that in somiie instances the lodginghousekeepers had the conscience to demand 15. for a aingle bed ! WN hether they permitted the tenant to take the bed and bedding away with him in the morning is more than we -were able to ascertain, but -they ought to have done so. Thousa-ds of persons rat up all night; many, -we are assured, slept on board various vessels in the harbovur, and mDany, no doubt, spent the night walkUing about on thle ramparts, and took no horizontal refreshment wvhatever. Fortunately, it -was a fiie night, and there was a good view of the moon. The day broke gloriously, gladdening the external world zind sending sunshine to the breast of every one. They may say what they like about our ravity and zoiid, tand all the rest of it, but no people on Eartl can enjoy a holyday wvith a keener relislh than theEnglisll; andthere never were hearts-if our clin:ate wsould let thenm-better formed to be joyous Ld happy than ours. And really it is no such bad climate, after all. It is the best-abused in the -world, but it scarcely deserves all the reproaches heaped upon it. It is all very well to talk about " a London particular," and a suummer that is only winter paintedl green, and a year that conisists of eleven moutlhs wet and one month moist; but there is no cotuntry in the iumiverse where, wheni there is a Jine day, it is finer than in England. But, let this be as it may, it is at least certain that yesterday the -weather was glorious. The sun was on his good behaviour, anid it was gala day with him as wvith everybody else. The guns in Portsmouth were, howvever, somewhat erratic in their mode of annonncing the davn. First came a fusillade cf musketry, the firelocks of the sentinels on board the ships o --the- fleet being discharged as the minute riuaved that day was "calculated" to dawn. This setemed (iiute emz r egle, but several minutesEsme 10 or 15-afterwards a huge 32-pounder -u-as fired to denote sunrise. After the lapse of another ten minutes a thirdl explosion annouiced that the garrison recognized the daylight, this last visitation being accompanied by a flourish from a most asthmatic bugle. Soon after 6 the town wasa astir, ane gradually the streets became peopled with anxious throngs crowding townards the vai ious places of embarcation, many of the visitors in elegant costume. The scene at an ho ur later rest imbled the muiltitude of a Derby-day noon more t]han an aquatic spectacle. At S o'clock the -whole fleet, as if by magic, was dressed!" in flags and ensigns from their main trucks to the water's surface; and now the curtain seemed to have risen uponi the glorious pageant of the day. DBut thebbusiest sight in the national drama about to be enacted w.as that presented on the land. The myriads of humait bemigs -who poured on to the beach from every point and outlet werobeyond all precedent, aud the heterogeneous commixture of cha.racter was not the least remarkable feature of the whole afluair. G3radually the walls, ramparts, ravelins, mounids, lhousetops, fnd even church steeples entered into bold cojmpetition wvith the water in exhibiting their venturous masses, until surrounding objects, even the great fleet itself in the distance, became almost insignificant items in the animated panorama. The scene from Soutlhsea beach was magnificent. A violet sky, pture and unclouded as that of Italy-a rippling, dimpling, flashing, sparkEng sea-a green elastic sward of the freshest verdlure-dazzling uniforms, and many-coloiured costumes-brilliant equipages, music, flags, laurel swreaths, happy human faces, and "ladies' laughter ringing through the air," were the accessories of a scenle as gay brilliant, and animated as any that, wihl much experience of popular spectacles, we remember to have ever w itnessed. Nor should we omit to enumerate among the sources of enjoyment tl c aromatic sea-breeze, that rif et (tcre pa fum (le la miu of wthich Alexandre Dumas descants so elo,quently, and which is so delightfully exhilarating to those whose fate it is to be pent up in cities. Tents and pavilions brightly dotted the green turf, and vwaggons, barouches, phaetons, and all maimner of things that run o n wheels were drawn to-the margin of the twater. Thousands of people sauntered over the sands orlay on the shingle of thebeach watching through telescopes and opera-glasses the movements -of the fleet. This multitude extended from Fort M1onckton on the west to Southsea Castle on the east, a distance of three miles; and must have comprised something like 100,000 persons. Near Southsea Castle a great stand had been erected in the cause of sight-seeing; and it, like other smaller structures of the eame description, was crowded with visitors. Yet, brilliant as was the scene and exuberant wvith life and gaiety, it was not without its ludicrous asso-ciations g and of these the most remarkable were the hideous statues erected on the Clarence Esplanade in desecration of the memories of Nelson and WVellington. Even the Londoners, who ought by this time to be casehardened in the matter of bad statues, were horrified at these atrocious figures, and expressed their indignation in no measured terms. The thought of being caricatured in this outrageous manner after death is really enough to! deter a man from ever doing anything for his country. It is not too much to say that these execrable statues are as disgraceful. to the Southsea Islanders of Hampshire as they woLuld be to their namesakes of the Pacific. But strange is the fate of our great men, who live in honour, but dying leave a bust at which the world grows pale! From the contemplation of such unworthy libels on art and greatness we turn with delight to the -vivid and glowing picture which Nature every'where presented to the eye. The COl!p d'clf in 1-he foreground was everything brilliant and delightful that fancy could imagine. The sea flashed and sparkled in the miorning sun, and over its waters glidedl every variety of craft, from tlte leviathan .three-deker of one hundred and thirty guns and twelve hundred men, to the little liver steamer that, by some speculative freak, found itself on the joyous bosom of the Solent. It was interesting to observe the contrast of the picture-to compare the yachts with the frigates, and to watch the tiny, craft as they picked their way daintily among the mighty shipsof-war. The shipping was everywvhere decked in the gayest colours, and upon every breeze came the' strains of martial music-the commingled melodies of France and England. The order issued by the Admiralty, that steamvessels, of whatever class, should bturn anthracite coal, was rigidly obeyed by all the steamers, except one; and let future historians take note of the fact-for it affords an amusing commentary on the difference between preaching and practising-that the offending vessel was no other than the Admiralty yacht, the Black Eagle. To the horror of the ingenious Mr. Prideaux, and to the indignation of all beholders, on she came in the full insolence of official pride, dimming the atmosphere with a voliune of black smoke that burst from her funnel as from a factory cl?umey. Her Majesty's train arrived at the Royal Clarence Victualling-yard at 5 minutes to 12 o'clock, being above three-quarters of an hour after its time. On alighting Her Mnajesty was received by Admiral Sir WVilliamParker, G. C. 13.,principalnaval aide-de-camp; Admiral Sir Edimuid Lyons, G.C.B., the Marquis Townshend, Aide-de-Camp, Sir Charles Wood, Sir Maurice Berlkeley, Rear-Admiral Peter Richards, Rear-Adniiral Eden, Captain Milne, Sir RobertPeel, &c., forming the full Board of Admiralty; also by Admiral De Ia (Graviere, of the French Imperial Navy, Captain Superintendent Dacres, MlasterAtterdant Davies, Storekeeper Pinhorn, R. N., Mr. Godson, Mr. Stevens, MIr. Scott, and other officers of the railway company, and a guard of honour. The Court immediately embarked on board the State barge, and was steered by Captain the Hon. Joseph Denman to the Victoria and Albert, lying in the harbour stream. Her Majesty -was accompaniied in the yacht by Sir WVilliam Park-er, Sir Edmund Lyons, the Marquis Townshend, Admiral De la Graviere, and .Mr. Osborne, Secretary of the Admiralty. After a short inlterval the trumpeter stationed on the Pier Battery announced the approach of the. Royal yacht. The guns of the Platform Battervinstantly confirmed the intelligence, and in a few minztes the Yictoria and Albert rapidly steamed out of the harbour, and glided swiftly towards Spithead, amid the enthulsiastic acclamations of the assembled multitude, the bands ashore and afloat striking up the National Anthem, while every vessel dipped her ensign. The extraordinary exertions made by the Adniiralty to have ready a strong naval force for the opening of another campaign had been crowned wvith complete success as far as the batteries and gnboats oare conecrned. They are built, armed, and manned, move easily and in good order, and appear fully equal to the kind of work that was expected of theem. The new and smaller flotilla, added as an appendix- to our baffled giants of the deep, is ready, but only to celebrate the conclusion of peace by playing its part in one of those grand spectacles *which may be callled national. They have often been seen before, though rarely during the last 40 years, for they can only be produced in all their grandeur in a time of war. One naval review is still of recent remembrance, and the display of yesterday, wve believe, confirmed in tl?e minds of all wvho witnessed both the impression that snch exhibitions of human power may followv wvithout conmpletely resembling each other. The spectacle of yesterday, fine as it was in its mere muaterial clements, did not, however, excite the same interest or depth of feeling as the r:view of 1S54. There was much curiosity in the thousanids of spectators afloat and ashore, but there was no enthusiasm. The decorations of the scene were splendicd, but all poetry and passion had been elininated from the drama, and it fell flat. "Is it war or peace " asks Temnyson in his latest sepulchral song; there was a sihlilar doubt yesterday upon all minds. W"hat did men go out to see? It wras not a triumph for victoly achieved; the part of the navy in our past success has been subordinate and secondary. It was not hope,the exulting confidence in success to come; for the cannon are silenced, and diplomacy is drawing its web across their muzzles. *Vas it merely the country " taking stock " of its means of offenice, laid in regardless of cost, and suddenly, by change of circumstances, obliged to be laid by in store unused? WVe believe this is nearly the truth, and, umconsciously felt by the public yesterday, it deprived the review of that deep and terrible interest with whieh the departure of the fleet vwas witnessed two summers ago. In this spectacle there was much of the same formi, but its spirit was no more ; the rnritsurj te sdautant of the Roman gladiators as they descended to the arena would have had no signi'icance if they were only going to a rehearsal of conflict with bltnted swords ! In describing the effect of peace as taking off the keen edge of interest in a warlike spectacle we do not for a vioment regret that " our wars are over," for the present at least. But the fact must be noted that the siglht of such an addition to our naval force as that fleet of gunboats did awak-en some unholy wishes that they had existed sooner, or that-perhaps it is better not to pursue the speculation further. There are lovers of peace in the abstract who do not welcome the Peace of Paris with extreme heartiness. They are in that frame of mind illustrated by Shakspeare's Captain, who, in danger of being disbanded by a similar untoward breaking out of a compromise between the parties, said, ":EHeaven grant us its peace, but not the King of Humgary's." We noted many yesterday in the same mental condition; Heaven's peace they would willingly pray for, but not the Emperor of Russia's ! These elements subtracted, the review, as a spec. tacle, had some moments of much grandeur. When London rushes per rail to a seaport on such an ccasion its eye does not anticipate the space over which the evolutions will extend; it is measured by miles, consequently all the crowding and squeezing is on shore; on the ocean there is ample room and verge enough for all possible movements by every variety of craft. T'here is thus a disappointment resulting from this vastness of our peculiar element. From no one point can more than a part of the movements be seen; and of that small portion the chances are that very httle can be umderstood. The day was magnificent and in every way favourable to the occasion, to be accounted for by Her Majesty's proverbial good forlame and the fact that official " arrangements" had nothing to do with it. Some of these " arrangements" failed lament- ably; the hitch between routine and accident this time luckily caught two of the estates of the realm, the Peers and Commons, and, to do them justice, they growled as heartily as humbler men, and may possibly agitate the matter "elsewhere."1 But this was only a disagreeable episode, of which the million knew nothing. They were lining the shore, crowded in a dense mass on the esplanade and every point from which a view seaward could be obtained. The day was clear and golden,-the finest we have had for the season; the wind was light,-a blessing to the weaker kind of landsmen who ventured afloat; there would lhave been too little, per- haps, for evolutions under canvass, but modern fleets dispense with the " woven ' wings,"- steam having literally " put a hook in the nose of Leviathan." The water between the Wight and the main land was dotted, not crowvded, with craft of all' shapes and tonnage, from the rowv boat to the stately line-of-battle ship. The most curiosity was excited by the new gunboats, which were tomake their d,6bt in the presence of the' Sovereign, and' by the floating batteries. The' latter,-four low, flat, squat, black, unwiqldy constructions, the Trusty, the Glatton, the Thunder, and the Meteor,-remained motionless at anchor. Their appearance inspires a doubt whether they are' capable of motion; they were, however, a feature of the scene, for to conmpensate for their shapelessness they had put on the gayest of toilettes; they were more brilliantly " dressed" than any other vessels in the harbour. It was in vain; beauty of folrmthe one thing needful for the eye of the amateurwas not there; their ugliness is irredeemable; garlands of roses would not give grace to these hippopotami. The gunboats, without being models' of elegance, move easily through the water, turn deftly, and have a blunt, determined look, with a spice of mischief in it. We have heard ancient mariners speak with much respect of the capacities in that line of the Danish gunboats of tlle Baltic; we can fancy a flotilla of them approaching with. earriestpurpose, making the commander of a squadron of prouder vessels look grave. The following are the names of this portion of the fleet:- WHITE SQUADRON. Under the command of Captain theo Hon. Heruy Xeppol, C.n., in the Shortly after 12 o'clock, as we have before stated, Her Majesty's yacht leftClarence-yard, and as she passedoutsidethe first shipof theline, toreturndown the centre of the double line of ships of. war and gunboats, the Duke of NVellington opened the Royal Ealute; it was rapidly taken up by the other vessels with grand effect; it was one of the finest moments of the review. As the Queen's yacht passed all the ships mained the yards. The yacht returned through the line to near the Warner Lightt; and there was a pause in the proceedings of some length, which the experienced devoted to refreshment. The rest of the programme of the day was pretty closely adhered to. Between 2 and 3 o'clock the gunboats steamed down the line, and passed up it again on the outside. Soon after 3 the Royal Yacht was seen standing towards the Rodney and London, anchored to the E.N.E. of the Nab bght as pivot ships; slhe was followed by the Duke of Wellington and the Royal George, the leading ships of the line; the rest following in their order of anchorage. They passed between the pivot ships, doubling tack outside them, and returned in the same order to their former stations. No canvass was spread, which rather detracted from the beauty of the scene; but the immense screw men-of-war glided easily and silently along, apparently without aid or effort, and the manceuvre was perfectly fornmed. The following were the ships engaged in it, and the orderinwvhichtheypassed downandreturned:- ORDER OF SU=LIX. The Royal yacht, which had remained outside the pivot ships, then returned towards Portsmouth, and took up a position in the rear of the line of gunboats, which were by this time (about half-past 4 o'clock) ready to begin a mimic attack on Southsea-castle. The signal being given, they opened a brisk fire on the devoted fort, and directly in the faces of many thousands of stunned and delighted spectators under and in front of it. From the seaside little could be seen of this attack, which did not last so long as expected, the expenditure of powder being limited to six rounds from each boat; nor did the Castle rettrn the fire, from considerations, we believe, of the safety of those letween the Ibelligerent,, We have nothing to record of this affair more than that there were considerable imnoLe and noise; there wa3, perhaps, a plan of action, but, if so, it was like chance " direction that we could notsee." The Royal yacht, after the caimonade,.returned to Portsmouth, the ships of war again saluting Her :3ajesty. This. closed the maritime proceedings of the day. There. was a rush on shore and another fearful squeeze at the railway station, and it must have been very late indeed before all the London guests re, I turned to the metropolis. Her Majesty and the Court left Clarence-yard for London at half-past 5 o'clock. The French Admiral and his Staff were guests of the Lords of the Adniralty on board the Black Eagle. The fleet was led by Vrice-Admiral Sir George Seymour in the Royal George, 101, apropos to the day being St. George's. The presence of the members -of both Houses of Parliament was an essential feature in the programme of the review. It was intended that the steamships bearing the Lords and Commons should attend closely upon the Royal yacht during Her Mlajestys passage down the lineof-battle ships, and it was thus proposed to add to tl]f grandeur of the spectacle by giving to the proceedings something of the character of a national demonstration. The two Houses of Parliament were to typify the cordial aid given to Her Mlajesty during the war just ended by statesmen of all parties, and were to express by their presence the confidence felt by the nation in the valour of our seamen and the resources of our navy. But the infusion of this moral element ixi the great naval review was frustrated by a series of mischances and mismanagement which can scarcely fail to become the subject of complaint- and explanation as soon as the two Houses assemble. The steamers containing the Peers and members of the Lower House did not arrive until the review was half over. When they did appear upon the scene. their presence was officially ignored. They were not invited to take any part in the demonstration or to approach in any proximity to the Royal yacht, and were, in fact, treated as outsiders, like any of the hundred other steamers afloat. So early as half-past 8 o'clock several members of both Houses of Parliament, who had taken the precaution to come to Southampton on Tuesday, assembled upon the quay to await the arrival of the tenders which were to convey them to their respective vessels. The scene presented within the docks -wias exceedingly animated. The magnificentsteamers of the Peninsular and Oriental Company and the 'West India Royal Mail Company conveyed thousands of passengers to the review. One by one, the Peninsular and Oriental Company's boats Manilla, Sultan, Euxine, Ripon, Sinila, and Alma, received their complement of directors, shareholders, and their families, and slowly moved out of the harbour. The West India Royal Mail Company's boats the Tay, Atrato, and La Plata, followed with their vast living freights, and in the numerous catalogue must also be noted the South-Weitern Company's shipsCourier, Alliance, and Express, theUnion Steam Company's Saxon and Union, the' General Screw steamer Queen of the South and about 30 other ships. Southampton might well be proud of her contribution to the grand review of the fleet since the tonnage of these steamships was said greatly to exceed that of Lord Nelson's fleet at Trafalgar. These stupendous results of private enterprise greatly added to the grandeuir of the scene at Spithead. They wrere gaily decorated with flags, had bands of imusic and many elegantly dressed ladies on board; and as they dropped down the stream, under the bright sun of a lovely April morning, our senators had ample leisure at once to witness the beauty of the scene and to- observe the order and regularity with which the passengers stepped on board these vessels from tlhe quay. They did not omit to contrast afterwards the comfort and convenience wlhich the directors of these companies were able to offer their guests with the incomplete arrangements and want of punctuality which denoted the " charmed circle" of official management. The Governiment steamers were two or three miles down the river, and tenders wvere appointed to carry their passengers on board. The Transit screw steamer, Commander C. R. Johnson, was appointed to convey the members of the House of Peers. The Perseverance, Commander Macdonald, was allotted to the House of Commons. For officials of the various public departments four steamers were engaged-the Himalaya, Vulcan, Holyrood, and Thames. The tenders for these steamers were the Harbinger, Widgeon, Monkey, and two Government tugs. Aboit 9 o'clock the Right Hon. C.S. Lefevre, Speaker of the House of Commons, arrived upon the quay, and there were also assembled Lord and Lady. Overstone and the Hon. Mliss Jones Loyd, the Earl of Ialhuesbury, the Duke of Roxburghe, the Earl of Carnarvon, Lord Berners, Colonel Boldero, MLr Hildyard, Mr. Peacocke, and many other peers andmembers of Parliament. Having taken their places in their respective tenders, our legislators awaited the arrival of the special train wlichl was to leave London at G a.m. At length rumours wvere ciurent that the train had broken down, and, as it seemed doubtful when it would arrive, and the morniing was wearing away, it was proposed that Peers and Commoners should go offto their steamers in one and the same tender, leaving the other available for the passengers by special train when it should arrive. The arrangement was made, and after vwaiting anotlher quarter of an hour tha tender left the dock and steamed down the river. The Transit was the first vessel gained, and here were seen Lord Granville, Lord Colville, of Kinross, and a few other Peers who were anxiously looking for the arrival of the tender. The Peers on board the tender having been transferred to t-he Transit, the tender steamed for the Perseverance, where accommodation had been provided for 450 members of the Houi-se of Commons. After a tedious delay of an hour a boat came alongside with Lord Granville and two other peers, with a suggestion that the members of the Lower House should leave the Perseverance and be put on board the Transit in the boats of the two vessels. The Transit could then proceed to the review, and the Lords and Comnuons who might arrive by the special train would be enabled to follow in the Perseverance. After some discussion the members of the Lower House declined to adopt this proposal, and there was accordingly nothing left for it but to wait for the missing train. The delay was most provoling, for the distant sound of the Royal salute upon Her Majesty's arrival at Spithead had reached the ears of the impatient legislators, and they felt that they were losing the most picturesque part of the review--Her Majesty's progress down the columns of the fleet, and the manning of the rigging. The policy -of making Southampton the port of embarcation for the occasion was seriously impugned and scarcely found a defender. Then it was argued that it was unadvisable to make the departure of the stearmers contingent upon the arrival of a morning train from London, and that membels who had arrived the nig6,ht before, and who had presented themselves upon the quay at the hour fixed by their. notice for embarcation, ought to receive the reward of their punctuality by being conveyed to the scene of action in time to witne as the proceedings. The tedi-un of waiting was somewvhat relieved by the arrival of a tender with about a dozen raemnbrs of Parliament. Some dissatisfaction was expwised that the Perseverance had been detained all this time for a haixdf,tl of indiyidnals, a Ad it was ex- pected that the anchor would then be WFighed. But it appeared that the main body were still behind, and another demand was made upon the patience and goodhumour of those who had made sacrifices to be punctual. Where this tender came from, who sent her, and wlhy she was not in the docks upon the arrival of the special train afterwards became a mystery which some one will probably endeavour to unraveL At length the Harbinger appeared in sight. Her decks were crowded, and it would evidently be a work of time to dispose of her passengers. There was another long delay. It took a long time to put her alongside the Transitj and then there were so many peers and ladies to go on board that minutes seemed to expand into quarte-s of an hour to the hon. gazers from the Perseverance. Then the Harbinger stood for the latter vessel, and, after some futther delay, 200 or 300 infuriated legislators climbed the decks of the Perseverance. A chorus of complaints arose, and it appeared that, after being delayed for more than an hour upon the railway, Lords and Commoners had been compelled to wait tiree-quarters of an hour upon the quay at Southampton because no tender was at hand to convey them to their respective steamers. It was hintedc that it might not have been amiss if one of the Lords of the Admiralty had condescended to accompany the members of both Houses in order to secure them against such a failure in the Admiralty arrangements. But it is, perhaps, well that no Lord of the Admiralty made his ap pearance uipon the qaarter-decl of the Perseverance, for he would infallibly have fallen a sacrifice to the indignation of the popular branch of the Legislature. Her Majesty arrived at Spithead at noon, and her faithful Commons, then distant sevelal miles from their Sovereign, started from their anchorage precisely at half-past 1 to join their Royal mistress W"hen the Transit and the Perseverance reached the scene of the review the gunboats were performing the manoiuvre of steaminig to the westward outside the columns of frigates and line-of-battle ships. The light and graceful screw corvettes forming the double colunns were first passed, then the 50-guin frigates, beginning with the fast-sailing Imperieuse, and afterwards that splendid array of two-deckers, more than 20 in number, with their heavy gnus and tremendous weight of metal. The three-decker6, the DukTe of WelUington and the Royal George, formed a suitable climax to this most imposing display of naval strength. When Her ALajesty led out the fleet towards the SNab Liglht the Transit and Perseverance obtained a good position near the Rodney and London pivot ships. -The skill and precision with which the -whole fleet turned outwards in passing round thepivot ships -the imposing appearance and majestic motion of the line-of-battle ships as they advanced in close order of sailing,-the swarm of sailors aloft as each vessel on turning manned her rigging,the hearty cheers wlhich became truly musical in their transit across the water, were by turns the subject of comment and admiration. This was declared to be the most striking feature in the review which had come under the notice of the two Houses. The Royal salute uponHer Mfajesty's depai-ture afterwards put in a powerful claim to attention. The reverberation of hundreds of heavy ordnance, and the lurid flashes seen through the smoke, appealed powerfully to the senses, and terminated the review -with, eclat. The Transit and Perseverance, -with'' the Himalaya, the Atrato, and the other vessels of the wonderful riiercantile fleet of Southampton then slowly steamed up the waters of the Solent, and arrived at Southampton between 6 and 7 o'clock. The weather had left nothing to be desired, and the grand spectacle of the day, it was felt, was not one to fade easily from the memory. Tlie foliowing -are the officers of the Imperial French -navy who represented that service at the, review:- Rear-Adnmial L1. M1. J1rieu de la Graviere, Pre3ident de La Deputation. Post-Captains.-Belveze (Capitaine de Vaisseau), Gironeau, Didelot, and Gollman. Commuanders.-Lejeume (Capitaine de Fr6gate), Beuic, and Chaperon. Lieutenants.-De Fanques de Jonquieres (Lieutenant de Vaisseau), Duburgnois, Touboulie, Lufond, Z6de, MIMI. Boille, Hamelin, officier d'Ordonnance du Ministre de la -Marine, De Beaulieu, and Hocquart. 3 ates.-D Buirburin (Ensigne de Vaisseau), Le Roux. ILLJMrINATION OF THE FLEET. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) The most interesting and only novel feature in tlie day's movements was that reserved for the night, as an Emeralder might say; and this wvas a thorough novelty to such of the present generation as accidentally -witnessed it. We say " accidentally," because no notice of an intention . to illuminate was given in the Admiralty's programme, and consequently thousands who had borne the csld and Languor of the day had left on their return to distant homes before the ships made this grand and brilliant demonstration. This was effected by simultaneously lighting up the yards and portholes wvith bluelights. At 9 o'clockl gun fire, the whole fleet at anchor burst into light as by magic; the jets one above another, maintopmast high aloft, and the ports of each opened at once, showing a vivid glare between decks, caused an unusual roar of cheering from the shore, which was echoed and given back with interest fromthe boats of the legion afloat. This in the stillness of the calm night had an effect as imposing as it -was rare, and cheer upon cheer applauded the spectacle. From 9 to 10 rockets -were sent up thickly from the ships, and raised a golden shower upon the "f loating capital." The Conumander-in-Chief, Sir George Seymour, entertained the admirals, captains, and other offlicers of the fleet at the Admiralty-house in the evening, where the French Admiral and staff were the honoured guests. The Erebus, one of the three monster floating-batteries built of wroughtiron by Napier, arrived at Spithead, from n'Glasgow, just in time to be a feature in the finale. (From the Court Cirelilar.) Her Mrajesty amd his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, accompanied by the Prince of W%ales, the Princess Royal, Prince Alfred, the Princess Alice, and the Princess Helena, and attended by the Marchioness of Ely, Lady Caroline Barrington, the Hon. Eleanor Stanley, the Hon. Lucy Kerr, Lord Byron, Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, Major-General the Hon. Charles. Grey, Colonel Biddulph' Lord Alfred Paget, and Colonel F. H. Seymour, left Buckingham Palace at half-rest S o'clock yesterday morning for the private station at Vauxhall of the South-Western Rail. way, where the Royal party was joined by his Royal Highness the Dake of Cambridge (attended by his Equerry in Weiting), Earl Spencer, and Sir James Clark. A special train conveyed the Queen, the Prince, and the Royal p?arty to Gosport, where Hier MIajesty was received by the Lords of the Admiralty-viz., the Rig-ht Hon. Sir Charles Wood, Rear-Admiral Sir M. FB. Berkeley, RearAdmiral H. Eden, Rear-Admiral P. Richards, Captain Alexander Milne, and Sir Robert Peel. His Serene Highness Prince Edvtard of Saxe Weimar, Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons, and 1IL Jurien de la Gravisre Admiral of the French navy, paid their respects to9the Queen at Gosport, and, together withthe Lords e£ the Admiralty and the ladies and gentlemen of the Royal- Suite had the honour of accompanying Her hlajesty aniPrinc; Albert on board the Victoria and Albert Royal vaoht. - The Queen's 2Maval Aides-de-Camp, Admiral tr Willia Parker and the Marquis Townshend, attended 'Her Majesty from Gosport on board the-Victoria and Alleurt. Soon afterthe commencement of therev',ew Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour, Commander-in-Ch,ei at Portsmouth, and Rear-Admiral the Hon. B. DondAs, went on board the Royal yacht to receive the Queens c'jmmands. At the termination of the re,e'w, about 5 oclock, Her Majesty and Prince Albert landtd at Gosport, and left the raiw ay station at half-past 5 o'clock, travelling to London by ; special train, and retur-ed to Buckinghani Palace, accompanied by the elder }',uyal family and attended by the Ladies and Gentlemen, i1 Waiting, at 10 mint past 8 'cQQl I kte
FOBRMGN INTLLIGBNBC. I.RAliM- (rso3c ODX OWN COPRMPONDnbT.) (t[A Pfdia a~h following appearedI n our aeca.EI Sabao -7 L rA.kiIu, UssDAY, .&r,L LI, b1 PM. The Covstitutio,zed of yesterday contained an article on Spain and Spanish affairs conceived in a apirit of great hostility to the present Government. lt dwels on the disturbances which have lately taken place in Valencia, and recalls those which have occurred in other parts of the country since the revolutibon of July, 1854. It ascribes dark nrojects of ambition to Fspartero, anEemore than ts at the probability of a federative republic in the Peninsula, with the Duk-e of Victory as President, and with the most violent of the Democratic party forhis supporters. But what will produce still greatereffect in Spain is the sortof recommendation it gives of an intervention in the aflusirs of that country. It avails itself of the personal anid political probity, which the greatest enemies of Esparero have never denied himi, and of the influence with which those qualities have naturally invested him, -which enable him to quell popular tumult and allay discontentwheneverdafgerarises,to charge him vith harbouring treasonable projects against the Sovereign of the country! The article is sofar mischievous that the Constitution7el passes with the nublic at henie and abroad as ?linisterial, notwitfistanding the frequent disclaimers in the official organ of the Government; and an importance is necessarily attached to its words which they really do not possess. I have reason to believe that the French Government is quite as much annoyed by these outbreaks of feelina as the Spanish Government can be, and which may be expected froma those whose interests would be served by the continuance of discontent and anarchy in that kingdom. But it is not true that Spain is in the sad condition the CovsWitutionvel is induced by interested people to suppose. At the -very moment it is described as hardly affording one secure spot to live in foreign capitalists are flocking thither and investing their treasure in industrial enterprises, undertaken on a scale commensurate with the requirements of the country. It is not likely that the countrymen of the Conditutiowinel, who are seldom accused of rashness in commercial speculation, would thus place their foltunes where everything is tottering, and w here the stability of the Government is not worth a week's purch3se. The Constiictionud evidently sees no peace or prosperity for SpaiL until the men whose oppression and corruption drove the country to the brink of perdition again return to misgovern and ruin it. One would suppose, from the Cowstitutionnel, that Spain was always contented and happy, and a stranger to revolution, until it came to be administered by O'Donnell and Espartero. Now, it is a well-known fact, that at no time since the civil war was brought to a close was she more distracted by changes, more -vexed by factions, more degraded by oppression, and more plundered by adventurers, than during the domination of those under whose fatal inspiration the Cowstitutiontnel is doing such mischief. At no time, not even during the ciNil war, which might palliate unusual severity on the part of rulers, was the law more systematically set at nought, the privileges of Parliament more disregarded, the rights of citizens more trampled under foot, than during the Moderado rule. lt was not uinder the authority of Espartero that, for a harmlesI pleasantry on people who wore -igs, unhappy journalists were dragged from their beds in the middle of the night, and, without form of law or process of any kind, except the verbal order of a Dictator, transported to the Philippines. It Was not during Espartero?s rule that every province and town in Spain was placed under martial law, and continued so for months. It was not while he was in power that no man was safe froni the vindictiveness of provincial tyrants; nor was it he who introduced inmilitarylegislation the famous ordinance directing that men might be shot on the mere identification of their persons. Neither is it true that Spain was happy and tranquil under the rule .of those who were ignominiously ejected from her boil two years ago. From the tine that party got into powGer until they were driven from it, hardly three months passed without an inurrection somev where or a military rebellion. Barcelona, in 1844, defied for three months the Spanish armcy tmhat blockaded it. Saragossa, for nearly the same period, ksept a General aft its gates. Mataro had to be cannonaded by anmther, and the military and civil - insurgents of Girona dictated their own termus of evacuationto the General of the Queen, and marched out with the honours of war, to occupy the formidabIe citadel of Figueiras and bombardZthe towfn. The great military insurrection of Gallicia at s later period alI but succeeded, and the rebellion of Alicante was followled by acts of unwonted ferocity. Twice within two months were the streets of Madrid stained with blood; barricades, erected in some of the leading thoroughfares, were defended for a night by the people; and the insurgent battalions of the morning of the 7th of MIay, 14, kept possession of the Plaza Mayor for hoursa pOSitiOnl a few minutes' walkl from the Royal Palace. The (Jonlstittio'nnel is therefore mistaken in attributing to the present Government - of Spainl the comparatively triling disorders which - occur her and there in a country which has been: so often the theatre of rebellion, and which had been ground by oppression and plundered to its very last real It is true that the present rulers of Spain have a hard task to get through. Idependent of -the difficulties which a Government has to encounter in a country where so many changes have occurred, the men now in power have to remedy the evils which were left as a legacy by their predecessors; and they have, moreover, to countermine intrigues and conspiracies, at home and abroad, on the part of those whom the Constitutionnem would admire. These men know that no idea is likely to produce such an effect on Spaniards as the intervention of the foreigner in their affairs, and, exasperated at the ill-success of past attempts, they do their utmost to perpetuate the spirit of discontent and suspicion. What Providence has in store for that country I know not, but this I amn pretty sure of, that any change that would have for effect the forcible abandonment of power by the Duke of Yictory would be followed by a catastrophe the es±ent of which it is not difficult to anticipate. It is stated as positive that Count de Mormy will be appointed Ambassador Extraordinary to St. Petersburg, for the coronation of the Emperor of Russia. He will probably be appointed afterwards President of the Senate, and the place of Arch- hancellor will be established forM. Troplong. M. de Morny gave a grand ball last night, possibly the last he will give as President of the Legslative Corps. Queen C7hristina, the Duke de Rianzares, Marshal Narvaez, Count Orloff, and other distinguished persons were present. Count Montalembert was not the last to arrive, nor among the first to go away. I am assure=d on good aathority that Edranger deriies positively that he is the author of the verses "Auz Etladiants" attributed to him. TLe Risorgirnento of Turin, of the 19th inst., announces that the ratifications of the Treaty of Peace by the Sardinian Government were despatched for Paris on the 18th inst. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 741. 30c for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f.; and the new Loan at74f. 90c.; Orleans 1Railway Shares, 1,400f.; Great Northern, 1,07of. Strasburg, 1,042f. SOc.; New Shares, 8Sof.; P;a and Lyons, 1,432f. 50c.; Lyons to the MIediterranean, 1,640f.; Western of France, 91sf. Sdc.; Bordeaux and&Cette, 780f.; Great Central of France, 7llf. 2Sc.: Layons anid Geuieva, 805f.; Bank of C5redit Mtobilier, 1,732f. S5c.; Austrian Railways, 940N. Co='s Autlzeneique.-PAuus, April 22.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half.per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 yeas), !3f. 6.c. 94f.; ditto second Loan of 1S55 (50 per cent. paid), 9Wf. 25c. 50c.; ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 94f. 25c. 50c.; Four per Cents., S6f - Three per Cents., 74f. 50c. 40c. 45c. 40c. 35c. 20c. 30c.; diftto first loan of 185v (SO per cent, paid), 74f. 10c.; Bank of Fra-ice, 3,SSOf.; Creddt Fonder, 720f. 15f. ; ditto Obligationm of .50f., Four per Cents., 435f. ;-ditto Three per Cents., 400f.; ditto JTenths, Four per Cents., 97f. 50c.; Prow. Obligations of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 92f. ; rCrdit Mobifler, 1,742f. LOc. 1,737f. 50c. 1.73Sf. 1,72f. 50Gc. 1,732f. SOc.; Discount >.k, 700f. ; PiedmonteseFireperCents., 93f. 93f.25c. 93f.; ditto Three per Cents., 60£f. Oc.; Austrian Five per Cents., 50 Kente de Naples (Rothschild's), 113; Romans, 9L Exchaage on London, at sight, money, 25f. 37'c.; three *0os.ta, mouOy, 24f. 921c. AUSTRTA. (OM Ou0 OWN Cor.BxsrOsNfl)a,-.) VIENNYA, APRiL 19. A day or two since you were informted that on Sundiay, the 20th, thanksgivings vwere to be offered up to the Most Hligh for the restoration of peace, and the Ocs eiciaste C'orrc.sponden: ths3 confirm mry statement "The Emperor, on the 151h instan', signed t'ho Treaty of Peaee concluded on the 30th-of March at Paris; and at the same time waa ple,aed-to order tbat:in-AU the chures in the enmpire solemn thanikogivialgs sihoiuld obe offered up to the 3£ost lHigh for the restoratio:n of peace. High MI will cccoOrdamgly be celebrted here oi the 20th inst, at lt The Ministers, foreign diplcmatists, and members of thei Episopsl Synod will attend, and it is be. lieved that Hi Majesty will to-morrow hear mass in the Cathedral, instead of -in the chapel of the palace. For the moment the attention of the Court is almost exclu4ively directed to the preparations Which are being made for laying the foundation of the so-called "Votive Church," an edifice wlhich is to be constructed in commemoration of the providential escape of His P5ajesty from the steel of the assassin. The foundation-stone, which irrivedyesterdayfrom Jerusalem,will belaid on Thursdaynext, by the Archduke Ferdinand MIaximilian, the brother of the Emperor, and the ceremony cannot fail to be extremely imposing,asthecityliterally teemswithcardi. nals, archbishops, bishops, and other ecclesiastics of high ranlk. Triumphal arches and stands have already been erected on the spot which the church is to occupy, and invitations have been sent to the different societies of singers to attend. That some of the military bands for which Austria is so deservedly celebrated will also be put into requisition need hardly be said. Some interesting information has to-day been given me relative to the origin of the concordat. The Papal See did not treat w ith the Cabinet about the fundamental principles of that. important convention, but with the Chevalier de Rauscher, the Archbishop of Vienna, who had full powers from His Mfajesty the Emperor. It was only when the fundamental principles of the- concordat had been definitively settled between the Austrian Court and Rome that an Imperial Commission was appointed, and directed to take the matter in hand. The Government was not ashed what the conditions of the concordit were to be, but how they were to be carried out. TPhe Austrian Synod is nolw pursuing the very same plan, for it altogether ignores the Minister for Ecclesiastical Affairs, and directly corresponds with this Court through the Archbishops of Prague anid Vienna, and with Rome through Cardinal Vitle Prelh, the Papal Nuncio. When the concordat was submitted to the Imperial Commission,- the late Baron Kilbeck, its President. strongly objected to several of its articles, but the three Ministers, Count Buol, Baron Bach, and Count Thun, were either mute or spoke in favour of Rome. The Minister of the Interior has become a marvbllously zealous Catholic, and it is generaLy stated in the city that the Archbishop of Vienna recently advised. him to display more moderation. The story miay be a mere invention, but Baron Bach is known to be one of the most advanced of the Ultramontane party. Count Thun's namne is now seldom mentioned in connexion with the concordat, as it is notorious that he has little or no influence at Court, and none over the Catholic hierarchy. The Archbishop of Olmutz is as fond as ever of excommunication, and the consequence of his Niolence is that not a w eek passes vnthoutour hearing that some of the inhabitants of his diocess have seceded from the 1Roman Catholic Church. Not long since the consistory of one of the Austrian bishops sent a circuar to the clergy of the diocess, and in it - the Protestants were honoured with the title of " heretics." The civil authorities endeavoured to keep the matter from the knowledge of the public. but in vain. The Prussian Kreuz Zeitu-ng told the tale, and was yesterday confiscated by the police for its pains. Equal justice is, however, administered ; - for the l7o1.i-Freund, an UJltramontane o;rgan, has also been confiscated for accusing the 'overnment and employes of being lukewarm about the concordat. The last-mentioned paper hints that it might be well to take such measures as those resorted to by Ferdinand II. (1629>-in other words, that it might be well altogether to suppress Protestantism. It cannot be doubted that there is a great ferment in Parma, Modena, and even in Lombardy, but my attention has been called to the fact that the hiah military authorities in the Lombardo-Venetian Kingdom are at great pains to represent matters as worse than they really are, in order that they Imay be able to recovertheir lost ground. Since the state tf siege has been abolished in the Lombardo-Venetian :Kingdom, and the civil government reinstated, the military party has lost much of its inluence, and it is no; endeavourino to regain -it. Any employe who may venture to hint that the peace of Italy might perhaps be less disturbed if the various States were more rationally governed is ,onsidered a well-wisher to the revolutionary party. The commander of the Austrian corps of occupation in Parnma complains that the Director of the Ausbrian Police in that cluchy is too liberal for the post which he occupies. It is still stated here that the Austrian troops did not occupy the frontiers. of Parma until Sardinian forces had advanced towards them, but private information which has reached me leads me to believe that the Austrians made the first move. The Imperial Government evidently has an intense dislike of the idea of the Western Powers meddling in Italian matters, but several enlightened Au3trians have expressed to me their conviction that Italy will not cease to be the focus of revolution until its inhabitants are m6re rationally governed. Men in office state that this Cabinet fully approves the resolution taken to publish the protocols of the Paris conferences, "as they will clearly show that Austria faithfully did her duty towards her allies." The misunderstanding between Barons Bach and Bruck still continues, and many persons a3sert that their dislike to each other is so great that they only converse when absolutely compelled to do so. It appears that the Mlinister of the Interior does niot approve his colleague's idea of allowing a part- of the State domains to pass into the hands of the Credit Foncier which is about to be established. The Immobiliew, Gesedlchaft (Credit Foncier), as it is now constituted; is hardly worthy of mention, but the reorganized establishment will buy large and ill-cultivated estates in Austria, and either colonize them or dispose of them in lots or parcels; it is also to assist the agriculturists by advancing money on their produce. It is possible that the speculation may prove to be a good one, but it is certain that some of the persons who are at the head of the concern are unfitted for the posts which they occupy. The Credit Bank shares are rising slowly but steadily. !otwithstanding the prohibition to do business on tLe Paris and Berlin Exchanges in Credit Bank shares, large orders to buy are still forwarded from those capitals. The demand for Lombardo-Venetian Railroad shares is great, and the premiuni on them 30 per cent. The English and French firms have an exceedingly high opinion of their newly-acquired property, and the house of Rothschild in this city evidently shares it, as it. refuses to part with any of its shares at the present price. It has at last been settled that the ViexnSalzburg Railroad shall run by way of Purkersdorf on leaving Vienna-that is, across the hills, instead of throuah the plain. , The founders -have relinquished all claim to 2 per cent; -on the capital as an indemnification for their expenses in surveying, &c. By the concessionthey were entitled to it, but they have resolved not to insist on it, as the justice of the claim was questioned by some of the organs of the press. It is highly probable that the railway from Vienna to Salzburg will be completed within four years. i PRIJSSI1L (moM OUR oWN COREO .M ) BERLIN, ArMaL 2L The complete list of the new Ministry, that the Kretz Zeittung people have been talking about of late, is as follows --Herr von Bismarok Sch"nhausen, Foreign AFairs; Herr von Kleist-Retzolw, Interior ; General Groeben, War; Councillor Stahl, Public Worship and Education; President Goetze, Justice; Herr Niebuhr, Finance. The present Ministers for Commerce and Agricuilture, Herr vor. der Heydt and Herr von Mantouffel (younger brother of the Minister-President), were to remain. The probability of a K=euz Zeitung Miinistry coming into office is just now considerably less than it has been any time for the last two years, and if the present political conjuncture were not as unfavourable to the prospects of this party as it is, the total incapacity for statesmanliLe measures which they have shown this session in the Chamnbers would deprive them of all chance of sympathy in the nation. MIoreover, the King has no motive at all [just now to change his servanits; they work out his will as patiently and fuly as cler-erly as any of the Kreutz Zeitung party can, even if they were to make a better choice than the above povertystricken list discloses; he finds himself relieved for the present from alL fear of war, and an opening is offered him - for resuming those amicable*relions with England and ussia that Ihave of late suffered so m.uch froml cool~,es3. The King has testified -lhis approbation of his Prime Minister' conduct by conferring on: him the J,ighet order:;in Priiieia; the:Em,peror 'of thej-French has aecondbd this with -the:lGranld, Crow of: the Legion of Honour. EquU aignificant is the ifct that the Esmperor of RussIa hat not' done any.t tig of the ,wrt; but, -as ordersi must be showbred ;uab6nat the conclumon of a tre4tj, he ha-s sent the' t OrdeFr of StaniAus to ,M. Balu, lwho writes the French despatches.m theoF'breigi-office here. Whilst lvaront on Xanteuffel Was in Paris he,received adeputition from theLondon "So6iety of the Friends of feace," who came to offer their thanks to the'representatives' of the Powers who had con- tributed to its attainment.; In addition to 'the' ustial honeyed and rounded phrases iwhibh such an occasion calls for; the deputation pressed on-the Meinister to be the bearer and expositor of their thanks and seiitiments of respect -to the King of Prussia for his endeavours towards the attainment of ce. *oEount Buol was yesterday in Dresden, but it wast not knovml -whether he would immtediitely~ prosecute 'his journey or spend some few days there. The1 Dresdener Journal states that Count Ileselrode is. about to resign his post as Minister of Foreign Affairs in Ru3sia, in which he woilid be succeeded by Prince Gortscha oft, late bliniser in Vienna, but that he would retain his dignity as Chancellor of the Empire. The report that the Emperor and Empress of Russia intend to visit Berlin this summer continues to extend incirculation and belief, without its being ascertainable on what ground the.idea is based. Herr Niebuhr, the King's private'secretary, who has been of late compelled -by ill-health to with-' draw from the duties of his post, vwill repair to Italyfor the summer months, and resume his post in the King's Cabmet on Iisz return, at the be-inuang of next winter. Some further incidental particulars connected with the endeavoiurs to establish a credit institution in St. Petersburg may be of interest to your city readers. It appears that the negotiations. for a concession on the part of the.Goverinent.1have been going on some months already; that the Parisian Credit Mobilier was the first in the field of competitors, and that distinct proposals were made by it to the Russian Government, through 'the agency of M. Thurneyssen, who is in its sefvice, 'and is at the same time well known and esteemed in Russia. In spite of all the exertions of Mf. Thurneyssen on -the spot, the Credit Moobilier encountered a firm disinclination on the part of the Russian Government to enter into any relations with 'it;'- and as soon as the steps of the French .company got wind other competitors showed themselves. In addition to the names 1 mentioned' yesterday-Credit Mobilier (Paris)j Baring, .Brothers (London), and the Vienna i Bank-may now be 'supplied the names of Roths- child and the embryo company of capitalists "and I landowners proposed to be formed in Breslau ' (Silesia). The houseof Stieglitz, feeling its omni- i potence in monetary mattersin Russia threatened by this competition, is determined to avail itself on the one hand of the unwillingness of the Government to deal with foreign capitalists, and on the other hand of the willingness of the foreign capitalists to employ their means in developing the resources of RMssia, and proposes to tinite and concentrate all or most of these forces under the tegis of its own firm. i Totally apart from these negotiations for an institution in St. Petersburg are the attempts made to open a similar establishment in Warsaw. The English speculators on this terrain have been sent to the right-about without any hesitation ; and the further development of the plan appears to be put into the hands of the Warsaw banker, Eronenberg. It is presumed that the statement which I forwarded you yesterday of the Polish Administrative Council having already rejected all the overtures made to it for the establishment of a bank is not correct in the I full sense of the words, but that rather the Council declines directly to negotiatewith the parties, and puts off any further steps in the matter until the undertaklng in St. Petersburg is secured and. settled. The various gentlemen who accompanied the Minister President to Paris have returned to-day; but he himself has been detained cby business in Frankfort, whither he went to confer with Herr von Bismarek Sch6nhausen. Baron Mauateuffel is now expected to return here to-morrow. j RUSSIA. A telegraphic despatch from St. Petersburg,' dated the 21st inst., announces that Count Orloff has been appointed President of the Council of State and of the Council of Ministers, in the place of M. Tchernitcheff, who retires on account of his advanced age. The Emperor Alexander returned to St. Petersburg from Moscow on the 14th inst. The Persian Ambassador Extraordinary, Abbas Kouli Ehan, had left St. Petersburg, and the Sartip Kassim Ehan had been installed as regular Ambassador from the Shah to the Czar. The Journal de St. Pctersbourxg of the 15tli April publishes a despatch from General Luders, to the effect that since the declaration of peace the greatest friendship exists between the Russian and French I soldiers.- TEE DAMNBIAN PR1NOtPAUTES The Paris correspondent of the Indgpendancc! writes as follows:- "I have just been informed that Aali Pasha has received atelegraphiAc despatch from Constantinopte, announcing that, after a meeting of theGrand Council, thedisnissal of theHospodarsof Wallachia and Moldavia was decided upon, and an Ottoman Commissary appointed. The Porte has, selected SafetEffendi for the latter post; ho is Mustachar of the Grand Vizier, or Minister of the Iuterior. The Kaimakans to bo appointed by the Porte are said to bethe Ban Prince Constantine Ghika, President of the High Couit of Justice, for Wallachia, and the Grand Logothete Thdodore Balche, for Moldavia." ITALY. A letter from Rome of the 13tlh says:- "If the temporal affairs of the Holy See are not in a ilourishing conditioa, the same cannotbe said of its spiritual affairs. An improvement has taken place in its relations with Spain, Naples, and Russia. Those with Austria never were more friendly.' On the other hand, if the Sovereign Pontiff has determined on celebrating at no distant period the semi-secular jubilee of 1350, which was postponed for serious motives,' it is because he sees a revolution in pro. gress in the East which will bring about the triumph of the urch. That triumph, the certainty of which fills with joy all the familiars of the Vatican, is not yet well kiiown to the profane. The Holy See has, probably, received ffom some Greek patriarchs adhesions to the book of the theologian Psiriotis, entitled Tkzc Eastcra Church, and a reconciliation is coi6sequently expected. It will be one of the great results of the memorable war terminated by the Congress of Paris. The Czar renounces the projects of Peter the Great npon'Constantinople, and is about to direct particular attention to the Asiatic side of his empire, where he may do whatever he pleases. The Greeks of Turkey and of Hellenis, relying no longee on the autocrat, may have listened to the suggestions of the emissaries of Rome. and taken into serious consideration the doctrines of the theologian of Scio. who desires their reunion with the Holy' See. Aa respects the relations of Eome with Russia, it is certain that Il. Kisseleff will arrive here with a project of concordat, now preparing in the 3Sinistry of Public Worship at St. Petersbur" Ten Catholic episcopal sees are to be re'established in F?oland and in Rssis. In the Ministry of Public.Wotship there is to be a special offlce for Catholic affair, the director of wlhich is to be in correspondence 'with the Secretays-offlce of the Holy' See. istrngetO sg, omeencprlecesgreater difficultiesi coming to a good understanding with the King of Naples. The latter, likre the Czar, wishes to be Pope, bunt only int the island of Sicily, and not in his provinces at this side of, the Straits. Pius IX. issned a brief on the 26th of January last, with a view of putting an end to thatpre. tension. Ferdinand de Bourbon responded to it by dismissing the functionaries of his ecclesiastical Ministry, who were deficient in energy. At this moment, however, thanks to the interference of the G rand Duchess of Tuscany, a sort of reconciliation has been effected. The journal Cirilta Cattolica., the organ of the Jesuits, has been readnmitted into .the Idngdom of Naples, where the animosity is no longer what it was three years ago, when the Neapolitan Government msanifested the intention of seizing on the Papal principalities of Benevento and Ponte Corvo, which are enclosed within the kingdom of Naples. The Emperor of Austria is expected in the. sorse of the summer, and the Quirinal Palace is being sumptuously fitted up for his reception. It is also considered probable that the En.seror otf lussiawill undertake a journey to the west of Europe after his coronation and come to Italy for his mother. the widow of the Czar Nicholas, who ia ordered to the South for the benefit of her health. The embassy of Cardinal Patrizzi to Paris greatly preoc cupies the Holy Father. He is desirous to follow as c1osely as possible the ceremonial observed in 16GS, when Pope Clement IX. was &odfather to the eldest son of Louis XIV., the Due do Bourgogne. for whom Fenelon wrote Teic7maue. Clement IX. was represented at Paris on the occisiOni by Cardinal de Vendoine, cousin of Louis XIV. The Pope would have been happy tofind in the Sacred Col1ege :icardinal of Royal desceut to confide to him that august nission, but Cardinal Yorlk, one of the Stuarts settled ut ltome, w as the last cardinal of that lieage. It was contamplated at one time so invest with tho purple Abbc Lucien Bonaparte, but he was thought too yo'Ing to represent the Pope at the baptism of the ihapisl infant of France. Searches are now making in the ar''nives of the Foreignoffice for all The documents relative to the mission of Cardi- : do 8Vtidome; in order i6-dra :u,p. 1the instirction. of C.aid"At*izzi. p $., Lu,. uster of the GrankdDtke 'Of TUacny - has-. Arivdb from Uivit& Vecc1di, wher- she ,pte- ththo d Dtike~, gho isongto Taples gwith .object of her vsit toRome is, it is said, to assist at the anni: -sersarz of the i tous escape of the Pope and his Court lrom the catlstropho)t the. i:onventof Skneslastye on the 13th of Aprl."
I AMERICA LMVERPOOL, APRIL 23. The United States' mail steamtship Atlantic, West commlinder, arrived to-day with advices from New York to the 12th inst., $4,850 in specie on freight, and 106 passengers. The United States' steamship Washington, fromn Southampton, was pawed going into New York. The Senate has been occupied with the resumed debate on the motion toprint the niemorial of the members of the Free State Legislature of Kansas, which Mr. MIason of Virginia characterized as emanating from men who were in rebellion against the laws of the country. The motion was withdrawn. The proceedings in'the House of Representatives are of an entirely local character. The Washington correspondence of the New 'ork -Herald says that the Senate, having called for *additional information on Kansas affairs and on the Rouse for'further intelligence on the Central American question, the President has sent to each a messago, saying there wvas nothing new in the State department regarding these subjects. 'The correspondence states that the courseof the Administration, in the rejection of Colonel French, Walker's envoy, was almost universally condemnled. It denies the report that the English and French fleets contemplate landing men to aid Costa Rica, but subsequently'says that, if the assertion of a distinguished foreign Minister is to be believed, it is a fact. It adds that the Government would lose no time in recognizing the Walker Government. - The HeraZd, having apparently discovered anot.her mare's nest, leaves the solution of it to Mr. Marcy. It says : aOar advices from Havti brin- the important intelligence that, on the 8th nut., fourEanglish and two Irench men-of-vwar, lately composing part of the Baltic Beet,iarrived in the roadstead of Port au Princo. It is added that other vessels were, expected, and that from 12,000 to 14,000 French troops bad been disembarlked at Guadaloupe. As English vessels would hardly be employed in the enforcement of French claims against Hayti, we are led to ask what are the objectsand destination of this formidable expedition? ' An armed intervention in the affairs of Central America could not certainly be determined upon without some notice of it having been given to our Govermnent. As no communication has as yet been received -by the department on the subject, it is to be presumed that such 'is not the immediate object of the assemblage ofthis large force. What, then, is its purpose? We must leave it to Secretary Marcy tosolve ISponthearrival of the packetship Underwriter, hence, at New York, nine of her crew were arrested on a charge of mutiny at sea. They pleaded the most barbarous and inhuman treatment on the voyage from the -first and third mates. Warrants had been issued against these officers. Three persons connected with General Walker's army had been seized on board the' steamship Orizaba, as she was leavin; for SanJuan, Nicaraguaj charged with organizing a body of armed men to proceed to Nicaragua and to fight against the Republic of Costa Rica. Of the 500 passengers on board the Orizaba 300 were said to be unquestionably bound for Walker's army. The Artisan Building, Philadelphia, has been destroyed by fire. The loss was estimated at $200,000. At Buffalo the ice was slowly breakcing away. Seven out of the nine mail bags, which were lost in the steamship Curlew, had been picked up three miles from the wreck. From the New York commercial reports we learn that there was no perceptible change in monetary affairs. The demand for money was active, and the current rates were 7 to 9 and 10 per cent. according to the standing of the borrower nmd the date of 'maturity. The stockmarket, in 'the absence of European advices, had been without any violent fluctuations during, the week prior to the sailing of the Atlantic, aind prices onthe whole werewell maintained,particularly the best description of States" stocksj bonds, and shares. The speculative shares, on the contrary, had, with few exceptions, fallen off slightly. In exchange there was but little business done for the Atlantic. The current rates were Bills on London, 9k to 9i per cent. premium; Paris, &c., 5f. 1A8p. to 5f. 17'c., 60 days, and 5f. 12;c. short sight; and Hamburg, 36,to 360. For cotton an active demand had prevailed for export and on speculation, and prices had advanced le. to gc. The improvement seemed to have been based upon the falling off in the receipts at all the principal shipping ports except New Orleans, and anticipated favourable advices from England. I fiour there was not much doing for export, alid prices had not varied materially during the week. The demand for wheat was light, and.the markets closed dull and unsettled. The provision-market was unchanged. All staple goods of British manufacture were held firmly. The auction sales were well attended, awde a large quantity of merchandise changed hands. The imports continued largely in excess of last year, but they were below the entries to the same date;in 1854. The business in the iron-market vjas confined chiefly to retail transactions. Scotch pig was scarcely as firm as previously reported. there was no particular change in the rates'of freights, and the business was moderate. At New Orleans, on the 10th of April, cotton was quoted 4c. to ic. advance, and sterling exchange 8s premium. _________
THE MEDITERRAjANEAN. SOUTHAMPTON. WEDNESDAY EVENING. By the Peninular and Oriental Company's steamer Ava, Captain Field, with the India and Mediterranean mails, we have dates from Alexandria of April 9th; Malta, 13th; and Gibraltar 18th. The Ava has on board 130 passengers and the usual cargo. The steam transports Benvick and Madagascar left Gibraltar in ballast for Malta and Constantinople on the 16th inst., for the purposo of bringing cavalry horses to England. The steam transport Bacchante, which put into Gibraltar on the 8th inst. to repair damages, would be ieady to s-il for the Crimea on the 19th inst. Her Majesty's screw steamship Ariel, in accordance with orders, sailed for Malta on the 10th inst. The horses and mules at Gibraltar, which had been purchased for the Land Transport Corps in the East, were disposed of on the 15th inst. The Taurns, six and a-half days from Liverpool, arrive I at Gibraltar-on the 16th. The Calpe, also from Liverpool, arrived at Gibraltar on the 13th inst., after encountering severe weather in the Bay of Biscay. The list of the passengers on board the unfortunate steamshi 3Mino. which was sunk on the 29th ult. by a collision wi& the British transport Minden, has been published. The Minden was repairing damages at Gibraltar, and would shortly leave for England. Several transports had arrived at Gibraltar, ea route for England. Rxchange on London was quoted, for 90 days, at 53.1; Paris, Sf. 38c.
DIVoRcE AND B&TRIMoNiAJL CAUsuS.-The Lo,rd Chancellor's bill to trasfer the jurisdiction in matrimoni3l causes and to establish a court of divorce has been printod. It is waiting the second reading in the House of Lords.- The measure is to be called "The Divorco Act, aud the day of its operation to be inserted in committee. The jurisdiction now vested in ecclesiastical courts is to deternmine,-andalliatters to be transferred to the "Court of Divorce." The judges of the new court are to be the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice of the Queen's Bench, and the Judge of ;the Court of Probate and Administratiom. The Iord Chief Justice may depute any one of the judges of the superior courts to act for him in case he is uiiable -from his other advocations to attend.. The Court of Divorce is to act on the principles of the ecclesiastical courts. Desertion of a wife for three yearswithout reasonable excuse is to entitle hdr to alirony. A huesbind or wife mawy presept a petition to'dis-' solve marriageon the ground of adultety, ard the Courtiss to pronounceadecreedissolvingthemarriage, andtheparties nty marry again. An appeal is given to'the house of Lprds: iithin threeamonths if Parliatnsnt be"sitt:ng,and if pot then within 14 days after the niext useeting. The House of L.ords may remit a case to the Cout. of 2irorce and order particular witnesses to be examined., 'The judges 3ap cfficers of the ecclesiastical courts affeted, by this meanire are to receive compensation. The Couit before proceing to hear the evidence on a petition is te& appoint some com; petent shorthand writer who is to be-sworn faithfully totake the evidence. "IEery such shez thand writj s;ha Li paid out of the Suits' Fee Fundof the Coirt of Ch acary such a sum of money by wyof ramunoration for his serITies as the said Court of Divorce by any general or special order may from time to time direct.. SMOKE NVIsANeC AaTEeENT .ACt.-FACL . a return just issued by order of the Houseof Lords, it*p ears that the number of furnaces in glass and pottery works in the metropolis existinig' before the 20th of Augustw 15J, whidh were exempted from theurovisions of the Smoke'Actk wm 364, and tkst 1S additioci.l furnaces had since benA erected. -s
,- TH TREATY OF PI2CE. :Tho following has beon pubished as an authentic. copy of theTreaty of Peace concluded at Paris' We ta-e it from the. Eprewss. Articles 5, 6, 7, and 8 are wanting. "IIy aura, a dater du jour de l'muane des rtifcations du present tait, pair et amiti entre S. MLEinpereur des Fanwis, S. M la Reine duE Eoyaume Uni de la Grande .-Bretagne et d'Irlinde, S. M. le Boi de Sardaigne, S. 3. le Sultan d'pn part, et S. M. rEmpereur de toutes le Russiesde rautre part, ainsi queentre leurs heritiers et successeurs, 'leurs Etats et sujets re iprtuit. ., .. . - " ATICLE I. I "La paix' dtant hieureusement etablie eentre ledite6 Majestd;-les territoires cong.nis on occupes par leurs armees -pendant Ia guerre seront rdciproquemuent vacIes. - " Des arrangements spEciaux regleront la mode -de l'evacuatimn qui devra etre anasi prompte que faire se A"rATicLsr 3. " S. 31. l'Empereur de toutes les Russies s'engage A restituer A S. 3I. IeSultan la ville et citadelle deKars, aussi bien que lea autres parties du territoire Ottoman dont les troupes Russes se trouvent en possession. ARTrxCa 4. "Iours l&jestes PEmperr des Frsancais, Ia Reine du Royaumo Uni do la Grande Bretagne et d'Irlande, le Rol de Sardaigne, ot lo Sultn s'engagent a restituer S S. 3L Eipereur do toutes les Russies los villes et ports de Sebastopol, Balaclava, Kamioscb, 1 upatoria, ertch. " ATICLE 9. "S.31. Lile Sultan, dans sa constante solicitude pour le bienetre do ses sujets. ayant octroy6 um firman qui, en am6lioraitleur sort sans distinction de religion ni de race, consacre ses genereuses intentions envers les populations Chrgtiennes de son empire, et voulant donner un nouveau t6moignage de sei sentimens A cet cgard, a r6solu de commuIuquerautipuissances contractantes ledit firman spontannemnt eman6 de sa volontG souveraine. " Les puissances contractantes constatent la haute valour do cette communication. ll est bien entendu qu'eUle ne saurait, en aucune cs, donner le droit auxdites poisances de s'immiscer, soit collectivement soit separement, dans les rapports do S. M. le Sultan avec ses sujets, ni dans l'administration int6rieure de son empire. - - "ARTICLE 10. "Ia Convention du 13 Juillet, 1841, qui maintient 1'antique regle de rempire Ottoman relative a la clOture des d6troits du Bosphore et des Dardane71es a 6te r6vis6 d'un commun accord. " Lacte conclu A cet effet, et conform6ment a ce principe ertre les hautes parties contractantes, est et demeure annoad au present trait6, at aura mOrne force et valeur que s'il. en faisait partie int6grante. "ABTICLE 1L "La Her Noire est neutralis6e; onverte A la marine marchande de toutes les nations, ses eaux et ses ports sont formellement et a perpetuite interdits au navillons de guerre, soit des puissances riveraines soit de toute autre puissance, sauf les exceptions mentiomnmes aux articles 14 et 19 du present trait6. "1 ARTCLr 12. "Libre de toute entrave, le commerce dans les ports et dans les eaux de ia Mer Noira ne sera assujetti qu'a des reglemens de sant6, de donane, de police, conqus danas un esprit favorable an d6veloppement de transactions cominerciales. " Pour donner aux nt6rUts commercianux et maritimes de toutes les nations le securite desirable, la, ltussie et I1 Sublime Porte admettront des consuls dans leurs ports situ6s sur le littoral de la Mer Noire conformement aux principes du droit internationaL "ARTIcLE 13. "La Mer Noire otant neutralisee aux termes de rarticle 11, le maintien on rltablissement sur son littoral d'arsenaux militaires-maritimes devient sans n6cessite comme sans objet. En cons6quence S.ML l'Empereur de toutes les Russies et S. L le Sultan s'engagent a 'e6lever et A ne conserver sur ce littoral aucun arsenal militaire-maritime. IIArTic;LE 14. "Leurs Majest6s 1'Empereur de toutes les Russies et le Sultan ayant conclu une convention A 1effet de d6terminer la force et le nombra des batimens lgers n6cessaires au service de leurs cates qu'elles se reservent d'entretenir dans laMer Noire, cette convention est annyxee an preseut trait6 et aura meme force et valcur que si elle en faisait partie integrante. - lile ne pourra etre ni annullce ni modifi6e sans rassentiment des pUissances signatoires diu present traitO. "APivcnx 15. "L'acto du Congres de Vienne ayaut ctabli les principes destin6s a r6gler ia navigation des fleuves qui s6parent oa traversent plusieurs Etats, les puissances contractantes stipulent entr'elles qn' a ravenir ces principes seront egalement appliqu6s au Danube et Al ses embouchures. Eles d6clarent que cette disposition fait d6sormais partie du droit public de l'Europe et la prennent sous leur garantie. "LanavigationduDannbsnepourraotroassujettie aaucune entrave ni redevance qui ne serait pas express6ment prevue parles stipulations contenues dans les articles suivants. En consequence il ne sera pergu aucun peage base uniquement sur le fait de i navigation dn flense, ni aucun droit sur les marolsandises qui so trouvent a bord des navires. Les reglements do police et do quarantaino a etablirpourla sOret6 des Ei:tats separds on travers6s par ce flcuve seront concus do mauiere :l favoriser autant que faire se pourra la circulation. des navires. Sauf ces reglements il ne sera apporte aucun obstacle quelqu'il soit ala libre navigation. "Dansle but de realiser les dispositions de'larticle pr6-uident, une commission dans laquelle la France, rAutriche, la Grande Bretagne, Ia usse, la aRussle, la Sardaigne, et la Turquie seront chacune repr6sentke par un delOgu6, sera chargde dedesigneret defaireex6cuterles travauxnece.3saires depuis Isatcha pour d6gager les embonchures dii Danube, ainsi que les parties de la mer y avoisunantes, des sables et autres obstacles qui les obstrEent, afin de mettre cette partie du flenve et lesdites parties de la mer dans les meilleures conditions possibles de navigabilite. Pour couviir les frais de ces travaux, ainsi quo des etabissements ayant pour objet d'assurer et de faciliter la navigation aux bouches dui Danube, des droits fixes, d'un taux convenable, arrltes par commission Ala majorite des voia pourront etre prdovds, A la condition expresse que, sous ce rapport, commne sons tons les autres, lea s avilonsdetontes los nations seront traites sur le pied d'mee egalitcparfaite. - "ArcrsCas 17. "tUne commission sera 6tablie et se composera des d6I6gids do rAutniche, de-la Baviere, de la Sublime Porte, et de turtembeng (un pour chacune de ces puissances), auxquels se reuniront les commisires des trois Principaut6s Danun biennes dont La nomination aura GtO approuvO par laporte. Cette commission, qui sera permanente, 1, Olaborera les rOglements de navigation et de police fluviale; 2, fera dis. paraitre les entraves de quelque nature qu'elle3 puissent etre qui 'oppossnt encore ;11'application au Danube des dispos:tions du traite de Vienne; 3, ordonnera et fera ex6cuter les travaux n6cesaires sur tout le parcours du fleuve; et, 4, veiUera, aprds la dissolution de la Comrnission Euro enne, an maintieu de la navigabilit6 des embouchures du Danube et des parties de Ia mer avoisiautes. "ARTIcE 18. "llest entendu quelaComuissionEuropOenne aura yempli sa tache, et que la commission riveraine aura terrnine les travaux design6s dans I'artikle prec6dent sous les Nos. 1 et 2, daus l'espace de 2 ans. Les puissances signataire3s zunies en conf6rence, inform6es do ces faits, prononceront apris en avoir pris acte la dissolution de pu Commission Europeenue; et des forsaia commission ziveraine poermanent jouira des m1nems pouvoirs quo ceux dont la Commission Europeenne aura 6tc investie jusqu'alors. " ARacczE 19. "Atin danssurer l'execution dos reglements qni auront ete .arret6s d'un comnmuu accord, d'sprOs lea principes cidesans enonces, chacumo des puissances contractantos aura Ia droit dofaire stationner en tout temps doux batimens 16dgena aulx embouchures dii Danube. " AnRacar 20. "En Ochange des vifles, ports, et territoires enumeres dans rarticle 4 du pre'sent trait6, et pour mieux assurer la libert6 de la navigation du Danube, S. M. 1'Empereur de toutes les Russies consent 1 Li rectification de sa frontiere on Bessarabie. La nouvelle fronticre partira de la Mer Noire A un kilometre A rest du lac Bourna-Sola, rejoindra perpendiculairement la route d'Akerman, suivra cette route jusqu' an val de Trajan, passera au snd de Belgrade, remontera le long de la rividre de Yalpuck jusqu' l.a hauteur de Saratsika, et ira aboutir a Ka-kamori sur le PTrth. En amont de ce point l'ancienne frontiero entre les deux empires no subira ancune modification. "Des delegu6s dos puissances contractantes fixeront dans ses details le trac6 de la nouvelle frontiere. "AnTiCEt 2L "Le territoire cm6 par la Russle sera annex6 A la principaut6 de Moldavie, sous la auzerainet6 de Ia Sublime lorte. "jlos habitans de coe territoire jouiront des droits et privilRges assures aux principautes, et pendant le space de trois ann6es il leur sera permis de transporter ailleurs leur domicile en disposant librement de leurs propri6tes. "A ATicx 22. "Les Principaut6s de Valachie et 3MoldUvie continueront ;1 jouir sous la suzerainet6 de la Porte, et sous la garantie des puissances contractantes,'des privil'ies et des inmunitds dont elles sont en possession. Aucume protection exclusive me sera exerc6e sur elles par sne des puisances garantes. a n'y aura aucun droit particulier d'eog6rance dans leus affaires int6rieures. ,,_ - __ _ 1 CAnTiLE 23. " La Sublime Porte s' engage A conserver auxdites Pancip3ategs un administration independante et nationale, ainsi que la pleine Hlbertc de culte, de legislation, de commerce, et de navigation. "Les lois et statuts anjourd' hti envigeatrserontrdviscs. Pour etablir un complet accord sur ctte rEvision, one cornuission speciale, sur la composition de laquelle los hautes puissancs contractantes s'eutendront, se reunira sans delai A Bucharest aveq une commission de la Sublime Porte. "' ottN comamission aura poAr tache de s'enqugrir de Metat des Principautks, et de proposer les bases de leur future organisation. "A.TiCLE 24. "S. 3I. le Sultan premet de convoquer immddiatemit dans chacune doe deux provinces in divan ad 3o: cowpoae de maniere A constituer l3 rpr&sentation iI. Ius exacte des intre*ts de toutes les classes de la socicte. -Ces divans sont appeles a exprimer les voun des populatiwas rslativeiment A oroanisa:iion definitive des Principantt& UIne instruction du CongrZs reglera lesrapports de la tonmissoio avec ces divans. "AnTiciL 25. " Prenant en consid6ration l'opinion Emise p3r los dour divns, la commi3giontransmettrasans aetard au siege octuel des conforencea lo resultat de son propre traval. "." L'entento finale avec l1 puissance suzeraino seraconsscre par urn convention conclue A Paris entre lesa autes parties contractantes, et un hatti-cheriffconforineannstipalations de la convenition constituern ddmitivement rorgamlsation de ces provinces placles dGsfnrmais sons lI g'IraouWs collectve do toutes les pissiances siguatairEs. -AurIcLE 20. - 1 eat convenu quail y aura dan6 los Princilaut6s uanea I force arm6a nationale, organis6o dansle butf de 3naiatenirlaI s-iret% de rint6rieuraetR'axurer calle des frontieres. Ancane Ientrave ne pourra etre apporbde ann muesures extraordi| naites dd efense quo, d'acord ivec la-Sublime J?orte, eUelb aeraient appela i6 preniro pour repousser tonte agressiot etrangam "ARIci.z 27, "Sile repex int6rieur dog Pnrncipauti se trotivait menace ou compromia, la Sublime Porte a'entendrAvec les autres pussanoes contractantes sur les mesures preadre pour maintenir ou ritablir l'ordre IgaL tne intervention annbe ie poDur avoir lieu xanssan accord prCalble entre ees puissanceK - 4'h~~ATICLEt 28 Les Principi:te de SeTie contiauera A relever de la SublimePorte, conformirnent aux lat&s]m iaux qu fixent et determinent xes droits et immunites, places &iaormgs sous Ia garantie collective a puissces cont3ctantes. " En cons~oueno ladite Principauti conservera son administration i^ndependante et nationale, ainsi quo la pleine libertd de culte, de regu2athon do commerce et de navigs. 'tARTICLE 29. "Iodroit dc 'garnison deol Sublime Porte, tel 43u'il se trnestipuld ps ls glemOiit5 antdrieurs, est munteunu Aucaune intervention armnee no pourtra avoir lieu en Servie sans ian accord prealable entre Yes hautes posaces con. tractantes. "ARTiCLE =0. "S. 31L mpereur de toutes les Russies et S. 31 Ye Sul. tan maintiennent dans son int6grit6 lDtRat de leurs posses. ions en Asie tel qu'il existait legalemnent avant la rupture. "$ Pour prevenir toute contestation locale, Ye trace do ba Eronticre sera veriiie, ets'il y a lieu rectifie; sans qu!ilen pnisze rdsolter an prejudice territorial pour rune oul'autre des deux parties. A^ cet ebe~t one commission mnixte, composee dO 2 commissaires Russes, de 2 commissaires Ottomans, d'un commissaire Franuai , et d'un comuissaire Anglais, sera envoyee sur les lx immcdiatement aprds le rctablissement des relations diplomatiques entre la cour de Russia et la Sublime Porte. Sontravail devra etretermin dans l'espce ae huits mois i dater de rlchange des iatifications du present tratit. - " ARTrcL 31. "Les territoires occupcs pendant laguerre par les troupes do leurs Maestds l'Empsereur des ranpis, l'Empereur d'Autriche, la Reine du Royaume Uni de I; Grande Bretagne et d'Irlande, et le Roi de Sardaigne aux termes des conventions signees d Constantinople le 12 Mars. 1854, entre Is France et la Grande Bretagne et la Sublime Porte; le 14 Juin de la n,dme annee entre l'Autriche et la Sublime Porte; et le 16 Mars, 1355, entrela Sardaigne et la Sublime Porte, seront evacues apres lechange des ratificationsdu pre. sent trait6, aussitot que faire se pourra. Les delais et les moyens d`ex.cution feront robjet d'un arrangement entre la Sublime Porte et les puissances dont les troupes occupent les territoires. "AmT{crx 32. "Jusqu':i ce que les traites, ou conventions, qui existaient avant la guerre entre les puissances belligerentes aient ete renouvels ou remplaces par des actes nouveaux, le commerce dPimportation ou d'exportation aura lieu reciproqaesenot sur le pied do rdgleineuts en vigneur avant la guerze, etlours sujets en tonte autre matiere seront respectivement tnaites sur Ye pied do Ia nation Ia plus favorisee. "ARKTIcLE 33. "La convention conclue en ce jour entre leurs Majestes 'Empereur des Francais, la Reine du Royaume Uni de Is Jrande Bretagne et d'lrlande, d'une part, et sa Majest6 L'Empereur do toutes Yes Russies, do l'autre part, ralativemont aux lles d'Aland, est et demere annex60 au pr6sent Sitd, et aura medme force et valour quo £i elle en faisait partie. "AnTncLE 34. "LBe present trait6 sera ratifi6, et les ratifications en ~eront ebangCes f Paris, dana respace de quatre semaines, ua plutot sifaire so peut. ' Enfoi de quoi lesPl6nipotontiaires respectifs rontsigue st y out appos6 Ye sceau do leurs ames," JTr.1NSLATIOI%.J The Plenipotentiaries, after having excchanged their ?lenary powers found to be in good and due form, have &greed upon the following articles "ARTICLE. L "tFrom the day of the exchange of ratifications of the psresent treaty there shall he peace and friendship between Eli MIajesty the Emlperor of the French, Hier MIajesty the Queen of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, RCia Mfajesty the King of Sardinia, His 3Yajesty the Sultan zfthe one part, and His Majesty the Emperorof All the Russias o£ the other part, as well as between their heirs and mccessors, their respective States and subjects in perpetuibty. Avcx2 <' Peace being happily established between their aforesaid Elajesties, the territories conquered or occupied by their srmies during the warshall be reciprocally evacuated. Special arrangements shall regulate the mode of evacuation, which shall be effected as soon as possible, ausi4 orompte quefairespourra. " ARTIcL1 3. " His Majesty the Emperor of All the Russias engages to restore to His Majesty the Sultan the town and citadel of Kars, as well as aU the other parts of the Ottoman territory if which the Russian troops are in possession. " ARTIcLE 4. Their Majesties the Emperor of the French, the Queen of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the King Df Sardinia, and the Sultan engage to restore to His Majesty the Emperor of AU the Russias, the towns and ports of 3ebastopol, Balaklava, Kamiesch, Eupatoria, and Kertch " AP.TIcLi 9. "His Majesty the Sultan, in his constant anxiety for the wellbeing of his subjects, having granted (octroye) a firman, which, in ameliorating their lot without distinction of reoidon or race, proves his generous intentions towards the hristian populations of his empire, and desiring to give a lsrther proof of his sentiments in this regard. has resolved so communicate to the contracting Powrers tho said firman, rpontaueouslv emanating from his sovereign will "The contracting Powrers acknowsledge (constu!ent) the treat value of this communication, It is q~uite understood hat the fact of this communication cannot m any case give ;o the said Powers a rightto interfere, either collectively or eparately. in the relations of His Majesty the Sultan with is subjects or in the internal administration of his empire. " .ARTicz 10. "The Convention of July 13, 1841, which maintains the Id regulation of the Ottoman empire relative to the closing f the Straits of the Bosphorus and Dardanelles, has been evised by common accord. "The act concluded wvith this view, and conformably to -hat principle between the high contracting parties, is and *emains annexed to the present treaty, and shall have the aine force and value as if it had formed au integral part tf it. "ARTICLE 11 " The Black Sea is neatralized. Open to the mercantile narine of all nations, its waters and ports are formally and a perpetuity interdicted to fags of war, -whether belonging ;o the bordering Powers (puissances 7i-craines) or to any ither Power, save and except the exceptions mentioned in rticles 14 and 19 of the present treaty. " AmTIcL 12. "Freed from all impediments (entrae), trade in the porte %nd waters of the Black Sea shaU only be subjected to regn. Lations of health, customs and pice, conreived in a spfrit Favourable to the development of commercial transaWions. "In order to give every desirable security to the commerial and maritime interests of all nations, Russia and the 3ublime Porte will admnit consuls in ports situated on the .oast (littoral) of the Blaclc Sea conformably to tha principles of international law.] "ARsTIcLE: 13. "The Black Sea being neutralized according to the terms Df Article 11, the maintenance or establishment on its coasts >f military-maritime arsenals (arsenaux7nitifaires-maritimes) becomes as unuecessary as without object (devient Jang easit6 c7nlae seie otjet). In consequence, His .Iajes'y the Emperor of All the Russias and His Majesty the Sultan ingage neither to construct nor to preserve any militarymaritimue arsenal upon that coast. "ARrTic 14, "Their,Majesties the Emperor of All the Rusasias and the Sultan having concluded a convention for the purpose if determining the force man number of light vessels neces. sry for theserviceoftheir coasts, which they reserve to themselves the right of keeping up in the Black Sea, this sonvention is annexed to the present Ftreaty, and shall havo the same force and value as lif it had 7formed an integral part of it. This convention can neither be annulled nor moW* ed withont the assent of the. Powers parties to the present treaty, "ATicLE 15. "The act of the Congress of Vienna having established the principles destined to regulate the navigation of the rivers -which separate or traverse several States, the contracting Powers stipulate between themselves that for the future these principles shall be also applicable tothe Danube and to its e2nibochure. They declare that this disposition. constitutes henceforth a part of the public law of Europe, and they take it (the disposition) iunder their guarantee. "The namigation of the Danube cannot be subjected to any hindrance (entrare) or dues (redeaance) which shall not be expressly provided for by the stipulations contained iu the following articles. In consequence no toll (f7edsc) shall be taken that may be based solelyupon the fact of ths navigation of the river, nor any duty (elioft) upon merchauiso whEich may be on board vessels. Tho police and narautine regulations to he tstablished for the security of the States separated or traversed by this river, shall be cona- meived in such a manner as to favour the circulation of ressels as much as possible (autant quc faire se pourra). 3ave these regulations, no obstacle whatever shall be placed in the way of the free navigation. " ARTICLE 1G. "With the object of realizing the dispositions of the preceding artiele, a commission in which France, Anstria Great Britain, Prussii, Russia, Sardinia, and Turkey shll oach be represented by a delegate, shal}' be charged to de and cause to be executed the necessary works from Isakha downwards (dcvuialsalcha) in order to clear the mouths of the Danube, as well as the neighbouring parts of te seso Erom tbe sand d other o6sbales vrhice obstruct t)aem, so asto put that partof the river andthesaidparts c the seA in the best possable state of navigability. " To cover the expenses of these works as well as of thet establishments having for their object to asoure and facil.- tate the nanigation of the mouths of the Ianubc, fixo duties, at a proper (tonvenaM3e) rate, to be 3ettled h,ihe commission by a majority of votes, may Vbo levied, en the eipress conditions that in tiis respect, as i l others, ihe flags of all nations shall be treatei ona footing of pareeet equality. " ARTICLE 17. -. " commission sllol bo appobted, composed of delegatee of Austria, Bavaria, the Subulime Prkte, and Wirtemberg (one for each of these Powers). to which counimision, the commission of the three Danubian Principalities, whose nomination shall have been approved by the Porte, shall be joined. This connission, which shaU be permanent, wiU first draw up the regulations of navigation ad of fluvial police; secondly, femove the obstacles (entravcs) of whatever nature they may be. which as yet prevent the spplica- tion of theo disp:Kitio of the treaty of Vienna to the Danube; thirdly, g,ive orders foi>and cause to be executed t!e necess.ay worlX thrcughout ~the whole course of the ivexm (sf'tdlen o ,nrcovrs ea ,heui'e); dand fourthly, after :the dissokviAnn of t.he E.nropeazt commissi.on,} see to tli
IAr-USi OF A F.OATING BAT2IEY ON THE TiAmS.-On Tuesday a floating battery of large dimensions, peculiar construction, and bearing the appropriatename of the Thunderbolt, was launched from the building-yard of Messrs. Saniuda, Brothers, at Millwall, Poplar, in 'he presence of a large concourse of people, among whomwere Earl Greyand several persona of influence and standing resident in the neighbourhood. The vessel, whi propelled by a screw, is 1SG feet in length, 48 feet 6 iichen inbreadth, 18 feet in debth, and of the burden of nearly 2,000 tons. She carrfes engines of 200 horse-power, manufactured by Miller andRliavenhill, and is pierced for 30 guns, 1e on each side. Her armament will consist of 10Glong 63-pounders, each of the weight of 95cwt., and, when fully equipped with her engines and armament, it is estimated that she will not draw more than between S and 9 feet of water, which wi bringh er portholes 43 feet above the lev el of the sea. She has been built under an -order from the Admiralty from a design made by Mr. Watts, Assistant-Surveyor of the Navy, and at a cost of between 80,0001. and 100,000l. It is not a little remarkable that a vessel of this calibre and novelty of construction should have been built and launched in little more than three months. She vas begun on the 5th of January last, and it was part of the contract that she should be completed by the 1st of 3ay. No fewer than 800 men have ben con- stantly employed in her construction, and in that way she' has been finished in so short an interval. She was destined with two others--one of which, called the Erebus, was launched on Saturday last from the building yard of Messrs. Napier, on the Clyde; and the other is being built oln the Tyne-to form part of the Baltic fleet of the present year, had not the treaty of peace altered the w hole aspect of affairs. She is constructed in a manner altogether peculiar, and vastly different from an iron ship, as that term is ordinarily understood. Her sides are composed of three coatings-first, an inner one of iron, then of teak planking sLX inches thick, and again over all plates of forged iron four inches thick, and each weighing nearly three tons, which cover the whole of the battery visible above water-mark. From the water's edge to the deck also her sides recede or -lope rapidly upwards, so that aball striking her above the water, independently of the resistance it would meet from the invulnerable coat of armour in vhich she is encased, would glance harmlessly into the air. Her interior economy consists, among other arrangements, of a dispensary and sick bay, a h-rge Dagazne, shell and store roonis and a cabin forthe captai and oflicers, the men sleeping in hammocks. She glided gracefully into her native element on Tnesday, amid the cheers of the spectators, and as she rode t Trotzly on the bosom of the Thames she presented the spectacle of a novel and exiceedingly f9o dable engine for cFbnsive or defensiys jiaval operations.
UNIVYEBSIT ITArTEilGEYCE. dTTFflR1Y Avpr 99 Ihe following are the principal new regulations inthe form of the statate on the subject of the Bodleian Library, which is to be promulgated in Congregition on Tuesday. the 29th inst., at 2 o'clock :-1. It is provided that thei librarian and sub-librarians may be graduates in medicine. 2. The election of the former is to be in full term, and after 20 days' notice S. Retiring pensions are provided for thelibrarian and sub-librarians, Im the former case, after 30 years service in the library, of 3001. a-year; after 20 years service of 2001; in the latter case, after 30 years service, of 1501. 4. Liberty of non-residence during 10 weelks in eac'n year, besides the times during which the library is closed, is allowed to the librarian and sub-librarians, provided that no more than one of. the three is absent at one and the same time. 5. The librarian and sub-librarians are forbidden to take the charge of any parish distant more than five miles from O.xford, or with a poeulation exceeding 200. 6. The stipend of the librarian is flxed at 7001. a-year, and that of the sub-librarians at 3001. 7. A fine of lOs. is as3igned to any ill-usage of a library bool;, and the penalty of non-payment is to be perpetual exclusion from the library. 8. A room is to be provided in the aicinity of the library, which is to be open from 10o'clockinthemorningto 10 o'clock at night,andis to contain all recently-published works, which are to remain in it for oneyear fromthetime of theirreachingthe library, and to which also those who are working in the librarymay cause to be removed in the evening such books or manuscripts as they require for the purpose of continuing their labours; two servants are to be in attendance, and the curators are to he empowered to fit up, if necessary, a second room for the use of those engaged in severer studies. 9. The present board of curators is to he increased by the addition of five persons, to be elected for a term of ten years by Congregation out of their own body, such persons to be re-eligible. It is understood that the building which it is proposed to fit up as a reading-room is the present Convocation-house, which may without inconvenience be a phped to the purpose, as the meetings of Convocation can be held in the Divinity School. The examination for honours in the Classical School of the Moderators will terminate on Thursday next. The list may be expected to appear on the following day.
THE ATTrENaipT ASSASSINATIOX I RUERTSTIEET.-A reward of NDOl. has been offered for the apprehension of Fosclhini, and yesterday bills to that effect were issued. The bills describe Foschini as being "1 23 years of age, 5 feet 4 or 5 inches high, light hair, thin beard and moustaches, slightly built, and good looking." It appears he was seen in the neighbourhood of Rupert-street on Monday evening, and it is ex-ected, in consequence of the reward beingoflered, that he will soon be in the hands of the police. Upon inquiring at Charing-cross Hospital last niglht the reporter was informed that Rovelli, the man who was badly stabbedin the abdomen, wasnotin sofavourablea condition as he had previously been. Throughout yesterday he had been spitting blood, and showed very bad symptoms. One of the other sufferers wvas not so well as he had been, and danger could not be said to have passedin either instance. They all maintain silence, and, though questioned about the unfortunate matter,refuse to give any reason for the commission of the offence. Persons well acquainted with them all state that political causes led to the act. T}l: MlERCATILE LAW A 1E2in~, T BiLi.-The bill of the Lord Chancellor on the mercantile law, which was referred to a select committee, has been just printed as amended. There are now 21 provisions in the measure. It is proposed to enact that the consideration for a guarantee need not appear by writing, and that bills and notes are to be negotiable, though not made payable to " bearer," or "order" unless otherwise expressed. [Advertisement.1-Webster's Dictionary. In one large royal 8vo volome, pnce ifs., " Webster'b Dictionary of theEnglish Language," the sixth edition. This highly important work, which has been. styled by the press " mine Of inexhaustible wealth, a noble monmuent of eruditfon, to the student an invaluable treasue, to the man of business an ever ready book of reference," may nowrbe obtained ofany bookseller for 16s. '*euch a marvelof cheapness, unch a mass of accurate and reliable information throu6hout, compared with the highest and most recent authorities. and newly-edited, 27,000 words not to be found in-Todd'sJohnson beL a herelmserted cannot faito comniand for this edition of "Weter" areemineu6 position among books of its clam.' A specimen-page, if desired, w be forwarded gratis on application. London: George}Ioutedge and Co., Farringdon-street. - [Advertisement.]-Mrs. S. C. Hall's new voL, " Popular Tales and Sketches" is just out. contaialngl8charmingi talesbYt1s st piopular authoress, nowr fs collectied and revised for the -Amusing Library" prie only 2b. Mrs. JIi',siae haiacquiredio great az ceebritybochat homne andabeoaDdthatihlsvoL.cannotbutprove s universal favourite. Asagiftbookit isunumrpassed. Itisbeautifoulssintdand em bellishe, and way be ha d ini elegantcloth Wost free) for balf->rown.-- Lambert and Co., 462, iXeivwl frd-estrtt anLd at all railwys.
zAW REPOBR. : VTMA- AT".TTnRq' lATTPW.' AT--TT 9N . BL13-T V. 1AC]. (Bcfor VYicc4ChineVor Sir R. T. rNDmRsiY.Y- This case came on by way of appeal from the finding of j his Honour's chief clerk, the question raised being wh-t; were the widow's and children's customary rights in the case of property belonging to an inteetate freeman of the city ofl London, where a settlement had been made upon his marriage, and advancemfents made to children , an d where theare was a clause declaring that the widow should not be barred of her dower ? Mr. SwzANsr6s andllr. FRmLT wereheardonbehalf of the party appealing. The case Is stil proceeding. (Before Yice-Olancelor Sir JOHN STUART.) THE OFCIAL MANAGER OP THE NORTHERN COAL MINING COMPANY V. WALTERS. This case was resumed. The facts, as they appeared from. the statement of the counsel for the plaintag were as follows :-In 1837 an agreernent was entered into by some of the provisional directors of the then intended Northern Coal Mining Company for the purchase for a term of 42 years of a colliery called the Whitelee Colliery, situate in the county of Dulrham, for the sum of 45,0001., from the late MSr. J;ohn Charles Ord, the colliery to consist of 603 acres of coaL. In March, 1839, Ord in pursuance of the agreement demised to the company 600 acres of coal.. as to 70 of those acres he had not any title; and as to 300 more it was decided at a subsequent period,in asuitof " Ord v' Lyons," that an agreement by Lyons to grant a lease of the same to Ord was a bad execution of a power of leasing reserved to Lyons, and such agreement was accordingly set aside. By the withdrawal of these 300 acres 11( acres of the colliery became comparatively valueless, as thev could not be approached from the pit which had been sunk on the remaining 120 acres, which was all that then existed available for working by the company. In the year 1841 a committee of the shareholders of the Northern Coal MJining Company was appointed to investigate the afihirsof the company, and the report of that committee brought the above facts, for the first time, to the knowledge of the shareholders of the company. Proceedings inChancerywerethentaken against Ord,which resulted inan agreement of October, 1841, by which it was stipulated, among other things, that the quantity of c ns-i should be substantially made up and the leases perfected. In 841 the company was put in possession of Whitelee, and in March, 184 Ord demised, or affected to demise; to certain persons as representing the company certain other plots of coa, which he alleged was a substantial making up of the 600 acres originally agreed to be leased to the company, These plots of coal were incapable, as the plaintiff aleged, of being worked from the pit which had been sunk, and it was further alleged by the plaintiff that to these ad. ditional plots Ord had no title by reason of certain mort, gages thereon and certain termns outstanding in the trustees of Ord's marriage settlement. Ord subsequently became bankrupt, and the defendant Walters, as claiming under Ord (having, in fact, become a purchaser from Ord's assignees in bankruptcy), tiled a bill for the annual rent of 851. That bill wras dismissed, and upon appeal to the Lord Chancellor the appeal was dismissed with costs. The present bill prayed for a declaration that the plaintiff had a lien, on so much of WVhitelee Colliery as Ord was entitled to, for the sum of 4S,0001., and for,thefurther sum of 2,G0 obtained by Ord as for rent of the 'colliery; and also for a decree for sale of the colliery, and that the proceeds of such sale might be directed to be paid to the plaintiff in satisfaction, so far as the same wouldextend, of his lien. Mr. MALi.Ns and Mr. RoxBuRGH were heard for the plaintiff; but MIr. Rolt and Mir. T. Stevens, for the defendant, were not called upon. The VIcs-CE A NCELLOR Said, that in a case of this natin; the first step which it was necessary to prove was that the money mn respect of which a set was sought had reached the handsetthe person agamat whose lands the lien was sought. Not only was there no proof upon the evidence of any staok circumstance, but there was not a single averment in-the bill that Ord had received the sum of 45,0001. The plaintaff's case having entirely failed, the bil must be dismissed with costs, but it was due to the official manager to say l?r± the suit had been instituted with the sanction of the MAster. {Before Vice-Ckrscell0r Sir W. P. WOOD.) Notwithstanding the example set by the Courtof Queen's Bench -and the other courts of common law, and the opinioa of Lord Campbell, that on this particular day the maxin of " equity fbovoweth the law" ought not to be disregarded, no holyday was observed on the equity side of Wes'.ninster HalL ¶he interests of justice and the claims oflthe suitors are, witiout doubt, of the highest importance; 'but,we think that they might have been with propriety postponed for one day, to afford the judges and counsel of the equity bar an opportunity of witnessing an event of -sudh deep national interest. :WRNAD V. SLG5HAV-LIAXE BATHURST AUSTRA- LASIAX GOLD IUNING COMPANI'. The arguments in this case were continued. Mr. Harvey, one-of the defendants, appeared and argued his case in person. Mr. W. P. UZR }Y was heard for the defendants, James i9loyle, Rigbye zad Barlow, and Mr. CaANnLESS, Mr. Bsi,VAN, and Air. Gk. W. HRv.`NrG for the defendant KnelL The main grounds of defence and of resistance to the relief prayed by-tne bill maybe thus shortly stated:- That there had been perfect bona fides on the part ot the directors, who did not, anl coulc not knowthe falsity of tbe statements contained in the letter sigued Charles Langley, upon which theln-ospectus was based, and that theyhad fully investigated that,matter as soon as their attention had beep excited; that the plaintiff was a shareholder before any steps had beer;taken for getting the company inserted apen the Stock Elxchange list, and that his nterests had in no way suffered ut7 the course adopted, whicch was of comm on practice, and df not morally right involved no legal wrong -that the sales sought to be set aside had been eoffected before the company was formed or any trust iad been created for the slharholders; that the bi'P was defective for want of parties, and generally in Ais frame, charged fraud which was unsupported by evidance, and could not proceed in the absence ef Matthews, theprime mover in the transactions, who was alleged but ineao way proved to be out of the jurisdictien. The plaintiff, ecreover, had not dcomplied with te regulations by sigmnig the costbook, and, therefore, was nettin a position to mainltain the present su1it. Mr. Roavurayled. The YrcCE-CIeAxcsnEO reserved his jdmw ni Tuesday next. jdmn ni
COURT OFBLfIXRUPTCY, BiaUstmc, 4Wil Z. 5SRE R. RIRETA- LANK (Befr Afr. Conzmis*2n,nr rnnm.7TM.%- I The bankrupt ~zas a solicitor andbillbroker, of Agyllstreet, Regent-etstet. and elsewbere. This wag the examination meeting. Mr. Fultvoye appearedfor theassiees. Mr. CInrDLEy, fsr the bankrupt, asked for an adjourn-ment for two months. The bankrupt's transactions had been very numerous, and further time was required to prepare the bills of nosts and other documents necessary to place the accounts before the Court in a proper form TMhe Co3insssio1Y.R.-The bankrupt would appear to 'hav.e been like all ther solicitors, successful or otherwise There is no getting from them a bill of their charges for thlee.or four years, and then there are foand in it a number of 'em and eightpences,' which nobodyr can understand. Mr. CEI,EY.-Your Honour is quite right. It is easier toeian our money thanW: to make ont our bills. THis gIboyourR.-Thle iamount of allowance will stand over. Lar. ane is desirous to do allin his powerfor his creditors and it would be bad polEcy to call upon a man to make bills and -give him no straw. An adjournment for two months was then-ordered. IN PB J. EVANS. The ban:krpt was a tailor, of St. James's-street and elsewhere. T.is was the certificate meeting. Mr. Lawrance supported; Mr. Oldknow opposed. It appearzd from the exa.ination of the bankrupt that Mr. Oldknow had been his solicitor 11 years, and that he was the only Eolicitor he had employed. He had lost 7!. a-week by failig to let his lodtgings during the war. His HONoLr said the bankruut wouldEreceive a secend. class certificate after six montfs suspension for bad bookkeeping. mn RE J. WVINDLE COLE. The bankrupt was a merchant in Birchin-lane. This was a meeting for the proof of debts and declaration of a dividend. Mr. Murray appeared for the assignees. Mtr. CrIIDLEY appeared in support of a proof for 2,500L. on bills of exchange drawn by William Sadleir on Cole, Brothers, and endorsed by Sadleir to James Bramley and Mr. Fooley, and by the latter to the Shropshire Banking Company. The transaction had arisen out of Westminster Bonds. HIi HoNouR allowed the proof to be entered as a claim. Mr. Bramwell could be examined at a future meeting, when the proof would be determined. A claim for 12,000l. by Mr. Bourne was gimilarly ordered to stand over, as also was one tendered by MIr. Chidley for 2201. on account of brokerage on a lot of pig-iron, upon which there had been an alleged loss of 2s. per ton. Various proofs for small amounts,-altogether amounting to -about 4,5001.,-having been admitted wivibout discussion, the declaration of a dividend was deferred.
INSIOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT. Amni 23. IS THE NATTER OF JOIN ThOMAS MOSS. 8-P fRrf.)rp. 17" (11? cl.,-.- I This insolvent, who had been " farming"' steward at the Abittington Club, applied under the Protection Act; Mr. Sargood supported. There was no opposition by the creditors. On the schedu'e the debts were 1,2391., for which consideration had been received, and 393t. owing to him, of which the 7hittington Club were debtors to 3001. for money laid out and expended. The insolvency was attributed to loss by fire of 2C01 property at the club, to the high price, of provisions, .andtootnercircunastances. The insolvent was housekeeper to another club. It appearedthat the insolvent was about to make an assinment to hins creditors when the fire occurred at the 'Whittington Club and destroyed all his property, which was uninsured. The case stood adjourned to the 21st of Maytoserve some creditors, and the protection was renewe. - IN RE IMRRaLMT CURTIS. This insolvent, whose case was reorte d, again appeared. His case had been before the Court about sLx timres. Mz. Dowse opposed, and Mr. Reed supported. On one of the examinations it was stated by the insolventi -who had been a bottled ale merchant, that the faine Liquor Iaw at New Yoik: had partly occasioned his insolvency, -as some-bottledbeerhe sent out was not soldAs he expected, en Account of that law. After an examination the case was akouied for further information.
POLICE. 11tASIO!-HOUSE-John Ford, servant to Messrs. Horne and Co., of the Cross Keys, in Wood-street, carriers in connexion with the London and South-Western Railway WaS brought before Sir R.W. C.aiD upoon the charge of ha*ving stolen a diumond ring of the value of 12!., and two loc3kets of the value of 2!. -nd WilliamnTaylorwas chared waith having received the artice,wl coagta fo had been stolen. ides, well gthtthey * An asiastant to 3r. Mott, of Cheapside, silversmith, said, -On the 17th ofApril I packed the diauona ring and two lockets produced in. a small wooden box, and wrapp2d the box in paper, which I seale'and addressed to " rs.-endall, ier-terrace, Isle of Wight." I gave the parcel to WilliamsGriffiths to take to the Cross Keys in Wood-stree, to be forwarded to its de-istinstion, and I gave him the.money. to pay for the booking.and carrige, and he brought me back areceit for the parcel.. . William Griffiths (a boy in the service'of 1r. Mott), said, he took the parcel to the Cross Keys, and received the receipt produced. George llibbitt,porter to the Cross Keys, said, he received the parcel from Griffiths, and placed it with other parcels for the Southampton Railway. E_ Ford was in the same employment, and Taylor was a jobbing man sometimes employed by the firm. Evans (459) said,-Between 70'clock ana 8 in the evenin I went -vith other constables. to the Cross Keys;. and; fron what I heard I spoke to.the prisoner Ford. I said,: I am a police officer. I supposey4u are aware of the loss of a parcel which was seilt to the Isle of Wight, containin' a diamond ring and a gold locket ?" He said, "I ve heard it's ldst. I know nothing 'boiot it." I said, "a ve you tiot had a diamond rnng inyour possession within thelast few days?' He said, "No." Isaid, "Have you not given a diamond ring to a person to dispose of?" lle said, " No." I waited with him. in the office till Taylor came in, and I said to Taylor, "H aveyou not been offering a diamond ring for sale ", He said, "Yes ;" and at my desire showed it tome, and in answer to my question said Ford gave it to him to dispose of. Inspector Witchel stated that Ford sent for him to the stationhouse and expressed a desire to isiake a statement, as Mr. Mott was anxious about the lockets, and he (Bord) knew where they were. After being cautioned, Ford s4id that about 20 mnutes past 8 on the evening of the 17th inst., on leaving the office arid passing up Wood-street, his foot struck against a small parcel lymg on the ground; that he picked it up, and fourd it contained a diamond ring and o gold locketS ; that be said nothing about them till Saturday evening,vwhen heaskedTaylor to dispose of the rinatthe best price he could, and that thne lockets were concealed on a rafter under the roof of the hay. loft at the Cross Keys. HE then stated to witness that he had no idea that the box came from the Cross Keys' office, as there was no number upon it. The lockets were found in the place described by Ford. Ford said, he had found the parcel, as he had told the ispector, and alor said, that Ford had sent him to pawn the ring. The prisoners were commoitted for trial. GuiLDrALi.-Alfred F. Compere, a lad about 14 years of age, was placed at the bar, on remand, before Sir R. W. CAnrEnn, charged with attempting to break into his master's premises; and also on a second charge of robbing his o~n the former ex;anination it appeared that the prisoner had been in the service of Mr. H. WValker, of 1, Greshamstreet West, as errand boy for nine days only, when on last Tuesday week, as the foreman was shutting up the warehouse, he found a difficulty in shutting the door, and, on examination, it appeared that the screws lid been abstracted from the lock and nails put in intheir stead. The door was however properly fastened, and when the prisoner came in the morning he was given into custody. On searching him at the station three screws were found in his pocket. The circumstances were so suspicious that the sitting ailderman remanded him for a w eel. Robcert Packmnan, 133, said, he went to the prisoner's house at 16, Cleveland-street, Mile-end. in the kitchen he found a rosewood bo.x, which he produced, and 13 dozen and a-half of labes. In thebhack room on the first floor le found a second box, which the prisoner's sister took from a chest of drawers. John Wheeler, the manager of the prosecutor, identified the things as belonging to his master. The articles were kept in. te warehouse to which the prisoner had access, and he had no authority to remove them from the premises. The value of the boxes was Gs. In answer to Mr. Lewis, who appeared for the prisoner thae witness said, the labels had Mr. Walker's name ontheni and might be put on inferior goods, but that no other use culdM be made of them. They were very valuable to him, as the engraving cost over 100!. Mr. Walker said, he had a written character with the boN when he took him into his service, but from what he had since heard he had reason to be dissatisfied with it. Packman handedn letter to Sir R. W. Carden, which he had received from the inspector of police at Ealstead, b3 whch it appeared that the prisoner's character was very bad, he having been twice in custody for felony and dis charged for robbery from his situation. The father's name was Thomas Bond Compere, and the character which pro. cured him the situation was signed "Thomas Bond." He had reason to believe that it was the father who gave the boy the false character. Sir Ri W. CARDE-S inquired for the father, and was in formed be had just left the court. He was, however, brought hbak, but in consequence of not being prepared witl any evidenace as to handwriting no complaint was preferred Mfr. Lewis then urged, that there was no evidence to shom that the -pisoner had had anything to do with the lockofthi door, and consequently the charge of attempting to breal into the premises must fall to the ground. With regard tI the boxes he was ready to plead " Guilty," in order that hi enightbeodealt with under the recent act of Parliament. ISir 3L W. CAkRDER said, the case was too serious for hin to deal with. There could beno doubt that some persons is conneahas with the prisoner intended to rob Mr. Walker'e premises that night, had it not been discovered, and there fore heshould commit him for trial on both charges. Pliebe Thatcher was charged with stealing variom articles, the property of Elizabeth SmithL :1izabeth Smith said, the prisoner was her sister, and shb was-compeled to press the present charge against her be .cause she was suffering so severely from her depredations She had taLen her several timkes out of the workhouse, auc given her cothes and a home, but it was of no use ; every $hig she could lay her hands on was taken for drnk-, auc S-hen she had nothing of her own or her children's left shc would then take what did not belong to her. The property was.dispo-ed of by being taken to a " leaving-shop,"-thal was, a kind of unlicensed pawnbroker's. 'Thomas Perkins, of 11, King-street, Cloth-fair, said, hi purchased wearing appareL On the 5th of April he bought a brash from the prisoner for 2,d, and a frock on thi 11th for-ls. He gave her no ticket or memorandum-bool with it. f-irR. W. CARDN.-Had she not the power of redeem, ing tose things ? Perlnus.-Yes, she hadwithin four weeks. Sir ZR. W. CA6DE.-What interest do you charge on the 2d. for the brosh? Per;ins.-I should charge a halfpenny on the brush and ' d. 0s!ite gown. I keep a book of the things Itake in, ;'ut I give no memorandum. Her case is on that page ibandingian the book). Mlr. !{artin.-Have you a license?9 Perkinc.-I have not. I do not require one. I do not act as a pawnbroker Sir .R. C,iBOEnm (after looking through the book).-It is quite tinse that your business should be put a stop to This book shows that up to the 21st of this month (onl; * hree weeh- you have taken no less than 800 pledges undes lihe prete2it of buying and reselling them. Mr. Phillis, relievingofficer ofthe West London Union, aid, such shops were the greatest curses of the neighbour- Sir R. W. CARDMV.-This thing cannot end here; it is one of the curses of the country, and we must proceedagainst him for it. He takes 300 per cent. interest froni these pooI people; and asks no questions as to how they became possessed of the property they take to him. We have a check upon pawnbrokers, and, if they rob the poor, they can. be very heavily fined; but with him we have no check, and the interest he charges shows it. I shall impound this book, Mfr. Perkins, and see what steps we can take against you fox the benefit of the public. Mfr. Perkins.-1hopeyou do notintend to keep-it. Sir E. W. CARDx?s.-I do intend to keep it, and shall send tothe Solicitor of Iland Revenue that he may take proceedmgs against you. From the 1st of February you have taken in no less than 3,096 pledges up to the present time, and the highest sum lent is only 2s., while there are some as lowas 1,d. I shai send this book to the Solicitor of Inland Revenue that he may take steps to do away with such houses as yours. It is wholesale robbery, and we have no check upon you. I shall remand this case until Saturday, and shall consider in the meantime what st;ns to takc to put down all leaving-shops. Remanded accordingly. Ann Lewis was indicted for stealing two piUows and a blanket, the property of Mrs. Barnett, her landlady. In this case the property stolen was taken to Mrs. Ellen Desmond, a widow, wwho keeps a leaving-shop at- 18, Great Arthur-street, Goswell-street, but that witness having been in court during the preceding trial denied that sbe kept a boolor took Large interest, and described herselfasoroof the kindest and most considerate creatures that ever kepta "leaving-shop" or a marine store-indeed, to such an extant was the milk of human kindness flowing in her veins that she frequently lent two or three halfpenc to those she knew without either security or interest. The prosecutor wished to withdraw the charge, as the prisoner was sorry for what she had done. Sir ZR. CARD,E would not consent to that, hut remanded her unmtil Saturday. BOW-STREET.-Heury Harriss, generally knowni as Lieutenant or Captain Harriss, and late an officer in the German Legion, was brought up for re-examination on -several charges of obtaining money by false checks. The case hadbeen remanded from Wednesday last, when it was proved that the prisoner bad obtained a 1acintosh overcoat fromthe estabishsmentof Messrs. Matthews, waterproofers, of Charing-cross, by presenting a forged cheek rpon Cox and Co., of Craig's-court, for 10!., the balance in cash being also paid to 1idn. Mr. Barrow, a solicitor, who now attended for the prisoner, elicited from the witness in this case that the manner of the 3prisoner was that of a gentleman. He had lever met a more gentlemanly, or apparently a more sane 3man. Mr. HEEP'Y.-That may be inferred almost froni the fact f his havin- parted with his goods and the change upon his faith in tihe genuinene of the check. Mr. Lewis, 50licitor, of Ely-place, stated that he had at.: iended to prosecute another charge against the prisoner for raud ng M r. Barrett tnkmaker, of Oxtord-street On the 20th of March last the prisoner went into hisclient's Fop and selected son)e-goods, amounting to about 6!. 18s. He produced a check for 7!., and aked fMr. Barretf if: 3 e could obhge him with cash for that amount .- Mr arrett gave him the mosley, excpecting of course that' the account wvould be paid at onee; but the prisoner, p'it: ordgerforteseythihnigs onmy paynmaster." The ero ever, ptoved to bevalu eess, and the goodswere case quently, not sent to the address given; but MX. Barrett met the prnsoner subsequently, and they proceeded together to the Mlarlborough Police-courts where 2&r. Barrett chared tEe prisoner 'with dbtIaing goods from nhim under falsa yretences. lMfr. Beadon, the magistrate, however, dismiss a the case. Mr. HErS.Y.-There was no chaxge actually preferred at, Marlborough-street. Besides, the charge should have been, for obtaining money, not goods, by false pretence6. Mr. Iewis only mentioned this ircumstance with the vieiw of adding that, shortly after the proceedings at Marlborough-street, his client w'as threatened with an action for false ixoprisonment, and coolly invitedto " settle the matter" out of court by paying 200!. Mr. B. Barrett was then examined, and having stated the above facts in evidence, ,The prisoner was committed for trial upon this second charge. cThe prsoner as next charged with obtaining 51. from M£r. Simpson, the proprietor of Cremorne-gardens. JamnesRichmond, head-waiter a.t Cremomne, deposed that on Tuiesday evening, the 15th of April, the prisoner, beLng at the gardens wiithia lady, asfied hima if he would cash a check for 5!. Witness said he would ask Mr. Simpson, and referred the prisoner tb that gentleman. Mr. Simpson conFented to do seo, upon which the prisoner drew a check upon Cox and Greenwood for 10. Mr. Simpson observed, "'You said 5!.," upon. which the prisoner apologized for the error, and alteredthe check to 5!. Mr. Simpson, havingascertained that witness had often seen the nrisoner at the gardens, banded the calsh to "L ieutenant lArriss," who partook of a sumptuous repast with his lady, and departed. Te next morning witness presented the check and found that the prisoner had no account at the banlk Mr. Hst.v, on looking at the checkj expressed his sur prise that M Simpson should have cashed a check which ad beeu altered in twto places and bore no date. Witness said it was done in thehurryof business in the' desire to oblige a costomer; hut no doubt Mr. Simpson would be more careful in futare. -In answer to Mr. Barrow, witness shted that hehad never seen the sli,htest indication of insanity inthemnannerof Lieutenaut ifarriss, who was perfectly sober on the occasion in question. The prisoner was coimnittedfor trial. A fourth charge was preferred by Messrs. Allen, military outfitters, of 1S and 22. Strand, upon whom the prisoner had attempted to pass off a check for 60!. He was also committe on this charge. Sergeant Smith stated that, with reference to the first casev he lad ascertained that the waterproof coat obtained of Mr. Matthews had been subsequently pawned by the prisoner. Mfr. H7uN'RY directed the pawnbroker to restore it to Mr. Matthews, and this was accordingly done. Mr. Barrow' submitted that the prisoner was suffering fromna species of monomania. - Mr. ieY said that would be a matter forthe consideration of the jury. He could not dealv with it.. Mr. Alfred W. Etheridge, fromthe house of Cox and Co., Craig's-court, having been examined to prove that the prisoner had no account there, although his checks had been constantly presented, The witnesses were all bound over to prosecute at, the sessions. It was stated in court that the conduct of the prisoner during his incarceration in the House of Detention had. been most extraordinary. He had written more than 100 letters, and sent checks of a similar description in 'all directions. In some of his letters he had proposed to take p all the 'nlet chambers and apartments in London in pnrsuance of some grand speculation. He had also written to secure stabling accomnnodation to a great extent at Epsom for the approiaching Derby. M1r. Barrow observed, that his! client had undergone a year's confiuement in the Queen's. Bench, and, on obtaining hi late appointment, the sudden' joy had partly deprived him of his senses. MARLBorouGH-sTEr.-_John Marldham. and William; Attwell were brought before Mr. BaXGAon7 for final examination, charged with various forgeries. The evidence was in substance as follows:-A young man' named Bowells advertised for a situation in the newspapers. He received a reply, req uing him to call with the letter, in answer to his advertisement, at No. 16, Stanhope-street, Rege-nt's Park. He kept the appointment, and saw A person, alleged to be the prisoner arkham, v;hopromised to engage him asclerk if hisreferences suited. This persongave. him a check for87. 14s.t prorting to be drawn byMessrs. BramJ,h and Co. on Messrs. Ransoms, and requested hifiu to' toPallalL and get it cashed. He went, got the money, Pro. the bankers, returned to Stanhope-street, and gave the.monev to the prisoner, who promised to make inqdiry immediately into his character, and let him know the result. The next day he receivedaletterfrothisperson, regretting that he could not give him the situation of clerk. He saw no more of this person until he met him accidentally in Oxford-street, and, having in the meantime become acquainted with the fact of the check being a forgery, he went up to the person (the prisoner Earkham) and Markham spoke to him and asked him if he had got a plaeo yet;and after saying he was sorry he could notgive him an engagement was wvalking away, when, perceiving that Bowells was following him, he set offrunning, but was stopped on an alarm being given and lodged in the stationhouse. The defence of the prisoner was that he was not the person who answvered the advertisement; that he never gave the witness the check, and that he hadnot received the mouey. d e The witness Bowels admitted that at first he did express a doubt about the prisoner's identity, :something having apparently been done to alter his appearance, but his doubts vanished as the proceedings-went on, and he was no po ethe pr'isoner was the same person ihe saw in Stau'7 TelandLady of the house in Stanhope-street said, a pr son very like the prisoner took her apartments and suddenly disappeared. The lodger, she thought, had lighterlair and whiskers.. 'Tne servant gave the same evidence. (To account for these discrepancies it is presumed that the prisoner wore a light wig and whiskers at the time.) Xr. 'BGn.;II deciddd on sending the case to a jury. The other prisoner, Attwell, ws shown to have changed .a 101.-note at Mr. Ch'amberlain's, licensed victualler, Cityroad. The number was 45967. Mr. ThomasFarthing, clerkto the Mesars. Ransoms, proved that the forged check for 871. 14s. was paid partly im 10!. notes, numbers 45967 to 45970. There was a second forged check for 711. 10s. pai by lllessrsRansosms partlyin.101. notes, 94096, 54165, 54166, -and 54167. WVilliam Golding, potman at the Prince of Wales Tavern, Hrmood-street, Camden-town, proved that the prisoner Aitwell obtainedcashfora-101. note, 54167, about amonth back. Edward Thomas Goddard, assistant to M1r. Cassell, of High-street, Strand, proved that he changed a 10!.-note, 4liflO, for the prisoner Attwell. John Hickman, of the Duke of Wellingt'on. Shacklewell, proved that he changed a 10!.-note, 4S9G9, for a man named T-ezspson, and that the prisoner Attwrell was with him at the tfime. Messrs. Mullens and Co. .were for the prosecution; Mtr. Lewis for the prisoners. The prisoners reserved their defence and were fully comnutted. As several otlher forgeries have occurred it is believea that the priEoners are miixed up with them. Wonsmm-STREEr.-The magistrate acknowledged his receit ofe the first half of a5SL-note, lettered and numbered ' J.W., 12708," from "B. E.," for the poorbos; and 3!. from a lady signing herself "31L Z. ," to be equally divided between twro p oor women named Lander and Hancock, whose husbands were committed for sLix montha some time since for brutal attacks upon them.- CL,ERa ENIVE-L.-nItilda Harley, 35, of No. 2, Dobney'scourt, near Pentonville-hill, was charged with stealing a gold watch of the value of 20!., the property of Mr. Thomas Bird, of 3, John's-place, Mfansfield-road, Dalston. The prosecutor, -who is a pianoforte maker, said, he was passing by the end of Dobney's-court last night, when the prisoner came up, spoke to him, snatched his watch fron him, and ran away. He gave information to the police, who were at once on the spot, and they found the prgsoner at 2, Dobney's-court, secreted at the end of the garden. A search was made, but the watch could not be found. Dobney's-court has several of the worst houses in it, and is a great nuisance to the neighbourhood. The prisoner was remanded until riday. SOUTMVARIU-Jolm Brown, a journeyman chainraker, was charged with stealing four 51. and two 10!. Bank of E ngland notes, from the person of Miss Julia Dutton, of Iaburnum-lodge, l'Vandsworth-common. The prosecutrix stated that on Saturday morning, the 12th inst.. she received the notes in question from a banker's and deposited them in her pocketbook, which she put in her dress-pocket. Having some otherbusiness to transact afterwards, she proceeded some distance, and after she got into her carriage she nissed herpocketbook and all the contents. She immediately gatinformetion to the police, and stopped the notes at the Bank. Sergeant Hewlett, 29 3I, said le ascertained that one of the 105.-notes had been changed by the prisoner on the same night that the lady lost them. He accordingly went to 21, Lambeth-terrace, Lambeth-road, where the prisoner was at work, and took him into custody. He admitted that he had changed the note for a man who formerly lodged with him (a bonepicker), and he received 10s for his Williamn 'Whale, the landlord of the Crown publichouse in LInt-street, said that, between 7 and S on Saturday even- ing, the 12th, he changed a 101. Bank of England note for the prsoner, and paid it into his bankers in the usual way. He wad k noa the prisoner sonie time as a customer, or he would not have changed it for him. Hewlett produced a circular from the Bank of England, showing that it was one of those the lady bad lost. Hannah Parker said, she lodged in the saine house with the prisoner in the Mint, and on Saturday evening the 12.h inst. she saw him and another man in the possession of a green pocketbook and two bank notes. 'One of them a 10!. note the other man requested her to get changed, but she refased, and tlhe prisoner took it away. liss Dutton here informed his worship that her pocketbook was a green one. The prisoner said, that he knew nothing about the notes further thaii one of his fellow-lodgers asked him to change the one in question. Mr. A'BEcKErsT told him the circumstances 'Were so suepicious against him that he should feel bound to remand Ihim until Monday next, which would enable the police to make further inquiries. THAatmS-Edward Jones, a youth about 19 years of age, was chaged with stealing 431. lOb., belonging to Mr. Jeff Henry Shores, outfitter, of No. 90, High-street, Poplar. j It apEueared in evidence that the prisoner had been in tthe em ploy of Mrs. Shores-as in-doorservant, for twomonths up to the 5th inst., anid Mx. Shoresceame.}iorne about 9 o'clock in the morning of that day, and was very much surprised to find the prisonerabsent. On makng inquiries, he ascertained the prisoner had been absent several hours, On: the following morning the female servant found her' master's cashabox in the prisoner's bedroom.: It. w as empty. Mr. Shores saw it on a drawer in his bedrooni':on, the previous 'afternoon, and it then contained a 10!. Bank.. of ogland pnte, 201. lOs. in gold, and another sum; :of 7! lOP. in gold and silver; the whole of 'the money had been stolen from the bo.l Nothing was heard of the prisoner again until Tuesday night, twhen .he accosted a police-constable namedJames Scheller, No. 54 1) in MIarylebone-lane, Oxford-street, and said, " If you will take me into custody Ishll have a lodging for the night." Scheller told the prisoner to procure a Iodging for himself - onuLich the prisoner said he had robbed his master, anm must be taken into custody. Scheller then arrested him, and onieaching the station-house found he answered the description of the person -who had absconded from Mr. Shore's outfitting warehouse in Poplar. The prisoner tcld the police-constab le that he had taken a 10I.-note and more from, his master and spent all the money at the Epsom Spring leeting races, where he had been unsuccessful in betting speculations 'with his master's money. The prisoner said heh d no defence to make. All that was alleged against him was true. He did take 431. lC46 from his employer's casihbox, and spent it all. Mr. SELr: committed the prisoner for trial. LNBIBETH.-2. Exniorr requested our reporter to aek-nowledge the receipt of 10s. in postage.stamps, from " C. F. A.," a sovereign from " IL F.," and a lostoffice order for 10s fromI "Eonal," Whitchurch, for Mrs. Wright, whose distressing case hasapoeared in 21e Times.
LATEST INTELLIGENCFE TEE EAST. (BY S1B13MARLNE AXD BRiTisH TELEGRArH.) We have received the following telegraphic deipatclh from our fanseilles correspondent:- " M-ARSEILLES, VEDSFsDAY, 12 45 P.ar. "The Euphrato has arrived with '-dvices frc,m Constaintinople of the 15th, and from the Crime.- of the 12th inst. -Nassim Boy, the bea.r of the 'ratification of the treaty of peace by tae Sultan, Us arrived, -" Dfapatches leave at i pm.' vWe have also receirol the :falobwing telegraphic despattk from our Vtoami acorserpondent "VIENNA, Ia5 1DSIYASV \ENaNG, APRIL 2& " Advices have bo4n reoivec1 here from Constaatinctle to the 17thOuf Anrii; *"{Zn the 15thtie nftifieai treaty was forwarded to P=ris. "' The Sultanuends a mpugnificent present in pearls tincd jewels to treen Nrictvria. -'3Meheme: -Ali or Mluschdi Pasha will go as ~.Iinister to',t. Peteusbrrg. " The French troqrs are. b,eginnin, to return home. " The blo,cae'd isiraised everywhere. C P±i'ae Callhwvhi has declined accEttim-g the post of1L.Minister-at Vienna. "I The Persian' tEiffereilce with the British M'inister isilhcely to' be-satisfactorfly setted"' <Wre have received the Afrn item- of yesterday. It mublishcs s'll Imperial decree ordering;a'further rediction ini tim French army. It also, plAblishes the following despatoh from Ge*nr'1E'spinaaSe to the Emperor, dated GonstantiSmple, 'A -l :- -I have-visited one half of our hospitals at Con-sriastinople. There are none betterikept in France. I questioned many hrAndred sick:; :they-nll speak in terms ef praise of the kind. treatment they receive. T-he rection is in firn and intelligent hiands. AR goes on well. Sickness is rapi&ly'on -the decrease. The adiministration is capable .of reieiiiun all the sick that remain in the Crimea;" -The-Monikur adds:- "-A11 the despatches received 'fromthe army in the' East agree in pointing out a'very-reat improve'ment in the health of the -zmy,;and it may be -hoped that the epidemic which duripg this long winter has committed ravages:among, our troops in -the Crimea and in our hospitalsiat Constantinople wall soon: entirely disappear. " Despite these reassirihg;accounts,'the Govern-ment has taken precautionan measures to avoid the .return of our Eoldiers to Frnneebeing a source of -apprehension to the population. WYith this object in viewv, camps have been established not far from Hyares, in isolated localities, such as the islands of Porquerolles, of St. Alarguerite, and Cavallaire. The troops will make .a -long or short sojourn, as the tease. may be, in these camps, and will net -enter France until it shall have been ascertained .beyond .a doubt that there are no germs of malady among i them. The men wvho may fall sick- will beireceived in the vast hospital establishments in the -Frioul Isles, in the Mlarseilles Roads, in the Toulon Lazaretto, and in the fine Imperial Naval -Hospital at St. Mandrier. W e k-now that -these 'measures, taken in the interest of the publie heiilth, have been gratefully welcomed. by the pqpulations of -the Bouches-du-Rhone and of the Var, 'where %very exaggerated fears had been entertained. " The camps of Porque.aslles and. Cavallaire have already received a first instalment. The De Failly Division, which is momentarily e;spected from Eupatoria, will land at _Porquerolles,'-where every-thing is prepared for its reception. .4" Arrivals from the East -will also take place, but on a smaller scale, at 'Cette .and,.dPort Vendres; att these two points measures have likewive been taken to provide for all eventualities:' THE DANUBIAN EP=1CIPAUITIE4S. The following is a translation of the Protocol drnwvn up at Constantinoile -on the :llth of Fe'bruary, 1856, in common eW the M,inisters of the Porte and the representati-.es of France, England, -and Austria. This document is addressed to Count WIalewski, to be submitted. by him to the Paris Conferences to serve as a groiundworkifor the coni-mittee appointed to consider the duture condition of the Danubian Principalities,- " Art. 1. The treaties concluded between the Sublime -orte. and Russia relative to Zoldavia and Wallachia ihaving ceasedl to be in force in-consequence of the war, the organized laws emanating therefrom are no longer the fundamental law of these two conntries. *'q U nder these circumstances t,e Tlorte confirms anew the privileges and immunities enjoyed heretofore by the said Trircipalities, under its suzerainly,.since the stipulations .granted to them by the Sultans 3ajazet L and Mah- suud: II. "-itv-w-shes to assure to them tLe -enjoyment in an equit.zhleand durable manner, by placing them completely in harmy with the advancement of the age, with the -wants and desires of al classes of the yopuiation, and with the -relatiQP. established by common zgreement with the Otto- 3am-nEmpire. " 2. 3.yallachia and Moldavia, th ierespective territories e- vhich fozu zan integral part of the Qttoman Empire, will each hz-ae, as heretofore, a separate -administration and independence under the suzerainty.of Eis imperial Majesty .the-Sulta-. The Hospodars will I;e named.for life from, the most distingnJshed families of the contry. Their rule will be supported by institutions of a nature to maintain .good ordea in the Principalities, and to place the welfare of all classes -en. a suitable footing. " 3. The .Principalities shall be independent of any 'foreign protectorate, and in their zelations .with foreign Powers they-Will be only represeated by. the Sublime Porte. -"4. The trerties concluded by the Sublime-?orte will be -valid, for the PzizHpalities. * -'i2. .The Principalities will be in cirect communication -withcthe inperiel Government through iKapo.zKiayas, or -ageats, anominated by the Hospodars, revocable .-at their will .andaaoapted-by the-aublime Porte. '¶6B. Wallachin aLl Moldavia shall eachjpay,aanually to -the.I.manrial Government a fixed tribute.of jtust.and mode. -rate,progpartions. .Or.the other hand, they-shall not be subjected to-any other.-harge of whatsoemrdescrinaton nor -cominelklo 'o make -ayments in kind either by-reoulsition -or forceq,drrchase. . 7. Tbe rincipaliti.ez will have the right to m;intain zach,forceas they may deem requisite for,police and to -ZsUe the Qrz;ntenanceof ,pablic order. They . ,x by Wrceiemnt l' the Si;i;b.e Porte the nmaber .ef their 'rocps; and-tb.nuamber, =-ce fixed, cannot t;e angnRented i%Vithout a nu-r agreement. No person, mawover, .s all have a.right-to oepose the e7-ention of defensive nmesa_res whicT-the &Subliue.Porte and ¢ihe Principalitiee .may.ccan it zdvimble to adc.t for the crommon safety qf t-he.empire. ".S. Koldaviat ind Wallachim vessels will continue to na.vigate freely undam the priiiagd fag granted tcdllenr2by t,he Ni;@nblie Porte. 9" 9. jais=se -of order being distacbed it belongs IDo the Porte:alonze toxe-tstatl4h it; but it. will not .have asrourse to armned intsrvention.ujstil having cove to an mu xdeetardin,_ on the sublect wvith the kigh contract Z Powers- s tc the means and dur--ion of zu,h interventic: " 10. PNo fortress shall be constructed ox the righf, b2agksf the Danube, nor on any point-of the Moldo-RWalachi'antmit- tory, without a previous understanding on the subje.It witth the suzerain Power. All questions relating to such for. rses in time of peace shall also be settled by free and com mou consent. The Sublime Porte, in time of peace, may garn'sIiz such of those fortresses as may have been erected at ,te exducive expense. "1IL If the establishment of a permanent system of quarantinebetweenthe two banks of the Danube should,contrary to all expectation, be deenmned necessary in future, tho BoPrd of Health for Moldavia and Wallachia would only cmnate m-om the Government of the Principalities The' principleu',of every quarantine before being carried out shall be discussed with the Sublime Porte. "12. Conformably to privileges granted ab antiquo to hxoldaviaandtoWallachia, His Majesty the Sultan recognizes aid p otects the independence and the internal administragon af the Principalities, and the Sublime Porte is resolved .to AJ4bO (mm all interference, under any form whatso. eier, -~4 x acts of the interLal government, unless they he ma=iff -ojisrary to the present act and to the funda- mental statute, WMfhe will be the complement thereof, or ,lb in gemea. Ipq l treM conclude&4 wh foreign Powers, an5 on the legitimate interests emanating there. from. " 13. AR religious confessions shall enjoy equal liberty and pcotection in the two Principalities. " 14. No individual nor corporation can be deprived of P'.operty for any reason whatsoever without a just indemseity, decided by a mixed commission, giving every desirable guarantee to the parties concerned. " 15. Strangers are allowed to possess landcd property in I Walachia and Moldavia on the same ter-ms as the natives, and by submitting to the laws. " 16. All Neldavians and Wallachians without exceptioA ae eligible far public offices. "' 17. The relations between landlcore and peasant sha bee regulatbed on an equitable footing and made as mutal as possiblo. Corvees and cases of personal'serfdom which may stillosdst, under whatsoever deno.mination, are to be declared redeemable by purchase by a special law to be resiidered and put in practice within one year at latest, so that they may entirely cease at no very distant period. "1. AR classes of the population without distinction of birth or faith shaU enjoy ciriil rights, especially the right 'of property under every form; but the exercise of political eights shall not bo granted to natives placed under foreign protection. " 19. landed property hiall be liable to taxation like any other, but the capitation tax shall be abolished. "20. All trades shall be free, and monopolies of every description in town or ountry radically suppressed. " 21. The Hospodars shall be elective for life. The Porte shall never revolke their appointment, except in cases of high treason proved judicially in a forns to be determined. "22. The candidate chose'n from a list of three names selected according to fxed regulations, and approved by His Majesty the Sultan, shall be Hospodar. " 23. As soon as the essential bases of the new organization of the Principalities shall have been laid the election of the new Hospodars will take place. Till then the two Principalities shall be administered each by a provisi'onal or Kai_ malkanian Governient, for the formation of which the Sublime Porte will consult the highcontracting parties. The Provisional Government enjoying the authority attributed to the Hospodars will proceed, with the shortest delay possible, and in presence of an Ottoman commissary, to the new respective organization of the two Principalities. " 24. The civil list of the Hospodar shall be fixed once for all when he assumes office. "25. They shall have the right to appoint and dismiss their Ministers. They shall have the armed force at their disposal, conformable to the laws; they will cause an annual budget to be returned, and also an account of the expenses of the Legislature ; they will see the laws carried out, and have the rightto grant pardons. They will convoke and close the legislative sessions according to tne form prescribed by law; their initiative and the manner of their sanction shall be regulated by a law. " 26. The Legislatutre shaU be so constituted as to be in. dependent in its composition, and in its ensenz1,te to shield the interests of all classes of the population, to satisfy their legitimate wishes, and to control efficaciously the acts of the Government. It will also vote all the laws relative to the organization of the army, to the amlinistration properly so called, to that of finance, justice, public instruction, property of the State and monasteries, apxd also relative to great concessions of public works. The bills voted by the Legislature and promulgated by the Hospodars being of general application for the natives shall be also binding on the other inhabitants of the Ottoman empire established, or who may estabolish themselves in the Principalities, or who possess landed property there. "27. The judicial power shal be independent of the executive power, and shall provide aU requisite guarantees- " 28. Whatever may be the definitive form of the Legislature, it will comprise a Senate consisting of all the leading men of the country. "29. As the constituent leDislation of tl.e two Principalities is to be uniform, a comuiission half Moldavian, half Wallachian, designated by the Kaimakans, with the consent of the Ottoman commissary, shaU proceed forthwith to Constantinople to substitute for the organic regulations not only the new combinations rendered necessary by the preceding articles, but all those of which experience shall have shown the utility, especially as regards the organization of the legislative power. ".30. The laboursof the Commission shall be submitted to the Sublime Porte, and communicated by it to the high contraeting parties. They will receive the solemn approbation of His Majesty the Sultan, and be published in his name at Bucharest and at Jassy within three months' time.
NA VAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGEBACB. A new screw steam 4-gun vessel, called the Reynard, was launched yesterday morning at Messrs. Mare's building establishment, and taken to Messrs. Fletcher's, to receive her engines, of 200-horse power, after which she wvill be equipped and fitted out in Woolwich dockyard. Thefloatingbattery Thunderbolt, launchedatMr.Samuda's, Blackwall, is expected at Woolwich to-day, and will be immediately placed under the hands of the shipwrgigts, to be equipped for service. The iron paddlewheel steamer Antelope, and the steamsloop Airdent, in the inner basin at Woolwich, vwereyesterday dismasted, in process of carrying out the necessary repairs, required on an extensive scale. Although it is understood to be the intention of Government to despatch seven regiments of the line from the East to Canada, the order is said not to be compulsory on individual regiments, but that battalions for such destination are to be composed of volunteers from the whole army. The aggregate strength of the regiments so formed will be about 10,000 strong. With regard to the shipping of ammunition from Woolwich for Canada, the war authorities have decided that, as a very large quantity now stored in the Crimea wiU have to be removed, the most expedient plan vill be to convey it thence bv means of line-of-battle ships intended to transport the troops; consequently, the department at Woolwich Arsenal has received orders to discontinue the preparing and casing any powder and ammunition there for transmission to Canada, as directed a short time back, the order having been rescinded. The following appointments have been made at the Admiralty :-Edward W. Lang to be Flag Lieutenant to the Black Eagle, to the Board of Admiralty; the Rev. John L. Moore to be Chaplain to the Retribution ; Charles B. Lamb and James Mitchell to be Assistant-Surgeons to the Calcutta. Orders were unexpectedly received on Tuesday for all the troops in garrison in Plymouth to assemble on the Hoe yesterday, at 11 o'clock, to receive Major-General Eden, Commnander of the Forces in the Western District, and to be paraded in contiguous columns at quarter distances, in review order, the troops to be commanded by Colonel Henry Pester, of the Royal Artillery. They consist of about 5,000 men-niz., Royal Artillery, Colonel Pester, from Devonport, and Drake's Island; Devon Militia ArtiUlery, Ma1orW. lHole, from Devonport; Royal Alarines, Light Infantry, Colonel-Commandant Childs, from Stonehouse; Depot of the 94th Regiment, M1ajor Henry George Balier, from Devonport; South Devon Militia, Major Sir Henry Seale, Plymouth Citadel; Royal Limerick Militia Colonel Sir Richard D. De Burgo, from Devonport; the Ist RWarwickshire M1ilitia, Major Charles Wise, Plymouth Citadel; 3d Gennan Jbger Corps, Colonel Henry 0. Bowles, from Maker Heights and Bovisand ; and the depot of the 62th Regiment, under Colonel George Maxwell, from Devonport. Some,engineering experiments of a novel and interesting descritiion took place at the practising ground attached to the PAyal Engineers' Establishment, Bronpton Barracks, on Monday Oght, commencing at about 12o'6elock, and terminating shortly before 3 o'clock on Tuesday morning. A large usnber of men belonging to the corps of 9loyal Sappers sad Miners were engaged ivhis nht attack, the object Colenel Saudhlam, director of the Royal Engineers' Establishmert,had in view being that of caxrying out a plan by which fraeqent sorties from a besie.-'ed town upon the besiegers maylSturnedagninstthe attac'ing party. The frequent sorties made by the Russians upon the trenches before Sebastopol hs;e presented to the heads of the-engineerino departmentimpo-tant reasons for practising the troops in experiments in order.that the enemy may be thrown mto confusion, and advantage taken of the failure of the attack. The wlhole of the eiFeriments on Mondaynightweremconsidered to be perfectly sati,actory; and, notwithstaeLdingthelateness of .the hour, were -maitessed by a considerable number of specitators. Some other.engineering experiments upon an exten-ve scale and of ainovel and interesting nature are expected -'P be undertaken kv the Royal Sappers and Miners, at St. «Rary's-creek, in the,course of next week.
,UE1BURN HOpjUtA.-The correspo-nd1ce be*t.N@P-w the Lord BiLhoD of Durham and the Charity Commisnaoners respecting a !scheme for the improvement of :Slzrmn Hospital hnasix been printed. The subject was p1irst ibrought before the commissioners in *January, IS54, on elhe, dei of Mr. Faber, the master of the hospital. The ,i'ihop, an whom the nomisoadson to that office is vested, was xad4ressea.by the commisnizera, and consented to defier the gwjintnp4.t until after due inquiry had been inade. . {Celbngy, 1854, Mr. Isare, an inspector, was sent dow;a to ,4Ae this inquiry, ana4 the commissioners after vo"dmang ;t7o subject, prepaced a scheme widely dfff,)reut f;som*tlwt which had previo.my e.xisted. The master haz tihi to bean a clergyman; it woag now (and not unreason E&yg) ¢oiosee that he should be a physician or surgeon, andinteadof I,he lenersthere were to be 50 inmates, suffering f;°la dirorjie infirmities. The bisbo however, after repeatedlj sWsizg -tQt he had no persona: interest in the appointmen of t Me master, strongly objected to the proposal to bsu7titW(e a medical man for a clergyman. His 1o0.dship *:o urged that, instead of giving 3,000l. out of the fund; of the hospital to the DarhamsInfirmary, it would be preferable to erectz church near the hospital, ol' wvhich the master might be the inceumbent. The comislissiomsers, however, resolutely adhey?d to their original scheme .vith regayd tothe master and ths contribution to the infir,'zary, but rgade sundry alterationss of minori-mq el in a xccodndi Vth ie biso's guggegtion%
THE EDUCATION GRATS. TO THIE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I am too grateful for the indulgence, w1iuh you granted me recently to be disposed to tresl*ms upon you a second fime without ample cause. But I ask permission to lay before you facts some of which araolnmost entirely new to the public, and all of which possess interest for every taipayer. If members of the House of Commons will honour me with their attention, they will find matter - worthy.of their considerationbefore they vote the remainder of the education grant. The House has decided by a triumphant majority against those grand projects of State education which woald have speedily transformed the English system into that of Prussia and Austria. Bnutthere is a dangerlest,inthe satisfaction of this victory, they should allow to pass unnoticed pro ceedings of the Committee of Council on Education scarcely less menacing either to the public purse or to the independ - ence of our schools. It has been the fashion-I may almost say he passionof late years for both sides of the House tourge onthe Committee of Council to a larger and larger expenditure; and, as there is something very charming in voting away iiberally 'money that is not one's own, the committee have responded to these invitations with extreme alacrity. The following list of the yearly grants in aid of popular education will show how insidiously the systembegan, bu' at how rapid a rate we have of late years been descending the irrevocable road.* Grants in aid of popular education in Great Britain. Years. Annual Grant. 1833 to 3S ... ... . 20,000 1839 to 1841 ... ... ... .. 30,000 1842 to 1844 ... ... ... ... 40,00 1845 ... ... ... ... ... 75,000 1S46 to 1847 ... ... ... 100,000 1848 to 1850 ... ... ... 125,000 1851 to 1852 ... ... .. 1 .. 50,000 1853 ... ... ... .. ... 260,000 1854 ... ... ... . 326,436 1855. 396,921 1856 ... ... ... .. ... 451,213 proposed. Thus since 1852 the grants have bcen incrdased three. fold, and since 1847 four-and-a-half fold. It surely behoves the House of Commons and the public to look at the manner in which this grant is advancing; and it is the especial object of this letter to point out one item in the estimates, the latest, the moat threatening, and the most wanton of the whole-I mean the capitation grants. It is worth while tb explain the manner in which the capitation grants were introduced, because it illustrates the fatal facility with which the House of Commons -so often allows a department of the Executive to expend the public money. In April, 1853, Lord John Russell explained tothe House one of those great educational projects with which he has so often tormented the country. The main substance of the measure was embodied in a "Bill for the Promotion of Education in Cities and Boroughs in England ;" and to that measure the public attention was almos' exclusively confined. But in his long speech Lord John snade the following allusion to a system of capitation grants:- " We propose by a minute sshich has been some time under consideration, but which is not yet fully matured, to allow in certain instances, to places which have not municipal corporations, a certain sum per head for each child attending the school. It will be necessary, however, to confine any such grants to those schools where the scloolmaster has obtained a certificate of ability. That minute, when its provisions shall have been fully matured, will be laid upon the table, and the House, before coming to any vote upon it, will have ample opportunity afforded for duly considering it." This was the only notice ever taken of that minute iii Parliament. The " ample opportunity for duly considering", it, promised by Lord John Russell, was never afforded. Strong objections being made to the Borough Education Bill, it was postponed time after time, and ultimately allowed to drop. My attention being closely directed to the matter, I urged upon Lord John, in Downing-street, at an inter-iew which ho gave to a deputation, that the minute for capitation grants, having been introduced swith so slight a notice as a mere pendant to a much larger measure, should not be brought into operation till it had been discussed in Parliament. At an interview of another deputation with Lord Granville the Rev. J. H. Hinton expressed a hope that, if the biU was postponed, the operation of the minute would be also delayed; to which his Lordship replied that " he thought that would probably be the case." When the education grant for the year was voted, not one word was said on the subject. It washurried through, among a crowd of miscellaneous estimates, on an evening when it was not expected to come on. I explained tne facts publicly, and also addressed a private letter to Lord John Russell, appealing to his honour not to let the minute cosne into effect without a Parliamentary discussion. To thatletter I received no reply; the session closed; and in November it was announced that the minute concerning the capitation grant was to come into operation on the 1st of January, 1854. Such is the manner in which Lord John. Russell brought into operation a minute of immense importance, applying a perfectly new principle to the schools of one-half the country. I have always thought it very sharp practice, and quite atvariance with the principles of the constitution. But it shows what the Committee of Councilimay and will do if the House of Commons does not vigilantly watch that anomalous body. By a brief minute, silently laid on the table of the house, immediately lost among the mass of Parliamentary papers, and never discussed for a single moment, it was resolved by the Cosnmittee of Council to make grants averaging 4s. Gd. per scholar to the schools in rural districts and small unincorporated towvns. This year, without even the ceremony of a minute of Council, so far as I know, Government propose to e xtend the capitation grants to the schools of the other half of the population of Great Britain. In the Notes exfplanatory of the Estim7ec for Public Edtucation, Gm-eat Britair, the following intimation is vouchsafed:- ITie capitation grants, averaging 4s. Cd. per annum upon each child who hias attended school for 176 days during the year preceding inspection, have -been paid in schools throughout the rural districts, and in the smaller unincorporated towns, since the 1st of January, 1854. The amount paid in 1854 was 5,9571. on 22,801 children, being 33 per cent, of the children attending the same schools; in 1855 the amount paid was 10,125l. on 36,929 children, being 36 per cent. of the children attendingthe same schools. " The capitation grants are now to be extnded to those parts of the country hitherto excluded from them, and the increased estimate is framed on the calculation that the expenditure wvould have risen to 15,000l. under the existing regulations; that the amount of the population hitherto excluded is almost exactly equal to that which has hitherto enjoyed the grants; and, lastly, that the attendance at school in towns is much less liable to interruption than in the country, so that the proportion of children on whom the grant is alRowed snay be expected to be greater." I can find no minute on this subject in the " Minutes of the Committee of Council of Education, 1855-0," nor have I received one among my Parliamentary papers. As capitation grants were created for the schools of 10,000,000 people by the brief unnoticed minute of April, 1853, they are to be extended to the schools of the remaining 10,000,000 by an explanatory note at the back of the estimate! Such is the way in which the Committee of Council do businesS and dispose of the public money. Will the House of Com. mons and the taxpayers sanction it? The capitation grants were,- In 1854 ... - .. ... ... £5,957 In 1855 . ... ... 10,125 In 1856 ... ... ... ... 40,000 proposed. At this rate we shall soon reach hundreds of thousands, and especially as the conditions on which the grants are made are in course of relaxation. At first it was required that a child should have attended 192 days in the year; now. the requirement is only 176 days; and Mr. Alcock has given notice of a motion to reduce it to 160days. This very liberal gentleman also proposes that the rate of the capitation grants shall be doubled. It is important to inquire what charge the capitation grants may ultimately bring uponthe public. The terms of the minute of April 2, 1853, are "Eesolved,-Thaa any school now admissible, or which shall hereafter be admitted, to grants under the minutes of August and December, 1846, may receive a grant towards the expenses of the preceding year, at the rate per scholar set forth in time following table"- (The average is 4s. Gd. a-year per scholar.) As this system is now extended to the entire country, there is not a public school in England or Scotland which .snay not shortly claim capitation grants. The number of mhools and scholars in public schools alone is as follow::- schools. ScholarS. In England and Wales . 15,518 1,422,982 jln Scotland 3,349 280,045 Total l ... 18,S7 1,703,027 At a s average of 4s . 6d. per head, these 1,703,027 scholarg ( if all chargeable, as they may become) would ,Cost the public Exchequer 3,1g01. a-year for capitation xaoney aloae,.- If Mr. Alcockes proposition to double the rate of grant lshould he adopted, they would cost 766,3606. &-year. I It may be said that these grants, though offered with inCrediNe, thoughtless6ess to all schools alike, the richest a -III as tbe poorest, Will PracticallY be limited by the con ditions atkached to them. But I have shown how one of .' Time ease 'ith which "vested interests mab created, andl thhe difficulty of getting ri d of them, m ay be well likened to another descent and attempted return . "facilis dcen sus Averni; - Noctes atque dies patet at ri janna Dit is; *Sed revocare gradut -ytp e a d ad aua ."Mo;e opus, h labor eI tua 'those restrictions has already been relaxed-nameiy, that requiring a certain number of days' attendance. I believe another restriction, requiring that the teachers of the schools shall " hold a crtificate of merit," is -also reaxed by the minute, at page 13 of the " Minutes of the Committee of Council for 1S54-5," admitting of. the registrationi of teachers. And it is'obvious that not only liberality butcommbon fairness will ultimately bring all schools into the' receipt of capitation grants which honestly.attempt to edhcate the population; and the greater their disadvantages, the better will'be their claim to this aid. I believe these capitation grants will not hive the effect of bringing a single additional child under education. The schools are already in exdstence, and the scholars already in attendance. True, some schools have difficulty in keeping up their subscriptions. 'And is it not so with all chari-- ties, with aU businesses, with aU'professions? Isnot human life itself a constant straggle with difficulty? Is Parliament, therefore, to take every family into its -charge, and make capitation grants in aid of food, of clothing, of lodging, and all the other necessities of life? If not, why should it make capitation grants for education? The principle is utterly vicious; it is the'socialistio principle. To act upon it would cut the sinews of industry, energy, and self-reliance, andmnake the nation into a parcel of children in leading-strings. Thecapitation grants have arisen outof the puerile complaints of the inspectors-a race whose invariable characteristic it is to be demanding more mnoney - andmore power. Like the horseleach, they are ever cryine, " Give, give !" But have we not the great fact before our eyes that, in spite of all difficulties, thousands uponi thousands of' schools have been created, notwithstanding the arduousness of breaking up the hitherto dry and barren soil, and that from decade to decade they not only continue, but vastly increase? In England and Wales, in the year I818, we had 19,230 schools; and in 1851 we had 46,042; at the former period the number of unendowed public schools was only 861, and at the latter period it was 12,286. Number of Unendowed Public Schools. IlSiS ... ... ... ... ... 861 In 1851 ... ... ... ... ... 12,286 Then, what foUy, what wanton waste of the public money, to be introducing capitation grants, as though our schools were in a state of helpless decrepitude. The real and only effect of these capitation grants will e either to relieve the voluntary contributors from the exercise of that benevolence which blesses the giver as much as the receiver, or to relieve the working classes from the necessity of making an effort to pay for their children' schooling; and to cast the burden upon public taxation. Either of these effects would be a social calamity. I offer a single ilustration: I know a member of Parliament who contributed liberaUy to a public school, but wvho urged the committee to take a Government grant, alleging that it would enable him to reduce his subscription. They refused, amd he withdrew his subscription altogether. Such is the worling of Government grants for education. Where they exist, voluntary liberality declines or dies, and the schools are forced tol take the public money; or if they do not take it, their difficulties are criuelly aggravated. Thus the system starves the virtues of the community; and thus it is every year bringing the schools rapidly into dependence upon the Government. But, Sir, the capitation grants are only one branch of the expenditure of the Committee of Council on Education. This year the amount demanded from Parliament is 451,2131., exclusive of 64,6751,, under the head of "science 'and art." lVe may form some judgment of the dimensions to which the estimate for public education anay ultimately i swell. It appears from the tables in the " Minutes of the Committee of Council for 1855-@6 (page 51), that the I average attendance of children in inspected schools in Great Britain was last year 537,5S3. Every year i the numiber of schools brought under inspection increases, as well it may. seeing the sums of money granted by. the Committee of Council; and the aim is to bring the whole of the public schools under the committee. Now, what is the public paying yearly per scholar, for those- already under inspection? Last year (1855) the aggregate expenditure was 396,9211. for 537,5S3 scholars in average attendance, being at the rate of 14s. 9d. Iper scholar. Apply the same rate of expenditure to the 1,703,027 scholars in public schools in Great Britain,, and I the cost to the Exchequer would be 1,255,9811, Then add | the amount which may possibly be given in capitatibn grants, as shown above, namely, 383,1801., and we obtain an aggegate possible, expenditure, at the present rate, of 1,639,1611. a-year. But this is not all. The Committee of Council are steadily increasing the ratio of their expenditure to' the number of scholars, as wil appear from the following anus, In ave years tfle expenditure has increased from |ls. 1d. tol4s. 9d. perseholar; and allthe tendencyistowards continued increase of expenditure. It seems possible, there, fore, that the annual cost to the public may ere long amount to nearly 2,000,000. Of course this is on the supposition that all the schools are brought under inspection, which might not be the case. But the effect of the system is more and moro to force schools to surrender their independence for Government money. It may be admitted that at first this large expenditure may have the effect of improving the appliances of education, and eveh the character of the teaching in many schools. But experience in all other departmenfs under official management would lead to the belief that, in the long run, Governmental schools wfil combine the uarriswunz of costwith the vzinina zut of efficiency. Nor is there any reason to suppose that this enormous public expenditure will in any degree increase the number of scholars under instruction. In all probability, the schools would contain as many scholars if not a sixpence were granted by Parliament. I invite attention to one other point, which is not only important in itself, but which ilhlstrates the general working of a Governmental system. The Committee of Council nake grants of schoolbooks and maps at reduced prices; and this seems a useful exercise of liberality; but when we look a little nearer, wre shall see it to be attended with very serious evils. The committee make themselves booksellers on an enormous scale, and undersell aU other bookseLers. They not only supply books at prices below those at which they could be bought from the bookseller, but, in addition, they make grants towards the purchase of books, at the rate of Sd. ap)d 10d. per scholar; which of course is a further inducement to schools to order their books through the Committee of CounciL It will be naturally supposed that the committee at least take pains to offer the best schoolbooks which are to be had. But what is the fact? It is no less than eight years since the present list of schoolbooks was formed; and it has not ! been revised since the year 1848, although dtuing that time perhaps hundreds of new school books have been published, I many of them of great value. The list is now in course o; revision by the inspectors, but it is obvious that those gentlemen have the opportunity of excluding any books which theymayon anyaccount dislike, either from political oreven personal motives; and it is known that several of the inspectors are themselves authors, and as such have a powerful interest in placing their own books on the list, and exeluding such as might come in competition with them. A very considerable proportion of the schoolbooks granted by the Committee of Council are those of the Irish Board of Education, printed at the public cost, and thus brought into unfair competition with authors and publishers. The tendency of all this arrangement is to discourage one of the most important departments of literature, to interfere with one of the most valuable branches of trade, and to keep the schools in arrear of improvement. By destroying freedom, it inevitably represses excellence. Fnrther, the Committee of Council is yearly swellingfthe number of persons who are dependent upon the Government for their bread. The number of inspectors is now 41, four having becn added last year; the number of clerks and others in the establishment in Downing-street is 52, making an agregate of 93 persons in the immediate employment of the Committee,receiving 43,3371. a-year (including travelling expenses.) Besides these, the Government has in its pay nearly 7,000schoobnasters andschoolmistresses, 8,465 pupil teachers, and numerous Qneen's scholars, students in normal schools, professors, &c. Already about 16,0O0 persons are receiving an important part of their income from the Coimmittee of Council; and every one of them would be liable to lose that ncome (not a part, but the whole) on the report of a Government inspector. Every year the number of dependants 5s rapidly increasing. Does not, this give to the central; iGovernment an amount, of influence, spread over the country, which is capablebof very great abuse ? I know that n some cases the parents of pupil teachers have been induced to abandon their former political opinions, underthe . apprehension that to vote against the Government would endanger their children's situations. Finally, Sir, it is obvious that every grant to schools inder inspection is a positive injury to the schools which are not under inspection, by subjecting them to. a competition which jh at a1. times unfair, and which must in the end cecom6 crashing. N1any church schools are not put under Fnjpcoti6b, because the tonmitteec dg lot chooec,t&gms; promise their independence; and large bodies of Dissenters -the Independents, the Baptists, and all the minor sects of Methodists-refuse to3ceept Government money, because it is one of their religious doctrines that if is wrongto receive either Government money or Government control in religious teaching. But it is difficult to see hor they can long compete with schools w3iich, as we have seen, recive 4s. 6d. per scholar in capitation money, and a large part of tSel14s. 9d per scholar otherwise expended by the Conmittee of CounciL Here is an aggregate of 19s. 3d. per scholar ezpended by the Government on a certain set of schools. I it not- an extreme hardship to the religious bodies -which cannot conscientiously receive the grants, that they are compelled to pay towards the endowment of schools which are destroying their own schools ? Thus, Sir, the whole system is essentially unjust and unfair. It is a gigantic interference with the freedomand independenceof education, and, likeallotberinterferences with freedom, it must operate to produce injustice, extravagance, and ultimate inferiority and stagnation. EDWARD BAiNES. Leeds, April 23.
F-ARFUL SUFFERINGS OF A SHIPS CREW. By the arrival of the ship Mercury at Torbay we have received the following report of the loss, and subsequent painiul suffferings of the crew, of the bark Blake of Liverpool:- " The British bark Blake, Captain Edward Rudolf, sailed from Ship Island harbou?, Mississippi, witha cargo of pitch pine deals, bound to Cork for orders. She sailed on the bth of February, with a fine, fair wind and good weather, and was in goed trita and fine order, and -with every hope of making a good and prosperous' passage. The weather continued fine, and she made nice progress on her way, sighting Bermuda on the 18th day after leaving port, the 'ship tight and in fine order. On the 4th day of -March the weather began to change; commenced with rainy, squally weather. 5th.-Ithauled toS.W., blowing a strong gale and a heavy sea running. Finding the ship rakiniig a little water, the pumps were attended to svery watch. 6th and 7th.-The gale increasing, aid sea running very high and crossed; wind blowing from N.W. to W.N.W., causing the ship to labour heavily, and kept one pumn con: stantly going, the ship raunning underdouble-reefedjmain and close-reefed foietopsails and foresail. - 8th and 9th.- Gale stiLl continuing, and veering more to northward, with very heavy squalls and a tremendous cross sea, causing her to labour, and straining her awfuUy. Both pumps were kept constantly at work, 'ship runnin" under close-reefed naintopsail and reefed foresail.~L Tried to forereach her under the two close-reefed topsails, but, not succeeding, were ultimately obliged to run her; -found the ship making wrater fast and it 'gaining upon us, there being 3feet water in the hold. 10th andllth-Galestillcontinuing, and squalls more violent, attended with hail and snowv, and very cold; the -water gaining rapidly on the pumps, there being mnie feet of water in the hold. 12th.- Blowing a terrific gale from W.N.W., with'a very 'heavy sea running, 13 feet of water in the hold, and nien worn out, having been at the purups constantly for three days and nights, without sleeping or rest of any sort. The water was rising fast, the ship getting heavy and difficult to steer. At ( p.m. she broached to and shipped a heavy sea, which carried away the man at the wheel the binnacle, skylights, life and jolly boats, and all the bulwarks. Took the foresail in and rdunded her to under a close-reefed maintopsail, wlhen the sheet parted, and the sail. blew away. She lay very broad to the sea, which made a clean breach over her, carrying away the spars on deck, watercasks, gaUley, long, boat, topgallant forecastle, and breaking in the poon, wVhich washed away the cabin, and everything off deck. Got the' main trysail set, and tried to get forward to cut away the foremast, but found it impossible for a soul to get there. The ship was now Iying water-logged, it blowing a terrific gale, with very violent Saallas, and the sea maling a clean breach over her, all hand clinging to tho weather riggimg andin the maintop, everything being washed aw2y from the maindeck. 13th.-Blowing a terrific hurricane, with heavy squalls of hail, sleet, and snow, from 1l.W., and fearfully cold. At 11 a.m. were struck with a terrific squall and a tremendous sea at the same time, which capsized the ship, washing away seven men, poop deck, and bursting up the main deck, washed off all the hatches, andcarrying off every morsel of provisions there was on board the ship. The ship lay in this state about two hours, while the hurricane blew, the remainder of the crew nearly perishing with the piercing cold,when she carried away all the three lo'wer masts at the heads and bowspritat the stem, and slowly righted. Having a list, it formed a little shelter fromithe cold under the weather-poop bulwarks aft, where we were obliged to hold on and make ourselves fast, to prevent being washed away by the sea that was constaritly breaking ovcr us. In this sad and miserab1e position we were obliged to remauin until the 18th, the gale still continuing and the sea brealing overus (lat. about 4315 N., long. 38 30 W.), and unable to mnove from our position for fear of being washed away; being five days without a morsel of food or a drink - of water, without rest, and constantly drenched by the sea. 19th.-Gale and sea more moderate; at the risk of our lives weattempted to get forvard for water, and succeeded; but spoiled this cask of water in the attempt. This day one of the seamen died from cold, hunger, and fatigue; we put him overboard. In the afternoon the gale began to moderate; got some pieces of canvass to lie upon, and all huddled togetherina heap tokeep ourselves warm. 20th.- This being the seventh day without anvthing to eat, I caught a half-drowned rat, which I immediately cut up and shared out to each one; it was a delicious morseL The weather was still very rough and cold. 21st.-The ei'hth day; we were able to get forward and get a small ca&i of water from the hold, and rolled it aft, and lashed it to the seauncheon, this being the only thing we had, to depend upon. Ninth Day.-N\o sail could yetbe discerned upon the horizon, all eyes being daily and nightly stretched to catch a glimpse of some friendly sail. Hunger now began to tell heavily upon us all, aud its ravages were plainly discerned. Tenth D)ay.-What a joyous sound was heard this morning, as the watch, atdaylight, cried, 'Sail, ho!.' and two vessels were seen, and every heart leaped with joy, but only to meet a heavier disappointment. The two vessels passed, one to windward and the other to leewvard, without taking any notice of us. Oh, this disappobininent was heartbreaking with starvation staring us in the face, and the cries aid-the moans of the men around me, calling on their God to help them; with their glaring eyes and emaciated forms looking so pitifully towards me, as if I could assist them. The scene was awful and horrible, and cannot be described by pen; and in my situation } had to hold up against everything to sustain them, that they might not give way to it. Many times I had to set my heart as hard as iron, to bear upagainst their cries and appeals to me as to what they should do, when I could have lain down and given way to grief and sorrow far deeper than themselves. To see those men, once so strong and robust, and now nothing better than moving skeletons ! To hear them smacklng their lips and dreaming of being at some friendly tableeating and enjoying themselves, as they wvould fall off into some of their dozing sleeps from fatigue, only to be awakened 'by the wash of a sea to behold their deplorable fate; then their cries and moans would be heartrending. They by this time began to get Iflighty, from weakness, and sores were breaking out all over us, from beinz constantly wet with salt water. In this way we continued until the 13th day, when we saw another vesl pass and take no notice of us. The wailing and moaning upon this day are too awful to be described. Thirteen days without a morsel of food of any kind to put to our lips ! Another seaman died this day of starvation. We did not put him overboard, but reserved his corpse for our own use, and in this state we ]ingered for four days more, living off the body of our dead companicn; but I must say very sparingly indeed, for the thoughts of it were almost as bad as death itself. Through these four awful days I do not see how we ever lived, not having a dry place to lie, and the sea continually washing over us ; and as some of us would drop off in our dozing state, dreaming of feasting, and be awakened in a few minutes by the wash of a sea, -then, coining to a sense of their situation, and the dead body of their comrade swinging in the pale moonlight, the cries and moans of the men were appalling. On Saturday, the 29th of March, we bore the heaviest and greatest disappointment,-a large ship passing us about two miles to windward, and not seeing us, it being too early in the morning. This was the 17th day since we capsized, and had nothing to eat but the dead body of our comrade, none of us hardly able to move from weakness afnd fatigue, and all our hopes gone. I laid myself down when the ship passed us, shut my eyes, and gave up all hopes of ever seeing land again, and was about resiguing my'self to my fate, when, about two hours after, I hear crices of joy from all of 'Sail, ho !- sail, ho-1' repeated in such a strain as will never be erased from my memory while on this earth. She proved to be the schooner Pigeon, Cap tain WV. S. Knight, of St. John's, Newfoundland. It blowving a strong gale from W.S.W. at the time, and a good sea -on, they had some dificulty in removing us from the wreck, owing to ~our wreak, miserable state. Our clothes, on being taken off, were completely rotten, being so long wet. We could pick them all off by pieces. " The following is a list of the crew:- " Survivors.-Wymne Dugan, mate, of Swansea; James Cosgrove, second mate, of Liverpool; John George Rudolf, third mate, of Halifax; John Petersen, seaman, of Trieste - Joseph Barber, seaman, of Genoa ; John Kieren, seaman, of Germany; and Wiliam Thomas, cook, of Halifax, " Washed Overboard.-John Philhips, carpcnter, of Dundee; Thomas Leach, seaman, of Dublin; ienry Eccleston, seaman, of New York; Joseph Thompson, seaman, of New York; John Crimmons, seaman, of New York- Williain Brown, seaman, of New York; Charles Beck, seaman, of Baltimore; Jonathan Roberts, steward, of LiverpooL. "Jose Ariva, of Callao, anU Richard Foss, of Bideford, Wales, died from fatigue and starvation. " EDWARD RUDOLF, Master." "Ship Mercury, off Start Point, 8 a.m., Friday, April 1S. "Mhonday, April 7.-1at. 41659 N.;* long. 41650 WV., spokce the schooner Pigeon, Kight, from LiSsbon for St. John's, Newfoundland, short ef water, &c, supplied her; and from Captain Rudolf obtained t-he report accompanying this, which he desired to be forwarded to Eingland."
ROYAL GEoGnAPIHCAL SocIETY.-At the evening, mueeting, on lMonday the 28th of April, at half-past 8 o'clock, the following papers avill be read .-L. Reasons for donbting the existence o an arctic current along the ast coast-of reenland, by Captain C. Irmninger, of the Royal Danish Navy; 2. Note on the Bonin Islands, by Captain M. Quin, R.i F.R.G.S. ; 3. Reports on the connexion between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, rd the itraSto River, by Mfessrs. Klelley, :Kennish, Serrell, and Stone. MAIBRIAGE L &AW N2DmErNT.-On Friday next lLord St. Germans' bill, eaded "2iriage Law Amendmett," is to be discussed in the Rouse of Lords. It is proposed to repeal-the itatutory prohibition of marriage with a deceased wife's sister or nieoe; and further, it is proposed-to enaetthatsuchmitairiazesbeforethepassingof this(intended) .Mt,5r4 not tobeyold or voidable.
RAILWAY INTELLIGENCE. 'P. A R18P TPMT A vK -The snmial report of the directors of thir company s(tft that, since the meeting in August, last the EAstlndia Company has agreed to raise the rate of guaranteed interest frorm 4A to 5 per cent. on a further sumof 1,500,0100. of the ex-. tension capitaL The additional capital for completing thetxperimental line, inclusive of the cost of doubling -that line to the junction with the main line near Burdwan, ihns been fixed at 731,000!., bearing the stipulated interest of 5" per cent. per annum- With the exception of the necessary reserve for India, the whole of these two sUms has been subscribe b the proprietors. 'Me companv ha o,tee fore, 1, ,OOoM oforiginalcapitalfullycaled up, 3,OW0,000. of extension capital (B) called up, and 2,731,000!. of extension capital (C) 25 Per cent. caled up-tosether 6;,73LO000!., bearing o per cent. interest; and 1,0oQ100Wo raised on debentures, convertible into shares, also bearing 6 per cent. interest. The board propose to. consolidate into one stock the first ,000,000!. of original. capital, and the first 3,000,0001. of extension, or B capital. The raising of the rate of interest from 41 to o per cent. onthe extension capital already issuedplIces all the shares on the same footing in regard to the guaranteed interest as well as the profits of the line, and supersedes tbh necessity of the provisions of the act of August, 1853, ihich- now interfere to prevent the consolidation into one stock., In order to effect the consolidation, therefore, it is proposed to take fresh Parliamentary powersina bill, which the Eas India Company has required the board to introduce thig, session, to enable the company to issue shares at various rates of interest, and which will be now submitted to theb proprietary. The East India Company has authorized the, issue of shares, bearing 5 per cent. interest, in exchange forsuch debentures as the holders may think proper to conyert. into shares, and which will be denominated Extension D. A map is appended to the report, showing that from Calcutta to Ranegunge l212 -miles was opened for traffic on the 3d of February, 1855 ; that the works on about 45 miles oE the line, from the junction near Burdwan to the north side of the river More, have been far advanced. About l3 miles from the latter placeto Rajmahal is under contract, and 10,000 men are employed on the works. On the sectiom, from Colgong to Lackerserai(abont80miles) theprogres ha;not been satisfactory; from the latter place to Phoolwarree, (about 85 miles)'the contract isproceedin- favou-ably. Froan thelatterplaceto the riverKurumnassa (about S0 scilet), thet worksare making satisfactory progress. From thelatter rivertoMogulherai, nearllenares aboutg0imiles) the heavy works. have been advanced. The works from Benares to Allahabad, (about 95 miles) the works are proceeding to the satisfaction of the engineer. The bridge over the River Tonse on this. contract will be anu important work. The section from, Allahabad to Cawvnpore (about LXl miles) it is confidentlyexpected wVll be opened for traffic in the early part of 1857. Fronm Cawnpore to Delhi (about 250 miles) arrangements forthe construction of the line have not been finally completed. The board have contracted for the whole of the rails, chairs, fishig pieces, and sleepers to be forwarded from this country, consisting of 14,525 tons of raiLs 34,486 tons of chairs, 7,347. tons of fishing pieces, and 300,000 creosotedI sleepers. Of this total weight, say220,000 tors, 125,000 tons. have been shpped, and engagements are already entered into for the transport of an additional 20,000 tens. 122 locomotive engines and tenders have been purchased, and. *118 of them, with the proper amount of duplicate parts, shipped. 1,575 sets of ironwork for carriages and other stoclk have been shipped, and supplies will continue to be sent forward. Thestatement of passenger trafficfroni the openingof theline to Ranegunge, in February, to the31st of December,, shows-that 617,281 passengers were carried in 1 months, of wvhom 7,997 were first-class, 48,058 second.class, and 561,226 .thirdclass. The Ilrge proportion of third-class passengers-is extremely satisfactory, as affording strong eNidence of the -eadiness of the native population throughout India to avail. themselves of this new means of locomotion. The general goods traffic is steadily developing itself. The prospects of a large coal traffic are n6w assured; one contract alone has been made for the conveyance of 70,000 tons of coals fromx *the Ranegnage collieries5 yielding a gross revenue of about. 35,000!. per annum, and the board have grounds for believing that this traffic will be largely increased from other quarters. From.the opening of the lineto the 30th of June last the fuel consumedt in the engines was English coke and coal, and the working expenses then amountedto G7per cent. of the receipts. In the last months of the succeeding halfyear the traffic was carried on by the use of native col. alone ; and the resultis,.that the cost of fuel has been reduced fromli4.25d:to.2.53d. per train maile. This result isduemainly,to the steady,perseverance of Mr. Stokes, the locomotive superintendent, who loft this country in April, 185g, fully impressed by the board and their officers witlh the absolute necessity of usingnative coal to insure economy in the. working. The revenue account shovws that the receipts on theline from the 15th of August, 1854, to the 30th of Jtne, 1855, amounted to 31,453S., and the expenses to 21,0811., leaving. a balance of 10,3711. The capital -account to the 31st ofV Decemberlast shows that 4,035,415L had beei received on, 5hares,.and 1000,000L. on debentures-total, 5,035,41S!;.- .andthat 4,157,9521. had been expended, leaving a balance of :877,462!. The amount received for interest from the :East. India Company was 432,5341., of which 424,9451. waspaid to the shareholders, leaving a balance of 7,5891, GREAT INDIAN PENNINSULA. -The-report of the directors of thiscompanystat-esthat. the-'H . East India Company have sanctioned the formai-tion of ftho- north-eastern arm of this railway across theThil Ghant, towards Jubbulpore; -with a view to its junction with the East Indian Railway, and also through the Berar cotton fields to Nagpore, which the board described in their last report as the most prominent obiect of the conipany, and which the Governor-General in Council characterized as *' the line of paramount importance." The engineers are mow.engaged in setting out 200 mniles of this. portion of; the line preliminary to letting the works thereof, and every exertion will be-used to open up as early as possible the northern cotton district, which vill be thLgreat feeder to the railway. On the other arm of the ine, proceeding from Callian to the south-east, the works are in active progress of execution to the extent of 220 milesviz., from the foot of the Mhore Ghaut, 'id Poonah toSholapore; and so far every contract has been let within the amount of the engineer's estimates. The first section of this south-eastern arm of the railwayfrom CallinattoCampoolee, at the foot of the Bhore Ghant, 39 miles, is expected to, he openedin the monthof Mayensuing; andthe companywilE then have 90 miles of railwvay at wvork. The receipts for - the half-yearending June, 1555, amounted to 7,9321., and for the half-year ending December, 1853, to 8,2-521., showinz an increase of 320!. The expenses amounted in the forner period to 6,4491., and in the latter to 4,914!., showing a decrease of l,5341. The net profit amounted for the halfyear ending June to 1,483!., and ending December to 3,3371., shoving an increase of 1,854. Notwithskindingthe improvement evidenced by these returns, the traffic on which the prospects of the company are based has not commenced, nor can it be looked for, untit one or both lines shall have been extended across. the Chants into the Deccan. Since the last meetinof shareholders the E[on, East India Compsny hava extended the guarantee of S per cent, to 1,500,000!. of further capital for the extension lines, which has been issued; and the share capital has been converted from 5!. sha. into 20!. shares, in accordance wvith the resolution of the company. Theecapitalaccount shovws that 1,758,5241. had been received, and 816,277!. expended, of which 441,902. was e.pended in England, and 374,3761. in Bombay, leasing a balance of 942,2471. The interest account shows a bsalance in hand of 29,91'9L. ANTWERP A)ND ROTTERDAI. The report of the directors of this company states that the profits of the line from the 3d of May to the 31St of December, 1855, amounted to 11,,522!. From this sum is deducted 1,222! interest paid to bondholders, leaving a balance of 10,300!., or 4s. od. per share. The goods traffic Would have been much more if the company had had the means of developing it, Their two boats were scarcely sufficient to accommodate the passengerand light goods traffic. An additional boat w ill be put on early ne.xt month. Arrangements for an intecrhanre oE traffic betw een the Dnteh railway,s and t.he Belgian S'ate ]ines and the Crest Northern of France have been made for passenger traffic, but, in order to obtain the heavy goods trafice, and. compete successfuLly with the existinlg water carniage, the companey must have a mode of transit at the Mloerdyke -to carry waggons directly without. transshipment, not only betwveen .Antv;erp and Rotterdam, but betwreen the stations of the Belgian and Ftseni rat^isys and the princpal towvns of Holland, in connexion with the Dutch Ehenish R^ailway. The waggons will be transported into the principal basins and in front of the warehouses -of Rotterdam, whaich will save the expenses of boading and carriage to the station. The difficulties .that prevented. the development ofthe traei are daily disappeaing, and. the work:s masy now be conisidered as finished, The arranrements necescsary to avoid the deLay and expense of transshi3pment nt MIoerd3yke WAIl soon be completed. The permanent, way and wvorking stock sire in good condition. The arrangement for leasing the Lies-re and Turnhout Railwvay has bee.m concluded on thle terms of receivin"' from the Government and handing over to the ftierre and Turnbout shareholders the 4 per cent, guaran,teed to the latter in .case of deficiency in the traffic, and oF workwing tIme Tu3rnhout line- for a percentage of 65S per cent. for the first two years, 60 per cent. for the second twvo years, and SO per cent, for the remamnder of the concession, of the gros ecept o th TruontRalwy, heAnmv~p nd gross itceiPts Ofi thle Turnhout Railway, the Antwerp andRotterdamn Railvay allowing in addition an annual sum of 21,000f. (840!.), equal to 5 per cent. on the cost of the rollng stock provided by the Turnhout company. Under this arrangement no charge could fall upon the Antwerp and Rotterdam R ailway Company except to the extent of 840!., as the deficiencv in thetraffic during the first few years to pay the stipulated rent is covered by the Governmnent guarantee. By ex- changig the Turnhout shares for " obligations" of the Antwerpo Company at the same rate of interest, the company would avoid a demand of 8,000Iu made by the Belgian Government for stamp duty on a lease of that line for 9,) years. The Turnhout sha-eholdervwould thus receive the samereturn, and the Antwerp and Rotterdam Railway Company would remain in precisely the same position as at present. MONS AND MANAGE. The annual meeting of this company was aippointed to be held yesterday at the London Tavern; but, mn consequaence of the request of the committee of the dissentient shareholders, the directors postponed the meeting until thelatter partof June, to afford time to receive the award under the arbitrationnow pendinginrespectto the questionof back interest.. CeCONDSSIOxS WIrOUr PURCHASE.-By a returin ordered by the House of Lords, just printed, it appears that the number of first commissions given to gentlemen without purchae in Her Majesty's army since the commencement of thewar-was. 1,24L including S0 cadets, who, having been. educated at-the Royal Military College, obtained commisasons mi consideration of their havin& passed public examination. Ofithenumber, 317weremili&aoffi,ers, apointel in-consideiation of having obtained volunteers; 70 were non-coinmuissioned- offlcers appointed without purchase, mak4 a total of 1,72&
SALES BY AUCTIONf. ?alocalSI8(esablshe In124), P~~nte to take lilac the dfrat srusaylneveY moth,of A5obt~e nd ontingeut HCeTersionx tov sn'~Cempoks,andothe pubic uderaings oria Rgtse Rsent je"_ ~ es o nnnce that his PERIO.. STATLESU (established in 1843), for the disposal of "eer description of the aboemnioe RPtIT,tk Placeonth lest Thursday int each month throughout the preetyar sner: January I Ma etme * I'ebrsary 7 Junea Isctbe I= Ty 6July 3 I November 8 Apreill 3 Atigustl 7 Decemberii M., Mar..hh"i eenietnduced to hold thes salea from the incremlng gems,nd fur the transfer of property of this description, the value of Which as mnseaus of inretent nistI doify becomting better apprE-cIated, andfrow, his, exPrerience of the heavy drawbacks and great ditffculty to w,hich it has been exposed in the ordinary course of al,and the expe. Siesre of the last 12 years has provecd the above plan to be equaUy~ adasantageous to vendors and purchasers, the cIasiflcation of numnerous lots rendering the meansof publicity move effectuat and less ex,pensive to the vendor, and simplifying the transfer to the purchaser. Notices of sWes initended to be effected by the above means sltosctd he forwarded to M1r. Marsh at least a fortnight antecedlent to the above dates, in order that they onay have the full benefit of puiblicity. The panticularsaend conditions of Wae for the ensuing year may be obtained seven days tricyrto each day of sale, at the Mart, and at Mr. Marshi's of icr5 2, Ciharlotte-row, Mansion-house ;or wil be forwrarded free on application. 'eiiulSale (establishedt in I3 oflIteversions. Policies, Annuities, Share&,B.)n&s,t.&c-For Thuislay next. Ma~y . tlhe vluable Ab.olute Reversion to the Sumn of 4£2.0t0 sterling. secured on a sum of up). wrards of £S.C&0C Conesol receivable ont the decease of a geutlemian, aged SG3 next birthday. R,4IfflL M IRS has receivedi instrulctions to includje in ,iY. his next Monthly Periodical Sale of rerersions, policies. &e, a-ppointed to take place at the Mart, on Thursday next, Mlay I,at 12,tht; Yvaluable AUlSOLlUTE REV ERSION to a SUM of £1,000, to he paid out of a sum, of upwaris of £5,000 stock in Consols, standling in thte name of the Accouatant-(lrneral Of the High Court of Chancery in a cacao:" Relillcy v. Lockhart." tesyab!e on the death of a gentleman. aged 5G Stoat birthday. P'articulars waly be obtained at the Mart ; of Albead IvallFs, r.. solicitor. 6, BIGoonssbury-8qnare;, andi at Mrf. Mfarsh's cliEces. 2. Charlotte-row. Mansaion-house. Pleriodical Sate (establshed iW5-43) of Reversions l'olicies, Aniis Shares, Bonds,iir.-For Thursday next. May l.-The AbsolueRvr sion to a Freehold Property in Miarsbans-street, Westminster, en the decease of two advancd lives. MR. AlARSH has received iinstructions to includ(e ±i to his next monthly periodical SALE of rvsin,policies, &hr., appointed to take place at the Mahrt, ent Thursday next.1May I, at 12.t!ho valuable ABSOU1 TE REVERSION to a PR EEEIOLD PropER Py cvinprisir7 the capital Houise andl lusiness Premises. 44, Marlsbansstr-eet. WeAnlinastser, to the oecupation of a yeardy tenant at a rent. of £42 pee annium, to w hich a Purchaser will be entitile on the decease Of a I-dy and gentleman (husband and wife), aged resPectiv-ely 7 1 a,,d 81. Pa-rcuars may be i,btaitt,ed at the -Mart: of Messrs. POwell, Thompson. and, Gr,un. solicitors. 3. ltaymond's-buildings, Gray's-toss and at Mr. MarWis offIces, 2t, Chiariuttco~rw,asonhue 1'ero,lical Sale lestabhshbri in 18431 of Reversions, rolicies, Annuities1 Shares, Bonds. SIc.-For Thursday next. Mlay 1, the Absolute Rtevermon to a Freehold Prou.erty, in Dean-street,Soholtweaanpo durinlg ani anunsal rental o ff lt n eEean po AI R. MARSH has received instrtuctions to inetclse T in his next mornitily periodical SALE of reversioae, policies, crc., appointed to take p!ace at the Mart, on Thursdaynroxt,may I. at l2Ithe A.BSOLUTE REVERSION to a capital Private RESIDENCE and PltE'Il16S. distinguisled on 13. IRichmond-buildixgs, Dean-streot, Soho. let on leawe for 18 years. at a rent of £54 per annm. The above property a, prchna,er will beconme entitled to on the decease of a ladly andl gsiittensan (hustand and wife) aged resn>ectively 7.1 and 51. Particular iiay be olstanied at tlse M1art: of' Messrs. Vow,ell, Thloupsoa, andl Greoom. solieitors,. 3. 11aymorld's-builllnge. Gray-'s-inn;- and at Mr. Marshl's etitees, I, Cliarlotte'ros-, Mansion-hiouse. FeTiodical Sale festablisht,t in IS43) of Reversions, Policies, Annuities, Shansvs Bonds. hce-For Thursday next, Mlay I.-20 Shares in the 111R.3A"SH as recived nstrutioiis to include in ,.LTkhis~ IDotAly rriolica Sat ofReversions, PoLicies, de.. apponte to akeplac atthe arton Tursay next. May I, atI2, in 92 let.TENT Ld SARS l4elle adpad(in the EQUITABLE Fflftf Z-lST~ACE CMPAY, Cnno-stret,city. Particulars may e otatod a th Mar; ad atMr.Marh's ffies,2, Charlotte- Peridic-l Sae ltstsllishtl i 154) of Reversions, ruiic,Anute, Sre, Sds It, far thurde next Mhrsay 1,-the valuI,atle R hevr sion ~ ~ 0- to the Stun of X4,0C 0 New Three per Cents, eeial ,o h ree ntedecease of a lady, aged 7S roie a5,tlmn aged 10, survives her:. alsoa a Policy of Assurance for the samu of £,,O,effected withi the LiverPool and Londers Inisurance Company, to secure the contingency, Partirulasa may be obtained at the Mart; Of Messrs. Hfarrison and Scarbsorough, solicitors, 6, Bloomsbury-square; ond at Mr. Mfarsh's otlices, 2. Charlotte-raw, M3ansion-hornse, Periodical Sale lestablished ini 1S43) of Reversions, Policies, Annuitiesi, Shares. Bonds, &c.-For Thursday next, Mlay 1, valutable Absolute Reversion, receivable on the decease of a lady, niow in her Slth year, I R. ~~MARHSH has received instruct ionis to inctluel inl THh~ ne-xt Mon0'thly Periodical Sale of Reversions. Pelicies. he, aproosoted in take place at the Mtast, on Thursday next, 'May I, at Itt, thle ABSO LULTE R EVERSION' toONE-SEV7ENT J PART of eachi of the three following SUM3S of STOCK, viz.,-£ES,0O New Thiree per Cent. Annuities, £01337 1s, 3d. Three per Cenit, Reduced Aniis £34 Os, 2.1, Three per Cent. Consels,-standing in the nameis of trusIces-, expe:ctanit on the dlece"e of a widow lady, who was bom on thle 22th of October. :772, and therefore is niote to her S4rh year. Particulairs may be- obtainled at the Mlart;, of Messrs. Simipson, Cobb, Roberts, and Simpson, solicitors, 62, Mourg-ate-street ; and at Me,. Marsh's ofaces, 2, Charlotte-mw. M1ansion-house. 1'eiriadie-al Sale (esalse n 83 fRvrsions, Policies nd ~Annxi- ties, Shares. Boods &c.-o Thrdynext, S.lay 1, an Anntilty of ;i l' pee annum, receivable h-yry,during the lives of two gentlemen, aged respectivecly 72an 4 R.1T MARSH has receivedI instructions from, the IlJJ.Mortgagees w-ith power Of sale to include in Iits next M1onthly Periodical Salec of Revvmsiorns. Policies, &e,, appointedto lake place at the M1art, On Thur-sdaY next, May 1, at 12, an AIdVU.ITY of z10 per annum, secured by indenture of covenant of a gentlemuan, dated 11th Aprit, 1844, and by a joint and several bondl of the sanme date, from two gentlemen lone of whom in the grantor of the annuity), in the penal Sum Of ;E50.fdO, with a condition of avoidance of the bond on pusetnal Pymyuent of the annuity, Such annuity was madle payable to John Henry Blagrave, P.,thle grantee (now aged about 45 years), his executors administrators, and assigns, during the lives of John lilageave, Esq. (now aged about 74 years), and Anthony Blagrave, Esq. (now abouit 7,2 years), and during the life of the Survivor of themi, halfYearly. On the 15th of Auril and 15th of Octsbcer; also, a Life Polic of Assurance for the sum of £t2,000, No, 6,255, datedI !Sth Sept'emb'er, 1S45, eftected with the Asylum Foreign and Domestic Life Assuanc S,i'etty, on or about that date, on she life of the said John Henry Bl1agrnve, Esq., now sge-o about 45 years, as above mentioned, subject to an annual premium of £33 I, 3d, Particulars may be obtained at the Mfart; of Messrss. Routh and Rowden, sollcitOrs, 14, qthtamtoton. Street, BEtoonabury; and at Mlr. Marshs offices, 2, Chanrlotr' sior-hotise, Peris.lntalSale (establihdi 83 fRvrin,Plce,Aniis Sharess. Pands, c.-Fo Thrdynx,MylaPolicy of Assurance for the Saim of z300 in the AgsLfAanneCompany. 2 [ . 3MALR SH has receivd int tos to include in his next Monthly Periodical Sale of Reversions, Policies, &-c,, npp(unted to take place at the Mart, On Thursday next. May], a P'OLICY of ASSTURANCE for the SUM of £300, effected with the Arg-as UL'e Ass11rance Company, FT'ngorton-street, to December, 154 nthe life of a gentleman who wil attain 57 in December next, Patiuass may be obtained al&the 'Mart, and:at Mr. Marsh's offices, 2. CI-ar:otte-row Manision-hous-e, P'eriodical Sale lestablished in 1843) of Reversions, Policies, Annuities, Shares, BendIs, hrc., for ThursdaY next, May 1.-A Policy of Assur' ance for the Suim of £100 ini the Guardian Fire and Life AssuOrance Company. Lomtbard-street. 31R isARSH hias receivedI instructions to inceludje TAi sids nlext Mo0nthly, Periodical Sale of Reversionse, Policies, &.,, aPpointed to talke place at the Mart, en Thursday next, Slay 1. at 12, a PO LI CY of ASS URAINCE for the SLIt Of £a(t, eff-ected weitht the Guardian Fire anti Life Assurance Company in June, 121, on the li.Fe of a gent lenran, who will attain the age Of 51 in December next, Particulars nMay he Obitained a1t the iMart ; an d at Me, Marsh's offices, 2, Char:Otte-row, 31 aision-housera Periodical Sale (Established to 1843) of Revers_ious. Policies, Annuities, ShareS, Lunds, ire. For next Thursday, Stay 1.-The valuable Ab-nout4 lReversion to the sum of £100. Three per Cent. Consolidated Blank Artuities, receivable on the decease of a lady nowr in her 6sth year. 1iR. 3MARSH has received instrulctionS froni the. jYlMorts-agees, whio arralso Tnusteez, to incluide in hti stext monthly Periedient Sale of Eeversions.Policies,h'e, appointed to take Place at the Msart. on Thursdlay next, M~ay 1, at 12, the ABSOLUTEI REVE It SIO-N to ttle SUM of £400, Thiree per Cent, Consolidated Bank Annuiie prt f 22 14, et, owstaulnghithe Bank boots, in thie name ofothr most espctalean reponibl triustees, receivable on C'iapham. 1[R. MARSH has received instrutctions to SELL by A AUCTION, on the P?remisies, 3. Farm-terrace Clapliam, TOmoro-, April 25th, at 12, the HOUSEHIOLD) PUINITURtE'and EF,FECTS, comPrisig bedsteads end bedding, sPring and hair mattreses waleoe, het o drwer, isd heunul bd cambr ppen- tabls, urtans,a vey sperir Sanis maogan revetare,fendlers SurPlus LaPnds of the South-Eastern Railway Company, on the Ilinster and Deal Branch. 11FR. 3ARSH has been favouredi with inStructions ALfrom the Directors of the South'FEaatern Ralway Company to SELL by AUCTION, at the Fountain Hotel. Canterbutry, oin Saturday next. April 26. at 2 foeS3 in the afternoon, a PORTIO~N of the SUjRP'LUS PROPERITY belonging to the Company, on the Slinsier and Deal Branch, comprising rich and Productive Freehold' Meadow Land, At the Min-ster Station; very eligible closes of- freeholdaco otlion, meadow, and garden ground, adioting the townand borouigh of Sandwi~ch; freehold amble land, niear the station at Deal'- and various ptec of meadow and pasture land, in the parishes of t&Orth and Wyoodn-s'orugh, to the county of Kent; the wvhole of whieh is frehol, ad oe'nlotwil codera vtsfor thle cotnuty. May be viewd, nd prtiulas, wth ondtion ofsal, obtainerl at the Formmis Hoel.Caterury a th vaios satinson the Minster and DealBrnch; a th (~'nterury Ashord,andRamaigate Stations;- R&hhrnhithe.-VaIuaable Freehold Property, comprisng the Duke's Head Free Pulblic-house, three Dwelling-house-s withl Shops, three privat Dwllng-ouss,and a Blacksmith's Shop,conferring Votes for the county of Surry. i1.TRMAR~SH has received inStruLCtions from the .1N.. Mortgagee to SELL by AUCTIONq. at the Mart, on Thursday. next. Slayl-, 1t 2.in seven lots, thflo7geyatalFEHL PROPERITY, offering secure investments, most eligibly situiate in the vi'cinity of the Grand Surrey Docks, viz, :-the old-etdbhlshher free yssblie-house, distinguis;hed asthe Duke's, 2ed,5l,Rotberbittie_strect, tao welina-onss wih sops,233and IP,Rotherhiithe-street, a blakeniths sopaodtwocotags i th rer,the dwelling-house and busiesspreise. 3t3,Roterhthestret,and a6 dwelling-house, 2, Clarncestret.Itoherith: al rspe tabytnanted,audp{roduring rontk amuntig to£125per nnum Sta beviewed,. anc particulars wih coditonsci sle,obtanedon he pemies;at tile MaIrt of esss. arkr ad onssolcitrs Loinhm; ndat Mr, Marsh's Freehold Premises, 6E.1WVest Smithfieldt, 5and 6, Bartholomv-closo, and 21, Brook-street, Ilolborn, tho three last otelitioned houses being exruipt frem land-tax, 11IR. MARSH, thc auctioneer appointed for that A2TJ. purpose. is instrTctedto SELL, in pu-.rsnance of an. order made in the lligl Court of Chancery, in a cause "Moore v. Smith," and with the approbation of the Judge to whose Couirt thecmid cauise Is attached, at the Mart. opposite the Bank Of England, on Thursday, the 15th day of Mlay, 1M51. at 12 o'clock, in four lots, the mcoital corner SHOP, N o. 66, West Smithfield, Two Dwveling-houses and Premises, No3e S a5nd 6,. Barthotomew-clos, anld the Dwrlling-honse No. 21, Brook-sseet, 1tolborn, producing a rental of £lS0 per annum. Mfay be vieweel by permission of the tenants, and particulars, with conditions of sale,obtained at the Mart; of Mea-srs. A'Beckett, Symsrson, and Warner, solicitors, 7, Goltden-sqware: of 31Mers. Sudlow, 'Torr, Janeway, and Tagart. solicitorts 38, BedforIdrow . of William llitchcock, Rsiq., solicitor, 2 Tanfeld-coitrt, Tenple: and at Mr. Marh's offices, 2, Charlotte-row, 'Sanron-house-Dated this 22d day of April, 1856. GEO. IMlME, Chief Clerk. Cheshire.-Valanlt'e Freehold Estates, situate in the parishes of Hankelon, Ne-bali, and Wolfall, comprising two compact farms, contigunus tIt the market towns of Atrdlem and Nantwich, and eight miles from the Crewe Station on theLondon and North WVestem Railway. vR. M IARS has received instructions from the A rsAssigness acting under the order of the Celurt of BynLam tey ;nd upon the atplication of the Mortgagees, to SELL by AUCTToN,at the Crown llotel, Audlem. on Thursday, May 22, at in the afternoon. in two lots, valuable PREEHOLD ESTATES. viz., Over the Water or Monks Farm. sitnate in the parishes of Hanklelon and Newhall, in the township of Audlem, land-tax redeemed. comprising convenient fam-house, with most eubstantially bricl-built apgemulturalbuldrmgs, and 173 aaes of sound and temarkably fertile amzble, mendow, and pasture land, acknowledged to be the bert dairy farm in that district, beautifully timoered, and abutting on the estates of the Earl of Rimorey and Dr. Smith' in the occupation of Messrs. J. and W. Harthern. at the znoderai4 rental of £250 per annum. Also Woolfall Tarm, situate at Woo1lfIl in the townsh3ip of Audliem, comprisig 82 acres of equallY fertile ltd, with a commodiious and substantially bnUt riza-house and al neceseary out-bnildings I theoccption of-M.- Charles Haryey, at the moderate rental of £l2t0peraunmn May be nervd onatp atio tothe tenants, and particulars of sale Obtained Pleas, and Boyer, s n i t 01d fr3r M t fes. White nd Borrett, solictors, 10, Whitehaliphe of FrederIck C. H. Bellye. Ens., solicitor, Audlem; at the Ctrowen Inns, Ancdlem and Nantw-ch; 're-we Ar,Crewe :and of Ste.hMarsh, 2,CharlotteTCo Maaainon-hcule Ten 4don, at-whose offace p'tans of the estate may Ore seen. To te Sold, Pursuant to a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, male in a cause of "Wash and another against the WestMsinste-r IMproye., men't Commisaioners," with the approbatiou of the Juidge to whbo.A Court the said cause is attached, by Mr. MARSH5, the Auctioneer aDpointed to sell the same, at the Mart, on ThLursday next, May 1, at 12 at noon, lesuae,orDwell ghouse sitate No. 2.% a lease from the Dean and Chapter of Wesmntr ae ~, oldpil 154d-soree-thegre.sioduerof termitur40 reafove fro 18nsbury ata e uof26r er anenu,oftWhiallossdo betherremorions. en theremsesofere fo sae.N.R Thse eaPro,rihaor awboys beeng Deanand haptr o Wesmlchimgney-glassesnai of oflices, 2, Charlotte-roeas, cains in-moPue. Old ond-tree.-R'egsn maden FanottheremoedsfrmeFads,bpry- squre s al nt bta' aloedon hePrmisles.pwah ~,1R. F. ~. DEBENffA willwSELroby, AUC-. LVI.TIO -itMr.Itobcoo's Roms21, ld roondstret ondated- Thebra-wood cad tables, bof dinh ingeles,an oramnt altabls, Erus ofVs- carpets and rugts. muslin Canddmars. cudrtan, andosewdctef-onlVerwit MabEStpSReaS soa. i car adpi D BN AIS OfR easychir iON moicno SEwLengavigs maherGogany our-pstret andenthearbdsead, spaoring, saDs,cealsand-o oterglassy es, bhoay ordrionted wardrobe. &. few kitcthen uatesl, anFrdayeffects Catalogesia the rooms. SI andsaMr athrecThousand Yardboffl prich6 RSilk, et, and osatins, Ends3 of, aas of, Engmand-ltere,Broe-and Caslmers 1t3r, RadndoE-terrce, Brow.lNv TI/IESSES. ])EBENHAM, STOet togod SOnats wal iLSEL a thirRoos,Kin-stee, Cvet-grdn. o-morroth, the25h ist, a 1. 500 yadsof eatifl REcit.Prtclr SInKS, en viegVetssrm-,satinst,Lando-atidgeteTinruseulzlengths, ndsuof clth, presses,rgentl emen'apae, Mrishalnens, 2apidolentof cambthricad MIR. F. G. DEBE NIAM l asEL bye a ouCTdiOt, IT i.ituto-oSEJ yACIN at the Mart, on FrdyMar,at1,iitolts I uely, 15. hannn-terace Broe-sosd; nd 1.iRPno rteance, Bxtewsioe- mostheathyarond ondo, oly 5 mnuts alkd frnom-brihdre,ditch Churc, an a 3. rie by mnibs frm th ct.partiooftenpreonithes Iaremi:a thupedbyath; of Mr. Harrqois, 1. g Pern;plcehoreraiuderoad lho wlys lasho tenns n he prpry wfD uhoeis, Eapabl 1o, Croducing-strea and at sti.matenham' ructlon and0 pestateoices, T0heaprmsie. r hl upong leism-sorateet, Ldof -bhiclgupwrdsofBakin yand taseowanesxCos pad tarnics. Wafehonsemer n. umee ants e Caitalist, and pathers. m otine o1th pei.e F. atIEB thAe~ fiast;o beenfas fliversred with Debenhin'struction toaSEL byi eaUtION atnc tfhes Mar, oneaFriday. Klayo2, a 1S.rtey fvaluabl te LEA alE ofro the hihySmotant,io tn.-osiu pied bysthe LondontandeasTern flank 1Itshebsies of wrehich Shapsbe remve to 7 Ga. nstEBetNHcmpiNhsin oneofithe finestsitesionsth cit ofrondn bhetwveen ewhoi Canon-sabreed,toai SLononbridge,Twith entrne Mals,oin rile-ylane in ath rear. Of the porti, Of cpthe pemighes latmely HOrupiEd byithe Shonk poasesionwill bel gian; theareainder isut laet to firs clssteants aonds theliwholse.i capableg ofe prduing aot moeraten Testimate, eailpodc a rental of £90 eranu. hepemie ar held p,el tl ao 3 er,a ru( rentalo40 oefanm Sla bea viuewe, andit paroticuar obtaiuedhosis thefpremies;l atthe Mae.rs,t; e2srs. OatclvrsonthLde pTebunias's aution, land atndesate aDeency foffices, SO. Ceaps%ide. inSt. ohn.Surrey.Fore minoute' walk,b fromr the Sthetionr sae Ml R. Fi. G. DEBENHAllm-ha rEceve istuctiNs Tat the Start, on Friday. May 2, at LO. in one elots, TWOcaitleightroomedallHOuSES,n( wisthfuShops,hd articuarltel anSdplEasanl osituat mouath roa, Eamot strace, iundaton-ronhaeS:. Johnes-lets plats10anl sessin. Te twowillreadiy prduce renal of£60 terenannum Heldfor99 ear, a a roun ret o £6eac hose,awith theae fopto of urcasng hefrehod wthn 1 yars a £20.Particulars on the pe St.w Jotmtr-woo-By ordeAbsolute Sale,tbysorderhoflthe MorstCagees. MR. F. G. DEBENHAMiN will SELL by AUCTION', JL at the Mart. on Friday, May 2. at 12.i threeck lthsus,taniaEllysretedtia icy-builtan tasefLLyN-fiiHedprivatehRSIDE,NCE. N4 os. I 6, sd 7,Eamnt-trraeBunday-rod. t,aJine'-wod, pleasaontily tio tothecit: lt o rspetabe tsaus th inaeqat rentalso; amoutin to£144perannm, ad hld nde sepa rate leases fory Nos.1 ad 7canbe ad t dsumer giingane excllet unIonport, allyfor purhase reqirin occpatin. Prticlarson thle proat the art; ad at M. Debeham's ofices,56, Caapside Claflavae,nsirce.B ibrnsrofthe-Executor ofd thperlate Mrs.eClarke.w M RIl. Fi. G. DEBENIIAM will SELL by AUCTION, at the Stremse, on FaridyStayVi2.aat 12 'clock.te, oTusubsantiMalywell-s2tre et;legat todMr.nry nee aUNTE rsiipeale ad byfxtraesponsil tenanp(holhster;ocpriiedgfruter las a,tlioeas a h lyow rental ofa £10 perstannu, aprnd held, upnd leaeGor mattrerme ofears froms Landy-deay, NISt., ala groud iarente, het of £1 dh raemises havet glustes und uergoel tihoFroughubstathialando curnamental brepair. Particlrsntey prase-, mises atther Marpt,o Mesarthus. Walerse and Son, soiiosm8 asing-l hall-stcvree;ad infat Mr.s ofbenhad ofieas,h SO, Che esid nde. Maieds-vale,near Kinburo;-wod ,ae,a fewa andic Sperniors Moderonofur engraings ch. a an dEBElaMs wdce tnilsEL by. AUCTe IONeth dapir n aaousbdon the P remises, 16 antnilsMads-aleAi. onTesday, nsta off.cat 12. the eeant mdernFRIUE upie yfs-eLn do rpotindtentrs, compising suprior mah ogtanypfon-pstatdAes ia b ELdn,iGeOwaDrobs, chestsuofedrawrs toiet Tlassees, and usefu chamber eiipsofntrd elegant drawing, roomse ~sto mEL carvted walnt, and oTherda carexts, thearthristgin fienders, andt fiReU REnNTSmaogan extendingpe dininguabe, andi 12o spveal wiHoustuffed Seats, and engavigs chns,an glss.kiehe utnsls,nd Mayber aeweduth offices. 50. Cheapside. l%ears JR . EGOODi ntutd by the Trustees of the 1VLWfi of Lord Robert Seymour, deceased, to SELIM, at the Mart, on Tuesday next, the 29th mast.in five lots.a well-(cred net REN TSTo £232nearlyEper annum, foriv erss rvefromseraHoesandiShops,antn vrawford-strteet in thel b5iy-rad, neaercnlaeo the Po1hilrtma Estate, rive fro SixHome in ust-squre comdTrisiHouseserand Shops,a be.,in S. Jaea'splse, Hmpetad-gad,hoeldo therm Southamptoilng Estae fr 52yeas. Pintd paticlarsto ve hd aetsth Maromtiof Messs. Bown andWillsms solcitos, o.fMrgaet-sofLeet,n aven Clciityrsatdtew-Aentroa00dperAnnum~, fopra1nuyears. eas MR. ELGO 0J) is instructed by the Trustees of the WillM of Lord Robert Seymour, deceased, to SELL, at the Mart, onl Tuesday next, the 29th inst., in on lots, a netl-seured netORENotL aofunearly£t0 peersiannuary 10ntearest, deriv2edarom an impondtandtanr valuabl destated frm thaee ntyoate, neart the Sunhiey Burapl,CBlund, froi£rod, roucng bot s7 per annum, and held by one lease ofteiyffLnon,r a rudrnto 23lO.fr8 years from Michaelmas, 1810. gon en fXIO o Prntedl ~Retal of atbthe Anel, for 16gtyea th MauGrt;ofndMenss. Bown nd solicitfo rs,~ ea witlx reae-trsCverso o i endtothe-acuare nd a Ir.ve Efgom'sevorahoces, 9. ndmp e-osireet.,iBrprsetNw nt £40d and £0th forph1t0 years;tchef lyGrontdprets,uland Improvabule. of or.- TaemG T sa instraroadtead bye tHepPl Trusees, of the es ille of th rd Rosi rt Sunnteymour.peea-sted, etoateL at the Mart, on Tuesdayrext thowe-29hansd WWin os, 1,MgarnIet-streeINCOMe ofi rentsherie fromus lre estate,ilosedo, the tex SurryCae,Ba fruiars-road,pouiang abou £678c pers annumet,anhedboelasfr Saiyeas, :. fromwicaroom sui7, tes ron rn of £210isutoAnua Retaln of( shoute£40, foaris, so ears;. and Cm ude et f 6 rived flw%romseveawonsd and shops,te &tble,inHre-te,Nw e- rea, ea te Eepan ad aste.Prntd aretirecm tedb the u- ofor Taer, lacfcamroa; ndtheHo PLMLte Tabver,o the o, 7 HRe-Stre.-FPL tVS adEecsoareGientleman,ydeceasd AL.esigestoOSEL willUCSELL,attoeMorrow aTo- 12ow Holbomtheldhousebeng disposred o, ther o?2exellet aFUroniTYI rento clu1ing yaraba and Frenc hihlybedspcmple te,nanrdrb andM e marbl-lo Patabules,s e,,drawin rootsutheso carimson Msi.Lkaawmetewindowscurtainr,sanroeewtors ch4rs sofas Jew, ina mermo adaofmask,chimneyand pir lasses, roultoed said wlapnut-irotablsd aesr apesoe fnescAbineutepaoi Ivrosewonodse lofe cptal Fudinnstbead1 chiS,pdStalSidbad aL W largeWhite paint diedbocase,dlitar where.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~heiamso Messsghltw andes Weal, 34R, aPoultyOas, and nuphm-rousad. cs MESSR S. PLEWVS and WA-LL are directed (by the 1.Assigneesoflr .Esm to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mar,3o-orow Aprilk 2.oat 12 forks RSDEC, oaposlituenartheNo We2,o El-pace.n ofbohe heldofo an' uNexpiredstermnf2 years,y at aground, Airent2ofa beeca yeark,an elet toarhighl barewspectabl teon,aanvi.twoat £8 per andnu Psticus,a benmaybe hadlok atlthelStrt fc Messfrks.Larakes, Pidlows, amnd uyer, e soicitors,t14 Odayewri-co hemsere, and o essrsgulas banda Wall. tautoier 34. Poultry, anClpa -rod.Canmrad odn El I7SSRS. ELEIS and WALL are dii recdythed toe. 1. by utrdx of the Cout ofBankuelPtcy, thOtoSELUTEbREVERSION lon SUe of £1e,31 Oie. td. Consoe Dlsvsaningion Thesname of highitp1 mterileSale Roomng Miencding-laed ofadJo the reauctiongeers,34,Poulry prmsngt wadorses, cMestalis af Ponys Cahavis,ad stnumeou ER~ects.an MESSRS PLEWS--- and WAL ar- dircte (by the- and of Mew.EliI u Son, auctioneers, 36 e churh-street. The British Sperm Candie Comdpany2a Works, Fairfield-road, Bow, ~IESSES. ELLIS and SON have beenfavoured withi M31 instructions by the Directors of the British Sperm Candle Coinpany to SELL by AUCTIONi, in the month of 'May, in one lot. (unless an acceptable offer be previously mnade by private contract,) the extensive and admirably adapted PREMISES, th s uperior and costly Plant and Utensils. (erected wvithin the last three years at an expenditure of nearly 40,000,) and the Goodwill of thin important undertaking. it may be necessary in explanation to stats that the Comnpanywas formed for the manufacture of stearic and composite candles - that an article has been produced of unrivalled qualty, and a valuable and extensive connexion formed throughout the, kingd1om. and the colonies, creting a demand that the Company wvere usable to maeet from an inadequate capital, whicok alone has compelled its dissolution, and t-he necessityfor the present sale: thus offering to capitalists an Opportiuilty of enteriagupon an established undlertaking that muist prove emninently sue. cesful and yield the most liberal prolits. The whole of the plant and - works are in complete workeing condition;: they have been constructed iupou the must, approved principles, embodying all modern scientific timprovements, regulated by a practical knowledge of the object in viewv, whi.ch in evident in the masterly arrangementlof lbe whole ofthe works, Thie heating processes throughout the manufacture, and the chief part of the mechanical operations. are performed by steam, The p reet plant is equal to the-working of about 60 tons of candles per week; Mtl the premises would admit of a considerable extension of the minasUfa lur byasialladdtio t th plnt,whih wlldoubtless be called for byThe inreased dMandutactues wi tarie fromethe reucd prie o h ra maEriL.LTh eis Ueswhch are withi fiv miUOTes'Nwalk-o the Bow Station a ondioupywa Areai n5f upat1rdsainon fouracres are eldby eas fo abut 6 yarsatagr Und rent of£6 porannum inforatio andordes toviewmay e Obaine on ppliathon toci Notice.-The Col~cetian of the Inte Samuel Rogers, REq. I1AESSRS. CHRISTIE and MKAN SON respectfulfly ±YjLt noice,that the veryeceleiat-aed COLLECTION\ of WORKS- of ot''o SamuelRogers, Req.. deceased, will be ONl VIEW. at their ret Rooss King-street. THIS DAY, ApriL 24th. and two following Y- hSlwfllcommence on.Monday, the 28th. No. 22. 1s.,Jamess Ice. ESSRS. CHIRISTIE, and Ith:SON respectfully im give notice, that the7 will SELL by AUCTION, on thLepris. ~ ~O? 12o'clockprecisely, the bemtifaot atr eihtfoicew o6ver, thDresen-parCheldea frmthcrw,frem of eve o-ar ata gouDeorantiof Objects. Tewoeo h at fitregillve ncluded that theywl pucaE.L The hUOuse m tteiraytoiwdb cRdsm, ton benhadyo Meaysra. Chreistely,andr anlonPricu CLarsEmayOh hdof rare Osinsal SDrpe, sde, and Jaceson sORCLctor', Bftedford-rot qandtof aenrs Christie ao d DeoatieAr,te oprtn. etlmn VI'eryochelan compris,Desdfien,Ceea, Tnd Orienta as rocistern an,d battls, ad oter Decsofreativ Obecuts. ar fvrin Lve IIfes,eqisitlypantd CH ISI bantfudeto threeN jrirespectom-y Yo. gies nlatieau, tatd othey willSELLa nbye AUCtIof, vateo thefirngeat prof raeorintf Dresden, eandifSdvrea anItcofee ofric texqhighsitel uaintyd, and cobicetspo ecimmoratieArt, thedproety ofx vasgentleran: Chele orthel cohighest quainy and iprtare,oantal vsoes cuiostpernan bottefn other l Egiswrees alof soreateaqutsita Daroesde fineuff-bores, pieriold oFresden clca, Ieutaifltaandenu cnbonzee, seric elequcisiel niets with paels of pietradeurtansdplaques of Sdvres. May heviewed Thursday. fridy. and Satuirday preceding, and catalogues had. Notice.-The Contents of Pyrgo-park.- M~IESSRS. CHRSTIE and MANSON respectfully gYjive notic that theywf CA EALOGUESAUfThe N beatil Cteir grSa Ito,o n SR-aIturda, near 7 pufrdciBthe sea oreof the lae oersigeld; tbCelseato porceapin,l bronURES fouemod wine th,arwellnown READnor ansmyuera, priceHic s.n, each, toe aTdmit tr Peeperons,l Batrtherolomc 'frog-street St.Jamrs'sat te Action;ol Mart;rait ofthe Railwaestaton, Theoe vr Ciollntection of Pitures formed byo FMr.icrson. EQ AUE SSRS. CHRISTIE and MANSON respectfully fV ive notice. that they wil SELL by AUCTION, at their great Rolom.ing Sauday, aatl. t precisely,bbyorderofte. euofsthewAssigees, thecoverytaiono aptle aPICetUensv fOrmEdCytsTIONoflI-knose connoI stlear,WMr.iKma,ompRisin tha ell-anonditdeofeb Fsart rTholsEme merson, r-.,Wodhein'sed collolectio;oanObl Portrait ofwheiDchessi ofp 3 dars'alby Tiian;Ide nimeobis cand ao o the Anpb .rosat iaterid and Iabigail, Syan.sh FclAae: a fineDufresco, 1nc scholregi, aGando Lhendscae, y elaque; fle orkof urara ion eqi(Ritg Louis Phil. lipp's olletio; Prtrats y Gogio Orelasqaez TiDretton, and Hear byEekhut--mdseveal hoic woksan( theallerainesh, Dandh and renh scool. My bevieed to dys rencedcocsi, and catnlogues had.~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~~hify e The verytfu imortatColcto of the late Joh omais, s. Emsrso. tao.ehe .NESSRS. CHRISTIE and MANSON respevtffnlly Llgive notice, that theY will SELL by AUCTION , at their great Room, Iing-street. St. James'ssqure on F ednesday May 23 1.n aolwn dasi, foloin dasI a precisely , yodro the Executors,shd POTRE the wholeNof oaendRK f R PITNIMIETSof that welhowiugelyofaart,d Theme Ea-cm mrson, Frtsq., decesed Thlins clEction ofRA pictueas,ewic wopisoccup Italfia,sphed Fpictues, Dutgwhch, anFrenc schols anof thearitsmos ompratho igherst cslass;aner choic cabinet ofsetauntiqulegaid o molmpengrio,aved giems cupts riin coloci fod wichaghe waof elquisitedwr, Amfine assemblagehefofllowing andl Frenh borons,-is Oruienta,Deseand inco Jevruaem.porelain,radveryPrinessebonyoabnt adEt smaller cabnets,and Iables of mrarLawete'se, Cell an JsivoycieFec lcs, and mameo Gbo:Bny oelthe Cbeetsn of Quertu alsozabsmall cnhoicelibrary o bookshel ; nredlSatigto ardt, books o print Bancode Fengrvigs Mulaye bhe Dower threey TebuTifu Works ofithe lactuesb J.h Ho.lns Esrne, AR.A.,tghe 1~IfESRS.CHRISIE ad MASOZN respectfully iVi. gve ot ce ha thy wll ELLbyAUCTION, at their great at pecsey, hebeutfulfiisedPITUREaNd DRAWINGS ro an ANingsChnJa, MPE EletSrofthathigly-alente andacom phht rutist boy Hoessrs. Lameqr, toA. dEcebyAsed;ON oosn the sinefinished. picture;w Among whic are somte of thet artstSmEeHOim poRtNITUwRks adisplaEingSthatmpriofsentimen,aleogance ofabian,pasiti-on,antrc bdtepth of eaolouefo whdich hengd assoceeratdro, rAmobg themarethe folowings well-known workco,rsetisaoueiu dawnd suituesoi tabret, cexhibted atnsthe Roables Acadgem cimneyS Tlassos Rcirting his- Jerusalem.ndeliveReto P.J.Friness Leoneorad, Gte;Julietan County Pail atFrir Lwrece' Cel* Jssia ad Lunilt Go8 o at D HUEn venuo Cllin 'QeenEhizbeth RnghtngfIr ioancl rak ;u thdeaPl Royl Aadey. lsoan ntresingporraiaoft Le,rsA ande ar few the captalporrait, sme rawigs n cwterclor from ceaebraedpica oer untures,egrvngs,Italanbooks raonfart,s ander thesainingma tEriaS,opriion aecoapieitalFench layd miureneeral easelts. n sm 1~irESSRS. CHRISTIEan:.d SANSONv reSpEcfLLby AUCT IvnOtice, tat theyr willmsEL by3 AUCd-tIONt, nat thei grati Rhoom.5 ITin-street, St.U Jfor12spon SturaUy,Ma 24, eTWO insetrnpURtNITUandcampitlWORg oflnJt-tre and TrNseRoo RA th pro-m paiertyso hia noblglaneZ decsdyi., maToakydiing routmthandhir,and Theis Soeashoe pantedasy theis befstapeio and happlstl meanner of ings Chia Jrs, tecto-pated Ware, s&wihcb.. i1ESSRS. HAMMHAND and ESOANT arel SELLonLeltrut. by oreer srs.h Laecbtrt tofh SqeL byh AUTowN, on. the PremSes.UTo-orw ApVRSIlO25 atpe1t, onthedexcellenofthOUSEH~OLD ofURNmiTURed aomnd.EFFEdTS, copising3 meahogand6y,eAabin andth Saggonf couche2s, charsei morocco, Reucewod drawiTnguites and tabaret3.cEn.Threean cosoer Cetablens,oliargedhimneyAglasses,curains, car- beviewedn the day portaeDedigadtonn of 0 salue, olandscataLoguesohad on~~~~~~~~~~~t the prmssSfMsssuantan o,Cahmroad;e2Is and o the uctineer, 2, Chncer-lae. Te vey dstirabe, Vhiltes oi- denc,owit SemtnivdetgachdResden;nc.s,tonb LretwiholmdiCtate% plosse. */IESSRS.'lH AAMMO SDand SION R wll SELL b Mlb AUCTION', at the Mary t.aOniondayn, IApwril2,t1, HoUSEiay Mand S9C at3fr4ind TWotDWEIGHG HM.OUSD adOininGE,inearthe P tonroad, Eancst Grenwich tonsogetherofucthe valuen of 4 180s.per annumed fror ulears aret onl 35s geroaiund rendt.oFullspartitallyarsdofveslrs Hiounslowd Antdon,lesoliciors the Cannon-sredet,ciy atthoyMarsata arond a thenaut of nde ffcs 28,uin Cancrrytane.Vpranu.Pr taituals Mode Furnditure, nobsle mlassbes Pianoforteys pioft tevr daycri' sl,athRalwon,decoative item and Notumberousneffecs.Inbe woth;AUCTIOn,y Patrteir Rooms, so3,icitord-Islisorth, neasrsth Pas. thandlae To-miorrow7, latrat 1 o r1ountally, thear capotll mEdemsli FUirNIyUrs, cseomrisnt anttreadrhwoddaigro chair,uoabeSts,cox uches ndeasyrchais table Wofdlevery adjind'inlaihd caieshmneyglasses,tc msaheogan dirinng Groomane lbrr chisM ocES,Sand eaychis pedeSta and eONcwlose StELLS ay nobeCsTIOfdNingt tabes Ralf,ay Sftatiseveral Ismalewr sts, book-cxasy, Arabian, atfour-pon, an msecodar edste Ieadso LANDhangoings,gwthbed daniongcmlt,wne and prud laiwn waredrnobsedrws, conaiahsgtanc34p, drtessvinglabls, glassesctly echimnedy walass dcoraerve vitems,oiacapita douee-s;eatdbracnga tham andvsetof hrness,eentitehen requisitesande numerousiffets. t ay bhe viaeodewedonrthurda athnd mominuteof sale,o fandeetaliogneshad. dapoC~;t Z,heeaubelt ofaluableneversion toboey deinhthel Funds, Wodandst aMaorntgage Debt -orESSRn . tpigGovENHailaMtain atcur anddSONS ndlltELLnb ofslema AUTIN hat the AuctrionMrtot,ho Tsday ofslay1 at 12, Raiwa Sttonelt byn arde NofrtheuExecutod rmsofnth slaewJorhn hos 'req. thooe CasOlUTaern,REicRSond exectnty oanethe deceaseofictor, Isurvivort ond two marred, women, qaged Gre ctvly 9year and 18 ye ars,tiontees SMesofs Ad,818 a.d Three psewrTeth.ReudBa Anitsad Reesonty taea Mortgagtuesb ofd Draing,bytcue modenlandsstinth Lrincol shr,oh mplet vaf e andc th e -uraneverso to the Sumrob£22 I,r S cios,Gane tam binRooms, re; OfdMess-rs.tWoodand Dhumpstaert,soi citors,aShIp-street, preighto;yo Mr.n W S. Tayluor solicitor,s2, Johnuetr-ent,oBedford-o,todn;a teActo as;an tMess Oeana' ofcs 18,axfrd esee , nA.rtHe A Panteon. eshl eideaced Resden es,adFehl Cotstoes,re. 33 De F~~leuryVo A.sJorhesCounty. cer CTil AUCION r.th AR.Aila Sttone In,lWerhbobFidy Ma ,a3fr,i lets,Fo IVGH FREEHOLDt COTTAGEs,neaCth Cros Iances vinn,eHdutso d- y prouing. arnt eaofg4u er annum three newly-bueeimltFeeo.aldeCottages w,nerthe25Fair Fielnd,H so of £1enernanum and Kel'om,two sUbstnITiall andwEll_ ~~roducing a rentsbengprlibiedon groud ret o £5.and rodcingaretalo fu£2pranntum. Pfaar-o ticilrsau codiios f slema b hd 1 dysprer o heda o Catloges aonvte pReomse,anofteucier,Rhse-ow .13. theaboe Roms THIS DAY, April24, at II fo12rciel'the genuin an modrno HOUSEHlOL F oNTrE n fe * comrisig drwingroom mit in roeoDanwlutre,cvr secreto~book-cse, wigede and the w ardoe, wiheaegls or mahiotgrany sieordwt paegassbak,g.arble-to BrawoodB=usls and Riddesrminster carpets h andemefour.pot -y *jarannd sowe bath, fendersTr-s, , n iueu.te-effeets._ ha tthom.d ai o (. .o nautonef ard esat get 20 oogte-street, city an ,Cmmrihpae,O dtntrrd Draunston, Nort,amptoon,~-Ve aude i oabeeFmiyR ei nc Bantnonn~1,1 Thrdy May I,at-5 1in the *a ari a, beoslydipoe of byPiaeCtract), subGject t O such conditiOn7-. AL hat s=batially.built ~afd c~Omuodious Fre-- tanks, -dairy, pantres, laundry,j~ -udrondceliaz atw-elbgt' writh a close ofg;rih pas-ture nnd djoniLng and caetin tol-' gether- abu five acres; the whole in the .uair ftepo prieItor, H. Byaner Re.,wh s eaigthea adoinin the trpike-oad thremle, rmDeIt, iut hood of the betRaneo the.tbe u~adwti ec fLr. with. Apart of thejiuchasemoney maofremai urset n mmdaepsesinnl egvea~eo h i CeA ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~T iw p t Pall-malL-Dresden, Berlin. Copenhagen, _edgowoed, and oth,r China, Bronzes, Clocks, vories, T ;.-Now on view 1LrESRS FOTERandSON will SELL by- AUd-_ TION. at the Galler 5I. Pall-nimall, THIS DAY. April24. at 1, a COLLECTIONof cunOus CHINA. imported from Copenhiagen, including groupeswcnudelabra, large vases, de5euners, anuf-hbxes good specime of wedgewood waze, clock carings, and curiosities.- unvewI. and catalogues had at s£ PaU-malL Pallml-Collecton of Picures, of the tll,Flms, n Egs - - achooIh.-Now on view. 4ESSRS. IFOSTER' and SON will SELL by LAUCTION. atthe Gallery All-m°MillTo-morrow,April 2s,' at 1 precisely, a COLLECTfION of ancient and modern PItCs'URES irr luding a portion of the olection of the late Bishop of Rochester. In this sale ivill be found. some very interesting . orks vta specimens of Velasquez Gurcrdno Ssa3s Sir P. Iely Zurburan Albano lteinbrandt Opie I,. Cara,cci Wonvermans Victor Btamsay Domenlchino BRnedael James Do Loutherbonrg pMaybLnevedfand catalogue6 had at Messrs.oster's offlces, 54, ]lond-etreet.Seecoud and select Portion of the imnportation of Au- busson Carpets.-On view This Day, To-morrow, and Thursday. ESSRS. FOSTER and SON wil BELL by AUC- A O, at the Booms, No. 21, Old Bond-streef. To-morrow. April 25. and following day, at 1. the costly AUBUSSON and DRtESS CARPETS, about 60 in number and varying in size, sutable to a drawingrcom or boudoir-, The graceful desgns and harmonious blendingofcoloursfuthe3e carpets is remarkable, and they are adapted a sld,r and fit isth sietonoten8tihon6osf thEe eowvnear tPo conduct this auction on the same basis. There wiLl be also some beautiful portieres, tapestries. ofra covers, doc. On view, and catalogues had of Mtessrs. Foster, 54, Pall-mall. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~al Pictures and Water-colour Drawinge of the ifrot clas. 1I,UESSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed to SELL Ji'Jjby AUCTI03b, at the Gallery, 54. PaI-mall, on Aednesday Ca ndermo Davidda aobetetoeyeachday,achoice an. PICTURtES of the English school, selected with mush judgmen t and reat knowledge of art by an amateur, resident in the north The drawrings, which will ho sold on lVednesday, April 30, include high qualltyspecisens of- Barrett GoodaUl, AJt.A. Pickersgill, A.B.A. Cattermolo EvAans David Boberte, it.A, CaUcott Stanfield, B.A.. uller Chalon Chambers HenryWilliams Corbould Poole, A.R.A. Redgrave. BLA. Calow Chas. Landseer,A.B.A. Sir D.Wlhkia Christall D. M\aclie, BA.. John Linise Frost, A.R.A. Turner, RBA. J. D. Hiarding. Tne pictures will be sold on Thursday, May l, including an important Work by Creswick, BA.., exhibited at the Royal Academy, 1854; several by Etty, BA., and Danby, A.R.A.; a large aud valuable example, an English Ftomestead, by Come from Mr. Carpentews collection; the large Work by Stothad from the Decamerone; and truly fine pictures by- Eterbert, B.A. Frith, I.A. Lesle, RA. 3Lauce S. Cooper,A.B.A. CaUcott, R'A. tuller WVebster, B.. Sir C. Eastlake. F.R.A. And of many other distinguished masters of the British schooL Puble viewv two days prior. Italian and Dutch Pictures of great impertance. M -ESSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed to SELL LL by AUCTION, at the Gallery 54, Poll-mall, en Wednesday, may 7. at 1 precisely, a COLLECTI:OV of, ITalI-a, SpnWdiesh,dutc, and Flemish PICTURES, of the highest quality, formed during past yearsnwith maturo judgment from celebrated gaUeries and cabinetsamong many deserving of particular enumeration may be noticedJupiter and Autiope by Vandyck, and several other important *vorks from the Earl of Coventry's colection; a Landscape and Figures, by Philip Wouvermans;H oly Family, Parmegiano; and a Lion c funt by Rubens, from the coLection of Sir'Thomas Baring; Portrait of Rubens's Wife and Child, by Rubons. from Lord SomerviPe's collection; a Landsa Waterloo; a fine fMetzu, from Ar. Lake's cabinet * a Landscape audWaterfap, be-Ruysdael; Holy Family, Andrca delSarto ; Biromaster and lbis dy, byTerburg; and important specimens of the followng greatmasters:- 3Muilo W. Vandervelde Cuyp Both Giorgione A. Vandervelde P. Mieris Schalken A. del Sarto . Wouvermans Vandemeer lVatteau Parmegiano EglonVauderneer Backhuysen R. Wilson May be pubely viewved two days prior. Catalogues will be forwarded on application to Messrs. Foster, 54. Pa-mall. 3In Chancery.-Collection of Ancient Pictures, removed from Chelsen- ham.- iMESSRS. FOSTER and SON will (under an order of the Vice-Chancellor) SELL by AUCTION, at the Galery 54, Pall-mall. on lYednesday, May 14, at l, a COLLECTION of abouit 49 PICTURES, including two tine oxamples of Mieris, a capital Morn land, two good picturesby Dirk Van Berghem, a fine portrait by Sir Joshua Reynolds, and specimens of- Wouvermans Morland Moucheron Roos Palamedes Rubens Cuyp Ferg Wilson C. Delco Domenishino Do Keogh. To which wi be added the folUowing fine works, the property of a clergyman:-An upright Landscape, by J. and A. Booth; a Landscape, J. Ruysdael- Shipping piece, Backhuysen; landsape, Pynacker, exhibited at the Britsih Lnstitution; a, Landscpe, A. Cuyp, from Dr. Fletcher's Colection, mentioned by Smith: a Landscape and Figures, by .N. Berghem; and other exeellent pictures. Onview two days prior, andeatalogues had of Messrs. Foster, o4, Pall-mall. Od Bond-street.-Household Furniture, Pianoforte, Bagatelle Board, Double Brougbam. &c., removed from the country. M~jESSRS. FOSTE R and SON wvill SELL by AU C- 11.TI03g, at the Rooms, 21, Old Bond-street, on Wednesday April 30, at 12 fior 1, about 100 lots, the remaining HtOUSEHEOLD PlWR3NITUBE of a gentleusan removing into the country, including TPurkey carpets, wansirobes, 12 dining room chairs in lsather, dinner wvaggon, mahogany French bedstead, good bedding, a piccolo pianoforte by Wornum, a double brougham, chaff-cutting machine, do. On view one day prier, and catalogues had of Mtessrs. Foster, 54, Pall-mall. Thurloe-plaoe, Brompton.-The nearly Ne, and Modern Furniture of the late Sirs. Ellis. M ESSRS FOSTER and SON wM SELL by AUC TION, on the Premises, No. 8, Thurloc-place, on Wednesday May 14, at 12 for 1, the neasly newv and well-manufactured HOUSE HOLD FURNITURE, including a mahogany Parisian bedstead, wvith cerise sil hangings, and curtains for two windows, a 7-feet mahogany wardrobe, with pancl of plate-glass, and other equally good bed room effects, velvet pile carpet, several chimney, pier, andconsole glasses, and tables richly gilt, polished steel fenders, glass chandedler for six lights, cloth curshins for dining room, a 6-feet mahogany pedestal sideboard, vith looking glass baek, extending dining table, 12 dining room chairs in leather, sofaE and easy chairs, serices of china, at engraved table glass; and a dl-ocinvo cottage pianoforte by Brmnamead, inaavedSwanut case. The effects arehandsome,nearlyno , and adapted for a cottage. MEay be view ed, wsith the rest of the effects, by catalogues only, on Friday, 9th, and publicly at Pall-mali, on Tuesday. 13th. Catalogues, Is. each, at 54, Pail-malU. Pall-maUl.--Ornamental China, Decorative Furnture, and Objects6of M [ESSRS. FOSTsTERf andi SO ares dI3 etehose. from Thurloe-place, Brompton, and SELL by AUCTION, at the GaUery. 54, Pall-mall, on Friday, Mfay 1C, at 1, the DECORATIVE FURNIT URE, china, &c. comprising a tulipiwoodconsole surmounted by a magnificent Stvres clock, decorated with medallon portraits of thebeautiesof Louis XIV. abunhl tableand jardiniere,purchasedin the Exlubition of 185;i. a tsiipwood and Sovres casket on stand, a pair of buhl cabinets, boudoir table, four pair of nearly new crimson satin damask: window curtains and gilt cornices, gilt sofa, 13 chairs and fautenih to mateh, Dresden china groups, candiestick?s,mirrors, djefiuers, inlstands, a dessert service of baskets, dishes and 24 perforated plates, candelabra and candlesticks. and a great variety of Parisiaornaments. May be viewed by catalogues only on the premises, onFriday, 9th, aud publicly at Pal-mall, on tl:e 14th and 1lth. Pall-mal.-The Casket of Jewvels and'Trinkets of the late Mrs. Ellis. M ESSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed to SELL by AUCTION, at the Gallery, 5 Pall-mall. on Thurs. day, Man5, at 12 for 1, tho JEWELLEt, chlefly mauufactured by 1es6s. 21unt and Roskell for the iate irs. Ellis; including a row of Oriental pearls, briiant Sevigne brooch and pair of ear-rings, a set of eight brilliant dress buttons and pair of ear-riegs, tvo sets of dress rings vith large and fine sapphires, rubies, and opals, a pair of superb emerald ear-rngs, a loeket watch vith circle of briliants, fashionable elastic briliant braoelet, a garnet and brilliant ball pause. The jeweeUiy is of the most mederu kini, manufactured by the eminent firn Bond-street, and is remarkable for the briliancy and be.uty of the diamonds and the taste and exceUence of the worlakanship. Also a silver-gilt cabaret breakfast service. May be seen, with the otier effects of the late Mrs. Ellis, at Thurloc-place, on iMonday, the 12th May, and may be viewed at the Gallery 54, PralUmall two days before the sale, wvhen catalogues may be haa at the ofices, 54, Pall-mall. Pall-inall.-Indiau. aud Lace Shawls of the late Irs. Elis. 1iESSRS. FOSTER and SON will SELL by AUC- lTION at the Galery, 54, Pall-mall, on Thursday, May 15 TWO INDIAAN SihWLS, a large lace shawl, a set of lace fdounces and a sable tippet. On ioiew two days prior, and catalogues had at 4, Palmall. Pall-mall-Fashionable Jewels and Bijouterie, 70 Gold Watche6.-By direction of the Asi ocr under a commission of Bankruptcy. El ESSRS. FOSTER and SON will SELL by AUC. M23 TION, at the Gallery. 5L, Pall-mal3 on Tuesday, June 3, at 12, the selected and most valuable PORTIOR of the modem STOCK of .TEWELLEBY, including a brilliant drop brooch and sud, bracelet of brilliants and opals, brilliant lockets and crosses, gold neck chains, chatelainesr necllettes. pins, rings, buttons, and studs set with bril. liants, rubies, emeralds. turquoises, pearls, and opals, 70 gold duplex lever, and horizontal -watches, a gold minute repeater, a chronometer, andmiscelanies. Catalogues will be had of Messrs. Taylor, Collisson, and Woodvard, solicitors, 28, Great James-street, Bedford-row; of H.' H. Caunon, Esq., official assignee, 18, ifdermanbiny; and. ab Messrs. Foser and Son's, 54, Pall-mall Important Drawings by Turner, also an unise CoUlection Of Engrav- -ings from hislWorks, and some very choice English Pictures and Drawingsa the property of John Dill-n; Esq., removing from his resi. dence at dre don. iESSS.t FOSTER and SON have received instrac. sPT t-ions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Gallery. 54, Pall-mal, on aturday, June 7, at 1 precisely, DBRAWINGS by Turner, comprising some of his most coveted and precious productions, including-The Junction of the Greta and Tees, engraved in the Yorkshire; the Pyramids. and Nazareth, engraved in Finden's Bible Iustrations; Old London-bridge, engraved by Goodall; Florence, engravedin Hakewelsy Italy; Plymoutb, with Effect of a Rainbow, engraved by Lupton; Saumur aiidNafites, each engraved in Turner's Rivers; Llanvrst on the Conway, from Sir John Pilkington's Collection; the Hospice of St. Bernard, with Pondl Sketches by Lansden andStodhart. The engrayings are in matchless condition, and include, it is believed, a complete collection of the works of this great artist, in the very earlest states of the plates, with variations, touched proofs, etchings, ac. : tho series of England and Wales, the Southern Coast, the Yorkshire, ProvincialAn. tiquities, d., are of unrivalled beauty. Also a few fine English Pictures by Etty, Pr^ank Stone. Sydney Cooper, Solomen, HollTAand, ac.Mfay be pubbely viewe otwo days prior, when catalogueas may be bed of MIessrs. Fester and Son, 51, Pail-mall. - Freehold Houses and Shops, inl he city of London, let on leases. 1ESSRS. FOSTER and SON Will SELL by AUC. MJJ. TION, at the Auction Mart. on Tuesday, May 20 at 12 in two lots, the following desirable FREEaOLD PEOPERtTiES, viz,:-A most subetantial House and Shop, No. 46, on the north side of Skinnerstreet, in the city of London; let on lease to and in the occupation of essrs. Bubrer, for atorm of -years. Lot 2. SA substantial}fouse and Shop, at the back of the former lot, andbeing No. 3, Snowhbil- let on lease to, andin the occupation of, Messrs. Webb, for a term of-years There houses present excelent investments and produce a wll-secued income Of £200 per annum. Mfay ho viewed bypermianJon of_~the tenants; hand parSticultars hbaedat tRhmaeMart; ofde M essrs. Grrar an and Son, 5t, Psll-mali. Two miles from Biighton.-The Ovmgdesn IFainte, all Freehold and free of land-tax; consisting of a capital Mansion, and a Farm of 350 acres, together wfith the M'.anor of lEighten Calefe. 33rESSRS. FOSTERB and SON- are directed to .LLaanounce for SALE by AUCTiONS, on Tuesday, the 20th day of Mlay, at 12 o'clock lunless previously disposed of by Drivat.e contract) the OVINGDExAN ESTSATE, ranther less than twvo miles from kemp-towin, end formerly the pmperty and. rest. denco of ANathaniel Kemp, Esq., consisting of a capila farmnof about tSidacres ofarable,meadowv, aud pasturelandv, withfann ottage and other cettages, farm yard. andhaU appropriate agricultural buildings, together with Ovindesn-house, a capital residence, with detached oflces, stiabres, coach-houses crriage yard, pleasure grounds, plantations, walled paddock, kitchen garden, greenhouse, and melon ground. The farm is let on lease tolMr. Steyning Beard, at £m30 per annum *tbo mansionand grounds are let on leas to John Vibart, q at £260 per annum. The situation is singularly healthy, the irland andmarm o views are extensive and beautiful, the lands carry a good flock of sheep al the year, and the proximaity to Bri-hton must ever give anim. p ortance to this estate. Particulars may be had of Mtessrs. Hfopgood, solicitors, King WildEasn-street, Strand: and of Mlessrs. Foster and Son. 5i, Pall-mall,wboareauthoizd totreatorthesaleby privatecontract. Pall-mal.-The Foxley Pictures. MIrESSRS.FOSTER and SON,having sold theestate, .3 are directed by Sir Robert Price, Bart. ALP., to SELL by AUCTION at the Galery. - , Pall-mall on WVednesday, 1th of June the FOKLI Y COLLECTION ot Pi- T1krES, including 14 fine works which wero exhibited at the Bf.tish Institution in the years 1837, 1833, 1S39, andlS46, viz.. the Battle between Alexanaer and Poruns an impbrtantworkbyN. Berghem, andItwo'other'pictures by the same reaster, Portrait of Old Parr by Bubens; two Landscapes, by Buys-. dael ,Storn at-Sea, W. Vandervelde; Landscape, I duJardinPoriraitsoftheCondeoDucD'Olivare,andtbeBrother of Philip IV. of-Spasi,by Velasquez; apsiu of smal Iandscapes,Rembrandt:liHeadofi aMonk, Titian: a pair, by P. dela Vechia; and Holy Family, Campidoglio; and specimens of Zucch ardli Poussin Claude B Both Schledoffe S. RoBae Parmegiano Knuf' Panini Mfola Orizonti Sir G.Beamont. - QO view two days prior, and catalogues had of Messrs. Fo ster and Son, 54, Pall-mall. Freehold Ground Rents £572 per annu, ot the Paddington Estate. ESSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed to SELL. W E- b 'AUCTION. at the- art, on Tuesday, 31ay 20, at12,in 18lots, FRBEIIOLD-GROUVD RENTS,- amounting to £572 per annmm abundantly-ecured on 22 capital residences in Norfolk-square, and three houses and shop e in Cambridge-vlace ; also some extensive d %tblngnthd north ei of Norfolh-square. A small portion of the property sleaseheld, renewrable for ever at a peppercorn rent andfine_ of 20s., being in effect qite equal in-l to the freehold. Particulars mnaybe had, 14 days before the sale, attheM arb*; of Messrs Blunt and fhadwDl, solicitors, 13, -Astn ria - and-of fMessrs. Foster, 54,- Qalit-oourt-.Chncery-lane.-Water olour Drawings and Oil Paint- ings, a Service of ebegant Silver Plate, aeo l SSRS. PRICE and CLARK will SELL byAUC.- 1 Z TION, t thieir Rooma as aboe,To-moro, pril 23, at 12 for , unmder tha directiono£the¢Court of Chancep, and otherwise, a COL- LiECTION of WATER-COLOU DRA-WaGS, oil aintings bgold mastrs, 500 ouinces of plate, in spoons, forks dc., plated items, and anicelaneons effects. May be viewredon Thursa and the mornn n of isle, and catalges had at tbe oems, 48, Cha;cerla FxcellenVtmodem Furniture, 'A Cottage Tl&noforte, Chimney an:l Pier Glasses, Services of Chinm andl Glass, and Mscellaneoa' Objects: removed from the Pantechaieon and vasious privatey- BM. USB[WORTH and JAR.VIS wfilSELL Ito.sayiie-row. on Tuesley, Bnaoeodand mahogany, con3oles ceants-rkVlable svcejadrichol cutoplats, and LtheCrowlutnEstactb- ibleforinve.trnent or occupaLtion, comprising eight Residenres, in Cuimberland-b.lace, Chester-terrace, Chegter-place-, Park-sqare west, and Braaxwick-place; an Improved Grouad Rent; a Pblchous,i Upper Aroany-Btreet ; and an extensive range of Stabliing, Chester-mews--being a Portion of the London, estates of the lateWmn. Mountford Nurse. Faq.. MESSR-S. RUSHWVORTH and JARVIS aye mdirectedby theTruste-s under the WilitoSELL byAUCTION.. atGarraway's. on Friday. azy 2 at3_0~in I4lots, a capital r"AxTLY REsIDENCE. delightfull aitnaaie No.], Cnimberland-place, ltegent?epark wit-h stabling, on lease to J. P. Fearon, Req. ; a similar residence, Euit'bie for the immediate occupation of a large family, situate No. 4, Camberland-place, with stabling, in hand; Yo. 7. Chester-terrace, with etabling, on lease to Sir Edwin Pearsin; No. S, Chesterterraoe, with otabling, on lease to 0. Charrington, Esq.; Nlo. 10, Chester-place let to Mra. Coleridge: No. 12, Chiester-place, let to Mms Deffell ; the Plrince George public-house, in Upper Albanystreet, onx lease to Mlr. Cornewell; an extensive range of stabling in Cheater-mews, forming three lots; an inmproved ground rent. secured up,on stablingin Cheater-mews; animnprovzedgroundrTent,securedupjon No. 1, Camberland-terrace ; a capital residence, Io 12. Park-square west, withstabling,oecupiedbyW. Williams,6 Req., M.P., withipossession at Midsummer ; a compact residence, No. 2, Bnunswiek-placo, op- unepird trm vayin frm ~0 o 7 y ar,a ground et.Myb Second Plortion of the important Collection Of beautiu Sculptures and other valuable Works in marble, bronze, stone. terra cotta, an eixtensive TalietV' Of marble chimney-pieces of Italian, French, and Elizabethan desgnS, choice seImens Of scagliola, &c., of Messrs. Browno and Co., at their Galleries in University-street, byv whoee direction 1ESSRS. RUSHWORTHE andl JARVIS will SELL AU,tb AUJCTION' at th e Gall eries, in Universi ty-styeet, near Fi tzroysquare,. on Tuesfiay.May 6.andfoliowingdfayiinconsequeuiceof thepremises havinigbeen disposed of), thevery celebmatedcoliedtion of 501311TUBRES, in marble, including classical figures, groups, vases, therms, paderetals and fountains,valuable bronzes, aumerouschinmey-piereesof the miust approved designs in Italian, French, English, and other marbles, mmyfMhrbatfU-.,Wtrebfrtrtatssas:Dg n Pedestals, candelabra, mosaics, piietra dura, and marble slabs and variouis works in scagliola, for 'which this establishiment has been so long famous. The stork will he arranged in lots, suitable for the docoration of saloons, hails, corridors, terraces, gardens, and pleasure grounds ofthe nobilty and gentry. Catalogues willbe ready four days prior to the sale, and may be had on the premises; and of Mlessrs Rushworth 2adJarvis. Savile-row, Begent-sireer.. and 19. Change-alley, CorahilL. Thethird sale will tale place on the 3d and 4th of June. Highly valuable L,easehold Pr ry on he -Crown Esta_te, comprisking 11 Houses with Shops, in a' gAWilliarn-street and Chandos-street, Charing-cross, well tenanted; and an iinrovsd Ground Rent of £240 a lear, amply secured on NYos. 7 and S. St. Marthi's-place, near Tra-- falgar-square. ESSRS. RUSIHWORTH ancl JARVYIS are M Edirected by the Trustees under the Will of the late WTilliam Mouintford Nurse, Esq., to announce for SA-LE by AUCTION, at Garraway's Coffeehouse, on Friday. Mray the 16thi, at 1.2 o'clock-, in 31 lots, valuable LEAsEHoLD PROPERTY, com-. prising the Lowther Booms, nowv k-nown as the Polygraphic Hall. and used as a theatre by Mr. Woodin, in lila popular enter-tainments: and Noa. 20, 22, 23, 24, 25. and 28, King William-street; ani Nos. 12, 14, 15. 1G, and 17, Chaindos-street, in the vicinity of Trafalgar-square, Charng-cross; held for long terms at ground rents, and occupied by old and respectable tenants-forming most desirable investments. Also an improved Ground Bent of £240 per annum for 75 years amply secured upon the very spacidus premises. Nos. 7C audS, St. Martin's-place, near hi. Martin's Church, andc two shops in Chandosstreet, adjoinnMay be viewred with permission of the tenants, and particlar h.c at Garraways; of B. Bannister, Esq., solicitor, 13, John-street, Beodford-row;, and at the offices of Memrsr. Rushworth and Jarvis. Savile-row, Regent-street, and 19, Change-alley, Corahill Rezent-street -nimott Leasehold Investment, comprising two eTegant sp~acous Shops, situate No. 307, Regent-street, with the Promises above, occupied by the Cavendish Club, and the great Theatre in th rear, let to the Rtoyal Polytechnin Institution, theo w-hole producing an annural rental of £5412, and held frm the Duke -of Plortland, at a small ground rent. MIE SSRS. RUSHWORTH and( JARVIS are directed by the Trustees under the WTill of the lateNWilliam Mountford Nurse, Esq., to announce for SALE by AUCTION, at Garrairay's Coffeehonse, on Friday, May the 16th. at 12 o'clock. in one lot, the noble and meat substantial EDIFICE, No, 307, Regent-street, adjoining the Royal Polytechnic InstituLtion. Thegroundiloor comprises two spacious ana elegant shops andlibrary, and the remainder of thebuilding forms arsplendid litemry institution, auca club-housre, including lofty reading rooms, libraries, billard room, and other apartments, let onliease at the very low rent of £C400 per annum, and a fine of.9590. parable every seven year on renewing the lease. The theatre is too well known to needl description, it is sitaate in the rear of the p receding, and is let to the Royal Polyteelhuic institutionfor the whole term, at an annual rent of £442. The property in held of the Dilue of Plortland for tS years, att the verylow grounid rent of £60O per annum, precentiog an investment of the first class. May be viewred with permisso ofth tenants, and printed particulars ha at Garrawray's ; of B. Bannister. E-sc., solicitor, 13, John-stret, Bedford-row; and of Mess:rs. Rushworth and Jarvis, Saville-row, Regentstreet; and 19, Change-alley, Cornhill. Upper MNarylebone-street.-LTeasehsold Residence ihwrsosi the rear, suitable for a cabinetmak-er or any lIgh auatrn business : held for 11 years, at a ground rentofnl O.peanum, with possession. MAESSRS. RUSIIWORTH1 and JARVIS wilSELL JiLby AUCTION,. at the MAart, on Friday, June 6. at 12. the compact LEASEHOILD BUSINESS PREMISES and RIESIEDENCE, dosirably sitiuate, No. 5. Upper Marylebone-street, a fewi doors frm. Howlad-street. The homse Is convenientiy arranged for a family, has prvat entanc a apitl sop xteding the whole depth. withparlur eyon. itcomunictes iththe light workshoPs of two loos ad lft,als a ardbelw, ithdry stowage for goods, fromwhih ae stps or orluen o acen toeach floor of the worlshop. Ma beviewd dily,andprined articulars had at the hurt; f Meses. B an So, soestor, 1 Staple-inn; andI of Messs. uslvosti ad Jrvis Saill-row Reentstret, and 10, Ieaselsola F.tate, at Bromptou. MjESSPRS. D. S. BAERY and SONT will SELL by JiLAUCTION', at the Mart, on Frziday, May 9, at 1.2, a compact LEIASEHOLD) PROPERTY, consisting of three gentteel residenoes Broptn.ThIONuattesbaretgoodrepdar ell9tenanted1, anodproduf th.Mretgag of£1 pner annm Thwey are she. Tor Eandsoelypiredtermo ne arlyckOtearrat ron egrae-tsofd £6Pero annu caussh.aye bofvaesed bypeaveof h ther respctiv teant,adpriclrla,14dy rot at igtheAcionvMartm; and ofRessrs.ces S.r Bmakeroan Son 107,iUhper j¶ESSRS. D). S. BAKER aild SON iT SreL byece OION at the Mart , on Friday, May 9, at 1 2, ilal byR EOrdero ZThe M ortsgeeofundr a powrdof sle,dR handsomithvaely firdnishe TOWsntRSDNElwtyotcoetacs situate, Nos. 1,2 84 aihlra.Ns ,92 , and 4 10,gWsnvick ,an o. n 2 et-terrac%i egaera,Pmio h hdsouses re fad,en- igbr.D rande longall ehoelads pt for inethen o f cuain ArESeRtabe amlis, AnK{ u ianthe im ediastorehuctedoo Sf" ELLresur and AUTOthe fashinbe lakocalitiesy,afr Maygo op-t12 pWortnto txchet pFroftbeiNve,Tastmpentaof capitualtheyNs arehedfor longh uneopiedVterms,a moderate ground theents,andac etD imatedto Son.107 Upe-tet,vlnen eligibe. Ineaotmenisn Rstidt yftenes for ocpthon atcomrewionotam ESSRS. P. S BAKER andfoN re diurec bted iL b theMoriggees Bunldersandpowherofsal.toSLbyAC TIONatth Mar, onFridy, MyO, Wte12nasdlay,e LASEHOLtD11 leaanly itat No. , 2 3 4 Maishalrod, Nos,23 and Gar wihna ToINuDTes'wak f terila stEtio at LewTION, Ket. Theproery hed or ah longy unexire ater at ( moderaev grounl od yrevntal oftewoletis£3 pher LAnnum Maybe vODIedbyLeav of thFEE tenants,andUpartcuarsehd, 14e Pedaysapiorttesal, S.Lofard. Hughe, and0Cotton, solicitorse,1. Koing's eclln Ars-ard,e;olratesteet'ears;eth Mart; aondion of Mssrslf m,ayer hand Sf ohn, APpner-ast, Isiingt3n, CoeHlghbuCo.uDesrcaiel-ong Leateos forrawnves;ent or occupactionee, otl.Splce BomrilrAKE andSOear nsrute t AwHuC seON at theondMartnd Frxiday M a t12 TWOexelen H TRESIFENCER,ms pileaanl SELL t b oy AI andT 1, his-gRoovnills, 410Oxfrdgtre,efacngeth ent-qurane ToHIghbury ew-p2 r t esgen hone COTNSial ofite up fOrUtES acemommatfor cofna veienlemof sfalye adhs.godgre n oe or;bt r let mN.,aLostrspcab-leatenat, oin leSe, bu&T immedi~atedosserssina be- ha ofs onleRofohm ifdsired,t hel two produceAY rnalo £205l per annum,yandareohyeldparto nexerusd sterm0ass, Tvodbe owedsb permissiongofethetenats,adpriulrh 1 ay ro ote sale ois oa.f D ges, Req.,-woliior. 13b, I .Gresham-stree6 cityna the sauctiron Mathe Zand ibto of M s.D S.BakrandtuSen. 101' Uppeler-stre, andotgern -Efect%b. oderoftoe B_cuildmanotes 0I,rR.INDA IE)wil SELLLby aUthiON Roartse .LLParemies Karl y-roadh,Croyd,on, MondaWedAesdlay, Mat y atfor12re 10000 BRoAde PLANK,UReal, anrdBatng Boocards, prepareionaufne, and0 fter als etsofcrowniand,sheetbgaass,5,0 ichesfof perhangitsgof, half Tabtonso guttneringnais &.e- CgatalogeqBuseels o adtherpremiets,an ofthenl auctiner, Prlanbd-place,th Commer, bcil-od.iengwadoy. ,cesso Toraers. ando.solctords, dres, tbled.ord-rw aolt Garaa's;p an f h LinPortant Sale.-Hopo Foundry and Steam Engine Works, Barnham, Bucks, near M-aidenhuad. P C is instrucoted by the Proprietor j Mr J. Moreton) to SELL by A'UCTYON, on the P'remies Mafy 5th and 6th the whole of the valuable MACHINER.Y, slac intrade, and woricing plant, including fxve. first-rate steam engines, one with combined threshing and winnowing machine, four-horse power stenurboiler, four excellent iron lathes, patent chaffeutter for steam or horse power, all the fittings end tools of f6undry and smith's shops, and several other valuable effects, as will be described in catalogues, which. may bB had onL application to the auctioneer, Maidenhead, Decks, 2,000.000-of sound, well-made, fulfl-sired Stock, and other Bricks, the Wash, Chalk, and Pug Mill, prepared Brick E-arth, Soil-gravel, anid Iinplemleuts.-By ordLer of the Executers of Mr. Samuel Zrmsley7deceased, in lots without reserve I JIfR DtOOE wil SELL bY AUCTION, oatbo- Tremiz-esL. Globe-town Biickfield. Globe-road, ni-ar the Victoriapok,cntiguous to the Mile-nd and Cambridge-road Stations of the EsenCounties Railway and t'he Regent's Canal, THIS DAY, April 24, at H for 12, about 20OD0 600 of sound STOCKS, -washed Maims, Pickigs, avios, Sconds md therBrics, a -s-assh mill, chalk mill, andthrepa mils ithger, ll n god orkngorder.wheelbarrmws,- rTick ei''iarthuprt washbied, 50 mchturoe, soinpll, 1,000 s of oGilg, Ganyhoun, Chindeiyo Plass Tm-avets, neiar t heoweld Batthe auc- -Dial Glass and ChinaSEervices,MisceUllneousArticles, 350vols.Books, fineW~i2ts, and asmall quantity of very choice Madeira, 60 lrearja Vio-cellar or'the proprleter, and now in very high condition,-y -Mr. LAIBE; hi 60 Upper Berkeley-street, - Portman-suae, on Thursday-, -May 1, at-i -f or-12 precIsely, by order ot a lady, on account of the expiration of the lease. TECabiaiet7 Furfitu,e - which is of the best Lmaiufacure;comprising ;chabe furmituri, 'including two wardobis,-iewig rom uitein oreoodof tables, Chairs sofas,1 cbffnier-&ciniubaisinmroco, sdebard,ade toftbe, boocae,dine wggn BnMtecapes,widowcutans adahe asua effcts Theireestos ofthe u Leturae. h ndsle o AWest End Jeweller's Sto&k-Without resere. qi M1ESSRS. DEBENITAlN, STORR, andl SON ard dircte t SEL y ACroNWee.iea5veAply0 at 312 awbelI~ guArd.ndAlbertch s,m; rig,and brooches aeals, keyia_ imas butdomn s stIseciouastdoom shirt studs, axvM, *mihLoi sbaill, .Ever trinkectr, goalt xwonted vZips, s'tiks, go&idga i' pni 5atg, pperlinives, n orbdt andeffedctOnait tht y eio. Cataloet the iuso of aale% andof heuctonera ee,~t, Cve tgrea, An Lu rd ge nnm fullysecured for 41years. NI irctd- s. ~~ua~i,STORR, and SON are SdiLrec~ted l4, ath ExOwayrs,o the late Mr. Willijam 1litchis to SIMLbv ACT O. atGarrwWA,on Thursady. May 1, at 12. amDMPROVED RENT of £40 Per Jannum, for an unexpired term af. 41 years froM Ifidsuramer-day next, ar5Jing ou of adsecured upsee tho aialb ~ X.2 Albanuy-place, Cmeca-od Eat pefdmleir fth.er toena&ln, mpny Thepremiaesmaybeviewec6. tiuaaotie ofthtnak arolmuthles tanees np of Jame Jo n.Eaq.. solicitor, 5-7, Chanceary. lane; at Garraway' and of M VesmDebenlilam. Stol, and Son. auntioneers and ette agents, 26. King-street. Covent-garden. TIn Elgiu Armsttteern, l,Tbroke5 year ~JESSRS. GEoEndHRA, STR,ad O r mustructedt SD L byVALTTO.a arwa'.o hrd Mlay 1. at 12, tho ES n-GOWL faFE 'B,~, HOUSE. known as teEgnAu aen a-rk-od otn. room, 1-itchen, and etcsecellarage;hedfr9 avuexedat the moderate grund rent of:E50 peranu.Myb iwd'ar ticulaxs at Garrway's; of J. Biling. e.3,Rig and of the auctioneeMs Ring-street, Covngadn et CapdoIn nalmuptcy.-A cmatluLaeodEtt fFv oaaa Islingon inlt suit small captabsts. MESR. EBNH ,STRE, and SON r LIinstructed by the Assignees of Mr WVlllin Tinges to lSELL hia AU(,TIOX. at Garmraay's, on Thursday. MaY 1, at 12. in ilre lots, '7oz. 49,3031,3. and33, T. PAIL-SBEIie'i, w North-road, Ilingron Dartmfourtuiea pernu Reieachanaileto n atresecadible clau odtC freehod vith immeditte possession. MUESSRS. DEBENHIAM, STORR, and SON are. iLinstructedI to SELL by AUCTION, at GaTraway's. lVednesdays May 21, a VILLA RLSIDENCE, with cottage and garden adjoiuing2 situate at Crowrther's-hill, Dartmoutb, held for 1,000 aud 2,000 year2, ntr a peppercorn, The house commands viewsg of Ford-vale, the river,. town, and harbour, and, from the mildness of thbe air in this famed. locality, is especialy adapted for the occupation of sn invalid, 31aa be viewed on application to Mr. J. L. Lidistone, Lower-street, Dart.? month. Particulars of Mr. Plrideaux, solicitor, Dartmouth; and of~, the auctioneers, King-street, Covent-garden. To Fam iies Furiehing. lrye,Bokelr,& ISS.DEWandKEYSELLNvfflSELLbyAUCr4 M `IN n the Premises, Margate Villa, Shrubland-road. Dla.P ston, To-morrow, April 25. at 11, the superior mnodern FURLNa. TURE. in Spanish mahogany and roseivood, beds, bedding, glass if small library of classical and scholasfic irorks, lie, Catalo'-ues to bet had at the Lee Anus, Dalston; and of the auctioneers, 35, &6amomilc. street, Bsoeae Old Bottled Port, vintages 1I3M and 1844 fine Sherries Cqhampagne, &c.' MESSRS. J. B ,. PUDDICK anud Co., -valuers to the- win trde,areinsruced o cearoffthe remainder of the finni old . P ART K SERrishmans ail ndL Lib er by pubIcN SatE Gat erRoom 's, T1A,oxfordsreew, Aoni 25Wedn, esday,Arilge 30.AtMILY' hisIprivatescelar,t1e 8,eadnuhal-ctreent, cwhereihs-icngi bedtasted one traynpior-hale; and almsoffateshofeveauc sritionees;an hctld ogues h ead. Bpurto-cresent, 14csterPscrare.-Leaseho-d Reidncedt Fi--sehat PATCHKR IllNv SELL by AUCTION, at xy. Thursday', To-morrowt 1. fori 23, ath 12S,awelrand JTRSanaIL HRESEHL UIDENCl iut 8 urtoncrsetomprisir rngh six ted(, roate. twdrawing rooms, dininghab froo,niburary andestsofraeroo, good nen. trancperhalle, Busl and dmsi oficehfeery~i dmahptogny helifri;O coacheg ahsfaoemerioand rent. M ayblesvee, ciaand othned pramtent%r chiado glst,anle G. Pruenre,uEsqte.2 Vner niamhuedinesda;n rin of M.Pre,4' aeppe-saeed caalgeond theGpremises, ado h utoer 2 rn boSurn-street, Leicester-square.--es,Mxue,adFriue APj. JATHILNSG a reci eLL by SUCTIO , oc at L the Preises Aucio Sumr-sre, Le39 e-sur,THSD Alrsai Apil 254a 2 o , ath 1emaifor 1fathe LES.FTRK,a dOUretfomLeghorn, fITARLIomriin FrnMbdted,mt tresses,bedS, obedding, dcamer fum itrom chetsifqraers hm Vodlperra glases, Brusstergll n tere, carpeet,maoaycir,ouhs chsesfne, ofmtclss andadiningrtabls, chinauan Othaz onaen,ch,a glss oamndakitchenfreqisthes.O viwonWdesaandmring otf sale and catalgesothprme, and ofgtheauctioeer,bastCra, bourn-tree, a eidesther-qe Fl origoretneMrle,Aabate thges roo, fora JO Nof ThasreePigedn H instrco tho mSxetllae; LI theCt Auctionsa abooms, o9, GTaechureb-stree~9 t1, TOUmoros diec FURom ITghRn, oTALISD.and MAtE andrs comprisTngiroi Forerra, Rodstme, bndsotheradrs, mattresses, bedistrofdawan, hand ohee vasces,o mratches beauooty- groups, fatingue,ts,exfountbilains audvagit - ofll otamlens, vaduapted forgde drewing anddinngroo anduesl complerva bo- tory,i white ndrEcypriane anaaser ggharneo, dagate barowedilgo threrdie Pinaoto,end othe Tuscanl marbiles. May be viewed the day preiouso nd raondoing of sale, Catalogues boM ad at the br oom,h andofe hoessr Jand at th auctioeces7 Oldes C,wr. isu-qam Mratfrbles addBonesex-inlabid Furniture, andvelSok,an e Effect,rmoet thes Threet Pigons, Hotel Bnertemsc-pa onrl 4 the Pomoremss asaoe on Tusdy ApI s t1,HUl tHlok oLD prNisiRE. Loive Saintrk aondhfeurs coprsngirn Inch an stumps byclbaedsateads, maitteses,cet of drawers,n chanis coiugchaes,gandgipianoorte,nooa mTtig,excellemndthbilirpn ogs. waer ppratus lieEzfgrshowerlad apurw bat, qatt of Ichedngst es n pipe, tw trons tofriron Drhibtrnot' bandutheumrbstoes newu oaf frame tand Frgen casemepdnts,lighosrng casrt, cand-cutting machreiner wi:hrfclywel surredircrig and gigblo htarness, darkbrownh geldng turein assrtme,nt oftuefu coartice jcs. May b vewled h a ro oa mrionsgofth sale, Cata logues tohbe had.a h a fteaoehtl and a theauctonee's o psc s,. eFAubr-sqPao. FR . CHULTIP is iStrcEdL to SELLTbON, b. orderTIof atb Aingneeat ooms New Bond-stree t,ainby-teDace SApil 24 amd, To-morrow, At1preisely a 1, ane aSsemlag of aBUILDEf, tcoiewog rk, cmprsinetiff scabinets boadandhcords ourse commoares and tblnesmounted Math rices Tasewe, andamalogesda brdonztes utincludin 21 origialwotrkseby clbrtedatssyuie.fcok adcner 2ighlychozedaf lndgidbein vr-oing Paesof rsn onherpqueainyl- Sdandieiand brapnd and hiopn,guss,iandsevn bssorelevohed, rihycrvdadgilttalemo Ian. a wofashporlpuei mai,an thaer decrtv obet,MyAeveeLwody,P~ -wion othe sRale.iand cataogue then had.itot t1wMart,onMo Banknpvs5, Efecs Iolr ImportantCELLARE oif SELLAM bowyi vUTO,b in a order, of Thew sgee,esly on theore-mies, Stmt y.esac wtine by-3rchad,o by-torr Aprilsen.t ow,nter STOCg ofe pan BI Es. remrinedr cut stuffddow, thefl hoanrd andW reEds, hors and ceart, anE sunryepectsdabroay bhevinewsled,yndfataogues had ftheuauit ionee 2,000 I dozen of spledd ferwog Port, guareand h ukgteed allo n ulty eqandlman'randet tand tstiping vintag 184 beottled inmd 10-6ot the tropert ofd private gentleman,eBmr absnolutesaLedGlso.e the art,on Mnda, Ma 3, t 1precsely th caboveetensive anlyt-b it-ImportateLLr of POTthE,eolin here .1eanlosl-Trituwas bottluid inga vut,o briaton T edr i Mizlcard-lotane, Strand,fwhrte. in may hoom wnspete and rsampledcae, andfomty rwhence ooSit wi e delvered. The Utrewaprchasvedvt by thenifesent ownerdurpainshe panicofg1ny aSi.t boardfiatlbttled, andh hlase uo beehinableg suBed iom unithre vu whreu itws ai dwn Cethe Glwner, harptECing, reasided forany nuea- i theuperiodabrod.le winets in pofvrytione byodelicathe Sualif;tyinslen didtconition,ergoo coor,v T esuprorlavitoutr,sdry,ad ulfbes wing.I willOb soldVfro oneg samle andouethe bl huaraneedveo equal xuchanterontht taSted. and wUCIlNb lotthed taeo si oth the tradeandsprivate genytlemen, fom Mewssrs.Chn-utrctandGomorthy. begl Apearti l todiec the attlento of the public U-IToUthi Lex,inalrding rp andt gevnuin sale tatie whcenl wineoftresht aevt cheantracverdol tohefo obtainedabin pmall quanties, atd pabulou% prices. Ho-tel pottageto club-ouss, and thmerotradengenrally wjgaicindths hnsale SparcnLarlt deservin of theirespeclour c.Sapebtte il esa to su part ofthecountryup ndproerapplication toDresred Cinnmor . twn nGaleswtsofhthleastoopee 28,in Rabegehnd-stre.m ..Te wave ineba( witte cwthparefullysamle boKatte, lbarytbl,ktinolon.-ps adAx Cbisy.-yerdng-uer at rHeusehorl dFurteg tusH Case petd1eriasses, ipnclu mn tovdfo brilliat-tndL-caeCtae infre.nafs wanuSadroSeo JON Se a cosly DrHawig oo Suite coErL- us boadiUTted wit pat tei gleass faoshionableed Room Ieetrniture,4 wrought-iraognyChst Gasets, ofChesCini lo ar, Gass, other tandes nuetoaros vurain,luablecEffets,A portion byorderofrthe, sideborids cabethed withanothersan Proerty.nTo bhestsofidrwieotresearrvbes.mr- wassindstrutindrsgtoaELbyes andCtION,lat thases Saleteroo with, Quegen-stadsetreetuciys(wo eoom falargewCenstrbshent. To-morrow. ,1 aprl ath 12,ate whoraColletofntheelegatFuresNIvthReol Ia, ncldning a cmster~iynwlnutdite covere ins imotredrhmtvelvt elegnticaredt rchegofrmersandvabes,wic vetlvgezat carets,oobl hmneygabo ses,acleo of vluabCole pronof printsland paintings, tof h Snlat-tne cotageas, pleiansh,and Enummsb SeDrwnroom -egentGancery, hQandsoeSanishQ. GARstefC IAir, ongs andEas y cAirs ON a aoeedno oo tw Aihplae-goraow,bFoidaye, Arlry tabl, Ac,, nloble four-pot In pra-sey, binedstad fitteiwit damaskIO hfbgb glw gII prm gos-f,tl beds,t noble winged wardrobes, cets to foorawegSt, doubehnd stingl washatadb cre, glasses,h o Faidrs and, Cuomnarutnsils, feWp Wot-de steams. c Mayis bnte vwdouthe morning ofao sle,andscatealo Fgures la-do AMr.;v HeanryBlatthssolcito, ewyato-sre1et; ol MrParssLy iimestee., chambersem of Mqal Pheiptt byr- ' lier elaly ado h u Lfortes,e sue ior Bddn, n GenderlLFriehn eusts 'R/embraSd JOnESte and DomiiEcn R.WilsELn b AUCTION, atgheirgetRos bII) Tene d 12.oLeis, te.-te wod Cdatbogan,uets of -ada c,lning eo,c rd,an othe tuables, d oF. chaIrs, utais ag apesgasspanfre,sdbors .ier 11, Sloane-street, Chelsea. Auction-rooms, under bil of sale-4 Superior Furniture, nearly new, comprising a walnut-tree SuitO, covered imn rch gren velvet,1 and two pair ofcurtainato maitgh,a GU octave cottage Pianoforte, us handsome case, two superior LIbrar2 Tab lea on turned legs, with rising slopes, some valuable proof PrintsChina, and cut Glass, Bronzes andL Plated articles, and numerouis Zeaf decorative effects. IMIII :IZOD begs to announce that he hats reccivee M Riixitrutios t ELFL by AUCTION , at Mrr. Allan's Auction.l roois, 17, Sloane-street, reovd To-morrow, April 25th, atI2 preciselylla clause in the lease prohibiting - a saleon the rrenises), the FUIRNITLtJP.E comprising, for the dingroom and library, a sideboard, with a carved back, a setof dialngtable couch, indulging chair, covered in -leather, rich carpets, rugs bronze fenders and fire-irous. for the principal bedr6omus-. elegant Arabian bedsteads, and damask hangings, prime goosaand dowin beds, mattresses, and muitable bedding, supeiori' double. hole wasband stand with fittings, chests of mahbogany andb apanned drawers, cbeval and toilette glasses, set of bedsteps and idette, an elegant walnut smite of richly-carved cairs, lounges, anmI indulging chairs, handsome los and other tables, rich chiumne glas'es, cheffonier with plate-glass baclk, rieh pattern carpets, a brillaht-toae pianoforte, bronze, china, and glass, a few proof prints, oil pintingg; and numerous drawing-room elQgancies; a capital bal stove, and out.-, door-items. W ay be viewed on morning of sale; catalogues hadi on thu. pTemisce, andoofthesue tioneer Pe nton-place.- At Garrawafs Coffeehouse, Corhill, To-imorrow, April 25, atl I'docl , nWO Thousand One &undred Loads of Baltic and Colonial Timber, 130.000 pieces ditto deals and batten 37,O Baltic and American stave, masts, handspikes, oars, and other woo =or-SUjIMSN a nd 3ASON, w ood brokers, S t. ?etes-caa , Licdon Dock Ruramage Sale.-At the london Comeercial Sae, Rooms Mincing-lane, Tower-set, on Thurday, May 8, at2for IX ONOWE Pipes, 109 Rhds 120 Qr.-CQx*s, 6& Lisbon, Cape, Tenerife, to,.t 0c o; 10cesadbaskbrrets f nChamgel;; Chrt., dherry,Rhenlsh, I; 20cah ofbrandy-bv orader of theaCrn' dmi Dock omony, pursuant to Act 9. George IV, cap,116,soef 7 geac saogo of Johnu W114and En,7, MZ;3's-sa,
