DEATHS. On the 1lth of 'March, 1S84 at ima, Peni, of yeLoW fever, in the 33a sear of his aze. Fredick, second son of the late Mtr. James Tester, of Bartlett's-buildngs, llolbor3, leaving a vwidow and three chilren. Ou the 28th of January, 1856, at Melbourne, Victoria, Robert Allricb, youngest sonof Mfr. James Lemon, of the ing's Axnn, CoM7 mercial-road east, in the 26th year of his age. Lost, on his passage to Bombay, in the ship St. Abbs, in June, ISSS Wlliam Iror.side Money, aged 16, Cadet in the H.E.LC.S. Service, eldest son of the Rev. William Money. OnThursday, the 15th inst., atBrookham Pwraonage, near Reigate, after a short ilness, in his 16th year, Lionel. the dearly lovei and third surviving Eon of George W. Mfaddion, Ev,., of artiney, Lincolnshire. On the 16th inat.. at Pan, Bases Pyrena. J3ane Colgate Etolman, eldest surviving daughter of Mr. Holman, surgeon, of East Hoathl5y, Suisex, deeply lamented byher relatives and all who knew her. On the 16th inst.. at 69, PaUIall, L ondon, Mrs. Elizabeth Shaw widow of the late John Shaw, Esq.. of 62, Mount-pleasmt, LiverpWLo On the 16th inst.. suddenly, after many years' suffering from chronic asthma, borne with Christian fortitude,deeply anddeservedly regrettEd by his sorrowing wife and numerous friends, Mr. John Winterborn, aged 56. upwards of 20 yearssurgeon, of Hackney-road. On the 15th inst., at Bark-watk, Chcese, Joseph CartwiightBrettell, Esq., aged 55. On the 19th inst., at his residence. No. 7, Giocester-plae, Portman. square, in the 3ad year of his age, Robert. sixth son of the late Joseph Henry, Rzq., solicitor, of Old Doninick-street, Dublin. On Tuesday last, WLiam Docking, infant son of the Rev. J. C, Girling GromeI. On the 20th inst.. at No. S5, Carlton-iill, St. Johns-wood, aged 79, Margaret. widow of Francis Keyselt Faq .. lateof Broad,treet, bLuanad onmgest daughter of Mr. Butterield, lateft Maidenhead, On Wednesday, the 21st inst., at her residence in th6 Crescent, Taunton, Miss Clihsome, aged&l. On the 22d inst.. at his residence, No. 10, York-.ate, negentrs-par-, of apoplexy, JohnPinder, Esq., aged 74. On Thursday, tbe 29d inst., at 19, Torringtons-qsase, London, Celeste Althea Armantine. the dedrly loved vife of Robt. Lawrence Brooke, Rsq., of the United States, in the 2Sd year of her age. On the 22d inst., as Newton Villa, Westbounme-grove, Colomel James Lewis EaRilen, C.B., formerly of the &S2th Foot. On the 2°d ins. suddenly, of apoplexy, 'Jlia, the be7oved wife of Mr. John Odel. Glocester-street, PLmlico, and daughter ot the late. Mons. Berois, of 10ndonderry, in herlSth year. Or, the 22dinst., at Itathurles, near Nevagh, Ireland, the seat of P. Serle, EEq.. Ashtor Benyon. Esq.. 6Sd efgiment, eldest son of S. Y. Benyon. Esq., of Stetchworth-park, near Newimarket. On the 23d list., Ann, eldest daughter of the late Walter Caron, of Great Winchester-street, city. On Friday, the 23d inst., at his residence, on Brixton-hill, Mary, the beloved and affectionate wife of Mr. Hfilop, of Gutter-lane, aged 66. On the 23d inst., at the Rectory, ShlPhles, SomerLet, aged 12 years, BerthaELizabeth, the sixth and beloved child of the lCev. harles Tynte Suimons. On the 27d inst., Elizabetb, wife of F. T. Gibb, Eq, of Greentord Lodge, Middleser daughter of the late Thomas Hughes, REq., of HendrefeUen, in tie county of Cardigmn. Oq the 2_d inst., at Brewood, near Peakbidge, after a protracted and aevere illness, borne w,ith extreme patience Faimy the beloved wife of T. Crean, FEq., and second daughter of James Met, REq., of Brevwood. On the 24th inst., of consumption, Eliza lMary wife of IMr. Thoma Cave. 16. Geor-e-street, Richmond, Surrey, ans Eecond daughter of Mr. Charles wVlite Barnet, Hests. On the 24th inst., after a short ilness, at the house of her sister, -Mis Lee Denimark-hill, Camberwell, Ann, thie beloved wife of James Ast-ley Ball, Eat., of' \ewcastle, Staffordshire.
THE ALLEGED POISONINGS AT RUGELEY. TRIAL OF W. PALMER. CENTTRAL CRIMINAL COUPRT. NLy 24. The trial of William Palmer for the murder of John Parsons Cook was resumed this morning. At the opening of the proceedings and during the whole day the court was densely crowded. Several no'ole lords and members of the House of Commons were accommodated with seats upon the bench. TThe learned judges, Lord Campbell, Mr. Baron Alderson, and. Mr. Justice Cresswell, took their seats at 10 o'clock, and the prisoner was immediately placed at the bar. Although to any one who had not seen him since the commencement of the trial he might have appeared considerably altered, yet the change was no greater than might naturally arise from the length of these proceedings, and did niot indicate any increase of anxiety as to the result of his trial. To the speech of the Attorney-General he listened with a fixed attention, wvhich scarcely permitted a single change of posi. {ioni; but during the whole time the expression of his countenance was unaltered. Counsel for the Crovin,-The Attorney-General, Mr. E. -Jaraes, Q.C., Mr. Bodkin, Mr. Welsby, and Mr. Huddleston; for the prisoner-Mr. Serjeant Shee, Mr. Grove, Q.C., Mr. Gray, and Mfr. Kenealy. Cliver Pemberton, examined by Mr. Serjeant SHiEE:-I am a lecturer on anatomy at Queen's College, Birmingham, and surgeon to the General Hospital in that town. I was present at the examination of the body of Cook after its e-clumation in January last. I observed the spinal cord. It was not in such a state as to enable me to say what had been its condition immediately after the death of the deceased. The upper part, where the brain had been separated, was green in colour from the effects of decomposition. The remaminig portion, though fairly preserved for a body vhich had been buried two months, was so soft that I could not form amy opinion as to its state immediately after death. Cross-examined by the ArroRs- Y-GEYzmtx.-It was the day after the long canal had been opened that I saw the spinal cord. The opening of that canal would expose the cord to the atmosphere, but it wvas still to a certain extent protected by a strong membrane. It is my impression that the dura mater or outer membrane was not opened until I was Dresent. I am not certain of that. I attended on 7behalf of the prisoner, as also did Mr. Bolton, a professor -of Queen's College, Birmingham. Mr. Serjeant SIrEE intiunated that this concluded the 'medical evidence on behalf of the prisoner. Henry Matthews, examined by Mr. GROVE.-I am an Inspector of Police at the Euston-square railway station. 1 wVas stationedthere on Monday, the 19th of November last. She last train from London to the north, which stops at Rugeley, leaves London. and left on that day, at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. The express train left at 5 o'clock in the afternoon. It is due at Stafford at 8.42 p.m.; but on the might I have mentioned did not arrive until 8.45 p.m. The distance from Stafford to Rugeley is by railway nine miles; by road I don't know how far. The quickest mode of getting to Rugeleyafterthe2 o'clock train has left London is by .express train to Stafford, and thence by road to Rugeley. Joseph Foster, examined by xr. GRtY.-I am a farmer and graxier at Sibbertoft, Northamptonshire. Up to Ladyday last I kept the George Hotel, at Welford, in that county. I knew Cook for many years before his death. I have met him on the hunting field, at dinner, and in various other paces. I think he was of a weak constitution. I form this opinion from the fact that, when I have been out with him, he has often had bilious attacks. Ihose are the only circumstances from which I form that opinion. Cross-examined by Mr. JAScEs.-I had known Cook many years. For the last two years he hunted regularly in 1!orthaniptonshire. Sometimes he kept two horses, and sometimes three. I have known him to hunt three days a-week, and that pretty regularly, when he has been well. I Inow Mr. George Pell. There is a cricket club at Welford. I have seen Cool; play, but not for these last three or four years. I last saw Cook at Lutterworth about the middle of October last. I should think it is a year and a half since he last had a bilious sick headach. That occured at my own house. He could not hunt that day. He had come to my house to meet the hounds, but did not go out. He stayed two or three hours, and then went home. I will not swear that I did not see him in the hunting field within a week. Re-examined by Mr. GRAYxi.-I never saw him sick on -any other occasion except at a cricket match seven years ago. It was after dinner. George Myatt, examined by Mr. GRovE.-I am a saddler, and reside at Rugeley. I was at Shrewsbury Races on the Taesday, the day that Polestar won. I was at the Raven Hotel on the Wednesday. I saw Cook and Palmer there that evening about 12 o'clock. I was waiting in the room when they came in. I considered Cook the worse forliquor. They proposed to have a glass of brandy-and-water each before they went to bed. We each had a glass of that Equor. While we were drinking it Cook made some remark that he fancied it was not good. He drank off the best part of his glass, and then said he thought there was something in it, and gave it to some one who was standing by to taste. 'Cook proposed to have some more, but Palmer said he would not have any more unless Cook drank his uD. No more brandy came in, and we all went to bed. I slept in the same room as Palmer. The brandy was broughlt in in a decanter. Mine was poured out, but I don't know by whom. I did not leave the room after Cook and Palmer came in until we went to bed. I never saw anything put into the brandy-and-water. It could not have been put in without my seeing it. Palmer and I went to bed together. I believe we left Cook in the sitting-room. Nothing more occurred durin -the night. When g went to bed I locked the bedroom door, and Palmer did not leave the room during the night. When we got up in the morning Palmerasked metoggoandcallCook. Ididso. Iwent to the door of Cook's bedroom, rapped at it, and he told, me to come in. I went in, and he told me how ill he bad been during the night. He said that he had been obliged to send for a dector. He asked me what was put in the brandy. and-water, and I told him that I did not think anything was. He asked me to send " the doctor," meaning Palmer, to him. I did so. I next saw Cook when he came into the room to breakfiast. Palmer was then in that room. Palmer and I had breakfasted before Cook came in. He breakfasted in the same room. At night we all three went to Rugeley. We dined together at the Raven fir;t. We left Shrewsbury about 6 o'clock by the express train. Palmer paid for the three tickets. On the way to Rugeley Palmer was sick, and he and Cook said they could not account for it. Palmer vomited. This 'was on the road between Stafford and Rugeley. We had left the train at Stafford, and were then in a fly. They said they could not account for the vomiting unless the dinner had been cooked in a brass vessel, or there vas something the matter with the water - and that there had been a great many people sick at Shrew'sbury Races. I had heard other people say that they had been ill, and could not account forit. ThedistancebytheroadfromStaffordtoRugeley is nine miles. Cross-examined by MIr. JLUFs.-I have known Palmer all his life. He deals with me for saddlery. I have not recently been in the habit of going to races with him. I have gone occasionally. I have never been at Doncaster vith him. I was at Wolverhampton Races with him in August last. We went there together. We did not sleep in the same room there. We did not stop at the same hotel. I stopped with a brother-in-law. I was at Wolver- ] hampton a couple of days. I never dined nor breakfasted ] with Palmer. I also attended Lichfield Races with him in 1 eptember last. The course is within 10 miles of Rugeley. 3 Ve did not sleep at Lichfield. I did not go with Palmer nor did I return home with him. I think that is about all the races that I was at least year. Except at Shrewsbury I never slept in a double'oedded room with Palmer at any races. I never was at Worcester in my life. Palmer paid my hotel expenses at Shrewsbury. He has never paidamy e.x'enses -at other races. I daresay that I was at races with Paimer the year before last. I was at two or three, but cannot say how many. 1 had an interview with Palmer in Stafford Gaol. I was with him about a couple of hours. It is a month or five weeks ago. I cannot say whether it was since the Stafford .ssizes orbefore. Mr. Smith said he was gOing, and I thought I should like to see Palmer. Now and then I have stood half-a-sovereion or a sovereign on Palmer's horses. I did not bet at Shrewsbury. I did not back Cook's mare Polestar. I have stood a sovereign or so with Palmer upon a horse. It -was as near as possible 12 o'clock when I first saw Cook and Palmer at the Raven. I had dined at Rugeley. I arrived at Shrewsbury between S and 9 o'clock. I went to the Raven. 1 knew the room which Palmer generally bad,andI went up to ito see if he was in.Near the door (outside) I saw Cook, who said, " Halloa ! what brings you here " I told him I had come to see how they were gettinz on. PFalmer had gone out, so I went into the town. 1 returned to the Raven in about an hour, and wvent into Palmer's room. Palmer was not there, but a man named Shelley, a bettin- man, was. I waited about a couple of hours-that is tilf about 12 o'clock, when Palmer and Cook came in. Cook was the worse for liquor, but not very drunk. EIe was so much the worse for it that I could easily zee that he was so. The brandy-and-water was brought in directly. The brandy was brought in in a decanter, but I caunot say how the water was brought. It might have been npon the table. I should say that the tumblers were brought up with the brandy. I do not remember Mrs. Brooks coming or Palmer being called out of the room. A gentle man came in, whom I now know to be MIr. Fisher. Palmer had not left the room before that. That I will swear He never left the room until we went to bed. When isher came in, Cook asked Paimer to have some more brandy-and-water. Palmer said that he would not have any mnore unless Cook drunk his. Palmer sat close to me. Cook drunk his brandy off at a draught. Directly he had drunk it he said there was something in it. I will swear that he did not say " It burns my thr'oat." Hre said nothin of that kind- He -Mav it to some one to taste, but made no other observation. I believe it was Fisher to whom he gave it to be tasted I vill not swear whether it was Palmer or Cook who 9-.ve it to Fisher. When Cook drank the brandy-and-watsr there were only four persons in the room. I can't say whether any one but Fisher came in afterwards. When Cook dIrunk ithe .asnearlyas possible emptied the glass. There was a little left in it. I will not swear whether or not Palmer touched the glass. I believe he tasted what was left in the glass, and said he could not tasto anythinz that was the matter with the brandy-and-water. I believe he handed the glass to Fisher. I do not recollect that Fisher said " It IS of use giving me the glass, it is empty." I will not swear that he di not. About 20 minutes or half an hour eIapzed before Palmer and I went to bed. Cook did not leave the roomn before we did. Palmer and I went straight up to bed. We left Cook in the sitting-room. I did not that night hear of Cook's vomiting, or of his being ill. I only drank one glass of brandy-and-water. We drank our brandy with cold water. On the following day (Thursday) I dined vith Palmer at the Raven. Cook carved. During the first two days of the inquest on Cook's bodyIvwas at home at Rugeley. I did not go to the inquest. Re-e.xamined by MIr. GROVE-l was not subpcenaed for theCrown. Ivwasexamined, but not summoned. There was an officer of the gaol present during the whole of my interview writh Palmer at Staford. We did not talk about this case. The ATTom%SEy-GE;ERAL.-Did not you tel Mfr. Gardner that you knew nothing about the brandy-and-water at Shrewsbury?-No. Did not you teU rr. Crisp and Mr. Sweeting that you knew nothing about it ?-No; I told them what I knew about it. Wil you swear you did not teU them anything about it ?-I do; I told them exactly what I tell you now. John Sergeant, examined by Mr. Serjeant ST1EE.-Iamof no business. I attend almost every race in the kingdom. I knew Cook intimately. I also know the prisoner Palmer. During the Shrewsbury Races I received a letter from CookI was subpeenaed on the part of the Crown, but had no notice to produce the letter. I have not got it. I searched for it, but I found I had sent it to Saunders the trainer. I appliedtohimnforitbyletter, to which I received ananswer. I have taken all means to obtain Cook's letter. I have no copy of it. I Serjeant S sEE submitted to their Lordships that he had now proved sufficient to enable linm to give secondary evidence as to the contents of this letter; but as there was a possibility that Saunders (the witness who was on the previous day called upon his recognizances, but did not attend), might be examined, the Court ruled that secondary evidence could not be received. Examination continued.-I was not at Shrewshury, and I don't know what Palmer and Cook won or lost there beyond what Cook told me. Shortly before Cook's death I had an opportunity of noticing the state of his throat. I was with him at Liverpool on the week previous to the Shrowsbury Races; we slept in adjoinisg rooms, and in the morning ho called my attention to the state of his throat. I looked at it, and saw that it was fuU of ulcers and very much inflamed. His tongue was swooUen. I told him I was surprised that he could eat and drink w ith his mouth and throat in such a state. He said it had been in that state for weeks and months, and now he did not take notice of it. That was all which then passed between us about the sore throat. He had shown me that his throat was in this state previously, at almost every one of our meetings. On the platform at Liverpool, after the races, I saw him take a "inoerbread nut with cayenne in it by mistake. He told me afterwards that it was very near killing him. He did not say more particularly than that what effect it produced upon him. At Liverpool, the week before the Shrewsbury Races, Cook was very poor. He owed me 25!., and ho gave me 10/. on account. e said he had not sufficient to pay his expenses at Liverpool, but that I should have the rest on tho Shrewsbury week. Cook and Palmer were in the habit of " putting on" horses for each other. They did so at the Liverpool meetig I "put on" money for. Palmer at Liverpool, and he told me that Cook stood it along with him. I have heard Cook, a short time before his death, apply to Palmer to supply him with a lotion caUed "black-wash." [It was admitted that this was a mercurial lotion.] I never saw his throat dressed by any one. Cross-examined by Mr. JAMEs, Q.C.-The black-wash was not to be drunk-. That happened at the Warwick meeting in tho spring of 1855. Cook was at Newmarket before the Warwick meeting. le was at nearly all the autumnal races of last year. At Liverpool his appetite was I pretty good. I was surprised at seeing him eat so much. The cayenne was made up for a trick in one nut, which was mixed vith other nuts. Of course cayenne nuts are stronger than other nuts. Jeremiah Smith, examined by Mr. Serjeant Synr-I am an attorney at Rugeley. I am acquainted with Palmer, and I also knew the late Mr. Cook. I saw Cook at the Talbot Arms on Friday, the 16th of November, in his bedroom, about 10 o'clock. I was present at his breakfast. He breakfasted in bed. He took a cup of tea with a wineglass of brandy in it. On the same day I dined in his comnany at Palmer's house. I am not sure whether I saw himn in the interval. We had a rumpsteak, and we drank champagne at dinner and port wine after dinner. We drnk three bottles altogether, and Cook drank his share. There were only Cook, Palmer, and myself. Dinner was over about half-past 2, and we rose from table between S and 6. Cook and I left the house towards 6. We went to my house, and from there to the Albion Hotel. We had a glass of cold brandy-andwater each, and Cook left me there. He said before he went that he felt cold, and warmed himself at the fire. He also said that he would go home and read in bed. He had borrowed a book. He left me between 7 and S. In the afternoon, after dinner, we were talking about racing, and I asked Cook for money-for 501. He gave me 51. When he took the note out of his case, I said-'" Why you can pay me all." He said, "No; there is only 411. l0s. due to you. I cannot let yout have it, because I haye given Palmer money, but I will pay you the remainder when I return from Tattersall's on Monday." On the nest night (Saturday) Cook was not well, and I slept in his room. It was late (about 12) when we went to bed. In the early part of the night he was unwelLI He got some toast-and-water and was washing his mouth; he was sick, and he gargled his throat. A night-chair was in the room. I saw him there once, at least. He retched, but I don't know whether he was able to vomit, because I did not leave my bed. About 2 o'S,ock I went to sleep, being tired, as I had been out shootiag, and I slept until Palmer and Bamford came in the morning. I heard a conversation between the doctors and Cook as I lay in the bed. Bamford said, "Well, Mr. Cook, how are you this morning 2" Cook said, "I amrather better. I slept from about 2 or 3 o'clock after the house had become quiet." Bamford said, " I will send you some medicine." I don't recollect that there was any further conversation, and I got up and left the house. I know Mrs. Palmer, the prisoner's mother. In consequence of what passed between me and her on the Monday evening, Iwent about 9 o'clock to the prisoner'shouse toseeifhe had arrived. I did not find him. About 10 minutes past 10 I saw him. He was comingfrom the direction of Stafford in a car. He said, " Have you seen Cook to-da said, " No. I have been to Lichfield on business." Me said, " We had better run up and see him before I go to my mother's, or it will be too late." We then went up to Cook's room together. Cook said, "You are late to-night, doctor; I did not expect you to look in. I have taken the medicine which you gave me." We did not stay more than two or three minutes. I bhinkhe ask-ed me why I had not caUled in earlier, and I "old him I had been to Lichfield on business. He said he had taken the piUls which Bamford had sent, mtimatin,as I thought, that he should not have taken them if Polaer lad called in. Did Palmer when he entered the room make inquiries of dhe nature which a medical man usually makes to his Datient? The ATToRNEY-G^;NERAL objected to this question. M1r. Serjeant SHEE.-What in'uiries were made? Witness.-Cook told Palmer that hea had been up, talking with Saunders and Ashmall part of the day. Palmer said, "You ought not to havegeotup." Idon't rememberthat anyhing else passed. We left the room together and went straight to Palmer's mother, whose house is 400 or 500 yards !rom the Talbot Arms. We were there about half an hour. We left togetherand went then to Palmer's house. I asked iim for some refreshment (a glass of grog), but could not get t. I left Palmer in the house and went home. The dayafter wre had dined at Palmer's I asked Cook and Palmer to dine s-ith me. Cook sent me a message on that day, that he was Iot well enough to leave his room and that he could nor :ome to dinner. I had a boiled leg of mutton for dinner, md I sent part of the broth from the Albionbya charwoman I think her name was Rowney) to Cook. I borrowed 2001. 'or Cook shortly before his death, and I also negotiated a ean with Pratt for 500!. for him. I borrowed 100!. from Mrs. ?aliner, and 100!. from William Palmer tomake up the 2001. When Cook's horse was going to run, Palmer " pUt on" for dm, and when Palmer's ran, Cook " put on" for him. I kave seen Thirlby, Palmer's former assistant, dress Cook's hroat wvith caustic. I think this was chiefly before the aces at Shrewsbury. I have some signatures of Cook'l vhich I know to-be in his handwritinr. The two notes -ith instructions to negotiate the loan of 500!. I saw Cook ign. [The notes were put in.] One of them is signed 'J. P. Cook," the ether "J. Parsons Cook." I knew from look that he was served with a writ, bht I don't think that was present when he was served. I do not remember vhether I received any instructions to appear for him. The letters put in were read by the Clerk of Arraigns. The first was signed " J. Parsons Co,-te,"1 Monday; and was A the followina terms:- " My dear Sir,-I have been in a devil of a fix about the nill, but have at last settled it at the cost of an extra two -ineas, for the ' d-d' discounter had issued a writ tgainst me. I am very munch disgusted at it." Witness continued,-The letter was sent to me, but I have lestroyed the envelope. The next letter bore the date 25th if June, 1855, and was as follows.- " Dear Jerry,-I should lik-e to have the bill renewed for rwo months. Can it be done? Let me know by return. I have scratched Polestar for the Nottinghamshire and Wol,erhampton stakes. I shall be 'down on Friday or Satur. lay. Fred. tells meo Arabas wil win the Northumberland intakes." The memorandum put in and read was signed " J. P. Jook," and the following is a copy "Polestar three years, Sirius two years - by way of mort,aae to secure 200!. advanced upon a bill of exchange for j0ul;, dated 23th of August, 1355, payable three months 'ticg ucie; Cross-examined by the ATToRNEY-GENERAL.-Are you she gentleman who took Mr. Myatt to Stafford Gaol ?- I am. Hiave you known P.almer long 9.-I have knowvn him long and very intimately, and have been employed a good deal as in attorney by Palmer and his family. In December, 1854, did he apply to you to attest a promosal of his brother Walter Palmer for 13,0001. in the Soliiitora and General Insurance Ofice 9.-I cannot recollect ; if rou will let me see the document I will tell you. WiU you swear that you were not applied to ?-I will aot swear either that I was not applied to for that purpose )r that I was. If you wiUl let me see the document I shaU recognise my w-riting at once. In January, 1855, were you applied to by Palmer to attest a proposal of his brother for 13,0001. in the Prince of Wales Aflice ?-I don't recollect. Don't recollect ! Why 13,0001. was a large smn for a man Like Walter Palmer, wasn't it, who hadn't a shilling in the world ?-Oh, he had money, because I know that he lived retired and carried on no business. Didn't you know that he was an uncertificated bankrupt? -I know that he bad been a bankrupt some years be. Bore, but I did not know that he was an uncertificated bankrupt. I know that he had an allowance from his mother, but I do not know whether he had money from any ather source. I believe that his brother William (the prisoner) save him money at different times. Where, in the course of 1854 and 1855, were you livingin Rugeley .-In 18541 think Iresided partly with Willam Palmer, and sometimes at his mnother's. Did you sometimes sleep at his mother's ?-Yes. When you did that. where did you sleep -In a rooln. Did you sleep in his mother's room-on your oath were you neot intimate with hcyou knovw well 9p01h wbat I mean ?-I had no other intimac, Mr. Attorney, than a proper intimacy. l w often did yon sleep at. her houes, having an esta. blishment of your own at Eugeley ?-Frequently. Two or three times a-week. Are you a single or a married mnan?-A single man. How long did that practice of sleeping two orthree times a-week at Mrs. Palmer's continue'7-For several years. Had you your own lodgings at Rugel y at the time ?- Yes, all the time. How far were your lodgings from Mrs. Palmer's house ?- I should say nearly a quarter of a mile. E3plain how it happened that you, having yoar own placeof abodee wit hin Paquarter ofa mile, slept two or three or other members of her family were on a visit to her, and I went to see them. And when you went to see those members of her family was it too far for you to return a quarter of a mile in the evening 9.-Why we nsed to plsyavagame of cards, and have aglass ofgin-and-water, and smoke a pipe perhaps; and then they said "It is late-you had better stop all imht ;" and I did. There was no particular reason why I did not go home that I know of. Did that go on for three or four years ?-Yes; and I sometimes used to stop there when there was nobody there at all -when they were all away from home, the mother and all. And you have slept there when the sons were not there and the mother was ?-Yes. How often did that happen 7-Sometimes for two orthree nights a-week, for some months at a time, and then perhaps I would not go near the house for a month. What did you stop for on those nights when the sons were not there; there was no one to smoke and drink with then, nddyoua might have gone home, might you not ?-Yes; but Do you mean to say on your oath that there was nothing but a proper intimacy between you and Mrs. Palmer?I do. Now, I wil turn to another subject. Were you called upon to attest another proposal for 13,0001. by Walter Palner in the Universal-office ?-I cannot say; if you will let me see the groposal I shallknow. I ask you, b ir, as an attorney and a man of business, whether you cannot tell me whether you were apphed to by William Palmer to attest a proposal for an assurance for 13,0001. on the hfe of Walter Palmer ?-I say that I do not recollect it. If I could see any document on the subject I dare say I should remember it. Do you remember getting a 51.-note for attesting an assignment by Walter Palmer to his brother of such a policy ?-Perhaps I might. I dont recollect positively, The ATTORNIEY-GENERAr (handing a document to witness).-Is that your signature ?,-It is verylike my siga ture Have you any doubt about it ?.(After considerable hesitation) I have some doubt. Read the document, and tell me, on your solemn oath, whether it is your signature 9-I have some doubt whether it iS mine. Read the document, Sir. Was itpreparedin your office?It was not. I will have an answer from you on your oath one way or another. Isn't that your handwriting ?-I believe that it is not my handwriting. I think that it is a very clever imitation of it. Will you swear that it is not ?-I will. I think that it is a very good imitation of my handwriting. Baron ALDERSON. -Did you ever make such an attestation 7-I don't recollect, my Lord. The ATTORhNEY.GEXERAL.-Iook at the other signature there, " Walter Palmer," is that his signature?.-I believe that is Walter Palmer's. Look at the attestation and the words "signed, sealed, and delivered ;" are they in Mr. Pratt's handwriting?They are. Did you receive that from Mr. Pratt ?-Most lkely I did but I can't swear thatI did. It might have been sent to William Palmer. Did you receive it from William Palmer ?-I don't know; very likely I did. Did William Palmer give you that document 9-I have no doubt he did. If that be the document he gave you, and those are the signatures of Walter Palmer and of Pratt, is not the other signature yours ?-7.ll tell you, Mr. Attorney- Don't " Mr. Attorney" me, Sir! Answer my question. Isn't that your handwriting ?-I believe it not to be. Will you swear that it isn't 9-I believe that it is not. Did you apply to the Midland Counties Insurance-officein October, 1855, to be appointed their agent at Rugeley ?-I think I did. Did you send theni a proposal on the life of Bates for 10,0001.-you yourself 9-I did. Did William Palmer apply to you to send that proposal? -Bates and Palmer came together to my office with a pros. pectus,and asked me if I knew whether there was any agent for that company in Rugeley? I told them that I had never heard of one, and they then asked me if I would write and get tne appointment, because Bates wanted to raise some imoney. Did you send to the Mtidland-office and get appointed as their agent in Rugeley in order to effect that 10,001. insurance on Bates's life 7-I did. Was Bates at that time superintending WilliaM Palmer's stud and stables 7-He was. At a salary of 11. a-week ?-I can't tell his salary. After that did you go to the widow of Walter.Palmer to get her to give up her claim on the policy of her husband? j -I did. Where was she at that time ?-At liverpooL Did you receive a document from Pratt to take to her ?- William Palmer gave me one which had been directed to him. Did the widow refuse ?-She said that she should hLe her solicitor to see it; and I said, " By all means." Of course! Didn't she refuse to do it-didn't you bring it back 7?-I brought it back as I had no instructions to leave it. Didn't she say that she had understood from her husband that the insurance was for 1,0001. ? fr. SsrjeantSHEx objected to this question. What passed between the widow and witness could be no evidence against the Drisoner. The ATTonsEY-GENEm -said, that the question was intended to affect the credit of the witness, and with that view it was most important. The COURT ruled that the question could not be put. The ATToRrEy-GENERAL.-Do you not know that Walter Palmer obtained nothing for making that assign' ment 7-I believe that he ultimately did get something for it. Don't you know that what he got was a bill for 2001. ? Yes; and he had a house furnished for hin. Don't you know that he got a bill for 2001. 7-Yes. And don't you know that that bill never was paid ?-No, I do not. Now, Pll refresh your memory a little with regard to those proposals (handing witness a document). Look at that, and tell me whether it is in your handwriting 7-It is. Refreshing your memory with that, I ask you were you not applied to by William Palmer in December, 1854, to attest a proposal on the life of his brother Walter for 13,0001. in the Solicitors and General Insurance-office7-I might have been. Were you or were you not, Sir? Look at that document, and say have you any doubt upon the subject ?.-I do not like to speak from memory with reference to such matters. No; but not speaking from memory in an abstract sense, but having your memory refreshed by a perusal of that locument, have you any doubt that you were applied to ?- [ have no doubt that I might have been applied to. Have you any doubt that in January, 1855, you were called on by William Palmer to attest another proposal for 13,0001. on his brother's life in another office ; look at the locunient and tell me?-I see the paper, but I don't know; [ might have signed it in blank. Do you usually sign attestations of this nature in blank? -I have some doubt whether I did not sign several of them In blank. On your oath, looking at that document, don't you know ;hat William Palmer applied to you to attest that proposal spon his brother's life for 13,0001.7?-He did apply to me to tttest proposals in some offices. Were they for large amounts 7-One was for 13,0001. Were you applied to to attest another for the like sum in hse Universal-office ?-I might be. They were made much about the same time, were they rlot? You did not wait for the answers to come back to the irst application beforeyou made the second.-Ido not know that any answers were returned at alL Will you swear that you were not present when Walter Palmer executed the deed assigning the policy upon his life bo his brother William Palmer? Now, be careful, Mr. Smith, for depend upon it you shall hear of this again if you are not.-I wil not swear that I was. I think I was not . I am not quite positive. (Very few of the answers to these questions of the Attorney-General weregiven without considerable hesitation, and the witness appeared to labour under a sense of embarrassment which left a deeidedly unfavourable impression upon the minds of the audience.) Do you know that the 2001. bil was given for the purpose of enablingWilliamPalmer to make up a sum of 5 01.7 -I believe it was not; for Cook received absolutely from me 2001. If I am not mistaken, he tookit with him to Shrewsburv Races-not the last races. In whose favour was the bill drawn i-I think in favour Df William Palmer. I don't know what became of it. I have never seen it since. I cannot state with certainty who awv me on the Monday; but I called at the Talbot &rms. and went into Cook's room. Oiie of the servants gave me a candle. As well as I can remember, the servant who did so was either Bond, Mills, or Lavinia Barnes, I can't say which. Re-examined by Mr. Serjeant SiEE.-I have known Mrs. Palmer, the prisoner's mother, for 20 years. It is upwards of 20 years since her husband died. I should think she must be about 60 years of age. William Palmer is not her eldest son. Joseph is the eldest. He resides at Liverpool and is a timbor merchant. He is 45 or 46 yeans of age. I think George is the next son. He lives at Rugeley. He was Erequently at his mother's house. There is another son, a clergyman of the church of England, He resided with his mother until within the last two years, except when ho was at a college. There is a daught.er. She lives with her mother. There are three servants. Mrs. Palmer's family does not visit much in the neighnourhoodof Rugeley. Her house is a large one, and there ara many spare bedrooms in it. I slept in the room nearesi the old churcn. Mr. Serjeant SssxE.-Is there any pretence for saying you have ever been charged wii any improper intimay with Mrs. Paln.e Witness.-I hope not. Mr. Serjeant SHEssx-Is there any pretence for saying SO? Witness.-There o"ght not to be. Mr. Serjeant Sux.-Is there any truth in the statement or suggestion that. you have had any improper intimacy with Mrs. Palmer? Witness.-They might have saidso, but they had nac reason for saying so. St. Serjeaut SirEE.-Is there any trath in the staten,enrt ? Witness.-I should say not. (LAughter.) William Joseph Sanders, a witness, subpCjrnaed both by the Crown and the prisoner, was then caled upon his recog' nizauce, but did uot appear. The ATr Q UY-GxENRAL 8d; 112 gle hould be ext:emely sory to cominence his reply if there were any chance of the tness nak2ng his appearance. Lord CUIPBnEL.-There does not appear to be the slightest chance. Be has been calledrepeatedly. Mr. Serseant SHuE said, he saould now ask for the production of a letter written by Cook to Palmer en the 4th of January, 1855. The letter, of which the following is a copy, was then pat in and read:- "Mydea Si,-Isen up"Lutterworth, Jan. 4, 1855. t My dear Sir,-I sent up to London on Tuesday to back St. Hubert for 50l., and my commission has returned l0s. d. I hate, therefore, booked 250 to 25 against him, to gain money. There is a small balance of 18L. due to you, which I forgot to give you the other day. Tell Will to debit me with it on account of your share of training Pyrrhine. I ill also write to hima to do so, as there will be a balance due from himt to 3me. 'Yours faithfully, "W. Palmer, Esq. IJ.IX.RSONS COOKx. Mr. Serjeaut SHEE contended that he was entitled to reply on the part of the evidence. The course taken by the Attorney-General in getting at the contents of the check, the contents of an assignment of the Policy on Walter Palmer's life and the contents of the proposals to various offices for the insurance, he submitted entitled him to a Toply Io those points. Tle LORD CE{1EF JUISTICE.-We are of opinion that you have no right to reply. Mr. Baron ALLDERSON.-That is quite clear. The ATTORNEY-GE-YRiAL said, he had been taken somewhat by surprise yesterday by the evidence of Dr. Richardson with respect to the disease known as ac27i7apectoris. Dr. Richardson adverted to several books and autborities. He had nowv those books in his possession, and he was desirous of putting some questions arising out of that part of the evidence. The Court decided against the application. The case for the defence having been concluded, The ATTOsx2Y-GEN'-RA.J rose to reply on the part of the Crown and spoke as follows-May itplease yourlordships and gentlemen of the jury, the case for the prosecution and that for the defence are before you, and it now becomes my duty to address to you sach observations upon the whole of the evidence as suggest themselves to my mind. I feel that I have a most solemn and important duty to perform. I wish that I could have answered the appeal made to me the other day by my learned friend Serjeant Shee, and say that I am satisfied with the casevwhich hosuLbmitted toyouforthe defence; but standing here asthe instrxument of publicjustice, I feel that I should be wanting in rhe duty I have to perform if I did not revert to my original position, and again solicit at your hands a verdict of guilty against tho accused. I approach the consideration of the case in what, Ihope, I may term a spirit of fairness and moderation. My business is to convince you, if I can, by facts and legitimate arguments, of the prisoner's guilt; and if I cannot establish it to your satisfaction, no man will rejoice more than I shall in a verdict of acquittal. Gentlemen, in the mass of evidence which has been brought before you two main questions present themselves prominentlyfor your consideration. Did the deceased man, into whose death -we are now inquiring, die a natural death, or was he taken off by the foul means of poison? And if the latter proposition be sanctioned by the evidence, then comes the important question, -whether the prisoner at the bar was the author of his death? I will proceed with the consideration of the subject in the order I have mentioned. Did John Parsons Cook die by poison? I again assert the affirmative of that proposition. The case submitted to you on behalf of the Crown is this-that, having been first practised upon by antimony, Cook was at last klled by strychnine. The first question to be considered is-what was the immediate and proximate cause of his death. The witnesses for the prosecution have told you, one and all, that, in their judgment he died of tetanus, which signifies a convulsive spasmodic action of the muscles of the body. Can there be any doubt that their opinion is correct? Of course it does not follow that, because he died of tetanus, it must be the tetanus of strychnine. That is a matter for after consideration. But, inasmuch as strychnine produces death by tetanus, we must see, in the first place, whether it admits of doubt that he did die of tetanus. I have listened with great attention to every form in which that disease has been brought under your consideration-whether by the positive evidence of witnesses, or by reference to -the works of scientific writers-and I assert deliberately that no case, either in the human sabject or in the animal, has been brought under your notice in which the symptoms of tetanus have been so marked as in this case. From the moment the paroxysms came on in which the unhappy man died, the symptoms were of the most marked and striking character. Every muscle, says the medical man who was present at the time, was convulsed-he expressed the most intense dread of saffocation-he entreated them to lift him up lest he should be suffocated-every fibre of his body, from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet, was contracted-the flexibility of the trunk and of the limbs was gone-and you could only have raised him up as you would. have lifted a corpse. In order that he might escape from the asnse of suffocation they turned him over, and then, in the midst of that fearful paroxysm, one mighty spasm seems to have seized his heart, to have pressed from it the life-blood, and the result was death. And when he died his bodv exhibited the most marked symptoms of this fearful disease. He was convulsed from head to foot. You could have rested him on his head and heels-his hands were clasped with a grasp that it required force to overcome, and his feet were twisted so as to resemble a nauhral mal formation. Then, if it was a case of tetanus-into which fact I will not waste your time by inquiring-the question arises, was it a case of tetanus produced by strychnine? I wiU confine myself for a moment to the exhibition of the symptoms as described by the witnisses. Tetanus may proceed from natural causes as well as from the administration of poisons, and while the symptoms last they are the same. But in the course of the symptoms, and before the disease reaches its consummation in the death of the patient, the distinction between the two is marked by characteristics which enable any one conversant with the subject to distingaish between them. We have been told that the distinctions are these-natural tetanus is a disease not of minutes, not of hours, but of days. It takes-say ssveralwitnesses-from three tofour days; andwill extendto aperiodof even three weeksbefore the patient dies. Uponthat point we have the most abundant and conclusive evidence. We have examined Sir Benjamin Brodie, a man, I need scarcely say, of the most exalted eminence in his profession, Mr. Carling, Dr. Todd, Dr. Daniel, a gentleman who has seen between 25 and 30 cases of natural tetanus in India, and all these distinguished witnesses give exactly the same description of the course which the case invariably takes, Idiopathic or natural tetanus, therefore, is out of the ques tion. Traumatic tetanus is out of the question for a different reason. That description of disease is brought on by the lesion of some part of the body. But what is there in this case to show that there was anything lie lesion at all? We have had several representations of the death of Cook by witnesses who appear to have come into court-I say it with the deepest sorrow-for the express purpose of studiously mnisconceiving and misinterpreting the facts of this caseWe have caUed before you an eminent physician who had Cook under his care. It seems that, in tho spring of the year 18S5, Cook, having found certain small spots in one or two parts of his body, and having something of an ulcerated tongue and a sore throat, conceived that he was labouring under symptoms of a particular character. He addressed himself to Dr. Savage, who found that the course of medicine he had been pursuing was an erroneous one. He enjoined the discontinuance of mercury. His injunction was obeyed, and the result was that the patient. was suffering neither from disease nor wrong treatment. But lest there should be any possibility of mistake, Dr. Savage made him como to him again and again to see that all was going on well, and this medical witness assures us that long before the summer advanced every unsatisfactory symptom had entirely disappeared; there was nothing wrong about Cook except that affection of the throat to which thousands of people are subject. In other respects the man was better than he had been, and might bo said to be convalescent. On the very day that he left London to go into t'he country, a fortnight before the races, his stepfather, who accompanied him to the station, congratulated him upon his healthy and vigorous appearance; and the young man, conscious of restored health, staucc his breast and said, "I am well, very welL" Then he goes to Shrewsbury, and shortly afterwards arose those matters to which I am about to call your attention. I want to know in what part of the evidence there is the slightest pretence for saying that ihis man had an affection which might bring On traumatic tetanus? It is said that he had exhibited his tongue towitnesses and applied for a mercurial wash, but it is clear that, although he had at one time adopted that course, he had, under the recommendation of Dr. Savage, got rid of it, and there is no justification for saying he was suffering under syphilitic affection of any kind. The statement has been negatived by a man of the highest authority and distinction, There is not a shadow of fouudation for it, and I should be false to my duty if I did not denounce itas utterly ndeserving of your attention. There was nothing about the man to give even a colour of probability to the suposition that there was in any part of his body any mar3, wound, or lesion-syphilitic or otherwisethat could. result in traumatic tetanus. One or two cases of traumaa2o tetanus have been adduced in the evidence which has been brought forward for the defence. One is the case of. a man in the London Hospital, who was brought into that institution one evening and died the same night. But what are the facts? The facts are, that before he had been brought inhe had had a paroxysm early in the morning, and that he was suffering from ulcers of the most aggravated description. The symptoms had run their course rapidly, it is true, but the case was not one of minutes, but of hours. Another case has been brought forward in which a toe wa., amputated, but there we have disease existing some tima b*fNq death. BAt theu It is suggested that thi3 mj' e a case of idiopathic tetanus proceeding from-what? They say that Cook was a maan of a delicate ConstitUtion, subject to excitement; that he had something the matter with his I chest; that in addition to having something the matter with his cheAt he had a diseased condition of throat; and, putting all these things together, they say that if the mnan had taken cold he might have got idiopathic tetanus. We are here launched into asea of speculations and possibilities. Dr. Nanneley, who comes here for the purpose of inducing you to believe there was something like idiopathic tetanus, goes through the bead-roU of Cook's supposed infirmities, talks about his excitability, his delicacy of chest, his affection of the throat, and says these things would predispose to idiopathic tetnus if he took cold. But what evidence is there that he did take cold? Not the slightest in the world. There is not the smaUest pretence that he ever complained of a cold or was treated for a cold. I cannot help saying that it is a scandal upon a learned, distinguished, and liberal profession that men should come forward with speculations and conjectures such as these, and that they should misinterpret facts and extract from them sophistical and unwarrant-able conclusions with the view of deceiving a jury. I have the greatest respect for science. No man can have a greater. Bnt I cannot repress my indignation and abhorrence when I see itpe-verted and prostituted to the prejudice-of truth in a court of justice. A medical witness has talked to you about certain excitements being the possible causes of idiopathic tetanus. You remember the sorts of excitement of which he spoke. They are unworthy of your notice. They were topics discreditable to be put forward by a witness as worthy of your consideration. But suppose for a single moment that exccitement at the time could produce any such effect, where is the excitement manifested by Cook as leading to the supposed disease? They say that the man vwhen his horse won at Shrewsbury was for a moment excited And well he might be. His fortunes depended upon the result of the race, and I will not deny that he was overpowered with emotions of joy. But those emotions subsided, and we have no further trace of thenm from that time to the moment of his death. The man passed the rest of the day with his friends in ordinary conversation and enjoyment. No symptom of emotion was exhibited. He is taken iU. He goes to Rugeley. He is taken il there again. But is there the slightest symptom of excitement about him, or of depression? Not the least. When he is ill, like most people, he is low-spirited. As soon as he gets a little better he is cheerful and happy. He invites his friends and converses with them. On the night of his death his conversation is fuU of merriment and joy; he is mirthful and happy; little thinking, poor wretch, of the awful fate that is hanging over him. He is cheerful, and talL-s of the future, but not in the language of frantic excitement. What pretext, then, is there for this idle stozy about excitement so intense and convulsive as possibly to have excited idiopathic tetanus ? There is not a shadow of a pretext for any sach theory. But even if there were excitement or depression-if these things were capable of producing idiopathic tetanus, the tetanus of disease is so unlike the tetanus of poison it is impossible to mistake the two. What are the cases which they attempt to set up against us ? They brought aU the way from Scotland a gLrl named Watson, who deposed that, though she had not takeh any poison and had no wound of any kind on her body, she was attacked; with a violent paroxysm in the month of October last year. But in cross-examination it appeared that she had been iU all day, was taken worse at night, had a pain in her stomach and cramps in her arms, wVs for a while quite insensible, but soon recovered, and went about her business. That is the case they have brought forward as a parallelfor that mortal anguish-the spasmsthe convulions-the death agony of this unhappy man! This is the sort of evidence with which they attempt to meet the appaUing case that now engages your attention. Gentlemen, I venture, upon the evidence which has been brought before you, to assert boldly that the cases of idiopathic and traumnatic tetanus are marked by clear and obvious characteristicsdistinguishing them from the tetanus of strychnine; and I say that the tetanus which accompanied Cook's death is not referable to either.of these forms of tetanus. It was the tetanus not of disease, but of poison. You have upon this point the evidence of men of the highest competency and most unquestionable integrity, and upon their testimony I am satisfied you can come to no otherconclusionthan that this was not a case of either idiopathic or traumatic tetanus. But, then, various attempts have been made to setup different causes as capable of producing this tetanic disease. First wehavethetheory of general convulsions; and Dr. Nnnneley, having gone through thehead-roll of the supposed infirmities of Cook, says, "Oh, this may have been a case of general convulsions-I have known general convulsions assumin" a tetanic character." Therefore I asked him this question,"" Have yoa ever seen one single case in which convulsions marked by tetanic symptomas were not also accompanied by entire unconsciousness on the part of the patient He replied, "No; Ihave never seen any such case, but I am told that in the books Eome such case is reported." And then he went on to cite Dr. Copland's book as an authority for the theory that general convulsions may be accompanied by tetanic symptoms. Now, Dr. Copland, I apprehend, would stand higher as an authority than the maan who quotes him. Dr. Copland might have been called, but was not called, notwithstanding the challenge which I threw out, because it is, unfortunately, easier to gather together from the east and from the west practitioners of more or less celebrity than to bring to bear on the subject the light of science as treasured in the books of the eminent practitioners. But I say, as regards general convulsions the distinction is plain. Ef they destroy the patient they previously destroy his conscioPnmess. But here we have no suchstate of facts. It is beyond all controversy, that from the firbt moment of Cook's attack till }is bursting heart ceased to beat consciousness remained. But then comes another supposed condition, from which it is conjectured that death in this particular form may have resulted. It appears from the evidence that at the post 7nortem examination certain granules were discovered in the spinal marrow of Cook, and it is attempted to be shown, upon the authority of Mr. Partridge, -a surgeon, I admit, of thehighest eminence and the most anblenished honour-that these granules may have occasioned tetanic convulsions. Mr. Partrid-e was called to prove that this may have been a case oF what is caUed arachnitis, arising from granules. I asked him to explain the symptoms which he would find in suach a case. I caUed his attention to what it had evidently not been called to before, namely, the symptoms in Cook's case, and I asked him in simple terms whether, looking at the symptoms, he would pledge his reputation, in the face of the medical world and in the face of this Court, that this was a case of arachnitis ? He would not do so, and the case of arachnitis went. Then we had a gentleman from Scotland to inform us as the next proposition, that Cook'swas a case of epileptic convulsions with tetanic complications. Well, I asked him tlhis question, "Did you ever know of epilepsy, with orwithout tetanic complications, in which consciouasess was not destroyed before the patient died ?" His reply was, "No, I cannot say that I ever did, but I have read in some book that such a case has occurred."-"Is there anything to make you think this was epilepsy?" "It may have been epilepsy, because I don't know what else it was."-"But you must admit that epilepsy is characterized generaUy by loss of consciousness; what difference would the tetanic complications have made ?" That he was munable to explain. r remind you of this species of evidence that you may perceive that you have had before you witaesses who have resorted to the most speculative reasoning and put forwvard the barest possibilitiesin support of theories for which there is little if any foundation. But this I undertake to assert, that there is not a single case to which they have spoken from their experience, or as the result oftheir own knowledge, in which there were theformidable and decisive symptoms of marked tetanus which existed inthe present case. Having gone through these four sets of diseases-eneral convulsions, arachnitisa, pilepsy proper,and epilepsy with tetanic complications, I uppDosedt wve had pretty nearly exhausted the whole of their ;csentifDc theories. But we were destined to have another, mnd that assumed the formidable name of anginae pectoris. ttmust have struck you when my learned friend openedhis ase, that he never ventured to -assert the nature of the lisease to which they refer the death of Cook; and it staikes ne as most remarkable that no less than five distinct. and ieuarate theories are set up by the witnesses who have, been called-general convulsions, arachnitis, epilepsy proper, cpilepsy with tetanic complications, and lastly, onpina DCCtOriS. 3ry learned friend hado an advantage in not itatingto you what his medical witnesses would, set up, because I admit that one after another they tocktme by iurprise. The gentleman who was called yesterday and who tallked of anginar pect-s would have not escaped so 'sally if I had been in possession of the bookc to whEich be referred; for I should have been able to expese the igao-l lance or the presumption of the assertions he dared to make. [ say the ignorance or tae presumption, or, -w.at is worse, -he deliberate intention to decive. I lay to his charge one r other of these three, and, in the presence of this Court, and in the face of the whole medical profession, I assert tkat one or other of these charges Ishould have 1been able to su> stantiate. The medical witnesses for the Sefence differ-cue )nd aU in their views; but there is a remrakable coincienee .etween the opinions of some of them and the opinions of ihose who have been examined on the other side. AJl the credical men brought forward by thi defence-Pntiidge, Robinsoi, and Letheby, concnr with Sir B. Brodic- and the Aher Crown -vitnesses in declaring t1at, in the w-o?e comrse If their experience, and in the whoZa range of thiL- learming nd observation, they know of ho disease t -which the symptoms in Cook's case can be referred. Wisr such men s tnese agree upon any point it is impossible to exaerate its importance. If it he the fact that theze is no nown isease which can account feor such symptoms as those ia Cook's case, and that they are referable to poison alone, can you have any doubt that that poison was strychnia? rhe symptoms, at aU events, from the timethe parox_ys=s set in, are precisely the same. Distinctions are soughb. to be made by the sophistry of the witnesses for the dofeace between some of the autecedent symptoms and socrvn oi the others. I think I shell show you that ttesi distincotions are imaginary, and that there is no founcdation for them. Ithink I may say that the witnessea called for the defence admit this, that, from the time tl< paroxysm set in of which Cook died, until the time of h! .5 death, the symptoms are precisely similar to that of tetanus by strychnine. But then they say-and this as worthy of m ost particular attentionthere are poir.:S of difference which have led them to the conclusion t.nat these symptoms could not have resulted from strycbn^e. In the first place, they say that the period which elapsti between the supposed administration of the poison ang the first appearance of the symptoms is longer than 'tby have observed in the animals en which they have e.xperimented. The first observation which arises in thiesthatthere is a known difference between inimlal and huiae life, in the power with wlhieh oertain specific Inppns aob ur.oa theiro rSgit, son, Itmay weUbethat poisonadminidered I X ra it,produce itseffect inagiven time. It by no means foUows that it will produce the same effect in the same time on an animal of a different description. Still less does it follow tehiat it e wil exerce its baneful influence in the sane time on a human iwUject. The whole of the ecidence on both sides leads to establish this fact, thAt not only in individual of different species, but inindvidtuto of the same species, the same poison and -the same ifluence wil produce effectg different in degree, different in duration~, different in power, lut again t iserfectly motorios that the rapidity with which t-he poTison ein o -work depends mainly upon the mhode of its administration. If iteis adf inisteredin a fluid state it acts with great rapidity. If it is given in a solid state its effects come on more slowly. If it is given in an indurated substance it will act with si greater tardiness. Then what wa the period at which this pison began to act after its administration, assming it -to Ye Deen poison? It seems, from hr. Jones's statemenrt, that Palmer came to administer the pills Somewhere about 11 o'clock, hut they were not administered on his first arrbial, for the patient, as if with an intuitive sense of the death that awaited him, strongly resisteed. the attempts to make him takethem; andno doabt these reuasotrsaces, and the endeavours to overcome them, mocu.- pied some period of time. The prls were at last given. Assuming-which I only do for the sake of argument'-that the pills contained strychnine, how soon dlid thev begn to operate? vdtr. Jones says he went down to his supaer, and came hack ahain shout 12 o'clock. Upon his return to theo room, after a word or two of conversation waith Cook, he proceeded to undress and go to bed, ant d had not been i bed 10 minutes before a warning came that another of the paroxysms was about to take p ae. The maidservant ts stll earlier, and it apars thatdas early aslO minutes ~or 12th fistalarm was given which would make0 the inteoura little more than thre-uTersof an hour. When these witnesses thells would takke e an hour nd a alf,or two hours, we see hero another of those epgeridafted tdeterminations to aee the facts only in theway that wl itbe mnost favourable to thfe prisoner. I fnd n sme f te experiments that have been mnade that theduration o m time, before the poison begins to work-, has behe lithtl if anything, les thren an hour. In the case of theegirlhatGlasgow it was statedl that it was three-quearters fan hgourbefore the pills began to work. There may have been some reason for the pls not tAkin effca t wthina certain periol after their administration. would he easy to maix them up -with substances difficult of solution, or which mlight retard their action. I cannot bring myself to believe that if in al other respects you are perfectly satisfied that the symintoins, the consequ ences, the effects, were analogous and similar in al2 respects to those produced b strychnine, you will conclade that in this case strytanine was not administered, and found your conclusion on the simple fact that a quarter of an hour more than usual 3may have elapsedl before the pRils operated. Buat they say the premonitory symptoms were wantingC. They assert that in the case of aninuals the animal at first manifests some uneasiness, shrinks, and draws itself into, itself, as it were, and avoids moving; that certain involuntary twitchings about the head come on, and that there were no such premonitory symptomas in Co-ok's case. I utterly deny the proposition. I say there were preimonitory symptoms of the most marked character. He is lying in his bed; he suddenly starts up in an agony of alarm. What made him do that? Was there nothing premonitory therenothing that warned him the paroxysm was coming cn? He jumps up, says " Go ana fetchPalmer-fetch me help ! Iam ging to be ill as I was last night ! What was that but a o wledge that the symptoms of the previous night were returning, and a warning of what he might expect unless some relief were obtamed? He sits up and p rays to have his neck rubbed. What was the feeling about his neck hut a premonitory symptom, which was to precede the paroxysms that were to suiervenc? He begs to have his neck rubbed, and that givei him some comfort. But here they saythis could not have been tetanus from strychnine, because animals cani'ot bear to be touched, for a touch brings on a paroxysm-not only a touch, but a breath of air, a sound, a word, a movement of anvono near will bring on a return of the paroxysm. nlo,l in three cases of death from strychninie we have shown that the patient has endured rubbing of the lighbs, and received satisfactior from that rubbing. In lrs. Smith's case, when her legs were distorted, she prayed and entreated that she might have them straightened. The lady at Leeds, in the case which Dr. Nunneley himself attended, implored her husband between the spasms to rub her legs and arms in order to overcome therigidity. That case was within his own knowledge, and yet in spite of it, although he detected strychnine in the body of the unhappy woman, he dares to say that Cookls having tolerated the rubbing between the paroxysms is a proof that he hadnot takenstrychnine. Then there is the case of Clutterbuck. He had taken an overdose of strychnine, and suffered from the reappearance of tetanus, and his only comfort was to have his legs rubbed. Therefore, I say that the continued endeavonr to persuade a jury that the fact of Cook's having had his neck rnbbed proves that this is not tetanus by strychnine, shows nothing hut the dlishonesty and insincerity of the witnesseswho have so dared to pervert the facts. But they go further, and contend that Cook was able to swallow. So he was before tho aroxysms came on. But nobody has ever pretended that e could swallowv afterwards. He swallowed the pills, and, what is very curious, and illustrates part of the theory, is this-that it was the act of swallowing the pills, a sort of movement in raising his head, which brought on the violent parox-ysim in which he died. So far from militating against the supposition that this was a case of strychnine, the fact strongly confirms it. Then they call our attention to the appearances after death, and they say there are circamstances to be found which go against this being a case of strychnine They say the limbs became rigid either at the time of death or iammediately after, and that ought not to bo found in a case of strychnine. Dr. Nunneley says, " I have always found the limbe of animals become flaccid before death, and I have not found them become rigid after death." Now, I can hardly believe that statement. The very next nwitness who got into the box told us that he had made two exresments upon cats and killed them both, and he described them as indurated and contracted when he found them some hours after death. And yet the presence of rigidity in the body immediately after death is put forth by Dr. Nnnneley as one of his reasons for saying that this is not a death by strychnine, although Dr. Taylor told us that, in the case of one of the cats the rigidity of the body was so great that he could hold it out by the leg in a horizontal position. Notwithstanding that evidence Dr. Nunneley has the audacity to say that he does not believe this is a case of strychnine, because there was rigidity of the limbs, because the feet were distorted, the hands clinched, and the muscles rigid. This shows what you are to thin3k- of the honestv of this sort of evidence, in which facts are selected because they make in favour of particular hy otheses of the person advancing them. The next point relied on is that the hcart was empty, and that in the animals operated upon by Dr. Nnnneiey and Dr. Lethebv the heartpvas fulL I don't think thapt applies to all cases. But it is a remarkable fact connected w-ith the history of the poison that you never can rely upon the precise form of its symPtomS and appearances. There are only certain great, eding, marked, cha racteristic features. We have here the main, marked, leading characteristic features; and we have what is more-collateral incidents, similar to the cases in which the administration and the fact of death have been proved beyond aU possibility of dispute. Why, in two cases which havebeen mentioned-thatof Mrs. Smyth and the Glasgow girl-the heart was coinpressed and empty. We know that in no cases of tetanus death may result from more than one cause. ALl the muscles of the body aro subject to the exciting action of the poison. But no one can tell in what order these muscles may be affected, or where the poisonous influence will put forth. When it arrests the play of the lungs and the breathing of- the atmospheric air, the result will be that the heart is full; but if some spas seizes on the heart the heart wfil be empt. You have neverany perfect certainty as to the mode in which the symptoms will exhibit themselves. Thisis brought forward as a conclusive fact against death by strychnine, and yet the men who make this statement under the sanction of scientific authority have heard both cases goken to by the gentlemen -who examined the bodies. A en, with regard to congestion of the brain, and other vessels, the same obserTation applies. Instead of being kdlled by action on the respiratory muscles of the heart, death is the result of a. long series of paroxysms, and you expect to find the brain and other vessels congested by that series of convulsive spasms. As death tak-es plcefrom one or other of these causes, so will the appearances be. There is every reason to. believe that the symptoms iu this case were symptoms of tetanus in the strongest and most aggravated form. Looking at the peculiar sufferings which attended this unhappy, man, setting aside the theory of convulsions, of epilepsy, of archnitis, and angina pedo-isw, and excluding idiopatbice and traumatic tetanus-what remains? The tetanus of strychnine, and the tet;aus of strychnine alone. Andcil prayyeor attention to the eases in which there was no ques. ion as to strychnine havingbeen administered in which ihe, symptoms were so simBiar-so analogous-that I think you. cannot hesitate to cons to the conclusion that this death was death by strychnine. Several witnesses of the hig'L eminence, both on the part of the CrowFn and for the- defenee, agree that i We whole range of their experienc obxervation, and lknow:dge, they have known of no z,Atusal disease to which those remarkable symptoms can ba attrihulted. That being so, and there being a kno, poigon which will roduce them, how strong, how coge't bow irresistible is t- aconclusion that it is thai poi and that poison alone to which they are to ba-tucd! On the other hand. am bound in candour toh duit 0iat the case is not without its difficulties. Strychaina wan ot found in this bedy, and we baveit, no doubt, up*n.sAowc evidence that, a geai variety of experiments upo0 a h Ieeldes of animals'kledlby strychnine, strychnine hasheen,detected by tests which science places at the disposa of .iemtiS c men. If strychmnne h ad been found of course S:r rg woldh hve been no d fficulty in the case, and we shon l? n 3lad none of the ingeniows theories which mediesli gen have, keen calld here to propound. But tq q, stion foryour consideration is whether the absenae eof its deteetice leadsaconclusively to the conclusion iha t t s death v; not caused by the administra tion c,sts K> w5 in the first place, under what ci mipst,aneas w ezamination m ade by Dr. Taylor a4gd, Dr. Rc es? 'ibey have told us that the stomach c t . r a was b rpnhf to them for anialyzatio n under ta e st stnfavcgra l circumasances. They state that t!,cont ,et t of the F, ,iSra, had been lost, and that, therefc;p_ the y had no oppoetugity of experimenting upon them, It i& true that J ihy who put the portions of the body ipto. t jar make st e somewhat different. But there a p ea to haxc bn accident some spilllig of thccontex mt, and theze ile mt undeniable evidence of ccuiidera.ile bun ging i, ihe way in which the stomach had been cut and placed in te. jar. "It was cut," says Dr. Tayl,9r, "I fom end to M.d, and it was tied up at both ends." I I t been turmea among the intestines, and placed aupwg a mass of fecu2,si matter, and wa-, altogether in the ulek ;"tisfactory eendation for analyrntion. It is very truetliat Dr. Nunnoe y, ,rx Herapath,th Dr. Letheby says that whatever impgiLties there maya tave have been, ifstrychnine had been in the stomacl3 they would has-s found strychnine there, no matter how - iicomposed or putreseent the oragao matter might-b,, Bearing n 3nmind .Ur. erapath' emienece in his p-ofession, Ih ould have had much oede nc ins his onytestimony were it not forthe active and salous feelingg of parthisuship whicc he has manifested omt repeated occasions in the course of thin inquiry. I,t hh"d f f~iffle to my m k ie that he hiad b!ca
IRELAND. (FROM OUR OWN COll:NDFV.NI.) I - - - - DUB12;, SxAr Y. - An there are at present three cavalry regiment; stationed in Dublin, in justice to two of them (the 2d and 3d Dragoon Guards) it should no- longer be concealed that the corDs implicated in the recent brawl atthe elubinSt. Step1,en's-green-isthe16th, Queen's Own Lancers. It is stated by an Irish mnilitary 3ournal that the expulsions Comprised no less than eiglht officers--viz, two majors, three captains, two lieutenants, and one doctor. The Marquis of Westmeath presided at the meeting, which decided by 04 to 4 for ridding the club of the offenders. The Idmerick papers received to-day bring accounts of a very discreditable outrage which occurred in that city on Thursday evening. The Observer, an impartial auathority, gives the following version of the affair "Just as we were going to press our reporter has furnished us with the particulars, so far as they can be at present ascertained, of an outrage on the religious feelings of our Catholic fellow-citizems, which, but for the judicious conduct and high influence of the Rev. Mr. Synan on the people, would in all probability have been attended with the miost disastrous results, even to the extent of the sacrifice of human life. When the procession of bishop, clergy, and peop]e was retnning from the consecration of the new v uriaground, as they were passing the Ordcnance Barracks in Mulgrave-street, a ;party of sergeants or corporals of the battery of Horse Artllery stationed there came out, some of them wearing hats made of straw, in derision of the bishop's mitre, and others mocking the singing of hymns by drawling out some ridiculous doggrel. The excitement of the people at this atrocious insult to their religion was scarcely possible to be controlled; the women pelted them with stones, and a rush having been made uponthem bythe crowd, they tool, refuge in Mdr. Sheeliy's publchouse, oppa site the barrack-gate. At the moment acting-constable Connolly and his party came up, and rendered most effective assistance to the clergymen wvho interposed. The Rev. Mr. Synan having ascertained the names of the military concerned, calmed the excitement of the people and induced them to separate, assuring them that the matter would not zest there. A respectable member of the CongregatedTrades, lIr. Davis, a mason, stripped one of the artillexymen of the caricature of a mitre which he wore, and has it in his possession. All is now quiet." Another account says,- " The matter was at once communicated to the General, Sir James C. Chatterton, and to Colonel Cuprage and Mr. 'ILeod, Sub-Inspector, and an investigation was instituted into the facts. Head-ConstableDalyproceededtoftheArtilerv barracks, and saw the men charged with the outrage, lt was not denied that the mock mitre had been made by one of them,; but he stated he made it, not in mcckery of a mitre, but for the purpose of placing it on the head of a person who was aocustomed to sethem play cards in the house they frequented. We, are told that one of the sergeants stated to Head-Con-- stable Daly that he had been for several years in Gibraltar,. -where he vitnessed the -ceremonies of the Catholc religion, and that he would be the last person in the world to give-. offence. He did not state, however, why he chose that time and circuimstance for a display that has offered great . cause of offence and the deepest excitemrent among the people. Groups continued all the evening to discuss the subject, and the greatest anxiety prevaled. Conel Cuppage bad the sergeants placedunderarrestforthwith,.: and a military inquiry has been instituted, with the result of which we are not informed; but the matter is not likely to be allowed to rest, nor ought it." On the day folloving an investigation was held before the city magistrates, and at its edose the commanding officer of the ArLillery entered the court and informed the bench that the men were placed under arrest, that there would be a court-martial on Monday, and that the civil power coulld talke cogmnzance of the matter afterwards if they thought proper. TE, FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 93A 193; ditto, for account, 9th of - Junre 93q 4-,; New Three per Cent. Stock, 93s i; ditto,: for account, 9th of June, 93d3; City of Dublin Steam Company (1001. paid), 5S.t 59 x. d.; Mining Company of Ireland (71. paid), 14 t. Railways.-Cork and Bandon (50L paid), SA; Dublin and Belfast Junction (451. paid, 44;- )ublin and Wicklow (101. paid), 5, 1 i undalk and. Enniskillen (307. paid), 13Di; Great Southern and Western (50l. paid), 52;, * ditto, for account, 52 ; ditto, 4 per cent. pre. (121. paid), 11; Killarney Junction (10!. paid), 93; illand Great Western and Royal Canal (501. paidj, 5L
THE SUNDA Y BANDS. I DEMONSTRATION ON PRTIhlOSE-ILL. Towards the close of last week a statement was publicly madc by a body styling themselves a " Committee for Pro3notiog Sunday MIusic in the Pariks," and sitting at thhe Cranbourn Hotel, St. MIartin's-lane, to the effect that " an aggregate metropolitan demonstration" would be made yesterday on Primrose-hill, at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, to protest against the discontinuance of the music in the parks on Suadays, and stllm further to express the wishes oF the people on the subject. The demonstration, such as it was,. accordingly took place in that locality, which ordinarily on a Snnday in fine weather is a- favonrite suburban rendezvous. Between 2 and 4 o'clock numbers of people continued to -wend their way up the hill from all' directions, and by the hozr appointed for the meetingat least a thousand persons had assembled on its summit. There a considerable quantity of the material intended for the forthcoming pyrotechnic display had been previously collected, and was carefully protected by a guard of soldiers - and afewpoliceman. A detachment oEinfantry also guarded the wooden sheds erected on the slope of the hill, and contanlung fireworks, from the too near approach of the popu- About 3 o'clock some disappointment was occasioned among the crowd by the circulationof a handbiR intimating - thatthecommittee at whose inutance the demonstration was to be made, finding it impossible for the human voice to reach so large an assembly, had resolved npon having recourse to other means for eliciting the op on of, the meeting. At 5 o'clock precisely, they said, a union jack would be hoisted on the top of the hill, when all persons favourable to the accompanying resolution would raise their hands-namely, "That the peonle now in public meeting assembled, considering the msiin the Parks, established by Sir Benjamin HOl, to be an in- aocent and healthful recreation, regret its suddendiscontinuance, and hope it may be speedily renewed." The crowd, which included a great number of vwell- dressed and -respectable persons of both sexes, hadup to this time sauntered about on the sumnmit of the hill, enjoying the light, iefreshing breeze which played over it, and the fine panoramic view of the metropolis and its suburbs which it affords on everz hand. Shortly before 4, however, a soaking shower of ram drove nearly the whole of the reople downthe hill ingreathasteforshelter, which they soug'htundertheporticoeso theadjacent houses, andin every other available place. The rain ceased in about half am hour, and the greater part of them returned to the top of the hilL A German band, which had in the interval arrived, played a number of airs, but the mnsic wa6 of a very humble kind; and the company seemed to treat it rather as an assertion of the right for which they were contending than as a thing from which they derived any gratification. About this time Mr. Arthur Kimnnaird, l.P., was seen moving about among the crowd, unknown to them, and carefully watching their demeanour, which, throughout the whole of the afternoon, it is but justice to say was above all praise. But had the presence of this nspicuous leader in the Sabbatarian movement been known to them the event might have proved that he had reckoned without his host in making his appearance on-such an occasion. At 5 o'clock the union jack was raised on the hill, indiciting that the resolution, given above, was being put, when the assembly raised a hearty and almz-t unanimous cheer in its favour. With this ceremony the demonstration ended, unaccompanied by any act of disturbance, and the people gradually dispersed. HYDE-PARK AND KENSINGTONT-GARDENS. It having been announced that, in spite of the decision of. the Government, a band of first-rate musiciars, provided bysome influential persons in favour of Sunday music, wouid attend inHyde Park yesterday, the people beg&n to assemble shortly after 2 o'clock, and crowds of well dressed ladies and gentlemen continued to- pour in until nearly 4, when several thousand persons were present. Shortly afterwards a band of 20 musicians, all dressed, alike in green coats and red facings, made their appearance, bringing with them instruments, music, and music stands. No notice was ta:-en ofthembythefewpolice on duty, and,having selected a spot in the vicinity of the receiving-house of the Royal Humane Society, a ring was formed, and they commenced playing several popular airs a-d selections from various operas. After playing for about an hour a heavy shower came down, the band hastily commenceo the" "Natonal Anthem," and the crowd soon began to disperse, thidkng the musichad teruminated foretheday. Ie- - meviately after, hovever, the sun shone ont agiMn, aonud the music was resumed. The band was that of Mtr. Ondry, from the Pavilion at Brighton, who had come to London st a amoment's notice for the purpose of playing in the park. It was excpected that the Zouave trumpeters, now engfaged on a; :provineial tour, under the direction of xl Jullen, would perform- on the occasion; but 'circumstances rendered it., impossible for them to arrive in London in tume. In Kensington-gardens a crowd of many thousands s- sembled, but there was no attempt to introduce a bandc anI all went on quietly for' a long time, ntil the " roughP ~ began to pull p the grass' and pelt, first one another, and thenthe people; and mueh confusion ensued. Eventually a heavy shower of rain put a stop to the tumult. VICTOPRTA PARL About 80,000 people attended 'this park yesterday afternoon, the chief portion entering by the Bethrua-gren gate. The rain which fell in the course of the afternoon had not. the effect of dispersing the assemblage, which graduallyr increased until shortly after 4 o'clock, when a private baid 3nadeits appearance from the Oldliord-gate arnid great cher- ing, and, hazing taken 'up its position on- the sj°o lserO' Colonel Dickson's band, orerly playEd, performeda secas of sacred and otberrleces. The crowd ceoducted themelVe throughout the afternoon,with exceeding propriety-_ Ons the irnival of the band one of thehed ed asI of. them upon whose autbority they pyed, ii g. 'told that it was on their own respOrKbi5ty, tbvh !e' izquested to conduct themselves peac0ably. The muf cOM-w tinued antil nearly 5 o'clock, when the crowd wet!y d?e~d. -
AUERICA. - -m oE the following, received by iElectric Tde-e pah, appeared in our Second E;dition of Saturday:-] WIVERFOOIs SATURDAY. The 1Royal mail steamship Persia, Judkins commnader, arrived this morming, -with advices from New York to the 14th inst., 229 passengers, and $1,431,365 in specie on freight. The Persia left her moorings in a dense fog at 2 30 p.m. on the 14th, and at 418 a.m. on the 23d. -was abreast of Cape Clear; at 3 p.m. abreast of the Tuskar, and at 8 40 p.m. abreast of Holyhead; at 12 20 a.m. on the 24th she arrived at the Bar and stopped;o wait for daylight; at 3 20 a.m. set on full speed, and arrived in Liverpool at 4 18, making the passge in nine days, eight hours, and 48 minutes. On the 20th and 21st she ran respectively 335 and 340 miles. The United States' mail steamship Atlantic, hence, had arrived at New York on the 12th inst. The proceedings in the Senate and the Hoouse of Representatives have been devoid of general interest. The Washington correspondlence of the New eYork IEcralc states, on high authority, that a fierce war was oing on in the Cabinet upon the Central American question, and that MIr. Marcy had inatimated to President Pierce, in the Cabinet Council, that if he reconimzed Walker's Government, by receiving Padre izil, he was ready to retire into private life. It was rumoured that thePresident vas preparing and woould send to Congress a message uipon this question, and he is said to have (lecided uponl receiving the Padre in spite oS .all opposition. The NYe w York l.Tribune correspondent, in alluding to- the President's determnination, says: *- Indeed, it cannot be dLiguisedthat the most momentous cotsectnences may ensue, involving the peace of this country in vmrous quarthrs, and inviting entanglements and disputes which cannot at this time he appreciated by the pub'ic. A profound sensqatiol will necessarily be created throughout Europe, leading to n,ew and formidable comnbinations against the United States. It is by far the gravest co:nplcation since the Oregon dlifflonity." He also adds that the dismissal of Mr. Cramnpton was determined upon. Mfr. Buchanan had. arrived at 'Washington on the 13th instant, and been enthusiastically received. The conduct of the British authorities at San Juan on the arrival of the steamship Orizaba was (deemecl a flagrant breach of duty. The Newv York' DaE i!y 1Times, in reference to this interference, says that it is understood that an officer of the steamer Orizaba had been officially advised forcibly to resist any attempt of the British fr gate Eurydice to board her at San Juan and interfere with the landing of passengers, if made onher next trip. About 50 persons had embarked by the steamship Crizaba 'with the intention of joining General Walker. The K\ew York press is very severe in its comments upon the fact of M1r. Herbert, the member to Congress from California, who shot one of the waiters at an hotel at 'Washington, having been bailed out of custody for the paltry sum of 2,0001., and that the Minister of the Netherlands, wvho was present during the affray, and had repeatedly and publicly declared the killing to have been a case of deliberate murder, refused to appear as a witness. The Courier a2!d Enquirersays:- " Bat, greatly as we may lament that jutice in this case has not Keen administered-wlhich, most assuredly, it has not been-we cannot but look with regret to the effects of this wvhole proceeding upon our national character abroad. 1No state of socievv is free from crime; but society is only disgraced by cri;ninal acts when the authorities refuse to punish them. Therefore, wheo the intelligence of the disgraceful scene at Willard's is published in London, and Paris, and Vienna, and Berlin, and St. Petersburg, the moderate and just men of all parties will mourn over the occurrence; but they will concede that it might occur anywhere, and judge the nation only by the manner in which its authorities treat the transaction. But when the account of this sad affair is folloved by the information that the perpetrator of the act has been held to bail in a paltry snm of money, there will rise up everywhere a feeling of reproach and indignation, not unmixed with contempt, for a people which claims for itself a superior morality and greater intelligence than any other nation, at the same time that it admits the impunity from punishment of men in authority, and countenances the carrying of concealed weapons and the shooting down in hot or cold blood, as the cas-e may be, all who dare to give offence, no matter holw trifling. Such, we say, will be the sober judgment of the people of all classes in Europe, when the finale of this public outrage is proclaimed; and socially, morally, coranmercially, and politically, the -whole nation will suffer for the det; and even our representatives abroad wiU find a public opinion built un against them by this proceeding, which will render abortive all their efforts to serve the country for months to come. Snch, we say, will be the effect of this proceeding abroad; and our object in commenting upon it ta-day is to give notice to ne Times and the press of Europe generally that 'whatever there is of wrong, and whatever there is of border ruffianism, and whatever disregard of laws, and a seemin winkng ?.t crime tlsere may be, in this whole transaction, it is solely attributable to the conduct of the Minister for the Netherlands, who was present during the affray and has repeatedly and publicly declared the killing to have been a cse of deliberate murder, and yet peremptorilv refused to testify as a -witness before the United States' Judge who inv-estiated the charge of murder against the member from California ." The Senate of Mlassachusetts had. passed resoluZions in favour of the admission of Kansas under the free State constitution, and declaring its speedy admission us a free State a measure of the first importance to the welfare of the terlitory and the tranquilhty and honour of the United States. From H onduras we have advices to the 18th ult. A change had taken place in the public sentiment -with regard to Walker and his proceedings. The question 'whether or not Honduras would join in a league against him had not been definitely settled. The President and his Cabinet were in favour of the measure. Guatemala was stated tobearming against Walker. The representative of Toronto in the Canadian Assembly had annotunced his intention to introduce an addressto the Queen, congratulating her upon the re-establishment of peace, and expressing the hopes -of her subjects in Canada that she would visit that province. The Nie York Herald, commentingupon this clesire, and stating that there is nothing sufficiently interesting or beautiful to be seen in Canada, asks, " WVhat prevents the Queen from visiting the Znited States, and passing over to see what is worth seeing in Canada?" It thinks such a visit wolld rapidly conduce to produce agood feeling betvween the two peoples; and that in the manly good heartedness which would follow, the Central Anerican difliculty might be closed up in an afternoon, and that all the others might be disposed of as rapidl7. Ravannah dates are to the 8th inst. The stock of sugar was raised to 275,000 hoxes; molasses scarce. The health of the island was satisfactory. Freights continued low. The money market, conseouent upon the increased efhlux of specie andthe large importations of merchandise, had been stringent, but the ratesforprime commercialpaper wvere not higher. The steck-markethad declined. Thebusiness in ex;change for the steamer had been considerable, at 9A toIO on London; 5f. 17Vc. too f. 16Ac. at 90 days, and of. l2jc. short sigoht, on Paris; 5f. 16.Ic. on Antwerp; 41 to 411 on Amsterdam; 3601 to 361 on Hamburg The Atlantic's newvs hadl causeda depression in the cottorn-market ; the demand was moderate, and the sales for three days 5,000 bales. The excess of receipts was for the season 869,910 bales. Exports, 695,799 bales. The market for Western State four has advanced 61 to 12X cents; but the ad-vance in freights had checked the demand for export. The receipts continued light. Fior Southern fourthe demand wa^s better, rye flourvwas easier, eorn meal steady. The market for mess pork has been much iexcited, and prices advanced $f 50c. per barreL Other descriptions were firmer. Prime 121c. better, and difficult to be had. Stock of all kinds moderate, and held with confidence-closing prices $19 2371c to :19 5Oc. for mess, and $19 60c. to $20 for clean. Beef continues in fair reqjuest, and buoyant for prime mess. The market was heavy, but meats in limited suipply, with a good demand. Bacon scarce, at an advance of one cent., lard - to j cent. Butter and cheese in moderate request. Scotch pig-ironLrm ; demand fair; sales of 400 tons, at32 to33 s-i months. Bars and sheetquiet. Trurpentine, nodemnane Spizitsofturpentineingood. demand for consumption, an& a little dearer. Common resin in demand for expo3t at an improvement, atZlc. to oc. Tar in good requ-est. Freights firmer to Efreat Britain, with increasel offerings, but without any perceptible change in rate, At New Orleans on the 12th the .4tlantic's news hal unsettled the market. Flour wag dull and de- clining at -$5 75c. to 76c.; mess pork, $16; keg iar4 10QIc.; sterling exchange, 9g. L}vzRPOO_, May 24.-The Royal mail steamship AfriCa sailed hence for New York to-day with 141 passiengers, a large cargo, and a hea-vy mail, including replies tio, the correspondence brought by the Persia, which *rrived4 .&*r, the qufckest pIssage on recordi as 4 O'clock this lzrening, - , -
FORiIc4N INTBLLIGENCE. FRAMCE- I (yro3f ouR ow- aORm;ESPOxDxTS.) 1jA porfton ofthe foUowingappearedin our condeditlon o Saturday :-1 PARIS, FRIDAY, MAY 23, 6 P.M. | Thne :Emperor gave a ball last night at St. Cloud. I allude to it more for the purpose of remarking onj the exaggerated reports which have been for some I time past current respecting the health of the Empress thaan for anything else. According to some of these accounts she was in a deplorable condition, and I believe it has been even stated that she had nearly lost the use of her limbs. All I can say is, that last night Her MIajesty was present in the ballroom at 10 o'clock, and that she did not leave her guests until past 2. She walked several times from the ball-room to the refreshment-room, and was to all appearance as animated as any of the party. She was accompanied by the Emperor and Prince Napoleon, the]iArchduke of Austria, and Prince Oscar. She conversed for some time with an English gentleman, said to be General Brown, and she chatted for a good while with CoDunt Orloff, who certainly had little appearance of having "sore eyes." On taking leave of Her MIajesty the gallant oId gentleman bent his head, and pressed the Empress's hand to his lips, with all the graceful bearing of a consumnmate courtier. The Empress looked very well, though a little thin, and there was observable a slight stoop in her shoulders. The Emperor never appeared in better spirits, and among the ladies with w hom he danced w;ere the Princess de Ligne and M.adame Seebach.P d It was remarked that the Belgian M3inister was not present, though the other members of the Legation were. It is surmised that his absence on this occasion may be accounted for by the not over friendly relations existing between the Belgian and French Courts. The company did not separate till 3 o'clock. It is said that a Synod of the Rabbins of France and Algeria is aboutt to be held in Paris shortly, with the object of examining the propriety of transferring the observance of the Jewish Sabbath from Saturday to Sunday. The Moniteur contains the following "The Universal Exhibition of Cattle and Agricultural Productions, which is to open on the 1st of June, offers to agricultrrists an opportunity they will not fail to appreciate for procuring arimals for breeding of different kinds and from different countries, and which may best suit their agricultural situation. This exhibition, in which almost all the conLtries in Europe have eagerly consented to t.ake part, will present such an assemblage of picked animals as has never before been seen, both as re gards number and quality. It appears, therefore, useful to remind agriculturists of the important advantage which is offered to them byArt. 30 of the Ministerial decree on the subject of this exhibition, by which the animals exhibited are allowed to be sold by public auctiou or by private contract. This sale will take place on the day after the close of the exhibition; but there is nothing to prevent private arrangements being made during the period of the exhibition for the purchase of animals and of agricultural productions and implements, on the condition only that no removal of them can take place until the close." We read in the Courrier dut Bas-Rsz.in " Forty-four large trucks of the Austrian railways brought a few days ago to the Kehl station 337 head of cattle from the Austrian provinces, which are to figure at the Grand Agricultural Exhibition of Paris. They consist of 101 oxen, 222 sheep, 11 pigs, besides 4 buffaloes. Our readers know to what extent the breeding of cattle is carried on in Austria, which reckons no less than 14,000,000 head of black cattle, 24,000,000 sheep, and 10,000,00 pigs. The wvool annually shorn in the Austrian dominions is estimatedat 400,000 Vienna quintals, wvhich at the rate of SOOf. per qumtal yields annually 120,000,000 francs. Some of the animals brought from Kohl come from Transylvania. On reaching Paris they willhavetravelled nearly SOO leagues, and those sent from Gallicia 600 leagues. Few accidents occurred on the way. The beasts coming from the steppes of Hungary, accustomed to live in a wild state, journeyed in uncovered waggons since the 3d of May, the day of their departure, and look uncommonly healthy. A cow of that race calved at Leipsic, and was immediately removed to a covered waggon, not, however, without difficulty, for the operation required six strong and expert cowherds. A ewe lambed at Frankfort, another cow of the Voralberg calved, and the three new-born are doing remarkably well. The men in charge of the cattle, 34 in number, wear the picturesque costumes of Hungary, Gallicia, Transylvania, and the Voralberg. The train arrived direct from Prague at Kehl. Early in the morning the animals crossed the Rhine, and having entered Strasburg by theAusterlitz gate were conducted along the ramparts to the Paris railway station, where 80 waggons are waiting to convey them to their destination. An Austrian Commissioner, Professor Arenstein, is to accompany them to Paris, and has obtained from our authorities, and particularly the Prefect of the Lower Rhine, all the assistance necessary to enable him to accomplish his mission." A journal of Mulhouse, the Lion d'Israel gives the following account of an incident which is commented on m severe terms by the Siecle - " A very wealthy Jew, named Pincherlie, inhabits Verona, where his numerous and unostentatious charities procured for him universal esteem. This person possesses an only danghter, who has recently reached her seventh year. On the day when he celebrated this event he received a letter from the cure of the parish in which he resided, stating that his daughter could no longercontinue to live with him, and that she mnst prepare herself to enter a convent, in order to be brought up in the Catholic religion. The explanation given by the cure for this demand was as follows:'When your daughter wvas two years old she was extremely ill; her nurse, who was a Catholic, in order to save her soul, baptized her in the room, without witnesses. According to the Catholic religion and the Austrian laws, the baptism is perfect and binding, and you have no right, as a Jew,tokeep a Catholic child inyour louse.' Owing to the personal influence of the father, and the present state of political matters in Lombardy, the father and child were permitted to take exile in Turin. A touching scene then occurred. Many persons of high standing in Verona, the workinen and servants of M. Pincherlie, all Catholics, waited upon the bishop, and implored him to allow the father to retain possession of his daughter without being compelled to exile imself, That prelate, giving way to the prayers of the deputation, consented to this request, but on two harsh and unacceptable conditions. The girl might remain in the house of her father until the age of 14, when she was to choose betwveen the two religions; the second condition which rendered the first illusive, was that Catholic priests were to be pernitted to instract her in the hatred of everything that she had been taught from her childhood to love and respect. Will the father accept these con- ditiona. Will he consent to purchase the right of residing in Verona at so dear a price? Can he live under the arm of that savage Austrian law which menaces the father in his holiest affections?'' The following are the comments of the Siede:- "If such are the fraits of theconcordatconcluded between Austria and Rome, this concordat will become the signal of the most terrible misfortunes. Let Austria be aware that she is on the decline which leads nations to their ruin. Her alliance with the two great nations of the west imposes on her duties which she fails to recognize. The time is past when the house of Austria could give to the world the spec- tacle of the abominations, murders, and spoliations, which. accompanied the re-establishment of Catholicism in her States. The Jer who is to be deprived of his daughter, in the name of Jesus Christ, is in possession of an immense fortune. The anxiety for worldly goods enters at least as much as the anxiety for souls into the minds of the Catholic clergy of Verona. Can France or England, the alles of Austria, permit such attempts? This we do not believe." The receipts of the Orleans RIailway dcuing the week ending on the 12th inst. were 959,198f., or lS,503f. less than during the corresponding week of 1855. The gross receipts since the 1st of January amounted to 17,059,283f., being a difference in favour of 1856 of 1,165,38of. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 75f. 30c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f. 50c.; and the New Loan at 75f. 60c. Orleans Railway Shares, 1,467f. 50c.; Great Northern, 1,152f. 0c.; Strasburg, 1,010f.; New. Shares, 917f. 50c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,520f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,740f.; Western of France, 970f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 812f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 737f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 822f. 50c.; Bank of Cridit Mobilier, 1,925f.; Austrian Railways, 94Sf. Cours Authentiquc.-PAcis, May 23.-Cash PricesFour-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 94f. 25c. 15c. lOc. ; ditto second Loan of 1S55 (55 per cent. paid), 94f. 15c.; ditto Certificates (55 per cent. paid), 94f. lac.; Three per Cen ts., 75f. 15c. lUc. 20c. - ditto first Loan of 1S65 (85 per cent. paid), 75f. 15c.; d'itto second Loan of 85a (55 per cent, paid), 7Sf. 20c. ; ditto Certificates (55 per cent. paid), 7f. 20c.; Bank of France, 4,025f. 4,050f.; Cr6dit Foncier, 722f. 60c. 720f.; ditto Obligations of 50Cf., FourperCents., 435f.; ditto Three perCents., Mlobihier, 1,13Sf. 1,9'30Tf. 1,9 af. 1,920Of. 1 92f. - Dscunt 400f.; ditto Tenths, Three pr Cents., 87f. 50c. ; Cr6dit Bank, 700f. Austrian Five per Cents., 92f. Bi'ian YFourand-a-Half peients., 97f.; Rente do lWaples (Rot'schild's), 113f.; RomnsT, 92A; Spanmsh Deferred Converted Debt, 24-S ditto Three per Cents., 4.5.9 } 1$. Exchange on London, at sight, paperj 23f. 42tc.; money, 2Sf. 42lc.; three months, money, 2f.5f SATURDAY, MAY 24, 6 P.ir. A private letter fronm Constantinople, of the 12th inst., says:- "I have to communicate to you a strange piece of news. The Grand Council, after having at two sittings decided on the removal of the Hospodars of Wallachia and Moldavi*, have, Iam just informed, reversed that decision. It had resolved on naming Ghika Kaimakan for Wallachis, and Theo'dore ;Balche for Moldavia; but it is now affirmed that Fnad Pasha, who had taken part at the council in that resolution, now propoges to -ame both the Hospodars l Raimakans, or to prolong their present powers during the existence of the commission. This is a gross illegality. Never have the Hospodars been Kaimakans; and how_I can the expression of the wishes or the Divans be sincere with the presence of the Hospodars wher the the Powers have demanded even the withdrawal of the Austrias? It is monstrous; and the worst interpretation is given to the conduct of certain Turkish functionaries. It is calculated that 400,000 ducats have been sent from the Principalities to Constantinople to be employed in the solution of this qu:estion. Prince Stirbey has found strong support in X de Prokesch, and considerable facility on tho part of 3. Thouvenel to do all that was pleasing to Austria. It is only public opinion in Europe that can keep Fuad Pasha within the limits of his duty during the absence of the Grand Vizier.' Abouit 80 Swedes and Norwegians were received yesterday by Prince Oscar at the Hotel Clary. The Prince dined and slept at the Tuileries. I am assured that Count Orloff did not attend the reception of the Archduke Maximilian the other day attheAustrian Embassy, nor indeed any of the Ruissians I am sorry to iind that the Count does not give quite as much credence as, no doubt, it merits, to Lord Palmerston's denial of any secret treaty between the Powers. Count Orloff, it appears, says that treaty there may not be, but he is not sure there may not bs a protocol, a convention, a secret article, or, in fact, ;omething or another which is not public. This is to be sUSpiCiOus to an excess. I see that it has been affirmed that the Russians must have known, and did actually know, in November last, that theTreatyof the 15th would be concluded. If such be the case, Count Orloft must have been kept in the dark by his own Government, for not later than within the last two or three days he again expressed his extreme surprise and his annoyance at it. This, I suppose, is all acting. The banquet of 300 covers at the Hotel de Ville, on the occasion of the baptism of the Prince Imperial, 'will take place in the Galerie des FWtes, the only room in Paris capable of conveniently containing a table sufficiently large for so many persons. DuringthetimethattheirMajesties,afterdinner,make the tour of the apartments of the Hotel de Ville, the gallery will be transformed into a ballroom for the guests invited for the evening,. The beautiful staircase which was constructed last summer for the Queen of England will be used on this occasion for the reception of the Emperor -and Empress. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 75f. 25c. for the end of the month; and the New Loan at '75f. 45c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,460f.; Great Northern,l,140f.; Strasburg,1,002f. 50c.;newshares, 915f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,507f. o0c; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,735f.; Western of France, 960f; Bordeaux and Cette, 81Sf.; Great Central of France, 732f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 820f.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,910f.; Austrian railways, 942f. 50c. Cburs Athentique-PARis, 3lay 24.-Cash Prioes.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 yearTs 94f. 94£. 10c.; ditto, second Loan of 185S (55 per cent, paid) 94!. lOc.; ditto, Cert-iffcates (sa, per cent. paid), 94f. 10c . Three per Cents., 75f 20c. lSc.; ditto, second Loan of 1855 (55 per cent.paid), 75f. 20c.; ditto Certiicates (55 per cent. paid), 75£. 20c. ; Bank of France, 4,050f.; Credit Fondier, 720f. 72Sf. 7S0f. 73Sf. 740!. ex div.; ditto Obligaitions of500f., Four per Cents., 440f. 435£ ; ditto, Tenths, Three C 87f. 50c., Credit 3! 1,905f. 1,900f. 1 0E 0.1,907£. 50c 3,910f.; non *nF70 Piedmontese Five per Cents., 94f.; Austrian Five per Cents., 92f.; Belgian Four-and-a-Half-per Cents., 9?!' 31omans, 921. 92; Spanish Deferred Converted, 2Sj R s ditto, Three per Cents., 451, ditto, Interior Debt, 41$ A 42. Exchange on lLondon, at sight, paper, 25f. 42.1c.; money, 25£. 421c.; three months, mnoney, 2Sf. MARSEILLES, MIAY 21. The Euphrate, bringing the Constantinople mails of the 12th inst., due yesterday morning, arrived in the night. Passing through the Straits of Bonifacio, she found the Simois lying at anchor with damaged machinery. The Simois sailed from Constantinople with the mails of the 8th inst. The Euphrate brought both mails and passengers to Marseilles. The accumulation of mails gave the post-office authorities no little trouble. They first distributed the Constantinople letters of the 12th inst., and it was not until after 9 o'clock that it was known the mails expected by the Simois had arrived. Had there nlot been in attendance here gentlemen from the London post-office, deputed to carry out the admirable plan suggested by Lord Canning for the conveyance of the Crimean mails, and which has worked so well, the Crimnean letters of the 10th inst. would have arrived in London 20 hours before those of the 6th inst., to the no small inconvenience of the numerous poor families who receive remittances from their relations attached to the army in the Crimea. Should the Lonzdon Waroffice, through any mistaken notions of economy, discontinue this special service, the British public wil frequently find their Constantinople letters arrive from 12 to 24 hours later than under the present system, in consequence of the increased labour imposed on the post-office here. A serious accident had nearly occurred here last evening, in consequence of a thick fog, which covered the harbour and roads all yesterday. The British steamer Vigo, towing the large transport Sumroo, of Liverpool, having on board a squadron of the artillery of the Imperial Guard, their horses, and a large quantity of anumunition, mistook the entrance into the harbour, though under the direction of a pilot, and was going ashore under the Catalans, celebrated in Alexandre Dumaes' novel of Monte Chtristo. The Vigo and her consort were saved from their perilous position by the French steamer Assyrien, which was sent to their assistance by the Military Intendant. Captain Sharp, of the Vigo, remonstrated with the pilot for risking the ships in such thick weather, but he was assured by him that he could find the harbour with his eyes shut. The Military Intendant wvas so persuaded of the destruction of the ships that he had adopted various precautions for the preservation of the soldiers and horses. Captain Petrie, of the steamer City of Manchester, with the transport Titan, of Boston, in tow, was more prudent. He remained at the Frioul until the fog had dispersed, and then entered the Joliette without any difficulty. The quays are encumbered to-day with the troops, horses, and cannon landed from these ships. Many of the horses are nearly as fat as when they were shipped here for the Crimea last year. Others are so mangy and emaciated that the most liberal knacker in London would not give more than a few shillings for them. Lord Gough sailed this afternoon in the Caradoc for Malta,whence he is to proieed to Constantinople. The Caradoc will return here to wait for Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons. Letters from Lyons, dated yesterday, announce that, although the waters of the Rhone had fallen, th-e Saone continued to rise. The town was completely flooded, and the communication between the streets was only maintained by means of boats. The town of Tain had suffered severely. The houses were completely flooded. The bakers had fled, an(d the inhabitants were Buffering in conseqi'ence, together with two companies of the 61Ist Infantry, who were on their march to Lyons. PRUSSIA. (FRoM OUR0 OWN coRREsPowDra,T.) BERLIN, 3M.v- 22. The Palace which was at the time of his coming of age assigned to Prince Frederick Wi11iam of Prussia as his future residence is now bding got ready for him. Hitherto his time has been too assiduously devoted to the acquisition of practical information in tle performance of reg,imental dties, in attending the sittings of various Governmental boards, in journeys to different spots of interest, &c., for him to have much leisure for a settled residence. The prospects of the next yearor two, however, hold out the expectation of a change in this respect, and render an independent establishment necessary for him. The palace which is destined to receive the Princess Victoria as consort of the future Crown Prince of Prussia is best known here under the name of the "Old King's Palace, being that in which the late KiEng lived and died. The painful associations of the dark- days of misfortne that had passed over his family and capital made it repugnant to the Kingto inhabit the Schloss of his ancestors that had been profaned by foreign occupation, and after his re- turn to his capital and throne he preferred to c- cupythe Palace opposite the Zeug Haus, rather than enter on the more imposing habitation that forms the Royal residence at present. The Palace was originally built for the Commandant of Berlin, but in 1734 was assigned by Friedrich Wilhelm L. to his son, subsequently. known to the world as Frederick the Great. On his mounting the throne he destined it to be residence of all future Crown Princes, and had the inscription affixed to it, " Palais du Prince Royal de Prusse " and in conformity with thii destination his next oldest brother, Prince August Wilhelm, oeccpied it as his residence. The late King, also,Friedrich Wil- helm ISl., an Crown Prince, took possession of it on| the occasion of his marriage, in 1793, and, with the. exception of the yeezs of disaster to Prussia, never quitted it till the time of his death. It isconnected by an archway, whiclisupports a suite of rooms, with the mansion knowvn as the Prnceesses' Palace, still inhabited by the Princess Liegnitz, the wife of the late King by a morganatic marriage. The Grand Duke Michael, who wil accompany his mother, the Dowager Empress of R-ussia, on her visit-to this Court, is understoodto have in -view on this occasion a matrimonial engagement with a German Princess, as is the established custom with the Imperial family of Russia, and - as his father did before him, The only Prussian Princess now unmnarried is Alexandrine, the youngest daughter of Prince Albrecht, now 14 years old, and not impossibly the honour of becoming a Russian Grand Duchess may be reserved for her. This is an honour which, according to all accounts, the Princess of Prussia was not anxious to'procure for her daughter Louisa, and to save her from it is believed to have been a main reason for her great goodwill towards the matehjwith the Prince Regent of Baden. This iatter, although he has not accompanied Prince Friedric1 Williehn to England, as rwas at first in~tended, will subsequently join him there, to avail himself of the invitation that has been extended to him by our Queen. While on the subject of Royal and Imperial mariages it may not be out of place to men'tion a little incident connected with the late Eimperor Nicholas's courtship of the Princess Charlotte of Prussia. As his son Mfichael is now coming to this Court, so did the Grand Duke NTicholas, about the year 1816, come to Berlin to see if one of the Prussian Princesses would suit him, and the Princess Charlotte was given to understand by her parents that if he should take a fancy to her they would have no objection to her returning the petuc7it4. The time originally fixed for the expiration of the Grand Duke's stay had come, and he was seated at supper on his Last evening next to the ;Princess Charlotte, when he abruptly told her that. ahe must leave Berlin the next day. He hoped to surprise her into some demonstration of feeling ,on the occasion, but her maidenly pride with,held her from maldng more than some very 'say-nothing remark in acknowledgment. The Grand Dua-e thereupon soon assumed another ,plan of operations; knowingthat,however little the Ieyes of the company might be actually fixed on him ad his fair neighbour, they were, nevertheless, the object of general observation, he commencedtelling her, but in an apparently unembarrassed manner, and playing with a ring of his the while, that he had devoted himself during his short stay there to makina' himself acquainted with her character and disposition, &c., and that he had found in her every quality that he believed best calculated to make him happy in wedded life, &c.; but, as they two were at that moment the object of scrutiny to many present, he would not press her for any reply to his overtures, but if it was agreeable to her that he should prolong his stay at her father's court she would, perhaps, have the goodness to take up the ring he hod in his hand. This ring he then, apparently while playing with the two objects, thrust into the roil of bread lying on the table before him, and went on, seemingly in all sanzfjroid, with his supper. With an equal appearance of unconcern the Princess presently put out her hand, and took up the roll, as if mistng it for er own bread, and, unnoticed by the company, withdrew the ring, and put it on her own hand. The rest requires no narration. The Princess Charlotte of Prussia of those days yesterday crossed the Prussian frontier as the Dowager Empress Alexander Feodorowna of Russia, and slept last night at Gumbinnen, the first town on this side of the frontier. The Kling arrived at Kiuigsberg yesterday afternoon, and was to proceed further to Gumbinnen this morning. All ceremonies and receptions, all music, and all crowds of persons at the railway stations are forbidden, on account of the Empress's delicate state of health. When she arrives here at the Stettin terminus, at one side of the town, her carriage will be put on the lie of rails that runs round it, and so she will be brought on to the Potsdam Railway, without going into the town at all. ITALY. (FROM OUP OWN CoiuiSPOiNDiUNT.) TUPIN, Miy 20. The increased interest with which the affairs of Italy are regarded by the European public, and the growing conviction that an immediate settlement of them is necessary for the general tranquillity, are evidenced by several German papers (not Austrian), which have lately published articles on the subject. These papers, however, thoughthey admit that Italy possesses all the requisites for constituting a great nation, that the Austrian rule is insupportable, that the extreme severity adopted since 1848 has not served to alter public opinion, and that the hostility to Austria snown at Parma is only the outbreak of the spirit wvhich pre'vails all through Italy, have been led into error regarding the Lombardo-Veneto provinces by the statements of Austro-German papers, hvlich are for the most part inspired by some Ministerial source, and are all subject to a rigorous censorship, so that of course nothing appears without the sanction of Government. It has been said that the aristocracy alone in Lombardy are opposed to the Government, that the people are indifferent, that the bourgeoisle are republican, and prefer the Austrians to the Piedmontese, &c.; all which, though containing some truth, has generally been employed more with a view to party piuposes than a plain statement of facts. To understand rightly the state of opinion in Lombardy, it is necessary to distinguish between the provinces and the capital; brtween Milan and the smaller towns. The Lombard character is altogether the opposite of the Austrian in manners, intelligence, feelings, education-ineverything, in fact,markingadifference inthe most striking manner. It is anuerror to suppose that the aristocracy alone cherish that hatred, which augments from day to day. In the revolution of 148 the most illustrious names fig,ured among the people, the botugeoi-g e, and even the clergy; nowhere could unanimity be found mnore perfect, and that not only in the capital, but in the provinces. These feelings have not changed, and the passive, though unconquerable resistance, continues as it did six; years since. The people have died on the scaffold,-the nobility have contributed their portion,no one has shrtun-. There certainly are individuals at MIilan who hold republican opinions, and who consequently detest Piedmont, as the zepresentative of the monarchical principle, but these individuals will disappear when it becomes possible to define the Italiaf question as clearlyas the Eastem question has been. The only logical and national party is that which desires a fusion of Lombardy and Piedlont, as was voted almost by unanimity in 1848logical because a strong State so placed would serve to neutralize the rival interests of France and Austria ; and national because the House of Savoy has reigned for 800 years, and possesses all the elements to give vigour to such a kingdom. The increase of Piedmont has always been one of the political ideas of EnrIand, who recompensed this little kingdom for its fidelity during the first French Revolu- tion by tlhe annexation of Genoa and Liguria in 1815, not having been able to obtan Lom. bardy, which was then occupied by the Austrian army under General Bellegarde. Public opinion in lombardy is now altogether favourable to such a project, which would be an imnmense gain for the in- terests of commerce. This feelng is, no doubt, as much owing to disgust at the inustice of the Austrian Government as to admiration for the conduct of that of Piedmont (though the latter has gained many proselytes by its war policy), but the point which affects the Lombards more particularly, and which weighs with them more than any other, perhaps, in appreciating the two Governments, is the treatment-of political exiles. The history of the sequestrations in 1853 has been oftentold, though, consideringthe enormityofthein3ustice done, it hasmetwith littleattentionfrom either foreign Governments br people. 6ow that the question of Italy in general is fairly before the world, however,it may beexpectedthatthis willatlast receive. thenoticeit-deserves. Those sequestrations, as is well known, were imposed shortly after the mesute at Ilan of Febrary 6, 1853, and were ostensibly effected asapunishment forthepart supposed tohave-been taken by ths rich-inthat affair; but,-in-i asmuchas.the Austrian .Government wasperfectly.i aware that theLombardaistorerequiteasin.chopposed to that insane and- wickedattack as Gene-. ral Radetzkr hirnself could b, it is curibus to look, back to the rejiorts current at Milan some six weeksL 73efQre that outbreak tok place. In the Opi ; - of January 8, 1853, there is a letter dated 1Ian, January 3, which says "For some days strange rnmouxs have been aloat. X&asall RadetAy has ordered the Lieutenancy of lombardy to return within-eight days an estimate of the patrimonies of 200 of the chief men, or of those esteemed the chief men, in eah province subject to its jurisdiction. A doubt was raised as to whether this Est should include the imigr*, the excluded from the amnesty, and those who had obtained release from Austrian citizenship, and the reply wa in dll cases in the affirmative. Various surmises are msde from these extraordinary statistics, but as yet nothing positive i3 InowLn." Now, as the correspondent of the Opinione only repeated what was commonly reported in Milan at the time, it is more than probabe that the measure had been contemplated by the Government for several weeks, and it appears to have been with the utmost deliberation and forethought therefore that it proceeded to -despoil persons to whom it had granted free release from Austrian citizenship, and who had become subjects of the King of Sardinia, of- their -wealth and their inheritance. It is in the matter of the sequestrated and exiled that the policy of the Governments of Vienna and Tuirin appears in the most marked contrast to the Lombards, for while the former- has repeatedly shown -bad. faith in refusing to recognize its own acts of liberation from allegiance, taking possession of property which belonged to persons. over whom it had no legitimate authority, - and even when granting a so-called amnesty. always doing it m such amnamner that it should be unacceptable to men who respected their own principles, the latter has continually espoused the cause of the oppressed, and- never ceased to -protest before all urope ag,ainst the perfidy of depriving- men who had obtained the protection of Sardinian citizenship of their possessions in the Austrian States. The last accounts from Lombardy prove - that faith in this Government is on the increase. Great excitement. is said tu prevail throughout the populations-all kinds of marvellous rumours were afloat, aud[ credited where there is no-press to correct them but that -under Government, which of courseis not believed becauseitisunder Governmer.t. Ominous writings on walls, such -as, Viva VLttorio Esvmmnuete " "iva ilnost-roe'VYiva Cavour " "viva it Ministro ItaWia2wr' have- appeared suddenly in Milan and other towni of Lombardy. The same symptoma begin to manifest themselves as in 1841 andthe commencement of 1848, and the feeling evinced iwould be seriously alarming were there not hope that recent experience may suffice to prevent any rash or overt proceeding.
DEPUTATION TO LORD PALirERSTON. On Saturday morning three deputations, appointed at public meetings of the working classes held during the week m Westminster, St. Pancras, and at Sussex-hall, city, relative to the discontinuance of the playing-of- the bands in the park on Sundays, -waited upon Lord Palnerston at his private residence, Piccadilly, to present 'to his Lordship certain resolutions agreed to at the abovemeetings, and to request that his Lordship would be pleased to periuit the continuance of the bainds playing inthc parks on Sundays. The deputation from St. =ancras comprised Messrs. W. D. COOPER, J. Eenny, T. Ross, J. Baird,-Ivory, jun., Beare, Jay, Wright, and Clerients. M1r. J. George repre-- sented Westminster; and the eastern districts of the city (Sussex-hall) were represented by Messrs. Tawley and Cox. There were also present the followingworking men, membersof the.Working Men's Association: Mr. l. Moore, 3Mr. W. Allan, Mr. Caudland, Mr. T. C. Pratb, Mr. Bainbridge, Mr. Webley; lMr. Ivory, M1r. Mason, Mr. E. A. Somers, ani hMr. Marshall. ' The deputation was introduced to his Lordship by ifr. Cooper, who informed his Lordship of the feeling and cdesire the working meni had to adopt a course in reference To this question that should redound to their credit. They, at the same time, wished to show to the Govermment and the country, that they so highly appreciated the recreation that. had been fora short time provided for them that they were determined to use every legitimate means .to in'sure its continuance. His Lordship was also addr-essed upon the question by Mr. George, MEr. Ivory, jun.,. Mr. Tawley, Mr. Beare, Mr. Bainbridge, Mr. enny, Mr. Allen, Mr,Pratt, and Mr. Webley, who stated that their object was the ohtaiaing innocent and harmiless recreation en Sundays in the parks for themselves, vwives, and families, which was the only day they couldall enjoy themselves together. They also spoke 'of the effect it ivould have on decreasing Sunday labour, being an inducement to many tailors,, shoemakers, and others who worked on Sunday to give up labour on that day, and providec themselves decent appareI to appear in the streets and the parkcs, which must ultimafely lead to their imoral elevation. The working men disclaimed any intention or desire to have, recourse to any other than moral in. 'nence in attaining their object, 'and begged his Lordship to remember that they were not connected with the disgraceful proceedings last year in the park on the Sunday question. Lord PALxtERsTox, having patiently and attentively listened to the remarks addressed to him by the various speakers forupwards of an hour, said,-I must correct, inthe firstplace, amisapprehension that appears toprevailinrespect to the reasops for the decision of the GoveruLnentwith respect to this question-viz. i that the plAying of.the bands in the parks was discontinued in consequence of the Government not receiving the support of tlie working classes. The large 'number of persons who attended the parks on the few days the bands played there must have convrinced everyone that the feeling, of the working classes, was favourable to it. The 'conduct of the working classes, both as to the imiauner in vwhich they availed themselves of the enjoyment of the playing of 'the' bands, ancd the manner in -which the have behaved since their discontinuance, does them the highest 'honour, and wassuch as every manwho is at allacqusanted with the character of Rnglishmen would have expected, Iand especially those who have watched the progress of the working classes in industry, intelligence, morality, and good order. It excites no inrprise to find that the discontinuance -of the bands in the parks' on Sandays should'have created some 'feelings of 'iritation in respect to it in the minds of the working classes. The case is this. I entirely concur with those who suggested 'the blaying of the bands, believing it was no desecration of the sabbath, but a means of affording innocent recreation, corabined with air and exercise, which the people are de'prived of during the week from their occupations confining thenl to a narrow space, and breathing air not conducive to health. Icertainly did not expect, at the time I concurred inthe arrallgement, that it would have beer viewed with so much disapprobation as it has been by alvery' largeportion of the community on religious grounds. There is 'nothing so difficult for a Government to deal with' in a free country l ike this, where we possess liberty of conscience, and the free expression of opinion on reli"ious questions and feelings, 'There must in such a country alwrays bea conflict of opinions on such a question;* and whether we differ or agree with one another, we areboand to attendwith respect tothe sincere and conscientious opinions of others. Individuals and different bodiesof thecommunitymaybeallowedto entertain andacton opinions which he or they profess ; but a Government ought to consider itself as standing aloof from those controversies which engage the attention of 'the people. The Government is composed of men -who have their opinions individually and collectively; but I don't think it is the proper fun tion of a Government, in a 'free country, to throw itself into the conflict, and take part in matters in whlich large classes of. the conununity entertain different and opposite opinions. We find, nevextheless, ithout intending it, thlat we did please ourselves in thai particular, and made arrangements which we never doubted were in miison with the opinions of a large body of the people, which were, neverthieless, in conflict with whose of another very large body of the people, and wherever on one side there were those whowvere in favour of the arrange. ment upon the ground of its providing innocent recreation and healthy enjoyment for the 'Ic, 'there were, on the other, those who were averse fron it'on conscientious and religious grounds. The matter was represented to me by the 'Archbishop of Canterbury as head of the church, speaking not only for himself and the bishops, but for a large body also of those who' are regularly devoted ts religious observances; and I felt that, under these circum stances, the proper course for me to pursue was to restors matters to the state they were in before the bands were allowedtoplayonSuimdaysin the parks. Itwasnotaltcringthat which had for years existed, but only bringing matters back to the state in. which they had been before. The playing of the bands on Sundays was a recent introduction; and I am sorxy, by discontinuing them, that I am depriving large and deservng portions of the metropolis from that enjoyment weich I think is perfectly innooent, and contributes to the rational enjoyments and health of the people. Having felt it was not the duty of the Government to run counter to the expressed opinions of so large a munber of the community, whiose opinions are entitled to respect' I don't think it would be right for Govern. ment to isse an. order this week, countermand it the next, and then reissue it a fortnight after; and therefore I cannot hold out any expectations that-the' Government will, under present circuinstances, think it right to rescind the decision they have so recently taken on this question. The noble lord said he hoped the public would still take advantage of the parks for health and recreation, without the bands as with them, and said that, althouga he was quite aware there 'were persons who would carry their religious feelings to an extreme and interfere with existing arrangements, no Government, he felt certain, wonld ever countenance any such attempts to obstruct those arrangements that existed and which were necessary and essential for the ordinary pursuits Ot life.; They would not only fail in so doing, but would thereby rather'tend to set the public feeling against those things it was their desire to accomplish. MIr. GEORiGE and others called his Lordship's 'attention to the fact of the police pulling down the bills which had been posted in reference to the peaceful demonstration intended' to be held on Sunday in the parks, and expressed a hope that the Commissioners of Police would neither issie orders 'fiorlhave a large body of police in attendance to irritae'the people. The working men would have only. a peaceful demonstration. Mr.'George.also asked his Lord. ship if the G6vernment intended to prevent any bands the, mpeopeniight engage from plaiing. on Sundays in zthe pairl? -Txhree were engaged--one -to play inthe -Pegent`s Park; LHyde Park, and' the&ictoriaParki' They Wisned to know to-night if there wouad be any objection to-it - \ r *-rd PA ror said, heconld no't then give th&depa- titioon an an'swer, and'msuiested thit the dipuat4ion ihoald' 'wait in the evening on the 'Home SLretary respecting it The deputation 'having' thaniked his Lordship then re tired~ ~ o
.MOIM-MABKBTandCI2'yy-YTBLLIGBNOM : Saturday Evenng. Stimulated by large gold arrivls and the conse.- quent anticipation of a speedy furher reduction itt the Bank rate of diBcount, the glish funds opened: with great steadiness this moming at the closing prces of yesterday, and Fmbsequently experienced a& fresih improvement of nearly a quarter per cent.. The first quotation of CXonsol fornmoneywas 91f: to%A,andtheyleftoffat94~for money, and 9to t for the 4th of JuAne. F'or t;he aecont in July the, fina price was 954. The scip of the new loam dlosed at 2k premium. 1ankStock was quot 215 to 216k; Reduced, O3i to i;NeThreeper Cent4., 9,l to7 ; Anniities, 30 yeas, 173-16; lndia-bonds,65s. to 25. discount; Exchequer-bonds 98S to i; and Exchequer-bills (MIarch), par to 3s. premniumn; (June), As. to]Ys. discount. Money was freely offered to-day in the- Stock-Exchange for short periods at 4 per ent. In the dis- count market there was also increasYed ease, and the}best bills were sought at terms considerably below the Bank rate.- Foreign securities have not presented any greati variation, but-prices continue tobe fairly supported. Turkish Six per Cents. for the account wereoperated in at UBJand 99; andathe Four per Cents. Guaranteed at 102z,. The other business comprised:-Mexican, for money, 23k.; for the account, 23 uand i; Sardinian Five per Cents., 94k; Spanish Three per Cents., for account, 46s; Spanish Certificates of Coupon, not funded, 6,L; Dutch Twoand-a-Half per Cents., 64i; and the Four per Cent. Certficates, 954. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on 'the Pans Bourse failed to arrive this evening, but transactions took place shortly after the opening at 7Sf. Sc., showing a decline of i per cent. This weakness is attributed to rumours of an approachin,g loan, although the private letters say nothing on the subject. At Amsterdam anI Vienna the markets remain, as for a long time past, without any-material variation. A further sum of about 150,0001. in goldTwas solcl to the Banik to-day. The Persia has brought from New York gold to. the amount of 286,0001., and the rate of exchange at her departure gave a prospect of continued ship.- ments. The Stebonheath has arrived from Port Phillip with 61,957 ounces of gold, valued at 247,828?. The specie arrivals of the week, including the amounts telegraphed today by the Persia and the - Stebonhesth, have exceeded 21,250,000I. nearly all in gold. The chief shipment has been 531,000?. iL silver to India and China The ardour-of speculation in Paris has just beenr illustrated bv the introduction of a new undertaking in rivalry-ith the Cr6dit Mobilier. The Govern- ment at present refuse to allow the creation of any. more joint stock concerns in the ordinuary way, but; IMlA. Saint Paul antd Co. having proposed a schemeK to be caUled L'flnion Financi4re et Industrielle, withra capital equal to 4,(000,000'. in 200,000 shares: of 20L each, to be conducted as -a partnership eii comnmnmditz, the subscription vas filled withl avidity, and7the shares (of which 50,000 are to cou- stitute the first issue) were dealt in yesterday at" nearly 61. premium. At the same time the publiE are paying a rate of interest equal, with brokerage, to 12 per cent., to '-urry on theirpurchases of rentes, and 15 to 20 per cent, on shares. It appears from the advicesto-day by the .Lisbom: mail that full confidence was entertained in the ultimate adoption of the Government proposals forthe adjustment of the foreign debt, -not only by the Lower House, but also by the Rouse of Peers, where the-- chief hostility has b6en expected. The hbo?es of the Opposition had been temporarilystrengthened by an offer from M. Prost of Paris to - establish a Credit Mobilier, as a prelude to carrying. out a system of railways in Portugal, and to talea - 2,000,000?. of Portuguese New Six per Cent. Bonds at 80, paying at once a large instalment. The( Government, however, were not likely to be diverted from their intentions, and reserved to themnselves to contract a loan upon such terms asmight eventually be found most favourable. The proposal of MI. Prost was apparently unaccompanied by any stipulation that Portugal shoald firs; remove the stain of confiscation which at present. prevents her becurities from being quoted on the London Stock-Exchange. In the eager speculation of the moment even the commnon support which capitalists in all parts of the world owe to each other, in refusin to degrade themselves by dealing with any State that is out of the pale of honest nations, seemas to-be disregoarded. The fact, nevertheless, deserves to- be denounced, since, if public opinion.- be not expressed in relation to it, the system.. may extend unatil the only means which now. exsit for inspiing repudiatos-w with terror, and the maintenance of which depends on themutual goocl faith of the iinancial body, may be wholly lost. - Should M. Frost be countenancedc in his present movement we may next expect to hear of a Paris company proposing assistance to Greece or to ltdlssisippi, F;lorida, Aransas, -and Michigan. According to a telegraphic despatch the export; duty on oil was reduced yesterday in Naples about> three ducats- per saim. The price advanced toabout 27 ducats first cost, making. it equal, withl the new duty, to about 47?. per ton free on boar) at the present rate of exchange. The advices from Sydney to-day by the Light of - the Age are to thest of March, being a few days. later than those previously received. There wasp nothing new in business, and public attention was' absorbed chiefly by the approaching general elec- tions. Favourable expectations continued to beentertained regarding the new. gold fields at Ophir. From the other fields inx\Tew South Wales the rate; of produc.tion showed an increase over last year of about 2,000 or 3,000 ounces per month. The ex-tension of the Sydney and Paramatta Railway to I;iverpool wvas proceeding rapidly, as also the works . of the Newcastle and Midland Eailwray,-which was thought likely to be opened throughout iD October next. The railway aeetings of the week have been un- - important. The report of -the directors of the ' Monnmouthishire Company states that the traffic 'receipts show an increase over those of the preceding half-year. - A dividend is recommended at the rateof 3 per cent. per annum on the ordinary shares, - leaving a small balance to be carried- forward. Theshareholders of the London, Tilbury, and SoutheniRaiway have -approved the bill before Parliament; for constructing an ex-tension line from.the Black- wrall at BowE to 'the Tilbury at Barkciur' with two' branches to the North WToolwich. The'iength will. be about 4- miles, and the lessees aretopa 6 per. cent. interest on the amotmt of sharecapital paidup and the interest on any stun that miay be borrowed: on mortgage. The election of the Ofdord, Worcester, and - Wolverhampton directors continues tccreate interest, the late divided councilshaving embarrassed the proceedings of the company. 'The anexed informationwithregard to the pro- gress of -xngish -mining adventure is condensedc* from the MiuIulgJotrnal.:- - - Althlough many mines are improving, and the high - prices of lead and tingive promise of increased dividendWin many of those descriptions 2n demand, there is little activitrin the market. At -Wheal Boller meeting the accountsf showed a balance to next account, after payment of divi- - dend, of2,6751.; a dividendaof 201. per share was declared. - The directors of the Devonshire Great-ConsoliciTt-A Copper-: I lining Company have declared X dividend of 9,216L., being--i 9?. per bsare, out of profits from sales of copper ores. 3 sampled in the months of Janay and eruary last. Aer ay.ment of the same, there remains in-hand a baance of - 24,074 in cash, ore biflsnot atmaturity, andreserved fund. At Wheal Owles meeting the accounts showveda profit o- 5531., which added to balatbe from last account, 1,187Lh knakes 'a total of 1,741Z.- afterpayment of a dividend of 51i per shhare thb balance in kand is 1,3411. At the Providence r mneeting- the accounts showed a balance is'favour of adven- - trers of 3,363L.; a dividend cf :5. per share wras declared- The :Fodale MIines (lale of lan) have declared a dividend of 2!. per shaze. At West Basset mecting tLeaccounts showed, - a balance in favour of the mine of 4,7351.; a dividend of os. per share was declared. At Mendip Hills M eetinz the accounts showed a balance favour of thc min e of l j8B2L; a dividend of 6s. per Ebare was decared. AtlealWrey Consols meeting thie accounts showed. l balanoe in favour of, adventurers of 1,961.; a dividendof 7s. persharewas declared At Hingston Down eeting the accounts ihoweil a balancelin favour of the minle of 2,299* a dividend of' 3. 6d. per-- share v.as declared. A t Boiling Well meeting the accounts.; showed abalance in favour of adventurers of 1,103?. At, Wheal Crebor metingthe acoounts shoied a balance favour of the mine of 45L At Balnoon Consols meeting tke accounts-showed a balanoe in favour of the mine of 426?.' At '.Cliijah and Wentworth meeting the accounts - showeda balance against the mine of 638 l.; a call of 15s. per share was made. At Wheal Tehidy meeting the ac--j counts showed a balanc againstthemie of 26?. ;aca ,of 2s. 6d. pei share as made. At East: IWhe.a- ussell meetIe g th-acrcounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 242 and- cash receivable, 5011.; a - call of 4s. per share ws made. At eNorth vheal xudott meeting theac- -eounts showed abalanaeein-fa,vour of thiV mine.of'4.; a 1 call of '6d. per share ws smade. AtBronfoydmeeting ther Tinandal statement sho.ed a balance aainst the nine of 27. , At. West -Alfred Consoin meetinB the ac'counts showed a. 'balancewgainst adventurers of 583?.; a callof llsg. 4d.per bre was made. At.'Wbeal ] itty (St, Agnes) meetig tb
BAILWAY AND MINYINYG SHARES Saturday Evening. The railway-market has not experienced much Dluctuation, but there was less firmness in the later part of the day. French and Belgian have been supported wvith steadiness, although the operations generally were iuimportant. Indian descriptions w-ere purchased, and in some cases exhibited a slight improvement. Australian land and banking! -shares presented no material variation. Van Diemen's Land advanced, and were dealt in at I&I and i and closed 16 to 18; Bank of Egypt left -off It to } premium; Ottoman Bank 7, to 1 premium; kational Discount Company, g to i discount; tiga railway, 1S to ;premium; Lombardo-Venetian, 6t to 9premium; Alliance Bank. 2 to 1 dis-ount; London and Paris, 3* to 22 discount; and WVestern of London, 3 to 4 discount. ORDDAi 1Y SHARES END STOC1;Y.
THE COGN TBADE. ZiV]EPOOL. MAY 24 TheB returns Of saei' of British wheat, as per "1Gazette," for the week ending the 17th inst. are 126,236 quarters, at 68,e. 9d. per quarter; corresponding week 185, 97.879 quarterM At VG6. id. per quarter ; ditto, 1354 5*931 quarters, at Ifs 2d. per quarter. These returns of sales for many weeks have been surprisngly high, and give evidence of the stregth our farmers possess to supply the neighbouring demand, We begin to fancy that the yieldI of wheat off strong £011 last autumn has bBeen sadly under-rated. Our Corn Exchange yesterday was slenderly attended. Wheat sold slowly, the useful sorts at Tuesday's prices; secondary and weak qualities nominally 2d. per bushel downm. Flour sympathized with the tone in the wheat trade. 1ndian corn was in good demand at quite as good prices as on Tuesday; American white, 29s. Cd. to 30s.; yellow and mIxed,2lBs.6Cdper 48Dlb 'Prices were unchanged for oats, barley, beanss, peas, and oaktmeal. Linseed Cakes were easier in Pric-e, and the best make ranges rom £9 to £9 5e. Per ton, The weather has become beautifully line, alter steongbreezes and refreshing showers. All the growing crops and grasses show fine promiise, and are forward as compared with the average of seasons, and are fully three weeks in advancee of the corresponding week lat year, No chgang to note to-day. NOTTIIGEHAM, M.y 24. Rain continues to fall daily in very large quantities, and shoald this continue much longer we shall have a series of spring floods,. Already the Trent and the canals are boank full, and such is the saturated state of theground that no portion of the overflow can be absorbed, We hope, however, that flue weather will now set in, appearances on alt hands being promisin~gin the extreme. From asurey of South Nottiagharn hire, carefully made, we can report that the strength Of plant, colour, and general appearance of the wheat cflop are very cheering; and there is the prospect of a tolerably early harvest, while the breadth under cultivation is larger than usual. The loss of plant is principally on the grazed seeds, though on some of the stronger soils thin pieces are foun di On summer fsllows. At one period the ravages of the wire-worm were becoming rather serious, but, by the aid of beavy rolling, a great portion of thxe thin crops hare " gathered and greatly improved, while comparatively little has been brok-en up and sown with other crops. Barley, so far, gives promise of a good crop; hut the extent. of land sown is below an average. Old stocks are almost exhausted. Both winter and spring beans are looking well-the former wil soon be in hbIom. They are cultivated to a greater extent thanx formerly, and will bare the effect of causing lower prices to ruLle. This is gneneally a good paying crop, but the principal objection to their growth is, that they require sowing at the same time as wheat, and they have to be bars-ested in the busiest part of the autumn. In quality they are generally inferior t ospring varieties. Stocks on hand are fullyup tothe average, and the current price is now about 45s. per 33 atone. Peas ace also looking promising, and this remark, generally speaking, applies to the oat crop also. The continued rains have had a very beneficial effect upon the pastures and mowing ground, being accompanied by a mild temperatuire. There seems, this season, a probability of heavy hay crops being gathered, as well as plenty of grass fodder, after two seasons of comparative scacity. Stocks Of hay on hand aTe small, and the price averages about £5 a ton, Scaircity of dry fodder, of grass, the inferior turnip crop, and the high price of cake, bare caused the keeping of stock- during the past winter to fall heavily upon the farmer, Potatoes hold out well, and are becoming cheap enough for catile. The crop) of 1S54 wias both extensive in breadth and prolific in yield, and mnore free from rlisease than ianyear since its appearance. Mr. Hall, of Hawkswvort, an atoiyof considerable, experience in this district, to whlom we are indebted for the aboveobservations, assures us that, for the most part, they are applicable also to the districts around. The supply of wheat at our market to-day was considerably less than last week; the finer qualities were the turn deare, and others main-U tained their value. Our quotations of barleyare now nearly niominal, yet a fewrsales were made tody -Rean were not so plentiful as oflate, and very few oats were showsag, we quote them asaast week The present prices of grain and flour in Nottingham are as follows :-Wheat, white, 7ie, to, Le, per 16 stone ; red, 64s. to 7Is.; barley,for matig sMe to 45s. ; for grinding, Sbe. to 3is,;: oats, 32e&t SI.per2 lstone ;beans, old, 50s to 54,s. ; nw, 4ls. toi7s.; flour, super, Mis. to 52's. per 20 stone ; fine, 4us, to 5sI. LEICESTER, MTAw 24. We have had a wreek of remarkably fine weather, andi the crops are greatly imnproving. We harve favourable reports from nearlyall the districta of the county as tothe appearance of the young whea,t. Upon most soils ithlasscome up regularly, and the blade lookcs as healthiy and strong as could be desized; it is only uPon the mere exposed soils that it appears thin', Or of aless healthy.hue. There haslbeen agreat breadth of ground sown ibis year with wheat, more thanueven last year or the year Preceding.' Barley is looking very luxuriant, and thxe -weather during the pas1 fortnight having becn very favouxable the plant has made astonishing progress. Oats are well spoken of, Winter beans will soon be in flower. They are looking exceedingly well, and there in every appearance of a good crop. Cress is growing remarkablyv fast ; there is now Plenty of fodder, and the fieldIs indicatesa good crop, which wil bo a great boon. to the farmers, as for several years past the crops of hay bare been very light. Fat stock has rather declined in price during the week, At our own market there was a good supp'y of beasts, which were dull of sal-e at reduced rates, In sheep, which were in plentifuil supply, there wTas noalteration, Beef,6Old. to 7d.;rmolten,O(ld. to 7d.per lb. At our corn-market this moraine wheat was in toeirable supply, andI the attendance of farmers and millers were rather numerous. In wheat there was a reduction of Is. Per quarter upon the quotations of lastweek with a tolerable demand. Barley was scarce, and this descriptioni of grain mainitained last week'e pruces The quantity of oats on offer was limIteed. and an advance of is. per quarter over the currencies of last week- was realized. There was an average show of beans, wvhich were the tm enheaper than last week, Prices:-White wvheat, 71iat i3sVe.; red, GLe. to GOBs;- barley, tie- to 4-ft; oats, l3e, to SOs. ; beans, 413. to 52ls, per quarter; flue flour, 5sI. to 53le.; seconds, 5Os, to file.; thirds, 4is. per 20 stone. At Loughborough the supply of wheat wras good, and sold at a re-duetion of it. per quarter upon last week's pries. Barley was inaltered in. price. Beans in good supply at full rates. Oat scarcre without alteration. At Meltoni Mowbray wheat sold at the rates of last weekc, the best samples of white realiziag, 713. and red C,le. per quarter. Barley maintained last week's. ri`ces, good samples selling at 12s. Per quarter. Inhoats no alteration, Beans realised 41s. to &ts. per quarter. At Mlarket Harborough wheat mainutained the cufrrecizese of lat week, In barley there w6as very little varieaton. Oats andE beans maintained full prices. White wheat. 7rs, to Vis. ; red, 6its, to 8sa.; barley, 3St. to 44s. ; oats, I5s, to lIe, ; beans, Ols. to 454. per quarter. DERBY, Mty 24. The weather continues very open,, with mild temperatulre, and the orpious rains that have fallen during the wyeek have bseen of the greatest service in theo crops and vegetation generally. A fortnight ago, where the young wheat was mnost exposed, the blighting effects of the continued east winid and frosty nights wvere beginning to be visible, and in many districts it was losing colour and looking thin. The copious showvers which hiave fallen lately have caused it to spread out, to recover its freshness and colour, and from nearly all parts the county we have the most favourable reports of its appearance. Barley was also looking thin and weakly, but the favourable weather of the past fortnight has caused a wonderful alteration in this plant, aud it new looks, in the majority of cases, as- well as could be desired, In some parts the Plant has hardly recovered; h ut, should we be favoured with a continuance of mild, seasonable weather, there is not much to fear. From the districts where oats are grown reports are, on the whole,favourable. The plant is ofgoad colour andlooking hea~lthy. The weather is favourable for beans, which are looking vigorous and promise a good crop. Gr~sus has improved to a wonderful extent from the heavy showers and we bars now no doubt of a prolific yield, There in plenty of foolI for cattle, and there is every probability this year of the hay crop being larger than it has been-for several seasons,. The Price of fat stock has undergone no alteration diuring the week, At our ovvn markiet there was a good supply and, with a tolerable demand last week's prices were maintained, Sheep were hardly so rlentiful as usual, but were in goodI demand at unaltered rates. Our cern-market this morning was well supplied with whbtat, andI hardly an average attendance of farmers and miller. The wheat trade ruled doll, and millers woufld net purchase1 excetaa rdutooIler quarter uopn last week's quotations, wic farmers were obliged to submit to ; at this decline, however, tire transactions were not numerous. There was not much barley offering, and what mice5were effected were at the price of last week-, good malting samples realizing 4Ge. per imperial measure. Oa ts were scarce, and in most instances the prices of last week. were gaven. There in no alteration to report inx the prices of beans, which wrere scarce. White wheat, 754. to 72's.;: red, 69Sa ho lie. ; malting barley, 445. to 4ts, per imperia measure; grinding, lIe, to 39e, per 10 stone ; old eels, lie, to le. ; new, 27e.to;J per 24 atone; old beans, Wes. to 5sIt; new, 404. to 4Gs. perI a3 tone. 4Flour, Wes. to 515. ; super floor, 5ile. to 54. per 20 stone. LThCOIN, lIar 24, Since our last report the weather has been seasonable, and vegetatiton in rapidly progressi1ng. The yousg wheat in looking e-xceedingly well, the blade being strong and of good colour. In some placesmiore particularly on poor soils-the plant has come up thin, but in most districts the young ereps look- healthy and vigorous. Thecre has been a larger breadth of ground than usual planted this year with wisest. There are favourable reports respecting the appearance of harley, whichL upon meet soils is look'ing well, and gives goodI promise. Oats are progressing, and, on the whole,are looling wvell, the weather beinghigbly favourable for this description of grain. Winter beans are looking healthy, as al1so are those plantedl in the spring. The grass l-ands bare made extraordinarY PrOgress, the genial and refreshidng showers having caused a wonderful change, and -we hiare sow little fear of set having a prolific crop, Agriclhinrallabosirers are realizing high wag,es. In fat stock there has has been a slight advance during the weekc. At IPeterborough, with a good supply, beef realized 54. per stone. Sheep were plentiful. and w,ere brisk of sale, at an advance upon last week's rates ; mutton sold at td. perib. At our own stock-maark-et sheep sold at antadvancea of Is. per head, At Holbeach the show of horseawvas an average one, and superior animals realized high rates. At Rothwell sheep) were in excellent supply, and commanided high prices. At ourmnarket yesterday the supply of wheat was an average one, andthere wasa tolerable attendanceeof farmers and millers. For wheat there was a tolerable demand, and althoughx milem strove topurchase for less money than last wreek, farmers could not be induced to sell for less than last week's rates, which were suibmitted to. There was not much barley at,market, and in this description of Oats wero rather scarce, and sold for It per quarter more money than last week, but at thcse quotations the trade ruled rather dulL In beaus tere was an advance of 6d. to Is. per quarter, with a tolerable demand(. W'hite vheat, 75s. to 77s. r zed, 6Os. to 70s.; barley, 4ds. to 45Soats, 27s. to SO3; beans, 45'. to 49s. per quarter. DONCASTEP, MrY 22. The weather since last Saturday has been on the wholeshilhlyfavour able for the growing crops, although thero has been rather a superabundance of wet. On Thursday a hcavy thunderstorn passed over the tovin, and it appears to have extended to several other parts of the West Riding ; the Midland Railway at Calverley-bridge, Litermanton was flooded ; and at Bradford a man wan killed by th, electric fluid. In this immediate district no damage was done beyond the inundation of. several cottages in some of the low-lying villages. Yesterday and to-day we have had frequent showers of rain and the land in this neighbourhood is pretty weU saturated now. The reports from the country di3tricts this morning are for the mo3t Tart satisfactory. A very great change has been made in the appear ace of all hinds of vegetation, which is now very luxuriant The wheats on the high lands are looking splendid ; on the clay and, car lands the plant has received an excess of moiste, and is beginning to turn yellow in places; but a little fine warm weather wiUl set it right again Onthe thin and poor soils the bladestiU seems scanty in tha gromun and doubts are entertained as to the ultimate state of the crop One of our largezt farm4ers, who ha3 reoentlybeen through 17 or 18 countie3 south of this reports that the crops generally ara looking thin, 33 if a considerable quanty of the seed had perished. It is, however, worthy of remark that, in the season of 1854, when th3 most abundant harvest on record was obtained, the wheat plant stood thinner on the ground in the month of May than was thought at all consistentwith s prolific yield. Otherthings being equal, a moderate quantity of plant on the ground about this timne of the' year is now cousiderd moe likely to pr-oduce an gbundance of grainU thatt gro that are thick, and rnk. When the seed is Put into the ground a liberal allowance is alway made forwaste and destruction, and it lassW disadrantageoua to tbe fmerfor aillWssaeed to come up asalt is for too little, inasmuch as he does niot get morewheat, but only more straw. by his heavy crop. Taking all things into account, wheat is as Promising this Year as it has ever beeni mown to be at the samo season. Barley comes on splendidly;- it is anyw yeaxs since this kind of grain lGooked so well as tt does at preset, anid, should it experience no drawback, WMil afford a peaat preponderance of - mnalting samples They will be Tery acceptable, for it is no longer to be doubted that the breadthi of barley sown this year is considerably under the average, and asthe stock of malt at the present time Is shorter than usual, and the demand for brewing and distilling purpoiessimay be expected to in crease with the return to comunercial prosperity, there is every probabilIty of the value of the article rising unless it should ha kept downbY thefertnty of the harvest. Oats, beans, and peas have pro gresased considerably duming the last week, and are now looking, remrkaly ell wihou an exepton,so far as we can learn, Potaoesals hae sot u uner he aterains; the early were sPrung uP amazingly, and at their present rate of growthL the hay, harvest will be commnence-d ins few weeks. If well got in the crop will inx all probability be the, larges ever gathered in this country At our market this moraing we had. zgAtu a Tery liberal show of whe~aton offer for the time of gear, most ofitof good quality. There was a rather large attenidance of buyers, mnost of those from Leeds Wakefield, Hull, Manchester, Oldiham, to., being preset. There was evidently more dispoeition among both factors and milers to do' business than Was manifested last week, but the buoyant tone of the: lending markets; even in the face of very large supplies, as at Wake. field 'yesterday, influenced holders hiere, anid they commenced by, aaskinghigher terms than thaoseof last Saturday. Purchasers refusing. to mak'e any alteratiOn, business lagged for some time, after which the' farmer relaxed their tone, and sold pretty freely at the currencies of the Previous market. Some houlders of the first samples of white wheat, however, succeeded in obtaining a trifle mere mnoney, but this was not done to an extent to alt-er quotations. The highest price. realized was X&s Gd per load (8us, 4cd, per quarte)r. Theo barley trade this Morning was confined to very small limits. Our quotations are nominally the same, but whore salei were pressed less money had to be; tak-en. There was a pretty brisk deumad for good fresh oats, and *.prices were fully as high as lat week, in some cases a shade over-Beans, also, were in mere active request, and prices were a turn. in favour of the seller, 'particularly for the best samples. The Price of flour has not undergone any alteration lately, although the price of wheat has fallensmee tbat of meal was reduced The millersdeclare they are not getting their own at the present rates, flour (the best) at Is.Sd.pe stne f tibbei'-the sa, heaerthan wheat at anaverageDris o He G. pr lad 'O. pr qartrjThe following are our quottios t-day:-Weae at2a~,~ p load y of thre imperW The corn-markets in this d-istrIct have been during the past week, wi'th one or two exceptions, abundantly sup pled with gramu;at WaIefield, yesterday, there was the largest arrivalthere has been theresinace -harvest. -Ine wheats have fully maintained their former value, though the quotations have not aniywhere been enhanced, while the genral runs of secondary and inferior qualIty have been difficult to selwithout a reduction, and in tivo or three instances the decline has been from is. to2Is.per quarter. The trade in barleyliasfalien off, and *the article has been dull, with an abatement in some cases of is. pr quater Oas hve ee betorto ispse f,and prices are somewhat inspo.-e. Bans nd eas ave ot nderoneany alteration, bute GLOGETERt, MAY 24. Our arrivals this weekc from abroad amuount to 1.300 ardebs of beans from Alexandria, and 9.812 quarters of oats from Groningen From. Ireland we have further free arrivals of oats and barley, consisting of 2,918 barrels of the former, and 1,54 barrels of the latter grain. Not. withstanding the very favourable change in the weather and the ins. Proved appearance of the growiing crops, farmers held f or full prices. on the ground that stocks are wanning low, and we cannot quote any sensible decline in Prices. Englishx white wheat, Lis, to 71s. per quarter, and redl, 6ls. to Ol9. Foreign as under :-Choloe Danube, 'L6s. to ifs, per 4801b. ; IbraiIa, LIe to 6Cs. : other varieties as last quotedL English mnakting barley, 36a, to t0s. per quarter, and grinding, Pie, to 3fs. ; Blab, 34s. to ISa. per 400th. New English beaus 42e, to 4Ie., and old I4s, to 455. per' 'cuarter ; Egyptian, fi3e, to Pi., ,and French, lBs. to 42s. per 8-65M1b.; Irish oats, 2Ie. 6d, to l2e, per .3121,. ; tawnay, 2Ie. tol2ls,; and black, 22s. d.to 2e. 6d. For Engilish peas, pea, to fIs per quarter for breakers, and dIe, to 44s. forgrinders. *At Chieltenham market on Thursday little business was done at late *rates. At Tewb-esbiry on Wednesday the supply of wheat on offer wras small. Old wheat, St. 9d. to 9a. 6d. per bushel, and new Be. to Os. per bushxel:- maIling barley, Is. Gd. to 5s., and grinding, 4s. to 4s3. Gd. ; English oats, Bes. 3d. to 4s, and Irish, Is. to Is. Id. ; English beans, Es. d.ts.G.anfoeign, 4s. Pd. to is. Gd.; toiling pens, 53. 9il. to Gs. Gd., and hog, 5s. to Ss. 6d. per bushel. At Stow-on-the-Weld the6 average prices were-WVheat e2s. per imperial quarter, and barley lie. sAllspl ofre shheepandcatle; beef pandofth mounttyonrethe frw omid ton to iday,per lb. Thme dmoneht cheeseimaprkeashed onui the es,las day. Thloedsppybwastishgort, nd dt sairmnakngrafulltpriceaotained ofe ae,ffewt sales weretateffabeted,thgreatrbulkof( te suppiay being rhe- rAsshuricane wihasvisitedwthi partpioft thec ountlryfor anfe hoursone favourable lands there is as much igrass at this time as we had at the hiaymaking season last year. TIhe crops, too, are looking healthy and* growing fast. Potatoes are showing- themselves evrerywhere, and look exceedingly promi-sing. There is an unusually large breadth of spring *wheat planted this year, Our market to-day was well attended, and an average business was transacted at the following currencies :-English white wheat, Os. to - Os 6d.; per bushel, and red, Ss. Gd. to Be..; malting barley, 4s. 3d. to tIe. Mid, and distlilng, Is. Gd. to 4I9. Sd. ; new Englislh beans, 5s. Gd, to. Cs., sand old, Os. to Os. 6d. ; foreign, 4s. 3d. to 5st Gd. per bushel ; new English oats, 4s. to as Gd. per S91b. ; and ITiab, 3s. 9d, to as.; white P pas,- Ss. Gd. to Os., and gray, Bs. 4d, to Ss. rd. per bushel. Last Worcester averages of wheat, £3 Ss. 831d. per quarter. At Hereford there was hutsa small attendance of farmers, and little business was dune. White wheat, Be. Gd. to 9s. ; and red, Ss. to 8s.t6d. perO62ib. ; harley,4Is. Idto 4s. .; oat.s, Pa Gd, toa Gd.6 ; eld *beans, Os.-toOGs.6d.; and new, 5st tos. ; Peas,s,toGsc, SM; andtares,, Ss. to Os. Averages, wheat, MS. ; and barley, Ifs, per imperia quarter. At. Wolverhampton on Wednesday the supplyalso was; moderate, and fine wheats could notbe bought lower, while otherlkinds gave way Is-; per quarter. At Bronisgrove, also, finewhent maintained ite valnie but secnday qaliieswer la 502s.perquaterchepe; malting barley. The erefrd fir o Monay ws lieralyuanp pled, and fat cattle realzed d. t lI. pe lb.Lea stok inbeterndemnd than of late. Shep aerged3d pe lb i th wol;andpis cntnueindemand.; realzin god pice, Te hrse airwanlarelysupli~but nuti READING, MAUr 24. The wvheat stands in the Exchange to-day were filled onlyb to a -moderate extent, and there was stillsa fair proportion of choice samkples. The large impa,rts into Liverpool of foreign wheat have necessarily produced a depression in the home mnarkets, for while undonhtedly ho milershava~but lttle wheatonhand,and areinwant ofadditional stocks, they wil not buy unless at prices below these lately Prevalent, because the flour market still mainteens its low, unremundrative rates. Trade~began wvithi an offer of a reduction oni the prices of last week-, but holders kept rather firm, and showed no disposition to give way, until it was manifest beyond alt doubt that the mealmen wvould only purchase at lower figures When this was perceplible farmaers gave way, and the business may be quoted as being abouit Is. per quarter cheaper for the beat samples of wheat, and of full Is. for the secondary and inferior qualities. This redluction-was not so great as u-as in the first instance sought to be established, therefore the milen were not to a lamge extent, and a good deal of the supply lwa remuoved to the granaries unsold, The beat white 'wheat sold at iM. to 8sI. ; and some exceedingly fine parcels sold from fi3e, to 8Sa.;, secondary quali. ties,¶GB9s. to 7Us, an ind 7.; red wheat, best U4s. to Mgs and SOs. ; ditto, secondary descriptions, Los, to its, and 7isa As the malsters have now entirely done for the season, our supplies of barley become mnore and more scarce, and, notwithstanding the demand dontinuen good, sellers cannot obta'in more money than of late for this artiele. Trade was dull, at the following prices :-Dlstilflong qualities, from PBs. to 155. ; and grinding, from PIe, to Pie. per quarter. There is a large quantity of oats in granary, but owring to the sluggis sat-te of trade of late dealers have not sent many to market, and today the stanids were thinly supplied. There was little Inquiry; nevertheless, prices were exceedingly firm, and in cm instances a little higher. They must be quoted as follows :-Tartary, ,t s n Poland 26s. tol29s, per quarter. - 1tt B. n With beans, ospecially of good old sort;, the ma3rket was well stockeod. Business was Tory quiet and prices did net experience any change. The beet descriptions of eld English realized 6from lIe, to file.: and last year's beaus, whiich were again in fair request, 40s. to Ads. There wan a fair amount of business done in IVyptmans, and the prices raulig were-lOs. to lie, for wrhole, and l4e, to Ifs for split. - We noticed but few peas on offer, but thec requirements of the trade are so much lessened rece.Z_ir that the supply was miore than ample for the demand. The beat hog peas were solse at Ida. to 41s., while the rough and interior lota fetceod fro. alie. to 4Os. per quarter. Our market for flour. notw-isthauding the reduction in -wheat, -ma tamned ate previous state. The comapetition is undoubtedly great, hut the wheat is so high in price that the niealniien cannot vary their terms, therefore the quotations have not altercdt. They are-hoxiseholds 56s., and seconds 5Ie, per sackzof 2801b. Ouir weekly return from the Inland Rtevenuae-olcoe continues to show adecreasingquantity of wheat sold at each market. Last week there were onlyl1.405 quarters, asa arinst 1,688 quarters at the previous maarket,and 1.981 quarters a fortnight ago. The sum realizedTens £5,115 I. O9t, or an average of 7he, 7d,, per quarter, being upwards of £000 less for the total quantity than'- the weekc preeding, but. an advance on the average per quarter of Is. The barley trade is shown to be very limited, for only 175 quaerters were disposed of. The sum obtinned was £,3910 l., and the average l7e. 9OtL, or an increase of Gd. Ther counrtery maktppear to ha tolcrablywell supplied with wheat, butthee ia cntiueddowwar tedeny.At Abingdon. on Monday thre asalare qantty f weaton offer; trade was dulL, and a redcton f s. o s. erquare effected. On Tuesday, atWokingham threwea far uppy,and prizes were lower. The same was thecas a Faungonon tat day. On Wedneseday, at Basingetoke, ther wa a nlisuply,and to effect sales a reduction of Ie. to Is. per quaterwa sumitedto. At Hungerford, en that day, there was a libeal howo what;trade was languid, and the rates wero fnUy Is. per uarer owe. AWautage, on that day, there was a large quantit onoffr,andpriesreceded to the extent oif Is, to Is, per quarter. (inThurda,atNwbryheqajntity of wheaton sale wasmnoreox,nun, usiiussat, nnsals oul olyto ad a a- eln fI.t Is. per qearter. The prices rangled from 4s, to 3is. for wheat, and barley from Pie. to 40s. At Henley-on-Thames, on that day. the trade in wheat was dull, at a decline of ls. per quater. On Eriday, aet Wallinford, the suepply of wheat wa rate, and trade inanimuate at2Is. Per quarterwreduction, At High Wycombe, on that day, the trade inl wheat was ine ntmato, and prices did not vary materialy. WHite wheat sold at ihs, to pee.; red ditto, rem. to dul NORW5ICH, MAr 24, The weather has been excedingl favourableo during he week, rain and sunshi'ne having rapidly succeeded each other nearly erery day. Under these encodraging cireumstances vegetation is makin7 considerable progres,e and the youngswheeLs aresweUl spoken of. The local markets have generally manifested a dowsnward tendency duringathe weeksforbwth wheat andnbarley. AtIpewichand BurySt Edmunwit a decline of 1,. to Is. per quarter -as noted in wheat, but at otherp'Laceathe decline was notise grat, and at the later maLrkets on Thursday a fire(erwtone wan apparentt. ere tloday the lhest trade was extremely dlul, but there .as generaDy tittle change in prices. The oating s eas toneing nowv at an end, the business doing in barley is excedingl smal; quotations ams nominallythet ame. The prices of ierior descriptions are ir egutar, but te following are the general rates here for twheat and barley;ITfheat, wrhite (weighingGlib, to GlIb, per imperial bushel), Hes.- ts red.; ditto, red (weighing 601b. to G3ib.), 63s. to whie; barley, malttalg jwelghin7 521h. to fiib.), 40i. to dli. ; ditto, distilling (wreighing7 10th to Star b.) 3Sy to 3s. per quarter. At the last wreekly sate of fOUr at the new mils in this city fomur wrent off atf is Gd. to 45e. 9d. per sack. L.-steat averages .-Wheat, 1,4401 quarters, S7s, lid, (aginst P,OZi3 quartor^, ida. 7rL correspondinlg period- lat year); barley, 102) quarters, Pie. 7d, (sgamnst 852 quarters Is. Sod, correspond-: tag period last year);. beans, 10 quarters, 46a. (against 313 quarters, 4ie. l^rL, corresponding period last year. COLOHEESTERE, bLtr 24. Although the rujuplies hare not beenll arge, as the3 farmers are insclined tohold back their samples, in consequence of the late rednction, the trade has beendull, and the quotations are lower th3anlastweek; To ouir market to-day the sales of wrheat effected were a.t is. to Is. belowA the rates of lest week. The heat white wheat, realized lIe; red, He3. to Lie.; macsean beans, 36s. to POe.;. white peas, lOs. to 12s. The barley trade is merely nominal. )Oeiterday, at CheLnford, the supply waE short. hut tbl ulUel did We 49s. to' 75,;' r.do 4T7L nto 7.:brlay. w O3.6d. to 2e ; ablt [ Lto75.; WPU.4&to473.; fckbeam,353.to37a. DUBlUe', Mf. 23. We bave nO quotable alteraton to report n tSe carrnrcie of our corn-market since riday. There was to-day a brisk demand for wheat, and an biproyed demandfor Indian con. butotherdescnp tions eanere very as of sale, and scarcely supported the quotal +1-fTcAt1d. t0
STATE 7P F T1l4D 7;. MANCHESTER, YAY 2£. Manufacturers and spinners have been willing sellers throughout the week at rather lower rates,and spinners 1 have given way to the extent of about id. per lb, on yarns, which is about the change that has taken place in cotton.' In some cases spinners seem disposed to hold more firmly to-day, and prices are steadier in kIinds of yarn not much Eressed npon the market. In domestics the sales have been ut taoderate, and prpceshave been barelv sustained. I long cloths and T cloths some little concession has had to be madeto effect sales. For India 40-inch shirtings manufacturers have had to give way as much as lAd. to 3d. per piece, and these goods are 4Vd. to id. per piece lo;wer than the highest rates asked during the month. India jacconots have given way about lAd. per piece in the same time. In SG-inch shirtings there is not much business, bat prices have been better sustained. The demandfor printing cloth has been on a small scale, with rather easier rates. Messrs. George Fraser, Son, and Co., ini their monthly circular of yesterday, thus review the changes which have taken place since the 23d of April:- "We mentioned in our last that the demand had been considerably curtailed, in consequence of the high prices reached for most of our staples, and this state of matters .has continued m our mari;et ever since, being attended during the last fortnight with some decline in prices, as buyers have been unwiUing to continue their previOus extensive operations without a concession. The extensive purchases which have, with but little interruption, taken place continuously since the end of October must have in a great measure sufficed to replace the previously exhausted stocks in middle hands, and, as the accounts from India by the last mail were not encouraging for continuing shipments at the high prices reached for shirtings jacconots, and twist, buyers becae, on their receipt, more than previously dismclined to enter into transactions, unless at a material decline from the previous pretensions of manufacturers and spinners. "The decline has consequently been greater in India classes of goods than in any other kinds, but in the continued absence of large transactions it is difficult to quote vith certainty. Perhaps it may be considered as varying from 4.d. to ndf per piece on shirtings from the e.xtreme rates obtained for small quantities, and in India yarns about id. per lb., and with still a drooping market. India jacconots have given way fully 1l,d. r iece. "There tas also been a slight fall in the prices of most other articles in our market. We quote 7-8ths printers IlAd. per piece lower for 52 to 60 reeds, the better kdnds remaining nearly stationary. Gray madapollams 1id. per piece lower, 9-Sths gray printers Id. to 2d. lower for some makes in 25 yards, with a corresponding decline in 37A yards; figured shirtings lId., or in some cases 3d. per piece under the e.xtreme prices realized; mulls, lid. to Sd. per piece lower, T cloths irregularly l.d. to 3d. per piece down, longcloths l:6d. per piece, ando domestics l-16d. per yard lower. There is aIso a corresponding decline in yarns of most kinds, but with considerable irregularity. "The cotton-market has followzedmuch the same course as our own with respect to the diminished extent of purchases, but from their comparative scarcity the better grades are not effected much in prices, nor is it the general opinion that good cotton will rule lower; indeed, the opinion inIAverpool, which is to some extent partak-enby the trade, points in the other direction, after the present inactivity has terminated. Ordinary grades of cotton, being more plentiful, are, and will probably so continue, relatively cheaper, and have suffered -a little in price since our last. The later accounts from the United States indicate the probability that the crop will turn out fully equal in magnitude to the larger estimates previously formed,-say of 3,500,000 bales, or upwards, and the comparative exports to Great Britain have latterly been considerably increased. " There has not been any great change in the state of the money-market, or the-value of money, but the expectation is general that it is tending in the direction of greater case. Indeed, there has already been a step made in that direction, for yesterday the Bank of England equalized its rate of discount on two and three months' paper, 6 per cent. being now the charge for both. There has been a further loan negotiated on the part of our Government to the -extent of 5,000,00. sterling, the preparation for which led a few days ago to a temporary, artinicial tightness and pressurel; but, as thoeamount of depositsactuay reached about four-fifths of the total amount of the loan, the bulk of which has again been repaid to the denositors, the market for money has been considerably easier during the last three days, and, as no more leans will be negotiated this year by our Government, the future is clearer than previously since the commencement of the war. "There is ne material change in the value of breadstuffs but if the present excellent har~vest proDecta be realized hereafter, we may, later on in thle year, look for cheaper food, which alone seems nowv to be wanting permanently to improve still futher the prosp>ects of business." EUtMIN GH~, MY 24. The large arrivals of shipping and the American mails at Liverpool during the week have not, so far as we can learn, yet produced much effect upon the iron trade of South Staffordshire. The demands upon the cessation of war have not up to the present time been so great or so urgent as expected; but still the fir3t houses are well employed, and there are few, except among inferior makers, who complai of the existing condition and prospects of the trade.3 ;iaies which to some extent have recently been effected under last quarter-day'sprices are in realitynot what is understood as "underseDing." They consist of iron made from inferior ores, and can, in fact, be afforded at a better profit at lower rates than the best makes, which are fetching 91. per ton. For first makes prices are firm, and none of the marked houses will accept contracts at lower terms than those fixed inJanuary. FRor rods, mere Particularly, the demand is said to be brisk, andfor boiler plates there his lately been a considerable calL A small failure in the iron manufacture has been announced at Smethwick during the present week but it is not likelylin any seriousdegree to affect the district. It is a remnant of the disasters which occurred in South Staffordshire about 12 or 1S months ago, and for some time past has been anticipated by those acquainted with the circumstances of the firm. The price of pig-iron is upon the decline, and this, too, notwithstanding the smalness of stocks on hand. An " Ironmaster" informs us that the price of miue pigs (South Staffordshire make) varies from 41. 5s. to 41. -15s. North Staffordshire forge pig is worth from 41. to 41. 2s. 6d. per ton- delivered into the district. Iarge quantities of pottery mine and hematite ore are comring into the neighbourhood, and they are considered by many essential to the carrying on of the works. The high prices which have recently been exacted by the South Staffordshire pigrnakers appears likely, from all accounts, to receive a salutary check; for, notwithstanding Lord Ward is about to appropriate the greatest portion of his make to his own use inthe production of malleable iron, the Old Park and Stirchley Company, to which we referred a few weeks back, as well as another Shropshire house seling first-class pigs, have entered with great spirit into the South Staffordshire market, and promise an abundat supply. Daring the summer months, when blast fcrnaces do not produce so much as during the cooler periods of the year, these additional quantities of pigs imported from a distance will be particularly acceptable to the ironmasters of the district. During the week a meeting of ironmasters and coal proprietors has been held at Wolverhampton for the purpose of taking into consideration the bill now before Parliament for the rating of mines. Many objections are taken to the measure, and more especially oysthoe who hold mines on lease) The rates now levied upon this description of property for the maintenance of the poor are considered disproportonately high, and the previsions of the proposed new law would render them still mere inequitable. It was umanimously resolved at the meeting to which we refer to strenuously oppose the bill; and Mr. Smith (Lord Ward'sa agent), Mr. iaathews, and MIr. Blackwell were appointed a deputation to call the attention of the Mining Association' of Great Britain to the subject at their annual meeting to i be held in London on thle Zlth inst. There has been little or no change in the position of the coal trade since our last report. The supplies of home produce, as well as from a distance, are great, and present rates are with difficulty maintained. At the pit's mouth coals are decidedly cheaper; but the dealers, and not the consumers, derive the chief benefit from the fall which has taken place in the price of house coaL With furnace coal the case stands somewvhat different. Many of the ironmasters are likewise coal-proprietors, and those who are not take especial care to provide themselves with the inferior descriptions required for their works at the lowest marlket prines. The heavy black ironfoundry trades of the district con-. tinue generally active, and several establishments extremelybusy. Within these few days one or or two contracts for inunense engine boilers have been completed, but they have been succeeded by others of equal nmagnitude. At the Woodaide Works, one of the most exstensive foundries in the neighbourhood, heavy contracts are on hand for public companies and the operatives are wel emploved. There is not the same demand in the district as a fei years ago for ironwork required in tho construction of railways; but, judging from the number of specifications recently issued, and for which tenders have been made in the iron districts, the reqnired renewals of the various lnes of the kingdom will give abundance of wrk to our local foundries. The same observation applies to the constant requisite repairs5 and rebuilding of locomotive engines and railway carriages and trucks. At the present time most of our principal establisbments engaged in these branches of manufacture are in fair work; and, considering their increase during the last few years, their general activity is somewhat remark able. The railway axe and spring businesses are busy, and indeed almost every branch of ironfoundry used in the manufacture of carriages and trucks is brislk Among. other specificationsforthis andother descriptions of-work required by railwvay companies is one issued by the Ljondon and lNorth-Western COm pany during tbhe p resent week. The directors require tenders for copper, axles, coals, lead, Staffordshireiron, tire bars, ironcashngs, steel, tinblock, &c. At Walsall the fireiron makers are busy, and good workmen wanted, a scarcity of hands having not been felt for some months previous. The saddlers' ironmongery bui.- ness of that town also continues good, and hitherto -.bt slightly affected by any diminution of orders for the a'rmy. The edgetool makers in the neighbourhood of Weanfsbujy"l are prettywell off for orders, although the contracts for' the Land Transport'Corps and the army labourers are pretty generally concluded.- A gradual im provement is mnifestin somne of the tradaa of Birminghamo 'Even in prosperous times complaints are uttered by m:en wo have zest reawol to zejoic in cmmer- cial or manufacturing success; but at the preient tline hr5 is less murmuring than usual, and great hopes are entr tained -ith regard to the fature. The bras-fou ndry bi. ness, which for some time has been considenbly depreaed, begins to look up, and good cabinet brass dressers are in -re. -quest. This would appear to indicate a favowable move amaong other branches of trade throughout the country which brass cabinet work is used. The bome demand for all descriptions of copper and brass articles is representei tov beonthe increase; bgt as yet there ha sZ=bta.al augmentation Of foreignL ordlers A speedy continental 14. mand is, however, confdently expected, more especialy for vire tubing and gas fittings. Before the late war bro7ke out the trade of: Birmingham in these artibss with the northern States of Europe was imumense, and.a renewal of it is deemed all but certain. There is coin tively little doing in some branches of plumberse -foundry, and in several establishments the men are only partialdy employed. This is attributed, like the slackness o, ±he window-glass trade, to the continued suspension of building operations, as observable over the entire kingdoni. There are, however, symptoms of a revival of these bns~nesses, and, if the money-market should become easier than it has been during the spring, there will unquestionably be more doinginthabuildingtrade The jewelrymanufacture thisweel-ievdencesimprovejment, eveninthelighterbmrnches of ornamental work. irst-rate hands are required in the locket department of the trade, and generally other branshes aremoreactive thanat thecommencementof theyear. Such are the representations made by working jewellers having largeestabiilmmentsinBirmingham and extensive connexions in *ondon. The patent enamel manufacture, formerly carried on by?fr. Selby, now it has been taken up since the failure of that gentleman by Messrs. T. C. Salt and son, is again active. The worlks are well nigh in full operation, and exhibit their former life and spirit. The japannery trade is not over busy, but there are some good factors' orders on haud for best descriptions of goods. The best lamp.manufacture for the Mediterranean market is fair, and upon lustres and chandeliers of first make some of the manutacturers are engaged for the Egyptian Court. Little new or favourable can be reported Tespecting any branches of the button trade. Brass or gilt buttons are, however; slightycomiug into wear, and if the fashion were once fairly set it is thought it would be speedily followed. More are ordered for home consumption than was in demand soma short time ago. The-high price of pearl keeps the pearlbutton manufacture somewhat slack. The Birmingham Chamber of Commerce having collected a considerable quantity of valuable evidence in support of Mr. Lowe's bill for the abolition of local dues on sbipping; have deputed Mr. Lowe, for many years an extensive ex; porter of general hardware, to give evidence upon the subjectbeforethecommitteeof the House of Commons now sitting. That gentleman states that the exports of hardvare amount to about 60,000,00D1. annually, and that the liverpool corporationnmake from4,0001. to 5,0001. a-year by the; hardware sent fromthat port. Mr. Lowe, among otherfacts,, mentions that the payments which his firm makes in town dues in aid-of the corporation funds of Liverpool amount to about 901. par annum, while its local rates in Birmingham are only 541. 15s. One house in Liverpool, it is known, realizes a considerable pDrfit by e.xorting their goods in the name of a partner who happens to a freeman. In addi, tion to this important question the Chamber has had its attention directed more especiallyto our present commercial relations with France, and in imitation of the manufactu. rers in the Potteries, it is suggested that immediate and energetic steps should be taken to strengthen the hands of the mperor, who, it is contended, is sincere in his desire to " inaugurate a peace policy which wouold promote the substantial and mutual welfare of his own people an& his allies." The iron districts are already benefited inL some slight degree by the reduction of the duty on British iron imported into France, and great advantages would. accrae to the Birmingham manufacturers, if by a reciprocal treaty the productions of both countries were relieved from vexatious imposts, now indficting serious mutual injury. The superior articles of hardware now manufactured at Birmingham and Sheffield would fast; supersede the cheap goods of Belgium and Germany,: which now find a ready sale in the markets of France. NOTTIN,GHAM MAY 24, The continued wet weather has an unfavomrable effect upon the fancy lace trade, but in plain nets a very large business continues to bh done, and the enhanced rates art, now obtained without difficulty. The Anmezicans are buyingm freely; considerable orders are continually being received from Germany; and, though the home buyers are among the most cautious, for the home supply a very fair amount of business is being effectecd. Our hosiers are just completing operations for the American fall trade; and, notwithstanding the greatlyk advanced prices, a very large amount of business has been. done. Had the old low rates ruled, no doubt the purchases for the United States would have been great beyond precedent. In this branch of local manufacture and trade the home buyers are also the- most cautious; but, as there iEr no escaping from the higher prices ruling, and there is a, good demand from many quarters, manufacturers are busy; and the operatives are fully employed. Indoed, there isstill a scarcity of hands. Yarns are finn, at late advances, and some descriptions" are still dearer. - LEICESTER, MAIY 24. There has this week been a tolerable amount of business doing in gloves and other articles for the markets of the United States. In some of the fancy branches, also, there has been a demand to some extent, but these departments cannot be said to be very active. For the home market there is very little doing; this comprises the worsted and woollen hosiery, and this branch is decidedly dull, which operates still more upon the iterest of the manufacturer, in consequence f the exorbitant price of materiaL The trade generally presents avery dull aspect. The wool m?rket is firm, and withouLt variation, and in worsted there iS no cr,ange. LEEDS, MAY 24. The woollen cloth trade in this town and district has manifested no particular feature of change this week The attendance of buyers has been but moderate, and their purrchases have been of a like character. 'The summer goods trade, so far as the manufacturers are concerned, is fast drawing to a close, and the heavier fabrics for autumn and wvinter wsear are beginning to attract the most attention. Indeed, the largest portion of the goods sold in the public markets this week have been such as were suited for the fall trade. As -the prices realized for colonial wool at the current sales in London have been rather less this week than those obtained last week, there is some abatement in the feeling of anxiety among clothiers as to what they may have to pay for the raw material. All clothing wools are higher than they were a month ago, and the manufactarera complain of the dificulty of realizing adequate remuneration for the employment of their capital, their machinery, and their skill but they have gradually advanced their prices. and a continuation of the present steadl demand for goods, of which there is a fair prospect, will give producers aU they can reasonably desire. One slight circumstance in favour of the manufacturers oE thetrne-colour blue and black cloths is the fall intbeprice of indigo. The prices obtained at the salesjust concluded inthe metropolis show on the average a decline of about 4d. per lb., as compared with the sales in February. To the indigo merchants the prices obtainable at the recant sales appear to have been very unsatisfactory; for out of 9,252 chests declared for sale at the opening, nearly two-thirds were either withdrawn or bought in, only 3,473 chests being sold. Btit neither the fall in the price of indigo nor the check which has occurred in the tendency to advancing rates for colonial wool wil allow the manufacturers to replace their proserkt stocks by others equally as good at a less price. They ap. pear qnite sensible of this, and hold firmly to late prices for their products. Ience, perhaps, mayvwe account for tha quietness of our aarkets this week. To-day's attendance of buyers and their purchases in the cloth-halls have been, like those of both last Saturday and Tuesday, quite within an average compass. The stocks on hand are withm a moderate comupass, neither being very low nor exoessively heavy; and the woollen trade, in its general state, is satisfactory. An incidental proof of this was aflorded by a sale of several hundred ends of woollen cloth by auction in this town this week, for the sale was well attended by buyers; the competition was spirited, and the prices obtained were generly considered high. The worsted trade at Bradford and Halifax has shown no material chan"e since last week. There continues to be a good seasonab;e demand for yarns and goods, the only difficulty being to adjustprices, those of wool being in a somewhat critical position. The tendency of prices of combing wool seems to be rather downward, and the impression is that there will be a good supply of the forthooming English clip, and that prices will not keep so high as they are at present. BELFAST, MAY 23.- Linen.-The steady movements in the linen trade continue to give greater confidence to mnerchants and manufacturers. White goods have been more active for so far in the present month, and transactions ran"e much above those noted at the same date of Last year. 1)emuaLd for the American markets is improved, and now the people on this side the Atlantic begin to share in the results of high rates for breadstuff throughout the United States. Thequantitie3 of linen fabrics shipped to the principal seaports of America this season have been very large, and the amount of leiti. mate sales no less extensive. Browan markets were rather quiet last week, not from any decline in demand, but be. cause of lessened supplies 'in several of the principal seats of sale. Ballym ena on Saturdaywas not largelyattended; the wet weather, Jhowever, kept back numbers of drapers, and caused a narrower show ol webs. Yarns look up. Ordinary spinnings have been in good demand at full rates, and for prime warps higher prices rule sales. In the arrangement of certain orders for -that cxtra quality of yarn required in the manufacture of top qualities of thread very hxgh rates rule contracts. Flax.-The markets for the past weel eek have had a smaller supply of flax in them than there was in the previous one, the wet weather preventing the farmers from bringing it out. It is generally understood thatte flax is gettinginto very small compass in the farmers' hands. In Cootehill, Ballibay, Monagohan, andAu ghinacloy onlly 10 tons appeared. In Aragh, Cookatown, Tandragee, and Ramthfriland only 7 tons, a hich sold at the following prices:-HIand-scutched, 5s.to is. Gd., and miUl-scutched, Gs. Gd. to l0s. Gd. per stone of lGjlb. Cotton.-The local trade ontinues quiet. Power-lonom fabrics have had a steady sale aU season; and the extension of the system introducd here by the enterprise ofM-esn-s. J. and T. Kennedy must have a great effect on the consumLtion of coarse pyns. It is sometimes difficult to obtainhan - suffient to meet the requirements of the market f6r tho lower reeds, aud now that sdlled labour' is so , well paid as compared with the less saientific class of work. weavers are genesall y unwilling to take the coarser descripions of wort Mlanuacturers are busy in the lino jaccesotand cambric trades, and, as we have already noted, tla denand for those qualities of goods gives ful emPloynmesit and inceneased wages to a large body of weavers. Tha handloonm labour of the cotton manufacture may be said to have 'now centred itself in the north of Ireland. Three-fourths of all the plain goods consuned in, Glasgow are workel within a circuit of 30 miles around Belfast. In trho manufacture of fine 'lawns the enterprise and ilkll of employer and operative continue to make progreAs and at present the class of goods turned out of the loomsR would rank 'with the finest produetioum a the v int i kIndon&,
LONDONt, MfONDAY, MAY 26, 156. When Lord DERBY denoLmced the great change now admitted into our maritime law, and induced 102 Peers to range themselves against it, he took care not to hazard an opinion as to what ought to have been done. ]lis invectives were in exact proportion to his avoidance of argument, and, while he lavishiy imputed motives, he kept clear of the rights and actualities of the question. No magician eier showed such address in shuffling to and fro, inu nunmaging about his apparatus, and interposing add remarks, while the spectators are trying to utch the sleight by which his marvels are effected. Investing al the personages with : dramatic character, he described Lords COWLEY and CLAREiNON as trucl-ers and novices; WAzwsm as designing, and OBILOFF lying in .mbush waitng for his prey; Arerica captious and terrible in the background, and Lord PAu- ERsTosr rash, simple, and unsuspecting at home. The statesmnen of former days were conjured into the scene to confound us with a policy which has .(Dg boinc its fruits and a wisdom wvhich they are 1'c longer able to apply. But, as he did not ventine to tell us what ought to have been done, or whether anything ought to have been done, we are 'eft to supply ouiselves the suippressed member of bis argument. Had the obnoxious declaration not I;een made, maritime law would have remained as it was. It wvould have rema'ned what it was before the war. The Order in Coumcil waiving our alleged riglht of capturing an enPmy's goods on board neutral ships only applied to the late war, and Lord DERBr himself puts the justification of that order on the difference of opinion between us and otur principal ally, and the confusion that must have resuilted from it. Condemning, then, in the most unqualified way, what has now been done, and suggesting no othler course, in effect he maintains that no alteration should have been made; that on this point we ought to have gone back to otur former position; and that in not doing so HEr MAJESTY'S TMinisters have done violence to the British Constitution, truckled to foreign Governments, throwvn away the peculiar strength of our country, degraded her to a third-rate Power, and exposed her to serious danger in the event of a war. Sucll being Lord DEBBY'S opinion, expressed in the most solemn way by a division in the HEouse of Lords, we have to look at the working of that opinion and the result of having his Lordship at the helm of affairs at this crisis,always, of coursQ, supposing that his Lordship would have acted in power as he has spoken in Opposition. The question supposes the event of a war, and Lord DERBY himself has assisted the supposition by describing Russia, France, and America as inspired vith a common jealousy of our maritime pretensions, and wvatching for an opportunity to see theni lowered; but, after all, in no way mollified by their sturrender. We have, then, only to follow his Lordslhip in supposing a war with any one of these naturally inimnical and irritable Powers, and, to make that supposition still more agreeable to Lord DERBY, let us be singlehanded -let us have no ally. In this case there would no longer be the only reason his Lorclship approves for waiving the alleged right. We should be quite unfettered. WVe shouldmake ouir maritime law ourselves, and have to maintain it against the whole world. 'What follows? Wherever our slips could go and do go over the whole world, as we would maintain oiur right and as wve woould escape Conservative cens-ures, we should be bound in self-consistency to stop every ship on the wide sea. Every ship might be carrying the property of Russian, or French, or American merchants; so we should claim the right to bring to every ship, to detain, to board, to examaine, to ransack her papers, to turn out her cargo, to carry her into port three thousand miles out of her course, to keep her there for such examination as might satisfy us, and let her go, after months of detention and thousands of pounds of loss, without either compensation or apology. It is the right to do' this the maintenance of which Lord DEBY and his hundred Peers proclaim to be of essential importance, and its abandonment of serious injury to England. It is more than our right, it is our dutFy to do this; for rights, till they are repuliated, are duties, and cannot be laid by and re;umed at discretion. The only waiving of our right bhat is possible,-the only kind, indeed, that Lord DERBY himself alludes to, is such as we might make with any one friendly Power, and which he very justly considers to resewve, and therefore Dffirm, olUr right as concerns the rest of the world. He would have us enter on the next war-necessarily, as he points out, from the position of this country, a maritime war-with this right waived, perhaps, by treaty with this or that State, but -enerally affirmed. The world, however, it is evilent, would not allow us to play fast and loose aith all manlind they would not, that is to say, illow 1s to let the right sleep for years, and then sudlenly stop vessels, any one or all,anywhere or everywhere, upon the high seas, in the way we have described, in virtue of a right claimed merely in our law books. WYe should be obEged to assert the righlt Dr to abandon it, and the decision would have to be made in the midst of war, in all probability when we were already in the thick of innumerable disputes about ships that had been stopped and property that had been captured. But the immensity of the area over which the right would have to be vigorously and effectually asserted,-for in these days whatever is done must be done actually,the number of Powers concerned, and the vast increase of the commercial marine upon which the right wouLld have to be enforced, are only a part, and a small part, of the difficulties int;o which Lord DEBY would have plunged us. The comm-erce of the world is so much one whole, the interests so complicated, the very crews so mixed; and the forms so similar, that it would inever be possible to ascertain the ownership of property if any pains had been taken to conceal or mystify it. Even in the war concluded forty years ago, as Dr. LuIisGToT says, it was ascertained that one Dutch merchant covered with his name nearly two millions' worth of "enxmy's" goods captured by our ships. But evervbody at all conversant with trade must know that in these days not only are the facilities for such evasions much greater, but it is often a matter of difficulty to find the real ownership even when there is no attempt at evasion. Of course, it is not pretended that the work is complete, and that maritime law is removed from the possibility of dispute. But that is not the question between Lord DERBY and HER M$rxSTy's Government. What he says is, that the right in question ought to have been maintained as against all the world, and that in that state we ought to have awaited the arrival of another sucli war as that happily at an end. There is not a flag on the ocean that we should not have had to insult, and perhaps array against us. In these days the tracks of conmmerce are so wide and circuitous that we should have to spread our net round the ocean to intercept the wandering property of the foe. And what are the reasons assigned for this enormous enterprise and unbounded pretension? First, a legal reason. " Tbe " most eminent jurists of all ages have accepted "as a principle of international law that the "right of capturing an enemy's goods on board "of neutral vessels is inherent in all belli"gerent Powers." It could not be, however, till the last century that thesejurists could contemplate the case of a right which extended to paralyzing the whole maritime trade of the world ; which became a ruinouis interference with any one of ten thousand vcssels scattered over half a dozen great oceans, and which no Power could effectually exert without embroiing itself with all the nations of the earth. Nor could they contemplate such a commerce as that which now exists, when, as we have said, it is scarcely possible to say who is the oviner of the property in mid seas. The Provencal authors of the first maritinme code quoted in support of our right little thouglht of a day when two worlds would wage war across the Atlantic, or the West of Europe send fleets to the Euxine, the Baltic, the Arctic, and the Pacific Ocean, to bring the Cz-s of Muscovy to reason. The second reason is a phy- sical one. " The maintenance of this right is of "' essential importance, and its abandonment of Cserious injury to a Power whose main reliance is "on her naval superiority." That is because, impracticable as the right is, England can do more towards enforcing it than any other Power, and therefore should not give up this natural speciality. This brings it at once to a question of capability. We are more able to stop every ship on the ocean, search its cargo, and capture it, than any other Power. Therefore we are to retain a weapon wbich no other hand can use so well. But it is only a question of more or less incapacity, for, if other nations can do less than we can, and others not at all, neither can we do it satisfactorily or effectually to any purpose. Grant, for instance, that, finding it impossible to blockade the whole coast of France, we turned our attention to her property on the sea, and found a stream of ships, under the stripes and stars, laden with cotton, sugar, coffee, and tea, for Havre and other ports of France. This is about as simple a case of commerce as could be imagined; and yet all our courts vould never lhe able to decide whether the cotton was the property of French or.of American merchants. The capacity of carrying on war in this fashion has ceased. Instead of retaining the right because others are less capable of it than we are, we nmust abandon it because we are all incapable of it. The mere attempt would cost us a nillion for every tithe of that damage we may do to a foe. The whole proceeding would be an outrage upon the free spirit of commerce; That is the true reason why the more commercial House of the Legislature never offered an objection, or even listened to a speech, against the act of our Plenipotentiaries. It was not, as Lord DiBBy insinuates, from any consideration of " pelf ;" it is because the Rouse of Commons feels that the ocean has been emancipated, not only fiom thoe g,asp of monopoly, but also from the ravages of war.
Among the signs of the times in modern Europe is the new addiction of Frenchmen to commercial pursuits, and the arts by which wealth is acquired. Within the last few years, France was behind even her continental neighbours in all that relates to material enterprise. True, the skill of her manufacturers and the taste of her designers gave her the supremacy in some fields of production. The siMls of Lyons, the furniture and jewelry of Paris, commanded the highest prices all over Europe and America. The capital was further enriched by the crowds which flocked from all sides to its gay streets, its cafes, and theatres. But France was still a country which served and attracted the rich only, and it is found that the rich of every land hold but a very small portion of its aggregate wealth. France, in spite of artistic genius, lagged behind. Her designers produced a pattern, and England copied it on some cheap material and inundated the world. France discovered a scientific principle, and in London or New York it was developed into some twenty inventions, and transformed into wealth, credit, and national power. Germans and Belgians saw our railways, admired them, and covered their coiwtries -with a netw-ork of lines, while French diligences continued to rumble along their interminable straight postroads with their two rows of poplars. All Europe had the electric telegraph before France wouald consent to abandon the old semaphores, which had brought to Paris the tidings of victories half a century ago. But, if it is difficult to know an individual thoroughly, it is more hopeless to dogiiatize on the character of nations. Everybody thought the great fault of the Frenchman to be that he was a timid trader, content with small gains, afraid to trust his capital out of his hands, wanting speedy returns from a limited home trade, looking on a twelvemonth as an eternity, and on Australia or China as realms of another planet. How changed all this is now any one acquainted with the bourgeois of the present day will say. There is hardly a waiter at an hotel who has not his little venture, or a workman of the Quartier St. Antoine who does not take an interest in the fluctuations of the BoLuse. WTar excites little enthusiasm, and victorious generals are received with a listless look, for Paris is industrial, speculative, intent on railways, mines, and Government stock, far more even than the traditional metropolis of commercial Europe. Certainly this new impuLse in its fullest development is to be found in the Society of Credit MIobilier, the report of which we published as an advertisement a few days since. The document is written in a style which Englishmen are not much accustomed to connect with a commercial report. Patriotism, philanthropy, aspirations for universal peace, and predictions of coming civilisation, are mixed up with a recital of the Society's transactions and the statements of profit and loss. But what we wish to call attention to is the nature of this Society, the grandeur of its conceptions, the extensiveness of its dealings, and the relation in which it stands to the State and to foreign countries. Three years ago the SocieM Gafu4ratlc de Credit Mobilier was established, with a capital of 60,000,000f. It has up to the end of 1855 realized a net profit of 28,000,000f., or more than 42 per cent. There is nothing, therefore, to be complained of on the score of success. The operations of the Society, whvich extend to every kind of securities which come under the title " Mobilier," have been conducted with extraordinary skill, if the immediate results are to be taken as proof. Let us now see what are the past achievements and the future plans of its administration. A company with 2,000,0001. sterling of capital is a very ordinary thing in this country; it may therefore be interesting to learn what such an association can in a neighbouring cointry endeavour to effect. The " Board of Administra" tion' tells the shareholders, that last year it hadl warned them "not to expect the immediate execu" tion of the programme in every point," and that "the accomplishment of each part of that programme " would probably require several years of perse" verance and effort." The reasonableness of this declaration will, we think, be evident when we give the " analysis of the operations of the year " 1855." The 1Board begins by saying that the most important financial operation in whichit had been called to take part was the issue of the last French loan, the capital of which amounted to 780,000,000 francs. Before the tinme for opening the lists the Cr6dit Mobilier was able "to present to the Minister of Finance the "largest subscription ever made byr a credit "establishment." This subscription was for no. less a sum than 250,000,000f., a third of the entire loan. The Board had resolved to supportthe " cause of civilisation maintained at the same " time in the Baltic and on the shores of the. "C Crimea-;" it " concurred in the views of the "Government," and "congratulates itself in "having anticipated the loud expression of the "national feeling." In a few days the Credit Mobilier added a second subscription on its own account, or on that of England and the German States, of 375,000,000 francs, malking a total of 625,000,000 francs, or 25,000,OOOZ. sterling. Of this large sumn the Society was allotted only a small fraction, which, however, it has since increased by recent purchases. Now we come to. industrial undertakings. The Society became associated with the Western Railway, formed by the amalgamation of a number of lines, and has been the purchaser of bonds representing together 18,000,000 francs. It likewise effected the sale of bonds amounting to 28,000,000 francs for the Company of the Southern Railways. It has made payments for the shareholders of the Western Company for the construction of several new lines. It has madle -imilar advances to the shareholders of the Eastern Company and the Southern Railways Company. In fact, the Society has had transactions with the majority of the lines now existing in F7rance. .B3yond t'e French frontier it has undertaken the issue of the loan contracted by the " Austrian " Association for the Railways of the State," representing a value of 82,500,000f. " Such, gen" tiemen," says the Board, "are the chieffinancial "operations effected by our Association during the "yearl855. Wenowproceed to speak toyou of mer- cantile undertakings in the organization of which "we have co-operated." Then come details concerning Austrian railways, the St. Rambert and Grenoble Company, the Ardennes Company. Then "we have demanded the concession of a line from "Paris and Soissons and Rheims, and the pro" longation of that line to Belgium." Next come the Pyrenean Railways, the formation of roads in the south-west, the draining and planting of the Landes. Then are mentioned the Swiss Central and Western. Next the Society turns to Spain, where it has been concerned in "a con" siderable operation-tlhe canalization of theEbro " from Saragossa to the sea." Next we have two domestic enterprises, the Paris Ominibus Company -and the General aritime Company. The latter has already more than 60 steamers and sailing ships. Transatlantic lines are to be formed, "destined to furnish a regular communication "between our principal ports and the most com"mercial centres of North and South America." The Society has also carried out an amalgamation of all the gas companies of Paris, which will by a cheap supply cause the consumption in the F'rench capital to equal that of London. An amalgamation of all the principal salt-works in France is also contemplated; but the matter is at present only in a " provisional form." Such are the operations completed or in progress, but the " Board of Administration" gives an indication of its future plans. " Freed from the anxieties " and expenses of war, France, under an august " influence, will give a successful and fertile initia" tive to the world." The following, then, is the programme of national industry :-The East is to he more closely connected with French civilization, and its ancient prosperity restored. Communication more rapid and less expensive is to be opened for both hemispheres. The possessions which -French bravery has conquered in Africa are to be utilized; new regions are to be appropriated to French requirements by the development of the navy; at home agriculture is to be fertilized by a closer alliance with commerce and manufactures; capital is to be multiplied by association; and, lastly, "the benefits of credit extended by a "successful and wise application of the fruitful "principle of mutuality to all professions." The Society then promises to national industry "a co-operation direct or indirect for all great "undertakings." Such are the achievements, past or promised, of a French Company with an original capital of 2,000,0001. sterling. Now, that the principle of as2ociation may be largely extended we make no doubt. The ease and rapidity with which, under the French law, small capitals may be united and applied to great undertakings surpasses anything of which we have a conception in this country. But it may be well to consider whether any body of men, such as compose the "Boardof Administration," can carryonwith success undertaldngs in France and England, Germany and Spain, manage railways, canals, omnibuses, gas companies, salt-works, steampacket lines, aid in the development of the East, the settlement of Algeria, the colonization of the Pacific, and the intercommunication of the two worlds, at the same time that they are subscribing for war loans and supplying the people of the capital w%ith cheap bread. The Boardtells its shareholders, " CongratulateyourCC selves, gentlemen, and be proud of a co-operation "whichhasproducedsuchresults." But tliscountry, which has had for many years experience both of co-operation and competition, will, we think, retain its opinion that both have their merits, and that enterprises are safest which confine themselves to a single object, even though suell a limitation be an expression of that " spirit " of insulation" against which the Credit Mobilier protests.
Still, as of old, we recur to the problem-what is the quickest route to the Indies? Hitherto the problem has been rather barren of direct results, and has so far resembled inquiries into the philosopher's stone and into the secret of perpetual motion that the advantages derived from its attempted solution have been almost entirely collateral. The object has been unattained, but the endeavour to attain it has led to many important discoveries and to many noble histories; and- now that there are no more Americas to be discovered, and no more horrors of the North-West Passage to be endured, we come to test the problem once more on its own merits, and see whether, after all, *with our increased facilities of travelling, it may not be possible to solve it successfully. But it must be confessed that the scheme of Mr. MAcDONALD STErHEr.qsos, if it be the wrandest which has yet been proposed, is also surrounded wvith difficulties that at first sight appear to be little less insuperable than the great continent which stayed the progress of Coavrnmus orthe mightyicebergsthatblocked the ships of English navigators. Mr.. SrTrpEoN proposes a railroad from London to Calcutta direct, without any interraption, save at the Straits of Dover and the Bosphorus, tlle distance being accomplished in about a week. This is the ultimate development of the scheme, which he undertakes to execute within 10 years; but in its 1 simplest form it resolves itself into the completion of the European railways to Constantinople, and the jmaldng of a railroad from Scutari to Bussora, at the head of the Persian Gulf. If even in this form the difficulties of the enterprise seem to be almost insurmountable, still the name of- the gentleman who has suggested it, identified as he is wvith the successful inauguration of East Indian railways under most adverse circumstances, is entitled to consideration, and perhaps the obstacles may turn out not so great as at first sight they appear to be. From a table published in the last number of the Calcutta RBeiews we learn that about 1,000 miles of railroad have yet to be completed before the direct line to the Bosphorus can be traversed. Half of this distance is in Turkey, and extends from Belgrade to Constantinople. Sooner or later these highways will probably be formed, and especially now that the Government of the PoxtrT has been introduced into the European system. The principal difficulties, however, are not in Europe at all; they begin on the other side of the Bosphorus, in traversing the 1,300 miles that separate Scutari from the Persian Gulf; and if the railways are extended from the head of the Gulf through Persia and Beloochistan, 1,100 miles further, to the Indus, the engineering and commercial difficulties that previously encounter the undertaking are not only vastly increased, but there are superadded political hostilities and national barbarisms which are even more effectual barriers. than chains of mountains or deserts- of sand. These, too, it may be possible to overcome by good management in the end; buit in the mear:'time the point of practical importance is to rea:ch Bussora by rail. The route indicated is frmn Scutari to Islmid, the great watering-place-_'the Brighton of the Constantinopolitans; thev:ce, by the valley of tho t5akarhti river, to SOvtI-hissar, and so on to AX-serai and the Kurin MIountains. Emerging from one of the mountain passes, the line would come upon the head of the Euphrates, and would proceed by the valley of this river to the Persian Gulf, p.ssing to the west of the Sinjar hills, anad on by Bagda,d to Bussora. Thus far the merely engineering difficulties do not appear to be important, and for one half of the route, during which the road would traverse the valley of the Euphrates, materials could easily be conveyed to all points of it by the river. There can be little doubt as,to the possibility of constructing the line; a surveyor has actually been sent to Bussora to take flying levels, and the public wiU soon learn the result of his examination of the country. The great question is-will the line, if ever constructed, pay ? That wiU of course depend upon the management of it. After our experience of English railways one is not tempted to be over-sanguine as to success; and yet that the line ought to pay handsomely, although its principal source of income mnst be the traffic and passengers betweenthe ex.- treme termini, and not of the intermediate stations, the profits of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Company 'would seem to show. It is true that this, like other great steam companies, receives large subsidies from the Government, but the railway company would be entitled to similar favour ; and, starting with the assumption that a railway can be constructed in these regions at the rate of 10,0001. a-mile, it is easy to estimate the probable outlay and the requisite returns. Broached many years ago by Mr. STExersox, the scheme is again brought before the public at a happy moment; for it is not simply a commercial undertaking-it involves an internatioYmI agreement. The question is not simply, how shall we get most quickly to India ? how shall the Indian trade be best fostered? how shall English interests be best secured? These are indeed important points, and it is pleasant to be told that if this measure be carried into effect we 'shall be able to proceed, as M.r. STEPHmiSOx declares, "from London to and from all parts of India "within a period of one week, and at a cost of "less than half what is now paid for a six weeks' "or four months' passage." But we alone are not concerned. France is concerned; for it has the port of Marseilles to maintain, and in giving its adhesion to this scheme it must consider whether the increased traffic by Calais and Boulogne will compensate for the diminished traffic by MIarseilles. Belgium is concerned, for through Ostend it has everything to gain. Austria and some of the German States are also interested inthe question, for they, too, have everything to gain in a commercial point of view from the change. But of the continental States Turkey is the one that will benefit most, and the establishment of a line of railway from Belgrade to Constantinople, and thence to Bussora, would be a fitting sequel to the Treaty of Paris. Duties onerous enough have devolved upon the Western Powers in relation to Turkey, and it seems to be generally recognized that only by bringing the decayed Ottoman civilization into closer contact with the life and science and commerce of the West can we reasonably hope to avert its final fall. And now that peace has once again dawned upon the world, and we are stiUl thinking of the armaments which it will be necessary to maintain in order to be prepared for renewed hostilities, let us say that while armies are not to be entirely disbanded nor forts entirely dismantled, yet among the most effectual of military resources is that commerce which supplies the sinews of war, and that as a mere question of strategy lines of railway may prove to be a more successful- and not less farsighted defence than the lines of Torres Vedras themselves.
Lord RABELAGH'S proposal for expelling from the Carlton Club certain of its members who support the present Government has appropriately ended in a little smoke. The motion was withdrawn, the leaders of the so-called Conservative party themselves regarding it as illtimed and inexpedient. It was, indeed, in every way unfortunate, and if Lord RAxa&zLAWs theory of membership were carried into effect the Club would be reduced to the level of one of those nonsense clubs of the last century in which the title to membership depended on some whimsical distinction, as the loss of a leg or the ability to put out a candle -with a chamnpagne cork. How any man in his senses could suppose for a moment that it is possible to apply an arbitrary test of Conservatism in the present flux and reflux of parties we are at a loss to understand. If it couldl be applied to-day, it would fail, perhaps not very soon; but, at all events, whenever Lord DERBY being called to power should findit necessary to recruit his strength by an alliance with his political opponents. The whole scheme, however, was so impracticable and so sure to be negatived by a large majority that the latent good sense of the Tories prevailed, and in a timely retreat from the difficulties of the question they displayed the better part of valour.
COUBT OIRCURAR. OSBORNTE, MAx& 24. The Queen and Prince, accompanied by Prince Frederick Wllliam of Prussia, the Princess Royal, Princess Alice, and Prince Ernest of Leiningen, drove out yesterday afternoon in an open carriage and four. Prince Ernest of Leiningen arrived on a visit. The Baron de MoItke, Captain de Heinz, Lieutenant Baron de Schreckenetein, and Dr. Wegner, in attendance on Prince Frederick William of Prussia, arrived yesterday at | Osborne. This morning, being the anniversary of Her Majesty's birthday, the band of the Royal Marines played a selection of music on the Terrace, under the directioni of MIr. J. C. Earl, bandmaster, as follows Chorale. Selection-` EWalL a".Medeluhu 3farh-" Le Proph6te "Meyerbeer. Selection-s f1 Plauto Magico ".Mozart The band also attended during dinner, and performed the. following compositions:- overtnre-, Das Nachtlaern Gzanada" .. Xrentzer. Waltz-" Morien.' . Gu.gL Divertimento (from 3iluet) *- P'ropheteo Meyerbeer. Galop-" Malakhoff" .lauent. M,LAY 2:. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness Prince Albertk the Prince of WVales, Prineo Alfred, the Princess Royal, Princess Alice, and Princess HIelena attended Divine service at lahippmngham parish church this morning, which was performed by the Rtev. G. Prothero. His Royal Highness Prince Frederick William o' Prassia and Prince Ernest of Lciningen also attended the service. John Waring, Bolton; Joseph Perrons, Nottingham* and Stewart Fletcher, Manchester; delegates frouthe operative bleachers, on the subjeet oE the bill now in Parliamneat for limiting the hours of labour for women and children in hleachwvorks; had an interviewv with Viscount Palmerston on Saturday. The Defoutation was headed 'oy Mr. L Butt, M.P., and Lord (C4oderich, ?LP., accompanied by Mr. Sturgeon, barrister.
A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday afternoon at the Foreign-office, Downing-street. The Ministers present were Viscount Palnerston, the Lord Chancellor, E:arl Graville, the 3Marquis of Lansdowne, Earl of Han'owvby, Sir George Grey, Earl of Clarendon, Mr. SecretarynLabouchere, Lord Panmure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles fWood, the Right Hon. R. Yernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Right Hon. M. T. I Bifnes, and:the Duke of Argyll. The Council sat three hours.- The Archbishop of Armagh gave a grand banquet on Saturday, at his Grace's mansion, in Charles-street, St. James's, in celebration of Her Majesty's birthday, thehealth of the Archbishop of York not admitting of his custormary entertainment. Among the right rev. divines who were his Grace's guests were the Archbishop of Canterburv, the Bishops of Winchester, Chichester, Bath and Welfs, St. David's, Li,hfield, Lincoln, Bangor, Peterborough, St. Asap , Worcester, Ripon, Salisbury, Limerick, the Rev. Lord John Thynne, the Venerable Archdeacon Sinclair the Venerable Archdeacon Hall, the Rev. PredericliBIem feld, the Rev. klexsinder Iixini, kg,
LXTEST INTELLIGENCE I - qw_ , (BY SUBMlARl: A-D Bl,H T p .) PRUSSIA. We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Berlin correspondent :_ "BEF1LD, S--DAY, AT 2. "The Dowager Empress of Russia has just arrived, accompauied by the Grand Duke Michael, the King and Prince of Prussia, and proceeds at once to Potsdam. "The Emperor of Russia arrived at Warsaw on the 22dinst." We have received the following telegraphic de spatch from our Mar3eilles correspondent:- . "MARSEILLES, 31&v 25, U 20 Ajr. - "The Tabor, which left Constantinople on tho 15th inst. and the Crimea on the 13th, has arrived. "Her despatches were forwarded at 10 oclock last night. " The steamerFrance, andcthe transport Swiftsure, with troops from Kamiesch, have airived. "Accounts from Sebastopol of the 13th state that the Sardinian troops had embarked in English .vessels. " The embareation of English troops was slispended for the present. " The transport Resolute, with the 9th Regiment, had returned to Kamiesch."
NETW SOUTH WALES. We have received files of papers from Sydney to the 1st of March inclusive. We take the following from the Sydney Mforning feracd. of the 1st of March:- "The western escort arrived this morning with 1,644oz. 6 dwts. 22 grs. gold dust. This is more than the usual average. The increase no doubt arises from the new dig. gingsat the Ophir, which has beensold at the Tambaroora, Sofala, and Bathurst. "The advance in the exchange wilL cause a much larger guan+ity of gold to be forwarded to Svdney. Mdahy of ediggersare holdin- for higher rates. "' The market has been extremely dull, little offering, arLd scarcely any received bypostand private hands. The demand will be greater for shipment to England. "The report of gold having been discovered at New Caledonia is probably correct. I have little doubt that not only will it be found in large quantities there, but likewise at the Feejee Islands. During a residence in those islands, I saw inthe beds if the mountain creeks sand very similar to the black sand of the Ovens goldfields. I compared them on ny arrival in Sydney, and found avery trifing difference. "The quotations are without alteration. "Exchange, 3 oer cent. EYemi%in. Ovensand Ballarat .. ... O Oto4 0 6 Bendigo and other Fort Phillip diggrings. ... 319 0 to 319 G Bnclzland .. .. ..... 3 19 0 to 319 6 Mderoo and Adelong .3 17 6 to 3 18 0 Tambaroora ... ... 317 0 to 317 6 Sofal and Turon. ... ... 3 15 0 to 3 15 3 Braidwood. ... ... ... 3 1 0 to 3 15 3 Northern digg1g.3. ... ... 3 13 0 to 3 1S 0 Tiro,a.s FnaxDEaICI; ADONNELL, BuILion Broler. The western escort arrived yesterday at the Colonial Treasary with the following quantities df gold-dust:- "FromBathurst, 322oz. ldwt.; Sofala, 50oz. ldwt. 22gr.; Tambaroora, 450oz. Uldwt. 12gr. ; Avisford, 333oz. 17dwb. l2gr. ; Louisa Creek, 3Ioz. 15dwt. Total, 1,641oz. Gdwt 22gr.
USE OF WROUGHT IRON SHOT BY T.L- -ROSSIANS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIS. Sir,-I think it worth while to call public attention through 2Vie Times to a cicumstance connected with the Russian artillery, which, so far as I know, has not yet been noticed, and which seems worthy of investigation. A friend of niine had the misfortune to be hit by a 421b. shot fired from the Garden Battery, Sebastopol, on the 10th of June, 1855. He did not die of the -wound. Now , so few people bave been hit by a 421b.-shot and lived to tell it, that it is no wonder he felt a sort of interest in the ball, which was watched, at the time it struck him, to the earth bank, where it imbedded itself. :Ee had tne ball dug out and brought it home with him. On examining it, he found it to be not of cast, but vwrought iron, evidently recently made, and with the hammer-marlks still visible on its surface. Excited by this, he has since examinedotberRussiau cannon balls fired during the siege-among them one Glb. shot fired from one of the field-batteries, which played on our light cavalry, in that mad but memorable charge on the plain of Balaliava. He finds these, too, of wrought iron. They have been "swaged," as the smiths call it-that is, the heated iron has been moulded into the globular form in hollow cups of metal, but they have been formed by the hammer. Now I am told the use of wrought iron round-shotiscomparativelyunknownin our service. The cost of such shot is so much greater than that of cast shot, that one would think there must be some great advantages in the wrought iron ball to counterbalance the excess in costliness. I amr told there are such advantages. But at this moment, when we are collecting and sending home such abundance of Russian missiles, I would suggest that it would be worth the while of our Ordnance " bigwigs" to inquire-first, how far this use of wrought iron shot by the Russians was general during the siege, as evidenced by the balls themselves, and, if so, for what superiority of wroug,ht over cast iron, as a material for shot, the more expensive mode of [manufacture was adopted. I am S nir nlwrahdint servant CIVILAN.
THE GREAT TFWROUGHT-RON GV2. IUVERi?OOL, SATImDAY. The continued e:xperiments with Messrs. Horsf3als ita. mense wrought-iron gun, under the superintendence of Captain Vandeleur, of the Royel Gun Factory, Woolwich, were of the most important and interesting description. They comprised nine rounds, all with powder charges of 251b. The first round, with a ball weighing 282ib., was fired against a target (at a distance of 120 yards), composed of au iron plate, 3 feet 9 inches by 3 feet, and 4j inches in thickness of solid forged iron, being exactly sinilar to the plates which encase the floating batteries, and which are considered impregnable. The pLate was fixed against nine balks of timber, each balk strutted by strong planks, and the whole bnHred ina bank of sand. The plate where the ball struck was shattered to pieces, tho ball itself broken to fragments, and the timber behind splintered into chips. One fragment of the plate, weigling about 13 cwt., was carried 80 yards beyond the target; another, weighing more than 1 cwt., to a distance of Z%, yards, and one of the huge balks of timber was launched on end to the distance of 100 yards. The plate which formed this target, and which weighed up wards of a ton, was manufactured at the 3Iersey Worl_s ma less than seven hours, The remainder of the experimenta on Friday comprised the firing at a target, formed of a barrel surmounted by a flagstaff, and placed at a distance of 2,000yards. The first round aimed at this objectwas with a ball 2S21b. weight, and at an elevation of 6 1-3d degrees. The shot was in good line, but carried rather too far. The recoil was 2 ft. S in. The second round was at the same ele. vation, and with the same weight of ball. This went very close to the target, and the recoil was 2ft. 9 in. In the third round the ball fell rather short, but was very close to the target; recoil 2 ft. 3A in. In the fourth discharge the ball alighted within ayaidof the target- recoil, 2 ft. 1Ain. In the fSfth the ball fell 10 yards short,. and two yards to the left of the target; sixth, 10 yards over the target, and a littlo to the left; seventh, so near that to the range party the ball appeared to strikc the mar?k; eighth, apparently five yards short and a little to the left. The last discharge on Friday was at long range, at an elevation of 12W degrees, and it is estimated that the ball carried to the distince of about 5,000 yards. This concluded what Major Aitchesou,who was present, described as " the most sDlentdid practice which he had ever seen." The experimenf on this and the previous days wnre pro. nounced by the milit-try gentlemen present as eminently satisfactory. To-day (Saturday) the exj eriments were resumed, in the presence of an iiunnnse concourse of spectators, including the whole of Messrs. aorsfall'sworkmen (nearlyl,000), who had been granted. a holydaLy for the occasion, and conveyed in aspecial train at their employer's expense to the ground. 16 rounds were fired at the target, with comparatively light charges, and rather for the purpose of display and amusement than for serious test, the capabilities of the gun having been satisactorily demonstrated on Thursday before the gentlemen from the Ordnance DepartmeTnt, and again on Friday. One ofthesnost remarkable and gratifying features connected with the experiments, in a military as well as a scientific point of view, consists in the fact that, notwithstanding the nu.'nbcr and rapidity of the discharges, the gun presents not the slighltest score or muark froma the fricion of the cast-iron b,ilLs. The wind3ge, we were informed, too, by some of the military offricers preent, is very small, being onl-e abent I n OOths. instead of the ordiLnary 2-10ths.
PBOMOTIONS AND APPOIN1TMENTS. (From the Obscrrer.) We understand that Baron Talleyrand has been selected by the French Government as their Co3mnissioner to the l)anubian Principalities. BaronKoller, the A-ustrian Internuncio at Constantinople, is appointed by the Court of Vienna. General Fenton de Benagon is appointed on the part of Russia, and we learn with very great satisfaction that Sir Henry Lytton Bulwer has been selected as their Conunis. sioner by the British Govorment. This Special Commission is appointed to proceed to Bucharest, and to consult the population of these provinces as to their future constitution and government; for which purpose they will proceed to Bucharest. The 23d article of the Treaty runs as follows:- " The Sublime Porte engages to preserve to the said :Principalities an independent and national administration, as well as full liberty of worship, of legislation, of commerce, and of navigation. " The laws and statutes at present in force siall be revised. In order to establish a complete agreement in regard to such revision, a special commission-as to the compodsition of which the high contracting Powers will coane to an understanding among themselves-shall assemble, without delay, at Bucharest, together with a Commissioner from the Sublime Porte. " The business of this commission shall be to investigate the present state of the Principalities, and to propose bases for their future organization," The article of the treaty which follows the above secures for the inhabitants of the Principalities a voice in the settlement of their own form of Govenunent. It is as follows "His Majesty the Sultan promises to convokeimme. diately in each of the two provinces a Divan ad hoc, composed in such a mann,er as to represent most closely tho interests of all classes of society. These Divans shall bo called upon to express the wishes of the people in regardlto the definitive organization of the Principalities. "An instraction from the Congress shall regulate the relations between the commission and these Divans." V The Queen has appointed the Earl of Shaftesb to bo Lord-Lieutenant of the county of Dorset, in the room of the Earl of Digby, deceased. The Queen has appointed the 2Earl of Xintoul to be LordLieutenant of Kincardineshire, vice the Earl of Southesakwho has resigned. The Lord Chancellor has presented the Rev. E. P. South'wood to the rectory of Newhaven, in the diocess of Chichester.
. 71ErOPOLITA2N SCHOOL OF ARTS.-LOrd StauTey of Alderley, as President of the Board of Trade, distributed t.he prizes to the students of the Metropolitan.Schools of Art on Saturday last at Marlborough-house. In the conrsd of his observations he announced that it had been determined to hold in the year 1S5S an exhibition of those works of or.xnamental art produced since the establishment ofthe schools of art, as articles of conunmrce which, either in their original design, or inttheir entire or partial execution, have been carried out by those who have derived instruction from the schools. The works would consist of carvings- in all materials, furniture, metal working, pottery, &c. se also spoke of another and still more important measure Tor p~m romoting the extension of art instruction. Instead- of limiting the awiard of prizes to students taught. in the schools of art, the deDartnnent would hereafter hold examinations at wihich any person might present himself to be examined in free hand and mechanical drawing. IfEa certain standard of excellence were attained, then the Atndent would receive a prize, and the school vhere he was educated, if a poor school, would obtain an allowmnoe to trepay, as it were, the cost which had been incurred in teachindrawving. By degrees it was intended to extend this system to all p arts of the united kingdom; the rate orf extenLson being determined by the funds ehich Parliament might vote for the object.. R s Lordship declared that he thought it far better to give prizes to students educated without State assistance than Eimit the awarsd of them to those whe M ere directly or indirectly indebted to the Government for aid. THsE REV. G. C. GOB3iAst uAND.T BS}IOP .ON, FXETF-The Bishop of Exeter has issued a cousmuision under the Church Discipline Act to investigate the cha-ue of brawEng in church, preferred against the Raev. G. e. Gorham, vicar of Bampford Speke, by oue of hisparshoners. -Bristol Adrcrtiser. RoYAL COLLEGE OF SurGEOw S.-The following gentlemen, having andergone the necessary examinationsfor the diploma, were admitted members of the College at the meeting of the Court of Examiners on the 23d insL.- Messrs. John Winnall George, Ivy-house, Brixton-hill; John George Whitehead, Whitehaven- John l[ill Prodsham, Upper Bedford-place; John iewellyn, lNewport, Pembrokesbire; George Plettinger, Manchester; Leonard Groome, Thames Ditton; George TheophilusJepson,Hampton, Mfidalesex; Frederic}c Simms, Tonbradge-place, New roadl John Birch Wroe, Broughton, lManchester; Sydney Charles Courtney, teatberhead, Surrey, Arhur Johni Cribb, BishopsStoaif ord, Herts; Ben,iasin EphraisnXosely, Grosvenor-street, Fra;ncis Edmund nsti$e,Devies, Wilt. shira; Wilhian* Xobert Ashurst, Beaumaris, Anglesen j an,d
LAW REPORT. CO,URT OF CHANCERY, LOnwOi's-NN. MAY 24. BEIMLY V. HANCOCK. (Before the LOP.D C1FTAW(T.T AE T a's "us all anYpeaL motion to vary an order made in the chdam'bers of Vice-Chancellor Stuart. The short facts of therise-were that by a decree of this Court the defendant weorrdered to assign certain letters patent relating to the preparation and application of gutta percha to trustees tote held upon trust for the mutual benefit of the plaintiff and, defendant and certain other persons, in conformity fit- an agreement dated the 31st of May, 1845. It appeiaed that the patents in question might be made available for other substances than gutta percha, and the assignmnent, as settled in the Vice- Chancellor's chambers, reserved gene*ally the rights of Hancock in the patents dltra, those incl ed in the agreement, but did not in any way define them.- Mdr. 3LKuN;s and Mr. G(rTAD, for the motion, urged that the assignment ought to be limited expressly to those portions of the letters patent vhich related to gatta percha. Mr. B.coN- and Mr. STrsFE contended that the assignnent by reserving generally vwhatever rights Hancock possessed in the patents not included in the agreement was ms strict conformity wtith the decree. MTr. Simpson appeared for the other defendants. The LO~RD Ch5A-CELLOR said he -had no authority to declare what were the rights of Hancock in the patents; but the assignment ought to conform with the decree. 1N'ow, the decree stated that the letters patent as to certain substances, such as gutta percha, were within the agreement of 84.5, and ought 'to he assigned for the joint benefit of the parties to that agreement - but the decree did not conclusively pist any further interpretatiOn upon it, and therefore the tcourt could not now define what were the rights of Hancockinthepatents. At the same time Hancock was entitled to something more than what was in the assignment-namely,to a proviso to the effect that all his equitable rights in the said patents, excert as to those parts relating to gatta percha, were fully ra:served to him. Ordered accordingly. IAERISOX; v. GUEST. This part-heard appeal from a decree of Vice-Chancellor hindersley was reported in The lTimes last term. The object of the bill was to set aside a conveyanceof certain copysold property n ade by a person named Elunt, since deceased, to thedefendant, on the ground of fraud. The property wa.7>5 worth about 3001. beyond the amount it was then in ar.orrgage for, and the consideration to be gien by the defendant to Hunt, who appeared to be aged and inSirm, was support and maintenance luring the remainder of his life. Hunt only lived two snonths after the execution of the deed, and it was now songht to be set aside on the following grounds :-1st, that Hlunt had been fraudulently influenced to part with his property at an inadequate price* 2d, that he ad no professional assistance; and, 3d, that he did not actually get all he had bargained for. The question was one which entirely turned upon the evidence. The ViceChanicellor took the plaintift's view of the case; and made a decree setting aside the conveyance. From this decision the defendant appealed. Mr. Baily, Mr. Glasse, and Mr. Elderton were for the appellant; Mr. Swranston and Mr. Shapter supported tho decree. The LORD CIiNcELLrOR, after going through the affidanits, said he could not come to the conclusion that Hunt had been defrauded. He seemed, though aged, perfectly to have understood what he wvas about, and there was nothing of a fiduciary character existing between hin and the defendant to render it necessary that a solicitor should be employ ed on his behalf. As at present advised, therefore, he should reverse the decision of the Court beloww ithout costs, but -would not make the order final until he had looked through the judgment of the Vice-Chancellor. The case would Etand for next Saturday. (Before the LOscDS JUSTICES OF APPEALL.) LORD WVELLESLEY V. TUE EARL OF 3XORNLGTOX. This was a petition presented by the Countess of Mornington in the a ovenamed suit, praying that Mlr. Joseph Coverdale, the receiver appointed under an orderof the 8tl-of August, 184S, might he discharged and he directed to pass his accounts, and that he might be ordered to pay to the Hon. Richard Howard and Mr. Edward Harnage, the. trustees of an indenture of the 15th of December, 1834, any balance in his hands, and that those trustees might ba zet into possession and receipt of the rents and profits of the estates mentioned in the petition. The petition stated a deed of the 21st of June, 1834, made between the Earl (then Mr. Long Wellesley) and the Countess and Colonel Yatter-on, whereby the Earl covenantedi with Colonel Patterse-n well and effectuaUy to charge on freehold estates in England and WCales-, or by investment of a competent sutm of stock, or by the means in his power, an annity of 1,0001. a-year for the Countes-s during her life; th.at by deeds of lease and release, d.ated the 12th and 13th of December, 1834, and appointment of 10th of the same month the Earl's estates in the counties of Essex, Southampton, and Hertford were conveyed to Mr. Jobn Wright and Mr. John Greenley in fee siuple upon trus., by sale or mortgage, to raise 4G2,001. and pay certain stated encumbrances. There was a power of leashig given to the Earl and of granting building leases. That by a decree in the cause of "Wellesley v. Mornington," dated July, 1849, the agreement of 21st of June, 1834, was ordered to be specifically performed; but that on the 14th of November, 1850, 15,6991. 13s. Id. was due to her ladyship is respect of arrears of her an-nuity as found by the Master. That other proceeding took pIace, and on the 11th of June, 18.55, the new trustees were appointed. Mr. ROLT, in support of the petition, stated that inasmuch as the receiver was appointed on the ground that the old tustees had refused or declined or discontinued to act, and as new and unexceptionable trustees had been appointed, it was plain that there was no longer any necessity for the Teceiver to manage the estates. LordJusticeKsIGsT BetucE asked whether the petitioner intended to represent that the receiver did not fairly act between the parties. Mr. oay said that she did. She represented that the receiver did not hold an equal hand between the parties, and moreover that, if the expense were reduced, there would be a margin of receipts to meet the Large arrear of the annuity due to the Countess, so that she was very materially interested in the discharge of the receiver. The petitioner said that if the estates were managed by the trustees she would be paid her annuity, while, if managed by the receiver, she would be still kept without that provision which a decree of the Court has decided to be her due. The learned counsel made some observation on the Earl not facilitating the granting of building leases, whereupon, The Earl of Mornington, who occupied a seat appropriated to the bar, assured the Court that his only object was that the estates should be so managed as to be rendered most beneficial to al parties. He thought that if anyperson, whether receiver or trustee, were placed in a situation to control him, that person ought to consult him in the granting of the leases, for it was not decorous that the views of the Viscount, his son, who unfortunately was in a position of antagonism to hiim, should be conisidered in preference to his owvn. As a peer and a gentleman he wished the estates to be rendered as beneficialas possible to all parties who had claims upon them. Mr. ROLT said that the Countess was one of the parties so interested, and the Earl's animus towards her was shown by a passage in an affidavit he had made, in -which he said that no voluntary act of his should be done which would enable her to receive a single shiBing derived from the property which came to him from his late mother. After the argunent had proceeded for another hour and a half, The SOmCITOR-GEXER.AL offered that the solicitor of the Countess, Mr. Wickens, should have fuU and free access to all tle accounts, to take copies of them, and that the petition should stand over. This to be without the slightest preju(dice to the case brought before the Court on the present cecasion. Mlr. ROLT accepted the offer on those terms. The SOLICITOR-Gm;EsLu.-The petitioner shall see and copy aUl the accounts and every item of every account at her own costs. Mr. Freeling was with Mr. Rolt, Mr. Selwyn was with the Eolicitor-General, and 3Mr. Cairns appeared for the trustees; but did not propose to take any part in the discussion. At the conclusion of the case The Earl of Yornington addressed the Court, saying (as was so understood, for his Lordship was very indistinctly heard, although he sat next to the reporter) that the granting of the building leases of the Wanstead estates was supposed to be a mere fancy of his own, but that such was not the| case, baut, on the contrary, ever since the year 1823 he had been anxious for the improvement of that property, and as early as 1S44 he had received various letters fom comnpetent persons who represented the property as, if properly laid out, a mine of wealth. That the contracts had cost at least 5001., and would have been in operation but for the vexation and delay caused by these proceedings. That at least 1,00 houses would have been erected, and the brick fields -would have produced 1,5001. a-year,or more, each, and that there were full 1,000 of such fields. That the in-- terest- of Lord Wellesley and himself were identical That; regarding his son, every one who knew him (the Earl) must k-now that the observations made were wholly uncalled for, the Viscount being an affectionate son, and he (the Earl) a fond and indulgent father. T'hat, although many men might be of opinion that all his (the Earl's) acts rad not been proper towards his son, he declared before all men that he had made great sacrifices for that son-sacrifices which had interfered materially with his (the Earls) avocations. His Lordship conjured the Court not to deal vith the questions ranging from 1833 to 1855 in a manner piecenmeal, but to have himself and his son before it,id consider the whole question together-privately, perhaps, in the first instance, as in a dispute between father and son matters of a painful nature must necessarily arisez_ and thus -aut an end to a long and vexatious litigation. He (the- Earl) had attended here, thinking, perhaps, that the attacks -which had for seven years been made upon him in the newspapers would be repeated, so that he might have given an answer to them. He was greatly indebted to the Lords Justices for their courtesy and indulgence, and with that expression and an urgent request that they would act upon his former suggestion he left the case in their hands.
VICE-CHA2\CEIJORS' COURTS, ALtY 24. OLoNEY V. BATFS. tlcJo; c Yce-Mancellor Sir R. T. XiSDDEmSLvYAl I'ni case now came on upon the minutes, the only point being as to a sum of 2001., which bad been advanced by the testator in his lifetime to his son Thomas Olney, who had then given a memorandun on a receipt stamp to the effect that such sum should be liquidated out of any interest enich he should take under his father's will, in the form, in fac-, of an authority to the executors to deduct such sam. yt the cwill,Thomas Olney took an absolnte interest with bIh othe. and sicters, and this was the state of things when the mnemorandum was given; but tetbestto~r su qunt made 2a codicil whereby he cut dovwn such absoluto inferest to a life estate, without power of anticipating or disposfag of such interest, provided that in such event the xUoperty so given should go to the children of Thomas Olney. 'AG. GLA~sEs and MrV. GENszs, for TbI&omas Olney, argued that the circumstances having altered as to the interest of Tnoifiz Olney in the estate, between the date of the mnemorandum and the testator's death, by means of the codicil, which ct were in the testatox'a kaowledge, the debt was thereby discharged, the repayment being in effect a dispos. ing ofthe estate contrary to the cLause in the codiciL . Mr. Baily and Mr. Eopwood appeazxed for other parties. The VICELCkXCELLOR thonght that-Thomas Olney was not entitled to retain. the200., the debtuotbeing discharged by what took place. (Before Viec-Chancellor Sir W. P. WOOD.) His Honour having dispoeed of the list of petitions and ashort causes, the part-head cese of "lam3ge v. Biddulph,' -which occupied the whole of Friday, was again resumed.
I COU1RT OF OUE.NS BENCHS WESDnXSTMt. MAY 24. I X.ERNOT V. BAILEY AND AOTHER. (SittingS in Banco, bef C Justius= COxzRIDGE1, ERLE, I: and CROMPTNAr~ Mr. W. 31. Coos: moved for a rule to show cause why a mantdanmus should not issue to the judge of the county court of Somersetshire, held at Bath, commanding him to hear a plaint made before him. The plaintiff, Kernot, was a manufacturer at Bath, and he sued the defendants, wlio carried on business as patners at Bristol, to re. cover the price of certain goods sold ard delivered. The learned counsel now stated from his affidavit that the whole cause of action arose at Bath, but the Judge, being of a contrary opinion, and that a part of the cause of action arose in Bristol, he decided that, under the 60th section of the County Courts Act (9th and 10th Victoria, chap. 95), he had no jurisdiction, and nonsaited the plaintiff. The facts now brought before the Court showed that tlhe Judge bad jurisdiction, and as he had declined to exercise it by hearing the plaint, the learned counsel now applied for a mandam>us to compel him. Mr. Justice COLER}DnGB.-The Judge heard all the evideice offered by the plaintiffto show jurisdiction. Mr. Justice CRO3rTON.-You may now bringthe action w here the defendants resize. Mr. COOiE said the Judge had improperly declined jurisdiction, and ordered the plaintiff to pay a large sum for costs. - Mr. Justice COLrERGB said the facts did not disclose that the Judge declined jurisdiction which by law he was bound to exercise, The plaintiff had sought to make out that the cause of action arose within the jurisdiction, and produced all his evidence on that point5 but the Judge decided that it did not; and nonsuited the plaintiff. In that decision the Judge was right Mr. Justice EILnsaid asmandamus never went to a judicial officer to compel him to do his duty as Judge unless he refused to enter upon his duty. In this case he had not done so. The plamtiff, in order to entitle himself to judgment, in a case where the defendant lived out of the jurisdiction, vas hound to show that the cause of action arose w,ithin the jurisdiction, but the Judge was of opinion that it did not. The Judge had tried that question out, mid the Court could not now grant a mandsamus for hint to try that question. Mr. Justice CnonrToN said the Judge had tried whether the cause of action arose wvithin the jurisdiction, and his decision was conclusive. Rule refused. COOK V. BDAYNTOS. This was an action brought against the late collector of poor rates for the parish of Clrist Church, Spitalfields, to recover back the amount of certain poor-rates which the defendant had taken from the plaintiff after he had been, as alleged, dismissed from his office. At the trial, which took place before Mr. Justice Coleridge, at Gnildhall, at the sittings after last term, it appeared that the defendant was appointed by a select vestry constituted under a local act. This body was composed of certain elected vestrymen, the rector, churchwardcns, and overseers for the time being, and nll persons who had filled those offices or who had been admitted to pay fines for not serving. It was thus a body whose number fluctuated, hut at the time the defendant was dismissed the number was 80, and only 35 of that number attended the maeeting at wlich the dismissal took place. Of these, 16 voted in-favour of the dismissal, and 11 against it, the other S remaining neutraL By the act of Parliament it was enacted that the chirchwardens and overseers and select vestrymen " or,the major part of them" should appoint and dismiss the collector; and, under the circumstances above stated, the defendant's counsel contended-first, that the meeting was not properly constituted; and, secondly, that the 'resolution of dismissal was not carried by the majority of those present. He also I contended that the defendant had been dismLised without being heard in his defence. The plaintiff then obtained a verdict, but leave was given to the defendant to move this Court to enter a nonsuit. Mr. MACNAMMARA now moved accordingly, and contended on the authority of '"Blacket v. Blisard"~ (9, B. and C., 851), that where a definite body of a representative character had to exercise a public trust a majority must be present before they could act. At.preaent the bod}y in question consisted of 80 members. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE said the board did not consist of a definite number. It had also occurred to him that if the argument was correct, probably the board had never done a valid act. Mr. MACNiAM,ARA then mentioned the other pomns reserved, and also that the defendant had not received any notice of the charges before he attended the meeting at which he was dismissed. Mr. Justice CoLRRmIDE.-No leave was reserved on that point - that would go to a new trial. You may taie a rule. Rule sisi granted. BURNETT V. TnOMVSoN. - This was an action in which the plaintif, the vicar of Frome, sought to recover damages from the defendant, a silk manufacturer, in the same pIace, for a nuisance arising from smoke issuing from four chimneys on the defendant's factory. The defendant pleaded a user of more than 20 ,years in justification, and to this plea the plaintiff no*r assigned. At the trial, which took place before Mr. Serjeant Channel, at Taunton, at the last assizes for the county of Somerset, the jury found for the defendant as to one chimney, that he had used it for more than 20 years, but for the plaintiff as to the other chimneys. Leave was then given to the defendant to move this Court to enter the verdict in his favour on the second plea, and, a rule having been granted for that purpose, MIr. Serjeant KYN;GLAIC;E, Mr. 31L Suims, Q.C., and Mr. COLntmDGz now showved cause against the rule, and contended that, as the action was for a 'nuisance, the plain'tiff was still entitled to have the verdict on the second issue, although one part of the nuisance had been justified. The 'only cases in which the contrary had been held were actions of trespass, the present action being in case. Mr. SLADE supported the rule, and read a manuscript note of a decision in the Court of Exchequer, in the case of "Wood v. Ripley," which, he said, was precisely in ,point. t Mr. COLLIE followed on the same side, but was stopped by the Court. Mr. Justice CoLERiGE 3said he was of opinion that the 'verdict ought to be entered for the defendant on the second plea. It was conceded that that would be so if the action :had been in trespass; but he (Mr. Justice Coleridge) 'thought there was no distinction between that action and the present, which was an action on the case. The new riles, wmhich required a party who relied on an easement to plead it specially, made this action the same as an action of trespass. Injustice would be done if that were not so- buxt in gthis case there was no injustice, for the plaintiffwas entitled to a verdict for so much of the injury complained of as the defendant had not justified. The other Judges were of the same opinion. Rule absolute. SATURDAY HALF-E1OLYDAY. At a little before 2 o'clock Mr. WATSON, Q.C., rose and asked whether the Court would rise at 2 o'clock or not. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE said the Court had come to no such decision. ThE 29rsr oF ,uuy. Mr. Justice COLEBIDGE said he might as well now state that this Court would sit here on the 2'Jth of May. BAIL COURT. In consequence of Lord Campbell being still at the Central Criminal Court, and M1r. Justice Wightman having to go to chambers early, this Court did not sit to-day.
COURT OF COMION PLEAS. WVmrvm,r MAv 9A LONG V. ORBY AND rMAM. (Sittings in Banco, before Lord (Jidef Justice JERVIS, Mr. Justice WILuLums, and M3r. Justice WnIp}qA nir. Al. UrAMBER$, for the defendants, moved to reduce the damages by a sum of 221., the amount of the-plaintiff's bill of costs in an action of "Orsy v. Simpson." The plaintiff, an attorney, was employed by the defendants, who !are foreign agents, to sue on fve foreign hills of exchange in , their hands, as enddrsees, the instructions to sue being con- tained in a letter from the defendants, which enclosed copies of the bils, but not of the endorsements. The plaintiff issued a writ in the names of the present defendants against the acceptor, and after the defendant, obtainedara order for the inspection of the bills discovered that they had' no suecial endorsement, as required by the law of France. The'action was thereupon discontinued, and a fresh actionr brought in the names of the proper parties, and judgment wvas duly recovered against the acceptor. The present plaintiff then brought this action against his employers for his bill of costs incurred in the former actions, and'obtained a verdict at the sittings after last termat GuildhallforlV701., the full amount of his bill of costs. It was now urged that the sum of 221., which had been incurred in respect of the unsuccessful action on the bills of exchange, ought not to be' recovered, is it was the plaintiff's duty, as an attorney; to have seen the bills before issuing the writ in the action, and to have advised the present defendants that no action lay in their names. The COURT was of opinion that the question was well worthy of discussion, and therefore granted a rule nisi.
ADYMALTY COIRT. SATURDAY. M A 24. TITE PRitENA-cAT.7L.Tnvl- (Before Dr. LusmmTO.) The bark Blackfriar, bound from London to Madras with, a cargo of general merchandise, and the ship Runena, pro-, ceeding from Pisagna, on the coast of Peru, to Hamburg,with a cargo of copper bars, logwood, &c., came into collision with each other aboutIllp.m, on the 5th of April last, six miles from the South Foreland. The bark, of the burden of 623 tons, represented the direction of the wind to be S.S.W., and- allegedthat she was close hauled on the port tack, with a light hbuning brightly, suspended from the larboard bowsprit shroud, steering W. She descried the Rumnena, distant about half a-mile, a point on her port bow, whereupon she isnnediately ported her helm and exhibited the signal lantern over hef port bow; but the Rumena, instead of keeping clear of her, as she could easily have done, improperly starboarded her helm, and ran across the hawse of thebark, doing her considerable damage. The Rumnena, of the burden of 400 tons, according to her account, was on the starboard tack, heading. east bynorth, withthe wind south and by east, and discover. ing the light of the bark distant a quarter of a mile, two pomtg on her starboard bowv, with the view of keeping clear of her, and giving her more space to pass to windward, she starboardedherhelmand felloff until the barkwasfourpoints on herstarboard bow. The bark, instead of keeping her course, by which she would have pasewd cliar to 'wineward of the Rumena, suddenly ported her helm and ran into her. Cross actions were entered by the respective parties. Dr. Addams and Dr. Twiss appeared for the bark; Dr. Bayford and Dr. Spinks for the Rumnena. The ELisuR BnREriiR were of opinion that the Rumena did wrong in starboarding her heln. The COURT pronounced in favour of the hbark in both actions.
COURT OF BANBRUPTCY, Basi7h4ll:strAa May 24. IN RE JonN HISCOCy. (Before Mr. ComMmMoner FANE.1 The bankrupt was a boot and shoemaker, of Brook-street, Holborn, The hearing of his application for a certificate had been adjourned to this day, in order to institute inquiries respecting alleged concealments of property The ComMIssloYER said it appeared that the akrupt, having been in businiess 20-years, had called a meeting of his creditors, who required hun to pay a composition of 1Os. in the pound when he was only in a position to pay 7s. 6d. Bad the bankrapt then come to this Court he would have received a first-class certificate and been enabled to rzwme trade with credit. Instead of this, he undertook to pay the 10s. in thepound. Having paid 5-., and being unable to pay the remainder, hehad been influencedby temptation to represent that he had received 1951. from Mr. Rayton for the lease of his premises. That representation was now admitted to have been a pure fiction. There vere also a horse and cart, which had been sold for 3W., unaccounted for. He experienced some degree of regret at being obligedunder such circumstances to refuse the bankrupt a certificate altogether, and wished that Hayton, who had at first joined in the misrepresentation as to the lease, could he indicted for perjuy. Hayton was entirely without excuse. The bank-. rupt was not without temptation. Mr. DEaiNYoy, for the opposing creditor, said the Court would exiperience no regret at giving this judgment upon being more fully informed of the hankrpt's conduct. There w ere several other cases of conceahment of property. Mr. Charles Ballard, examined, said the bakrupt liad acted as his agent to sell goods on commission; and was now indebted to him 77L-the loss of which would be very nearly his ruin. Three or four days before the bankruptcy he had seen a lot of his goods in the bankrupt's slhop, but was hot allowed to have them back. After the bankruptcy he traced them to Mlr. Carey's, 'shoemaker, in East-street, Clerkenwell. Carey said he had bought two parcels of 121. and 241. and paid for them. He produeed the bankrupt's invoices, and refused to give up the goods. The bankrupUst bookscontained no entry-whatever in respect to-the W. Until these sales Carey had only been making purchases. at the rate of about 11. a-month from the bankrupt. Carey,.examiued, indignantly denied that he had ill-used Mr. Ballard in the matter. On the contrary, he affirmed most vociferously that " the poor fellow" (Ballard) " would have been that day without counsel but for him;" * The Co5sMissiosmt.-You had better conduct yourself properly. * Witness (in reply to further questions, and still more. -odiferously).-Paid the money ? To be sure I have paid the money! I paid it at once-down on the nail. ( laugh.) I could have paid the money for the purchase had it been loot- I The ConnuSSIoiwEs.-You will do well to conduct yourselfmore decorously; a committal for contempt of Court may bring younto your senses. Witness.-I beg your Eonour's pardon; when I answered the lastquestion had just lost my hat. (A laugh.) A Spectator.-Your hat has been found. The Coms3ussiOs,M.-And your senses? Witnes-.-Oh yes; I'm right now. - Mr. DENX}:Y.-Have vou sold the boots V Witne s.-No; I shoild have sold them long ago, but they were such a lot of cripples they would not go off. (Laughter). |- 3r. DENxEY.-In what form did you pay the bankrupt the money for them ? Witness.-In gold, and some silver. I never keep Y!. notes. 1 always turn a banknote into gold. I know that 7 qhe gold is all right. I only purchased at the rate of 1i. a month previously from the bankrupt, just to keep friends with bim. The CoAriinssio.NR.-Why prosecute the inquiry? The witness svears that he has paid the bankruptfor the goods. I The bankrupt, I am satisfied, has acted knavishly. I felt some comniscration for him before. I feel none now. He has acted fraudulently throughout. -. Mr. DxaNEY.-I am prepared to show that there are goods in the possession of various other persons. His HoxoCtR.-1The certificate is altogether refused, and I now e.xperience no regret at being obliged to pronounce * that judgment. Any creditor may have a judgment certificate who chooses to apply for one and put the bankrupt inprison. The punishment to himn will, I trust, deter others from following his example. He has richly deerved Certificate refused accordingly.
INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, May 24. IN ItE G. J. SCOTT. (Before Mr. Comwis7ioncr PEars.l This insolvent, the projector aid proprietor of the "first penny daily paper," whose cuse was 'before rejported in Thc Times, a peared for his final hearing. MIr Z[ER appeared for a creditor to complain of a vexratins defence, hut, being Luprepared with the necessary evidence, asked for a further adjournment. pMEr. MAC,RAs.tE, as colunsel for the iusolvent, resist-ed the Mir. Commissioner PHI LIPS refused to order any further postponement, and discharged the insolvent. - The learned Commissioner has adopted a very salutar rul6 not to sit later than 4 o'clock,-an arrngement likely to satisfy all persons having business in this court.
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, Saturday, May 24. (Bc,fore AfrJ'Asnaun,QO.4s6&ct,5Tndge, ctWcstrninlstcn.)1 Thomas Francis Richards, solicitor, was placed at the bar t to receive judgment. The AssmsTrANT-JuDnE observed that the prisoner was convicted at the last session of embezzling 261. 15s. 6d., the money of a solicitor, to whom, at the time the offence vras committed, he wasmanagingChanceryclerk. It appearedthat he received a 3001.-note for the purpose of paying a call with respect to a company whose affairs were being wound up; but, knowing that a cross claim against the: company of 261. Ios. 6d. was to be allowed out of the 3001., he took the note to the Bank of England, changed it, and then paid the call, less the sum which the Master had allowed. He did not account for the sum which was so allowed off the 3001.; there was no entry of it in the offlce books, and it seemed t.hat he went into the country and made use of it for his own purposes. The prisoner was a person of education and ability; he had but just entered the profession on his owvn account when this was discovered, and those were circumstances which aggravated the cass :against him, because an offence committed by a Person hi. was worse than if committed by a poor ana ignorant person. On the other hand, the Court looked at the excellent character he had received, the position he had lost just as he was starting in the profession, and the consequences likely to result from his conviction, and, having carefully considered the case, he (the Assistant-Judge) did not think it was one calling for any severe puE' ent The sentence was that he be kept to hard labour for eight ealendar months, dating from his conviction. *fr. Ballantine and Mr. Parry were in attendance for the prosecutor, but nothing was said as to the case, which wat left in the hands of the Court. Henry Mi'tchell, convicted on Thursday of obtaining money f-rom the Earl of Orkney, General Darbey, and Mr. B. Beady, by- faltsely representing himself as a corporal o' Sappers and Miners from the Crimea, was brought up and sentenced to 18 months' bard labour. George Carey was indicted for having stolen a porkpie, o' the value of 8d.,. the pioperty of George Eolt .hMr. Ribton appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Metcalfe for thi prisoner. The yrosecutor keeps a coffeehouse, in Bridge-court, Westminster, and the prisoner, it seemed, was an occasional customer. On the 10th of May he went in and ordered a cup of coffee, an egg, and bread and butter, and while the landlady was preparing this she saw him leave his seat, go to the window, lift up the curtain, and take out a pork pie 'and put it in his pocket, after which he quietly resumed his rent. She supplied him with what he had ordered, and then toidher husband what she had seen. He fetched a police- m-lan and charged the prisoner writh stealing the pie. Hre de- - nied that he had done so. Mrs Holt at'that moment saw it in his pocket, and told himn to stand up. HIe did so, and ' she took the pie out of his pockset- The prisoner then said - he wvould pay for it, and did not mean to steal it. He was given in charge, whe'n he told the- officer his right address, and that he was a junior clerk under the Bdard of Works, ;which proved- correct. A sum of money was found in his ipocket.- -The defence was -that the prisoner, w;ithout beingrabso- plmtdly out of his mind, was eccentric in manner and of weak - ,intelle'ct. That he took the pie there could be'no question; but it was urged that, instead of intendiagto steal it, he injtended to pay for it * and, in all human probability, would have done so before ho left, had not-a policeman been sent for. When confronted with the offEicer he foolishly denied that he had taken the pie, at the very moment of which !assertion it was actually seen in his pocl;et. It was acase of. absence of mind, and the prisoner would be about the last to commit such an offence deliberately and intentionally. A number of witnesses were then called on his behalf, the first of whom was the Rev. C. D). Dalton;- inicumbent of: HIigbgate, formerly of I.ambeth - and son-in-law' of the Bishop 'of Liondon. - He stated that he had know a the prisoner about eight years. Hoe was a regular attendant at ;church and teace af a-ls at the Sunday schbool He! used to think him of rather weak mind, ' but always found ,hinrimnest, good, and charitable. The other witnesses *er¾ chiefir of ficers of the late Commission of Sewers, now under the new Board of WVorks. The prisoner was a subordinate c lerk in the Rate-office, and had 80!. a-year. They said he was of weak intellect, and once lefthis home in a mysterioui ;maimer for - three' weeks, during which he wandered abou~ .2 'thetountry, sleeping in the fields. Ho would live upon a jkenny loaf and an -apple, and give his money away in cha ritj, chiefly in supporting rsgged- schools. About six weeks before this charge was made he received a notie' that his services would be dispenmsed with, and under tha 'new act he wou2d be entitled to a compensation. H- had been in the office about seven years, and had fra quently been intrusted with large sums Of money, which Km could have stolenbhad be been so minded, One of the wit-:'nesses said- be always considered him a man of high mora' ;character and of sincere religious principle, and that in the - last two months there bad been a mark-ed change in his ,maimer. Another said he had known the prisoner go with- oulthis own dinner of a Sundav to assist in distributing soup' to thopoor, and that his whofe life hadhbeen spent in doing - good in his humble way. The A sIsssvnrrjune, in summing up, said the question ithe jury bad to decide wras what intention had the urisonerwhen ho-tookthe pie from the window and put it in -hispocket; did be know what he was about and that he was taking that which did not belong to him, or was he acting honest2yand with the intention of paying for the article he - The jury to'inEd the prisoner* Guilty, but very strongly - ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ al _recomnmended him to mercy, on the ground of his previous character. The prisoner, in tears, declared that he did not intend to steal the pie; such an idea never entered his head. The ASSISTANT-JUDGE thought the jury could not have aTrived at any other conclusion, consistently with their duty, upon the evidence before them. They had strongly recommended the prisoner to mercy, and he should give great weight to that recommendation. At the rising of the Court the prisoner was brought up and sentenced to sis weeks mrsnet ihhr labocur. ha' p . with hard John George Edgar surrendered to an indictment charging hin with an indecent assault on Maria Cotton, a girl of 17 years. The grand jury ignored the first count of the indictment, and the defendant pleaded "Guilty" to two minor counts. Mlr. Parry was for the prosecution. A!L suggestion that the defendaut should make the prosecutrix some compensation was adoled. He having undertaken to pay her 20l;, the Court nned hino 2s., and he was NEW MAGISTRATES. T'he followng gentlemen have been placed in the commission of the peace for the county by the Lord Chancellor George Baker, Esq., 13, Princes-gate; Daniel Britten, Esq., 7, Hanover-terrace; John Carter, Esq. (Alderman), Corahfil; C. 1D. Gardiner, Esq., Tott-en'ham-park; H. HarwoodHarwood, Esq., Porchester-t-errace 1)D. G. Johnstone, Esq., 4,S6utli-st-teet, Grosvenor-square; J. G. Johnston, Esr1, 8, York-terrace, Regent's-park; R. W. Kennard, Esq., Theobalds, Waltham-cross; Richard Hartley Kennedy, Esq. (4lderman), .Resington-lod e, Ntting-hifl; SirBJohn Key, Jart., G-Urdhall; G. S. MIartin', 2seq., Old Bondstreiet ; IT. T. Miller, Esq'., .the Elmis Upe Tooting - Charles H. 3Mil, Es'q., ktigDdon; Sir eluggeridge' (Alderman), St. Andrew's-hill; J,ohn Norbury, Esq., Finisbury-,square; William Parker, Eq., Ware-park, Herts; F. T. arson -sq.. Porchester-terrace T. hebes, Esq., Uxbridge-; Ayshford Sandford, Esq., Thomas Scott, Esq., Halliford-nouse, Shepperton;Lieutenant-ColonelJ Scriven; W. Simpson, Esq., Artilery-place; B. H. Starey, Esq.; Higg,ate-rise; Clement T. Swanston, Esq, Twickenbam; B. Sift,Esq, MP Haton-arde- JJ. J'Tanner, Eslq., ' Upper Clapton; W. W. C. Thorabli Esq., Swakeleys, near IJxbrdge- Philip Terells, Esq., Stoke Newington; and Billingham O'B:yen Wolsey, Esq., Westbourne-
[Advertisement.1-Albert Smith's "tarchioness of Brin. villiers," thepoisoner of the 17th ceutury, is now eagerly sought after. Thecries o the Borgias, the Brinvillie. and otherelebrated crimi nals of the past stand forth in bold relief-in the catalogue ot gudt, proving that the "poisoned chalice" of the poet waa no fantstic dream; and history shows that such crboes have been at eertain periods of conunon occurrence. In the " Bfarchioness of BrinTiliers7 Albert-Smith has handled a delicate suLbject with a master hand, and the result is 3 most extraordinary and interesting book, for which anunparaJleled sale is inevitable. Price Is. d., or free by post for 23 stamps. London, George Routledge and Co., Farrinqdon-street. [Advertisement.].lave you that never-faling soure o£. entertinlment-an Aquarium 1 If so, purchase Dean and -Sn'S I. manual on the subject. Should you desire to have your dinners properly dressed and served, then purchase "Caokery Miade E for 1- Thiabaok not only tes7s your cook what to do, but how to do it. If youwish;ourhoso toloolk well andbeproperlyattended to `Prrtical Directions on the Choice, Treatment, and Management of Hores," by Mills, 3LV.O*S., isthebookyou-ought lotinbewitbout; Ls. HaTve you a garden, and like it to look well, and keep it so wvith littlo trouble? Then obtain W. DThSrnith!s -"Pacftiea Guide. to the Culture of the Garden ;" is.. post free, Is. 2d. London ; Dean and Son, publishers, Bible and stationery warehouse. 1,1 Ludgate-hilL (Advertisement.]---A Summier in Northemn Europe,"7 by FelinsBunbury, twovolsa,just published. ThisizaTerylivelyind sgreable book of travels, full of sketches ofl ntional c7bradrS, ndd descnptions of scenery given in a pleasing and entertaining style. -Te autbor, who isfavourably kno.nto the apublic, has previously greia us a narrative of her adventures in Siweden during atnorthemr winter. The present vork, however, does n(t restrict-us to one for rtwe are introduced to renes in Sweden, Norway, YInlIand,,-Gotfin, the Aland isles (of wbt7eh vc have all heard so ninuh) and many other places of interest. To aD sho wish for a gay and Aried pOnn rianaof northern life and scenery, and for a work ful or inforain ad entertainment. we reoommend these voluraes a amongomostheli and generally attractive travels that baT6 appea for. sqm?e Sun.
- POZLICEF- WORSmLP-STEIET.-Abraham Pallett and Joseph Pargiter, two constables of the G division, were placed before Mr. .EL.seIZL for re-examination on a charge of breaking into the premises of Mr. Franicis Frebout, a licensed victualler in Tabernacle-square, Finsbury, and robbing thenoL Anne Doherty, servant to the prosecutor, stated that on the barman, Eccles, leaving the hons'e at half-past 12 on the night of the robbery, he engaged to be back by 5 in the mooning, though he did not return till 7, and asked he-r to let him in and faistenthe dooraer him. Shaw as 3iot tH1 enough to fasten the top bolt, but did the Iower one, and asked him while outside to push the door, to see that it was secure; this ho did, but the door still held, and she was quite -ure that it was fastened. At half-past 4 the bell rang, and she got up, as she thought, to let in the barman, but, to her £rent surprise, found the place in possessiongf fourpoEicemen. A little sawvdust might certainly have got into the bolt-hole , so as to prevent the bcolt thoroughly descending, hut it would require very great strength to push the 'door open, aud a| great noise must follow. She never made such an arrangenent with the barman before that night.' Mrs. Aine Frebout, mother of the prosecutor, and who slept on the premises, deposea to examining the house oa the night in question and seeinr that aU was secure. The barman and servant went upstairs at the same time, as she thought, to bed, and she heard the rnan's bedroom door closed. Be was not allowed to sleep £ff the premiseS, and must have-gone downstairs again, and the girl as welL She was &alrmed by the ringingofthe belL and on getting downstairs found the place inthe greatest disorder, broken bottles lying on the iloor and counter, one with its neck broken off to save the trouble of uncorking it, and she missed both money and segars; the plaee appeared, in fact, to have been ransacked. On seeing the constables there, she conceluded that they had discovered the robbery, or she should certainly not have offered them any refreshment. i*ooke, 74 G, stated that on-going to the house he could find no marks indicating a forcible entry, but the bolt-hole was nearly full of sawdust and dirt., On the landlady coming down and declaring she had been robbed of money, segars, &c., he ordered PaUett to go to the station and explain to the inspector how he had 'found the door, but on the road to the station he noticed him to be -crumbling up something, and on the fragments of' this being looked to they turned out to be portions of a 'public-house cake. Rallett had been drinking freely, but was not very drunk. -On afterwards fetchingPargiter and telling hbim to -o to tho station he was followed, by his direction,' i two of icers, to see that he did not dropanything, and justbef6oe getting to the station witness heard something drop, and'found it was a bottle. HeaskedPargiter what he meant by that, and he asked him not tobe hard The boStle had con, The prosecutor, Mr. 'Trebout, depomt to examining the bolt after the prisoners had been sent to' the station, and finding it nearly full of dirt and sawbdust, arising from the wetness of the weather. He closed the door and pushed the bolt down, telling the police to push the door when he had done so, and when they did':s they' forced the door open. His belef was that the door was left insecure when the barman went out, but of course not intentionally. Mr. Lewis made an earnest appeal to: the magistrste on -behalf of argbter, who had nothing whatever tx do with the security of the house,, but had, beenocalled from the opposite side of the foad by Pallett;. 'lIe cointended that it was quinte manifest there could not'have been any intention to commit'a'robbery. rr. } ronnn thought all these renmarks had better be made be'.ore a jury. 'Mlfr Lewis hoped' to be able to point out such circoum stance as would render such a course unnecessary b ut Mr. HAESmILL said-No; he had, as he hadVbfore intimated, made up his mind to sendthe prisonersfor tral ; as, if what the girl and the baman said were true, there was in his opinion a clear case of burglary. -- . - Mr. Lewis then applied that his ciefit migtht be adinitted to bail, tendering good and resp6ntible tureties; but -the magistrate answered that in all such cases he invariably declined to accept bail; and both' prisoners were therefore committed for the c-ompletion of the depositions. CLEaniENNvELL.-The sittinkg lagistrate- requested our reporter to acknowledge the receipt of I.- from "C. G0.," for the poor woman named Gee, whwlas 'accidentaUjshot in the arm, and who had'thus'been disabledlrom worikinS for the support of heself, a sick hasband, and four siai childreun. TnA_Es-Henry Hawkeq a private belonging to the 44th Eegiment of Foot, aged'22, 2who was' in his 'uniform, and wore a medal -with' three clasps for services'in the Crimea, was brought before Mr..SEL1E on remand, charXged with cutting and wounding Thoimas Grimes,- a seaman, 'with-intent to murder r do, grievous- bodily -harmn and John Hawkes,his;broiher, agea2S,'niidlielongingto a.steamer lying 'in the river, was chargedwfith' aiding and abetting his nelativ, and with' viblently assaulting William Howland, a police-constable, No. 128 H. Mr. &EuiE observed that 'he'was' verv sorrY to, har of a' man who had'served his couixtr- "and 'wore an honourable distinctioth on his 'breast, charged vwith - such a serious offence. Hehadno alternativebbt to commit Henry Eawkes for trial for cutting apd:vwounding Grimes; and he sentenced John Eawkes to one month's imprisonment for assaulting the police-constable in the execution of his duty. . LumBETsL-Daniel Scott, a well-dressed person, with 3poustaches, was placed' at' the bar, before Mr. Y,IRDLEY, on a charge of picking the pocket of a lady-named Pewtress, ata-fancyfairhe din t e parkof Mr. Treadwell, a' Streatham, dn the day before. - -- Mr. Jon Thomas-Eminerson said tha.t on Tuesday'Iast lie travelled from Leek,' in Staffordshire,- in Lthe same carriage with the prisoner, 'andI' at' that time had a strong suspicion as to his character and the object for which le had attended Leek fair on the day before, but nothing particular occurred during the 'journey either to strengthen or remove that impression. On the day before he (witness) attended a fancy fairat Streatham, held for a charitable purpose, and there' recognized the pri$oner Immediately after such recognitionihe'distinctly saw the DrLsoner turn over the folds of a lady's dress, put his hand in the lady's pocket, and take somethilug out. He mntantly seized him, saying-"I thought you were'a thief, 4usd now I find you are so." The pris nor 'at the instant dropped a purse at the feet of the lady, and it was at once plaimed by MErs. P'ewtress as hers. ,' -- -M r. Nlenle, who attended for the prisoner, ackinowledged that the case w as one of such apointblank character against his' client that he felt' unable to contend against it, and should leave it in the hands of his worship to deal with it ander the late act. Mr; Y.AnDLEY said, he did not likle to dispose of the case without moewing something more of the, prisoner, and the constable having stated that a gold wate'h vwas found on him, and 'that other robberies had -been committed at the fancy fair, his worship remanded the prisoner to a future day. John Gale, alias Din Collis, and Mary Ann Collins, 'dashily-dressed persons, were brought up in custody, of Inspector Bent, of the Soith-Western Railway, and Butt, one of his officers, on a charge of picking pockets on 'the 'arival platform of the Waterloo Station. Themale prisoner was seen to take a purse from the pocklet of a lady on' the arrival of the Sonthampton train on the preceding evening, and when seized by Butt he struggled hard to get ixway1 and the wvoman made an unsuccessful effort to get the ~purse from him. The prisoner wvas then seen to throw the purse away, and, on its being recovered, it was identified by 'Mrs. tGoodyear, a nurse of the Free Hospital, as hers, and contained 4s. 6d. Mr. Bent requested a remand, as he had no doubt on a. future day of %eing able to produce evidence to show that they wFere practised thieves. Wvhen taken into custody they pretended to be perfect strangers, and the man refused to, give any address; but onmaking inquiries where the female' prisoner gave her address, it was found that they lived together. The remand, as requested, was granted. The prisoners, bothofwhom denied the chage, were then removed from the bar.
THIE STOPPAGE OF THE CRIOXHo WELL BAEx.- Jones's bank at Crick-howell stopped payment a few months agom, anda meeting gf the creditors has just been held to inrniircinto the afirs.of the bank-, r Jayne in the chair. !From statements then niade itappeared that the labilities to depositors amoiint to about 39,000?., and the assets zare set down at 10,000. to 12,0001. A hint 3was thrown out that if Mr. Jones was riot made a bankrupt a dividend of 5s. in the pound might be available;ino person, however, appeared ready on his behalf to guarantee this; and thegeneral oinion appearedtobe thatflatfimist be issaed. 3kiny of the de'positors had been under the: impression thatthe Brecon Bani-MIessrs. Willdns Zwere liable, -but .,r. } vans, viho-representbd that firm ate'd.ihat the Brecon Bank 'was not-responsiblefor.afaThing of Mr. Jones'sliabilities, and that the business done bv the two banks was of -the ordinary. trade character. On this a depositor produced. some notes issued by, Mr. Jones, with the insignia of the Brecon Bank upon thetm, and Mr. Evaiis, having examined thern, declared that theyhiAd been intended .for use between 1830 and 1840, and were printed with -the figures "183-," ' but that the " 3".had been erased, and a."*5 "inscrted in its st&i. so as to rendler.the bi'ls eligible for rise between 1850- and .lS60. A' storrngdiscussionU followed, but the meeting separated without pa'ssing any fiesolutions. 1N1DW GovmRN6x OF YrCIR,i&.-TZhe appointment of Sir Henry Barklyto bGbvernoiG of the colony of Victoria is as great a triumph to -the priniplea of colomzation Shich we have uniformly snpp,oted aS was the, ap poinftient of Sir William Holesworth to a seat in-the abinet. The selection, after the:offers which have been vainly made to other persons, is a practical confession that, in 6rder to find ut " the night mn," 'Governmbnt.bas been compelled to seek among those who havebeentraintedin. the study as well as practice -of colonial government. Sir Meng Barlil a 1a y birth and property connected with the We#t Indies - he vwas orriny yknovn te the public is a member of the Conservative party in the House of Coin mino, but he became 'more distingished for the firm support of. rational principles in colonial policy and. "responsible government" than for adhesion to coo,mon party dlisinctions. He wwas' sent over to' the colony of Bri Guisna at a time of its greatest difficulty. 'e reconciled factio,s in that small but troubled community; and lie socompletely acquired the confidence of all parties, that on his promotion to the more important colony of Jamaica they. took their leave of him with retreit. He is called to a third post -o'f difficultyatMelbourne, where he will find economical embarrassments and factious compecations aggravated, ' not as in Guiana by the poverty-of the colony, but by the' coincidence of great natural wealth 'with serious deranp ments. Some of the colonists have lately been demandmig the right,toappoint their own governor-a claim wwhichwas not- supported by the great bedy of the community, but which wasno more than the extreme expression of a feeling' universally diffused, that the mnan at the head of affairs ought to have the capacity and the traini'ng for a thiorough comprehension of£ the colony, its present diflculties, 'and bhe proper 'mode of exctrication> from these'dHiocnlties.Th colonists still desire ai governor from home, but lhe mnsatbe amin abole toworkth them assell as to led them. They could not have found a governor more in oonformity witli these conditions'than Sir Heni 7 Barl-ly; and there is another man available who would have been equally suted-by his studies, his training, and his temper.- i - -- -- . .
ROYAL NAVAL SHOOL, Nzw-cRoss--The annual meeting of the members of this corporation took place onSaturday last at the United Service Institution, Whitehall, 'Vice-Admiral Bowles, C.B., presiding, supported by Ad., inirals Sir Charles Ogle, Bart., Sir Edmund Lyons, Sir W. 0. Bell, H Meynel, W.: A. B. Hamilton, the osn. E. lEnox. Captamn Sir George Buck, Sir JohnLcddell, and other gentle~men. The chairman having briefly adverted to the progress and success of the school,Ithe teport was read. 'It. stated that during the year the council had increased the ccommnodation so as to -admit an additional number of pupils, of whom there are now 247; that the finances are in - a satisfactory condition, notwithstanding the pressure on - their resources caused by the high prices of provisions and all other necessaries; that the council have been enabled to add to their funded property, whic'hnowamnontsto 9S,66 ; they earnestly solicit the aid of the friends of tbe servico generally to assist them in the erection of the swimmingbath; which will cost about450L., of which amnountonly 300. has been subscribed, including contributions from Her most Gracious Majesty and his Royall ighness Prince Albert ; several of the former pupils have lost their lives during the' late war, among whom are Mr. Sydney Boxer (nephew of' Rear-Admiral Boxer), Mr. IL Lewis, and Lieutenant James: Murray, R.E., who fell before the Redan on the 18th of' June, and to whose career General- Sir Harry Jones and Colonel Gordon gave the most gratifying testimony. Several; of' the students had highly distinguished themselves in passing their examinations for the army, navy, and civil ser,ice. Captain Milne had placed at the dismosal 'of the council, irn Decemberlast, anaval cadetship, which had been awiarded to, BP. Ht. BParker, son of Commander Parker, of Greenwich' HEospital; and Sir CharlesWoodhad, in a manner mnosteoomplinentary to the school, appointed thc head master, -Dr. Chambers, one of the recent committee of inquiry relative to the education of naval cadets. The renort was adopted, and the meeting, having re-elected thl president and directors, after a vote of thanks to the chairman then separated. Rmm Cx oC-.-io-The followinrr is the report 'of an experiment made at Shoeburyness on NWednesday last, with Lawrence's compound shot, under the direction of Iieutenant-Colonel Mitchell, Ad., commanding, in the pre- sence of Mr. Muntz, MLP., and the inventor, Mr. J. Law-' rence. Weight of gun, 95 owt. (68-pounder); weight of shot, 781b. to 80Ib.; length of gun, 10 feet; bore of ditto, 6'41inches; grooves, three; tunof rifle, linS0. Charge. - Eevation. Range. 121b. .. Poiltblank . 6S7yards .Aergc of two Bbot 15h..b -. . 506 121b. 3 degrees tfi. , Averageofthroeebotls. 161b. .. 1- .. . 0 12b. 5 degrees . 2,503 ,, .. Averageofthreesbots. 161b. - .. 2,595 16tb. .. 10 degrees .. 4080 , .. Average of threce shots. 7Ke flight of these -projectiles was probably retarded by a. strong head wind. It will be seen, however, that the ranges are double those of a 681b. service sbot, the point-. blank range of which, for example, is, according to Sir Howard Douglas, under300 yards. Theiraccuracy.was'soa great that several were " in line," and this was :preserved.. after the first graze, the shots, when at rest, lying nearly iin a line. The time of flightfor2,595yards (elevation 5 degrees) - was seven seconds, for 4,080 yards (elevation 10 degrees). 13 seconds, extreme range, first graze (10 degrees elevation) 4,15 yards. The gnn was rifled at Woolwich Arsena uAder the direction of Colonel Wilmot, the amount of turn, -wbich,i8 unusally small, being sugestedby 'he inventor of-' the shot. -TAustDmtsToR3.-A very heavy thrnderstornn passed over the WestBiding of Yorkshire on Thursday. At: 13idford-moor the thuxider and lightning were fcarfal, and a man nasmed John Blakey, aged 6(, was strlck ilead by the: electric-fluid jut s he wvas coming out of the Whie -BearInn;. The Midland ailway was flooded in two orthi-ee. plce, and the traffic obstructed at Calverley-bridge. Seve-_ ral illages in lownsituations were .so temporarily i _a. datedL [Advertrsement.]-A-exlfiioitons of thc Seasonanad-the RoYaIPictnrsr-The "ArtiJourm, forJune,pie2r. t.es-rass 8lexort.of the exhibitions of the Royal AcadriYe 1.b .. Tbe}oa Pictures listhi s nnberBaie-Rstlae' "Viit Sothe tNsrD - and Herring's TlheQueen's Hoere." ThesngraVrngfrfl .rc.o 1s ,"Iteligiou consoling Justice," b,y J. i dwsrd It lso COl.,e arids n hfollowi ube:"BishAit, their-Stlyle ah&,^ Vaheg."iihutzated; " The trd goi beMiddIe Age3 " 2it Res.x L_! e-llns id; isal:e- Of Sbe RoPr Collectiesi;" "1fuitnhSfcu!i-,, tltrer ," ' Ykirte anti C;a, 25, PaDOtcrnsr'OWF..1J
NA VAL AND MILITABY INTELLIGENOE. The fleet at Spithead and in Portsmouth Harbour (comprising upwarls of 60 sail, exclusive of grnboat flotilla) dressed in colours on Saturday, and at noon fired a general Royal salute in honour of the Qaeen's birthday. Her Majesty gave the usual annual fete to the crews of the Royal squadron and othes on the estate at Osborne. ViceAdmiral Sir George Seymour, Major-General Breton, and Rear-Admiral Murartin went over in the steam yacht Firecuecn, Master Commander Paul, to pay their respects to Her Majesty on the occasion. Yesterday being the 10th anniversary of the birth of her Royal Highness the Princess Helena Anugusta Victoria, another grand general salute was fired by the fleet at 1 o'clock, and the Royal yachts hoisted masthead flags. Her Majesty's screw corvette Highflyer, 21, Captain Moore, C.B, arrived at Spithead on Saturday froin the Mediterranean; she brought a few men of the Royal Artillery, who were landed at the dockyard in the afternoon by the steam-tender Sprightly, Master Comniander George Alen. Her Majesty's ship Centaur, 6, paddle-frigate, Captain Clifford, C.B., was taken into the steaum basin at Portsmuonth for repairs on Friday. Her Majesty's ship .mphitrite, 25, Captain Burridge, is erdered to be paid od at Portsmouth, and has gone into harbour to be dismantled. Her Majesty's ship Gorgon, 6, paddle-sloop, Commander Towsey, returned to Spithead on Friday night, fronn the eastward, and went into Portsmouth harbour on Saturday, to replenish coals. Her Majesty's ship Despente, S, screw corvette, Commander Jackson, left Spithead for Malta yesterday, and the Conflict, S, Commander Coehran, will leave to-day for the sanie station. The Derwent, steam transport, No. 241, arrived at Spithead in the night of Friday, from the East, and left on Saturday for the Thames. The following ships were in harbour at Portsmouth, and at Smithad on Saturday --In harbour-Victory, 104, Captain the Hon. J. R. Drunmond, C.B., flag of ViceAdmiral Sir George Seymour, and bearing Coinmnodore the Hon. F. T. Pelham, C.B., Captain of the fleet; St. Vincent, 102, Captain G. A. Eliott, flag of Rear-Admiral Martin, Superintendent of the Dockyard; E:xcellent, gunnery ship, Captain Sir Thomas Maitland, C.B.; Blenheim, 60, Captain W. H. Hall, C.B.; Tribune 31, Captain H. Edgell ; Illustrious, 24, Captain Harris J Gorgon; G, Commander Tovsey; Lightning, 2, Lieutenant Campbel ; Rolla, 6, Lieutenant Fenwiclc; Sealark, 5, ideutenant Lowther; Kite, Mrercury, Princess Alice, Volcano, Sprightly, Fire Queen, Pigmy, Vivid, Fanny, Echo, Comet, and a flotiUa of gunboats. At Spithead.-Duke of Wellington, 1.31, Captain Caldwell, C.B., flag of Rear-Ad. niral the Hon. Sir R. S. Durias, E.C.B.; Cesar, 91, Captain Robb; LNile, 91, Captain Mundy; Algiers, 91, Captain Codrington, C.B.; Majestic, S1, Captain James Hope, C.B.; Sanspareil, 71, Captain A. C. Key, C.B.; Imperiense, 51, Captain R. B. Watson, C.B.; Arrogant, 476, Captain Lyster; Amphitrite, 25, Captain Burridge. Pearl, 21, Captain Sotheby; Highflyer, 21, Captain Moore, C.B.; Forth, 12, Captain Lord John Hay, C.E. ; Seahorse, 32, Captain Heath, C.B.; Eurotas, 12, Captain Moorsom, C.B.; Conflict, 8, Commander Cochran; Desperata, 8, CaptLin White; Falcon, 17, Commander Cam. pion; Prometheus, 6, Commander C. W. Hope; V4suvius, 0, Commander Hore; Coquette, 6, Commannder Risk; Lapwing, 6, Commander Saumarez; Ringdove, G, Commander Saulez; Intrepid, 0, Commander William Wood ; Victor, 6, Commander de Horsey: Pioneer, 6, Commander Mends; WSander, 6, Commander Luce; Flying Fish, 6, Commander Dew; Surprise, 6, Commander Vernon; and a flotilla of gunboats. In the steam basin:TheCentaur, 6, CaptainClifford, C.B., refittillg; Assarance, 6, Commander W. . Jones; Sparrowhawk, G, Commander Cresswell; Alacrity, 6, Commander Majendie; and three gunboats. In dock :-Bellerophon, 7S; Pylades, 2l; iErebus battery, Megera, troop ship; Fury, 6; and Iohawvk, 6, under repairs. In the steam basin:-Victor Emmanuel, 91; Shannon, 61; Fox, 42; Urgent, 6; Dasher, 2; Alban, Rhadamanthus, and two gunboats. The Vesuvius and Promotheus were to leave Portsmouth yesterday evening, for the Westward. The screw steam-frigate Euryalus, 50, Captain George Ramsay, from Spithead, arrived at Plymouth on Wednesday bound for the West Indies, for which destiuation she Wi sail when some defects have been made good. The screw steamship Conqueror, 100, Captain Thomas M. C. Symonds, completed coaling at Devonport on Wednes. day, and went from H1amoaze to Plymouth Sound on Saturday. The screw steamship Orion, 91, Captain John E. Erskine, -was taken to Keyham dock, Plymouth, on Wednesday, to have defects in her engines and f.an ade good. Tne screw steamship Edinburgh, 60, Captain Richard S. Hewlett, went from Plymouth Sound into Hamoaze on Saturday. The crew of the screw steamship Hoguje, 60, Captain William Ramsay, were paid off at Devonport on Friday, and the ship commissioned again on Saturday by Captain Fulfordas guardship for Queenstown. The Ma-ander, 44, Captain Thomas Baillie, is appointed to go from Plymouth Soundinto Hamoaze this day. The crew of the paddlewheel steam-frigate Magicienne, 16, Captain Nicholas Vansittart, are appointed to be paid off at Devonport, this day, and the ship recommissioned by Captain Vausittart. The paddlewheel steam-sloop Virago, 6, completed coaling -t Devonport, on Saturday, and was towed to her sailing moorings. The crev of the Volage store-ship, Master Commander John C. Hutchings, were paid off at Sheerness, on Saturday last. The crew of the Colossus, So guns, screw steamship, Captain the Hon. Henry Keppel, C.B., is daily expected to be transferred to the new screw steam-frigate Chesapeake, 5O guns, now preparing for commisssion. Captain KCeppel w-l shift his flag from the Colossus to the Chesapeake, and the surplus seamen now retained in the Colossus will be idraughted to the Cressy, S0 guns, screw-steamship. The fitting of the engines and machinery in the Mars, SO guns, screw stearmship, is ordered to be hastened, to get her ready for being commissioned at Sheerness. The transport Edward, No. 141, arrived at Woolwich on Saturday, for the purpose of landing Russian guns and mortars, with a quantity of military clothing, from the Ratst. The transport steamers Jura and Staniboul have passed Woolwicls from Deptford, on their way out to embark troops from Balaklava for England. These vessels will go direct for the Crimea, the Jura alone calling at Malta to nnship a fewv stores for the dockyard there, and also to land Captain Inglefield, R.A., coinmandin' the company of gunners embarked a few days back from V;oolwicli on board the Burlington. Her Majesty's ships Tartar and Cossack, the former undex t'he command of Captain Dunlop, and the latter of Captain Cockburn, each carrying 21 guns, put into Queenstown habour on Wednesday evening. The Tartar and Cossack evere seized at the commencement of the late war by direction of the British Govermment, while in course of building at Mr. Pitcher's, Greenhithe, for the service of Russia. Both vessels are at present on a cruise in the Channel for the psurpose of testing their speed, with the view of presenting, it has been said, the swifter vessel to the Emperor of Russia. The whole of the troops in Ireland are to be under arms at noon on Thursday next, in or near their respective garrisons or quarters, and are to fire three rounds at 1 o'clock, an honour of Her Majesty's birthday. The Field Artillery M fire 21 guns at their respective stations. The following appointments were made on Saturday at the Admiralty:- C. W. Buckley, to be commander to the Merlin; N. S. F. D)igby, to be midshipman to the Centurion - w. St. J. Hornby, to be midshipman to the Elk; U. C. Singleton, to be midshlpman to the Elk; J. Buchanan, to be midship. man to the Royal Albert (for disposal); E. Rice, to be midShipman to the Pylades; J. Elliot, to be midshipman to the Colossus; J. E. Pringle, to be naval cadet to the Centurion; C0. B. Charlewood, to be naval cadet to the Colossus; D. E. K. Grant, to be raval cadet to the sk- H G Andoc, to be naval cadet to the Colossus; J. J. 6. Smail, to be naval cadet to the Imprieusee- 3r. R. X. Griffiths, to be 3aval cadet to the Colosgus; 6. H. Lawson, to be naval cadet to the Colossus - aid a. C. Wheatley, to be assistant engineer to tae Enrynus, THE 3aLITIA. Her Majesty's orders for dsexmbodying the militia in Plymouth Garrison were received there on Friday morning. The Devon Artillery, comsmarded by Major Hole, in barracks at Devonpo-t, are to be disbanded on Thursday, the Bth of June; and the South Devon Mhlitia, in Plymouth Citadel, under Lieutenant-Calonel Sir John Yarde Biuler, on Tuesday, the .10th. The 1st Warwick Militia, cemmanded by Lieutenant-Coloaol J. I. Boultbee, also in t-h e Citadel, will sepaato on the thprovided they are in bthir own countyontbatday; it isa ta that theywi c have thexoate immediately a-fter the publlcrejoicings on Thurslday. Thetermsarounderenden toro ta e paymentofallarTears 4nf becz'ntY, and the return of their chodhing to the rank and :fie d e months' PaY to all subalterng, and twelve aonthes ayof to ll 3memdical ocres. The South Den Milmtia4 will linv conaPletedi two Years' service on the :3lrt just.;- the bountywa.s 61., and 21s. for kit, of which theyinve received mearly two guineas. The Ist W arwick have bI= called nhs; the bounty was 71., of wic th rout 2or hbave been paid. The officers of the Derby Iulilitia have Ad,dressed the Governmnent for a miodification of the terms, auid haLve sent round to all the other militia reaiments a cop,ofthir emria, oliitng tsadoption. The Lime- Tb,e T 'one Militia arrived in Dablin o swnav steamer from Whitehaven. n Saturdayinthe The NottingZham Militia, n-uberin., 30 officers and 711 mnen, left Dublin oni Friday for Kins °to tr mam board the transport Cleopatra for Endanndc to embark on We re requested to state by Colonel F. S. e th.at at the review of the militia by the Queen at Portsmouth on Tuesday last the Westmeath Rifles were not I tonmmded b Major Nugent. LieUtrepnt-Colonq Lord i CTs AF4 ed the Coi*I WTee present.
HER ilAJBESTY'S TZBEATRE. On Saturday night one of those important experiments was made that are generally preceded by a vast amount of conjecture and-we may almost say-trepidation among the patrons of lyrical drana. We do not, of course, allude to the production of a new opera by Verdi, since it is one of the virtues of th-at prolific composer that he does not much disturb the equanimity of the public, either by raising expectation or by weighing on the memory. We do allude to the cleb t of Mademoiselle Piccolomini, the new prima donna, whose performance of the priacipal character in La Ts-aviatta had been declared one of the most perfect ever witnessed. The experiment to be made on Saturday, when the new artist came out in the part with which her fame is most identified, was whether expectations unusually high would be folloNwed by satisfactory results. There was mnuch, too, even in the name "Piccolornini" to excite curiosity, for, even with Juliet's comtempt for nomenclature in general, some names are so exceedingly big that one cannot hear them with indifference. Among these "Picco. lonini" is surely to be e numerated. When we add that the young vocalist boasts that the ancient Italian family which comprises among its members the learned Pope Pius IL (better known as Lneas Sylvius), and Ottavio Pic. colimini, who was concerned in the death of Wallenstein, ow.ns her not only as a namesake but as a scion, we shall establish the fact that she merited a sympathetic reception at the hands of our aristocratic audience. Not to keep our readers in suspense with respect to the all-important event of Saturday, let us, before we descend to particulars, hasten to communicate that the success of Mademoiselle Piccolomini has been most triumphant ; that she was loudly c.aled at the end of every act (twice after the last), and on each occasion with increased enthusiasm. This duty done, we will now endeavour to describe the field on which the victory was attained, and the means employed by the artist. The book of La Traviata is founded on La Daeze auc Canvzlia.z-that celebrated drama which, when produced a few years since at the Theatre du Vaudeville, at once created a fame for the younger M. Dumas, and incalculably increased the already established reputation of Madame Doche and AL Fechte. However, as the original piece, notwithstanding the immense noise it made in Paris, has never been transferred to the English stage, or played in London by any French company at the St Jamess Theatre, we shall assume that the story is unknown, and describe the progress of the action in La T raviata without further reference to the work of M. Dumas than the remark that, whereas his play is supposed to represent modem French life, the Italian libretto changes the period to the year 1700. The first act takes place at Paris in the house of Violetta, a reigning belle, more celebrated for beauty than for virtue, who on the rising of the curtain appears in her brilliant saloon, receiving guests of distinction. Alfred Germont, a young gentleman, with whom she has become recently acquainted, is evidently regarded by her with more favour than the rest, and he soon makes himself conspicuous by singing a Bacchanalian song for the general amusement. Amid all this joviality Violetta soon gives signs of a pulmonary complaint, which plays a very important part in the catastrophe, and Alfred, who is left alone with her by the retirement of the other guests into an adjoining saloon, expresses his serious] uneasiness on her account. The devotion felt by the fond youth and the friendly warnings of the fallen beauty are embodied in a duet, at the end of which the guests, having observed the approach of morning, return to take their leave in a chorus. No sooner have they departed than Violetta, abandoned to her own thoughts, executes a grand scena, in which she expresses her love for Alfred, reflects on her lost condition, and at last, by way of solace, resolves to plunge inito the vortex of dissipation. More than three months elapse before the commencement of the second act, the first scene of which is a villa near Paris, the residence of Alfred and Violetta, who, retired from the noisy world, are living together in a state of idyllic. felicity, celebrated by Alfred in a song. Already, however, the storm begins to threaten. A word dropped by Violetta's maid reveals to Alfred the unpleasant fact that the lady is about to sell her horses, carriage, ha., to defray the expenses of housekeeping, and he hastens to Paris to prevent the sacrifice. During his absence Violetta receives a visit from a respectable old gentleman, who explains, without reserve that he is Alfred's father, and moreover, that he is by no means satisfied with his son's present mode of life. His manner is at first harsh, but the revelation that Violetta is about to sell all her property for the sake of his son softens his resentment, and he passes from a tone of severity to a strain of supplication, intermingled with friendly warning. Alfred's position will, he says, blight the hopes of his family, and Violetta herself, when the charms of youth have faded, will lead a life of misery. 'Under the influence of the old gentleman's persuasions, Violetta, though nearly maddened at the thought of a separation from Alfred, resolves to sacrifice her own feelings for the sake of his welfare. At the close of the interview, the greater part of which is embodied in a duet, Germont senior retires to the garden, and Violetta sits down to write a billet of evidently mysterious import, for, on the sudden return of Alfred, she conceals it with a confused air. Little however does he suspect what has taken place or who is in the garden, and though Violetta leaves the room abruptly he still indulges in pleasant dreams for the future. From these he is awakened by the receipt of the letter, which is given to him by the servant, and informs him that his beloved Violetta has abandoned him for ever. His despair is of the most frightful kind, and though his father, by an aria replete with paternal affection, endeavours to soothe him, the good old gentleman only seems to add fuel to flame. We are now taken to a saloon in the house of Flora Bervoix, a lady whose social position is similar to that of Violetta. A brilliant party is given, and some ladies, who maketheirappearancemasked as gypsies, andsome gentlemen attired as Spanish bull-fighters, contribute to the merriment of the evening. Among the guests are Alfred, who is occupied in staking his money on a game of cards, and Violetta, who enters on the arm of her present protector, Baron Dauphol. She is embarrassed by the unexpected sight of Alfred, and her embarrassment is increased by the obvious annoyance of the Baron, who insists that during the entire evening she shall not address a word to her former lover. A game, in which stakes are high, and in which Alfred and the Baron are antagonists, does not at all improve the aspect of affairs, and when the whole party retires to the supper-room a tempest is evidently in the horizon. In a few moments it bursts forth. Violetta returns to the stage from the supper-room, followed by Alfred, whom she exhorts not to fight with the Baron, at the same time professing her love for the latter. The infuriated youth summons the whole company from the banquet, cenfesses to them how he has accepted the bounty of Violet'a, andby way of repayment flings her portrait at her feet, amid the general indignation of all present, including his own father. This situation is the subject of the finale to the second act. The third act takes place in Violetta's chamber, when the heroine is discovered in a dying condition. A letter from the elder Germont informs her that his son has fought and wounded the Baron, and will speedily return to her, accompanied by his father, but this solace has arrived too late, and an air, in which Violetta supplicates the pardon of Heaven for her past career, and which is contrasted by a Bacchanalian chorus of the people in the streets celebrating the proeession of the " bwuf gres" is the expression of her despondency. The entrance of Alfred, with his father's sanction, throws a transient gleam over the unhappiness of Violetta, and in the first movement of a duet that ensues they begin to picture to themselves a blissful future. Already, however, the increased debility of Violetta shows that her stay in this world is not likely to be of long duration, and the final movement of the duet expresses the misery of the loving pair. Death, which graduaRly steals upon her while she is surrounded by her despairing lover, his father, a faithful servant, and the medical attendant, terminates the tale of sin and repentance. We have been thus minute with the plot, because the book is of far more consequence than the music, which, except so far as it affords a vehicle for the utterance of the dialogue, is of no value whatever, and, moreover, because it is essentially as a drareaCtic vocalist that the brilliant access of Mademoiselle Piccolomini was achieved. Per. haps on some other occasion we may return to the consideration of Signor Verdi's part of the performance, taken apart from the libretto. For the present it will be just sufficieat to treat La Traviataas a play set to music. To Mt. Dunssftl, who invented the situations, and Mademoi- selle Piccolomini, who delineated the emotions of the principal character, belong the honours of a triumph, with which the composer has as little to do as possible. -The entrance of Mademoiselle Piccolomini at once made an impresion in her favour. Her figure is small, graceful, and "distinguished," her countenance is pleasing and vivacious, and as she tdipped upon the stage amid her guests there was a sprightliness in her manner that gained all sympathies, and that found its yoeal expression in the second verse of the Bacchanalian si2!fr, iv)h which Violetta follows' .the first verse, 4,ng by Alfred. Tags pretty recklessness with whiich this gttle ebullition of gaie: took place raised a loud buswt of applause, and the verse wui *unanimously hecored.. The final movement at the end of t}h 85cX, in' the firs-\act when Mademoiselle Piccolomils pure Soprano v.oie was exerted in the production $1 - t;he most florid ctlmnientatien, brought down the curtain amid general sounds of approval, but it was not as- yet that her great triumph was attained. It was in the second act, when the interview with the elder Germont is over, and Violetta takes leave of Alfred with the concealed intention of never seeing him again, that her histrionic force vwas first displayed to its full extent. Such a tone of anguish-of abandonment to the sentiment of the moment, was thrown into the single line- " Amami, Alfredo, quant'io t'amo! Addio "`- that it thrilled through the whole body of the audience. The second greatachievementwas in the scene atnlora's residence, when she is insulted by Alfred in the presence of the numerous party. Except in the Camille of Mademoiselle Rachel, we scarcely remember to have seen such an instance of the bodily frame breaking up, as it were, through the aggression of mental anguish. Mademoiselle Biccolonmini trembled from head to foot under the influence of the insulting language-the hands clutched convulsively and wandered about uncertain-it was evident that the mind was so absorbed in its own suffering as to have lost its control over the limbs. In this situation she did not utter a note, but nevertheless, she monopolized to herself all the attention of the public, who contemplating that mute figure forgot the insipid air by which her movements wero accompanied. When the second act was over the position of the artist was firmly established, and it mnay be observed especially in her favour that her triumph over the whole house was as gradual as it was sure. In the third act the details of death are set forth with a minuteness as far approaching that of Mrs. C. Kean's exquisite represenation of Qneen Catherine's last moment as is possible within the compass of lyrical drama, where nutances of feeling cannot be so variously indicated as in spoken dialogues. The tottering step with which MademoisellePiccolomini endeavoured to reach her chair when the malady was at its height was fine to the highest degree. Every spectator followed her movements with a sort of nervousness, and audibly rejoiced when she was fairly seated, so obvious was the danger that she might fall exhausted in the midst of her efforts. The shriek of supplication with which, after the return of Alfred had again made life valuable, she charged her servant to visit the medical man with the words- "Digli che vivere ancor vogl'io," was wonderful,-it was reaUy the expression of the drowning wretch, who proverbially clutches at' a straw, and beautifully led up to the more lyrical agony with which in the duet immediately following she bewails her hapless lot in tones bf impassioned grief. The minute details of the final victory of eath, with all the gradual sinking andbhangeful play of the countenance, need not be described. It is sufficient to say that they left the audience in a state of enthusiastic admiration, which took the practical form of two universal caUs for the lady 8ola, after her appearance with the rest of the company. We must repeat the fact that the triumph was completely Mademoiselle Piccolomini's. M. Calzolari, who played Alfredo, sung exceedingly well, but no art could have rendered his songs fascinatin--; and "Di .Provenza," which was sung by AM. Beneventano, in the character of Germont, and which, according to tradition, was the great song of the piece, produced scarcely anv effect whatever. A great artist played a part suited to ier powers-that was the event solemnized with so large a contribution of plaudits and &ouquets. A great improvement in the article of opera-books maybe worthy of remark-. Instead of the old tuneless octavos we have now a quarto edition of each opera, with the music of the chief moreeauex.
THE PEABE CELEBBATION. -0 - TO THE EDITOR OF THE TU}fES. Sir,-Some irritation prevails at the delay in the an nouncement of the arrangements for the 29th. There is also an apparently unanimous feeling that the plan of having the illuminations and the fireworks on the same evening, so as to preclude the possibility of any person seeing both in safety and,comfort, is a great mistake, while by inducing attempts to hurry from one locality to another it may also lead to numerous accidents. It is su,gested that the annoyance and danger may be averted in a very simple way. The most satisfactory course would be to have the illuminations on Thursday and the fireworks on Friday evening. Supposing this to be im. practicable-although looking at the manner in which it would secure the gratification of the people at large, it is difficult to see what objection could be made to it, the nest best plan would be to announce that the illuminations of all the public buildings, after having taken place on Thursday, should be continued on the following evening. The expense of the illuminations consists mainly in the scaffoldings and fittings, and after this has been incurred it seems wanton to remove them before they have given the full amount of pleasure that may be gained from them. Under any circumstances, if the intended displays are to be concentrated in a single evening a heavy amount of disappointment must be sustained, since if two-thirds of the people participate in them the remaining third must keep house. The double evening would give a fair opportunity for a division of enjoyment, and few will doubt that with such a concession a notice that private houses will not be expected to illuminate on either occasion would be well S. received by all patties.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE T1IMES. Sir,--My attention has been called to an advertisement in your impression of to-day from M. Dilon, informing the public that he has taken the Lyceum Theatre. This is entirely false. Mfr. Dillon applied to my secretary a month since to know if the theatre was then to let, and was in. formed that it was let to Mr. Conquest, of the Grecian Theatre, for three years. What motive MIr. Dilon can have in issuing such an advertisement I am at a loss to conceive. I hope you will be kind enough to give this publicity. I am, Sir. vour obedient servant. A. WALTER ARNOLD. | 31, Golden-square, May 24.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Will you be so obliging as to correct an important error in yureort of my evidence before the Comfmittee on the LUolI DuePs upon Shipping, given on Thursday last ? I did not give any particular statement of the exports of leathier. I stated that the total exports of hardware, cutlery, and addl. shipped from Liverpool would amount to about .0 01. ~ Your obar1ipnt ivrf THO:AS LIOYD. I Alay S.
SiB J. MEEK, C.B.-Sir James Mfeek, who died at llfracombe a few day since, was a valuable public servant in the Commissariat Department and the civil service of the navy. He was born in 1778, and entered the public service in 1798. Under Lord Keith, then Commander-in-Chief in the Mediterranean, he was employed in procurig sap plies from Sicily for the support of the army sent to invade Egypt. For many years be held the post of secretary to different flag ofricers on the Mediterranean station, and, among others, to Lord Keith after the close of the war. In 1830, he was appointed a Commissioner of the Victualling Board, and on the abolition of that department, was made Comptroller of the Victualling of the -Navy and Transport Services. From these duties, wbich he discharged with zeal and efficiency, he finally retired in December, 1850, and early in the following year was rewarded -with the honour of Knighthood and the Companionship of the Bath. His name, however, will be longest remembered in connexion with the commercial measures of the late Sir Robert Peel, who sent him during the winter of 1841, on a tour through Belgium, Holland, and the north of Germany, for the purpose of collecting statistical information respecting agricultural produce and shipping; and it was, to a considerable extent, upon the reports supplied to Her Majesty's Ministers by Sir James Meek that the then Premier based the well-known measures of free trade which he introduced in 1846. Sir James represented an old Cheshire family, and was twice married; first, to a daughter of Lieutenant Edward Down, R.N., and second, having been left a widower nearly two years, in 1853, to the daughter of the late Dr. Grant, of Kingston, Jamaica. He was an acting magistrate for the county of :Devon, and was much rcected in the town and neig£hbourhood of llfracombe, wvhere he had long resided. ESCAPE OF PnISOxnCES.-A number of prisoners from Wakefield gaol, were, on Saturday morning escorted on board the convict hulk Defence, lying off EWoolwich Arsenal. Some time preceding theirarrivalawarrant received, announcin' that 29 prisoners, under various terms of sentence, werue about to be despatehed thence, and that preparations-should be made for their reception. They were to be forwarded from Wakefield to Woolwich, in the charge of three warder-officers. It appears that on arriving at the Rugby station one of the prisoners was seized with endden indisposition, and was consequently permitted to alight from the carriage. This requiring the attention of one- of the warders left the remaining prisoners insufficiently uOarded, three of whom succeeded in effecting their escape. WVhethe'r the escape was discovered ont the spot or subsequently did not transpire, hut on their reaching Woolwich, and the risbners being told off, only 26 could be found. Two of the missing prisoners were under sentence of convict labour for 20 years each. FATAL ACCIDENTr ON THE GutEAT Nop.TER~N RAThwA.-9OI Saturday l-ast, the 24th inst., at about 10 o'clock in the forenoon, a fatal acicident occurred to the keeper of the railway gates, across the highway from Deping to Stamford, at the Tallington station of the Great Northern Railway. It appears that a pilot engine was coming down the line, over the crossing, and te g te kIeeper, believving that the engine could not pass withoit striking the gates, rushed across the line to close them, but, unfortunately, having done so, he was unable to get out of the way of the engine, which knocked h-m down, and killed him on the spot. The unfortunate mnan was immedintely conveyed -o the Cavendish Arms Inn, Talington, where an inquest was held before Mr. william Edwards, coroner, and a verdict in accordance with the above facts was returned. Tim TuRisus EMBASSY.-HiS Excellency the Turlish Ambassador and Mfadame Musurns received a distukishahed circle to dianner at the Embassy in Bryanstonsquare on Saturday last to meet his Highness the GrandI Vizier. The guests assembled to meet hlis Highness in- luded d=hi I:cellencythe phortguese Minister and the Countess Lavraio, his Excellency thaeSwedish .initter and Earnes Hchchid,theEal o Watmrean dVcon
EXCUBSION TBRAIS FOB .PIZE FIGHTS. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TEhIES. Sir,-In your paper of yesterday an extract is given from the Cheztford CMrwndicZ, whien contains an account of a prize fight between two men named Broome and Paddock. The spectators are reported to have engaged two special trains to convey them to Tivetshall, in Norfolk, at an expense of 2301. By a preconcerted arrangement the trains stopped short at Bentley, near Ipswich, and the fight took place, without interruption, in a neighbouring meadow. It lasted an hour and 20 minutes. The bystanders were drawn up six deep. At the end of the fight the defeated combatants and (we may suppose) the victor also, presented a "shocking spectacle." All this while the authorities were waiting at Ip.wich, and at stations lower down the line, in anticipation of the trains, with a view to enforce the law and stop the fight. Will you, Sir, permit me to inquire whether it is possible for all this to have occurred without the connivance of the authorities of the Eastern Counties Railway ? Does any one suppose that the appearance and conversation of the crowd which assembled at the London Station left any doubt of the object upon which they were bent ? Has not the Tailway company procured the legal authority of consta. bles for large numbers of its own officers, even supposing :that it were not every-san's daty, as a citizen, to do all he can to prevent a breach of the peace? Has not the company the use of the electric telegraph, and might not the character of the excursion train have been so far made to precede it as to insure a magistrate's attendance at almost every station on the line? It appears to me to be impossible to answer these inquiries in such a nmanner as to absolve the xailway company from a gnilty connivancoe in a breach of the peace for the. sake of the custom thereby brought toits Ene; and, if this be so, I would submit whether the Home Secretary might not either direct a prosecutiol at once, or provide such an amendment of the law as wil hold a prosecution, in tcrvorcas, over the heads of companies acting in a like manner for the future. Perhaps there are few points in the education of the lower orders at present which strike an observer more painfully than the want of physical training-all books at school, all work in life-and, if there be one thing which, more than another, can render the name of "manly sports" odious, it is such exhibitions as prize fights, where thelowest thieves and ruffians are congregated with whatever else is most coarse and most lawless in the Alsatia of a great city, to witness a spectacle which has all the brutality of bull-baiting without the honestv of the combatants. CERDO.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. --p Sir,-Loudon or provincial newspapers directed to the "Crimean soldiers, Brompton Hospital, Chathain," will be most welcome. lUpwards of 300 patients are there at pre. sent, and more are arriving every week. Any person, there. f6re, who, having done with a newspaper, will forward it there (and it goes free, if stamped), wil be doing a kdndness to our sick jmd wounded soldiers. Will you be good enough I to insert this leZter in-your paper? - Your obedient !erva1& &UGUSTUS STAYFORD. Jlouse of Commons, hy 2-
THE REVIEW OF MILITIA By THE QVE. PORTSMOUTB, MY25. The follow ing g-ratifying letters, conveying the approbation of Her Majesty and the General commanding til garrison and souta-west district (Major-General H. -W Breton), upon the late review on Southseacomnon, were published in garison orders throughout the district yester. day, and have created the most lively satisfactior - "Horse Guards, May 21, 185. "Sir,-The Field-Marshal Commmaing in Chief is commanded to express the Qceen's approbation of the soldierlike appearanc.e and steadiness ot the militia regiments when reviewed by HerlIajestyyesterday onaSouthsea common. "Her Majesty desires to make known her sense of the merits of the officers and men, and how highily she appreciates their voluntary services. ',Ihave the honour to be, Sir, "Your most obedient humble servant, n " G. A. WTRALT, A.G. " To Major-General Breton, &c., Portsmouth. " A . A. INELs0 oGtistnt-djutant.General " South-West District. (District Order.) " Deputy Assistant-AadjutatGeneral's-office Portsmouth, ay 23, 16. "In publishing in orders the copy of a letter from tho Adjutant-General of the army, conveying ar UMajesty's approval of the militia regiments (1st Royal Suey, orset Regiment, 2d King's Own Stafford Light Infantry, A hmag Idght Inlfantry, and Westmeath Ri'des), at the review on the-20th inst., Major-General Breton takes the opportunity of offering his w3rmestthanks to thevarious commanding officers, staf, and officers, and noncommussioned officere in general, for the invariable support he has received from them. "Officered in a great degree from the nobility and gentry of the several counties, gentlemen entering the service solely from a sense of public duty, and whose absence from their properties must often prove most inconvenieat-independent men, moreover, who might be expected to bear somewhat unwillingly with even the military authority naturally, and, indeed, necessarily, assumned over them by the generAl officer under whose command theg may be-it has been most gratifying to the MIajor-General to observe their unremitting attention. to the details of the service, ever working onwards, though liable at any time to lose their men through volunteering. "As emight be anticipated with such officers the Major. General has not had a shadow of difference -with any one of them. It is impossible that duty could be carried on more satisfactorily and pleasantly. "The remarkably efficient state of the militia in general was fairly tested at the late review by Her Majesty of those at present in garrison. "The good spirt which attaches to the officers am lies also to the non commissioned officers and privates. There are, of course, exceptions, for among Large bodies there canl; not but be some bad men. "Upon the whole, however, the Major-General has had every reason to be satisfied with the corps which have beet underhim; he could, indeed, name some that might be held np as a pattern to the army at large. "From the foregoing observations it wiU be seen that the Major-General has a very high opinion ofthe militia foroean opinion he has not failed to express npon many occasions, and in strong terms, in his communications with the higher authorities. "By order of the Major-General Commanding, ",A.L A.Nsoo, " Deputy Assistant-Adjutant-General, 'South-west District."
GENERAL ASSEMBLB OF THE CHupCH Op SCOTLArD. The Assembly was opened at Edinburgh, on Thursday, by Lord Belhaven, Her Mfajesty's Lord High Commissioner. After holding a levee at Holyrood Palace, hisuLordship weht in procession, amid a large military equipage, to the High Church, to hear sermon, and subsequently to the Assembly. halL The Assembly chose the I;ev. Dr. John Crombie; minister of Scone, Perthshire, as moderator. The Lorl High Commissioner announced the continuance of Her Ia. jesty's usual gift of 2,ODOZ. for promoting religion in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland. On :riday the Assembly took up consideration of the bill of the Lord Advocate to regulate and make further provi; sion for the parish schools of Scotland. The Pev. Dr. Coox (St. Andrew's) read the report of the Parish Schools Committee, narrating their proceedings duing the year in reference to the Scotch education bills. before Parliament. The report urged the adoption of the most strenuous means to oppose the Parish Schools Bill lately brought in by the Lord Advocate, as tending, in theiopinion, not less than the former bis of his Lordship, to subvert one of the most valued institutions wvhich it had been the privilege and the glory of Scotland to possess. The Rev. Dr. BELL (Idnhithgow) moved the adoption of the following resolution:- "The General Assembly deeply regret to learn that no progress has yet been made towards a legi3lative enact. ment for securing a better provision for the parochial. schoolmasters and other improvements connected 'with the parochial schools that have been recommenrded. WIiile the Lord Advocate's Parochial Schools Bill con - tains some provisions which relate to these objects, the General Assembly Tiew -with profound regret other provi. sions of that measure. They find that it is based on thc principle of separating education from religion, abolishing the requirement that the parochial schoolmasters shall be: members of the Church of Scotland, as by law established, - and at the same time virtually abolishing the superintendence of the parochial schools and schoolmastersbythe Pres. byteries of the Church. And they find that it proposes to vest unlmimited and arbitrary power in the inspectors, who are, moreover, to be appointed w,ithout any guaranteefor their religious profeson or opinions. The General Assembly resolve, accordingly, to petition in the stron est manner against the LJord-Advocate's Parochial Schools Bill, reappoint the committee, and direct and authorize them toadopt every measure that may seem to them necessary for successfullyopposingtheLord Advocate's Bil and for se. curingor promoting the interests of the parochial school.- miasters." The motion was opposed by Professor Bolert Iee, and supported by Mr. Cook, advocate, Professor Robertson, and others. Dr. LEE expressed his conviction that, irtless the test 'was repealed as this biU proposed, the Legislaturewould never grant the required increase in theparish teachers' salaries, nor any other material improvement of the present system. He contended that the schools were tke property, not of the Church, but of the State, and that to make them national schools in practice as they were in theory, it was essential that they should be opened tp to non-conforming teachers. He movedthat the report be iot adopted. The vote was taken somewhat unexpectedly, amd in a. thin house. For the motion of Dr.Bell there votedl 20; for the amendment of Dr. Lee, 3-namely, himself and thIemembers for the burghs of Ayr and Perth. On Saturday the draught of a petition was agreed to,. and ordered to be forwarded in time for tiresentation beforethe expected second reading of the bill on Monday evening..
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I find in your report of yesterday's procecdings £n the case of William Palmer that my name appears as not having attended durng the triaL I beg to say that I was in court from Wednesday, the 14th, every day until Wed. nesday, the 21st, at 12 o'clock, at which time the examination of witnesses for the prosecution was ended. I was s-bpennaed for the prosocution, but not for the defence. Apologizing for taking up your valuable space, I remain; Sir, your most obedient servant, AV. :SAWNDEIM. I Hednesford, Rugeley, .&-ay 24.
Assocumtoi OF E1ir FrPimDS oF POLAND.-The 24th anniversary of the Literary Association of tho Friends of Poand ook pace n Satrdayat te 3rooms1 Of the a6so. ciaio, Dkestret St Jmess,and was numerously attended. The president, the Mar9uis of Breadalbane in opening the proceedings, expressed ns regret that the events of lst ear id ot afor anygrondsof congrtattation toD the rieds f land Eal Frtecuemaoved the first res. icto,"That while our niinds remaLin unchanged as to the meritso the great Polish question, still, considering the peculiar circumstances of thepresent Period, this association not consider it expedient to takO any course or 3ro. nounco any opinion that might in the lesst prejrdice&thq cause of Poland in the opinion of any of its friends. its determination, therefore, is to wait events, in the anxious hope that something may yet be done for the Polish nation if not commensurate with its wants and vishes, yet peria nently conducive to its general prosperity, and not ineon. sistent with its national honour." . Ferguson, M.P., econded the resolution, and it was carrid unanimouldv. The report was then read. It stated that the total inoome of the asociation for the current year had amounted to 7391.14s. 6d., and the expenditure to 890me., of which 218s ls. had been expended in relieving 535 cases of distress~. The report noticed in detail the proceedings of the assoclaq tion during the year, and, in conclusion, expressed its deters muination to fulfa its priniary dtofrolingthe truxth respecting Poland. T~he Earl fHrigo,woscne the proposal to adoptthrer,aiheadopdttte late war -with Russia wudh e osm datgsfr if not to the restoration of, Poln.R ofse,teeoe that hie was much disappointe ihtetrso h ocn Eion of peace, and didl not apprv ibeushe could not believethatitwasapermanen pee,u eeycesstior~ol arms. TheLord3L;yor, inmovig oefhn~tothePria. cess MtarcellineCzaroris]dfor tecus ehad ta2k-en with a view of alleviating the sufferings of herdsrse and exiled countrymen, expressed his deep sypathy in the cause of Poland and his admiration of t-he objiects of that institugtion Mtsr. Monckton Mfinfes, XLP., seconded the resolution, and' observed, -that he never anticipated that the late war would wor theeneration of Poland, because he concurred with' a getFech statesman 'who knew a great deal. about Eusa, n who remarkeel, that the. 3noment the wrir' tonhe thQuestion of Poland then Rusisi woul1d IMal The.Ie blarquis of BreadaTbane was appointedpresi. ,ntof theo Association for the ensuing yewr. and tbni -g -voted t-o him fqr presiding at the -ectitiv-
SALES BY AUCTION. Hounslow, Middlesec-Freehold V'illa Residences, with Gardens and Stabling. TVOPLIS, SON, and HARDING beg to announce kthat THREE of these superior VILLAS were NOT SOLD at the auction on the 22d inst., and that they are instructed to treat fortbe Sale thereof by Private Contract.-16. St. Paul's churchyarn. Cranfora, Middlesex.-Copyhold Family Pesidence, writh Stabling, and beautifui Pleasure Grouinds nf about thlree aces. mOPLIS, SON and HARDING beg to announce T that this PROPEiTY was NOT SOLD at the auction on the 22d inst.. and that they are instructed to treatforthe sale thereof byprivate contract.-16, St. PaulSe chumchyard. Ilay 23. No. 13, Bloomsbnrysquare.-This Day (Monday). S jfR. G. H. MARTIN xvill SELL by AUJCTION, as I tLabove. at 12, FUJRNITUJRE enod EFFECT3, as previously advertis. comuprising rosewood ard mahogany diolog and drawing room. parlour. aod hod room furniture, choice paintings, twvo pianos. smuall cellar of wiines, and kitchen utensils, Fine Collection of Fossils, Minerals, Coins. and Tokens, choice Cabinet Pictures, Library of Scientific Works, Plate, Furniture, Brotgbanm, &C. R. NEWSON begs to announce that the entire per- M s sonal PROPERTY of the Rev. Thomas Image. deceased, will he SOLD, without reserve. at the Rectory, Wbepstead, near Bnury St. Edmndt's, on ThlurLav. the 29th of May. and following days, Catalogues at the Bedford Hotel, Covent-garden; and of the auctioneor, Bury St. Edmund's, An As3eblago of capital modern FurnitUlre, in excelent coudtion. Chimney-glasses, Pianoforte. and numerous nseful articzes of Furni ture, being the genuino Stock of a Cabinetmaker, and removed for convenience ot sale, which will be sold under circumstancesprecluding all reserve. A UGUSTUS SMITH will SELL by AIUCTION £L at his Rooms. 255, Blackfriars-road. near the bridge. To-morrow, tay 27, atI for 2 prompt. the capital modern FJRNITURE, in excellentcondition: compriing rots of walnut-tree, rosewood, and rmahogany chairs, sofas, couches, and easy chairs, loo, card, occasional. and sets of dininmgtables, chimneY and pier glacses, sPianoforte, four-post and Arabian bedstead, mahogany chest of drawvers. ma rble-top wiashstands, and numerous useful articles. Mtay bc viewed on Monday antecedeutto and morning of eale, and catalogues had at the rooms as Near the New Ion, Send,Woking, Surrey.-A desirable smaU Freehold Farm, tithe-free and land-tax redeemed, consi.ts of upwards of S6 acres of exceedingly useful Arable and Meadow Lauds, convenient Homestend ant iwell-arranged Agricultural Buildinos, DRURY will SELL by AUCTION, at the lVhlu'e Hart Inn. Woldng, on .ionday. June 2. at 3 in the afternoon. hy order of the Proprietor. euloect to such conditions as will be produced at the time of sale, in three lots. the above desirable FATtIM about2 miles from theWokmrg Station on the South-Western Railway, and fivemiles from the exceUent market town of Guildford. Surrey. May be viewed any time previous to the sale, on application to Mr. Richanrl Greenfield. the proprietor, on the premises. Pfinted descriptive particulars and conditions of sale may he had of Messrs. Hockley and Baker, solicitors, Gulldford; and of the auctioneer, High-street. Giiildford. Surrey. Important to Canitelists, Speculators, Trawlesmnen and others. R. DRURY wvill SELL by AUCTION, on Fri- , day. Jiune 6, at 2 for 3 in the afternoon. at the Lioni arnd Lamb Inn. Farnham. Surrey. aU those truly valuable FREEHOLD ESTATES. commarding business premisesa situate in the very bhstart of the High-street, borough of Fariilism.Srirey, contignous to the West Suirrey Bank, in the occupation of Messrs. Bevan. Smither. and others. infour lots :at the same time will be sold, Eight well-built brick and tile DwelliUg-onuses, situate in Church-lane. Farnham ; also Three hiesznageaorTenements, knownasgBeaverie Kiln. Farnham. May ho viewed one week prior to the sale. Printed particulars and conditions of sale may be had of Messrs HoUet and hMason. solictors. Fainhans Surrey, seven days; before the sale: and of the auctioneer. ,0, High-street. (luidford. Surrey. No, 51, Denbigh-street, Pimlico. 'R. G. BEST bees to announce that the LEASE- _ HOLD PROPERTY. advertied to be disposed of on Tuesday. is SOLD by Private Contract. The furniture and fixtures wil be sold on Tuesday. See advertisement. 51, Denbigh-street, Warwick-square, Pimlio,in the Belgravia Estate. -Canital subseantial Furniture and Effects. li/R. G. BEST has received instructions from J. G. iVJ.Mayhew, Esq.' to DISPOSE OF by AUCTION. To-morow. May22. at 12 for 1, the FURIZITURE and EFFECTS of the above residence, compridng Arabian, four-post, and iron bedsteads. bedas and bedding, toilet and cheval glassces marble-ton washetands and dressing tables, wardrobes, drawers. dc.; the drwing room is furnished in walnut, covered in handsome French sUk damask fcrimsou and gold. compirling a euite of 12 chairs, two lounes, two easY chairs. loo, card and occasional tables; ch£mney glasses. irandoles. engraings. and or: Daln5ntal items, oze6, : the dining room of Spanish mabogany chairs. covered mofecco, diningtables, sideboard, oPen bookcase, ke.; the0 dumzestic offices are Ul Ited sip with the uaualreqnisites. 0it view Monday and morning of ise. Cataloguzes on the p>remiser : of 3leeis NayhewvandSifalmone. maiioyse, 30 &reat. Gerestyeet, WeMirdister; Onw o£ ts@.Zccbar4cra, Ywt h .briprp Hiltenry Val-Neet Household Furn iture, Paidntizgs, Thoits, Plte and Effects, l AT ;C.FUP~BER wvill SELL byAUCTION,on the Ma 7 t12 fr 1', the neat COTT.AGE PLIWtSITURIE, consisting Of di,sinooc,mandpariou-rffttingsofniabogany'ithng.i'Oo,aodot-hertaNe5, sets of chai's, ensy chairs. snfas. couches, side-bosnia,chimeyglasLses, ornaments. itc.; the c-le-an chamber fittings incltudeiron half-teasster. Frenchi, aral other bedst-eads. prine goose~ feather bests and bedding: chicsts of drarers mnarble; op wa&shtanls,.- to'ilet-te tasses, and ther usual ncnu-nir.nd ,thenre-quisites. May ,be stewed theday prior ann mornting of-&sale, and catalogues had oni the igemises: and at the auct-ion offices. in Warwitrl-court. Gray's-inn. No. S. (ios!oa-- sq,,are, Br,unpton.-Handxaomc anodern Fnsnihu-e. splendid Ca.'-res, C,,llectuon of valalt-le Paintings dleeant Chandeliers and 'he general Anpurtenancess of the. above Resid6nce. PA. C. FURBERwillSELLbyvAUCTIO,N,oiithe iTlPremntsts, om Monday. June 9. at 1t-for 12preciFetime. an account of the large unusub,r of lets. the well-made FPVR_TUr1J including expensireveTlvet-pile, Eraorets. andlother carpets,a-ith ruiesto match, elegaInt Ft-el and ur-mnoulu fender. bhuh rosewooxl &rawAing room suites covered inbtipo 'satinand velv-et,lage plate -liimanr3-glasses,inarble and libraryfttings are in fine Spanish maho2any, and onsist of tuco sets of telescolse-framie dining tables, onspital pedestal sdeboard%, Pedestal writing andt otberw-rit!ng tables, three- seats of hairs and easy hair's in '.o-,oseo Ieather, secret-sire, bookcase, choi,ce engravings, f`ew vOle, of books, china, gls,plated articles, bed sand table liinen; ilhe prirncipal be&d chamnher. furniture compris4es handsomie Spanish mahogany winged wrardroboes, rmarle-top wasest-auds, ehieval and to.ilet glasses-, handsome Pdrisian and four'poet bedsteads, wool and hair ma1ttress~'es, feaFther bedls and bedding ; the usuial Sittings of entrancehail and steirc%ss, and the conitenits of the servants' offices, and asit cnlinaryut-eaniLs, and nlumerous, effects. Mlay be viewed the Saturday preceding anjd morning of Eale, and descriptivecaitalogues haid on the prelsises : and at tl;e auction offices, hIn arwick-court. Glray'a.in.L Xeningon-sre-Th wnleof heoegat-Appendage of 3(iee Lodr.fomelytheprc-stofthelae ou.tD'Orsay electesd a.d Consle nd himnv-aase, t'illaattone Soclor Planofo.-te. rodlecton r Pintngs hsutins rietalChia Jars, and expenisive R. 0.FURR R hasbeenfavoured wiNrth inatntc- ton-gore, on Tuesday. Jimune 3, anid following day, at 12 for 1 each day. the above valuab'le PROPERTY. Amiong the most prominient osf w-ich mnaybe mentioned the appointmecnts of the suite of' reception room.s of the most costly descripition. of ricbly gil t csiers, faut-nils, lone,coniches, acttress, -noble console and pier vables, untique chiina. cabillets ott'inmane corbeilles. tripods. gianflotes and omnamental glqSses, setso of i-,gned satiniwindow ccrtaiuo.,otd mar ueterleecabin,ets, sealant-wood and na'¶jcsr.re tables, elegant Pablnmantel clocks, Ot-TUOU111candelabra. Urnu=ea. water.eiolour.1dr-wings, &a. ; the dinn rOOM and library itltings comprise Fet of mahogaby-dinjugtbls Iiedeetalsitcdeboard, set of chstrs and easy chlairs iu morocco, a splendid. manapwood bookcase. mahDzany writing.tAbles, hosikcsesand the soi-. pro;priate dittin gs of hfil,ct- qirs, ani.tante rotes ; the fl1mritnre Of thle urncps bed om inclnudes expenstr& buas'si tubuilar. and-ebos,inec VAr'itianbelsteads. fire wocl and hair mat-tres.es, prime goose feather beds and bedng: thetelerant boudoir alslenda-ges. superbly finished iliiwhite and gold., f rilt chairs, ottomans, l1ounges set-tees. toilet plasese. mirrors, or-monlu chandeliers ratinwoad and ro-ewood dw3rf bookcases : t1he Principal rauns are covrerd. with expensive velveLt pile Brussels end TuLr- eY cariess, with rues to match ; the contents of the Ferrans .dormitorles aTe of the usual descrip-tion; platA, plated articles, chi na. glass. lines., w,ith the out-door effects. ito. Mav be viewed, th e day PTrior end torning of sale, and descriptive cataloguies had on the prerr-tes: ar.d zs,; the auction oflices, in Warwirkcourn.;& (cray's-inn. To Small Capitalists and Memnbers of Biildliing Societies.-Secure sm:sll Freehol1d lIzvestmniFts, gid Kent-road. l[R. C.. FUJRBER will SELL by AUCTION, at the ti ll Mint-. on Thur--tay. June 2. at 1" for l. a rompartFREEVIOLD ESTATE of THRE IE PAIRi o'f well.bnilt; seini-detacbed RESIDENCES, situate _Vos. 15, 16, 17, 18. 19. and 20,Maar-bey's.road, Old Kent-road. which atre estimated to produce about ;dlI-tlper 'anumm. lend tax redeemaed, The houses may be viewed. Particulars, with conditions of saie, olitainea at the Mjart; athLordNlo Windsor Castle, Old Kent-road; of Mdessrs. Elliott and Pierce, solicitor.s, 5. Vecals,n-butildings ; and at the auction offices, 2, WaVrwicekounce5 (Irsy's-inn. high-street. 1th Msryleboce.-The Lease of the desirable Business pro- mises. aot mhe Goodwivll of an old esats'Lhed Busines_s, Stock in Trade cf a China and Glasa Dealer, Household Furniture and Effects. '.IR. C. FURBER wvill SELL by AUCTION, Oil J.A the Premises. It. High-street. on Friday. ,lune C,. at 12 for 1, by orPer o-f the E-xecutrix of the late MrTs. 83r.tustTny. the valuable LBASE of rthe above PREMIf ItS, held for an unjexpired tern, of about 30 yeare. at a, -w trent; at-n the stock- in trade, consisting of chit.na dinner. de-ssE-rT, and ten satrvifcts, a variety of toilet sets. useful asso,rtmentof culinarv crock~ery, cut glass in deNenters. ta,ble glass oi the usu~al descriptislan. hhoioz~ild furniture..and efftcts-. Thenenremiesbinoy be vie-ed atany time. Pa,rliculra.r.with condlitions of sale., and rainlognes mnay ba had of MresFrs. Conbe ard Wa.inarritht. solicit-ors 9, Staple- s-inn: and atthe aliction ofticas. in Warivick- cosrt, Gray's-inn: Le,cest-er-ssniare.-The wsoole of the kFurniture and Fittings-up oj a Forcign Hoe,includhiig the furnituire of dliuing roomi, coffee-rooma, and bar, a. lnr.e nattac,er of mahogany and iron bedsteads, spring lnattresses, amd `heddinz. -3R C. FUIZEER will SELL by AUCTION, on Tdk h-e Premiers, -Nos. 1 and 2, Ileioester-street, on Mond'ay, June 9. st-1t fcr12 p-vcisely sn account of th uber of lots. the excellent FCUtldITtURE of a`ohere; inciludinga autit.-tlbcfernitresr for several suites of npartrints fta ted to continent-al taste, An expen~sive rosewood book- nae -limn v.aassrs Brusslscrets.- -easthrns:th nueou idcham-rstare repaul-eteattnp iever Yorkembsri.and- th kice otties are ade.inatey- supplied. uay e, voriee thlyPortior oaif tie Entat of sae tdCat.ge alo taUoE pbemiset ; nofy essrs Fiher SAndLEa 12 tefr-rose and1 ETT 5fxd' aeP'e t the ntinolesnWawc-cTMour. Timy' Inc. tne.17. at I o .idhe oddoseiresction t-be Clet onfes,a verilo inThenceryl-bon Wyttv,eiseaort"-.eseod Essates.omrSeN-. 4 in- Wyn ham-treet,'N. Yiuielnd-tc,rk- buiidings, 27 Great Yortpatc aittl Nerk-lsre Brynatoe-arnare for lng t rotion ofl theEsptateof the late Eiltnutcd Watersuaz.on. t ats. ~ R. C. FURBE egs to notify tat. --the SALjjowE of Iiitin PPl2tatlTY s fxedto aket'leart- the Mart on Tmes- 36, yadhso-sreet Braustn-sqsce;No.4, Cnint ssr;etdbulocd Little ork-plce. Th wholebeing ellclet to h raby' jesetm l teiantcry, an W-eaM for unexp wirod term s 'aurio durateion atsmldl_ groundrns. forAzmig sound" inestmets. Thess premises maybevst,ed byeaveof' thePectivngten,ants antie Prparti coulars,,with codtiono sae thssied1 dIar yso TrierdI- thne sa7d an the Mart:b of rdeo Iviey C30. O h"0rr re1mmpo-n lu,CanlcePRy-laE:T fofesrs i-o'smn. carnes piings, ct;da the Licnsdtifehn-uzie. ind WArwIcmk-couom. Gra9' bms sntCraet. etre,-'-s Wyatt v. -it ewooer-asilu .abt o, Licens ed I'hkir hea ous au-nd semblye termn, ltetmto ressrs. (coing Cireit,s-mstre Nrew-road, dPa-ticiugln,ans obthe rprycnm-a,ineda the sat o lr rmey30 C. R. C. FURBER. will SELL by AUCTION-, at th aI. the LMat on Tnesday, June 17. a' 12 for L .h byoder of the Cuto priin the Li-enSEdHPuLchuD a DWELL cmhl61SEardms 29.Cirus-S srepect.blet to essrs. (otine,wrat f£00 per annum':als teieshehldf heldal for 7anuexfred eiTrm, t. sPas round arentsbe. Theprm,i,ersm. be tiee, -ar-d particu.Lars onb~teiineda thisesMart; aofve adverisneyd0 anty an at thoae.O a:Trt-isc-dl, invWrick-cle courtim.(tr'sin In Chanery.-- Wyatt v. adwsl'Bnaik.lueomIl- __ LaeodIvestment. i,jR. C. PUP.DER will SE LL b- AUCTI ON, at th-e ILMart. en Tne,ulay- June 17. at 12 for L oder o the Careti es ofth respctabe teant t te to ren uf 3 the reanm n nhl o In Chancery.-" Wyatt v. Halwod"Rusl-s chtechapeIn- S-alvestment. 1IR. C. FURBER will SELL by AU CTION, at the ItL Mart. On Tuesday, June 17. at 12 forE un'hoder 0 the drct-Ionoft-ne Russellsure. P whcILs i o o ease toAGEnt orTfIthIeNT highestc resec tbeilg2ity at£12ers-annum, and isaheld c tor~ lthreIndueo atEern at am grond Proent. Tics houseai toan gounly beattiewedy bermissidn afd teonant land oballnfudhe palrtiuas teda ts at o r rey 0 MSauchesml,tnbIldi Catnc eteryl ne; of aess Lyon-.e Barnes and e- Kils ipiogt -grens flMr.ghu Dheoslcd 2t . p rsae=-stroetbuidng ciy:an ETIThe P a tsen officesi. Warwic-ourt Tray s-intn, 1ho In Oancey.-"yas v. taelwoo'-Feehld fora ne Whitechapel Small Investmentt.,e tnim oi FUREER wil SELL by AUCTION, at th Chanscry, a FREEHOLD for I. -en,itero ,of the. bnt of MESSUAGE orct,NEMrg', :1Dlesitruaten Racbaez.et-strf-xeet -F nvOesptment of aIcnvenitent adwel iJR. C. FURBER isintrlSineite to ferbliC COMptiLL PtiTIONA the th tMtoart, on T uiseayeun1.a, . I h 1m7th pevofLl July.se af 12 for ivae.lta, the sonrtdwll-b-lt GROULND-ILEATSE ,fi thore ougmmtnntand nd doeoratPEIveSrepar, el for ant.iepree tearmy ofac3kgyears ata ep;ssn rr reittnt. andadirk oabcossuabltenfoatbtnk lease, imatSemee stablte rent. ofhe1 Prermannum a ir s w el vitaewead ay ELev orfin textenant. amigh bettar,wt conditd n.ouftions mofsale hatrcivo prossrtis.i Fidir Jaohson,abld MasrterAs,a esolciors, i,nDve-strenti Grosvenor-uarke;l ato the rst-t;and. atbthe auton oluice~si Warrwickcourt, Gasy's-irn.o o t,,e dsiou o Bereu-stret -Fo Occuationor In esmient. ehec GloeterF5 `lC. aU B R sintdoe ton Order n to cpoi-b .Lttio.a th Mat,on uesay Jue 1, tJe1 M5 MuIs adpeviusy dispsed f bypuvae cotra-i, te vauabesGR 2f Rele LaSEaifs thos comandig coer P-IEMSES,3)2,B Lontdonee, nurearl facing the Polytechnic Instituafterion,anadiblaapefoahnk a H Titig hxpne might-charconverted tintoon 'bout 0f the ms-atatv properties al in thisfsinbe reourt. As aleseholad invesrtmen this etowgte eefso thsfasioble~ ro Glounete,Th premiesbae tthelda recor anduexire terhoaou7 years.,t ground awrdent Particulars and cnition of sae obtienyable orn tharemises;ae h ar;ada teucinone lotre . in tW Qar sIckcon, Graynr'sinn,ven n h cT GlcatrhfeadWorcester.b r Hgs, tre,PUi-onerapp oiante fodr ofthe High ConTurtofy Chanery bearin dat h hdy of June . S6 a o 1835coc, madeb htis Donour cpthe Masee of th Rols,in tgheU, ciauses of ' Iteaetagains UPtonD AOr"a-B Mr.h CfH arLeS, FItablRte. ati ctincr pponte for he urpse,at te Actin Mrt, in thetyof Lndon onlTuesday, the 17th day of ~ ~ O June, ISfid, at 2 fork 'lc i h 3ftron in one lot, ~ ~ ~ ~ n h PrshofSrod TPI{ Tithe ent-charge exceptingeholdetltO) eofsithe ,LPrlr ofOxehal. i th contyof loensteri. and neardowth tosenof Neear, nd siht mies frm Hloesr paybl toli taih lay rhetrormand m entlioriato an lt Ddwhic hay bee awared ato44 persoa nappiaiomnsbc to the seenansn y hea' cornaeragses,ZUPm a evee ls,c inonetoMr.13at the,StarIn.ofUpton-upon-Seve arn.,itecouanty 0con Turrly. th In's hda of June,d a 1t36 cat"forRao'coki the fteo atheRnoo,l caiAl FreM-l wlighue ihsei e-te rne scAou ard, Chauncer&-line o ' srxThsJni u Sons, of Millman-pl ce, Bedford-row, London. solic-,t4r,- Messrs Ridsdale and Craddock. soliciturs, C,Gray'-inn-eqn,ar; IMessrs. ll. anid Hunit. New Bo,;well-COsurt. Carey-street; Mfes-sr. Bullock and Croekett 51 Linne 'se-isnn-jf-elds. Mess-rs. Chaplin and Co., 3, Gray'sinn-sauare; ltr. Miles M1anning Scale, cooper. Upton-upot-'Fevern; Mr. J. F. Symouds. Hereford: Messrs. Thouims and Lewis. Tesekesbury; Mfr. John Stallard. Worcester: M1esrs. Laakin and Swinburn. Worcester. surreyors: and of 'Mr. Hirgs, the auctioneer, Worcester; and at Mr. C. Frbers offcez, in Warwick-conrt. Grafs-inn. L ondon Grafton-street, Bond-street.-The modern Fumiture and Appointments of a cent3erna.'s Town RResidence, including splendid csaved ant gilt suitesI, large ('orsole and Pier Tables. noble Glasses, muguificent COb ndeller, and expensive Cabir,et Cot.age PlianoforOe. R1. C. } JRBElt has been instructed to SELL by M AUCTION, on the Premise', 8, Grafton-strect. on lVednesday, Jume 1E, at 11 for 12 precisely,on acco^nt of the r.umber of lots. (in consequence of t-he le,ae expiring At itdsumsmer-day.) the whole of the valuable CON~TEXTS of this t.EStDKNO%(E. Tito draw~ing and reception3roomsare superblyfurnished in ricblygilt cab.iole.suite,,band. some walnut-woodasnd rosewoDo centre and occasional tables, botidoir arriingtables, rosewood suites, Trefittingsofthe diningroom and library consist of a handsomepedesaal sideboard.set of telescope-frame dining tables, c-ets of cbairs and easy chaira in morocco leather, library table, bookcases: the bea- and secondary bed chamu .-s ame supplied with every comafort including mahogany wardrobes chiests of drawer marble-top asronostamn, toilet and choval glasses, mahogany fourpoat-and French bedsteads. prime goose feather beds hair anid -wool rnattnsea and theusual appendags of entrancehsate and staircas ; china, gla, plted articles. &c.. and the-whole of the reneral eouxsites for the servats' offier,andniumerous effects. Mnybe viewedlthe day prier and morning of sale, and deseriptve talogues b osan the p-remBies, and at the auctonh offices in Wa - ieccourt, raay's-ir,. Decliningthh BuGdanegss.-Extede n saeof 3earlnt.0'valuable Doohme, about 400 Foiho and Quarto.-By Mr. C. N. WuIGHT. on the Premiser, Long-row, Nottingham, on Monday and Tuesday, June 2 and 3d. at 10 O'clock, Very valuable Collection of Books, cotasistingof nut. A -dverous topographical, ecclesiastical, historical, botanical classical ecchanicaL astronomisal, theological sientifihbio..t-aphicaltaws,eeal die,- and other Taluable books, among whicb are Plotts' HiotoyY of Oxforisbire. B3rady's Insects-. History of the Popes, Athesme Oxnniensla. Camden's Britannia, Newrcourt 'A Repertorium. Syoerman's Works, Bmrnett's History of his own Time:- Histories of Bath, Bristol, Taunton. Doyer. Newcastle, York, Thmetford, Hull, Colchester Cambridge and--Conty Glagow Tobride Wlls Penant's various Worksg, Ground Rents, Newinigton, Surrey, neaily equal in value to fieshlsd. MESSRS. H. BROW2N and T. A. ROBERTS wil. Ail SELL bY AUCTyION, at theitArt. on FridayXe May0, at 12, ja, one lot, G'ROUN RE?.'Tr. amounting to £27 Ifs, per nnaum.-fsr T4 Years. amply secured, an)d atising from 12 houses, and sbops in Uxb,idgei-re.z and-ttxbeidne.p aD.-ewington, Surrvy., May be Tiewed, and-printed Par`icntsr. hadofMemers Jcnkin!on. Sweetlng. and Jenkinson, 77, ClIement's-tine, -I mbn-rd-stgeet. and of Mesars. Henry Brown and T. _A, Robert%, 22. Throgmiorton-Street. iv2 ELl,by tJnilON at he art. onFriday. Mtay 20, at 12, a C0:sveneut brik-boil Dl LLIG-HOUS, pleasantly situate at 292, Rolowa-plce,theeunh sde f te minHoIloway-road. near the ranwy usage Cotaiing ourbet oon, tree sitting roons.' and z11 requsit doestc osceegarensin ronandin the rear, geeenhou,e. he.Maibe iewd. nd ritedparicuarshadofF. N. Devey, Re,q.. olsT.A B4 l-.c.HTen n fSea~ enry Browns and. 'SRS H. BROWN a-nd T. A. ROBERTS-%vfll order of th e hloetmge, - ocell-serured tEZiTAE, of £'i4 per~ annum, riigfrnaca.i-tal residence, lii, Tpper Berksley-igres; hetld for eb ter, heeofI yeais wifti be unexpiredl at Mlidsummer next, at 2a grounad ce,t of £6 per annium, ar-t leased for the v bole term (lees 10 days) at £E70 per an-um. May be. dewed by leave of the teuaiat, aid printed p,rticuinra had of Mr. W. his att, eolicitor. 31, Throgrmortonstreet;- at the Mart; andL of Messrs IL Lrow.n and T. A. R-ober'a, 22. Thro,morton-Fetreet. Commeernil-coad, Is. G.eorge~s in the tast.-Compact Leasehela 1TJESSRS. H. BROW-N and T A. ROBERTS will LTSEIL by AUCTION, at tle Mart, on FIiday. a rt3"31, ati12, a d.esiralLe LEA-ISEHOLD P-ROPERTY, compriEing a. dwelling-house and shop. L Pa-urunhaplsce, .Race-road, Comnnercial.road; also a dwelling-house and snop andfourbhouse-in Des-onport-street, opposite Arbonraiqenre. and adjDining Parnhaus*lare,in the oreipationof respeotsitil~e waan.tse-treL2a amounting to£i"2212s. peranniuo,,andlield fr6 a ems--ref it years are unexrdred at a grounid reut of £2er an.- uieni. May be viewed, nd printed particularshadofMYr. Wm..M3a.tt, &isslcisr. 3 L Thcogmnnetoa-street; at the Mart; awl of Messrs. H. Biro-ie,an T. A. r~oberts. 22. ThFogrnores,,-street. Hiam=esceauieh.-The (lrove.-Convement F-amily Residence, withi Ar47SSRS. H. BROWNN and T. A. ROBERTS will Te.ELL by AUCTION,. at the Imiatt on Friday. May 30. at 2 hy 'jicerot the prnpreetor, goinig abroazv, a ruperftor brick-built send. deinched RESIDENCE, ofbhandsome elevationand r,e:.santy situate, Ne,.'20 Verulamn-terncar, the Grove- ttamimemmith, adapted for arFe. speotalsle f amily; containiing Five bed moms, dressirg roomn drawler, dining. sad breanfast rooms, excellent domestic nEro.., wsdKii gardeA -ant fore-coast ; held for 97 years t%bexpirel, at a ground reint of £E5 anacin . My be viewed, anid prmitaed particulars had of M1kessirs. Hev .-r im T. A-. Rolecrts,i. egmrs.re. .Clnhamonunn,~iee-int deithe Faily Iesidence, AsitisCoacls. house. Stabling, Garden,&o. - 1IJESSIRS. H. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS wvill it,ShLLby AUCTION, atthie Mast, ont Friday, May30., atIll. ,mothe residence of SIrs. Clav'erig, deceased, pleasantly situate on the east aidde of Nigatingale-lane, a Ie pware.. fromu (Papnam-ccumon. The preienste are im excellent order, and contain. eightbed chambers draw.- mgt anoddiniwg molms5 library, entrance ball and vestibule, niumerous domestic oftice, conveniently arranged, large raved carriage yard, d,tache,l stabbag, coach-housie, -aith loft and mnen's room over, a welt pl m,ted garden, tool houise, &r. , the whole comprising upwarde of one ncero Tohbeviewed by ticlibtaonly. Printosdpartirulars may beland of Brown. and T.- A. Roberto, 22, Throgniorton-street, of whom tickets to view mnay b e haA! lu ana-ry.- trump v. Bryanti"-In the Mlatter of the ifetate (f John Cramp, t,ecensned. '% SSRS. H. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS will eNLSELL by AUCTIO'N, at the Mdart, on Wednesdaiy. June 11, at 12. in iota, with the appr,Ibation of, and purfant to an order of tbe Master of t-he RinUs. made in this caise, LEA&SEHOLD ESTATES. compr4ienz a dwvellin-hoase and sh',,p with pos,session, No, 53, Highst,-eet. Whiteehapel 100w forming r:at of No, 52), held for an sunexpired term of about 17 years, at £10 r-er annmem; three daseiling-houREeo (trwo -ith siops), Noa. B. 12. and 13, Moont-terrace, New-rosde,Vbhiechapel, let at rents, amou,,ting to -45A per anumm. held for an smnex~:E. fern of 41 Years at £7 per annum; andc Six Dwelling-bhsuses anda hes?os. 1, 2, 3, 4, i, sand 7, Portagal-pianee Cambridge-road, Mileeni ,s trct 1onrn o£74 25. par annum, andI held for an amnIexplire-i ternaoilS years at £ttipcr annm. Maylteviewred,and prisited. paricinr fad ertii a te oliesof Messers. Jenkiu,on Swe,tin, solicitors lmn'-ae iy fI.A 5oilgito..- 19. ,Yonn-!:ret,e Bedford-row; nf Willianm StohiEr, E-,.' solcit-or, 52. C~ieapsile; ofG.s Rt. JaIlnet. B!s,.. solicitor. NeW-inn, Strand; at theMrt anid of Meac, . Bro'wn andI T. A. Roberts, 22, Tbrog-I mLorton-street. citl-. I Bruit oot of Lft pee anum. fo 'Years. oni th (3rosVeDorkEstate. 'JR. ELGOOD will SEL,a.te r,onTsiesdlav, IlLJjnoi,sy order of the Exectrso I,I zWlh,F.. dleceaseo, in onefl,.a a-e: situate LEAIiI-L TsAEo HOUSES an-d SHOP.-. 4,e_ . 7 and 31. North-row. orth Andlley-Etrect, and WVeave's p1lace sstic.inlinp. let to coot tenants a moderate reals, aind producing a seCUre net rental of zEifd per Rrannes; unexaired term. 34 Years, Printe,l 1*rtienlara to be h-ntat the Mart; of Messrs Bray.Warren.amd Harding. soii7r,h. Great 1tusse2l-street ; and at Sir.EiguoXF; omicE s 93, Wiclpate-street, LIfoi-re aronmi far 16 yea-s. on athe Portland lta,,St. MaIrrlebone. VR ELGOOD wil SELL, attlioMar-t, on Tuesday, AL11-Ji---e 3. y oeder ." he Executers of MIrs Smith, deceased, ans cligibe LTzAt11lOL1) PIIOPEILTY, comptising the spacious preinises No. 1. Bemn-re. acentral locnality near Devonsbire-plare. Re-ent's-nark. &Rn, hsld ftc IS years, at l1g. per annum, and recently let on Fseats, to M.r. Marvic, eoazlhmaker, for thewboleterm, a,ta losr rduied nez ren, of 73 Per anumi, the lessee having put the P.enslses into ccpasir. Partiesiars, when risady, at the Mart ; of Mr. Randall. 56, Wel. beck,-iti-eet; and of Mir. Ellgood. 54, Whapale-street. tisrlr-3 Hence, New-read Re:veats-park- N.rR,.ELGOOD 4isinstructed to SELL by AUCTIOIT, JluWednesels. .Tune 4. and iotowing dlay, the capital FUIINITURP,E .etI Et'l T,ECTS, incin di ng br5.ss and o the r bedst eads a nd bed. 01ing. sneci' wnedI and ether wvardrobes, and chamber articles, in genecral, a v-riety of draw-ing room ferimture, but not a comaplete suite. glaseS.lams, rnanonisiitem, drngmomandlibaryfurniture of she,esdenc,pton soe pctues.sevralcabnet, atIother valu- 2 I. . D. PER solicitorascd auctioneer, is Lk~ected to SELL hy AUCTION, at, the Miart, on 'Wednesday, June 4. at, ti. a bricit-built DWELL119G.HIJOSE, Nlo. 10G. GrovestreE,t. Camden-town. let to a highly respect-ible tenant, at a. rent oE ;MS. -nandbeig held for an tuiminpiredl term of 66 a-ears. ata P,ent of £4 Ili, StaIy be viewred by leave of ilhe tenant, and particulars and conliiotie of sale may be obtained atthe Mart; and of the auctionieer, 45, Vmcnlsqu-ssare. WosAnisaster. WVan-1rw,,t'i.-F,reeboll Buidn ad - T-T . D. DRAPER, soliito ad auctioneer, is AFLVintrcted to SELLbv AUCTION, at (be 'Mart, on Wedniesday, Ju,ne 4at ;a-,1 a mostdesidrable plot of FREE-HOLD LAIND, between Parlk T-avern nd T'Iley'.. Ledge, fronting the IMerton-roaA. andc within, an ea~'dst::,tanc,Iof the Wauda,voeth nid Wimebledon Railway 5tstioiu,. containig a frontage of 135 feet and a depth of 200 feet. admirably adaptedfror-rillaresidencfss, or for an inn or lirst-clacs lublc-biouEe. severat rta being now in co-are of erection in the immediate rei I,bournts, Te lnd c cmepletely enclosed by a woodenebad on the narth by a leto hhn rs,adssr ddb beauiu scenery, a-ad lately omdpr fWmlso-ak atrlr n condWittos of sale en eotie tteSet tteRs n Crown In: IandFwoth th tc n, rw Tvr.Wib'dn and of the ~ aletioneer, 45, Viocent-sqir-,Wsmntr * ahsma-cawmz,-n -Calital Buzirness Proeinec. RH.1.DRAPERZ, solicitor and auctioneer, wll ioffer for SALE by pimbhe AUCTION, at the Mart.oW, iely June 4. at 12. a brick-buoilt DWELLIN~G-HOUSM and SLHOP on the south side of Claphaml-common. suitable for a bookseller's, stationer 4o clirculating library, glass, chins, or toy shop, or almcet any other bust. ness. being in the centre of a populous ned first class aeighhourbcod ; the premises ,orsiatinp- of a sho:2P. fititl with a pinto-glass douible frnn% and other necessary- ulttings, parlour. drawing roam, four bedrxooms, kithelsen &e., with Yard, ly:7e w,orkshop over, cellarage. aind other con-. v-enie-ste. 'nmomand rain water and drainage int,othe sewer. May b's viewed by:ipplicatiou to SIr. Taylor. upholsterer. Clapbaun-cromon oo anid pelctiirulursnailonditions of sue oubLtanedof ham: attheMlartand of iies-.--einmrusr,4. 4 Vinenet-squarc, Wsatiminster. W"inthlddoi. Swi-cey.-Frchlald BuilduLa. -IV,WR. H. D. DRA-PER, solicitor and atictioneer,, £VJL wci1 offer for SALE by AUCTION, at the Mart, onWNednesday, Juine 4. at 12. a plot of vlad FREEHUoLD BUILDING LAND, (lend tax red3eemed), lately p-art of Cottonbamu.park.- close t* IWimble- ouncromnn_andw,tbinua sor dis'ranr-eo05the Vimblemon Station of the Sauth-esern IRailway, and OPPoslite thle intended noev etation, continig toexoave fontgesof 12 eetated 124 feet. most adimiraly aapte forvila cuidenes, urrondI sjnail Fides by some of the ostdelghtul ceney, nd ein on ofthe most Ihealthy spots int teCouLntsg4- o rey.-E Pe- Ie ndcn Itionsosl mayned b XR. A. RIC AD wl EL by AUCTION. onx AlV the Pr3mitr;. 21lecesatet o-meos,-, ay27W. at Ii' POO0 apta STOC!cltglS 5stae of limnber and biarikd fhooemttdro 7-ails maisuftig Setet--!st,rgter and othersto-Feq tattoflainfa,gutr,cse',ndPips irote fet:es. 10.0 plat ic.as t aeil.Pa beviwd Catalu.-%es ol,tainedofsl,i.Ga,ett agent 1, Southamptona. stree,t, S trand : and ofSeactoer ''teh in, Tst'enA:ae.-Fls'reelmITlH-us s'cpry Iaud-tax ra semed. 'Nif. A. PRrCHA-RDS will SELL by AUCT10ON, at MarIs ,let on Thuc-lAay. June 19. at 12. a PAIP of semi dietacede, COTTAGES, wTith fore-courts an;d goalI gardlens. situate in Tottenbfam-green-parlir; let t- IMAes-srs. Lesrinton artil Llisteridge. at £21 pe- rwanr,n. Stay be view.~ed six, days prior to sale. when parti,culars iamy bez obtained of Henry KCnight, Esq., solicitor, 21, Bucklersbury, ant E dmonto,;ando thaciner Tottea hatas. W%inchn>sce-h_-1ll, ltloto.Eii: reedProperty siCthe Wae MR. A. P-ICI{RD ilSL by AUCTION, -it LYl. the Mlart. onThnla,Jne1,t 12. by direction of the Trzustees, in two Iota, slREre-e-.l n latEd 1HO UrIS, in sub- stret.Selfsd-m ; t t me tat.;sai ot-ie untion~er. Totteabam. I T1c Cirsulrtn Lircis Furniture oBrusesa .d others i IR HA J)wl SELL by AUCTION, at lis aboutZM ltvl. of BOOKS, be~iingthe contents of a liteary. removed from Anton. under diF:tress9 for rent : also the genuiine sernrd-lmand Funriturc aacd Effects. removsed for conveniienceofn sale. Qitalogu. g mabei'hs-,alt the coonsine:and at the eslice of this auctioneer. 102, Lussstot imlico. To Book Dealers FurnitureBres,t. ~IRTHAVE -will SELL by AUTO, htis lTLBooa-mat 9, lC~b~a.Chsl'e,TI VEIG t ARA,'BIA~N and otherBDTAS esadbdig xedn andl otaer dining tbe,et fcar,csce,lug, rsf~ tables, fYI -eels. o bok,so xsr' itof i rce,ad Ibe usual items; the greae patudrdsritfrrn.T evewed Catalogues to be obanda teros ada h omo h uetioneer. 153. Lm,.pin,tet.Penio Gold and Copper '.Vning Sharms jjjR. JONSON wMSELL by UCTION,at the May 28 asI exact. time, 7.9 10 FORFEtTED SA ES in tte LON - DON aol VIRGINIA GOLD and COPIPER 70tISINtI COMPANY, on 7.716of which IIs, 3d. l,avea been pal, ad auLl on1 of wrhich its. tier' share have bees pai,l. Foe particulars apply as above, oeat the offilce ValuaU:e Frothold Prapert.y. iu M-h _trect, kVhiteChapel, let at Did rents, prodar,inme ozt£ perannum j1,ESSRS. 1WARLTERS and LOV1EJOY are in- il f stisc-I to SELL by AUCTION. at Garrawayf,F on Tursday, Jll,e 17. atl2, in four Iota, the folloiig FREEHOLD HOUSPES and PREMISES, all let on lenses to old and ubsbtantal tenants. at low reams:-LotL The extensire Premises, Wo. 2d. High-street, Whitechapel, extending n early S/' feet in depth, in the occspation of SIr. Seddon, grocer, at £120 per annum. Lotli. The valumableFreehold Punlic-bone. known ns theWVbite SwaT,. No. 'O. High-street. in thio OCCuPstilOn of Atr. BurIdoL-t aeeantoflSyeaAr'standding. at therent Of ;iftper arrou. Let 3 Thee capital flOcer'S Shop and wrrilinghouse. No. °;. Higil-strect, Whitecharsel. in thke ecuration of Mr. Shotter, at £SS per annimm Lot 4. The eztensive Yard anil Stabling, knowU as the 97hite Swan Yard, with back entrance from Nelsotistret. let to fIr. Boston, atISOper annum; aloD 12 rtbstanlial Tene. iuetits N,c I to 12, in NYtWIte Swan-yard, let tol r. Shoarell, ati64 per ansiuns. All the e-ssees co-enoiit to repair. uphold. instere, sa lpay a'l rates an itaxes. This freh '.d prop-rty, 1eing of the frEt character in Point of situation, oFers a most eligible and secure investment far capitalistsi May be viewed by leave of the tenants. Particulars Obtained at Garraway's; ot ide. Peacock, sociD-tor, 7, Grays-innrquare; and of theauctioneer. 55. Chrncery-lane. Hyde House, Edmonton, Middlese.l-Excellent Furnsture. Plate, Linen, Paintings, Stuffed Birds and Reftilesa Biliardi Table, rare Al1s ad Greetutmsre Plants. Carriages Horseg, Cov& re. THOM4AS COMi?TON has been favoured w%ith in- T structions from time A-dministrator of the late Sir misnmsh MNash St. SELL by AUCTIO-N, withost. reserve, Onathe Rremiz-es, Hfyde Side, Edmonton, on Tuesday7. JIme 3. sALd two following days, at 11 each day, all the genuine HIOUSEEHOLD FURIJIIIURE, coMPrisinrg mahogany faur post and other bedsteads, capital fether bel, mattresses, bodiing, and the uiual reqitisited for four principla n,.d sPx secondary bed chambere, numerous pier and chimney, gIassm' large Brnssels and Turkey carpst, dining, on. andofa tablesa grd Patent sostenente by Mott, Indian tables; chess boarda, and orrsenit. fnllsized bhmlisrd table hy Seedon, oil paituings and erngreings, elegantlycrut glss aud chinr. warderobe of fine liren, and good nsrortaseTt of cilinary articlea, abouit 1,0ojo o7 of plate, and -arioems elega3t t plated articles, greenbouse plant', comprising ioeg of rarc grOWr,L orange and lemon trees, cameli em, araleas, cacti. tc. exceilentilairy snd brewing ntensil', pair of swans, handsome cots and PigS fosn-bnilt lauldau, doub!e.bodied foUmr-whte-h ChaisZ. nuil pbraetor. dog-at. pair bay carisice hores,',rmedes implements, and eariomsalsnabe effeclse Mlav be viewed on fSaaturday mid onday prior to the sale. rnd atalognues baien the premises: at the princpal i,nStimenreighbommhr,od; and at Themas dJogn sucton acd esdgbe ,6eni eftices, 76d elema. F*s^ X- ,, . .
