DE TOCQ67EVILLkS FRAINCE BEFO-RE T THEEVO,UION OFy1789;* ': It is rarely prudent to hazard a prediction inless circumstances conspire to renderthe event inevitable. On the present occasion, nevertheless, we predict with unwonted confidence that the fame of 1L de Tocqueville wil go on increasing, and that posterity will enlarge the verdict of his--contemporaries. His reputation is already enviable, for his work has leen such in its scope and purpose that his readers were his debtors. To seek to frame what Lord. Bacon would term a calendar of the tempests of State, to analyze with that view his own aae and its tendencies, to gauge the currents and mark the strong set of its democracy, is to help his contemporaries to that partial control over the future Twhich is implied in an increased consciousness of our actual position, and ina scientific foreknowledge of its normal consequences. MSost men are fond of power, and even power is conferred by such additions to our political science as those acquired for us by De Tocqueville. Moreover, this service is a distinction of the rarest description. Other men of his age have left splendid literary trophies, but he has applied the Baconian method to current politics with the aptest discernment and the most practical influence. How patiently he has worked with a view to distant results his great anatomical preparation of American society-for such we nmay term it-is a well-known testimony. And now he is pursuing the same principles through more familiar examples, yet extracting from the latter evidences -which we -were not aware they could furnish. Yet all this is but the scaffolding of a further work, which shall take iup and estimate the bearing of these examples upon our future, and which shaU complete and crown these philosophic labours with their final fruits. The fame of one whois identified with such labours, and who is looking for such fruits, can weU afford to ripen slowly,-can afford to wait, if even in his own person MI. de Tocqueville should illustrate his guiding conception, that " the destiny of men is far more obscure than the destiny of nations." His contemporaries are at all events prepared to do him this iustice, that nowhere else can they find such perspicuous treatment of a similar subject. His method is elucidation itself, his statements are analyses, his dissectipns axe discoveries, and his reasonings are demonstrations. As compared with the generalizations of others, and those some of the most eminent of his countrymen, his generalizations have this superiority-they not only condense, but they clarify the subject matter; they are weighty, substantial, compact, and yet definite and clear as crystals. Through such crystals, which are, so to speak, so niany lenses, his subject is exhibited more clearly if obscurLe, more closely if remote, and more distinctly and with more detail if delicate and minute. By such instrumentality we obtain revelations which are truly smuprising, and which provide us, as in his-work on America, with truer conceptions than we possessed previously of the nature of political society. WVe there behold the whole framework of the State, with its vital organs and energies in operation before us, and a spectacle is obtained analogous to the exhibition of transparent creatures as seen through a raicroscope. In this examination of the French Empire previous to its dissolution there is the same full and clear illumination of its condition, the same accurate exhibition of its organism, and the same certain evidence of its diseases and of the causes of its dissolution. The subject is different, but the mastermind, the index and instrument of our information, is the same. He shaU himself state what the nature of his work here has been, and what also have been its objects and peculiar result. " I have undertaken to reach the core of this state of society under the old monarchy of France, which is still so near us in the lapse of years, but concealed from us by the revolution. ror this purpose I have not only read over apain the celebrated books which the 18th century produce, I have also studied a multitude of works less known and less worthy to be knoviwn, but which, from the negligence of their c6mposition, disclose perhaps even better tha more finished productions the real instincts of the time. I havo applied myself to investigate thoroughly all the public documents by which the French may, at the approach of the Revolution, have shown their opinions and their tastes. The regular reports of the meetings of the States, and subsequently of the provincial assemblies, have supplied me with , large quantity of evidence. I have especially made great use of the instructions drawn up by the three orders in 1789. These instructions, which form in original a long series of manuscript volumes, will remain as the testament of the old society of France, the supreme record of its wishes, the authentic declaration of its last intentions. Such a document is unique in history. Yet this alone has not satisfied me. In countries in which the administrative government is already powerful, there are few opinions, desires, or sorrows-there are few interests or passions, which are not sooner or later stripped bare before it. In the archives of such a government, not orly an exact notion of its procedure may be acquired, but the whole country is exhibited. Any stranger who should have access to all the confidentia; correspondence of the HIome Departmuent and the Prefectures of France woulld soon knowmore about the French than they know themselves. In the 18th century the administration of the country, as will be seen from this book, was highly centralized, very powerful, prodigiously active. It was incessantly aiding, preventing, permitting. It had much to promise-much to give. Its influence -was alreadv felt in a thousand ways, not only on the general conduct of affairs, but on the condition of families and the private life of every individual. Moreover, as this administration was without publicitv, men were not afraid to lay bare before its eyes even their most secret infirmities. I have spent a great deal of time in studying what remains of its proceedings, both at Paris and in several provinces. " ' There, as I expected, I have fou nd the whole stracture of the old monarchy stiU in existence, with its op:nions, its passions, its prejudices, and its usages, There every man spoke his mind and discitsed his innermost thoughts. I have thus succeeded in acquiring information on the former state of society which those who lived in it did not possess, for I had before me that which had never been exposed to them. " As I advanced in these researches I was surprised perpetually to find again in the France of that time many of the characterisnic features of the France of our own. I met with a multitude of feelings which I had supposed to bo the offspring of the Revolution-a multitude of ideas which I had believed to originate there-a mrltitude of habits which are attributed to the Revolution alone. Everywhere I found the r"'sts of the existing state of French society deeply embedded in the old soi. The nearer I came to 1789 the more distinctly I discerned the spirit wlhich had presided over the formation, the birth, and the growth of the Revolution; I gradually saw the whole aspect of the Revolution uncoven before me; already it announced its temperament-its genius-itself. There, too, I found not oDly the reason of what it was about to perform in its first effort, but still more, perhaps, an intimation of what it was eventually to lea-v behind it. For the French Revolution has had twvo totally distinct phases,-the first, during which the French seemed eager to abolish everything in the past; the second, when they sought to th re a portion of what they had relinquished. Many of the laws and political practices of the old monsrchy t.hus suddenly disappeared in 1789, hut they occur again some years later, as some rivers are lost inthe earth to brst forth again lower down, and hear the same waters to other shores. " The peculiar object of the work I now submit to the public is -to explain hy this great revolution, which was sn preparation at the same time over almost the whole con. tinent of Europe, broke out in France sooner than elsewrhere; why it sprang spontaneously from t.he society it was si,out to destroy, and, lastl,P how the old French monarchy came to fall so completely and so abroptly." It is notoriouls that the French Revolution wvas so little foreseen that its history may for ever teach modesty to philosophers and statesmen. Practical men, such as Frederickthe Great, failed to perceive what was coming, and were almost in contact with it without perceiving it. The sovereigns of Germany at Pillnitz in 1791 did, indeed, proclaim that a danger menaced Royalty; but, as M de Toequeville shows, "theybelievednothing ofthekind." Their actions prove that they thought the contrarv - while it is equally clear that more acute persons who apprehended a change of some sort were equally mistaken as to its nature. Arthur Young thought it might increase existing privileges. Buirke predicted that it would enervate and almost annihilate France. Among the numerous instructions to the delegates of the States-General, M. de Tocqueville can find but two which manifest some degree - of apprehension of the people. The preponderance of Royalty was chiefly dreaded till the real dangerr became manifest and assumed dimensions which appalled and overwhelmed its spectators. Thereupon the Revolution was regarded as a monster, described as " a hideous phantom" invested vith a " Satanic character," and submitted to with somewhat of the religious terror which Salvian felt at the incursion of the barbarians. It is M. de Tocqueville's fuinction to show that it wsas not so unprecedented; so subversive, or so pregnant with new forms and ideas as it was imagined tobe; and for this purlose he remarks that we are now standing at the precise point whence this phenomenon can best be judged. The remarkable proof of these statements forms the substance of his ample volume. In the first' place, Al. do Tocqueville shows that the Revolution was not mainly a a movement for the destruction of - religious authority, * On the Stce ofSoietyin Franc6 beJore the Bevolution of 1789, and on the Cawscs which lced to thtet . nt. By AlIe:s de Tecquieville, member of the French Academy, TcnBJ.%±td by Henry 1Reeve. London: MErr3y, 1856.". though it had the one chief characteristic of religious revolutiong,hthat it was not confined tWtie limits of the country in which it oricginated. Mny nations were simultaneously diip6sed to receive it, and this seemed an extraordinary phenomenon. If, however, we revert.to the middle ages, -we shali find - what M. de Tocqueville terms a "prodigious sinai- larity" between the institutions of these differeat nations. Society was. divided in the same manner, and the same gradation of classes subsisted in each. The municipal constitutions were alike; the rural districts were governed in the same method; the condition of the peasantry differed but little; the land was owned, occupied, and tiled after the s3me fashion, and the cultivators were- subjected to the same burdeni. From the confines of Poland to the Irish Channel, the lord's estate, the manorial courts, the fiefs, the quit-rents, feudal service, feudal rights, and the corporations or trading guilds were all alike. In the 14th century the social, political, administrative, judicial, economical, and literary institutions of Europe were more nearly a1;in to each other than they are at tre present time, when civilization appears to have opened all the channels of communication, and to have levelled every obstacle. It is not necessry to inquire from what cause,s this ancient constitution of Europe wasted and decayed, but it is sufficient to remark that in the 18th century it -was everywhere falling into ruin. Everywhere, not excepting even England, which had preserved, and as it were enbalZnJed, some of the relics of the middle ages by incorporating them, with new elements, there was a desire to get rid of the remains of feudalism in order to substitate a more uniform and simple state of societyand of politicsbasedupon an equality of socialcondition. The Revolution destroyed, or is still destroying (for it is not yet at an end), every portion of tese remains; but it was not destined to change the -whole character which civilization had previously assumed, or even essentially to alter any of the fundamental laws upon which human society in Western Europe is based. It was by no maeans a fortuitous event, though it toolk the world by surprise, but it was the completion of a Iong process, the violent furtherance of a work which had been going on for generations. If it had not taken place the old political structure would equally have fallen, sooner in one place and later iu another, only it would have crumbled away by degrees instead of falling with a crash. The Revolution accelerated -what was happening little by little-the abolition of the ancient common law of Europe. It did, or is doing this, and nothing further-that is, it assisted in accomplishing what wras going forward bef'ore. A less obvious incident was its outbreak in France rather than elsewhere, andthe characteristics which attended it there, and the explanation of these incidents, will afford the best rationale of its scope and course. It is for this that M. de Tocqueville has made such unusual researches, and to this that he devotes the original portion of his treatise. That the residue of the feudal rights had become more odious to the people in Frace than in any other country is clear, yet whence didthis originate? Serfdom had a'll but disappeared in France, while in Germany it still remained, and, contrary to the iimpression which has long prevailed, the French peasant had not only ceased to be a serf, but had become an owner of land. It has been long supposed that the subdivision of landed property in France dates from the Revolution of 1789, and was only the result of that revolution. The contrary is demonstrable by every species of evidence. Twenty years before the Revolution the agriculttural societies deplored the excessive sulbdivision of the soil. M. de Turgot, Kecker, and Arthur Young remarked it, and 3U. do Tocqueville has been at the pains to test this impression by reconstructing, as far as he was able, the survey of landed property as it existed in France before the Revolution. In the villages for which he has been able to compare the land-tax returns under the law of 1790 with the rolls of the present holders, he has found that the number of landed proprietors at that date amounted to onehalf, frequently to two-thirds of their present number-" a fact which is more remarkable, if it be remembered that the total population of France has augmented by more than one-fourth subsequently to that period." Already the love of the peasant for property in land was intense. The Revolution brought the property of the church and of the nobles into the market, but it did not create the impulse wiich distributed it into small holdings. Though the peasants were proprietors, though they had been released more than in any other part of EuroDe from the government of their lords, revoltionarv passions spread among them not in spite of, but actually in proportion to, the prevalence of this state of things. To explain this seeming anomaly it is necessary, however, to contend against a further misapprehension. It has been commonly supposed that the seigneurs governed the peasantry, and that to the last they retained the administration of the rural districts; but no opinion can be more erroneous. In the 18th century the parochial officers were no longer the agents of the manor or domain selected by the lord, but were nominated by the Intendant of the province, or elected by the peasants themselves. The lord of the domain did not even superintend these officials' administration; he had ceased to act as the representative of the Crowvn in the parish, or as the channel of communication between the King a;d his subjects. All his duties and political rights belonged to others, and it was a general instruction given by the provincial Intendants to their subdelegates, that the seigneur is only the pris7wipal inhabitmit. This was peculiar to France. It is true that the principal nobles still retained the right of having judges who decided certain suits in their namne, and occasionally established police regulations w.^ithin the limits of their domai; but,r practically, this was less a source of authority than a source of income. All the other peculiar rghts of the French nobility had fared in like manner. The political element had disappeared; the pecuniary element alone remained, and in some instances had been largely increased. In the form of labourrents (cors-es), road toDs, dues on fairs and markets, the exclusive rights of sporting, of keeping doves and pigeons, of grinding the peasants' corn at the seignorial mill and of crushing his grapes at the seignorial wine press, in the lods and rontes paid on the transfer of lands w ithin the manor, in quitrents, rentcharges, dues in money or kind, the seigneur's relations to the manorisi proprietors were most onerous and oppressive. 'M. de Tocqueville remarks that some of these tokens of the servitude of tie soil exist in England to this day, but even when they prevailed to a greater extent they did not excite the zame hatred in the hearts of the people. This phenomenon is explained thus :-On the one hand the French peasant had become an owner of the soil, and on the other he had entirely escaped from the government of the seigneur. " What," says M4. de Tocqueville, in illustration of the first cause, "mmatters tithe to a tenant-farmer a re n dleducts it from his rent. What matteBs a rent-| charge to a man who is not the owner of the ground What matter even the impediments to iree cultivation to a man who cultivates for another 9" On the other hand, those who exacted these payments were released fromtheir correlative duties and obligations. They had privileges without powers, r ights without responsibilities. Their feudal charges r~ere not in the eye of the peasant a natural coase(inence of the constitution of the country, and therefore they revolted his sense of justice far more ihan if they had been combined with governing functions. The views of apeasant as tohis situation sue thus esimated and depicted:- "Picture to yourself a French peasant of the 18th century,or, Iniightrathersay, thepeasantnowbefore youreyes. ior the naii is the same; his condition is altered, but not his character. Take him as he is described in the docu- inents I have quoted-so 'passionately enamonred of the soil that he will spend all bis savings to purchase it, and to purchase it at any price. To complete this purchase he aust. first pay a tax, not to the Government, but to other landowners of the neighbourhood, as unconnected as himself with the administration of public affairs, and hardly more influential than he is. Fe possesses it at last; his heart is uaried in it with the seed he sows. 'Tis little nook of ground, which is his ovh in this vast universe, fills him with pride and independence. 33ut again these neighbours call hlm from his furrovw, and comperhim to come to work for them without wages. Ie tries to defend his young crops from their game; again they prevent him. As he crsses the river they wait for his passage to levy a toll. He finds themnat the market, where they selShim thexightof selling his own produce; sad when, on his return home 1e wants to use the remainder of his wheat for his own sust-nance-of thatwheatwhich was planted byhishands, and has grown iinder his eyes-he cannot touch it till he has ground it at the mill aad baked it at the bakehouse of these i sime.men.: A portion of the income of his little property is paid away in quitrents to them also, and these dues can neither be extinguished nor redeemed. " Whatever he does, these troublesome meighbours are everywhere on his path, to disturb his happiness, to inter.! f -re with his labour, to consume his profits; and when these: are dismissed, others in the black garb of the church present themselves to carry off the clearest profit of hisharvest. licture to yourself the condition, the wants, thecharacter, the passions of this man, and compute, if you re able, ths 4 stores of hatred and of envy which e i his j eart.. I Feudalism stll amained the groatest of Xal bce I institutions.of Fanmee, though it ha&veeaed to be., political imstitution. Reduced to these proportiong,.the Xak*d it excited was greater than ever; and it rny be sd&m.th. truth that the destruction of a part of the institations of the imiddle ages rendered a hundred times more odioqz that portion which still survived." Another common error which causes us to dsapprehend the Revolution, and which M. d& Tocqueville also undertalkes to correct, is thisaaministrative centralization was Tot the product,of the Revolutionor of the Empire, aie commoni sai, but existed in a developed form. long before 1 1789. Putting out of the question the Pays d?o, in more than thro6-fourtha of the territory of Prauce the diversity of independent admiistrative authoriI ties was more apparent than reaL In the midst.of thete bodies an a-athority had established itself, in the grasp of which every power was united after a new ashion-this was the King's Council. From this centre was derived the movement wlhicia et everything in motion. This body, possessing9no inherent jurisdiction, composed of persona xof middling or even of lowv extraction, of forrmer lutendaants or other qualified officials, and lost in-the splendour of the throne, to which it stood so -ear, was " at once so powerful that everything came within its scope, and so obscure that it has scarcely been remarked by history." As the wvhole administration of the country was directed by a single body, so nearly the enfire management of home ai&irs was intrusted to the care of a sigle agent, the Controller-General. On opening an abmanack of France before the `evolution it will be found that each provinice had its special Minister, and that it had but one responsible to the Council in each province. Tie 1?Itc?zd-tf, for so this Minister wvas designated, was mn possession of the whole reality of provincial government. All the powers whici the Council itself possessed were accumulated inhis hands, aid he exercised theni al nthe firstinstance. In eaeh canton was placed below him an officer nominated by himself and removable at will, called the Sul-ldsegate. The latter represented the entire government in the small circumscribed space assigned to him as much as the Intendant did in the whole. These offices of the Government were eclipied by the nobility, who were about the person -of the Prince, and who formed his court, commanded his fleets, led his armies, and, in short, did all thatmost attractsthe observation of contem-,oraries, andtoo often absorbs theattention of posterity. They were, moreover, despised asregards their ranil-, and dislilked as the representatives of an upstai power; but they were, nevertheless, the men who really governed France. The ldarquis d'Argenson relates in hsis Menoirs, that one day Law said to him- "I never could have beleved what I saw when I was Controller of Finance. Do you liowthatthis kingdom of France is goveroed by 30 Intendants ? You have neither Parliament, nor estates, nor governors. It is upon 30 Masters of Requests, desuatched into the provinces, that their evil or their good,-their fertility or their sterility, entirely depend."; To commence with the right of taxation, -which includes, as it were, all other rights. Where the taxes-were farmed, the King's Council negotiated with the financial compauies, fixed the terms of the contract, and regulated the mode of collectioh. All other taxes, such as the faile, dic., were fixed and levied by its agents, or under its all-powerful controL Again,itisoftena-matter of astonishment that the French so patiently bore the yoke of the mfiltary conscription of the Revolution and of the Empire; but they had alreadybeen broken in to-it by the mTiitia regulations, which wera also determained by the KEing's Coucil. The King's Council, through.their Intendants, decided upon and managed all1the public w.orks throughout France, all the great roads, and even the cross reads leading from oue town to another; and the Sub-delegates executed these by means of compulsory labour. The mounted police, dispersed over the whiole sulrface of the kinngdome, was everywhere placed under the control iof the Intendants. TL'he C'ouncil issued decrees in contravention even of the regulations made by the judicial bodies on subjects within their jurisdiction. The Council assigned funds for the relief of the pobr which the Intendants distributed. It issued ordinances for the establishment of charitable workshops (atdliers de cha1riM), so that the workshops of the Provisional Government of the last revolution were not such novel institutions as we imagined It undertook to instruct the peasantry in useful arts, caused distributions of pamphliets, founded schools of agriculture, offered prizes, and kept ap, at a great expense, nurser ygrolunds, of which. if distributed the produce. It constrained artisans to use certain methods of manufacture and to manufacture certain artEcles. It prohibited the cult:.vation of certain crops. "So completely," says AL de Tocqueville, " had the Government already changed its duty as a sovereign into that of a guardian" The above was the case of the rural districts ; but although in France municipal freedom outlived the feudal system, even the towns before the Revolution had lost their municipal independence. The municipal offices, or the right oiperpetually governing the townsmen, was sold bytheKing in each town to certain of the inhabitants. The official administrators were thlus rendered irresponsible as a means of relieving the financial necessities of the Crown. If a town would purchase its right of electing its magistrates it was welcome to the bargain, and instances occurred in whichthis right was purchased over and over again as many as seven times in the course of 80 years. The notables who purchased their offices individualy or collectively were nevertheless under the control of orders in Council. "The towns of France at this period could neither estsblish an octroi on articles of consumption, nor levy a rate, nor mortgage, nor sedL nor sue, nor farm their property, nor administer that property, nor even employ their own surplus revenues without the interverntiorn of order in Coancil, made on the report of the intendant. All their public works were executed. in conformity to plans and estimates approved by the Councll. These work awere adjudged to contractors before the intendant or his sab-delegates,. and were generally intrusted to the engineers or architects of the State. These facts will doubtless excite the surprise of those who sapposed that the whole present condition of France is a novelty." From the correspondence of the Intendant with. his subordinate officers it will be seen that the CGovernment had a finger in all the concerns of every town, the least as well as the greatest. 'It even regulated the public festivities, ordered public rejoicings, caused salutes to be fired aind houses to be illuminated. In one instance MIt. de Tocqueville finds that a member of the Burgher Guard was fiied 20 livres by the Intendant for having absented himself from a Te Deum. The officers of these corporations had therefore arrived, says he, at a-becoming sense of their own insignificance. " We most humbly supplicate you, RIonseigneur," (su ch wasfthe style in which they addressed the King's Intendant) "to grant us your goodwill and protection. We will endeavour not to show ourselves unworthy of them by the submission we are ready to show to all the commands of your Greatness." "We have never resisted your will, Monseigneur," w;as the langulage of another body, who still assumed the pompons title of Peers of the City." If we descend to the parish, which onigi~nallypossessed the characteristic:s of a rural township of the United States, it .was governed exclusively by its Collector and Syndic, under the control of theIntendant and his Sub-delegate respectively. Parish meetings were held with the ex-press permiswion of the Intendant, and, as the phrase statd' it, ":under his good pleasure," but they were of little use or importance. The parish could neither lerv a rate, nor sell nor buy, nor let nor sue, without thAe permission of the King's Council. It was necessary to obtain a minute of Coundl to repair the damage caused by the wind to the church steeple, or to rebuild the falling gables of the parsonage. Thus held in tntelage, bent to every caprice, often fined and sometimes imprisoned by their respective. Intendants, the parishioners had little influence in anything that interested them; and a parislh, to use, the definition of Turgot, instead of being a selfgoverned member of the community, was simply "an assemblage of cabins and of inhabitants as passive as the cabins they dwelt in" So little independence was there, in short, for the Revolutionto subvert, and so much of its work, or of the work -which is ordinarly attributed to it, ras really accomplished before it came to pas. (To be continued.) DEwA1TIoI r01O AN. Isbs MErTAX COLLEC T O.- On Friday, the commissioners of income and properky-tax for Blackbur, after an nvestigation, suspended azi4: arrested )fn. dW. B. Illingworth, the collecor of the s*ore dproperttares for the borough. The defatiots h of thisofficeramont to upwardsof1,00 lie wa on the same day lodgeod in Iancaster Cstle. The suretieis wlt almost cover «he entire loss.-iMancdestner £arniner.
1Fras ZONDON GAZETTE of Tues ay, XLi. 2. - - FOBEIGN O-FFICR An.. X. *J-a 1neen bas been p leased to apPrOv3 of Don Severino Prbeina as Consul at Gibraltar for Her MIajesty the Queen Tho Queen has also been pleased to approve of Mr. John <earlicor a osulat Sunderland fow His Majesty the.-Kling * f thee Belgians. WHVITE ALLT, AUG. 23. The Queen has been graciously pleased, on the nomination of his Grace the Earl Marshal, to appoint Edward-Stephen Dandy, Esq., Rouge Dragon Pursuivant of Arms, to be Surrey Herald of Arms Extraordinary. AUG. 21. STe Lord Chancellor has a:ppointed A ndrew W5ebeter, oi lNo. 3, Forth-street, in the c,ty of Ediubusgh, centleman, to be a Commissione6r to a dminister oaths in the *igh Court of Chancery inthat patt of the senitedkingdom of Grea Brian and Ireland called Scotland. NAVAL ]RIZE-MONEY. Notice has been given by the department of the Aceountant-General of the'lVavy, dated the 28th of Augast last, that preparations are being made for the distribution of the tonnage bounties awarded for the capture of two slave * eluccas (names uknown), captured on the .25th and 2th of August, 1S-51, by Her Maiesty's ship.Philomel. Notice has also been given, dated September lst inst., that the distribution of proceeds arising fronm the c3pture *mf the Russan vessel Victoria will be commenced on the 15th of September inst., according to the scale in tho s;aid notice set ont. Notice is also given by the department of the AccountantGeneral, to all persons interested therein, that the distriba*,ion of proceeds arising from the Bussian vessel Ottawa 'trill be commenced on the 15th of Seputemberinst. COMMISSIONS mSiLed b7 the Vicg-Lsu\-a_Nr of the County Palatinc of LAs- cAnvas £th Regimentof Royal,ancashire Mlitis,-Gilbert Pickering PudZdn Jones, gent.. eo be En B37 the Lonr-I,xrzsa_x-r of the County of CARiAsvoy. Ro0yal Carna.-onshire Milit.-Lisut Frank tMucklertone Alen to ie Ca^pt.. vice Charles Griffith Vynne, resigned; George Sholto 3)ouglr s Pemnr nt, gent., to be iout., vice Allen, premeted: EnsIgna John Btiley ilams= to he Biont., vice Artthur Wyatt. resigned; Ensignt OTen M>asey Jones to be hoout., vice Wllhiamu Wynae, ap- moited to the Coldritreans GusnL;. Ihe foelowing places have been duly registered for the solenmiz3tion ,f cmarriages therein:- St. Patrick's Chapel. Croeseunnonby, Cmnberland, Rhosyg alie Church or Chapel, Llaufawri hcrioencthsb-e. PARTNFERSHIPS DISSOLVED. I. C. Bunkell and G. Beckett, Holloway, builder.-ML S. Caor, Bg.kney, and G. Stevens. jun., Lower Nerwood, Surrey.-S.';on. Maxter,a.d Measo. Liverpool. awmenufectureri-Lgh and Adams Ameritnquare. Crutehedsriars, merchants.-J. B, Wilson and Co liverpool, and J. Welsh and Co., Mlobile, commisRsion merchantse'W. lhlacils, jun., and J. Wfllimtas, Bedminster. masons.-J. Brit'en nad Son,SBaghel_-otreet.clothworkes-G FP. Murphy and Co., Manchester. manufacturers of fancy roods-HayVurd and Co,. Liverpool, coffeen!erd.c-D. and H. Edr. and Co.,Douglas, Isle of Man, and london, manufacturers of patent Dreerved wOt3toes.-Worthington Snd hieadows LBowestoft, surgeons-Bailey and Fernie. Nottingham, msnuifacturingchymists.-W5.E Evans and Co., Sheffield,muEisellers. Dixon, Bell, and Co.. Smethlwics, engSineem-Seudder and Hughes, Queer-stmet, Batciff. plumbers.-Harkness and Irving, Bolton-leMloor, drapers-Philps. Son. and Smith, High-street Poplar. linendr3porst; ags fareaa regsrdz J. Susith.- 15. Pasnelland TI. BT.Willanmeo NewBread-street. at.'erneys,-W. Gilpin. sen., and Co.. Cheech itedg,e Works and Wedges Skills Sta£fontl, egen tool m anufacturer.s-Brigs, lkobley, and Ca., Nottingham7, lace manufactureres . az far asre'ads S. Wigga-ml. ThEomson and Son. Glasgow. mershanets-e. Daitlse aend o., Lierspool. and J. DalglssJ, JTompson, and Co., Rio de Jaoroad, rthanls`-oatorson, aMr, and eo., Gla oTw and Manchester, rned Paterten and Co., Calcutta. BANKRUB'PTCY ANNULLED. John Broadhret, Sitoke-urp, on-Trot eathenwarre manst.acturer. BAhNKRBlP'S. ciloiam Baes bridge and Joseph James Dale, othefrwie Joseph James Doel, otherwise Jomeph Jameh Dell. str thwsrlr-bridge-road, hoe manuaocturers to surrendsr Sept. IL1 at 1 o'clck, Oct. 15, at 12 at the Bankrupts p Court: solicitors. ans. Sole, Tamer, cndhTurner, Aldermanbury offiris1;3zslgneMg, Bol,Coleman-stree.tbaidings JGne Elia Norton and George ZScarib WVhite, Harroe-mrad, atone srchman Sept. 15, aS o'clock Oct. 17, athhaf-paI t 1, a t the Bankupta : solicitor s, Mx Robesrcz. Kaye and Son, Symond'as-in, GCancey-lase, ofcial assignee, Mr. Xicholson, BasdnBh ill-reet, John coar,. Brunnicck-nerrsee, Commercial-road east., hipotn.r, Bep: 15. at l o'clock, Oct, 21, at 2 at the r gnkraDtsr Court: sobrits Mecssrs. Young and Pleos. Mark-lane: official asaignee, hr. Peinesl, GonddhaUr-cham,ere, Barueh3U atreet. -John Carcenter, Htse. Haute, grocer, Sept. 16, at2 o'lfock Oct 17 at c, at the Bsngsn pts' Court :.olictorf, Messrs birchaa, Daerymple. and Drake, ParDamentvstreetg* official asisignee. r. CaMnan Aldesnaubury. Genrgs Henten, Chapel-place, South AudUey-street, Grosvenora,muare, Sept. 12, Oct. 17, at half-past 1 O'clock. at the Bankrupts' CourTt: socitor. Mlr. Roberts. Barge-ysa-d-chansbersp Bucslersbury-official as3sinee, Mi-. Wfhitunere. Basinghol-rtret, .John Corteto BSrminghton. licensed victualer, Sept. 15, oct. 6. at iO o c ock, at the Birasbnehame District Cor t of Bano f soctr r Cos ( ur,ad1dsrsp. lsolicaors jitestn.x ITnn and owley, Birmingham; offldial essignee, bIr. MIZ 23J. StaxrkDerby, O Jewdelter, Spt.L 16, Oct.?, at half-p3st 10 nc.c' at the BLmeighaos Detrict Coert of B-nkanitt3y. at Not- Albugh ee:olcitor, Mr. 24eece Bugmisg hm; offMciae l essrft an mfr. fAllen Sepretl Fns-Weley-.ill, nearaAdhTArtond aiLler, Sept.1s. Oct. 23, atn oclock,t theaRoterDistrict Court o.tanSP ilmuptCy: sovicitors, nr. Stogden and M5essLs. Geare, bomamtord, and Gearcn, Esetero.fficiae asignee. Mrt Blirtze'd, Eseter. Beniamin Greening. Mlanchester, manufacurer of wire fencin Sept. 2', Oct. 1uat i2 o'ycc, at the Manchester District Court of Bankruptcy: solitor, Mpr. TaYlor, ManchestterJ officiae asignee, br. mrasker. Iachester. Ja3sT Taolor Totlington-lower-end t LancashaIe. cotton-spinner, Sept, 1S. Oct. 8e et es o'clock, at the lanchester District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitor. Mr. Croasland, Bnry, and Moer,. Higson and J.binson, aiGncheser; offier, assigneep t r. Heat naman, Manchester. DIVIDENDS, Sept. 23, J. SFlker. Oldstreet, St. L6ue's. boilder.-Sept, 23. oNsdon. Church-rkw Limehoese. ahipowner.-Sept. 23. . A. ief, Albany-sttreet. coolc-SePt. 54 J. l}nghcs, Manchester. fustian metnulaoturer-S'ept. 2i. W. and T. Edmnond and R. hl'liim, bivr,polt and Bomnbay, rnercbant.r-.Oct. 2, S. S8 Phillips, Cardiff, provision snrchant.-tipt. 25. E. W. Knight, Bath, dealer in ehina.-Oct. 9, R. WVebb. New port, MIonmouth shire, iron mo nger. OERTIFICAT ES to be grentod, unlxess ramse be thov n to the ceon- tracry en the day of rneeting. Sept. 23. F. Futvoye, !legent-strect 2ewrellr.-Sopt. 23, T. Ryder, Old Bro od-street, morchaunt.-Sept. 53, W. 0. Young, Sun-court, Corn. bill, and elsewhere. shipbroker.-Sept. 23, J. Brindlfey. Chester, brickmatker. SCOTCHf SEQIETFZTATIONS. Bt. Thomson, Glesgzow. writer, Saept. 15. at 1 o'clock, dt the Faculty of Pocuantors'-hell, Gl3sgow. wGt Do°uglas Airdrje, watchmaker, Sept.1lt, at I o'dlock, at the Globe J. blitcell Glasgowv, cordier, Sept. 12, at 1 o'clock, at the Globe Hlotel. Glasgow. lvon trt arkXnurseryman. Sept. 16, at 1 o'clock,. at the Rod
AFFERAY AT WASil'iNGTo.-The Washington correspondent of the ReYg Yo)rk Times, writing On the 18th Ilt., gays:-" A most disgraceful a=aut was committpd tonday zyr M' ullen, of Virginia, upon Mr. Granger. The *arties were in an omnibus r dingto the CapitoL They got convers,g on politi, s Both were very earnest in the diseenssio. 'Mullen said in effect that the Scuth wouLId not £ubmit to the election of lFremont. Granger replied, ' After jovember it vdll be made to sub2tit.' M'Mnllenximme. diately changed the discussion from a political to-a personal Jone. He profeCssed to be insulted, end told Grznger that gra7 bairs alone protected him. Mr Granger said, 'I asic io lmmunity onthae account.' MMullenthereupon clenched inim, and struck him two severe blows, bruising.Grangeres Lace badly. Granger defended himself as well as he Could. The pasties vwre separated immediately by Colonel Chester, cf tho Pennzsylvania Inquirer, who gave substantially the foregoing account. Granger is an old man, considerably tnder the medium height, very earnest in bis manner, but frank, good-natured, and generally popular."
I LONDONM, WEDiNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 3, 1856.. The coUision of the different estates of the repnblic which has just taken place in the United States teaches a political and a moral lesson. The political lesson is, that no precautions in the original framing of a Constitution can guard against undue acts of power on the part of the Executive, or against what may be called despotic acts. However jealously you may curb your Executive, and whatever check the Constitution may put upon it, an Executive must have power, if itis to be of any use; and if it has power, that power may be abused. You cannot, with the most republican intentions, tie up your Executive so strictly that it will only be ablo to use its powers exactly as you want it; something mnust be left-to its own discretion; and if you give it a discretion, you must take the chancs whether it uses it well or ill. In the IJnited States we have a. republie as cautiously and jealo-sly framed against any despotic acts of the Executive as it could be consistently `vith its general effectiveness. The result is, however, that at this moment half the popu'ation. of the United States are ulp in arms against the despotism of their Executive, aiid are speaking of. General FnsRcR much as our forefathers spoke of JA=s II. "Let freemen," says a New York contemporary,-" freemen who love the fieedom "for which WAsEMGTrOx fought, which JhrFraso1; "proclaimed, and which JAY taught, contemplate "the scene. lOn the- one hand, slaveocracy, not " coDtent with its sectional institution of slavery "within bounds guaranteed it by the Constitution, "demanding that its sectional institution shall "be extended over the free soil of the national "territories, and that the power of the United CC States' arTmy shall be turned against freemen to "force the extension ! On the other hand, stand"ing in the same hallsl, national freedom, true to "itself, saying fiLmly, but calmly, that slaveocracy "shall not have the army of the United States to "force slavery on freemen !" }Here is an appeal, then, to every true son of liberty to resist the act of a TARQ= ; President PIEnRc receives his classical diploma, and the Uhited States are at Last poetical enough to have a Tyrant. We begin to think of HARSmODIUs and ARsToGEoxrroi, and to congratulate General PThREc that tyrants are more gently dealt with now-a-days than they once were. Nor is the charge wholly without ground. For wrhat is the fact ? Has not the P EsiDy_-T of the United States simply used the American army to put down his political opponents and serve his political fiiends ? The territory of Kansas has at first a Free-state Legislature; but it is invaded by the border States, who put down this Legislature, erect another, and put the territory on the Slavestate basis. A fight follows; the Pr.Esi7x?'r chooses to assume that the Legislature for the time uppermost is not the usurping, but the established Legislature, and supports it by the Federal forces. Here, then, is an arbitrary and despotic act, and an electioneering use of power. But at the same time it is a use of power against wwhich no Constitution could guard. The Federal Executive ought to have the power to support an established Legislature, and it must be left to its discretion to decide what is an established Le,gislature. The truth is, then, that no mere letter of a Constituition, however reptublican it may be, can be a security against arbitrary acts on the part of the Executive. For a truie security against such acts you lust depend on political custom and feeling, on certain established maxims and rules of political action, on what we call the " practical "working" of a Constitution, rather than its letter. The letter of the English Constitution gives the Sovereign an absolute veto ; but constitutional custom forbids the exercise of it, the constituitional riue being that when a Ministry finds itself in a minority in the House of Commons it resigns. Thus a Constitution has gradually grown up in this country which effectually prevents aU despotic acts on the part of the Executive; but this Constitution, it will be found, lies in custom rather than in statute-in certain traditional a2d unwritten rules of political action, which al parties have tacitly agreed to observe, rather than in the letter of any acts of Parliament. We see by the present events in the United States how superior such a constitutional understanding, as it may be called, is to a merely written Constittution; how crude the working of the paper creation is, whlere not interpreted by practical tradition and generally accepted rule, compared with the easy and smooth working of a Constitution which is the growth of time, reel history, and national life. Thus all the French Constitutions of recent date had ceased to work and were full of jars lonig before their final overthrow. The Americans, in fact, have not yet got their Constitution, if by that word we understand the mature practical machine so called; it has yet to growv, and such events as the present are forming it for them. It will be decided before long whether President PI-RCOn'S act vwith respect to Kansas will be accepted and approved by the nation as a whole, or the reverse; if the latter, a precedent will be set which will govern future Presidents; so a full American Constitution will at last grow up, just as our law does, by a succession of precedents, national judgments, and the general course of political events. The second lesson which the present events in the Ulnited States teach is a moral one. People have been prophesying the rupture of the Union for a long time, and it has not come; and, so far, the United States may boast of a practical principle of Lnion which sustainLs them in opposition to many threatenings and many flawLs in their position. But here is, at last, a positive collision between the different estates, which, if not a rupture, muiiist be mended very soon, or it wil lead to one. And what is the question which has produced this collision ? The slavery question. Here is the rock on which they split, here is the source of danger to the American Union. If the United States, then, maintain a morally bad institution, they must pay for it-pay for it in political disunion, rancour, and convulsions. The Democratical party tries to smooth over this sore, and to per- suade everybody not to think about it, but to I take America as a whole. But people will thinkl about it, and will agitate the question at any cost, no matter even if it brealks uip the Union at last. That is the consequence of having an institution which violates moral and religious feeling. The opponents of slavery cannot be silenced by any appeal to political expediency, because they are fighting a question which, in their opinion, supersedes all such arguments. The instant people determine that a moral and religious principle is involved in a question they are committed to fight it at aU hazards. Slavery thus creates the American revolutionist, and arrays the religious enthusiast and the philanthropist against the Union. Here is a sore at the most vital part, which must be perpetually attended to, otherwise it will get the better of them. The greatest statesmen of America have constantly to use their best argaraents to keep back the force of anti-slavery cpnion v, which threatens to overWhelm them. They have to be always soothing andl calming the enthusiast, entreating him to be reasonable, telling him he must be content -with things as they I are, at any rate respect established interests. M4r. WnnSTRE in this way fought the battle of the slaveowner, and procured him theFug,itive Slave La,w; but it was a hard fight, and the anti-slavery enthusiast retaliated in print by a character of that great statesman such as might remind the theologian of the character which the ancient fathers gave of Antichrist-viz., the perfection of immoral intel. lect. The United States will get over this particular disturbance, and that, probably, very soon; but they have not seen the last of the question which is the cause of it, and which wMi continue ts be a constant source of political danger and division.
I Au accredited joumnal of the Austrian Governntent-the Verona GazeMe-bas republished on its own account the manifesto of King BO3IBA. We should not have been the first to ffing a stone aS' the Cabinet of Vienna, well aware as Iwe are of the atrocities which are commit- tead under the shadow of the Austrian flag, for |the sim pie reason'that the Government of that country is allied with our own. It is, however, rather too mnuch to presume upon the sufferance of impartial men when the hirelings who are in the pay of one of the most oppressive tlTanmies which have ever afficited humanity dare to speak of any portion of 'the British empire in comparison with the proviaces which are bayortetted and dragooned into subservience to the !Iouse Of fAESBRnG. We have not sought this contest. There was really no reason why the official organs of the Austrian Government should tAke up the quarrel of the Eirg of NAPLE,s, caress his oppressions, .adopt his acts, justify his insanity. We drewv no copapnison between the policy of the Austrian Cabinet and his own. Wa, said nothing of Spielberg or of the dungeons of Maintua, Verona, Pesth, anid of twenty other fortresses in which such craelties are daily perpetrated as may mak-e humanity shudder. Such things are endured, not approved, by the public opinion of Europe; and if we have hitherto preserved silence, it is not because we are reconciled to the policy of Vienna., but because we have profoundly felt that no word of ou'rs, unsupported by an armed intervention, would save one victim from the rifles of the Austrian soldiery or liberate one captive from the Austrian dungeons. We can do these poor people no good without involving Europe in the consequences of a general -war, and, despite the philippics of NI. KossuTH and those who feel with him, we cannot see why Englishmen should sacrifice their lives in the cause of people who will not help themselves. There is a time, however, for all things, and although at the present moment Lombardy is bound in iron fetters,although Hungary has been depopulated by the executioner, and Bohemia handed over to the extremities of religious persecution,-although the police spy is everywhere, and thoughiiout the extent of the Austrian dominions man cannot communicate freely with his fellow, nor pass unchallenged from one village to another, we know full well that a time will coma when such things must end. The public opinion of England is with the oppressed and against the oppressor. The demagogues who from time to time have endeavoured to work upon the Austrian public have, in the first instance, expressed themselves as secure of the active assistance of England; and, in the second place, when they have been dfisappointed in this expectation, have overwhelmed us vith reproach. We have neither deserved their expressions of confidence nor of disgust. But for all this, the real nature of the Austrian Government is perfectly understood in England. There wvas nothing so bad in the worst period of our own history centuries ago as not to have been equalled by the Austrian Government within the last few years. Hungary has been laid waste with fire and sword, contrary to the faith of treaties and the natural humanities of modern civilization. Lombardy is a prison. The whole of Italy is subjected to the pressure of .the Austrian bayonet. Tuscany, the Legations, Naples-there is not a province, except Sardinia, in vnich the weight of that impure power is not felt. Who shall describe the horrors and iniquities of the Austrian dungeons at Verona and elsewhere ? It is perfectly understood in Europe that men are torn away from their homes in Italy upon mere suspicion, and executed in cold blood, with scarcely the form of a trial, by the hands of the Austrian agents. These things are endured, we scarcely know wlhy, until France and England, united, resolve that they shall be no more. WVil it be believed, then, that tne agents of such a Government venture to compare the abominations of their own condition with the state of any portion of the British empire ? In bygone years, when O'Co-m,-nL was in his palmy days howling in behalf of his ragged clients, an idea got abroad upon the continent of Europe that he was really in earnest, and that the poverty of Ireland was fairly referable to causes over which any Government could exercise control. It is idle to say that no person above the condition of a badaud in any of the European capitals ever believed in any such absurdity; but now the Austrian journalists are directed to compare the Ireland of 1856 with the Hungary of 1856 the Lombardy of 1856 with the India of 1856 " To speak of Ireland and India, and the manner in which British Liberalism is administered ia those regions, is to throw in the face of the English Government all the opprobrium of a barbarism which luckily has no example elsewhere. It is weRl that once more the deformed contradiction between the zeal of England for the welfare ot Italy, of Poland, and of Greece, and its conduct towards Ireland, should be laid bare. The possession of that island is a morbid cancer, cortinually eating the foursdations of public tranquillity in the united kingdom, and highly compromising to its dignity in the face of Earope. TWitho?ut anf participation in the adrantoges enjoyed by tMe sister island-onerously bearing the ieigl7t of tlis unionbound in fettersfor al that a people 7olds mnost dear, in religion, 7abits, leyistation-Ireand is contin-aaky oa the scatchfor apropitious moment torisearnd emancipate itself fromn its powcrfut bonds citt Enzgland. The spirit of ins=r. rection is the order of tho day there more than in Italy or Poland, and if its manifestations are more rare and do not attain such threatening proportions, it is due exclusively to the much greater pressure exercised by the English Government than that which England laments so bitterly, piesu. ming it to weigh on other countries." Would that any Austrian agent were directed to travel over that district of India, or of Ireland, in which the greatest discontent could be discovered, and to compare it with that section of the possessions of the House of IlArsButv in which the greatest contentment prevails, and we are perfectly willing to be judged upon the result of the comiparison. Half-a-dozen of our Irish members, as free-spoken in Austria as they are' in Ireland, would in something less than twenty-four hours render the position of the 1RPERoP so truly uncomfortable that he would have no resource but to shoot them or to abdicate himself. What would the police agents who are charged vwith the government of Hungary think of a province in which everybody has full power to say what he likes-to print what he likes against the Government-to call meetings and denounce the acts of the Government-to leave the province when he likes, and'to return, to it when he likes with no questions ask.ed-in which the inhabitants are represented in the Imperial Parliament in. larger proportion than any other district of the! empire, ana take care that their representation shall not be considered a dead letter? Ttie it is that in Ireland the Roman Catholic religion is not largely assisted by the Government; but have we not, on the other hand, heard of a Concordat -with Rome ? We are, however, perfeefly sedusible that this outrageous tissue of absurdity is not concocted for the benefit of educated E:urope, but of the gaolers or gladiators of the Austrian empire. The scribes of the Termsa Gazeit do not write for London or Paris, but for Verona, Iilan, Mantua, Spielberg, Pesth. How far their lucubrations may receive credit in towns where public opinion has such free play it is not for us to say; but it is perfectly certain they can deceive no person who has the slighltest acquaintance with the present condition of Europe. On one point we certainly wonder that the Austrian Government was willing to hazard discussion even among a picket of Croats. " The "policy of non-intervention is incumbent upon "Great Brit.ain; " but if upon Great Britain, why not upon Austria? How is it, then, that we find Austria in the Legations, in Tuscany, in Parma, powerful by intrigue and community of interest at Rome, and omnipotent at Naples? If the influenco of Great Britain on the popuilar side is not to be exercised, let Austria at least stop within her own provinces, for she has surely as little di-ect concern, at the foot of Italy as we can have. Every nation, however, in these days has a right to erercise an influeiice in the inte l conoerns of anotherJ not by direct intervention, for that doctine has been long since exploded, but by the far m2ore efficient agency of opinion. The Italians of Ihe present day may be perfectly sure That whenever they are strong enough to cast tie Austrians out of the peninsula, as far as this country is concerned they have nothing but support and hearty goDa wishes to expect.
In a question of profit and loss it is best to come to facts as soon as possible, and while we are discussing Mn. M7ACX'S proposal with regard to merchant vessels in time of war the Admiralty has furnished us with a return which is fhe very thing we want. It is a list of the Russian prizes captured in the late war, comprising an account of the tonnage of each vessel, the nature of its cargo, and the place where it was seized. There are 205 vessels mentioned in this list as either captured or destroyed. Of these,. however, 35 have been restored to tho owners, and t have not yet been finally adjudged; Eo that, in all, the vessels condemned amount I to 164; and of these 41 hiad no cargoes and 18 had the cargoeS restored, so that only 105 cargoes3 were forfeited. The size of these vessels is given according to various measurements, sometimes in English, sometimes in Dutch, sometimes in Tuscan tons, sometimes in lasts, sometimes in pouds1 and we cannot, therefore, at a glance give an acecrate idea of the average burden, but we are not far from the mark in saying that the total tonnage of thesr vessels is about a third part of the tonnage of all the Russian vessels thiat cleared our ports in 1853, the year in which our mercantile intercourse with the Mluscovite was at its height. In that year Russian vessels amounting to about TO,G00 tons' burden left our shores, while about- double that amount of Russian tonnage wvere entered inwards. We make a rough calculation that in the returns before us there is a statement of the destruction or confiscation of vessels to the amount of 30,000 tons, irrespective of the property contained in them, which was often valuable, consisting Iof such articles as wheat and other grain, tobacco, olive oil, timber, coals, and manufactures. -Now, in bringing such a statement into comparison wvith the amount of damage which would be inflicted on British or American shipping bythe chances of war, it is necessary to bearin mind that the returns here published are very incomplete, and give no adequate idea of the extent of injury inflicted on the mercantile marine of Russia. We do not simply refer .to the fact that the damage which was caused by the strict blockade of the Baltic and Black Seas, and which probably was much greater than any losses that resulted from capture, is not included in these returns. It must also be remembered that the returns of which we have given a summary contain, to use the words of the Admiralty Registrar, "but a "small portion of the vessels wlhich were captured " from the enemy. lany were captured both "in the Baltic and the Black Seas," continues the Registrar, " of which I have no particu"lars, as they were at once destroyed, or "otherwise disposed of, and no proceedings were "ever taken against them in the Court of Admi"ralty. It would now be almost impossible to ;' obtain any correct return of such vessels, except, "perhaps, by a careful examination of the log-books "of HER AJESSTYs ships of war, which are not in "my possession or under my control." It therefore appears that the loss of these 30,000 tons is but a fraction of the loss of shipping actually sustained, and that the blow thus dealt to the mercantile marine of Russia is but a single item of the injury actually inflicted. The harm done in this way, however, to the commerce of a nation scarcely emerged from barbarism, and taking not very kdndly to the sea, is as nothing compared to the ruin that would fall upon a nation an enornous portion of whose wealth is upon the ocean, and is there not less exposed to the rapacity of an eneny thanthe beasts of burden in an African settlement are to the beasts of prey. We know that we could inflict incalculable injury on American commerce; but, on the other hand, the retaliation would be equally severe; I and there is not one of the Powers that took part in the Parisian Conferences to whom it is not an object at the present moment to foster commerce as much as possible, and to whom, on this view, the proposal of 1xIr. Secretary :MA.ncy does not open up a prospect that is at least worthy of consideration. Among ourselves there are some who regard all such mitigation of the horrors of war as effeminacy and retrogression, and on grounds precisely similar to those on which the proposition of the American Secretary is based. lYhile giving a qualified approval to the suggestion of Br. Manc, we have deemed it necessary to protest against the confounding of privateering with regular warfare, to which his argament tended, -and tended simply because he regarded warfare as a conflict of property with property, the object of the combatants being to damage the goods of the opposite party to the very utmost, no matter how. Among ourselves, in like manner, it is sometimes said that war is but another name for the art of destruction, and that if we mrnt go to war, then let us not mince matters, let there be no false pity, no shortsighted saving, but as we arm our soldiers with the most deadly weapons, with rifles unerring in their aim anu pistols that fire hall-a-dozen shots in succession, so we ought to make quick work of ouir fighting-to kill, to burn, and to ravage without mercy andd without restraint. 'These persons would be,very much opposed to the suggestion of Mr . MARny, but they view war very much in the light in which he views it-as a question of property, which nation has the longest and most enIduring purse. These extreme opinions can no d6ubt be stated veryplausibly, andare basedon the ma-im, to whicl we have noi obiection, that money forms the sinews of wvar. Bat, to make out a specious ease is one thing, to state the truth another; and those who accept such views as we have referred to are, in their anxiety to be logically correct, in danger of being practically absurd; for it is not the case, that war is entirely a contest of budget against budget, . ard that the sign of I a defeat is the imminence of national bankruptcy. Wealth is a most important element, as in the war just ended we have had good reason to know, but it is not everything, as those may be convinced who compare the attitude of a small State like Sardinia with the neutral position of the more imposing empire that borders on its territory. Even if war were nothing of what. we mean by describing it as a measurement of lances, and were merely a measurement of purses, the indiscriminate destruction of ' the enemy's property would be hurtful to ourselveis as well as to our opponents. It is so much loss of accumulated capital to the world; it is often, as in thie destruiction. of mioble works,' the loss of what never can be replaced ancd in revenging a pablic wronig oii private individuals who have no share in .hat wrong, ,and perhap3 abominate it as muchas we do ourselves, there is often entailed the lo of our own honour and humanity. -It is perfectly intelligible that- the contest between t,,o pugilists wouldc be as well decided if they fought with gloved hands as if their fists were plated with steel. They do not want to kill each other, although they have thus come to blows and are determined t;o 'ght it out. The contest; will, ii doubt, in thi5 way Slt the longer, but when it is ended they will both be better eff than if the attack had been more savc, and without much sense of exasperation they may shake hands in token of future amity.- -
COURJT qIACUZA: BALMORAT S. L Yesterday ller' bjesiy the Qaeen, with the Pxhnne Consort and the Royal children, walked ia the neighboho6d of the Castle. In the afternoon Eter Majesty and his Roval HigbneIs visited her Royal Highne3s theD)chess of Kent. Despatche3 were received et the Colonial.office yesteiday 'fom the Lord High Co anissioner of the Ioniani islands, -
We are officrally authorized to declare that 'a report 'which ha5 been circulated by some of the daily journals of* this and other countries, to 'the effect that the Portuguese Government had applied to tho British Government for a squadron on the occasion of the recent bread riota at Lisbon, is totally destitute of foundation. MANcnxyrEP M31HAroS' ExII oX.-The opening of this exhihition, on tha 9th inst., is to take place with less ceremony than was intended. In addition to the exonse of Lord Palmerston, who is prevented from attending by the death of his brother, the committee of management have also received letters frorn other distiungishel gentlemeng rns whose assisctnce they had calulated, ans hbve therefors givenf s their intention to holdingay an evebuningretingatothe Tpoeatrt I woyaL. Mr. Oliver Heywood, the President of tho Mechanise Ingtitntion, will deliversan addresrain themow,ing, and it is expected that a considerablenummer of theseasonticketholders dlodbe present. (EA'VnI-GDOca ACCOcoIrDroN- Xi PV OOD.- The graving-dock acconmodstion on the Miersey hs been the subject of. so nguh dislcssion that it may not be nninterestng to report thaw the new graving-docsk, near Woodsi2e, on tbe Cheshire shore, lblonging to er. Iiald, to bessrs. Clover and Co., and to Messrs. Clayton and Co are l?iely to supply al present wants. On Monday a h5rfe screw steamer, the O.tawa, was nldocna ed, and vith the same tide the Charity, X vessel of the same dimensions (1200 tons, and 270 feet long) was placed npon the blocks just vacated by the Ottawra. MIr. laird's graving-dock, No'c 2, capaole of taoing Tnhvessels lrgerthantheuthimalaya aill be opetned within a week, and Xos. 3 and 4gravngdockAs wiAthin a month. llo. 3 is 42D) feet long land 135 feet entrance; had O. 4a 460feet long and 87 entrance, nsearly 100 feet longer and 15 feet wider thanothe Persia. BuP nresde a r Wooil PAitSote Ai E.-At when spas 1 o'clock on the night of Thursday, the 21st frlt.d the parSOnage at *Woore was forcibly entered by .a man,X rho gained admittDace throrgh the study irindowe. The won fservants had been aroused by the ringing of the honse-belen and, seeing the burglar3in the study, they awoAe their master, and entreated him to see who was in the house. Me proceeded accordingly into the room indicated, when, seeing the outline of a humanl figre, he went forv.ard and took hold of the arm of the intruder, inqniring his object. The felow demanded money and a watch, threateningo violence if his lemand were not complied with. fearingthe consequence of any adrLrm upi the ladies of his honusehold, h r. down torth replied that if he would be quiet the loose money then in his noocket should be handed to him. Thiis was accordingly done, the darkyness allowin the semoh-al oE a hank post bill and check (not included ni the compact and which, together with the wvatch, were fortu,nate y retaineL The robber was not satisfied at the retention of thse watch, and repeajted more athaLn once hs demand of it;but it being avaluable article, mr. Eawisworth declined to give it, advising t-he intrder, for his own sak-e, to hasten is deparure, has the cries othehe servants would alarm the villagers and insure his capture. The fellow beginnng to feel alarm took the advice given to him, and ViaS hande down to the door and put out of the house by Mr. Hawvksworth without any resistarnce-indeed, he rather showed symptoms of civility and wished "good night." The men lr ft behind them a bag, writh cord inside, a piloekr, and a brlack mask. Several attempts at burglary have from tim to time been made at Woore, sometimes with saccess. The intrudig robber spoke of usig firearms, but it was too dark to see if hehad them. ir. Eawks orth however, felt the t a stick was in his hand when he took hold of him. Two or threc stranges, of sinister appearance, bead been observed lurking about a dav or two before the robbery was committed. - eStaffordsirc Ad vertiser. DnASSAoyr5TO: OF Foxs BY STRTCaXIx.-A few days ago Tom Ball, the huntmanto Baron AM. de Baothichild, at Lodtmore, was out exercising his hounds on a farm inthe immediate vicinitylof Liscombe, rhen he met Captain I.ovett's gamekeeper, who told BrAl that they had three or more litters of cub foxes on their estate, and he wished he ould come and disturb thenm Ball then crossed the nark lose by the house, when the captain lhfted up the window and beckoned him to him;* he then told Ball that he had several litters of cubs, and that he wiished lie would write to Lord Southamptond's huntsman, and ask h to come there vith his hounds and disturb them, as there wa one litter lying in awheat or beau field. Ball then retowned home w;ith the hounds, when h-: was met by his master, Baron liothachild, who inquired w here he had beou to that morning 1 Bali told him he bad bean to Liscombo-park. He said, "Did2you see Ceptain Luvett, and have they got any foxes 1" Ball at once told him what the captain bad said to him, when the baron replied, " Go back with my compliments to the captain, and request him to allow you to come and catch some, and let them out in my plantations, as we have not any this season." Ball returnea and saw the captain, who at once told him that he was welcome to do whatever ho thought proper, and that he would order his keeper to assist hi The following Friday morning was appointed for the purpose of talkng the foxes, and the baron's keeper, with the huntsman, proceeded to the spot, when they only discovered one cub in the beans, wrhich made its escape across the adjoining field. It was then arranged that B311 should the next Monday morning go with his hounds and disturb them. Be, with the first vhip, accordingly went there and saw Mir. Bowden, who at once assured them that thefoxes were all dead, and be -could take them and show them five cubs and one old for dead, within a quarter of a mnie of where they were. They then proceeded to the spot, where tbey found the foxes as described. He then cautioned Ball to take care that his hounds did not get caught in a trap, as there had been some found close by, and that his men had found one fox dead in the corn, which had dragged one of the traps along with it. Ball at this became alarmed, and returned towards home, when stddealy he saw one of his favourite bitches, Patience, si3 years old, stagger and fadl down, as if in a fit. He immediately jumped off his horse, and took her up in his arms, and carried her into an adjoining green lane, for the purpose of bleseding her, andin order to prevent the others from going into the bean-iield. As soon as she was carried away she became quite stiff, her eyes became set, and in a few seconds she died. As soon as she was dead another hitch, Spangle, aged two years, was attacked in the same way, and, with just the same symptoms, and she also died. Ball at once perceived that the hounds had been poisoned. A third hound-Boundless, two years old-was then attacked; but, having been immediately bled and treated with great care, and strong doses of salt and water administered to her, she ejected frorher stomach what she had eaten, in aupearance like putrefied carrion, and she is now in a fair way of recovery. Ball then mac'e the best of his way home, and, on arriving there, had the two carcasses forwarded to Mr. Bodgerto besnalyzed, when he, by the description given him, pronounced them to have been poisoned bystrychnine, It has been sines ascerhined that as many as a dozen foxes have been found dead within a few days on the same esthte, some with their legs cut off, and others with the remains of a fowxl besidethemu, Unable to pul it to picces; while others have been taken half alive, not being able to make their escape. This is almost the worst vholesale destruction of foxes on record& Great praise is due to Mr. Bowden, the farmer, for his tim7ely warning to the huntemen, or otherwise, inr all probability, the g,reater part of the pack vwould have been destroyed-BThrhs Her-ald. Rosru on Ho3ex.-The followving anlecdote of thle lateLordShrewsburyappears in the &offovdsleire Ader-c. t*7- :-" The clergy and others who ead been inevited to attend at the funeral of the late Earl of Shrewsbury dined at Alton Towers after the conclusion of the ceremony. After dinner Mr. Serjeant Bellasis informed the company that on the previons night he had found among the papers of the deceased earl a doznment enclosed in a cover, with the superscription in the handwriting of his lordship, ' To be opned at my death? The paper -was dated the 6th of Januaryinthepresent year, and was as follows :-' If I die at Rome, I wish to be buried in the Church de Jesu, if I die nearer to Eome than to England, I wish to be buried in the Eternal City; but if not, I desire that my remains be bronght lack tol33ngland.' The paper was signed I Shrewsbaury.' It was very gratifying to ind that, although the p aer no t found un4il all the arogements of the funra were completed, bis lordshin's wishes, though ufith own, bhe a been literally fulfihled le died at Lisbon, which is much nealrer to Englxand by wrater than to 7tome, and to his native country his friends had broughqt his remaxins. Ta SI,vis TnArE Ar 1KEV Yonn AYI) BAInTmeonn.-We have over and over again called public attentiOnlto tbe fact that the slave trade, in Spite of all the laws against it, is actively and constantly carried on from the ports of New Yori and Baltimore. No onefamiliar vith the details of the shipping busness in this eity is ignorant of it. The recent revelations in our courts of law place it bayond controversy. Scores of vessels fitted ont here ostenribly for some of the obscure ports of Cuba or South America start for the Coast of Africa, take in cargoes of slaves, and. in spite of laws, cruisers, and Government officials land them in Cuba, vhere the market is always open. The extraordinary precautions which the hamrds of the voyage render necessary increase incalculably the suerings of the poor wretches who are thus brought over. But avarice blinds men to all thought6of humanity, andme n can always befound herein Newyork ready tofurnish the capitalfor such adventures, andtoloadtheirs6ulswiththe awfuresponsibilityfor such agonies and murders, in consideralion oftheprofits they hopoteneap! Whilethegreataimand object of ourGovernment is to extend slavery into Knsag, and ma'ee it nermanent and pamount in the fairs af this republi, it wtould be folly to hope for any attentionin that quarter to this great and growing infamry. It has been proposed already in the Senate of the United States to repeal tbe1ats~agiinst the slave trade,-to get rid of these restrictions npon the extension of slavery, just as tho8e wrhich la,pt it orut of Kansas were ot rid of by the reoceal of the Misouri Corn- promnise. When tbe' elavery oligarchy Eeels strong enough this measure will undoubtedly besbed to consummation; audsmeantime the Government Zrwink at thoe evaions of the law, and make ino effort to stike at t'he root of the evd itbelf. The LoudGun Til in, an articek whirl we copy elsewhere, says that no hope of its estion can be entertained EOlong x cosntinues to-afford a slve-marl-et. We beIliee this to be true; d we elive tbAtit is tuerefo- the jdut of our Goverineut, in comeexion with the other natiorm of the divilized world, to tke snoh stagp as sbhal clow that market effectully and for- er-z.-2cwyor. ' m. I*- --
IR ,LA,D. (hm0ho OD OwN- CORE1ONDENT.1 DUBLIN, TUn r MORNa. TI-E TIPP.RARY BANK. The affaira of this wretched swindle were again rougfrht under the notice of the MIaster in Chancery yeat-erday, inthe case of " O'Flaherty v. M'Dowell," whea couniel on behalf of the official manager sub*mitted the following statement of facts relative to tha lands of Clonacody, forming a portion of the ee3ate in the county of Tipperary of whichlMr. Jeanc Sadleir was the owner in fen:- 11 When manager of the Tipperary Bank that gentleman re:ided there, and in February, 1856, when Mr. Kellett became the purchaser of the property in the Encumbered ,d;aetes Court, James Sadleir retained possession as -tenant from year to year, with the right to the crops fring upon the lands. After the disappearance of the lattr, tue official manager made inquiries about these crona, being appointed receiver over, tbe provery. The exact time that Mr. Xellett went into possession did not appear; Lut he was now in possession of these lands, and maintained his right to the crops by virtue of an agreement which was -lleged to bo sabsisting between him and James Sadleir. .r. Meldon wv'te to him to produce this agreement, but he 'had not done so. In his reply, however, he admitted the ownership of James Sadleir up to the time at which he (Mr. Eellett) went into possession. Under these circumstances the official manager wished to obtain possession. "'The Master said it was perfectly plain that Mr. Kellett 1=nd entered into possession under a caim of right which he could not interfere with by a summary proceeding. Mr. Xellett was a sufficiently responsible person for future pro. caedings to be taken against if nece5sary; but it would be quite right for the official manager to take steps to ascertain the value of the crops and implements, in order that, if the question of damaZes were taken hereafter, the amount of the official manager's claim could be correctly asrertained. " Mr. Meldon said it was a complicated case in reference to tho title, and, under the circumstances, he thought it would be advisable to take the oDinion of counzel. "The Master said he was very averse to tki'ng the spriuon of counsel, as tending to eXPense. lFLe was always anxious to dispose of cases on the facts and authorities hron,,ht forwvard by counsel who were present. In the prerant matter he was dlearly of opinion that it should stand for Master Lyl'e, ine whose office it had originated. "M Dr. Lawless then said therewasanother denomination of land upon the same estate upon which three or four tenants who owed small sums were not paying any rent, and were inciting others to do likcwvise, beiLg at present in the act of emoving themselves avay. "0 The Master said a civil bill ought to be brought against them next session. AMr. Meldon replied that thev could not be distrained apon, as they were quitting the premises and taking everytinmg awvay. The amounts due were small, but he thought -an attachment., if issued against them, would have the effect of getting them in. "The Master said he would not issue an attachment for "slch trifiiu sums as these appeared to be. "After some discussion. however, " The Master added that the official manager, after apply. iag- to the parties for the November gale, might, in the event of a refusal on the part of the tenants then dus, apply to him for an attachment, which he would then grant against each of the defaulting tenants." THE FUNDS. Threa per Cent. Console, 944; ditto,for account, September 12, 95 944; New Three per Cent. Stock, 95 95;City of Dublin Steampacket Shares of 1836 (501. paid), 304; hiniDg Company of Ireland (7T. paid), for account, 14 .
!HLE BBBE.NCH POLITICAL PBISOHrRS'. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TITIES. Sir,-I have no wish to trespass any longer upon your columns concerning a question which is now settled, as no other explanation has been elicited from the French Governnent than a denial whispered to your Paris correspondent by anonymous persons. I beg only to observe that I cannot righteously be accused of having mixed up, on this occasion, the distinct question of humanity and politics. Every render of The Times may bear witness that I requested the insertion of the heart. rending lines 1 have received, " not as a Republican, but as n man." If I happened to speak of Lahr in my second letter, it was only in reply to a somewhat unkmid hint ventured by your own correspondent. In fact, I am personally acquainted with none of the ul. fortunate people who thought fit to apply to me. I do not even know rwhether they al belong to the Republican party. But, being entreated to cause the groans of poor prisoners that are dying far away to be echoed in this part of the world, I did what any honest man in my place would bave 4done. The question is not, therefore, between the French Government and myself, but between the French Govern*nent and those who atone by the most awful agony in the samps of South America for the crime of having defended the laws of their country. I cannot bat be painfully sarprised at your correspondent?s questioning my candour, because I drew from his ovm assertions the conclusion that, in French Guiana, men of rank and intellectual culture, like the ex-Mayor of Beziers, and common convicts are herded together. The lamentable reality of the case is no way affected by the circumstance that these common convicts, after having undsrgone their punishment, came again within the grasp of such political tribunals as were established for the particular purpose of backing the coICp d'Pcta of the 2d of December. Is there, indeed, any legal proof that all those had taL-en part in political plots and risings who were sent to Cayenne in consequence o! sham trials, or without trial ? In such confusion and horrible darkness were the proceedings of the French Government at that time involved, that ordinary criminals are likely to live, at Cayenne, side by side with the maost irreproachablo men, without tho latter being aware of the fact. That "there are cases where recourse to exceptional ributnals may be justified by extraordinary c;rcumstances" in en opinion which I cannot possibly share, and I wonder how it can be held by an Englihman, in this our age. Laud and Strafford used the same arguent when the Star Chamber was instituted; but, fortunately for England, the days of Charles I. are gone by, nor is it to be hoped they will ever revive. Your most obedient servant. LOUIS BLANC.
:. GnBmERr 'BTXBEci.-The following are Some particulars connected with the death of thi; esteemed gentleman and exce71ent magistrate :-On Friday last Mr. Combe received information that his respected collea.uc. Mr. A'Beckett, was Iyi dangerously ill at Boulogne from a severe attackof typh3s fever, and that there were no hopes of his recovery. The learned gentleman had been passing a short time at that place with his family, and a few days before leaving to resnme his official duties the typhus fever made its appearance among them, and in the early part of the week one of his children died. 3ir. XBeckett was next attacked in a very severe form, and, after three days' unconsciousness, expired on Saturday last. The learned gentleman was taking his holydays for zix weeks, having left on the 17th of July, and would have returned to duty yesterday. He left in exceedingly good health, and his sudden death has cast a gloom among the persons connected with the police-court. Mr. A'Beck;ett was not a barrister of many years' standing; but he was an excellent and upright lawyer. He was called to the bar in January, 1841. His appointment as a magistrate was made at the latter end of the year 1849, shortly after the death of Mr. John Cottingham, from cholera. Mr. Seeker was then sitting at Southwark Policecourt, and he changed with Mr. ABeckett, who at that time was doing duty at Greenwich and Woolwich. Mr. Combe afterwards removed from Clerkenwell to fill up the vacancy. Since that time Mr. A'Beckett and Mr. Combo have sat regularly at Southwark, performing their arduous duties in a very careful manner, dispensing justice to all classes even-handed, and respected by every person who had business with them in their publ-c capacity. There in one thing that must not be overlooked in the late Mr. A'Beckett's character, and that is the very careful manner in which he distributed the funds forwarded to this court for the poor-box by the benevolent. His loss will be much felt by the industrious and unfortanate poor, as no case of real want, especially where a small sum would establish the arties in a little way of business to earn their own livelihood. was ever neglected. From the profesional gentlemen who have been accustomed to appear before him there has been but one expression of the deepest regret and esteem. The courtesy they have at all times received from him, the patience with Which he has listened always to whatever could be urged on their clients' behalf, and the carnest desire he has ever exhibited torender justice in all matters brought before him, had caused them to look upon himn ith a feeling of alnost affectionate respect; and it is thus that his loss is so sincerely regretted. As regards the clerks and officers of the court he was always li!nd towards them, and treated every officer attached to the court with urbanity and respect. He was also extremely particular in the merformance of his duties. we was considered one of the best of the metropolitan folice magistrates, and no doubt his loss will be much lWe regret to announce the death of Rear-Admiral Sir John Rioss, Y.GCB., which occurred on Saturday morning Lst, at 43, Gilliagham-street, Pimrico. This gallant Arctic voyager entered the navy as far back as 1786, and during the late war was. constantly enigaged ctively. is most important services were rendered in the Arctic regions, where in 1818 he proceeded along wi'h Sir W. E Pary.In the Driver he proceeded, for the purpose o.? exploring Bflin's Bay, and inquiring into the probabilty of a north- west assago. The results of his investigations are detailed by Captain Poss, in his Voyage of DLxcovery, pIblished in 1819. Hae was aftefwards, from May, 1829, until. October, 1833, employed in the Victory steamer, on a fresh expedition to the Arctic rejions, equi ped at the expense of the present Sir Felix BootHb e received the honour of kn=ghthood. together with the Companionsicip of t?he Bath, December 24, 1834. On March 8, 1839, he was nppointed consul at Stockcholm, where he remained several yemars. During thi wa-r Sir John Itess, in thea differenat uctions5 ws 13 times wounded. Inl cons3iderationw of his ESlVrices he was presented by the Patriotic Society with ?a sword valued at 1001., and for ermces performed. by hlim in thus Balti* he ws nomlinated a Knight Commander of the Swedish Order of the Sword. Bie was also a knight of veini ofther foreign orders. Among other wochs, Sir John wrote toers Young &Sea OfCer; Memoirs ad Ccsvenordeuce of Admirae Zord dc Seurts, and a Treoase o .pa i ogain bOJ Scatm. By this death s good Aservce pen. dan lies at tho disposal of the First Lord of the AdmirYty. -Gc.
MUlITARY and ZNA.AL ZKtPLLIGEXCR. I 2Mjor-Gteneral Sir George Ballu-, .LC.B.. who commanded a brigade of the Light Dividion in tho Crimea, and had previoudy been very actively enjaged at the Cape, rhas been appointed to command the troops in the lonian Islands, in succession to Sir I. W. Barnard, C.C.B.,nnominated to the command at Sborncliffe. Major-Geneial J. Bloomfield Gough, C.B., lately in commad of the Belfast district, has been appointed to command a brigade at the Curragh. General Goagh served on the staff uder his distinguished namesake in most of the Indian campaigns of late years. The folowing officers have just been placed on the list oi thoss.receiviug rowards for distinguished seriees-viz.:_ Major-General Dupuis, C.B., of the Royal Artillery; Colonel CoUingwood Dickson, C.B., and ai.eutenant-Colonel .Adye, of the same, corps; Colonel 1L D. Towusheid, commanding the dep6t battaion at Templemore; Colonel John Napper Jackson, of the 99th Regiment; Colonel William Parlby, of the 10th. Hussars; and Colonel F. C-. Shewell, of the 8th Hussars HBer Majesty's troop and store ship Resistance,Commander Russell, arrived at. Spithead from the Crimea on Monday evening. She cleared Sebastopol harbour of the remaining ordnance and dockyard stores, of. which she brought about 280 tons home, guns, shot, shell, and anchors; she brought also 23 officers and 121 men of the Land Transport and Eedical 'Staff Corps. She had a long passage from the Crimea, which she left on the 4th of July, touching at Constantinople, Malta, and Gibraltar. * The Empire steam-transport, Captain Savage, arrived at Spithead on the night of Monday from the Crimeai, bringing Dr. Linton, C.R. ; Major CooDer, 44th; Captains Moore and Blake, 47th ;' Lieutenant Grier, 88th ; Lieutenant and Adjutant Hamilton, Land Transport Corps; Dr. Rose, ditto; Messrs. Moss, Victor, Field, Peeke, and Mowbray, clerks, Land Transport Corps; Mr. Marriott, War Depart. ment; 278 rank and file, Laud Transport Corps, and four horses. By the arrival of Her Majesty's steamsloop Devastation at Spitheadyesterday mornig we have advicesfrom theCape of Good 7iopeto the 18th of July, on whichday sheleftSimon's Bay; arrived at Ascension, July 31, left on the 2d of Augast; arrived at St. Vincent on the 12th, left on the 13th; arrived at Teneriffe the 19th, left on the 20th; arrived at Lisbon on the 27th, and left on the 28th at 6 p.m. She leftin Simon's Bay Her Majesty's ship Castor, 36, Commodore Trotter; the Penelope steam-frigate, 18, Captain Sir W. W,seman; the Seringapataul dep6t ship, and the Dart tender. The Frolic, 16, Commander Agnew, had sailed a fortnight prev.ously for the Mauritins, and the Castor expected to leave for that island at abont the end of July, and to visit the various ports in the Mozambiqne Channel. Iro slavery vas going on on any part of the Cape Station. The Caffres vwere quite tranquil in outward appearance, and it is said that the news of the emigration to the frontier of 10,000 of the British German Legion has been received by them with considerable dismay, Moshesh, the great chief, having declared that if they came he should at once go further afield. The following is from our Malta correspondent, under date August 28:- " Her Majesty's steam-frigate Curacoa took her departure for Beyrout on the 26th, and on the 20th Her M-fajesty's ship Magicienne was at Smyrna, An her way to Tarsus. Admiral Sir Houston Stewart wis at Trebizond in the Hannibal on the 12th, vith the Snake gunboat in company, awaiting a return messenger from Kars " The City of London steam-transport left on the 27th for Liverpool, conveying 22 officers, 321 non-commissioned officera and privates of the Anglo-Italian Legion. " The lTil French postal steamer arrived from Constantinople, Smyrna, and Syra on the 27th, bringing for Genoa 90 Sardinian labourers, and for Marseilles Lieutenants Fellowes, Statzews, and Wawieski, 2 Polish soldiers, 2 French officers, 4 soidiers, and 17 civil craploygs, and left for Marseiles on the same day." The Lords of the Admiralty resumed their inspection at Portsmouth yesterday. At 10 20 a.m. Sir Charles Wood and Rear-Admiral Eden proceeded to the Royal Naval College, where the First Lord held his levee, and gave audiences to officers who had not had an interview with him during the past 12 months. At U the dock-yard labourers passed in muster before the other members of the Board at the Admiral-Superintendent's office, and afterwvards were dismissed to the usual half-holyday. At 1 tha Board left the dockyard, and proceeded on board the Excellent to witness gun drill and shot and shell practice, after which they inspected the training-ship Illustrious and her tender the SealarL, and also the ordinary on board the St. Vincent. The day's labours terminated in the usul hospitable manner by the First Lord entertaining the heads of the various departments at the George in. the evening. The folowing non-commissioned officers and men belonging to depots at the provisional battalion, Chathas, were yesterday selected by Colonel H.Jervis, the commandant, and placed under the directions of Captain W. Nott, 83d Regiment, and Lieutenant A. M'Leod, 78th Highlanders, the instructors in musketry to Chatham garrison, for the purpose of acquiring a knowledge of the Enfield rifde pre. viously to their embarcation to join the head-quarters of their respeetive corps in India and the colonies :-27th Enniskillens, 1 sergeant and 6 men; 32d Regiment, 9 men; 35th (Royal Sussex) Regiment, 1 sergeant and 4 men; 52d Light Infantry, 4 men; 530 Regiment, 1 sergeant and 3 men; 60th Rifles, first battalion, 3 sergeants and 11 men; 61st Regiment, 6 men; 64th Regiment, 2 sergeants and S men; 78th Highlanders, 2 sergeants and 6 men; the whole of whom will be relieved from their ordinary garrison duty while undergoing their course of instruction. The board of engineer officers forming the court of inquiry ordered to re-assemble at Brompton barracks for the purpose of re-investigating tho circumstances attending the recent accident at Cha'ham to several of the troops belonging to the provisional battalion terminated their sittings on Monday evening, but the nature of their deliberations will not be made known -ntil approved by his Royal Highness the Commander-in-Chief. In pursuance of directions received from the Secretary of State for the War Department, Mr. Francis's floating metallic pontoon waggon, which was tested in sundry ways a short time back in the outer basin of Woolwich DocLyard, was yesterday submitted to some additional trials on the caual in the Royal ArsenaL These experiments were watched on the pa.t of Government by Colonel Bainbrigge, R.E., Inspector of Fortifications; Captain Caffin, C.B., DirectorGeneral of Naval Artillery; Captain Boxer, R.A, Super. intendent of the Laboratory in Woolwich Arsenal; Captain T. A. Campbell, assistant-secretary tothe Select Committee; Captain Clark, R.A., acting military superintendent of the carriage factory; and Mr. Abel, superintendent of the chymical department of the Laboratory. Mr. Francis, the patentee, was present to direct the experiments. The first experiment consisted in thrusting the waggon, with the whole of its appurtenances, feeding trough and geer at. tached, into the water. Seven men then entered the waggon, and rolled and rocked about, and endeavoured to capsize it, but they could not succeed in bringing the gunwale to the water's edge. Boxes of iron, weighing 12 cwt., were then added, making the aggregate weight amount to 211 cwt. The waggonwas then rowedcacross the water to prove itsfloatingeapabilities, andalsotoshowthe advantage which an army would possess in crossing unfordable rivers, if sup. plied with these pontoon-waggons, which are driven through the stream without the necesity of detaching the horses. Some very powerful efforts were again made to upset it, but without success. It was then hoisted out of the water by means of a crane, without removing any of the load, and cleared out, the body being taken off and again thrown into the water. Seven men were ordered into the boat, and the boxes of iron were increased to 22 cwt. It was then rowed about, rolled and rockied as before, and struck with a sledge-hammer some 20 or 30 blows on one spot without any visible effect on the rivets or jointsAfter being carefully examined it was mounted on its carriage, and dragged up to the practising butt. An artilletyman standing at a range of 100 yards then fired a couple of Mini6 rifle bals through the sides. In each ca5e the ball traversed without splintering clean through the body, carrying with it a portion of the metaL The success of this experiment was considered of great importance, as considerable injury results in many cases from the scattered splinters of the carriages in present use. Mfr. Francis then got into the waggon and closed the perforations with a few blows of a hammer, leaving only the spots which had been carried away by tho balls. This, he explained, could be repaired in the most simple manner by any one "with any bit of metal and two or three old nails." A couple of the feeding troughs serve as a canoe to coavey one man with a paddle across a stream, and four of the bodies connected form an excellent raft, capable of supporting any heavy ordnance of the service. By keeping the running gear attached they can be run in and out of the water with great facility; and, by making somo alterations in the construction, it could be packed up in a small compass, for the convenience of transport. Yesterday (Tuesday) at noon 30 officers and 870 men of tIm 77th Regiment embarked at liverpoolfor Dubli; in the steam-transport Pacific, which will in future be employed betwreon Pembroke and Ireland on Government duty. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the-first halves of to f0l. Bank-notea (Nos. 46587 and 36385), one 101. (No. 42588), one f. .(No. 33956), together il51., for income-tax oritted through 2gnorasce to be paid on an annuity,
THB BEVIS&Ok OF, THE BIBLE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The expediency of a revision of the English Bible is a question which may be viewed from zn2any points; and it is highly desirable that each of these should bs fairlyconsidered. One of the most important is suggested by your correspondent ho signs himself "An East-end Curate." The ainghshf Bible is, he says, the tool with wvhich he wvorks; and he exhibits a natural repugnance to any change which would be likely to render the instrumcent less efficient. -T altogether sympathize with this gentleman, and so far as I should advocate a revision it would be inainly directed to the single object of making the working clergyman's "tool' a more effective one. l et us now see a few of the steps by vwhich this result might be effected, without calling into action t3o much of that biblical criticism which, strangely enough, seems to excite so much alarm in the breasts of divins lielngainkg to the once learned church of England. 1. One very obvious reform would result fronm the simnple change of obsolete idioms to the phraseology of the present day. For instance, King James's translators used the English pronouns his; her, and its indifferently, but at the present time their confusion is always ungraceful. A gate opening "on his hinges" grates upon every ear. St. Paul's beautiful description of eharity is sadly defaced by the union of the phtrases " doth not behave itself nnslaeemly"' and "s£eeketh not her own ;" and in one pass3ge (Ezekiel xvii., 7-9) your correspondent will find " his tool?' very difficult indeed to work wvith, unaless he has some friend to inform hin that he may substitute its for her in the whole passage. So, again, with the use of the preposition of. To be " eaten of wornis" may be understood pretty well, but. " to make to ourselves friends of the mammon of unrighteousness" is an expression which has puzzled hundreds and thousands. 2. It is surely desirable that where precisely ident. al phrases occur in the original the identity should be preserved in the translation. Now, every student of the original text is aware that one of the most remarkable phenomena in the first three gospels is their peculiar verbal parallelism. 'Under the hands of the translators all trace of this has vanished for the English reader. Su rely this defect might be remedied without mischief. Why should the same words of ourLord be rendered in one case "He that is not against us ison our art," and in another ":Ele that is not against us isfor sP?" Why shoaud the same phrases be translated here "the spirit indeed is 7illing," and there "the spirit trzly is ready ?" I say nothing of variations in the rendering of single words, as, for instance, in John ii., 8, 9, where the " governor of the feast" is the same as the "ruler of the feast"; John xv., 26, 27, where the same word is rendered "to testify," and "to bear witness " Luke xxiv., 29, where the same word is translateed " to abide," and " to tarry ," and Matthew xxv., 46, where &63vtog is translated both by "e verlasting" and " eternal," except that where they are obviously unnecessary the translation becomes less faithful by their use. 3. Another class of inaccuracies is more importantin the case of the uneducated man, who desires not only to read, but to mark and compare the different parts of his English Bible. The same proper name is continually rendered differently. Kennicott has enumerated no less than 31 instances of this in the Pentateuch alone. How can we consider the " East-end Curate's" "tool"' to do its work properly, when Gaza appears as Azza, Racelw as Rahel, Hfaran as Charran, and the like ? 4. Some passages of the translation have their meaning obscured by inattention to the exact meaning of the peculiar words employed in the original. Thus, in a most important irnstance-Matth. v., 3942., there is no trace of what is obvious in the Greek, that the acts referred to are those incident to the military occupation of Judoea by the Roman armies. Of the false applications of the text, which would have been probably precluded had the word " press" stood instead of " comDel," it is unnecessaryhere to speak. Other passages, even where their meaning is not obscured, lose much of their force by an injudicious substitution of one word for another. In Romans i., 19, the play of words in the original, "1 that which may be known of God is manifest (pavEpbv) among them: for God hath manifested (loavpwoaE) it to them," is sacrificed by the use of the word "shewed." So, Rom. xv.. 4-5, "patience anzd comfort of the Scriptures" is followed by "the God of patie,ce and comfort," just as in verses 12, 13, " in him shall the Gentiles lwpe" is followed by " Now, the God of hope." In both these cases King James's translators, by substituting " consolation" for " comfort," and " trust" for "hope," have entirely destroyed the effect of St. Paul's manner. 5. But there is nothing which wouild so decidedly improve the edge of the "C urate's" "tool " as the general discontinuance of the absurd practice of breaking up the sacred writings into chapters and verses. If any one had set to work advisedly to obscure their meaning to the utnost possible extent, he could not have hit upon a more effectual expedient. Happily, some editions have been printed in which this insane arrangement has been discontinued, and the use of them seems to be growing. The first example of the more reasonable practice was, I believe, given by that most excellent prelate, Bishop Wilson; but it has been adopted by the ract Society, and good service have they done to the cause of true religion by their so-called Paragraph Bibles, which, I trust, will within a few years supersede all others. 6. The steps which I have above suggested are independent of all considerations of the new biblical apparatus which has accrued since the existing translation of the Bible was made; I do not hesitate to say that I should wish to see one snore taken. I do not think it honest that where there are important variations in MSS. the English reader should be allowed to remain in ignorance of the fact. Whether some portions of the text, which at present stand with the same authority attaching to them as their context, should be relegated to the margin of our Bibles, or whether short notes should be appended here and there, informing the reader of the doubtful basis on - which such passages rest, I will not pretend to de- cide. But of one thing I am quite sure, that no doctrine of the church of England requires to be bolstered up by uncritical and unscholarlike handling of the text of Scripture; and that it will be an evil day for her when she gives herself over (as seems not very unlikely) to the guidance of those who would have her shun the light of sound learning. I am. S ir. vanr -adi,+ c N INCUABENYOF TEROVbNCE OF CATBBUBY. A Sept. 1.
Hiorsiay Tnm Nxw Yonx.-The BostonTra?mcript ha ssome prtinent remarks on the influence of hotel life in aNew YTorke-` "Take. for instance, a woman brought up in one of our New England or western towns, of good parentage, somae culture, and decided attractions; you have the germs of a superior charater. Choice eociety, retirement, a life of tranquil improvement, would develope the bud intoa. consummate flower. Flerbaps such a g Ir marries la businessman, who brings her to a New York hotel of the first class. For the first tine she is exposed toan epitome of the great world; daiy she is seated beside a foreign adventurer o3: an old coquette. The rude and the gentle, the pleasureseeker and the speculator, the rolitician and the trader, the vulgar andthe cuativated-aflmanglein the sphere of herdaily life. Having no housekeeping to attend to, time hangs heavily on her hands; she loiters in the drawing-rooma, and chats on the staircase; she dresses elaborately for strangers' ee;partly- from curiosity, and partly from cannu, sh.e meets half-way advances to an acquaintance, and before the. winter is over-is on familiar termis vith scores of people, of whose antecedents she knows nothing, and whose companmonshly fnitters away her time, and begets a love of admiratioil which finally become a reusie an ecte houe, nd ollct helarestcirle,orretain the greatest beau isthegoaof hr abiton.Shesoon forgets how to bluh, nd ears t tak lud,loss al carm for the refinedl andinellget, ndprdeshesel uonbeing fast. When som contr co,,i oreary fien metsher unexpectedly it s iffcut o blivesheisth same person known of yore, so completey is tedown rubbed off the peach, so ~wholly in the original interest of character evaporated. To unsex a sweet and modest. gIr t'here is no qmcker procss than nme-difled hotel iifem Gotham, The picture, how! ever, must be seen and studied to be apprecilated? Tnn AssAssiMATrow AT MALTAL-Oaptain Graves, the sauperintendent of t-he port of Malta, wvh&wa etabbedhby Maltese boatman on Mouday, the 25th of Auagust, diedl of his wounds on the following Thursday, no serious consequece hain ben ntiiptedunila few hours beore a.nl&n, fnd wo oug cilden,to epore his irreparble The conLvict establisbment. at Woolwiohi is to be entirely broken up during this week, and the whole of the convTicts9, numthriug -upwards 14100, are to be romove4 to the newr convict prisoni at Ohatham.
THE ADMILNSTBAWTOH OrMINAL LAW.- TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I have had my. attention drawn to a letter on the above subject, which appeared in your impression of th6 28th ult., signed by " A Sessions Barrister," of the Northern Circuit. I happen to have had some experience in criminal prose- cutions on the Northern Circuit, and, as the -results of my E observation differ considerably from those of your correspondeat, .1 should feel obliged if you would afford moe space to contradict one or two statements which appear in the letter alluded to. First, with regard to the remuneration of counsel and attorneys. I deny that this is so paltry and miserable as your correspondent would have you suppose. I have conducted several prosecutions at the assizes for some time back, and, although I have as much right to complain if I am underpaid as the msatbars of 'the bar, I consider that the remuneration afforded to both branches of the profession is by no zaeans insufficient. At a late assize I conducted the prosecution of a prisonez' for an offence. The case was by no means a difficult one to prove; the evidenco consisted of five or six witnesses, whose examinations were short, the facts of the case lay in exceedingly smaU compass, and the trial in court lasted, probably, three-quarters of an hout. The profits upon my bill of costs, speaking from the bill before me. as taxed by Mr. Horn, the Government official allu.led to in your correspondent's letter, exceeded 8. My troable in tfe case amounted to this,-taking down the examination of the witnesses, drawingashortFcatementof the case, andattending for one day at the assize town, no very great distance from my own residence. The counsel's fee in the case was three guineas. I give this as an instance of the remuneration allowed onthis circuit, or, at aU events, inthiscountv, merely because it happens to be one of the last in which I have been engaged. The remuneration of both counsel and attorneys varies according to the number of witnesses and the length of the brief, and, with respc-et to the attorneys, with the length of time they are detained at the assizes. So much for the assizes. With regard to cases at the sessions tho counsels' and attorneys' fees are proportionately less ; but even as to these I think you wiU alow that both are fairly compensated. At the sessions at which I have practised, and at which, by tbe way, there is no Government official to tax the costs, but where this duty is. and always has been, discharged by the clerls of the peace, the fee allowed to counsel, as the rule, is one guinea; but in cases of difficulty or trouble an L_- . cressed fee, proportioned to the case, is allowed. We have a bar second to few of any sessions in the kingdom, and the greater number of briefsi are generally borne off by gentle-. men of the long robe who reside in London, with the exception of one local barrister, who has a decided lead, and who enjoys a very wide-spread reputation. The fees of the attorneys in ordinary and usuid cases vary from 21. 10s. to 3S. 10s. But it must be remembered that the great majority of sessions cases stiU consists of paltry and trifling theftscases proved by the evidence of two or three witnesses, and before the late act, which conferred a summary jurisdiction on the committing magistrates in petty sessions, the majority of this description of cases at the sessions was overwhelming. The standing and position of the gentlemen who practise at the sessions and assizes in criminal matters, both barristers and attorneys, are considerably higher than would be supposed from a perusal of the letter of your correspondent, and rarely or never is a complaint heard of the insufficiency of the remuneration. The work is weU done, the eases fairly got up, eand in no case that over came under my own personal experience did a failure of justice occar from any defect in the conduct of the case, or from the omission of any precaution that the most careful consideration would suggest. The whole subject of the administration of the ciminal law is, no doubt, a most difficult one to deal with; and many and great mistakes have been made by the writers on the question, from the want of a thoroughly practical knowledge of the subject of which they treat, and I greatly fear that unless those who wiU have the charge of the measure which Government will probably bring forward in the next session, on the subject of public prosecu. tors, bring to bear upon it a greater rractical acquaintance with the detailsof the system which they propose to change than they have hitharto evinced, or, at aU events, take counsel with those who do possess that practical acquaintance, they will inour the risk of converting a measure which the profession generally approve-namely, theappoitmenlt of a staff of public prosecutors, into a most mischievous and pernicious innovation. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant. A LANCASBT1RE ATTOMNEY. Lancashire, Sept. L
B2ESSEAgiR'S PROCESS OF ArAKIHG IrON. TXO THE EDITOR OF THME TDIES. Sir,-Entirely agreeing, as I do, in the opinons expressed in your paper as to the great importance of this improvernent in the metallurgy of iron, there are stil some points rgrigthe quality of the result, which, in commnon with th rae should like to see cleared up. it is stated t hat the ea produced is of the same nature as that known under the name of "charceal" iron, the distinctive property of which is its freedom from auluohur, phosphorus, silici-axn, &o. urter, romthe usiilit ofthe metal (whish is onlyjustfusile, henpure at he hghet temp ieratuof and he teey caraterwhih M. Bseer anaysit soften assumes itndoes noth apetarloh ut eti that i t oda ison faree frnome crbon hor,? inrother workds that itibette at specimeso ThesIbelpints) may the atmonce cleare upf h the dief rect chymscalon anls isofs theiamls xmi ofk mneta prdued hande itamust hike astmuchfor thes itresteof then inetr. hissmself aswofuhetrde andof the puhlid, athayate asuc anslysis shudit Inth myr oiron much maetawhle that iest coldias irn, particularly "roed shrtletl,i, in fhostlact steelar kind ta of stheel Ther more"raieds vshot" girn. isuworke the better qite breoes (rm asrIbelieve)by ith bouringawa ofte exodcesshc dofuabon, andso longa it hasthsxcs it wouledsrksle undr, the haOmmer ertxacl ike steel. In thise repec t, ufc then, r. essemer' metwoald would nethb s bd,ffcaty any rae, lasl ao lractrge qantity ofeethe bar iron, anow made, wileth gorea saingl. in labor, tand, cabove iz,ing the sufcnstiuinlwa and sopeetear ofidthen phee opeative iset af vast gain,iBu Asastionmetalqusite free frmcabn eve tlnift coul be producined sb (wihe doubt) Iade not thn it ol edsrbe;fr sadmo proto ide would bhe formed uponedits hsrfc when ironted bset twoul wbreltd wihydirogulty gasnd the lidabletion ofrature ater. wardsofin.Blacksmiths willhodrealyouvthatraofchhiceelogre "fees" he ron an maes t wrk indy-ie. byte phar-i tialy eaburrngthe urfces nd foupreyenting oxidation Gues, i whch he ltte clime ashiinento the usvento of crburttedhydrgen as ithe reuto pofucthen ric ores f iro. LA ustic to te rea inv nto fthilgn TUBAL CATW~ * I havenver met with a apeocimen ofbar-irnmwbhiah, afte -aolutlon in an add, did not leave a palpable residue of carbon.
l-1- . W J S R I The snnagemeni of this establidusmnt; in con;unction 'with 3IL Jullion, under those direStion all the rnn3ca arrangements are condacted, appear detenine, n snm theprat*gc of thenew andrspUidid jraic-hall, whicl- iao in`porrnt a feature' in the Entertainmente offered to the habituceof the$uri yGaraens.- Lastnighttlietempthtion was more than usaslly strona The concert prograammes; as i vell Anown'are always versi§fiedby songs, to contrast fith the instrumental performances, and on the present occasion the post of prhn4 donna wra supported by mo less an artist thin Madame Albon, -one of the greatest singers in the World, and as a mistress o Italian, art, mbre especially iu the Rossinean school, thb greatest The namer of this peerless sinager-lays-' an attractionj no matter what the arena - proved 'an 'extraordinary one in this instance. The largest audience, without a single exception, ever assembled in the gardens was brought together; the music-hall wasliterally crammed tosiaffocatiop, andtthere wero at the very least 1,500 persons-outside 'who could aiot find even staning-room in the bailding. No better proof could be adduced that where a good thing is- to be ieard the pubc will come tohear it; and theresult of last sight hould encourage the directors to Ieep up the musical reputa. vionrvhioh the SurreyGardens acquired froDfthe outset, and to which they owe the -lace that distinguishes them honomrabl. from other iissttatioha of the' Iid- . Madame Alboni was received with enthusiastic cheerin. She sang two of her best pieces in her very best manner, and enchanted her hearers beyond measure. The first was the grand aria ofArsace, from Rossini's Senzirat*itc-"In si 'barbara sciagura"-the lorgo of 'which is one of the noblest examoles of lyrical declamation than ever' fell from the pen of the most gifted and prolific of Itali'an coraposera. In this finely expressive catntabile movement Mladame Alboni is without a ria, and, having entirely recovered from her recent indispjosition, she was able -to do it full justice. A grander specimen of pure and genuine singing was never heard. It created a jurore ; and in response to to the unanimous encore that followed, Madame Aibonito the evident delight of her numerous hearers, who cheered the first bars of the familiar orchestral symphony-gave the famous brindisi from nLucrezia Borgia, " l segreto per esser felice," finishing with the long-sustained and -incomparable t-iblo, which sbe was the first to introduce; and which no other singer dan. execute like herself. Her serond morecau, "Ah non giunge," the rondo jinaZc in La Sonnanmtuta, ws sung with the samerfction, eated the same enthusiasm, and was encored withthe samen nanitdty. In shor, the success of Alboni was what might have been anticipated and her brief engagement vill confer additiona.l dclat upon the inaugurativo, season of the Surrey Gardens. It isa peculiarity in this accomplisbed vocalist that while not one of her contemporaries has excelled her in the refinements of art few hiave possessed the secret to an equal extent of enlisting tho sympathies of the multitude. Alboni's second appearance is announced for Thursday. The decorations of the music-hall which were prepared for the grand dinner to the Guards, remain intact, and possess an especial interest for the crowds that nightly flock to the gardens.
THE LATE AM2. YARWLA. TO TEE BDITORB OF TEE TIMIES. Sir,-Your paper of to-day announces the death of William Yarrell, Esq., of Ryder-street, St. James's. Mr. Yarrell, as is well known, was formerly an extensive newspaper agentf but at the same tinoe he was one of our best naturalists. This was shown in his beautiful and valuable works on British birds and British fishes, and in a 7eral valuable and interetmig papers in the Transactions of the Linnean and Zoological Societies. Mr. Yarrell, as an ichthyologist, in conjunction with the writer of this notice, solved the problem which had perplexed naturalsts from the days of Pliny, as to the history of the eeL He clearly proved that they were oviparous, had: scales, and bred for the most part in the brackish water at the mouths of rivers-thus removing many doubts ancd difficulties on this curious subject. Mr. Yarrell has left behind him an interesting museum, chiefly of British natural history, and a valuable collection of books on that subject, much of which we should be glad to see transferred to the British Museum. Few people will be more regretted by an extensive circle of friends than Mr. Yarrell. He was kind, good, amiable, and hospitable; always ready to impart information, of whit.h he possessed a great store. The writer of this notice has a little melancholy satisfaction in giving this short and imperfect account of one whom ne had known for many years, and for whom he entertained a sincere resard and friendshin- EDWD. JESSE. East Sheen, Sept. 2.
MIURDEB OF NEw-i3oiLN TwiNs.-On Monday evning last, Mr. G. S. Brent, the deputy coroner for tho Western division of Middlesex, held an inquiry at the Kensington Workhonse, on view of the bodies of two fine children, a boy and a girl (twins), which had been found at an early hour on the previous Friday morning-, in thefront garden of a house at Pembridge-villas, Notting-hill, wrapped up as a large bundle. It apeared from the statements given to the jury by s_vera of the witnesses, including Mr. Guazzarom, the workhouse surgeon, that the bodies bad come from no very remote distance. They were tied up in what appeared to he part of a recently worn chemise, and a portion of a white petticoat, greatly stained with blood, tho whole being covered with a wrapper of black alpaca. Mr. Guazzaroni stated, in answer to the coroner, that the children had both lived and fully breathed, and aftr a careful post mortem emamination he bad found nothing in the conditions of the organs of life to prevent their having i'aintained existence had ordinary care been exercisedto. wards them. He considered the infants to be remarkably fine ones, their physical development being more than usualy good and favourable to hfe. From what he had been able to ascertain he had no hesitation in giving it as hIls opinion that their deaths had been produced by intentional suffocation and exposur,. There was every reason to conclde that the murdaa- was committed and the bodies removed as soon after birth as possible. The 3jury, after hearing some further details, remarking strongly upon the increased frequency of infanticide in the raetropoEs and suburbs, and regretting that some plan did not exist for its suppression more efficacious than that afforded by the ordinary le"al means, returned a verdict to the effect that the decoaseE infants had been wilfully murdered by some person or persons unknowin. Upon the concluson of tbe proceedings, the jury requested the Deputy C'oroner to forwvard to the Board of Guardians for :Nensingzton a letter in their name, andv which they intended to be considered as an addendum to their verdict, recommending that a reward should be pablicly offered in the neighbour. hood for the discovery of the persons who placed the bodies where they were found. FATAL Snirrwn%mRo.-We reugre to have to announcethe total loss, bylightning andshipwreck, of the China ship Ben Avon, ontward bound from London to Shanghai, attended with dis.iressing sacrifice of human life. The unfortunate ship belonged to Messrs. Leslie and Co., and vas comparatively a now-built vessel, nearly 800 tons burden. She was chartered by Messrs. W. 0. Young and Co. for a voyage to Shanghai, and left the London Docks, where she loaded, on the 5th of Mfarch last, for her destination, having a valuable cargo of merchandise on board. rs Scott, the wife of the commander, Captain R. S. Scott, ana Mr. Leslie, a son of the owne- of the ship, going out in her as passengers, were among the number who were drowned. The catastropne appears to bave occurred on the 16th of June, when the ship had arrived witnin 40 miles of Amoy, and is thus detailed in the protest mnade by Captain Scott of the vessel's loss, which wvas =ei+ed by the recent overland Indian mail:" The Ben Avon proceeded ratisfactorily on her voyage until the Sth of June. We then encountered dark and cloudy weather, with torrents of rain. About 1 o'clock on that d&y a tremendous peal of thunder broke over head, ad at the same moment the ship fore and aft was struck by lightnig. It was an appalling scene, every one on deck was strzck down wlith force, and the whole vessel and rigging presented a vind mass of fire. On recovering themselves they immediately examined the ship to ascertain the extent of damage the electric fluid had done. It had stripped most of the copper off the riggingand masts, knMcing off chocks, starting bolts, &c., anddescending to the main deck, set on mre some paper, melting the lead that covers the rudder-head, and bent the piVOt on which the compass card plays. We immediately listed the ship over, and repaired the damage in thebestwaywe coud. On comparing the compasses, we found them very much damagea; yet we were compelled to select one wnich we thought to be the least in error, and proceeded on. Several days passed with the same dark cloudy weather, with variable light -winds from the north to the south-east. On the 12th, about nGon, we got a very imperfect sight of the sum, which placed the ship about 150 miles south of the Piatas Shoal. We accordingly shaped a course to pass to ths eastward, about 60 miles, keeping the lead-log constantly going. Fromthat timeupto the 16th, on the night of wnhch she was lost, no further observation could be made. Theo weather was similar to that which we had previously met with, oppressively dark and cloudy, accompaniedl vith much rain. Shortly after midnight of the 16tE, the -wind freshened up to a gale, increasing in fury hourly with incEssant heavy rain. At 3.30 a.m. the ship was felt to graze as if she was passing over a shoDl; but directly after, she struck with great force, parted in two immediately, and fell over with her deck to the sea, which broke furiously over, sweeping everything from it. The masts soon gave way, and in less than 10 minutes the whole ship was' broken up. The ship's company clung to the spars and the fragmnents of the wreck that were floating about, and in tIls way 23 Oult of 2$ succeeded in gaining the shore. All, howrever, were more or less wvounded. by the spars and the breaking up of the ship. The whole of the cargo w asthrown out into different p arts of the coalst, which was plundered indiscriminately by the natives, who muns',erec in crest neunbers and beat off the mnen when an attempt w as miadei to rescue it from their hands. The spat where the ship; trcck was on a point to the eastwardof Xowtoo. The cocrse we were steering, after sighting on the 12th, Nwas bocrowinglargely on the Formoso, on account of our compasses being one and a-hal points more easterly than the one steered by." The names of those drownedare omittedinthe protest; but by private letters received the melancholy fate of Mr. Leslie and tho wife of Captin Scott is placed beyond a doubt. A ' USEn NnwS FiEE. TrcAlsEMTJf.T, hlfSCIRrm.- Tnoeuew Free Trade HaU at aneeter, built on the site of tbe hal1 besring that name in which the great Anti-Corn LAwr meetings were held, and wliich is-one of the mostcom. molious andlhandsome buildings in the country, is to be opened on the 8th of October next. On that occasion the proprietors give adinner and bal to their friends and- aming the principl gentlemen so be invited are Messrs.. Cobden, Brght, grown, Heywood, Kershaw, and Crook,aul members of the Iegisiature, and proprietors of the hu ing. The hall hss already been engaged for a numnber of ether meetings to succeed, including two by the Bible Soclety. It has ailo been engaged- for the - Mfonday evea. ing throughout the winter for a serias of peoples cor,certs.
LONDON AND_?-ARIS TO-THE EDITOER-OF TlE T1hE. , 1 Sir,-I have lately been sesident for soawelc x in2Pa,i and, 3S years having elapsed sinre my last vsit, I had au opportuiity of coinparing the appearance of thS city at two ae;nt periods. it the time of my former visit there -wre no gadight, scarcely any footpaths, and no proper drainage. DnlE;oil amIps hung suspended by cords aeross the streets, dirty streams of water ran dowsi the middle, and foot pusengers hid to waLk over the rough pavement, in constant danger of being splashed by the carriages that rolled by without Mnh care by the dcrivers for the poor pedestriaas. Althbugh I had heard of great improvements in Paris, I had onfl heard7of them, and I entered that city in the belief thbat in nIl siibstantial'matters London was far before *.' I confess, however, I was -soon driven to another conclusion, and compelled to,admit, in common with other Englishmen I imiet 'there, that, as compared with Paris, L6ndon is dingy, dirty,-aua Iugiy; And it is in the hopo that I nay assist in bringing about those improvements in our metropolis which you have so strongly urged that I trouble you with this letter. One of the first things that strikes this attention of an English stranger is the inxture of town and country-the appearance of trees at short intervals, and the number of gaidens- and' pleasure-grounds open to the public. In London, indeed, %vi: have our parks and squares, but, with fevw exceptions, the parks are so far removed from the great masses of popolation that, comparatively, they are but little used, while into the enclosures of our squares a mere handful of people are admitted. A considerable improvement ivould be effected if the urOprietors oe these enclosnre' conldbe induced to open them to such persons in the neighbourhood, including the better portion of the humbler classes, as aro not likely to abuse the privilege, and the same remark applies to the gardens of the inns of Court. Even, however, if this were -done, bat litile provision woull ba made forrtbe masses, particula4ly in-the central and eastern parts of London. Something mlgh tbe accomplished, nowthatintramural burying is happilyinterdicted,by planting such of the cbhirchynrds as have long been closed, and opening them to the public; but still more would be attained by making some wide streets like the Boulevards, with a line of trees down each side, and by clearing away the building, as has been done in Paris, on each side of the river. It is trae that as long as the Tbames retains its present dirty hue the less it is seen the less isourdiscreditwith foreigners; butitis to be hoped that effective measures wll at length be tal-en for preventing the present pollution. Few sights are more beautiful than the Seine in Paris, whether in the full light of day or glistening with the reflection of myriads of lamps at night; and the appearance of our own greater river, with its fleet of ships riding upon it, ought to be yet more etrikdng. SevPral of the roads in the outskirts of Lcndon, such as the New-road, City-road. Blacakfria-r.oad, Waterloo-road, Old Kent-road, and Mile-end-road, might easily be made to resemble the outer Boulevards of Paris if Parliamentary authority were obtained to buy up the small front gardens which are graduaUy. falling into disuse, and being converted, as more and more houses crowd about them, into cbeerless pens. By taking down the wals of these gardens air and sunshine would be admitted, and a large and pleasant addition made to the footpath, where, as in Paris, people might sit in fine weather under the shade of forest trees planted at intervals near the carriage-road. Some time might be necessary before the conduct of our citizens in public places of xesort would be equal to that of the Parisians, who from infancy have been habituated to such assemblies; but I have no doubt that every year would witness a manifest improvement, especially if, as in Paris, the public places were frequented by the upper as well as by the lower classes, andI by people of all ages and both sexes. Much us we pride ourselves, and generaly with good reason, on our liberal institutions, I know nothing in England that is more truly democratic than the gardens of the Palace of the Tuileries, where all ranks and conditions of men mingle without distinction, and partake of the same pleasures; and this not on a stated occasion only, butevery day and all day lonZ. Should the attendance in the publio gardens I have suggest'ed be at all equal to this, the very number of people would saffice to prevent all apprehension of such improprieties as are sometimes said to occur in Kensington-gardens, whila the training in decorous deineanour which results from the frequent contact of the poorer with the better eduicated classes would tend to produce in England tnat general politeness which is-the great charm of French intercourse, and which, in its negative form, is marked by the absence of the rude noises, quarrels, and acts of petty tyrannywhich so often disgrace our public thoroughfares. Every evening in the Palais Boyal and twice: a-week in the, gardens of the Tuileries a military band plays; and there can be no reason why Londoners should not have the same pleasure, or why they should not have as beautiful fountains as those of Paris, instead of the lugubrious display in Trafalgar-square. One admirable provision in Paris, and one which would be doubly advantageous in our more uncertain climate, is the means afforded bythe colonnade in the Palais Royal and along a large part of the Rue de Rivoli of taking exercise in wet weather. On a small scale a shelter of this kind existed, as5 we wel know, till lately in the Qaadrant; but, instead of removing the objections to this fine structure, by supplying it with the abundance of gaslamps to be found in the Palais Royal and tho Rue de Rivoli, and by substituting a glass for a solid roof, it was, in a Gothic spirit, pulled to the ground. The superiority, not only in adornment, but even in cleanliness, especially Enghsh, as we are apt to consider this latter virtue, of therestaurants and cafes of Paris over our eating and coffee-houses must be admitted by al candid observers-a superiority which we must allow extends to the cooking. The difference is, perhaps, most strikingin the second-rate class of eating and coffee-houses which ara frequented by clerks and others, who, although belonging to the educated classes, are unable to pay more than a very moderate sum for their meaL In Paris these persons dine in comfort, are supplied with a pleasing vaiiety, and have everything around them clean and neat; while in London they are condemned to eat a dinner of monotonous sameness, often in a tifling atmosphere, araid grease and dirt, and are attended by waiters whose frowsy appearance forms a strong contrast with that of the fresh-looking and dapper waiter of Paris, attired in white apron and white stoclings. Mush of the greater decorum observed in a French eatinghouse is probablyowingto the presence of the mistress of the house, who always presides. To this arrangement is also, doubtless, in part, attributable the extent to which French eating-houses are frequentedhby ladies-a practice which in turn renders the meal more home-like, and in greater ancordance with the usages of goad society. It affords also the means, mueh wanted among us, of enabling daily governesses and others similarly sitnated to obtain, at a suitable time in thc day, a substantial meaL Kot only in eating-houses and coffee-houses, butin hotels, is there a marlked superiority in Paris. What hotel in London is there, for instance, that will compare for a myoment with th EHatel deI ouvre 9 And yet at the latter afamily, while living in rooms well and even richly furnished, in the best part of the towvn, with ths gardens ofE the Tuileries and one of the finest picture galleries in thex world close at hand, may live at a moderate expense, the coet being, indeed, almost at their own discretion. Much of the picturesque appeaanco of Paris is doubtless owing to its being built of stone,-a material which we have not at hand; but it is in part attributable to the inhabitants acting mcre as a community and less as isolated individuals. Our Anglo-Saxon independence of action I is excellent in its propir place, hut when exhibited in tho shape of a pillar or an arch which t7vo neighbounrs cannot agree to paint at the sirne time, and which therefore seeras to be slit down the middle, it becomes annoying and ridiceulous. :Although in elimate and building material Paris enZoya important natural aidvantage6, our finer neighbourhood anS. Our greater wrealth ought to give the general superiority Xo Iondon; but under present circumnsta7nces very few, I imagine, wrho examine the two. cities with uanprejudied,l eyes wll hesitate in awarding the palm to Ban>s. I.am, sir, your obedient sermnt, H. H.'
-THE BAZL OZ. TO TE ED O THE TfE1S. - Sir,-Will you pennit me, as one cf the " crotohetty improvers" referred to by yourAmericau spec l correspondent in% Tfwimes of to-day, to doubt the wvsdom and soundness of his conclusion sregar th ballot-box in AxeMnica ? A *baLot-box has been tampered with in Francisco or New York; it is proposed to malce tho ballot-box transparent as a remedy; lut no American proposes to do away with the ballot-box; and why not make the ballot-box transparent; We, "the crotchetty improver," have no objection to th-At we, who consider that the ballotmeans secrecy of voting,-if it mean anything, can have no objection to a trasPrent voting-urn, the envelopes oontaining the vote- being sdeled; and we have every hope that a sheir, * and if -it be mecessary, a " monstrous watch" woulrd be in redinesF in England to protect the integrity of our ballot-boxse fromi those whose interests are affected by protectedvoting, a mounted guard is said by your Sneia Correspondent to. be neceuyinAmerica-Depend. xo& iet if .the intemityof ihe box or urn he all thatis requiredtooerdect the systems,f protd. voting at Pzliamentazy eleions in 1Ene1at n sha. vely esiy obtin the ae at s e do inIll our other elections by ballot. Tht the protection of ecoi,sIs nowr a serioos nue3tion in America, and vet much oppodi by the pro-slavery party, canot be dieui . and I canot help thiking that so.sriig a fat cmnnot-nltca; .moral to our oznstituencif ingland1 *edl it as yl T .m 8ir. 07aob,entlv.~ F HY F. BBRKELLT 'toiIo-Da-qBe, Sept. 2I
FORBIG IZVTELIGE NCE. * - ' -A&CE. A- PRowTOn of *e foUlwL_ a.ppered in our zeoond e&itiou ct ves4erdflr-- (--?.On oun OwN CORR-espoNDz:v--.) PARIS, b0No)AY, 6 par. The belef gains ground here that the French ThiEglisli Governents erntertain Widely different views w7ith respect to what is passing int Spain. It has nct, that I know of, been asserted that thiis difference has led to communications between the two Cabinets, or that it has in the least Set them at variance, but, that it soon may do so seems to be anticipated in certain quarters. The belief, which took its rise in the supposed opposite sympathies of the Governments, has gained strength in consequence of correspondence in foreign journalsespecially in thiose of Begium-aiud, still more, by xeason of the widely dissilar tone adopted by the press of London and by that of Paris in their discus3ion and appreciation of the Spanish crisisi. Too much eight should not. be attached to this last fact. The rule of non-intervention once laid down, a free and public discussion of principles may be allowed The sympathies of the English nation are notoriously in favour of the Pro-greista party in Spain, not from a feeling of partisanship, or because, as has aometimes been falsely asserted, it has hopes to obtain from that party greater commercial advantages thau from the one opposed to it, but because the Progresistas have always ahown themselvea the supporter of Constitutional liberty and public morality. The experience of two periods of the ProgresibstaS' role sufficiently shows that, whether willing or not, they are unable to effect those changes in the Spanish tariff which it is imagined would be for the benefit of English manufacturers, but the chief benefit of which would in fact be for the Spanish revenue. Owing to ignorance or prejudice, a vast number of foreigners are incapable of believing that the English nation is not always engrossed by its own material interests, and that it vatches with warm and real sympathy the growth in other lands of that liberty which it fully possesses and temperately enjoys. This grobs error of the masses in some continental countries is perhaps, not much greater than that fallen into by persons ho imag,ine that the present French Government desires, above al things, to see its own system adopted by its neighboulrs, and is ready, in[ Spain as elswhere, to give its countenance and moral support to an almost nlinuited reaction against Constitutionalism and representative government. Whoever remembers the chief events of Spanish political history during the last 20 years wllU observe that they arrange themselvesincycles. TheLiberals hold power for a short time; by their incapacity and internal dmssenions they give the advantage to their ener:es and are overthrown. Their successors, rged on by the Court and by Camarilla influences, infringe more and more on the liberties of the country, and, when they hesitate to go further, are replaced by others less scrupulous, until at last things come to such a pass,-the oppression is so great, the extortion so unendurable, the general misry so profound,-that an explosion takes place, the obnoxious Ministry is swept away, the Throne itself receives a shock, and the popular cauEs triumpiis for a time. Each succsive convulsion of this kini is more and more perilous to the Constitutional MIonarchy. The Crown is discredited, and the Democrats gain strength. There can be no doubt in the mind of any one who witnessed the events of July and August, 1854, that the throne of Isabella 1I. was then iu peril, and was saved oDly by the loyalty and popularity of Espartero. He has been reproached, not always unjustly, with want of firnness and with too great deference to the wishes of the mob, but such weakness was not to be attributed to him on that occasion, for, had he then shown the least sign of wavering, the Throne was lost, or could have been saved only after a terrible conflict. If, after Spain has passed under the yoke of a series of reactionary and tyrannical Governiments, another revolution breaks out-as in all pro. bability it will-are we, not justified in believing that it vwill be of a more destructive character than that of 3S8, and in doubting whether there wfill then be a man in Spain who, by the mere weight of his name and prestige, shall be able to stem the flood of anarchy and popular fury and to save his Sovereign's crown? O'Donnell has, I think, a great deal to answer for. In saying so, I altogether put aside the circumstances attending his advent to the supreme powrer-the treachery towards his colleague and friend, the volation of solemn eaths and nledges, fromn wFhich he would find it difficult to exculpate himself. 1 look merely at his conduct after he had dispersed all the obstacles to his vill. He deemed govermment impossible with spartero and Espartero's friends, and he took the readiest and most effectual means of ridding himself of them. But this done, his obvious duty was to consolidate such a situation as might still secure him the support of the country, and especially of that party wvich within the last few years has greatly gained in influence and supporters by the contrast of its general political probity with the corruption and evil1oings of the reactionaries. Although his inconsistencies and breaches of faith had not raised his reputation, he still might have done this. An opening was made for him, the opportunity was offered, and that by men against whom he had not scrupled to direct his cannon and musketry. To save the country from further misfortunes, they were willing to forget personal causes of complaint, and even to recognize him as their chief. He might, had he thought fit, have done great things for the cause of liberty and order. For a moment he seemed to hesitate, and to be about to choose the right road, but then, grievously misled, he turned from it and threw himself into the arms of his enemies. Those who would have saved him, and have helped hinmto save the country, now look on in wonder and regret, while those whose game he is playing smile at his blindness and predict his speedy fall. looking upon it merely in the point of view of his own interest and retention of power, his conduct appears that of a man devoid of judgment. He has irretrievably alienated the Progresistas; by persisting in the law of disamortization he secures the enmity of the clergy and the Court; while the Moderados, whose policy he has adopted, disclaim him as their cnief. Already their organs in the press begin to clamour for Narvaez as the legitimate chief of the situation O'Donnell has created. The French Government did not conceal, but rather took pains to proclaim, its approval of the change in the Spanish Administration and of the strong measureXswhich crushed the enemies of the new Mnistry and establised it in power. But it lso expressed its wish for the nmaintenance of Constitutional governmuent in that country, and none of itsdeclarations have been inconsistent with the belief that it may now consider O'Donnell to have gone too far and too fast. The Emperor Napoleon knows too well the value of lessons from the past tot to have observed that the perilous incline upon which the car of State in Spain isnow launched is te e same that on former occasions has led it to an upset. The report gains strength here that France and England are determined to persist in the remonstrances addressed to the King of Naples, and to follow them up, should he continue obstinate, by demonstrations calculated to bring him to his senses. I mention this merely as a report. It has been further rumoured to-day that there is an intention of sending a squadron to the Bay of Naples. The proceeding,s taken ag,ainst the four journals that published the letter from the Paris students to those ofTurin have been abandoned. The young men who signed the letter a3e to be admonished. Despatches have been received from Admiral Guerin, commanding the small French squadron -whose arrival at Nangasald was recently announced. They are farourable to the conclusion of the treaty between France and Japan whnich it wras the lobject of the expedition to obtain. The Messager de Bayonne, of the 30th ult., says;- "Their Majesties are in the enjoyment of excellent health, and continua to finmd t WBritz the most complete reposs and tranquillity. A few hours' excansion on the weter or i a carriage, a limited nAmber of persons admittea cash day to the honour of dining at the Insperil table, and receptions twice a week, Thursday and Sunday,-suoeh has hitherto been the routine of the movements of their Majes. ties. The Bishop of Bayonne, ML L4bat, the Mayor, and medameLsbat had the honour of diningattherilLaEngenie caWednesday ; and of Thursday Marshal Bosquet, Marshal S&rrano, General Grosbon, and the Procureur-Generas -were aromng the gnests. At the sairje of that day were preseat the Yarquis and N3rchioness of Turgot, General Courby de Cognard, NM Lfarn and Monteverde, Members of the Commission for settling the limits of the frontiers; 61b offscers of the Newon, Colonel Plomh n, of the Impetial Guard, ancd thae supefior oiEcars of the gasrrson, and the Sub-Intendant, The soire' wan kept up until1 o'clock in the morning. Their esjties.enteredthe slon a half-past 8, and rmand to the end. hho Empress waltzed tWine; Madame do Lourmel had' the honour of being selected by the Emperor to dance a cotlilon with hike."1 Th'e retail trade, of Paris continues in the same state of stagnation, and is only kept alive by the strangers who visit the capital. The starchma ds de nowveaxtds: are doing little businews, being oxelusively engaged in preparations for the winter. Silks, unfortunately, have risen enormoualy, and those wvho neglected to lay in their stocks during the last six maonths are now obliged to renew them at exorbitant prices. The production of silk- has diminished by one-eihth, while the consumption daily increases. The silk which in 1848 had faUen t,o 4Sf, and sold a short time ago at 80f., now fetches lOOf. Tdhe Paris maufacturers have received large orders during the week, both from the provmces and abroad. In the industrial districts transactions have been pretty active. The manufacturers of Rouen, Annens, Roubaix, and Rheims have but a small stock of goods on hland, and the high price of raw materials and of labour induces many' to confine themselves to the mere execution of orders. The decline in the price of cereals has not made furtfher progress in Paris during the week-. The tent ency, however, is downwaird, prices being maaintained only by the -approach of the liquidation of Aulgust and the scanty supply. The stock of flour in the haUe does not exceed 8,000 or 9,000 metrical quintals, but the heavy rains which have occasionaUly fallen during the last eight days having enabled the mills to work-, that artirle will soon become more abundant. In the provinces the decline has been also partially checked, and at Marseilles, although the importation of wheat armounted to 1,200,000 hectolitres durino the month, prices remained very fin, with the u-se of If. per hectolitre. There is no change in the cattLe market. The price of wine keeps up at Bercy, in consequence of the rise in the south and in Burgund y. Good wines have become very scarce at Bordeaux, and as the proprietors expect a vintage middling in quantity but excellent in quality, they every day raise their pretensions and refuse to part with their wines at the market prices. Languedoc brandy sells in Paris at from 200f. to 2M5f., and spirits from beet at 147f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71f. 5c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., at 95f.; and the New Loan, at 70f. 75c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,372f. 5oc.; Great Northern, 1,030f.; Straburg, 930f.; new shares, 8t7f. aOc. ; Paris and Lyons, 1,367f. 50c.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,7T0f.; Western of France, 955f.; B3ordeaux and Cette, 775f.; Great Central of France, 6801. ; Lyons and Geneva, 802f. 50c. ; Bank of Cridit M3obilier, l,64f.; Austrian Railways, 880f. Cour2 &uqsique.-PARLS, Sept. L- Cash Rrices.- Four-and-a-Half par Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 94f. o0c. 60c. 6Cc. 55c.; ditto Loan of 1855 (70 rLer ceat. paid), 94f. 65c.; ditto Certicates (70 per oent. pa7;d), 94f. 55c. ; Three per Cents., 70. 35c. 50c. 60c.; ditto Loan of 855 (70 per -cent. paid), 70f. 45c. 50c.; ditto Certificates (70 per cent. paid?, 70Q. 4.5c 50c.; Bank Actions, 4,15Qf.; Crfdit Foncer, 655f.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 440f.; ditto Three per Cents., 400f.; ditto Tenths, Four per Cent., S7f. 5c. - ditto Three per Cents., 80f. - Prom. Obligations of 1,66F., Three per Cents., 930f. Crdit Mobilier, 1,630f. 1,637f. 50c. 1,640f. 1,645f.; Discount Bank, 692f. 0c. 695f. Pliedmontese Fivo per Cents., 92f. 50c.; ditto Three per &nts., 56f.; Rentes de Na lea (Rothschild's), 113£.; Spanish Interior Debt, 40f. a- change on London, at eight, money, 25f. 27Tc.; three month-, money, 251. ITALY. (mROM OUR OWN- COMIPONDENTS.) TUBIN', AUG. 23. The reply, or rather the spirit of the reply, attributed to the Kin£g of Naples by the CoWne Gazette, i answer to the remonstrances of the Western Powers, has excited great admiration in the official papers of the Lombardo-Veneto, and the Gazzettc di Verona especially is delighted with what vulgar little boys would call the " cheekiness" of His Majesty's retaliations on England. These, the Yeroma Gazette says, are not addressed to the whole British Cabinet, but personally to Lord Palmerston (his Lordship being the member of the Government more immediately responsible for the state of India and Irela,nd, I presume !), and intended to show him how his presence in the Cabinet had injured the good understanding existing between the two States. It says . "This is the argument which has most shaken the Prime mAinister of England, and has most bitterly offended his 'seeptibility. To speak of Ireland and India, and the manner in which British liberalism is administered in thosa regions, is to thror in the face of the English Government al the opprobrium of a barbarism which luckily has noex_ ample elsewhere. It is well that once more the deformed contradiction between the zeal of England for the welfare of Italy, of Poland, and of Greece, and its conduct towards Ireland should be laid bare. The possession of that island is a morbid cancer, continuaUy 'eating the foun. dations of public tranquillity in the United Kingdom, arnd highly compromising to its dignity in the face of Europe. Without any participation in the advantages enioyed by the sister island--onerously bearing the weight of this union-bound in fetters for all that a people holds most dear, in religion, habits, legislation-Ireland is continually on the watch for a propitious moment to rise and emancipate itself from its powerfal bonds with England. The spirit of insurrection is the order of the day there more than in Italy or Poland, and if its manifestations are more rare and do not attain such threatening proportions, it is due exclusively to the much greater pressure exercised by the English Government than that which England laments so bitterly, pre. suming it to weigh on other countries. Neither did the English Government ever think of destroying the cause of this perpetual and systematic discontent, and this ever-reviving insurrection, by according to Ireland a share in the general advantages, as it ought to have done, in compensation for its loss in being associated with the united ldngdom. Nor can it be said that such are the exigencies of the special conditiosx of that State, because it possesses elements of prosperity that, if they escaped the usurious hand of the English ardministration, might greatly raise that country in the estimation of Europe." After this display of impartiality and honest information on the stateof Ireland, you wiiR not be surprised to learn that the Verona Gazette thought the remarks of The Times on the subject " mere empty argument to palliate the conduct of the public adsninistration." But there is another quotation I have to make from this article for your meditation, beaxing in mind always that it is from the official journal of the Viceregal Government of the Lombardo-Veneto, published at Verona, the scat of that Government. Speaking of the right of intervention, it says:- "It appears that England herself isinterestedthattheidea of intervention should not be generalized for every occasionor that it should be pretended that one State has the right of meddling in the internal affairs of another without restriction, ,precis,ly because she has i.stitutions which, either by their nature or from the abuse of their application, give offence to al other States, with few exceptions, and might, therefore, provoke a general intervention to her disadvantage. If England, not having any interests of her own, desired that Sicily should be governed by a constitr; tional form, who could prevent all Europe from demanding that in England should cease once for all that apathetic iegislation which allows the English territory to become the hiding place in which political assassins can conceal themEelves, and which leaves uncurbed a licentious press that vilfies all Governmnets, al institutions, a}l principles, when they don't agree with its caprices ' And who can doubt that the patxons of the journal which hazards such remarks under authority re- gard the free institutions of England with only one degree less horror than those of Piedmont inasmuch as they exist further from their own dominions, or that they continually cherish the hope of one day annihilating all such?abominations by some new development of the Holy Alliance ? It is said here that several persons in the district of Mantua whose property has been under sequestration since 1853, have had their properties returned to them within the last few days, but they were all Austrian subjects, and nothing has yet, been done towads relieving the subjects of this country who are suffering from similar wrongs. As a proof that concession on this matter can only be hoped Icr on compulsion from the Austrian Government, it is added by my informant from Lombardy, that when Baron Bach was at Mian he exerted himself to make himself agreeable to those Lombards with whom he came i contact, and assured them always that it wva the inten*tionof the Governmentto abolish the sequestrations, but he was particularly careful never to allude top the Sardinian subjects, or even to mention the namo of P:edmont. A3a Last hope, it is confidently stated, now that the Emperor and .Empress are coming to Venice in November next, and, if so happy a circuimstance as this visit to his loving subjects does no' I bringforth a bread and comprehensive amnesty, the" noblemen andigentlemen. who hiavebeen so unjuStifiably deprived of their 'estates may well be ex- cused if they abandon all hope of - jusce at the. bands of the Emperor. of Austria, and claim. the protection of their ovr-Sovereign and liia`allie; agannst the continuation'of such an, imposition. CountStackelberg had the honour of being presented to His Majesty Victor Emmanuel this morning, for' the purp~ose of delivering' his loeters iaccrediting him Minister Plenipotentiary and } nvoy Extraordinary: for His Majesty the Emperor of lRussia at this Court. The presentation wais conducted with all those for. melities for which t;his Court used to be celebrated, but with which the present oecupant of the Throne is glad to dispense Iwhenever he reaqonably can. If privato gossip may be depended upon, it is the cue of the newv Russian Miister to speak in the same contemptuous terms of the hypocritical' policy of Austria as when he'was' here last MIay in another capacity, but the expressions of Russian officials, in wvhatever pos.ition they may be, is always liable to the suspicion of an "arrWepensge," and therefore perhaps never obtain the full credit for sincerity wfhich they no doubt often deserve. IL. Mazzini perseveres in addressing all classes of his countrymen through the columns of the Italia e .Popolo of Genoa. A short time ag6 it was the I students of the Universities whom he exhorted to make martyrs of themselves on their entrance to the world; no,w he appeals to the soldiers of Italy, under whatever banner they may at present be serving, to join in forming a national army for the defence of the country's liberty. He advocates territorial grants to be made to the soldiers of the country as a recompense or token of gratitude for their services after the object of the war shall have been obtained, but it is doubtfld if this systeD of ayment will prove morepopular with the soldiers of Italy than his crowns of martyrdom did with the students. The Sardinian Government has sequestrated two papers at Genoa this week-the ItaZia e PopoZo and the 21aga-for publishing lists of suibscriptions to a fund for presenting a gift of 10,000 muskets to the 'irst province of Italy which shall rise against the common enemy. The Italei e Pospoio, however, I see, continues to publish its subsaription lists, only under the head of "Patriotic Fund." The Pope has lately made an important concession towards the people of this country, which, if it does not prove the growing affection of the Church for liberal institutions, s'ows at least that the chiefs are quite awak-e to the necessity of relaxing their discipline to accord with increased civil freedom. His Holiness has granted power to the Bishops of this kingdom to allow tne faithful to read and retain the journals prohibited a mre et ao homine, for so long as the liberhy of the press eiss in Piedmont, or for so long as may seem convenient to His Holiness. The meaning of this move is, that hitherto priests, who acted strictly in accordance with their instructions, refused to give absolution at the confessional to persons who acknowledged to have been guilty of reading certain newspapers whichthe Church authorities thought proper to proscribe, and the consequence was, that the people, instead of being frightened into submission to the Church by sulch threats, persisted in reading the papers and gave up g,oing to confession. What a pity that the principle of conciliation in matters of discipline which is acted upon in this instance is not allowed a 'wider extension in the relation of Church and State I Prince Murat is still at Aix-les-Bains, much to the annoyance of King Ferdinand's agents, who will have it that his presence there is menacing to the tranquillity of their august Sovereign. It may be so, but it certainly must be their Sovereign's own fault if it is, for, altholugh there is a report of a 3Iuratist proclamation having been circulated at Naples lately, it is evident that Muralist claims to be threatening to the Bourbon must be advocated at Paris, and not in the dominions of the King of Sardinia. NTA:PLES, AUo. 28. Sicily has had its proclamations as well as Naples, and a very long one 'which has recently fallen into my hands tells a tale of injuries and sufferings undeniable, though in somewhat of an inflated style. Violent in its expression, it well represents the heated and excited feelings of the inhabitants of that interesting and oppressed island, and proves the existence of an intense hostility to the actual Government, which must be always full of danger to public order and tranquillity. Yet there is peace on the surface, and so there is in Naples, but what thinking, reasoning man will ever trust that peace which has no healthy motive or firm foundation ? Tn fact, the Sovereign of these realms, asit appears to me, ought to sit as confidently on the boiler of a high-pressure steam-engine or on the crater of Vesuvius as he does on his throne. There can be no safety whese there is no justice, and where an effort is made to subject 8,000,000 of minds to the absolute dominion of one. There is one feature in the proclamation of which many speak in terms of unmingled praise, and that is the disposition which it shows to unite with the Yeapolitans for common objects. Another and a yet more promising feature in these proclamations which have been pablished at di qua, as well as al di la del Faro, is the open acknowledgment of great mistakes, showing that experience, however painful, has brought vath it wisdom, and that the Revolution of 1848, thongh apparently abortive, has carried them on in reality nearer to success. The Sicilians have, however, another painfullesson to learn, and that is not to expect anything as a matter of right from the British Government. In the blue book for Naples and Sicily Lo:d Palmerston tells Lord Normaanby on the 13th of January. 1848, that a guarantee for the constitution of 1812 was never asked for and never given. I allude to the point for two reasons:-first to correct an error into which I myself have inadvertently fallen at times; and secondly, to dissuade the people of this country from indulging in false expectations, and thus to guard them from sinking, as they now appear to be doing, under the reaction of disappointment. What In common equity the Neapolito-Sicilians might have expected after the strong declarations of the fir-t statesmen of Europe is one thing; what they can demand as a right is another. Political complications, alas, know neither equity nor honour, and it is an affair of 1ittle consequence to sacrifice the feelings and the expectations of a whole people to a turn in the diplomatic vane. On Sunday morning we received by telegraph the news of the death of our late much respected and lamented Minister. I have heard from all parties the expression of but one feeling-that of deep regvret, mingled wzith much affiection and respect. Sir WYilliam Temple was a wonderful instance of a man remaining a quarter of a century at a Court unsWayed by its influence, and especially at such a Court as that of Naples, where attempts are often made, and successfully, it is said, to corrupt the members of the diplomatic -body. I believe no one instance could be adduced, when, from the fear of losing or from the hope of gainmg Court favour, he ever disguised an opinion or swerved from what he considered to be anhonest straightforward policy. That policy was invariably of 'the most liberal character, and in defence of the oppressed and the compromised it was carried out to the very extremest verge of diplomatic propriety,' without, however, passing it. No man 'was better informed as to the position of the country than he; no man had more decided opinions as to the corrupt and hopeless character of the system of government adopted here, and therefore it was that lie never shrank from an opportunity of giving expression to his sentiments. Sound in his judg-7 ments, he was slow in forming them, and this it was which often gave his conduct the appearance of vacillation, and acquired for hin a reputation of want of energy greater, 'perhaps, than he merited. I must not,' however, sacrifice truth to a proverb, often sentimentally and injuriously adlopted, " de nwttt5 nit nisi bonnm.' His Excellency was undoubtedly deficient in energy, but it often arose from the extreme honesty of his character, anid latterly from his enfeebled health. Peacebe with himn! Byall partie3he will be long remembered and respected as the honest Minister,' and by the poor as the bountiful, judicious, and secret benefactor. It is to be hoped that in appointing a successor to Sir William Temple British in.' fluence, which' is now at a low ebb in thi. country, will not be 'sacrificed to family in4 fluence. What is wanted at this Court is a man favourable to a decidedly progressive policy, "whi'cl cannot be the case with any one who will truckid to Austria,-a man well acquainted with th6 country, possessing born vigilane and eAergy, andc disposed to support the' commercial aS well as the political interests of Englishmen. Such a Ministea' at the Court of Noaples may do much to pro;notd the liberties of Italy ad increase theinfluence of the British Government.' On Monday last, -too,-.ro lost, though it ix |to be rusted- only for a time, Mr. Fagan, long attoched to our Igatio in Naples. D,ting ,the whole peribd of the residence of Sir William :Temple here ho hBs been his iEzcellehcy.s confide-'a -tial secretary. 'In .the spr.ing of the year Mri. Fagan received an appointment as First .Secretary of Lego tion at 33uenos Ayrez, but he was foaund to be so necessary.to the late Minister that leave of .absence was granted from the Foreign-office. Mir. Fagan -was born and educated in this country, is intimately acquainted with alits secret history, with its Court jntri"ues, wvtb. allpersons and thing, and cn tbe recently acknowledged principle that the right man: should be in the right place thiere can be nlone wFhom' it would boso desirable to xetain in the service of this Lepgatibn. Much, therefore, is it hoped by all parties, both on political and personal grounds, that Mj. Fagan's absence from Naples wflfbe only teinporary.
DR. M1 7fTELE AND MR. CONYBEARE. Dr. M'Neile presents his complments to the. Editor of D7ie Time, and requests the favour of the publication of the enclosed letters-the sequel to a correspondenee wrhich appeared inl The Titms' above two years ago. Liverpool, Sept.]L "' Albury-house, taverpool, Aug. 18. "Rev. Sir,-You will, no doubt, be surpswsed to receiv o a letter from me after so long a time, but better late thail never, and I 'ws to give you opportunity, even now, to make the only repsation in your power for an injury done. "Under the disguise of an anonymous reviewer you attacked me by name, and published a gratuitous fabrica. tion against me-a statement wholly unfounded It war calculated to be as injuions to my character among those who had no acquaintance with myself or my writings as anything could be to a Christan clergyman. it wzx without the slightest provocation on my part, and while from your conversation and manner I had every reason to believe you entertained friendly feelings towards me, as I certainly did towards you. "K Knowing yon to be the author of the article in ques. tion, I wrote to you on the subject, and at the same time published my letter. Of tlis you had no just reason to complain, as your accusation was pablished and doing its mischief far and wide. You did not answer my letter. "In your absence, your father endeavoured to justify what yon had written, by saying that he had been your informant against me. On examination, however, he 'was compelled to acknowledge that he had been mistaken, and with becoming franulness he withdrew the feeble shield which he had extended over you. Through the eourtesy of the Editor of 17te Timns my letter to you and my corre. spondence 'with your father obtained the widest possible circulation. Still you gave no answer to my letter. " After aU this, with the mortification of your father's defeat before your eyes, and the consciousness of inability to answer my letter satisfactorily in your heart, yon reprinted the article containing, without mitigation, what you must then have lEnown was an unfounded and untenable accusation against me. " I am aware that in a subsequent reprint, where your authorship is avowed, you have omitted 'the names of all living individuals,' but in so doing you have used these words, 'In making this change, however, I wish it distinctly to be understood that I retract nothing which I have previously published, except in the single instance of the Bishop of Ossory.' "Thus, then, in my instance you have deliberately adopted a calumny which you have not dared to defend, and which I now call upon yon, as a gentleman, either to substantiate or retract. 'I sin, Rev. Sir, your obedient servant, "HUGH INTEIME. " Rev. W. J. Conybeare." " St. Nicholas, Cardif, Aug. 20. "' Rev. Sir,-The statement of 'which you complain was a statement that you were one of the leaders of a large and influential party in the church-viz., the extreme section of the Evangelical party. This statement, published thrce years ago, I cannot retract, as it is unques'tionably trne. It was made, not on the authority of any information received from others, but from my own knowledge. II To call this statement ' a gratuitous fabricatior' is to use language which 'would justify me in leaving your letter -unnoticed, and which compels me to decline aU furt her correspondence with you. "I have the honour to remain, Rev. Sir, - " Your obedient servant, *' W. 3. CONYBEAIB. "P.S. The tone of your letter shall not prevent my expressing my sincere regret that I ever mentioned your name in a way 'which annoyed you. Of this regret Igave thebest proof by suppressing the passage of which you complain when my essays were republished a year and a-half ago. "Rev. Dr. MNeile." " Albury-house, LiverpooL Aug. 23. "Rev. Sir,-Your statement of which I complained was not what you now describe it. It was not ' a statement that I ama one of the leaders of a lazge and influential party in the church-viz., the extreme section of the Evangelical party.' " Even had this been your statement, I would have had some cause for complaint, since, according to your description of that extreme section, I have never been a member of it, much less a leader. " But you went much further. You called me the leader of a party who teach ' the 'worthlessness of morality ; and, although you admitted that they seldom advancs into actual Antinomianism, you ascribe this to their conscience at the expense of their creed. " This is what I complained of. This is what I caled a gratuitous fabrication; and, althougb the phrase has wounded you, the facts of the case compel me to repeat. My first letter to yon, after citing the words of your essay, contained the following passage:- " ' But my inquiry is, on. what evidence you have felt yourself at liberty to drag me before the public as the eader of a par'-y who, as you allege, teach, or infer, tl e worthlessness ok .morality? LI you can cite any pas'-gc from any of my bc-3sk, or sermons, or speeches, justly exposing me to such an accusation, I shall feal obliged by vomn doing so, and I shall +xke care to hava the mischief expunged from the nea; En, wiih a penitent acknowledgment of the past evil ;i'.cr C ndesigeed. But if you can find no such pss,, ^.d if my publcations abound, as they do,withpassagesdirectly the reverse, then, I tink, Ihave a-gLbto exrcst :hat you will aeknowledle your fanl' 'ging ginat a brotherCle.gyman-an acquaint. -.. .' y y. ras bnding, for 'whom you have always Fr,,t.to entertain sentiments of Christian kindness, a i v'ho $i4 alw.ys entertained the same towards you-an arc'uestion which you are utterly unable toSUstain. Ihave a riht to expect, further, thai' in all fairness, and upright. ness, and eqjuity, you will make your confession as public as your fault--i. e, that you will have it imserted in the pages of the Bdmibin-rgh Beic.r. " 'II cannot doubt your willingness to do this act oE jusm tice, because I cannot as yet hold you guilty of more than an inadverten30, though of a very grave character.' " I am sorry to say that now I am compelled to hold you guilty of more, much more than an inadvertence. You made a statement of a mest injurious nature concerning me, which I solemnly assured you was not true. I requested -'ou to support your assertion with even, an appearance of proof, expressing my 'willingness-nny, my anxiety, to remove it if such existed. Yout supplied none. After a long time you repeated the stWtomena, without any attempt at proofora ny recogrition of my remonstranoe. Such con1 duct fuo1y justified me in calling the statement a gratuitous fabrication, and daring you to the proof of it. Still you attempt no proof, and yet you refuse to retract the statement. - -The regret expressed in yourpostscript is no retractation, and I marvel how ,ou can refer, as you do, to the suppression of the passge when your essay was republished, seeing that in the preface to that republication you have (as I have already pointed out to you) expressly re-adopted and endorsed all the passages in question. "Talentshighandunquestionable may beexhibited at too-high a price, ana reputation as a clever writer mayprove but a gilded monument erected on the ruins of reputatioe as im accurate and. truthful man. I hope this exposure may be attended with one good result, in maling reviewerS either more sparing in their personalities or more can tiously accurate in their allegations, or both. "I am, Rev. Sir, your faithful servant, e HUGH M2EILE. "1 Esev. W. JT. Co nyb ear e . "
A Wicnow . NUGGET.-AXEIOW, Atlg. 27.-On Friday last, whilea three poor men in this locality were searching for grairs in tlhb old gold streams, they found a fne ,nuggot of remarkable purity, veighirg more thaa six onnces troy weight., It is a very rich specimen of native gold. We have extensivo goldfields here, but we want spi t,and -energy on the pa :of those who. possess the abilities to develope the mineral resources of this locality. The-golAd mine-is on-the estate of the Right Hon. the Eirl , of Carydort. The piece of gold will be sold for 30!. - . : illsT !.-On 3Eonday; by command of Colonel Lord EXfield, the7volunteers to the 2d Middlesex, or Edinontoh Bide MilitTia, were sunim6fied to ,muster for training at Barnet, on the Oth. 1 Al who absent themselves are to be,treatedas deserters.-
THE Hors.-The weather of the past week ha3 been all that could have been desired for the hop plantations, which have greatly improved in appearance in all parts of the country. It is now therefore placed beyon& a reasonable doubt that the crop wMll be large, and generally of very supeior quality; though somre well-inforned 3,aues r oa on that t'he duty will be much nearer S5O,OCOLtban" 0,OOl., at which it hs been set by neare sanguine speculators. In the several districts round aid. stone lcking euill be generalthis week; but it is not lkely, shcmldthe weather be dry, to last so long aS last yeart .a circumstance -which will materially contribtte to prove the qualty of the bulk. This will probably induce the nnerchants and dealers to lay ia good stock, as the samples will keep; and it is toleraoly certain that next year's growth will be considerably lea, since many of the old plantations aust be grubbed ap, in consequence of the exhaustion of the last two years. Onr Canterbury correspondent informs us that in that neigh. bourhocd the hops have grown out surprisingly doring the last fortnight; especially the. grapes, which at one imbe had Come to a stan&stil. E:e adds that thare ise but little mould in the grounds, and that limited to some of-the under-hope aMong the goldings, which of course wil not be pickea, rio that the Sample willnot,be affecd Pchking partially, oommenoed yesterday (Monday), ad mTaay growers awll commence before the week is out. The plantations, which at this timbe l year were full of Tnmnin, a:re now free fom anything of the ind, and ith crop promisee to be ex6ecdingly large and excellent From Benebleyw e lean that picking *asbegunla6t week, but thiatit waspre. mature, as the hope vould not dry well; and our torrespondent desires usto remind the plantm of the old usful prtlticeof leepng jy hnarto oaatoatulofwaer -wee k next. Xrom ev other diatrict the acoou-tg-received are nnifonrly favourAble as to the fine quality and lag quantityt of te crop. f - va t
BA-LTWAY ANDArYIVG SHARE& Tuesday Evening. There w,as omne fluctuationintherailway-market, .and prices in the later hours .exhibited firmness. Soine of the Scotch lines improved, Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee, mid North-British experiencing , increased demand. Caledonian presented little %hange. A slight decline took place in Great Weztern of Canada and some other of the foreign and 'colonial shares showed heaviness. Sales of Royal -13ritish Bank shares forced the price down to 24, the ea.lier transiactions havin<g ben at 27. Australian land and banklng securities were steady. -Otteman Bank closed 1 to j dis.; Bank of Egypt, q, dis. to par; National Discount Company, ' to 11 pm.; Riga Railway, 14 to Q pm.; Pernambuco, I to 1 pm.; Lo:nbardo-Venetian, 6Q to g pm.; Bank .of Switzerland, j dis. to par; Ceylon, 1 to 20 pm.; -Ben,-1, to j pm.; Euphrates Valley, j to f pm.; .lIxndon Discount, Z pm.; Copiapo Extension, par ,to - pm. ; and Levant Company, par to f pm. ORDINARY sARBES AND OOK5 .
Tars MALs. - SouTHAmz os, Sept. 2. -The Royal mail steamship Orinoco sailed this afternoon with the West India, Mexican, and Pacific maails, about 130 nissengers, 14,0001. in specie, jewelry value 8,0001., and a full general cargo. The Tamar, Captain Jellicoe, with the. Brazilian and River Plate mails, is expected about the l0th inst. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's screw steamer Alhambra, Captain Joy, is hourly expected with the mails from Gibraltar, Cadis, Lisbon, Oporto, and Vigo. The Indus, Captain Brooks, leaves on Thursday with the India, Cbins, and Mediterranean mails, and about 2,500 boxes of specie. The steamer Barcelona, the pioneer of a new line of steamships under the Spanish flag between Hamburg said Southampton and Santander, Corunna, Cadiz, alga Aicante, Carthagena, Valencia> and Barcelona, is extected to arrive at Southam ton in a day or two from the FT0poronher way to Tburg. hese steamers are to run regularly every month, calling at Southampton both Ways to laud and uischarge cargo, pusasen3ers, &c. The UJnited States mail steamship Arago, Captain Lines, from New York to Havre, with the French and English mails, is expected to arrive oflfCewes about Thursday or Friday Tfwn COLDnrSe STRIKE AT BARNs= .-qalt of the hands who, 10 weeks ago, struck work at the Oaks Colliery, near Barnsley, on the ground that the manager, Mr. Minto, was incompetent to work the mine in a safe and efficient manner, have returned to their work, the dispute having ended in a compromise, whereby M.r. 31into is to act under the orders of another person, who is appointed to superintend the pit. A few of the men, however, obstinately refuse to return to work, and it is understood that the ringleaders in the strike are not to be employed again. Both masters and men have suffered severely from the late strike, a capital of 80,CO01. having vemained unproductive during the 10 weeks the dispute has lasted, and many of the colliers and their families being reduced almost' to starvation. On iMonday the followibg notice was issued by the committee:-"In consequence of a number of the men on strike havinn acenopted the masters' terms rather than be ejected 'rom their 8ottages, the committee have deemed it useles3 further to prolong the struggle in which they have been engaged for the last 10 wasks. To want of organization and funds they have been opposed byall the resources that. wealth, vindictiveness, and a combination of the maaters could effoct. The committee now beg to return their sincere Thanks to the public for their kdnd sympathy and generous suppart; and also to 2hze Timrs, Herald, Advertiser, and the Mianchester and local press, for the able assistance they have rendered by the puhlidity given to, and in some instances advocacy of their cause. The public having become& acquainted with the cause of the strike, the dommittee trust that should another accident occur, and looking at theCyimer corner7 verdict, they will demand' a searching invettigation. Usonos TuosyoN."
HM'RIC HEm&gs Osnimox or LoN-Dow.-I have seen the greatest wonder which the -worldl can ahow to the astonlised spirit; I have seen it, and am still astonishedand still t-here remains fixed in my memory the stone forest of hoeoses, and amid them the rushing stream. of face of living men with all their motley passions, all their terrible imopulses of love, of hunger, and of hatred-I mean London. Send a, philosopher to London, but, for your life, no post! Send 2. ihilosopher there, and standl hira at the corner of Cheapside, where hewililearm3ore than from althe~booke, ofth last leipsic fair; and as the billows of human life rToar amound him, so wBil a sea of new thoughts rise before him', and the Eternal Spirit wihich moves upon the face of the waiters will breathe utpon him ; the most hidden wecrets. of social harmony will be sud-denly revealed to him, he wfil bear tlhe Vulse of the world beat auadibly, and see it visibly -or, ff London is tho right hand of the world-its active . might right hand-then we imay regard the route which leads f:~om. the Exchange toIDowning-street as the world's plrcartery. Buit neover send a poet to London IThLis downright earnstness of allthings,this colossaluniformity, 7this ssmtchine-like movement~, this troubled spirit in pleasure itself, ibis exaggrated London, smiothers the Imagination and rends the heat. And should youa ever sendl a Gxerman poet thither~-a dreamer, who stares at everything, even a% ragged beggar -woman, or the shining wares of a goldsmnith's shop-wh" thien, at least, he wfil find things going right bav-Iithhm.-Picdures of Travel, translated from the GeruLasiof HeinricthHeine,
COURT OF BA EB UP TY, BasinI-atr?ec Scpt. 2. gh PT? PF W - f.TTAM A -\ I (BPfore Mr. Comnmisioncr HoLRoYD-A - 'noe Panrupt was a shipbroker of Sun-court, Cornhill, and elsewnere, His accounts as prepared by 3essrs. Harding and Pullein, extend from June 24, 1849, to April 15, 1856, and. contain the following items--Dr.-Surplue, -June 24 184R %2,1511 - creditors unsecur-d, 38,0721. ; credi- .4,p4i secured, 2,1211.; creditors fully secured, 8,873; liablities onbills, &o., 58,4651., of which 2,_110Z. only are expected to be claimed against the estate, risks on underwnting, about 62,0097., of which about 10,O snay become prools against the estate ; brokerage profits, 60,7281.- premiums, &C., for underwriing, 121,061. Cr.-Good debtors, 22,5381.; doutbtful, -1,672; poerty, 13,0741.; consignments, &c., 2,921. ; propert7 Cold by creditors partiallysecured, 151.; by creditors fully seIured, 9.2941. irade expenses, '17,5701.; interest, 3,4281. ; law charges, 6481.; domestic and nersonal expenses, 9,9271.; losses on badritit M9 sdudry losses, 28,3291.; losses by This was the examination meeting. Mr. GREW, for the assignees, sad the bankrupt and Mr. Beckwith had been in the practice of underwriting in their ! separate names, although a partnership might be said to have existed between therm. The question arose how claims under such policies mustbeproved. It was contendei that' the proof mustbeagainst the joint estate of Young and Beckwith, as partners On the contrary, M4r. Green rubmitted thclt the proofs must be against each personi S Rsaid he had a vsy strong opinion that the! larims musti be proved against each person separately; but, if it were wished to have the question fully argued, a day might be had for the urpose. MFr. GstT, sn analyziing the accounts of the bankrpat isaid that the unscured debts -would probably be 74, O1 and the assets available for their hquadatsun 39,7001. Tho elaims of the bondw fdc trade credEtors were no more thwas 40,0001., thetgreatr portion, or early the whole, of the biroeren betwfeen that amount and thc 74,d001. arising from liabilities incurred by the bankrupt for Messrs. Syers, Walker, and Co. But for thosa liabilities it *ould be observed that the estate was verr nearly solvent. A s it was, if they could avoid litigat.ion, t'here would probably be a brokerage profits ha;ving gbeheCn 60,000. during trhe sio yhear over which the accounts extended, the personal expenditure of upwards of 9,0001., or at the rate of 1,5001. a.year, was not complained of. The accounts were satisfactory, and there was no objection to the bankrupt passing his examination. The bankrupt passed accordingly. N RSE W. HAWEE The bankrupt was a builder and medical fixture dealer. of Great Queen.street, Lincoln's-inn-fields. His accounts show-debts, 4,2861, and assets about 1,9001 This was the examination meoting. Mr. CHDLEY, for the bankrupt, said Mr. May, as representing the assignees, was perfectly satisfied, and the bankrupt passed. IN RLE IRDRICK LONG. The bankrupt is described as &awarehouseman, of Kingstreet, Cheapside, and elsewhere, also trading as T. L. Atkinson and 0. Long and Co., and with Mi. Gosselin. The balance-sheet of Frederick Long and Charles Gosselin extends from January 1, 1855, to October 26, 1855, and contains the following items :-Vnseciiredereditors, 4,225L1 capital of C. Gosselin, 12,4531.; property, 3,4931.; good debtors, 17M.; profits, 1181.* drawn out by Long, 5,9491.; losses, 5,9491.; and trade expenses, 2,0201. The separate balance-sheet of F. Long shows debts and liabilities 9,6001., and assets about 6001. Th:s waZ an adjourned examinatioa meeting; Mr. Baggley appeared for the assignees, and Mrl Linlkater for the bankrupt. After some complaints of the miserable amount of thq boankrupt's assets, the frequent adjouruments, and the inability to procurre the attendanco of Atkinson, a relative of the bankrupt, and whzo had been his clerk, H Eis HoNou ordered an adjournment sine die, with protection for two months. Nz RE E. THELASSO. The oankrupt was a Greek merchant of Bury-court, St' Mary-axe. His accounts show debts 8,2231., and assets of r nearly the same amount, but which assets consist almost Ientirelyof consignments to Constantinople; and are expected by the creditors to produce ony a verysenalg asu. An adjournment of the bankupt's examination was now ordered, with a view to allow time for his effecting an ar,angement with his creditors.
POLICE. GUITDHALL.-In consequence of the report which appeared in the morning papers relative to the charge made against some of the officers of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals of having received bribes to suppress prosecutions the court was crowvded to excess. Mr. Weymss, the manager of the society, was in attendance long befora the hour appointed for investigation, and one of the committee sat on the bench, by the side of Sir Peter Laurie. Mx. Waymss said,-Iamdireded bythesocietytostatethat they desire the most searching imve-stigation into the matter, whatever may be the result, and they trust the inquiry will be made as publc by the gentlemen of the press as the charge has been. It has been inall the papers. Sir P. LAuIsR.-I am very glad to see the dieposition of the society, and you shall have the fullest opportunity for investigation; and you may depend upon having jnstice done you by the press. Mr. Weymss said, the officers were in attendance to meet any c harge. Joseph Try, the defendant, then answered to his rame, and the officers of the society, seven in number, wese arranged before the,bench before Sir P. LAUIUE and Alderman LAWRvRNcE. Sir P. LA.Im -Now, Mr. Potter, look at these men and see if you can identify any one of them. Mr. Potter.-Neither of these men is the man I paid the money to. Mxsr. Weymss.-I expected this would be the result of the inquiry. I do not krnow whether you are aware that there are parties going about Iondon who represent that they belong to the society, and wfe have no control over those men. Sir P. LURIE.-That is what I suspected, and therefore it was I wished this inquiry to take place, as it would exculpate the society from al imputation and would put the pubilic on their guard against impostors. What are the names of the officers, and how long have they been with the society ? Their names and the date of their entrance into the service of the society were then given as follows:-George Walker, 2 years; John Pearsal, 4months- George Seaman, 2 years; James Rutherford. 1 year; * Di1iamI)ove, 2 years and 4 months ; Jabez Heffer, 2 years and 4 months;and George Charles Smith, 5 years and 6 months. Sir P. LAUZUIJR -Have you no badge that the society? officers could be recognised by ? Mr. Wevnss-Is not the warat enough 9 Sir P. LAlRnirs-Would it not be better to have these warrants engraved on a plate and given to them that they might show? Mr. Weymss.-I will make known yoursuggestion to the committee, and it wiUl receive every attention. Mx. Potter.-I have referred to dates and I find that it was on the 14th of August that I gave the money. Sir P. LA,uRns-How much did you give him? Mr. Potter.-I gave him 5s. 9d., and was to make it up lOs. It was to none of these men that I gave the money, and I wish to exonerate the society from any charge on that account. Sir P. LAumIE.-There is no imputation upon tha society. Mr. Weymss.-This is just what I expected it would turn out to be. JosepTry.-But he has not all the men here. hSr. Weymss.-All the men are here but one named Sinclair, and he is at lamsgate. He is a stout man; and Mr. Potter says the man he gave the money to was a thin man. Mr. Potter.-Ee is not the man if he is a stout man. Zr. Weymss (to Mx. Potter).-If you can identify the man to whom ou gave the money the society wil bear all the expenses ofa prosecution, and afford you every facility for prosecuting him. Sir P. LA&Rm-It is a very fair offer, and it is very desirable that such a course should be taken, Mfr. Weymss.-These frauds on the public are an everyday occuence, an, we have no check upon them. I hope the press will give as great publicity to this answer as they did to the charge. Joseph-ffly.-I can identify' one of the men present as taking money from me, and being treated by me and hymy brother. Sir P. LAuRsE-Let any man come forward who has any evidence to give or who can identify any of the mien. William Try, having been sworn, said,-I am a master carrier between Rickmansworth and London, and keep six horses. Last year, when the weather became slippery, I had a horse that was not very well and it slipped down in New Oxford-street and hurt its leg so that it limped. I came towards the Strand and mes two or three of the society's men, and among them was John PearsalL This was about 8 o'clock in the morning. PearsaU said he would " pull me up," and said that I should have the horse k-hed. I begged of him not to do anything, and he ultimately let me go. The next journey I made to town, which was on the Eriday following, PearsaU came to me at the Saracen's Head, Snow-hill, and met me in the gateway. He then said he would summon me, and showed me a hook of the rules, and I begged of him not to " puU me." He said I might put anything I liked into his cocket, but he would not take anything. I put two ha-crow= s in his pocket. He had on then a rough dark coat and wore a hat. Ibave never seen him since until this morning. I never saw him before until I saw him near the Strand. I mentioned the fact just after the occurrence to. my brother, bat notmince until this morning. Sir P. LpIpUm -Was there any person at the Saraoeen's Heed that saw him talking to vou? William Try.-There was not. :e met me in the gatcwray. Mr. Weynss.-There is no5 proof here. There is onTl one man's statement against another's. I should like to ask him some questions. The witness then described the book that was shown to him, and in, answer to Mr,We3lnss, denied that he had ever been fined at the instance of tho society's of ficers.l Mr. Weymss.-There is malice in this case. Sir P.IAURIE.-The it has been a long while showing itself.-I A gentloman in court saied,-I should like to speak as to the respectability of the witness, if it is necessary to do so.: Sir P. LAuA,-There is sio occasion for it--he isa respectable man. There is no imputation upon his cha- Mr Wevmss.-There is nO proof here. It is only one man's statement against the officer's, and he denies it. Sir P. LAupx&-WOeI, I cannot say there is any malice, and I think that the charge is true, and that it is doneto a great extent. Mr. Weymes,-I should like to have a solicitor. here, for. the case is now assuming a ierious aspect, aud I should like toliave the case adj'ourned for a week. Sir P. LAURIE.-I sha31 beout of England then. John Pearsall.-I have hadh occasion to keep a watcr on, the horses of both the Try and their father also - and one of them has been fined 30s. and costs on my evidence, and that is the zeason why this charge has been trumued up against us. Joseph Try.-I can prove that -I have treated some of these men. Mr. Martin (the chief clerk).-That is not a criminal charge that a inigistrate can deal with. Sir P. LAses-Yas, it is criminal eharge, f or they are -placed there by the society to protect the public. Joseph Try, having been sworn, 5aid,-I have bee a carrier, and my father before me, for Diearly 100 year M r. Martin.-You must be more particular in giving your evidence. You are on your oath. Joseph Fy.-I met this mam Smith seven or eight months ago in Holborn about 'where new Oiford-street commences. Be made a complaint to me about my horses, but I cannot say wbat it was now. I treated him to some ale. Sir P. LAu1Rm-Where? Joseph Try.-I cannot swear as to the house, but I have done so on many occasions. Sir P. LkusR-Thenyouliave often done iti Josenh Txy.-Freauently, and on one occasion I gave him -aihilng. We casnot stir without their being after us Alderman L4wREjx=Y-Are your horses in such a bad state that you are obliged to constantly treat these men not toProsecute you ? Joseph Try.-No, Sir;Ihave brought my horses to the court for inspection. Jabez Hefter.-That is not a fair sample of his horses. Sir P. IAURsM-We must have justice here in all its. simplicitv and purity. The question isnot about the horses, but whether these znen took bh'bes, mr. Wevmss, how -loni have you been in the society? lr. Weymss.-I have been only three weeks. I succeeded Mr. Forster. I should like to have this case adjounmed for a week, and have a solicitor here. Sir P. LAUMm-There is no occasion to adjourn it. Joseph Try.-Since May last I treated Pearsal to some ale,, after the convictiohs at Marlborough-street. John Pearsa3L-Oa the day he refers to I was looking after his horses, that he should not talke them away, and after the case was disposed of I watched them a long dis~ tance, 'when Mr. T and the eterinary surgeon to thq society went into apublIchouse anod hd some ale. Try said to mce that he wished to be friends with me, and then gave me a small glass of ale, but I do not know whether Mfr. Try paid for it or whether the farrier did. Joseph TU.-I paia for it. Sir P. 1 -With respect to the treating the evio dence is quite sufficient. John PearsalL-The case was over then. Sir P. LiRsM-You were in the house together, and that is sufficient. Mfr. Weymss.-Smith has been in the, society for. six years, and beArs an exoellent character. George C. Smith.-I have had him convicted for his horses at Marlborough-street, and I should not be likely to drink with him after that. It is all a trumped-up charge. Joseph Try.-Thereis another man I have treated. Mis namei sSeaman. I have treated him in Fssex-street, in the Strand, and I promised to meet him a-sd auother man that was withhim on London-bridge end give them "a good blow out." Another man gave Seaman 6d.. which I had to refund to him. I wernt for that manu this mornig, but he had left his situation. One day when I was corning up to town I met Walkxer, who pointed me ont to a man that was'with him and sid " That is the mau that gives us so much trouble." Sir P. LAnuRIF-This inquiry will do iat good. I should not like to have these men d4scnrgod, but I wish that they should ba watchod. I have been informed that one of them made a false report to the society of a case that he said occurred at this court, but which had never been tried at all. I am glad to hear that that man had been dismissed from the society's service in consequence. Mr. Weymss.-It is my duty to watch them, and I wilL attend to it. Joseph Try.-There is another man, who is very tall, and he is not here. Sir P. L&un (to Mr. Weymss).-Whenever this man comes up to town let these gentlemen from the country see him before the committee of the society. Mr. Weymss.-This charge is very vague. Sir P. LA.nl.M-If this charge were as vague as you seem to thinl; it, I ahould not send it to the committee. Wle must have purity in all public officers. George Sesman.-I wish you would let me say something in vindication of mvself. Sir P. ILArsL-You can vindicate yourself before the committee. I am very much obliged to the Messrs. ry and Mr. Potter for bringing this matter before me The 3Magistrates then left the bench, and went into Guildall-vard to examine the defendant Try's horses. On their return into court, Sir P. LA=RIE said,-I shall fine you 5s. and costs. Jabez Heffer-I hope you do not think that I have brought this case improperly before you? Sir P. LAu -It is not a strong case. Jabez Heffcr.-The horses have lad 12 days to recover, ind they have been taken care of. Sir P. LAuB.-I know more about horses than you do, having had to do with them all my life. I wish they werea little fatter, that is all the fault I find with them. A fine of 6s. and costs wiU meet the case. The fine was paid, and the parties withdrew. BOW-sTRxEr.-William Me, the cabman referred to in the case reported on Tuesday, appeared to answer the charge of carel ess driving. The lLev. J. Eelly, the complainant, repeated his statermeat that the cabman was looking behind him when he ran into witness's carriage. r. Jsrnn: fined him 10s., and cs, the amount of c amage. A young man named Thomas Finnegan, a2ias Wilson, ,Vas charged with stealing 6 10s. 0and a silver watch, the ;roperty of WIlliam Cook. The prosecutor is the head waiter of the University HEtel in Grafton-street east, and the prisoner was taken into the ssme service as assistant-waiter a short time back in the same of Wison, having repres=uted himself as a young man of that name, to-whom a good character was given by a wine merchant in the city. He slept inthe same room as Cook, from whom he. borrowed 5s. on the first day, and a few days afterwards he absconded, the money and wRtch having been previously abstracted from prosecetor's box. On inqury, it was found that the prisoner had been discharged by his previous master for misconduct, and had left about tne same time as the young man Wilson. whose name he had assumed for the sake of getting Wilson's character. lambert, the constable who had charge of the case, having bemn informed that the prisonerwas living at 2, Winchesterterrace, Clerkenuwell, with two girls, both under 16, p- cieded to tho house, and took him into onstody. He at once admitted that he had represented himself to the landl(rd of the University Hotel, Mr. Walker, as the young 3xan Wilson, but denied that he had committed the robbery. The officer, however, saw him throw something out oJ window, which proved to be a silk big in which the prosrecutor had kept his money, and which still contrained three sovereigns and some silver, and a portmounaie containing a rrsilway season-ticket, the produce of another rubbery. The prisoner, when taken into custody, was dressed in a, nw sueit of clothes. No trace of the silver watch had been discovered. The prisoner was further charged with obtaining a int ald a-half of cream, by false pretences, from Mr. Hs, a dsdryyman in White Hart-street, Drury-lane. In this case the prisoner, after being discharged from a Si nation which he had held for a few days only, at a confectioner's in the Strand, obtained the cream in the name 'of his late employer, it being supposed that he was stil in the same service. Mr. JARDLzE committed him on both charges. In our report on Monday of a charge preferred against a betting man by Mr. Wright, surveyor. of King's-roed, it was stated that the prosecutor was understood to pe a sporting gentleman. We are requested to state that this was an error, -Mr. Wright having no connexion whatever with such prnsuits. iARLXMOOm-Yesterday John Steel Stacey, of respectable appearance, was placed at the bar before lr. BitouoevToN, charged with having by false and fraudulent pretencesand representation obtained from Mr. Sudlow, cotton manufacturer, Oldham, Lancashire, goods to a considerable amount. The prisonerwas then remanded on baiL WEsTmws-.E.r-Mark Briggs, a capenter, was charged with cutting and wounding his wife with a table-knife. Sergeant Fryer, of the division, stated that at 10 o'clock tat morning the police were called by a person who stated that the prisoner hd cut his wife's throat. A constable weutto the house where prisoner lived, 26, Tufton-street, Westminster, and, flnding that the womanhadbeen wounded as described, toolc the pnsoner into custody. The injured 'woman was unble to attend and unwlillinge to prefer any charge against her husban3d, and the only wgitness r,ressut was a girl 14 years of age, their daughter, who alleged thit thoi wounmd was inflicted upon her mother by her owvn hand, The surgeon'who had sewsed np the wound was in atten- dnce. As-IDhvgdirected the girl to stand in the 'witness-box, she stated that her mother took somae money from her father's pocket while he 'was in bed that morning, n~d ser t for gin. On his getting up he missed the money, and. irhed her for it. She deeCared that she knew nothing abont his money. Hle took a knife from ths table drawver and said that if she did not restore him the money he would out her throat. She went to the room door in a great psion, and hc followed has. She tried to take the knifie out of his hand, and then she took his hand with the knife init and drew it across hrowrn throat. lIs. Aatxor.n inquiire d in which hand her father held the knife ? lThe girl replied, in the right hand. Ms. ABNiorn asked which hand her motherusev when she took her father's hand and drewP thekunife across her throat, as she alleged? The girl said the right hand. l illia aHoare, 93 B, said that wheal he got to the house, 26, Tnfton-street, a surgeon 'ws dressing the womaus woumd. Witness inquired how it was done, and was told th'a, it had been inflicted by her husband. In reply to a further inquiry, the girl told him it was done with a knife. WiEness asiled the injured woman whether she wished to prelss the charge, and she said she did not; she believed it. was done accidentllty. Witness then went into tbe :next room,0 here the accused ,andtold himhe mnust conbider himseL' his prisoner, when he replied, that his wife got hold of his rst ad dragged the knife acros her ow throat, The girl was present and heard him mae that statement. ..| i r. William Pearse, surgeon, 46, Marsham-street, West-. minseter, stated that he was clled to prisoner's house at about 10 that morning, and founi his wife holding a towel To her throat, which was cat. On examination he found a wound which had been inflicted by some sharp instrument, two inches long but not very deep, commencing at the centre of the throat and ehtending o lhe right side. He draEsed the wound and tod her o keep -very quiet. lie reply to questions frointhemagistraje, hir. Pearse said, he couhiform no opinion which waythe wound hadheen. inflicted, 'whether from the ri ht or the left. -Ee thought had sh2e commLrtdit hrefte probabilities were that the1 11~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ -wound vrold have been on the left side of the thrzoat, but it of course might have been otherwise. LMr. AnRvOLD asked whether the woman was sober. Mr. Pearse aid, yes, but -that she bore the appearance of an habitnal drunk-ard and had the character of ein so. Sbe was in a very dirty, ragged state. MIr. .AaoLn inquired of the policeman whether he was certin the injuoed woman had made the rmalns, that abe believed it was done by accident ? The contable replied tha thos were the words aBe used. Mr. AimoLD observed that that remark was very inconsstent with the evidence given by the girl, and asked Mr. Peare when he thought the woman would be able to attend? Mr. Pearse replied, in a day or two.- Prisoner was remanded until Thursday. Susan Jones and Mary CroFs, two fasiion3ly-dresed women, were fialy examined, chaged with committing a robbery in an omnibus. The particulars ofthepresiouz c inalion bave been already detailed. - A - -- Mrs5. Wilson, the wife of anoffEoer in the ary, identified the purse which had been produeed, nd id f had been taken from her reicule in tbjeonsaibus. AsaMrs.Wilsonwanab'etoDremaininngland,-owig to her hu^sband being ordered on tsevice abroad, and as the p2isoners leaded"Gnilty"'tbe d<i of their ad-vooates(Mr. FIeisfoz Cross,ad Mr. Solomon for Jones), the first-namd culprit, who hadl fbeen befoe convicted, was committed for six mouths, anfithe other for four months. LAMBTL-Pejamin Bretneil, a cab proprietor, of Sealey-place, Chelsei, appeared before. the Hon. G. 1. NORTON, at the instance of the Royal Society for the Prevent;on of Creltyto Animals charged-with cruemeyillusing and torturing-s horse. George Seaman, an offlicer in the employment of the society, said that about half-past 4 O'clock that (yesterday) mornimg, he noticed that a Ihorsein a four-wvheeled cab-at -the St. George's-road cab stand was in a.very distressed state. He went up to it ad found that the defendant was in charge of. the velicle and the horse. He examined th e animal, and found on moving the collar, tha: it had a wound under it about the sie of a ihiling. He also observed two other wounds, which were in a very bad state. IUpon makling a Ufurther exanination he saw blood streaming from wounds under the flajik, which apneared- to be the effect of- severe flogging with -a ivhip. On the top of the cab thera were two whins. He took poession of them, and found that one had a quantity of blood on it. (The whips were produced and examined by 3fr. Norton, who observed some marks of blood at the end of the lash of one of them.) Seaman.-The horse is outside, your worship, and I should wish you to see it. The poor thing is almost starved to death and quite unfit to dr a cab; it is scarcely able to stand slone. Mr. N03tTON prooscjed to see the horse. On his return he observed that there could not be t vo opinions about the horse having suffered great cruelty. The defendant said that the hore had been emuloved at the cab business these three ea He had been in 'possession of it about three weeks. Mr. XonvToi.-What did you give for the horse Defendant.-3.l1os., Sir. M Mr-. NTBoxN.-That is the sort of horse you think fit -X carry the public ? Defendant.-3fy means would not enable me to buya better. Mr. NonTo1r.-Then you are notin a position to be a cab propnetor; That horse has done its work, and is not able to d a four-whEe cab. The best thinF to do with -it is to send it to a knacker. It is a most crel case. Mr. No}o.vOX directed Mr. Walker, avetennary surgeon, residing in Kennington-lan, to be sent for, in ordero have his opinion of the horse. He stated that there was no chance of it being restored by being allowed to go to grass for two months, and 'hat the animal ws only fit for the kmscker's yard. The defendant, who consented to have it sent there, war, in additon, Dnedl0s r1. NO3TOX said that he had the power to send him to rison for the offence, and had he not adopted the course bad he would have fined him heavily.
THE PUBLIC HEALTH. (From the RegistarGeneral's Return.) The present ret shows a continued improvementin the public health In the three previous weeks the deaths registeredin London were 1,232, 1,250, and 1,122; last week they werel,081 The present rate of mortality is verynearthe average rate of corresponding weeks in 10 previous years, if the excess of deaths produced by epidemic cholera in 1849 and 1854 is not admitted into the compaion. The deaths caused by diarrhea, vwich in tbree preceding weeks wern 211, 253, and 21A, declined last week to 190. This disease was fatal last week to 141 children who were less thana year old. The cases referred to cholera, and hwhich previously numbered more than 20, were last week only1, and eight of these occurred to children. The remaIning three, which proved fatal to adults, are as follow:-At 7, Edward-street, inthe sub-district of Mlieend Old-town lower, on the 25th of August, a woman, aged 41 years, "*diarrhce (3 days), Asatic cholera (16 hours) ;"in Barbican-court, Aldersgate, on the 26th of Agugst, a female servant, aged 36years,"choleraicdiarrhcma (7days), collapse;" and at Ayliffe-street, Newington, on the 25th of August, a sailor'swidow, aged 76years, "diarrhcoa, cholera, consectiv,e fever.' With regad to other diseases in the epidemic class the return exhibits satisfactory results; the numbers are either less than or do not exceed the ordinary amount. There were only eight deaths from smallpox, 21 from measles, 31 from scarlatina ;- and typhus, which rose to 40 and 50 in previous returns, was not fatal last week in more than 27 cases; 11 of the 27 occurred in the east district-s There were no less than eight fatal cases of carbuncle. 14 children are registered as having died from want of breastmill or inanition, 42 from atrophy, 36 from debility, 31 from convulsions. Mr. Wilson, a registrar in arylleee, makes some observations on this waste of infant life, which his experience leads him to attribute, to a considerable extent, to the practice which prerails among domestic servants and others of nutting oult their children to nurse. Three women died fast week at the respective ages of 9D, 96, and 98 year-s Last wek- the bairhs of 909 boys and 869 girls-in all 1,778 children-were registered in ondoln. In the ten corresponding weeks of the years 1846-5 the average number was 3,431. At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean height of the barometer in the weelk was 29-821 inches. On two days the instrument rose above SO inches. The mean temperature of the week was 01, which is 1-4 above the average of the same week (as determined by Mr. Glaisher). The highest temperature of the week was 75-56 on Wednesday; the lowest 458° on Saturday. The mean dew-point temperature was 53S°,; and the difference between this and the mean temperature of the air wSS 71°. The mean temperature of the water of the Thames was 62t% The wind blew generally from the south-west. The rain which fell was 8-hundredths oi an inch There was rain on three days, though smal in amount.
IUL7A Y zHTEzIG1vOE. STATTFrn MQCThT(-.v At AAv" WMMMIhT. The half-yearly meeing of this company was held on I Triday at the London Tave°rn lr. 3. Garrard in the chair. The report stated thaf part of the line between Staines and Ascot was opened for passenger trffic on the 4th of Juno, andtheremaining portion, from Ascot toWokinobare, on the 9th of July, and the stations would soon be ready for goods and coal traffic. The directors were assured that the pa,ssngerttraffic for a newly-opened line -was satisfactory, and that as the goods traffic became developed they might expect E considerable increase in 7receipts. Temporay arrangements had been entered into -with the London and South-Western! Railway Company for -workingth3 line. NTo agreement had yet been made with the South-Eastern Railway Company as to running over 'their line from Wokimgham to Reading; but the directors had the satisfacticn of stating that they run their trains to Reading, and that they had every prospech of a iendly relationship withthe Soth-Eastern Company. It *crould be remembered that the Staines. W%Vokingham, and Waiting Company applied to Parliament in 1855 for a tiona Reading vith the narrowgaugeof the Great Western Company, which bill was lost, being opposed both by the Great WVester and the South-Eastern. The directors - still look on this proposed junction as of the greatest in- anca to the line, and trust that they will receive the cordial co-oreration of the shareholders, should they deem it desirmbleiagainto apply to Parliament for this purpose. The directors have not considered it desirable to commence the works OI the branch line from Long Cross to Wokilig. -As the main line was now opened for traffio and the branch not commenced, the directors submit that the line may now bc considered as open for pubhlic traffic, and consequently that the time has arrived when their term of office expires, znd they therefore offered themselves for re- election. The capital account shows that 332,242L hadbeenreceived to the 31st of July and 32S,8141. expended, leaving a balance Of 3,4281. On the motion of the COxiRsur the report was adopted. *Resolutions were passed ippointing Mr.W. Prideaux an auditor of the company, in the room of Mfr. T. ' N Walford, resigned; re-electing Messrs. J. Garrard, R. Blasnchard, R. Davis, AL T. Gordon, R. W. KSennard, and Colonel Salwvey the retiring directors,nd nd apoiintg a committee, consis og of lmr. J. Garrard, cr. W. Mortimnore, Mr. T. Lawrenc, nr. C. R. Colman, Mr. J. N. Smith, and Mk. W. the Taunton, to confer with the directors as to making arrangements wgith the Great Western Railway Company for a narrow gauge junction at Reading, and to report thereon to a future meeting of the company. On the motion3 of Mr. Annurmneor the best thanks of the meeting were voted to the cbainnan and direetors for the mode in which they had conducted the business of the comPTyhe meeting then separated. BUN-TIGFORD AND WARE. A meeting of the promoters of the proposed railway from the Eastern Counties line at Ware to Buntingford was held at the latter town on Saturday; Mr. C. Lushington in the chair. Mr. Mickley read the report of a committee which had been appointed to ascertain the views and sentiments of the different landed proprietors. It concluded as follows :_ " The committee have come to the conclusion that generally the scheme for the proposed raiway frorn Buntingford to Ware has been received with favour by the landowners and occupiers, and that no serious opposition need be anprehendea from them when the usual application to Parliament is made for an act for this purpose." Mr. Game then moved a resolutson to the effect that, in tho opinion of the meeting, a company should be formed to raLse the requisite capital and to apply to Parliament for power to construct the line. The Rev. G. BISHOP seconded the proposition, which was uanimously adopted. Other resolutions having been agreed to in respect of the limina expenses and soliciting subscriptions from the downers and others interested in the line, the meeting terminated. WILTS, SO3MERSET, AND WEYMOUTH. The section of this line between Fromo and Yeovil was opened for general traffic yesterday maorning. The first train left Fromo at 10 45 a.m. The engine was decorated with flags and evergreens, but there was by no means a crush of passengers. Considerable excitement was exhibited :t Frome, and the different stations on the line were crowded. At Bruton the bridge crossng the line was surmounted by laurels and the words, "W Welcome to Braton.'> There were also two evergreen arches in the High-street, nnd flags appeared on the church tower and ofher places. The length of the line opened is 254 miles, and the intermediat.e stations are Witham, Braton, Castle Cary, Sparkford, and Marston. The electric telegraph wires are in the course of completion. EAST SUFFOLK. It appears that nearly the whole of the land for this line baa been purchased and staked out. The contracts have been let, and the works have been commenced in several localties. The distrct is nearly level from Beecles to Lowrestoft and Yarmouth. Te ITEEAVEN JUNCTION. Th rectors of this company and the directors of the Whitehaven and Furness Railway Company have appointed 1ir. E. Cook secretary to both companies. ULVERSTOTE AND LANCASTER. The report of the directors of this company states that the works have been in active progress during the past half- erez, and that the directors are anxious to arrange for as early a completion of the line as practicable. The six miles near Carnforth are now nearly completed, and the arrange3nents for inspection and working ale dccfupyirg the attention of the board. The directors have thought it advisable to caU up the remaining 51. per share. They have personally satisfied themselves of the security and stability of the works; and when the line is completed they entertain so doubt of a profit-able remuneration. Mr. Bronlees, the engineer, states in his report that he can see no reason why the line should not be ready for opening throughout in mIay next. The capital account showed that 215,106?. had been received, and 206,658t. expended, leaving a balance of S,647l. at the bankers'. GLASGOW A-ND SOIUTH-WESTKEBN. The report of the directors of this company states that au addition of 73,4421. had been made to capital account since the last balance. A considerable portion of this expenditure (4L6101.) was for plant, machinery, and new workshops. The Grou,,ar branch, which is an extension of the Mayaeld mineral line naer Hurlford, wiU be ready for traffic m November next ; the cost of its formation should bo under 6, 0S0l. The engineer's report shows that during the half-year the locomotive and carrying stock has received an addition of 4 engines, 50 truCks, 25 vans, and 100 iwaggons for the service of the goods and mineral department. It also states that a fucrther increase in the mineral traffic may beinne diately expected, and recommeuds that 100 additional lare aggens snall be contracted for. The board, coincidi in -tis opiion, are arranging for this supply, believing that the shareholders wiU cordially sanction expenditure of this description. The plant is maintaind in an efficient state and the revenue account has defrayed the cost of rebuilding and repairs to a considerable extent. The new workshops at uilmarneck are now occupied, and the directors anticpate t.hat, from their central position and the improved machinery with which they have been fitted up, a material saving in the expense of repairs will be effected, and greater despatch insured. the revenue from all sources of traffic during the halfyear amounts to 156,3751., or 9,2401. above the receipts in the corresponding period of last year. This increase would have been much greater if a protracted strike in the m g districts had not occurred. The passenger traffic shows an Increase of 26,700 in the number of passengers, and of 2,151!. in the receipts, as compared with the correspondins period of 185. The increase in the goods and minerai traffic amounted to 7,098. The board confidently anticip,ate that the opening of the new extensions and the Grougar branch will add considerably to the traffic during the current half-year. The satisfactory and steady progress made during the last five years will be seen from the following statement of the receipts on the main line, together with the dividends paid to thse hareholders-namely,for the half-year ending July 3L, 1S52, the total traffic amounted to 207.55-1?., and the dividend to 2 per cent., ending July 31, 183, traffic, 226,352l. ; divi4end, 21 per cent. ; ending July 31, 1854, traffic, 260,423?. ; dinijend, 3i per cent. 31st of July, 1855, traffic 290,526L, and dividend p 1 r cant, ending the 31st of July, 1556, total trafflic, 313 062l. and dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum The working expenses form 42A per cent. of tne gross receipts, The board regret that a considerable increase has taken p lace in the amount paid for waggon repairs, rates and taes, relaying the line, interest on corrowed capital for the )almellington line, ho., still unproductive, and in several other items, butthat strict attention will be devotedto every branch of the company's expenditure. During the.halfyear agreater distance of the line than usual has beon Slaid, and it has therefore been considered proper I on this occasion to appropriate 2,000?. of the "renewal of way fund" set apart from revenue for this purpose. The mortgages due at 'Vhitaunday last were renewed at 4 per cent., and since then the company have obtained loans at *4 per cent. for three years certain. The average rate of interest payable at Present over the whole debt of the company is 41. 2s. 3Ad. per cent. A favourable opportunity of capitalizing this debt appears to be rapidly approaching The increased value of the stock has enabled the board to realis a portion of the arrears of calls due by defaulting parties, and the balance still outstanding wil bh gradually recovered. After deducting workng ex- Pe-es, interest on mortgages, and every other charge properly belonging to revenue account, there is a sum remaining at its credit of 61,7531., to which is added 1 tho balance from the preceding half-year of 6,8211., making ntotal of68,5741. From this is deducted, for replacing locmotive power, 2,000?., and for dividends on guaranteed stocks, 10,15U6, leaving a disposable surplus of 56,418?. This amount vill allow a divi6dend at the rate of 4 per cent. per sannum to be declared, payable on Monday, the 22d current, under deduction of income-tax, as usual, leaving -'Laanceof 1,016?. The directors have pleasure in atating that the acts incor- porating the Castle Dougla3 undthe GirvauRailwayCompa. lnes have been obtained, and the promoters of these schemes are now engaged in the preliminary steps for the construction of the two lines. Active measures ace now being adopted by persous of in'duence in GallowaY to continue the railway from Castle Douglss through WIgtonshire to Stranrser or Portpatrick. The Government have, by Treasury minuto of the 15th of August, determined, on certain conditions bemg fulfilled, to Eelect Donaghadee and Portpatrick " as the ports xrdst suitable" for the " quickest postal and passenger communim cation" with the north of Ireland, " to adopt them for a mail passage," and " to make such improvemeDts in thece ports as shal best fit, them for the pmpeso."X Ihis projcd, therefore, a ppears certain sooner or later of bemng a ccomplished, and wii rove of- value to this company. The Ayr and Dclmeiliagton Railway was opTeed on theio 7ta of August, and the Ayr and Mlaybole Junction line will abate£ ready for traffic immediately. The revenue of thig comparny mn-st be materialy benefited during the current Tali-year aZom these several sources. The carilal account showvs that 4,500,6541. hand been enpended, 'nclnding 190,247h in the stocks of other cotpaaiTs. The revenue account for the half-ear ending tho uI of July last showed that 159,301. had been received, and 76,2716. expended, leavng a balance of 83,030l. To I th*t sunm was added 6,8211. from the preceding account, making S9,8511, Out ofthis is deducted 23,2771. for interest on loans, leaving a dispesahle esm of 66,5741., of which the guaranteed, preference, and ordinary dividends wrill absorh 65,5581., and leave 1,016h for next account. The receipts for passenger trafiEo averaged. 4e. 4 . per train mile, anu the goods 3g. 9id. per train mile, and the exapenses ls. §d. and 1s. SAd. respectively per train mile. GREAT SOUTHERN A-ND WESTERN. The half-yearly meeting of this comnpany washeld at Dublin on Saturday; Sir B. MDonnel in the chair. The Secretary read the report, an abstract of which bas appeared in The hmas. The CnAnnrne, in moving the adoption of the report, stated that the increase in the working expenses amounted to 7,5001. during the half-year as compared with th'e corresponding period of last year, and there was also an increase of 1,2801. in the item of interest on loans. The reserve fund, which had been established some years ago, hand been of groat servico to them. They had already paid out of it 28,0001. for the fatal accidont which had occurred on the line several months past, and5,0001. forrelaying the line, making 33,0001., and there now remained 32,0001. to the credit of that account. (Hear, hear.) The gross traffic for the half-year showed an increase of 14,4181, of which only 1,1451.- was derived from tho conveyance of troops. In the half-year endina June, 1855, the weekly receipts averaged 6,0181. ; 'but for the half-year ending 30th of June last.they averaged 6,5731., showing an increase of 5251. per week. From the end of June to the 30th of August the incresse in the receipts amounted to 7,400!. With regard to the dividend, the plan they had adopted was to keep tha line and carrying stock in the most efficient working order, and to pay the dividend from the traffic according to what it would afford. For the half-year ending June, 1355, they gave a dividend of 5 per cent. perannum, carrying forward TM,111., and for the half-year ending the 30th of June last they would pay at the rate of 6per cent. per annum, carrying forward 6,4221l. The increase in the gross traffic for the half-year was 14,418l., and the increase in the sum available for dividend was 12,500!., so they would perceive that the dividend was paid from the incrossed traffic. The dividends declared by the company were progressive. In 151 the dividend was ab the rate of 34 per cent., and it was increased in succeeding years to 4 percent., 4A percent., then to 5 per cent., and now to 6 per cent. The average dividend on the whole was at the rate of 4& per cent., including interest at 4 per cent. up to 1861, which had been paid during construction out of capitaL. If they imagined that they could not maintain the 6 per cent. dividend, they would not declare it. A long discussion ensued, in the course of which the report was adopted, and a dividend at the rate of 6 per cent. p,er annum was declaredfor the half-year. A vote of thanka to the chairman concluded the proceed. sags, TRAFFIC RETURNS. Miles 'aa- ide- Total, Total, Railwaya, open, sengerschandise. 18. 18S Fortnight ending July 19. i. Demerara - '. -.. .. - . 68 -2 Week enling Aug. 27. Mos and Manage .. 21 . . 9. 640 . 735 .. 821 Week ending Aug. 30. Llaney .. . . .28 .. . - - 3,840 3,619 Glasgow & South-Western - .. - .. - . 7,253 . 6.64 Week ending Aug. 31. iRendal and Windeamere - .. - 83- 33 36 North landon 9. ..8 9 - . . - 2,2,6 Great Luxembourg . 34 72 - -. . - 726
THE SATURDA Y HALF-HOLYDA Y. TO TME EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The excellent article in Saturday's number of 27w Tiznas on the Saturday half-holyday question induces me to trouble you with a few observwtions. Every one in 'the habit of exercising his mental or physical powers can testify to the fact that a reasonaole amount of relaxation, so far from diminishine the amount of work actually performed, gives fresh vigouir to the intellectual and physical powes, and thus renders the general result, in the shape of labour done, the same, and m some instances even greater than before. Noot only so, but that buoyancy of spirit and cheerful disposition, the results of moderate relaxation and temperate enjoyment, which the workman experiences tend not only to facilitate the performance of work, but to improve its quality. The experience of every one, at least of every working man, will, I think, bear me out in these remarks. In reference to the most difficult part of the question-the case of retail tradesmen-I need only repeat what is admirably stated in the leading article referred to, that the -number of purchases made in five and a-half days must equal that of those now made-in six when people have become accustomedto the change. The resolution passed at a public meeting in the town-hall at Manchester, relative to the payment of wages on Friday afternoon, will, I hope, be speedily acted upon, not merely in Manchester, but universally. The generdl payment of wages on Friday would tend to do away with the practice of shopping on Saturday night,-a -practice which I cannot but think the working classes adopt 'not from choice, but of necessity. If purchases were made early in tbe day, people in London and clsewhere would be lessexposed totheriskof buying articlesoffoodwhich areunwholesome oreventotally unfit for the purposes of nutrition. And it is wel Imown tbat large quantities of such food are constantly on sale to the lower classes in London, such sales being effected principally late in the evening and o light. It thus appears that one of the less proximate, but not less real or important advantages of the Saturday halfholyday would be the removal of that nuisance, the sale of unwholesome articles of food, of which the Board of Health has lately been taking notice. I might mention numerous other advantages, but these will uggest themselves to every contemplative mind. It thus appears that this good cause requires only precedent and example to establish it on a firm footing. Although any interference of the Legislature to estabhsh hy positive enactment a Saturday half-holyday would be as unwise as useless, yet there can be no doubt that Government might do much to bring about a result which every philanthropist desires, and every pohtician conversant with the nature of man as a social being sees would tend to augment the boenefit and wellbeing of humanity. Why do not the Government departments take the initiative, and set a wholesome precedent and good example by closing their respective offices at noon on Saturdays? The benefit of a half-holyday on Saturdays would be felt not less by Government officials than by other working men. Suppose, however,-and the supposition is simply absurd,-that the advantages of the proposed arrangement would not be universal, and that the Government departments experienced some inconvenience from it, yet, for the sake of example, and as a precedent for employers at large, Government should unhesitatinglv adopt the practice. The importance of the subject is my only apology for trespassing upon your valuable columns: I enclose my card, and am, Sir, Your very obedient servant. PHILANTHROPIST. zept. i.
HlosrsnmLB OumAGE.-On Saturday night a sLacking affair took- place at Dudley. It seemsthatfor same time past a young man named John Dance, son of the landlord of tne Railway Tavern, Portersfield, had been paying attentions to a frat cousin of his own, daughter of Mr. Thomas Barr, landlord of the Seven Stars Inn Hall-street. She is said to have been an amiable and much respected young woman, while he was of unsteady and irregular habits. It was prohably owing to this that her parents discouraged his visits to their honse, and that latterly Miss Barr had also done so. On several occasions he hadl been heard to threaten to take her life if she would not consant to have him, but these threats were disregarded. On Saturday nishu, about 10 o'clock, he went to the house. Being somewhat tipsy, beth Miss Barr and her parents ordered him to leave, and he did so, but not without muttering something to the young lady to the effect that " 1she woltd nol order him out the nexrt time he ame." About 12 o'clock, thC front door of the Sven Stars being closed, Miss Barr and her mother were cngaged in their usual avocations a,bout the house, when Dance entered by the back door, and walked up to the young lady, who was then going along the passage leadi g trom a back room to the bar. Pung a pistol frem his pocket he fired it off Tke charge took 3efect in her neck and lower jaw, and she at once-fell to the ground. In another medoment a second shot wan heard, and the guilty man lay dead upon the floor. He had placea the pistol close to his left ear, the ,shot penetrated the brain, and death waos instantanuons A pair of small pocket-pistols were afterwvards uike p. Mr. Fisher, a surgeon, was at once sent for, and ma r very. abort time attenlded and dressed t.he *onnds inificted upon Miss Barr. Though alive this morninz tihere is scarcely a hope of her recovery. -She is wvholly incapable of artculation, but is sensible, and is able to converse wFith her father by means of a pencil and slate. It is said thsat when undaer the infinence either of passion or drinkh Dance was subject to mental aberratior4
STATE OF TBADE. MANCHESTE3, SEsT. 2. We have an improvement in yarns, and to some, but not to an equal, extent in cloth. For most oFthe fabrics taken for home consumption there is a ftar business, and the fine weather which a. pears at length to have-set in has checked the tepdency to decline in other goods. Shirtings suited to India and China had fallen fisHy 3d. per piece in consequence of tho discouraging advices of the last overland mail -but other kinds of cloths maintain their value, and it the weather continues fine it is confidently anticipated that we shall, witness a rapid improvement in this market. In yarns there has been a large business, prim cipally for Germany andRwzia, but manufacturers are also purchasers to a fair extent, and prices are fully Ad. per lb. higherthanlast week. In some descriptions buyers have had to give a fractic.n more. For India the demand is still very quiet. In the yarn-market the improvement is partly owing to a rise in the price of cotton. Messrs. John Slagg and Co. report of the cloth-market: " The India and China advices to hand yesterday, though. they report a slight improvement in the Bombay market, are, on the whole, considered unsatisfactory, and we haveno improvement in the demand for goods forthat quarter ; but, ownng to the finer weather of the Iast few days, and the consequent advance on cotton, there is not the same anxiety to sell, and prices are steadier. For nearly every other kind of goods thereis a fairdemand at the full rates of last week, and in some instances at a slight advance." Messrs. George Fraser, Son, and Co. remark " The improved state of the weather has had a favourable effect on our market to-day, and it wears a very firm aspect. India goods continue, however, dull of sale, and for these prices are a tridfle easier." In reporting. upon the market during the past month, Messrs. Robert Freeland and Brother say:- " Thero is very little change to report in our market for the last month. The demand which existed at the date of our last can hardly be said to have abated until towards the latter part of the month, when the unfavourable weather had an adverse influence, so far only, however, as to cheek busines for the time. But manufacturers are so well engaged with contracts, extending forward for several weeks, that they have not been compelled to submit to lower rates; and as the weather improves, and the harvest is gradually gathered, they expect soon to be in a position to obtain rather better prices. Tho only exception to this is in India goods, and for these there has been little inquiry during the month, although it appears from our export tables that the shipments to the eastern markets continue on an undiminished scale, India having taken upwards of a fourth of the whole of the cotton piece goods from this dis- "'The exports of cotton piece goods and yarns for the month are 98,834 packages against 76,338 for 'the same time last year; this is over the average for the previous three months, which is 90,617 packages. The following classification shows at a glance the proportion to the various markets Packages Lbs. Cot.on Cotton Piece Gooda Yarns. East Indies-- 27.6 - 15.6 Chi.a 2.S Australia-. - .6 0.0 Central and South America .. 23.4 01 North America . 15.1 0.3 West Indies- - -. 7.5 0eo Co-at of Africa.. 2.4 0.0 T'urkey, Esypt, and Lecant.. s. 67 - .7 Germanv and Holland .. 3.1 . 42. Other European States . 5.6 3-L 7 "The Liverpool cotton-market has been very steady throughout the month, and quotations are without change, except for- fair Orleans, which is quoted a shade higher. For the last six months the fluctuation in price of the qualities used for ordinary makes of goods has not been more than jd. per Jb.-a circumstance hitherto almost unknown. " In mule twist there has been a fair amount of business done, and prices are about id. higher from 20's to 70's80's, 90's, and 00's, id, 'd., and Id. respectively. " In water tviast there is no change. ,TIn piece goods there is a large business going on, principaly, however, from contracts entered into last month and early in this; 36-inch printing cloths are in good demand; the lower qualities have maintained their price, wvbile 66 and 72-reeds are about 3d. per piece of 25 yards higher. Madapollams are lAd. per piece of 4fi yards higher. Jacconots are steady in price and well engaged; 40-inch shirtings have net been much inquired for, but ptices have net given way more than lA.d. perpiece. Domeshscs,T cloths, and longeloths have been ia fair demand, with ver9 littl variation in price. UTpon the whole, production is well engaged for seine weeks forward. LEEDS, SEPT. 2. The demand for cloth in the public markets this morning has been active, and a full average bulk has changed hands. The fno weather and the improved reports about the harvest, with the fall in the price of corn, are imparting some degree of buoyancy to the home trade, and the demand by the export houses also continues tolerably good. The prices of both wools and cloths are firm. The report of this day's cloth-markeb at Huddersfield is as follows:- "There is no change in the market from last week, business being moderately brisk. Several Irish houses purchased a quantity of low goods, but the principal demand has been for fances of various kinds and of the better qualities. Prices have been maintained."
WHEAT CROP OF TEE UNITED STATES. (From the Cncisnna;ti Prices Current, Aug. 0.) The harvest being now pretty well over, and the wheat crop of the country mostly secured An good order, and being in possession of very full ard satistactory information from all parts of the country, we are enabled to give a pretty accurate estimate of the extent of the crop of the present year. It is true that, generally speaking, the yield per acre will not boa large one-not quite an average; but a greater breadth of land was sown with wheat last fall than ever before, owing to the prevailing high prices current for wheat, together with the favourable weather, both offering strong inducements to the farmer to cultivate this grain, and the result is that the quantity of wheat gathered the present harvest is greater by fully 10 per cent. than has been gathered any provious season; and, not only this, but it has been secured in the best possible condition. Last year the crop was a very good one, but fully one-half of that in the Northern States was damaged by wet, and the one-fourth of that thus damaged was so badly injured that it was unmerchantable - but, notwithstanding this, we exported more wheat and wheat flour to foreign countries than ever before in any one season, except, perhaps, 1853, and had a surplus left, as the receipts this summer prove; and there is no doubt that, should the crops fail in Europe even partially, we shall be able to send toTEgland and the CoEtinent more flour and wheat by 25 per cent. than w.e did last or any previous year, should prices be sufficiently high to induce shipments. We have carefully examined the advices in regard to the present wheat crop from the different States, and feel justified in givin,g the following figures as the quantity of wheat gathered in each State this year: We have omitted three States in which wheat is not grown to any extent. There is no doubt whatever that the increase in the culturo of wheat has been far greater during tho last five years than it has been in the previous ten years, because the inducements to cultivate it have been stronger, owing to the high prices at which it has ruled. The Russian war, by which the supplies from Russia -were cut off, and the failure of the crops in France last year created a* large demand, and kept up prices far above the average The last advices from Europe would lead to the conclusion that in France and Spain the wheat crop does not promise well; and we find orders for lour and wheat from France in the New York market, which have been brought out by the last steamer. But then the high prices which wheat commanded in aU the European markets last year have stimulated the cultivation of it in all wheat-growing countries, and there seems to be little doubt that the breadth of land sown in all those countries bordering on the Mhediterranean is vastly greater the present than the previous year, anl, should the yield be good, of which, however, we have no definite information as yet, there can be no doubt that the quantity exported from these countries the coiing season w31 be large. In Russia, oving to the unsettled state of the country consequent upon the war, it is clear that agriculture has been neglected to a great extent, as is clearly deuionstrated by the fact that there was no wheat of consequencetobehadinany of theBlack Seaor Balticports of that country at the close of the war, and, aslarge numbers of the agricultural population were employed in the armies of the empire, it is doubtful that the amount of wheat ex;ported from that- country the coming season will be even Imoderate. The last advices we had from St. Petersburg speak favourably of the crops, however. After the experience of last year, no faith whatever can boe placed on accounts of the result of the harvest in France, and it is only by the acts of the Government that the result can be known. Iast jear it was publicly announced that the Government of that country would not interfere in the purchase of breaAtuffs, and yet we found its agents in this country purchasinglargely during the whole of la,t fall and winter; and, though this was denied at the time, the large quantities of flour sold bythe French GOvernment last Apkril and MEay at auction settled the truth in the case beyond a doubt. In England and Ireland the crops looked wvell, at the latest advces, and if the weather-the great tenor of the British agriculturist-should prove favourable, there is no doubt that the crops will be abundant.
TH2 NEYSMfALr-ARMS F aCTORYATN-EHIBLD. The manufacture of small-arms, recently established by the Government at Enfield-lock, by means never before used in this country, and :in no other except the United States, and to a lmited extent in Russia, hsa3 begun to assume a character of considerable interest, :,egarded not so much in its bearing on tne long-pending quarrel between the Government and the gunmnakers at Birmingham in reference to the supDly of amilitary weap n of prime neces5aty, as affording the daily exhibition onra' large scale of the application of machinery to processes of t,he mostdelicatekind,until nowmanipulated only byskilledartisans of ahigh class, andas foreshadowing the extant-to which eventually it may be made subservient to other indust4,al purposes now dependent on hand labour in every country in the world. Though the scheme is as yet only parthily developed it has already attracted the attention of sever al of the continQntal Governments. It has been visited three times in the course of the present summaer by Baron Smod,a holding a high position in the Austrian artillery -service again, by General Barreiro, by direction of the Ring of Portugal, who, it is said; contemplates its reproduction im his own dominions; also by Prince Oscar of Sweden. EE France it is regarded with interest by distinguished military nien; and there are some who believe that the visit at this time of an American citizen, ccn. sDicuously identified in the United States and inthiis country, with the manufacture of small-arims, to St. Petersburg has some reference to the commencement of a similar enterprise in Russia, where the practical application o machinery to the constraction of some parts of military weapons is not wholly unknown. - To soeie it may be necessary to premise that the manufiac. tory at Enfield on its present footing-for there has been ior upwards of40 yearsthenucleus ofa Governmentestablishment there for the fabrication of small arms-originated in the dissatisfaction for sometime felt by tho Board of Ordnamce at being almost wholly dependent on private manuracturers for so important a part of the snawii di of war, and in the recommendation, based on that feeling, of the Committee of the House of Commons on SmaU Arms which sat in the session of 1854. Befcre 1804, when the manufactory in its original form vas established at Enfield, the Government depended on the private trade for their small arms, and when that failed to provide a sufficient supply, recourse was had to the foreign market. At one time, indeed, tho art of malding muskets became extinct in this country. This occurred in 1802 and Lord Chatham, then Master-General, stated the circun' stance publicly. Mr. John Colgate, who held an appoinitment in the Ordnance Department, was sent to Liege in 1779 to superintend the setting up of 40,000 stand of anns for the service of the British Government. Major-General Miller -was despatched to Li6ge on a similar service in 1794, to Hamburg in 1725, and again to Hamburg in 1800, the store of arms in tio Tower being at that time entirely expended. Again, in 1823, tlse names of not less than 20 English artificers had been ascertained who were in full employment in the national armoury establishments of Russia and the United States, and no doubt very many more might have been discovered. 'This was attributablo to the encouragement and inducements to emigrate held out to our skilled artificers in that branch of trade by foreign nations, backed by the want of employment in their vocation at home; and it was apprehended at that time by men conversant with the subject that unless the fostering care of tne Government was continued in support of its armoury institutions the art must again be lost, or so far reduced that the country would a second time be left to depend on the casual supplies furnished by individual manufacturers. It has always been contended by men who have advocated the formation of Government armouries that the views of tradesmen were confined to individual profit; when they entered upon a contract their only object was to bring their workmanship to such a state as to pass the official examination; they had no motive, it was said, to improve, or inducement to perpetuate the an; when the call for arms by the Government ceased with a war they turned their, industry to other occupations, and their workmen were driven to seek' employment in foreign count ries or left to neglect the art at home. It was also alleged that a national establishment offered the most perfect means of making experiments for the improvement of the service, and caused the saving of money in time of war as vell as of peace by operating as a check upon the prices of private manufacturers. But its principal object was to keep up among us the art of making military guns. It was considerations such as these and others that induced the Government, upon the recommendation of the committee of 1854, to establish a manufactory of smal arms to a limited extent, under the direction of the Board of Ordnance; and the experinment is now on its trial at Enfield. This manufactory, the committee conceived, would serve as an experiment of the advantages to be derived from the more extensive application of siachinery as a check upen the prices of contractors, and as a resource in times of emergency. They also recommended that it should be arranged with a view to its continual working. While the committee was sitting, a deputation of practica men, previously sent out by the Board of Ordnance to make inquiries in the United States of America as to the mode of manufacturing small arms there, and having extensive powers to purchase machinery to be applied to their fabrication in this country, was pursuing its mission; and, on the report of the committee, the Houwe of Commons voted a sum not exceeding 150,0001. towards the experiment. Since that time extensive building operations have been and are stil going on at Enfiold-lock., and an immense quantity of valuable machinery has been imported from America, and is now in constant operation there in various processes connected with the military gun manufacture. The whole establishment is under the imsmediate control and supervision of Colonel Dickson, of tbe Royal Artilery, assisted by Mr. Gunner, inspector of small arms; and the first engineer is Mr. Burton, an intelligert American gentleman, formerly Master Armourer of the Government small arms factory of the United States at Harper's Ferry, whose services have been permanently secured bytheGovernment to superintend the setting up and workingof themachinery. Atpresentabout430 men and boys are employed on the different operations, but when the worls are complete, the numbers will probably be doubled, of whom three-fourths wil be comparatively unskillel labourers, it being one of the chief characteristics of the machinery in use at Enfield that it performs aU the delicate operations which in the art of manufacturing military guns; as previously pursued in this country, have been executel by skilled artisans trained to their vocation. ThD whole of the plant when fully laid down and brought into operation, it is contemplated will tun out in a perfect state, ready for use, some 50,003 rifles a-year, or about 1,000 a-week; but this is, probably, a too sanguine view of its capabilities. The advantages of producing muskets by machinery are described by those thoroughly conversant with the systems in the 'United States as being cheapness in the manufacture; an exact similarity in the several parts, so that they may be readily interchanged and replaced; and, above) all, the facility of rapidly producing this important military arm, and of increasing or reducing the supply according to the requirements of the time. The establishment at Enfeld is divided into departments, of which the principal aro the smithery, where there asu daily 45 forges at work with their attendant machinery, and that in which all the various minute processes connected with the manufacture of locks, bayonets, and stocks. replete with interest, are carried on. It is in thi; latter building-an extremely large one and well lighted from the roof-that the greater part of the machinery in use is in ,operation; and the whole of the mechanism, as well there as in the smithery, is driven. simnltaneously by a magnificent double engine of SG. horse power. The operations for rolling and perfecting gun-barrels are performed in an adjacent building, which is being enlarged and fitted up with an engine of 25-horse power, for conducting that department on a scale commen. surate -with the other parts of the factory. The barrel. rolling machinery at present inu se, which is not of American invention or manufacture, has been ins operation since 1852. In the smithery the bayonets and all the several. parts of the lock apparatus, including even the small screvs. used in-its construction, are first forged from bars of steel, vith the greatest rapidity, (and with all the aids of a perfect 4setem of machinery. Thence they are transferred to the general building, vherethey are submitted toan almost endless succession of processes of the nicest description, performedagain by machinery specialy adapted to each operation, until they attain the requisite degree of accuracy, finish, and perfection. Int6all thevaciousdetails of the manufacture we cannot, of course, enter here, however wonderful and interesting they are as emomplifications of the amount of mind employed in devising and practically applying machinery to operations so diversified and delicate; bhut,beides the rapidity with which they are performed, far exceeding the capacity of any amount of hand labour, two other results have been attained of the greatest importance in a trade so peculiar as tbis, where a great national emergency might at any time create on a sudden an immense demand for the article manuifactured. The one is, that this machinery, guided by young men and boys taken from the plough tail, or any other of the humbler occupations of life, is capable of executing work until now performed by skilled operatives specialy trained to it; and by necessity with far more marvellous accuracy than was ever achieved by hand laiour, however superior, The complaint has Xalmost invariably been that, whenever acrisis arose necessitating the minmufacture of a great quantity of small-arms within abrief period of time, the process was delayed, to the detriment of the public service, by the -want of a sufficient nhmber of skilled meehanics in the private trade to execute certain parts of the work in time,to meet the demand. Bat under this new state of things that inconvenience can never accrue, unless there was a ;positive pauci'y of labour power in the country -for commonunskilled labourers, not bredto the work, and with little or no previous training, can always be made. available for its performance, with the aid of 2machinery. LAttle boys, not more than 14 years of age, for example, are to be seen charged with the management of two, and sometimes three, different machines performing sriul.- taneously the same operation. Another result on which much '' stress is Iid is, that every conceivable part of a musket, froni all the small component portions of thd lock upwards, is manufactured withsuchc unerring precision that it will fit with surprising exactitude theplace destined for it; not in-a; single musketalone, butin every other constructed on the establishment. For instance, from indistriminate heaps of each of the several finished parts of a lock, consisting of theplate,-the searanEdits springs, thebridle, tumb1er, mainspiig,andsorew, anartiAncanput together a lock in A few minutes. It is the same with every other part of the weapon; all the respective materials are oeacb counterparts of each other; every barrel adapts itself to every stock, every bayonet to every barrel, and so on. By this complete system of interchangeof parts, when any portion of the arm wears out in service before the rest, or gets ix,to disorder, it can easily be replaced, and thus the whole weapon is not disabled by a casualty of that kind. Touching the quality of the materials Ind work, at every single stage of its progress it undergoes a rigid examination, by which any defect is at once detected, and every minute article is made exactly to correspond with an unchangeable gauge. The very tools used are manufactured on the premises, and also by machinery in many instances. Although, however, all the rolling stock used at Enfold was imported from the United States, a very considerable portion of 'he I fine tools, with their fixings, employed in the machines were made in this country by highly-skilled artisans. The machinery for mnalng gunstocka is an exception, for it was specially and wholly fabricated in the manufactory of Mr. Ames, of Chicopee, Massachusetts, and is of the most ingenious and efficient description. This department of the factory, whihcl is under the direction of Mr. Oramel Clark, an American, skilled in its management, is singularly interesting. It contains 23 machines, which performs 16 distinct operations on the stock, and are similar in principle and construction to those in use in the two Government armonurv establishments in the 'United States, at Springfield, Massachusetts, and Harper's-ferry, Virginia, A piece of walnut-wood, roughly sawn into the shape of a gun-stock, is sabmitted to these manifold processes, which round it, scoop out the bed for the barrel, do all the intricate manipulations reqpired for the reception of the mechanism of the lock and its appendages, and, indeed, every other imaginable thing towards its completion, with the nost consummate neatness and accuracy. Several of these machines embody a beautiful automatic action for reversing the motion of the tool when it has penetrated the wood deep enough, by which it disengages itself from the stock onwhich it is operating, and literally " backs out." Perhaps the most interesting and ingenious of the whole machines in this department is that by which the entire lock is let into the stock-a work involving much time and labour when performed by hand. This beautiful instrument is provided with five vertical spindles and appropriate cutters, mounted upon a kind of revolving reel, which are brought round in succession, and trace the figure of a guide or copy which lies alongside the stock beneath the outtirs and guide-pins. A small fan-blower is attached, byI which the chips from the tools are blown away as fast as they are made. The machine is also furuishedI with a clever automatic action. for throwing the drivingbeltonandcoffthepulleys of the spindles as they are brought round in succession to perform a new part of the process. By this machine a look can he completely lot into the stock in about three minutes. Indeed, the whole process of making and perfecting the stock does not occupy more than half an hour, and the only hand labour employed upon it is that which causes the friction of aLftle ssndasr along its surfare after its removal from the last mac -e. Colonel Dickson and Mr. Burton say that they are able to make in this way 200 stocks a-day, at a cost of little more than Is. a-piece, whereas, an expert workman, singlehanded, would not be able to make more than eight or nine in a week, at a cost of 125A Od. a-piece. In estimnating the price of mnaking a stock at Enfoeld, at Is., no allowance is made for the original cost of plant and tools, or their subsequent deteriorationby wear and tear;* but, at the same time, there can be no doubt that the saving effected by machinery such as this will, in a short time, repsy its whole cost, if, indeed, it has not already done so long ere this. The interest inspired by this large accumulation of machinery, and its results, is enhanced by the reflection that the whole of its complex operations are performed simultaneously, and derive their motion from a common source; that the machines which give shape and finish to the bayonet and the stock are propelled by the same engine that communicates motion to the mechanism which makes the lock, and so on through the whole series of results. Into the question of an interference with an important branch of the domestic industry of the country -which this establishment at Enfield involves, it is not now our province to enter. Looking at the whole thing simply as an exhibition-interesting for its own sake and its effects-of mechanical power and invention applied to the fabrication of a part of the national manufactures, it seems questionable whether mechanism has ever achieved greater triumphs, and no theughtful man who witnesses its operations and their results in this instance ean fail to perceive that there are scarcely any limits to its application in the whole range of human labour.
