L . RAaW IA Ia L-_ I ;; - < ~- -RALWAY, ;TRFa c.. P"h g-iolwg Io the'.recei?t of iwaysifier cfs V week;- Lqroept~ --* o j;p3st The traffic return's of railways in the tnited 3ingdom, published for the weekendingAugust16, amountedto 486,7531., and for the corresponding week- of 1855 to '461,6781., shbwing anincrease of 25,0751. 'The gross receipts of the -eight railways having their termim in the 3netrbpolis amodAted for the week ending as above to 211,692z., and for the coresponding week of Last year to 207,451Z., showing an increaso of 4,2611.' The increaso on the 'Great Northern Railway amounted to ,l1011.; on the Great Western to 1,8461.; on the London tmd North-Western to 1,0361.; and on the London andSouth-Western, to 1,935.; .total, 5,9181. But from this miust be deducted 3071.; the decrease on the Eastern Counties; 214!. on the London and Blackwall; 264!. on. thI' london, Brighton, and South Cogst; and 8721. on the Sonth-Eastern'; together, 1,6571.; leaving the increas.e a's aovi 4,2611. ' The receipts on th- other lines in the unitel Ideidoin amounted to 275,06L7, audd for the corresponding period of 1855 to 254,2471., showing anincrease of 20,814!. in the receipts of those lines, which, added to the increase on the metropolitan lines, makes thetotalincrense 25,0754, as compared with the corresponding.week of 18. - SOUTH-EASTERN. The report of thedirectors of this company statesthat the receipts and exuenditr for the half-year ending the '31st of July last show a considerable increase. The gross receiptshave amounted to 503,1771 (including 27,071t., the receipts from steamboat traffic), being- an increase of 35,0391. over the corresponding'period of 1855. After pa.ying and providing for all working charges, rents, interest oa loans, annuities and 'dividends on preferenco shares and stock, there remains available for dividend on the ordinary consolidated stock of the company the balmace of 123,1911. A dividend of 9s.' 6d. per 30Z. stock, or at the rate of 31.3s.4d. per cent. per annum, will absorb a swn-of 117,700!., leaving a balanco to be carried fotward of 5,490'., and this rate of dividend the directors recommend to be payable on or after thoe4th of September next. An aealysis of the receipts shows an increase in the passenger traffic of 321471., 4G041. in the goods, minerals, and cattle, and 5741. in rents, but from which there is deducted a decrease of 2,2861. in the steamboats. The expenditure shows an increase of 20,4711., and a decrease of 6,4021. The total number of passengers conveyed upon the S3uthEastern lines during the half-year has beon'4;646,218, or an increae of 465,263 passengers over the corresponding period of 1855. There has been a decrease in the number o;passengers conveyed tohand from Dover and Falkestone and in the receipts from through continental traffic by rail. and boat, the last half-year comparing anfavourably with2 the corresponding period of 1855, which included three months of the Paris Exhibition traffic ; but this compsrative falling off in the receipts- for through passenger traffic has been more than made up by the increase derived from other sources, amounting in all to 32,1471. under this head. In this increase is included a sum of 4,2011. derived from mails on the North Kent line. The directors state that, while the receipts derived from all sources have been increased bythe sum of 35,0391., this amownt of increase has, been earned by an addition of not more than 8,2351. to the actual working expenses, exclusive of compensation, Govermninet duty, rates and taxes. The company's boats have been maintained in an efficient state, and extensive repairs and renewals have been effected in them during the half-year, which explains the increase in the expenditure under this head. The total cost of these repairs has amounted to 6,846!. The steamers haie' continued to perform their voyages between Folklcstone and Boulogne and Dover and Calais with their accustomeE regularity. The nuaber of passages made between the opposite shores during the half-year has been S94,.and the averagetimeoccupiedbyeachhasbeenlhour and56 minutesSums amounting to 11,8121. Os. 4d. have been paid as com pensation to persons injured by accidents which occurred upon the railway in thecourse of last year. In consequence of tho rise in the value of money during the late war there has been an increased charge of 2,7141. 14s. 9d. for inte,tt &c. The sam of 5,168 has been charged against the halfyear's revenue for dividends on the preference capital created and raised for the constreCtion of the Stroodand Maidstone branch. This line was opened Ifor passenger traffic on the 1Sth of June last; and therefore the capital so expended has now become preductive, andi~wil l prohably become a source of profit to the proprietors. The capital expended during the half-year has amounted to 51,2374, the priacipal portion of which (28,4921.) has been on account o. the constructionof the Strood and Maidstone branch. There has also been expended- on the works it the Foleestone HarbourStation, now nearly completed (the ba4gage examination room being inuse), the sum of 6,7491:; ana on additional wor3dng stock required, for the Strooad and Maidstone branch 8,6451. The capital required for the above purposes has been raised partly by the exercise of the company's additional borrowing powers under the act of 1M55, and partly by the issue of the new fixed 4A per cent. shares under the provisions of the same act. Th(isum of l13,31.L-had'been'received from the latter-source Up tothe 31st ult., and the capital thus supplied being sufficient for the company's present purposes thel far ther allotment of the shares has been closed. i The directors accordinely propose to mak- additions to the working plant from time to time, as the necessities of the traffic require, under the authonty granted by the pr6prietors on the 7th'of September, 1854. The directors request the sanction of the proprietors to the following expenditure. on.newworks .-3,5001. -towards the formation of - ijoint statfon at lewisiam, at the junction with the' Noith and. Mid-Kent Railway; and 5,700. for the -purchase of land and the. constrction of the embankment and works neoessary -to form a proper junction with the Tunbridge-Welis .and Hastings branch at Tnribrid,e. it is also recommended that the sum 'of 2,775I.should Se charged to caital,'being the cost of the additional materials used during tho half-year in the fish-jointing of, th rails, the cost of relayiag;includingnew rails, 4eepers -Zchairs. and labour being charged to revenue. The direors. also request power to expend a sum not exceeding 10,0001. in extending the horn at the end of the pier at Folkestoile' with tlieviewof affording additional facilities for the steamI boat.traffic and the security of the company's buildings at 1 that place. acon - t The Capit account' showa that 11,438,0141. - been expendea to the 31*stof July last, leaving a balance against tbe account of 16,678/ The debenture accoant shows tha2,709 4681. was raised on debentures, of whinch 1,S7,:,76 L1 wvas 'lborrowred at 5 per cent., 394;3701. at 42-per, ent. 376,v000!.at41.percent., 59,1001. at 4j percsent..48,94g,1l at4per vent..:>,-.a 3i per cent., and .S,0501. at- 3 I Teenshows that 503,1777. had been re-- ceived during the half-ye&r ending the 31st of July, includiug i --27-,071lr-from -the"- stamboats, and. 255,2461. expendeil, 'including 20,6991. 'for wrorking- the. stemboats. 12377!. Government dutv, and 18,782b. r..tesand taxes, leaving a 1 balance (f 247,9300' . - - ; -In- order to-atford. explanatins on- the ac'counts now: publlished, to suchi proprietors as ma~y desire them, thae D- * I' directors aud auditors sill-attead it the okiesE nd6! bridgej fotn 4 to2., Wenaynx.W 2 nt.] !rj~i XOPXalf sO t- -I* ',F rlf meet=g-oI this compan was held at * -Yold y yJ : *<ILS . eoSn,qr the~ _Lnn. p ordn;.- ,-1 . ,7 y sr,i, X --Os idI&d- endea Ths Ci AIBMkh moved theadopt-on ct tbe o :o- -hoi l ite a ntefe.sn that nieetrgh j- Theiec. -tors pbad. endeavonred-dorig tetomugstihe buieses-,te ofdthidcnd Aecyarodg ate sth nst haUsinss ,of lasthe yorn HiaThe bhat of tiexr pother, nd, as the rrseu. the reaeipts lid increased 33,7691., while they hanxi,sducedsthe eynsese849!ascompared eifth-th Torgepolnding hilfeof-list'yeair. 'Applauise) -Tbey sere beto 0abIe atm:pecr :aiiyincreaae;ofn divider -of onle h:alf per cent, on ithe. Beirick and YorkeartIn ' overie., the diidend -decared at- * the--correspondrngt half of last ;year. (HIexi, hear,) lle hoed a htu this reaultKwoad be- latisfdcoiy- dtoethndsiarehlders -umt he =odeiresind 'them,' Aitht tart to the reductiontof e- -esen ifattey -, diij s ive-indt if. ythp wfere anirobrstoprehrvthe plant'ein-hitspli end efi'cient sta' ToFtetow tro hs a e hpoai'pezao ef 4rsendittz; would consideratble reductiong n-theire-expeiidiure- coa not, Ihc thought, bs.. expected.. J-It. -would hive' been: easy Mfor the directors, vnt1hout.cooking-the accounts, to Obtaine dxincre0 ddequed fdhe icase thns perceht.- The l;asrenolders:genermLjt " heibeccued;, ove an-dous to h ave eold, strlivdgpnpeety;endithey_,ound'tu yorty;to seq the value of-the sharesimproved teiporariji by suchideais.-;By'the sloW iprov6nient i'the traffic they had beeh e nabled -to zmake tfie Berwick stocay p ,-faIr em rat,ia6ndf the=dutla f ia was snguine -tnough'to, -belibv4--th&t,-it±-the7-ork..section of-pioRriet6rs exeriseda littleniore patience, thty 5b*old reelva: ~n eq,ualyErofit4able retu±is, and theyW-ouldleel they hadheea wise.in- olding their , tock.ti*oughgood.report';nd through -evil report. (Applauso He knew that no one- ould have believed five years agoiatthe York- stock-would now pay as good a dividend as tho Great Westenstoo etsuel as the fac; an d~-hbop te-a -nyo means got-to-thie length of theirtethso (ea ])nring 'he last tw e this 6ompany had achieved-a faumere of cc'ss. -It awas now three years and a-half since the-threecompanies amalgamnated, and the, result' of the joint-working he considered to be .most satisfactoy. 'In consequence oE.thb heavy sUms theyv had had to- pay- in respect of the Great Torth of E ngamd puIrchasoaccount, the company had not rceived the- u advantage of the.traffiooi.the district. . Duriig the last two 'years they had had -to pro. vide 4;250,0001. at a time vhen the Bink of England -Was discounting at, 5,o, aDd even 7 percent. Theybadob. tamed this money on most favourahie terms, at-4- or 4l per cent, -Having pointed out advan'ages which baa resulted from theainalgamation; and.. t;peressed his belief that the NSorth-E3astern Company would continue toprosper, he Can,F cluded by moving the adoption of the reeort. '- 31r. Alderman SEEirAs,he -deputy-eicrnan, scdonded the motion. - -h -Mr. Sims did not think-it amatter of cougratulation'that theywere borrowing money at 4# , and paying a diviuden or only. Th eHA C repliedsthat someof the money was-lor-; rowed at 41, and thateborrowd at 4Q could fot Io avoidod, when they had to raiese at -once upwards of one mlillion to pay -off the Greit Nprth of England purchase debentures. Mr. SHAW asked some ouestionswith respect to additions of capital in rspect of the ads section of accounts. -, The CnHURmnA explained that there might be additimns made to. capital on separate accounts, but they referred to transactions which took pla*e before the aialgination. Those transactiins which--were- completed butnot- settled for, and which had. been1ince wound up, were &rchaed to the sections to which they belonged. _ _ er In reply to seveial questions put by Mr. CHAIM:M, of Scarborough, - - - The CEAiRyAx remarked,first, as to the Aire and CaWder lZavigation, that what the directors mesnt -was that, if ithe ng theton now pending vero brought to a satisfactoryconLc the shareholders wvould have the transaction sub.t nittedto them-for theirapproval. If thenegotiations failed, of course there reas an.end of the matter. The cost consequent on-cert he'avy slips en the Aucldan&branch would fa lnpon the contractor, though the company might- be involved-in some exese under cerh5tai circumstances. -With respect to the company's iptio'n *the)e.anresYall6y line being guaranteed, the chairman enlarged upon thetimportance of that line to. this company, andsuggested the umprobabillity of their subscription being received if they had insisted'ugon a guantaee The reason wehy -Ir. Graham Hutchison had resigned his seat at the lizorth-Eastern beard was oit account of his having -lOSD his eyesight, and ths direcors did not consider -it desirable to fill up the vacancy at present.- As to t+he superintendents' saaries, he was sorry to say theywveroenot toowreelpaid. Aler answvering some further questionsb hyf. BlcR7xsRTOYr, Mr. 1'ns, and Mr. CIscu.ON, the OCH Yra put the motion for the adoption of t}he report, and it was carried -nanaimouly:lv The CausAt- next moved a dividend resolution of 4 p tstock, and 2 percent. on the -wrkrith the recommendation contained in the reucrt.-Carried 2m.s dis. The next resolutio was .-" That the agreement of the 15th of July last, for ibandoning the proposed appeal respecting the leeds I-eference shares and for settnz the rights of the preference and other shareholders in the Seeds capital of thin COmuany, be confirmed *and 'hat the direcItors be authorized to apply the balancein hand, after paying the Leeds preference dividends for the past half-year, inthe ' mnne sggetedintheir reprt."-Carried. !The dire4rs were also authaorized to apply to Parliament at the first convenient opportunity for powers to subscribe 15,0001. to the Dearness Vallev Railway undertaking, as votedby the general meeting in August, 1855. bJ The-meeting ciacluded with a vote of tha6ns to-the chairman. OXFORD, WORCESTER, AND WOLVERHAMTON, The report of the. directors of this company states that they have a ppointed Nr..A. C. Sherrni, late general traffic manager oftmeNorth-EasterniOompany, the generalmanager w.ith full powers,under aniagreementinvolving afied&salary andpercentage upon increase of netprofits, foraperiodof five years. The gross traffmcteipts fornthehalf-year eadingJune i0, 1855, 'lere S2,633l, and in the half year ending tbe o0th of June last, 91,5721; the average receipts per'week being 3,1791. in 1855, and 3,5221. in 1856; and the weeklyreccipts par miile in the half-year ending June 30, 1855; 331. 16s. 5d., and in 1856 37L 9s.Ad. Two bills wrere passed in the late session of Parliament-viz., one for raising additional capital, and one for postpconng the coinpletion of~ the broad gauge throughout for four- years. The -imectors have-entered into asrangements -with the Worcester and Hereford Company for a iinctioWnof that line with th' Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton line at Worcestei. oi terms mutnally beneficial, and have also entered into satisfactory traffic arrangements -with the.Here-' ford company. The directors consider the formation of the Worcesterand Hereford line (which paisesthrough ll,vern to Hereford} will tend materally to improve the receipts of this company, not only by largely increasing the passenger traffic to and from Malvern, but alsd by opening up the mineral district of South Wales with the district of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway, and the Enes northaand south of it. The narrow gauge lines on the Great Western Rasilwvay between Oxford and Basingastoke being nearly completed, the directors have thought it their duty to seek -- an interviewi with the directors of the SouthEastern Company in reference to an interchange of narow gauge-traffic between the midland and northern counties andthe southern counties and ports of England by means of a junction at Reading of the Great WYestern and South-Eastern railwavs. . s the- Board of Trade have expressed an opinionin favour ofajunction at this place, the direitors consider there can be nO doubt that it will be effectd- a latge interchange of traffic will be created thereby. Immediately on their election the new board of directors- expressed to the directors of the Great WSiYterx Company sitting at'the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton board, their desire to have an immedihte meeting with -the Great Western ComCany, and to arrange for aUl matters of difference batween the two companies being amicably settled. A subcommittee was appointed to conferwith any deputation which the Great Western might aDpoint, bnt the directors refretthat the deputation have not yet met. The directors have settled amicably all matters in dispute between this hcopany and the London and North-Western and Midlnd companies. The locomotive worltin- expenses during the half-ycai have been unusually e, the cause of which is attributed to the bad condition of the engines, which had to be taken to- by Mr. Haward.. With regard -to the deferred dividend on the first preference shares for the half-year ending the 31st of December, 1855 for- which deferred dividehd warrants were issued at the time, the directors now Propose to pat hem -without furthet delay, together withmterest at the rate of 5per cent., up tothe date of paymeit. The directors propose at the forthcoming meeting. to.issue under theirAct of this session the. new -. 350,0001. stock, which they hope,to do at a; rate not exceeding 4A per cent. per annum. The directors have obtained under the same bill-powers to-confert the debenture debt of the company iato.s tock at a fixed;rate of int'erest, but stil'tetaining all the advantages jnd security to adebenture debt Inconclusion the directors rlok con.idence to the future, notwithstanding thatthe past half-year's 'accounts (net yet fully made up) are unsatisfactory. They believe that the undertaking contains within itself adl the elements of success, and that tlie sound, practical management wbich they are endeavouriDg to introduce, the cultivation of friendly relations with neighbouring companies, the abeienoe of alI conoealment, the institution- of short and regular accounts, and continuous attention to the iompany'saflairs, will, before leng, result in bringing the no* revenue to such a position as willpayall interest and preference .chare, and leaveua blance applicable for dividend on the original shae. 'Theyr ask from the proprietor s, niumen of buiness, that patience, confidence, and isnaniniityr without 'wuich all their efforts to retrieve the companyj's aEais mutbe nnaaiig. - .GREAT- SOliTfERiN- AX ESTERN. T lhe repeorti of the directors; to be submitted to- the meeting ofecroprietors on Satbrday, the 30teh iDsL, ates tb<t the total trdicreceiptsfortheix months ending the iSoth of J iune, were 170,eOpl, and for the 3stae perioem 'in lr 156,4S2L, shonawig an increaseof 14,b18. 'TEe iet 'str-plus revefneafor the half-year is Sl,443l.,' out of whlich the directors recommend-tfhat a dividend be paid to the pro- prietors of original stock at -the rate o f S per cent. per~ aungnu. This will leave a balance o£ 6,44311- to. be carriedi tio the nexit balL-Year's ancoinat. Looking to the receipts of t.he-line fur the half-yeair endnig the 31 stof Deoernbtr, lS855' ad d'he increase' which ma~y fairly be .calci.ak thereon For the corresponding period of the presenit r, «e directors felt themselvesjustified in recommending this increased ate at thi etll.eaelymeetigi adpI e ou~iible' The direors u aodd or porto e tecpt oteo onitianyw Iie.exAail-I 1e ia .w t was o,riinail ca,lclated on- hue caldol hythe -raid de,e o*ofi ' iD .lne~iditloos 'to tbe, rollingz stc:; and ieea accommodation- at IIt t prnucipal ~sitaf orpasisnge goods, and cattle. Tbey feel a5ured that-tl tenninotioo of the ar-'nd Uhoe ect of anahundut harvest will give a new impetustoriway eaterpwhic Eill'r4nires to bo -luely drelope-R~r A;L Mready manv districts eomee:wihteln we tre Seeklg their Support, aS~d it; would-le eirndutY to 03,l a positiOn to get such' 'n. trol over 4.odie brand-as ould prerent then- at a future- Aaf rofn 3being --'clog instead--of i.' sor of, -evenu to- tho- ouopany. - IDnclding. stock and- :newi'-4,rlIm' now - in -progr.the-'-e, penditure beyoud the 'apital authoize to beni;ed byacte of PArlia ont ul4-be ibout l80,Q0l., Ina;iontht they ak forfutue requirements, contingent on incrase oE traffiq, 7%,000t, maling altogether -20,O00.' - They stat th must b prepredtowork the Poscrea amd JP?soinstown, the Tralee and Kilarney. and-the Bagenapstown .aand W ys; n n rogress of constrctibn,-thab bil will probably be ipplied for:next ession of Pirieent for permimion io extend the powersof an act now in-force toK make a line 'from MaUllow to Fermoy, and for a-nowv act to make ainefroinenagh .to Roscrea. They had -entered into "an orgement for three "years IitI: the Irish Soutn-Eastem Pilway Company to work Their line and to :hve cormplete control over its traffic.., The forgeries :connutted by the late clerkj, J. Xnighting, who ad been in the e ymernt of. ,the company from its for=ation, and who, by nn ability andsosod intaarity, raised-himself t'ithe head of the ttasfer department, had been carried on wtitlh an ingenuity,tact. and darifg rarely eaualled t-o -hich the practice Co n tedwiih the tran{fer&of railwaystock and ..shares had given peculier facility. Thev hid -given. much co,rderation t,othe --becb; and, whle they-were forced admitthato DOhecTks col be devised w hichwould ord anperfect eecutf against£raud hyforgery -n jointstock com,nanies,.y .hey have framed-snoh regualti6nc an woula add considarably to the difficulty o aeretratingiuck frauds; or, if, attempted, would quildyleadItotheit detection. -The capital acount showed that 4,181,1551. had lbeen..zais.d and 4,2255911. expended, leaving a balance aantthe company of 44,4351 The re'venue accunt forthe half-year showed that 173,643. had been received anc 61,S52Z. eended on workLng, 37,5051 interest on loaus- ad leaving, with 9,VISl from the iormner account, an avail. , able surlusof- 8l,442.--- -- G r-EA-WFSTA 2D BRENTFOPJ).: Thecapta acout o ths ompnyshows that 28,284~ had een alieiip o th3OthtJun; tAt -13,~555. hac1 The conshtruton accout. showed that 1 4.176t had bee received ar,d 6,6071. expended, ,leaving a hahice of 7,ol6l. VALE OF IM '- The accounts of this company to the 30th of June Iasf; shows the tota receipts on capital accouit to bave been. 796,03L,, andthe payments 87%272S1., of which latter smn 37,0561. was paid in the la half-year. The evene account for the half-year shows that 32,1521. had been received, and 16,8SS?. expended, leaving a balance of l5.26I31 applicable to dividend, besides a baance from last -vealoM 64_, mahing a total sum applicable to dividerd of. 15,82S. LANCASTER AMD CARLISLE. The capital account of this companysbows that 1, a4,53W. had, been received and L590,6001. epeanded, Ieaving a balanceof 6,06Ml aganst the company. The renewal fund shows a balance in favour of it amounting to 17,aaI1 The revenue account for the h2lf-year ending June 3( showedthat 149,574Z. ibid been received, and 66,5191. expended; including 4,500Z. for rates and taxes and Government duty, leaving, with 652Z from last account, a balanca of 84,3M0. Ott of this is deducted 1,3171. being part of tie over estimate for convevpcce of mails, 53,7001 for dlivi. dend at the rate of 74 per ent. per annum on the ordinary stock for the pat half-year. 20941. for interest on-debt~ 26,0377. Lancaster and Preston Rilaway proportion of neb traffic, leaving a. balance of 1,1801. for the next account. xEEWRY, WAERENPOINT, AND ROSTREVOR. The directors of this comuany state in their report that durig the ps six months no additions have been made tocapital account. The traffic zeturns for the past half-year show, as Compared -with the corresponding period in 1855, an increase of 83M., or about 6 per cent.-namelv, 1,403. a,s against 1,320L- The working expenses, including repairfor-the past half-year, amounted to 754L. The veryn- favourable state of the weather during the early part of thesummer had naturally a very preiudicial effect on the receipts, but since the fine -weather has set in the DCafflc has noreased in a greater zatio than in any former vear. In order to effec' a saving in the present rate of interest, the di-ectors have decided on exercising the borrowingpowers of the company, by offering to faL-e money on dsbenture, rather than issue the remainder of the preferencoshares. Third-class return tickets have been issued since July 1,and are likely to answer extremely welL A company in now being formed for extending the Present-Newry and Enniskllen line to Armagh. Should this be effected the most benefiial results to this company may be anticipated. An arrangement for a junction be'tween this comnp any and the Newry andEnniaklilen Company wvould. then ecme of nrmaay importance; and a resolution empow ering the directorato join-that company in an application to Parliament, as well as to authorine any trafc arrangemse1t that may be deemed advisable, will be submitted to the meeting.
- TaE WEUKGrON STAu AT MAiNCuESER.-Th, ceremony of inauguration will be simple, and somewhat likethat which inauguratedthe Peel statue at the otherendof theesplanade. The veil or drapery-which, till a-proper momaint, wi enshroud the statue,-though it cannot conceal the outline of the principal figure, which every passer by must. see to be that of Wellington,--will at a given signal bewithdrawn, and&tle noble memorial to our great captain wil be revealed to the admiring gaze, and welcomed-by theunanimous cheers of the assembled thousands. The granitefor the new grade in the base of the Peel statue has already arrived, and we understand that it has beea determined that the Peel statue shall be taLen down, its pedestal raised, and the figure replRced at the higher elevation, before the inanguration of the Wellingtonmemo. viaL The total height of the Peel statae and pedestal will then be25ft. 9in., and that of the Wellington memorial 32ft. Ther.- appear at last to be some signs of progress in the: completion of the levelling and flagging of the new public espianade. For some time past, doubtless, most of thoxo who pas that way frequently have looked with a sort of' adespeir on-this-waste .p1ao in 'the v-ecy -heart of-the city. And even now, though doubtless every effort willtbe made -tXo expedite the proceedings, it seenis not nlikel that th only portion o7 the eslanadle whch unikely tat te esplaaewihwfilappear in s,me, degree icomplete on the day of iusugura.in wi he them flagin orpavngof the promenade itself.' The branze-casing, wich whn duly placed upon t-he pedestea, will formthat which, as.a -whole, we hiave no betteral name for thanthe Wellingtonfenmoril, arrived in Manchesteron Saturday, and the Nculptor, Mr. a oble, arrived on M,ionday evening. We shal not miuel escribe the statuarpat present. Suffice it to y, that unon ae pedesta b.of g stands the statute of the Duke; that t eh ye d the' pedestal is a small -projecting foot or pedea reception of a subordinate fniue; th the t t the front angles wre (to the 5pectatorslf)frso ao, and (to the right) 3dinerra oriy sdot Behi ars is .o e- reward of valeur-YVictory - behindi t h reasrd of wigsdom-Peaoe. Inrfourit nej or pnt i the A lareof the pedestal -wil be $aoed as m&nv- time for the inaugurationm hat at the-cstopray the ha6ttle of Assaye, VallingAn's grea&test ctrinIda thatin front the battle of Waterloo, hiscrowna icryn EuroPe. Betweea thefilgur,s of Mars and Vcor s obea has-relief of the Congress -of Vienna1; and,between~ alinr%a. and Peawe Agother repreaenting the 'Duae reevigte thankCs Of the House of Chimmons. The staLtue and the fonr subordinate figurTes are aLll of bronze. -since Saturday, the' worlanen have been busi engsed in raiming the statuie an&'L figure to their places R2e figures. were cast by MesTs_s. Etol,insou and Cottam at their Timldico works, and theaggregate 'weight of metl -in them is about 10 tons. Tha'statue of the 1ule aleae 'weighs five tons, and stands 13 feat. hfighi; the granite pedesta is abouot 1.9 feet', in height, a Ifd weighs, aboutl0D tons.-Aftsuacter Gua;Viin of ye;teraA. Gn.=s nz TM -Nos.mI Sx&"-SHan-, -ThiursdayNlight.- Thie weather -him been excecdin ly roughlfat Sea. during the- past two or- three dlays, and the herring-bat are ~revested getting out to the fishini., ltis ver,' bitr ousion the xiffng this ei-enihg; witil A IEtioig- sea rauni-ng7 across the bar. The brig Advance, coa.l-ladft,` whichwa vpatting back this niornle -with her saEisjraiv blov/ away, groundea on the in-sanid,and her caoigo wil Ilave'to .be dii'- cliarged. The s-hooner lively, -sunk in the-rairwy , ha F a..~t be-en recovered, and 'sbe is likely to ocoas, osdr able trouble to the csavtosofth ivrTye A laden- Iri *a obervd i te ofin ths fernonWith her,
£1oNBY rAZK34CITyWThrILLGB.rNCE. Friday Evening. The English funds opened lwith firmniesw this Morning, and, Plthough inactive, were well min. tained- throughout tho day. Conmols foi money, Vehich left off yesterday at 95i, were qudted 9,ol to j. For the l0th of September the last pice wras $5i to -r. Toneyis onl in moderatedemund,audthe current rate for loans on stock is 4_ per cent. The transactions of the day were altogether limited. -ank Stock left off at. 21TA to 21 ; Reduced, V5A toL; Ne Three per Cno , 94-o t;Annuities, 18;1 India Stk,-233 to 236; -ndia-bonds, 12s. to 15s. premium; Ri:xchequer-bond= lo0 to i =.n Fachequer-bills, 13.z to 14s, premium. Foreign securities woire firmer, but the highest pices were not in all casas supported. Turkish ;si per Cents., for the accounti were nego. Uiated at I08M and i; and the Four per Cents. Guaranteed, for money, at 104, aud for the account, at 104i and 104. The other operations comprised -Ecuador, New Consolidated, 41 ; Grenada New Active, 20; DIexican Three per Cents, .22, ; Peruvian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., M2 and 8d ;PortuguesThreeperCenfts,461; hziianSiveperCents.,for the accourt, 113 and 112i; Sardinian Five per CUents., 92; Spanish Three per Cents., for account, 44S; Dutch Tro-and-a-±lalf per Cents-.64i nda the] ltour per Cents. Certificates, 98.. In the. foreign enc;hanges this afternoon the rates 3enerally wvere the same as last post. In the corn-market this morng there wFas a fuither advance of between Is. and 2s., making a total recovery of fully 3s. per quarter since Monday. The report of the iverpool cotton-market forthe 'week shows a limited business, and a tendency to lower rates. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 'Of. S oc. for money, and 70f. 80c. for the end of the mionth, showina furtherfractionaldecline. Financial affirs o the continent appear as inachive as on this side. For months past there has been searcelv the slightest movement-on the Vienna 3 xclange. At -Amsterdam also the stock-market }as been equally dull. At Hamburg the pressure for money is unabated, the rate of discount being 6 to 6# per cent. On the Paris Bourse every movement towards recovery proves momentary, and prices are now nearly as heavy as at the commencewent of the month, when they toucned their lowest point. The competitioni of railway securities seems still to be a leading, cause of the weakness of the Rent-es. Yesterdcay it -was announced that the Southerm of France Company (Bordeaux and Cette) ffre about to issue 90,000 new shares amiong their existing proprietary. it is understood that a resolution has been adopted by the Penisuar and OrientalSteam Company 'ithin the last few weeks to reduce their rates of passage-money on the 1st of January nent to the scale wbich was in operation previously to the great increase in the cost of coals, &c., in 1853. Persons connected with the Cape of Good Hope nre anzious for the particulars of the postal service -to be establishedby the new mailpackets. Itis believed that the details of the contract have not yet been finally adjusted, but they are expected to be published in a few days. In the colonial produce-markets during the rweek 3s moderate business has been transacted at an cscazional advance. A steady home and export demand characterizes the coffee-market, and all the good and fine coloury kinds of plautation Ceylon have been sreadilytaken at an improvement of is. per cwt, The inferior csses also realize ery flrates. The quantity of sugar brought forward has been limited, but after the first day's sales, which went off well, the market became flat. To-day, however, there has been a good demand, both speculators and shippers buying rather freely. At the close much firmness is apparent, and rates are equal to those current a week back. Two cargoes of Havannah have been sold for St. Petersburg, aud one of Bahia for Tieste, all on high terms. The tea-market continuesiat, and black leaf kinds have been sold at very low quotations; common Congou is at 8gd per lb. Thle rice-market has been active during the week, and very considerable contracts have been settlcld for parcels on the spot at an advance of 6d. per cwt. Business in floating cargoes has to some extent been checked by the, high . rates demanded. Ealtpetre has fallen abolut 6d. per cwt., chiefly for the better kinds. The following letter furnishes the latest descrip-ion of the prospects of this year's vintage in France and Germany Sir,-Having just returned from visiting the principal vine districts of France and Germany, I begto offer the follouing remarks:- - "Dunng the last S0 years ihe demand for champagne, ot ony for tis, ut fos other cntries, has increased - ueasely; but tho supply has kept pace ith the demand, a:nd, although the laud capable of p reducing thin peculiar vine is comparatively limited, and the vineyards generally very carefullycultivated, there seems no reason to doubt that the same causes which have hitherto led to increased production, without diminution of quality or higher prices, will contnue to operate.. "This district has entirely escaped the oidiusa, or wine disEase; but, owing to ,everal unfavourable seasons, stocks -are low, there is but little very fine wine, and prices have lately ri en, owing to cold weather in the spring, and heavy rairs afterwards. The vintape this year must be small, but the long-continued heat has been very beneficial, and,'iffine wealher continues, e.xcellent wine may be expected. "'By reference to the map of France it vill be seen that lle whole of the disrict generally sa pposed by Englishmen to bethe only place where wine, besides champagne, can be foutd for them is the small' spot below. Bordeaux, on the Garonne, extending 50 or 60 rfmies down the river. This is; -Vme country of claret. known ever-ywhere else as Bordeaux ,wsine; much of it deservedly held. in great repute, and pro- bably ten times as much is sold yearly in France and abroad' jcnder the name of`Bordeaux as isactcally producedinthe wL'ole Medoc. The diseasc has been very severe thete for 1 two ^r tkree years, and consequently there is but little flie wine, and the prices of all the comnmon descriptions have . rben enormously. But-the vine itself is regainmag its natural healthy vgorous look, evidently throwi.ng off the disease whichs formerly seemed to threaten *ts very existence, and it i n]ay he fairly hoped that wir.th the healthy stem, even another wear will give a un2ance of good.frutni. "4 From Bordeaux to Toulouse is one continuation of hills and plains of healthy-looking vines, less and less cared for as the distance from the former town and the expense of' -carriage increase. After leaving Toulonse we come into the gpeat wine districts, which possess a climate and soil nowhere mn the world surpassed, but, although very productive of fced and drink, capable of geat increase. " As one proof of this, l may mention that a common sight was a circular space in a field, beaten down level, on: wTich were laid the ripe sheaves of corn, on which were. -three women with flails, three or four donkeys or horses kept running roumd, and a man or woman driving three. bullocs, dragging behind them a large stone with longi. tudinal grooves; and, after the corn has been thus thrashedt *out, the straw iS carried off, and -the corn thrown up so as, let the wind blow awaythe chaff. It maybe inferred from -this how the vines are locked to and the wine maide, and it; is probably no ex.gerated supposition that, immense as is, even the usual produce of this great distaict, extending, to' the Mediterranean, when, thrown opea 'by the raiways now in pro_ress, and encouraged by the oponing of the: Englih maret, the production may be incrensed tenfold. he disease has bean very virulent, and stocks vwere never: before so low or prices so high, and this year will be little if any better; but all anxiety as to the decay of the'vine ittself has vanisbed, for everywhere it looks strong and well, and the alarm has already led to greater attention to the " By far the greater part of -the wine drunk in Paris and in Fran;ce is grown he'e, beingwell suited by its natural strength formixing with the lter wines of Bordeaux, B3rndy, &a., and also by its usually extraordinary cheap-ness. But even nor-, although, the common kinds are so: dear 3a to have had the nnfortunmte effect of driving many, -of the working classes to spirits, very' fait qualities can be h3d'at prices which astonish nZgimr *vh .udb notles alpp=¢edto ndthat by adding the psual applica tion of ,brandy that pest usdergoes he wiould have a winei quite adapted for John Bull, though too strong for the Hallrder, -the Hamburger, or-the Swvede in their fine " Proceeding onwards to ilon-tpelier and Avignon, the _sine 4ertlity ancd abundance- presents itself. Ascer;ding the Rhone, the wines,' beig g'enerally -grown on rocky ground, show moze delicacy and variety, and still more so on getting into the -PuTgUndy colntry, where a very fair vlhtage may be ekyected; and where the oidiuim has never been very bad. "Throughout the 'tbautiful country- from Dijon, in Bunr Zgndy, to Mannheim, on the Rhine, not much wine is produced, bht there the great Rhenish vineyards begin, and -continne a long way down the river. Tnese districts have -alsO escaped the disease, but these is rarely above one fins -vintage'ir every five or six years. 'The-presenst promises to lbe fine, bat the qunEtity small. -"lathe Palatinte the vines are' heavily laden with well. grown grapes, gi.vingthe'propect of an abundant, supoly of the pleasant, tough very light, cheap wine of this -district. - '- -Tle convictlon in Al the wine' hdistriets Iave visited is that pricew have attained tlieiw 'Tnaummu tnd conseduently purchases are made only for 'immediate wants,; and consnmption is diminishiig. This stAte of matters must continue till it is known hortthe vintage of 1857 wil prove, and, if it is vezv abundsat, a gret fall may be expected, for every one will' then bring forward whatever he has for sale, remcmhering the fsmer usual prices and what he may therefore exrpect by helding gn. Ihis fear will not be' dinminishled by tXhe knowledge of the late falling off in the demand at home and ald, and b y-the enormousFower of' productirn, furher incited by scarcity and hi,gh,,rices.. .:- ''T. G. S." Thle teturn from the Bank of Eiglan for, th week ending the 16tkh o - Ampt gwved th folloini resuti1t, when compired iti the irevous week .- f odepoi.. . -4S663,218...ceu.rf £383,110 Othe:depitx _.- ,.. lO,560,407...Increae, 406,603 Red. ... .. 8,690-..ree 1,904 -Oa theotherdoftheat:..._rD - Govm=ent setlte... =V10,078 .. The same ba efore. O$herectirtics.. ...15,270,195 ... Incrme,.se 4791,267¶ Noes \migpoyed *-. 610O56O..-°l9Ince; vl5,6 The a~mouiit of niotee En circnlatiohiis 20,0z'9,17Ol4r being a decrease: of- 33;4201.; and 'the sto&kOof bli1lion in both deparient3 s i12,455,6241. sowih g a. decrease of 9,32Z. whei poinparedi th the preceding return. _
LONJDON, SATURDAY, AUGUST 23, 18 Perhaps there are fe6 things on a superficial view -more satisfactory to Englishmen or striking to -foreigners than a criminal trial at quarter sessions or assizes. The order and method which pervade the whole proceeding-the technical regularity -which limits and defines the reception of evidence-the -precision and celerity which seem to be so well reconciled-all these to a stranger, and often to an -E;nglishman, generally afford matter for astonish. -ment and admiration. There is none of that unseemly and passionate invective which is so copiously displayed on the part of foreign tribunals--none of that unfair and injudicial bullying which betrays an innocent prisoner into self-accusation-none of that boisterous. and arrogant inquisition which prides itself .on assuming that the imputation and the verification of guilt are the same thing. But to one who -follows more closely our criminal trials there is much which is inconsistent in the theory, anomralous in the practice, and hurtful in the - result or our procedure. We believe that in the majority of cases substantial justice is done, but -we also beliEve that in the minority of cases, where justice is ' not done, considerable injury and annoyance are occasioned, to the poorer- classes of prisoners and prosecutors, and' that in the latter cases grave dainage-is done -to. importirnt public interests. The fact is that our criminal law-.excellent in its general principles and admirable in many of its details-has not adapted its machinery' to the demands of expanding wealth and increasing population. When the inhabitants of these islands were far fewer-about one-fifth. or one-sixth of what they are now, when the wealth of individuals was much less; when crime was, if not less hold or dexterous in particular instances, still far less artfully concocted and less artistically combined than now, the administration of the criminal law rarely erred in the detection and punishment of offenders; it oftener erred in punishing those who had comraitted no crime at all.7 Of course, it will not be expected that we ahould point out all the defects of the existing ystem. It will be sufficient if we indicate one ar two of those which have excited the greatest attention and ledto the suggestion of favourite remeldies; and for this purpose we take as our textbook aReport on Criminal Procedure, draughted by Mr. GnEAVES, Q.C., amd addressed- to the LouaD UHAIN-OBLLOR Among the most anomalous pairta of our criminal procedu-re that connected with the mode and cost of prosecutions is the most detrimental to, public interests. The theory is right enough wvhith professes to conduct the prosecution at the insti- gation of the Cnowg--,Tuht the theory is not true: to itself. 'The ow-`ivitsa.ip~ iP.c0r cIsnd !--oaglht to halve the entire direction of thae mpo- 6eedings from, the coinmaenceneint, gzves to. them little' mre than' the sanction of its 2name. The 'real practica1 - value 'of its intervention is, or rather was,- ioind in the power it gave of examining the-real prosecutor to a witness. Beyond this it did, and does, hardly anything. It neither makLs a'precognition of the offence com- , maitted, nor an analyss of.the evidence.to-be pro-' duced,.-nor does it: even bear the expenses of the prpsetution. We are -not now speaking of great' towns, .where a -partly- exocptional practice prevails, but of criminal.-trials in' general -throughout the country.: The ordinary mode- of proceeding is this :-The injured man,, poor or, ich, goes to an attorney. According- to Mlr. GnE&AVES, and in conformity with- the general experience of the }Bar, it'is -not generally the highest, class of attorneys who -will engage in criminal business. Now, without wishing to impute any misconduct to a body' of gentlemen who are at least as Ihonest as their -neighbours, with many more temptations to' contend against, ite is not _saying too' .much to maintain that, if a certain class of. business. is popularly: supposed 'to be discreditable and' its professors uiscrupulous, the very hypothesis swill, in some cases, induce the fact. Everybody kiowa Ihat is the p6wei and influence' of an attorney in a country distriet. - A -poor man or an uneducated rich man (and there are many such among our rural middle classes) is wholly dependent upon the lawyer he consults. If. the latter discourages him, or does 'not encourage him, in his intention to prosecute, or suggests a compromise,' the unlettered client is sure to abide by the advice' so given. Thus, ab initio, there is a door opened to unworthy or corrupt 'comnapromise nd the defeat of justice. Nor is this all.- It not unfreqnently happens that criminal cases of the worst hind are brought to the notice of attorneys the most respect-' able and the most averse from that particular kind of business. If the case is one of flagrant criminality, such an attorney is expected by the injured man, or by the magistrates, or by the neighbours, to conduct the prosecution. He cannot well wash, his hands of it. But what is the risk he nin? The prosecutor may ba poor, or the witnesses may be many and remote. from the scene of trial; or there may be. - legal difficulties which demand, the advice of. counsel. All these are elements of expense.. People expect the' ease to be proceeded -with. If it be not, there will be general dissatisfaction. The attorney does' go on with it. - A true bill is found. A crowd of witnesses-are brought a long distance, and are kept dangling about the court four or five days. A conviction is gained, and the sum eventually allowed to the prosecutor and witnesses does not pay their actual expenses! M r. GrAvEvxs quotes a strilkng instance. A foul murder had been committed. Suspicion rested on one man. The magistrates called upon a respectable attorney inthe 'district, and told him that so grave a matter " ought; to be looked into." The attorney felt himself bound to take the matter up. He did so, subpcenaed t-wenty witnesses, prosecuted the case to a conviction, was complimented by the presiding Judge and the Bar for bis energy and skill; and, after all, found himself forty pounds out of pocket for expenses incurred ! There is another evil. We have spoken of nnworthy and. disgraceful compromises.- There may be disgraceful and iniquitous prosecutions-prosecutions which, whether they do or do not'fail of a conviction, hardly -ever fail to. leave a lasting stigrma upon the reputation of the person accused. The result of the premises in the two cases we have cited is obvious. Justice is. defeated in many instances in which otherwise it would be satisfied. It is defeated because a poor man, knowing his own inability to pay for a criminalprosecution, will not make his complaint to the magistrates. It is defeated because the Court (actua-lly in the teeth of an act of Parliament) will not allow him reasonable and sufficient expenses. The first and most obvious remedy for this seems to be the institutio- of public prosecutors. MIr. GrEAVES opposes this, but suggests that there should be " district officers to superintend " prosecutions." This is coming very near indeed to the appointment of public prosecutors, if it is not the same' thing under a different name. In fact, already in certain large towns the borough prosecutions are under the direction of the town-clerk, or some other person who possesses professional knowledge and experience. He makes an examination of the case and the witnesses, and superintends the management of the prosecution. IHe also distributes the briefs among the counsel who attend the sessions or the assizes. MIuch of this would be done in the same way by a public prosecutor. He would not be able to attend to the management of each individual case when brought to trial., His duty would be mainly the previous preparation of the prosecutions. Of these he wouldhimself conduct the more important in court, but many of them he would distribute among the Sessions Bar, as they are distributed now. We may mention by the way that the same thing is also done in those colonies where the A ommv-GmwzRAL discharges the functions of public prosecutor. He is unable to give his personal attention to all the cases put into his hands. He therefore delegates some of them to the junior members of the Bar. The advantage of this would be twofold,-first, there 'would be a guaranttee that no case which went before a criminal court had not been duly sifted, and the evidence pertaining to it duly analyzed i next, a prosecution instituted in this way would, of course, save the injured person from that additional injury which a liability to costs now inflicts upon him. - The prosecution- would be really and truly, not nominally, "public';" and would come before the world sanctionedbyagravei authority than the shriewdness of a sharp' attor6e' or the judgmenit ofin anctive policeman.
We drew attention some days ago to the " thia treport of the Select Committee on the Ecclesias"tical Commision," and especially to the fifth resolution of the committee, by which, instead of really fixed incomes; " landed estales sufficient to " afford th clear st-atutory inicomne of eatch bisalow "w were proposed to be secured to each see, "the management of such estate being in the "bishop, but the Ecclesiastical Commissioners providing for a periodical inspection . This' resolution appeared to us to be open to one of two objections,' accotding as we interpret it. If the resolution means that the bishops are to enjoy the whole tent of their estates, in that case the resolution is in the teeth of a principle which has been professed in all our legislation on this subject for the, last twenty years-the principle of ffxed episcopal incomes. - It is quite true our legislation has been inconsistent, and has deliberately allowed itself to be frustrated on this point; 'but 'hat has been the professed principle, and so the country at large has understood it. This resolution, then, if interpreted as seciu-ing to the bishops the whole rent of certain estates, plainly conflicts with this prinoiple,for alandedestate must in the nature of things furnish a variable income, not a fixed one. Nor can the rent of such an-estate be at all asce4sined`with such correctneks as to preelude the chance of its much'exceeding what t'he committee itself calls the "statutory income" of -th6I .Ts the'objection ther to which this reaod4tion.ii open if interpreted as above. On the otlfef hand; if we interpret the resolutioni as meaning that the: Tshop -shaU be placed' in the ucesi-propiietorahip andfiull management 'f 'the estate in, question, but -that he ahall not be allowed to get more -:thah bii' statutory income oUt of it, ana - be called upon to pay over all .excess of rent 'to the Ecclesiastical Commission-so -interpreted-the resolution is open to the objection .of giving tha management of an I estate to a person who has. no interest in its improvement. While the resolation, then, upon this interpretation escapes. the. objection of a variable income, it lays itself open to another quite as serious. The fixed income of the bishop has the necessary offect of depriving him of all interest in the improvement of the estate. If the rent falls short of that income the deficiency. is made up to himu; if the rent exceeds it the excess: is taken from him. It is -therefore exactly the. same to him whatever the estate. brings in, and therefore he is not the proper person to have the management of it. ' ' One of these two objections the resolution must J~ace; nor do we see how. it can get out of the dilemma. It either unfixes the income, or it is unfair to the estate. Either the bishop is restored to his old position-again of landed proprietorship, with all the chaiiees and variations attending itand that would be. in contradictioh to thie whole professed design of the legislation of the last' 20 years-or with a fixed income he is made the manager of the estate, and that would be in opposition to common reason and common sense. We are awar'e,-indeed it may be.:said-aud here we are comminting on the latter of these two alternatives-that a bishop, though not personally interested in the improvement' of a particular estate, may still regard himself as a trustee for the church at large, and as, in that capacity, interested inits improveDment. Standing in such a relation he will have, it may be: said, the same sort of interest that any other trustee has in the success of his charge. No trustee derives any personal benefit from the property, funded or landed, which he manages; yet, -when he l' is: invested with the -responsibility, he is found to-feel himself interested in the result. And it will be remarked that aU public property is, and must be, managed upon this basis, and that, after all, an Ecclesiastical:Commission, or Commission for, the Management of Episcopal or Capitular Estates, wil have no more private interest in the improvement of the church property intruste&- to them'than a bishop will. But to this argument the reply is' easy. A bishop and a commission stand on exactly the same grounds, so far as regards the absence of private interest; but there is this difference between the two,-a commission' is formally made trustee for the church, and invested with definite responsibility, and can therefore be charged with direct dishonesty if it neglects its task. But a bishop is not invested with any property trusteeship in behalf of the church at large, and therefore the public has no claipn upon him. It is no part of his episcopal office to swe1l the funds of the Ecclesiastical Commission. He may, out of gra- tuitous zeal, charge himself with care and trouble. for this purpose;, but such attention to the estate of his sec would be as pure and disinterested a piece of devotion as if he gave so much money out of his own pocket to -the churoh, and we cannot count upon such zeal, and have no right to expect it. It may be said, again, that the management of public property is a difficulty, however you provide for it, and that ra central Board, sitting at some office in London, can never give to a number of estates, scatterel at -a considerable distance over the whole country, that attention which a private proprietor can, and we shall be reminded of some strong cases'of mismanagement on the part of the Ecclesiastical Coinmission itself, and especially the case of the Norwell estate, which came before the committee -twhose, report we are now considering. It will be said,-" Here is a " case of a central Board .-managing a church "estate by means bf London agents, and you see "the result. Neither 'the Chief Ecclesiastical Com"missioner nor his agents know anything about "the .property." But,, though the Ecclesiastical Commission may doubtless have broken down in this case, 'and though its general management mav, for anything we know, havt been hitherto not at ail effective, such a result does not seem to follow at all from the position of the Commission as a public Board.' The CROWN estates are said now' to, be very well managed by a. branch of the Woods and Forests,' and, therefore, if a public Board has failed' in the management of church property, it is not from any inherent defect in its position as a central Board, but from accidental. faults, which may be remedied. It is possible that it has not had the advanfage of -the best businesslike talent in its composition, and that it has got into a bad state, as public Boards often do. All this, howDever, mayvbe remedied, and the Board put into anl effective state aggain. But the defect in a bishop with fixed income nmanagiDg the estate of the see is no accidental one, but a defect inherent in the very position of the manager hiniself, who has to take care of property-in the-improvement of which, he has neither private nor public responsibility. We have no wish whatever to see the. bishops stipendiaries.-tcil use. an invidious term-of the Ecclesiastical., Commission,' if .this result, can be avoided- in consistency with -the professed principles on which' we' have been legislating on this subject. -But we do not well see how it can be. If -this is.an awkward'result, it ought to have ,been thought of sooner, and the principle of fixed 'incomes -ought-not to have been adopted. But, if the principle of fLier inciomes' is adopted, as it has been .by- the: legislation of the last 2A years, it mist sooneir 'or. later bear ifs logical fruit in the separation of thei bishop frm-the management'of the 'eroFerty of -his see.
The REGISTEiR:GENEnAL3has been feeling the puise of ,London, s ,usual, and. te'ls uS in -his last -crcular. t,hati ve are sick. It is not the aer sicgnes of . the' anutinm' months, but something 'more serious, as is proved by the fact that th1 deaths which were registered lA t week numbered not less than 1,250, whereas *the average of- eight correspondilg rweels of previous years, vhen cholera was, not epidemic, only oamounted to 1,127. In cholera years, such as. 1849 and 1854, the deaths. which occurred during the se,ond week iu August were 2,230 and 1,833. It will thus be seen that the mortality of the last week, although not so,great as in years of cholera; has been: considerably, above the average, one-fifth of the~ cases being referable to summer cholera and diarrhcea; and of -that one-fifth by far the greater number, indeed almost all,'were children imder 10 years of age. Fully one-half, too, of.thb whole number of' deaths was due - "either 'to "zymo,ic diseases or to -diseases of the respiratory organs and - consumption." The R iGsmsRA-GEPAI, therefore, has seized the opportunity of giving timely -ar,.iing to the, inhabitants, and of making some' appropriate remarks on the impurities of the London atmosphere. These. inmpurities may e classed under thr6e iheads-aa arisin from--the smoke of our mana- faetories from the,- dust of, our streets, and from theexMalations.of.the- zewersm The smoke nuisance is the most apparent of all, and, like an evil genius, makes itself felt in the greatest variety of ,, , ; . - - L ,- . - ,_ - , i i .t7 modea. Far from-Londo-it-is-seen hanging over us gfo-omly,-and inithQ city we trace it everywhera, in4parting a negro eomplxo o-or'stes perb6lexion to -ourstue pur mornunents, our . houses, and continual.y interfering .with ourt 'personal comfor 0 nd cl'eauliness. Pict-ures are ruined by- it; trees and flbwers, that -are nourished by other- impunlties,: penish' by means of:; thi, na what is worse than'-al, it obst;ructs otur hreathmrn and shortens life. UnTmfortunateIy, at present, ilthougrh Lord PBnuaRSON'5 act has contributed to renlder the smoke of our inanufactories less dense, we are compelled to look. I'pon this nuiisance with. something of despair. The regulations of that act may be enforced withi greater stringency, so as to lessen the sooty volumnes- that pour forth from the larger chimneys; but as the cold days approach. -what is to be done witi the '340,000 yatehouses of which Londozi is composed, with half-a-dozen fires lighted .i3i each o-f them ? It is' a problem that is worthy the attention of scientific men, and there are feew more: important benefits- that they can confer u spon usthan that of a simple grate consuming its own- smoke. PROsnsus stole fire from heaven, and was punished bv the gods for imparting so divine a gfift to man.. He =ho will take away the curse of smoke with which the gift is attended will confer on 'us, blessing only second to that-of the- gift itself. With regard to1 another cause of impurity, arising fron " the dust of the principal streets, "which are now covered with horsedung, "watered every, day and beaten up by ' omni"buses,." the REGIsTRAn-GE?NER suggests that it may be got iad of by more frequent cleansing and by new processes. The new processes to I which he specially-refers are tie relieving of the thorou'ghfares by ,bringing, the Tailways of. the southern, eastern, and northern parts. of Iondon to the centre and-the west. 'It 'is, indeed, to be hoped that' the west-end will soon -be beter accommodated-in this way, andthat we shall be save' the enormous trouble of fighting our way through a I hostile army of sabs and omnibuses to- the railway terminus. But we fear that ablesiing of this kind also is as far dista-nf as that of the diminution of smoke by lighting fires from above. i, however, the scheme of tramroads running east and west, wvhich we introduced to the notice of our readers the other day, were adopted, this-would be another of its many advantages. MIany thousands of horses would be liberated, and our streets would gain in airiness and cleanliness. Whatever plan be adopted, it is peqfectly evident that the cabs and omnibuses of London are in every sense a miisance, and we are glad:to find the REGrsTR-Ar--G(nnZ on our side in declaring the necessity of a change. The third class of atmospheric impurities arises from the imperfection of our sewers. Daily, London gives off nearly 3,000 tons of refuse, an immense quantity of which lies putrefying in oesspools, the remainder being thrown into the Thames at an -enormous cost, not merely, of money, but of life. It is true that . we. are now filly, awaLke to the horrors and abominations of such a scheme, which looks like a diabolical attempt to decimate the population by stealth. One of the main objects of our Bletropolitan Pa-r liament was to devise a better system of drainage, and very elaborate plans, involving a very large outlay, have actually been laid before the Board by its engineer. When criticizing these plans, by means of which the contents of the sewers are to be' conveyed down to Barking Creek and there discharged into the river, -we uttered a protest against such a 'waste of what, if properly used, mnight be a most valuable .boon to the country surrounding -the metropolis. It seems absurd, while we are importing guano and other manures in large -quantities from- the ends of the earth, to throw away the, refuse of London, to the annoyance of the inhabitants in that neighbourhood, - where, for aught -we know, a large city may -one day spring up, and, be poisoned by the -exhalations of the river. The EB-EGIsTRaR-GEEnzAL, without directly criticizing the scheme of Mr. BAzArGE=, has made some common-sense observations in the same direction which are worthy, of the consideration of the Board of Works. It will be a disgrace to us if we can daily turn 3,000 tons of manure to no better use than the pollution of the Thames. We must learn something from Paris in this matter, where the system of drainage that is being adopted is far in advance of that proposed for our benefit. . If. the Parisian engineers are able to pump miuch of the city drainage into the Forest of B1ondy, why can we not do something of the same kinds and- learn to utilize- what surely was never intended by nature to be a mere curse ? In any case to drain London will cost a vast sum of money, and, if we can turn that expenditure into a source of profit, we shall have,some guarantee that the works will be planned on a larger and more perfect -scale, and prosecuted with greater zeal, than if *the money were recklassly sunf- without the chance of a return. We are willing to give our mettopolitan -physician -a very large fee for the prospect of a -cure, but we shall be all the better pleased if -he can manage to pay it back to us.
The jury in the case of the recent colliery explosion in South Wales have brought in a verdict of " Manslaughter" against the manager, the overman, and the femen of the pit. To speak -with absolute precision, seventeen of a jury consisting of eighteen persons brought in a verdict to this effect, - while there was one dissentient. On the whole, the verdict appears to have been a very, reasonable one, and to have been justified by the evidence. We, the general public, although we may feel deep corn. miseration for the. miners who pass their lives in the bowels of the ea.rth, digging and delving for our benefit, do' not feel-the same absolute interest in the, perils to which they -are exposed as though we - our-selves' might: incur peril from the same causes.. :We may' be:j.blown up or smashed in .railway c4rriages, .we,may. be drowned in - t@M,ers, our ,houses. ,may come toppling down upon . our, heads, but we are really no more exposed to mining contingencies than we are to the dangers of the balloon: or the divingbell. The natural conseqUence of this - statement would appear to be that, in the navoidable defect of public surveillance, those persons whio derive wealth and fortune from the labour of the colliers and miners are doubly and trebly bound to adopt all preciautions which may conduce to their._safety.' WGe, Ithe general public, understand- nothing about zmines. -- We -ate just aware that the miiners constitute an abnormal class,of zmen singularly careless I about their own_prsonal security. Surely the owners,of mines an,d coalpits are iin'.the wrong when, in place.of-talkng 'all.theprecautions which lie in their powor,lhey content themselves withlrailing at the culEable and suicidal negligence of the |men in their Llemplbyment. To be' negligent of personal safet ,inhe midst of subtermaean perils. appears,to be ldmost a law of human nature. It is incumbent, therefore, upon the mine-owner to doallthat lies 'ii Jii 'power to provide, for the security of men'who"will not. take care of thenm- selves. He hag to:-deal with men who 'will liftup the; shades - -of DAvy l.amps and who will smoke a -: pip 'of tobaeco, even though' death, should be- the penalty of the ezjoyment.- The nAine-ownver :iust deal with circumtances aS he inds Ahemi 'and among those circumsances is the necessity of employing men who, in defiance I' bf bo r,d,y m,,Apmn or,Diduc, wilr7 in'th manner described. In.order that the _ni"nowner shoulla cler- himiseIf' *,-lhen -an accident occurs, it is necessary .he loiLd_be_able show that he r ha.tdoneh all ihat lay inhis power .to neu- traiz -th negience of his workmen ,A miiner Xi np-ttkshe.Elade of I-,hslam, anp d an,eplosion follows., No doubt-he is highly to blane, but_if it should app -tliat' by-a-proper System of veniltion, or ry another machinery-which th6 engineer's sIdM can suggest.-the-air-neednot ineceisarily have been inflammable,. .then the mine-owner is more in faalt than hd -beu-inner.X 'e is so, because he, derives subtantial benefit from --the, miner's labour8,' anditherefore-'is'bound-to protect him] from all dangers-even fm thos6 which are the niore direct consequences- of the labourer's oiwn ignorance or negligence. He is so, becanse he is well-infin& d as to to the-nature- of the subterra6an Iperis, while---the miner is. but a rough, unitutorednian. Heisso,because failiaityhas not blunted his senses as t 'the extent and nature of the danger; while thea miner' may almost be pardoned if daily habit renders himni indifferent to dangers from -which he has a thousand timues escaped. Now,the error of most mnine-Qwners'is this,-that theoy, being specially interested in the welfare of' their minerschoo66se''to' consider that they are not bound"to-give- any-more special attention to the subject than the great mass of the public. On the cntrUy, a great and exceptional resposifility rests upon them, and this too many of theai seem well enough inclined to shuffle off. The justice of the verdict just returned by 'the= jury in, the case of the Glamorganshire mine- rests upon some such consid6rations as these.-- The' agents of the- owners- hi.d not taken evcry'precAution which they should have taken| for the security of -their worlmen.- The pit was not duly ventilated, the men were impriideut, and- an explosion took -place.'.. Bad'the pits been properly venti1ated this imprudence of the men would 'not Thave sufficed. to' account for the accideit. bThe verdict is a just one-and will be ratified by public opinion.
*COUT CIRCVZAR. OSBORINTE, AUG. 22. Viscount Palmerston, lr. Secretary Labouchere, and the Jadge-Advocate had audiences of the Qneen yesterday. The Rev. C. Baring had an audience to do homage on his appointment as Bishop of Glocester. Ris Lordship was introduced by Mr. Secretary Labouchere. The Rev. John Vane was Clerk of the Closet. The Duike of Cambridge_arrived yesterday on a visit, attended by Colonel the Hon. J. Macdonald. The Queen and Prince, with the Princess Royal and Princess Alice, drove out in an open carriage. Her Majesty gave the annual fieto-day to the labourers and worirpeople emploved on the Osborne estate; also to the seamen and marines of the Royal Yachts, the Trinityhouse, and- the Coastguardmen at East Cowes. The detachment of the 2Sth Regiment, from East Cowes, waS also present. The bands of the Royal larines and 22a Regiment were on the ground, and played during the afternoon. Dinnermas provided for upwards of 500 persons, after which a variety of games and amusements took place before the Queen and Prince ' and the whole of the Royal family. Viscount3nd Viscountess Palmerston arrived in town yesterday from a visit to Her Majesty at Osborne. Despatches were sent yesterday from the'Colonial-ofrics to the Governor of Canada.
PBrfCESS'S .THEAT. The-sixth season of Mr. Kean's management came to a close last ni6ght vith the greatest dccdt. The house was crowded in everypraT&so muiclih so, indeed, that g great number were refuvsd admittance, not a single place being vacant soon nfterthe perfori3ance commenced. The entertainment comprised the farce of Music 7aOh.Charns and Tfhe lYinter's Tale, the last and by no means least successful of the gorgeons Shalispeazian "revivals." After the play. which-wsperformed-with even more than the accustomed spirit by every one concerned, and heartily enjoyed by a more than usually enthusiastic audience, Mr. Kean was unanimously called beforot&ifbo"ylights. Wheditheapplause that greeted him from all sides had subsided he addressed the house as follows - "Ladies and Gentlemen,-Ia obeying your summons, permit me to taue the opportunity of expressing my deep sense of gratitude for the constant favour with which you have reeeived my efforts sinco I irst entered upon management-afavour which has enabled ame to present some of the most beautifu'l reations of the greatest of all poets with a success unprecedented in the annals of the drama. Such results convert' the most hazardous risk into triumphant certainty, and convince me that I am right in endeavburing to render every production on*this stage as nearly as possible. a correct embodiment of what is real, picturesque, and trae. We have now reached the last night of our season, and the 102d representation of Tie lnter's Tale, but I can scarcely say 'F arewell,' since in a few days I hope once more to bid you -welcome. On Monday weel; September 3,- this theatre wri re-open with a revivia of Sherican's play of Prro, with the same attention to details which has accompanied the whole of the previous series of historical illustrations. In the meantime, ladies aud gentlemen, on the pArt of A3rs Kean and myself, I beg to tender yOu our respectful - thanIst, and to assure you of our earnest and continued zeal in your service." This short speech was followed by the most genuine de. monstrations of approval A loud call was then raised for Mrs. -Kean, -who was led on by her husband, and applauded. by the whole audience. There is every reason to believe that the season just expired has been one of extraordinary prosperity. The uninterrapted run of Thc TZWinztc'. Tale, for 102 nights-the style and- magnitude of the representation considered-is probably without eximple.
SHOCKIG CASE oF STAnsvAox-Yesterday 1r. 'Wlliam Carter, coroner for Surrey, hQld a long inquiry at the Dt(ke of Suffolk-, Brandon.street& Walworth, on the body of an infant named 1lizabeth Ann Hoiwell, who died from starvation in. consequence of beii- neglected by its mother, who was-remanded from Iambeil Police-court on Thursday last for threatening to destrov her own life by poison. lr. Thomas3 Cooke, the coroner's officer, deposed, that on Wednesday last he ;roceeded to X'o. ll, Thomasstreet, Lock's-fieldf - On entering the front room below Be found four ' children and. a woman lying on the bare boardsasleep. He 'wasunable to awaen the woman at iaL Two of the children were sittin'g on a board supported by blok-s of wood,' another wsalling about the zoom, and the fourth lying by the side -of the woman. On a further examination he saw the dead body of a fifth child lying on some cut straw, enclosed in a piece of old sack-i, which was, intended for a bad.. There were no bedclothes, and all the room cotainedwas an old -chair.; The boay wa oold about the feet; and in a very emacidted -condition. 'The 'room was in an extremely -filthy state,from the accumulation of dirt, but -the body of the infant was dcean.- Hethen srched the room, but discovered. no food withthe exception.ofsome stale sop, which smelt most' offensively. On the top of a cupboard were7 some bottles, and- one was labelled -':otion-poiaon.'" Witnesstool-chirgeof.thebody of deceased and removed it from the house& On the snsitelpqece' was a brocn jug, whichcontained sone Idnd.of sediment. Afterremoving the body ho returned to the house, and the mother of the deceased had then disappeared, but soon. afterwards she camelledL She saidshehladlastseerthedeceased,i.veabout 2 o'clock in the morning, and also that it died at that hour. She remarked - that she was quite sober at the time, and- asked for the bottle marked "Poison," as she wanted to take it, being determuined.to destroy hesef. Ir. 1E.-D. Howell, surgeon, deposed that, by the order of the ccroruer, hejaad.made ip~ost7 lss- examination of the body of the deceased. It was totally free from dLiease of any kind. -HIeiUspositively of opinio-n that the child had died from starvation ilonez The body was notbing but skin and bone'; MathaParcy, amariedwronan, said-shewis the sister of tho mother of-the children. She (the mother) was parted from her husband in consequence of her intemperate habit. -The father of the hildren allowed 14s per week- or their maintenance, which sum witness hWa paid hersistezt*6oweeT running,but she spentthe money in drink- insead of buying ood. On Saurday night last she was much intoxicated,- and- witness only gave her Is. but on Sunday niboiiiisilie senth-ezis.'more. Mr. Cooke, the officer here; brought --inl another child, a iirl abouti seven years of -~It ptereuted D mulst dreadJn2 appearane, thcfea. re~being slsrpenedby.want, thebones of hechet almost- protruding through the skin, and the arms and legs showinkthsfrisation of'the bone through the skn.. Cooke stated that there was another child even inaworfe condition'ibAitha one before the' jury. This being the 'whle-of thc evidence, -the'aourt 'was leared of strangers, and ontheirbeingnre-admittedn the juy eturned. &Verdictof "fngThughter agi*nstbElibeith Ann UoIwell, for feloniously kling and slaying Mizabeth Ann'- Hoell, hor daughter.- The witiresseiwer then bound over to pro. sepute.l --; . E . In :the: adveytiiement "CEton' - e- monoal, insere.onthe2Othinsis,'orz "0..DegJy Eq., lOs,redCooeG.StukIc uc,lO.
I r_'? .-_ !L?_711_': _711? - 11 - - -'- -Alf I I I - .1- , , _: '14?" t - ? , -- -- OWN OODRUpoNDURXT.) There is every reaMonto-believe tiat the reportu correct as regards he*b n-donment of the intentiix to deposit, lith bertuin ceremnonialF the old C . of the Royil L-ishinthe Cathedl. of St. Patricki All the preparations for the' affalr:were'brought:to i stop yesterday; sild the temporay 'state entranrcte Platform; &c., fdrthe accommodation of theYicei regal party taken away., Thus,_by,zome mis management or otherj what was, nieaut hb the' authorities -. as; a -*igh mark- of: xespect to the servicesi of ,a& -national; corps lhasb.eetortured iuto an Irish grievance, andc ihe, Dublin journals -eem determined-that it shal-be no fault of -theirs if a thoroughly sectarian .complexion be not imparted to the -whole transaction.; There is no doubt whatevef, that nearly a fortnight bck,when. the: announcement- was first made of the honours about :t6i be paid -to the 18th, xumours of discontent were rife with respect to the Cathedral portion of -the pageant-; and it was, perhape,.nnifortunate that advantage twaa not then.'taken -t mnake Buch a cha-nge in.the programme as would effectually get rid f the.difliculty.. :What mnore fitting deposit,ory for the.reception o£ mlltary trophies than the Royal Rlosp>ital at Xilmnainhanmt That5 at least, is- neutral ground. The Frecm&7ws ,.our,wlaof tbismorning'observes: - .i " CWhen Cle Ho}spital, e erioua6ccaions, received the standards of theEnglish reginentz, Ad- Greenwich the captured Sfags sent home by St. Vincent, owree, and 2Nel. son after their great naval victories, no rcligious cere: monaiw -as obeeived. Why should the colours of the Royal Irishie an exception? -o Bsooner, however,- was the -at; tention of. Lord Carlisle directed to the subjece than heaf once discovered -the impropriety of yielding to a suggestion which would have given a sectarian colour to the whole proceeding, and deprived it of that ecZat which maust otherwise have accompanied it. We may state that the regiment and depot of the Royal rish number abont 1,300 men, of 'whom 1,200 are Catholics, the remainder having been recruited in England." The Free!rnem denies positively that any Roman Catholic ecclesiastic interfered in' the matter, or waited -pon or ihluenced lord Carlisle,* -as more than hinted at by one of the Protastant Dubliji journals. -Co31UtnUCATIOs- wrru. SCOTD. - . A Treasury mirnute just issued tiotifies that the Lords of the Admiralty have reported that the ports of Donaghadee and Portpatrick are the best that could- be- selected for establishing a short.sea passage between the north of Ireland and Scotland; and that, upon certain- conditions being complied with by the promoters of this -line of communication, the Government will be prepared to make the necessary improvements on the two ports named, and use the packets plying between them for the mail service, at a fair rate. The conditions are two-first. that a steamboat service, suited- both for passengers and mails, shall be established by a private comDany without any aid from the Government, except a reasonable charge for'carryingthe mails; and, secondly, that the railways on each side of the Channel shall be come pleted, so as to connect Donahadee 'with Belfast on the one side, and Portpatrick with Glasgow and Dumfries on the other. As soon as the Government are satisfied -that these works will 'be carried out theywfillproceed to execute the improvements. The following rather discouraging angrculturil report appears n the Packet of last night. Since that was written the 'weather, happily, has undetgone a favourable change, the whole Of last night and this morning being fair; and, as the-wind is blowing due north, it is to be hoped that we have donie with the rain for the present:- - "W We are sorry to say that our acvices of to-day give a discouraging account of the state of the weather in the Irish proviaces? Harvest operations have been in many parts of the country totaLly suspended in consequence of heavy rains, and our accounts all agree in stating that the cereal crops are, to some extent, damaged. We have personally seen fields very muchinjured; but, as these were in peculiarly exposed situations, wei may express a hope that their case is not so general as tho fears of some persons lead Ithem to anticipate. In Dablia yesterday a very constant andheavy rain descended, and to-day, also, though the atmosphere is less heavy, -ae'weather is singularly nnpropitious for all manner of field wDrk. We hopewe shall not have to record mo!e considerable injuries to the wheat and oat crops than 'we as yet hear of This condition of the weatherhas ledto a rise in the corn-mark-ets." In the country about Dublin, at-the north side, the blight in the potato crop has made extraordinary progress during the last two orthree days. Yesterday a field was dug up near alahide, and the produce was -so seiously affected that the owner was glad to dispose of the crop upon any terms, in order to rid the ground of it. This morning's accounts from Cork say. "' Therain has, of course, retardedharvesting operations, butthe crops themselves do not appear to have sustained injury. A continuauceof wet weathercould, however, hardly fall to be higily prejudicial to the cereals, although it may beservioeableto thegreencrops. Owinagto theabundance of the harvest-and the great scarcityof labourers, wages have advanced in this district to the unusual rate of 3s. a- day -with diet, and even at this remuneration there is great difficulty in gettinggood reapers. Women are getting frona Is. 6d. to 2s. a-day with diet. Labourers competent to do farm wasi- are very scarce, and farmers are thankdul that the disembodiment of the militia liastaken place, otherwise a great portion of the harvest must have been lost." TEE FnIT.S. Three per Cent. Consols, 94q; ditto, for account, Sept. 12, 95; lXew Three per Cent. Stock, 941 i; ditto, for account, Sept. 12, 95 95,; Royal Banlk of Ireland (lO. paid), 22A - Minng Company of Ireland (71. paid), account, 149. Railways.-Belfast and County Dowvn (50/. paid), -29; Cork and Bandon, Eighths, at Iar cent. pref. (6. 5s. paid). 5; Dublin and ingstmgbos 100!. paid), 170; Dublin and Wicklow (10. paid), 63 i- Great Souther. and Western t501.p3id) for account, 59 ; Killarney Junction (101. paid), 104;jtfld3nd Great WGestern and Royal Can-al, half-shares (25!. paid), 27k; Waterford tan Limerick (.501. paid), for account, 26; ditto, 5 per cent. Fpref. (50l. paid), -6A wVaterford and Tramore (SL. lOa. paid), 7'. ^ -
TO THE EDITO7 OF THE TfltES. Sir,-WIth every disposition to cater for the taste of the public, we have to bring to your notioe a case of great injustice committed by one of the inspectors of theb Board of Health. The qaantity vf pineapplesbroughtin a vessel necessarily causes maDny to be ''coloured and the sale of them to be forced, which will account-for so many finding their war into the streets, the sale -of which at a reduced price has afforded many a costermonger the means of providin.g for his Anmily, and the poorer classe of enjoying a luxury hitherto unattainable. On the 9th of this month a mna named- George Gee, while plying his trade in Tottenham-court-road, was radely ass-iled by an inspector of the Board ofHealth named Newman, who oondemnedhisbarrow of pineapples and smashed them, entailing a less to the amount of 41. or 5&, which we need not say was tantamount to ruin to the poor man, who had a summons granted by the magistrate at Marlboroughstreet for the amount of damage;. bat upon its ooming on for bearing to-day 3-. *Bingba3st stated: he vouldanot afford redres, -and thec cse must. be referred 'to the Board sf Health. We attended to give evidenoo and prove the pineappies purchased weres such as wero bought by +he mot respectable grocers, confec iohers, and others, 'whose shop6s ight have beei a well entered ancl their stock dei*yed as that.of the40~r ms in question;. We were prepared to state on oatfn that there was nothinz prejudicial in the character of the fruit, and we woul scorn to assist the sale of ian produce calculated to be in. jurious to the con ers.- * The leading articles of late in your columns Upon the adulteratiork of food would, we thinhj afford ample- exercise for the power which it appevas is vestedin the inspectors of the Board of Health, without exercis,ng their calling so unmercdfully in a case so uncalled-for, and theaggrieved party too poor andfiiendleas to resist such a powerful authority, or to obtain a corncrsaion for the loss sustained. . We are. Sir. vonr ohedi-nt C , - 0EE G AND 1'TT.. lfonument.yard, Aug. 22.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TImES. Sir,-I was nmeh strack with the Tery proper letter or "Kedicus in your jourual of to-day. Permit me to ad a simple statement of what happened tome. I once Ubthed at Dover, plunging off the-, macbie.- 'I swim a few strokes and back, as Accujtomed to do in b Uathia elsewhere. Iplungedoffthe second time to tand in the water, but found I was out of my depth about five or feet from the machin. Having lost the swimming poitOn, andnot being a skiful performer,in the ar,t I began tozii4, and, paralysed with fright, I called out for anstance to a reative who wa bothing witk n sttthe tiMe, and who 'wg retuning fromaloI swim;buthe neither heird Ume nor sa my struggles forlfe untiI wasabout to niakforthe third time, when he caught hold of, me, and swam. viihime to txe-inachine, wihere1 I wefors long 4hileixi adistie.. ingly exausied state. 1 would have: everf isouprofeased swnmer adoj*i the reulon this lar*ecathb sim l aUght lUC, mniey to wak olt .into the 'wte omjre #ecure he net beet aid for safety. - * I . Sir. our ru sOt obdieuti rvxat. As -:. _o ; WG 1- ? Maid&-MU waw? Aug-'-'"-
| BW TODE OF ZAgINUFACgURUNG IRON dA7gD C, I - .. B -. -. . Yesterday, the new and-aetremely ingenious process just patented by Mr. H. Bessemer, of manufaaturing malleable irou t.nd steel without fuel, and recently propounded by him at. thesmeeting of- the .British Association for the Advancement of Science, maze papaer-rejslet- with intertt was pat'to a sevese pra ticil"E st.-i vwith the most successful: result, at Bxter-houe,--St. Pras road, in the occapation of that gentlemau' andisi erne, r. I,ongsdon, in thee:presence of several. ironmasters carrying on - a extensive. business in different parts of the country, yand niariy. prIatital -engineers and scientilir' m'en resident in-l the metropolis.' The company-by whom-rne--. ment was vitnesstd -included, among. others, tuap: tain. Mamgesson;. -Major Sitwell, Mr. ,IG. Bailey Toms, from the. Derwent Iron Works; MIr. . - Robinson, Ebbw Yase Worlks; Mr R. Simpson, Cazin Celyn Worlks; MIr. T. M. Oladstone, AustinFriars,-Mr. T. Stirling Begbie. la T.' I. Henry, F.1t.S:: Mr. W. Cirpm3enl, Mr.' William Sminth, MIr. F. J. B amfwell, MEr. T. &Pri7deaux,- r.. A, X Perktins, and MIr. B. Bmr1eigh. ' ,,. - ' :The magnitude and importanueg of this discovery of 1fr. Bessemer can ecarcely be exaggerated:- Ths only paliel-to' it is to'befound in the kindred 'Invintiofi of Henry Cart,' which, towards the dose of the last century, reeved: this1 eountry to. great eaxtent frora: its commercial servitude -to' Russia and Sweden in. regard to its -supply of wrougt iron. Two years have beei spaenit by hsr. Bessemer in the perfection of his scheine and, when the other day, -le divulged-it to the-world- efore'men distingaished- for theirscientific attainments, -and. practical manufacturers wellable to appreciate its vast public significance and its whole bearing on the trade,in which they are -interested, it took: them wholly by surprise superseding, as it does, the expen; sive, laborious, and tedious processes now in use in the production, and the applicatioin in some cases, of inalleable iron: and steel in-thisand-many othet.countrias,cheapening those articles toan extent which will lead to their employment, and especially steel, for purposes to whi-ch they have never. jet been subservient, and in many, respectsrefining and imm proving the quality of the metal. Men like the two Rennies,- Tasmyth; and others of minornote,but of great experience as engineers and iron manufacturers, have prononnced emphatically and without, qualification in its favour, while some, iucluding Nasmyth, declare themselves unable'to foresee'the v.hoTe of the advantageons results calculated to spring from its discovery, not to this country alone, but wherever. else it may be-brought into use. It is to the credit of the Euiperor of the Frinch that, when the in-. vention, then in aii impee-fect state, was brought under his notice within the last year, and when he comprehended its full3import from peisonal interviews which he graciously conceded to Mr. Bessemer, he afforded him great facilites for -conducting his - experiments to a successful rqsult, and has since intimated his intention .chbringing the Plan into practical operation in the arsenal at RoeUe. Far different -was the reception vihich Mr.' Besseuner states he experienced from' the heads of an iinportantdepartinent at.Woolwich when he endeavbured to prove its value and importance to them. They sought, lie sass, to throwt cold water on it -by alleging that Mi. Nzismyth had alreadyr made substantially thesa ediacovei1which that gentlemlan has since been the first to disc3aim.e ' The essential feature of Mr. Bessemer's invention is that he takes crude iron directly from the ordinary blast fanace, and in the incredibly short space of, 30 minutes converts it into ingots of malleable iron or steel of any size, and fit for the varicus nanhipulaions ordinarily employed fo adapt them to all 'the material purposis to which' they are now applieda He thus dispenses with all the intermediate processes to -which recourse his been had to produce .Ahe same effect- within the last 70 years, including-the makmng iron into Digs, and the refining, puddling,'and squeezing stages,wit% all their attendant labour and fueL Paradoxical as it may seem, it is not the less true, that he has achieved this greatresult by the rpplication to the iron, in its transition from the blast furnace to the condition of the ingot, of a heat inconceivably -intense, generated without furuace -or fuel, and simply by blasts of cold -air. By this means he -not orly avoids the injurious 'action of mineral fuel on the iron under opera- ion, which has always deteriorated the quality of English iron,sbut waves all the expense ofthe fueL Hle sets out with the assumpt.ion that crude iron contains about 5 per cant, of adarbon; that carbon cannot exist at a white heat in the presence of oxygen without uniting thereaith and producin combustion ,- that such combustion would proceed with a rapidity dependent on the amount of a surface of carbon espesed; and, lastly, that the temparature whech the metal would acquire -would b also dependent on the rapidity with which the oxygen and carbon were made to combine, and consequently that it was only necessary to bring the osygea and carbon together in such a manner that a vast surface should beexposed to their n tual action, ia order toproduce a temperature hitherto unattainable ia our Lest furnaces With a view of testingt practically this theory, he has constructed a-eylindrical-vessel of three feet in diameter and fmYe feet in height, sonewdat like an ordinery cOpola furnace, the interior of which is lined with fire bricks, and at about two inches from the bottom of it heinserted five tuyere pipes, the nozzles of which are formed of weUas ktohre aowy, the orifice of each taytre being about three eighths of an inch in dianeter. At one side of the vessel, abcout half-way up from the bottom, there is a hole made for runningving the crde metal, and -on the opposite side there is a tap-hole stoppned with loam, byi hich the ion is run out at bthe end of the process. i vessel is placed so near to the discharge hole of the blast furnace as to allow the iron to fiow along a gutter into it, and a email blast cylinder is tred capahale of compressing air to about 1sb. or abob, to the square inch. A cemmunication having been made aibetween it and the tcyares, the converting- vessel is in-s condition to commeace work. The blast being trned on, -and the fluid iroa run into the vesse], a rapid boiling up of themeta is head ginag on within the vessel, the metal being tossed violently about and dashed from side to side, shaking the vessel by the force with which it moves, from the throat of the converting vessel. This continues for about 15 or 20 minutes, during which tbe otygen ia the atmospheric air combines with the carbon contained in the iron, producing carbonic acid gas and at the same time evolving n- powerful heat. the rapid union of ca-bon and oxygea adds stiUl fur&ter to the temperatare of te metal, while -tho diainished quantity of carbon present-allows a part of the oxygen to combine with the iron, which undergoes combustion and is converted into an oxide. At the excessive temperature that the metal has now acquired the o uidease oo as formed, undergoes fusion, and forms a powerful solvent of mhoabar'thy bwses that are assocated with the iron. The violed t ega. l- tion going on mixes most iatimately the scoria and metal every part of which is hus broua. ia - contact ueith thte fluid oxide, which washes and cleanses the metal most thoroughly from the siliceand other earthy bases that are combined with the crude iron, while the sulphur. and other volatile matters which cling so tefiaciously. to iron atorc'inary temperatures are drien off, the sulpnur combi unn with-the oxygen and formsing-sulphurous acid gas. u -id In conducting the demonstratioa yesterday, 6cw'. f qi; lSlb. of molten -iron from a furnaCe was i oured into oths ire-brick- vessel, already described, at 12 minutes past 1 o'clock-, the blast shaving been apmuied a as p ressre of tou 'pbod eb per square inch, an r continued until 27 minutes past 1. Te mass of metal began, to boll up, and -the cinders and other impurities vere extruded from the top of the veasel by two apertures providedfora the purpose. Showvers of brilljiant aizarks were-'thrown off- during this process, w hich lasted several minutes; and as the object-was to 'produce a masKs-of cast steel, rather than continue the p recess to the extent necessary for making pure iron free from carbon,- the vessel -was tapped at865minut-es past 1 -o'clock andthocontentsdrawoff,- Small specimeningots being irst taken,the general mass was ruan nto, an ingeniously tantrived mould concealed in the floor in front of the apparatus, and, after remaining-there a few miantee, cooling down; - it was raised out of the mould in a red-not state by an hydraulic 1-am, and placed uapon a weighing min:chine. The ingot thus produced, with the twa. specmen ingots, weighed G cwt. - ;thont the aidOf fuel ths mass of material was converted in 24 minutes from crude cast iron as-it comes from the blastfurnace into steel of fine quality. The ex;periment 'was unanimously pironounced by the company to be perfectly satisfihotory, It.is a peculiar-and iportantU feature in the process that by continuing. the boiling a few minutes longer the whole of the carbon still remaining in the mass of metali, and hich gives to it tle ' character known 3S steel, would have been3 drawin off, anda -4 .pure spongy mass of crystallsine iron would have been -the iMr. Bessemer states that hitherto thefinei quslities of -ironhave always been imsoirted fram- Sweden and Russia, -and these are now sold an this country from. 201. to 301. 'a-ton; btLt by the nefv process- iron can be mannfactured of equal quality at a cost of 21. per ton less than the uresent cost- of common Englieh'iron. If this statement be horne out by experience of his invention we shall no longer be dependent on the foreign market for the production. of iron of the finest quality. - He also sp7eaks with something like enthusiasm of the extent to which what ke calls sewi-steel, of a quality between malleable iron and steel in ordinayy use, as manufactured under his patent, may be expected to supersede -in time the -us of malleable iron for rafiway plates and many other purposes to which the latter is not altogether adaptedland he as confidently asserts that-the process of forgng and welding, which; under theexisting system, is necessary whenever a pieceof ironwiork of a larger sire -than fromn 801b.tolOOlb. is required to be constructed, w,ilL be dispensed svi,th- H e looks, also, to the universal-use of his discovery, seeiit. t-x 'atmospheric air-is- the primne element . sed in iproducing the -desired -result; ibis not, therefore, dependent-upon any-local icir-. curnstanceF.
. I - .1 ?, 2 % ?: d t vd -U-i. '2'0"y- 1 A7, T rD- a. B oz O S I ; v.-; I-s' m I; - 7 11 -, 7 - , l-.. ? - I II - -I 1- , Ssr,¢I have long hesitated to trouble youL with any' mod correspondencs onth'4 subjeot -bf 'M&thaBowa of44is parish,lately executed at4Dorchesiei .AButias botlhhik) I crmeS md her ex,ecu.tiion havecatised~ Sonll:seiiitaion in~ tiis neighbourinood, 'aid ha.ve 'given expiasslon to soiie differenue oftcpinion, I will reqest, "if you think fib; ' si Falf place i your 'colu3ns, now lees crowded thin usual,, ii'l order to sliate the!§6sa aasiLvii- th'e best of-my kuno*5 ledge. . .,.. ' ift*as ruitnbured mnthis parish on Sundaymor3n6ing, 'Jtuly) 6, that -Brown had bben TeNa be hisseerse durig thoi 'w. iigh; Birdsmoor-gatie, a hhmldtlthree milesi diceiat. from ; this village, but in the hamlet itself no one believed. the ieporti' The man- was 'ioufglit i5liAve been mirdered, and. that, too; by IiD vwidfe., -' As justice in these parts-is both lame and la_ginm, the co±6neros in4ue'stu vas notf held- 6ntil Monday' eveniing.< Thers, in.the presince 'f the' jurors, Martha Brown- declared pbn her oath that she wvas innocent of: th murder"8 ian- the'veraict of wifulhaurderwad.s returned' against sone' .person unknown. * Meanwhile the woman ivas a large'inor abont herrolwn. premises.' She 'was' not app rehended imfil Tnesday,and flna.lljconmmitted for trial on'ednesday.; I saw both her.- self and her murdered husbandinthe very room in which" murder was' ,ommitted, and there she said to me herself, that " sheI ws as innocent of it as the angels in Haven Ineed- not. retail the various .felstioocl she uttred, as, for insti jic ait her hnAbaad hadbeendckedin the headi, then, thatyhe'ha' len1 se rltin from his' agon on' hiswayhomaandfractured 'his sLull ai"ht3methat.he, had bceen vslairi, WJ for shr ;contriadicted bsse;if so'often' that mo-sort offaith- nuldice put in her sttemeints Suffice, it to say that, althug'n-she'i'i ' pHcatd -hersclf in her' own story tio iny'cuiate before her. cominittal as to imply she hadm,rere heirhniAaariAin the &oomn in which he lay, she afterwards in cour,-after' her sefteisc: w,as p'ssed ; called'GoA t witness'heir bnntonce, and,'as I heard,, 'fxwished H: wo ud lst'rike Jwr _dA0d- itf M: had done it." When I sawl:her I was much struck with he extrem'e ni difference:' She showed a degree of carelessness whOa at o'nce-ledme tocd'scbtds that,-had'she - cominitted the 4murder. in a sate of frenzy,,the I,batio. miust lang sincehave liaken place in bmer frelinigs But of all those who surrounded tue coffrn in which her murdered husband lay, she was the only one who looked orn ed' Had she from th6first' confessed tht.truth anid shown the slightest sorrow, it is -very possible that an effort would have been generally 3uade. to find, circuinstances in her bloody deed sufficieutly ext,enuating to justify. a. remission of her sentence. : But an she- persisted in her denial, herself, blint-o.the.glarin4gnconsii;en,y and: incoherence.of.he own statements, .she thereby left to stern justice alone,, and. not to mercy, the tisk'ofh bringing hone to herthe proofs of; her own guilt; and so plain were they.thatjustice had only one pat.of .duty left,; that is, ,t, c6nyict- her. She had. thea benefit of. a clever .counsel and' of a -humane indrable judge, and she enjoyed the 'coMmon privilege of'trial by' jury, than which mdne can' be'tfairer towards lithe culprit, since it gives him a chance of ,escape thrpugh the stolidity of the jurors-as, for instance, in thelate trial at-Bodmin.. In tis,Fery case thgjury.would have been at' once unani- mous 'but ,for two of the jurors; who 'were,.I anm told,,' friends or connexions of, Martha Brown, and who, to serve her, as the phrase i4, sto,d out for. more than .two hours, till,,at last, they' too 'were obliged to yield to their own' conviction, and joined the zestin theirverdict of "guilty." ;Meanwhile sodne excitement, was got, up on her behalf, not go much in this parish as out.of it; I was called upon: by several perans,, t;vo of whom werc strangers to me, and' ono who advocates the total abolshment of capital punish.' ment. One brought men a petition' which I neithitrcould: nor would sign. He afterwards took it into the village,; where it received a few.signatures only. One of those who signed it told me he had done it without reading -the ,peti.' tion, for which he 'was sorry; and got ip another, atd, as he thought, a better one of his own. This is probab'.l a fair sample of the way in which such demonstratiomLs are made, in opposition'to the decrees of higher powers; and it' aLo shows 'what amount of attention they deserve at-ths hands of those to whom they are presented, Formy part, I declinod signing that petition, not only because it was not rightly w'orded, but also for the following reasons:-L Because from what I had boeth een or heard I verily beEeved Martha Brown guilty. of murder. And I also felt convinced in my own moind, that the crime was, to a great extent, premeditated. Whatever'provocation she might have had, the bare fact of 'her 'having mnurdered her husband while he was asleep by smashinghis skull, s'sTie partly confessed having done, and as the circunmstantial evidence of the place and dress which I saw- lead me to think she did-shows that herart vas not whiolly the result; of a inomentaryburst of anger."- 'Ad"te;ondly,-bec'ause as I believed for .~ssfmys, that Martha -Brown iris a srurdere, 3ccordingto themeaning of the term, I thought her deserving of capital punishmen', which I believe 'to oe 'grounded on'the expression;of' the Divne wilL I read in the Bible tnat the tame God who set apart cities of refuge and provided other mcieans of 'es6apo for the man " who killed his 7icighbour unawares, without guile," and "who hated hini not in time pAst," also willed that the murderer should forfeit his life. It is not a Mosaic rite or a Jewish ceremony-as some wnould fain make us believe-to be' done away with under a new dispensation' But the same voice that said to the first family of mankind after the Blood; "Be fruitful and multiply, and replenish the earth"-said, 'as a clause to that sentence,immediately after; "And surely your blood of your lives will require; at the hand of evcry beastwitl I requlr it, and at the lianil 'of ma, at. the hand of every man's brother will I require the life of man., Whoso sheddeth man's blood, byA man shall his blood be'shed; for in the image of God made HW man." That is no Draconic law; it is the plain, explicit expression of God's vwlL. And while it does 'not, assuredly, hinder the full, prerogative and exercise of mercy, where mercy is, 's it ought to be, just, it condemns altogether the twaddle and the maudlin sentimentality of those who, for tbe sake of notoriety, or of political capital, seek to abolish the sentence of death. i is well for some who think light of "speaking evil of dignities,"' and who, forget that " the powers that be are ordained of God," to look upon the administration of justice among men as. upon a piece of machinery,' moved with ropes and pulleys by men only., They very naturally expect and require every now and then a de asex smackisnd, to suit their p3rticular whim or purpose; and they think nothing of questioning, or even of opposing-the laws or decrees established by the authorities placed over them. But those 'who look upon the human instruments of justice as of Divine appointment will not lightly orwantonly rais a voice against them.- They will rather " submit themselves to every ordnance of man for the Lord's sake ; whether- to the Ying as supreme, or unto. governors as unto them that are sent by him for the 'punishment of evildoers, and for the praise of them that do well."' I .vould not have trespassed so far upon your patience were it not in order to notice' the fallacy of those who-wish to cast-blame upon the Home Secretaty by arguing that, if the notorious Celpstina $omner was reprieved, so ought also Martba Brown to have been as well. I confess that I never could understand why Celestina.Somner did not expiate her guilt on the scaffold;-for-a-more-"cold'blooded, atrocious murder was never perpetrated than byheruspon that help. less child. Still; I do not know all the particulars of the case; so that I must Asbitii ifrom judging. But to argue, a- your Bridport correspondent 'fdo. thiat a bad precedent should be acteduponforererafter,is aiuredly,tosaytheleast of ift ver:y strange logic. . On the contrary,' the nstural effect of a bad precedent iE among 'senisile men, to make theni avoid it in future. Tie HIome- Seretarv therorore acted wiselyj'in my opinion, if," aware,*as he pbAbyis, '6f the general feeling with regard"to' the reprieve granted 'to Celestina 'Soner, he 'embraced the 1irst opportunity 'of showing, as far as he 'eastconcerned, thaitwsnoprece dent;to follo*. - - Asto Martha'Brown-,'her ease is tul' on'bofthenmost awful that. have tcrzed'ofliite. Sh ys aridb v She"Was married bycivl1 contract; no blessing was asked and asoblts.ing reste iupon her incongruons' alliande;' WFr she aid- her husband lived unhappily together-; -until within the short space of a few weeks jealousy followed npon adultery, which brought forth inrli n h mu rils deth-ponAe--caf--~----- t'he not leas thide-ous feature of this horrible tragedy is the fad that, had Martha Brown spoken the, truth, she might possibly 'have saved 'her own life; but that, because she uttere le uonl, while t aking God to-witness that every onewastru'h,shevirually t lo i er own life ~ut of the reachof ma's jdgmen,aen died a lasting' and fderfilexapleof he rut ofGods Wrd,tha-"Afale 'itnass shallnot e ununishd; ad li thot'spekethlies ahall 'I hae th 'ho t6rbob, 'Sir,' vourotdaieut servant:' Bec; 7ALA Vicar ofBaroadwindsor. - .1 ' _I _ I _ ,' . , . I A August 20. ' ORESY.-Yesterda-y afternoon~ n nquWs washhia onboara Her Majesty' Jship.Cressy,ilyiiig at Spitbeasd,o the body of Thomas Barnes, -ail able seaman, *Iho canis to his dehUi;by an accident oubbarcl,th'atvese]. Frederick Norris, anable Selaman of the Greasy, dePosed that on Wednesday morning last, betreen 8 'atid'9 o'clock, hb saw thede6essed in the rigging of the shfp,wfecre hie had ne)xifor the purpose of looe,en=s the asils, s - tIe-wind-was, bloing a-heavy gAis at the time, and, be eudemvoured to catc'h the futtocis of- the Jitging to enxilo ehnm to get ovr&, but heiniised-kils ol6dan'd feli On, roming dow-4 his feet,caugh th yr tacklng 'vnd, he fell hea1fereost Ou to the dec1c'a,her -ww. no persor.,abve himn at the time, andl he thought thq 1f11 9f1h deceaspd :was-.entirely oeaao h-h h ii - bisolid ~of tbpfUtb 'Hevwasi zectlysobqrsnii - ,om oiliep want ~f given, sand t jury returned a iiidictof '4,60 '
j2, --- - 2BDJOD.* - - > , 7 . '. E Z E. Z2SSD. i . . :1 . :,. P';,, _ __ .g_l n 0 :MOaundkyk sahiiuodthe Itth inst;, the Coroner for the borougli (Mr R- tgles) a1''n 3n'que5t-tthe George fetel, HiEgh str6ee-timneAir t intohte -or7i6 fth res ~winch occurred on thgeprenuei's of r.: Alfrea jo±ton,'in 1Horne-lane, -duriig thS preidous wreek, -ad ilso iato the ia&of the fionzMe .. lowaraspremises on Saturday tevenang.: .r. The ca S tf tlB laUei cAlamA i-was sclentlrint. lible, and li e1 u had no- odciffldwty mnttribdting it to the 1aeesdebtal fallmnn of a candle into aqukntity of turpentine. Thte f;res4t M. Morton;'s hbuse, on'the contrary, ware of -a NeryrwemaAible charattet; as willbe seen from the' follow, ig'gabstract of-the evidenco. *'Ann Niiemote sworn,-am servant to -fr.' Morton, re-' sidDg; an -HEorneiate-V Bedfod, who -is i-S the -employ of jMessrs-. '-3 and- F- Howard,- ironfoidef3- Iwent to livef vwth MMn 1toi haelmss Oa lait Tuesday; be" tkeols3anu4dn thesin ft r a vas.athomewhen thefire tbhi91e out-in Mrs. Morton's bedroom ,which.,s on the firstj46o,,or e . orfon -waseofTafuieh . Th6eechildren and lybafs old Wg use luciferniatdhil, iaudIthiktwo match s- fromi the 3rittle'girl about ~,month'ago. -' She 1will play with 'mat"h-boxes when she can., She sleeps: in the same room ,'ith . Morton, and is rather better that two years old. Iers. Morton went up and saw the fdre first, and theni caUed me. I saw ,the bassinet on fire. We went and fetched Vater- from- .he- 3en's., pump,; which was round- the - yar..J I then rTa ovbr to rfr.-Harzis's for a pail of' 'water,n s -that was-thie nearest pmpm I o get at. ;wathe as' the bassinet out' on to -tPhe ash-hole. ' We' tbrtev.i Swater on the bassinet before we'threw it on the ashhole; -A little while aftef thait we had aiiother alarm of fire 1in the sune room-and. inthesamqeveiiing, aboutlOminutes or:a quarter of nu -hour after the flst. Then astraw mattress iwas.on. flx The- little girl- -was at this time downstairs. WT1thre*water on it, got it'dwi,sta and laid i i in, the garden., The bassinet that was on fire stood close to the uattress. - Afterwards, on the sa-me night, we found fire in Mrs. Mortop'.s chest .of driwars. Mrs. Morton keDt going about, and she said she knew she could smell something. -I went upstairs with Mrs. Mlorton' andl into her room.- The drawers -weie Afl h Mrs. aiMorton opeied- o'n of the drawers -It.was the top drawer. The drawer was-shut, but I cannot say-whether the one wherethe fire was found wA& locked.-r We called in assistauce and 'be flre,w~sgi ibouzit eW put th& drawer corstaining the clothes into the backa itcheni. On the same night, a little while'aTftelialf-palbb o'clock; a-fied- haupenedin the -next drawer amongtbh lineon.; I wagiin ihe tchen, and mistress came dpwastairs and sid, " The other drawer is on fire'" I took up water and threw inu4the- drawer. I saw the drawer on- fire, ahdlI nt. the fire ont with the water. - The fifth time there was af i-boutS o'dockinMrs.Morton's bed. We looked into her roomanidid not see any fir Mrs.Morton;however,-said she smeltfire. Wethen *enttothetop of the house,>andwe found theUeittlhbo6's bed on fire, but the littleboy ,mas iot within. 'Iran :down and-fethcd a can of wat'er:and put it upon thebbed; and took the bed down the yard-against the mattress.. When'theKbed was downstairs we threw another pail'of water over it. We did not go to bed that night at all. About half-past S o'dlock the linen which we had brought do.n mitothe kitchen was found on fire; weihad not put any *ater upon that linen after -it was brought down; we-kept findigont' fresh fire as regards the Ulnen tvery fewi minLutes'. The things, that stood out in the ysar-dbroke out again.' I etsieen lO and 11- o'clock- - onx the Tuesday ni&it the little boy's- mattress, which had h4en, takdout'bf th&-'littlelo Ws room -and placed in the'parlour,, viasonfire, 'The little-bo~y 'was-at M~. Dnlgdale's. :Xeither mistress ifor Iwent-t6-bedthatitight.- On lednesday mornIngi about a: quatertoS, the-'dirty' lineri in the'baclkroom at the top of the house was discovered to be on fire. - Mrs. Morton said she smelt fire,anud-we both went upstairs to leok, but couldtseunothin',,and"'ee came' down both together. 'We went np c.gaito,getl4er, and. on opening the door-the ro6o was fl 'of smoake. Ibelieve that was the last fire discovered - on that day, and there was none on Thursday, ionriday, or Saturday, and none till Sunday inorning. - The fire *as disc'dered'about 8 o'lockl on the Sunday 37hbrnmig 1n the littte -boy's room.. The mattress was on fire, - The mattress. h4 lain in the yatd from, Tue,sday ni&ht , till SitlixaY night, when we took. it-,up,ta,ra-. t 'o fire was discoved. till Sunday mwetook ing; weT hirew some ')Tater u'pon' it and-threw themattress intothe garden. -A lot of people ctame over from C-ravellaneand helpsd o gettbe-mattress6ut of theihouse. The net- -thing on-fre wv-as Mrs. Morton's bed, which was discovered to be 'on. fire by. Mr. Morton; this was about I) o'clock. "On the Saturday night Mrr. and Mrs. Xlortoa and the'littleboyslept in theirrroom. Theywerenotupwhen the boy's mattress -was on fire. Some. roore linen was burnt; and the bed on which Mr. as,d Mrs. Morton had slept was burnti.- The bed was niot mnade wrhen it was-en fire. I had not beenj in,the room,'nor any 'oody else, when Mr. and, Mrs. Mortoh'id roson was on fire. A fterlwards the closet downsars 'was; discovered 'to he on fire. There were some-newspapers inthe.cupboard,-andtheywereon fire. Mr. Morton dliscovered that fire; About 11 o'clock the bed clothes iuith6 top room were discovered to be on fire'v Mr. Butler. The clothes -were thiown downstairs. I and the little gil had been sleeping in'that room. The carpets were on fire on Sunday afternoon; this was discovered by a man named Geore who works at Mr. HIoward's. Mrs. orton was not at home at that'time: it was about 2 o'clock in the aftckmo6n. The next fire was discovered in the little boy's lox whichl containea his linhen. They tumbled the linen out of the -winddw. The- next fire was in the closet where -the- box was kept; this-was about half-past 4. The box was taken under the shed. Mrs. torton left home at half-past A1, and naever ame home till this morning. Mrs. Uorto_ stayed at'mr. ihsgdala'.s , c.BE the Coroner.-There'was some brinistone which was set in the bassinet -on Tuesday, and on Friday there was somegreen uison' ased to the skirting round the room. The coll,ars vrhich wer,on fir on? Tuesdayupnstairs were discovered-to be-on-fie'again on the k itchen table. The lid of th' ont4.ide vras bunt. I do not know who brought the box of dolLarsfrdmthemiddle. roomlinto-the kitchen. Ionly saw the box lid lying in the yard, and did not see tho box on, fire. The brimstone 'was placed- in the bassinet in a jbmatum pot; some of'the.' bm-hustpne marked the boards where the boards 'rs'er burnt.. About 3 o'clock on tho Tlesdaf-th`-brimstn was 'set on- fire in the bassinet, and etwoen.S3 -andi a'aolock o f the Tuesday. afternoon tho fire-was discovere.'. - The brimstone was used to destroy buag,an d,-teie)wa,s some,poison utD rouid the room,by the darjen.er;,butIdotI 'i's kkov his name. The poison was sent -in a:b6ttle -the label poisoa"was onthe bottle. The pois6o aconsisted of verdi"rs, corrosive sublimate, andC a decoction-tof tobacco, Mrs.1 Sarah M1orton sworn,-4 am the wife of Alfred Morton, and live in HorneslaneL ' Ann Fennemore i^sin my 'emplog.I ias at home on this day week. Freviouslyvto Tuesday. I had not prchated anything for the puspos of destroying bhgs. B eteen 3 and4 o'c1ock on the afternoon of 'hat day; I was at home. 'About that time -'we lighted brinmston we, hich we ba place,d in the baby's bassinet in my bedroom. The brimstone was in a small' jar. - otbin" 'uras put witntheorsmstone Sbrnafter the bassiettoolkflr T.he -witne-t then prboeeded-ato describe theo-o-der and 'pro - ressIot tsflr, - ,erte-ampnycoriohoratedthat of the HRey -.eor-'s B.-M elor,iswrn. am awlsle vn iniater living Bedford --'On Tuesdaymnigbt last' J ?s at the house of MIrMo-6rton it 10 o'clo6k T. he houso' was in a state of great confusiol, .and, Mrs Morton in a state 'great -disitress. XShe said-that she thought the fire - had'-.origLated ! from the- ser7ant having lit-'a. lucifer i match., She- said. nothing of the childn. &hq did_i6t say where'theseryant ,ha dropped the match, 'or anvthng-about th.carpel.' I'did not inquire where the Serntdro,' 'pedignited ns hi. -MiInorton gave me fio reason -why the enines -ire niot bent for I do not remeinber that.the engines were aLluded- to at all. I did not inquinr3 of the servant girhow the, fire haa originated. I made no in uiy of the servant- -On the Wednesday Mrs. Morton toldme that she hid e4n omigating the room with brimbstoni"-sbe saids itwas s amAllportion of brhistone whitchs hesad pacedin the pomnatam pot. She adid not say where sabahadpLcedit. -. Shiesaid her object ins funiga`ing the roomwastolkl biS.o 'isaEiria Cooper, 'sworn. 'reside.'in Mill.street, and knowv Mrg orton.' Thi&aY'ircek1Was at her housaiin tiie eniigifbou a';qCuAir past-7. 3Mrs.M6rton:told meI that e-hdhad .An'cddedit,: andthe crdle hadtaken fire. hde di&no ,aes;rlbe.hoirit had: hapened. She saia the crsdlo'wasplaced5n,the.fronta'oom taR-he first floor, and] -that,ons.hang Sc flghtf lad brought it down Amin Fetijsebs i niewas. l-- recdD _Iiaw Mrs.orton take the brimstonie om the,teapot-and put it into the )ocatuim :pot,*nd-afterWWs pet-it inth*b&inet. I tried to set it .h with amatch, and.the first did not light- thesecond mItcl did sot tght. With the thiud atch I ,it the brim stone. , Morton was prehtat the ime. I got the ~aite1~ ~ds ha-hast4eoesi beltchu.I threw the. bre pitso-ae tl-ae. itcheu fire. The brimastone warss Weken'iw>wo I piea. l- - S- ,, ,Mr. Henry S,tewarion,''sworn.--I, a chysist- ad =, qU1 Sjt.PaTnlSj's,ltdfor'd., r have never beer called -upon * X r. lortor,except subsequent to -te ia e l y. Mr. yortn'a licure belongs t4 llr. Rai-aTlCd 4 ,a e tfiUtM, 3for. ton has called upon me to have hu houe dred. -'OAt miesday r. E. Eoward oaed upoa me sfE'tg thist t e had been a fire, and asked meto gb-And jie theasimouns of d*nage *lLat b ad L-serdone. ' Betvren Lalf-jt 2Usid7-eldo k I iilc , eight~r keip t- rc st>ome bftefires were discovered by tb4sr aervast~, sEOII by Mzi. 11r±oz sd one-by myEselL We 'wre 'a11-n abticijetior'of res nple; There wione pillo ai e s e wihsro cerbhlookdowte0 rdo w nd sboek abt, o d ii ad i o Mr.7Morion-t"there' ol1 bresie fire in iti" -but in'boct'fbaW, g hoer-fit was on firee I inocked he baer-about ad. smelt it and could no' d?etccj nJ soei' gu'ipsof fir'e, 'thar zsnalibe'ci ''VU A E' tlfiring' oftsoie carpet: : stillnmore remarkable' czs8 was theIifring;of -60ne tcwoebiviichi -were hsn.g'UW -eU ,the nor,e. DThere weref,esin eweq.y aibt ohe hou3ci .Ire Thmained ebojthre4 was qr, when Imything caught'fir,t I CEheelvssz;eneukasmelby vbichv*_ 'oIddist4gwihwbenther-siro. TherahadAeenagreatl gsntit' f-bTJmkets and sheets and ea -the,garden.'- eze was'ino bie6zebnthe9inday,ae it-wa--Eoini we t day.T Mxi, W.- l s i mWL and ottiem icefc in; he, .paloPy a-when thre- was.-at A cry'f 0"iras,ndoi Thaing iup we,,ehed 3a CrY Qft se-hnthe biookain the sirloir -e're oi ~ee ' (haugOi' I .trds percecvtd I ane jdr*iwron flxe- the=kitchen- :I expected that thor -il Peooe.Tewhaoyons&sbntee'thh:in' *Wstr s '-Th In,nLm, own minad !I-have - A-the slightest; pyubt±a thatle~e riated o., obssn i r Alfred ~fu,ton , Il amn kn,rotiueomRtzaian 'IJ,pflt5hr:7d'that the-ixtnt't tlsk daige-done is verydcn &derable. I sin4ored hiow-'ve fire. origi-ted, -a,nd; examined. tlhe:. p'eius_s fr.m, top, to. bottoric Uponi in`ury ')y ,Wife told me teat,- hvins di-sovered-vermin, hbe -made_use of about in ounce and 'er'haf of stonebnm; stonein the front. hedrhora-for the pnp`o'e of destroyingthem, - and that soon- afterwards eomne'of the furit; iew*is found on fire;: "With' asisiance'It wa eitinguished;. butafterwards :a siCcesion o£etbte&ks'toolo Icin diSertr parts -oftthe-heuse until about 2 D'cloch in the ornon, whe'n. i' appeaife d foE riguia i - mth&'followiVg niorning (Wrednesday). another 'oueak' was- dis T coverefi, which dia considerajble dimige, --but' hich *irs wiLls .sitstnCe br-onghi suindi: and ili' app~ared safai. tr. IaVe not in edire-*hethm aore to n one - Dki Fo.on- the redneaday iineoiag2 rnething, I; be.r heve,, tok pIse e,t 'Thu,rs'dayIJFndaiy,'or- aSturday' himb I'' sin srrY 'ti saytbaht oihSunday'-ncrning; about . 8 o leocL-= 'nnotIiefi fre took pla**wienll wee in-'bedL ,lr hadbeen.'trivehing'.le .wholeaof,thle nighS preniorisy, Thaifire *as got'un eris'boutcfse minutes-afturitsdis. covrey', .very shortly afLerwsrds anoterdieJmasiscredZ smmedsat!y.eb6vethatG;rmystintjdnfwvasdirfteI tothat bji ,some people m-To,wer Court 'intinkU'b the upper-window.7 , Versh&riiyoafthrnthat tfebede A) slept 'was found to be"ox fire. I siceceeded in extinyiisbin) t,ht,with the sasistanee of, Mfr,, Hais-or the .arpurA.iins, A succession of fices' occurred throughout tho day to t.he amount of 30 at lessbc,in ever,y roon' .in the house, 'mid ' in evr,e-yclosef except onr.'- Ihiadgiven'imsiractionsto someg Of-ofi':men to-;be"on the lockout. iAt-lestfive-persons'wereialwy.s iwith :h e,- n. .exinguished.thse fires-as.they=took place; '' , c.-- eho .Comonr.-Do yoi us2ect-foulplaT OD . thc- parjor" any one with respect to thwe fires'9 :itiiess,-I,do nbt, disifitly.' ' ' - The Cororier. =D6 you -suspest- any servs-et, or, any otheri person2.. - - -. ' Witness.-ijhave no just reasomto stspect.any one. BY theF6reman,-I neier had bccasion. to' cautionii Ms,. Mortonim th1ewe of vitrioL. -By the Coroner.-The larGe box has been 'in my possession for. at least 20 years, and.was given iio bymy father ;, bat.habox .1, ,no* yery well was, usecd by a person in tlhtbleaching of bonnets; the ms3rler at; the bottom of the box. a±6 thoae of sulphur. I[have sinci liad' every- artiole re-,' moved from.the house. - . '" 'Thomas'HerbertBsr'rer,1M.13., sworm.: ' 5 The Ooroner.-Wlat is your opinion as to the-origin oEo these fires ?. Witness.-3ty present impression from v;hat I saw on. Sunday is, that theie was a son)etin'g soerv-aing that housefr which prodauced spontaneous combustion.' 'The Coroner.-Is' it 'yor deided opinion that sponta-- neous co'nbustion was the cause of the fire? 9 VWitness.-That is my decided opnion. In-the absence oE say more satisfactory erplanatioa I' consider that I am. iustifled in holdi;ig this opinion. - . The Coroner.-Can yon produee anyfacts begrinmupon. thsepornt? 'Witness.-Dr. Taylor, in his AciliccZ Jurisprundcnr givesr several instances, of siontaneous coinbustioci, and Bays,:- "Wd ehave,et much to learn respectin the cause-of this spontaneous odnibostion of bodies, for hitherto only±a1 fewisolated'facts hav-ebeen'collected, some of which, howr-: ever, are so strikrine andtunprecedented os3eat theadhe pre-, sbptiong .thatmThere'st mainy unsuspected substanees which tare capable of bndergoing this singular chdnge.l Mr. -Wl. Blowver, swvorn'-I am a surgeocn residing is Be.fohd, idfhae beenapresen t durin= tsis' investigaTion. I have heard the evidence given by Mr. Stowasdson and DrBarkier;. . I gree 'with them in opinion that there was some.~ thing in the atmosphere ,which;-caused the spon',aneous. combustionv.which has been-spo}:en of. 'I do not believe. that the fire of the bassinet'was ca'used by combustion. The hTrisnstone 'was set fire to by the Vhcifer-matcb, and then thebasinet W-as set on fiie. I bdlieve -the succession of fires was attributable to atniospheric influence upon the articles, bursst. <~. _- : ' The Coroner, insumning up, said, that he had endea-' voures,to ,iinig forth ilithe evidenco he could to elucidte the case; yet it must'h- admitted that it was inorheda in. considerable mystery. It 'ws: quite clear that in the first case brimstone was lighted wit s alncifer match; that fire' was extinguished, bet since.a succession of 'fircshad talen. place. - They had heard the evidence of.the girl, and.they, wuid formitheirtoriuopinion of it. It ws fortherato cou a the eviaencetogether,andtosoeo -whther'iAthafirst placethe' fire did not': arse fioni ascident;-and then, whether thoseE fires, which -were subdued in the first place on the Tuday. night and Wednesday,_ and thb fires which took place successively on the Sunday, were attributablo to atmosphericn influence, 'such as had been len -to. by the medical gentlem6nwho bad bees called before thent. Whetherthere wa blame attributable to any person, iflso, to whom, it wasr for them to say. Whether blame was due to Ers. Morton -or Whether 'it was -due- to the servant, would be entirelY for their consideration. It was admitted that the scrvant ,ut the iatch to- the brinstone in the presence ofr her mistress, and the servant said'that the children some-. times played -with lucifer matches.' 'It was 'wel known that lucifer matches were dangerous things to play with. During the long period he had discharged the duties of coroner he had seen in -other parts of the county the disastrous efiects of children playing'with such dangerous articles. The-suy having'consulted about half an hour returne& the follo6iing verdibc:-"That the fire on Mr. Alfred !iorten'e prenises, WaS 'accidentally caused by incautiously' pla1cing andseting fireto a q'antity of brimtone ina pot.* the same beiung phcjedin a bassinet situate on the first fioor' of the said premises' but as to the case of the continuation of fires on the said premises we have nlot suMocilent evidence to show."' -,- The procedin gtL terne
Tnx FrAT- BO=rn EXrao I-AROB; SnAa . Yesterday an inquest was opened before hir. Dearden, coroner, at the Red Lion lnn, near the scenof tho late boiler explosion at flampeon-niLis, near Buoy, into the cir. cuinstance of that rnelancholy occurrenLce, bywbicis nine~ lives were sacrificed. The first day'Ps proceedings, however, were confined to the identification of the boodies, and an adjounment then took placo for the Production -of more complete evidence than has yet been colected. SuACmID or MR; SeitAsTr POnTMAAT PALNUEL- On Thursday nighthir.Brent held an inquiry at the Georges Brook-street, -Holborni, touching Teeath of hir. George Smar n a wellnown portrait painter, aged 46, who com.% snitted self-destruction, under vecy nainful circumstance in a riserable loding in Bell-couiir Gray's-inn-lane. It appeared that the deceased was in very reduced c-rcunstances, andhad h'ved in his late lodging nearly thee years, durng w-hich period he sever permitted ny Pe-mon to enter his apartment, no doubt from a msistaken feeling of shamee aFtitalnean appearance. - is own aspect at all times ws exceedingly'vretched, aend bis tatterea clothes freqnently attracted the comiiation of the neighbou, for it was wellmown-hohe 'as, adhis talents were DPpreciated bythose about him, to whomh hs was in the habit of exhibiting some of the portraits which Jae paintcd. A short time before -his unhappy death ..he .spoke to his landlord about being no s ble to pa' i a Ipen soie twdo oDr the shillingsaw e ele, whe tdl ordcl, much to his creda,t istead oDf bs p ding the poor fellow andl giing him notic fea o . =h the ch togav,ctol his thoatriemigh,t t -ru on as long as be hieasd withoilt payin, in the ope that the times woulJ get better with hbni. hr.Smart was lat seen tlive on Saturday, and his non-appearance from. tha clarod up to Wed:~ nesd4' afteroon 'excited the appreleeison y of his landlor4d the ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~n ashte o£o the as yh themor -s aseveryhig apneared so quiet'in the room. Finding that no-answe vws ob e-t peated knokinga at hi. door, the landlord; at length 'with the assstance or the police, -forihily entered the atparinent, -wheni a terrible spectacle mnet theiz' -view, as- the Toox Creatufes-remainLs in a~ fearfullyliulfeleSd'stte-hiy streteed on -lnous dirtyold rags 'which had-servedi for-bIs- bed, -an4l there 'was&a deel* gash acros his thsroat,wrhich, to use the wordsoflir.Stranje the sugo 'wh 'wa- 'aIcidt-o seethe Bodly. "'ealydividedd sish e-fOM the trsinl the won2a extending downato this very 'vertebrie."- The -razor -with 'whic-h the deed hair been com ftted'waalying niear him.- In the room wat found. a a tatle - 1af, 4,M. mn meaoty, and xomse ragged gart meats, which had served the deoewaed for clothing by dAyr and for-a bed atnmight. The,om3y articleof furniture was^ cli,ir'without a bttom. Thev, were likewise found'inthe roomi 'two beautiffillivemecu'te portraitsby-the eleceaeed or a-lady and geutlesuai~ the fereersot _quite finished. Thei decease xd dbeen very eccentricinhahsabits, ad mdt*aUke to intemperance. At the iaggestion'of the oDroer, the jurf returned a verdHict- of suicide, leaving the state of the dLe-. ceased's mindI an openi uestion - TAE RimMnaxoii- I--Lon 1wedinedazy Mrr. M&rEh offerod-to puolieanct-son, at the 2dart, the Theatre Ito,yalatRiehinond,Suirey.TwithspeivAteresidenceadjo' copyholil of the manor of Richnia2es, or West Sheene,sn ject:to-ansannual quit rent of2&., and afine on alienation if thepurchLier U isot atnanttofthensanor. It was knocked& down at1,VWO. -v - T=eoiAm- OrTo)MMIzi.-Ther public, and -more esTecilil~thoee asons ho rteide or leave business in thi ueighbourhood. 'ilt be glad to leam n thLat the Toll Beorna Coimrittee liavensadetheir irst. stap towards the tota Abolition~ of.twnplke-gates,l1y the reoval, of the gtae A c( toss an the sid bars between the Islington ind City.*, Brothsstoa'saflflUN&urnUoWa tbah ladt aosibi. House: of. Commoa3, sat ui.) dam, audS Ml? hirer". aisun odto 8,oilnw. T ,he tou e nreII TAW1 *a ii julj LzAi 'woe.
I f FO.RPJGNNTBRIG.a - -- I ANE.: (rnom ,olm owir COOMMPONDENM.i [A pao!rt ofv the fofoing .ppesrea 1n our mecon&. S&Lofl of ywk"y'-3 pAElR, TnniA, 6 P.M. Although the Neapolitan qiiestion is at present the most interesting and important political topic, the Paris papers aro- very chay o. discuaiing it, and content th emelve3 for the most part with giving King Ferdinand's note s rendered by thc Co?ogwn Gazetle, and of the autlhenticity of which the tTniz=rs expremes doubts. T'he D$Wbsd and' the Adscnblgf have articles on the affairs of Spain, and the former, on the strength of a correspondence from that country, represents the O'DonnMl Ministryas havingdecidedthat the Constituent Cortes can and albe dissolved b the Crown. That they will be thus got rid of is highly probable; but the question of right is another matter. "I am not much dituosed to defend those Cortes; for.' without enteringintg the meits or demerits of the" Constitution they hive frame, I thhi:d-they .me. fairly chargeable -with having protracted its cominietion by indulgence in idle disputes, in empty boass, andacrimoniouspersonalities. Hid they abstained from these, their work would have' been done long ago; they would have dissolved themselves, ordinary Chambers would have been convoked, in conformity with the new Constitution the period of transition, which many now style the revolutionary Deriod, would have been at an end; and the recent bloody and unprofitable struggle would very probably have bcen avoided. Anyone who has followed, even superficially,the debates bf this Constituent Assembly will rismemberthe countlessaittingswastedinbitter squabbles and vain-glorious self-laudation. Anl sides and sections of the Chamber are equaJly subject to blaine in this respect. Now it ras the extreme Left, led by Orense and his Democrats; now the Rtight Centre, where sat the very few decided and avowed Moderados who had obtained election; now the Left Centre, where- was grouped a 'bald. of stanc E sparterists; and now the lnot of Vicalvarists, and even the Ministerial bench itself. '- We have' long-@ winded speakers, assuredly, and wearisome, in our own Parliament, but anything zesembling,.the waste, of time,J egYosm, and gasconade. of these Corteswould not there be tolerated for an instant. It is, the delight of your Spaih Parliamnentary spealrer l to dwell upon his own deeds and upon his ow sufferings for his party.' In such vrain talk, and in much spitefull recrimination, wrere half the aessions of those Constituent Cortes was The few men. who were worth listening to, and who would gladly have despatched the business on hand, were continually interrupted and compelled to rebut personal attacks. Wenow witnessthe result-a reaction has.1 come, and the National Assemblywillbebroken up. According to its constitution, it can be dissolved onlyby its own actand when itstasLshallbe fulfilled. But when that was decided the people were in. the ascendant and the throne in danger. Now al is changed, and doubtless a Royal decree vill be considered a very legal and proper mode of getting rid of the difficlty. The convocation of these Cortes, although it assuredy was never contemplated byO'Donnell andhis supporters in the military insurrection of the 28th Jnne, waS a useful and perhaps even a necessary measure at the time. The miovernment and tyranny,the banishmeats and imprisonments and exactions of the Sartorius Ministy, the hearlIess conduct of the Queen-Mother and of a knot of speculators who' were leagued with her in her equivocal transactions, and the scandalous proceedings of the Court, had caused a fierce exasperation, not only in MIadrid but in the provinces, which in July and August, 1854, unquestionably put the crown of Isabella II. in danger. The most eificacious means adopted to calm down angry passions and to satisfy the people was the summoning of a Representative Assembly, and by resorting to that measure Eparptero averted many perils and perhaps a violent struggle; for if the people had at' that time insisted on carrying their triumph further O'Donnell and the army could not have put them down as they did the other day. The-army then-was numericauy weak, owing partly to the frauds of the Polaco Government, which had misappropriated the money paid by conscripts to provide substitutes; it was dispirited by reverss, its organization had bee uneglected, and a considerable portion of it was re'l indlined to the popular causae. The summoning of Constituent Cortes and the,presti9e of Kbpartero secured thie adhesion of the NDatonal Guard to the cause of order, and, in fact, saved the Throne. The attempt at a second revolution, made by the Democrats and rabble of Madrid on the occasion of Queen Christina's flight from the capital, was suppressed, without bloodshed, solely by the firm and loyal attitude of the Nationals, and from that day dates for Spain a period of tranquity and, it must be admitted, of honest government and increasing material prosperity, which all well-wishers to the country m-ust have regreted to see interrupted. That interruption, and whatever evils may ensue, is to be attributed, not solely to Mslinisterial dissensions and to Court intrgues, not alone to the weakness of one man or to the ambition of others, but also, and in no small degree, to thedivisions and quarrels and waste of time of the freely-elected Constituent Cortes. An interesting case was yesterday decided by the Civil Tribunal of the Seine. It appears that inS07 the Duke of Orleans(afterwards Kig of the French) cormmenced a genealogical and chronological history of the Royal Family of France, a continuation of one the last edition of whicn was published in the year 1733. Suspended by his travels and byothercircumstances, the Duk-e resumed his labours at Neuily, and pursued them at intervals between the years 1817 and 1829. His manuscript was copied by the Chevalier Braval, and afterwards by his valet de diambre, Gamache, and by-M. Oudard. The revolution of 1830, which called him to,the throne, left him little time for literary .pursuits, and M. Vatout continued the work, the King rev3isi, and correcting it. In 1548 the MS., which formed three largo folio volumes, and which Louis Philippe was in the habit of keeping either in his bookcase at NeuiLly or in a closet of his study or of the billiard-room at the Tuileries, passed out of the possession of the Orleans family, whose change of residence, as is well known, was t0o hasty to all3w of their carrying away much baggage. A short time ago the Duke dAumale received a letter signed "A. Vallete," and dated from Paris, informing him that the Lmanuscripts in question were in the possession of a person who was their legitimate, proprietor, and who proposed to sell them, but who thoug,ht it proper fist to give the Orleans family the option of becoming the purchasers. The letter gave a .sumroiy of the contents of the volunesg declared that they were in perfect preservation, inquired in what manner the vritef could show them and satisfythe Duke of their authenticity, and requested that, if he declined to purchase them,hewouldpromptly reply to that effect, as advantageous ofers were made for them in auotrquater. Onthe 1st of the present month of August Vallete se,ttotheflake d' A umale a printed prospectus, headed thus:-- " To be sold, by private conltrt, historical ssauscrits aultograph ama rupublsife,. by &he late Bing Louis l'hilippe L;. forming three voLs. in folio, bound in shagreen' cloth, writh arms and escochesons." There was a note in the prospectus, to the effect that every explanation and guarantee would be given to the purchaser as to the legal and legitimate po&sesion, as well as concerning the autlhenticity of these manuscriDts, which did not form part, as, might be supposed,. of the things that had been carried o£f from the Tuileries in February, 1848. Vallete's name and address were on the prospectus, which was accompanied bythe following cool note:- "i. M l Duc,-AUoW me to hove the honoar of address ing to you the enclosed printed paper, the object of which ay, I thick, excite yourinteret. I' renain, respectfully, &c., . - *A. .VALd,ETE." -1. Bbcher, administrator of the property of the Orles faily, communicated with Vallete, and osked for one of the volumes, that it might' be shown totheCountesadeNeuilly, He alsorequested to know how he had become posiessed of these valuable manusripts. Vallete refused to comply with either request; whereupon the whole o£the Orleaus family applied to the President of the Tribunatmi of the Seine to have the manuscripts seized, pending- a decision as to the rightful ownerslip. thiswas 'dbne. - On the 9th inst.' the three volumes were seized at Vallete's house. He protested against the seizsure, in3isting that if it were suspected the papers had come into hiis hands in a fraudulent m3anner; 'in-hh he denied, the fraad should be proved, and putlig forwzard legal argumenlts to show. that'they lsgiiinatuely belonged to hi: WVhen 'the' came nae on for trial, however, he did not 'appear, nor did any counsel for him, anld the trbunla 'decided thAt the dispufed,t ib-tH,l,be giTOD upto the repe tive Dfthe y7 , audthal' Vieeioud pay theeoetls. ;, - -An baperial decree of the -13th, in the Bue fin des lboIDopene snp'plementary credit of 1:359iOOw.f to the 3Miiater-of Foren Affafr,of which 12aW0f. are for diplomatic presents, a'd 1,233500f. for mi,ions aand i ex'trad n.: Lnother decree opens an-- extraordina* credit of a5,945f. to- the M 'f State for the cot of the funeral 'ofM` Fortoul; a3id a third assign a upplernientarycredit of 213,000f. tothe Mini*ter-'of the nte'rior forl extra expenses connectedawith: .the. confiieemer±t'and e- anoval of prisoners.. : . , . The commnision appoilted .by decree of the 7th. of june last to manage -the fund for the sufferersby the inundations hasjuit'addressed a report to' thle Minister of Agriculture, setting forth the bases on 'which the amount of the ubseription should be '6ivided. His Mlajesy, fiterhavinoread this document;: -which wil be shortly pfiblUed'e gave oraeNv to the Minister thata first difision.shoiild be immediately ,nade among the persons thrown into distrea by the catastrophe, and wFhicl vill amnount on an average to 10per cent,o en. heir losses. ~' . ' - The followig prvatte elegt,phic despatches have been received :-,. '., - - . ,"ST. ?ETEB3BUBG. AuG. 19. ,tHis Exoelleney the Count de Morny hastranmitted to the :Emperor Alexander the-Grand Cordon of the Wegion of :onour." 7- . The Coission of Surveillance of Ahe -Mutual Benefit Societies -n France hias just presented its annual report for the year 185, of Which -the.following are the most sli,ent poi,ns . '- "Onthe,31slsof Decembler, 184,. tie nunmber of such societes 2,940, havin"g2300 hoi members not wanting to derive any perous benefit from tho institutiop, and 351,101 who participated in the benefits of those establishmenta- Driing 85M the number of the socie ties had increased.to 3,123, and the number.of members to 41,434 Sail 412- respectiely. hEe receipts during 185 amounted to 6,170,114f., and the. e3.- penses to 4,925,778f., leaving a surplus of 1,244,33Mf.,. thus bringing tho. capitd of- the reserre to 14,574318. The admission of womeninto these societies, which watfirst rejected as likely to lead to rtinoEs effects; but atter. wads agreed- to by way of experiment, now tends to become the generol rule. Feelings of hatnity revolted against a system of exclusion founded on sefislx calculatio s, 'whichi ducedmen whobaduautedtogetberformutualassistancetorefusea similbr enefittothei wives, theisstes, and their mothers, Some societieshave ,gone still further, and have extended the benefits to the whole family, and have.' fin ished gratuitously to the children tha visits of a m edicalman and a supply oe medicine. In a greater number 6o toins the societie4havehot only given their attention: to' the health of the children of the memlbers, but have also - provided for their education, andhaveplaced them, when) at a proper age, to learn trades with respectable and srl7ful rnasters. The grants from the general fund were distri' buted in 185S according to the rule laid dovm by the sdiperior commission anad approved by the 3Ministry of the'Iterior. During the yeara ssum of 128,929f. was divided among 271 soieties. The report conciudes by expressing a hope that these institutions, winch have made such progress during the last four years, Will continue to advance with a firm and rapid step towards the object ;wdich God has tpropesed to the whole human family-to unite rmeni together in order to promote their mutual happiness and 'welfare." General Faieon, who was to have taken uip his residence at Tours, has obtained pernmssioa to live at Bordeaux. The Three per Cents, closed to-day at 70f. 8ae. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Balf per Cents., at 95f.; and the New Loan at 70f. 90c. - Orleans Railway Shares, 1,420f.; Great Northern, 1,067f. 50c.; Strasburg, 947f. 50c.; NeTw Shares, 865f.; Paris andc Lyons, 1,425f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 3,8201.; Westem of Farnce, 973f. 75c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 810f. ; Great Central. of France, 695f.; Lyons and Geneva, 807f. SOc.; Bank of Crddit Mobilier, 1,625L; Austrian Railways, 891f. 25c. I. Courns A uiq see-PAES, Aug. 2L-Cash ]?ricesFour-and-a-Half per Cent-., 90f.- ditto, not reimbursable for 10 years, 95. 10c. 95f' ditto Zoaa of 2855 (70 per cent. paid), 95f. oc.; ditto Ccztifiates (70per cent. paid), 95f. Sc. ; Iireeper Cents., 70f. SOc. 9Doc. SOG. 8c., ditto Loan of 1855 (70 per cent. paid), 701. S6c. SOc.; ditto Cetificate3 (70 per cent. paid), 70f. 85c. SOc.; Bank Actions 4,10.; Credit Foncier, 670.f; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per C'euts., 440£.; ditto Three per Cents., 391. 395f. 40Df. ; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 90M.; ditto Three per Cents., 80f. Prom. Obligations of },OOOf., Three per Cents., 930£ ; 6rit Mlobilier, 1,63O. 1,627f. oOc. 1,625f.; Discount Bank, 6901. 690f.; Piedmoutese Five per Cents., 91f.; Beldiuan Lovn,1S52, 101;' dittoFeour-and-a-B21f perCents.,99} dito Two-and-a-Hralf per Cents., 55; Eoinaus, 88 885; spanlah Deferred Converted, 25; ditto Interior Debt, 39.'. 13chant8 on 3ondon,' at eight, money, 25f. 27Sc;- three mont <, money, 2Sf. - (reroa Omc1 own' coRRPEsron'DEa-T.) MAESThLS, AuG. 20. The two ports of Marseilles are so crowded with transports which have arrived with Government stores,andmerchantvesselsladenwith wheatfrom the Black Sea, that the mail steamer Gange,which should have sailed for Constantinople on Monday afternoon, an.d t'e'Alexnndre; having on board 600 troops for Algiers, were detained until last night. The Prefect of the department has in consequence' published the followin,g decrees, datdyeNsterday: "We, the Prefect of the Bouches-dss-Bbhne, having read the report addressed to us to-day by the Captain of the Porb of Marseilles relating to the overcrowding which exists in the ports of this city, and'the obstacles to commercial ope. rationsawhichresaltfrom-it, and particularly to the free movement of steaivessels charged with the postal service as well as to the landing of grain, decree, that from this day and until further ordersas3 ships of SO tonsandupwards arriving in theport of Marseies shall stop at the quarantine harbour of the Frioul, and remain there until they shal ba advised by the authorities that they may be admitted intO one or other of the ports of the city." The second decree published by the Prefec Says"Ravin read a report addressed to us todayby U Captain of the Port oEf Marseilles, from which it appears that the presence in that port of ships having discharged their cargoes becomes a source of difficulty to other ships loading or unloading ;'considering.that the space containedwithin our ports, already 'too saiall in proportion to the extension of our maritime commerce, every day increasing, cannot permit without inconvenience the presence of empty ship3s we deceze, that everY vessel having discharged her cargo shall proceed to the quarantine port of the FriouL Any einpti ship remaining in the ports of Marsailles 4ftei the publica3 tion of the present decree shall be sent to the Fnioul 'at tho expense of the owners." - The Nayor of Marseilles has received the f.ollowing letter frn M 1arshal Pelissier .- " Monsieur le vvire,-I have in vain endeavoured since my retuxn to Parns tofinda minute to -write to you.iOfflcial duties asd a thousand various cares have, to my great regret, prevented the possibility of deing so' Tue fact is, Monsieur le Maire, I was impatienuttotell youwhatT could scarcely express at 'the momant of my precipitate dse parture from Marseilles. I wish to speak of -the sentiments of profound gratiftde' with which I a'inspire by the reception given to the: a:nry of the 'East and to its 'chief by' your; 'hospitable and patrioti cty. The evening paBsed at the theatre, the. banquet at theAlIfes 'du. l!cilliau, the .syrathetio' receptioo I met on every occadon, are 'recollections vwhich cannot be obliterated, and will once 'more' proclaim to. all. "with *hat ardour the city' of hirseilres can associate itself with those fortunate events 'waich 30d to thsa glorYbf our countiy. Please, thereforie,'onsieur'le 'Maire, again to receive my warmand sincere tharn% asdthoseof thebrave rnywhich I had the honour to ccrnaiand, and please likewise to be my faithful jute'rater to yous;feu6w-cstiaens of the sehtiments of gratitude I asohappy toexpress." A letter fron1 Toulon, 'dated thibimor , st,a that the' ship-of-the-lire Hlerculd sailed frorn tihat port on' the '18th inst.' The saifing frigate Uranie, and the steam' frigate Albatross, with the transpodt Mouse, sailed on the'IMth inst. The nhip-of4he-line Iffle'ible,wDichsailed fromToalon on the7th July, anchored in the port'of :Brest on the l0thkAugust, i, .. .- -RU . ..: '(r'o' 'oi ow" '- c J OT -'roeDre *(FEO'\ OJ OWN CORRESllONDB=,) , - . - . . -: - -BERLU , A v G. M.'..........2 Parades and review'.sarejust now the order of the day here, or xather, in Potsdan4 aird in the opien country between the tio6 townns. Thd'Xingispect% toops nearlv--every 'ay, and now te - Praznce'of Prussia has just returneh ' froni Ostend (t-day) to asist him. o The King. and the Quseen give a grand dinne this afterioon, 'tWthe Schloss to the generils amid high comin ling eersof thetroopswihichhlivi been revsiewed.during the past few days, ancd in the eveninm there will-. be:;-gaI opera-that is to-iay, arL operiaic representation-at 'which' the' Royal family *all r trient: and'uosbof 'the tickets- be gifven P6wayA6t the 3iilitarv. 4 ''' :Barou 3SuTerg ret nr.nted'.yesterday afternpoin ror the 'purnese of. presentinig .his' lette^;rs of- recalv, and after a stay of abouit tshree *eeka wl p7ied to his newr post s.t'Vjen,w. w: l ' ' ' . ed; 3tonssgnor' Cbii wbhot' was -lately appointed representative--of _i -Holine, 1 the-Pope at the Court of Jmc-u 'is eipe d iere i-n a few days on his -Wa to Moscow, -t&-be present as _voy Ex. traordinary ix MoAth' d$ngTe eohonationi. ,M,. Btichi~nadn-, ot: i,ter-r'at- Apenhagez%, !paaed througih boe at week-on m betur. i''ha pos,t from'ILondo'n, whviter li bad been ainimsoid to confe'r wvithi Msers'on the subject'of the 'Soiuid Dues. Since his zet-n,to-CopeaenWit b A trW_ pired that our Governmnent is no longer dispo3ed to offer any obstoles to-&the realizalion of the ihiaW;2 pln for: eapitlIFI the Souna Duct, an? ha: inzthem redeemed by the various nations inered inthe *Balti4: tiad.e according to the proportioni. ef Uieir !participation. Mr. Buchanian's .gtay heseu * a, it~ -appeas,' - so enabled him to coin*municate to the Daniish Governmlent't-lthat? the Prussihn Cabinet,- whi6h had already, long ago, expresed-ts acquiescence in the Pi1-ln of -a redemption of the 'Sound Dues, but wAasatriving for better.tera than those offered by 'R-r mark1 would.alson61onollr offer any obstacle to the arragement being canied out. This step taken by: our Gov.ernment, 'whBich virtually settes the matter; is 'important, not osiy oi account of the great comnmero intereit'of the v&rious nati.ons inovolved in theabolitioan0f the. Sound-Dues, but also from the. circumstance that the navigation of the Blltic, theGulf of Bothnii, andthe Bay of Finland, being.thus: opened up more fr,ely than, before, will render the erection of 'Bomarsund and saimilar aggresive piidhrMtenin fortiications matters of immnediato not6. niety,iEsl eadof their springingup and arriing atmia'. ,tnyalmost.witho,ut one knowing anything of thieirexistence. The. abo,litioi of.; thle Sound Due3^.iU also loosen ,Russia'a. hiold iof* DXenmark, -wh-iel ,hitherto has served prety -much ae a porter's l6dge ltothe Russisn-apital,', oering e_er- y facilit as ai. outpost for politgcal and commercial espionage, d ,making the Baltic all but a nmare .cZcusurna. Itis 'to~ ibe hoped that:.provisiona have been made also fcr 'the-abolitiou.of the transit dues overland., thr.ough ,Denmark.which. were-levied by thaii Government; confessedly as a protectibnto the Sound Duei. XTIie, 'opernin of t1, saeway round Denmarkl- alAo compel Mecklenburg very soon to accedea.t6i ; :dmiltnvtion or repeal. of the Xlbe dues, which aceain ,il act 'iii.the.same direction towaids relievong`tlh . NIRhine and theDanulbe from the tolls that at present Weih so oppresmively on their trffic. . The DanTish Government is also about to forwa&. an answer'to the represntations 'made a fewnmontths back by the two German Powers on the subject of ita-violation of, the Its -of,,the Ger Duchies of .olstain and=Lauenburg. - iLthin a week or two the Danish representative 'at (.the German }Bnt,d Herf von -Bulow, will visit Berlin and Vienna in preparation for: the resumption of business after;the recess by the' TiSnd at Prankfort, and will be thebearer' of the defenlce tfhat the flanisli Cabinet msayhiave to make.. . -.. ' ' Since my letter of-the 'day befo£e yesterday a variety of pa#riculars have come to light connected with the late drinnish of the crew of the Prussidn corvette Denitot with the Riff pirates on the coa%t of Morocco. Of these various communications the, official statement in the P-reussisclhe orresjwldeiz is the most circumstantiaL From it it appears that after parting company with the ret of the flotilla of edeira the P-rince-,Admiral thought it desirable,' on account of the cholera having raged at Funchal, to procure a clean' bill of health, lest any diffilcalties should be made by the quarantine authorities on occasion of hisputtin into Gibraltar or Malta. He' therefore touched at Mogador and obtained onefrom. the European Consuls residing' there, and thus providedproceeded toGibraltarforcoals. The stockthat the Government stores co6uld part- with there not being suEfflient for the'prosecution of Mig voyage to Constantinople, the Price made for Algiers, -where fthere were said to be hrple'stocks. Mile on the way thither and of. the, Afiican coast the Dantzic arrived near-the spot to. the east 'of the Spanish town of Melilla, where, in 1852, a Prussian bric had been plundered by the natives, and interest aAia curiosity led the 'Prince.to pat off a boat or two fofr the purpose of taking a nearer view of the spot; but any attempt to land lay entirely out of his intentions and plans. A number of the inhabitants came down to the beaclf nd made every friendly' demonstratioii at first, waving white flags .&fc., when suddenly they poured in a volley upon the 'occupants of the two ibeats, wounding one of the oarsmen; the volley -was returned, and,.a the firing incieased from the side of the shore, the Dantzig, under the command of the Prince: ofE :essen, approached, and brought her .guns to bear - upon the piratical assailants. All the boats of tho' steamer, with the exception of the paddlebox boats, were nowf manned and armed, and, under fire of her heavy, gus, the party, about .0 strong. put off for the shore, and about 65 of them lande Here, throwing out tirailleurs as theywent, theydrove the- Arabg or Moors before -themup an acclivity abit 500 or 600 Feet high, that slopes close downuto the edge ,f ' the beach, and planted the Prussian flg for a few minutes on .the top; but finding that the assailants (whose number at the tinme of landing is mentioned' in some accounts to have been already 600) were continuly increasing, and mesnaced., to:cut. thle ,paty' off from the boats anda to nouh, d them entirely, the Prince ordered them' to''retreat to the boats. This retreat was the- real, tag , of -the' battle,-.ithe Danzig plying her -guns vigorously on the dene mases of the-natives, and the landing expedition keeping up a steady -fire of-small arms as long as their amiunition lasted.' The gteater number of the men, 17 in all, wer wounded in the boats, six were kIlled, of whom three were left on the field. The loss of the natives is presumed to be three -or four times as many. It -was a'th.topofthe accivity'that Prince Adalbert received a, 'Wound in his right thigh, and that his Adjutant, lifeuteiant,Nieieman, received.a wound, of which he diedjust as-he was being put on board 0o3i his return to the ship. The Prince intended to return to England as soon as his woumd admitted of his movnin, and the Danzig was, aftef a WOA ibay at Gibraltar, to proceed to Constantinople, wleere she -wi foxthe present remain at the disposal of the Pusia Minister there. .- , ;'--Af present I cannot hear that any stepshave been teLkn bythe Government here inthe matter, andit isbelieVed "thdt. the King will first wait for the vefein ofDlis co-sin,'Prince Adalbert, fromEugland before any resolation dis tome tdo; but it seems far sibre probable ,that a plan that was on theltapis abolit two ye4rs' I3ack or some comon' steps to be taken. by Engl4nd ' and Prussaia for. cle'ring 'tLe coast' of. Alrica-:. of 'the' irattes', tha still infest those seas' will- be brought forwinrd again.. With the.- spirit ithat 'this' treacherous:. attack upon the Prussian k flag :iB W.lculated to call--forth in King- and- neoDle_lthere "can, be but - little doubt biit thatitIe,ivhble Prulasin naval' foice, smaU as it, is, will be applied towards the' chastisenient of: these pirates. -'-England will hardly refuse to assist in so good a work-for -the general weal, and ofrance it is known that preparations are.already beingmade in' secretfor :an-expedition next spring ilgaint these Riff pirat6i, who make the coast -of 'lgera sosafe. - '- ~ PORTUGAL. . .SBOh. , A*UG The opinion expressed in my letter of Tuesdia.y, that the bread riots in this. -capital would n nt be rosusafd, has so'far ben bcrnre out by facta, and, although it 'is iloow said- they-'will recommence ta iorwo,w nigf,ht, 'being a holyday,j f ee'eohfdent that tranquillity will stUl be maintained.- TheGoverzf- 4ienah'as 'taken every precautio,'and, 3 in 'addition 'tothe tr66ps~i2uall$y satatned .here, the Ath - Re4i ~insiit of£-Caly has -beeii 'sent for from Santsrea ;uadwiII riife.to-nXorrow: ;the lth ]fntryisso on its m3arch from'Abrantea.~ I ence it may be iniferred -littl-, fears .ax.-:entertined.as to -the continued- .tanquillity -of those idistrictn:; and, al&oagh- 'itf- is- said-tha eiissaiies were sent byv thie-rioters to . rase the provinces, I have ascertinked 'that- tvhe-twleg-apluc .despatches 'this momma-t assure. th G.ovemnWt that nlone. of the proyincia'l .towns . have been distuirbed. -,: . no' the riots beitwen 40 and oO of the inost prominent ringleaders weretaen. They are'noiw undet exaation at thBe poLice-office, and. sein fto belong to the lowes a- most- miserable lasses- of society fellows who -are to be found in all capita, ready for iot andk iob`iery wYhenever a pretext ap peara with a to1erableance of impunty. Although. the -inational bMtaltons- had not ,n regtdly: pntdoiwnh;ere,theirar-miswerefovinately under guard. at the respective quarter and those iarm-, with all others in -ueat the theatres &ce., hve i dverp i3udeitly, been - efnved .to die arsenal Tese mand other rmeasur ` 'pt'L'reiy that of cona.' idnghecasres of-the tiown- teL t he -snilisry, have conspietely -re-established :confldence; and- ass-M. /E~ki-Aned ha abrdtreahh' n bakers have, r-oouad , thi _ p _.Ikir 'zot -ndI m2ke no cloubt i tiognhoni of WibewwicEYMprevailed of lxte in the-co.r-mak has pritevailed ou sal beyondatstin reek. aeegxj-b.e] j~. O-kU cipal Ch%AnbO for--the adoption "of .neasref bold necessxy, to- procure a - .l ilk the price of bnead.' It ispropoedatoraise .3pO6 onto (about. 67,OOZ).>, I the purpose of importingwheat, ingit and baked for sale itafixed. price; Put Tthin4 such a uplan les likely to promot ample suppIiies . reasonable prices than 'te free importations now' decreed, which are. alregdy bringing grain, to this market, ad& will continue to doso in greater aibjud ance. if the merchant be: not cheeckedhby municlpal, interference. * This day's GVzrefte conis ,an 'advensement forthe 330,OOOf. loan, in bonds at 6 or'3 per cent.,wNhicb the Cortes authoried to be raiseda for raillays: and other public works.. Tenders are- -.t be delivered,, . sea,led, at-t,he, If,sbon .Tixean up to the 5th' 'of Septembr nert, and the l,on-is to be paida. .up in, three equal portions at one two,. and three months. after the acceptaice ef te tenders. The funds are recovering. here froi the',: .: t,ion aturally caused by:the fear of riots, an'd the. Three per. Cenut. w,ere y bsoerday boughfreely t' 4e to 4u f . : An incident ;took'place on T es1aaynit wbicg` may lead to, unnecessary alarm. A soldier belong- ing te the artillery being'fo.uni? arunL and insabordinate, 'p'on the regiinent ret,rjbing,to its q,iiar ters pt Be emnlhe. wa oriered to,i rison, and, uio being dispbsed to obey, the colonel-it last appeared and' 1aid' hold of the ma,n, ;when he tore off on6 ofr the c6lone's epa le!, -and oth&i'oiers b'nin ;to thesame 1atteryhaving a rokei out jn crie against their commaindor, th6ebatt6er was inmniediately, sur'rounded and disimd ty'the re' of the regiment. A m;1ial iwveStsigatinn is now, going on, and I am' ttld'theman is likely,to be condemned, and that l' -i'H be, in that case, ihot'vwithout 'delay'; and that. othiers lBelongmg to-tim enniu at6e ty will ~d.,t 1= [Ijunihed by imprisonment and ha-a labour. Asfar 13S I i ca ,th is o'nly sigx.n Ainsubordina .tion 'evinded , yth'ero,ops''of the line,an itapromnp, Ipumsient wi,ll stend ,-to maintain the nece'ssary dis-
v - AIJ r -.T-HBtEATOT-A NoTE.! i 'TO THE EDITOR t)F THEETD]` S. Sir,-In the synopsis giver&by the Corogne aGaze of th6 note of the iing6f Naies3 in *^eply to the temnostrances of the; Eg'lish and-French Govern-- onent;and republish:ed in ydurpaper of yesferday, occur theT FllowingI passages " It has been asserted, and attempts have been mpde toeosablish the assertionj that the Constitution of 184S, under rhich the above bxecrable principles were openly promnul. gated, is the fundamental lasw of the 3dngdom of I,aples." 1Is it desrd to see a .-renowval of these dreadful crimes and catastrophes bf whiCi unhappy ltsly was tlen tle theatre? The Contiton -of 1848 wolid be wonderfully adlpted to bring forward iepetition of thetn - - - Now, 'as it happens, I was a reiident at Florence, Rlome, Naples; and Palermo from 1847 to 1850. I know something of the trounbles to which suchd affecting reference is Made'; and I have in my possession the following singular document, which: I cut but of a Roman paper in 848. Itis the wellhhow-n prodamation -of the Eing of Naples on the 24h of MIay, in that year, issued nine days after tshe. revolution in his capital. The original wvas posted up in every qilattr of the city. I -give a literal:trfscript oi the Italian tex±, together with a trantltiots for the beniefit of- those - among your readers -who- may be unacquainted with that lan-a guage:- , , , , '..... ,'6C Kapcoletani ! - " Nehpolitais t- - *'Profond&rnente addolo- I'Frofoundlygrievedbyihe riat dal 'aoribile, caso del 15 horrible -occurrence of the rsggio, il nostio pic -vivo 15th of My, ormost lively desiderio d di iadd6lclrne, desire is to soften its conseD quanto uman.niente e possi- quchees - s far as humma bile, le consequenze. La nos.- means cxii do so. -ur in-ost traferiussimmedimmutabile- filt and 'immutable will-is vblontl & di mantenere la rto mxantain the Constituti9nCostitu4ione'deL10,FebbWaio bf the 10th of Febrnary.e puar ed imcnlata-d dori and unsulied froroi any;S specid-di -eccesso; *n quale of excess - which, being tlhe estendo sola con34atibild co' only one compatible with the: veri, e- pzesenti bisogni -true and present wants -of, odiquesta parte d'Italia, -'this t of Italy, shall1bn 8a'1'area sacrosant3 se la the tbrice-holy ark on *wicb0 quale devono appoggiarsi mu' mnst repose tho- idestinies of sorti de': nostni asmatisimi ourmost beloved peoples and popoli edella nostra corbna;.: of our:Cron. -- .. -C=nere:'1.oe^sativo '4Th6LegsitiveChamberg saranno fra monenti ncon- wiM bein ashort time coavocate; e a sapienza, ila vokedagain, andthewisdoua, fermezza, e la prudenza cho. the Binness, and. the praattendiamjo da toro.saratmo deneewhichwe expect from per sin oingorosamentein them will give us vigorous tntte9uelie psrti claUs cosa stanceinall thosemaf= pubbhca, le quaIl hanno perining to the commoa bsogno di sa edutiirior- .weal which have need. of dlinamenti. Rpipglite dun- wise a.nd usefl reforms. que mutte le vostr consnete' Resuune, therefore, your as OCCUpn3 i;fldateviconeffu- customed occupations; trust sione.di anmo della uosttra with ful confiaence of. sonllealtai, dellanostra religione, .n our good faith, in our ree del Postrosacro e spontaneo ligion, aEd in our sacred andgluramento; e viveqo naIls' spontaneousoath; and live pienissima certezra che ls in the fillest certaint that piiaaCeSsantepr&Occupiziond' the most unemittin- 'Wish qeia'-a.imo hostro e di abo- 'of our heart'is to aWolishi Hre-aLpii6p?to*p4sieme con together withthe exception,4 lo stato e&er6ibnale o pseg- ad temporary condition -in .iero in cni. ei troviamo,- iwhich .'vo find oislvyes fr anche, per quanto sar potni. the&-present), the memory bile, lamemoriadellafunesta- .also, asfarnspossible, of the sventgza e0e ci ha colpiti. dreadful, misfoitnon which: ':Do. -has a ueds. " Napoli,24 °. - - "F5RDI?SAXD.' 1 "Naples, hay 24, 184S.'" This notorious .proclaination Kin Fe±dinand: .1 *ould fain forget, involving as it' does a cha.ge of deceit. andc perfidytlie xost flagrant conceivable. 33ut the point inost. woi'th of attent>ion is the WOD. derful changein the -views of the-Neapolitan Gbveri! ment with respect to the Constitution of 1848; -that constitution so solemanly and so irrevocably re-established on the riiins of'the-barricades of the 15th of May bv- ithe -deliberate - spontanedus act and dleed o£-the peuur&l Sovereign. On the 24th of May;. 1848, -this constitution was affirmed by the very highest anthorityto be the onlyone compatible with the-true arid present wants o.^ this zpart of Italy; the thiiee-holy ark on which must -repose the destinies of our moit beloved-peoples and of our Crown." :~ he Auouist, 1856, it is discoveu5ed! that this samie con stitution 'wwould bea wonderfully adapted to brin& forward'airepetition;of those dreedful crimes and catattsojuhes of which unhappy Italy -was then the theatre 1"- ---- . . Wichiof4hese-opposite'Royal opinions are we to accept ? The enligh:tened 'statesmen wh& mulse. the happiness of Naples may,- perchance,some of these days- vouchsafe-to reconcile- the counter-statements of their Adorato Sovrano, and g,ratify the curiosity of Your obedient servant, A. Godalndng, Surrey, Aug. 20.
: 'TO 2HE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. . . I , ,l I * Sir,-~Ihave beern hovm.a copy of your paper of last Saturday, in wjhici appea s. Ic'er signea "Firth, Barber, und C6.1Ohk - CoMiery?". -In that letter there is an unpleasant .usaionE made respecatingdmybeing ischaied rom ieirgrlpynientt as.-'Putr.i- the puAgrbph ,^8g ztge-¢i :-s'we+)re perfectly convinced It-;U-,IIOtabn''otr,A,io many 2 erso xin.the diastiiinF,,t,3t we, 1h eo et-tikein place in consequence *E f.rNqn part to themc but fronma -wishtq have an undervieWer of tleir own choice-viz., our lat adepnt whom voehave cbarge f gross ,ordin r f Th4y 1pye tlius tte;d, ueason to, the public for my having bpeen disclhaiged from their eiplp M.ent. I will now give the. puibIic acopy of the reason they gave to ie in iting. Th6 rigmalZ -ur-w2l'otosh t.anype n 'wishing THEIJiPIXSUc 5iA-sox ir, :Stv&TEI-.EASON5 Toi so - DSOHISQy{sME. floflG. - 'or ,gros insubordination. "John Baddeley,-As the -men ar -on stri-e and the pit not at-worlk it is necessarvtW reduce all expenses. I am ,instructed by Mr. Woodhouso to Fgve . yoU a. fortnighV.:l notice to leave your present e1nap~oyent.. - J6is BOWr armisey,t Jun je 7., *- -...' , This is aspea,i'of t'ei isith 'tpa blio and with me, I never hear before, oonlyfron,i.lr. orton-hrt the iuen ished aoe to be the underviewer. The meniiever named suich a thi-g tome ha hid nothr whatever to do with the ast ie.-nordUo.I^ ahto.bare anytiisg1o do . -ansictof' due,'I youXlirnsfttthe abovein jour next, 1nmressiort,. - - V,' Your.M,. '~ ' !: . -; -: . I I JO- EAI1)RTRO : . s; tralwberVoUji(,x.v- 3adnsTh4Ailn'.9i , : TARMYAIO days ago was inaued a. nominal xeturns£the ¢tbe nt-coiovei - ini the anm on theist of -Deodibe; M184,'whollad beenpromotedj o that rank-bOfore the e2f -t JUM, -4 sweing the nmiber of officenr of the carmy and Oednaiie *who ha're beeu promotd ovor each of them io the kri6f tdolr br 2tie operatioi 'of thelvrmant of tiS 6th of October, 1854X and-Jo thoec efficerg who have seaed mrx yew MrejienW- fieI4 offloars, andI 4ho60 ~who -h verodw bre)et 1romotio onr seoinethe1idTXse bat oocpwa p.oes* nearly-fiv l_ j_ -.
TH-E -,A-TIONA4L,REB$O1WA2',to~V2 -OZ. -~ ~ ~ 'S O :.ue -22.{ .+!_ vocates of this important national mo7smout were bs t t,o close last eveit by a public Deeting whic ' ld iL etheiVictora-r.oo, l rd st gdig, There were a smbladon ttt,ecaion sW h of the spporter a of-th o y -te, h ety of e,stablishig whl ee on' A.- lei b s at length to be er aelt : gliot the y. Among Uthoe prese,nt wrereLIord R.- Cecil, NJ?. Si 3'. Paldngton.,P., S5r S. Ndrthcote, 3LP., 3Er. Added_ey, ILP-thq ayrof Brdol, te hS o Somerst-. shre, lir. ,awick B,,,ker,',1r. S, Cane, hr. 'WV. hiis MP.,iee,v,. Sydneoy Turner, the Bev. Cnoe Gizdl; ktone, Mr. C. B?atcliffe, nXr,,Glg,]Dr. ENnglis, Lee. Lord STMAky, having taken the cir, said,-Id3 'ad'Gentlemen,-'W' rare- iset here for the porpose of 'dis'utng theibject an-in'fir'a~ si Jit within ou r power,- of promotinig thie Vc,ause, bf.Svueenile.iefo,rmatories Tbere aie others, preset,,on this, platformn who may clafim; farreoro tta I can b;to] ae-takesasn early,.aoative . tpMrtiea, and a leadig part in this movement. They ! ifi 3ig /you;, as tell yUou a 7 }ht has been done; , aa s ifwassmy fortunte yesfrd*ad~sing a meeting, dot ndeejas namerous a7bs~ht,, wzhihlve etehonour to addxess mystelf ]sere,to d el1: somt -bgi%& i6 eh on the past and pres,ent history of thisv;ause, Is hau contett myrself nown wih only ao brief a- smma-as is absolutely nieedv!l i1 order tol ybeforeyo 'the present posciiono! this movement. In Engladnana Waler there -were, by the last returns, yearly, coM4g, under the hands or the ai_ abiout, :99,00W prisoners. -1f tioo the -number sat 'down-s juvenile offenders-that is to say, as being under i7fyearsw of ibeowi' Ao,tt-1;400'.i You ill not be 'a r. ong, aifng itinr,unuliers, i you say that our, yearly returaof criminals in lEngland and-Wa les ,$slO0,000, and -upon- that num1ier.-ie juvenile offenders are 77; per ceit. Nbwobs -of tha niumber it is sow in the sar.e return 'tViatabdut 4,000 are rccommAtalds-that is to say, they are 'ha'La n'eern --Ina-pson before.' int, besides the number so st down, it is a matter of everyday experience that a; very large annber, chging their xeidence, as vagruts and eriris do, fr6ntplse 'to pllaie, are officially ' rkruned s; being committed for 'the first time,; w hereas, in1 ~point.of facC, they. have ben-before under the hands of Ijiistide.' lirobably; a large percantage,- thereftore, must. be Iadded to the list of official recommittals. The nmber oE first offendersis t'heirfore, ina Uprobability, not-iaorethan one-half. f 'that yearly 11,500., I will not trouble you 'with the:dataon.which thewe calculations are founded, orgo tbrough the arguments by which theY are proved It i3 enough to say that those whose accuracy msy be relied upor and wi6 have iala the, greatest attention to the subject, te31 you that the number of juvenile offenders, eiclusira merelyoftrivloases, wherrearelormatoryisnotneoessarythe number that you *i' have yearly to deal with falls ibetween O000 and 3,000... Nor,,under the lawasit stands, i the utmost period for which juvenile offenders may be conimitted is five years; the majority, however, are not intended to Temin,- ad wm,ll nmot remin, in a refornmtory i scnhool rcr more than one-half to two-thirds of that period. You may take three years' as an average; and the calcula. tion is, if you- intend, this reformatory movement to be effectaly acnd properly carried ou.t, that you wi}llhave jsooner or - later to provide accommodation in these | schools for about 10,00 children at one time. The great difficulty which we have always met with in advocating this j cause of reformation is- the dhLut which many persons er- tertain as to thepossibility of reclaiming one who is frmed j and trained-to criminal habits. I think onr course has in some respcts suffered bj the mixing up of two question3 eiseitially andain theirnatures distinct. There are persons. many of them able tnen, al of them benevolent men-there are many, both of the present and of the last genera'ion, ia this -and in other coDnties-who have devoted their energies to the reformition of adult criminals sentenced to periods of imprisonment. God forbid that I should leai such benevolent persons. to despond in their endeaTours - that is not my purpose; but at the same time -we say-and none are more rTeady to 1dmit. it than those who themselves hive'tiaen jpart in such efforts-that' the difficulty of£ that task is far greater thaiz when you deal -with the young; -the proportion of success is. much smaller, the proportion of failures is much greater. *The difference between the two ea-es isnat erelyof oi dezree -1heyruffer altogether in their n3tures. :The.-adu,lt'cr'n7mi'l-cnewhio,after zaiving at man's estate, has habitualy and successfully practised a life of crimen-chn hardly do so .n entire ignorance of the moral character of his -pursuits, or of the opinion which society- has formed of him, Of course ignorance and bad training are. sdme excuse for hrm, but he must be to a certain extent criminal, in intention as well as in act. But our case isthat among javenile offenders there are manyin as- probability a large majority of the number-who, though criminal,, deeply 'criminain act, can hardly be said to be so in intention. (Cheers.) Various tables have been prepared with 'reference to this subject, differing a little from one another, but showing nealy similar results In one case it was shown that, of 100 criminals, 75 per cent., three-fourths of the whole, had been either diectly led into crime, or so neglected as that others had ani opportunity of leading them into crime, by their parents. Anothersimilar calcultion, mnade inSlanchester some years 0go, gave nine in ten of the criminals whose cassesereinvestigted as the children of dishonest, crimlinl, or profligate parents, and only 1O per cent., or one in ten of the namber,-as the-children of honest parents., Allthese figures and mnay snore, computations of the same character agree in this-that in crime, as in the analogous caseo.f pggpernim, there is a very-strong tendency to become herecutary; and tim inference we draw from that is, that there is a large proportion of the whole number of juvenile criminals who, are so.from circumstances and ,not from choicei whose organization, whosecharacter doesnotmoreindine theinto dishonesty than-does that of others who have never come under thesentence of thela-, but who from the arcident of their social position,- have never had the chance given them, from the tine of their birth, of obtaining their livelld byhonest_mean& They are known, they are merked-inthis places where they reside;honest children will not associate -with them, -respectable employers will not have anything to say to them, for another boy to be seen ith theu-is a stigma-a mark of not being respectable. That is their position; they grow up thieves, not berause they-want tabethieves, but becaue they have literally no option offered to thenm Now, you see at once, if we can make out that case-and 'we believe there is a mass of evidence to substMntiate' it-there is no reason to despair of the reformation of . three who are brought within our reach under-those circumstaees. , We do not want -to overstate o1rn case;' it is not,fair, and it never answers to do so. We quite agree that among the entire number there may be' -some who are wholly, or very nearly so, incorrigible. We quite admit the existence of such cases. Al we say-is, that they are the minority, and the csrable cases are the majority; and even:2s-reg9rds those who arS themselves incorrigible, wo conceive that a certain advantage is gained in placing them where they have not an opportunity of cor- ruptn'otheis. I rsayrepeat, -in passing, an instance, to'wmich~ alluded yesterday, of a lad, an inmate of a reformnahr3r, -who had traipcd, formed, educated to thievin. eight other ads; all of vwhom were expert thieves; so tbat evehin.the case of the incorrigible theris something gained whenmyou cia isolate them so that less criminal youths cannot come within- their inuence. (Cheers.) Criminality does not, :'ss we believe, !ollow the ordinary law of supply and demand; it does not at ill follow that, because you have i certain amount of property, and only a certain number-of police to gurrd it, -yon will always have a certain and-fixeda.mount of crnime. We believe-and the experience of at-least one-town where a reformatory has been for some time in active -operation confirms our opinion-that when you have oncea snuieeded is. clearing tho streets, as it were, of these regular;. trained; , educated criminals, you wldl find that the cases h'i crime with which you will have to deal in f uture wi bo 'fewer inmaimberand less diflicult to deal with in point of quality. -(Cheers.) Now, what has been the sectual subccess obtained it -re.ormatory institutions in our own and othercountries? hMettray. the greatreformatory of ranfice, has',recovered 89 per cent., and--of the 11 per cent. who .relapsed a certan -proportion were againin' the 'Svay of recovery., (Cheers.) There are many cases where relaPses are only temporaryeand the percentage they bear uponthe whole nuimber of boys should not therefore be a subject ofalarm ordisconragementtothe promoters of- ti movement. TYowieprobably'aware of the extent to which theLogislature has-taken up this movement, The law gives-13ower to thEe ma U-sto send boys, not exoeed- ing-16gersof age,-to reformaatdries fora period not ex-, ceeding five yea.; The State grants 5s.-weekly-ITL- 103, a-se for their support; It endeavours to recoverthat frn the parents, and by -theminute of last June large and libzal-assnstanceisaffordedin5ther shapes to those whodesire to set ui and carry on reformatoryf schools -The object of the Yationinluiformatosy Society is to'renderthe law pr actically ivailable. - W 'wantXt put its provisons in force, 'e want - to-assist- inathe establishkmenlt of ew reformatory schools- where ti: ey are need,d; we -want to give .fw cti&for comparing the variosmnethods in use at the different schools; -we *rast to furnish opportuniti'es for the discussion .of the 'genera subject; we'want, if changes in the law should h3: 3~quired,'todiscuss those chans';a which is mest losporhDta of .l,'.we- -wish to furnish to those inmates of reformatory-schools who incourse of time will lv e them a fair opportutnity of getting startin life- and of obtaining respectable employment. oud cheers.)- YWe have sometimes been --ask-ed- 'to-inctd o itheit-th escope_ of our operationa-o tho- othber -;subjeat of adult . refor.- Iht -X-oonfess~,.- eshoisld ' beunwilling' to -do. I -tath great importaice to-, keeping the two distinct I think if *e were to go beyond that line of oprations which we have immediately tracedbutifbr ourseves we should run 'some riskof dimhins-or r on utilty by, attemptingtoo much,- and by-c6mbiningg.theaaore :hopeful vwith the les hopeful cases, iati.ht, I wi ot say ineur the preludice, but to somt extent mi?ght-be heldaccountableforfalures,which ito tbthe oenttrpiseareinelvtable., (Cheers.) There may be a future field ofoperations open to. us in connexion witth that -wide'question ofindstrialsehoolfor -vagrant ckildren. It is a qitestion at presentTaterfor thelegiature than for 6oiety Thereforethouign'e gladyreciv in! ormatien aPd accept - disussion -upon it, '* e at present, so far practicl ltctioon'-is-coned onfine oules- rather to ases of tchcobls, refornsatorv' in tl;eir -ubrater,- -provided for CrQ- mnicl-chldrt n. ba dicuig i thi inbjeet thserere alrethee gcaepraAl fiXds-nderwhiEchR the-whoele inquir falls- -EirA, on weatonditions uin "w ht, manner are lirn tobe i,dmlt?dtodtreformnatolJ scbool Secdl,ondy on wat prne.- ~~ng #ham 0sehoa to be SOflUCtd?,~hZlibf~ OtMeto atetbeaeIoel,wh T late leceusoen4hef As to the brat qumbiee, WS te'V-had- here and lsewhere VSZe aineaiijpoitut dalgAg It.a Vw.9uaateafto ~eiiesi~sao~ia ML y theliwae4 Aiq&JataanAo SK7 th" 8I T. bee .ionvitik" elqf seus s4eformaskrys6hool--souIdaic i~~a~~~j cf- hi l t.' Thee s' mie of outrh f imd.-t~tJ - * t~~~ji MM6of tht 9& ioud tv b muad4 O lsW'y'saa but t.a it ahould -be lilt oioa . others who-bink AAn evq Ce a boy shod be xt at once to a refo ron hand,On `o is,onotel eS that tbere'sd r 2n einaenpb boyijaol of a&ffeg0iWti mind-with te id. thet he hairesv his allt iish mentlor lioffeace, ad is t£xsee taitldT Vibr 04 the superdd- detento . n^ o i oi ~ ~P&~d~ ~'tiora~ inL a xdormabt'wT i.l oka4 Iron s i° gr.t~ ^Ardshi that i' sti i t ntSxe stces oE. 2:s 1. On (055tO yi'}terrii wUgeh th sucsso period of sep te-cot eme2 e S me for rfletiOn,' ad- th Ce-g F ,into , ot,hr 1ey society- be amompaed wth hard bogw 'w ith a feeliuig of pleasre rahe than of pan If I'woee Ito eIljess any oplniOn of myr own iii, the snlbect wia. *B eh dowitge erence, I eM be 1ineh to ster n midale eourse,-to zppiy the prevos impris,; aentin some ases bt to lee at s an optional er | with th-mgstrts,itad lof, as at preeesct5 maksitsga compulsory onthemnto comniittoprison. tCheers.)Thene± branch of the subjectbrlates to theactal esunfI these wchool o are detaine foe per-iods varying fin woto veyesrs. They are taughabite of ard workad ins, dustnoocupsos;inae a cebing tole ae in otaerca , as the ShipEeformstoryatIverpool, taer: are prepa.edfor ser asta. ItEeld- Igti -ah an 5U0flhlp0int thitie istobelodgd-said*i edgen.il,S m thasuhipleet iM yplnlat n ner, go that,nohoes£ have lany an eto*esy, on behalf Of his- 9Wki ildrena scond3ition, the oouditiou of the convicted tid Thatisaupoint o*i l&Y9istrka; (0heehAnotVe fandanseziifal thtwbere yomnhave'la _icbibeZr boys tvhe ifam sy uea e i of asralociatin ogetzi;therent n re ethe4o-.lonie~s -$h ispE c nce o u se atatfmrone teasers ao at the-s sonja35ctho dercaln serlcnfinaueneao th a erinteI efi. moayf their effect, and his Personal teson erere over all Another important 2l = e binin parents, dwher-ever it is posaible,eitherf the whole or ad t he a ry ich Government p ysfreeo chutad Thsh sybtem puts a cofeskon pents woil, anxi Aou to ge zid ofthe r Pamityo an cili. estimtiorwand PouldseibilityOf fodtin the i chic fel5i E- meut tfrom amonx other- bein committed Ad ksent to-thea shnfl Another quesion, on-hgch to some extent ethre isadifference Of 4D-Ioc,eat-to the character of theul, atrUCtion to be hrei. I1 for ny-own h art, liold soat troegy, Is al way s e aeliny opinon mtost opealy, e eten;t le are bgo4ht to lie of ae P WsI' d oi' character. The objwctyona havein ewi e tual oj ebtyit is a morlo ovect. friendsto notad tate to say that, on the -hole, iwo i diravtai1 r*ther.than ,a herkefit if eany lisen yet wih iFd been trained inrfor matorems er to rser to sabovtir cos and become eminent mehSet. of I On woute not regret it on account of the borys the evs u ote iangr- Of exciting in' th minds of n p enes ad of envy as to the fate of teown offs-ring. tenm er.)s laof point -on -which ,! would touisa evi mpls question.,'What istobece of techidre nhfi aismal? There are varios method e in which the ervies nearly bae made avaale. There is thei Jeld -or di naag aultal ccpatforion ait,home; there are the colonres; -thr is the:chzA~ of. admip-sion into the :army and navy; And thre is the -merchant serice at seam n ow, what i say 9f bne of those outlets appies eualto. alhat you minssE take great cr not to introduce to them these criminalf eleonenrt in snch proportions- ton. ahe inslux --hall mbe noticed and made a subjedt of comment. Thgesgret rule you onust adopt is to scatter these cbllogia abroad as nuch as possible. Butif it 'were made fo practi,c-inthear, for my trnawih h; d splayof sue acpf centage should be composed of these cihminal, there-wof d he-a feeling that theprofesson was loweredinthe Dublin estimation, a.nd woula seriously affect ths chance of enlistmentc from among other cliass- We all know -what-has been the feeling l several of the colonies on the subjertof transportaion to their shores; it has been overdone,ia there is no so strong a feeling a a inst it ths great extent -we are debarred from. avefe orse s o t that stein of outlet.e A vauable T'as d e to-day lttinee, L-eadin colony, wheriendsto th s be foundc, agencies sould bee ablish ed. It theps practicabl%ebutI repatthatoreat csition excisd. (Cheers.) Whathabenccmlsd as yet 'with reald to thisa eformatory ovement? l am sorry to say,-if yote looe oacnual resultst, not muchrasyet. I ai sfraid there is a little misappreension, on this point. I beliee tlhe actual state of the cae to be this-thatothe number of lt-o in the reforinatory'does not exceed 600 or 700; the numberi of g pirs 100D ist u h; but the relts actu iy accomplished ap orall;tbora isa great deal doing; all -the countie, bof nearly all, are exerting themselves, well-informed t;diberi are caed for in alR directions, and it is 'with aview3o increasing the progress of the movement that thse meetinhst are held and that this society exists. a Cheersj nmust just add a word with Trefeeoeto another institution similfi& inridnd to ours, which caglsitBef thel caeformatoryand re,te UniDn. rhediffereneleetweenthtsocietynndoat sissetofts mode of operation. Itisestafi6donabasissomewhati-7re, sectarian thanos Our principle is usectarian. (Chloees Wie exclude no one on acunt of diversity of theolojia opinion; but, feeling as I dothat our real dangerin tht aue arises from. _pethy,. from indiffeene, and from neglect, I, for one, shee quare with no display of sectarian real out of this society, which may have the effect of advaning t Ie cause.- tCheers.) m The tw6 soietieswo6r ain s mren differing only in their methods of doin the nork m (Lou cheers.) I w ell just mention iefor, I asit down a triva d acident-hicht occurredyesterday, and w)Ich egret.w not unticl locuyeartwashreadat the meetingyoesfr. dahy containing soine remnarte-ithHeference to the differenIe of opinion bete thee nastwo-societie That docment wai printedhd bymietanaefronaoughdraught, and no from abpe copywhica was ultimstelyapproveanda adopte. fltconTeind some exprssons relating to that institution fhich dot- at al convey, our feeings on the subiect. Ti e two societies work odistictly, because they think- by so doing they can do more, and I shoul very tauch regret-that it should bexis - fen-ed that there is any 'hostility between us. (Cheers.) As to the assstance soe cia gin e to this movement, of coume pecunirey aid is important ; but there is another supportyoucnaffo rd,tamely,in thproviio,ndfor thoseb ioe who -w shortly be leaving the Rleformiatory. The N culty- of disposing of them does not press uponi us', but-we oughtt to tak-eesrly precaution to provide fori the necessity when it arises andl I would suggest that the best and most ic atdical serice 'which any one can render u is to ,'cpress a 'willingness-which they caudo by addressin-the secretary-to provideemnployment for, at least, one of the boys wno lhe- leaving our schonls. (Cheers.) I -ha laid before yon an outline of the subject -we have at heart, aud-I shall now listen. -sith pleasure to thos 'who have to bring beforetyou thie rasults of'aomuchearlier and much mored praticablv efeie winh co xit n w ivnth gthe movement thanmin hasbee. (he nblelordresnmehis seat amid ob-ervda that'he had neither an earlier, a m eite, i- s more practict l conexion with this MOt t th an th noble chairmans; hut he felt eanestly upon. it, and -Was manxious to do -wiat he could to forward ait. (Cheers.). It ias not until last year that any scheme was formed for uniting the efforts of all in one common cause and bringing them intofone commoncentre. -Hecould not, injustice;L6 the history of their cause, pass by a fact to -which the noble lord had alluded, and whinch might At first sihtapr painful, hbit which wabs a matter for congvraiatioae ad eno-uragement. -At the time of the ation of mthls society there s w another society in London having - miear objec and it was, in the frst instance, cosddered a iere 'wasfe o hforce that two societies should exist. it asha, therefor, endeavoured tDforon- a union betweeis them h ut that was soon found to be isipracticable; in consmeu ece of the society in London baving -Ireo -to coi their efforts to a sinle class of the Christian commnunity. Bighly repcing their-motive.s, and wishing ~Well tc, thle cause they hadundertAcen, stil it was felt that'this society mould beaindoning the)object it hadin vid e if it -were to adopt the -orinciple of exclusion whech had -lieei sactioned by the Llindon society. ae wa very anxious not to be misunderstood on thisoint; or that it should be thought that this society wis insnsinble to the all-important necessity of religion. li.eligion mnust be the teacher's motivd f6r his self-denying liffe; religiedi must be the inspiring geisad spirt Of -his tecing; reTOgion iaust in :realitr be te sol cause, of - the ' pupil's cure. WMithout -it Ithe best midhinery andl the.' best orgnsd-tf would inevitably frail; with it, an illogaafie tU mid an inferiDr intellect might often succeednetrwa he 'wilin tdoccept the imsptation t-hat thergaddwt lees eanestess than-thobew-who took anohr ouainti matte-the rincples of their own -faith.Thywr:a adotedadffeen prncplefo thirguidance. But the desre f-SIz sciey as hatth-sa rndig-of Chriattse- shuldnot prevntte recigfo alfe-fmsr here, and a Ife of woleeftr h heathen'hnte were rearing upin teir atreeta.1re ddnotthmkteeee that in adopting the comare the societylhad done, thywe shwngaylac of -regard for religion~, or"ta he wr traitors o te cause,they served.. (Cheers.) ThernN chaiman had - observed, that the'two societies weri ~nqt rivals-, but rather colleagues in the saoano cause. The two -societies 3moved in different paths and had dlifferent spheres ofatin-Te e u&eThion had been.mainly suppoits byaprioate cThrit -wi utp n i rm oe et succour the outcat boys mnthe steets; it hadless coniserion wi th reformatory institutio t s thn t'his- society, -ad its sphere of action was mainly in London, -when thZ a,houi it sought to succour were exposed to many dangers - from whichthe more rural r etreats wereef It had sohappenedthat most of those friends of thie reformatory systea wvho wereaiiembera of Parliament belobnged to their socievy, and consequently one great task-And one 'which would f-rn the mEin-part of their efforta-would be to prees upek the LegIslatoe, at all needful conjunctures, those ehowigo and inprovements that were- neemary.- It mnst never -be tho#lit that theyhad got all f:rom the Igslxturtwhicla -they reuied here'weremanTquestionsofvitalinnortinoe which thesocietvwoudbecalledupon to disel andwhich tUie I.igsaturewronldhavetoentertin, snd in the debeates on -which they would be glad to, receive information friom those qualiffed. to give it. There was the question of pielisinary punishment, the question of apprentioehip the question of eduction, and thb queition conpectedo with nefumishing outfit for those who had passed tei tiue inrefornantoy lool;aiad, above all, the question. of admitting to reformatory schools those who had not beu coi-Vited of crime, blnt who 'wer found vagrans inu the stiets. Those were question3 wrhich mist before long attract-the aittention -of, vand seek aebstion-from, the I-e ;iaiue The last qc.nion 'wsone of anu importncec wrhich -could not bie overratd-- At preset -the magstrate hsa ane liower to aeize idmildren wrho had not coinmitted any crime., But it should lie remnembered that manan of thoec children who had not yet been convicded ofimerealmoet of beingled nothe miaioei oE it, in the cut eo ItIu pareet who.had hJ their neglect ,nearly acrificed all tleir parental ril rt,hcu; ho uttise socieit 'wo
£:B LAT13 FATAI COLLIRY- -ACCIDET-. SOUTH WALES.. - rPONTYMBFJ, AUG. 22. i Theprotracted inqury into,the causo of the late diss tstous explosion of firedasnp.'athJfee CysmnmerColliery, in Glamosganshire, has atlength been,brooght-to a close.. The greatestinteres in the ivestigation appears' to have been takenby the colliers of the.distflct,'whQ itt-ended the in*lnest in large bedies .day by day.- - Mfany of-the oirnerd end managers of.he.meros coal-snines in Sonth TWales have also been present^ and several legalgentlemen have attended to watch the proeeedings -o'behalf of. te proprietor of the colliery andof the friendso'f the'deceased.;. The evidence having been completed at midday yesterday, it was agreed to adjourn for a ahort time, and then to pro. ceed with the summing p, -The Court resumed.shortly after2o'dlock, and... The Coroner'at 6ncoproceeded to'gumup. He pointed out to the jury theimportance of the invesigatioisn,ed the chief questions which they were cilled upon to decide, . In the first plce, it wTs left to them to say wh6ther the unfortanate deceased had died through an accidental explosion of firedasp, or:whether the. explosion which had terminatZso fataly had been occasioned by the carelessness or negligence of any- person or- persons intrusted with the control and management of the pit.. ' if they were of oDinion that the explosion was one of those unforeseen casualties which necessarily attended all mining operatibns, however serious the consequences might have been, it would be their duty to return a verdict . of. accidental: death-; but if they, believed that it hid arisen from the, cai-e-' lessness and negligence of the owner, 'manager, overman, or firemen, or any other gerson hlaving dutics to perform in the mine, it would be their duty to find. averdict of manslaughter, in order Athat the matter might be nvestigated elsewhere,-and the suppo3ed offenders.trie, for the offence, In order to- enable-the jux'- to arrive at a proper decision, he thofight it necessary to -impress upon them the factthat, as a point of law, if any man too upon himself an office or duty requiring skill an& care, 'nd yet by carelessness or negligence permitted an accident to qccur by which a death ensued, such person w^uld be guilty ¢f manslaughter. Hethencalledattenliontothe rules of the Cymmner Pit, by the first of which the duties of the mwager were defmed. These duties required him to take thc re sponsible charge of the mine: and woik and then directron of all per-sons employed inl or about them. IFullpowecr was' given to himt, and he Yias reuyx-d to czarry out w hatever he rmighe consider necessary for safetyJ anwd for tendering effectiye the general and spcecial rules. -He wyas also to take care that ther-e was a sufficient number of competent agents to superintend the mine, machinery, and worknen, and it was hIs duty to see that they clearlyulderstood and were attentive to their respective duties. Iu addition, it was his datyto lay out the ventilation of the minen to make due provision for removing all noxious gases, to take especial care that the generairules were attended to,and to see that the worlmen -were made acquainted with them by causing them to be read over when desirable. It would now be for the jury to say how far the duties thus defined inthe ruleshadbeenperforsnedbythemanger. Theo.oneor here read the rules which referred to the overmen, deputies, and other underground agents, together with those affecting the wo.kmen themselves, and then proceeded to comment upon the facts of the case and the natur-e of tfe evidence. He believed that the evidence very strongly affected several of the persons holding responsible positions in the colliery. It was,7however, for the jury to say how far the duties of those persons were dstinctly defined, and whether r- not they had been violated. Before the conclusion of the summing up Mlr. James, the solicitor for the proprietor of the colliery, handed in the following document, which may be considered the defence of the persona ntrusted with the management of. the mnine " The manager maintains that he had a right to perform the duties of the first saecial rule by what he believed to be proper agents. "M hlorgan lRowlands maintains that, on finding gas in a stall of a morning, all hehadto dow.asto act under`re 14 (requiring thatcross timbers indicating dangershould be putushad already doneso. Hen-lso conrepcort to the manager,-and'the deputy to the overman, all accidents, dangers, or defects -which occur in the mine) does not apply to merely finding gas in a stall of a r70rning, hut only to such, dangers as threatened some large d.irrict of the work of sufficient importane to render it r,eessary that the head manager should know. " Iowlowldowlands maintains that, not being informed of the danger, there has been no rule broken by hini." The jury retired for the purpose of considering their verdict at a quarter past 3 o'clock, and returned at half-pas' 4. The Foreman said,-Scventeen of the jury are of opinion that the explosnon in theOldPitatCymmer,whichowcurred on the 15th of July, whereby Thomas lewis and 113 other men lost their lives, was caused by the negligence of Jabez Thomas, the manager, Rowland Rowlands, the overman, and Morgan Bowlands, David Jones, and William Thomas, the firemen. They therefore found a verdict against those persons of manslaughter. [The dissentient juryman was said to be now a fireman in the pit in which the explosion occurred.] Tlh Coroner said, he did not see how ths jury coldd have come to any other conclusion. Mr. Owen, on behalf of the worldng colLiers, thanked the Coroner and Mr. Poulden, the Government assessor, for the pains which they had taken in conducting the investigation, and this protracted inquiry was then brought to a close.
THE GAZE IN THE CHA.NBEL. Sine ritngyeteray -BRIGRFION, flunxv. Since writing yeste-day, Strong fears were entertained for the safety ef a boat and her crew, which, it appears, bad. not been haeard of during Thursday, but which ca3use, ashore at Brighton about 8 o'clock isn the evening, there being thousands of persons on the beach to hail her safe arnvaL The crew-Jbhn Smith, master-had encountered great risks; but it seems they had been detained at sea in the endeavour to find their nets. The damage done to boats and loss of nets, &c., is estimated at considerably over 1,0001.; and, as this loss has to be borne in a great measure by the podrfishermen-finany of the masters being only worklig men-it is to be hoped that steps will be taken, by subscription, to make good thb loss, but more partcularly so in the case of the widows and orphans who are left entirely destitute. Active steps have been taken to secure the nets. but those which have been picked up are almost uEeless Siaps also have been taken to fnd the missing bodies, it being suipposed that some might have been washed awyy with the nets and embedded i the rocks. Up to 4 o'clock only one body had been found (that of the younger Grenyar), it having been washed ashore -near to N ewnayen..- One circumstance conneoted with the stormi imprcisses the belief that its effects must have been felt by some Larger vessh, or n Tursdy mmmaa sallboat, with three or fourmen iorn Ther,was seenoffland, going seaward, the tea at the time being too rough to attempt to Land, and- it is suppose dthat they ha discoveredsomeahip which had been
Dzn.-m To TME GUARDS AT T RoYAL 8umtny GARDmmS-The- dinner to be given to the Guaerds qn their return from the Crimea takes place on -Monday next. The arrangements aie as follows :-The Grenadiers, raumber 739 mien, wBi maarcha from their barraks i -i Birdcage Walk, over Westminster-big,past the -.Iepliant and Castle, by the Waiwortha-road, up Amielia-street, to the Gardens. The Fusileers, numbering 708 mu6u, will miarch from their barrcks at Charing-cross, over Wateroob 'dge following the Grenadfiers from the Elephant and Casle The Coldstreams, numbering 562 mqn, will mnarch from the Tower, over.London.hridge, by ~he Elephant and. Castle, andl the same route thence to the Gardens. The total number of non-co-mmasioned officers and privates is 2,009, all wearing medals. They will arrive at thpe Royal Surrey Gtardens at a quarter to 2 o'clock, and enter by the usgalenttrance. Au equalnumber of each regimtnbw5llfil the ball, and take their p laces at the tables ; the rebnainder will occupy the tables plce infoto h uli-under eawnaVW=. While, tle mien are takdng their -places the drams and fifes wfil play the "1Roast Beef of.'Oid Es'glaxid," and t'he hands of the three regiments will station themselves in the orc'hestr. flurinzar dnor-he bands will play appro prsi mui. The) chrliiill b4-fllled. by SeigealtMajor Ndwsrds,the; senior Sefe~antmMajor of the Guards land the oldest solicer in the arm, and MAr. Hark-er will offciate as volunteer toastmaster. Te sbldiers wfil then fileiD ff 'into the gardens, and the music-iall will be, cleared of5all visitors in order to preparn for the concert. Amuseuieiits of various kinds will be found inL the gardens t4 occupy two hours. WhenL ready to comnmence t4e- concert, the soldiers will be marched - into the -h.A'l the cen're of which will be specially reserved for them. 3L Juilenes band will perform-a niumber of pieces- arranged for the occasion, -and conducted by him, and the bands of the Guards wit give their valuable services to eiahlince the cefect. After th'cobfiert the soldiers wil be place4 on the krtsend-between-th hall saad th6 lake, and a- grand dily of fireworks, with. -uit4ble devices, wiltk '.- the soldiers will,then be--mirtered--aZd marched hoilie at 9 o'clock. The scn act of the concert will theni be performed, and afterwards -a -XnaZe -of rockets andhl6fty fieworks will concluade thLe samnsements-- The dinner -provided -for the-men wil comprise meats,--meat, pies,' salads; tarts, KPlum puddin ad fruits, -with other accessories. A-bottle of tot wllbe upp ledto -each man,,i bottle of e4timpagne to vey tre me fr-te-oass,and,each-man wM i ve a Paskn hs ben apoitedJunior SurpplesiientayCeki the oar ofTrad.-lnHerbert Suft hasen potd SenirCIeic, TheAdmiralty (Departent of ti ccut ant-General of the Navy)-M5r. en ` Ctlr, Acting First Class Clerk of 1856., lim -been appointed First-Class-Clerk,ae,cond section, rice Apleton, retired. - Mir. Jamesilledale, Second Class; Clerke 12385 has been appointed ActinFirs Class-Clerk. M-f. -Jiames Anderson, Acting Seconda Class Clerk of 1854, has been appointed Secbnd Class Cle~. 'Thao Poreigha!)opirtment.-~The -iVice-Cousulate - at ' Tarsus, Syria, ha been i rendered -tacant i by -the- deatls~ of M1r. Clapperton ;- salary, 2501.- The-War DeWPaten.I_. A-vacancy ina-the-second-cLaas-o)f-clerkslmatte EOrsd(lard's habeziawed bythd,death of Mx. RobertD)owsen'. Coastgaard.-LieutenanttliRo Hon. 0. -N. 3L L ambeit 7le a!piointed to comrnand the-PiVVe -Dee p ttiu riC (A Hire, appoint-ed to, a'n inspection.- -lieutenant G. T.- S.- 'Winthri cheoftron'bto tShoreliansm~-ex onis M. r C Hdoil a en ponedScn AxOTHEcs'~kL~Te; - fllowing- a nethe
- QENTRAZ CRIMINAL VOURT,-Af. 2%--. OT.1>. vnn-rR .,, - - (Before Mr. Baron MiAPsT.) Lewis Boln, 25, lace iaker, A ste Freitang, 32 ,pholsterer, and Cha>les Thompson, 32) stonemason, three Germans,-formerly belonging to thie Geiman Legiion, -were indicted for feloniously havinlg in their possession a; p-s a copperplate, and certain blocks, stones, yae r, and othef~ artcleB calculated -to engrave forged.; Bank of Englan notes. r. EHuddleston and Me; Bayley'conducted4f -e4ution on beha of tho BaAof gnglsnd The prisoners were. undefended. -Thyv eBrcwL- tih right Of being tried by a jury partly col, rx, TOf fo'im-ors, .and. sin foreigners were accordingly swvoih upon twhe jur' A number of witnesses wereersainiled. :t ~part-tethe~ prosecution, but the regl facts of the case lar in a iey narz row compass It appeared that on the ateroon of the 12th of Augusb four detective officers of the city policd -named-Spittel, Hcggins, FanmieU-and Knight, lroceeded, in consequence of information they had received,, t No. 42, Berners-street, Commercial:road.east,' an uponarrvinr at the house two of the officers: forced their waythrongEthe window on the ground floor, and ihe other two entered the same room by the door. The three priponers were in the room, al of them with their cats off, and Thompson and reitang were standing close by A press, auparently engaged in doing soniething with- it, and Bohn wcs - lying upon the bed. Having secured the prisoners, a search was made in the room, and the officers found a- copperplate on which was engravedaportion bfaBankofEnglandnote, some printing ink, gum, blocks, a number of nietl 'gures, and also a quantity of paper waved -in a -similar. mannertb genuine bsanknote paper, and a porton of it had, the-words"Bank of England"' and "Xive" impressed upon it by-a sort of 'watermaxk. It was proved that- the 'rison6rs had lived together at other lodgings, and it was shown thit they were all on intimate terms, and it appeared that they hd. jointlyengagedthelodgingwherethe articles mentioned were found, and the evidence also left very little doubt that the prisoners had bean rsaking use of some of the articles -found in the room. Each of the prisoners addressed the jury iin German, and they all asserted their innocence, and said that their'object in coming to this country was to be of service to it by hg coming members-of the Germau Legion, and. not with any tention to commit a fraud of so serious a character-as the onowith which they were charged. They also endeavoured, aith a good deal of ingenuity, to show that the artices found bythepolicewereinnocently in their:possession, and declared that they had been given to them by one of their countrymen nramed Ul1ric, as security for 41., which one ofthe prisoners represented he had lent to hima. The learned JUDGE having s,mmed up the evidence, The jury almost immediately returned a verdict of Guilly againt all the prisoners. - Mr. H UDDLEsroT sid that the prisoner Thompson was tried at the recent assizes at-Guildford for uttering a forged 51.-note which'he heldin his hand, and. which appeared toloean impression taken from the plate found inthe room in Berners-street. -. ' Baron 3A"n, in an angry tone, said he did not want any suich information. He should only punish the prisoners for the offence of 'which they were convicted. Mr. HUDDLeSTO; said he really thought he was justified in giving the Courtthe information in his possessionrelatingto the prisoners. Baron t-Rn said, he should only consider the caseon which a conviction had taken place; and lhe then addressed the prisoners, and, having observed upon the very serious nature of the offence, concluded by sentencing them to six years penal servitude. - John Dumont, 23, another discharged soldier from the German Leion, Was charged with uttering a forged 5t. Bank of England note. In this case it appeared that the prisoner went into the shop of My, Wilson, 'a boot and shoemaker, in the Whitechapel-road, and bargained for a pair of boots, and tendeeed in payment' what appeared to be a 51. Bank of England note. This was immediatelydetected to-be-a forgery, and the prisoner was detained in the shop by some encuse 'while a policeman was being sent for. He became very much agitated during the delay, and repeatedly wanted to leave the shop, saying that he would cal sgain for his change, and he at length, while MIr. Wilson?s back was turned for a moment, went out of the snop, and was waldking rapidly away, but r. Wilson ran after him and brought him back. The prisoner was shownto bave been connected. with the three prisoners convicted in the former case,. The jury returned. a-verdict of Guilty. Baron MlABSnX sentenced the prisoner to be kept to hard labour for one year. William Summers, 'who was convicted of a simailar offence -namely, uttenng a forged 5I.-note-was then brought up - for judment, and sentenced to four years' penal servitude. VilliamE eeman, who pleaded "Guilty" to four indictments charging him with uttering forged notes, 'was sen. tenceJ to six vears' penal servitude. HIs LORDSkI, in passing sentence upon these p}isoners, observed that, from correspondence -that he ihad had an opportunity of seein, it appear-ed-that there vas a regular system adopted by the makers of these forgedauotes to-get - thesucirculated in the country, and special instructions were given to the utterers of the notes as to the persons wvho wero most likelv to take them, and he found that. country butchers were pointed out as the nost likely to do so. Whether this arose from a supposition thatthey were in the habit of having large transactions -with farmers and others in the purchase of stock, andi that notes readily-passed between such parties, he could not say, but it beWhoed. all. persons in the country, and particularly those belonging to the trade he referred,to, to be very careful in their dealmigs with notes with strangers. Tonquin Savilla, the prisoner who was convicted on Wednesday of having in his possession engraved plates for the purpose of forging bonds of the Peruvian Republic,was brought up for judgment, and sentenced to be transported for 14 years, John Laho, 39, who had pleaded " Guilty" to a charge of forgery, was also brought up. It appeared that a companion of the prisoner had pickedup a dividend. warrant of the South-Eastern Rbilway Coin, pany that had been lost, and the prisoneryplaced the name and address of the petson entitled to the dividend upon,the warrant anid presented it at the banker's. The prisoner was sentenced to three nionths' imprisonment with hard labour. Joseph Frangois Gobell, 38, a Frenchman, was - indictd for cutting and wounding Daniel I.ivingstone. The prosecutor in this case did usot appear, and. accordin,g to the evidence there 'was a quarrel ana -ishrbace in the New-road, and. the prisoner was seen to stab the prosecutor witha knife in his shoulder and thigh. None of the witnesses knew the prosecutor, and there was no evidence to prove that his name was David Livingstone. - =aronM w said, that in the absence of proof of the namne of the prosecutor there was an end of the case. Iord Cardiganwas acquitted. by the House of Lords on the same ground, and the prisoner was entitled' to the benefit of it. The jury, therefore, under his Lordship's direction, returned averdict ofHofc Guilty. - Charles Willian Norman, 39, was indicted for felonionsly omuitting and neglecting to surrender at the Court of Bank. ruptcy in the days limited for his a!pearing to pass his exas. mination after he had been ad a bankrut . Mfr. Sergeant Parry appeared specially, with ]r. Lilley, to conduct the pro§ecutson the prisoner was defended by Mr. Robinson. It appeared that the pisoni had carried on the business of a tailor's trimiung seller in Shoreditch, and that he was adjudged. a bankrnpton the 27th of July, 1854; and Mr. Commissioner Holroyd issued a saummons directing him to appear at the Court of Bankruptcy onthe following ;19bh of August and 19th of September, to be examined-touqh'g his estate and effects. The prisoner, it appeared, a =hot-, time before his bankruptcy had. sold the whole of his re- maining stock, the cost price of which was 3001., to a Jew: for 2 - and he then.: left the country and proceeded to - Austr.lia, and remained at Melbournn for two years, wyhen he returned to this country. Proceedings had in the mean. time been taken against him by direction of Mr. Commissioner Holroyd,-and he was taken into custody on the present charge. It'was:elicited by Mr. Robinson,in--favour of the -risoner, that the whole amnount of the debts proved uader the prisoner's bankruptcy was only 1201., and upon his return to this country it 'appeared that be mmedi%tely communicated with Isis creditors, and stated that he expected to get a- situation, and he offeired. to give cupo half his salary until his debts should. have been p aid in fulL. Mr. LoasIrsoy took some technical obojectibns to the form -of the indictmeit, which were overruled, and tbe learned counsel then said he could not- struggle with the facts, and he maust leave the prissner in the hands of the Court. The jury then returned a verdict of Guiuy., Mr. Downe, one of the petitioningcreditors recommended the prisoner to the merciful consideration of the Court, : - Charles Arnold, who had also been convicted of not surrendering after having been adjudged a,bankrat,t was4then brought up, and both prisoners were sentenced to be im prisoned for three months. - ::: -- James Rai7ton, the stockbroker wyho uleaded "GSushy" to -a charge of forgig a transer of stek on the books of the Bank of England, was also pLaced at the bar to receive judgment. * - ' ElHe'was sentencd to be traiisprted forlS yc This concl.uded the businless of the session, .and the Con.t- hen adjourned to Monday, September15 - - SEW COURT. - (Bcfore the Co2moN SDR3RAn-,u) 337ma Stephenson, a respectahl70looldng vornan, Er-- rendered to take her trial for per3ury. Mr. Serjeant Ballantine an Mfr. Sleigh prosecuted; W. Robinson defended, A s - TIhe circumstances giving rise to this indictment were these :-Defendant istthe wife of a builder, who, in 154, took possession of a house in Devonshire-terrace, ensington, and at that time a lady nmed Palmer lived in the house, And continued to do so down to May, 855. She bad possession of alumber roomn, -which duingher tenancy was. broken open and somoef the property stolen, ad' among it three cbina cups-which -had been wrpped upin a pair of chintz curtains. - The perpetrators of tLheft were not discovered. Mrs.Palmer, hvingsuspicionsthattheftha&bhen committed by some onern the house, got one of bee daugh-. ters,- sometimeafter&e -had left; to.call.upon the defend ant, under the pretext of lookdng at lodgings, which she d,id, vnd then saw the curtains in question inm use, andc the, cups: and some other.articles which.had been n missed in tho possesioonof defendant; -upon which she.caused her to be taken, in custody, and she was taken to- tho. HamersM!itpolico-c6urt, where 'it was tworn-that the curtains did not belong -to hirs.Palmer, and -AiaZi ' e other, thags, .*hIch were of- very Aifling - Ie, h6d- bedu le.- .behind - .-a - cupboard. - -These ! ';h . Mgis-trte -: rected to bo given aup,:anddismissed tlie sc,- upon which Mr. Stephenson brougt-tn actioufor talst ip=risonmeut and the present eefend,t te gtve evidence, and sMo.e among other th fiitwA i sh'abe te atthe poLce- court blypth -ting-hga-been-left behindlin-acupbord-here sheb-found- them, and the result was, that thesury found for Mr. Stekhenson, with damagoei 10 otherpam Of 'her. evdeoin. smnn pvonrtof the satement a thel fiie g2ry *SThevli&clses were called, l2een' 't geitbeIcd ib 1 2 L Pamert 'The eie The startem t forte-ol t voman,n resz.fter . e9n eeu aness'o h ~fn tA'eror'~Jforbigxmy.~- .i2e faet~ io the ease Lave appeared during the yrserot weq h the police re-,'kori. _ fr. Cooper defended. z'aa clesrly proved that the prisoner,. at the time of the - eecqnd.m.rnage, had not seen or heard of ber husband for eight'yeas, and had good reascn to. thinkhi had been: Shn3was thereupon Acquotdd. and left the.oux 'with hef first iiwbsa.d, to whom- she had retrned. . - .TH.IRD COURT. , ,,: 2ore 3rs.. II FRbASTi, Q.C. y fln, 23c cabnant' at ndictedtr obtaining mnder false,prete,nces a gelding, valued at 212., the property of Jabez Samintel flower, with intent to defriud him. d r. orzide anad Mr. Sleiglh prosqdated; 'and fr. IILey defended. It appeard that upolthe'6th of this'morfththe prisoner' called at the prosecutor's repository, 'in Barbican and'asked about -a horse, .'stating bniself to be a corn-dealer ini Stiitton-ground, Wertdiinste. HEaving selecttd one, a mantwirasent.'home 'with'tle;horse,'the prsoner actom- panying. Upon arriving at Strutton-ground the-prisonerwent into the shop of M5fr.' Jackoon, adI4 asked for the -key of thestabl, and taing the hoise "dhianto th 'rear .of M. Jacksor,s isaid'ti the' stable werelis. Hle thett told the man to put-the horse u -which being done, he. gave the mant half.aec'own; tclling'him to wait thee' The' *prisoner then weont back tnl the stable:s, a nd theia sa^w aim mount t.he hors mand ride away. .ponmahig inq'eires of Mr. Jacko4n it was found thati'thesprisoner -whowas only slightly haowvniToOr. Jackson, had asked him as a favour to permit the horse, t be put into his stable for half an ho the.pronert nextd y, sold the horset a cab proprietor namedBattle, for9L The jury ConikWe the.prisinei,-wio was sentenced ttosiz -months' impfrisonment. Richard Dickenson,' 20, soldier; iid George -Toll 2 labourer, .were indieted for- ilful and corrunt p%r^y before Mr. J. l. Fr 0, on a ch3g of- felof a st Godfrey Booker. Mr.Sleigh prosecuted. 'The prisoner Toll pleaded "Guilty," abd& -the: other prisner, whfo belongs to the - nilitia, sand appiared' in uniform, was undefended.,, He was one. of those members of militi who had been ixi the rnimea,' -ad!wore .~the medal and decorations. ' 'r 'It appeared from the depositionsred bythecl'eIek to. the magistrats for Beyton that uponthe 4thof Augnst the. - prisonerflickenebn appeared before that benchand-preferred . a chargo: of felony against-man, named3Booker. for,4vingl robbed him of 5b He saidhe had receive; oupon .the 2d of A&gust, and that upon, thAt night he :slept iat :the Hings Head,- leyton, and that the manABoolIer,ethen under char"e, slept in the same roomL- that duting-the night Booker came and got into ris (Dickensonls) bed; that Booker got up early and took his -Money, and ran out of the hoase, he (Dickenson) following 'him to Kingland. Not meetmg a policeman all theway, and'seeingBooker enter a house there, he called a constable and gave him in charge. he also alled rToli who i*as potdy,_ to prove that he had seen him upckenson)i possesshon of tha mones up,on the SatIrday night Upn this Boker was locked up d remanded, hutfinally thefnitin, of the parge being established, Booker waw s ischarged, aii thio s t ase sent for triaL.. , .- - -Booker, a- most respectable-1ooking man, was nowg.-examinied. He said hewas a earrier Lving iri Axr:pdl-cottages, Xiugsland. Uipon Saturday, the 2a of A'ugut, lie was at althead stoe , whereo he met the pmsoner, who told him that he had no money, upon which he troategt him, and prisoner had an opportunity of seeing that he had s-5 : in hs poson. He slept that night'at the eirigs Hnad,. nndthe nert morning wased home to Kingaand, the prisoner Dickensonwalking'with him inthemost'friendlway. After he had boen home some short timo, Dickensonie came and gaey himin charge to an oficer- whom he brought in, -and said that the money -found' span him.wrH s his (flicleenson's).; Eo had never gone to'prisonerls .bedas-pris - saner alleged. ' '- ' ' '- ; - ' Thepinsoner Tollawexamined; and said-thathewsto -have part of the money for maing the statement lie- dih' before the magistrates.- . : ' - .- It was show,n thai the prisoner had not rec'eived anymoney upon that dayr,and apohice'constnble p roved -hat upon the Sundaynmoining hesa,w prisoner and prosecutor 'wall"u'along, an4 they s;pokre to him. - The Jury instantly retured a verdict of GuiZt. j - The COsrsrsoimZ said,?-thezcaso 'was one of thq most surorising and shockiag .that heaever heard. He thaen :sontenced Dickenson to 32and Toll to sixmonths' imrison-- ment and hard labour.. -; -. - ,. - This concluded the-businesssiofthesessign.
SUMBIER ASSIZ=. MIRTIr Cmctjr. IIVERPOOL UG. 2.- * e~ey nijunDext, agCd. ~38, wtfas -indicted for the wilful muxrderoffDaniel Mlulle- Mr h.sband, .ItBolton on the 2d!$tTuy 1ast, byPO'soning bimi with 'small dbses ox 7±-I. Overend, q.X., anu aur. nowier presecuzen, anL ;Ur. e.1jeant Widzns and Mxr.-Torr defenad the prisoner,. ,he T risonersppearead mthe dock respectably-dressed ia 'esdc's aweeds, nnd is a sailow, ill4lmaldng woman. - -he learned odunsel forAhe. prcseoution, in opening the case, stated the facts, whioh are given in detail in the evidence. The deceaed mn was aloirdaaler and kept a shop at Bolton, and he-andn-is-vifa appeared to livs on bad term. lie cccasionly get drun}k for two or three, days together, and these drunken -fits were, apparently cansedby jeaolws s spicicns on h-is paA, of some other msn On tho 5th ofJune last he 'weai to.- pablickoese from this- caums -nnd-got-drunk aud qnaerelled violently with his .ife. After that his wife Qdministered to him- a. powdor- formed of scstimeny and crean of tartar5 and 7hich appered to be sold s5. some shops in Bolton under the atme 9~f "-qhielaere for thfe 1urpse of being given to dranken "m'n, the -effect of which was to make the-erenken man Vw ' iC and to prostrate .Ths podra had been repatedly _ given -nby the prinoner to her hushe.d. in h4qsfood fef 'mmee tme 'before, nd lId inde liim ill, and the serv th_Irls suspidons laving been ercited by her having been sent for the powder, and liavinag seen it given to her m3aster in, his food o various occasions, she took meares to get sotne4f the ,powder. On one occasion when theo prisoner Was drunk she-searched her peciet, and found a white powder wrapped up in paper in at. On another occasion she'saw tho-prisoner inx. somoe in the deceased's ten, and aLo in his medicine. Sbe contrived 'to preserve them andshowthemi to the doctor who attended Lim, -and they were foun d to-contain antimony. The man dled fron tho effec's of antimony, whicli wasjound in his system after death. The motives fQr the crinje assigned 'were, tbat she did not live hapnily with her -husband, and was ca ng cn an improper co'nnadon with another man, and also that her husband's life -was insured for 100Z The following witnesses were caled, who proved these facts Mary Ann Hutton stiled that she was 23 years of age, and was in the servioe of Daniel M?Mullon, of Moor-lane, Bolton, flour-dealer, for mnie months. He and her mistress attended to the shop. He was about 44 years of age, and was a man of. quiet disposition. He was- drunk three times whils she was there. The lest time was three *eeks before he died, on the 7th ofJune.- Bach time he was three days drink. He got drunk o Saturday aight, and remainee drcnk til WVedntesday. H Be dieh on Wveanesdaj; the 2d of July. Ho mindcd--his--shop-.business till his death. He was taken ill the. Saturday before he died.L Mr. Lorien and Dr. Chadwick were called in to see him. The deceased -and his wife lived very disagreeably together, continually quamrlling. The last time they quarrelled was on the 7th of June. Her mistress came into the kitchen and also her master, and her master,askod her whether it was afterwitness or her mistre-s that a man was coming who was looking in at the shop window, and her mistress said, "he was not coming after her or she would have asked him in-" Her master waited some time to see if he would go, and he did not, and then her master went straight to the alehouse. She had seen that man often before with her mistress; her mistress asked him into the shop when her master was out, and'sometimes asked him into the kitchen. Her master came in about n e'clock, ad went into the shop. As soon asherunaster came her mistress told her she would go to Peter's, and told witness to te'l her master she had gone for a loaf. She was absent half an hour. Peter was the name of the man who, looked in at the shop window. He was. a married nian. Her master went out again before she came back. aler mistress then came ia end sat and smoked, and went out again, as she said, to seek for the master. She retorlned again and asked witness to go and seek for him, and she refused to go alone. She and her mistress then went to the Archdule public-house to find him. They found him there. Her mistress struck hitn, and ho strac' her again. They fought, and her mistress seized a knife, an-d threw it at him, and it struck him on the wrist and cut him, and he struck her for that. He then threw a roling-pin at him, and it missed him. They remained there til 3 oclock. Both her master and mistress wero drunk. They then all went home, and on the way her mistress screamed out, and fell and cut her face, and her master said he would not bear it, and left her. The master was seated on the steps of the house when they got there. They all went into the house, and she then washed her mistress ancd searched her pockets. She was very drunk. In her pocket she found a paper with a powder in it. She tooe half the powder out and pu7t it in paper, and kept it in her pocket. She gave it to Theresa Fitzgerald, who kept It a fortnight, and returned it to her, and she gave it to a woman named Hiton, to show it to the doctor. About three months before her master's death sbe saw her mistress take a white paper out of her pocket, and take oaut of it a white powder, which she put into a basin, and she then put bro.h into the bsin and left it for her master. Her master was not then drunk, and had not been. She could Lot say whether he was sick then. She saw her mistress on another occasion mix a white powder in the gravy of some roasted meat, which she took into the shop for his dinner. He ate it, and was sick after it. She- saw her mistress on another occasion mix some in some buttermilk and treacle. Her -master -took' it and was sick after. She did not know that her master had been drunk. On another occasion she saw her mistress mix some in some lobscouse they had for dinner, which was piut on his plate. Her master took huff about something and left the house without eating his dinner, and' her mistress told her not to mix that which was on his plate with the other on the dish, and it was thrown out by her mistress.- On the Wednesday before her master died she saw her mistreas put some white powder into a glass cup and pus a little water in it. She then put it into his medicine-bottle and shook both up together. She then put some of the sanme medicine into the cup and took -it up stairs to her master, who was lying il in bed. She saw her bring down the cup empty. The medicine came from Dr. Dorien's. She saw her give her master some powvder about six weeks 'oefore he died; that was about a fortnight before he was drunk. He was not drink at that time. (n the Friday before her master died-the Friday after the Wednesday when she put it in the physic-she saw her mistress take a white paper out of her pocket and put some powder is a teacup, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon. She then made some tea and put it in the cup, and told 'witness to take it up to her master. She put great pat of it into a bottle, put it into her pocket, and gave it to Dr. Doriefi.' She did it by Dr. ]o)ien's direction. That night, 'in the pantry, she saw a glass placed near the medicine-bottle, with medicine in it. It was not time for her master to take his medicine. She p aored the medicine from the-top of the glass, and at the bottom was a white substance, like doar, not dissolved. She put the glass into her pocket, with the white sediment in it, and took it across to the doctor. She -did it because she suspected something had been pat in it. *She had had no quarrel with her mistress. Cross-examined.-She was born in the county of Kildare. Her father is a lock-keeper on the Grand CanaL She remembered her mistress, in the month of January, asking her to go to the chymist's for some "qaietneri." Her mistress told her his-mother used to give it to lfm when he was drunk. She went for it to Mr. Radcliffe's, in Newport-street. He refused to let her have it. "He told her he was not allowed to sell such things. She had never fallen out with her mistress. They lived agrceably. She di not know that Mrs. M`Mlulen was a Protestant.' She could not remember that- she ever said to her mistress that her party would have the mastery yet. - Theresa Fitzerald, to wvhom she gave the paper with the powder in. lived with her brothers. She was a distant relation. They kept a butter and bacon shop. It was in conseouence of what Mr. Radcliffe told her, that it was not -proper to sell such medicines, that she suspected something wrong. Re-dzamined.-When she gave the powder to Theresa Fitzgerald she gave it to her with the intention of finding out, if possible, what it was. Theresa Fitzgerad examined.-She resided at Bolton, and k;new thelast witness. On the 8th of June last, she gave witness a smaU paper. She placed it in her workibox, and it remained there about a fortnight. She showed the packet to Mary Cumrnins, and told her to show it to the druggist. When she got it again she gave it hack to the witness Hutton. MaryCummins exAmined.-Was the wife of a shoemaker. She received a paper containing a white powder from the last witness. She took it to Mr. Partington's, the druggist, and showed it to the shop-boy, who ' examined it and gave It her b^ch-agai. -- She returned the paper and its contents to Theresa Fitzgerald. Crcs-exanined-She told the druggist that she had picked the paper up, as she was afraid of getting into trouble. Re-examaned.-I asked what it svasf Was it carbonate of soda? If so I would use it. Ee aaid, " Dfont' you use it, itissiclkening stuff' audIsaid I would put itinthe :fre.- - The depositions of Elizzbeth Hiltoiei-e put in and read, and stated that she hadreceived a paper' frsom Mary Ann Hutton, containing a powder, about a month before MI'Mullen's death. She asked what it,wap, and tookit back with her. She brought anotherlpaper con'aining a powder about a fortnight before his death, and showed it to her and asked what it was. Ann Marshall, the mother of Elizabett Hilton, corroborated this statement. Her daughter tasted the powder, which was white, and said she did not know what it was. The powder was left tlwo days it her house to show to the doctor who was attending her darughter, for him to Cay wvhat it was. hary Ann M'Gill examinad.-Is the vife of the landlord of the Archdulke publichouse; at Bolton. 'On the 7th of June Daniel I,I'illen'came to her house and wanted a bed. He did not assign any reason. About halftpast 12 Mrs. LAlulien came. Heer husband carme downstairs, eand a quarrel tolc place between them. Theyfought twice in the house, and left the house after 2 o'clock. Cress-exined.-She thoeght shev,was sot so drjbrnk when she wen out as ;when she ame' in. 'She gave ber ld.- worth of whisky. - John Whitehaven, a policeinah, spoke to having heard a disturbance in the deceased's - house, about three months ago, late one Sunday night. He knocked at the door, and asied " What's to do now 2 You' should not maake that disturbance on a Senday night." Ths prisoner was lying on some sacks drunk. She cursed her husband, and cal a him a " murderins viUain," and took some flour out of - a sack and threw it at him. The deceased thea took a hand. ful out of the sack and rubbed it over -the prisoner's faco. She then seized a dish and threwi it at the deceased, and it missed hbi and broke o%th i -door.- She sereamed, and witness advised the deceased to leave the house for a time til the prisonr got easier in her tempr. William T-gart, assiatait to 'Mr. LDorien, examined.- He had receivea a powder from hiky Ann Hutton, and also a small pot. He showed them to' Mr. Dosien. MHr. Doricn Phad also a bottle which he 'obt3imed from the servant nutton. All these were delivered to Ar. Watson, the =nlytical chymist. Cross.exanmed.-'He formerly was with a Mr. S'Sewart, a ,aJymist at Bolton, for 18 months. He was twice asked ee ior " quiete" It ras sold in Bolton as a customL It ivas ta4isd an: waa- gueru to drunken people -to- m&ke themn sick and prevent -th9m drinJking. On Saturday eveniing before- the deAtn of the deceasee.d he was present -a' an interviow betwes Mr. Dorien; Dr. Chadwrck,, aw thr piieonero nadsrDorXeri said to her there w.as a .erson preaset who . wod ssa she ga-,ve her hmsbrlnd povders in his food. Sh, wilhed a-G *nig,ht striLe her dee-a if ihe gave him antainon; ba.t shae szd she had -given him " qnsi^t±sese;," lit noet fora ws.eek W. sore. She roluenteered no geNt another powder. of the- esnre sort frosi Simpae?n.z; a^nd: dide so a1 day or tw sft6r. *IFe- znedieine sent ts fie deeaased was a eitOmactic and: co.taene nO entirmony. - , c Rle-exnmined.-The deesdeisnotrdhust iausi - Taiues Dore,seenoflio,ssne Hea knoywn 'he deceazed our o.fv1aran ttNd-dhlm. Hl wsati a nte enjoyrnen'toT imlddle'ghasl. R.Ap 06athdeesdennlehm ecomuplained, &lvoinitingat nght, with burin 'ain befor'e he vomnited. -Witness prescribed-for.1im fcc dieten ain 6y the 'decessedclalkd on himia gak&hdmdw4eth ii opan before. Hesaid,whnbbdv itdhel .e H westhinner in Ma O-SudyeeignJu,th 2lat or 22d,hev ldnttabns ecmpandof exactly the samesnpon; e-a.tierkith. before. Wies icibdfrbn adsa:hm daily -till hisdet. Te necle ethi-ro duced no goocl effect. He complaie vr ul of sickness, particularly at. the latter e,nd 'cf tbdy nte Saturday before hiis death he said he thiougthewadin during the night. Ho had tzalexn some tea-at 'lcd h morning and it niade him sick. 'H6Ilt-a burning ypain at his stomach and as if hundreds of,lu wer p icing hibi. Ire thought he. 'should have died i i iehdnthle bim on the bed. He 'was much oencty;fipus was quce a-nd his tosiu urd.Wtse san alred, andpoosdthae r;ha ic'ald in. -would wait two -o-tesdyslogr sTeda,h24th of june, Mr.Tg hsasitn,sodhmape. The pae cot- e wiepwe.H eie he powder to be shown fo Mr. Watso nFia,-h 7h oI tu,he receaved, andbattle faroith winssf tti, a=muf, which sheosrd.onetahnedomdicne H½nbt latoruno anlset ounebto-ttle,adecgave i o ad a t ak o Widatho. Heonever-ruelcribedhanyedicnep ortr e tedeeased' died hecaled inb dr Cferliaew'cad eovdt pate atmgthe deeased undrs; tine caofanure eeiedb On Monday !~ifore his death-a little sallownes perno his skin. On Tu6sday-thii -arTisvell deveoe,adh picked the bed clothes anidtlife& -his Armsabu Tes we-re always signs of aqproacbing-disiol'itioni H ramhbled: much in his conversation. He dIed onWednesda7.morning at 2 o'clock audbecasne insensible twohouirs eforeis ideath. His, resirtio aimuch hurrieid twzo or'threie days' hefore his death Hle Wbamd no diarrhcea. - He vomited onice on the Saturday and onde-on the Tuesdlay befbre -his death. On the Saturday night s co&nversation took -liace VIetwpeen Dr. Chad-Ack anid the - pisoneri which, -w'-_tneiss heatrd. He ask-ed the prisoner if -aniy niedliciiae of- - her ow~n had been given the deceased. Sh d-,'No;" and: her husband said, - ".ao 1 as -well. Ho zike& again,-~. "You have. not been giving him any little powdek at any. timeB ? Youen Iow you'ladies do practis 'sometimies a little on your husbanids.". She said; "No; -he has hiad, nothing. but what Mr. Dorien has. giveIn him."1 -On thieMIonday-the: dceased, r prisoner, Hutton, Taggart, aiid -himkelf. and Dr. Ch adwik wer rsent when witness told dsceaied that-he' had learnt that sourit,imbe past he -had taker a, pbwdeor which had maade himi il, and that they had fouind that iio*der to be tartatized alitimony ;'that part of the powder bad bean sent to Mlr. -Watson, -part of some- tea he had taken, and p art of some inedicine, :aiid - that -thxey- all con. tained antimony, anid that' that- was the- -reason Dr.- Chadwick had been called in, and -the nurse. No person minde any -remar'k but the adeeased, who: said, "1T-hat is a caulker,"1-the imeaning was -"11a settler." Witness asked himn if lie suspecteduany person of giving him anything ; he said hst didl not5 but he had Ion" detes-inined to have. his stomach opened whesi he diad WVitness aslked. him the reason--did he suspect foul iilay ?-' He -answered, "No; but latterly I have k-ept vomniting my mneat." -The prisoner was all the-time in the -teom and- never uattered a fathr, i herpresnce,thatthe an's cas waf thoeless, Wines ad 'therte ~might be mny indluce-menta. People said they - hadc - been quarrlin, -Te - iectt of her husband's -life beint insured was another-ipduceamient. You Coiie to gt me-a powder [a-nd have not done so."-A'he d tha shewould'do so. .~Sfie said she had been to Simpson's, anda had got -the powder.- She said, when it was beingmad ,up, semight~ be tried fesrherlifefor having given it to her husband., :She said 'Mr. Simnpson said-" Oh, you need n6t care about that; isliallput-you righ." he ad ~rosise to et e apower.; On Saturday igh, bfore±sgart--inhisownparlotur, he said to the risner" Ms. ?s'Mulen I avea serious- thing to ollyou a ersn wll wea- apowerwas taken from yourpocet.Simiar ovrler ou avegiven! your husbnd fr th - ast thre- mnth,-occasionally in hsfo,and-,since -I 'hav :b e- alled' in, you ae ie it\ in --mure freqnently-ta vr That pwe have ;eiakt to Watson, togethrwtsoe tea and mediie That powder hfe hasfudt oti tartarized antimoney.- and also the tea and-edce" " Antimnony, antimon~y," she said, "1I d6n7t know what antim'ony is." I said, I don't wish you toea,4 that yen~ knew or do not knowit - My object is to beg, if you hiave ggiven it, you -will not --epeat it; and I havd - appointed a nurse to prevent you or any peheon in your housii making any- food or givingaytyorhbnd'n- to 'prevent your also giving him any medinine. She said, " I have ned give hi, an; Idon' knw wht iis." -Taggartsasid; "Hav younotgi4eiuimanyowde 1"Sho said she had givn bn sniethe wek h~or. Isaid, "'How has it I go ino te ta ad ito he ediine- -I did n~ot, put any in."She aid,"I ennottell" Winesthein -callead-the womn wo -as n hs on huseto-ctas nure. - e: sin, told the prisoner thathle had-toldMr. Harris, the' supein.n tendent of police, that it was a~ case of suspi6ion -butflhe had concealed the name of the parties. The nurse went on SItu.mday igh. Pisoer xprsse pefec wilinodeto have the and ubde iflamaton.- Te kownsymptoms of poison. iog byantimony are -omtimes diairrhcea t burnin-gdpsn in the stomach, era-naps- in the le s, fanns,feelmn dis,and- contraction o b acs-aqik wa psebefore dissolutio,-ad-cl, lmyswt. ~MM en'ase there-wsscnesausis i nthestomach, faintness-andieelng disy n sji us i-awards the end. He loIedo hic-aa n fidgs tion and dyepepsia; andid nouPeectth- anything-hlid been given him, and wassl oeivi.The casbm the end assumned a low t'podkn o ee.He had never seen disease temntsosdelintesiewyfm natural causesl..ecmd~ h eesdsknposwr consistent with det fromthadiiraonfatmoy lie wvas_pre.sent at the est sots xmnto.-Tebd externally was thinan emaciated-yellone alloe.I the chest there was extensavd&esdleionof` th~leur on each. side. The right-lungiwas considerablv congese,n- the lower lobe of the left lunig.- The - Aitii -Sui'fmae of the stomach was inflanied -and"'co'~i~e about four ounces of -a-dark flid .-with' ia nimucrs. The small inthatineweeifae. hercunntnd hardened fonces.Thrghkin ;edsd,adte mu2cous. surface of tebad~wsifae.Tersn h body was inl a1 hetbcodin.-Teajpearances'-afteu, death frompioig.yatm.yb ial:dsswr similar. Portions'oftesoah,te netns n h blader were put ~jr.~das hkdes ie,hat lungs and spieen, sdiae;as oeui~ h0 wr banded over toMrWasn Cross'exainined:'-Tosad the end the.cas'e was no t like' dyspepsia at all, there wvas inflamation. Dyspepsia produced by drutlkeuness for three or four days coutinuled woald exhibit inflammation. in thi first M--- tanca.' -'I'e symetoms were consistent -with geni' inatcaiti. - Bsarrhocsa did not always follow the taking of- - 'antim'ony 'Any irrfitant would produ~ inflammatidno; Faintnien. and dizziness were coisistenli with mnasiyainne cs'anr-iti-s was always accomipartieaiby feverTh heyeeetd a jaundicedappearwnce.. In this cs tw-iqiecnith with the effects of aiithuoAy, its,amnsrifo:hvn caused derangement of the. liver, and prevente leppr secretion of the bile., H e ibolced upon the ahoponfth bile as having cau~ed,deai'n. Many thingsiaetesaim y might produce these efflects. IfeLshould-hv xpce spasms; but heinever com-plained ofs pai ms. 'Hatn c tinually dr-awing iiphis legs on thie Monday, Nasay~A night he had a. conmp6un &hoap 'pill nd' decisie f ak His in -dicisies didI net pioduce' the sl-lghtest :curti* e e&cdt; Agrain of tantarvIsd aitimbij imight le Iaf-l gie ik .dose. Larger do~es were gvive. -The limbs afterd'deth wr quite flaccid.. Thelabdoiein the day befbiaehs dtrd,-waa.a little swollenu. b6fore it was holow; - Oni one becasion wh-en the deceasped consulted him lie recom6innde6d him t6 become a temperate inan. 'He Fhad complainied of .net tiking-his feed well. He never' heard, of thiese "lo-uietne1 -powders before this ivsiain He had n6,~7 o doitbt of.the practice.- Re'axaumined.-4Fsilid ,nothuiik the mj'snpolom-i,were thoseof-gastro inter-itis. Op~onlarja.u"uuaazthit wasinflammation of the mucous"inemb1rane'.of tSe stbinacim #d snmall intestines. If antimiony, had ~tbeen fotiiid-intfhe mane should not have aftribted hits death: to that cause.I the system monthip After it lid beei taken' Samuel Taylor Chadicl-e eraminbe'd bM l il-s I ama P surgeon at Bolton; n~d calediuTd see it,sUe I found him in bced labouringpinder'g-reat'pi-ostratie Hot complained o f restlessn.6ss a-nd §en:a -a debility. Hehdn pain inhbis'hed, ana& was xiot 4aiios'H omine of pain in-his st6imach.- H reiat6'taratherisuae not much. - Hi tongu'evwas coated an. ;o rej boel costpae. ve teowlshecullskra-esndbutno onthstmsliThliis~retoreoiaut Ihd~dfb- a" powdeandasosoeniedcineiedbanfoud.Iake~lla~ps4d "No, nor creanof tartar; nor mabesxs.",I-aked tosiethe vomited matte's, and-I could not see tlfienh , On- Thursday she came down tomy surgery and4inform&d' nb thai she- ld been put out of the -way by some ,cOnvisatAio a,bont a wderIhad given him. I told her-to5tako i to Mr hozien and sulbit ittobhiainsypeethio. ,ShosalidtjwasV3r common to be given by aries to theithusbands;& ;Soh-said she had got it from Mr. 9iflmpson 's, druV-t, -End ,that t it was recommended for drisenness. On the-3onday jreede mined upon statingthzt webelieveasore om e ba be n giving him something in usious. - Mr. Dirkan ;ade e ,e att§mnh in her pre8ence. 0A Sunda6y t idnight Iwas be was worse, pule ramr pidk breatbin mora . *H voiCOe was hallow. I attended t e ad. - 'lbi on the Monday and Tuesday.. The bem s were - ness and 'painsabout thei stomach, e v itedsthelarbefore be died. Tha bowels v;ere torpid, so much so thAi Mn Monday I prescribed casl l He cud beer pmre ain the bowels' Theso 'r a symp (0515r ~ o poisoning wanting 'viz., eramps, pulrging and r<triction about thefaefces,--an;d ,nfmintion oftho stomach. One eE the synip%oms4. . if amatQ6i 'of tfe stomach woid be c ed-givmgantimony in smalL doses In. this:e 'inniatxn .was in ;th duodena. 'Tstro fate vould ho produced by takin" irritant stbsaneeS.' Theoeffect would be the same whether bro6ught onrby poison or- other causes. *Fronrthe condition of the liver I shoula. exect' 'jaindice. I should: not. espect thWe liver to 'be as- itwas from-thei fact that hqe, had ianndice. I attended the post mortrnL exauvinat.on.. -The fiver was fell ofb6ilsJIungs congested, thq right espe-' cially. The rest were healthy. Antuinong--woel&viroduce the result1 being an irritant. .l 1.the symptoms 'of po'ison', lng by antimony not being present- I.eeu1t aotWbe positive he died by antimony. Thlere inigit have loeenx an' amenojm, 'o-f- ir;flamnination-to accouintfor death. ;-'believel-the anT:. :mony- to, nave accelerated hisdeth. r - ' ssreii4 ined"by 2r. > Screant '-.U ,VXL'S.'Dses of the stomach and jaundice were the cause of death.h,, -Intense 'inxiety of-mnihd wi llhave .theo effect;ron the organs of the body. .!I caift, a'b aiiworuld leapse-iflannimationu, Excess might account far- the inflavhmation. Imprq: per liv'jnz 'would'ea~use it,e EBfore drath I should nolt have eseected'to' lind;ntimony toiccounii for death. Alco. - hol, or oflier irritant substances "would 'ac6ounf for it. I have atieided 'cases of'ggstro 6lhtr?i, svhich have proven fabri.'rIt is frequently followed by u typhold-fevei, and thpj' tients are out of their' mind, and clutE at tlslothes Lhavopract'e 2-years. Never heard of this 'slbstanncefq cahed "quietness," eicept as a' substance givenfto childlirez Maxsy' Ainn 'Hunt rame on- the Sunday, 'i§sid-- sh'e had' ifreqently givenit, and-thatit had bee reieommended bTyher 'moiher. -Her.husband wasthen alive. There were'aout foua ounces'of' abinish fluid in the stomachm : h e thought it -port wine.' There were some spiots on the astric p _rtion' ,ftho skt.ach: That was tovRred with a ;edish secretion *e-examifted. by khr .OVfb.-Tnfamma ion spreads 'ovr the -lower -portion of- the intsestines after boison. ' Tn 6cirroisiv poson; I svoTuldexjccb spots,' btit nob from- antifnony. ' ' *:----#- : , 'The case wa's procaeedn2ivh'en oulr riespateli left,' aud isno.t:expected to be conclue&to iought?
