DEATHS. Ontha 7th ult., at iewA-s.e-,dam Beabtee Smnof3asson, E}. in bin 7ld year; also, on the 7th inst, at kioa1n112, Simon ArchIbd, eldest sun of the above, in his 32d year. On the 12th ult., at the residence of her father. at Naau.3 New Provtdence. in the c0hyar ot her sge, and very deeply l amented, Mai-n Onne ilton, the belored ulie of the Rev. Robert Swana, reetorof Chis Chuch, and eldest vivn daughter o£ the l en. JoSn sm agew D.D., rchdeaon o thn Barao. fer mortalmreauinsero Onttende to the g ba by His Ezecellencythe Governor, by the principal ihbitants a4nd r.uthorities (miliStary anDa civil by a large numnber of the poorer c'lases.and bythe echerssofthe aAjacent aochial Sanday sabsola. Hler end was perfect recoe. On: the 20th tult., st lYemMlev,Middlesex, greatly lamented Susana tldeft daughter ot hir. Joh Mtasyon, of Tottenbaourt-road, On the 2d inst.,nt hsidence,9,lau-place, Senthamnpton,Willisam Iliciley ChamboerlaIn, Eq., aged 62. On the Sth Inst., at Brompon, azed 75 yeats, Frarce%, relict of WIl'asa Wailae, Esq., late Captain 11th Regiment of Foot, and sisterIn-law of Leut. Genezal Sir Thomas WlFIshire, BartL The deceased ladywas daughter of the late Robert Shearman, Rseq., of Kilmeen Houe, Klkenny, On the 6th ins', at Kingston.on-Thamem, Iiss Riley, late of Chichester, aged 69. On the 6th inst, at 69, Weoutbmne-terraco, Nathaniel SnelIChbuncy, .-q.. aged 63. On the 7th inst.. aged IS yeam. Frederick, the zecond son of M3e leonard Wigg, of the ryndhunt-oad. Peckham. On 'he 7th inst., nt the residence of her daughter Wyndham-pluce, smontb, Francn O eliet of Captain fishy Deat, iN., in the S6th rear of her age. Her end was pea3ce. On the Sta inst., at Brighton, LieutenanSt-Colonel .ohn Singleton aged 62 years. On Wednesday, the 9th Lat., at 182 Oxford-street, Felicia Wintle, mrost deeply regretted by her fmiy and friends. On the 6th inst., at the Oaklands, Manchester, theresidenoe of her grandfather, James Kerhaw , Esq P., Mary, iu her sixth year eldest daughter of the lato Rev. Arthurdman. LME., of Woodaloc. On Wednesday morming, at his residence, in Great Ormond-street. aged 37, Wiltam Henry timith, eq., rivil engineer, deeply lamented by his sorroring widow and young family, and slinerely regretted by a large circle of friends, by whombe wya respected for bis talents and mnry estimable qualities, On the 10th inst., at ais residence, Blackheath-bill, Henry Davis eniwel, srgeon, aged 29. Ontle iDth inst. at Cottage-en, Camberwell. Mr. Willam Med,ycott, in the ,4th year of his age. On the mondog of the 10ih inst., at 9, Wilton plaxe Belgraveequare neet deeptyregetted by her Borrowing friends and re;ations, Flora Leo GSat, the second daughter of the late Colonel Miao Leod, of Colbecks. On ae lOth inst.. at hisresidence, Castle-house, Canterbry, Thomas Darman, Fsq.. manyyears distributor of stamps for the county ol Rent, in his 67th year. At the bouse of his sister. Clifton-rove-terrace, Glasgow, aged 56 ycar, amdst the affectionate regrets of his relatives and friends, Mr. Fetex Mase, of Mnchester. eldest brother of the Rev. J. W. Massie. D.D.. ILD.. of London. HIe died resting his faith on Jesus and His fin Ihed wv ok.
F.=o;afZcZOZXDOAVGAZEPTT of e idj, Juy11 FOREIGN.OFMOV, MAV 9X ..150 4ucen has been gracinuily pleased to appoint Tnomas Mott Hughes, Esq.t, now attaohed to Her Maj1tY's Embssy at Constantinople, to be Her eMjesty's Consdu7 at Erzeroum. JULY 4. The Queen has been graciouslypleased to appoint Charles Batten HilMer, Msq., to be Her Majesty's Consu at BanZko'k, in Siam. JTULY ILner~ it Whereas civers British suiects who have entered into engagements for employment abroad as railway labourers, mroners, engineers, stokers, and firemen on board steam: Vessels, and m other capacities (such engagements in general containing no provision for the maintenance of such British sabjectz, or for furnishing them with the means of returing to this country), have applied to Her Majesty's Consuls in f ats for relief as distressed British subjects, and considerab.e expense has been incurred in relieving such persos and in sending them back to this corntry, notice is hereby given that for the future all persons who accept enoagements for employment in foreign countries, as such railway labourers, miners, engineers, stokers, and firemen; a; aforesaid, or in any other capacity, -are not considered by Her Majesty's Government to be entitled to relief as -distresed British subjects, or to be sentbacektotbis country at the public expense, and such persons mae hereby warned that Her Aajesty's onsuls abroad have received orders hanceforward not to afford relief in such cases. WHIITEHALL, JuLy 9. The Queen has been pleased to order a cong6 d'elire to the Dean and Chapter of the cathedral church of Bristol, empowrering them to elect a bishop of the see of C-locester and Bristol, the same being void by the death of Dr. JamEes Henry Monk, late Bishop thereof; and Her Majesty has also been pleased to recommend to the said Dean and Chapter the R ev. Charles Baring, MA., to be by them elected Bishop of the said see. JULY 11. The Queen has been pleased to order aiwrit to be issued under the Great Seal of the 7Jnited Kingdom of Great Bitain and Ireland for summoning Henry Petty Fitznaurice, Esq. (commonls called Earl of Shel urne), to the House of Peers, by the style and title of Baron Wycombo, of Chipping Wycombe, in the county of Bucks. CROWNT-OFFICE, JULY 10. MIE3IBER returned to serve in the present PARLIA. MIENT. Borough of Calne. Sir Wiliam Fenwick WiUiams, Bart., a Major-General in the Army, in the Toom of Henry Petty Fitzmaurice (oommonly called Earl of Shelburne), who has accepted the office of Steward of Her Majesty's Manor of Hempholme. BOARD OF TRADE, W TE1u4x,, JuLY 10. With reference to the notice contained in the Gazete of the 4th inst. of a French Imperial decree fixing certain duties upon the importation into France of cotton and Woollen goods, wearing apparel, and products arising from the decomposition of salt, the Lords of the Committee of privy Council for Trade and Plantations hereby give notice that the decree in question should have been described as a drauht decree, modifying the proposed vlaw for the removal of prohibitions in the French tariif. Their Lordships have since received intelligence, through Her Majestys Secretary of State for Foreign Aairs, that the consideration of this proposed law has been deferred untilthe nexct session of the French Chambers. JULY 11. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy Councili forTrade.and Plantationshavereceiveda communication from the Secretary of Stats for Foreign Affairs, stating that, in consequence of the pulmonary epidemic prevailing among horned cattle in several of the German States, the importation of such cattle into the duchies of Lauen. burg and Holstein will not be permitted unless on the aM. duction of an official certificate stating the place from which the cattle are brought, and that no epidemic of a pulmonary nature has appeared there for more than six months. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy Councilfor Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Afiairs, a copy of a de. spatch from EHer Majesty's Ambassador at Paris, enclosing copy of a French Imperial decree, permitting the importa. ton of raw wool through the Custom-house at Verrieresde-Joux (Doubs). Also copy of a decree adding tow of hemp and flax, mtended for the manufacture of sailcloth, to the list of articles allowed to be imported free of duty. WAR DEPARTMENT, PF&LLnt-mr, JULY 11. Ulth Foot.-Major-Ges. Wiliam George CDchrane to be Co., vice Gten. SirJohn Wilson, KC.B., deceased. 24 Dragoon Guards.-Lieut. Htenry Miles Stapylton to be Capt, by Pucas,vieWakr. who retiree; Cormet P. Alexander WVatsoni rnegy to be Let, by purchase, vice Stapytton. CtlDragoon Guards-conet John Grainger, from 'he 9ih Light >rasoons, tobe Cornetwithont purhase. 1st Drageors.-Probationary Vet.-Surg. Evander Chambeas to ba Yet. sbug, vice Cherry, deceaed. gth Liht Dragoeas-Jeha Grainger, Sest., to be comes by purchase, vice Go,ljle, promoted. 13th Light lragoons.-Comet Francis Levisn Miichael has been perr utted to retire from the service by the sale of his commission; Franc Levion lc]mcael, gent., to beliding baster. Roy,al Reginent of Artillery. Gentlemen Cadets to be Lieutenantq. 36thFoot.-Lient. Francis Freeman White to be paymaster, vice Ceneste, deceased, 29th Foot.-The appointment of Mr. A. G. BLack to an Enasigey, which appeared in the " Gazett of the Eth inst, was rithott purchas, and not by purchase, as therein stated. Sfth Foot.-Staff-Surgeon of the Second Class Raphael Woolnan Read to beSurgeon, vice Dowse, who exchanges. 2d Foot.-Ensign James Clery, from the 18th Foot, to be Lieut., by pTurchase, vice John Tharp Clarke, who hasretired. 0LCth Foot-The appointment of Lieut. Thomas Evans Stuart, f-om the Londorderry Militia. to an Ensigncy, without purchase (supernumerary to the establlshmentl, on the 5th inSt., has been canceled. 52d Foot,-Maer Charles J. Cjonway Mills to be Lieut.-CoL, without aurch.-, Bce rf evet-Cot. H£ughes. who retires UPOn full Pay; B^revet:eat-cot-C a. FDaniswn to be Mr,ir without torahase, vice hDls. Lent Frederick Albert Ch3r3pion to be Capyp , wihBout purchase vie Denison; Rersig Richard Daves Burroughs to bC e Lieut, wtb houtp- chase, vice Chacepiso; Ensign James Mitt Bradeshawv to be ILent., by uirchase, vice Fraser, w-hose pomotion by purchase on the ehth of April, 1ss6, h3sbeen carelled. GOth Foot.-Cept Francis Deawson tc be Instructor of Muskery 92d Foot.-Lie3t. WVlialn Facuharon has been permitted to retirefrem the servce by the sale of his cohavgoiaon. yda eat India s egiri ent-Liet Hn . lStewa.rd from the prth Light Dragoons, tho be Capt., by purchase, vicerBovil, promoted. HOSPITAL: STAF. ofg. Richard Robert Dowse, from the 5Fth Foot, to be Sta.irg Dr ne Second Class, vico Read, wvho exchaniger. tiDgC siRt.-Sort George Bu.side Br-den has,ceased to do duty. there being no lohnger oecasin for his services. Ac.ti Asrist-Sm g. Wi^lliam Randall Mackleyhas ceasad to do duty, therebemsgno longer occasion for hs servics. BREVET, 5? The undermentioned officers, havinga completed three years' astnal service ina the rank of lienlt-Col., to he vromated to the rank of Cal- in theAnny, under the pravxona of the Itayrdi-narranta dated the 6th of October and the 3d of Niovember, 1854:- , Eleut.-Cot Robert George Hunghes, 5°d Foot. Ltieut.-Cot John Htill. Royal Artillery. Memorandum. The commIssion of Brevet Lieut-Col. S. T. Crhistie, 0th Foot to be ante-dated to the 3th of December, 181. CSO3MISSIONS Sigmed by the LoiRD-LnMrrs-T of the NoBr ERaDG of YoasWilliaraFrederick Webb, Fses., to be Deputy-iseut.; BY the LOPn'-LvwerssweT Of the Couxnty of OrForsa. Edward Campbell Stuart Cole, Esq., to be Deputy-Lieut. 3B the LoRDtmtrEum£NuTof the C-ountyof CuacosnuAp?,-. Frederick Vic Graham, eq., to be Deputy-Lieut. the RishtfHon. Gamel Augustus Pennington, Lord Muncaster, to be eputy-teut. By the Lonn-IrrzexssNT of the Counties of WESnrosumAp-p and CUMMMUss??sr. Westmorelad and Cumberland Corps of YeomsmrCavas7y.-Phjip Musgrave, Esq., to be Capt., vice Graham, resigned. By the LotRD-LEuTrsrcANT of the County of WtorIcCsTZ_ Worcestershire Begimentot Mlitia,-Amist-Surg. Edgar Lowe, to be Snag., vice Shirley, resigned. [Thbi Gazette? contamis notices that the folowing places have beeun dulyregisteredforthecole-onation of marriageas therein;-] St, Joseph Chapel. Claford-road, Kinzsland. LowerChbpel, OverDarwen, Lancashire. PARTNXRSHmPS DISSOLVED. Cochrane and Co., Woodside Ironwvorks, near Dudley, and Ormaby Works, nearMiddlesborough,iroomseter-S. Beale, Bussel1l-sqae,C. B. Geach, Park-street, Westminster, and S. Beale, as executors of C. G ,each Park-gate, near Rotherham. and Park-street. Westminster, ironmnsters--Edwards and Birks, Wointanton, comcailler3-TheStau_ dishand Bmoomfield Coal Company.-J. Dineley and Son, Atanehester, cheese factors.-J. Hedland, T. Shillingford, end E REam. Cheapside, warehousemen; as far as regards B E.sm.-Banyard and Smith, E3elvedere-road, Lambeth. beer mercbants,-Bmosn and Breedon, Bargeyad-chambers, Bucklemsbnry, shtpPingagents.-Noldveitt, Heath, and Ninnis, Great Tower-street, wino merchants; as far as regards P. tinnis.-W. Page and Co., Leicester, hosiers.-C HTindley and Sons, Oxford-street upholsterers; as far as regards C. Hindley. Griffitt n-IrProsser. Derby, brasslfoundr-Fox and Guppy, Faumouth,eurge,nr.-Watson and Gauntlett, Huntingdon. drapersJ. and G.tA Soen, UJpper orytlebone-srreet, furnishing undertakers,. McKle and Lwsont, Latcaster, surveyors.-C.Canneaux andJ. Cant, Cat+herinu-ec t,Trinity-uSq , cork mecbants.-_T i.aybuy W.Wy, w Dea, ard T. Round. West Bromwich, coalmasters; as far as regards T. Rournd.J. Jackeon and Sons, Leicester, drapers.-AandW.EvauS. Belcave. Ieiceatershire, millers-Haleyand Speight, Bradford, Yorkshire, comrnmlino worsted spimners.- I Newton, C. Seymour, J. hL Bard, EL, Drew. and J. 3ake, Okehamptun, sller.-Corcis and lnraison, T.ramere. Cheshire, joinersC-Po-lre tand Hwnedey, Cheltenham, dra.ofd-W. Sheed, Wine,s and W. Yt Bleoett, Blenheim-street, New W.Bnd-etinet,rocketb-stmakert,- lytin andioon5Witod,Cnmberlend Lcen ed aictu 31Wert-PfrangleyandheinnanWrimbereetinster dock -a.rem.-Cl. Hiedges and CO., Dover, merthantd; as ofr as regn T. England sandta I- Holges-The Beeston dairs Go3a Company* asl far as regards 0.lFeedtstr-tCandpbell and Dunn, GlaDgow, grasn merchan3ts. DECLAATIONS OF DIVID?ENDS, G. Pell, Welnordd. Northf 1 teonbire, ecrivener-frat and finle divi of rLs. any aWednesday, at mr. Wbitmeret, Breinhall-treet. TW . Doruaord. Suffolk-lane, Ctmmon-strcet, wine mercdantfirs dov of 1d, an3Dy Wedned ay. at hre Whitmere'n, BWminehays-strect. W.rdf Beng, roeot-otreet, law boosieller-fileth div. ot ld, any WedJW. Caole, BircNin-pne, muerchaOf t-Slsgt dir. of 2s. .,onf There day nexct, and e gen followeing Thuerdas at Wer. Grbaam's, Cole- w.a-rtr Eamro;ut,Bsnlil-tet H. AhEley, Fleet-street,and Little Car£e r-lan ee, Doc to re'- comm3ons Scorier-econd di, Lof l(d., on Tursdayrnext, anud threeufollwing Thursds, at dir. Grabf a s, Coleman-streetm B. BR Lawrence, Catehalton, Serrey. apothecar-first div. of 2s. 2d anm ednesday next, and three subsequent Wednesdays, atMr. Ed w2rds'e, Sambruok-couri, Basteghall-etreet - H. Dalimosrej Nevwport, Isleof WIght, grocer-first fit of 2s.13d, on Wedasedapn nest, and three subsequent Wednesdfays at Mtr. Edwar.ds's, Elarohrook!-court, Eragball-stre.5t. S. Cohen and J. .ashliner, Haton-earden, manufacturing go'd. riDithms-flrstdiv. otdx, any ?londay, atMr. Canaan's,Aldermauhnr.. H. Bnrol, Walthans-cres Esse r, cotton dyer-fisrt dav. of 2E1. a2< anyvMoanday. at r. Cnan'ns, Aldermanhury.'' JSlace So7-.osub-lHanidon, Some"setshire, gove manufacturerfirst 6k ei oId, any Tuerday or Friday, at Mfr. tirrels,a Exeter, 5r. H. Inight Tauntn Elomerset6hi-e. grocer-first dON. of as dy an Tesfiny eAb-idday. at Mr. Hiatrtei oxeter. ' .P. Veyscy, Exeter, hatter-first dir, of 4r. eai, anyr Tuesfday cr Friday, at ldr. HIncre's, Exeteer. W. (ratterue, Bisholnlvearmonth, grocer-first div.0£ of6?d, any Eaturday at Mr. Baker's, Neweatle-upon-Tyne. B'. and5 T, Adrewll, Gatmeshed, iroumesigersi-zeccld dir, o2 l.S id In addition to 2s. dd. previously declared, any Saturday. at Mr. Baler?4 Newrcastle-upou-Tine. IE. wctian,I,t ol,shipbroker- div or. o2k, n Monday, atMr. Bird's,lAverooL X. McsKeile. ULterpool, m eebant-fiet div. of 20., anixonday, at Mr. Bird's, Hverpool J. RIobinson. Birmingiam, boctmanu acturer-firltdir. of S Gd..on Thursday, Jualy24, or a"y subsequent alternate Thuadiay, at Mr. Bittleston%, B minlugharn. 3. Tioma;,Upton-upon-Severn,and Ledbury. draper-second dir. of id, on Thursday, Jul 24, or anyrsbsequentalternateT1uriday, athfr. AlZtleston'. Birmingham. It., J. , and W. BroxaD. Burniley, cotton mabfactnrers-first div. of. Is iP., any Tuesday, at Mr. Hernanan's, Manchester. H. Hurt, teatouNnorr, popermanufactnrer-third div, of Is. Hid., any Tuesd*. at 31r. Hernaman's, Manchester. A. Hall, Mclaubester, Berlia canvass manufacturer-firt dir, ot 17s. Id., any Tuesday, at Mr. Hernamana'. Manchester. T. Dens, Blackburn, drsper-Dfrt div. of 5L Uid., any Tuesday, at Mr. Hernamn's. Manchester. J. Bumabblum. Manchester, commission agent-irst div. of 2g. 1 9-lOd, any Tuesday. at Mr. Hernarnan's, Machester. W. Eggleston, Halifar, merchant-second div. of Ils, any day, at Mr. Younrgs, Leeds G. Kay, York, bootuaker-Srst div. of Co., any day, at Mr. Younes, Leeds. r. W. Holme, Leeds, wse emerchant-second div. otL, any day at 3£r. Young's, Leeds. Oldfleld, Alias, and Co., Hudderasield, merchants-third dir. of Is, any day on or aiter July 14, at hlr. Younges, Leeds. J. DouglxA' York, te5o1r-first div. of °d., any eay on or after July 14, at Mr. losounga,ayeeo r t G. C. Mei Leds, grocer-firztdiv.bof Zs.l,d, aty dlyOn orafter July 16, at Mir. loung's, Leeds. BANKRUPTS. Alexander ELm-lis Thomson, Collum-street, ine merchbnt, to sUT. render July V2 at 2 'elock,Aug. 19, at 12. at the Basskruph' Court: solicitor, Mr. E1lpwon. Moorgate-street; official assignee, Mr. E4wards, Sambrook-caurt. ssinghalvstreet. Geore Cox, Barhican, mathematical instruinnnt maker. July21, Aug. 2s, at half-past 1o'lock, at the Banrupts' Court: solicitors Mess Cooper and Hodgson, Verulam.buildings, Gray'-inn; offidal assgnee, Mr. Whitmore Basinghallstreet. ThomsaWalson,laeh2oiArtlleryat thee bur .u ro,ninmgegenb, July21, Aug. 22, at 2 o'coeir,l at the Boankrup-ta Court: solicitor. Mr. Stu bh, Moorgate-tkeet; official &ssignee, Mr. Whitnmore, Basinghallstreet. JamuelEnor, orpthaz.tuildtnes Throgmortonlstreet,desoermnmunrng shares, July21., Aug.t22, at2to'oc atthe Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, HMr. yatt. Verhism-ulldienns, Gray's.-inn; officia sassiego, 1r. lVhitnmore, Bassughall-street. JohnMIoStimer, Strand, printer, Jnly 26, Aug. 2b, at 11 o'lock. at the Bsanrupts' Court: solicitors, Mhfos Inworance, Ple.ws, and Bayer, Old Jevryambersi; official assignee, hlr. Peuneli, Guidhali-chama- Samuel ZTviie, Northaripton, and elsew;here, shoemanufacturer. July 24,Aug. 20, at11o'dclOc atethe PBankruptis'Court: solicitors,111r. ^euAma^n, Caliege-hill; Mir. Bunnies, Northampton; offlelal assignee, lfr. Stanefeld dL Benjamin Chandler, Sherborme, Dorsetshire, attorney, tJuly 21, Au, 20, Ia 1 o'clock, at the Exeter District Court of Banlruptcy: socestors, Mr. Fincham. Blandford; MIr. Stogden, Exeter; offidal assigncis Mr. Hirizel Exeter. Geergo Foster, lorbury. Yorkashie, wor-ted spinner. JulY 29, at half-past 12 o'clock, Aug. 29, at 11, at the Leeds District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors, Mr. Watts, Dewsbury, Messr. Bond and Blarick, Leeds: officialassi gnee, Mir. op, ds. Charlss Hery £Seaman. North Shields, shipchandler, July 21, 'Aug. 25, atl2 o'clock, at the Newcastle-upon-Tyne Distict Court ofBankruptcy: solicitor, Mlr. Steel'. New;ccase-upon-Tyne; official assignee, Mr. Boker, Nearcastie-nuon-Tyne. anRieti, William,and Jon2eaom Liverpool, hollow warmoranufacturers. July24, August 14, at 11 o'lock, at the LiAerpool DiGtrict Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors, Messrs. Neal and7Jartiub Liverpool; official asignee, tr. Bird, Ltiverpol. unle the " Gazett" of tho to inst., through mistake, the name of Tdomas Hllingaworth v;as substituted for that of Mfessrs Neale and Co.] DIVlDZS37S. Aug. 1. J. Temalin, Lloyd's.rooms, Royal Exchange, ehlpow ner.- Aug. 1, H. Collins, Aetrori Kent, carooenter.-Ang. 4, G. B. andh. H. ShnttUeworth, and G. B. Shuttleworth, j-m., roultry, auctioneers. -Agn. 1,3t Griffiths, Ludlow, carpenter.-Aug. 7, J, Bough. Kidder-. rrOnster, carpet rsanufcurer.-Aug. 4,3J. D. Sewell and T.; Pattiuson, 1ewsT.ea-upon-Tyne, chyrietr.-Aug. 6, IL Coxon, South Shields bookseller.-Aug. 4, Se.Greenwood, BHehopwearmoutah engine hruldeg. Aug. 1. C. P. E4Dney and , itllis, Liverpool, wholesale druggistsAug. 4. Jerc. Stivern and J. Stower, Liverpool, British wine ser. chants. CEILTISTOATEI to bo granted, unleAss Caus£ be sLhown tothe con- trnry, on tho day of meeting. Aug. 1, E. Mo0rgan, Iastings. provIsion merchant.-Ang. 11, C. Solomon. Bristol, outfitter.-Aug. 5, J, Gibhard. CardHf,. vistoaller.-Aug. 12, TA'. Wratson, Cerlisle, curn£cr.-Aug. 4, H. Coxo2, South Shields, bookseller.-Au F. 4, J. Bose. St. Helen's, Lancashire, mil£er.-Aug. 4, J. B. HIerbert, iverpool, ooaliactor. SCOTCHl SEQUENItTIONS. 3. Geurlie, or Gourlay, Mfotherwei, portioner, July23, atldo'clc, atthse George HEotel. Glasgowv. SirW. H. Don, BariEdinbrh,taer- nl2,ato-oka Tfait's New Roral P;otel,:Editsbrg%l rdr uy25 t 'lc.a P. Livin">ton, Dunfrcrline, grocer, July 21, at 12 o'clock, at Altken's Byt Hotel, DunfernVline. THlE C00 AVERAGECS, The Average Eroeof Brown orMerLcovado 5ua compute fromn the returnamade in the week ending the 5th of July, cusite of Cintom,O dgtideaia or paaable thereonon the importation thereof into Great Bian 'rom theBrltlsh poesAons in Amerca .. 31 07 p. c Frrom the Mauritius . . 30 1 ;romthe Fast Indies .. . 33 9 The average price of the three o= Ing de. cri tionsofsUgar,jointUy compt asabo Al exdlushe of£duty, is.. .. .. .. 30 S. By authority of Pariiamenj. Th-mY BICExmjx Clerk of the Groceza' Company. Grocere'-hall. July 11. _
THE GRAPE DSAEASE. p TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In reply to your correspondent "An Hortculturist," whose letter appears this day's Times, I can give him the inforniation he asiksfor on the subject of curing the mildew on the grape. For several years my grapes were affected by this destruetive disease, and the plan Ipursued has successfully stopped it. As soon as I perceived a bunch was affected I placed it in a pan containing flour of sulphur, and with a spoon covered it vrith the sulphur. 1 then gently shook the bunch to get rid of the sulphur; by this means the mildew was destroyed without injury to the grape, the sulphur only adhering to that part of the grape whereon the mildew had grown. In mygrapery the disc-see at one time was very bad, both fruit and leaves being much coveredwith the mildewr. Ipursued theabovetreatment, and the disease every year came in a milder form. ILast year there were only two or three bunches affected; this year there are none. I found to effect a cure the remedy should be aupphed at"once-rz soon as the moildew showed itself, whicl generally was when the graps was the sie of a pea; it seemed to extend itself from tne grape to the leaves in case it was not checked. The plan l adopted could hardly be applied in a vineyard, from the great labour required in treating the buncees separately, though a solution of sulphur and water might be more expeditiously applied by means of a small watering-pot with a fine rose a pan being held underneath to catch the solution, which could be used again. I hope these observations may be of service to "{An Horticulturist" and your other readers interested in the subject. Yours obedientlv. - w~H. July 10.
TilE CBNTBAL A MU3fjA2 Q UESTION. The folowing mtemorandumxt, drawn up by the representatives of Honduras, -ill be subbmitted to the representatives of the diffeient European Powers accredited to Her Majesty, ai explanatory of the policy of' Honduras on the onlr subject on which it can have a general or Europeani interes - " The geographical position of Central America, betweenthe Atantic and Pacific OceanS, gives to that country a special interest in the eyes of comn.ercial nations. "The establishment of adeguaie lines of interoceanic commnication tbrough its terrTtoriesby means of railways or canals, or botl, is an object of uriversalimportanee. *" Great Britain and the United States, recopnizimg its importance, have made it the subject of a special convention, concluded in the year 1850, is Article vm. of which they establish, as a ' general principie,' and agree ' to extend their protection, by treaty stipulations,' to ali 'practicable communications, whether b canal or railway, across the isthmus which connects North and liouth America.' " They also declare that such communications ' being o n 'to the subjects and citizens of Greawt Britaia and the United States, on equal terms, should also be open to the subjects and citizens of every other State which is willing to gr7nt thereto such protection as Great Britain and the United States en'sge to afford.' "tNow, although several lines of interoceanic comnunicarion have been designated, each having its earnest supporters, yet it is the opinion of competent judges that the line recently proposed through the lItate of Honduras, from Puerto Caballos to the Bay of iFonseca1, possesses sig!nal advantages over any other that has yet been suggested for a railwvay. " The commission to which its ex;amination was confided reported that ' The natural conditions of the country, its general salubrity, and abundant resolrces, not less than capacious, asie, and altogether unexceptionable harbours, at both extremities, distinguish this line as combining the obvious and primary requisites for ,n adequate and pmanent interoceanic Communication.' And Captain citzRoy, RN., in his report to Lord Clarendle on the subject, after andeneral rview of the various routes, concludes, 'that this recently proposed line throughi Honduras appears to himn more promisinmg, as a permuanently important work;, tfian any other railway yet proposed acrees the isthmus.' qTo facilitate the construction of a work promising so great advantages the Government of Hhonduras baa con ceded a charter of the most liberal character to the parties to whose erterprise the world is indebted for the discovery and exploration of the route. This charter recognizes in their fullest extent the principles laid down in te convention between Great Britain and therUnited States. It offers equal facilities to the whole world, and is not encumbered byvstipulationsmwhich might restrict thensefulnessaof the work, or give to any nation the slightest advantage over another. "This charter, wohich was ratified by the r egislative Chambers of Honduras, and proclaimed nsa law of the Stat on the 2dth of April, 1854, provides nart. , sec. 0) that the Government of Honduras shal open noeotistions with the various Governnents with which itmay have relations, 'Afor their separate recognition of the neufrality, and for the protection of the routef' and 'cto prevenut any misunderstanding or jealousy," it fprthermo,e provides, that 'ithe treaty stipulationsvwtheachoandial Govefments in respect to the said route shal be in terms the same.' vIn deference to these indications, the representatives of Honduras, accredited to Great Britan, France, and the UIJted States, have draughted an article whichtheyconceive might he appropriately appended to sil treaties of amity and commerce theat Hionduras may havo the good fortune to make with the great maritime Powers of Europe and Amnerica. In framing it they have followed out the earnest wish of their Government to concede al useful privileges connectedwith the proposed transit to al nations on equal terms-viz., the recoguition of tee undisputed sovereignty of Honduras over the line of the road, the guarantee of its neutrality, and its protection azainst iolence and interruption. The Government of Honduras does not anticipate that circumstances wil ever arise to require any of the Powers which may enter into these pstitationas to g ive ractical force to their guarantees; bat it iseno to betdoubted that thefact of their existence would give to Handuras a great moral support, and contribute to make the proposed route of transit nseful and secure. "PxEborossn AuiCLE. "rInasmuch as a contract was entered into by the Government of Hondurtas and a company entitled the Honduras Interoceanic Railway Company, for the purpose of constructing a railway from the Atlantc to the PacsHic Oceans, through the territories of Honduras, which contractbwas ratified by the constitutional powers of the State, and proclaimed as a law on the 28th day of A pril, 1854; and since, by the terms of article 5, sec. 0 of the said contract, 'the Government of Honduras, with the view to secure the route herein contemplated from aU interruption and disturbance from any cause, orunder any citcumstances, eagagesto open negotiations with the various Governments with which it mayshave relations, for their separate recognition of the perpetual neutrality, and for the protect on of the aforesaid route 0 therefore, to carry out the] obligations thus in- coerTet Govefrment of Honduras agrees that the riht of way or transit over such route or road, or any other tiat may be constructed within its territories, from sea to sea, shall be at all times open and free to the Government and subjects [or citizens] ot [Great Britain]a for all lawful purposes w hatever, and no tolls, duties, or charges of any lid shall be imnosed on the transit of preperty belonging to the Governmenbt of [Great Britain], or on the public mails sent under authority of the same, nor upon the subjects [or citi- zens] of fth&Bnsitish Crovnj;* and all lawful Produce, ma-' nufactures, merchandir, or other p,roperty belonging to subjects [or citizens] of [Great Bntsiinj passing- from one ocean to the other, in either direction, shall not he subject to any import or exporb duties whatever, and shall he secure and protected from all interruption. or detention on the part of the State; and finaflly, as an evidence of its disposition to accord to the travel and comutrco of the world all the advantages resulting from its position in respect to the two great oceans, Honduras, of her own good will, engages to establish the ports at the extremities of the contemplated road as free ports for all the purposes of commerce and trade. "2. In consideration of these corcessions, in order to secure the construction and permanence of the route or road herein contemplated, and aso to secure for the benefit of mankind the uninterrupted advantages of such communication from sea to sea, [Great Britain] recognizes the rights of sovereignty and property of Hondures in and over the line of said road, and for the same remason guarantees positively and efficaciously the entire neutrality of the same, so long as [Great Britain] shall enjoy the prneLeges conceded to it in the preceding section of this article. And when the proposed road shall have been completed [zGreat Britain] equally engages, in conjunction with Hlonduras, to protect the same I from interruption, seizure, or unjust confiscation, from F whatsoever quartrtheatmt may:roecd."
IRISH CmHURC SMSIONS To THE RoIr? CATHOLICS. -On Thursday a public meoting, convened by the Society for promoting these missions, -was held in the Hanoversquare Rooms, under the presidency of the Earl of Shaftesbury, to lay before the Protestant public the steps taken by Dr. Callen, Roman7Catholic Archbishop in Dublin, and the Pope's LEgate in Ireland, as stated in his recent pastoral. on Proselytism, and to report the effects of his new organization for checking tho progress of the reformation in IrelaiWd. There was a numerous audience comprising many ladies; and among the gentlemen on the piatform, and taking partinthe proceedings, wereMr. lapier, AP., Mr. G. A. Hamilton, M.P., the Rev. Dr. 'Neil7e, and the Rev. J. N. Griffin, of Harold's Cross, Dtblin. The Rev. Alexander Dallas read a statement emanating from the committee of the society, relating circumstances which had occurred within the last few weeks affecting tho missionary work in which they were engaged among the Irish Roman Catholics, and adverting especially to the oral letter on proselytism by Dr. Culien, read on Sunday, the 8th of June, in all the Roman Catholic chapels in and about Dublin. This letter, they said, laid aside all concealrment, and stated authoritatively a long array of instrumentalities operating for the destruction of the Roman Catholic Church, among wbich the Irish Church Mission Society held a prominent place. The object, they contend, of t is demonstration of alarm is to excite the Roman Catholics to effective diligence and hliberal contributions in money, in -watehing and check. ing the progress of proselytism to the Protestant form of Christianity, and to unite them together in defence of their religion. Afev days afterthe publication of the pastoral,they add, the subject waus taken upiwith the most unmeasured vie. lencoof lan'uage by Dr. Cahill in a series of letters addressedto the Lord-Lieutenant of5 Ireland. They further s tat e, as the effect of' these open and aulthorized excitem ents, thiat persecution of the most daring kind had been employed upon many of the Protestant converts in Dublin. The children in the schools connected with the society had been waylaid and beaten, to an extent in some cases producing dangerous consequences. The missionaries had been mobbed and assaled with stones in the streets, and it had been necessary to seek the protection of the police in several instances. The work in which tha society was engaged, and which the Pope's Legate in Ireland sought to suppress, is nothing less, they contend, than the completion of the same reformation in Ireland the blessings and benefits of whichn had been so long enjoyed in England. The powers of Rome in Irelasnd were now drawn forth in battle array; the Irish Church Missionary Society was placed in thefront of the fght; and thecommittee now appealed to the Protestant public for pecuniary support to enable then to meet with enerey an emergency which threatened materially to retard the progress of the reformation inIreland. Mr. G. A. Hamilton, MP., moved a resolution to the effect that the course adopted by the Roman Catholic hierarchy with reference to the reformation movement in freland afforded tho most satisfactory evidence of the esult produced by Ch:istian controversy against the dogmas of Rome, and of the success of the missionary efforts already made in that part of the kingdom. The alariM, he Eaid, -which had been taken by the Church of Rome appeared to indicate that their ecclesiastical system was tottering on its foundation, and that they -were preparing to miake a vigorous sortie in its defence. It therefore becaie the Protestant community to mnake a corresponding amount of resistance to the aggression, which threatened to expose to trial and privation the poor converts in Ireland who in the exe,rcise of their free Judgment had abandoned the teaching of the Church of Rome, and sought refuge in Protestatism. The motion was carried unanimously, after being seconded by the Rev. J. N. Grifin, of Dublin, who pointed out how the Church of Rome in Ireland, which 30 years ago assumed an att.- tude of meekness and toleration, had now completely changed its policy by demanding absolute supremacy. He maintained that Ireland was not a Catholic country, and that everything that mado i/ great or good ws due to Protestantism. M.r. Napier, Pd.P., in an able speech, moved the neit resolution, -which inculcated the bounden duty of Protestant Christians to advance by all mean3 in their power the progress of the reformation in Ireland, and- that the present juncture, while affording encouragemesit in the rork, called for more prompt and energefc measures, and for self-denying efforts to infrease the funds of the society by which it was undertaken. - The motion 'was seconded by the RCev. Dr. Mi'Neile, and unanimonaly agreed to. At thle close of the proceedings ix sub' scriptio3a was set ona feet to recruit the sveety'a funds,
: IRLA1 W. LOED CAR=BsLE IN LrIcX. (FROM 0r OWN I iTORRWO1.) - . I . - DUBLli. PPRm-tvY Moi0mrs. 'The banquet on Wednesday evening passed offwith great Mdat, and the attendance was highly respectable, including the leading gentry of the neighbourhood, the Protestantt and Roman Catholic bishops, and all the citizens of note. In the course of Lord Carlislp's eloquent speech his Excellency thuis alluded to the state of Ireland gener3lly:- "With re.pect to what I should be inclined to put second only to the dunminution of crime-I mean the diminution of paupenrim-I find in the union of Limerick-andI am happy to say that theogther unions of the country present the same proportion-that whereas the expenditure for Poor Law relef in 1849, of which wehave all such painful remembrance, amounted to 53,0001., in the year before last it had falen to 23,0001., and in the last year it had fallento 15,000!.; the expenditure iu the last, showing in contrast with that (f the immediately'preceding year, a diminution of onethird; and, with respect to the sotal number of persons relieved, the number in 1&49 was 16,000, in the year before lF st it had fallen to 13,000, and last year it fell to 10,000. (Hear, hear.) But it is further most satisfactory'a g know that if we enlarge our horizon so as to take in the whole of Ireland, the landscape will not lose inu any quarter this calm and radiant aspect. I should, indeed, le adopting a course utterly unworthy of the oosition If ll, and of that clearsighted and sagacious conmmunity cver whose affairs I have been appointed to preside, if I thould endeavour - to portray any over-coloured or merely flattering representation of their condition or tbeir character. - I do not seek to conceal that in the whole extent of Ireland there are stiU to be found sufficient intances of exceptional crime to deter us from dispensing at once with the methods of exceptional repression. Nor can I wholly suppress the wish, both because the reproach which it may be thought to imnply attaches imparntally to all parties, and still more because the presence of two right rev, prelates, which I hail with much cordial pleasure (cheers), gives me the hope that any such reproach would attach with comparatively little weight here - but the wish to which I return is that all sides would feel rather more disposed. to employ that relgious seal, which is the glory of 'the hu-man character, more in adorning their own. faith than in impugning that of their neighbours. (Loud and loud eontimued cheering.) But I pass gladly from such things, of which, after all, a man's own conscience must be the supreme judge, to thosetopies of common interest and concern, henomrable to all, and welcome to all alike, which consist in the decrease of pauperism. the growth of agriculture, the extension of commerce, the improvement in the dwellings and condition of the people, and the disappearance of crime. (Cheers.) They are matters which Ireland has a right to feel prond of, and which give us a right to be hopeful for her. (Cheers.) It is now, I think, 166 years since hostile armies were encamped in the surrounding marsh within reach of those very spots now resounding with the shouts of loyalty and goodwill, and tho blood of brethren flowed profusely in civil strife around the battered rampart. (Cheers.) How is all now changed? Allhave that as it has been rightly described, noblest of island rivers which still bathes four walls-all have that Irish valour which has recently lined the streets and scaled the parapets (loud cheers); but now, not as then, it has been displayed in our umted arms against a foreign foe. (Cheers.) Well, gentlemen, peace has been happtiy restored to the East of Europe, andcI trust your noble stream nmay never waft to the great western world which first confronts its advancing waves any messages save those of extending commerce and unbroken concord, (Loud cheers.)" But the speech of the evening was that of the Romau Catholic bishop (Dr. Ryan), whose health was proposed in conjunction with the Protestant bishop (Dr. Griffin). Here is a passage:- " I feel complimented by your connecting my name with that of the Bishop of Limerick, for I can tell you that heis a wise, a learned, and a most charitable prelate. Although we cannot agree in religious tenets,yet, gentlemen, there is a wide field that we can join in cultivating, and which willredound to the happiness, the peace and the good of the country. The fine and fertile field of charity lies before us, the field of social intercourse with all its virtues, let us cultivate this harmoniously and we will be then doing a duty to society that must benefit it. (Hear, hear.) This is, they say, an age of progress and of charity, and if the Christian brothers do not progressively improve, whose fault wil it be ? Lotus take blame to ourse ves, then, if we do not imitato the examples of persons engaged in worldly pursuits. Be it ours to emulate one another in the work of charity, of benevolence, and of kindness, and I find that in these respects I have powerful competition in my venerable and learned friend. (Loud cheers) Humble as I mnow my abilities to be, and limited as know my acquirements to be, yet I will work the mo-e strenuously, and if I can I will not allow him a single yard in advance of ne. (Cheering and laughter.) I say 1 have good workmen to assist me. They will work in this vineyard that is spreadin3g out before us, and I hope they will do it in the very manner his lordship has pointed out, that they will respect the feelings of all, that in their charity and intercourse they will know scarcely a distinction between one man and another. They will esteem every man as a person redeemed by the spilling of the blood of our lodand Saviour Jesus Christ-a person destined for Heaven-a child of CGod; and that is not the person for any clergyman to offer insult to, or give any sort of annoyance to. (HIear, hear.) Let them be meek and bumble of heart. Let them attend to their own duties; and I hope that the Christian virtues I w spring up, and wil advance as well as the other interests of this life that we see in so progressive a state." Yesterday (Thursday) his Excellency proceeded by special train, attended by a most brillianlt staff, to naugurate the auspicious opening of the iLimerick and Boyvnes Railway as far us Rathleale. Addresses wrere presented to him by the Tows.Commissioners on the arrival of the trais at Rathkeale, and by the directors of the railway on tleir return to Adare. A banquet on a magnificent scale was here given, at which over 600 guests sat down. Everything passed off most satisfactorily and agreeably. THIE MILITIA UTISNY. There are no later accounts f.om Nenagh than those which reached Dublin yesterday evening, and which have already appeared in Tlie Times. A searching inquiry into the whole case is imperatively demanded and cannot be deferred; for, if the reports of the affair published in the provincial papers contain the whole truth, it is quite clear that, bad and disgraceful as was the conduct of the mutineer-s, they were not the only parties to blame. THE FUNDS. Threeper Cent. ConsoLs 96; ditto, for new account, August 12, 96A Sa; New Three per Cent. Stock, 96' 4 - ditto, for new account, August 12, 96-; Bank Stock, 226.; HibernianBalc (251. paid), 31: Royal Bank of Ireland 10ot Laid), 224; City of Dublin Steam Packet (100!. paid), 4; Dublin and Iaverpool Steam Ship Building Comny (50l. paid), 46 ex. div.; Wicklow Copper Mine oL. paid), 32. Railways.-Dublin and Belfast Junction, for ago unt (451. Paid), 46-; Dublin and Drogheda (751. paid ,19; ditto, ew Tem-Vs (251. paid), 23 -Dublin and WicRlow, for account (101. paid), 6' i; Great Southern nd Western (o0l. paid), o66 ditto, eighths, 6 per cent. prof. (6!.. 5s. paid), 75; ditto, 4 per cent. pref., paid in nil (20..), 19I Midland Great WTestern and Royal Canal, for account (601. paid), o53k; ditto, half shares (25!. paid), :61; Waterford end Limerick (50!. paid), 24k; ditto, for ccount, 241,; ditto, 6 per cent. prof. (101. paid), 10. THE MASTER OF THE ROLLS AND THE IRISH EXECUTIVE. We take the following r-eport of the address of the Master of the Rolls from the second edition of the Staisdard:- " The Attorney-General for Ireland having thought proper to accuse me of being the cause of Mr. James Sadleir's not being amenable to answer the criminal charge which the Attorney-General intimates he is prepared to bring forward against him, now that he is no longer amenable, I feel it due to myself to repel that most unfounded and unwarrant. able charge, and I regret that in doing so I shall have to put the Attorney-General on his trial before the public, and I shall state no fact that I shall not be prepared to substantiate before a. committee of either House of Parliament. On the 20th of February, 1856, Mr. James Sadleir subscribed his name in one of the books of the Tipperary Jointstock Bank to a document stating that the Bank was unable to meet its engagements. That entry immediately followed the remarkable report and balance. sheet of the 1st of February, 1856, referred to in my judgment in Ginger's case, declaring a dividend of 6 per cent. and a bonus of 3 per cent. On the 4th of March the motion was made before me, under the provisions of the Winding-up Acts, that the affairs of the company should be wound up. In giving judgment on that occasion (a report of which was published in several Dublin and London newspapers, and among others in the Dubllin Evening Mail of March 5, 1856) I distinctly adverted to the facts which implicated James Sadleir with the gigantic frauds which had been committed. In the Irish article of ThS Tisnes newspaper of the 10th of March, 186, there is the following passage :-' The Lcinster Exvss, alluding to the connivance of -Mr. James Sadleir at the tremendous frauds brought to light in the Rolls' Conrt, says,-It is said that that gentleman has already fled from the impending storm, but we trust that this is not the fact. The shareholders owe it to themselves and to the cause of public justice that the surviving fabricator or fabricators of the swindling report shouldnot escape a criminal prosecation, and if Mr. James Sadleir and lis coadjutors, whoever they mnay be, have not already o0ne, it is right that measures should be taken to prevent their leaving the country."' In the same number of Ihe Iimes (the 10th of March) there is a leading artile strongly commenting on the Sadleir frauds, and implicating James vith John Sadieir. 2Not a week (I believe I might saya day) elapsedin whichthe Sadleir frauds were not denounced by the publicpressasunparalleled. IntheCarlow Postadvertedto in the Irish article of Slhe Tms of March 10, the lamentable fact was alluded to that the sivings of traders, clerks, and assistants-police officers and small farmers-the savings which were to establish soine in business-the small sums gradually accumulated for the future provision of lage families, or as a support for decinin%g years-4l1 these have in too many instance beer. engulfed in the mamn of eavy depoaits, and hAvO left the deluded victims penniless,- hopeless -and iin the most affecting despair. The Attorney-General had no sympathy for these poor people, and closed his es ana, shut-his eyes to everything which was said or written in relation to the Sa4leir frauds. At length the case of the Engliah shareholders eamebeforemein thelattererdofthemonthof3fay,1856, and the awguments of counsel having occupied several days, and the monstrous frauds of th i Tipperary Joint-Stock Bank having been laid bare before t he Court andthepubEc, I stated, as appears from a report of the observations made by me, and published in all the newspapers, that I in. tended to consider the matter attentively before giving judgment, and that there was one question which I thought it was my duty to the public to pass my opinion upon at that time. I then emxressed my unbounded astonishment that the Irish Government had not thought fit to take any notice of the case I stated that it was of the -ast importance to the interest of all parties that t'hey should do so, and that if they cnose to remain quiescent, and shrank from the duty that devolved upoin them of placing the case b2fore the Crown prosecators, they would be guilty of a gross dereliction of duty. I added that when giving judgment, I puxposed to'enter into the facts at considerable length, and I undestook to prove that if the Governmentdetermined.-to remain quiescent they could have no Tight to complain if the public charged them with connivance at conspiracy. I -repeated that the Government must interfere; that they might pretend ignorance of the law on the subject, but that I should laj it down to them distinctly. I then read the judgment of Lord Camp'oel in 'Burses v. Pennel' (2 House of Lords cases), refer. ring to Lord Brougham's judgmenti to the same effect; and I also referred to the case of the IRing v. De Berenger' (3 Maule and Selwyn). The Attorney-General, who had fallen asleep from the. 4th of March to the 3d of June, notwithstanding that every newspaper which he took up mnst have suggested to him the dcuty which he was bound to perform, awoke on the lastmentioned day in consequente of my observations; and an elestric telegraph message was sent from Iondon to some person, I believe thet registrar, to know when I should give judgment. Having intimated that I would not give judgment for some time, the Attorney General turned his head upon his piUow and-again fell asleep until the 14th of June. Iram now about to state facts which the AttorneyGeneral cannot get rid of by any sophistry or inystification. On Tuesday, the 8th of this month, I applied to Mr. Meldon, the solicitor for the official manager (the officialmanager being absent from Dablifi on business connected 'with his office), to know when the Attorney-General, or any person on his behalf, first applied for copies of any of the affidavits or documents filed or lodged in the Master'i offico in this matter. On the 14th of June, 1856, a copy of Hr. John Sadleir's celebrated letter to his brother James Sadleir was given to the Crown solicitor. I have not ascertained whether this letter was applied for, or sent to the Crown Solicitor wvithout being applied for. I shall ascertain that fact to-day, but shall not delay sending this statement. Surely that letter was cal'.ulatedto arouse any person exceptthe Attorney-General. He, however, remaained as little alive to the Sadleir fraud as he had been before. On the 20th of June I gave judgment, On the 24th of June, 1856, and not sooner, a copy of one of the affidavits was bespok-e on the part of the AttorneyGeneral, and it was given out by the solicitor for the official manager on the folloving day. On the 25th of June a copy of another affidavit was bespoke, which was given out on the following day. On the Ist of July s copy of another affidavit was given out; and on the 30th of June four affidavits were lent by lMr. MIeldon, the solicitor for the official manager, to the Crown solicitor. I have Hr feldon's statement inwritingonthcse points. 3fr. Meldon, however, says that Mr. Gaussen, the solicitor for the English shareholders, lent one of his briefs to the Crown solicitor on the 21st of June; that is, after I had given judgment In the 20th of June. The result is this:-The AttorneyGeneraltooknosteps whateverto ascertainwhether therewas any evidenceto affect James Sadleiruntil on or afterIgave judgment on the 20th of June, although the judgments I had given on the 4th of HIareh and on the 3d of June imposed a distinct duty upon him to do so. The letter of John Sadleir, of which he was in possession on the 14th of June, rendered it the more his duty to investigate the case. When did James Sadleir cease to be amenable ? The Attorney-General says on the 17th or 18th of June. I believe he was amenable after I gave judgment on the 20th of June. But I shaU assume that the AttorneyGceneral has been accurately informed of air. James Sadleir's movements, and that the date of the 17th or 18th of -June is correct. How does the Attorney General account for having taken no step and made no inquiry or investigationfromthe4thof Marchto the3d of June? Every document connected with the bank was in the custody of the official manager from the time of his appointment, although John Sadleir's letter was not found until after the 3d of June. If there was any exccue prior to the 3d of June, what justification was there for makingno inquiry, and taking out no copy of any affidavit from that date until after the 20th of June ? The letter of John Sadleir, with which the Crown Solicitor was fmnished with a copy on the 14th of June, should have awakened the AttorneyGeneralif anything could have done so. The AttorneyGeneralsaysthatJames Sadleir was amenable until the 17th or 18th of June. Did it require from the 3d of June to the 17th or 18th of June to swear informations ? Why was no application made to me prior to the 20th of June ? If there had, I should have stated the entire case to any per. son deputed by the Attorney-General, and referred to every document, and I should, if so required, have postponed giving judgment. On the 20th of June, after I had given judgment, the Attorney-General's counsel and the Crown Solicitor waited on me in the Rolls Chamber. Why was the visit postponed until then? Of 'what use was this visit at that time, if the AttorneyGeneral be right that James Sadleir had ceased to be amenable on the 17th or'lSth of June? Who is responsible thatno step was taken to ascertain whether James Sadlier was implicated fron the 3d of June until afterI had givea jndgment on the 20th of June? NTo amount of mystification can get rid of that plain inquiry. The real history is thisz -The rastx had exonerated James Sadleir on grounds which the public do not understand. There was abundant evidence against James Sadleir, independently of John Sadleir's letter, which w13 not found until after the Sd of June. The Attorney General paid no attention to the observations made by me on that day, which showed that I had come to an entirely different conclusion from the Master, although I had not seen John Sadleir's letter at that time. The AttorneyGeneral thought, I presume, that I should not be able, when giving judgment, to substantiate the statement h:ad made and he remained passive until the judgment which I gave on the 20th of June rendered it plain that he must cease to hold office or perform his duty to the public. It was, however, according to his statement, then too late. James Sadleir, he says, is no longer amenable, and that be has not been so sinco the 17th or 18th of June, and he thinks it just and proper to cast the responsibility on me that he is not amenable. Let him first exonerate himself from the heavy charge of not having taken a single step until after I had given judgment on thu 20th of June to ascertain whether there was evidence to implicate James Sadleir. Lot him not inagine that he can with all his sophistry mystify that question. What the publie want to know is this-first, Why did he take no trouble to investigate the charges publicly and openly made against,James Sadleir letween the 4th of March and the 3d of June? Secondly, Why did he not attempt to investigate those charges between the 3d of June and the 20th of June? Thirdly, 'Why did he omit to investigate a single fact or read a single document affecting James Sadleir until after he ceased to be amenable? He read, I presume, John Sadleir's letter on the ltth of June, bat that letter, per we, afforded IsO evidence against James. This is a most grave and serious charge, and is not to be got rid of by any insinuation that I am msponsible. I now conclude with these inquiries .-Was it I who was to blame that the Attorney-General took no trouble to investigate the gigantic frauds of the bank, or to make James Sadleir amenabie between the 5th of March and the 3d of June? Was it I who 'was to blame that the Attorney-Genera did not take out a copy of any affidavitfromthe Master's office betweenthe3d ofJuneand the 20th of June, or adopt the necessary proceedings to make James Sadleir amenable during that period. The letter of John Sadleir, of which the Crown Solicitor was in possession on the 14th of June, renders the omission to take any step or nake any inquiry whether James Sadleir could be connected therewith the more inexcusable. Was it my fault ihat the Attorney-General took no steps until after the 20th of June, -when he had ascertained that James Sadleir had ceased to be amenable? I have no apprehension of leaving it to the decision of the public as tothe person on whon the blame rests, and the Attorney-General may lest assured that no sophistry or mystification CaD get rid of the plain unvarnished detail of facts which I have put; forward in my own defence, and which can neither be gansaid or denied." MuIrnA PAY BIEZ.-A bill halsbeen brought in to defrsy the charge of the pay, clothing, and other contingent expense6 of thle lisembodied-Miltja in the unitd kingdom, to grantallowees in cert cases to subaltern oficers, adjutant aymaster, qrmasters, sueons, and surgeons' matea of the Miilitii, and to authorize the employmneut of non-commissioned officesn. The bill is under the care of the Premaier, lHr. iF. Peel, sand hir. Fitzeroy.
2TE CALEDODIPIA BALL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I am quite sure that very many of your readers wiw beglaia to learn that the resLlt of the grand Caledonia ball, of the 20th uit., at Vwllies:Rooms, under thop&tronage of our Queen, has produced a net sum of 72901. 3s. 6d.. in aiE of the Ndirdarable charities towards which it is aimually held. Ibegtothnulk, in the name of the comunitteesof thoseinstit. tion6, those kind friends who have upon the occasioaL afforded their aid and presenee, and, Remain. Sir. vonr obedient sirvant. CHAI.LES FORBES. Broomwood, Jiay 10.
THI WVATER SUPPLY OF BELGRA VI. TO THEM DITOE OF TEEB TIMES. Ssr,-Will you allow me to state throngh the medium of ne Timhes that the Beigrave sulhdistrict is now supplied-with -wate from a new source at Kingston, and to recomn mend that the inhabitants of Belgravia should direct their water receptacles to be well clearsed, for I have had occa. seon to observe while examining the water formerly mp. plied that :it not only cntained insects, vegetable matters gsst, ac., but also black beetles, soot, and other impuritie; owing to tle dirSy state of the cisterns used, not only by thepoorere¢lasres, bnst also by others in a better station of life. Iam, Sir, yonr obedient ssrvk1t c. J. Bt. ADIs, ]JID.;3Medicj Officer of I- vi .o wD. uearge-r, flanover-square I, C4ester-terrace, ChestWr-squure, July Il'
FATA CoAiaT ExrxLosiow.-An adjourned inguest'was concluded on Thursdxy momnig at tleBILains -inn respecting the deaths of 11 men, which were caused by "1cho'ke daamp" in the deep pit colliery in the .pariah'of Blaina, Wales, on that da 'week' The following it a list of the decea3ed :-Samue]. uvesk& 20 years of agc;Nosh VAughn 21 ai flix - 5 Richard Kethruld. 23; 'Roheet Arnold, 18; 'Wfliam LewI, 13 - andl James Mora0 19. The twofollowin,fdied fromn being irurt :-Geoqrle Mrua, 28, and'WifUisam. rker, 20.COne of thie decee,George .1reMZbtpd21, livecl 27 homns after ben brught-up. Mopkl.ewi,,the eleve-nth man,waeaged 30. IiwaetuseSnt 'whowent down after the explosiou. After I lo( n.ir cDnaeqnent upon the ex$ceon, and the jurY wilshd -ther verdict to he, accoimparnied by thei following reoommesds'. tiona :-" That the lock cafety IrIAP a*Wnd Ie nied while the present systemn of ventilation is contianed; that so es tshe collier's arn allowed to work by might thiet shoud= somne one appointed to superintendi *Cthee by zilht~as welt as by da-y." - '
:AMIAMER.ABRY INTRLLIGENCB. HOUSE OF LORDS, FiMAY, JULY 11. The LORD CASCEOR took his seat on the woolsack at b'edcock. Thefollowing billswere read a third time ana paied:Cairmess Estate Bill, Davidson's Divorce Bill, Lewes, Eastbourne, and Haiklham Road Bill Conway and LlMandudno XRid Bill, West of Fife Miineral Raiway ill. Maybole,and G;i'rvan Railway Bill, Forest of DnCentralRailway BBill, ,Severn Navigation Imurovenent Commission Bill (Amend- -neuts), Thames Havens :Dock and R<ailway EBil (Amondnents). . Anu EDUCATION INSCOTLLAND. nu rof petitis rom various places-in Scotland,for and against the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill and the Education (Scotland) B.IL, were 'presnted by the Dunk&of BuJcasnoar, the Earl of GnowAv, anid the Duke of CASE OF PERTAUB SNGH AND BISHEU SINGH. The Earl of ELLENBOROUGtHrequested theirlordships' - attention to a petition he wsas about to present 'fron two gentlemen, natives of the Punjab. HIe thought it right to ' present that petition because it was expedient that the -native inhabitants of Indis should thoroughly understana . that thev were Her Majesws subjects, and -that it was as open to them to have recoutse to ParoIaent as to any ,ersons born in Ithe united cingadon. The petitioners, Fertaub Singh and Bishen Singh, -complained of a very great grievance, for wliich they had no xemedy in India, and they felt that it was only bygiving publiesty to their grievance in this country that it was possible for them fo obtain redress; anid, although they were not able to transport themselves to this country, to takce a house in the metropolis, and to leave their cards cpon every member of Parliament previously to the presenting cfa petition in which they wifre concerned, still their losdships would not on that account give a less favourable b3eazing to th3eir statement. These gentlemen were the lineal descendants of a. great religious leader and teacher of the Sikhs, who lived more than 200 years ago. He was a man of great influence, and his family had, from that time to the present, maintained themselves in the position of gentlemen, retaining their possessions through all the cala. 3.ities of war. They stated that the grants by -which theyd held their property existed in3 the archives of the LahorE Government, that they had teen verified by officers of the Indian Government, and certified to be correct. There was, oftherefore, no doubt that they were in therightful possession of the land. They said that they had never acted againsts-the Gohernoment of India, bnt had, onthe contrary, assisted thenm asfarasthey o ere able. Ufon the conquest of theiPunja t.he Board of Administration recommended that one-foush of their earoierty should be retained by the Goverment. Xnoivinj thenrecessity that; existed of raising resources for the purpose of maintaining order, these gentlemen said that they did not object tothesacrifice of thisfourth partof their property. The Board of Administration further proposed that; thceremaining three-fourths should he enjoyed by the petitioners for the remainder of their lives, and that after their death a portion of their property, equal to about onethird of the original property, Ehould be perpetually secured to their descerdants. The Indian:Government, on the 26th -of Way, 1853, confirmed the taking away of one-fourth of the property, leaving the petitioners three-fourths, but rejected the proposal of the Board of Administration perwitting their descendants to retain the amount of one-third. 1'hu petitioners stated that this was not the system acted ,upon allover the country; but that in their own neighbourhoodpersors were inthe enjoyment of property wiech upon their death was secured to their descendants. The ,deputy-commissioner of the district in which the petitioner lived stated that they -were very respectable men, of high character both among Europeansand natives, andthatthey held the position of country gentlemen. This statement -was made in a letter from the deputy-commissioner to Mr. }aikes, and Mfr. Paikes himself said that Pertaub Sineh was a respectable gentleman, -whom he commended to tne protection of the East India Government, upon his visit to Calcutta. ColonelLake also bore testimony to the respectability of these gentlemen. The petitioners stated that they were now in the melancholy position of feeling that after their deaths their descendants would be reduced to penury. If the same principle had been acted upon so Scinde, where the whole of the armed population wrere fig,hting against the gnovernment which had been adopted in the Punjab, Scinde would have been in a state of continual insurection during the last 14 years. But the course pur sued in Scinde had been to continue the landowners in possession of their estates upon their swearing allegiuace to the G overmnent. The result had been that, from that time to the present, not one hand had baeen raised against the Government, and the armed police -were amply sufficient for maintaining internal 7ranquillity. How different was the state of things in the Punjab, where the absolute right of conquest had been asserted. That country requi7ed 50,CCO soldiers for its protection, besides an armed police force of 18,000 or 20,000 men. It was a subject of most serious consideration what would be the result of the policy which we had been now for many years pursuing. We had not been intentionaUy pursuing that policy in any part of India, but the inexorable severity of our fiscal administration had had the effect of changing the distribution of pror,ert everywhere, and of establishing a state of society without any, or very rare, gradations of rank-a nation without a gentry. There was in India, or there soon would be, nothing between a foreign Sovereign and the native labourer. The Government had endeavoured to introduce into the Punjab a system which they depreca.ted everywhnere alse-to annihilate the present proprietors of the soil, to substitute none for them, to have nothmg betwAeen the Government and the labourerand, in doing so, did they suppose that they had created the state of society upon -which it would be ptossible to brian education to act wvith a view to the mornl improvement oi the people? Could thev improve by education a suffering mation of paupers? Could they raise a population rediced *by distress to that low level? If, at ay future time, any circumstances vhatevershould lead to a general insurrection in India, wbat hope could there be for the Government'what help could there be for the people? (Hear, hear.] He had heard gentlemen express hopes of India being, at some distant period, rendered capable of self-government, and he had heard them speak with indignation of the cennexion of the British Government veitia that country. He was desirous to maintain that connexion for ever if it could be maintained with honour to ourselves and with benefit to the people; but how could we produce extensive benefits in a country wherewe established a system such as he had described ? That feeling had always pressed upon his mind. It was not the first time he had tEought it necessary tomention it to their lordships, and he hbped the subject would at all times receive the attention of those -who were connected with tho government of India. (Hear.) Inthisparticular casehereally thoughtitimpossible that the Government could have deliberately decided, as they had decided with respect to the petition of these gentlemen. He could not but hope that among an enormous mass of cases this case had been decided hastily. He trusted the Government here would recommend it to the reconsideration of the Government in India, and relying uorn the statements of these letters he hoped they would relieve the British Administration from the discredit and injury which must be the consequence if this injustice were continued. (Hear hear.) The Duke of ARGYLL said, the natives of India should be encourged in the feeling, that in any claim for justice there was a court of appeal in the British Parliament, and he trusted every ntive of India would always find an advocate as able and jidicious as the noble earL But there -was ths disadvantage, that it was impassible the Government could have full information of the details in every indivsidual case, which might suddenly be brought under consideration. The noble earl haad referred to tbe gencral principles laid down by Lord Dalhousie with reference to the government of the Punjab; but though the noble earl seemed to wish to point omit some great distinction between that government and the govemment of other provinces, le professed that his anxietyextended to the administration of India generally. The Earl of ELLENBOROUGH said, what he stated was, that an entirely different course was adopted in the government of Scinde. The Duke of ARGYIL said, his impression was, that tlhere was no great distinction between the principles laid down for the government of the Punjab and those laid down for the government of other provinces. Bet, while he could never look into thehistoryof Indiawithoutsome doubts as to the right by which, at various times, we had taken posECSsion of some parts of that territory, and he was not quite sure the doubt did not arise vith regard to Scinde, if ever a provincewere acquired in a legitimate mode it was the eonjab. In a time of profound peace our lndian territories 'were attacked bya powerful army, and their lordships would reccollect the alarm which was created by the temporary success of that army. After astruggle of considerable duration we succeeded in entirely conquering snd subduing the Punjab; and under those circustances the Government acquired the right to treat the Punjab as a conquered *country. Haviglsid dovicertain:general principlesthelate *Governor-General of India classifiedthe cases'with which the Government would have to deal, and this case cane under the fifth head of Lord Dalhousie's instructions. The general principle eas that these grants shouldbe resumed by the Government, exeept in cases where the grants were for special religious services, to be maintained so long as the reli6io-usbuildingforwwhichthey vwere -ivenvwaskeptinrepair The noble earl, relying no doubt upon the statements con. tained in the petition, had stated that the grants in question had been made for religious and charitable purposes. That plea had already been submitted to the Indian Governmient, which had decided there was no ground for such a statement. The cases were therefore decided upon the general principle. He wrould invite their lordships to consider seriously the nature of these claims. The noble earl-had not - distinctly stated whether he wou"ld adopt as a general p-in-ciple the perptuity of all grantsinInSia, but iF that were done it wsoul4Nevolve the moat sesious consequences. At present the life-grants in the Punjab amounted to one-fifth of the total amount of the revenue of the province, and if all grants were to be regarded as perpetual it would become neeessary to incrase the ureSUre of drr.fiscal system upon the unprivilegedelasses of'India in order tocarryonthoblusi- nres of governmeat there. He -ws not at present in possession of detailed information upon the cases referred to in the petition, nor of the grounds upon which the supreme Government of India had decided ther y were not exceptional cases, but he would communicate with his right hor, friend at the head of the Board of Control, as there was no desire - On the part of the Government to prevent a recorsider-sion of any case in which there might he any peuliar circumn'tt-ncer. The Earl of ELLENBOIOUGH remarked, that in tMese particular cases tIme commissioners had recommended that the descendants of the grantee should have one-third of the -wole grant in perpetuity. TSze Marquis of CLANRICIARDE hoped that inquiry 'woulA be made into the -whole system of Indian government, It was absurd to telk of the people of India having an appeal to Parliament if their pehttlons were allowea to remain unnoticed updq the tables and their demands cr justice defeated by technicalities. The noble duke adi pleaded a;- strange pla when he said that the ostcn of the resumption of ,grantnustnot be touched at flu, anid tbst if MI g r s wFere to )j isMa-tmiuid the wou ld - swllow up the whole revenues of the comntry,and render fovermnentimupoaaible. Ther3 might be truthbshhat plda, to a grant, the exigencies of the State were such that it must be ignored. That was a principle that must be wel.ohEidpred before the Parliament of England could adopt it, Up to 180Sno question of resuming these grants had ever ansen, but soon alter that - pe-od an opinion was put forth by men wise and able, no douub, to* the effect -tbat-th circumatances of all grants should be inquired into. That proposition was disputed, and a controversy arose upon it. In 1828 an inquiry was instituted, not in the fairest meanner, ILi one case which came before the Privy Council p6n appeal the first commissioner who had been appointed had decided that the grant could not be resumed. The East India Company were not satisfied, and appointed another commissioner, who decided in their favour. A third commissioner was appointed, who agreed with the first, but that first cormmissioner, in the mean time, had changed his opinion and adopted the views of the second commissioner.'. A fourth commissioner was appointed, and the Indian Government having got twocommissioners to decide in their fasour seized the land in dispute and annulled the grant. He begged their lordships to consider the importance of the subject, and whether it was not necessary, for the maintenance of the good name of this country, to inquire into the justice of complaints such as those put forth in the petition which the noble earl had presented. - The petition was .then ordered to lie upon the table, and the subject dropped. THE IIA STAF. The Duke of BUCCLEUCH rose to ask the noble lord the Secretary at War what wras the intention f Her Majest's Government with respect to the constitution and pay of the permanent staff of regiments of militia, and as to the retention of acting quartersasters on the permanent staff? Unlessthe Government retained the militia force in a state of efficiency, it wolld vithin a few months be as inefficient as it was before the late war broke out. For many years before the late war a nalitia staff was kept up, but they were foind mostly to be old men, who had not for many years had any opportunity of refreshing their memories as to vhat were the duties of active service, and who were in reality quite unable to discharge the duties required of them. e trusted it vas not the intention of Government to suffer the militia to fall again into such a state of desuetude. He understood that a feeling had been strongly expressed in both houses of Parliment as to the necessity as well as the expediency of keeping up a strong militia force, so that in the event of another war breaking out they might beat once able to take the place of garrison troops, or cven to enter into the regular nrmy so far drilled as to be prepared at once to jomn the service companies wherever their services might be required. Butthe particular point to which he wishedto call attention was ihe present condition of the permanent stff of the militia. In hsis opinion, anditwasthe opinionof many officerswith whom he had spoken on the subject, that wtith the present number put on the permanent staff it wrould be impossible to keep up the efficiency of the regiments. There could be no doubt that the numbers on the staff were too limited. The men ought to be called out for training every year, and the staff should be of a number sufficient to dispense with the necessity of calling upon the pensioners or any Portion of. the regular amny to aid in their training. He would strongly urge that the staff should receive the same pay as that which they received when embodied, and that they should be required to devote their whole time to their duties, and not be forced to engage themselves in civil employments to enable them to exit ; for it was impossible that they could exist on the miserable pay which they now received. They ought also to receive rations and Id. a-day in like manner tis was allowed to recruiting parties. There was another point to which he would call the attention of the noble lord. We cnsideredit to be an extreme hardship that the quartermasters could not be appointed to the staff unless they first accepted a subaltern's commission upon a reduced pay of 5s. a-day. The Militia Pay Bill was an the course of passing through the,House of Common;, and it would be perfectly in the power of the Government to talk some steps to remedy the hardships to which he had alluded. The Duke of RICELIOND said that if it were desired to keep the militia in an efficient state it was absolately necessary to keep up an efficient permanent staff. At present the adjutant of a militia regiment who had very onerous duties to discharge, and upon whom mainly depended not only the efficiency of the battalions in drill and in maneeuvring, butwhat was of still greater importance, their discipline, was not in his opinion sufficiently remunerated. It was an easy task to command a regiment of militia if it possessed an efficent adjutant, but if not it was quite the reverse. Now what was done at present to secure the services of efficient nien? Why, a man who had risen from the ranks in the line by his meritorious conduct was given an adjutancy in the militia at a certain salary per annum, and if he served 10, 15. or 20 years, he received no increase of pay. Now, he wouild put it to his noble friend the Minister for War, who had himself been in the army, whether it would not be advisable to hold out a hope of an increase of pay? At resent men were placed in a position which compeled them to live like gentlemen, without means being afforded to them for so doing, and in fact adjutants who had horses were obliged to clean them themselves whtr. out upon training. There was another point to which he w.ished to call the attention of his noble fnend, and that was, that sonme regiments of militia had quartermasters and others had not. he regiment which he had the honour to command had n quartermaster,.bnt he perceived that the Northamptonshire Militia, which had lately returned from service m the Mediterranean, had none. Now, if a quartermaster was necessary for one regiment, he was necessary for another. The pay of the sergeants on the permanent staff appeared to him to be ridiculouwlv smalL They received only lOs Gd. a-week-an absurdly smallsum. If the countrybhad come to sucha pass that it could not afford a certain sunm in order to retain 100 regiments of miiitia in an efficient state, for Heaven's sake let the number he reduced to 50, but let them be kept efficient. During the late war some regiments of militia had not been embodied at al, and it would have been very desirable to draught the men from those regiments into otners which were embodied. He was aware that it was said that the lOs. Gd. a-week was only intended to be in aid of the income derived by those persons from their usual trade or occupation, but if sergeants were permitted to carry on their usual trade or occupation they would soon become useless for their military duties, and most certainly recruitingforthevariousreginents would not becarried on proerly He would now say afew words upon what the comnmanderslof militia regiments were obliged to do in consequence of the inadequate pay of 10s. 6d. a-week given to non-commissioned officers. They were forced to take old pensioners, who brought into the militia regiments all the different systems under which they had served in the line, and the consequence was great confusion and difficulty. Besides, it would be found that these pensioners did not leave their regiments as long as they were really efficient, and he could assure their lordships that the non-commissioned officers and adjutants of the militia had far more onerous duties to perform than the same class in the wsell-regulated regiments of the line. It wouald be a great boon ton: valuable class of men if the permanent staff of the militia were permitted to draw their bread and meat from the contractors at contract prices No charge wouald thereby be made upon the couintry. He hoped the Government would keep the militia in an efficient state. If the sum voted by Parliament would not be sufficient to maintain 10 regiments in a state of efficiency, for Heaven's sake let the number be reduced, because a small effective force would be of far more value than a large imeffective one. What he complained of was, that the officers of the nilitia were required to keep up the discipline of their regiments without being provided with the means of doing so. The Duke of SOMERSET thought that before their lordships were asked to consider what should be the militia in time of peace they ought to have some information from the Government in regard to the probable expense of the force. When the militia was first embodied an estimate of the cost was laid on the table of the House of Commons, and he wished the Government would now state vhether that estimate had been adhered to. Over and over again motions had been made in the other house with the view of ascertaining what the expense of the mpilitia bad really been; but those motions had uniformly been evaded, and no information had been given by the Government. It would be no easy matter to decide in what form the militia should be maintained, bat he apprehended it would be a hopeless task to attempt to keep up a permanent staff in time of peace. Tbat plan was tried before, but the result was, that after a few years the staff became worn out and inefficient. But, before deciding what form the militia should assume, their lordehips should ascertain from the Government what had been from the first the extent of the force and what the expense. They would then be able to judge how far it might be desirable during peace to keep up any ortion Of the militia. At, present there was a strong feeling in the country in favour of the maintenance of an efficient military force; hut they might depend upon it that in a few years there would boa great c5ange in that therefore it was all the more necessary that shouldh done rashly or without due consideration. Lord PANIRE, who spoke in so low tone that very few of his observations reached the gallery, was understood to say that it was the object of the Government to prevent the militia falling into the condition in which it existed before thelatewar, and that it was their intention with that view to call out for training, if not the whole, a cons'derable portion of the force in each year. They proposed to maintain a permanent staff, which, although nnt in itself sufficient to furnish non-commissioned officers for all the regiments, wouid yet be adequate in time of peace to the discharge of the duties entnmsted to it. He could see no objection to a system of that kind, and be cpuld assure their lordships that the staff would not be stinted in numbers. It was, m his opinion, of the greatest importance that the non-commissioned officers of the militia should, during a state of p;eace, engage in civil occupations, and, therefore, he could not agree in the remarks which had been mnade as to the inadequacy of their pay. Their military duties were not sufficient to occupythe whole of their time, and if asked to abstain from other emoployment-their pay being increased-they would be compelled to spend the --greater part of the year in comparative idleness. - fe saw no great necessiy for furnishing them with rations, or allowances in lieu of rations, bat the suggestion that they should be permitted to draw their bread and meat at conius prce wa wothyofconideatin,and might pe trhactp rices bea ed. Prevously tothe late war there were no quartermasters onthe permanent staff of the militia; but it appeared to him that their services might be made avalaisle in assisting the adjutants to look aftier the stores. liKe thought the Government hasd acted wisely in placwig uatrastr on the permaneat'tf inlarge regimient&,in which there was a quantity of stores, but in small regiments there Wa not so uche necessity for these officers. It was thle intentilon of the GJovernmnent to maintain, as far as pestic, the e.¶cliency of the mlitia regiments, in order that they might be in a state to asist the line when i d -and ho could not - itdlown witheutremarking how ceial it was to the noblte duke andl to the officers in command ofL mArtOf themilituarebrnsents in the M;bi~dointo have allweld ileir ento be broken up by sending their best meni into t e. - ° The DuIke of CLEVELAND said, t'he regiment with which he was connected had derited gteat benefit from the appointment of a quartem ter to take care of the stores He was not aswar that there wax any difference betweea acting andp-rmaneut quartAemaster, and he was therefore much astonished at finding, Lfier the quartermiaster of his regimnent had. ated for two months, thatthe pay of t1at of v-er as to-be disallowed. Hewilhed to Inow whethel, the Government intended 1o. give any compensation Ito quartermasters in that position for hswvixg discharged their duties for some time without reoeiving anypay | Thte Msarquis of ChALlRICARDR also complained that {he acting quartermaster of hie regiment had been deprived of them avantages to which be ws entitled. He wished to 'know what arrang,ements had been made for the lodging' of thegmilitiaein Ireland, and q 'hether thesdnalbtracks not now occupied were to be ruad3 available for that purpose? Ilord PANMdEh , in reIyo to thernobteaduke, said, it was well known, when men were appointed to the office of quartermaster, that such appointments wvould not carry wit them appointments on ithe permanent staff wfen the rzegiments were disembodied, If it could be shown that any mrmqntsio which quGroermasters had not been anpited habolda greater quastity of stores than' could oe placed under the charge of the sergeant-major, he would takc intso consideration the appointment of a quartermaster to these regiments. WVith regard to the qutestion of the noble marquis, if the Govermenent hlad barracks not occupied he should recommend that they ehould he disposed of' for the publc advantage. After a few words fronm the Marquis of CLAINRICARDI:, the conversation dropped. lE?GDOM O}F ]OLAND. lord LYINDHIUST.-Yonr lordsbips will, I hope, allor me, eyen.at this hour, to say z, very few, words' explaining the object which I have-had in view in putting the question to my noble friend of which I have given notice. In a recent publication by an eminent foreign statesman, Count Montalembert, he complains in strong terms of the course pursued by the late Congress of Paris in censuring the Governments of Naples and Greece, and ha contrasts that course with the silence whicca prevailed relative to the wrongs of Poland, which, he says the conigress would have been justified in taking notice of, both diplomatically and morally, in consequence of thi ancient treaties entered into with that country. He enlarges with his usual eloqVenco upon this subject. Mfy lords, I am compelled to admit that, as far as appears upon the face of the protocols, there is nothing whatever to show that the affairs of Poland were at ali brought under the consideration of the congresi. But I know my noble friend opposite too well, and I have too high an opinion of his manly and generous character to suppose for a moment that he would be sii'ent on such a subject. I am persuaded that such a silence would have been impossible for him. Allow me to recall some of the past circumstances connected with this question. The Congress of Paris reproe sented the Sovereigns, who were also represented in the Congress of Vienna, in 1815. We know very wel that one of the most important subjects considered at the Congress of Vienna was the arrangement made with respect to Poland. That subject underwent great and anxious consideration. After a long struggle it was agreed that the duchy of Warsaw should be raised into a kingdom, and that the crown should be conferred upon the Emperor of Russia for tho time being. This arrangement was come to upon the express and distinct condition wshich was insisted upon vwith great earnestness by all the parties to the treaty, and perhaps with greater earnestness by Lord Castlereagh than bj any one else. The conditions oi' the arrangement were, that Poland should remain a separate kingdom, that it shoul I never be incorporated with tle Russian empire, that it' national institutions should bs preserved, that it should have a representative assembly, and that the administration of the financial department and of the army should alvwys be kept distinct. These wera the terme finally settled by the Congress of Vienna, and which it was thought alsolutely necessary to impose. The Emperor Alexander swore to the observance of these conditions. The Emperor Nicholas also swore to the observance of the constituition, but afterwards, regard less of the earnest remonstranoss of the allies, regardless o the oath he had taken, he incorporated the territory o' Poland in the eripire of Russia, making it an integral par of that empire. From that period the Emperor Nicholas passed a series of laws the object of which was to extinguish the Polish name and character. The works of art in the palace at Warsaw were transferred to St. Petersburg. The two universities of Warsawv and Wilna were totally abolished. The national schools were either abolished or remodelled. Mauy thousands of the in. ferior order of nobles were transported to distant parts of the Russian empire. The language of Russia was ordered to be introduced in administering the laws throughout the whole of Lithuania, and it was ordered that in every schooi of the empire there should be some person to instruct the people in the Russian language. The Polish dress {vas prohibited, and all the inferior orders were commanded to *car the Russian dress. All these circumstances must have been present to my noble friend at the time of that congress, and the more so that last year, before the war terminated, the allid Powers were engaged in forming a Polish legion which was to be commanded by the most eminent of the Polish exiles. My lords, under these circumstances. it is impossible to suppose that my noble friend opposite could have been silent on the subject to which I have referred. I have no doubt that he must have brougLt this subject under the view of 'he plenipotentiaries of Russia at the congress, and that he must have earnestly remonstrated on the subject. I entertain no doubt as to the course which my noble friend pursued, but I fear the result has been unsatisfactory, and that no beneficial issue has resulted from the representations of my noble friend. So far from that being the case, the Government of Russia has taken elaborate pains to furnish proof, for the purpose of convincing Europe and the inhabitants of Poland that she will not allow any intervention with respect to that territory or with respect to the mode in which it is governed. I refer to what has recently taken place at Warsawiupon the entry of the Emperor into that place, and to the language which he held to the two assemblies who met him. Upon that occasion he addressed the nobles and the clergy in a speech which was very short, very precise, and very emphatic. He said nothing would induce him to depart from the policy of his predecessors with respect to PolandL He said it was for the interest of Russia that Poland should form part of the Russian empire-of the Russian family. He added that it was also for the interest of Poland. This was followed by murmurs. Ife said, "Entertain no iusions; or, if you do entertain illusions, let them only lead to noble aspirations; for if they go beyond that I, who can reward, can punish. I knowhov to punisb, and, if necessity occur, I wiUl punish." "Above all," he said, concluding his speech, "no visionary dreams-no visionary dreams." Nothing could be more marked than this speech-nothing more marked than the poliry he intended to adopt; and I must regret, whatever passed between my noble friend and the Plenipotertaries at the Congress, that it was attended with no beneficial results. Bat this is only one par' of the subject to which I have to call your lordships' attention. My noble friend expressed at the Congress a strong and earnest desire that an amnesty should be granted by the King of Naples for political offenders. It is impossible to suppose for a moment that my noble friend should not at the same time have urged in the strongest terms an amnesty for the Poles. My noble friend gives no sign of asEent at this moment, but I am persuaded my noble friend must have urged the necessity of that amnesty. My lords, what is called an amnesty has in truth been granted. What is called, I say, for -it "keeps the word of promise to the ear, hut breaks it to the hone." (lear, hear.) Everything -which deserves to be caIled an amnesty should be of a comprehensive characterof a generous character. It should be precise in its terms. Asto exceptions, they shoild be distinct and clear, and the exceptions should be of such a nature as to be justffied in the opinion of the world. Try this amnesty by this test. It is stated that persons, on their return to Poland shall be free from indictmnent and prosecution. But under what circumstances are they to return? What are the limits? Every person who desires to return shall in the first instauce present apetition. Hemust state inthat petition under what circumstances he left the territory of Russia, and he must state minutely everything which occurred to him from that period down to the moment of his return. If the officer of the Government is satisfied with this explanation, tben only is hepermittedto avail himself of the amnesty; his civilrightsare restored. But,my lords,wealllknowandwealI rememner,that there was a sweeping confiscation of the pro. perty of all cmigrants. Not a siegle wyord is said about the restoration of property o-rany-p-a-rt-o-f it-; so th-a't a man -h is allowed to -retuarn, returns honselessa, distressedl, ontcust, and pexnyless. (Hear, hear.) Such is the amnesty, so far as the return to the country is concerned. But what is his situation after his return? He is for three YearS Under the urefvilloarceof the police. Everybody knows and feelswhat must be the position of a person for three Years under the ,sucsiffasce of the Russian police; and after the expi. ration of that time, if the report is favourable, n is then allowed to be a candidate for official em-. p°loynent. Exceptionsr my lords, as I stated before should be precise and well defined. These, exceptions are most vague and unsatisfactory. I find that no person shall be allowedl to return who exhibits a spirit of hostilitny against the Rusrian Government ; and who is to decide upon what may bea spirit of host.:i gainstthe Russian Government? The officers ofth Rssii3i"Governm6ht. What can be more Unsatisfactory than A provision of this kind. (Hear, hear.) Buit there is one other point to whic a I would call your attention. Weknow that m the strgl for the liberty of Poland some of th os qsc g Ih ihabitants of Poland -wero taken prisone and set ot foot in1 chains tthdersofSiberia. No Part of the amnesty comprehen6s any of that class of person. I have heard that some persons are surprised that the most eminent of the Polish exiles have refused to avail themoselves of this amnlesty They.have stated their reasons in a documient whiho lies -upon your lordships? table. They say, " We don not objeetio this amnesty from Personal considerations or fvv4ngs, lu Qj pyb;aciple~, for, if we avail oursePlves of thlis amnnety, we tho o n struggling for the prweratiolL of tbe -liberties of our country, and we sbl- admit -tse justioe of the proGcedings taks enapinsts." Uponthoee. randi;tlheitforem they refused to availthemaelve. aotit,: and, in doing so- I tbink they t e id te or bear.) If my noble fien did- POhi in the conferences,the result of hl interferenee inut be nd only rmor- tifying' to him; but offensive-to'the Govermnt which he represnted. Itmaybe said. and-I dare say will be aid, that it is very inoovenient that I should bring forward question of this kind *t the resent moment,; lut I do not incline to thatopinion.- (Hear, hear.) I am in no way cn nnected with the Government. -No one is responsible for anythbig which fallsfrom me. I am not speaklig as the representative of any party. I am spealdng my own opinion, and I am sure, in speaking that opinion, I am speaking the opinion of every wise and temper te man in this country and on the continent of Europe. (Bear, hear.) I feel itis a daty that every person who is plaood in- a position where his voice can be heard should raise his voice in denouncing innusticc, tyranny, and oppression. (Cheers.) To commit injustice is a crime; to treat it with silenoe is to putip te in the criminality; and that mnust be my justification for the course I have taken. I wish, therefire, to put to mv noble friend, in point of form, the queAion of wlhich I haie given notice-that is, vhlether the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs has received any official communication of the recent act of amnesty issued in favour of the Polish exiles byothe Emperor of Rnssia and, if so, whether he will lay a cop of it or the ta'se of the house? (The noble lord resunmed! iis seat amid loud cheers;) The Earl of CLARENDONu said,-When the amnesty to: which my noble and learned friend has called the attention of your lordships -was recently issned We had neither diplomatic or consular agents of Russiai in. this country. Her Majesty's Governmaent have conser,uently not received a copy for the correctness of which ther can voucb, but that amnest-y has been published in all the newspapers, and I have no doubt that wEich is published is co:rect. My noble and -learned friend requires no apology oa his part for brnging this question under your lordships' consideration. He says truly he is speaking as an indepen. dent member of this House-that he belongs to no partythat no one is responsible for what he says, but he considers it his duty to lift up his voice against what he characterizes as injustice and oppression. He is at full liberty to take the course which he has taken, and I am sure hewill under stand that the responsibility which Weighs on me in the office which I hold prevents me following him in those remarks or characterizing the acts of a foreign Govemnment by such terms, and I ama further rcstrained by the belief that the cause of the Poles would be prejudiced rather than served by my doing so. (Hear, hear.) I have to assure my noble and learned friend that, being fully alive to all those circumstances in Polish history to which he has referred, and which are familiar to your lordships, the British plenipotentiary, in conjunction with the French plenipotentiary, had determined to bring the question of Poland before the congress, together with other matters of general and European interest, after a treaty of peace had been concluded. We had every reason to believe that the intentions of the Emperor of Russia towards Poland were generous and benevolent. We believed that the Emperor was prepared to grant a general amnesty, to restore certain national institutions to Poland, to recognize the religion and language of Poland, and to place education in Poland upon a larger and more national footing. We believed, in short, that it was the intention of the Emperor of Russia to depart from that harsh system which has hitherto prevailed in the Government of Poland, and upon that expectation we determined to bring the subject before the congress, but at, the same time we felt it would be our duty to make inquiry as to what rmight be the result of that proceeding on our parts. We believed that, although the Russian plenipotentiay might deny our right to interrogate him, and might say, in reply to our demands, that they were not there to answer any inquiries we might make respecting the internal administration of a portion of the Russian empire, yet we did think it might not be inconsistent with the policy of the Emperor of Russia, and might form a fitting collateral termination to the labours upou which we were engaged it Paris, that he should have authorized his plenipop tentiaries to announce to Europe the intentions he entertained towards Polaud, and the mode in which they were to be carried into effect. Bat when we found that this would not be the case, and that any proceeding on our part was likelv to lead tc misrepresentation in Russia, and would interfere with three acts of clemency for which certainly the Emperor of Russis had a right to choose his own time. and vhich as certainl3 would lose much of their grace if it were snpposed thit they had been suggested or promoted by those Powers with whoni he had lately been at war-when we found tbat sucb vwould be beyond all doubt the case, the French and En:glish plenipotentiaries departed from their previouis determina. tion, and they said nothing about Poland, not because they were indifferent to the fate and the futurity of Poland, but because they believed that in the present instance it would be for the interest of Poland itself to remain silent. That was the course we pursued, or rather those are our reasons for not pursuing the course which my noble and learned friend seems to think we ought to have foDowed. Certainly, after the expression of clement intentions on the -part of the Emperor of Russia upon his accession to the throne, I, for one, did look for a realization of those intentions, and, in common with every one else, I have felt * disappointment at this so-called amcesty. I am unable tc account for what has led to an act of clemency sO restricted in its nature, and which must be inoperativ, but I dc know that the mere rumour of a real and general amnesty produced tne greatest enthusiasm in Wasaw in favour o' the Emperor, and justified the belief wlhich was entertained in Paris that a large measure of this kind would be completely successful and would render the Polish subjects loyal and grateful, instead of being a source of trouble and an.;iety. I say, the mere rumour of an amniesty produced enthusiasm in favour of the Emperor of Russia, and I cannot but think that that manifestation of feeling mnst hate been gratifyig and, if I may presume to say so, encouraging to him, because, as far as we know the E Bperor's charcter, judging from all matters over which he personally presides, he is just and generous. Heis, sofaras we know, alive to the suFerings of his people, ho desires to promote their happiness and prosperity, and he is deeply sensible of the responsibility which weighs upon him in governing a vast empire which is entirely dependent upon his will. Therefore, my lords, if we are correct in our estimate of the Emperor's character, I cannot believe that Poland has not something more to hope for and to expect from him than this amnesty which my noble hasbrought under our notice. But, my lords, I must say I believe that if the Emperor does intend doing anything for PoLand it must he spontaneous, and I believe that that country would derive httle Sbenefit from, either Parliamentary discussion or the expression of individual opinion. (Hear.) THB CHELSEA COUMISSIONBEBS' REPORT. The Earl of LUCAN said, he. had nut a question, to the noble lord the Secretary for War on a previous evening, the answer to which was not satisfactory. The report of ihe Chelsea Commissioners, to which he had referred, hai been, he believed, placed in the hands of Her Majesty on Monday last, although the noble lord on Tuesday stated that he was not aware whnetherit had been presented at all. If however, it had been presented to IHer Majesty he wished to know why it had not already been laid upon the table of the house? The noble lord had led the House to believe that there was something still to be done before the report could be published; that at some subsequent stage after receiving H Sr Majesty's approval it would hare to receive the sanction of the Government. He (Lord Lucan) thought it was only right and just to himself and other officers that the report should be placed upon the table and published to the country at the earliest possible moment, lIe wished to ask the Secretary of State for the War Department when Hfer Majesty's Gxovernment would lay boefore Parliament the repcort of the Chelea Board of General Officers? Lord PANMURE agreed with the noble earl that it was only an act of justice towards those officers whose conduct had been impugued, and at whose instance the board of inquiry had been constituted, that the report of the board should be made public at the earliest possible moment. Tae noble earl had asked him a question upon the subject on Tuesday last, at which time he (Lord Panrnure) was n.t aware that the report had been presented to Her Majesty, and he answered accordingly. However,itappear dthe noble earl was better acquainted with what passed between Her Miajestyand the Coammander-in-Chief than himself, for it proved to ben fast that on Monday last the Commander-inChief did present the report, and was in the act of explaining some portion of it to H:er Majst when he was seized with the illess under which he stillflaboured. That report was presented in manuscript, and was unaccompanied by the evidence upon which it was based, and to which it constantly ,eferred. The evidence was now added, but Her Majesty, being anxious to make herself acquainted with that report, had not yet sent it to him (Lord Panmure), and therefore up to tbe present momentthe Government was not in possesson of it. The course which the Government pro. posed to foUow in regard. to the report was based npoU- the precedent of the inquiry which resulted from the a0onven- tion of Cintra. The commissioners reported to the Commander-in-Chief, and, through him, to the Sovereign, who then referred the report to her Mimisters for any zdvice thereupon which they might deem it their duty to submit. That was the course which the Judge-Advocate had pronounced to be regular and according to pre cedent, and whioh the Govermsent intended to adopt. When the report shold be sent to the Government they. would take it into consideration, so far as it was their duty to do so, before they gave any advice to the Sovereiga upon the subject. The Earl of AGCAN moid thatfrom what had fadeafrom the noble lord he did not see t;he tightest prospect of justice Eeing done to tiose oficers at whose instance the inqui was instituted, therefore he should rgive notice tha6 he would move an. address to Her Majesty on Tuesdy next f ior the papers. PAROCHIAL SCHIOOLS (SCOTLAD) BrrI. : The Duke of w in GYiL moved that this bill be read a second time. TheDuka of BJCOLEUTCH said that, although he should not oppose the second reaeing of- the hil, yet there were seine previsions in it which would be required to ho- altered in committee before he could approve its being passed lfcer a short conversation, thebiD wera read a second timne The followving bills passed through* committee :Stoke Poges Hospital, and Church Bullding Comission. The followng wbere read thethird tie. iud 'Tainpke A~ct Y_= @WB&;I;S, 11 B ;DIs Ss ion, ;ndCh iilil-- - -: Te C0te afollege ame sd & Thei loarddipe thcn djoume&t hal-paat 8 o'clock.
I ROUSE QYOF::0 MO1:S, Amxkr,; JULY - NEW MEMBEM' |Sir W. t t , the newlj,elected member for 'Cane, too} the oathb3 and his Ee3t The gelant G:eerai wais introIdAned by Lord GODERICE and Sir G. PECHE,LL atid was oee witht cheers on making ]liE appearanoe in the Petitions tor the'extended juriadiction of the County C0d3t of England,and Wales were presented bs lCr. lf.s DAIL, frim,na erchauts; traders, and otheers of forough of ledbury in. the'ounty of-Eereford. Chippeian, Uan. rwst, Tredegar, Readin Spilsby, Holbeach, Mel- jin, - Chapel-en-le-Frlfi- * Wt n, Westbury, -oghborougb. IMlinesabury, .Swaffbarn- Caine, Led=ry, and. Chard ;h-by lir. SPooNER, from the inhabitaints, ers, and otlter;of TmubridgWells, Tenterden, TisiTirIdge, Dattfird,AsAford, and Ramsgat; by Mr. E: B!T, from rrerchantfs; trader- and others of Uttxeier, -m the&county of Stifford ,-by r. BAss, from-the. b6rotgh Df Derby *-y. Coaf&urd;, from Hastlngs, Shipston-on-Stour, Hnrwich,- Crediton, aistor and Czickhowel1; by-Mr. S. FITZGERAID. from Hosehu, b Mfr. CoLvnA,' from Wikswortb, Derbyhire by I - 'Trrz, from Barc-staple, by Mr. from Mlchfield; by Mr.. .H4oDr , from the members of the ingston.upon-Hll Iai Society; and bv lr CALEY, . fronm- Totness, Devon. Kighton, Hereford; LIanfyllin, Iontgoirn ;- Glossop, Derby; lalamiey Anglesey ;-andGoole, Yorkshire, infavourofextending-the powers of Connty CourtE to suita for.asums above Stg. Petitionb were presented by Mr. AL Graso_, from the board of guardians of the ThoneUnion, and bv ir. SsAFTo,. frorm Houghton-le-Spring, for'-the establishinent of couatfdancial boards; by Mr. Bks%, -froin the medical oificers of the Bumton-on-Tient IUnion, for a redress of -rievances; by -Mr. HEywooD, from the inhabitants of Fleetwood, in Lancashire, for the total abolition of church-rates- bv Sir 1L STIACE?, from New and Old Buckinghamn, ouuty of Norfolk, agaiust the performanoe of military bands on Surdays3 by Mr. COLLIEP, from the corporation of Plymouth, againEt the duty on fire insurances; and the inhabitants of SouthAmspton in favour oE the Testamentary Bill - by Mr. BxsN=LNcs, from a meeting of the inhabitants of the cityof Bristol pra7ing that immediate steps be taken to amend the declaration on m raLtim'e law, recently agreed to at Paris; by Lord GODERiTcE from person, lately em-_ ployed in the Army Works Corps, comnplaining . of certaRn grievances to vwhich they are subect'; by Mr.. PILxNrGTO0V, from the Comnmiitee of the Blackburn- Guardian Society, against clanses in the Mercantile! Law Amendment Bill; by Mr. OLvesIR, from residents in the metropolis and the vicinity, alleging that the present duty chaged upon the foreign wines pre-. vents the imterchange of our productions with foreign countries, leads to fraud-and adulteration, and the petitioners see no remedy for these evils but the reduction of the dutyto such an etent as to bear some proportion to thecost of the article in foreign countries. - DEFENCE OF TIlE COAST. Mr. HAYTEPR gave notice, that the Firstlord of ths Admiralty would on Monday move for leavetointroduce u bill to secure the better defence of the coast of the realm to insure the better regulation and manning of the navy and to transfer the govermnent of the Coastguird to the THE APPROPRIATION BILL. Mr. GIBSON said, he was desirous of asking- the Speaker a nuestion with reference to the privileges of members to raise discussions on the various stages of the Appropriation - I Bill. It was contended by-some gentlemen that members had the same rights upon the different stages of this bill as i they had en Supply, inasmuch as this bill was to give legal. effect to the votes in Supply. Others eontended that there was no more latitude on this bill than on any other bill which caine before them. He shouldhbe glad-if the Speaker would declare from the chair what the rule was. Last'year the noble lord the member for the city of London raised the whole question of the foreign policy of the country and entered on a discussion of Itadisn affairs on the third reading of this bill, and thelPrime Minister also made a long speech on the foreign policy of the country at the same time. Mlr. Lucas also broughtforward the question of-the income-tax -on a stage of this bill The SPEAKER.-In answer to the question of the right hon. gentleman, I have to state that menmbers hare no more privileges with respect to the Appropriation Bill than with reference to any other bill before the House, and that any observation which they may vish to make and any amendments which they may wish to propose on thia bill ought to be strictly relevant to the question before the House. As the right hon. gentleman has been kind enough to give me notice of the question which he has put to me, I have been able to refer to the report of a committee of which I had the honour to be a meniber in 1837, and on which a!s, the noble lord the member for London and the right hon. gentleman the member for Carlisle sat. That committee was appointed to consider the state of public business at that time, and I have no doubt it will be in the recollection of many hon. sembers that at ' that time a very inconvenient and irregular piactice hid heen introduced of moving amendments upon the orders of the day. Members asserted that they had the right upor any order of the day;of moving any amenduient they thought proper, and it the right hon. gentleman will tura to the repori of the proceedings of that time he will fin i that most of the amendments to wbich he has referred were amendments oni the orders of the day. That committee consulted the then Speaker (Mr. Abercromby), and all those persons connected with the House of Coummons who bad had the createst experience in Parliamentary matters, and I will rc;d to the House two paragraphs from their report bearing on this question; but I must first explain that she committee recommended that this practice of moving amendments on the orders of the dav should be discontinued, and that there should only be two amendments allowed on this question-one that the other-orders of the day should be read, or that some particular order should be read. They say:- "Your committee.-have been giventounderstandthat according to the practice nowfollowed, it would be considered disorderly to interpose upon this guestion (unless of course with the excepts sated of a Committee of Supply or Ways and Means), by interposing any qnestion not strictly relating to the hlLI, which the House by its order has resolved upon considering; and they have therefore deemed it unnecessary to proside against the occurrence of an attempt to disturb this course of proceeding, although they wish strongly to impress upon the House the propriety of maintaining what they deemr to be the establisbed practice at resent, should any attempt to interfere with it be made. It appeared, howrever, to your committee that the practice with regard to notices has a most important bearing upon that of orders of the day, and that, although by the aoption of the rule above laid down it may be expected that the business before the House will proceed wvith greater regularity and despatch, the course at present followed with respect to notices demands attention." This I take to be a clear statement of the rules of the House * and that uienmbers have really no greater privileges with reference to the Appropriation Bi than on any otherbill. With reference to the speech made by the noble lord the member for London last year, to which the right hon. gentleman has alluded, the noble lord, Iremember. put himself in order by referring at the commencement of his speech to certain votes in the Appropriation Bill upon which the noble lord founded the observations he then made. Mr. ROEBUCK-Was that recommendation ever affirmed by a resolution of this House I The SPEAXER.-That report was framed after great consideration. It stated what was the rule of the House at that time. That rule has been maintained ever since, and it is a rule which I shall consider it to be hny duty to maintain until the House shall otherwise order. (Hear, hear.) THE TOWER GATES. MIr. T. DUNICOMBE asked the Clerk of the Ordnance, why the gates in the Tower, which had always been open to foot passengers going, east and west, but closed in Auzost las't on account of the war, were still kept shut, and wher they would be reopened ? Mr. MONSELL said it was absolately necessary that, for a time at least, the gates referred to should remnain closed, as the business of the Tower had not decreased since the war m consequence of the large numbers of stores retuned from the East. They should be opened, however, as soon as possible. PICKLECOIME FORT. Colonel BIUCK asked the Clerk of the Ordnance whether he was willing to lay upon the table of the house the official report of Sir Jehn Burgoyne as to the effiiencv of the miltary defences at Picldecombe Fort, Devonport? Mr. XONSELL said, he had seen Sir J. Bnrgoyne that mnorning, -who had informed him that there rPSno renor; made en the subject. The only documuent which he had seen in reference to it was a private memorandum addressed to him by Sir J. Burgoyne, which of course could not be THE INDIAN SALT DUTIES. Sir,J. PAINSGTON asched the President of the Boa-rd of Control whether it was the intention of Her Majesty's Government,min conse9uence of the report fromathe commnissioner appointed to inquire iuto the system of sianufacturmng salt inIndia, to effect any change in the presentsalt monopoly of the Indian Goeremrent in the Presidencies of Bengai and Madras, or tD lower the rates of duty on salt? Mr. V. SMITII said thatthe report alluded to by the right lon. baronet was not yet completed. A great portion of Bengal had not yet been reported on, but when the report was completed it would be the dnty of the indian Govermment to consider the whole system with a view to its revision. The commissioner was man of great experience and authority, and no doubt the steps takeniby the midian Government would be in conformity with his report. MR. -JAMES SADLEIR AND THE IRISH C GOVFjN Mr. rACARTNEY ask-ed the AttorneY. General for Ire land the name of the magistrate before whom any informations were sworn, the date of the same, aid the day upon which a warrant was issued for the apprehension of 1r. James Sadleir 9 Sir G. GREY said, if he'nsighi be allowed to interpose betw een his right hon. friend an d the hon. gentleman, he wouldte t theliberty r of pointing out the great incon venience of putting questions of this kind when it -was not inthe power of the right hon.- geih n to whom the question was addressed to enter into a full explanation of the circumstances pen dinga criminal proseection. Lde pendently of that consideration, therighthon. gentlu6 jet -he Attorney-General for Irelndlad just 3eceir -ed inform ation r. from ieland that a statenientliad been made tbat inorniuc by the M aster of the R ollsfrom the ben ch; bringing severa charges of a grare character against his condoct i the' ad-' ministration o f his office. as Atorn-General f an -member Df that House should thin fit to bring specific charge against the right bon . gentleman, he-, .was p reparea to give a co mplete answer to it in that ho6u5`PP butt if no hogs. 3Ieber to6 ambody his sumnewiom4 if he x*kt in the form of - to-he auhnittd to House; then, the ri h hkm as mm Ish could obtain- an a te eos c -wlaak ilrom the-larned iudg ds, bwoul irorwud the question -in that hous, and y House, faX and complete ezplabati of the coure he bhd pursued. In -be me:itime, ie the o would Dot call son the rht bon gtlen for any ratement, either in eference to this qusatiossor in refe,rence to the no creh;c had be given i a riht hn gentleman for to-niglt, -which it w t pinion* th o (loverrnent it wa inexpedient, Undcr the cucoes oE the cAeW, that he thouidl na. Mr. MACARTNEY expUlind that the rson of Lis ;ntting this queetion 'i- as appnarot discrerc ir dates mentioned bythe rigt hen, gentlen tain- ls, Pitzgerald). THE SETTLEMENT OF BLZEI Mr. GIBSON said a it hd been publily "ta by tbelofflcer of a corpny, "Mlld the Central Amnerima Commerci.1 and Agricultural (lonmn y, -tht he h W-Tin Iis ou a letter roa te eretary of State for ti3e MoR set fort dufinitidely the limits -oE the Fiitish settlement of BeliR aid its dependencies -He isihed to ask the riht ho# gentlean the Secretary;of Sta. for the Colose ithether t t document was in eiotenoe, and, if i', were whether there wold be nyobjection. to lay it on the table of the hoiue ?- Mr. lABOOUCHERE mid th in the year 1836 a letter was addresad by his rght hon. friend te Honoe Serr (Sir- G. Grey), who irm -then Under-Secretay for the Colonies, to a Mr. Coxe, in which he stated what were at, tlat time the views of the British Govenment with regrd to the limits of the etement of Belize. - If the right hn. gentleman mnoved for the production of this letter there would be no objection to lay it on the table. Mr. GIBSON moved for the prodution of x wop of the letter, and the motion s agreed to. THE IDIAN BUDGET. In reply to Mr. J. G. PmLLioM, Mr. V7. SMITH said that he hoped to be able to anmae his statement on the subject of Indian finance on ThurbUy nOmt. - THE SERVICES OF THE ROYAL ENGINEES ID; THIE C(IlIEA. On the question being put that the Houm sct its rising sh:ould adourn to Mionday, Captain L VEIINCOIT.-I rise pursuant to notice to call the attention of the House to the s. rvices of the corps oE ioval Engineers in the Crimea. -I do so hecuse there is a disposition abroad to depreciate the services of the Britis army in the Crime. We think it higSh timsn that something should be done to-counteract this tendency todetract and we believe that say statement this eveningwiU lbea step in that direction. No detractor has ventured to question the courage and thle conduct of the British soldiers of the general ervice. So far as the special corps am concerned, I have never heard any one bold enox;gh. to say the British artillery was second to any in the world, and my s1atement this evening will sovr that the British Engineers were equal, to say the very least, to any engineer that took the field Tne var that has just terminated, unlPEe any other modernm wrar on record, narrowed itself into one mighty siege. The entory of the Anpa as but the introduction to the siege'of Sebastool andthebattles of Brlecr,of Inderd , and of the Tcherchya wers but ftile attempts on the part of the Brsians to raise tht siege. a fortress imortant rather for its uses than for its strength-a fortress so low in the aele of scientific defenco that itz-was supposed, erroneonily enough to be open to a surprise, s4 moderately fortiiedw thrt it was considered ins'ole to the sffront of a coup de mam> became, under the prelsure of ircumstances and bytha mere force of earthdorkserectedhythe genios uf Todtleben, one of the strongest phes on record, and held at bay for 11 months the chivalrous -our and the mpilitary science of theworld. Thiswar, the, being a siege, it folos that thehbattle was fought by science. It w as a war of engineers, and Irise in my place to clhim for the Britieh ndugneers their full shere in the ahieving of that great resultwhich has brought about the peace. (Hear,hear.) There ware thfee great turning poiets on which the suWcests of 'e w-ar depended. First was the selection of a place of landing in the Crime; secondly ws the decision as to which front of Sebastopol should he attacked-for wie 'rere not inns condition to invest the whole, according to the real acceptatiog of the term; third, auni ost important, was the discovery of the key to the position of thefront to be attacked. Nowp Sir, I masy at once avow that I claim ior the British tngineers the decision on all these tr.ee points, and I sEal coneine myself as mach as possible to prov2ng that this was the case. I must trust to the indalgence of hon. members while I place historically before team tehese three questions in their relapive positions. It wil be seen at a gnLsLs that this question widens itselE from a corps question into a national one. What I now say hy the asd of the press il he spread ar and wide. What I now say wirll, doubtless, bysnasny be inipugned, and it therefo2ebehoves2uetostartonaproper base, and to go onaddi. g fact to fact in order to be ableto defy aU contraoiction. 1s Jamuary, 18i, on account of the appeasuces in he East, Colonel Vicars, with teree engineers, leEt England to place themselves under the orders ef Admisral DundaLs, wvho commanded in the East. At m ibraltr r Colonel Vicars was tfocsn ill, and the command devolved npon Capt.ain Chapman, nOW Colonel Chapman, w-hose distinguished services I-hav-e had occasion before to brlng under tbe notice of the Hloule. These oudicers joined the yeet in the BosphoreasF and wxea despatohed to reconnoitne the strong position of Maidos, near the Dardanedles. No e, at this juncture the hone authorities were without any precise information with re gaerd to the last. In this dilemma, Sir John Ilurzoyne ghoperr Nposlton as Inspector-Generalhof Fortieicanton, mfficterohave encusgdhinfrom the adtpos uendertalontsi volunteered his services, at this inclements; eason, to proceed to the East, to make military observations of susch fore3s should be sent by the oalied Fprench and Engtish armles i support of the Tures,rin thevent of a r ar withs trelna. witch then apieared imminent. His services were abe opted with eagerness. On his y thrord h Paris the Emperor Napoleon associatedwith him Colonel Ardant, an. officer of French Enugineers. These twro proceedecd together tothe Dardanetes, and ins;cected the position of hiabdos, and amterwards of Boulahir, preferring which later thoe of ncers of Engineers were withdrian from claldos to reconnoitre Boul,,hir, which they did in that inclement season, the snow being then deep on the ground. Sir John Bargc.yne and Colonel Ardsnt then proceeded to Constantinople to reconnoitre the position of Bujnkchekmedji, ubout. 12 miles from Constantinople, a strong position, intended to-s he made the base of operations and to cover Constantinople. Colonel Ardant went forward to exaumine the position of Rara-sn, where strong lines of defence were available, connectingthe sea of Marmorawitht'be, B'aok Sea. S:r John. Burgoyne meantime went to, Shumla, to confer with Omar Pxsha, and he reconnoitied and reported upon Vnrna. Thence he returned to England, leaving Colonel Ardant at Gallipoli. Now, while Sir J. Burgoyne was at Constantinol-Ie, there was presented to him a project for the defence ot that town by certain French officers attached to the embassy-these lInes of defence were to pass from the Sea of iarviora to the Golden Horn, and from that to the Bosphorns, passing withina nile of the suburbs of Constantinople. The ground was ably taken up, but Sir J. Burgoyne at once pointed out that it was faulty, because it psesld close to an enormous population and a city liable to conghration as w,as Constantinople; b nt the pincipalobjection was, that it abandoned to the enemythe Botphoren, which was our onlyinrane of comn nicatiba with the Black Se7a This plan of defence, therefore, was abandoned in favour of that of nara-sn, ohichsin ever point resembled the lines of Lisbon, with a simi;lar ads-ntage of the stronghold of Bujkoheynmedji. War was nowdecared; the alliedianry sent toGatipoai, andtoorupthe intrenched post of Boulahir; they then probeeded to. Constantinople, eaving a small force to occupn Gallipolie The dahssians ha-ing made no impreson on theDanube, notwithstanding their vast militar resources, and the allied armies having advanoed to Varns, in support of the Turks, the proceedings of Sir J. Buroyne and of Cuk-ael A rdant. were criticised as being too cautions and Unefterprisin:r by taking up a defensive position for Constmntino-li and the Dardanelles; but it must be remessmbered thatat. that time the war bad not begun, and it could not havebeen supposed that the cussians, who, in so arrogant a fanseru bad forced on the wa r, should have been basld entirely ir check by the Turks; and it wvas therefore requlisite that. Constantinople shonld be protected, and the Dardanelles, dthontg hichthere wereno meansof cotmornicating wioh the Seamof arora, the adphors, or the Black Sea,Piech latter was attha time in the possession of the Rgesien fleet; in a word, it wrould have been impossible to. trust an allied J nry in that country if such a strong position as Gaed ipoli and its adjacene 5 had net been found. Such was the opuinon of the Edmnperor rNapoleon, and, ihat in more to purpose, such was the opinion of Sir tohn B rn In August Sir John Burgoyne ws sent out to conunand the engineers in the Crimea., and wvas placed upon the staff Tn September the army embark;ed at Yarns for the purnuse of invading the Crimea. And now, Sir, I come to tkie firsts point I wsLh to prove-namely, the selection of the part-oE hs' Crimea in which the landing was to be effctetd. 'A council of war assembled on board the Caradoc. It was attended-onrthe parf tfhtheFrnench by enerd Canrobert, by Colonel Frochn, one of thhe Frenc stad and by General Bio,teFrench enginer; on the_part of thea E-~n2i;.. i-v eugoyne. TheFrenehheld the opiuriontbat the best p,la e to land was at the mouth of the Katcha, and I believe that Sir G. Prown coincided with that opinion, but he said, "Befoire co - toa decision on this point~, I think- we ought to ow e opinao of Sir . Burgoyne, who hLashal more practical e rience than any other offier present." On this Sir J. Burgoyne declared that the liatcha -was nxot. the proper place to land, that itwea aso diwsicnIt and defensible ground, and close to the resources and reservesi of tlhe oussis, and he pointed out, on the other hand, that thec safest pla to land ws -iat tShe Old Fort. Sir J. Burgoyne's representations were inadehimown to AMarshal St. Arnaud, who at odcoe grasped the idea and enasested tol the rove. The landing, therefore, was safely efeter d. at the Old Fort and Bup torhia, in the pear, was seizldi adoccuped nTihE iees abandoe,Sr,t m ecn atd the ued ha e uiong of the idea of laulSesp at ihe Kateba waa very distasteful to. !:ome offiers of the French staff, but when that place fell to our Position it was seen that Sir Johm Burg'.yne's es~itiate of the difficulty was right, and tbas an attempt to ideaad there wrould hame been followed by faLilure aad.-csaster. I athink,-Sir.Ibavepmed now pny:o ai-point,-sd dnat oI have aright to clim the seleon of them place for landins- fortheBritishEngines. Inow come, Sir, to my secoa ne poirst-that is, the selectiotn of the side on which 'Sebastopolk wa-sto beattacked. After the battleof the AlmaLthe troopsadyanced towards Sebiatopol, across the rivers Katch^a scli thqe Belhek. Now, the intentioui of the French, and for-wbich they had prepmare projects, was to attack Siebast;opol ona the niorth side. Sebastopol o,n the. north side wasg situiated on at promontory, and its defence. were placed on rockyheights, h'sving in front -of thqem strong ground of a very. defensible cbaracter, ntarrowed by the hay uf B-AhbEkea
BBLIEZ AbTD ITS DBPENDTENCIS, AS DEFINBD BY SIR GEORGB GRBY IN. 1838. TO THE, EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I ord Clarendon,in his note toMfr.Buchanan of May 2,1854 (Blue-book, p. 274), uses the folloWing language - " As to Ruatan and the adjacent islands all that can be debateable as to them, is whether they are island denendencies of Belize, or attached to Home Central AneAca. State. In the year 1836 Sir George Grey, then Rer Mlajesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, inan official letter to 1r. S. Coxe, a gentleman connecteI with a British company, entitled "<The Eastern Coast of Central America Commercial and Agricultural Company," defined the boundaries of Belize as follows - " From the Rio Hondo on the north to the River Sarstoon on the south, and asfar wedt as Garzott'sFals nn the River Belize, and a line on The same meridian to strike on the Rio Rondo on the north, and on the Rio 3arstoon on Vthle south. The British Crowcn claimss also the watats, islands, and cays lying between the coast thus defined and -Leter of Sir George Grey to S. Coxe, sq., .Yorcmer, Here we have a minute definition of the boundaries of Belize. Its easternnost limit is the mieridian of Lighthouse Reef, which, according to the Admiralty charts, is in longitude 87 20 W. of Greenwich, or ctvwards of 60 miles to flie westward of RBtaan-that is to say, the boundaries thus defined not only do nwt include Ruatan, but do not come within 60 miles of it in any direction ! If, then, II Ruatan and the adjacent islands" are island dependencies of Belize, how and when did they become so? That they were not so regardeo in 1836 is proved by Sir George Grey's despatchto Mr. Coxe. Eave they been purchased since, acqnired by conquest or. treaty ? If not, what right has Great Britain there ? Yours trulv. S. July 10.
SOYER AT ODESSA. TO THE EDIT OR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-From the arid and partly deserted soil of the Crfimea and the everlasting view from Cathcart's-hili of the now silent ruins of Sebastopol, nothing can be more refreshin, to the mind than the aspect of a civilized and inhabited town. I andafew friends agreedto makeatrip by-water to te famed city of Odessa, where we are now enjoying the favours of peace, and it is with great pleasure that I return our sincere thanks to the authorities and inhabitants of that City of palaces for the most cordial and charming reception w-hich could have been conferred upon strangers after such a destructive war. Being anxious to visit the public buildings, military hospitals, and the various institutions, I expressed mywishe to General Liiders, which his Excellency not only acceded to, but deputed his aide-de-camp, Colonel Scariatine, to accompany "s in our visitorial pilgrimage. The party consisted of Brigadier-General Staunton, 4th Division, Adjutant-General Colonel Smith, Major Earle, andmyself. This noble man, who spoke excellent French and English, was indeed a valuable ciceroe. The most important of the institutions we visited are the military and civil hospitals, the foundling institution, the salles d'asilea and the Eospital of the Sisters of Charity. We were received at, and shown over, the hospital by the chief medical officer, Dr. Grime, and staff at the foundling by the director, Mr. Fourman; at the sales d'asiles, by the Inspectress, Madame Pera Ergard, and by the superior of the Sisters of Charity, Madame Marie Retchakoff-one of the latter had just arxived from Bakshiserai; she had been all through the campaign, and was slightly wounded in the trenches. She related that several sisters were killed in Sebastopol, and many wounded during the siege; the latter Are now recalled to St. Petersburg, and enjoy the favour and patronage of the Empress. These ladies were most anxious to hear of Miss Nightingale's doings, and spoke of her with the greatest veneration. They listened with much interest to my account of that excellent lady's efforts in the cause of humanity. All these institutions, though based uponsimilarprinciplesto those in England and France, possess a type of their own, both as regards the expense andmanagement, which I shall minutely detail in my Crimean journal. Cleanliness, simplicity, and judicious economy seem to be closely studied in all tho establishments. The culinary department, which, of course, was of vital interest to me, I found extremely clean and well. constructed, though rather complicated. The boilers are made of wrought iron, which I at first sight feared was copper, but the Lds only were m;ade of thatshowy but dangerous metal in such vast establishments, where the apparatus is in continual use andtinning difficult to be often repeated. We were at the orphan's school intime to taste theirfood, which consists of a basin of soup, one pound of meat, one ounce of oatmeal, and one pound and a-half of white bread. The soup is of athinnish uature, and strongly filavouredwyith pleasant aromatic herbs, the whole forming, no doubt, avery wholesome and nutritious food, and well adapted to the climate. Their beverage, which is the one of the soldiers, is called Qauiely and Chtschy in Russian, and Quataee in the elish language. Itis made with rye, mead, and a small portion of hope, requiring only a few hours to preparo it. Imust say that to an uninitiatedpalateitis anything but a leasant drink, but, no doubt, very refreshing and agreeabe vwhen used to it; for after drining one gobiet of it my thirst was allaved for several hours during one of the hottest days I have experienced for some time. osow, a few 'words for the epicures. The sturgeon, which is here abundant, and in England despised and valueless, forms a principal and an exquisite article of food, whichis partly owingto the methodthey haveofdressingit. On my return I intend to try and reinstate this queenly fish to its pristine fame. Fresh cavhir, waich is made from the roe of the fish, is daily eaten by the Russian population as an introduction to the dinner. Crawfish of an extraordinary size are caught in the small rivulets close to the town; they are cheap and very plentiful. The tail and claws are generally the ondy parts eaten, and tons weight of the part which makes ths exquisite bisque d'*crevisses are monthly thrown away. The receipt of this exoellent soup I have promised to send to the worthy host of the Enropa Restaurant, he having promised to give it a trial, and thereby enrich his already uxurious bill of fare. With the highest cons'deration, I have the honour to remai your very obedient, A SOYER. Europa Hotel, Odessa, June 23.
TO THE EDITOR OF TEX TIMES. Sir,-Mfy attention has been called to0 a report whic6h appeared ini your paper of the 9th inst, under the head of Parliamentary intelligence, which is'not olnly an error, buxt a statement which, if allowed to paws uncontradicted, may prove injurious to the interests of Brts sculptors. Lord Paninure, in reply to Lordl Barringtpn's inquiry for particulars relative to the Scutari memorial, thus spoke o ublic comp,etitions :-"I As to public competitions the nobfe earl (Rarrngton) raust be aware that the sculptors and artists of this country declinedl to farnish nlans to comnpete for the erection of public nonumnents." It aybe-n actI ow that Mr. Gibson has long objecte anid refused to submit designs in competition, butlI know of no other English sculptor who has declined to compete, although they have been strongly impressed with the snwUstce and partiality- which moat ofteni attendjtlmis modle of selection, and I have yet to learsn that Mr. Gibson is the representative of British art and sculotoms Lord Iamnmure says,-` Ths nioble lord (flarrington) mnust be sware that the sculptors of this country decline to furnish designs.' Can L,ord ranmnure, Lord Harrington, or any other noble lord, say there was want of response bY1 the British artists. for -the :Nelson Testimonmal? Or, can it be said that British artists declined to compete for either the eLrection of the Parliament houses, or, maore recently, for their decoration? Did they not cordially reply to thne in:vitation of the city in the cases of the Peel and Wellington comptitons!Andlasty, id nt tOf.rts cltr u of ourselctd (ne ein aforisnr rnd h ohL r DRl BAILEY. U. York-place, Portman-gquare.
LONDON, SAiUrDAY, JULY 3Z,1sB In the rouse of Lordslast night, Lord ELauo?Novru presented a petition fonit two chiefs from the Punjab, complaining of thea grlevances they had suffered at the hands of the indisn Government. The Dulke of AxcvM was ignorant of the cireum,. stance of the case, but world communicateitIt the, President of the Board of Control on the rjet. - Alter some observations from the Marquis o
There are people in this country who could scarcely receive more portentous intelligence than the retirement of a Bishop, except to his bed orto a watering-place. Sovereigns, we know, occasionaly abdicate, or are supeseded.; judges sometimes live long enough to retire uipon pensions while the most powerful linisters cannot reckon upon office from one day to another. But that an English Bishop should ever cease to be a Bishop in all the fulness of the term is as little to be expected as that a star of the frst magnitude should disappear from the fimament, or suddenly shrink into a telescopic body. Such is the nature of the institution that its perfect efficiency is presumed to be beyond the reach of ordinary accident, and the privileged functionary is only liable to that last change which soon or late comes on all living things. Fe-w think of inquiring whether the luminary still warms and enlightens his flock, or whether the candle of the diocess is literally under the bed-curtains. Thus dioceses are supposed not to have suffered from an eclipse of seven years, or from an episcepacy lasting a whole generation, and avowedly conducted on the principle of doing as little and saving as much as could be done -with regard, not to decency, but to law. Bishops have suffered and are suffering painful disorders that would incapacitate them for any other office; but so spiritual, so unworldly, so out of the range of vulgar apprehension, is the offlice of a Bishop, that if he cannot walk, or talk, or do. anything that appears, he is still Up to tho mark. Under this. belief, although laws of aTl sorts have been passed -though, we are bound to admit, very little enforced-for the residence and good conduct of the clergy, the Bench. has been carefuly protected from legislative violence. All this we believe to be entirely to the taste of those who consider themselves in a special sense " good Churchmen." The more mystic the ordinance, and the more it is seen only by the eye of faith, the more jealous are they for its preservation " in all its integrity," whatever the word means. Nothing, then, can be more startling or ominous than the fact that the Bishops of LoDosx and DuuAi have actually resigned; that their resignations have been received; that the terms of their resignation and their retiring pensions have been agreed upon; and that a bil for this purpose is in the House of Lords, and -stands for a second reading on Monday night. The part of the bill on which the bulk of our readers, not always the " best ChurchmenP in the world, will fix their attention, is the pecuniary arrangement. This, wo confess, puts us in & dilemma. The Bishop of LoNDox, whose income is now about 22,0001. or more, retires upon 6,0001.; and the Bishop of Dunnr, whose income is about 15,0001., we believe, upon 4,5001. We are given to understand that we ought to extol to the-ikdes the incredible disinterestedness of thse eumon of the Apostle who are content to starve-the one on the pay of sixty curates, the other on the pay of forty-five. We ought, it seems, to cry up the two prelates as the models of unworldliness for accepting such beggarly doles as 6,0001. and 4,5001., when the most successful statesman cannot, under any circumstances, get more than 2,0001. We are reminded that the Bishop of LoNooN having lived in princely magnificence for thirty years, and the Bishop of DuRn.r for a quarter of a century, cannot be expected to adapt themselves at once to the privations implied by such miserable allowances. UJse is second nature, and the nature of a man who has received and diffused. so much of that which. money can procure for so long a period must be acutely sensitive to wants which an incumbent of 2001. a-year has never perhaps even imagined. There is, too, the important consideration that these Bishops can do what some other Bishops are doing, -they can retain their sees -with that grasp I which old age and illness rather tighten than relax, and defy the publiec opinion of Parliament and people. Certainly, we are in the power of the Bishops. When the wolf-we beg their Lordships' pardon, but so the fabIe runs-when the wolf was asked by Dr. Stork for his fee after extractng a bone from that gentleman's throat, the latter, replied that the doctor ought to think it quite enought to have withdrawn his head in safety. There is nothing, indeed, to prevent the Bishop of LowiDox from holding his see for ten years, and receiving, in addition to the half-million he has already received, another quarter of a million. On -this view of the case, and for these considerations, we ought to add our humble voice to the chorus of praise now rising from all the good Churchmen of the country. By so doing we sho-ld atone for many sins of omission and commission in the eyes of curates and incumbents of infinitesimal proportions, now admiring this act of episcopal virtue at the respectful distance which separates 100l. a-year from 22,0001. That is what -we ou,ght to do. We ought to rank the episcopal pensioner with his 6,0001. a-year and his palace at Fulham with the Apostle who knew how to want and how to abound, and who worked with his own hands, that he might not be burdensome, and that he might not contract painful obligations to a coarse-minded people. But, if we do this,-and herein consists the dilemma,-we are molested by the painful reflection that vie admit a lower standard in spiritual than in secular affairs. We are forced to assume that much less is to be expected from a Bishop, even one of the most distinguished and meritorious, than from any average man of the world. The world-strange to say-has its conscience, and, though there undoubtediy exist a good raany sinecures, and-what is worse-a great deal of work vastly overpaid, still this is not thought praiseworthy. There are scores of smaU people living in small streets with their 3001. or 1,0001. a-year, or even their 1,500!. a-year, and doing little or nothing for it; but, then, neither they nor their friends challenge observation. They are often models of private virtue,-good, genial fellows, of the unpretentious class, not of the heroic. Even when a judge has sat in close courts and smutty chambers for half a century, through all seasons and weathers, he receives his quarterly payment with the same unobtrusive sense of service performed as the aged labourer when he holds out his horny palm for his weekly Ss. But all these familiar images of vulgar content we must throw aside when we come to the case of the episcopal cmeritus. The other poor creats we have alluded to may very naturaly declare themselves unprofitable servants, and be thankful for whatever pittance the Pension ILst or the Poor Law may allow them. But the merit of the Bishop, it appears, has no respect to profit or work. Hle is abundartly virtuous and -transcendentally good, if he even surrender the office he can no longer discharge, and some of the pay he can no longer vwork for. In all other professions there is still some relation of work to pay. There may not be much gratuitous service, except in the case of youmg surgeons; but there is very little pay without work, and no particular homage is paid to the man who gives up some of his pay when he finds he can do none of the work. The Church is an exception to these commonplace views. The pay there is totally irresDective of the services; it is average respectability to receive pay for doing nothing, but to give up some of that pay ertitles a man to the honours of a martyr. We frankly confess that we cannot readily enter into these views, Gr admit that the standard of the Christian ministry is so much lower than that of any other service. Bishops, as 'well as curates, profess to be the servants and missionaries of One who, being rich, for our sake became poor; and the very first lesson they teach our lisping innocents isto "renounce the "pomps and vanities of this wicked world." Sowe really do not think we are called on to admit in the case of the Bishops of LoamoN and DonnAr a standard we should be ashamed to apply to any earthlly functionary. With their immense receipts for so many years they must have laid by something; at least, they ought to have made a sufficient provision for their families by this time. They cannot really jvaut these retiring pensions, and if they do not want them they would do well to set the precedent of a more moderate scale. In the case of future retirements underthe present scale of episcopal incomes -there will be no fund to draw from forpensions, inasmuch as the incomes of the acting Bishops will be barely sufficient. Their retiring persions, then, mus,t be very small, and, if the Bishop of LoxuDox's admirers wish his praises to extend beyond a select cicle of friends, they Will avise him to begin the niew scale of pensions now.
No defeat was ever more clearly foreseen or more justly deserved than that which has followed the ill-advised proposal of the House of Lords for a reform of its appellate jurisdiction. Although enjoying. the support of the two leaders of the two great parties in the S;tate, the bill entirely failed to conciliate any amount of independent zupport from any quart-er. 31embers went to vote for it as; if they were going to execution, and when fte final result was announced the evidence of satisfaction was quite as manifest in the faces of the minority as of the majority. The House took different aides in appearance, but in reality there was no diffe-. rence of opinion. Such concordant discord, such unanimous division, was never seen. It was a battle in which the vanquished longed for defeat au ardently as the conquerors for victory; and both aides retired satisfied, the one with success, and the I other with failure. What were the causes which led to this remarkable inversion of the ordinary feelings of combatanut? It is worth while to explore them, because they curiously illudtrate the force and wealness of party ties, and the limits which circumscribe the power of the leaders of rival factions. The cause of the confusion which we have just witnessed was the discreditable state of the appellate jurisdiction of the House of Lords. That fact had become too notorious and too scandalous to be any lon ger passed over in silence. The highast Court of Appeal was reduced to a singleojudge, anad he one of those from whose judgments appeals might most frequently be expected. What was tolerated in the days of Euo- and HAxDwr= could not be endured when men had learnt to oonider the efiicieut administration of jutice as of more conxeguence than any P.ty combination, any traditiUMarY IrWilegep and auy indiyidual Q0 nationMi prejudice whatsoever. For-this grievance M1inisters i sought a remedy, and found it, or believed they had found it, in the revival of peerages for life. This unlucky mieasure had at least this merit-that it kept the administration of justice still in the hands of the House of Lords, and kept it also gratuitous; but it was highly distasteful to the feelings of tnat assembly, as implying a power in the Government of the day to overwnelm thera by new creations, and, without permanently in. creasing the numbers of the order, to swamp its independence. lVhether the remedy 'Was worse than the disease, or the disease than the remedy, wiU remain probably a moot point, but this we apprehend is certain-thatthemeans which the majolity of the H:ouse of Lords took to put matters to rigats have produced a state of things infinitely worse than either. Without venturing to say that the prerogative did not exist, the Lords refused to admit the Peer in wenose favour it had been exeicised, and thus by one and the same act set themselves against the constitutional power of the CROWN, by which they themselves were created, and. opposed the only measure yet proposed for remedying a crying and patent abuse of the first magnitude,-the decay and iMminent dissolution of the Court of Appeal of highest jurisdiction. This was a position doubly untenable for the leader of the Conservative party-untenable towards the Cntow-, whose rights had been thus infringed, and untenable towards the public, whose fortanes and liberties were exposed to risk by the decisions of a CoIrt in which no one had any confidence, and the Ireform of Which had become an absolute necessity. As a party manceuvre, nothing could have been better tnan to leate Lord D3RBY; and his followers to enjoythe positionthey had chosen forthemselves, saddledc with the double discredit oi disloyalty towards their SovERnG;Nu and indifference to the rights and feelings of their fellow-subjects. We never remember an instance of more presumptuous and shortsighted rashness, tending more directly to its own punishment and discredit. But in this extremity Lord DEBBY found allies in his opponents, and assistance where he had nothiing to look for but obstruction and repulsion. Those who had been defeated on the question of peerages for life felt as strongly as Lord DEsBY himself the discredit and difficulty into which he had brought the House of Lords. Their feeling for their Order was stronger than their feeling for their party, and they were content to waive an advantage over a political opponent in order to save the danger that threatened the peerage itself. A compromise, or rather " a cross," was agreed on between the leaders of parties in the Lords, by whiclh the one consented to the creation of two life peers, and the other to the limitation of their number, and the jurisdiction was preserved in n3ame to the House, while in substance it wras transferred to a tribunal paid by the public to do the duties for the gratuitous discharge of which the House of Lords claim honour and distinction. It is among the miot singular instances of the extent to which the spirit of caste will blind the clearest intellect that it should ever have been supposed such a scheme could obtain the assent of the Lower House, or that, if it did, it could have preserved for a day the judicial dignity of the House of Lords. It, as might have been foreseen, satisfied nobody. The advocates of life peerages did not like the restriction of the prerogative; the opponents of life peerages did not like to see them established. To make the House sit in vacation was to divorce the judicial from the legislative character; to pay judges, not to assist in doing, but actually to do the duty of the House of lLords for it, was felt to be a hoUlow cheat, by which a false and mistaken. dignity was preserved by throwing a new burden on the public. It was, besides, very strongly felt that in making a question of such vast national importance the subject of a secret arrangement between themselves the leaders of party had transgressed the limits of their implied authority, and had assumed to bind their followers in matters in which the latter might reasonably claira to exercise an unfettered discretion. NTor did it escape remark that, while the measure compromised the CROWN, did not make a good Court of Appeal, and saddled the public with a heavy expense, it was eminently unjust to Lord WENSLEyDALE, who seemed to have :been offered up as a sacrifice to the angry passions his elevation had provoked. lio wonder that such a measure failed; the wonder is rather that it should have obtained a temporary or even a momentary success. The abuses of the appellate jurisdiction are respited tiU next session, and we hope the time for deliberation wliU be better employed than it has hitherto been. What should be done it is not our province to say, but we have no difficulty in saying what should not. No Court of Appeal will satisfy the public which is not the very best that can, in the present state of judicial knowledge, be constructed, and no amount of convenience or dignity for the benefit of the House of Peers will be accepted as an equivalent. If the Peers still Wish to undertake the administration of justice, they must make up their minds to administer it for nothing. Mloney and honour cannot come fromn tho same source. We are willing, if they wish, to relieve them from their judicial duties, but we will not pay others to do those duties for them, that they may pretend a little longer that they are doing them themselves.
The bill, as amended by the Select Committee, for regulating allowances granted to persons who have held civil offices in the Govermment service has proved a sad disappointment to the Civil Service Superannuation Reformers. Undoubtedly, the case of the Civil Service was a very hard one. It was intelligible enough,that salaries should be calculated on a scale which left to the recipients the charge of providing for their own declining years. It was also intelligible that the Govermnent should hold that they would not be put to shame by the spectacle of their worn out servants dragging about their misery and their decrepitude. They might therefore resolve to grant salaries less in amount, while provision was at the same time made for the period when their servants would be unable any longer to discharge their duties to the public. In either of these cases perfect justice might have been done. The civil servants of the CRoww complain that hitherto they lhave been treated with great unfairness, because, although their salaries were originally calculated with regard tothe market rate of remuneration out of doors, greats deductions have been made from them for superannuation purposes, fromwhich deductions but a verysmallpercentage indeed of them received any benefit whatsoever. They say that the salaries were fixedprevious to Augusc, 1829, that the proper salaries were the os salaries, that they have been voted year after year by Parliament as such, that the deductions made heretofore have been made in an arbitrary and irregular manner, and that whatever alteration is now made should not in reason be permitted to affect the amount of the gross salaries as fixed in 1829. The existing scale of pensions, combined with the existing scale of deductions, is illiberal in the extreme. This point maybe made out directly byinatituting a comparison between the rates of salary paid to clerks in the Government offices and tLose paid in private eitablinents for services of the like kind. The Opinion of previous Governments upon the xubject appears, -say the present remonstrants, from the fact that before 1829 larger pensions were allowed fot the civil servants of the Csoww without any deductions whatever. The Treasury so far admitted the claim of the Civil Service to some alleviation that a bill was introduced into Parliament enacting a higher scale of pensions and other subsidiary advantages, while continuing the deductions. This bill was referred to a Select Committee, and has now been ne-introduced in a shape which has excited the utmost indignation among the civil servants of the CRo'wiv. The deductions from salaries are to be abolished. Sb far so good; but the salaries themselves are to be reduced in consideration of that abolition. Parliament, however, will not enter into the specific rate of deductions, but deputes to the Treasury the task of determining how much shall be curtaiLed from the yearly incomes of the suppliants, who certainly looked for relief not quite in this form. Nor is this all ; over and above this change a new scale of pensions is enacted of a very different character from that now in existence. For the very long periods of service this swale is in a slight degree more liberal than the present one, but for the whole period it is decidedly the reverse. The result of all this is that the members of the Civil Service who expected some improvement of their position, and were encouraged in their expectation by Mr. WnsoN's bill, will, should this new measure pass into law, be decidedly worse off than before. Such has been the result of this long and tedious agitation. The public do not understand the subject. There is a strong wish on all sides that the civil servants should be liberally paid in proportion to the work they perform, and at that point public interest ia the matter ceases. Unfortunately for them, the decision of the question has passed into the hands of the superior administrators,-that is to say, of men. who have been accustomed to signalize themselves by offering upon the altar of patriotism sacrifices of the smaller official fry whenever the cry of economy was abroad. We do not approach this question in the spirit of partisans. Our only anxiety is that justice should be done to a very honourable class of men, who, as we suspect, are about to receive hard measure from their official chiefs, past and present. 'When the bill is brought before Parliament we entreat hon. gentlemen to dismissfrom their minds altogether the bugbear of cormplication. It is not a very difficult matter to determine what the salary of an average Government clerk-should be who devotes forty years of his life-that is to say, from 20 to 00-to the service of the public, and what, if any, shoald be his retiring allowance. W%e have recently witnessed many efforts more or less well directed in the cause of what is called Administrative Reform. What kind of assistance to this cause wil it be if a law is now passed which will justly disgust al the civil servants of the Cnow; with theirstations and position? On the one hand we seek to entice capable men into the service of the Government; on the other we disgust those persons -who have already been trained to official labour. Well performed and well paid work should be the rule in the offices of tho Government, as in all others. Bad work is dear at any price, and for good work the workman is worthy of his hire. No doubt, there is much in the execution of official duties in the various departments of administration which one wouild wlMingly see altered; but -we do not believe the way to secure improvement is to commence by making the great body of Government clerlks discontented with their lot. The decsion upon the points involved in the present bill should not be taken in utter disregard of the feelings of those persons whose hinterests are mainly at stake. The view taken bythe advocates of the clerks is, -_'that the starting point of all further considera- ltions and revisions of establishments should be "the salaries which have been fixed by the Trea"sury and voted by Parliament as the just rea muneration of the several offices; and not the "varying rates of net salary, which differ accord"ingly as the recipients entered the pubEc service "before or after 1829, and as they belong to :establishments to which the deduictions have " or have not been extended." This is their own view of their own case, and we therefore lay it in their own words before our readers, -with the very earnest hope that justice, and perhaps a little more than justice, may be done to these gentlemen. We are perfectly aware that in our public offices there is to be found plenty of strenLous idleness-plenty of mere routine labour -plenty of favouritism; but with all this a great amount of real work is performed. One point is very strilkng in connexion with the Civil Semice, and that is the manner in which the secrets of the Government are kept. We arrive at this important result by employing gentlemen of-upright and honourable feeling, who, whatever their defects may be, will not violate the confidence nor betray the secrets of their employers. They are very ill-paid already, and it is proposed to give the Treasury power to reduce their salaries at the same time that their wretched retiring allowance is reduced.
BOYAL SUBRLY GARDENS. These gardens-zooiicalno lonkger-have fallen into the hands of fresh proprietors, who have improved them in a style that is likely not only to increase their popularity to an infinite es tent, but to constitute an entirely new centre of attraction to the lovers of non-operatic music throu&'cut this metropolis. They wsill he opened to the public on Tnesday next, and the inaulguration concerts, consisting of oratorios and miscellaneous selections, supported by a vast assemblage of vocal and instrumental performers of the highest rank, will continue till thle end of the week, under the direction of M. Jullien. Yesterday evening a private party of spectators -was invited to see the improvements, so that already a fair estimate may be made of what the new proprietors h-ave done. The grand feature is the erection of a huge mnsic-hall, nota gewgaw comrnd of fragile planks, but a substantil edifice of brick and morar, consttrcted in a novel style of architecture, after a design by Ar. Horace Jones, and capable of affording accommodation to 10,000 persons ; 6,500 to be placed in the body of the buiding, and the rest to be dispersedamong three galleries. The building is surroundedby another gallery affording additional accomdation, and so numerous are the windows that the music maybe easily heard outside. The hail is 160 feetlong, 0 feetwide, and 72feethigh; whereszthecorresponding figres for Exeter-hall, hitherto the largest in Great 3iritain, are 133, 77, and 52. The orchestra, built in three tiers of stone, will hold 1,000 performers. The lake, which was always a favourite object in these gardens, rendering possible a disipay of aguatic fireworks, totally distinct from ordinary pyrotechnbc exhibitions, is not only retained but enlarged A beautiful view of Constantinople-raised as usual against the sky, and curiously continued from the actual water, so that it will be difficult to discern -whre the reality ends and the imitation begins-gives to the lake the appellation of the Bosphorus. Br the side of the picture is a beautiful ldoslW, with a terrace appertainingto it,which, whileitisinkeepingwith the view, ofr use as well as for ornament. Here alone will smokers be allowed to indulgo in their favourite vice, and will thus be precluded from offending those frequenters of the gazdens who do not findfragrance in the odour of tobacco. In old times the back of the picture, an unseemly expanse of white canvas, was visible from one extremity of the garden, and greatly destroyed the beauty of the enseabl& This prosai veritV is now concealed by another picture, representing a series of Swiss mountains, withi a branch of the la2e in the fore ground. That great glass conservatory in which unhappylions and tigers were once immTured hAs been removed to make room for the music-hall, and the only reminiscnce of the zoological uses of the ground will be a pole and a climbing bear, for the aunusement of juveniles. A stalactite cave, most elaboratelv constructed, with openings for picturesque views, is an entire novelty. In the general arrangement of the groundes care has been taken to effect such a combination cf lawns and trees as shall produce rather the appearance of a rural park' than of a London pleasure garden. SCAIely can the spectator imagine, while he looks down the verdant avenues, that he is within afew yards of theElephant and Castle. The illumination of the evening will be effected by mesus of coloured lamps and transpaet volumna, which are aranei along the edge of the grasplots, but the amnusements will genrllr terminate at an earlyhour, the firi: works; hichwillbe letoff assoon asthe darine;as i4s formaing t,he conclusion to the enteraidnment. Dancing will be atmiely prohibited, asit is for theimore Jedata class ot $lesncreieekcers that the gadens are intended.
g G~~OURT CIRLI. It is the inttetinQ of Her Majoety the Queen toWreie* the Artilery lately returned fromtheCimnes atwowio,. on Monday next, at 11 o'ecloek. The Queen held a court at 3 o'clock yestrday aftemoon, at Buckingham PAlace. -His Royal Highnmss Prne Oecar of Sweden had ia audience ofHer Majesty and Iok lea-ee. Thea in e wPio introduced by the Earl of Clarendon, MG., the QMeen!s Prncipal Secretary of State for Foreign Affirs, and conductedbyMajor-General the Hon. SirEdward Cust,.C.E'. Her Majeaty's Master of tha Ceremonies. His Roval Highness was attended byBsron de Hfochwchlda; the Swedish and NSorwegian Minister, Colonel Loven aId Lieutenant-Colonel Cavendish, Groom in Waiting to Her M.c M uns.th Turkisrh Ambassdr annaudience 'o the Qeen. is Exelleny wasintrouced y theSecre-11 tary of Stae for Foreisgn Afais, and conducted by the Ar Andrew Buchanan, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the Ring of Denrunxk, had an audience ofHer Lajesty, and took leave on returninm to Copenhaen._ lMr. Buchanan was presented by the Earl of Clarendon. The Quleen was attended byL~ord. Camnoys, Lora-in-waiting, and General Sir Edward Bowater Groom-in-Waiting. After his aud'ience of the Queen Prnce Oscar visited the Prince and OPxincess of Prussa in BuckingheauxPalace, and *toolk leave of their Royal Hlighnesses The Queen, PrinceAlbert, the prine of 1rassia, and the3 PrincessAlice8rodeonhorsebackiatheforenoon, attendled by Baron d'Alvenleben, Colonel F. :EL Seymour, and Lieutenant-Colonel de Boyer. The Prince of Wales also redo onihrseback yesterday morning. The Prince end Princems of Prussa and the Princens Louise, attended by the Countess Oriolia, and C-ount d* Boo, wet yesterday moring to the galbery in t al-fiml of the N~ew Society of Painters in Water-colours and uifterwards inspected the2l'ational Galery. Their Royal Highnses pid a visit to her Royal Highness the Duchess of Goeer at Glocester-house. En the afternoon, thePriiicess of Prussia znd the Princess Louise went to the exhibition of the Rov~al Academy, end the Plrinice of Prussia visited P'rince (5scar of Swe'den at Claridge's Hotel. Hler Majesty and the Prince Consort with the Prince andI Pxincess of.Prussia too'ka drive in the a6fternoon in aoe latndau and four. The equerries in waiting &atded onI horseback. The Queen andl Prince Albert, accompaniedhy thePrinceand.P.rincess of Prussia and the Princess Louise, honoured the Princess's Theatre'with their preence last evening. The Royal suite consisted of the Countess von Hacke, Countess Osliol Hon. Flora Macdonald, Madame von Sternberg, CounM e Boos, Baron d'Alversleben, Lord Camoys, Major. 'General the Hon. Charles Grey, Colonel F. H. Seysnom-, and ijeutenant-Colonel de Boysa Major-General the Hlon. Charles Grey has relieved Lordl Charles IFItaroy inL his duLties as the Equersy in Waiting to the Queen. Prxince Oscar of Swedlen paidl visita ycsterdayafternoouLto her Rloyal Highness the Duchess of Rent at Clarence-housRe, St. Jamees'; and to the other members of the Rtoyal family at their respective residences. His Roqyal Highnee attended by t-he Swedish Minister, visitea the gallery of M Claudet and sat f or a stereoscopic portrait. weehl
HEP MAJESTYS THEATRE. Applause, like every other popular demonstration, has its set forms, which can be gone through in due order, without any genuine feeling lying at the foundation. "Cealls" may be repeated, bouquets may be Rung, hands may be brought loudly together, and yet the connoisseur of theatrical audiences will often have occasion to reraorlk that such outward tokens of approbation are by no means infallible signs of a solid success. But no uneasy donbt could aris as to the reality of the sentiment that expressed itself in honour of Mademoiselle Piccolonmni when she took her benefit on Thursday night. Not only was all the ceremonial performedon a scale larger than ordinary,-that is to say, the cheers were Vnure than usuilly lond, the bouquets more 'than usually numnerous,-but there 'was a spontaneity and wanmthaboutthe affair showing that the ptblic was really determined to honour in a special manner the operatic favourite of the day. La lraviata (which was periormed onthe occasion) would without Maeiemoiselle Piccolomini be simply intolerable, but, associated as it is with the dV&ut of the young artist, it shone -with a lustre not its own on the night of her benefit. Without attempting those musical achievements that belong to the highest order or vocalization, Mademoiselle Piccolo7nini has so contrived to make opera a vehicle for the most natwal and unsophisticated enpression of anl sorts of emotions, and withal looks so youthful in the midst of her triumphs, that she has in a short spac of time established herself in a cosition whick continued exertion smand unremntting cultivation have often failed toattain. She is looked upon as a sort of "child of nature," such as good rs. Incibald might have vfitten about some 60 p7ears ago, and istherefore ms the strict;est senqe of the wrd the " pet"' of the operati¢ public. he nev ballet Le Corsaire went offr more glibly on the second night of its performance, and the exquisite dancing of MademoRselleliosati was loudly applauded People have so long fed on those dainty entremas called "divertiMe. mente'that a grand ballet seems at first formidably sbstan. tialfare, but the combination of so man! beauties as are presented in Le Corsaire mnst surely findfavour in the long run.
ADBEPHI 2HEATEE. We fear we 3mut regard the burlesque Medeas prodace& on TrhursdayT might as at decided inistake onk the part of a very clever author andl a very liberal manager. The piwec is 'well mounted, and a laugh was raised at the appearance of 3fr. P-aul Bedford as a colossal Creusa, and ofY-. Wright aceoutred as the Meclea of Madamne Ristori, somse of 'whoe est h atteptedto iuiitate, but the applause on the ~ecnof tbe u~ was very slight~, and was, 3noreover, liberally qualified by dissent. 'Under these circamstauce expatiation is unnecessary.
THE 3d W.REGIET. TO T11E EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-In your correspondent's remarl;s lately he was kind enough to name the 33a IRegiment in a complimentary manner, for which I feel sure every officer belonging to it will be obliged; but, as he has inadvertently understd the number of those who fell and of those who suffered durng the campaign-of 12 months in the Crimea, unexampled for loss of life, I venture to request sDace for a few words to mention the exact facts of the case In Hart's Army List of October, 180, 15 officers are named s having boeen more or less severely wounded. In your correspondenlt's statement it is said that five of the glorious dead lie in tbe Crimean laud; but the real number is eleven of this regiment, three of whom sank from the effects of the climate, and the remainder from the enemy. One more-the lamented Colonel Bla3;e, after- rlding at the head of his regiment at Alma unwounded-returned to die in England from the hardships of the campaigu and the auxieties of command. In all 27 officers Milled and. wounded. Begging that you will excuse this intrusion, I am Si- vnr Rtt- r- J. D. JOHNriONE. Lieutenant-Colonel VommaUdIlg idJXegiment.
The Chlancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of thefirsthalf of aBank-of Englandnote of 51. (No. 92,246), in paynient of income-tax not claimed, from " H. C." Tim BisHoPs O0 Lo-mox AD Dumum HarLan3n;NT BL.-We have receved a copy of this important measure, which was introduced into the eouso of Lords omL Thursday evening and read a first time. it is entitled " An Act to provido for the retirement of the gresent Bishops of London and Dnrham." and contains fonr claues. The preamble recites that the Right Hon. and Right Rev. Charles Jamesm Lord-Biahop of London, and the IiightRon. and Right Rev. Edward, Lord ]ishop of Dnrhan, have severaUyrepresentedtolierMajest~tteirinabAity, fromtheir Etate of health, to dischrg the dut sa of their office, and tfieir dlesire on that account to vate their respective sees, tha preanbleadding that the said bishops, on relinquishing thek incomes to which they are nows entitled in respect of their sees, are "ilingto acept" the fnauil sus bythis a pToided. The bill thenL enacts tha the es of Loadoa and Durham shall become vaca!t oax the 1st day of Segtember next ensuing (11S6%. when all rights of the bishops in regpet to tlteir sees (mlluding their rights to sit as Lords ef Parliament) shall ceere. The bishoprics will be filled up inthe usual manner. Tho present Bishop of London will be allowed to retain during his Ife ibth episoo* pace at Fulham, subject to the usual obligation to .mamtain the same, and vill receive a pension of G,0001. a-year for life, and the Bishop of Durham one of 4,5001. a-yer. to commence from the1st oi September, 1856. As regafds the power of conferxing holy orders after the retirement of. the twobisbops, it is enacted that afterthesaid sees of London and Durham respectively shall have become vacant as aforesaid the prement bishops of such seer, during their lives, in respect of the powers of oonferrng holy orders and the persons admitted into holy orders by them, shal respectiiely be subject to the provisions to which bylaw bishope who ave exerceidthe office oo bisboi lHerIje. sa cofoniesorforeign possessions, and not beimg bishops of England oritLand,an -the persons admitted into holy orders by xuch colonil Bishops are now umbjeettoundertheact of the 59h year of ing Georre ImL, c. 60, and the acts of the 15th and 16th years of Her Majexity, c. 52, and the 16th and 17th yearsof Her Majety, c. 49, or nnder any other acts of Parliasent. The bill stands for a cond reading on Monday 'HE XTh nG EBrSxOP-A reference to 3&r. DOds Parliamentarp Companion shows that the present Bishop of London (-who retires on the ist of September next) 'was consecrated Bishop of Chester in 18l4, and transated to the mee of Loendon in 182, so that he will have enited a tenure of 32yees of of liee. The right rev. prelate sin his 71st year. Dsr. MaItby, he rearing bishop ef 3)urbani, was first consecrated Bishop oF Chicheter irn 183L~, and translated in 1836. The xight rev.prelate is i& the S7th3ear of his hu?iCx.-Th the official returng oF tbe monDthly debtor and creditor aco[nt receiwae by t bratemrre of three sliht er. In tbe dc acoo t befr divides pyable 4,775,39lL 2., ina*d of L775,391f., and in discount anladr intrI,in., steadof ,25v44,096f. 25c., it abinld be2,444.0961. 2 ~Iit the izeditor acegt inoeosssea lb lla adwso ed byIane J~,k red 10,&33,600f., intad oF 16,833,600,
FOBEIGN 1NTELLIGENCE. FRNC- - - (FaOX OtXE 0WN COapcnVVwr_A P. pOztion or the following appe., in ourfieondoEdition a-ve aterd&v:- -1 PARIS, T55UR5DpAT, Jur'T 1i, 6 P. heoutagesrecently perpetrated in various parts of Spain, and the existence of plots for the overthrow of the political institutions, have once more brought the name of that strange country beforethepublic. A Madrid letter in the Tnd4e ncuze B'ige of the tth inst. repeats a report that a high and inihienutial memiber of the clerical body was at- the boutomn of these troubles, and the opinioll i, -it se0mS, pretty general in Madrid that Rome haa had something to do with them. What truth there may be in these conjectures Icannot say; I am not acquainted with any fact that would corroborate the report,, nor aware of the Governmenlt possessing ny proof to julstify such a suspicion. That there are parties whose interest it is to overthrow the present institutions, to prevent at all h=ards and at all cost the- Corte3 from resuming their funotions next Octobor, and to reconstitute s Government -with a Dictator, whose vwill -mder the inspiration of these parties, should b law, is pretty certain. As Spain is once more attracting attention from a- concurrence of melancholy circumstances-the outrages in Old Castile and the kingdom of Leon, which hitherto vere a favourable exception in that agitated counmy,theprevalence of cholera to a fearful extent in Seville and other districts of Andalmsia, and a genleral feeling of disquietulde, beizig the more p;:ominent-it may not be out of place to say a few wrords on tlhe subject. It wfill perhiaps be remembered that a c¢mnission was some time since appointed by the Cortes to investigate certain charges against Queen 31aria Christina, the mother of theQueen, and whose guardian ahe was at the sam6 time that she continued to exercise the office of Regent of the kingdom till the year 1840. The charges bore upon her conduct as mother and guardian of the Sovereign and as Regent, and the commission after a long and laborious inquiry has at length presented its report. That report was inserted in a Spanish paper printed in France for the Spanish colonies, but not circulatel in this country. It is said, but I cannot vouch for $the truth of the statement, that the impression containing the obnoxious report was bought up by one person. TheJousn-al des Debatsof this day contains an g rticle on the report, which it affects to make very lght of It says that on the -whole the document is ratber favourable than otherwise, that the allegations are suggested by party rancour, and, rather inconsistently, it pleads a sort of statute of limitations, inasmuch as the Cortes of 1845 declared that Queen Christina " had a claim on the gratitude of Spain," that it allotted her a pension, and thatI ccnsequently neither the present Cortes nor any -roe else has a right to refer to what passed previcusly to that date. Besides ,onie errors in fact anddate committed by the DgbtO1 inx this defence, it passes over in complets silentce one of the gravest charges against the en-Regent, and one might therefore infer that it is in-pessible to defen,d or explain it. The charge re-n atas to wrhat the comlmission calls the "civil con-dition!" of Maria Christina dtuing the time shew as the guardian of her children and the Regent of the kingdom. The common law of Spain deprives of the guardianship of her children the widow wvho mran ics a second time; and the 60th Article of the Spanish Ooisstitution makes it an essential condition that the father or mother of the Sovereign during minority should not contract a second marriage. 7 hese conditions -were for obvious reasons still more binding on the person who held the twofold office of Regent and guardian. But in any case the widow of the Sovereign is bound to obtain the Royal authority in order to contract a second mairiago; and the 9th Article (titsdo 2, lib. 10) of the Norisirna Beccpiaclon declares that the person who infringes this law is rendered " unable to enjoy titles, honours, and property emanating frm m the Crown. " The question now was whether the Queen Regrent did render herself amenable to those penalties. Itappears that, to take the fairer side of the question, l1er Majesty married Don rFernando Mtuioz within -thrie months after the death of her first husband, Zing, erdinand. In the GothaeAlma.nack she is descried as having3 married that person on the 28th December, 1833 (Ferdinand VII. having died on the 29th September of the same year), and that "' she received the nuptial benediction on the 13th October, 1844; " and the motive alleged in theRoyal decree of the 11th October, 1844, was, that it wras necessary "to render legitimate the children that God had given to Donna Maria Christina." The commission Eearched among the archives of the Government, the registries of the Royal Chapel, and those preserved in the Royal Palaces and various parish churches of 3Iadrid and Barcelona, with a view to ascertain the entries and dates of that marriage, and of the birth of her numerous children. Nothing of the kind was found. A search was also made in the naval and military colleges for the certificate of the birth of two of the sons of MIaria Christina, it being requisite for pupils on admission to be furmished with such a document, but the search wa3 not successful; and in none of the public offices could any traces be found of such an entry. It was only onthe occasion of the marriage of the eldest daughter of Queen Christina a few months ago that a copy of the baptismal certificate was presented at the office of the Mayor of Rtueil, near Psris, -where the marriage v,as celebrated, anid from that copy it appeared that the baptism took place on the 12th of December, 1834. The copy of the certifcate was issued by order of the Cardinal Archbishop of Toledo, buit the original was never found. The Archbisbop wa 6xlaunined, by order of the Government, on the subject, and he declared that, after having dispensed wtith the formalities required by the canons oi the Church, he himself celebrated the marIage of Queen, Maria, Christina with Don Fernando Tunoz,tnot in December, 183.3, but on the 12th of October, 1844, and that he made an entry of the marriage " i - ecial- registries kept in the pri-ate archives of tie offioesof the principal chaplain." 'I hese docurnents too were searched for, but were f<.und tohave disappeared like the-others. The commission observes- " It all them dates be compared and analyzed, may it not ba inferrc-d that the mariage contracted in M833 was concealed on account of the office of Pegent sand guardian which tha Queen Mother fulfilled? From motives of delicacy the commission inclines to that opinion. But then the second marriage, contracted three months after the death of the King, offers a motive for much reflection; and it is not hazardous to say that it was fraitful in lamentable consequences. To it is attributable the tortuous conduct -which the Queen Mother and Rcgent began to follow, showing by her example the pradence of our laws. If it be cartaui thats that marriage was not ceIebrated till the year 1841 tho commission would, nevertheless, out of feelings of ri,pect, declice makisg any reflections, or deducing any consequencem. It limits itself merely to stating those which clearly follow from this simple narative of fact-, and it is enabled toaffirm, eitherthat Donna htaeiaChristinadeBorbort cantracted marriage in contemp' of the law of the land, and of the poliacal Con-titution, and, concealing that marriage, contiinnedta exercise the fuctions of Regent and guardian, -which-wereo incompatible with her married state, or that if sauch marige did not take place at all she was equally incompeten7 to exercise those functions; yet that up to the mon.th of August, 18o, ehe continued in the recipt of al. Iowhsieb umonting to 128,972,8M reals and 18 maravedis, wbieh, without that concealment or without thoce functina,vwonl4 have been lees." The report, moreover, declares,- " She acted in an irregular and arbitiary manner with regTil to this will of the late King; that she consequently injuxed tho intereste of the Queen and the Crowa; tba' she abstrActed tho documents connected with the said will when aho-left the country in 1810; and that aho left everything connected with the palace in 5ach confusion tvhat a commi, aior had to be named soon after her departure. "Moreover, the disappearance of the inventory of the Crown diamonds, the integral part, so to speak, of the will of Ferdinand VIL, the abience of those Eame diamonds, and of otherartidec comprised in the accounts of the privy puzse, are grave questions which the Congress in its wisdom -vill know how to appreciate.* The report then proceeds to other matters of more recent date, but of much interest, such as the expedition of General Flores, and the Aranjuez and other railway, cassal, and nuning speculations, in which the family and friends of Queen Christina took a part. Tke aum abevementioned appliea to her income as Regent, guardian, and widow, and ia exclusive of the proceeds of her commercial and i'dtistnal speculation" The Dtbfa does not attempt to defend these thzrng, foDr which, it says the variousMinisters who tolerated them ought to 1be responsible as well altlie Queen hI other but it describes the conduct ot {he cunmisaio.n and the GOeOnmeUt as mMaleYQle- X nialing the inquiry,,at alL That, however, is a, zistinct affair; the eal question is whether thl. Spanish Parliament have a right or not to inquire into the manner in which the resources of-a country whichliWas exhausted by ao. many years of civil war. have been lavished on uaworthy persons, or whether they hava been'so lavished. If the attempts made to overturn the institutions 6f the country are sAc- I ceafu, and if the present' Cortea are destined hot to meet again, there is little doubt that the exposumre prepared bythe commision will becuaslied. No one can have stgreat an interest as the parties inculpated in preventing such, disclosures fromn I comiing tO light, and being formally stigm,atized by I thc representatives of the Spanislhnoue The Government perhap3 wFould not wvill g'y'reopen the. cuestion, out of regard not:so much for the~ :Ducess do Rianzares as for the nmother of the Queen; but public indignation was too strong. for them, aud if no revolutionary movement is brought about in, a few months to overthrow the present rigime the Cortes will certainly have to pronounce a verdict on these trnsactions. x. de BMomyleft Paristhis morning for Wildbad, where he purposes reminaing till the 25th. He then goes to B3erlin, where he will find the perso,.el' of his Embassy, and proceed forthwith to St. Petersburg. Tle Duchess Dowvag,er of Baden also left this - oo-ning.- The Duchess Of Wurternberg has arrived' at the Tuileries, where she occupies the same apartments as the Duchess of Baden when visiting Paris. She proceeds forthwith to St. Cloud. The COurrier di; Hare says- " The persons comiposing the suite of Count de Moiry as AmbassadorExtraordinaryto Russia were expectedherethig day (Tuesday), hut a despatch from Paris announces tnat the departure has been delayed for a few days." The Duchess of Orleans has sent for herself. and the Princes, her sons, the sum of 15,OOOf. for the sufferers by the inundations. A letter from Plombieres says,- "The lEmperor made an excursion onTueaday to Luxeuil. His Majesty was agreeably surprised to find in the centre of that charming little town an ancient establishment of baths, the arrangement of. which appeared to him remarkable; bat what especially attracted his attention was the insreption, discovered in 1755 :-' Lizorhi ther7mas reparauit Labiv7nus jtsuS Cai Jtvlii canaris Imperatoris,' which proves that the Roman administration was so centralized that a direct order from the Emperor was necessary even to repair baths in an almost uaknown corner of the Vosges. LuLxenil possesses several architectural monuments worthy of attention, and' among others a house of the time of Franis L, the style of which resembles that of the R6naissance. As this house advances somewhat into the street beyond the line of the others, the proprietors were forbidden to repair it, but the Emperor has novr taken off the prohibition, aihd has thereby prevented an interesting monument from being sacrificed to a regularity of little importance." - It appears decided that there will not be a double fete, as was at first contemplated, for the return of the army of the East and for the St. Napoleon. These two solemnities will be celebrated at the sAme ime on August 15;but the fetewill be of a military character,' and-eapecially in honour of the victorious troops who are- returing home, and their Generalin-Chief. The following private telegraphic despatehes have been rEceived:- "ST.PETERSBUR G, JULy 9 "An Imperial ukase extends the amnesty accorded to the refugees of the westem governments of Russia to indivi. duals who took part in the events of 1830 and 1831. %To judicial proceedings can be instituted against them. They Will have merely to tako an oath of fidelity to the Sovereign, and their zights will be restored to them. They will be considered capable of holding Government employment after threa years' good conduct." " hIDRID, JULY 9. "The return of ML Escosra, Minister of the Interior, who is now at Valladolid, is postponed to the end of the week. " Several workmen have beea arrested here. "The cholera is not spreading beyond Seville." Te Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71r. 65c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f. 20c.; and the New Loan at 71f. 70c.; Orleans Railway Sharea, l,410f.; Great Northern, 1, 10Sf. ; Strasburg, 960f.; New Shares, 880f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,460f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,820f. ; Western of France, 965f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 782f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 690f. ; Lyons and Geneva, 802f. 50c.; Bankof Credit Mobilier, 1,585f.; Austrian Railways, 977f. 5oc. - ' Cour3 Athemtique.-PAns, July lO.-Cash Prices.- Fcur-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbnursable for 10 years), OIE. ; ditto second Loan of 1855 (65 per cent, paid), 94f.; ditto Certificates, (65 per cent. paid), 1)4f.; Three perCents., 71f. 5Oc. 40c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (65 per cent. paida) 71f. 40c.; ditto Certificates (65 per cent. paid), 71f. 40c.; Bank of France, 4,150f.; CrEdit Foncier, SOf - ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents, 430£; ditto, Tenths, Thrce per Cents., 77f. 50c.; Prom. Obligations of 1,OOOf., Three per Cents., 930f. 925f.; Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,55. 1,575f. 1,582f. oOc. 1,580f. 1,58S5f.; Discount Bank. 700f.; Piedznontese Five per Cents., 93f. 50c.; Austrian Five per CeRts., 884; Romans, 87A,; Spanish Three per Cents., 451. Exchange on London. at sight, money, 25f. 25c., threa months, money, 2Wf. AIUSTRIA. (Fmos on 0 OWN COnRESPN%Dr.) VIENNA, Jus.v 7, On the 30th June the Earl of Clarendon gave the House of Lords to understand that " some good" miglt be expected to arise from the endeavours of I the Powers to persuade the Papal Goverament to' make such reforms as would render a prolonged occupation of the territories of the Church unnecessary, but information to-day received leads me to believe that the Pope and his official advisers are not much disposed to listen to the friendly advice which they have received from the two great Catholic Powers. State secrets are generally remar;ably well kept in this country, but still it is known in diplomatic circles that Baron Werner's mission to Rome was not attended with any marked success. Cardinal Antonelli and his colleagues do not deny that reforms are necessary, but they are likely to be faithful to the traditional policy of Rome, which is not unlike that of the Porte. Everything will be done to gain time, the two great Catholic Powers wll be played off against each other, fair promises will be made to both, and as soon as the slight external pressure which iS now felt is removed nothing wvill be changed, A person whois in a position to forma correct opinion on the subject tells me that little more is to be expected from the Papal Government than that it will exert itself to protect the lives and property of its subjects. There is some reason for believing that the representatives of Austria and France at the Papal Court every now and then play at crosspurposes; but you will easily conceive that no one here will acknowledge thatsuchis the case. It has, however, more than once been remarked in my presence that Rome would probably be much more docile did it not know " that the Emperor of the French will never countenance any measure which could give umbrage to the Papal chair." The Austrian Government cannot, witbout exposing itself to the charge of gross inconsistency. approve -the conduct of the King of Naples and his "Isbirri," but it certainly will not make common cause with tho Western Powers shouldcthby attempt to force the Neapolitan Government to change its sOystem. No Power is more ready than Austri to intervene in favour of rulers who by misgovernmient have got into difficulties, but she denies in toto that foreign States have a. right to interfere in favour of nations that are ill-used and oppressed by their Sovereigns. Prince Adalbert of Bavaria will leave for Madrid cn or about the 20th of this month, as his marriage is to take place at the beginning of August. Prince Adalbert has closed the Bavarian Chambers in the name of his Royal brother, the B4ng, w,tho approves all that has- been done d".uig the session, excepting the refusal of the Lower Houme to vote the sum demanded by Government for the army. In the Royal speech it is said that tpe Minister of War will receive instructions to be as economical as possible, but the sentence concludes withl the following words :" We, however, declare tlhat it is our firm intention to maintain the armvyon a footing which shal correspond with the dignity of 'our Crown, wfith the position of B3avaria, and our federat enlgagements," It is then said that the wh1ole ans demanded wiU begranted by the King,and an ac' count of the 'way in which it has been expended laid, before the Chamber-at the next Diet.I A well-known English firm is likely to undertake to construct the Vienna-Linz-Salzburg Railroad. The Vienna papers say that the harvest in Austria is likely to be a gooa one, but private information induices me to believe that it wil hardly come up to 'the average. ITAlY. (FROM OU o'w COREFPOlNK NT.) TURIN, JarY '7. - Our newsfromother parts of Italy the last fea daysha -been extremely scanty. The reports of At=ia troops being oollect a i oozWdewable. masses along the left bank of thePo, from Pavia to Casalmaggiore, is .confirmed,: as is also that of .the augmentation of the Austrian garrisona at Piacenzv. 1 believe. the Sardinian Government has even received- official information to this effect, .but:. I have riot heard 'whether it has thought- it. necessary as yet. to demand anx oxplanatiox of sueh an imposing force gathering on its frontier. It has, however, determined on strengthening the fortifications of Alemsandria, by suraound-. ing the whole with detached forts, and the . worlhS, are to be commenced forthvitb, it.is said, without waiting for a vote of the Chambers, which there is no doubt it wrill obtain without difficialty when Parlianent meets, seeing the temper of' the debates. in both Houses at the conclusion of last session. The' proposed' works, are estimated to cost about 15,000,000f., or-660,00. They.will extendboth above and below the town, from the Bormuida to the Tanaro, and, as the surrounding country can be inundated at will by sluices of the latter river, Alessondria, by tbis system, .promises,to become asformidable a strategic point as l'apoleon intended to nanke it.~ 1 notified to you by telegraph yesterday the. arrival of Lord Normanby at Farna, and his havin immnediately repaired to. the Royal Villa of SaLz .to pay ins respects to .the.Plegent~-.He is accompanied by LSady Nommasaby and a communics' tion from« Florence states0-that 'chey left that town in great haste. and .vry unexpectedly. It is to be hoped tlat thiz tardy nisit of iisLordship, after the capital has been three months and a-half in a state of siege, and which seems even now to have been orly undertaken by express orders froni home, may not be too late to be useful. The latest accounts from Parma represent the Duche3s .asstill much irritated against. Count Crenneville, .and the Austrian authorities in Italy in general,. at the contemptuous manner in which she ha3 been treated by them,. and particularly at the suspicions they cast upon her. It is said that she is anxious 'to raise the state of siege 02i- tlle 9th; tho birthday of the young Duke, and to disemnbarrass herse.lf altog,etherof Austian "protection" She - wihesthos prsones to hae ben arred. oft' to, Mautuatobe sentbacktotheir own country, andeither to be released at once or tried by Parmesan tribunals, and, in a word, it wouild appear she is really desirous ofinaintaining-the independence of the C-overnment .which she temporarly presides over. Whether Lord. Nommanby, with his knowna coardtion that Austrian influence is necessary for the peaceoof Italy, .'will afford her much3assistance in~accomplishing these objects may perhaps be doubted, but at al events he will now be able to afford Lord Clarenden the meansof answering questions on the state of Central Italy, should any be put to him before the end of -the session, and possbly the chief aim of -his mission will thereby be accmaplished. It, should not be lot sight of, however, that the inertness of a' British representative at this mo*ment, when people are -wavering between two opinions, is certain and positive losa of popularity forthe cause of order, as it tends to shake mens faith in the power of diplomacy to effect any real reforms, and sweUs the ranks of the revolutionist party. If, - unfortunately, Lord Normanby should return toFlorence leaving the Government of Parina stiU in: the hands of theAustrianGeneral,itwill immediately be said, that England ismnot sincere in the professions so frequently made by her Mlinisters in Parliamnent of wishing to free Italy from the curse of foreign occupation, and Mazzini, who is said to be somewhere about Italy at this -moment, will assuredly profit by the occasion to gather the disgusted spirits tohis standard. The return of the men of the Anglo-Italifn. Legion discharged at Malta is also said to be h, d forwvard to with great satisfaction by tic rc-iutionarv party, but the Sardinian Governruent 'ia3 forbidden the return of any but those whio are Sardinian subjects, of whom there are -'about (,00}ji the Legion, aud who wvill probably findfull employment' on the numerous public vworks always going on in this country. For the others there is the option of Canada,' or the Cape of. Good Hope, or the Buenos Ayres Italian colony, for- which there is an agent come here on his way to Malta to pick up colonists. A letter received from Nuples to-day says, the AngloItalian sLegion gives no little uneasiness there, and has caused-much expense to the Government, as the King had ordered 'the rhole coast defences of 'Calabria to be put into thorough repair, for fear of a descent of this terrible body. - The students of the University of Turin have issued the following addre3s to the gentlenmn of the Englihli press 'Gentlemen.-We, the tm ersinned, students of the University of Turin, -would wish to convey to you, gentlemen of the Ecglish press, the feelings of ocr high respect and gratitude. 'tIelively interest and earnest zeal 'with w-hich you have advocated and developed the principles set forth by the Sardinian linisterat the Paris conferences have laid us under a deen sense of obligation, and we speak in our name and in that of our fellow-stadents of all the Italian States and- provinces to -whose thoughts and feeliugs no utterance is allowed. " Gentlemen, -the principles enonnced by Count Cavour at Paris are the same to which so many of our best and bravest countrymen have faUen victims. Till very lately they were but simple, though warm, asirations of a certain parry, frowned at and scouted by the Powers and even by the nations of Europe, who deemed them fraught with danger to the general peace aud security. Bat those principles have now found an open and a legal utterance; they are embodied-in a free and yet orderly and peaceful State, auItalian State; they areallowed by a lawfutl King; they go forth irkto the wvorld under an aeknowledged ancl a re-spected standard. "That standard; gentlemen, our national standard, the only hope 6o Italy, reared aloft, and held up by the constancy and loyalty of our -true-hearted King, has waved; not withoat honour, beside those of England and Erance on the shores of the Tauric peninsula. It has at last brought together and joined all the hearts, the wants and interests, the longings of all Italians, and breathed into them a con. fidEnt hope that the hour is at hand when, by unanimity and valour, they may mak-etheir country their own. - "Tohasteir that hnur, gentlemen, powerful aid hasbeen yielded by alt the free journals of Europe, and by the free et of all-those- of England. The English press has strenuously brought the cause of Italy before'the high court of public opinion; it has maintained in the face of Europe that our national aspirations were not the wild schemes of harebrainedyoutlhs or the plots of obscure fanatics, but that they were shared alike - by all men who understood the real, pressing, irresistible wants of a divided and oppressed country panting for ruion, for freedom, for a manly reclamation of- its birthright. -- "That press has shown that italy is net to be govemed by geols and scaffolds; that the feeling which is now abroad in the country is not to be quenched in blood, but is only strengsthened by it. That press will newr, we have no doubt, follow up its sacred mission, and when the day comes for a renewral of our national contest it will have enlisted in our behalf the good wishes and sympathies of the friends of freedom and progress throughout the world. " Thanks to ynu, then, gentlemen, who have exhioited generous and chivalrous feelings for the cause of the op. pressed. 'We are mere youths, and can do no more than give you this slight token of our regard and gratitude. Bet the day is perhaps at band- when the Italian youth, matured by age. may. yet stand by Old England, and fight out the cause -of polit,ical and reigitous freedom all the world over, ana showr themselves worthy of the esteem-of the free men of England of all parties. -- "We have the honour to be, Gentlemien, "In'the Your oblig,ed servants, name of the students of the Universityh "I TtONCHIETTI GIOANNr. "NIGRA MICHELANGELO. - "GIAN DOMINICO'PORCARL "EERRAIIIS CARLO. "Turin, June 24." SPAIS. Our accounts from Maadrid are of the Gth inst. The Gazette publishes the following telegraphic. despatch of the Captain-General of Old Castile, da'ted the 4th-:- "This morning five incendiaries were shot at Palencia. A woman-Aas to he executed to-morrow. The whole inill' tary distrietenjoyscomaplete tranquillity.. ' At Alicante the democrats attempted a movement on the occasion of the re-establishment of the tol, but, thanks- to.- the, wise measures adopted by the authorities, no serious disturbances occurrei. The Governor had shut himself up in the.castle with his garison. . ' The provincial deputation and the nuinicipality of Valenmcia, the municipality of Aranuda de Diuero, and the popalation of Santander. hadforvarded addresses to the Queen, in which they condemnel the recent revblt in Castile, and- protested their. attachment and devotion to Her Majesty.-- The- m,auniciPality of Madrid had sent a similar address to the Queen.-
- wZ - --- -- IYTBLLIGBNCB. I - - , TFriday Evening. The nglish -funds opened this morning at the Iaigui prices of yesterday, and, although a slight nnprovement. s-bsequently Qoourred, it was not maintaineds CoPso fornoney, which left off last evefiing 950,, were'.first quoted 95j to i, to which thiey again re1avited, 6fter a temporaryWdvance to 90X. -For the 7th of August the last price wa 95k. Notwithtandingtb6edulness of the market, money_ wras eaaSthreughout- the ;day, the rate for, short loans, being o,nly , per cent. A smell failure was anno=unced in connexion with the settlement of the recent-Cgnsol acco,unt. Consol-Scrip left off at.4,> to prem,nium. Bank Stock;, %l17 to 218; Reduced, 95 - -to96;1Xe'wrThree per Cents., 96d to 9T ~' India Stock, 232 to 235; India-bonds, 20s. to 23s. premiumn; E xchequer-bonds, 1000 to- i; nd Exchequer-bills, lOs. to lOs, preniuun. Foreign' secrities wrere xteady, the operations, although nunerous having been unimportant. . Turkish exhibited symptoms of heaviness towards the close, the Six per Cents. for the account having been negotiated at 103A, and l10, and the Four per Cents., Guaranteed at 106 and 105k. Buenoi Ayres, 87,86, and 88X; Ecuador New Consolidated, 14k; Granada Deferred, I.; Greek, 0;, MexicanThree per Cents., 221; Peravian Four-and-a-Ralf per Cenati for the account, 81; the Three per Cents., for the- account, 57i ; Iussian :Five per Cents., 113; the Four-and-a-Half par Cents., -98k and 99; Sardinian Five per Cents., 921 and A; Spanish Threeper,Cents.,. for the account, ,45; the -New Def.eried,.foir money, 244; for the aciount, 24k and ; Certificates of Coupons, 6k andu6; and autch u'lo-and*a-aalf ber Cents., 65Xit In- the foreign exchanges this afternoon -the rate upon HIolland partly recovered the. decline of last post.- WVith regard to. Paris and Hambur- there i wras no alteration. The corn-market waa steady this morning at the rates of MIonday.- At Liverpool there has been an active butsiness at a slight advance. The report of theLiverpool cotton-market for the week sho*s a-fair demand at previous rates. I The closing-prices on-the Paris Bourse this evening failed to arrive, but the opening transactions in the Three,per -Cents, were at ,71f. 60c. for the entd of the moanth, showing a fractional decline. At Amsterdam and Yienna the markets continte to' exhibit the dulness which has eharacterized them during -the last month or -two. * It is stated that 600,0001. in sovereigns mnayTb expected7 from Constantinople during the present mionth. . 100,0001. of the amount was delivered at the Bank of England to-day.. The returns of the Bank of France for the past month are very unsatisfactory, and, together -with the alarm caused by the inundations, are fully sufficient to account for the distrust lately prevalent on the Bourse.. The stock of bullion has experienced a diminution of 1,800,OOOL, and stands now at about 9,300,0001. At the Isame time the pressure for money has led to an increase of 3,530,0001. in the discounts, wvhile in the advances to sustain the Bourse there has- also been an augmentation of 1S0,0,O..onuGovernment Securities and of 21K, vI . onA,ailway stocks. There has- likewisebeen ain oi-- crease of .80,0001. in the note circulation. The balance- to the credit' of. lie Government has de^creaAsed 50,0001., .afd'the deposits show an addition of 1,0C:N,. NotwtiDth~andin the rapid efflix of the -bullio:n , .pears that lS,3001. was paid during the onthsf , micet the loss from purchasevs of gold on this iidu. The specie by the o to-day from New Yorl. is 30,0001.; and theprivat letters-mention that consideruble sums will be sent by the next two or three ateamers. The decision of the English Government regarding the course to be adopted with Mr. Dallas had not yet been received,: and the stock-marLets -*vere, without material alteration. The. rate of discount was. 7per cent. Erie Railway was quoted 59; Readig¢, 91i-; Panama, 105; Ilminois Central Bondsq, 87¢g; and Nicaragua, 10k. The prospectus has been issued of another Indian iailway, to be~ called the Calcutta and- SouthEastern, with a capital of ],000,G001., in 201. shares. The object is to connect -Calcutta with a new seaport on the Mutlah liver, by a line of about 26 miles, ana-thuis to escape therapidlyincreasing diuiculties of the Hooghly -navigation. Wet docks are also to be- constructea. -Sulsequently it is contemplated.to extend the line to Chittagong, Arrscan, and the principal places in the Burmese territory. The Indian,authorities are stated to regard the work with favour, but the directors, relyinig upon the natural piofits of the-trafflc, have refrained from soliciting a guaran.tee, and propose to commence teundertalking 6n.its own, merits. The Riga ,Railwfay Compauy have officially notified the ratification of their convention by the Russian Government, and that a competent staff have been despatched to test the accuracy of the plas and estimates prepared by the Riga Exchange committee, :affer: which -the . directors will proceed to complete the.statutea of the company with. the Russian. Government. It is also stated that the firA call of .4. per share, is not expected to be required before the middle of August. On Monday last a Spaniard was clharged at the Guildhall-Police-court with an attempt to obtain the manufacture of spurious Peruvian securities, and he has- to-day again been examined and remandel for a week.: Meanwhile the holders of Peruvian Bonds have -felt anxious to ascertain if there -was any reason to suppose that the system had been long in practice, and if there was anything to impugn the. genuineness of any of those circulating in thlis country. -It is believed, however, that the operatio n hasl been entirely contined to anl imitationt of the bonds of the Internal Debt, the object being to transmit them from-this side for sale in Peru, where, according to the last advices, it seems, fthe scheme had been partially successful, a forged bond for $7,000 having just been detected in circalation. Considerable disappointnment was expressed to-day at the number of rejected- applications for shares in the Ceylon Railway, the deposit money having in each case been retained for morm than a fortnight. In-consequence of the -diapprobation mianifested on the Stock-Exchange, -the brokers to the company, Mlessrs. Cazenove and Sons, and Huggins and Co.,. put forth an intimation that they had had-no voice in the allotments. It appears that the total number. of shares appliea for reached 238,000, although the quantity -the board had to deal with-was o-ly 4,000. These 40,000, it is said,- have been distributed as follows-' viz.,-7,861 to original ahafeholders since the ye ln 1847, 5,895 to applicants between Februa-ry andJuneilast, 1,000treserved formcontingencie l and. 2o,238 allotted to appliciiants since the 18th of June includinug those reserved for Ceylon by direction of the local Gover uent i . -o e - In the colonial merkets during the reek theoahae been a geueral tendencytoimnprovement, andhiliger rates are mn-many-instances qaoted. .S here has been a good-iiiquiry.-for sugar, both for parcels afloat and o n-Je spot. IThe- quantity offiered at public sale at the-' commnencement wvas not irmmoderate, and, the -whole was purchased with much animation at a rise of is: per cwt.,- the speculators and shipper3 operating- very. -reely,-while -the trade also were eager buyers. - A.pause for a time &ocurred, owing tothe very large quantities advertised for the sales 6f;-to-day; but this sco' passed away, and, withi few exceptions, all went off briskly at a further enhanceient ut1 hemaiket clofing wit-h extreme Jirmness, tit an advance ,of ls. 6d. to 2s. per cwt. above the-closiung quotations of last weel- Privately many floatm' ecarohoes -have - changed hands at icoreasingferms, -,hile the husiness -concluded:on the spot has be,en vY,ely extensive. ;-In mvolasses some transactions of Jconsequencelmave been, effected at high. q~uota-i t,ons. For ci,ffe,e therb has lik;ewise been sv,eri' gooddemand, tho plantation Ceylon kinds realizing an advance of Od. to Is. per cwt., while the native dass~es ttaken atforrnerquotations. -Two argoea of -the new. crop from - Costa Rica :have. arrived. Saltpetre-c,ontinuesin -verygood request, anda an r-vance of Ai. &L per cwt. hns bee _paid_ The im- ierior, classes of rice hive beei purchased largely at ligher price, -.- The ten-market remains dull.- Pulblic sales I- W --declared I for Tuesday. Thequarterly indigo iales commaenced on the 8th inst., and' conmprised 15,440 -chests. They opened; very teavily, and continued- dull for arshort time, but. ipjpbrters gave strong iupport to -the naiket by buying.in largely, uAhd more inclination to operate has- lately beeri ;apparent. - The - good, fino, I andy ordiuniryclahsies fv xpetieniced 'a-fall of:3d. per:-cwt. below.tlhe'ayzalea';-b,ut the desirable: kinds. realize_- about- pevious prices. - 9,215 - cheots have been alreoady passed, of whiih only. 1,846 have been - old,,'t,h' enfaindriih g,S -en withd.'a~ina tought in - -- --- t Tha CaUiefnoads~ron ti'cIa utarrived 'on Wed: nesd2syifrs S,ydiey, ls-bro,ught l4510 -ouul- _'OU gold - and 9,875 xovereigma, maknug a total of A. eiorr pendent complaina of the frquent inaccurate anouncemenlts on the arrival f the Mexica;n- mails, of Iarge'~s of spece brought on account of diidends. lheae eroa origigte in the tel Taphic despatches. a return from the Dank of Ingland-for th weka ending t.e f5th of -July gives-the follroilg W1t, *whe, nomparedwithli the previoux weekPubliodopsits . .,. 817,074...Deore* £887,496 OtbGrdoPONA87 .... . ... 10,470,957 ... Inacra. 66),9!2 Red It . . 3 ;,2S49G2 ... Incraw .36,50T On the other aid of the awcount :- Goverament mecuritie... £lL,38,515 ...Icresss £3S,360 OGier ccurties ... .. - 15,527,912... 1creg. 723,951 Notes unemployed ... 6,55720 ...Decree 835,995 The amount of notem in circulation is 19,946,645I., being an increase of 431,390t.; and tho stock of bullion in both departents itl12,10,9421., showing a decreme of 462,816. a-whmn eompared with tihe preoeding return. -
WJW3!E REPl?ORTZ. SUGAnE.-The public0 auctions to--daY were nuMerous, and the quantity put -up, claiefly Mauritius, was 1,.re-yTIZ., 28,000 bagL.There we,raples&t tfb uyern olvAflouskindsiand thde whole west off with considerable aziimation at 6d. to Is. it o e T aesd ay's rxate s, estas-1tziuhg for thsa-weelk a n a d an ce ofu s. Id to 2e rc t. The following are t'he particulars -23,045 bags uritius, low to finn brown, 41s. 6d. t 45s.;- lowzo niddlinmg. yellow, 45s. 6d. to 46s. 6d. ; good strong to fine yellow, 47s. ad to~ 493. ; 3,337 baofBenaree, go6dandfmawhie, 9s.to %50g Gd.; low soft, yellow44s 6d to45- ; ,04 baWof <jate, low 4o goodl yaMolio, 41s. to 46s. ; 403 bagof adas, lowr to good yellow gro. cery 48s. to 50s ; 80 hhds. of West India have been sold, rnaking 3,630 for the week. MolasseE, from -their xelative cheapness 'with sugar, have attracted attention, aunl thes has ben alargebusineas doing onhigher terns. ConIEE_-The sales to-day consisted of 1.49 ca*sk, 358 barrels and bags plantation,- 380 baps zative Ceylon, 170 bales and h - aGMocha, and 90 tiercw Jainasks, the whole of wbich found buyer at full pces, and the pianta. tioin at rather impuroved rates, estab b.~in, an advanuce of aboutls. per cwt.adurin.gthie week. iXative Colon realized 49s. Gd. to 51s. for low to good ordinary. Rhcm.-1,922 bags and 1,439 poockets Bengaxl were s,oe of at 9s. to 9s. Gd. for broken,1,lOsto l0s. 6d. fori dtng! white, 9s. Gd. for 213sllsm. andl,280 bags Mtad brouF,ht lo,. for ordinary inl;y, A flosting cargo of 1,000 tons.:Necrsn. ale is repore at 9g. 9a. for- Antwerp. On the spot the sales of Rillams have beenL to a considerable extent at 9s. 3d. to %-. 6d., atso some parcels of. good white Bengal at 12s. 61. to 13g. Gd. 9ALTP=,.-1,M3 bags Beng4l partly sold, 6A at 32g. 6d. per cwt.;. 4{ and 2;1 was hold for 33s. &tand M4. 6d. per cwt. ; ana 7A per cent. refraction for -32s. Gd. per cwt. Isenoo.-onrta Iay.-.T,4ho sales have progressed since Tuesday, and 9,215 chests have beenpaedtthsim,o which 1.8M chests have been sold, 3,7 het itdan and ,89 ebsteough in Ou ofthe2,024chsspse bongh in;The oldes hae shwn dringthe last three tealehstherefore become snore sijledtthMa rate. at the samie time itis necessary to buy in the inferor qaities, only desirable and coloury sorts selling wvith any redns.02ricesinust be quoted-for fine, May ratee to3d -lower; nxiddlingand. good,Wlpjpizg, Maycrrny infeio marks~, last sale's value- to 3d.: cheaper. The few chests 2Kurfali Madras have-sola from May prices to 3d. lower, anddry leaf hfadras, of 'which but a limdited quantity has been passd, oodandmidlin atlaseal's prices, and-, infertor SO.3d. to 50g. Gd. For the lastthemoh?dley there are buyers at 49g. 94., with sellersat0.
i - W 4 MB - Fri&:r Evening. The raiivway-market was generally qiuet to-day, 'bt pn1ces which opened with heanvness were in several c3sc- fimIer towards the close. Indian de'ruiptions xliibited great atrength. French ana Wuian presentedlittle alteration. The shaes of t;he Australian land and banikidg companies were not influenced by operations. Miscellancous shares iere dealt in only to a lmited eitent, but quotatiofis were fairly aupported Riga Railway shares recovered, and left off 5 to4 pm. -; Ottoman Bank V to a. pm.; Bank of Egypt, I to 1 pm., Xatisnal Discount Company, 1i4 to - pm.; ternarbuco, 1. to~ -pm.; Lombardo-Venetan, 5; to q1 pmL; Bni. of Switzerland, . dis. to 1- pm.; Ceylon, 2 to- - pm.; Bengal, ito - pm.;;-Euphrate. Valley, 'ito. ipm.; Western of Austria, 1I- to 2 -pm.; and Zetropolita-n Gu&a-teed, i to 1 pm.- ORDI?ARY S}rAIES AIND gTOCIM
-- - APPEAL& UTATrIS}. nF TVRTr, XTm-r Ti 1 ON'SZ V. WSSBBOEOUGH. AND OTH0IW. iibo hearing ofthis cause, after occupying theire.ordslaips {he whole day, i9s still uhfinibhed at 4 o'clock, when the further earing ws adjourned until Monday morning. SAYER V. BBRALEY. In this case, whicli appeared in The Times of the 28th of June last, an error occurred in our xeport of the opinionis of the learned Judges u,pon the quertion of law put to them by the House. That question in substance was whether, loodkg'at the terms of the will of the terttor, together with the codicil and memorandumittachEd, the learme- Judges were of opinion that the speliii fulfilled the terns used by the testator in describing the object of his bounty, who was to bethe nearestof kin to him in the male line in preference to the female line, and would thus be able toimaintain an action against the testator's executors for the Java medal, which was to descend with tbe estate, in case of their refusal to deliver it up to him. The learned Judges said that, in their opinion, the appellant could not L mzinamt such an action.
JUDICIAL COMOITTEE OF PRIVY COUJCIL, Friday, July 11 THE TEOBLH¶.-CLrTn -4YR EESTBBTnTOo OF CAmGO. (BcforcAr. PMBERTON LEIGH, Sir EDwA.ID RY-A, Sir JOHN FAT1XsoN., Sir Jos IDODSoN, anid Sir W. H. '" - This was originallya caus depen'ding mn the Admiralty Prize Court, promrot'ed on behalf of the Queen against the schooner Problem,. atd the cargo laden thersin, captud by Her Majesty's ship-of-war Czuiser, ainst Mr. Tottie, of London, clainant of the' vessel, and Mr. Van Gent, oE Schiedam, Clai t of the cargo, itervening. The seL under Swedish colours,pursuant to a cbater-partdated the 2d of Jnne, 1S54, and entered into by Mr. Stessen, of the house of Steisen and Co., of ELsnore, proceeded from Carlsham to Pemni in ballast, where she arrived On tbe 14th of the same month, took in a cango of rye, sailed therefrom on the 19th. bound to Schiedam, and was captured off Lyserort on the 21st, for a breach of blockade. Both the ship and cargo vere condemned in the court below. An spplication was subsequently niade to that Court on behalf of the claunint of the cargo, with the-view of inducing it to receive, further proof, but to which the learned Judge refused to accede, and added that if the further proof w_re before hit, he believed the cargo must be condemnned, The present appeal was thea instituted. Dr. Bayford and Dr. Twiss appeared for the claimant; the Queen's Advocate and Dr. Jenner for the captors A preblninary objection was taken by the Qteen's Advo. cate, who submitted that by the application made to the Court below after sentence of condemnation had- passed theappealwas pre-empted. After hearingthecounselfor the anpellant on that point, Sir 3. DoDsoN said their lord6hips were of opinion that it was not necessary to decide that question, because upon the nierits of the case the claimant was not entitled to restitution. The vesEel had been sent to Pernam to fetch the cargo by the agent of the claimant when their Lord. ships were satisfied there wvas a full knowledge of 'the blockade. The principal was bound by the acts of his gent, and, consequently, the sentence of the Court below nnust be affimed.
LAW PREPOBT. COURT OF CHANCERY, LuwoiN's-wNx. JULY 1L D.- BANKRUPTCY. (Before the LORiDS JTusTxcy of AiPPEA) k.' Y&WXa :R 1AAC LYON GOLDSMTID, BART., AND VlLLTA1 Ri;NG, ESQ,, 32 RE GEORGE DEANE AND IREDEP.ICK YOULE, BANKRtPrS. This was a petition of appeal presented by Sir Isaa5 Lyon ¢oldsmid and Mr. King against a decision of Mr. Commissioner Perry, of the Liverpool District Court of Banlrrptcy, made upon a question of. ouble proof. The factswerc as follows.:-In 185S the bsnkrupts carried on business as com. mission agents and generalmerchants atLiverpool, as Deane, Youle, and Company, andalso carriedon business in partnership with Aifred Youle at Pernambuco, as merchants ou distinct and separate accoant. The business of the Pernambuco house was partly this :-They mnade purchases in the Brazils of produce to he consigned to the Liverpool firm for account oftheBPernanmbaco firm, to pay for the same in cash, and to raise the amoant required for that purpose by the tale at Pernambuco of bills of exchange drawn by the Pernambuco firn upon and accepted by the Liverpool firm. The Pernamnbuco firm also made payments to English nr sons and finns ina rsimilar manner. Thie Pernambuco iu made consignments snd remittances enough or more than enough to indemnify the Liverpool firm for the amounts of the bills. .Among the bills so drawn by the Pernambuco firm were twro bills-one for 10,000L., dated the 29th of May, 1854, and the other for 5,OOOt., dated the 19th of June in the same year. These two hills were purchased on behalf of the Brazilian Government for the purpose of making payments in England on its behalf, and w ere drawn ai favour of Sir Isaac Lyon Goldsmid and Mr. King and Mrr. 'Thempson (since deceased), the agents of the Brazilian Government. On nthe 13th of lXovember, 1854, the Liverpool finn was adjudicated bankrupt. On the 26th of June, 1855, the Pernambucofirm entered into a concordat v;ith their creditors, which was duly ratified. The Govern.- ment of Brazil in the firstinstance claimed aright inpriority over the other creditors of the Pernmobuco firm, but relinquished their right on the assumption that the Liverpool firm wvas a distinct and different firm, and that the hiilawere such as en'.itled them to recover against both firms,- one as drawers and the other as acceptors of the same. Accordicrg to Brazilian law the holders wvould he entitled to receive dividends under the concordat without relinquishing any right to dividends under the hanicrupttcy of the Liverpool frm. The petitioners offered to prove at Liverpool, but the cosmlxssioner declined .to receive it., -on the ground of the concordat, holding that, if admitt.ed, it would. be donble proof, which coufld not he admitted .fter an election to prove against the Pernanshuco firm. The petition prayed that proof might be admitted egainst the I.verpool firn: for so much as had not. been paid under the concodtb h Pernambuco firm.crdtbth Mr. DE GEX argued the er sevYary Mll', anud, among many cases, cited one wvhich elicited from; the Bench the observation that no gentlemlan's opinion was deserving of more nilfeigned respect than th;.t of Mir. Serjeant, Stephen, 70 which1 the learned cousl asrsented, anci stated that' in referen ce to the part cular case then under discussion, he had spoken to tbe learned serjeant. who, possibly feeling its stress, resorted to a figure of speech popular and not unusual with the Bench-namely, that be " doubted the accuracy of the report," but, upon being shown the wvritten judgment, did not setain his donbt. Mr. Bacon and Mr. Asplaud (of the commoun law; bar) appesred for thle respondents. ME. DE GEX was heard in reply. Their LO D firm have reserved judgment '
VICE- U A ANCETIORS' COTTR-. RPmTAV -T-n ll 1:i u'IjiUE ROTYSTANT LIFE ASSURANCE ASSOCIATIO1Z. (Before VIcc-Chancedor Sir R. T. XNDEdmRzSIE.)- -an orcer was made upon petition for winding up this association, but it was therain designated as a company; - and it was now asked that the former order might be discharged, and a new one made, it being an association only, and therefore wrongly descri'ed as a comnany 3r. Baily and Mr. Roxburgh appered in support of the Mr. W.W. CooPXR, who appeared on the former occasion in support of the petition to wind up, now said that the error had arisen in consequence of the mnanner in which the words "association" and "company" were used in the JointStaock Company's Act-appearPingY there to be used The VICE-CMANCELLOIS, having consulted lMr. Colville (the Registrar), thought that there had better be an order made de noro, the costs out of the estate. WIL};S V. GROOMn. - Inl this case, which has been twice reported in Xtee lTimes. within a short period on various questions, a sale had taken place of the testator's property nnder the direction of the Court, and, the trustees having disclaimed, administration wsith the wlll annexed was taken out. No heir-at-law of the tEstator could be founid, and an order was obtained under the Trustee Act of 1850 appointing a person to convey. Under these circumstances the purchaser objected that two steps should have been taken-namely, an order apooiuting rew trustees and to vest their estate in them, whichi would have been the regular course. 3Mr. WICKENS appeared for the purchaser. Mr. BAiLy and r. (G. COLrINs, for the administratrix, 6ontnde tha th couse hichhadbean 'taken -was thought to be effectual at a less expense to the estate. The ccx Cs.&icEsaxt houht hatit was niuch bett-er. that t is poit ouclEdL boe decided by a higher tribunal, and that an application should be made to the Lord Chancellor or Lords Justices on the subject. (Befoze Vice-ChancelMor SirW-: P. WOOD.) DOODY V. wrGGIXS. The VICE CrASCEILon gave judgment in this case. The question turned upon the following clause in the will of John Adams, dated the 9th. of August, 1787:-" The. residneof my estates esitimate at about .,C00L., wh:ch, be it more or less, it is my desire that it be divided equally amongthefollowingpersonsor their heirs for ever :-to the grandchildren of myuncle, John Adams, decemsed; also to the grandchildren of my uncle Richard Wheatley, deceased; also to the grandchildren of my uncle, Samuel Wheatley, deceased." Upon the construction of this clause Lord Jtlstice Tevor, when Vice-Chancellor in 1852, had decided that the wordI "1heirs" was -to hbe, construed heirs according- to thenature of the property; that was, "next of kin," the properby being given as money.: Some difficulty having arisen as to the wordl "next of k-in," wvhether it was to be' taken intliesenseof "nextof kin"' under the statute for' tbe distribution of the personal estates of intestates- or' as nearest of kin simsplcitfe, a petitiont had been presenited for the purpose of determining this question. lfr.1}obhouse aud Mr. Horsey appeared upon the petitien. The VICE-CHAN.CELLOR, after commenting upon the authorities, which he observed, were in no way disturbed or intendled to be diturbed by the recent decision of Vice-, -Chancellor KCindersley in " Lowe v. Smith," and "R le Waltonl's Trusts," said that th'e gift to the heirs of 'the gandchildren was a gift to thore persons who would have ty.eentitled as next of kinunderthse Statute of Distribu.- tions, including the widow. SUDDURY V. BROWN. s:A question arose in this cae as to whether certaii gold and silver coins, found by the executors in a bag in the testator's iron-chest, passed to the legatee, under a bequest of " all. my household furniture, plate, linen, china, pieturs andl jeweory," as includedL under the termi "jewelry.") Mr. Batten appeared for the executors ; M. W. D. Iewis for the legatee. The V1CE-CHaNcEiLoR said that in a case reeently cited Weore hint a gold watch had been held to pass undler the word"plae." ad tese oinsbeenexhibited as coins soneties ere uner frme r i acase, be should have thoghtthy ntgh pas o te egaeeas furniture; hut, hein fond y te eecutra n ahag lokedup in the testtoss stongbox be oul no hol tht tey passed. GOIHV. DAVIES. In thu case, whic caeon. po furthe consideration, a queoutn MZ9q 04 ~g~~-9 Atterney.Genwra in- curred by bis apperanoe to argue-a question as-t the rigl of a convict who had reoeived&a padon from the governor of the penal colory to sucoeed to ahare in certain personal ea*at. under a -will wAsi:hiaws be'n administered in. this sxit, Ulon the Oft ' th ons tio on the 2d.of Tz~ Of thalt date, the Co,, hdeia thfat the coa. >icit was entitledj thus deciding againt the claiai prefeed 'bytheCrown. 3fr. WICKESS, onU'eialf of the &Attorney-GeneraL contended-that the costs If the Crown- ought to come -out of the-share- of the convict, who rinust be treated as having committed a voluntary act-hike tue creation of an encumbrauce-which rendered it imipoesible for the Cowrt todispose of the case in the absence of the Attoriey-Generd, 'ho was thus rendered a necessarparty, and could notdis. claim.y,alculnodi Mr. Cox (with whom was Mr. Cairns) contended theat ih Attorney-General, having failed in his contest, stood in the, same position with any other unsuccessful claimant, aid rmust have his costs refused. The result of the authorities showed that the Attorney-General. was less favoured than even private individuals as to claims for cost. The VIcE-Cn.LANcgLLOR said that lie could not give the Attorney-General the costs of his appearance in thicase. It was quite ti-ue -that he was- brought here, and could nbt disclaim, but when he knew that the eon,i had been pardoned he might have renounced all anxiety to have the case probed, and forbmrne to press the argument. He had tken is chance, however, of success; he had raised the ques, lion and failed, and must be-treated like any other claimint .whose contention had been nsuccessfuL: He would therefore receive no costs in re6pect of his apearnce. re .Mr. Chandless, Mr. WiUcook, MUr. Southgate, 3fr. Shee, Mlr. Sheflield, lMr. Torriano, and Mr. F. 0X. -A. Williams also appeared in the ease.:
|. COUBT OP BANKR UPCZe B gwzllfrety, IL 1- .- . LN - -:D'E WIN PYE. | i. - (Befcw Mr. Co07mmsai rer FA?-E.I ne -uKrUpt was a timber merchant of Manor-street, Chelse. ls debts and liabilities are 1,8W0l, and his asset, about 1001. This'vas the certificate meeting. Mr. Braham opposed on behaf of Messrs. Jacobs and Solornons, Sun-street% BishopsgaAe, creditors for 2401.; and Mr. Lawrance supported. It aph ared, froin tbe exanination of the bankpt, thO the di t. was the balance of along discount aceount at 3Q per cent. I The Com3ssio\ER.-Icarenottosaywhichistbegreater knave-the man who makes such extraordinary demands that no honest man, except perhaps occasionally, cao pay, or the man who accedes to- them. When such terms ure obtained a great mnany other people - are caused to lose their money. The result of a protracted examination of the bankrupt and Mr. Solomons went to show that numerons bills of small amount had been discounted. -Mfr. Solomons 8aid the bankrupt had represented certain bills as trade bils which were not ro, but accommodation bills on men of straw. Nci such person as William James, carpenter, lived at South, terrace, Peckham; and on inquiry in Portland-street, where a bill acceptedby one Kent was msde payable, his foreman -was told that he was in the hands of rogues. His rate of discount was 20 per cent. The banlrapt, it appeared from further evidencde had renewed debts and liabilities to the amount of about B0Ol., owing under his father's bankruptcy Ur. L&iv.RA.NCJ said, persons like Messrs. Jacobs and Solomons produced the mischief of which they complained. The bankrupt was a young man, he might almost say a youth. It was by the dangerous, not to say the wickedj system by wlhich young men-were enabled to get money at so hgh a rate of iterest that they were brought into the noition of his client. ' Hisq IOwOUu said, Mr.;olomona did mot come here with -3a viev to get payment of his bills, but to see parties punished for offences against the 1aurupt law. He had carried on a hazardous business. P'ersons in his positi,on were not entitled to much consideration, but the bnkrupt deserved punishment. The case ef the&bill-upon James, the carpenter, was one of fraud. Others were open to suspicin There would be a suspension of certificate (third cass) for nine months. The bankrupt would be:unprotecte three months, and released after three ronths' imprisomnent. i IN RE L. B. PEAtCE . The bankrupt, a very young man, was a brick merchant, ef York-road, lambeth. On the 29th of September, tS53, he had a' capital of 4,001. His debts andliabilities are nowl7,0001.( mcludin-liabilities tothe amount of 0,0001. on the bills of Rowland'and Evans, and W. Tingey). and his assets about B,0001. This was the certificate meeting. Mfr. P,vYLE, for the bankrupt, asked for an adjorxnment of three weeks with a view to efrect an arangement with the creditors and supersede thabanrruptcy. His HoXoun doubted the wisdom of such a course. Ip often resulted in the debtor being left subject to old debts; and with no property either to paythem or resume business A man was thus left to struggle witha stone round his neck, and injustice was frequently done to new creditors who were not aware of his position. The struggles of life were great enough without a man being placed in this position. He 'would grant the desired adjournment with this 2emark, -a certificate wasa good sweeping-thing; it made a msn a free man for the future. -
INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COUBT, Jrtd IL IN RE THOMAS W. HL O'KEEFE. I (Befo&e .44. ni,tLtmi, M rw1PPTnVl An application was made in this case. for leave to file a rpetition under thc followiig circumstances:-The insolvent, adramatic author, who had lately been manager of Miss Emma Stanley's entertaiment; under .the- name -,of Eugh.e, petitioned the Court some time ago; but did not attend on the day appointed-for his hearing, being detained in Newgate upon a charge which he now swore was false and unounded. He was ultimately discharged-from custody, but his protection from this Coprt was not xenewed. . Since that time he has contracted fresh, debts, and being arrested -at Liverpool he removed liimself by. haeas to the Qqeen's Prison, where he -now. remains. he. present application was for leae to fifle a new petition, notwithstandxigthat already upon the file. The learned Coa0IsissIosE fefused to aTlow the debts in the formner schedule to he included in a new one, but nanjed a day for the insolvent to come up under the 28th section of the Protection Act to be examined in. respect to the existing petition, and also gave .leave to file a new petition under the Prison Act, in order to be discharged from the debts contracted since the date of tho protection petition.
SrfTAlMMR7 Aq.qTr7.IZ ODRs {,T 7 HERTFIORD. Jmv 11 The commission for the county of Herts was opened here yesterday, and this morning business Was proceeded with in both courts at 10 o'clock, lord Chief Baron Pollock presiding on the Civil Side and Mr. Justice Erle in the Ciown o^urt. CROWNo COURT.-(Before Mr. .Tsssfce ERIa.) George Brereton Sharpa, surgeon, surrendered to take his trial for usiademeanour, ms having unawfully and indecently caused certain dead boodies .to be removed from a buryingground. Mr. T. Chambers and Mfr. Hawkins conducted the prose. cution. The defendant conducted his own case. The learned counsel for the prosecution, in opening the csse to the jury, said that the inquiry they were about to enter upon was one of a character that theyhad never before probably been called upon to investigate. It vould be 'unnecessary t-o trouble them with hearing the whole of the indictment, which coAtained several counts, but the substantial charge agaiinst the defendant was thathe had been guilty of the snisdemeanourof unlawfully enteringaburyingu-grond and removing the remains of certain dead persons that had been interred there. The prosecutors of the indictment were the trustees of a Baptist cbapel at Hlitchin, called Saleiu Chapel, which. was instituted so far back as the year 1632, and -to which was attached about an acre of . ground, that vas appropriated as n bury-ing-place for the members of the congregation. The defendant, it appeared, was a surgeon, and resided at Welwyn, and on the 14th of Novenmber he went to a woman named Woodflield, whose husband had the charge of the burialground in nuestion, and told her that his father was dead,- and that he wanted the keys of .the ground to make arrangements for burying hin. The defendant, it appeared, had a grave in the ground, -in which bis mother, Louisa Sophia Sharpe, his stepmother, and a nephew and niece, named Alfred and Mdarthm Caroline Sharpe, were interred, and he gave directions that the grave should be opened, and -a -man -and a bay were employed for that purpose, and the eartia was dsa out down to the soffins. Later in the day the-dfendabut came again to the buryin-ground, - and upon coining tv the coffins of the nephew and niecs, who- were children; it was found that they were in such a state of decomposition that they could not be got out of the "rave, except by placing cloths round them, and soesu cloths that were brought by the defendant apparently for the purpose, were wrapped round the coffins, and they were thus lifted out of the grave. The coffui of the stepmother, which, it appeared, had beea buried 15 years, but which6 notwithstanding, exhibited very little appearance of decay, was then brought oat of the, grave, and after this a brick arch that had been built over tho reroains of the mother of the defendant, who had been buried 33 years, was cut through. It was found, upon arriving at the coffin, that it was in a very advanced sta&e of decay, the lid was completely rotted off. and nothing could be seen but a heap of mould; and a shellthat had also been brought in the cart weS lowered into the grave, andthe whole of the remains were swept out of -the original cofia into this shell, which was then raised out of the grave. The coffin containisg the body of the stepmother of th'e defendant was then lon'eredinto the grave, and it appeared that it was no part of the defendanVs project to remove this member of his family, for th; grave wVas partially filled up and 'when this had been done he gave directionsthat the shell containing the remai1s of his mother, ansd the coffins containing those of his nephew and neiec, ahould be placed in the cart, and this ims the first intira,tion he gave of his intention to remove the bodies. -Raving,. however, ordered the grave to be refilled with earth, -the cart and the remains that had- been deposited .in it were driven off, the defendant stating at the same tine that he. found there was not room to bury his father- in the grave, and therefore he should remove his relatives.to be buried with hin in Baldock churchyard. Under these eircunstances the trustees of the chapel had felt it their duty-to institute the present prosecution, and they felt that it was of the utmost importance, not only to themselves is a Dissenting body, but to the p,ablio generally, that it should be known that the law - viould - noe tolerate proceedinga of this description, ;and that it would not - be -permitted to any one to adopt such - a -course with regard to tho remains of his deceased relativesas had been taken by the defendant on the present occasion. As to the mdfive of the defendant, he gathered rrom a letter he had-written to a newspapr publisbod in this town, the Hertfoerd Acaeurs, and whic he should put in evidence, that the -defendant's father and himiselfhlaving seceded from the Diasentingeen. - gregation of which they had formerly been smeimbers, he wias desirous that the remains of his relatives should be removed; from unconseorated to consecrated ground, - xan be adopted this unjustifilble and, as he should con-! tend, llegaln method of carrying out his object. The learned counsel then read rortiona of the letter -to which leg Dorx4erred, and in whiehthe defendat said that " next- thare Wa boject for whicb, a one of th greatst e jougdentertain, his poor lihe was w eon nuace, ad that. object had now beeai.owmpliai,adteomlio 6f-.itad clothedhini. with 4uch Aia ll o etedwould be grof again ataJ that migt '0ba .tIsrownat him" isreferrd, un doubt, .o tbe emoval of the bodies and havng them placedincaotedgrou, and with eferenfetothe ode nwhicl tb jec b. aomnplisbed he said in the same letter-"It has been a that if> Mr. Woodfield had bean at eie things would nohave een carried out sa they.wre. I onceeive there would have been no difference up to a: oertai p0ont, and aftier fihat I- conoeive here would,bave eest the aLme. -it was best both for Mr. Woodfield and for mne that hi x; not there, for if he had renturod to. put a match to y- native enesibilities, primel ag they then-ere,=i e ngrht ,better have dared to rob a bear of her whelpr tls,r a firsr born son of his mother with feelings and a faith slch as mine." The learned counsel concluded by ating that, although Dissenting bunrylggrounds by reason oftheirnot' having been consecrated were not under the- ordinary cecclo-' 'siasticaxl law, yet it was clear, in his opinion, thit tbe~de- j fendxat ,had commnitted an offence aanst the ocomnmonlawr of the Loid-that h-is act wsone cor.tra 607oi saorcs,ae thxt he would be amenable to the o preeent indictment. - - h lar.,ustice ERLE here observed that for the po F the present indictment he shouldhold thal it wasequallyan offence improperly to remove a dead body from a buryinggro,und, whether the ground WB cownecrated or not, and he wvouldreservethequestion forfarther consideration if- he' wss required to do so. Elizalet Woodfield wsz then exam;ned. She -sid t ;ither-huEburd had the charge of the burying-ground attached to Salem Chapel, at litchin. It contained about 4)0: graves, and wma about an acre in extent. She remembered; the defendant making an application to her 'respecting ax gr3v. HIe was a stranger to her at the time, but when -etod her that Mfr. Sharpe, his: father, was dead, she~ inew who he was. iHe saia thax he wanted to go into, the buryingground to look for a grave Witness told him her' husband WAs not at, h(oLe, and he said- he only- wanted the keys to look -for a grav% and witness i went with him. He then pointed out -a, -rave as his mother's, and wished it to bh opened as quiclly-as possible,/' ain he said that his father's funeral must tak,w 7nice on the following day, or the day after at the'latest He then saidthat -he was going bac to Welwyn, add-he would return in the afternoon, and he wished the grave to be opened j soon as uossible, and to spare no expense. About 5 o'clock - -in the aiternoon the defendant came in accom-anied by a man nmed Parr, and a horx axnd ETa oHD then or, dered the men to go into the grave and bring out the coffins. of the children as carefully as they could. , They were very, mach decayed, and the defendant gave them -x cloth to wrapround ech of them. These cloths *ere brought ia the cart - The defendant then ordered the men to breakthrough some brickwork that was in the grave, and he said if a flat stone was placed there instead of the biick, it would give iC gmat deal more room. They acordingly did so, and came to the body of the second Mrs.- SharpeThis coffir was in-very good preservation. It was drwaw outofthe grave and placed on the ground. The defendant then ordered the man to break awayan arch of bricks that bad beenplced over the coffin of hsown mother.. The men did as they wrere directed, and when the coffin was ex-. posed the lid appeared to. have entirely'rotted away,'-andS nothing could be seen but wfhat appeared- to be s;heap ofmould. The defendant then sent forax shell out of the car and it was let into the grave. At this time she' had no idea that he s going to remove any of the. remains, and thought thwat his object int removing the coffin of his mother was to have the grave-made deeper. The whole of the contents of his mother's caffin! were then shovelledinto the shell, and it was raisedout of the grave, and then the coffin containing the body of the: second Mrs Sharpe was dropped into the place wvhiei itwas taken from. Witness was very much agitated, and inquired of one of the men iwhat Mr. Sharpe was going to do. They were going to drop the coffin of the mother-inlaw into the grave by its own weight, but she insisted un the ropes being sent for and having it let down carefury. Sne went away for a short time, anci when she returned she found-the three coffins had been plaoed in the cart,-and the defendant said to her that he feared he could not bury his: father in the grave, anI therefore he had'taken his mother's remains, and those of his nephew -and niece, and that he in, tended to bury them *ith his father inBaldock churebyardL. The defendant and his father had formerly lived atlditchin,, and were members of the Salem Chapel congregation.-. - I -The witness was cross-examined at considerable length'by' the defendant, and upon a good many 'irrelevant-topicsi. Sne declared that she a I along understood from him that he had come to provide a grave for his fatLher, and that -his object in opening the grave was to see whether there was room in it suficient to contain his father's body. She said she should certainly not have allowed- the grave to- b opened if she had'thought he'had any other intention; andu sthough .she thought the proceeding was very extraordinaryy yet, AS Mfr. Sharpe was a surgeon, she considered that per' haps he was justfied in doing more than other folks. - George Sutton proved that he ssisted to- dig ont the grave nnd reunove the co'dins by the orders of the del Ifondant. In cross-enamination he said that the removal of the bodies was not done at all irreverently or improperly, and that they were taken out of the grave as carefully as possible. The defendant, in answrer to the charge, expressed a desire in the first instance to read the -whole of the letter that had been referred to, in order that the jury might form an opinion AS to his motives. - - - Vr. Justice EBLE said that if his object was to show that he considered he was performing a religious-duty he thought that might be taken foranted, and that it was unnecessary touccupy the time of thejury byieading -.a long letter for tha2 pur,oose. The defendant said that this was- partly his' object, but -there-were other reasons why he considered it advisable that the whole of the letter should be read.L The letter was eventually read by Mr. Streight, the deputy clerk of assize. - It was a long -rambling- epistle, and the defendint appeared by it not only to think that he was performing a religious duty in removin o the remains of his relatives to consecrated ground, but that he. had a legal ight todo so, as the remains were his property, and-he consideredhe had a rit to do as he pleased with them. The defendant then addressed the jury, and he aeclared that when he first had the grave -opened it was with the intention of ascertaining whether there was room in it to receive the body of his father, and that it was only when he found there was not that he formed the determination to remove the remains of his relatives. * -1e - also asserted that all the proceedings were conducted with dab solemnity, and that nothing occufred calculated to give offence to any person. Mr. Justice saRLE,iusumirg up, sid he should express his opinion of the law to be that all burying-grounds, whether belonging to Dissenters.or to members- of the ehurch ofEEngland, were equally under the protection of the law, and that it was an offence to desecrate either. ' He was also of opin'ion, that the conduct of the defendant was unjustifiable, aud if the jury believed the facts to be as stated by 3rs. Woodfeld, they would be justified in iinding him guilty 'upon the present indictment. He at the same time requested the jury to tell him their opinion whether the defendant originally intended to remove the renamains, or whether they believed that he merely intended in the first instance to ascertain whether the grave w,as capableof containing the body of his father. The jury immediately returned a verdict of Guilty, and at the same time said they were unanimously of opinion that the defendant went originally with the intention to remove the bodies, and not to bury his father. His LoRi.nsEP then said he should talke the opinion of the Court of Appeal upon the rule of law he had laid down. and he ordered the defendant to enter into a recognizance of 1001. to appear and receive judgmenit if he should be called upon to do so.
nlvTtT>7TY (TM?TTTM OXFORD. JULY 11. use commissnon for the county of Oxford was opened yesterday morning withlthe msual formalities. Mr. Baron Alderson and Mr. Justice Wightman afterwards attended Divine Service at Cbristchurch, and took their seats in court a little before 2 o'clock, Mr. Justice Wig%tman pre- siding in the Civil Courti and Mr. Baron Alderson in the: Crown Court. The cause list contained an entry of three or four causes, -but none of them were of the least interest except t the parties. The calendar w las ight to in nprecedented degreeo and contained tbe names of only three prisoners. O.ne was convicted of an unnatural offence, the second was-onvicted of several burglaries, and -entenced o four- years' penal servitude, and the third pleaded - "Guilty to an assault.- The latter prisoner was subjedb to epileptic fits, and was going ont one morning to put up the bans for his marriage -with a voung woman similarly afflicted. The mother said sbe had something in her pocket which would keep him it home, uipan which the prisoner took up a brush and threw it at his mother, and struck her on the forehead and made it bleed. The father, in a passion, sent for the police, and the prisoner-was sent to prison, where he bad semained since the mcnmh of March las-. Having pleaded "Guilty," Mr. Baron Alderson. ordered hin. to be discharged, on his entering !nto his own recognizancesto be of good behaviour for three yeArs. (Before Mfr. Baron ALDnisox and a Common Jury.) THE QUEEN V. B1ENSON (CLE}RK). Mr. Skinner and lIr. Davis appeared for the prosecution Mfr. Keating, Q.C., and lMr. Huddleston, for the de. fendant. This was an indiciment which charged the Rev. Richard Meux Benson, perpetnal curate of Cowley, near Oxford, with a felony, in marrying two persons, who were already man ard wife, without the due publication of bans and without license. The indictmenthad been found at the last assizes, but had been rnemoved by certforcarE and now came down to be tried on the civil side of the court. In regalar course it would have been tried before Mr. Justice Wight: - man, but it was understood tbAt that learned judge was in Some way distntly related to the defendant, and on this account, -we believe, it was that the case waa tried by Mr. Baron Alderson. The indictment had been preferred a thec instance of the Government, in consequence of the practice which a portion of the clergy bave recently adopted,. of re: commending their parishioners who had been married under the Dissenters Marriage Act to be remarried according to the rites of the church of England. The t2ial naturally excited considerable interest iii Oxford, and many of the. junior clergy were in court; but, as this is what at Oxford. is called "the long," the number was not so great as mishw have been expected.. -: . When the case was clledX on Ytr. Baron ALDERSON inquired whether Mr.- Bensou uppeared in court? Mr. K1ATne .-He is here, my lord. The rev, gentleman then st-d forward an the floor of thCourt. - Mr. Baron ALDERSON aar, tha as t.e oshncei-tl a felony. the priso2 er must be in court, His Lordship then ordered -.4je yWU*i la of Minkmeanour, to be swer, as th jlse wes aitsAdi-s Isis challenAes. This being doo., the prisone was Afl-.wI so sit withn t-he ba- by the Siae c his jessnd ounsl. Xr. DANs, the junior, emnad for the pr ution, teai read the indictment, which was framed on the g21st eoiiotl of the 4th of George IV., ihap. 7d, and charred that on ihi 3d day of ay, 1855I , the said R -baraile" Bens*1, U Leing a clerk in holy ordes, feloiouly, lknowingly, and wilfully did solemni trimony bteeneoe Richal PinueiUCarey asd ae Sarah Carey, 'ift of- the s.a Richard Pinnell Carey, with Aot due pub tion of lmbaa, and wrihout any lioense of marriage frst hadand obtaincii ion ay person -or persns yg authonrty to grat t e, agounst the form onthe statVte in such case made s,tha thvided, :e d e ainst the pace of our laed b th een t rI we , and dignity. The defendat - bd 'Ustt Guilty" in the court above. :r: Ssi.si8 xstlen aid, the inquiry u:pon wir:icbl ueijor -were shout to enter wa onle of trt imnportance, and th$ te prceen't resecution hbd bceen maitntedbzr the .4ttornq- GerlwiUsxneatoie pnrpoeeaof public juatee, a; ,in'order tha tshe lawiilt be eataliabedosaux subjectso imnortant as that af Atimny Ben1oR , the defendant, had for soume time acted ao peretual curtoif the parish of Cowley, near Oxford, Inthe sameparis thee lived two persons, auned Mfr. and Mr Carey, who 4i the 23d of May, 1852, had been married before the Superatendant-iegiatrar at Oxford. bine-e their marriage they hod ,hA three children, and it would qppear that on t4e birth of the t'ird child Mr. Caey desired. to receive the -consoltions and support of. the church by be3q churched, and applied to Mr. Benson for that pur W_ -Mr. Benson objectd. to perform tatofice, upon the 'roiM that YCrs. Carey's msrmiae hi Dot received tlie saactim of -the church, it. not having been aoamnizaedaina chuieah aned according to the rites of the chuach of Epgland -flHe then advised her to be mnarried agaL,' and, accordiRg , c, the 3d of May, 1855 (re yeas atr the List in lad been solemnized), the- parties wre remarried Benson at Cowley church. This was thie oenC for which he was now on his triaL. On that ocasion Mr. Bsason oh seved Ial the forms andt eremonie presrbed by the ca".& lawandactoiParliament oastoconatitearegularmsrria. according to the lw of thiscountry, exoept that provion 'of the sttute slich'wasintendedto give notorety and pebli. city to the fact. The uarriage took placpublicly in tie bchlrch on the 3d of May, but without the publcatios a.f bans and without license. That was in violaton of the of _Nrliament, the 41h Gcorge }V, chap, ii, which, by t; 2Ut section, enacted thatif "any person shall eolemusio matrimony without dne tblication of biis " and '- without lioense," he shall g uity of "felony" and ib transported for 14 years. averything had been xregularIyr done i this case, exoept that there was no due-publication of bans and no license, so that while heappeared to be acting in confonnity with the canon law and the act of Parliament, he in fact omitted to make a complete eoos.- pliance with the act. The learned. cousel then urged the importance of the bans being properlypublished, inaszu* as it enabled parents, o I, to prevent improyer ma rrae-s, -and how materially the rights of prope - ught be ated bysuchamarriageAsthe defendant had solemnized. Persons-who had been married before the reS'ar,but whose marriage w invalid, might appear to be egaLy married by gettin a rriedby a clergymam without thenotice requirea by the act. It was to prevent such irregulaxrities the prent prosecution was instituted, and the importance of the ea might be estimated from the cirumstance that as many as from 600O000 to. 700,000 couplea had been married under fte Dissenters Marriage Act. Such procredings as. had been adopted by the defendant wvere calculated to throwr donist oa the validity of those marriages, and to create misgivings ~in the m2indsef those wh o previonysad On doubt xi to the soundness of their position. The learned counsel said ke 'wished it tobe understoad that he did not impute to the defendant that he had been actated by any notive that was calculated to degrde him in the est'imation of thoss who heard the case; but still he was charged with doing the act complined of knowily md wilfully. The learned cousel then rd the statenent made by the defendant before the magistr admitting that he ha solemnized the marriage without thepublicationof bans, ko., but alleging that lhe considered that in doing that -he did "hat was required of him as a cierlyma, and tha be hadnot violated the law of the land, andconcluding by statng that he shouldrzeserve his defecee, sal t was mtatte of law and argument. Th. learned counsel said it wal the duty of all to obey the lawr, and that obaigation, lie thoughbt, -rested. more especially upon those who, like the defendarit, ere aociated 'ith ItS execution. It might, perhaps, be saitat the condition of the parties was innoway atered by the-ceremonywhichbad been gonethrough Accordingto that view of the case the na ge aiereidlecereoon It was difficult to understnd how aybody could suppose le did otherwise than desete the churh by appearing to perform an effectual ceremony when he knew that the condition of the parties could not be altered, Ynd that it s mntended to be no more than anidle ccremony. The learned counsel then said that the greateEt evils would resudt from such practices, one of which was that, as the certificate of the last m arriage would be evidense in a cour' of law, tbe children who had boeen previousy born migt besdeclaredto be illegitimte, and so might lose te property which. would. otherwie be secured to them.-, The following witnesses were then examined - John Loe, esamined by M. DAvzs.-I am the parish clerk of Cowley in this county. Mr. Benson is the perpetual curote of thatparish. -I produsethie register of marriages of that ph. There is entiy of miarrage of Richard Pinnell Ceesy with 8arh Carey on the 3d of May. It is in thehandwniting of Mr. Benson.. The entry was made as follows " Richard Pinnell Carey, labourer, Sarah Carey (Polley, married previously at the registra-F'-office." , The woman began to write "Sarah Carey," but signed " Sah Polley." There Were no bas published. I know of nobans. acted as pariah clerk, and haddone so for 30 years.I am not aware of any bans being published, and should have known if any had been publihed. I had bean at churchbevery Sunday for three months. before the 3d of May. To my knowrledge no license was obtained. - I generally write a paper and give it to the minister. The -marriage took place between 8and 9n mthe morzning. Cross-examined by Mr. Xx o. -I do not know whether the name (" Polley), which is in brackets, was added af'terwards. Mr. B Aron DmSox-The name "Pollcy" is in the handwriting of Mr. Benson.. Sarahb Carey, examined by Mr. SFmxi-mt.-In the month of May last year I ws married at Cowley Church, by Mr. Benson, to lichard. Pinnell arey. The parish clerk, Lee, was present. Ihad nol.beenaskedin church. Cross-examined by fr. XG&ma.-I-had been previously married before the registrar on the 23d of 3fay. 18535 ar 1852. (It 'was 1852j It was at Mr. Dohney's oficse i< Oxford. Mr. Benson told me thiat that innvrsge 'w4 perz fectly legal, but that it was a right and proper tg o have the blessing of the church upon our on, and 'it that was the object of reading the service in church ; an& my husband were always members of the churdhot 1 cgland. - By Mr. Baron ALmDXRsOX.-The clergyman began She scruples 1hadno scruples before; only Mr. Benson refused tchurch me. Ilbad had child, and the difflculty was to get me chu-ched. By Mr. t1XAnce-On thatMr. Benson suggested thatc it would be right to read the service before I was churched. By Ir. Baron h LvaasuON-1 had no difficulty about t1he christenlin" of the childi fr. Baron AmamnsoN said, people wrould be wiser than the rubric. The office wee for "the thankagiving of wvomen after childbirth;" and whether a omano smarfied'or not she ought still to give thanks for safe deliverance. Why not stick to the rubric That would be the wisest course. The witness coutinuedL-He (tle defendant) said, '4I must first have the marriage service read in the churcb, and then he would church iue. Richard Pinnell Carey, examined by Mr. Sscr.%z.m-I - lived at Cowley before the mnarriage at the registrar's office. JTohn Thomas Dobney, examined by Mr. SxNZm'r.-The parties were married before me in the usual way. They stated that they lived in the parish of St Thomas at the time they gave the notice. The man gave the notice and signedit. Hosaidbehadlivedin St. Thomas's more than a week. I suspend the notice in my office 21 days. Mr Baron ATmiEsomT-And the ofice is shut all the time (Laughter.) - r. Dobaey said,-It is open to any one -"o comes to the ofrice. The noticeis now sentto the board of guardians There is a fee payable to the registrr. It is ls. Mr. Baron AtnLm'ov.-You don'tb now who the peple are who come? A man might marry his grandmother in that way. lr. Dobney.-They are compelled to declare that tliere is no legal cause wh7 they should not be married. The marriage took place, in the usual way, according to tte act of -larliament. - The defendant's statement, made before the magistrate, and which was referred to by Mr. Skinner in his opeing ,-speech, was bere read. - - This wastne case for the prosecution. MUr. 1EAnv., on the part of the defendant, then sabmnitted that, on the facts proved,, the case did not come within the statute, the 4th of George IV. chan. 76, sec.-2L The object of the statute was to insure publicity and to prevent clandestine marriagms That was its only object. Thefacts did not bring the case within the mischief. The 21st section only referred to marriages between perons capable of contracting marriage. Here it appeared thlat the parties were at the time man and'-wife according to the statute ld w of the rcalm. Xo marriage was in fact solemized, nor did the register purportthatanymarriagewas solemnized. Under the head of "conditione were the words ".Married previously at the register-office." - Mir. Baron ALDERSON.-Supposse tle case of two young ladies foolish enough to marr each other, and a ckergyman foolishenoughto readthe service. (Laughter.) - Mr. 2KEA.TNG.-In this case there was no intention to solemnize marriage. On tIAt point the evidence of MArs. Carey was conclusive. She said she went to be churhed. and the defendant said that, although she had been maried before the registrar and that marriage was legal, it was a right and prper thirg to have the blessing of the church on thatui ion. use learned counsel saidhe ws not comsetentto saywhetherawoman whohadh anillegitimatechild cOulI come to he churched. A portion of the clerf,±, including men of great learning, thought that the words " thy servent," used in the office, referred only to such as owed obedience to the church by being in church fellowship. Mr. Baron ALjE. soy said. they would not discuss _that question. Mr. .mmIGs seid that whether the defendant was right or wrong he had acted innocently, and hia no intention to do anything illegal. - If he had acted wrong in an eclesiastical poin' of view, the bishop iroud see to it. Mr. Baron ALDBSoN said, it might be a question for the ecclesiastical court if a clergynan refused -to church a woman unless she performned the condition imposd. Mr. XEATING contended that the act of Parliaene t which snbiected-thelffender to 14 years transPortation could not have been itend6d to spply to a gntina- who bad no intention of ontrvening t w la.. TIe defeat said, it was matter of church dixciPlin(. whater the. act of Parlieanr nt might say-; -ad, entertaining that view, Mr. Benon had not done anyt2hins which did hlisc my icrdt
-WESTERN C1RrqTmm DEVIZES- Tmv inf 'fhis circuit commenced yesterday, when the commission was opened by Mr. Seijeant Channell, who attends as the representative of Mr. Baron Platt, whose indisposition pre-ventslhis travelling the circuit. Mr. Baron MLartin arrived in the conrse of the evening. The business is estremely light, there being only three causes and nine prisoners, and the crimes with which they are charged are of no very serious character, and this may be imagined from the fact that the whole criminal business of the county was disposed ef in three hounrs and a halif, and the heaviest punishment inficted was sin months' imprisonment.. Mr. Baron M-artin presides in the Crown Court, and Mr. SrJecant Channell sits at XVisi Pries. The first cause tried was WNILE V. 5ZEw Mr. Collier and Mr. Hodges were counsel for the plainliff, and Mr. ML Smith and Mr. BulLar for the defendant. Tne plaintiffs were cattle-dealers, and the plaintiff alleged that he had purchased 150 sheep of the defendant at 2s. a-head, and for the amount of which baagain he had given his check, which had been paid. The defendant said the _eal was at 24s. a-head, and that tWcheck had been given only on account. The plaintiff therefore brought his action to recover the amount he had paid. The cause lasted the whole day. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff (Before Mr. Baron Msatvn.) rowVa-y V. EVANS. Mr. Slade and Mr. Bullar were counsel for the plaintiff. The defendant did not appear, nor was he represented by counsel. The plaintiff was a young woman, the daughter of poor parents, in this county. She had been an assistant m a confectioner's shop, in Liverpool, in which town the de. fendant lived, and was an assistant in a draper's shop there, and the action was brought to recover compensation in damages for the breach of a promise of marriage. The promise was proved by a number of letters which had Ueen written by the defendant to the plaintiff, commencing with " My ever dearest Annie," and stating, after most endearing lanupage, that he intended making the plaintiff lIs wlfe. This continued for many months, the plaintiff I having left Liverpool and returned to her parents, 'where she was deliveredI of a child. The plaintiff wrote -to the defendant stating that she was near her confinement, andI entreatinmg bm to marry her. To this letter the defendant wrote as follos: " Miss Eowney,-l received a letter from you on Tues. dy. You shall have an answer in a day or two. "IYours, .&-c., "D). Evuxs" The father of theplaint te oe to him, and the de. fendant, In answer, sae hti a his candid opinion lie was not the caueo e eigi h ondition in which she w,as; -"IIut, tcuthmaersot, I beg to say that it is not my intentiont s-or orpooa. The learned Bncs nsmigu,tl h uyta if they gave moderaedmgsteewudb hneo the plaintiff's obtana hm hra,i hygv ag sum, very prohbelyshwolneereivafatng The jury gave a veri t frtepanifDmgs 0
NYORTHThR flPcqpTTp YORK Th,i, In aecmiiOn was opened YetrdaY in this city, by Mr. Jus tice Wiln l alkp Barn Bramwell, the learned Judge ~Lpontedto go this circuit. Judesr rashiPs arriLved about 2 o'clock from Lond-Con, and, having attended Divine service at the Cathedral, they abionet ate seno ofd thntidthe cit pisoner s inz cag nthe Gsufldbl aft ober y Shc hish Lordhep sants at with.icat the Castle.d Caste. Mr. Baron B RAwxu.L charged the grand jm t1 O'clcck, and then sat in the Crown Court. The city calendar contains 2 ces, and that of the county about 60. In the latter 3 of the prisoners were charged with murder, 3 with 3ansatighter, 8 with forgery, 12 watlh asault and robbery, 8 with other assaults, S with cutt-ing and wounding, 3 with cattle-stealing, S with bigamy, 6 with burglary, and 1 with damaging machiinery. Tlhe N!orth. and East Ridings cause list only nais yet been pubishd,andcotais n etr of10causes, of which thre ar makedforspecal uris. romwhLat is rurnouied of he thr lst t s nt epetedto onainanentry of smallest cause list ever known at York AsCsiZes. CROWX COURT.-Before Mfr. Baron BRAirvxTM,, Henry Hudson, aged 42, was indicted for luttering a forged kae of En,agland note at Sheffield on the 3d of Ap.ril last, knoswingit tobe forged'. Mr. Hardy and Mr. Bagley prosecuted. The piisoner vat uonndefended. jT$ appeared that on the 3d of April last the pricone.E went to aprovisionshop kept by a Mr. White, in Sheffield where be bcargained for a side of bacon, for which he was to give 2s On pulling out his puarse he said be bad not hiver and gold enough to pay for it, and then tendered whiat apnpeared to ho a 51. Bank of England note in payment, saing thhat n einr. Psasley had, recommended hin to the aiop. Iar. Whaie, on feeing the note, tmhought it not genuine and his ahopman get bold of it and detained the prisoner till a policeman oame. The prisoner then said h hadtaken thesnote in ph ment at Ntottingham. He afterwards changed his story, and said he had taken it at Ieeds, and also at Sheffield, and referred to different people, none of wzhom knew anything about hi-n on inquiry being made. To prove guilty knowsdge it was shofn that he bad attemptedtosphss nmotherforged t. Bank of England note on the 8th of March, at a tobacconist's shop at Sheffield, and, the note being suspected, he endeavoured in vain to get it back, and then succeeed. making his escape. Both notes were produced and proved to be forgeries. This was the case for the presenation. The prisoner, in his defence, attempted to shor that, as to the passntg of the first note, he was not the aan who did it; and as to the second note, he protested he bad takle it in change in purchasint a bag of nuTs. His LosmarS}I baring summed up the evidence with great clearness, The jury found theprisoner Gtpisty. Sentenceewas deferred. Edwin Helleremm, aged c2, was indicted for cutting and wounding T'aomas WsinwYright, a constable, wi th intent to do him some grievoas bodily harm, and to prevent his lawhul apprehensien, at Leeds, on the 25th of April last. hMr. w aule and By. West prosecuted. The prisoner was undefended. It appeared that on the night in quaestion a man was seen with a erowbar attempting to break open a shop near the Isle of Cinders, in Lees, and, on an alarm beinlg given, the prosecutor, Thomas tainwright, a constable on daty, pursued the prisoner and attempted to take hin into custody, when hewas assailed by the Prssoner ithe a short ' jemmy," or crowbar, and struck on thc head so violently that he wasrendered insensible, and the prisoner then escaped. In his escape, however, after the alarm made, he was observed by several witnesses andibyea policeman who dashed his lantern in his face,and these a'itnesses sxore to his identity. He was nest day taken into custody at his own house in the neighboourhood, where be lived ostensibly carrying on the trade of a tailor. The prosecutor was fougnd to have received seven incised and contused wounds onthis head, which had evidently been caused by the short cronbar which was prodaced, and had been confined to his bad for three weeks in consequence of the injurieshe had received. The jury founduthe prisoner Gutity. It was then proved that be was a convicted felon, and had been transported for sevenyears in 1852, andwas at large on aoticket-of-leave. His IORDSnIUP, in passing senltence, said it did not follow that becautse he was unw orthy of the ticket-of-leave which had been tranted to him that therefore the system of Thentinerg wh o t was a bad one. In a is case, hont flonityhpd wioved of no avail He should always markowith the severest punishment assaults upon the police. The commuanity were hound to protect the police in the discharge of their duty, for they protected the community; and unless the police were so protected they could not, nor wads it to h expected that they could, properly dischage the duties imposed upon them. Their persons must he looked upon as sacred from violence. On both grounds he should feel it his duty to pass on the prisoner the severest sentence the lawv allowed, The sentence of the Court was that ho bo transported for life. The prisoner, who was dressed in a s;well-mob style, went from the bar with a broad grin and an sir of defiance. The lTisi Prius Court was occupied all day with trying a right of road case, which was not concluded wYhen the Court adjourned.
NBOR.PNTXR (ThflTTTMP AYLESBURY. JuLY 11. CROWN- CouRT.-(Before Lord Chlief Justice CAMIPBELL) Eli Rowe, aged 20, Richard Garner, aged 19, and William Wyatt, aged 22, were charged with assaulting and wounding John Cawte, on the 29th of May, with intent to resist their lawful apprehension and to do him some grievous bodily harm. Mr. O'Mlley, Q.C., and Mlr. G. L. Browne were counsel for the Crown; *hr. Dasent defended two of the prisoners, and Mr. Henry Mills the third. The prosecutor is the assistant-keeper of William Selby Iowndes, Esq., the Lord of the Manor of Mursley, through which parish the North-Western Railway runs, and was out watching on the night of the 29th of MLay with another keeper, near the railway, when they heard the snap of a percussion cap, folowved by the flight of a hare. The keepers stole along a hedge, and one of themlooldag through it saw Rowe standing on the bank of the railway, and in the act of shooting a rabbit, which, having klled, he put into his pocket. One of the keepers then showed himself and proceeded to arrest the offender, who ran down the ]ne. In the meantime the other keener went round, and met and collared him, whereupon he called out " Mates. mates !" when Garner came up, and, demanding the reason for the capture of Rowe, proceeded to effect his release by force. At this momentthe prosecutor cameup, and a third man, who was identified as the prisoner Wyatt, shortly after joinedthe party, armed with the barrel of agun. As soon as he came up he called upon the keeper to let Rowe go, " or he would knock his brains out," and dealt him a blow on his arm, which had the desired effect. As soon as Rowe got his liberty he clubbed his gun and struck the prosecutor a heavy blow with the butt end on his head. The stock snapped in two from the force used, and the keepers. head was severely cut through his hat, the wound penetrating to the skull, and causing great loss of blood. The poachers then made made offfrom the disabled keepers, whom they threatened with worse treatment if they followed; but, being all identified, they were taken into custody, on the following day, at their respective houses. It further appeared that Wyatt anad Garner both admitted their presence and stated that they never would submit to be taken by inferior numbers, and woulcd always fight to the t when uan to man. I was also proved that M-. Lowndes and his keepers pursued game across and on the line of railway, by Ieave of the engineer, and crossed at all times at their pleasure, the manor of the former embracing within its ambits the locutsin quo. His LonRnsBrn having held on the objection of the learned counsel for the prisoners that the keepers had lawful authority to apprehend the prisoners, as the locus in quo was within the man,or of their employer, and the prisoners were clearly coumitting an offence against the Game Act, The jury found all the prisoners Guilty, and they were thereupon sentenced to imprisonment for the term of 12 months. Fredcrick Blackwell and Harriet his wife, Thomas Lissaman, andWilliam Vernon were charged on several indictments with stealing and receiving sundry articles of clothing, the property of the inhabitants of the county of Buckinbam_ Sr. Power and Mr. H. Mils were counsel for the prosecution in allthe cases; br. Metealfe defended Blackwell and his wife; Mr. G. L. Browne defended Lissaman; and xr. Payne the prisoner Vernon. All the pri7soners in these cases, which may. well be grouped into one report, were up to a recent period engaged as attendants in the Bucks County Lunatic Aslum, in which establishment also served a mannamed Ginger who some time ago quitted and left for London. The two Black-wels left, on the occasion cf their marriage, in May, and, a considerable quantity of property having been missed aboutthat period, some of it was traced through Ginger to Lissaman, who had been chief attendant for three years, while the residue was found in the boxes of the Blackl at their lodgings in London. The COnma JusTICE was of opinion that the cases against Vernon and Mrs. Blackwell fell to the ground, but left the evidence to the jury as to the other prisoners, who were both convicted. As to Lissaman, the sentence was that he should be imprisoned for 18 months, while Blackwell was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Nfei PRus COURT.-(Before Mr. Justice COLIERiGE and a Common Jury.) BELL V. PRICKETr. Mr. O'Malley and Mr. Power appeared for the plaintiffMr. Serjeant Wells and Mr. Keano were counsel for the defendant. This was an action for a breach of warranty that seed sold by the defendant was cloverseed. In the year 1854 the defendant agreed with the plaintiff to sell him 1 cwt. of cloverseed. Instead of lewt. the defendant deliveredf3cwt., which theplaintiff accepted. Hesowed 12 ecres with it,butno clover came; on the contrary, a scant crop of trefoil came up. He again sowed the 12 acres with the seed, and again a scant crop of trefoil came up. The plaintiff at that time had enough of the seed left for eight acres, and he planted with it eight acres of the 12 which had been already planted with a portion of the seed, but still trefoil was the product. When the plaintiff first noticed that clover was not coming up he went to the defendant and requested hnm to go and look at the crop. The defendant neglected to do so, and similarly ha took no notice of other invitations from the plaintiff to the same effect. The plaintif then went to a Mr. Wing, a land surveyor, to whom eventually the matter in dispute was left, on the prowsal of the plaintiff. According to the plaintiff Mnr. Wmg did not make any award. Another arbitrator was proposed, but ultimately not accepted, and at length this action was brought. The answer of the defendant was, that Mr. Wing did make a verbal award against the plainfiff; that cloverseed was delivered; that the seed failed by reason of drought; that though trefoil had come uip it was wild trefoil, which would naturaUy spring up on the failure of the clover, and that the defendant had sold some similar seed in the same year to other persons, who had good clover crops from it. To make out this several witnesses were called, and of them was Mr. Wing, who deposed that he had examined the parties, given his decision,and communicated to the plaintiff and the defendant that he could not find any damages for the plaintiff. Mr. Wing was crbss-examinedastowhether he had not before the arbitration told the plaintiff, after examining the land, that he had suffered damage to the extent of 1001. MCLr. Wing denied this, and was flatly contradicted by the plaintif and his brother. This contradiction, however, was met with the remark that it came from a person who bad caused Mr. Wing to be appointed arbitrator alter, as he pretended, Mr. Wing had aiven an opinion in favour of the person contradicting The-case lasted nearly the whole day. Mr. Justice COI,ERJDGE havingX summed upD, The jury retired to consider their verdict, and, after an absence of two hours, returned a verdict for the defendant on both issues. _ _______ [Advertisement.>"! Revelations of Prison LifMe," by George av Cheterton; 2 vous. "Theeseeolmnes contain an count of the urite,',sobservations and'reflections during the 25 years be fled the office of Goemor of Coldb2th-fields Prison uinternslgled with pictuns f ls riina casss adporrats f hemare rurmarkable dinvwjisuala who cai under his sulpesnntendeufce h fHe furnies de*e tiens the state cf rols and g201ers as they were at thc tune of hW arelatent an fo sus ~sraaftr, erdes discesslag questons coancetedwilh Prison discipline and se ondary pundishents. -The Interest of the book lies in its facts relating to the criminal clmes sad its peaual aetices of mzagistrates saud prison celebrities."-Bseclitor.
POLICE. MiASsON-nousE.-The LORD MAYOR said, upon takIng his seat upon the bench, that he found it necessary to apply to the public, to whom an appeal upon such a subject lad never been made in vain,for assistance totheManaion.hbuse poorbor. The poorbox had been completely drained, in consequence of the undeniable elaims of persons who had been sent to England by consuls abroad for the purpose of being conveyed to their homes, on the ground of having served in various capacities for the services of the country during the war. Numerous cases of urgent distress had recently occurred, and as the Mansiou-house was the place to 'which the distressed objects were Idirected to apply the meansfor relievingotherstrongelaims hadaltogether ceased. Hetrustedthat, under such circumstances, the benevolence, vhich he found it indispensably necessary to invoke, wouldbeautivelyaudiuunediately excercised. }Hi lordship then put into thw hands of Mrr. Gwodmang the chief clerk, 5L.as a subscription to the poorbox. His Lordship concluded by stating that it would give him the greatest plea. sure to acknowledge publicly his receipt of benefaction;, and that care should be taken for the judicious dispcensation of all that. should be subscribed. James Thomias w as charged with having robbed a servant of Messrs. Nicol, of Cornhill, of t.wo coats, between 2 and 3 o'clock in the day, in Queen-street, Cheapside. The prisoner, while the lad was walkig dowa Queenstreet wFith a parcel, in which the coats, value 41. 4s., w,ere tied up, suddenly felt them tulgged from under his arm, saw the prisoner running off w ith the property, follow ed and seized him, and with the aid of an officer secured him. The prisoner said, he was sorry t-hat such a thing had happened, and was committed for triaL GurrmuALr.-CbarlesBessell appeared before Sir I. W. CARDEsN to answer an information, filed by Inqpector Hamilton, of the City Police, charging the defendant with using a room at 9, Fleet-lane, Farringdon-street, for the purpose of betting with persons resorting thereto upon certaiu events and contingencies relating to horse racing. Mr. 0. Pearson, the City Solicitor, prosecuted on behalf of the Corporation of London. On the information being read, The defendant pleaded guilty, and threvw himself upon thle mercy of the Court, urging, in ex;tenuation, that ho had discontinued betting as soon as he heard it was objected to. He hae' given it up about a month. Sir IL WV. CAacnsx interrogated the constable as to the manner in w hich the defendent conducted his business, and elicited from him that the betting-room was on the ground floor without any attempt at secresy, and that the bets made were never less than 10s. I Sir IL W. CABDN inquired what the defendant's usual !occupation was? The defendant said, he was a licensed victualler out of business, and he had been out of business about two years. Sir H. W. CARDEN asked if, during those trio years, he had got his living by betting on horse-racing ? The defendant said, No; he had only recently taken to betting. Sir ItL W. CARDE said, as a licensed victualler, the defendant must have been aware he was transgressiug and defying the law, which aimed at suppressing an immense evil. The defendant said, he did not think he was breaking the law, for he did not take a house or a room for the purpose of making bets. He was merely betting as the agent for another party, and, not being either the landlord or the occupier, he thought the act of Parliament uder which these proceedings were taken did not apply to him. He only visited the room occasionally, and other persons did the same. Sir R. W. CARDBEN said, the defendant musthave known he was committing the very act which the law was intended to prevent. The police-onstable said, the defendant issuedcards bearing bis name upon them, and the address at the room in question. Sir H. WV. CARDB wiaid, it appeared that the defendant bad recently taken up the trade of betting, and as he had pleaded " Guilty," and had thrown himself upon the mercy of the Court, he would mitigate the penalty. For, the protection of the public the law must be enforced, and he, therefore, fined the defendant 51., which was ultimately paid. Joaouim Sevilla, a Spaniard, was brought up for re-examinaiion before Sir (X. CARROLL, charged with forging certain securities purporting to be issued by the Peruvian Government, as bonds for the payment of the internal debt, and also as certificates of the Liquidation Commissioners for compensating persons whose slaves had beenmanumitted by the Sitate. Mr. Bodkin appeared to prosecute on behalf of tho Peravian Government. The Peravian 21inistsr, Mr. Kendal, the Peruvian Consul, and Captain Roulth, a member of the Peravian Bondholders Committee, were also in attendance, the former to prove the signatures were forgeries, and the latter to watch the proceeilngs on behalf of the committee ho represented. Mr. Bodlri said, he proposed to show that the documents which had been fabricated in England were such as were actually in circulation in Peru, and that the signatures affixed to the forms under the prisoner's directions were forge,ries. Thoevidenee of the witness Deutscb, the lithop,raphio printer, who was employed by the prisoner to add tie signatures to the forged documents, was then read over for the purpose of numbering the different papers put in as evidence, and which wore all in the Spanih language, in order that translations might be made of them and arranged so as to ho appended to the depositions in the same order in whlich the prisonergavethemtofleutsch This occupied considerable time, after which the further hearing of the case was adjourned for a week. The prisoner applied that something might be done for theprotectionof aPernvian youth he had brought with him to Europe for education. The Peruvian Minister said, be mielt make his mind perfectl easy with regard to the lad, who, having nothing to do with the prisoner's offence, would be properly taken care of. The prisoner then said he 'wished for the assistance of a legal adn ; but ho was entirely without the means to provide himself with a solicitor unless the Court ordered the monov found upon him to be given up. Sir G. C,wsoinL5mquired how much money was taken from the urisonor? Mr. Bodkin said, heundersteodtherewasasmuchash41., and, as there was some reason to believe the prisoner had obtained it by unlawful means, he should oppose the application as regarded the whole sum, bat'he would not object to a portion of it being given up to tho prisoner for the purposes of his defence. The Peruvian Minister said, the prisoner was charged with a criminal act in England, and tho Peruvian Governmenticould not interfere in the matter; he, however, assured the prisoner that every assistance consistent with the circumstances of the case would be afforded him in preparing his defence. Sir G. CAsRorL then ordered the officer to give 141. to the prisoner out of the money taken from him. MAxLvoRoUGIer-sTsEr.-A lad, apparently about 19 or 20 years of age, in ragged and otherwise deplorable condition, came into court to state that he had just come out of Coldbath-fields Prison, and that, having been told by the committing magistrate to come to him after the expiration of his sentence and he should have some assistance from the poor-box, he was there to receive the magistrate's bounty. The lad -was committed by Mr. Bingham, wLo is at present out of town, and who is. accustomed, whenever he thinks the case a deserving one, to give permission to offenders to call at the court to receive some temporary assistance. Mr. Bsrxnos knew nothing whatever of the case, and must have some p roof that the lads story was correct before he could do anything for hiMm. Welsh, the gaoler, said, it was usual for the magistrate to give some intimation to Lima of those who were to call after their term of imprisomment ended, and, in order that he might know persons again who had received this permission, he gave them a card, which they were to bring with them. Mr. BEADOR said, the applicant must apply to the parish. Applicant.-The parish will do nothfing-its of no use going there. . BEADox.-We cannot do anything for you here. Applicant.-The other magistrate told me to come. For God'ssakeonlytell3mewhatI amtodo. Iwas turnedout of the rison this morning without a farthing to get a meal's victuals with ora bed. It is of no use asking for work in these rags and without shoes to my feet. rm willing to do any mortal thing, but who will employ a lad that's been in p risen and whose character is gone. (Here the poor lad burst into ters.) MIr. Bavox.-Thc parish is the proper place to apply Applicant.-The parish will do nothing for me, so they told me when I was sent to prison the first Me for stealing half a pig's face. The second time I went to prison was for stealing a bit of meat. There is nothing left for me but to go and steal again, and when I leave the court you'll have me hack by to-morrow, for I can't die in the streets. The lad, whose name in Thomas Brown, then left the court. WsEsvsTsn.-Mfrs. Emma Stevenson, the wife of a builder, living at 14, Glocester-terrace, Kensington. finaUy appeared before the magistrate, charged with wilful and corrupt prjury M.Bre,prsctd r Mr.-Sreigh, instructed by Mr. Barber, prosecuted; Mr. Vaughan defended. The circumstances are briefly these :-llrs. Sarah Palmer, a wealthy old ladz. oceupied apartments in the house of MEr. Stevenson in 154, in the A ugust of which she was robbed of property, value 40?., consisting of old china and other artecles, whichs had been dsposited. in a store-room. Early in the following year Mrs. Palmer left the apartments, which were subsequently tobe let, when Mrs.Palmersdaugh. ter, with a desire to ascertain wUhether any of her mother's missing property could be discovered, wentto the house and req:ested to be shown them. fib then saw some trifling artsc.es which her mother had lost, aind went again, with a policeman, and gave Mr. and Mrs. Stevenson into custody. They underwent; twvo or three examinations at the Ham. mermith Police Court, and were then discharged by Mr. Dayman. An action was brought by Mr. and Mrs. Steven. son against Mrs. Pamer for false imprisonment, and tried in the Court of Queen's Bench, before Lord Chief Justice Campbell, on the 19th ult., when Mrs. Stevenson yave evidence, and swore that 'the articles, consisting of tYe china cups, a smaU1footman, eehe shells, and other little things were found by her, after Mrs. Palmer had left the hoLse, in the back parlour cupboard. After hearing conSisting testimony the jury gave the plaintiffs 10. damages. The assignment of perjur consisted in Mrs. Stevenson having sworn that tho things were left in the cupboard, and additional testimony was produced to show that they were not, Mr. Vaughan, on the part of the defendant, declaring that he could call a -witness to prove that they were. Two sets of curtains 'were alao mentioned as belonging to Mrs. Palmer, but it had been previoulsly proved that there was a mistake in their identity.. Mrs. Palmner and her daughter, however, Etill most positively declared that they were part of the milseig property found at.Mra. Stevenson's. Some t-rifingadditiouisms-agiD been mnade t o hec testimony' Fbefore given, the voluminousdpstosweera vr and deoiinweerdov- Mfr. PA'YrERn inonired whether the accusedi -'wished to sa nthing to the iharge? .- Mrs. Steveuson replied, tha't all she had Etated at westsninster-hall in this case was true, and t-he present- proceed. mr was cruel and vindictive. Tho acoused 'was fully committed for trial, and held to bail to appear at the Central Criminal. Court. WoRs5fi'-sT.~tBET.-Lieutenant-ColoneI Edward Stracey, of the Scots Fusileer Guards, was charged on a slummons 'withi assaulting John Matthews. a cub dri-ver employod at .the Shoreditch terminus of the Eastern Counties Railway. Mfr. Heritage, for the cabman, stated, that on Thursday, the .3d inst., the defendant returzied froma the country by the railway, sad engagedl two cabs, one for himself and a lady, and the other for two of his mnen servants andluggage. The luggage was thought to be excessive by his client, as, independently of some of it being placed inside the vhce there 'was also between 3cwt. and 4cwt. outside, whih'a quite sufficient to justify the driver in stiuangfrsm extra remnuneration. It 'was this lu%'g hc gv iet the assault complained of, and he shouldpoetath complainant*'as so weUllkown on therawycopns stand as one of the moat civil andl inofrensvemntreha 'when unprotected lady passengers requiredt ecridh 'was qenerally selected for the purpose. The assault had been inquLired into by theb railway officers, who felt strongIly that it 'was unwarrantable, and had therefore determined on having the case brought before the magistrate. Matthaews, the driver, then s;;Id,-At a quarter before 9 on the evening of the 3d a railway porter brought to my. cab a quatity of luggage, one of the trunks of 'which was lke ap plte-chest,and weighed aboutlV.cwt. I spoke to the defendant about the extra 'weight, and-he said, "1The chest you speak of only contains a single set of harness, two r:iding bridles, and a side saddle." I said, "I have been brouaght up in a stable all my life, Sir, and know the weight of such articles, and I think- there must be something maore than that in the chest; it feels to me likce a plate-chest."1 He replied, "1You had better call mne a liar." I raid, "1No, Sir, I should be sorry to dothat," sad he instantly struck me a violent blow on the face, knocked me down, and blacked one of miy eyes. I afterwards drove him and the lady to NWim. pole-street, 'where ha paid me my fare, and said, "I am sorry I truckyou, but Iwas irritated, and Isuppose 2s. wil pay you " I replied, "I beg pardon, Sir, hut would that satisfy you for a similar blow ?' He on that went in and sla-nuned the door, but before he did so I ask-ed him for his card, saying that he had my number. Thomas.Merton,-I saw the luggage placed on the cabD of the complainant 'who saidl thereha better be some I'l ~aythe fre. The choldbma sai ry, "Th fso, hasnothin tIow eo with this, Sintr." ceftenda'trpid. a h fare;h therebsaotige in the beox caoun gapea ofcbut hasnes, atond on h compainsantiosaying heougdhtat tere mutwere three defendant thol himshe otheadbete call him as h ligar.Te cabl. man answere that hefedn shoud,be-orr toe dors iso,ande thea coealoaneloyediatelyvknoce him down,g eamnedmd a svegecn onraccuntgo the teranacionu, and dhepoe thattee wereian tree peatedIy contradicted me about the ountents of one of the packages, and ask-ed for some arrangement. I told him that Isghuid go by the act, and that if he objected to carry the lggag he-was perfectly at liberty to refuse to do so. I mnoreover offered to show himn the contents of the box he objected to, buthe said, "No, I don't want to seeit; lI kow it contains plate ;" andL on my saying that, if so, one of us must be a liar, he inistantly rejoinedi that I 'was one. Magistrate.-And did you then strik-e him? Defendant.-Oh, yes, certainly; I hit him straightfor'ward in a moment. I expressed my ertatewrs u I really felt greatly annoyed at my wr en opria clously disputed, and think- I receivedveygatpoctin Thomas otter, the defendant's vlt eoe oted pute, and that the complainant, inadiontcnrdcig the colonel three times about the contents of the box',tl him that he was a liar "plump to his face," and the colonel immediately struck him. Mfr. Heritage offered to call witnesses to the character of his client, but the magistrate did not think- that 'was material, and declined to hear them. It 'was perhaps a fact that the driver did not, as he said, use the offensive expression referred to, hut he had so disputed the defendant's -word as to mak-eitindirec,tly almost amount.to the same thin. The defendant had no right to strike the man, Lowever, 'whtenh couldl obtain his remedy otherwise, and ha -wouldI therefore suggest that they should retire, as the driver -was manifestly entitled to some compensation. This course was adopt-ed, but without a satisfactory result, and boh sdesbeig willing to abide by the dlecision of the benchthemagitrat fined the defendant 20s. for the assaltad O o costs~, which the colonel immediately paid. SouflswAIacK-George Hennessy (an elderly man,' James Ashton, Dauiel Macarthy, and Timothy Hlagan, ablebodied young fellows, well known as lurking about publichouses and low beerhouses, 'were brought before'-Mr. Coirn, charged with stealing a purse, containing nine sovereigns, some siver, a half-franc piece, two Russian copper comns, and a metal ring, fromtheperson of ThomasTyler, a private soldier belonging to the Grenadier Guards, just returned from the Crimea, under the following ciroumstances AMr. Solomon defended the prisoners The prosecutor, a 'well-built and stern'lookingyoungmma, 'who was much sunburnt, and appeared to have suffered mnuch from the hardship and privtions he had under-gone in the trenches and the battlefil of LInkermann, a mecW for 'which. he wore on his breast, stated, with much intelligence, that 'within the last fortnight he had returned with his regiment from the Crimea, and on Wednesdlay last he hadl the honourT of passing in review before Her Majesty, 'when they received the thanks of the Queen and the peopie. On Thursday afternoon he received liberty for a few hours, and proceeded from Wellington Barracks to look abeut him, having been absent from Tiome two years, In passing the Windmill, in the New-cuLt, he felt thirsty, aud went in and called for a pint of porter. At the tsme he saw Ashton and Hagan there, and they came up to him and seemed pleasedl at his being homefromithe war.Witness waS also pleased, and tharnked them for the complimnent, at the same timne treating them 'with some beer. TEhat 'was about 5 o'clock. They remained there conversing a short time, and left the house together. Ashton and Ragan aslked him to enter the Cathedral beerhouse, King-street, andbelievingthey were honest and hard woriing Englishmen, he con.- sented, 'when Hennessy and Macarthy came in, and joined them in conversatson about the Crimea. He treated all of them with some more beer, and pulled his purse out to pay for it. While he was slipping the ring to get out the money the prisoner Hagan snatched his purse from his hand, and passed it to Macarthy. Witness attempted to get hold of the latter, hut Ashton caught hold of lets ar-ms, 'while Hennessypushed him down on the seat, so that Hagan and Macarthy 'were able to runm way. As soon as he succeeded in getting away from them, he called in a constable, and gave Hennessy and Ashton into custody, fLulY 'bel.ievn that thoy-were connected with the robbery. After. wadste other prisoners were appTrehended, and 4on Macart'hy 'were found a frank piece and two Russian coins, similar to those stolen from hi m. Witnes -was perfectly sober, and the only reason of his treating thema was that he believed they -were honest Englislunen, and ha 'was gla at the reception the Guards had m~et with t-he day before. However, they were a disgrace to their country. Ste phen Booth, Police-constable 196, said, that about 5 o'clock on Thursday afternoon he saw the soldier in the lower-miarsh, Lambeth, followedl by the four prisoners, After that he saw them all in the Cat-hedral beershop in Kinp-treet, Cornwall-road. About 6 o'clock, witness was assaig the latter house when he saw Macarty run out, 0oed by Hagan, and they went in different directions, He Was called in by the solaier, who gave Ashton and Henmessy into his cust-ody for being concerned in robbing him. William Weston, 65 L, said he received information of the robbery, and'went in search of the otlier prisoners, 'whom he apprehended in the neighbourhood of Granoy-street, WVaterloo-road, On searching Macarthy he found on him several half-crowns, a franc piece, two Russian copper coins, and a ring made of bell metal from Sebastopol. Macarthy said, his uncle, a soldier, gave it him at Aldershott a few days ao, and the copper coins he received from one of the Guards. The roseutorsaidtha theringwasot Ids, hut it evidenlybe onedto neof heGurds wo would not like to part with it.~ ~~~~~th
MR. DUNN'S CASE. TO TE: EDIT1OR OE TE3 TI.MES Sir,-Will you allow me to correct a mistake in your otherwi3e accurato report of mny evidenco in Mr. Dunn's case yesterday? I am reported to have said, " The Princess had written to him, and had put a heart in the corner of the letter, with the name 'Mary' written on the heart." It should have been " Mr. Dunn 'wrote to the Princess,`& c. I am. Sir. vonr nhdilent --* ATLE.X- T. J. ATYWRT. A N t, KlCftMOnd-terXce, Whitehall, July11.
[Advertisement.]-." Evelyn Marston," by the author of "EmiliaWyndham," 2 0ols, just publbhed. "Iltis always a ourc of satisfaction to peraIsO those workami which talent is pre-eminently dLg. played, but when the object is of a high and noble isaturo the interest is increased tenfold. To influence in tho right direction, End to incite or inspire to the sre and the good, is an achievement not always attaindby te hig cItntellect or the brightest imagination. The combination of the wvil and the power is3a rare as it is excellcat. and It is this union. which hss created so universal a respect, while it haEs called forth unbounded admiration for the previout productionsby the author of 'Evel)nlMaxton.' Farfromdeterioratingin the present instance shebaseimproved. 'Evelyn Marston' ii certau of suocess, fromit; brilliant style andeffective combinatione, its depth of feeling and intense interest, while, from tho purity of its purpose, its high principles, noble language, sadhereicepcit, it has achieved the crown.ing glory of having deserved it." Sn urst and Blackett, publishers. .. Advertisemet.-Day and Son's GaUery of Fac-inlIe getings, by eminent living lIaster-s,Encouraged by the psrobation accorded to the many imitation drawints lately published, ed feelag that the process is capable of far higher results, Measr Day and Son, lithographers to the Queen, desirous of carrStig the chromc. lithograpic art to its utmost limits, havo resolved apon iE3sin, from time to time, perfect fac-similes of well seected exanmples of the best living 3nasters It is intended that the chromo-lithogrsphic 'csimilesh tall be of a size,; an Possessed of power of cO;hur siitable foeframing as pictures usually are framed. and from the reat cre, labour and expenEethatwill beincurred in theproduction of each examp'le, the resemblance to the originals will, Li the most minute particalars. be so perfect as to deceive, not asloe the iuinitiated eye, tut thoee of the amateur and the artist. Thus, then. Sllovert of " art in its own colours wrill, at a emal cost, bh enabledeto hang upon their wIE (and gradually form pictur,e galleries) countecraria of works ihat have cost sums v=eiing from 1O to lIDOO guineas. The following paintines are now reay:-Louis Haghe. " The Happy Trio, size, 21 X 2G on a meaZnt. 30 + 37; price, £3 3s, or. proofs, £6 6s.-. W. V. ibith, RI.A., Dolly Varden, oval size, 12* X 141: on a mount1 22 X SO0 price, ;6 is,, or proofs, e22s.-J. Sant, 'Ia oval sze, 16. X 1 on A nunt, 22 X 30; price,m£t Xi , o poofs. £2 2s. The followring among othes ares preparin :- F.l aon2 e, jLIt A.* The RuoggedPi.thie " size, l9S -F 33i; on a mLount, 27 XIS6: lirice, i2 Is., or proofs, £4 ir.-Leeis kfaghe,io aTn drainig xiintea for the Queen. anud }ler blaiesty'a property, *'The Conhraiein of herHloyal Iliiness the Priscess f.lt, sire, 12X 18; on a rmount, 22XSO* price. LIla., orproof, £52s Thewbholeof theoaboveenb, jet rendered sai Sacsimile by )k al tiEdOn., Day 3Dd Son, Jithograpbegtogeea, d. GateetXLncoln's-innlElddc
MILITABYAND NAVAL INTLLIGaRYO. Prince -Oscar of Sweden will visit Woolwich Arsenal today. A guard of hlonor, compced of the Royal Marines, will be in attendance inthe Dial.square-at half-past 10 am. General Williams wll arrive at Wooiwich so asto be in tendance in his official capacity of Commandant of the garrison. .An order has been circulated throughout the different departments of the Arxenal, announcing that theholyday granted for this day is to be postponed until Saturday next, thel9th inst. The authorities at the Horse Guards having issued regulations that the whole of the recruits and young soldiers boh longing to the depdts at the provisional battalion, Chatham, shall receive a regular course of school instraction imumediately on joining their depOts at Chatham garrison, four normal schoolmasters, from tho Military Training College at Chelsea, have been appointed to Chatham Barracks, for the purpose of superintending the instruction of the troops at that station; Captain Barnett's 8th company of the 4th battalion o° Royal Artillery proceeded from Woolwlicl on Thursday for Pembroke. The company consisted of the ordinary number of _l6 non-commissioned officers and gumers, and I bugler. Major ulhanes 5th company 4th battalion of Royal Artillery embarked yesterday for Dublin. On Thursday the Andes screw-transport, 1,400 tons, Captain IV. F. M!Arthur, steamed into Ringdtow harbour, having on board the 2d Battalion of the Grenadier Guards which had been replaced in London by other portions of the Guards that had arrived from the Crimea, and -which embarked on board the Andes at Liverpool at 6 dclock on that morning. The arrival of the transport had been a matter of expectation, and she was escorted into the harbour by several yachts that had previously been cruising in thebay. Sheimmediatelyhauledalongside thewharf, and the troops were disembarbed under the superintendence of Colonel Doyle, Lieutenant Tully, and Lieutenant Hutchinson, the harbour-master, and in the presence of a numerous crowd of spectators, attracted partly by that prestige of the Crimean warfare which attaches to the Guards in comTron with the other regiments who served before Sebastopol, and patly by curiority to see those Zistmguished troops wvho have been strangers to Ireland for upwards of 20 years. The regiment was conveyed to Dublin and proceeded to the Royal Barracks. Ier Majesty's steam despatch gunvessel Surprise. Commander Vernon, and Driver,. 6, steam-sloop, Comnmander Chambers, returned to Spithead from Portsmouth harbour on Thursday night. The Orpheus and Onward transports, whose arrival we announced yesterday, have left Spithead for the eastward to unload. The Prince Arthur steam-transportwent into Portsmouth harbour yesterday morning to land the 34th Foot. The KingPhilip and Wanderer also went into harbour the previous evening and landedtheir troops. Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour, E.C.B., Commanderin-Chief at PorLsmouth, returned and re-hoisted his flag on Thursday evening. Her Majesty's ship Agamemnon, 91, Captain J. J. Stopford, will be paid off this day at Portsmouth. The commander and officers of the Swedish corvette El lida have been hospitably entertained by the Port Admirar AdmiralSuperintendent, andLieutenant-Governorof Portsmouth during the week-, and they have been shown everything of interest in the port and garrison during the time they have been in the roadatead. Mr. Scamp, C.1., the deputy-director of AdmiraltyWorkls, has been at Portsmouth for some days past to set out the site approved by the Admiralty for haulnag up slipways, witheommnunicating slipsfor thegun andmortarboatflotilia. It has been determined that the establishment shall be permanent, and orders have therefore been given bo commence immediately the erection of a boundary wall, 'with a police-station, entrance gates, &c. The tender of Messrs. Rigby, of London and Woolwich, for the formation of longitudinal and transverse slipways and slips for each pair of vessels has been accepted. By-the means proposed to be adopted vessels will be removed on cradles at any high water, and even at neap tides. So urgent is the necessity for this work that the contractors have agreed that the slips shall be ready for occupation in three montas. The site is on the Gosport or Haslar shore. It is proposed that each pair of gunboats should be covered with a simple and light iron roof, resting on iron standards. Mr. 2Lacdonald has been appointed to superintend the worlk on the part of the. Government, and Mr. Aslatt on the part of the contractors. The Board of Admiraltylhave also accepted The tender of Messrs. King and Son, of Portsea, for the erection of three addition pavilions in the Royal Marine ight Infantry Barracks at Forton, Gosport, capable of berthing400 additional men. This work is to be completed in seven months, and is placed under the immediate superintendence of Mr. C. W. B. Pines, C.B., Clerk of Admiralty Works at Gosport. Thesloop Philomel, 8, Commander John D. Sl'ene, from the West Coast of Africa, arrived at Plymouth on Wednesday, and, having disembarked her powder, was ordered into Hamoaze yesterday to be paid oli: The screw steamship St. Jean daAcre, 101, Captain the Hon. Henry Keppel, at Devonport, has carried away part of her false keelforward. The shipwrights are worldng extra hours to expedite her repairs, The sloop AtalaAta, 16,Commander Thomas ML S. Pasley, was warpced to her sailing moorings at Devonport on Wednesday, and is appointed to go into Plymouth Sound this day. The screw mortar-ship Forth, 12, Captain Lord John Hay, was to commence another experimental cruise in the Channel yesterday. The paddlewheel steam-slcop. Buzzard, 6, Commander W. H. Dobbie, is ordered to be paid off at Devonport on 'Taesday. The Amethyst, 26, and.the sloop Camilla, 16, at Devonport, are ordered to be put in commission. The sailing-transport Eveline, with detachments for the Cape of Good Hope, left Plymouth on Wednesday evening. Her Majestys steamer Gorgon sailed yesterdav from the Mersey for Portsmouth with the new screw gunboats Gnat and Garland; and thesteamer Salamander arrived from Plymouth for the only remaining gunboats at that port, the Kestrel and Clown. The freightship Winifred, in theLondon DocLks is about to sail for Sydney with a cargo of gun-carriages, platforms, hand carts, a number of brass howitzers, and other ordnance stores from Woolwich. The sailing transport 1.onarchy, from the East, in addition to her enumerated cargo, has landed at Woslwich Arsenal ,650 bales of unemployed sandbags, each bale containing 125. The sailing transport Arabia, No. 83, was yesterday morning hauled alongside Woolwich-pier, and landeda 1jor Pennycuick, Lieutenant Broughton, Mr. Woodcward, assisthnt-surgeon, and 120 gunners and drivers of the Royal Artillery, from the EAst. The Arabia was 53 days out. The cantonment is occupied by 12 companies of the Royal Artillery from the Crimea, including the smal arms brigade and the batterles. Some of these are increased com. panies, comprising 240 men, so that the encampmont contains between 2,000 and 3,000 men. On Thursday morning His Prussian Majesty's steam corvette Danzig, 12, Captain Commander Prince Wiliam of Hesse, arnived at Falmouth vith the Lord HBih Admiral of Prussia cn board. There are now four Prussian meon-owar at anchor there.. Orders have been received at the docL-yard at Pembroke to expedite the building of the Doris and Diadem, 32-gun frigates, and forthis purpose a large body of men have been placed upon them. The battery at the west side of the dookyard is nowcompleted, and mounts 21 guns of heavy calibre, complety commanding the approach by water to the dockyard. The ammunition is stored in theAndromache floating powder ship, some disance down the harbour. The iron screw steam storeship Industry was docLed yesterday at Woolwichfor xepairs. The following appointmentswere made yesterday at the Admiralty :-J. E. N. Graham, midshipman, to the Ata. 1anta; W. M. Power, midshipman, to the Salamander ; D. A. Stanley, midshipman, totheSalamander; W. J. Riding, acting-assistant-surge-on, to the Otter; James Wyse, actingassistant-surgeon, to the Ajax; T. F. Edgworth, actingassistant,surgeon, to the Seahorse; J.J. FMiIi,, acting-assistant-surgeon, to the Amethyst; H. W. V. Wamrington, paymaster, to the Amethyst. The work of disembodying the Scotch Mlitia has been going on for the last three weeks, and is now all but completed. On Thursday the 1st Lcnarkshire were disbanded at Ra6milton, the P:ince of Waies Renfrewahire Militia ab Paisley, and the Ayrshire Rifles at Ayr. Tho only active service in which the Scotch Militia regiments were engaged was that of preserving the peace during the recent great mniners' strike, when 40,000 men were idle, and disaffected; but several of thefse corps volunteered forforeign service, although their offers were not awepte(. The strength of theist IA rkshire at the disembodiment was 700 men, but it has given 397 men to the Line. The strength of the Ay. Eegiment is 400, and it has given 195 volunteers to the line. The Renfrewsbi Reghmesnt has given about 300 men to the Line. The lancashire Rilae, which have grrisonod Glasgow for the lat twelvemonti;;; have left for Lverpool, where they will be disbanded. They have been eplaceby companies of the 72d Riegmeat, In the mentime the Rtenfrewshire litia have been replaced at Paisley by a detachment of the 42d Regiment. 240 soldiers of the South Mayo Militia, -stationed at the Curragh, were disbanded on Thursday with their o consent, They were all paid to the -eof their discharge.
OPPRESSED COD,DITIoZ op mzWuHz A I DRxCS3SM-Lf"S ASSISTAR . E Last night a publiemeetin& convened b b ihe Early C Associaticn, andlargely atended, was lheld in Exetera-L for the purpose of atacting public atention to the opi pressed condition of the milliners' and dresake& amia tants in the metropolis, in the lope of procuriug, throug the force and intervention of an elightened public opinios' rather than bylegisition, .a abridgment of the protcjrae andex'haustinglabourstOwhichas- clas they have .cim been subject, and from -which hundreds of them have expc rienced great physical suffering fro time to time, ad nAo a few have sickened and prematurely died. Lord BAWmk Grosvenor, XP., occupied the chair, and the 4Arl cC Shaftesbury, the Bishop of Oxford, Wr. S. C Hall, Mr, -R. D. Graiuger, Mr. Lilall, and several clergyuen anj Dissenting miniers 'were among -he gentlemen ox th¢ platform.. A considerable proportion of the audieuooe wer women. The CmuAnuut, in a brief opening speech, said he haX been asked, since he bad accepted the invitation to preside at the meeting, why he interfered-with the business of other people. Ie 'was readyLto admit that that 'was a questioi which migaht be fairly put, and he was ready to answer it.' A gnevance was brought before them, for 'which it was desirable to find a remedy, and he looked around sin1 saw -where it was to be found. He fobund that the Early Closing Association had eisted some 12 or 14 years, and. was, when first estabished. but feebly supported, and for a while regarded with great suspicion by most of the employers of labour in the metropolis. But what was the case now? Not only was that society no longer regarded with aversion by the great employers o£ labour, butit had accomplished objects which, in the first instance, its most sanguine members had not dared to an. ticipate. By adopting its suggestions many of the great firms in London had not only been benefited in a trading point of vievr, but hadnowintheir employ ahappy and contented class of operativesandassstants. (Esar.) Where thcy were previonsly accustomed to see little but dissatisfaction; lassitude, ill-health, and disease, they now saw nmong those in their service none but smiling, healthy, and happy faces and tnat hadbeen accomplished by bringing public opini to bear upon questions of thislind, (Cheers.) It had been done, not by attacking people personally, but by assailing a. vicious system, which had gone far to paralyze the physical aud mental energies of ihe great body of the 'orking and trading classes; and he desired to get public opinion to bear upon the gpestion of mi'liner& and dressmakers. (Cheers.) Xe said it was his businesandthe business of every one who had time, opportnimty. station, or influence at his colmeand, to come pubicly for. ward onxthat occasion, and assist in concentratingpublia opinion on the case of that unfortunate class. ¢e submitted, also, that none were more deeply interested in this question than the women of the metropolis (hear, hear), ancl he was glad to see so many of them present; forit was only by interestingthe sympathies of the women of this countryand especially the higher of classes of them, that they 'who 'were seeking to ameliorate the condition of the 'unappy clients whose case he was. now pleading could hope to be successful, and eventually to prevailL He thought, by the way, that the secretay had done wrong if inviting him to preside over the present meeting. That gentleman 'would have donemore wisely if he had askedLady iobert, and notlordRobert Grosvenor; to take the chair orm this occasion (laughter); and he kmew nothing that would have sounded better or looked more gracefully in the news. papers next morning than the mnouncement that the: Countess of Shaftesbury had mnoved the first resolution, (Renewed cheers and laughter.) Xe would only furthe6say that his earnest hope was that this might prove the commencement of a new era in the mode of conducting the business of milliners and dressmakers, for there 'was something shocking in the thought that the manufac. ture of that which was intended to beantify and ornament the fairest part of the creation should be so pain. fully detrimental to the health and general happinesg of woman herself, and that it should be conducted in a manner deserving only of the highest public reprobation. (Cheers.) Lord SsHasSrBruRy moved a resolution to the effect that it was a painful consideration that, notwithstanding all the appeals that had been madeto the customers as wellas to theprincipals of houses, young persons employed asmil. liners and dressmakers continae im a state of oppressiore disgraceful to a civiiized community. He said he came forw;ard on this occasion to speak in behalf of a class of persons who were among the most helpless, as they wers among the most enslaved and oppressed. Xe and those with 'whom he acted, hoped to make this not a singe1 transient effort, but an appeal like those made for the support of other great societies'vhich came forward for theprevention of cruelty and the suppressionof slavery., (Eear, hear.) He would remind them that in 142 a Par. isamentary committee investigated the condition of the milliners and dressmakers, an in the report which that committee- made in the following year it 'was statedr that the young women employed in that business were divided into two classes, 'the indoor and outdoor worlkers, of whom the latter were by far the greater sufferers; that thei number of these yonng persons in the metropolis amounte to about 15,000; that they were usually, at the age of 14, put to the business as apprentices for two years; and that at 16 or 17 they entered on 'what was callsec the completion of their education, 'when they were subjectecl to an amount of labour 'which at that critical period"of life they 'were ill-calculated to sustain. It was provecl that they were exposed to intolerable toi, and in many instances lved on food insufficient in quantity and most defective in quality. They were frequently for 1S or 1g 'hours out of the 24 compelled to 'work without intermission, except for a hasty meal, and often in roomsr where, from defective ventilation, the atmosphere was impure and depressing in the last degree. NVow, unless something was done to prevent it, the case of this nfortunate class 'would in all prooability revert to the con. dition in 'which it 'was in 1S42 and preceding years, ancl matters would become ten times worse than they ever were before. Sir James Claxrk, Her Majesty's 1hysiciau, ha!d publiEclystated thatthemode of life of those poor girls was such that no constitution could long bear its and one more calculatedto destroy humuan life could not well be conceived. Dr. hmilton Rowe and Dr. Hodgldin had given similar evidence, while Mir. Dalrymple, surgooz of the London Ophthalmic fospital, said that aUl forms oE ocular disease were induced, from simDle irritation to com. plete blindness. He (Lord Shaftesbury) was ready to. admit the difficulty of legislation in this matter. It woulcl be a long time before they could devise a law that -would meet all the exigencies of the case, and that woul,! not be violated as soon as it was passed. There was, therefore, the greater reason that they shoul,! make a strong appeal to public opinion. It sboula, be remembered that many of these young 'women -were of gentle birth, and almost all of them were persons who had received a decent, and many of them a good educa. tion, 'which raised them far above the great mass of the workdng people. They were, many of them, the daughtersof clergymen, Nonconformist ministers, half-pay officers, and decent tradesmen once in affluent ciscumstance&; All of than were, indeed, little able to stand against authoritative oppression (hear, hear), and it was for thel pubEh to come forvward and say that they 'would to the utmost of their power protest against this abominable state of thinmgs, and that if they could not put it down by the arm of autthority they would never desist, as lon% as itlasted, shouting inevery direction " Unclean, unclean 1"(Cheers.) It was absolutely incumbent on them to Bghten the pressure now imposed on the toilin thoand, or they would see the bodies and souls oftheir fellow. creatures perish before their eyes; and, therefore, convino, that the Early Closing Associatior was undertakdng a'worlc, not only of humanity bat of rdigion, he now calleif on the meetingto riseand declare that this-,vasastate of things repugnant to all right feeling, disgraceful to onr civilization, andstillmoredisgraceful to a Christiancoram munity. (Cheers.) The Bishop of OFGorD, in seconding the resolution, read several touching passages from the evidence given before the Lords' committee, of which he was a member, showing the distressing resdus of the existing system of prolongez and exhausting labour in the case of individual young 'women vho had been subject to it. Xe proceeded to say he attributed the evil to that perennial spring of selfishq ness in the heart of fallen man, wIch looked only to its own immediate gratiScation, reardless of' the interests of those who were cpanden to it. 'A very considerable pt of the ering he added, to which these young women were eos was to be traced diLectly to thosfe inl the higher ranks of ie who thoughtlesly ordered 'wat must beat onee supped, althouigh in the supply of it the very thews and siews of the producers of the work were sacrificed. (Hear.) It 'was for flower shows, balls, and other entaimentsit was for the gay dancing of painted butterflies in the summaer's sun-it was for such things as those that theiL sisters and daughters were to be offered up at the shrine of this modern Moloch in the valley of abominations. (Chees. The reason why these young women 'were so come pletely helpless was, that they could -not produce the articles on which they were employed unless there 'was head of an establishment, with capital, with a certa fashionable reputation, and with the means of brigingtheir industry to minister to the demands of their customers. 1i they resisted they starved. It 'was not that they could mct up for themselves and be contented with less gain ; but it was that they nust fall through to utter rDin; E. that the power of those they erved over them was absolute,' and their bondage was complete. He agreed that thet remedy for the evil was not to be found in legis' lative enactments. He had the greatest'possible objection to the applPcxtion of a stern, aceommodting, external law to those things which ought to depend upon the higher an,! more sensitive princples of mui obligation. (hear, ea;r.3 He felt certain that legiation on this subieet would be failure, and that the attempt to interfere in' this way between the employer and employed by legis. lation, except as a last necessity, 'would be i gret evLL ale remedy was to be found iii the q(lck e1O mora feeling of the nation, and by bringing an enl1tene1 public opinion to bear on this grt evl. He Asked them as mein, as father as brotbern, to exert them.n selves in rising and maintaining such a tone of genera opinion on this mauer adwouIdmakeit imp asible tha' sugc aIcts of cruelty could longer exist in a sitihied oOlu Itfl ,nd be concluded by seerting'tbat the identianaindms solubility of the interests of the emhployer and tb'e enpi oe Was a great eternal truth, resing on the verity of God ss' on the certainty of His provsdential goverment of the worldQ (Cheers.) The resolution -as put and crried by acclati, ai was another, noved by Mr. S C. A aud conaed by Mr. Dt. ) A BNGsR, p]6dging the MeingM "to lge iti utrost influenos to = the inhuma sYasm -of oyerj -work which now pre e` The aeetinr ate rdA addressed by the Rey. W. LAXDELL' r. . R TARBTW)Tr and other gentlemen, in aid of the ebject forwlhi;h it'wq convened.
SALES BY AUCTION. To Cabinetmakers, Families Furnilsihag. and others. N[R. HARDING will SELL by AUC7TION![ on the Mw XPromises, 11, Pavement, Firabury, on 3ffondlay. Julylt and follownjdys at1276r echday to susperior STOCK in Th-ACDE of lorzmg wic.aa 132lo k, cabilnieab^;tmahkteSr a2OndpbOisterer who is retiring frmb Ci,oo nprlstoghandsome wrdrobbedsteads, washstands, bed roam, drawing and dimang room wirniue hiuhs, alabinek4, bookcates; rlirary, ding, loa, work. and other tabled; chbmnoy, pier, and dresng glasses; TurSey, Brotels a ondKiddersdinyer carpets data3*f chintz, tsolesfenn, cloth and other table cavnrs, and a large anaity of btckappmrtinngto tanerade. ay be viewsed, andItesalogues had ondtheopreuises, andok the aceioneer, 25, anew Broad-sreet, city. ter patoel, Satdote, in s lent, within fire minutes' wik of the CamP at eornc .-To CaDitadsts Brewer, and otherea-fat ceesrsa 0OkA3DS and mks, on the Premise3, an Tussday, Julyvi, at d ioe 4 in the af ternoon toYFlkeoe, wold-establishede reehold Famil l grtel, h cou nying an an exten&siv_ and e lrsativeabusiness, withr anewvu buitdi lcedap; auliobar,vinanxentebsies,sabin,Ca ndIleach-houleof v blae Oldth'fonrge, hveue,uandew shop,aindtfosr cttages, aillelt to respectable tenants [swith tho exception of tbe hsotel. of liche,dmeeased, pI0tei0Aebryadoraf ing,0 dinnmg, breakftCoffee, and smOking rooms, maReS up 20 beds, and has other convenient domehtis RIc-S, with a pleasre lawmn dovn to the sea, and facing the high road to Fokestone, rhieh baa an icreasing teaSic; likewise a emaigreenhouse. The iurnsture, de,, can be taken at a valuation,. I'or partionlars inanireos da esrs.Rona1ds and Son, auctioneer and agents,s a tOe; or o£ Ms. Braclman, solictor, Folkestone. Collection of valuable Old Engravings, a fevr Oil Paintings, and lRD 2bayo ,000 volumes. MtR. EDAD Lihr EL1 by AU:OTION, at his Wtednesday, July1 Isanmd 16,7 at 12 lmnctno¢tallzd ehacoh day Ua COLLC-u TION of old ENGR&V)CS, a few oil palingi, and a valuable library of upwards of 2,000 volumes. The engravings comprise proot imPreeslons of the Greenwich and Chelsem Pensioners,Death of lsac, WelUington at Waterloo, the Marriage of Ber Maljesty the Queen. marriage a Is Mode, the Aecension, the Ralsing of lIrus, the Prodigal Son, and n3any other scriptural and hlstoricsL illuitrations. aso tthe Library of ahbout 2,1000 volumes, whichl are chefl haotaMbso dceal works;3 among them will be found a royal fol,o edition of the Atlantic lNeptune wish beanutully coloured plates, ?llnyr enatral Histar?, oi ot Napoleon Bonanarte by the Author of Wavterl, Gibace) alrfeeeatrve from Papery, Bishop Tilolson's Works, Locke a Works. ingsaris Hisatory of Eng',snd, and nmmerous mnodern valuable editions of the meat celebrated theological authors of the asesent dai all in excellene conaiuomn C atlogua'weillbe lenedlatelr dp.ed and maybe had s.ttLo offices cfithe auetioneer,107,King'e-rd,,Brihtou. Lord elliLomFbliehouwUniversity-street. DAN13-FCRONINresp>ectfaUly announces w cbat hb HOSE~ inendedfor ut by s ctio it July 11, is BOLD by private trcaty.-42. Bloomsbury-square,.July 5, I81. DANIEL CROtIN re iuforms the jub ethatheg&LbyTederot .PROk'.EITY.int~enlo unvodbl OSPI¶I for the present.-A1 Blooms- busur.JulY 11. lt..W. H9. HEthis tc M R.-Pital AND as OT OL , a the autin,snd thathb soe otetfrh ae~ private cotat.U art-stet lOssr-qae Dorsetabire.-Eirst-rste rehlPsptycorising- SO acres, and jjJ ESSR.S. BROOK'andBtfLegto annonc that thsvaluable IREOL aecTfulAS BOLD thieduny, July 10. Officss.2O0icaily iiackney-narsrs.--Superior Meadow Iand.-ByMR. MAON, -at the Mart, on Monday, Anguat 4. acres of Freehold rich Meadovw Land, Ia Fi--I.l eld, close to the stie on fototpth leading from Pondla s latn d erly adjomI nrn Mr. Powell'a enclosures. Partira. nlsce of -Staffoxrd..Ew. solicitor, 17, Ring Willamn-street, Strand; at the Wh2ite Hart Clapton; And of Mr. M1ason, S, Union-eourt, riity. lda,la-hllL-Farniture and Effects of a etean's Esieee.n cluding a Pianoforte, 250 vols. of Ilooks, a few Plated Articles, and ESSilvrVTAR{LTERSandLOVEJOY wiM SELL 2J111 y AU6pION, at 2. HAndolph-road, 3BloDmfield.rosd& on Ttieaday. Julay1I5. at 12 the awh ole o f th e FUIUNITUiE an d E YFCT, uss,o the premises, fsumisrd by Wilkinson, within the last three years. Mayba,viewed-one daypri)r and morning of sale. Cataloguehsdbadn thepremises, of Mesar.DobinsonandGeare soliciters, 571, lincoln'sinn-fields: and of the auztioneers. 55, Chancery-lane. It o. l143. ildersgato-street...To the Boot, Sie,an ether Trade. R. S. Jowil WmSELL by dp.b1ic AUCTIN this Booms, 143, A&ldersgate-street, on Wednesiay. July1IS, atl 328,OD0paD BOOTS and SHOES, in Napoleon, Wellington, Prisme George. Cl=nce and button bsots,watertightr, Illuchems anid Oxoniaris, 1adiee~ andL children's boot andabues, and men's and women7a slipp,ers - also, ins leather and sboe mnrocery. crop butts, crop shoulders and bellies waxed and rusestp. kips, shoe hides. cale, kIds, baais~ nd ohereffects, May he viewed, and catalogues had of th auctoner, 43, ldeinae. -pinets. Pr ee er nbtl;1 600 dozen choice old wViehll-execute Paintings.ote - J. E PUIDIOKand o. ill SEL'L by fas5m Mblsnd ua theautroeers' qMoneday,io tol sale atnd fra12, con iers-F'resta f rae,ne lgmhtumprnz flgrocrt, Twjous perambulators Stocm and vattiugitof a Grceandboloumdsndfastalgebd Machie. anr,Sdls Borscet Clothing, We rain ritii OPLIROET EE wl SERDIN at hisLLooaby ga, re2 1.at MIrborugh-tret nMna,uul 1 t1 2 chambNIrEo theraeg uwial decipin,goeb' tns ossigo bodihes, anlvrouits.Myhveed and catdatogues bnd. turietur&es, chpitnyalss, b racket ClcclPaooreoaitns fmi Pnnts6 afwbooks, 26 doeofCapg, c M R. GEOrI atteROBINoom, St.Pal's huchar is Ronmensday,Julyd1 aod-tr1epunctually, UInext July coma 1prsigteusul.al chaLmbreppNdaoes wIngUEd, iardrobeg2, chest popraers, o cairs,le couhes le an cad abls i magayanrbewfound, schimneyan Cptoile HlouseholdapFurnbturet clcks, And cottage lianoforte,pantings framzed porins ae hooks,r 2ury dozeineamage and malsnisched llanous Aoln do -collctinq ofn, heftlymeOlds Peaictre.&p et ESS. GE. BULOCKS will SELL, at thir Roome M1 21., Old HobondreeT,I onAFriayet, July1oc, at lprzocASel. COLLGET of PxeeiCt URNES. intandin EF0, he proemrty dfraenle OStad,, NentndSerheyden h CaLealettic hodmes HoaeToll Wouvermans WeFnrniture, clirii Nsyh Ma Kh teedto ias riesr,andcatalge(byMsha. zIwoi Captl Housebs ld auni,ture, abiAUnt Nd Sqartbe Pianofortes, No-bt Bronzesfor shal or galery, acinets,an Table ednromchedisthorR. IESR. BT LCKwl SELL,b aUTItef Ooms, bisGal. High elornsTHI-SqDaYe, a11o'coc W ayeare ABSEE-I4 severa hoUses- IncUding cumrtains, mlasges, Arusslsan.bdsturey car-n pesAelsoe ElnungtRadsie 15li hyueS-tedhootee-5ilchaird.orco caiaeRly C ew wARD robs bestad Sand bed roo ION apnages sup ror plate7ies, aneday uoth t10 y rer ofshleqnte a bhe vxewe adcatalmogutes hadeH. ishTsube.F ~wtpwsj StkeKe lnto,s;emt-ee7ched l,eastmeuold ResidencetHuehl 1I,1 C. GARKED sINstRwuctEd L byMs ACTIONy,wo bs IZ (uleasprvingEganIrd, oSI.bAvCINotereissN. Bor-et---rov on Ta eday ofJuy15 sril wth,out reserve, theLHOSE ofTAThE eosiratioge oL RE.gntemnCE, reidn ce,reth repair,wiho cae-os,stable,gandelarge garden, eoseldomforalng- tuena st rand aot rn.Aso,allthee leatosehold Houresatrd Shops,oodcaineton ino IR. E. TBOMTS wfil SELL by AUCTIOKN atth il i Gallryt o 5, Tueicday, r-sul r, at1 on Mond eveing iul'y 14,TE Catledontian-roa ; comprixRsidngesma3hog8SnAalisbury-ters,o-, iroditt-oa, Utprpser,bd Hooarid beldding mearble-o ashatands, hesz ts lof crouceand reatsy chtiairs, lto, card,e an fancytabfles peroumer wMth blae-glassd h'atckansme pattern B1rusel Ar1and Thverncrt, mahoAganlcai Iin lethn fMsmMer and iico H,cuche, sofascptent diningtspacle, sdebardsabogare, hadsofme cbrhiamdne service adoesert eview, andVcatalogCudeharoat thep roomt. M AUCsINu, oadtde Public ose&0 Yhorkgte,'-blRoa;etsp. r.o MondGayrw'o uedy July Idflo5igdy athe byuin HOrderofth Exe- ShoTUEr'-ilrand, aFC hortDisanepromn alackweath. The ropert saaibeen o.uped byMia e present proreto upwrd ofml glayes, Oramndtin ie, the h fndsof umo ofbdnrinesscenotrasltatdcommd avery, domstic abquistrae. Paboticlar omaybe ob ltaiedes on th predmies patedgooras pway's; anad at thel-antioeedsoubles.17batten-guardemn.rvet en ae,adsm aluable paihld netmengs byhas Zentte. old,&. book ordservie of thehoinages atd Glaraay'beviwe on Tuedat ulyd.at talngoeatfulgren, Calonservhatoy uponting-reoises, and about si stuate, dc.ose to the Chrch, Itboothami thewhoeundereas ted towDBel"tthe very~ low rueant ofl £100 pean1m, whmot thes recentlyg expededablarg eYOLD POfPoEyR nThES premiseour which,e kuth the railwas wincodrite.pwarehonmusts materiallya enhance. i the vaueofibi dayeetpriors to the scol etanleatsthe Gor eenluge Hotel,umBlack- hpaidth;of Aeu. Phowells, solicto, adebenaldon, V Sufok Mat TGasra- way'; an athe actineers ofce. 17oHatoe-garde. rDays SevntenI,aaeol Huss ad hos.iingidowlnd,de l rand ret;etmtdtopouearnaff 80pranm a tin'splac, atr thee ado r.Arhm ot,a~ln aonndgesat agent, roa, (sle-ilVla,Cme-od p h oreckecy Satinus. c !,S"M1 tml buidiR. aN d, wisbinstuca t fr forSL bli Monday Judoly1.and pollowing da,n h genusine HOn in HO FbeITreeno aound esiFeCT;comprisintg a , toeodrwngro sutegarge bssricllin preaeToe hine and consomakalle glasses, oraentualu iates ofthe cornityr ofSa, diingtoohibrry and bed rieooms, diy ometi of herbeeth manfrehlactrdenanexnsvgod chrs,adoinomether,silverdie- pea\'ter.Ace adtoa rswratedoubleehl-b tgarrelegn gyanrdient esit-at en maker, dsande snyfome auabe paitmntiongsdb pZeity,ier. MersainAc boos,andsrvicelrso chinae obained gasst bhe vuciwdon satrdayf ir anmmsgfsl.m ataloGue had uprion, slctimoremss and of Mfr.W gentouauctioeJohn-street,r,Adeigat. Harron, nearddeley-ea-nt-clain thoues Shops rhote,yodn Land.u Ac lsto thendo HT Darro Shols, inethef centre" aftetwn.d MAR.ET DANd has weciveLL bystructions atSLI byAJO9a the Mart, on Wedesday, July15 t 2 iaxlt, h followin dalabeto fteomr CPH leaPROPEtheS yeighobo,forlgehus andn OTG Mshops, sut wigarden y warehouss, stabndigg ancottage c.undin thedmai street close of theshiolla let on, oeloae,orwicg hBarksael pleasmaee paid tof Mesr.aTompson, aindl Dandwn.Also, als ctamd osttvalae pic ofbidsfe,i,ditl-i h erofteRv r rr' huset vatyindtheRschool:and acaptalefield of mceadowland desiralyc slnaing otn, theoroa leading from th xehih toyexrirodge con-al ixbe iewofI intthewole prouduiontlg at bsoreet lowa, rentals £20pea nnmyMybe viewed one week p rior,tote- epartiularshad at. Coiters,1. Fsolivit'r,1o, C oleret?me,ot; at the Mart; andoftheprueNeiar Itigts in thepalborihood ndutfitd. andcwthioneabou twoemlesy o ofabou 5acre, wurteymagniabcen Siteeforla InTeden,hatif ll timerd andBush com,pactl-abora onThusaye, thul 17hole fre fromls land-tax; adisoeligi bleBuiding Greund. in theporaris oF RstMOw. TAE, stlj e nth Rnr of TOR the ts nstructe by-im opothe DowniegisteetsinoTus of the betapstions.inm thraeltm tomprELLn by turial buidng,and, weithince sing thenoce,pabiouto 15sThacrsheof soud aran frm utelfitgo urstovit sdsofeeold rottaei andw ghR arde situate walled garden,inthe oceupationof Mkr. Edwards, plumberandipainter, the whole beiglet on lease to Mr. George Johnson for 21 years from LaY-day, 1SI1, at 2Al per annum, but of the estimated annual value ufeso £20 ' plot of freehold hun land, situate near the Weydon 3Mil on the roe- to Wrzeckleshirn, andeDntainnig l1 acre or thereabouts, anud anusdsoininaluabl oFreehold msUeadowland Brcntainnrd r.5,bt Allotmernnum: Cawleyownx,hae in Wothe 'rnhm Gast Wors.an shef Shares in thedarumWted o uZigprpWors.Patclrroybhd,4 daebeyr the salne,tt the Lushi and Lion and Lamb Inhs Martshando onWhitesHart and W2III Lion3 inns lGtildfo vrdySa eUInn, Amon a arRawaity's kofwMesrs CoverdPae, Lee,h fandPurvis, slctoers,Q4. Bed forld-row andn; r.lp and goo f Mesrsablae, Croydon. Ldwo .o tgethex-alithbte Freeholad wnusutatle, wihereicm thYaurdmost Alotments, ne rat ey ch ownh ind Worth.k near, Easthinstan the chef pfarailwell adapted or biltretding i purosles, m abersdt brtI the 3.eCt LE ost an nouncepd yth s horinstd inwstructed presumby th e inroprietreltosbit to AUCoTION aSatino the MAbot, railo wyonstednesdy uy2,atthbrcky intlots, that vTery eligibleFREHOLeD PRw, oPErTY,6& nOwn asp ofe Place,.with farm-hose. thf requisit commadingextesive ie~ ndroaver ime vinewad healthiy The valuable Contents of Urns-grove Puter, ONe raeu)wrt of lb. late- M MRS.~~B KJohn AudiWAhy 9LAxbya, M SR .WflNSTANLRY lave received directims fmthe Executors toSBELL byAUCTtON , on tii. prerntie on osda. Jly28 adi15following dys,the w'-'oo! the OU8E. HOLDFRNITUR1114-E.- aod oroaweoaxWl ftecte of this spacio;, Mansion tlielinect, 10 doz. of choice wa, aerioo Of plate, isioudiag aLbout 3,001 ourices, plated articles 3ewlWo, and trinketa, irncl-ding a 2magnidcet and costly diassond nekljace with stus and earyiog, antique and other rings, chxoice snuff-boxes mable boas, sollectos of brings. minersal, o-hells, saw RtrweanW e1icutrs by anicient and m3odern nmsters. including Titian. ]R=yda watenlo, B.,weFerg. Tandervelde, Opie. CorbDuld, robetaus, and othess- an extensive library of gnr,and mnvi-jsseleoux literature. incluIG, Caxtoss' Croycl o aglnd, 1480; Dagdalo's MEnaslicon AnslioAnumGoo~hs SeulchalMnunnents; Agincourt's Histoire do l'Axtes lea nsuena Cadens Bituanna, by Gough; Vieset (Ruvresr. Pejutrs leeplus ildke : ine act of the Chroniialas, in 90 TOIL - Fle,sy' Hitoie Ecleiaaiqu; Arohorolotia ; Wilkinson's -lomdiu! lilstrta Haluy'sVoyaer; Yarrell'z Beitla Birds bud Fishes - Annaeede Mo'tes Ze: an extenaire collection of eugravn, sciestc forilustatng rrtonasY Of Paintess, comprising fineuotrpeelman, b th eal aartrs,Gernan wood engrauings, Portraits utter Sirosha Rynot~ an Vadyk, and various DYNAuteull, EAelUck, Dreet,kc. phlosphial nstumets,microscopes, and tesoot a andnumrou mscelaueueProperty. The days of view wiiCbe stAted in the separate atlogues, which wil be ready in due tine, and MAY be obtained. at Is. eseb, at the r6esdenice; arid of feare. VWin. s'tanley. IPaternostar.row. Valuab1lelog eoldPrrope&rtyboth for Occupstlou,. Iandlytmsert.~ in the nei hbourhz-d of Victoria-p*rX. Hackney, Limebouse, and MESSRS. WNSTA~LEY are directed -by the .LTLExeutor ofthelate Mr. Pearson. tDSELI,b.YAUCTION . thetht. n ridy.Augst15, TWO miodern weil-bailtsenil-detaclUe RFSUENCE, wih lage grdens,plseesmutly situate, Nos. 3 aaa4. Psrklel-terac. KigEdardroa, Victora-park; asmnaller House. No.2 WuornVilas;also Frrar Housse with Shopef, being No.. 80. 81,82,and83 onthe Irey-road, with stabling andwarebouse;suad. 25 ottgesin he earthereof, held by ona Jease, ausd ro)diicing a. 2.rttdntbo £14 erannum: a Dwelling-house and Shop,Noi. 20. JsrwOrtrst,Psnlsoa Warfnt iuehouse. knoln is Copenhagenwhaf 4 orth whletem t 10per aunnu Thiehoueesmaybe vecbyPermiso oftetnnsRrinted warticulars maybhe theaL otneofMr.Wilm, solctrGudhi-amrsBaohlstreet: attepatn is andofM.r.Wntny,1.Penoer row. Claha, lurey.Masr-tretand Crou-street.-The Manor Armw andSixune;~ne eigasahoy)let to tenanutsatrents ramouting w,ethe instructed to BELL bY Auction Mr.on Tuevda3, July sO, at 12, in onelo, he 6lowngvaluable T.-OAEHOLD ESTAT'E, land tax redeeed, csirblystuatin Manor-stret and cieesret clsto theClphm-red cnipisugthe Kws or Anne beerphop, 1, Iangtonplac, Maersteel~withcoac-hoseatabling, and yard. at present of thenetanualvale f £5,well and Bubeantlalybuilt. Sitted, aud a bapte in Dvr a,aloin a situation to command a6 licenco. baig a,ba arer another pawlouir, tap r-oom, and capital club bm.mwi=¶ood ce Sruz t Present in the occpation of MMs Bather, uwh reIren fa&vourof thelpurchaser, if houglbtforocepDatiot) Adiolning are twd dwltu.ose.cll sad substantially built. eah Ind Z Iessgtnni-Place, Manor-swtree in the respechts =&ino Mt. Barnes, at £28 perarinus. and i,t. Dale, a's Operocuatinu of the rear in Cross-street.parlly abutting on Precttplace, are fourn btrik-bulltboumsesthe corner one being milkRhop (formesrlyabaker'sl, with yards lit rl!&-, being Noe 11, 12,13, and 14, in the occupations rePecttvelY O oMr. Dicla,, Mr. Strudirick, 9r_ Hunter, and Mr. Crabb. at the moderateorents of £20, £18, 1?, and £17. The whole leasehold eatatethus producnug agross rental ofe.103 per annum. Theso-premiseearehel bythevederhy eas, fr aenof which 41i years are nowunxpied atth grun ret f £5 s. erannumt. Pointed par. tomrisingmaybou ba ntepeie:a heSa,Sokel,luh Cipand Hdome. thennnin pedEge dweh h ofMSSRS.rvr sreos landE hagens benda%vudtors, 0.Wbteh it London. fomh on hxlBA Gmte omninrt cr!9ofnsds-Isler ajt' lAndho vene, Lino d dier the aputb ortatorf oomprAUCIngX.a tuth ,5Coart h s, toe.ntherwtoih wano ports on Tpwerth and Augutwo1d. ath12foert of Preislr Mineiscety.Pcain n oau the 10th; 11P- Oc TToEr ,blogn neerxt.t,tb ratrorin lad SaxrSdeen tRitheR hferee.op ng farmvoued itin Mrtlons havn efr tenrp,lyg Ho nthares pA.ore,heso CporimiOssioneri charg ofHe )mca'itet' LadRvnend GalsOdeb underi the acupthoityo thse LordsCorsMlais.enetoftHerMaespety'epTreasury,s topoffertforSAL bhe AUCtIO,a the Corburt-houthe, inhtown of Epworth, ecpighon Thurs day, fAugus a4, dmat1 for1ndecsel, wgh inlots cbtI aube disoEed Sf . HaOlDts D rinAted belongtingm wtohe Maety, th igeae eprio landtoxrdecscd nd tthefree omricng fares houce ant build ~Retions atu n.E wortpeLdatly Ping Inteparuinthes o £sourth,sood; ofrJohsn, otDoncu 7Aa_tseciarDoncasber;ob Ofd jin theroccpates of tentnts Fpwo-hos aterswlxieo the ofcofHrWlOcht of Otbrnext s-hs eIvudRedesu~oet adaphted or small o in raeshnets. so, th Maor t01 Epwiooof Wondg Wewo, whith th-aeir Josb, qluit-eto s, eCheate meuers. nod appurtenl'Pances,t ethendn ove an large dIstrictyoeall f.nns land agments lands whih il b dspneeoersspa rat liueortsPined 2atiuas dozth planhs, moybe hand -at th Laude Daereues.-1a Whthl-lc:o Horacge Wto,Eq,elTwP anoforte e IFurniue, 250 d &mRuae,Como. n Rzr M 4atppaerel.nis Piecegoos,tr c-On view J%15, nd twofoHownz Gnd Sat n 280 rPa audS"PPbh diamondbrackltsb,- 1500 lots),icldn ailk viothe ladnd satins dressilngthEs, cloth s ndver aind apparel lies b-O%ed andtabedn, claofrpet, cutlery brshs,twpanforks atM tes ThreeobDays, Balefe-W atdches,chromeerplate , Jewels,e a valuab le B Gynsaddl H iorse. byth Mi iatres, 5Dm,-Vew 1irESSRS. DEBENH-A3, STORE, and SON will incSlud.i atheiSAL E foomsa tei ,os Kingtee.Cvn-ad.onTsay July 1t, ovndtwo foll,oing Edays, athe1 200a crat.o lrtUSOl,Rrnr-U rIds,anfSaphs, ,LdFsos yW dicmndharflts boroohes, rings, petins andobhir Mstud,agldhisb.urayship'schronoe. dther by Brraueds. a egol poke _FrSS'IS. DEBENHA1tI, STORE n SNwl 1Jinstudetin the SELL of AUCIsOliNis at their Rooms. KKing-ret street. Cove.On t-gaden, o Frialy2, ath 28 inst2, lirt-a67e GUN~S,o X2 es~and Pistols).b th. RichErDs, ERFIREr aker, Bljeate Probi_ RilsNWls, uCaO ANY.k Keemttp, rcandthper clbated makers.On tiewAr on thuedauy. ue ~fSSRS. DEB3ENTHAAM, STORR, and SON are SE nLby ACTIdONELLbat hir LiOng a thirg AR s Kn-toet Couen-gaden, enI Tusdy9Jly at 2. teLAEFinxtulets, a7d SoARES of 6 PANVVBROTM in BUheSS D sEcrridEI FI ant N LIFEan 61. P7cs-tetafoesidYaso Intret 2the plerg centk. perannumi now rebout laxly afeeiDed sonfthepadgup capital. o arthin sabiherfd ofce. Ptr-_ tcarofthe auctioneers . PawnrngerasBuSilvefr, Disposael-TdSa am lCtoPaptaists. Li[ESSRS. DEBEN-HAIT, STORP, and SONbe IV.Letr hotd bMreHdenced of Pring-lcess-stev-, aids-il. SEP by AU iU il EL y TCTION, at theirIem,Kn-tet oetgre.o TuIesday.t,O Tusdy July 217,aat,the LEAStwFoxturs, andGow ofehisee RAWIDBROCElg siuSteNESS2, aonbcaridedonat Nos.rosad, let Pain the auctioneers. heactoners37 EtbisheS .ltrleb-ldlesiofdewel, Bnihejesteprie CofRkegenacy r Drtu essin-cases. Steiver ahnied apotndt leoro P is-late ss .Mt E'SSPS. )EBENhave SbOen anvm-dvitisO trhoe Al EM to a SonEL thACTO.at therrsiindy In, aditondn to Thos or_ dadvertJsed on, whic 12 aluable PREEOPERT wlbESTA LE, at do Rom,drn lthef curentol moldnth Tare- BodeKet Thursday, 4th. ILu,o ThursdayJuy1, lat 1. tefUw C tataousfordPweCarded-sgratis) one apcaton.-Keranumtr, Crovn ent- Le e nnm asehol eideahd Residnr,Tbcd enpae% He-o. ,and, 4S ranxs~via,SLS KEMPra( wileta C SE er aby m grToun, aet the ti`tix,a5 genteel RHNDE-'C, cotaiUgSinng10rooms,Wceru ituDa0eti- Veroundrest2laguieas.bl Psarticeas atd the imprt;e GofuMndo Cook a lit eros solcitrs b, Giraysuof.ofuthe; Admnd oftr the jucboneers,37 Leasholdo te Sinnve-r'Feetea-iestroad sodnudstree.SF tb. arto hydY July117. at 12. ntolt, aethee REsIDENCE, toat To.b "5 Tlao,budew-plcd, leew-rtad, letea £52 Is pe annm, n eapredteround -crent groun reu)t2O gunea wicksqure.unexire tem 90yeas,zro-sund re nt xpgineas,e mit4 poassno. ad peseTinea eligible captnhv,imymfoiany peroneseekticuarsseve das piortotesablefor the Mamtrmt gofTu.ndelso, eq. soicior,4, Loa-aet& CAnnon-street;uand No. the cirencatrrs3 Rrighton.-FmTwooeceoen Residen,ithb estsar of .1 Re ancysqare 11ESSES. gtEn. have biecen ofvoun-d winthe reastnex. t yeartosEl t by AUCTIOe, at tme grtLoundon on Thurs-z dayt . Juln2 iPatc- 1Groua vauben oR;EEHOLr = TaE, comptrisingm aw genc-squre, righon,numbred t cmmadingr an uninerruited viewof he sa, nd ntanin evey acom odatonursa family o9 the highestrespectabilityclot on lease, ala ~~redtal of£6neranm JESSPRS. KIEMP -wiuiSELL by A-UCTION, on the .J.tJ te Premises, on Monday, July 21, a, 12, the genteel and neaLrly new FUEI7ITUBE, including iron and other bedsteads and bedding. mabtigany wardrobes, rosewood cabrioleoconch. elieffosiler, walnut centre table, easy chain, set of dining tables, pedestal s1deboxrd,cbair.% and the usual effects of a modlerate-sired residence, OIn viewr the Santudayprior and norning ot sale. Catalogues onL the prmisues; andof teauctioneers, 37, Judd-street. Suffoikr.-A valuable Esate0 of 2ita, 2r. 151%. chiefly freehold, laud-tax redeemed, to Holissey and Shettisham, niear the Wse Coast. B. MULTO will SELL'by AUCTION. at A R eCown Hotel, Woodbridge, on Thursday, July 31, at 4 in the afteenoon, the above;- cmrising a coosenlent farm residence, with Isalou. kepig rom,business roora. kitchen, two store roomns, two -ellrs wash-hause, dairy, and six bed roomns, -The agrculteral buildingsoDnalst of two barns, cart and riding horse stbles neat hucasiamw car shedls, granary, gig-house, and the usual farm buildings, withL 248.2Pr. 5iSp. of prossuctire arable and pasture land, lacudldesg a snumg thriving plantaLtioen of Ua. Or. ISjo. of about 10 years' griuth, and Is. lr. 12p. of wood and alderear; also six brick andl tile cotlag teomonte, The %hole In the occupation of tbLe executors of thse late, Samnuel Chilton Gross, Esq., who are tenants from year bo ysa. A. messuage and Gta. lr. 2Op, are ciopyhold of the manor O otHeillaey-WIthHutton; the remsinder is freehold. The estate is within fix nilles DC Woodbridte, seapoet, and one of the beat corn markelsin the Couenty. througb'eiRlia,line ot ralway Is te npogressfsom'YuZMewh to. Ipswich. It' toclosetothvilgofHleey within two miles of ths sea, and in thbe neleib orodo aepeevs h ai sin TNTy highi stats of cultivaIn n fod loehy sa ejal optunity fce both netetadocptin rne atols and rconditions ofsaewihlaanee,-srb dofes'. Orahokms, Ward, and C. oiios ra"-scM.Oeg ot solicitor, Woodbridge, tteConHtlWodrg'Oetht IorEam Hotel; Ipaws:Wht at,We- ke;kxle,El lE&ealV; and the p?rinciplinsi j eb o ;nd0th5'O tioneer, Woodbcidge.
