' DEATHS. On the 26th of Mach, at the Back Creeit lSandbsnrst, Anstralia, Charles Inkersole, late of Gosfield, Essex, aged 35 years, On the 2Sth of AJril, at lis resldeuce, Champ do frais, Port Bouis, Maorities, of cholera, after 12 days' great suaffering which he bore with Christiaw fortitde and r2. esrna d tion,Ithay e H Wiiam, t Wacofdte Wstse island, aged 72 Herwas an affection.atebusbandandfather,anda * good sincerei friend, deep!ly moumned and lamented by his nikiicted widow and 1orrowing family, andreeretted by ah large circle of sincere * friends, Jis eudewseace. On the 24th inse, inhcerely regretted byhisriends aDal nd brother yiello fever. 2Ir. Edwar. Galloway Artram, 2d officer of the Wye, aged 20 yeairs. On the 12th inst.. at Brunsela, seed 23, Thereas Pickard, only son of C'haxrles James Thdsi Lvq,. On the 13th loist., a t hi s residence, Grove-roaid, Prixton, WFilliam Burden BromeheAd, Esq.. aged 6L On the 14th fnst., at the aotwelIl, Clifton, Samuel Earard, Esq., in his net year, bighly respected. On the 14th inst. at YMarseilles, F'lorence Linda Eleanor, youngest child of H. A Clavering, Eeq.. aged?7 mouths. Oir the 16th inst., at Ashen Rectory, Essex, the Rev. Peter Eourehier Wynch, aged 68. Onthse 6th lust., at Chelnsford, Jacob Elton, Esq., aged 78. On the 16thiest., at Harrow, Eaia, wifc of the Rev. EL H. Bradiby sged 31 y-ears. On the 16th inst.. at No. 6, Lnnpdale-Equnre, Isllngton, after a pro. tractediliness, Mr. W. J. Jones. aged 22. On the 17th inst. at Elmdon Lee, Alice Rose, inf.nt daughter of Charles and Ellen Ai^cley, aged 7 weeka and 5 days. On the 1Ith lest., Elza Jane, relict of the Rev. W. Waldegrve Park, of Tnce Hall, in the county palatIne of Chester. On the 17th lnst., very suddenly, at 5, Priory Villas, Canonbnry-prk, Maria, the wife of Mr. William Berniagham. On ThurEday, the 17th inst., at his residence, P.ocsinghamn-row west, New Kent-road, Wm. Moss, REq., late of the Navy oifice, Somersethouse, aged 62,-esteemed and respected by Eai who ksew him. On the 17th inst., at Ilamnceston,after a lingering lllness,Aary, reliet c-f Villim Hamnilton, Req., late of the War-aies, and third daughter of the late Nilliam Gosling, Esq. On the 1& inst.. after a very short i'lnesa, Ellen Philli the yonngest daughter of William Henry Sawyer, Esq., of Drapers!hanll aged 7 years On the 18th inst., Thomaa Longmore, Esq., -et. 77 years, formerly surgeon, Rtoyal Navy. On the 18th inst.. at 39, Wimpole-street, aged 62. Mary, relict of the late J. Green Wilkinson, Esq., after a long ffinezs, ending sulddenly in bronebitis.
MUSIC-HALL, SUBREY-GABDBNS. The inauguration festival terminated on Saturday with a miscellaneous concert of great and varied attractions which brought nearly 8,000 people to the gardens. The beautiful weather that prevailed throughout the evening enhanced the liveiness of the scene, and perhaps more genuine enjoyment was never experienced l.y a large mixed crowd. The music hall was filled in every part, and many hundreds were compelled to listen to the pern ormances outside. Amid all this, however, the greatest decorum prevailed, and it was remarked by an official, when the assembly was about dispersing, that? although so many thousands had passed so many hours m the gardens during fve consecutive daye, not a single plant had been injured, not a flower had been plucked from the parterres. The concert was composed of such a mass of heterogeneous materials that a brief general description must suffice. There were two symphomes in the programme-Mozart's in E' at and Beethoven's in C minor-together v ith two of Webef's overtures, Evrsanthe and Julbilee. lt was gratifying to find such attention and such applause bestowed upon the orchestral music. The noble symphonv of Beethoven has become to the majority of music-lovers " familiar as a horusehold w ord." The instrumental solos were many and excellent. The most classical of these was the concert-stftck of Weber, which brilliant and difficult piece was played with admirable effect by Miss Arabellx Goddard (Mr. Loder directing the orchestra), and elicited the same consideration and applause as the symphonies. The otbers were a violin fantasia, by Signor D.-i 3 a ,Me An *;&e ofa .I-ry-gini-_". bsslv Madame Dre:yfus; a violon(lofnasia5oy ignor riatti; xu,i -, f.r the contrabasso, by Signor Bottesini, the most accomplished livin master of that unwieldy and unmanageableinitrument, and whose performances have been among the remarkable features of the miscellaneous concerts. The " star" of the evening. so far as the vocal music is concerned, was Alboni, whc sangthree times, and each time with increased success. Alboni's first performance was with Madame Clara Novello, in the duet ,rom Tancrcdi, "Lasciami non t'ascolto," which the audience redemanded, but the singers with good taste declined to repeat. Her next was the splendid scena of Arsace, "In si barbara"-an example of pure Italian vacalization alike incommarable for expression and baraura, Her third and last was the tyrolienne from Bed&' ("In questa semplice"), which she never gave with more heartiness and genuine simplicity of style. This fairly enchanted the audience, and an encore was insisted upon with such unanimity that, in spite of her better judgment, Alboni could do nothing else tIas come forward and sing it again. Mtadame Clara NoveDo, who, besides the duet, was put down for M.aefarren's "Captive of Agincourt," delighted the vast crowd by her magnificent moprano voice, and maintained her right to be considered the best of English female singers, dividing the honours of the evening with the great and popular Italian. .1ss Dolby gained well-merited applause in Balfe's graceful setting of ngfellow's poem, " The green trees wh:spered," which she sang to perfection. Another fiurore was created by the wonderful execution of Madame Gassier in "U[na voce," which she embellished a piacere and with profusion. In answer to the encore l adame Gassier indulged her hearers (who were nothina loth) with the eternal ralse of Venzano. To concAude, thnre was also a variety of singing by Madame Rudersdorff, Herr Rokitanaky (wvho has a fine bass voice), and others. Among the rest was noted as a performance of promise Beethoven's " In questa tomba oscura," by a yong dd6bz1ante-XLMs Kate Panoe. The names of the other singers (which is all we can find room for) were Mademoiselles Beyer Zerr, Jessie Rolls, and AL Gassier-the last one of the best barytones now "in the market." To the chorus were allotted the " Tramp, tramp, oeer moss and fell," by Bishop; the madrigal, "Down in a flowery vale," which was encored ; and "The Heavens are telling," from the Crcarion. In addition to the symphony, AL Jullien directed his marchc symphonique, entitled " La Paix," for two orchestras and double choir (enlivened by an army of harps), which wvas received with immense favonr. The bulk of the labour, however, fell upon Mr. Loder and Signor Bottesini, who dis5layed their accustomed ability. Mfr. Spark, from Leeds, and Mr. Townshend Smith, cathedral organist, from Hereford, undertook the choral pieces; so that there were enough of conductors and to spare. Thua ended a series of performances the sucess of which has far surpassed anticipation. The first "shilling audience" ia to he admitted this evening. I I
AN A3r;TrcAx DIrvRR's SToroy.-The Deroit A&rertiswsays :-"A submarine diver from Buffalo has at last succeeded in raising the safe of the American Express Company, which was lost when the stearner Atlantic was sunk off Long Point in 1852. It will be recollected that this steamer was instantly sunk by collision wvith a propeller, and that a large number of passengers were lost. 'he diver was protected by copper armour, and was under water 40 minutes, during which time he bad some strange adventures. The upper deck of the steamer lies 160 feet under water, and far below where there is anycurrentor motion. Everything, therefore, is exactly asit first went down. When the diver alighted upon the deck be was saluted by a beautiful lady whose clothing was well arrarged, and her hair elegantly dressed. As he approached her the motion of the water craused an oscillation of the ssead, as if gracefully bowing to him. Sne was standing erect, with one hand grasuing the rigging. Around lay the bodies of several others, as if sleeping. [Children holding their friends by their hands and mothers with their babes in their arms were there. In the cabin the furniture was stil untouched by decay, andI to all appearance had just been asrranged by~ some carefu and tamteful-hand. Ini the office ho found the safe and= 'a naheild to mnove it with- ease, and took, it upo deck,nwhere the grappling irons -were fastened on, and the grize brought s>aely to the light. Upor opening the safe it aisplsy.ed its contents in a L3erfect stateo of p1eservation. There was in the stfe $5;000 n gold, o3,500 in bls of the Governdment Stock Batik and a large anount of billu on other banks, amounting in all to shout e36,000. The papers were unminured, excep that they smelt verfy strongly ot decayed human bodies, as if they ha lain; r so many years in a coffin with their owner. Of coursie al this money goes to the Persons interested in this woiid r ful adventure." The Deroit Free Presssatys :-" The neer7 bills, we are3told, areo mparatively uninjuredlb btheir lo n g m p a dso n m e nt a ndh e p o s u reazi n t oe d a m p nes s hi u t th e o ld to revnt hei idntiicaionandredmptonwe have not andexcedig b 4U395chadros te sipmntfo the m filerned.i pTheref 1are s hevrl thouan dollars on the otbex- efthewamo aun ed r nuuulbzsntntecovered.iade' THE CoALi -TiTgAD Or - THlE ER..Tjusa half-yearly-return of, coals aid coke aipdnt4ie Wear anddocksat Sunderland lassjust hncmie ] shows that efor the firstba sn months of this e q shipped was 36,323 chaldrons, -being the ag. hpet ever yet tnsde at the- ort durinig thefrshafoan er .and exceeding by 40,395 chaldr6ns the hpet o 1 first six mpnths; of 1854; whegt the 24111ands a h nhei of-the war caused an; unusual briskness .In teca r .sud sent the expo±ti for tbht supiarnfru:hs f h any previous season;- The total value, at presene shspinT -pnces; of the-quan'tity embraced in the retnyn wedd-' close utpon half.-n,miiion sterling. - f -. .:: :f,Advertisesnenit.-The isewsnovel, "The Maa of-the ozrdv or Vanities of the D4y,. by S. W. btllt6m, author of "Thi Creat-, w ay," may'new- be hAat'all the -bhrarier, iuz&io& W.,tha atie;onson steel by-Johb Lec. "TeciUoisneraIs-certainiy '.Mt r; itt,u'a frFfa*" A5h -. I' "The,tarDIdfl0i df£iici4 -'eats mcoymveader."`-.rks; "ZcaeI utrestof tbe-stosyIisoveorecs ,and coixtinugu slv ustainpd,a4 thbeleading cbaacters are dramwnt v adamrable sbiliy and'truthf toubtute, "-MorngkAdv6retieer; ! hesrcsaes.are drav=uwith - are 4er ienger."n dra' max4cazrsaee m~ tin chaar, and 5, the s ril conftortg,o poveety d-weaig;tenet, sis"-D Ccatt e uth6r's4k4workl -
,: -:. . . LAJD... . * ? . ~; TIHE SA-TD R CONSPIAC 7 [. -; (e0xC. COUR' OW inzn, : A -- 1- i. I : I . I ? T)TTRYTIT. Rurnim.-6; V;?- - i The telegraph h& already infed you that the grand jury of South Tipperary have gone -thr li the forni of retutrinmg trie bills- a6ainst 4aibeg Sadleir for conaira y to defraudl the 'Delitori and English ahaieholden of.-the.Tippery -oinStocl6 Bank- Mr. Justice Moori,: wfho opened the com mimion at Clonsmel, after some generai remarlS upo the la-wof conspiraCy as ipplicable to the case-of SacUeir, proceeded as follown .- h - You are no doubt well. aware- that tberc hid 6., in our countyi And up to a very late period of A-tiJ banX which went by the aes' tionz and iane of sod Tipperary. Joint.Stocl Buink. 1 aim afraid that.r:a, or you had reason to' be awareof its late disastrous jaltra d '.J of the Stoppage of the esablisbnec * ith j Rii altedlsn,ruinous resuilta. It is allegd in ' 'etmi-it ih-ch uill be laid before you,ithat-4:; _ L.s, btmg -p d rect and principal manaer. of tIn p v.>th -J .nent, t,cgether idta John Sadleir, entered into n m n t So etict. tlib illagal objectswhichare stated in thle dtffereu' counts in this indict; ment. Gentlemen, I need wsixy te.ll yon that if'penoni enter into an agreement or conlspiiacy, Es it is called in legal language, to defraud any orbon of fer Majesty'h ssbject not only in point of moraity bat also in point of lavw :- Is rn offence; aid,alluding to tha astract- of the iud:cment -which appeared upo,n the Cto,wn boo';, these two geatlenimi are ch,argedvwith navingentered intos.tonspiraey to defraud various classes of- Her Ma Jesty's sub.jechs and they are publioly charged ith hniDig- done so by the concoction of fal.se and fr.bricated acounts ,siid documents. Gentlemen; it is not necessary for me to aetlil to you the classes of per sons whom they are *lleged to, htve -intended-to defraud. The indictment will be laid before' jou, an you will see the casses of persons that arc there enumetated; andthe question you will have to decide bhans you come to consider tho bill of indictment to be'lid before you, is whether you were satisfied upon the evidence tbat thlcse two individuali did-enter into a conspiracy to defraud any of the classes of Her Majesty's subjects mentioned in the indictment, and, if you should come to the conlusion that they did, it will be your duty to find the bill. Gentlemen of the jury, it is not necessary and the law does not require, thbt there should be given, either before a grand jury, to enable them to fin!] a bill, or before a pett uq to onvict the person or persons dharged, direct, ad cotive idence of the conspiracy. lt is very seldom ossible .o obtain positive evidence that persons-bave entered iltO a conspiracy, for it is a crime planned in secresy; and, thetefore, nless one of -the con. spirators betray bis associate2 and come forwd as at approver, it would neverbepossible toget positive ordirect evidence of the entering into theconspiracy chare in the indictment. The lawdoes not (and indeed it would absurd) require positive evidence to that effect; but, gentlemen, the course that ordinarily is taken in cases of tins hind is to lay before the grand jury or petty jury the acts done by those alleged to be conspirators, and, what they have respectively done having beeni ascertained by the jury, the jury will then have to say whether they are satisfied, from the acts proved, and from the nature of them, that there must have been a common object entered into and intended to be effected by the persons accused of the conspiracy. And gentlemen, if by the acts that will be proved before you, you should bh perfectly satisfied that the persons accused had a common object-if yon ca.n collect from their acts that they entered into a conspiracy for any of the commor objects referred to by the indictment-and if you should be satisfied that the illegal objects were those stated in the different counts of the indictment, namely, the intention of defrauding various classes of her Majesty's subjects-supposing you should arrive at such a conclusion, it would be your dluty to find the bilL Now, gentlemen of the jury, I have alreadv told you that James Sadleir is not at present amenable to answer the charge of conspiracy if the eharge does really exist. Yeu will, therefore, in the first instance, direct your attention to those cases in which the parties are amenable, and not enter into the consideration of Mr. Sadleir's case, nor of the bill of indictment against him, until you have disposed of asl the others. Gentlemen, as soon as you have disposed of all the other billsto be laid before youvhich I believe can be done in a short neriod of time, and the business of the Court facilitated by this means-you will direct your attention to that for the conspiracy; and I have to request that some of your body 'will coee down and attend here during the flating of the presentments. " The grand jury then retired, and at 2 o'clock came into court, and found a true bill aganist James Sadleir on all the counts of the indictment. N;to doubt this finding by the grand jury of the county of whicl the accused is one of the members will be alluded to in the discussion of Mr. Roebuck's motion for the expulsion of Mr. Sadleir from the Homse of Commons. "The folovwing is an abstract of the indictment ":The firstconDt charged that John Sadleir, the deceased, --a JTames Sadleir, on the 11th of April, 185v, at Clonmel, conspired by false pretences and subtle means and devices to cheat osuh of Her M,jesty's subjects resident in England, as they milght be aU io induce to become shareholders in the Tipperary Bank of large sums r ... - "The second ccor.t was conspiring to cheat. the English parties by false pretences-that the paid ugcapital of the bank was 100,O0 I.-that all the shares had been issued, and were vested in bond fide shareholdera-andthat John Sadleir and Robert lKeating were then directors-they the said John and James Sadleir well knowig the contrary .to be the fact. "The third count charged that John and James Sadleir by false pretences conspired to cheat the depositors. "The fourth count alleged a conspiracy to cheat the depositors by the publication of a false balance-sheet, falsely I representing the paid-up capital of the bank to be 100,GOOt. "The fitht count charged a conspiracy to cheat by false pretetfes, that the bank was then solvent and able to meet its engagements. "The sixth count was for a conspiracy, by false pretences and subtle devices, to cheat the English shareholders of large sums of money. "The seventh and eighth countswere also to the effect that the conspiracy was entered into to cheat the En"lish shareholders, and the facts connected vith the false balance-sheet were specially set out. "The criminal business only occupied Judge Moore four hours, and this sufficed for the assizes of the South Riding of Tipperary, where formerly judges were detained for a fortnight investigating atrocious cases of crime." The Master of the Rolls having despatched all the business that was before him, and the sittings being adjourned for the long vacation, the scene of action, if not of interest, is transferred to the Court of Chancery. In the first place there is the appeal from the Rolls on the part of the official manager against the order pronounced in the now historical case of John Ginger and the Eniglish shareholders; and, secondly, there are appeals from the same court to the higher tribunal itt the matter of INIessrs. Vincent Sctlly, WlV}son lennedy, and a host of others who have been placed upon the list of contributories by the Master of the Rolls. All these cases were set down min the Chancellor's list for hearing yesterday, but in the absence of the two leading counsel (Messrs. Brewster and Martley, a postponement till Monday, the 20th of October, was mutually agreed to, so that until within 10 days of Michaelmas Term but little more will be heard (legally) of the great bank swindle. REPRESENTAON OF TIPPERARY. Another candidate has formally entered the list in the person of Major Henry William Massy, of Rosanna, a gentleman wvho enjoys no small share of general popularity in the county. 3siP4EIAIZSM VERSUS NATIONALITY. There is in the Nation of this day a contribution which, for' lack of more stimulating subjects, has elicited a good deal of speculative opinion as to the probable advent of a new phase in the Irish political horizon. The contributor is vouched to be " a man of Irish blood, intellect, and sympathies, who has been watching the Irish 'arlia.mentasy efforts of the last five years with constanl interest and from a peculiar point of view ;" and, as what the writer broaches has at least the charm of some novelty, with strong glimmers of common sense, it may be but fair that he shoiuld be heard by the Engolish' as well as by the Irish public. Young Ireland, lie says, is dead; but Ireland is alive with vital wants. The Independent party ean foever do anytbinlg for these w;ants. And lie adds .n' "Rebellion in earnest is a good thing. Submission in earnest is the next best thing ; and submission in earnest ought now to set in. I do not understand how1 pride, or honour can forbid to the rebel of 1848 to declare now for the Queern-God bless her-or other formula signifying.alleglance as a British Imperialist. The English submitted-lo the House of Hanover; the Scotch submitted to the Hbusd of Hanover;* why not tho-isis? Victoria, by the graceof God, is Queen of Great Britain and-Ireland; She is a stranger to Ireland; but let it be- reniembered there is not a drop of English blood in herveins, and Still ' onr Queen' is popular. The prince ofWales and the rest of the tRoyal famnily are pure Germans, and yet the English drink their healths vith three hree. The Scotch and Eng'ish are stubborn races, but have come to endure the adopted aliens and, if we cannot do better, let us do likewise. In this age we may get rid of'the phrase the 'English Governmient. Ireland may enter franly, with. ont reserve, without reticence, into the Britsh empire, and yet in no way become degraded into an English province Canada is British.. Australia is British. Scotland is British. What Englishman would dare to assert that theso are Englsh Is rland for the I;sh to be attained inainy niesmnnr--a 1- our. becmin inesl Bitish_ What if we could hiave self-government, and,~ yt hof that -empire which is enlarging in Ameci-ics and Australia, into a- grandeurf before whbich li~enicl and Austran empires a-rebut pima fbeadles-PWhat a countrj' wouild thou. be Ireland!, W at aree- wvouW then be for Irishmen! INow we isolate -- urrelves in this,- empire, of mingled raisI, our own beinig everywlaere in that eIMPire, just a5o -we: ask ouLr representatives 'lo. Iisolate -~themseives in. the-, Ipperial Parliament,,*bore 'thoy are tonsequently' eigarded Alg strangers,-an 'where they despise' themslve . nitnt hee aredwo ~trncs ~fEng1sh'co, lonztini -eand;- There it 'the' - Enlishchurh, amiad- tih'eris -z the.- Englis'h Iord-Lisis tenin;-TMi. we--not', hope, for- these -to isappea h,i No~aivha'~a arce~z'c#epefonLing.' What jbrilat Celtdintllets~n ~sgei~iis hents reflheredmwng~lhepubli men f- Ielandc Ye tee lu{oene et 6f,them iniz thacndii6r ~fabjct ireing oftheEnglish Hfomne-office,, liejuiinghei.wa~toglae, nd e divethe other- set-hf House of Commons- r.liy itsgir knowsi,Ista do Ij e'topli th ,lr . m fria-oy 'Ha .v6otlie.e ge6tl-emnb, D:yzeadZers of aelf-saippn ihng llinz to tbd intX . leets,tindtheyhbae-bht ahaae?O of min ta i fo ott . biHion, given Woofis aificing.of theirAdi tjoon toAa*lr counlty, toaffoxd 7o1110 to ei the priestsai4d aeo..-t.hat anohertothlydifemtgvniiusib Plyd?WihiAthey denr their. eonsciousnhes of thq groeqW smn,to oa amenaiy &ty-OCf-whicbf they. are tl;1lml ejii Epilolpie to ;a play of-)rionnieWts.. t'I~tto g'o,ouWa&1iI. e i thehouieand aiiockeriyijs f ' toterse the ordealwof *.e g "ntr;'a hen iot O.scientioua5y annooce,'t -s. * - '- vigilnt mainte o?tb6 oz*hdc d ofthem s h vi ar - sary irish, of desno the country no, 'ed~ Litr,? It Wmh-be AI grdA-sf' n obti thereiberforelan h andmerbon a to nd m ecome bers of tho Hikeothet Commoinsunffic thentygrund. c i. fCl M n b o ao ei m tes, alnd enter upon tlle priHgegaeos. Thpar'- e . isa meTat has allys hxs-ea aitina pubic l 'to muc inr- hii'e attained' the elub, oihstsov toeland taste "a ' ee 5 Hefrres ad to e.adoziely. Bot-sh Issn zfts;2 -ao'lock at iher becus iti o pto eltO13 itoe ais rl Brititihbi gnessally. Attpresentan lngals memndterotaamerb who ,as soitbe dhiiibte to themaeff ves, O palond a tiezr of D)tblii4 anid alwijs ensstk~an7 asrnmetyh,c"e time of the House' iseoccupied With Yat 3oalr of-'tle larged by Spooner, Napiper,e b to Mlor O ne ason of *~ nas uc out, thet tendesityofdine etee oiacrc t and tersonality; r to malee c forge t andt Et n in. suffcient eounds.- Mr. 'l a ron; byfinhuracy in the Pol i lock casel, buerinduced by-thati ho teme isinformltion warhich ih colde e vning,rislne*pap vr,inidm el then Huse ofCommon. Mr. aliesr will iever recoverithf bsnther r;ofinildng Ftrgertyldaacces tThe Irish npl member bersth shub, whpichitas enter.w to nst andate likes toe Ir£ conefered trom e hcuiey Bur t s gIriusthe lbrm j na is anop trhihcnuered behes iEgsht is no urdalt inth tas rtishbdai-m hlave the debates to themselves, and who never dream -of natppling to the House generally.t Yet the basta e of Irsa lsfoe better lsws rel lant-for the aboYition on he Ca S andthe church isn a efoughtin EngLandiamong Engrlshmhen. Was colonlfIlreform fought in-the c9ouaiis; Is justice to India acry raised in Calcutta, in MsArasoran Bombtay? It ist patat liberal party inlEngland, which iS not.Englisb, but British, which condemned the ronti-renclA war, which condemned the anti-Russian war, whicht has given seln government to the colonies, which is waiting fo1 univeirsal suffisge for .England,-that Irelandimust look; and it is ini the ranks ofthat partythat the Irish lpopular meinhers ehould explicitly enter. Against -what have the Irish contendedufromt he frst Against thednorSatuard.istocrcy whichi conquerd the English. It is against that goverming class that the Eniglish are also continding. In England aL nation is rising up that will destroy a casts~. Let us ally ourselves with that nation." THE FUNDS. Theepr Cent. Consols, 95J; ditto, for account, Au ut I, l)6 953 ; New Three per Cent. Stockc, 951 96; Bank Stock, 228; Dnblin- and Kingatown Bialw4ay- Debhentures; 4 per cenit, of 1001., -100; Hibernian Bank f251. pad),~ 31 ; National Bank (221. lOs. paid), 331 xd. and b.- Roryal Banik (101. paid), 221; City of DhblirF.Steam Fack-et Comnny (50?. paid) 32 -Dulbiin and Liverp-ool Steamship Buildin1g Cmp&any (501 Paid), 4G. Railways.-Corkan *BrandLon Eighths 5.1 per cent, prererence, 5A ; Irish SouthEastern (1IV. paid) for account, 6O ; Kihla.Tney Junction (10?. pad.l~ 4dadGetWsenadRoyal Canal (501. pi1,4;dtohafhrs(2.pad 27;- Waterford an ikny(0.pi) o con,5;Waterford and LieikSprcn,peeec 51 ad,46~; ditto, 6 per et rfrne(0.pi) 0 nRIsH BANK RETURNS. e munt of Bank-notes in circulationt, and of Coin AheMd during the four weeks ending Saturdny, July 5,
THE IRISH AfASTER OF THE ROLLS AND ATTORVEY-GENERAL. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TDIES. Sir,-Many persons have,been greatly surprised that, when the conduct of the Attozney-General for Ireland was being q lestioned and defended, neither that learned person hunrek nor any member of the House called attention to the fact that the Master of the Rolls is himself invesed with I,he full authority of a justice and conservator of the peace; and that, therefore, it was his duty, when the facts caine to his knowledge-which he himself declares that they did-to issue a warrant for the appTehension of James Sadleir, without wai.ting for the nction of the Govern- It is obvious that this point is of a highly important pracfical helirig. Every such fsmctionsaryis, jn.st as a coroner is, invested:with all thepowers, accompanied by the corresponding duties necessary to prevent the miecarrisgc of justice. It im iniportant to the public thht this should be known. Tbrus juti,ce will not he so liable to miscarry, nor re.ponsibility be so easily southt to be'shifted. Yours resnectifir-. T- R. July j - -
TO THE EDITOR OP THE TIMES Sir, -Lti the zoport appmiy; m 5j"hc n,nej of yesterday of the cause of "Fatrer v. Dain," heasd before Vice*Chincellor Kindersley on Thursday last, it is stated that MMss Billington, the testatrlx im the suit, ,cas the "'daughter" bf the celebrated vocalist. This is a mistake, as 2drs. Billington, the vocalist, and Miss Billipgton -were not inothei tad. daughter, but stood in the relation of sisters-Iaw to cach otler. I shall feel obliged by your having the error ieferred to orrected, or by your insertion of-this letter. T snn Sir, rAny nIhnliDnf cm-,,,,, X AAlES UT LE X Solicitor h. wn Q a B yBflington's Executolh. o . '5, Bd]t-ya-d, Dootore, commnon, Jt-1y 139.'
SPOPTING INTE2LLIGENCE. SALE OF TlORD EXVTF.RR sRTITM Lord Exeter's stuLd was for a second time put up by public auction on Thursday last at Starford. Tbe catalogue com prised 36 lots, but only five were sold. The stud horses were all bou-ht in, and not one of the foals found a purchaser. . Still there was no unusual lack of bidders, bet the reserved prices.generally were so high that the auctioneer was c6omelled to knock lot after lot down without effecting a trAnsfer. Of the stud honses Nutwith was bought in for 1950 "nineas. Of the brood mares, only Miantla was sold -Lora Londesborough being the purchaser for 300 guineas. The celebrated Pocahontas, the dam of Stockwell, Rataplaen and other turf celebrities, was lxiught in for 1,500 guineas. A remarkably fine yearling colt, by lutwith, out of Bocahontas, was knocked down at the reserved price, L050 guineas, but atterwards it was sold privately to Lord Londesboroughfor 1,109 guineas. The folowing is a list of the onlyr aiinimals sold:- j ~~~~~~~~~~~~~Guineas. MXfanda (a brood !are), by Laneroost, out of Celia, by Touchstono-Vanderdeckeu (sOd to ford Londesboroughl 330 A colt, by lNutwith, ont ot Poc bonu.9 bought in for 1,o51) gauiea, but arterwrds sold to lord AdAmboroug h for..l,o FrederiTk, by Melbourne- Youn Like It, by Tonb- stone jsold toolrd W. Powlet) . 303 Gourd (brother to C-bunt). by Nutwith - Gle (sold te Lord } andesburougb) . A colt. bY PhlSSon, - Clelia (sold to Mr. Sutton).. .. 3i
T-x A ;oIponwk.a- TuiTiE RoAS.-The Select Committee of the Honse of Commons have made their report. Imprssed -with the great inconvenience of the exstence of tollgates in the pDpulous distriots of the metropolis, and of the importanoe of providing, if possible, some mode of remedyng this inconvenience, the conmmuittee suggeat their re-appointment neAxtsession forthe purpose of completing the evidence. Asaproofof the greatness of the grievance complained of, .ve may quote the brief evidence of . Arthur Ashpitel, , Iarge ownes of land and house propetyia .Hiasltney.and~ Clipten.. -Jr& Ashpiteivol nteeed to give eviderse'before the comnittsej ad his statents appear'to have -produred a great iir pes± sion. He shows that -the vexatios -and-exorbitantRlls levied by the trustees of the Lea-bridge-road are -a-seriiui burdlen o his territory, and, in fact, eate toprevent the leasig of some of his property altogether, -the tollsAde+ terring Dersms from coming forward as tenants.- There is a toull-gte at the commencement of the Le,bridge-road, at Clapton, and within half a%iiile of. this the River lea is crossed by un iron bridge, where a second and rather heivy tollis exacted. Butit appersthattltetenants of part of 1;r. Ashpitel's property which is situabo between Gh.pton-gate iaid-the Lme-bridge-gate Are ccrnpclled-to -pTy'both tolls; although they do not go over the bridge at all, and dodot therefore derive the slightest ben-f1tir6mit. The bridge toll acts also as an absolute prohil-ition to building wliarfs intbe neighbourhood. Mfr. AshpiWel-has also propertv in the Tower.Hamlets which is equally injured bythie- tolls there levied; in fact, there are rox -nsny-gates hat-Mr.n Ashpitel, in driving- five miles, -is -often -obliged6to pay four gates-viz., the Lea-bridge-pa-t,thebclapton-gate the Balps7pond. -gate, and the City-rosid -or~-lew North-road gate.. A1easytell at Ball's-sond doeslnot cies- second gatce at Jalston, within aboult a telLs and a-half, an d 'if the itraveller try to evde this second toll by shb-road, he is stopped by a priiate tolbihr at Habknty, aetnpbyaspecial act of,Parliament. - -. - - -, *Rgrog3 ON- T Euf Ar:3;..-The be1eoi; 1om- mittseeof the gouse-ef- Lrds.bhas 2eported,oln the Bnr-ial, ~Aots t&hezfollowviii6~effect :-Trhey have:resolve&-'L. Tht - before thy ound is delarediit for !onsecration the'Bnrial ,beeides the external *sll . oril 'uivrnding -the wbole oemetery, provide a bounla tweenthe conse-
*N Gm:AN Mr,, it,,ot,. -!' I I . I E I I g , . i dJte i - ' ''i - -s 0-' i U 4 t '% - -- tej an&d wich i nthedialect -PL . eih -bomz the Transit47 eherWA7 _o Bete lTergimwxt; 4 rrivad- St- 7am enP -O nm, hnJsWto. -meased between the a2X the glhF ie ;R L_: ,4 result of two of the EMN-Jleriowl wd.i' dsL ral -4Eualtiesamsn, n aa.tlae bidi of ffi nii ere to blame in tsaffair - a4e n ayh<ike Jlay x-thywr etOte a- ;nuoe, rzepudiae ihe .deha fhup ot ayngcdJbeeollision5 > Friday e*eninEsnmore genefal engagemaeatiiud;ete -he ptiese-- At the north end clthe '- -14 cariteen, to mbichi large numbers of tlse-sues it is a: &the7carpenI7 Alint-iG, iR aii{re drinkingin thispliet,*4hen one ef mi6of -theTHighlies regiments, -the s93d we- belivee s -)ind'lo~ht-hei-beAt: *i~W tUfl-tigei osdtef .ngc.of she~|8r,who retrte nposdrn wstsh someit 2II0aiOn to tlae". " wbids they hud ot.the night. befort sttbe hands *~ the Itifes. -Teutix2kdehan&blood could not standthis,iad one of oeirate hor,d was so incensed-that he threw his. mug o beerine.o of the offending Sot, or -.neof i ikbretlrIim near him. ItMaty be jp~ U b eaIn the ia tempest, to. a rest the lightning ifst *coe, but w he m s ths insulted, ad Gm :to 'ttrow awab; bovdbeer,. mo-pwer o(n earth~oould Aved-tho aveg- chfel rom,hA sawart *rm, dlvei tO the ear the off, dng Ja g. -oLek asthoghtLthe cozafict becaiimei a,neali md ts ayonet -swon dt _i we I *atdIr"done7-oEa the rne-'hos .. nead -. h contest,- an boers of ne esent.' mann e ver t ad fin biesoo asrttheh o ." During thiite or foiurhou-cone ictlwssw ob;nfwithvigouronbohideds,"not35 -rIcsm e atdyfor Lnjtui mse ait reotaso f,hein,mandr- anything W rhichi tvhe uTy o theef6t o did nestas e -weapon--of ioffence, was -n*g1ecte~d.~--EairIY',inhe fray 1then S-Germanss eizedtheuissieads oaf iae Of ii+e ft thoe nen,. -bros them in -ie atrapled tem e u ndefo d * 43lRegimenta W le a moSt to theacene of the conflict The majority of the; men e st isb, 'and -illed ino epazageentto teir-valiant characiter to samy that Witi the. impulsiv feeiegs. ouf utheir fr theIyeejgerylyoined,bia. "row, the ike iwirich, they'ha not'seenszince thireveral exeriences iofDonnybrom k Fair. -t AXrengthithe' trrugh hin ero tnhe Germnan light cavalry, approachi ing in a threatening attitude, -led to a rnutaal cesaion bfr llotItiies, the whole of the pexties inwardly reoivingttat. the truc shotld be fbutz - Lasorb one, and that tfiqattaik: Ehouldberenewedon thedrst faourablAe opportunit. N~o-, to sunm un thecasui"e~o hi e,lof Al~ictt., Here we are lektentirely in-. the aark'. "Special 'Cone,I(n ente' are tabooed in the4 eap, and woe tothe~orderly whodares to give thealightestintimation of facts which, it. is considered discreet to kee-p quiet. We appYled to the, orderly of the 4lst Regitont resctingthe fate of the slic men -who, it wa-s statei-Iry- the- dAily-journals of :yesterday,. were in av ery precarious condition, and, with that amount. of edicial curtness wohich -we have ever lounic to increase im inten-ity as welhave dewcendedin'the scale of uilitarvy rank,. were told that we should have no information-that. he had be-en ordered not tolet any One-know anything of the jaffair-that, in point of fact- it was nohnusineas of the press-~ dfid not concern the public, andl that, moreover, the regimnentwas quite competent, t-o defend- their reputtation withouat. o ther assigtance IQo - doubt it mnay be considered goodi polcy n mliarycirle toallw xageraedrumourand rport to h cirulate by he prss, nasmch as it. the alis ofnewsaperreprts,andon -the weight to hts Tecommenits are, at all' evens uul;mltr e a sieat occasional errorso h rs,bti sormln choy ut toexos thircostat.blndes ndmourm oss te dsater ocasond b teir incaWaity. We have, then no filcal ccout ofthecasualties of the affray,oF' brdy ut we have gleaned a few facts which will afford smidaof its Character. General Knollys; on hearingof the disturbance, staxted-oif -immediately for london, miade areport to the Commandlerini-Chief, and received authority for the - imm6dste, removal of two thousand of the Germans,-'who left the camipryesterday morning at 6 o'clock-, and were conveyed to. I oihester. We learn, mioreover,that of thLemen conveved. I tothe osptal,four- a leat, wreatuel ildi h 41ii S.egiment was contined to camp during the day. Lieutenant-Ctolonel Godwin assembled the men on parade on. the following morniDg, and informed them that a most. searching investigation would be made into the origin of theaffair, and that he hoped it would tmrn out that thefair fame. of the regiment had not been sullied by any conduct on the. part of the men, calculated to-have led to the coremencement. of the attack. On calling the rol of the regiment there vere no men absent, but there were half-a-dozen at le Lst. who bore upon their persons the marks of the conflict, and as many who did not crry their medals, haviDg lost them hm the fray. Precautions were taken on Friday night to prevent. arecurrenceof tbeattack. About 9 o'clockthe Germaus. brolke through their lines and advanced towards the hats-of the 41st, bht the alarm being given the whole reTiment turned out -with fireloeks and fied bayonets, asu wrerformed in square, prepared to receive their comrades as the. most deadly of eneuries, The Germans, seeing the preparations made to receive them, did not venture to renew tlheattack, and retuxned quietly to tbeir huts, -which they left,. as we have already stated, yesterday morning to proceed toother quarters AL now is perfectlv quiet at the camo. Three regiments of infantr anived yesterday from the Crimea. They were the 95th, 44th, and 20th. The whole. of the camp is at present wel wortly of avisit. Almost every branch of the service is there represented, &nd the grea0t majority of the men are those who, by their endurance, their courage, and their discipline in the Crimea, have reallyadvanced the reputation of their country and sustained ihs military renown. There is not a veteran among their ranks. who -wil fail-to treat a civilian with courtesy and lindness or to whom lie will not most cheerfully talk of his -' hairbreadth 'scaperis flood anafleld," and whb will not feel .isspirit kmndle with renewed Ardour as hegfihts over again the. enssnguined battlesof the Alma, of Balakdava, andof Inkermann,
I P.ROMOTION BFY PIUCHASEB, TO TEE EDITOR OF TB: TlES. Sir,-Although Your "'Civilian" correspondent is somewhat unreasonable in expecting a "Colonel of Infantry 'to, answer his remarks upon anomalies which he supposes.to exist in the Cavalry, he has demanded from meexplKnation& in so marked a manner that I -trust ou,wMill allow me t endeavour io correct some misapprehension.which appeto exist in his mind. I have never maintained that "the system of purchase is as advantageous to men without money as it is to men with money," but I assert-and the "Civilian" has *ell and fairly stated my reasons for doing so-that their promotion is 3much more rapid than it would be if the system of purchase did not exist. They have also the advantage, after a. certain length of service, of realizing a sum of money by the sale of commnissions which ther have not bought. If the " Civilia " would do ine the hononr of readin, the -whole of raypamphlet, he would, I hope, see that myobjeothas been to suggest a plan which would secure to really deserving offcers, without money, a better prospec; of promotion than They at present possess, -without doing away with a system-which I belicve to be beneficewl to thecountry and to the army. Officers who cannot purehase are now promoted not only by death vacancies, but by those caused by augmentation and by brevet. I believe it is true that the adjutants and riding mastemr of cavalry are generally men who have risen irom the ranik. The reason why so few of them become field officers is, probably, that they are usually somewrlhat advanced in:life an& burdened with families before they obtain commissions, and that they prefer to realize a considerable sum of money by selling cut of their regimnents, to remaining upon the chaace of promotion, whi6h must t best come slowly, though more quickly than if purchase did notexist. Much as I honour officers who memerit lbas raised then2 from the ranhs, I-cannot--admit-that, as vnclass, they are: "allowed to understand their prfessicnlest, a'nd to-attend to it most tedulousy." I believe thit most commandiig officer of iiFantry tho 'under tad and perform ther'di d -properly seic6i as their idjutants gentlem2en by birth; I el very sure that all their offloers, non-commissioned officers, and men prefer tbat theY should do so; and there arc few iegiments in-which an abundance o- candidates, many'toE them youisg men oF family anid fortune, axot 7to-h fOU1nd in every-way well qualified for the appointment. They are respected by their men, not because "they ride 200 guinea horses, nor beciise " they dzive four-in-hand,"I nor even because they resteeplechases, but because, l.ke a11 well-educated gentlemn, they arejust, manly, and coni aiderate to-tbeir inferiors. SSuchae, and-always have been. the - adjutants of the lirigade of Guard, and even " A Civilian'" must zadmitthat ncoof ficers eist- more generally intelligen,t and more devoted.to their professinIl. - If. as the " nCivilian"' states, r, colonel o cavalry mus; hiave oOI per annum, besides his-pay, and fionri4,000I.-to SWOOOI. suk nthe ipurchase o f.conunissions the evli is a. serdousone, aid requiri a-check; hut the:reguatiouprice oE a lieutenant-colonelcyof Dragoons bieing iId ' inre tia ;,OOOI., such an abuse, prolibited as it is by iw not-be iy gitedas an argimm c agag,na thci3egalied asvstemfr purchase. TUeheonu fb'.k W -'rhae - - Ilsve thebonoor to be;* L z=- *- ~ >; - - - Y-~ our shedi.,st qirvant : COLONEL OF z...... , "dY;i ? ? ? I. 1. .? . .? . ; ---" ; - Roiii} C T b I77sentleme-b,vn 3kd igoi.te>ezftypDni themned:~ of tseO a*tEzaxurs onl -th lbth: inf; Me.;. '-itlSEeE:' Ba,t1h,seorg rhom :Bi,Ngav ov2b o~i Xa:] tJaev&n 8IilweI1, E9san- '~c,-I gonrgo? eygrfL-,W A- oi, Fzandc iBt IC= . G.ort.] Xootrism,"o lix. j 2 , . W o- l d4w^i i ' g dipl oftama . O Eurgon. -:4 ' - X -0
A. OY-XABKBTaI4 CITYINTBLLIGINCE. TEe Engil funds have been.teady.Etlenoug.oif ese ay d although the baa been-no-actual *change ina 3rsc the -tone, of -the market irndicates a, tendency tt> nprqaementZ Consols' opened at ~95- 'to i,foit idney, ind.954 to' i-for-the account, and emainedU wfit;hout alteration upr t& theU close of buIucss.- SThe fllsaticons 'of - hBe day were ulnim'- rtnt. a Stok lef.of:at 216 to 21s; :Redl<,>9 to: 90; New- Three per- Cecta., 96,5 to t; Ann dtses*, 30 yeas, IS ti ;._Consol Scrip., * to 4preiiniuni; fIndia'Stock, 233 to .236; Lndia bond^,, -21a to '24s.premum ;ad mExchqquer-bihlli 20s.to-2' .premium. : Mlioneyis abundant iri the'Stock'Exclfange at 3* per cent. onshogt,loans. In the.diqcount market {hexateis.3, e -t ' d Foreinn 'securities havebeen steady,'with a niderate anonit of- buainess. Venezuela exhibited an imp nt'ovEmtnofabout I per-cent., transactions 'in 'he -Active hbsiim takeii place at 31k, 31; and 32'for the account r d .1in- the:I?efebrid at 13 and 14. TheFe- was,an-boence of business in-Guatemala, ot-ithEitdhing- the appea"raiice.of the proposal for a settlement':of thedet Tdkldish Si. per Cents. for znonoier-ore negotiated at 104; and for the ac-aunt at 10*'und- -- The *Four per Cents. guaranteed -were purchasbeL at 106%; Thb general transactions comprised-Buenos -Ayres, for- the account 87. Grenadr-New Active, 19-; the Deferred, 7i; ikexican for. the account,, 23; Peruvian, for account, S1 ; thiq Thee per' Cents., 57; p4skaan Four-and-a Balf perients., for money,' 99 and 98; the Small, !S ;1&tdiiain-FhFei per Cents., for account, 92nnd-;-Spassssa.New Deferred, 23g. The final-quotations of the French Three per Cents. oen the Paris. Bourse this evening were 70f.9oc. for both money and account, showingn a further dedine of an eighth. -The markets at Anm:sterdnm anl Vi7enna remain inactive. It has transpired that vithin the past three weeks -aples bas' accorded perfect reciprocity, including the privilege of indirect trade on the same footing Aas the national flag, to the shipping of Sweden and NorWay, ISardi4ia, Prussia, and the German Zolvereim. The sglish flag reriains subiect to a high *differential'duty on goods if not exported to a direct . port in Engl0and, althoulgh we have a treaty of reci, procity with the most favoured nation clause. Under -these circumstances great dssatisfaction is expressed 'by the mercantile houses coneceted with the com'mere of Nples, but it is assumred tUPt the matter 'is r&eving prompt attention from the British Go-vernment. A new treatv between the two countries ihas been for some time in negotiation, and, although the Neapolitan Government at -the present julncture 4ire probably inclined to interpose obstacles, it is not likely that any unjustifiable delay will be tolerated. The Committee of Spanish Bondholders, of which Baron Rothschild was the head, have announced the discontinuance of their functions, the question of the certificates for the confiscated Coupons alone remnaining to be dealt with, and the certificate holders having thought it expedient to nominate a committee froma their own body. Most persons will consider it would have been better for the caulse if the parties interested had endeavoured to retain the influence of the original committee:- " St. Clement's-lane, Lombard-street, July 15. The Committee of Spanish Bondholder,, elected in 1S50, resolved at their last meeting that their committee -should be dissolved, anid that they should no longer continue to efercise their functions. " It has afforded satisfaction to this committee to perceive tihat their exertions have been of some avail. They recom-mended the adoption of the settlement proposed in 1851, sinice which tinme the engagements entered into have been punctuzally carried out. They at the same time protested against the corfiscation of the half of the overdue coupons, and issued -their own certificates for them. During these five years the ncommittee have been in continual correspondence with the Government, and have never allowed an opportunitv to pass without endeavouring to obtain from them,an acknowledgment of their claims and the settlement of these certificates. The Minister, however, only lately stated in the Cortes, in answer to a qtuestion respecting that portion of the Spanish debt, that a hst and proper opportunity -will come for the -consideration of that question. " The certificate bolders having now elected their own comasittee. and the opinion having been expressed that the interests of the certificate holders would suffer if the two conimittees existed, the course as stated above has been decided upon, which the late Committee of Spanish Bondholder, trust will be for the interest of the Spanish Certifi-cate-holders. "T. S. COLLETT, "Secretary of the Committee of Spanish Bondholders." The railway meetings of the week have not been numerous. 'The shareholders of the North British Company have agreed to a series of resolutions cancelling forfeited shares, creating new capital to the exteht of 225,0001., and proposing to allocate the stock amnong proprietors holding 1001. and upwards. The agreements with the Selkirk and Galashiels and the Jedburgh branch have been approved. It was stated that the new capital will clear the company of liabilities, and place the directors in a comparatively independent position. According to the report of the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshi- Railway the dividend proposed is 5s. per 1001., or at the rate of one-halt per cent. per annum, leaving abalance of 2,0481. to be carried forward. At the Great Luxembouirg meeting the report and accounts were adopted. The points brought under consideration were the completion of the works, the Grand Jumetion concession, and the payment of the 51. uncalled. The Royal Swedish :Railwav have published a further report from Mlr. Mtiller on the position of the undertaking, in which it is stated that the Swedish Government will not only abstain from taking any advantage of the circumstances caused by the defaications of Sadleir, but are desirous of promoting its resuscitation as far as possible. Favourable statements are at the same time given writh respect to the condition of the wAorks, and likeweise of the prospects of traffic, if the shareholders and public should accord at once the requisite pecuniary support for completing the line. The shipments of specie by the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Indus amount to 342,2851., of which 5,2001. is gold for Alexandria, Suez, and Ceylon; and 337,0851. silver, for Bombay, Madras, and Calcutta. The specie movements of the wveek have been remarkable. The arrivals have amounted to nearly 1,400,0001. The exports, including the above sum to India and China, have reached 1,600,0001., owing to the renewed purchases of gold at a loss by the Bank of France. The annexed information relative to the progress of English mnining adventure is condensed from the A[rinin Jousrnal- " The number of heavy shares daily forced upon the market has caused a further decline in prices. Many circumstances have cowbined to bring about this state of things. At WhealBullermeetinga dividend of 151. per share was declared. At the Newtonards meeting adividend of 11. was declared. AtWestWhenl Darlington meetingthe accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 94. ; a dividend of 17s. per share was declared. At West Basset meeting the accounts showdo a balance of 4,5131.; a dividend of 13s. d. per share was declared. At Wheal Tremaynenmeeting the accounts showed a balance agsinstthe mineof10999). At Sotith Cuddra meeting the accounts shovied a balance in favour of adventurers of 1311.; a call of 2s. per share was made.. At Great Wheal Vor meeti-ng the accounts showed a balance at bankers of 1,956O.; resolutions were passed for the issue of 17,778 new 61. shares, at 31. each. At Wheal Viay meeting the acconnts showed a balance against the n me of 6671.; a call of 11. 5s. per share was made. At W-heafFranco meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour- of adventurers of 1181.; acalof 21. per share ras made, payable in two instalments. At flalamanniag a.nd Croft Gothal Consols meeting the accounts shiowed a blance atbankersof 8921.; acallof30s.per share-was made. At South Car Brea meeting the accounts showed a balance to next accQlimt of 2261.; a call of 5s. per share was made. -At West Crinuis meetizg the accounts showed a balance of liabilities over assets of 1,6.521.; the directors were authorized to issue 3,C00 new sbares, at the rate of 21. I0s. each. "AtTowan meetingthe accounts showed a balance against -d enturers of 156. At Lelant Conse?Is meeting the oa- Xuant staowed a balance against the 7mniDne of lG1I.~ WtEas frefusii bleating the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 88.; a call of 1ls. 6d. pea share was made. At St. Aubyn!aiid Gryll meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 2221. AtDevonand Courtensy meeting the accounts showed a. balnce against adventurers of 224E. At Wheal Crebor meeting the accounts shbwed a balance of 731. cash in hand. At Tees Side imeeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 1541. a P. call of ls. per shar& was made." - With regard to' foreign miing advejiture the foljowinga, erazzaph only is worthy of extract:- "A t ,ouvelle MontagueMining andSmelting meetingtho irenort statedshatthe production for theyear 1855 was -zine, 2,232 tons; lead, 445 tois. The net profit for the year was 409,503f_; a dividend of 9f., 'pay3ble 50f. (21.) on July 1, and 40f. (il. 12s.) on'Decembei 31st next, was declared. The remander was applied for the extinction, of the works' 2account,- remunerati,on of directors and officers of the company, and in6reasirig the -reserve fund. At Port Royal meetini it-ws agreed o to disuolve tf e coumpany. At the Anglo-C ifornsn meeting itewas reolved tb5t the direc1tos should,be empowered to-call upon the shareholders for a eontributifon of 2a. 6d. per share, and inthe e1vint of this not being responded to that they shoulid be enarlbled to dispose o f the property.,", - . - -- - .- -V. Tan M'AmS>.-The Royial snail steamshlip Ata-oia: ,gailed frius L.ivrpool on Saturday for New York, with :14. tsseagert6, fulloaIrg,o, and the uzsual snails, -
RAILWAY INTErLIGENOE. I . I,ONDON END SOUITH-WESTERN. in addition to the ordinary business of this company on the 7th proxinio it is proposed to submit for the consideration of the shareholders the creation and disposal of a debenture stock to be applied in liquidation of the company's existingdebenturedebt; theleasing jointly withtheLondon Brighton, and South-Coast Railway Company, of the Winbledon and Croydon Railway; and the concusion of arrange. ments for working and maintaining the intended branch railways to Lysnington, Blandford, and Salisbury market, when completed by their respective proprietors. The nunmer of miles run during the half-year by the engines was 1,270,976, of which 924,385 miles were 1-n by the trains, and 346,591 miles by the engines in piloting, shunting, marshaUing, and running empty. The average weight of cole consumed p.er mile was 23 091b. The cost of locomotive power per train mile was 11-83Sd., including 2-747d. for repairs, and 1 016d. for renewals. The expenses of the carriage and waggon department per train mile were 3 089d., includinrg 2437d. for repairs, alterations, and im. provements. The cost of maintaining the company's permanent way, works, and stations was at the rate of 1591.16s. 11d, per mile for the half-vear, of which 241. 17s. 9d. was for additions and improvements. The coaching traffic charges amounted to 1V1596 per cent, of the receipts, and the goods traffic charges to 22 397 per cent. of the receipas. OXFORD, WTORCESTER, AND WOLVERRA MPTON. A special meeting of the Worcester Chamber of Commerce was held at Worcester on Friday, Mr. E. Evans in the chair, to consider the propriety of Lexpressing the concurrence of the chamber in an application made to the directors of this company by the resident shareholders for adopting WVorcester as the head-quarters for transacting the general business of tho company in fnture. It was stated that the GuildhaU would be placed at the use of the company when required, and, after discussing the matter, a resolution in favour of the proposition was unanimously adopted. KENDAL AND WINDERMERE. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on Thursday at lKendal, Mr. J. Whitwell in the chair. The Secretary read the report, which stated that the incom!e of the company, including rents, during the past half-year shows an increase over the same period in 1853 of 445l., and although, fr.omu the high rates of interest on loanss there has bceen an increased payment of 1261., yet, as the expenditure under the heads of locomotive and passenger charges and permanent way shows a decrease of 551., the cirecters are able to exhibit a balance of net profits of 6811. on the half-year as compared with 2411. in 1855. There was no decrease in the nzumber of miles run by the conapany's trains. The directors suggested that a dividend of 3s. per share for the half-year, amounting to 6701., be declared, leaving a balance of ll. Out of the gross profits of the past 12 months, amounting. to 2,323l. (equivalent to lls. per share), they projposed to divide only Ss., leaving a s lrplus on the year of 61 1. towards the purchase of a, ntw engune. It may be satisfactory to the shareholders to know that the very detailed accorLats kept of the workmng expenses of the line prove that the employment by the company of its own engines is a prudent, and, as compared wsth the tenders to perform the duty made by other parties, a very economic prceeding. On the motion of the CHAiR3sisN, resolutions were passed adopting the report, and declaring a dividend of 3s. per 251.-share. Messrs. Whitwall and Davy, the retiring directors, were re-elected, and also Mr. P. Kennedy, the retirnng auditor. The proceedings terminated with a vote cf tanks to the chairman. LONDON, BRIGHTON, AND SOWEU COAST. The capital accountof this companyshows tbat7,800,00&. is the total arnount authorisedto be raised by thecompany's acts, and that 7,784,661t. had been expended to the 30th of June last, leaving 1b,33SI. nexpended. The amount of calpital.raised on shares tad leans to that date being 7,751,0151., there remains due on capital account 33,646r. l'he,re.venue account for the haif-ycar enneng the- 30th of JTune showed that 342.6761. had beeis received, including 2,80. forrents, 3,0421. for wharfs, axt 75,4251 for gcods and cattle. Thework-ing expenses amounted toolo,7931.; including 11,9581. for rates and taxes,-and 10,5211. for Government duty, leaving a balance of lS6,g851. To this sum is dded 3,72N1., maingl9O,6051. Out of this05a is deducted 73,3531. interest on loans and preferenxce shares, 1,0001. Tent of EastGrinstead Railway, and S61. rent of Wimbledon and Croydon Railway, leaving 115j6821. available for dividend upon 4,6tS,5b3L consolidated stock, of which available sum 115,4611. will be abEorbed, and there will remain 2191. for tile next account. -IRISH RAILWAY RETURNS, SADE Up To TAEeXor1.t DATES AZ MMM 188 1555. NameOfBsilWay. . K £ S. d. Bdf.U and Batlsinena, ,July 12 .. .. 1.0.... ,OS12 7 .. S7 8 1 5 BgdCt ad zColluntDowo. July 14 .. 314 0 0 ,, 812 0 0- Cork 2Saudo,July12. ,. 2S 10 a .. 240 6 7 Cork, Blackr kcl.andi e,Ju1y1 ' 2721711 ,, 240 5 G Dubl' and l2ln1w.-Jnly . 1,54 4 1 ..1,210 6 1I uMblil. s 3 dVickloir,Jay1.003 7 4 .. 43019 5 DebUss and Belfast .uncucon. July 13. 1,178 15 8- . 1,286 14 7 ' teton 03ay IaSnch '. .. -0IS 0 . 99 0 0 DiibljlbanDcotheda. Julyl3.. .. 1,720 4 3 ..1,186 S 5 DlitdaLk and Xinskidlen, Julj 13 .?. 427 15 6 . 273 15 .Oieslt8otheunndweistena J l jV.12 8.29t I s 8. 7,010 . :2 jeiabuth- July 12 . 211 10 6 .. .30313 9 111 Juac.tarnly 12. >.. .. 603 15.6 _, .423 411. ILedenden0and4.ne a2. J . 418 s .68i 5 2 .4ODdoV4Mry4iL Je t... 261511' ,, 2 1 -33 JxandGffces4s JW 1.3. ., 4,009 9 s . 2,3SI 15 9 , July11. - - ;: . - *1.42 9 4 - 1,3V6 111t Wszotadord sinS ki11n~,n . .3si12 -. 3ssi 7 2 .. 263 91G
.., - -?4 il, !? o , ? I t vr- ?' ,?- , I -? Lx, ATZ? I -? - ~ ~ MANCH~E8ETER, -JuLy 19. The M is a mnofn bj -,doing;inciots,6 a4 the X orders,u a?lcau . atihou aa, -wi.l. th e abene' of stocks, enabla sellers to maintain prices with much atedi, ess.e The producers of. lozgelollsx and, low qualities T-clohs, are- still ¶reekingj at ni tiv'w t aaod 'a Considera be vsxtet of demntd would be tomary to. PlIc t,6hem msa'Ter oiin Ta siftrytteo tradeo Di- tbee goos hias cauaea sev iral uaink tUirrsto tin.; their loomsn to-the. wprodctionrdf otherfabuirs. :In narro,w,printg clotha there I.been. ather;more buainess, *randit of thesfibr ifarjerru i ii prloe: Inlidiasirt. 16g8thGbWn e dain & keeM i down' toe 4 "afor some of the finer. narrow akdstsas zther.e hac been ui~cient demand For yarni tere is If rath qsiimabe,a su ries d am e not so finnm 4iwin-A?th , In som,e, intnces rather lower pnces taye been taben. Spinners, however,are mostly well engagel -hTifSiiresalluded -o-instheireportof Tuesay have, causedwa -saenatie - :The liaNlitias of Maewrs. W: t - iand Co., were 9,(O. ihol bu 3,(M , of 9sethP'3¢ ,- -oe 43tl:o,ay , abou&t of Ises !tssrs. Lwea nd'I.we; of Xiiicheder, cosnmasion ;gents,- -wbo atopped iu come. nence. of this failur*, are in- about the- sane noStion tamn ' reditos h' tbe liabilitie were6tat gsfolli-Bilis bd oqueatiow 4O 00;ti WziglWs bills t-o Alin Npmn, ofjUepo;esos~b Lowe, and w , Lwe prt o s l 'Marriott ind Uo,gsIaarntbel by owadLwe 8OOO&. open debOf1 OO.-total,,OO3. a aexl0vo 2,OW.i.on bills wlmich iwihl-be paifThe atset,in stock. and'debts;- are estJimated a tabott - aut As- stated on Tuerday, several ther'W stoppages amongspnuesareting place as the' resuln of tthme disastrous failures. One oE tbese~ B~ater andic CO.,, are saidUt oive nely5.O.Ato ' retner is reprte that thee sx f here, besides that: of 2 rit, at Liverpool, .xllKconsequent -pon each other. BIRMINGHAM, JrLY 19. All Accounts represent -the ron trade: of South Staffordshiretobeinanimate. A-few ordershave-recently beenro-eeived 'from the Uhnited States, butgenerdlly appearanoesare .7ot 'so encouraging as: they wer6 threii weeks and a month ;o.The frt mkera contiaihe to be well employed upon o dcontracts at quarer.day.prices, hut-manufacturersof inferior qualities are extremelyislack, and are offering their ironxat considerable reduction.: The -abufdalitstppnly of coals now in the district'renders sales dull, and h}* ieady it iS' said driven: se-eral' dealers out' of the mairlet. _3he{'demand for domestic usi, owing to ithe season, is limuted.; but' re iratioGs are making, upon an -extensive scale, to supply ondon, and the- Southern and Western counties, datmg the winter months. '"he reports from the manufacturing districts contiguous. to Birmingham represent many of the heavy foundries to be well engaged upon contracts, chiefly local; but nerali- business is anot over active. The ir6nwuIk requir efor te re-buildingof Coventgarden Theatre (whsich is to be fire-proof), the contract for vhich has becn obtained by Messis. Fox and Hen,dersonwill, foF some time, to come, 'rendei the London Vorks at Smetliwick somewlat busy. Thehollow-ware manufcturers at Westbromwich are moderately well off for orders, buat the greater portion ol them are said to be for abroad. The engine-making branch is, however, slacker. Every species of manufacture used, for marine purposes or in shipbuilding is, as compared with *hat it was immediately preceding and during the continLance of the war, dull and inactive. Excception may perhaps be taken in favour of iron and copper tubing, imusernnso uantities of which, in all times and sea. sons, are required for the repairs; if not the make, of locomotive and marine engines. The chaina aid cable malers at Stourbridge begin to participate in the general dulness, but they feel it less than other branches of local manufacture. The nail business is, owing to severe competition; depressed rather than otherwise. Prices are so low, even for cut nails; that the article is almoist profitless. The screw trade is better, 'and appears subjected to less competitien. There 13 -no improvement in the edged-tool business; foreig77 orders are extremely scarce. Tho varied manufactarei' of Birmingham are quiet, and, were it not for sliliht stir in the German trade, they would be unusually so. It is, however, thought that there are some indications of improvement. CommerCal men who have recently returned from the manufacturing districts of Lancashire state that the demand for Birmingham goods is better than during the earhier Dart of the year, and reports of a similar nature leave been receved from towrns furth'er north. The lamnp and gas chandelier branches of the brass foundry trade: are flat, an,l orders for these descriptions cpnnot be expected to aziy great extent before the ensuing month. The same mayy a said of the gas fittings generally; but some manufacturers are turning out an average amount of work. There is little abaliement in the demnand for portable forges, and contracts for the supply of thoie r..ticles to the Arsenal at Wooluich are continuous, althou-h not to the extent they were during the war. The mangacturers of carpenters' tools (heavy steel toys) are many of them in fair work; but the lighter branches complain of a want of orders. At the Chelmsford Agricultural Exhibition it is stated that the demand for hand tDols with modern improvements was very goed, and that considerable -quantities of all descript;oo were purchased by foreigners. XOJTrINGllAZI JULy 19. Manufactarers of lace continue to be well employed, particularly in the plain net department, of the lower and medium qualities of which there is still a great scarcity. There iss a fair auiount of businessdoing in other things. A few Canadian buyers have arrived, aud several large orders for plain goods have been received from the United States. In the hosiery branches there is scaroely so much doing for the h(ome supply; but there appears to bemore shipping orders. The market is ouietg though firm in tone. 5Ve. are now just betwveen seasons; when we rasv expectto be dull. Considerable preparations appearto' bemking fas theautumn;-indoed, rnuny-oirei for ointar godahii already been planted. Prices of all descriptions of frame. work-knitted fabrics are gradually creepin" upwards Cotton retains its price. Spun silk has again advanced LEECESTER, JULY 19 There is no improvementinthehosiery trade. The inquiry for worsted and woollen gooas, usial atthis period,bein the season when goods for autumn consumption are in demand, is limited. The hosierytrade in the conntrydi'htrict3 is also dull, but numbers of the op,eratives will shortly find employment in the harvest field. The.wool.market is firmn with a slight tenc.ency to advance. LEEDS, JULY 19. 'There has been no particular feature in to-day's mark-ets in the cloth-halls. At the opening of the current London sales of colonial wools, no decided tone having been manifested, the demand for cloth has not, apparently, been at all influenced by prospective views as to a change in prices. Altogether, the markets have been steady. Small quantities of light fabrica move off, but the bulk of the demand is for the heavier kinds for autumn and winter wear. Stocks are within a reasonable compass, and, if care is'used on aU sides, they are calculated to keep the supply anld the demand in due proportion. The manufacturing operatives and the artisans of this locality are in the enjoyment of a faU share of work, with the exception of 'those engaged in different branches of the iron trade, which is rather slack. Tihe reports from Bradford and Halifax, as to the worsted trade, show there has been a slight improvemient in the demand for goods; but complaints are miade of the high price of wool, compared with what is realizable for yarn. Not much business has been done by the local wool brokers; as buyers have been waiting for the progress of the colonial sales to form' a criterion of p rices. At the York and Northallerton wool sales this week there was a tolerably ready market for all tLe English offered at former rates. DUBLIN', JuLy 19. The state of trade has been dull, but a fair, sound business has been trausacted. Smithfield market, being fully supplied, was considerably lower, notwithstanding the usual demand was increased by English buyers. The Customs' receipts for thevreek were 19,8761. against 20,8501. Lat week. Without :remarkable animation in the share-market a good deal of business has been transacted at firm, and, in some cases, rather higher prices. BELFAST, JULY 18. Iarzym.-The linen trade of Ulster has not varied since the commencement of the month. A steady business was done for the American market during the last and previous month, and stocks decreased largely. Orders are still on hand equal to keep up a brisk trade for some time to come. Brown markets were moderately active last week. Tandragree was better attended by buyers, and I.urgan next day had a' fair sample of supplies in the several classes of goods for which that market has become noted. Ballymena presented a fair show of'webs, with less activity in purchases, except for goods suited to the foreign market, which brought full rates. Yarns are in better demand. - - FLAX-Hand-scuitched flax is about 6d. per stone under former quotations. iled, of very fine quality, sold in Armagh-last weekr at lls. per stone, and for some lots of hand-scutched l7s. 6d. per stone was obtained. Thegrowing crop exhibits a satisfactory appearance COTToN.-The cottoti manufacturing interest is in a less active state. Even the market for raw material is not in its ordinary con,lit&eo, and transactions fall under the 3owest point of thte season. In the s-ale of very coarse fabrics, taken for export, a fair amount ef business is done, and the market holds a fim postion.
EXTri-sIvE FRAUIDS OW THRF. ExCisE.-It was stated in The Thmes about a month ago that a quantity of unstamped paper, supplied from the paper rmill of Mr. Sy ington, of lic-l Friars, had been seized by thu officers of the Inland Revenue in the neighbourhood of Barmsley, Rotherham, Doncaster, and Tickhdi. Since then further seizeres have been made, and the case4 against Mr. Symington came on for hearing at the West Riiig P.etty Sessions, held at Doncaster on Saturday. The infornatiosi was *very volruminous, containig not less than 18 counts, and ihe enalties sed for amounted in the zgregate to 16,300. The magistrates on the bench were Xr. R. IH Wrigbltson, Mfr. J. W. Sturges, and Sir J. Morley, Knight. Mr. hi. M.Moxon, surveyinggeneralexam,inerof excise ;and Mir. T welly, assistnt so]iitor tothelnlnd Pievenuel)epartment, attended in support of the prosecution. The defendant has been ca-riing on business as a paper manufacturer on a moderate scale, st Tickchill Friars, about eight miles from Doncaster, for some time past, and he is already ruined by the proceedings taben against him in this instance. The frauIswere first discovered by an excise officer obtaini.ng possession ofsome unstamped paper sold by the defendant, and, a vigilant search being inAstituted in the meighbourhood of the towns above-mentioned, the. materials for -the numerous counts in the information now presented were collected. The 1st count charged the defendant with having, on fte 22d of Februwry last, fraudulently altered the num-bers on certain eams of paper sent fronbis mill, from 61b. to C01b., afber the paper lad been weighed and the daty charged by the revenue officer, the penalty for which vas 201. The 2d and 3d counts charged him wvith. having altered the numbers of 20t) reams in a similar manner, whereby he had incurred a penalty of 4,000L The 4th count charged him with haring substituted 100 reams of paper for that passed by the excise, and heavier than it, the penalty for which was 2,0001. The 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, and 9th counts clarged him. with hnving sold 500lb. of paper, 1001b. at each time, before the dut had been charged neon it, the penalty for which was 1,59}.W The 10th counftharged him with having made a false declaration to the supervisor of excise, to the effect that nopaper had been sent out of the mill without being duly charged with the duty, the penalty for which was100L The 1lth and 12th counts charged the defendant with having sold six reams of paper with a counterleited mark and impression of a oerain tamp on. tie ra per, the penalty for which was {,07. The 13K and 11th counts clarged him; with the same o:fenoe at other dates, whereby he had incurred further penalties to the amount of 5,0001. The 15th1 eount charged the defendant with haTijg iltered the deaomisnation of the weights on two otber reams, the jenaity for which was 40L The l6thcount charged him wth.havig sold IODib. of paper without the duWtjaving been charge thereon, the penalty for which was 3UL -The 17th coust: cargedhinm with havingaltired the dut on five reams of peper afterit -had been charged Ix7 the excise, thie pe.alty fcr.- bIct was 1001. :The last count charged -him wLth hbsing:sold l0Olb., of plper in a similar manner, the penalty for -his offencebeing 30. The defendant, b;y the advice of his soli,itor, pleaded guilt, to all the counts. conversation betwecix the bench andthas6upporters of the informbation followred, the :3d and 4th count5 were withdrawn, and the .enalty of the 2d countwas reduced to 1,0401. The bench then lUitigatea the remaningpenalties to one-fourth of the aggregate amounf-siz, 2,81218. The Commissioners for Inland Revenue have the power of diminishing the perAlties stll: furtlier. EXcnmG u NiEws zOx :BEAVyR sLAN-D.-Tha Detroit-Adrertiser gives an account of the arrest by the deputy-sheriff of acldnav County and h;6 posse of a number of Mormons at Beaver Island, iho were accused of setting fire to soime, houses, oomittig thefts and cther depredationson other portions of the iland. At Beaverhr'oir fiAve men :were arrested mi taken oa-'boad the. steaner, chargedwithhtbeft, &c. Weawere able tolearn but two of their rnes. They aFre ield and Rriggs. Considerable resistanoe was offered, and it was aot until the zxmea posse with the a1ieriff levelled their weapon s to firn upon. thenm thit they submitted. IVV. -waking - thee arreate another man, -whose uame is SasoWeWright, inteifered to' prevent the azerts being made. He dr.wr a piatol nt one of the officers, but it Was i vaedaLy i-taken from 3im, and lhe -was ken on board ith &- other prioners. The six were -brouglit to hlaUliAaw , aad are mo0w con- fined at that place. It --wa ikbsht that Strang, who: was zecently sbot by sonw of .wi n s&,, coud-auoVi possibly survive. His lower liU from bs-ai Mmdownwrere e:ntirelyprlyz easd. -Ih iei-po itcSl sc ttbt isthought to` ave been-lu ae*t Iy.te Mormonsti,intim}idate peopler 1tosn cama theie to wake arrests. Thet two men vwlo shot Stsaag ila, went up on, tihoKiga and returned *tp w. C a oex utw prevails sit Washini fsbgtei}on harbor.aguins Strung and.hia fdih--e,id amd forces are fiug £out. at both place . - fotee. of goig {o Berr-harbour Itoznakearet A ocuaan ii00ms as tirmedy farmed Iat WlashingtnEarbou^, a.aeoapanyof 150 At]acflaW. Theywould lot oalid with iai}ert. WkF. De Tour, twai whiclilIAd iegaouAifroa -linm som ti5GYia,5l7e Btraagadad e .d i that: h -,,, rs ylation-fm rGod; - ht lb. -Ufaiit;o9-. Stales' eJ I Miczhia:wu * tsyg| -1. c u, edt ,the* pgs ei f 81, ; t ae., M. . -s; R.g.>vt<
LORDO1X; MONZDAY, JULY 21, 1356. We shall have occasion in a few days to give a history of the session which is just closing, and to offer an opinion how far the two Houses of Parliament and the Government have discharged the duties they have uadertaken; but we cannot prevail upon ouraelves to wait for that period in order to express our wonder at the easy or rather careless maimer in which business of the utmost importance is disposed of, and measures upon which public opinion is nearly unanimous, and to which no serious opposition is to be apprehended, are dropped, merely because the hand of Government seems too listless to hold them any longer. " The children are come to "the birth, but there is not strength to "bring forth;" the arrow is laid in the bow, but there is not energy enoug& to draw it. Our enterprises of great pith and moment are not " sicklied o'er with the pale hue of thougqht," but given up, to avoid the trouble of thinking abou't them at all. It is not irresolution, it is not cowardice, it is not stupidity, it is mere lstlessuesa of vhich we have to complain. Our meastres fall through because it is too much trouble to pass them; nobody is-in earnest about anything, and this utter want of sincerity takes the form, not of any sham or fiction, but of- mere indolence and inactiorn. I If a measure passes; itis because it i5 tdo m uc.h trouble to oppose it:;if it fail8, it . because it is too much trouble to pass- it. Its nerits, its- expediency, the popular w}sh for it, the Iopportinity, the injiustie of udelay, all : nt for 1 no h:mg: Parliament must be prorogued, in a week, andi whatever s . mn. the.way .of- this blessed eonsunmmaion li5 .cast. aside -as.of no mo-. miient.--- ',;-^ - .'. ' --,.. : .- ,o dou,:t ,we shalJ $J6told th a iSete'. good thingsf are only. deferrid fot i t;ne' -and that-the seed.w?hch is so,wn- this ssin'Wl, h,e.'.Ieaped'-rn X fulliandrich `maturity inA.the neit. Thiis is but a 'poor 'consolation, if true, and wi ely it is. not true. - There are times when things-can-.be: done, and There are-others +rhen', the veiry-sire th3ngs, v.ith the. very. iaop,eop.le, am utterl,yim'-' possible. The speech' that olie. day2 would have roused the House to enthiisiasm fa,lLs at snad dead OnL another occasion, -bause:-8omething has occurred t prejudice the question,or the speaker, to turn men's thoughts and feelings into:another channel, and to give aw invidiouso appeaance to the -application of princip'e' in their ovn nature above the reach of cavilror.censure: Let no man suppose that great assemblies, anynmore than the individuals that compose them, -are actuated by appeals to reason and, principle. Those may be the grounds upon which mebsures are proposed, but they seldom constitute the machinery by which they are carried. The mian or the Govermentn there. fore, -which has proposed a really good and useful measure incurs an. enormous responsibility by deferring .to 'another time what can be done to-day, and trusting to hope that which might at once be made a certainty. Take as an instance the Divorce Bill. The measure had been carefully contsidered, elaborately argued, had passed the House of lords, in which the strongest opposition to it was to be apprehended, and with the full assent of the publie as expressed by the press, and the best -wishes of aU wise and good men, awaited, with every prospect of success, the decision of the House of Commons. We really thought that at last this old reproach of our law-this blot upon our civilization,-the Law of Divorce -was in a fair -way for being removed. But, just at the moment when our hopes were at the highest, a cold fit seems to seize upon the Government, and the bill is withdrawn, merely because it is too late in the session ! hlto can tell what may occur between this time and the next session of Parliament to bMight the feir promise of this most salutary and equitable measure? Some scandal in high life, some disclosure of misconduct in which the wife has been the offender and the husband betrayed and sacrificed, the revival of a theological controversy, the zeal of a popular preacher or two at a loss for exciting topics-any of these things may give such a turn to the public mind that we may wait in vain for years before we find another occasion like that which has been so recklessly allowed to slip from us. This case is broadly distinguished from all others by the fact that the bill originated with the other side of the House of Lords, and might therefore be supposed to be free from any chance of mere party opposition. But it was less trouble to let it drop than to pass it and it dropped accordingly. Then there is the bill for p-unishing the criminal appropriatio:i of trust fumds, a measure loudly called for by public opinion, involving no sort of difficulty or complication, and very requisite at a time when almost every week reveals to us some fresh scandal in the commercial world, and when we have given freshl extension to principles which place the pron.rty of one man at the order and disposition of another. The recent exposure of city fiauds by Air. LINA-o, the case of the Tipperary Bank, and numerous others, all show that commercial morality has gradually sunl to the level of a loose and inconsistent criminal law, made ior the punishment of the crimes of the poor, and too coarse and simple to reach the more refined and subtle villanies of the rich. It is very true, as Mr. Hpxnvy says, that it is the crime and not the punishment that ma3ke3 the disgrace of an action, but what we have to complain of is, that actions which involve the gravest violations of the precepts of morality and are most injurious to the public interest are allowed complete impunity, and that there is a very strong tendency in the minds of men who do not generally think for themselves to confound impunity with innocence, and to suppose that what the law does not prohibit is lawful, and what is lawful is allowable. We are persuaded that nothing is so much needed to amend our mercantile morality as a reform in those poitions of the criminal law wbieh do not extend as they ought to mercantile transactions. There is a general opinion to this effect, and Government in introducing such a bill has only executed its duty as a faithfal guardian of the public interest and morality. MIoreover, there are symptoms of the approach of one of those periods of commercial excitement which render the check of a sound penal law peculiarly requisite. *Wnat, then, has become of the ArroRYzY-Guiz-sku's bill for remedying a small portion of this mischief ? It has been allowved to stand over for months, -while Government has been wasting time over measures brought in too iate and too strongly opposed to be carried this sessior. The bill has not indeed as yet been withdrawn, and this day the Arrorn -GssssR_r. is to state his intentions to the House, but no one can doubt, considering the prospects of prorogation, that this most useful measure, against which there has not been a breath of opposition, which is desired equally by all sides, and which is both right in itself and peculiarly needed at the present moment, is doomed to extinction. We are not speaking now, be it observed, of measures vigorously opposed by a small section of the House, which a little energy and firmness might have carried-of these there are at least ten which might be mentioned ; but of bills desired on all hands, which have fallen through merely because it was too much trouble to pass them. Now, it may be that the popular hotion that it is the duty of a Government to propose every year some legislative measure of great weight and significance is an entire mistake, and that if Government carry on the internal administration, keep us out of a war, or fight us through it when we get into one, it does all that canreasonably berequired of it. This has not been the common theory since the Reform Bill; but the Reforni Bill is now nearly a generation off, and it may not be right to carrv into a 'new age the precepts and habits of the last. But, if this is. to be the rule, at any rate let it be consistently acted on. If it is not the duty of Government to introduce bills, why does it introduce them, and, having introduced them, why does it not use its utmost exeltions to carry them ? There is not, we admit, at this moment any very greedy desire on the patr of the public for refomn or innovation of any hind-the greater reason to push forward such alterations as it is quite clear are really and earnestly desired by the public. That the session has not been more fruitful of measures may be a-s much the fault of the apathy of the public and the disorganized. state of the House of Commons as of the Government, but that important bills should be introduced and then thrown aside from iIndolence or listlessness is the fault of the Government alo,ne. After all, thera are some serious things in the business of life-some things for which it is Iworth while to make an exertion--some things for which w wise and good man will take the trouble-to 'think,' and even to act. Nrot e&very '-measure dese'rves -to% b6 'throwii' nbfo 'the waste basket, not eve-ry project for the good of the country to bepostpoiied for a ' moment's ease when' it 'hias answere.d the purpose of. giving an 'appearance of -oing something. Injured wives -an go on suffering' and fraudulent trustees stealing as they h?ave suffered and 'stolen bforej butit is the wan6iaijeis of indolence4tolantalizi uas with the prospect of a remedy and en-dea, theud c D lips.-
Its simlarity,to ablate flasik atroctousv erime is gven mnore Than ordinay interest to the offence for which2Wissrr )Dovi now lies unilbr sentence of death. Unfortunately, 'The inrtof awifetby her husband is an act not. sufliciently' rare to6produce a deep sensation, but 'wh the crit e has been committed by pbison, and that poison strychnine, general, attention -is tat once fi ed-on its details. The effects aue therefore more widespread, and the circumstances consequeintly demanda notie which is unnecessary in the case -f crdinary offiences. It was thought thift the tar-al of -DOVE wouldhave no striking feature, except its resemblance to that of WmL;FTar PALasER, but the recominendation of the jury that the convic;'s, life be lspared,-on the ground of his defective intellect, gives a new importance to the case, as destined to furnish a precedent in the administration of criminal justice. The judge aud jury, it 'will not be doubted, have done their duty; but the principle involved in the recommendation to mercy cainot be' admitted without more consideration than it has yet received As -to the facts of the case no uncertainty exists. A murder of the tfoulest and most treacherous kdnd has been comn- amitted, by which a sick and helpless woman has been destroyed, after suffering agonies whichlmight have moved to pity the most callous heart. The prisoner is proved to have been habitually a drunkard and a brutal husband. In his fits of intoxication he threatened his wife repeatedly, and proceeded to acts which gave her just cause of fear for her life. A sottish husband, becoming every day more brutal aad depraved, telling his wife, even when sober, that he will " do for her," calling her opprobrious names, throWin3g her down, and standing over her with a carving-knife, beating her with his fist, Iforcing her to seek refuge under the bed, is an example of what we have learned to consider mere Vulgar crime. So far WUrL4LrDovu resembled only those ruffians whose delinquencies are almost daily recorded in the police reports of this capital. Bat ! in this case the husband was actuated not only by ia brutal temper, but by a settled wish to get rid of his wife. " I will give you a piQ that wi7 do for "you," he say3 on one occasion. She is sicldy, she costs money in doctors' bills; there had been a talk of a separation, anad an allowance to be paid by him. The crime of PAriER is the subject of conversation at Leeds, as elsewhere. DovE thinks it proved that strychnia cannot be discovered in the lmunan frame by any analysis. For many weeks before his wife's death he is bent on possessing this poison. !At last he buys some " to kldl cats," as he says. The circumstances are again vulgar and ordinary enough. A coarse and malignait nature vwishes to accomplish its objects, and takes just the measures which its lowv cunning, mingled. as such cunning often is, with stupidity, points out. Then we come to the use of the drug. The prisoner poisons dogs and mice, and in the last week of February cormmences the perpetration of his protracted and cold-blooded crime. 'On the 25th he gives his wife strychnine in her breakfast, and on the accession of spasms speculates on her deatlh, declaring that she would be averse from a 1X)st mortem examination. It is eviI dent that he is an imitator of -what we may call the style of WILLIAM P,i.EfEB He writes to his mother-in-law in the usual affectionate and religious spirit. His wife, he is sorry to say, is very Mi. She had come down much better than usual, took " such a nice breakfast," and then began to play on the piano. She was afterwards seized with sudden illness; but, thank GOD, she is still Ialive. Here we certainly see traces of an intel- lect not at all defective for the purposes of a most elaboratecrirme. ButTuesday, tne 25th, passedaway: the next day there must have been more strychnine at breakfast, for at 11 o'clock the husband sends to Mrs. WirTHA, a neighbour, and begs her to come and see his wife, who, he fears, is very ill. " Speak to her aboutreligious subjects-about her " soul," is his earnest request. Mrs. WrnrwA goes in, and finds Mrs. Dovn with her body arched and her limbs rigid, exhibiting all those symptoms with which the public has now such a terrible familiarity. Mrs. WIrnAr would like some further medical advice, but Dovx thiznks it might offend Mr. MonLEY, the present doctor; besides, is not he (DovE) always at hand, night tad day, to give his wife medicine and attend upon her ? On Thursday, the 28th, he writes to Mr. MortvPy that he has full confidence in him, and asks him " to " speak to Mlrs. Dov- to-morrow on religion, " as she feels herself a sinner." He also writes to his mother that if his wife has another shock it will kill her. " I am nearly worn out, but shall "not complain ;" <I will do for her what I can " until I drop." Why should we go on? Friday, the 29th of February, is the fifth day of the strychnine doses. He is quite sure that his wife cannot recover. " Did you notice, MIrs. WIrrM '," he says, "how I was obliged to go into the adjoining "room anid -weep ? I could not control mvself." This day the drug appears to have been thrice administered, for the unfortunate lady had three separate and violent attacks. DovF is telling everybody that his wife is very weak, and must die; every fit, he thinks, must be the last. Saturday, the 1st of March, arrives. Mrs. DovE is much better. But her husband has no hope of her recovery. He asks if there is a burial-ground attached to Burley Church-if they bury in the Cemetery at Leeds. As usual, he is anxious about her spiritual condition. But to-day Mrs. Do-E is well enough to eat and drink, and her husband's astonishment is extreme. He, however, hisses her affectionately, and goes away. When he comes bak it is evident that he has been drinking. He is " the worse for liquor," and very mauch excited. Then comes the catastrophe. No smaUl dose is given this time. When DOVE hands her the medicine the invalid complains how bitter it is, and the prisoner hastens to wash out the glass. Drink and the deed he has perpetrated now increase the. prisoner's excitement, so that he is hardly master of himself. He goes away again, and the last stuggles of his victim begin. Her screams are heard in every part of the house. After three hours of agony she expires. Her husband sits on the side of the bed and imprints a kiss on her inanimate body. NoAv, we think that our readers will have little trouble in making up their minds about Winrs. DovB-. Here is a man who gets drunlk, abuses, threatens, and beats his wife, and finally takes ad- vantage of her feeble health and the knowledge he has ob.ained of a deadly drug to destroy her, with a cruelty and hypocrisy unsurpassed in the anmals of wickedness. The defence is that lhe is insane. What evidence is produced? No one had ever heard that Wmrr&sr :DovE was mad. His neighbours before he committed- his crime and hi3 gaolers afterwards can depose to no acts of inanity. He marTied, was a candidate for a parochial office, anld' lived like the rest of the world. B But the hiatory of his life is ransacked for evidence, and we have schoolmasters and farmers. coming forward to prove-what we might easily - have guessed-Tat he 'was always brutal, mishbievous, aria malignant. Xe believed. in forne-teAing ; I infancy he frightened his niurje; in boyjhood lie was stupid, oltii-te, g6 A -pistbl, with -which he talked of shooig his father, anad was expelleea fro`ischolI. Whini growIng -up to manhood he tortmued animals, put itriol on -eda 1t' over beams, l>rnt a_fence, <,_ ; .- :t'. Q '!Wattol4 ypomnvted guns at people Outeeegro ds -ani acquittal-W.Ia deraAned. With oexperiene . of iubdern frmng webmus; awrsrd' i 8ome.piise 10 thle rny who -rejected suchi nna- erabhjea-' If. 'ever ther a -o eptae 'i++~ ,circuni-~ starics.midica..vs off the most ,peetocnty it us that:oof. WnwLr. Dor., Acts::.of bruaWity and waanton mischief, anlincorriiible temper, pervebre-' ness, miaiudlin fit3 in:thlie intervali of-' diuenness I BoPeY.. itupidity;,Migh,-if, an bre''k' ,the rib ufflanshei w,u:te~ ~in 'Wleit& chiapel. The' juiry, however -'recousmeinded.,thaprisoner to mpercy - on .,the- gr,ou,n,d o£ - defec- tive inltellect. -It is -this. rdistinction, involvw . ing a ]iind of modified responRI5.ility, '.i2 wvhich we mnst protest. We -. rteed- not s it; was totally new in the practice- of -oir crminal law until something like it -was-ately ic,cepted by the SEcr.EP:y of Srzcx ian the case o£ a man named ConnRBGAN, declared- 11y a jury to be predisposed to insanity. I It wil be a 'sosnewha!; dangerous precedent if these new refinements in ,naeintal pathology are allowed to influence our' jurisprudence. A man spends six daysrin poioning his wife with a drug which he believes cannot ' be traced in the human remains; le aocomplizhes the deed vwith the most consummate art andi hypocrisy; and merely because, like PA n 4T amself, he buys the poison incautiously and asks questions about it fooHishly,-because he has been alvays a nuisance to his' acquaintnce _ and a tyrant to his wife,-because he wotld not learn Scripture history at school and farming afterwards-, he is to be held deserving of merely secondary punishment. Are we, then, to discass the intellectual qualities of murderers, and to hang only those distinguished for diligence and ability? There is certainly a theory very difficult to contest logically,-that no hiunan action can be either praiseworthy or blameable, since every man only acts according to his organization, for which he cannot be responsible ; but the world has decided not to admit such necessitarian principles. Free wil is part and parcel of the law of England, as of every other country. It must be held that every man conscious oi' right and wrong-that is, who is not actually insane, has sufficient intelect to enable hun to resist the desire to destroy his fellow-creatures. To say that a man is naturally stupid aad cruel is only to say that he is a likely man tc be a mnur- I derer. The evidence produced for tne defence is very good evidence to show that DovE was just the man to poison his wife, and in some foreiga countries it would have been sought for and brought forward by the prosecution; but how it can be held to establish his claim to mercy we cannot see. There is a series of pictures by HoGAwRr called " the Progress of Cruelty," in which is exhibited a career begum by the torturing of animals and ended on the gallows and in the dissecting-room. There is supposed to be a moral in this; but, if the principle enunciated by the York-shire jury be established, we miust expect to have the fighting of cocks ani the skiuning of cats attested by sympathizing friends as claims to mercy, much as habitual good conduct has hitherto been. We trust that the Government will not assent to a doctrine which would weaken all the foundations of criminal justice.
Sir THonAS 3M. Wirsox has little rigbt to complain that his twventieth attempt to supersede the will under which he holds his estate at and about Hampstead has been defeated by the House of Commons. It is possible that he may look upon himself as a highly oppressed person, but the real fact is, that by the law of England he merely has a right to a particular property under certain conditions, and not otherwise. We grant that such a conclusion is aggravating, but; so it is. Many a man walks down Regent-street, or saunters among the avenues of bricl and mortar which represent the BEDFORID property in London, and fancies that the estate is one whicl would be admirably adapted to his desires and capacities; butt then he is not the landlord of Regent-street, nor the Dake of BEDFo}D. The simple fact is that the property belongs to somebody else. Now, it must be especially annoying to have a partial interest in a valuable property, and to be debarred by some legal difficulty from the fruition of a far more considerable fortune; but thef proverb, " Half a loaf is better than no bread," applies exactly to Sir T. M. WnTsox-'s case. Eis immediate predecessor bequeathed to him thle Hampstead-heath estate, but without license to build upon it. The precise value of the bequest has been referred to the decision of the nrost competent judges in England, and those leamed personages have decided that he has no building powers on a certain portion of his estate. It is natural enough that a person in this situation should seek to escape from the limnitations of his position, but law and justice are clearly against him. Sir T. .N. WILso. has no more right to claim building powers over Hampstead-heath than the first beggar who meets him in his morning walk has a right to claim Sir T. AL WiLsox's actual interest in the property. This being his strict legal position, our next object shouild naturally be to inquire if there are any particular eircumstances in the case which should impel us, on grounds of public policy, to eoncede to this gentleman greater powers than those whieh the law allows him. WMy should we defeat the conditions, exzpressed or implied, of the testator's will? Whiy should we enable the life tenant to cover Hampstead-heath with brick and mortar? If this were done, a great injury would be inflicted upon the metropolis, which we should do our utmost to avert. It is now mnny years since Sir T. M. WrasoN commenced the series of efforts tha last of which was defeated on Friday night in the House of Commons. The blocking up of Hampstead-heath has 'been tried directly-it has been tried by a side-wind-it has been pressed upon Parliament-it has been referred to the judgesbut, in whatever form it has been brought, either before Parliament or the great legal authorities, it has been invariably defeated. The result of Friday night last will probably be taken as coneLusive, even by so pertinacious a gladiator in his cause as Sir T. M.WasoN. Where his action ceases, however, the action of the public should begin. During the lifetime of the present tenanut the question is no doubt set at rest, but the hands of his successor are free. IE a few years time, when Sir T. M. Wrasox has passed away, those who come after us wil most certainly Eee the pleasanti Heath of Hampstead covered with Belvedere-cottages ancd Paradise-rows, unless we tak-e imely order in the matter. We may make for the public a reasonably good bargain if we grapple witi, the question in time, and it is our object to-day, as it has been our object throughout, to suggesi that such would be the proper issue of the 6lapute. Sir T. M. Wirsox should be liberally dealt with. There is no reou why he should be callea upon to sacrifice his estate for the benefit of the public. The most zealouis agitator against the enclosm-ae of .Hanipstead-heath would, no doubt, think he;wAs doing a very handsoorie-tbingr if he laid down. 101. or OOl. towards the object ofe\securing this plisi:eoE-f reration for the amoLedred Londone-s ho'Iile Sir T. M Winso2r :do miore ? The Irfawe of Commons has done its part by excluding-bunfrom the operation of the Settled 'atates BiLl, so thaw he neither i8, nior ever cn hope to be, in a polifon to Arive .-ar hara aflt d znw6abontifnd it' eemi et h re h u t ;'~aoabte that tIE ~pnlie- iiou destwitlUih im unpon re*onab tesh&rs.l uealue .of . r 4,ea;h It r °f: great mavsatage J.o he 6ondoner-omie.hb apquiuition of the ese. . It would- be-rf gr aavatage-to -the-actual rtenan to diaiou Eof hig; interest in it.:, Srey, -nd~so tmhee coni'i z tenught eome to?tnerm i -.wouldie,ptabetoe either aide. Thi rc oiild be iio great Cdfictyih~ thec course of ne*l-' stQIoI' inS obainiitig aDt ~oUt w]iich ihould provide -the requisiteFfuitdi iit in theiatervA somxe reasonable u:heme of sale could- -be dievised which wod conciliatethe ite.h of . parties co.ncered. There.never .was -a cawe ,ni which aimiems was more I ompulory boAt on pu-7 haser and vendor. If, onwthi one hand, 'we can consign Sir T. M.s WIsc -to the sitry-easurf e of the dog in 'the mraxge t, on tSetIC,r may ret tramquilly on hbis oars, withthhe prf&c:conviction that ltis5 sucessor wil be in a oition to - exact a very severe retribution for his defeat.-
Mhe present condition of the bridges over the river Thames within the limits of Lon7don affords an apt lustration of the manner in which affairs are managed in England. Hada any 7 continental Government possessed the power of exacting from the ratepayers such sums aM are easily obtainable in England, no doubt Te couse of the metroolitatn river would have been encnumbered with strctures of the most mag-nificent description, nll toll-free. We manage oiu; affairs differently in this counzy, and, however much we may be 'of opinion that the present instance constitutes an exceptional case,. we ought, perhaps, in strictness to rejoice fhat public works, which in countries less free than our own are executed and paid for to order, here become the subjects of individual enterprise. Waterloo and Southwark- bridges woald in Paris have been Government worksthat is, they would have been executed in the most costly manner, and the French people would have been called upon for the amount. Here they are the property of private associations, and it fairly becomes a question, if companies could be induced to undertake such works upon the understanding that their rights were to determine at the end of a given period-say 20, 30, 50 years,-if such a system would not be the more correct one. This plan, however, has not been worked out among ourselves, and the coasecluence is that the toll bridges remain as perrmanent obstacles in the way of future improvements. The want of a free bridge, for example, between Blackfriars and London bridges is most severely felt, but the Southwark-bridge Company refuse to sell at any reasonable rate. At Ihe same time, it is felt that the instant the existence of Southwark-bridge was ignored and a fresh structure undertaken the value of the property would be depreciated to an extent which would render the purchase easy of completion, and then we should have two bridges where one only vas wanted. Thus it happens that all improvement is stopped, that negotiations drag on, and the public convenience is neglected, or lost aight of altogether. For the moment we would caRl attention to the upper part of the Etream, where the question is presented to us apparently free from the complication of tolls. How long are wre to be deprived of the convenience of a new brid,ge in front of the new Houses of Parliament E Old WVestminster-bridge has long been hoarded up, land the little boys who used to fatten their noses against the planking when the new bridge was first -undertaken have long since grown up to mnan's estate; but still the Eleusinian mystery of Westminster-bridge i* not unveiled to ithe profane eye, and, except to a very few, the existence of a new Westminster-bridge is entirelv unknown. In truth, it cannot be said to exist. We have just received the copy of a report presented to the First Commissioner of Public Worls by Messrs. REn?-nar and SimpsoN, civil engineers, on the new Westminster-bridge. It would be idle for us to go through the technical detail of the amount of work actually accomplished. The only clear result obtained is that the present condition of the works is most unsatisfactory, either with reference to the amount of money expended, or to the period of -time elapsed since the business was first undertaken. From the best estimate the two gentlemen named could form, it seems that the first half of the bridge may be made ready for traffic within i8 months from the resumption of operations. " On "the sapposition that the arches of the old bridge, "and so many of its piers an-d their foundations as "interfere with those of the new one, are entirely "cleared away in 18 montns from the opening " of the first section of the new bridge, which "we think is the least time that so difficult and ",tedious an operation co-ldbeperformed in without the aid of cofferdaihs, then we consider that the "whole of the new bridge might be completed in "two rears and a-half from such remova; of the "old one." Such is the opinion of the engineers, upon itle presumption that all their requisitions are complied w,ith, and that the works are pros.cuted de die in diepn, a supposition, we need acarcelysay, which will hadly be borme out by the event. Five years hence Twe shall probably be engaged, as -re are at the present moment, in lamenting over an nmbridged Thames at one of the most critical points of the st-ram. When we come next to consider the question of expense, we find that the sum at which the bridge was originally contracted for by Mr. M-AB was 206,4381.- to which some extras munst be added, making the total cost 224,2281. Already there has been au effective expenditure of a trifle more than 55,0001. towards the construction of the bridge, leaving to be expended upon ii, according to its estimated codt, something more than 19,0001. The enieers consulted are not, however, of opinion that the bridge can be completed for that sum, buit reckon 40,0007. as a probable addition to the original estimaate. .WithTespect to the cost of suaitable approaches it appears that we must reckon for property on the Mddlesex side 232,0001., and on the Surrey side 152,QOOO., making together a sum of 384,0001. Mfessrs. RFNDEL and Ssrsox, however, carefullyguard themselves from the imputation of offering an estimate with any degree of accauracy, so that, in all probability, any one of our readers who should double their esimatea addition to the expenses already resolved upon would not be far from the atuth. This is but a sorry aocount of our new bridge at Westminter, but nothing better was to be expected fLom the manner in which it waa under. talken. From the very first the origina Jheme was condemned by well-nigh every engineer who was capable of offering an opinion upon the rab-. ject. cNet, the. contract was handed over to Mr. MAnE, whose circunstances at the time, accordfig topublicreport, were notsuch asto jusifyany great confidence in the result of his industri undertakings. 'The works have been stopped, and it appears. hat in the opinion of the examining engineerstheiworkhas been condacted apon principles exentii0y iaulty, and, if completed upon the present plan, offers no promise of xtability. We 'must referthliereader Io th report itif for the t6hnic4l. aso3nsuponwhtncht onciu,,ioded1 "We' - "are of opinion," say these iefflemen, '"Ihat the "¶ saving of -the cost of atepoa bridges nAot, "sufficient ooth i cib "and extra cost consequent on the constrction-of "the bridge in even-Two sections, W nowpropowed,
LATEST EXTELIGENCE. THE EAST. (By SUBAESITE AND BREXSH TEGRAIPH.) We have received, the following telegraphic despatc1h from our BIarseille3 corresponidant:- " MARSEIMLES, SATURDAY, JULY 19, 4 P.m "The Sinois has arrived from Constantinople v'ith advices of the 10th inst. "Despatchesleave at 10 p.m. "Your correspondent, writina from Syra on the 13th, says that Balaklava was to.be given up to the Russians on the 12th. " The Himalaya had arrived at Constantinople in 10 days from England. " Admiral Lyons arrived at Consta,ntinople on the 10th inst. " The ships Vengeur, Duquesne, Jean-Bart, and Tonrville, the frigate Mogador, tie corvettes Gorgone and Loire, and the English steamer New York, have arrived at M1arseilles with troops from the Crimea."
THE INSURRECTION IN SPAIN. (BY szflMUARTNE AND ]B3RUS M OIEGLAPI.) We have received the following telegraphic de8patch from our Paris correspondent:- "PARIS, SuNDAY, juLY 2a, 8 P.M. "Tranquillity is restored at Barcelona. "The National Guard has been disarmed and dissolved. "An insurrectionary movement has taken place at ImJnquera." We have received the following telegraphic despatches from our Marseilles correspondent:-- "1 MAIRSEILLES, SA.TuRDAY, JuLY 19. "Tle ships Suffren and Toulon have sailed for Barcelona. 55 The 37th Regiment leaves this evening for the Spanish frontier." "{SurNwDAY, 7 50o PrIIL " The Spanish steamer Balear, which left BarceIona yesterday, has brought the intelligence that the rising which took place to the cry of 'Long live Espartero' has been suppressed. "The barricades were carried. " The Government pardoned the insurgents." The fonzitvea of yesterday publishes in its official part the Senatus Consutlturn concerning the regency of the empire, the text of which we have already published. It bears the sanction of the Emperor, countersignedby the linisters. It is dated Plonmbibres, July 17, 1856.
COURT CIBCULAR. OSBORN1E, JIULY 19. Her Wa ajesty, accompanied by, the Princess of Prwisia, Princess Louise, the Princess Royal, and Princess Alice, dlrove round the camspat Aldershott yesterday 3norning, and iseTh d the Hon. E or Sllrisheyghasesuciceedeately on its arrivalin cam pfrm theCim hePrince Consot,e thace Prince of Prussia,the Prince of Wae,and Princs ie Alfe Prodeia don e horteebac dvk. Heter majesta , with the whole of the Royalarty, left the nd arrived at Osborne at half-past 6. Princess Helena, Princess Louisa, Prince Ar-thur, and Prince Lepld, arrved also from Buckinghana Palace at bai -ps oco TeHon. lenr Stanley has succeeded as Mtaid. of Honour in waiting. JULY 20. Her Majesty, the Prince Consorl, the Prince and Princess and Princess Louise of Prussia, drove out yesterday aflternoon in a pony carriage and four, attended by the ladies and gentlemen in waiting.
We have reason to believe that the questionL so long pending as to the ambiguous position of Lord Wensleydale will be immediately solved by the conversion of the Ihfe peerage which that eminent lawyer now holds into an hereditary peerage. Under all the circumstances of tie case we cannot but express our satisfaction at this termination of the dispuite; our surprise is orly that so simple a solution of the difieculty should not have been thought of at an earlier period in the sessous A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday afternoon at the Foreign-office, Downing-street. The lidnsters present were-Viscount Palmernton, the Lord vChancellor, the M1arquis of Lansdowrne, the Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, the Earl of CIlarendon, tBMr. Secretary Labouchere, Lord Panmure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Right Hon. AL T. Baines, and the Duke of Argyll. The Council sat tvwo hours and a-quarter. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the remaining halves of two 56.-notes in ayment of unclaimed income-tax from " T. O.." l2 Con m-r -CmE.-At the present mo-I ment, when public attention is fixed upon the changes that are taking place at the Horse Guards, a brief 81setch of the admiistration of that department for the last 70 years may not be out of place. It is rather singular that we do not find the tite of ' Commander-in-Chief' employed previous to the elevation of the late Duke of York to that post in 1795, and even on that occaeson his Royal Highness's name ccaurs in the Gazete promotions as "appointed to be :Field-Marshal of His majesty's forces." This title, however, seems soon afterwards to have been, tacitly dropped and supplanted by the other tersa so familiar to oar ears. Previous to1795 the chief admmnistration of hhe Horse Guards was in the hands of the Adjutant-General-an office which was held successively by Lieutenant-General Wiliman Amhesst, a younger brother of the first Lord Amherst, and after his death in 1781 by Lieutenant-General Sir Williamn Fancet, K.B. The Drke of York having been invested with the chief command, as we have, said, in February, 1795, continued to administer it until the spring of 180'. Be was succced-ed as Commander-in.ChiefbythelateGeneral Sir D). Dandas, who held that post, however, only till 1811, whentheflrst stepof thePrinceof Wales,on becoming-Regent, I was to reinstate his brother, who was always popular withl the army, in his command at the Horse Guards, which the Duke of York continued to hold from that date without interrption down to his death in January, 1827. The Duke of Wellington very naturally was chosen by Lord 1iverpool to succeed his Royal Highness ; but on becoming Premier in the February of thefollowing year, his Grace resigned the command into the hands of the lbte Lord flh who continued to hold it until within afew months of his death, in 1842. From that date the administration o.E the Horse Guards was again in the hands of the Duke oa Wellington until his death, September 14, 1852. Lord Hardinge, vho at that time hold the Mastership of the Ordnance, succeeded to the post of Commander-ru-Cef. and resigned it only last week, as our readers are awann, into the younger and, we trust, more vigorous hands of his Royal Higness thefDukeof Cambridge. 7e regret to statethat Major-General Sirl,ichard )acrese, A.L, is conlfined to his bed by illness, and hms beei suffering from a return of Crimean fever and agae, whioh has prevented his atteadingtot anyr professional duties since hsis arrival in Enpland from the Feuts }ui.wrcn Cou:x:oG}-T(he scheme of the C'harity Commissioners for the College of God's Gift in , liwich, Surrey, is confirmed by a bll just. brought from te Loris and nor awaiting the assent of the Lower Hous,. existing corporation is dissolved, and provision miade for the appointment of 11, and the election of 4, governo-sthe former to be named by the Court of Chancery, aznd the latter to be elected by the parishes of St. Botolplh Without, Bishoprgate; St. Saviour, Soithwark; St Luke, :iddle, -; and St. Giles, Camberwell. Three-fourths of tho nat income of the charity will go to the educational and onfourth to the eleemosynary branch. The number of alms. people will be 24, to be selected from poor men and vomen, either married or asngle, who have fallen from "better cir. cumstancet,c to he,chosen alwvays fromthe fearprishes already named. Ont tensoners mar also be apointed. hat the Charity Commiesonars have reiected the proposal p certain parties to ertend the benefits of the chertj to indigent and broken-down actors. CBYS-A PALAOX.-FLVB SHmIG DAx1F ~eluia. day, July 19.--Admissions onL pJaietnt, 810; ditto-by £eason tickets, 1,049; tota viiEtors 2,459. .: '- -' llmnneUM.-If the. "CourirCirczlai" w1deth ap;oeared in 27e fTmes on FiFHday last it is s,tated that; "Mlajor Rohbinson, of the Royal Sappers &ad Miners, had the honoUr of dining wth Her Mjes(ty." It should hare been "*Majkm T,. Nic olson, E.F."
I O tl TE ItECE . ' FRALNC U., .- poidion of-thefollowingappoaredin ourseconie4itfiouof 0 atnrdav.l: .I.1 . ' - I I .(F1RoM OUPR Owx CORTRrJ,D-'r.Y'-J , A.-U-, FaRim , JUL 1 P, 6 r.M. TheI.drdiZ.- Gzazeae !of the 14th brigs official details of the. Ministerial orisis and the nam6esof the new-Ministers. It- shtes that at a Cabinet C6unciiheld after O'Donnell and Escosura had given 'in their resign+ations, thle 'dificully tha~t hadd ,ris,en was discussed at great lengthy and that at a second Council, held. at the Palace, Espartero expressed his opinion that it was best boththoso Ministeri should remamn or both retiro. This was found impossible, and Espartero then deciared his intention of resigning,, and his colleagues wenlt with hi. The Queen, s3ays the Government organ, thrice advised and asked him to remain and to settle the difficulty -as might best be decided by the Council, but he persisted in relinquisig office, and Her Majesty~ then accepted the resignation of all the Mnistry except O'Donnlefll to whom the foCmation of a new Governnent was intrusted. The following are the nlames: President of the Council-O'Donnell. Foreign 'airs-Pastor Diaz. 1Finance-Cantero. Public Works-Collado. Interior-Rios Iosas. Grace and Justice-Tuz7uriaga. 'Marine-Pedro Bayarri. A supplement to thle Gazette contains the decrees of nomination; also two others, by wlich Rios Rosas is appointed temporarily to fulfil the duties cf the Minister of Grace and Justice in the absence of Luzuriaoa, and O'Donnell those of the Minister of Marine in the absence of Don Pedro Bayarri. This is significant, and explains what was previously inlcomprehensible. Persons acquainted with the political viewsand opinions of Senor Luzuriaga, and aware of his close friendship and intimacy with Espartero, would not believe that he had accepted offi^e under O'Donne'l; nor had he done so, it now appears, up to the date of the last official or trustworthy inteligence. On this head there is another remark to be made. Telegraphic intelligence from Madrid, dated early in the morning of the 14th, spoke of Ros de Olano as the new Minister of Marine. This was, in all probability, the first combination decided upon, but O'Donnell very likely, on reflection, thought it imprudent at once to place so unpopular a person in his Cabinet. and wise to fill up two of the seats with men inspiring greater confidence, and whose names gave a liberal colour to the Ministry. Luzuriaga and Bayarri happened both to be absent, but their names wera put dow-n and published; no matter that, when they came to know it, they would probably refuse to accept; in the meantime the difficulties of the situation might be vanquished. Vanquished they are, apparently, in Madrid, but not so in the provinces, whence authentic accounts are anxiously expected. The telegraphs between Madrid and the French frontier being interrupted (it is supposed at Saragossa) we have no positive information of recent date. The French papers contain a variety of statements, but I am indisposed to credit anything of later date from the interior of Spain than the afterncon of the 16th. We know that tranquillity was restored in Madrid, but the news subsequent to that, of a review of the garrison, &c., must be received with caution, if not censidered as altogether apocryphaL Under these circumstances, I await confirmation of intelligence which has reached me from a very good source, to the effect that, as well asSaragossa (which wve know to have risen),Barcelona, Log,rono, and Bilboa are in insurrection. From Logrono and Bilboa it is very possible that the news may have come, since both places are within about 12 travelling of the French frontier, but from Barcelona it is more difficult to understand how it has been conveyed hither. Nevertheiess the news of the rising of the abovenameed four towns obtains credence, and is certainly far from improbable. That Saragossa and the whole of Arragon would be up was the conviction of all persons acquainted with the feeling of that province, as soon as the news came of Espartero's resignation. There can be scarcely a doubt that his steady friend General Gurrea, lately CaptainGeneral of Arragon, and who is greatly beloved and looked up to there, will have found ready and numerous adherents among both the people and the troops, and O'Donnell may expect a formidable resistance in that quarter. Arragon Is looked upon as the chief stronghold of the realProgresistas-that is to say, of the party which repudiates alike Republican and Moderado doctrines, and looks to Espartero as its chief. Gurrea was at Logrono when the crisis occurred; he is an officer of well-proved energy and patriotism, and of remarkable decision of character, and an insurrection in Arragon, headed by him, would be alarmina to a Spanish Government much better established thauthat of O'Donnell can as yet be considered to be. There is no account of Espartero's whereabouts, but it is thought probable he will have been prevented leaving MsIaclAd. O'Donnell may not improbably have put him under arrest, and caused the report to be spread, which reached us two or three days ago, of his departure for Logrono. The new Government wvould doubtless deem it imnprudent either to leave him at liberty or to allow his detention to become known in Madrid, lest an attempt should be made to rescue him; although really, after the ease with which the loud-boasting, much be-ribauded, braggadocio National Guards of the capital have allowed themselves to be beaten and disarmed, they might be expected to suffer, meekly and in silence, the imnprisonment even of their late idol. The Gazette of the 14th also cont.-ins the decree putting Spain ninder martial law. It is preceded by a well-wvritten preamble, probably from the pen of Rios Rosas, in which it is urged that recent excesses had rendered indispensable the adoption of a new system and of repressive meaes. It is noteworthy that the establishment of martial law announced simultaneously with the appointment of the new Minkistry preceded any outbreak in Madrid, and was, in fact, the first programme inscribed on its banners by the incoming Cabinet. The Constitutionel announces that Marshal Narvaez arrived yesterday morning in Paris from the baths of Vichy, and left in the evening for Spain. This evening's Presse says that he has not yet left, but will do so to-night. His intention of returning to his own country has been spoken of here for two or three days past. The report may have been based on conjecture, arising from the change of Government in Spain, otherwise one might suppose that Narvaez had been privy to the conspiracy which there can be little doubt has existed for the upset of Espartero. It still appears questionable what Idnd oI reception the Marshal will receive from the Government of O'Donnell, and even how far his entrance into Spain will be allowed. The latter General, ambitious and overbearing, will hardly tolerate the presence of a rivaL Yesterday's Asseanbl6e ffationale attributes to O'Donnell the intention of playing, in his turn, " the part which Narvaez so gloriously filled. But," it continues, "Narvaez, tosay nothing of his indisputably great talents, had never served any but the cause of order, and never raised the standard of revolt ag,ainst his Sovereign." If the " great talents" of Narvaez hpd been displayed otherwisethan by unscrupulous tyranny. utterrecklessness of human life, and the rapid accumulation of an enormous fortune, he would probably, in a country of mediocrities, have retained ILs position at the head of affairs rather longer than he did. As regards his devotion to the cause of order, and his innocence of revolt against his Queen, to maintain these the AssembUae Nationdle, relying on the forgetfulness of its readers, wholly ignores the circumstances attending its hero's departure from Spain in 1837, and return to it in 1843. I will not suppose that the Fusionist organ is so oblivious of recent history as unt to remember that in 1837 Don Luis de Cordova and Don Ramon Narvaez headed a rebellious proMimiciamiento in Andalusia, speedily Lsuppressed,and the ignominious failure of which was qunikly foiiowea by their own Right. Cordova went to die at Lisbon, Narvaez took refuge in France. He left Spain a rebel against the established government of his Queen-azrebellionthe more odious and dangerous because her ill-supplied and unpaid armies were then hard beset by those of the Pretender. He returned thither, after six years' absence, in the samecharaeter ; but the rebelli-on he I went to aid, and which was isistigated and upported by Louis.Philippe and aria Christin, proved triumphant,- and therebels of course were whitewahed -by succeis. Then began the palmy period of Don Ramon7s adventuoruscareer. le had-left-his countiy a needy man and a now-made3 Iajor-General. ,Withinz a~bout a;gear aFter - lizeturn he had attained the highest military rank-that of CaptainIGeneral or 3ied-Marshal; his breast was covered iwith GAarLi (3rses and the Golden Rleeoe- that order once as coveeid y 7prices as the 'English Garter, but which in our days we have eenaawardedd to the-buest -intig r he welfarea of Spain-hung Buspend fromn lisneck :he was CoulntofO iada. Altasan&Duke of Yalencia -the latter a royal title,- forihithert, and' with his; exception, none but princes of the blood royal have -takeu the nwme of a capital.city; his coffers overflowed with gold, and (an honour unparalleled, and which waa never granted even to Espartero, te Regent of the. kingdom, and tutor of the Queen) he - entertained hisSoveraign at a bauquet the enormeua costof which would have been a fortune to hin a few:' .mnonths previously. No wonderif many forgot that the mana thus honoured and. succesfull had ever teen a rebel in arms againsthis Queen - and it is in no way surpising that the AssernbiWe .iatio2w1e should support aua ex-tol the friends of its friends, but it will hardly render them good service by stateamenta which a reference to facts still recent and notorious proves to be totally incorrect. A Council of Ministers was hold-yesterday morning at the hotel of the Minister of Justice. A letter from Plombieres says The Emperor continres his baths and walks altnough the weather has bc4ome less favourable. The per. formers o. the Palais Royal are to give five representaions. ThefirsttookplaceonSundaylast. The saflevwas decorated with garlands of flowers and foliage, and the places, to the number of 200, were all numbered. At 8 o'clock the Emperor, accompanied by the authorities and the offirers attached to his person, entered the house. Every 6ne immediately rose aud remained standing until His Yzjesty,had seated himself. Every one was much amused by the performance, not excepting the Emperor himself. The money received was paid over to the authorities for the benLefit of the poor. If the weather doesnot prevent it, this week will see the completion of a new road from Plombieres to the Staiislas spring, one of the most agreeable walks of the neighbourhood, but to which the previous approach was very steep and difficult. This new road has been executed by the order of His Majesty, and at his expense. The Emperor has also decided on ,the execution of another road, which will prevent the necessity of carts and cattle going through the. principal street, which will be left clear for persons taldng the baths. Thus, in less than 12 days His Majesty has rendered important services to the poor, to the working classas, and to the visitor,. A few davs since lis Majesty, when out vwalkig, met two little girls, the eldest of whoni,5yeass of age, had a rose in her hand, and he stopped and spoke to them. ' Which is the Emperor, Sir1' saaid the child. ' It is I, my child,' was the reply. 'Well, then,' said the girl, ' here is a rose for the little Emperor who is at Paris.' His Majesty put the rose in his buttonhole, and, kissing the child, 'made her a present." " The Emperor," says the Contstitutionned, C' is not expected in Paris before the 25th. His Majesty, previously to his return, is to go to Luneville, to be present at some grand cavalry niancouvres." The Prefect of the Seine has just received from tbhe Lord Mayor of London a fith remittance of 100,000£. on account of the subscription opened in that city for the benefit of the sufferers by the in. undathons. The Minister of War has decided that the only seamen of the lmperial navy entitled to the Crimean medal awarded by Queen Victoria are those who balonged-1, to a Frencli vessel of war within the period comprised between the landing of the allies in the Crimea and the taldng of Sebastopol-that is, from the 14th of September, 1854, to the 8th of September, 1855; 2, to the crews landed before Sebastopol and employed at the batteries; ~azd.3, to the officers, non-commissioned officers, gunnrs, or privates of 'the marine corps having, within the above period, served either at Sebastopol, 33upatorin, erteh, Yenikale, or in the Sea of zoff. The rece.pts of the Orleans Railway during the week ending on the 7th inst. were 1,055,611f., or 74,160f. less than during the corresponding week of 1855. The gross receipts since the 1st of January amounted to 23,506,899f., being a difference in favour of 1855 of 879,225f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71f. 6c. for the~ end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Ceasts. at 94f.; and the New Loan at M1f. 10c.; Orleans Railwny shares, 1,400M.; Great Northern, 1,087f. S0c.; Strasburg, 951f. 25c.; new shares, 867f. 50c.; Pais and Lyons 1 437f. 5c.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,830f.; Western of France, 967f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 777f. S0c.; Great Cenitral of France, 700f.; LyQns and Geneva 815f.; Bank of CeIdit Mobilier, 4532f, S0.; Autria Railways, 867.E. 50c. Cours Authentiqu&-PARIS, July 18.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 89f. 50c.; ditto (not reimbure3ble for 10 years), 941. 93f. 75c., Three per Cents., 70f. 95c. 71f.; ditto, second Loan of 1855(65 per cent. paid), 71f.; ditto Certificawtes (65 per cent, paidL 71f.; Credit Foncier, 675e. ditto Obligations of 500£., Fourper Cents., 4-30f. - Prom. (5hligatious of 1,000!., Three per Cents., 930f.; Crdit Mlobilier, 1,537£. GOc. 1,535f. 1,*32!. SOc. - Piedmontese F?ive per Cents., 93!.; ditto, Thee per C5ents., 56f. 50c. ; Austrian Five per Cuntn, 88f.; Belan Four-and-a. Half per Cents., 98; SpanisThree per Conts, 44; ditto Interior Debt, 371 } 1?37 ExchngeonLondon, at ight, money, 25f. 274c.; C,ree months money, 2Sf. 2ic. PARIS, SATURDAY, JULY 19, 6 P.r. We are only gradually arriving at the knowledge of the incidents which really preceded the fall of the Espartero Ministry. and which led to the outbreak which followed in Madrid. Owing to the interruption of communication, as is usual in such cases, and the difficulty of obtaining information, it is possible that some errors have been committed which it is useful to rectify. It appears that the words spoken by Mi Escosura in the Cortes with reference to the right of insurrection, were not solely the cause of the course followeed by General O'Donnell. I have received pri. vate information from Mladrid, dated the 14th, proceeding from so good a source that I have littie hesitation in accepting it as generally accurate. It had been complained for some time past that the Carlist journals of Mladrid and the provinces, and those of the reactionary pasty generaly, had assumed a violence towards the Government which threatened to endanger public tranquillity again, as they had already inpart led to the outiages in Castille and LJeon. The snbject had occupied the attention of the Government, and two days previous to the fall of the Cabinet the questionwas discussed whether it had not become absolutely necessary to adopt certain measures of restriction. The proposition in favour of these restrictions was at once strongly opposed by no less a person that General O'Donnell. This excited surprise among his colleagues. Had General O'Donnell been a man of a tolerant character,-had he ever felt or seriously manifested any great regard for political or individual liberty,-if he were a man likely to accept the disadvantages of publicity for the g,reat benefits -which in the long run it confers on society,-had he ever held any other opinion that t hat society should be coerced like an army in wartime,-his opposition to restrictions would surprise- no one. Be this as it may, O'Donnell opposed the measure. The Ministers had discussed Escosura's proposition for two days, and it was adopted by all of them, with the single exception of O'Donnell, who on the evening of the 14th made a proposition in tum-namely, that Escosura should be ejected from the Cabinet. Having expressed himself thus, he abruptly snatched up his hat, went home, and, feigning illness, betook himself to bed. The other Mfinisters, anticipating that the moment for executing the project which it was evident '1Donnell and his friends had been long concoeting had ar.ived, consulted together some time, and Espartero, by their advice, followed O'Donnell, persuaded him to leave his bed, and succeeded in bringing him back to the Council-room. I maay observe that the official residences of the two Ministers are close to each other. O'Donnell once more made his appearance, but it was to demand still more vehementlythan before the expulsion of his colleague. The questionwsas put to the vote, andO'Donnell's pro-. position was 'oranimousy rejected, as unfounded and uncalled for. In circumstances of great emergency like the present it is the uractice Tn Spain, when constitutionally governed, tocal in the President and Vice-President of the Chambers to aid with their counsel the Government and the Sovereign. General Infante, the Preaident, was summoned, with his Vice-President, to attend the council.. The matter was once more discussed, and, after everythiingfor and against -was dvanced, they again pust it to the vote, when the President of the Cortes,hough believed to be afriendf O'Donnel!, and the Vice-President gave their decision ;gainst hims. 5 In the meantime FAcosura placed his resignation in the hands of Espartero as President of the Council. - }tero awked if General O'Donnell*wss resady to.do he: 'ame, as, announced. -The Latter #ulkily replied that he should hand it? himself to the Queen.i> Esp~o Sthereupon n g -t' that the Mter should go topther to the Palace and hold a council, with Her Majesty presiding in peson. This passed on the ight of the 13th. The Ministers proceed to the Pal at 1 o'clock, and remained in ouci tll4 i te aonig. c-Co i opnonl of all her Misit . exc'epti,, :of - corsei 'DD6inell, the Queen decided tat h cosrshould quit the Cabinet, and that- he woiuld not aet O'Donnell's resignation; Espartui.o, who was deter miined that-Esce,surh thuld beot sacrificed' a:Ine, .but that O'Donmell should,also retire, -fieslthe Queen that in sach case he himself and the a wiole his colleagueswould alsoreign. The Queen smid afew words expressive of-regret; but-accepted the ccl6bc 1tivdrcaiguations, and on the spot named O'Donnell .President ofEtheApunci, with po.wer .o forma siiew Cabinet. .Such, I aniassured, is the correct Tersion. f what took' place so far as the fall of the Cabinet is concerned. : \- All this, took place, as I have said, at 4-o'cloc4 in the morning. O'D0onnell at -once too-'pre.- caiitidna to maintain by force what he. had done, and before 11 o'clock -the~ same morning he had under arms a body of 14,000 men and 60 pieces of artillery in Madrid and'round the walls ofmadrid. In the early part of that day th'e 'city h'ad the a.- peerance of tranquillity. The Progresistas -were in a state of stupor; the Carlists and reactionists of all kinds in the utmost exultation. At half-past 5 o'clock in the evening the members of the Cortes who were'stll in Madsid"'asembled to expresitheiropiniononthe newMinistry. Strictly speaking, the- Cortes were not prorogaed.. The formula of this temporary suspension was that in case of important business the members should be informied at their respective residences, and sunmioned. According to the rules of the oLouse, 50 members form a quorum; and when that number -is collected the Cortes are legally constituted, andca proceed to business. I hardly believed that so many members had 1 remaiinei in Madrid at this season of the year; I find, however, that not less thani 91 answered the appeal, and at: tended. The chan'ge of Cabinet was discussed; the question was put to the vole as to whether the Cortes had confidence in tle n.ew Cabinet; and out of 91 90 voted that they had no confidence in the ODonnell Ministry. The single exception to that unanimity was a well-knDWn person who calls himself the MIarquis of Tabucruiza-a pretended Liberal, but who for years was said to be a secret friend to the opposite partr. It was after this vote, which was perfectiy legal, that the deputies were dispersed by O'Donnell. General O'Donnell has published his programme. It is rather brief, and had been prepared before any resistance was Dffered to the newr Government. It consists in placing the whole of Spain and the adjacent islands under martial law. Escosura, you may remember, was the Minister who was sent to Valladolid to investigate the causes of the outrages that had taken place there and in other towns. The silence observed on his return to the capital was remarked at the time, but it is now stated that a portion of the Carlist clergy had a good deal to do with them, aad that he even detected the action of some friends or partisans of O'Donnell himself in them. The departure of General Narvaez for the Spanish frontier is said to be for the purpose of rendering all the assistance in his power to the present Government. He wants nothinlg, accepts nothing, wishes to live in retirement, but will be ready whenever the Government calls on him to serve his country. This declaration is literally the same as the one he made when landing in Valencia in 1843, on the fall of Espartero ; but in a very short timae after that modest and disinterested announcement the Government and friends he came to aid were overthrown, were in exile, or in prison, and he himself installed as the supreme dictator. Whether he and O'Donnel are reconciled, or whether O'Donnell has again become the friend of Maria Christina, whom he so lately detested, and who so intensely detested him, is more than I can te'L 'But that is of little importanace. O'Donnell and Narvaez cannot co-exist as political leaders; one or other must be the dictator; and if O'Donnell does not begin by shooting him if he raises a finger, Warvaez, the moment a new revolution gives him power, will probably perform that or some similar act of friendship for him. As soon as O'Donnell was installed head of the Government he despatched circulars to the Captain-Generals of the provinces, calling for their adhesion. What the answer was I am not aware, but the Captain-General of Saragossa replied at once by the telegraph that he, the army, and the people, recognized no President of the Council but the Du'e of Victoria. A telegraphic despatch from Perpignan contradicts the rumour that Barcelona had risen. The following letter is published bythe ,iede " Paris, July l8. "I have this rnomeat received the intelligence by a telegraphic despateh, dated lNew Orleans, June 2S, that the difference between Mexico and Spain has been arranged in a satisfactory and honourable manner for the two countries. The wisdom of the Mexican Government and the modera. tion of the press have brought about this happy result. -I have the honour to be your obedient servant, -ANDIRES OSEGTERA, "First Secretary of the Mlexicau Legation.' The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 95c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., at 93f. 75c.; and the New Loan, at 71f. 15e.; Orleans 'Railway Shares, 1,400f.; Great Northern, 1,085f.; Strasburg, 950f.; New Shares, 85f. ; Paris and Lyons, 1,435f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,830f.; Western of France, 965f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 777f. 50c. ; Great Central of France, 702f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 810f.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,515f.; Austrian Railways, 866f. 25e. Coarj Authefue.--PAiis, July 19.-Csh PZiceFour-and-a-Half per Cents., not reimabursMble for 10 yesrs, 93f. 75e. 50e. 60o. 40c.; Four per Cents., 82f.; Thres per Cents., 71L. 70f. 95c. ; ditto, second Lon of 1855 (65 per cent. paid), 71f. 70E. 90e.; ditto Certificates (65 per cent. paid), 71f. 70L 900. ; Treasury Bonds, 5Q per cent. at six months; Bank of France, 4,125f.; Crb'it Foncier, Obligations of 500., Four Eer Cents., 430.; ditto, Three per Cents., 390f.; ditto, Tenths, Three per Cents., 78f. 75c. ; Credit Mobilier, 1,520f. 1,515f 1,510f. 1,515f.; Discount Bank, 700f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 93f.; ditto, 1853, Three per Cents., 56E. 50c. ; Austrian, S3E. ; Rente de Naples {Rothschild's), lllf. 50c.; Romans, 87.,; Spanish Differential, 23; ditto, Three per Cents., 44; ditto, Interior, 37A. Exehanga on London, money, 25f. 271c.; tbree montlis, money, 25f. 2Ac. P.S. I have already mentioned that General Narvaez left Parislast niht for Bayonne. Re had left a day or two previous for Trouville, a bathing-place near Havre, where Queen Maria Christina has been staying for some time. After a long consultation with her and the Dul;e of Rianzares, he started at once for Bayonne. Re decided on taking this step, it is said, on being informed that a telegraphic despatch had onnounced the rising of .Arragon, the Rioja, and Bilboa; though, with reference to this last place, a despatch. received yesterday said that the l'asque provinces were then tranquil. T'he plan formed between Maria Christinaf and her agents is to leaveO'Donnell to struggle for sometie, to exhaust himself againsthis adversaries, andto, encouragethem as much as possible to resist him up to a certain point, and when he becomes weak uhat N.sxvaez shall step in and snatch the prize from him, or to offer his services at once to O'Donnell " to save the Throne," and, once engaged in the affair, to use his best exertions to upset him inturn, and grasp the dictator's sword himself. If O'Donnell shows weakness from the beginning, and if Narvaez be well received by the army, O'DonnelL vill be denounced as a traitor for the insurrection oif July, 1854, and got rid of Or, again, if' beth go on for some time equally, O'D)onnell will probabl be got quietly out of the way by the bribe of Cua, where he will be enabled to extort more millions fromthe blood of the slaves. Whether all this will succeed or not I cannot say, but so it is planned. Maria Christin feels much dis- quietude at the resistance said to be encountered by O'Donnell, which is more than has been calculated on. A despatch froma Bayonne, received last night or this morning, states that General Gurrex was at the head of the movement. by the troops and population of that city and province. General Falcon, the Captain-General, was itissaid, at - the head of the amny, and- General Guea of the population and lXationil' Guards. A very serious step was -about to be taken. It was proposed- that the Cortes should: open their sittings at Saragossa, there being 83deputies in that city, or 33 more tlhan sufficient to oistitute. that assembly legally. The intention ws to put O'Donnell honl eldiaud eall[allSpa ito.ie agains him -in factj to follow thie same course as,formerly: against Napoleon and thuFsrench army. '-Itwas the' C6rtes th'at repniested:th§ ]ing a:nd the nation5'in 1809, when -the Royal, hniily)was enticDout of 'the kingdom, ' If -a sheinfl stand. bie inai~lent ;Sa.ra' gossag in this fashion; i; -is'-not: ankelyg- 1at otlin places will follow'the-eiample. : '-' - ~ Of E3spartero wre have no news, but it is probable that he remains a prisoner in Madrid. it is sad he wsas at osce srreeteX
I - . - .4,4 - - ? .? :4 ?. , ? ; ? ?-, ?, ?r , '. - - ? 1. . ? t L A ; -, ?:,- -?, . .:. -ITALY. 1- .- ? -,;.. -- 1. [1' I *. ,-;(aox on -*0 W- ''' of Panna inform us -that The -oi urnii 'ofo .Lord and ILady:Norinaub3tleft Farina on the morni- ing of the 10th instant for the baths-of Abanoi near-Padnla, and, nnointelligence to 'the 6conitrry havinng reached us,' there, seems but .to much' rteason to fear himorI ip'a-iisitiu ba'been. .n.- productive of any'good effect towards the iinrovement of the condition of the country, am! that Austrian occupation remains, the stitof siegecoitinues, and military law is atill supreme. This is certainly not contrary to general anticipa. ioiiherei, but un&orttely it mayliave avery aerious'effect on thie people of Parmwho.iliWot 'easily beiieve in the sincerity of the British Government or its professions of sympathy fIo Italy -*hen they see its representative pay a flying visit t6 tLeir Courtafter the capital hasbeen three menths and a hal.schjected' to the martial lawsof anAustrian General, and apparently approve, not only what has been done; bult its continuance. - The Austrian Governmnent, finding iits policy in this affiair sriticized on all sides, has, thought it necessary to put forth a semi-offlcial defence of its conduct. This appears in the SpeclaZIt.dalia, a -weekly auxiliary edition of the official Cazeme of Verona, which is published by the directorship of the Gazefte on the one day in the *eeik (Mlonday) when the latter is not. The Specola. says that it did not thinkit necessary to contradict the calumnies propagated by the Piedmontese papers on the subject, because it iY their nature to vilify all such venerated titutions as the Governments of Austria and Parnma without distinction but when a respectable journal like the Augsbtrq Gazette contains such erroneous details as were given in a recent nmnber, it becomes a dilty, in the interest of Government, to make known tho true state of the case. With this view the 14isecblc comimences by enumerating the assassinations and attempted assassnations ihat have been comnmitted in Panna during the last two years, beginincg with the murder of the Dake on the 26th of Mlarch. 1854, and ending with the attack on Lieutenant Borrdi on tne 17th of March last. Such a state of things, says the Specola., tlireateneda degradation in the eyes of the world to which no name can be given, and therefore the Duchess-Regent re-established the state of siege, which had been raised sice the 17th of June, 1855, .and ordered a military Court for the trial of the guilty, besides adopting other measures of police necessary to secure public tranquillity and the regular proceedings of the prosecution. To Count CrenneviUe, as senior in rank, was confided the command of the united Austrian and Parmesan troops; but this fact, though in strict conformity with the stipulations of the existing military convention, offered a favourable occasion to the Sardinian press to cry out that, in consequence of the state of siege, the Dacal Government had lost its independence, and that Austrian officers bad usurped all authority in the duchy, which they abused by violent and arbitrary acts. The Duchess, and not the Austrian Govermuent, prcclaimed the state of siege, and instituted a, Council of War, which was a Parmesan and not an Austrian tribunal, of which the Prince Soragna, at that time M1ajordomo and Grand Master of the Pamna Ducal Court, was President. The Ducal Government merely requested the Austrian Government I to place an Austrian prosecutor at the disposition of the said tribunal, because two Parmesan judges charged with making inquiries had already paid forfeit with their blood for their zeal in office. The Commanadant of the Imperial army complied with this request, but the tribunal did not cease to be Parmesan on that account, and the juts glcdii et gratiGndi was expressly reserved by the Dnchess Regent. In concert with the judicial authorities the Direction-General of Police of Parma (and not the ILnperial authorities) proceeded to arrest a certain nmlber of perso,ns known to be members of secret societies and suspected of conspiracy; and the prudence with which this was,done is evident to the Spcoai, which is assured that the threads of all these horrilble conspiracies have been discovered. The outctry raiEed by the Sardinian papers against arrest " on suspicion"' is absurd, because there is no part of the civilizedwc-rld where persons suspecW of homicide are not arrested. Approving fully, therefore as the Specola does, these determined and r.solute proceedings of the Parmesan authorities, it must in honour confess that all these acts were the doings of the Ducal and not of the Austrisn Government, and that all the tittle-tattle anad mournful lamentations on the dependence of the Parmesan Government were not only useless, but mendacious. The point on which they have bean directed with most vehemence was the transport of some prisoners from Parma to Mautua, and even in this case the Specofa is in a position to give an explanation. In previous nrosecutions it had been said that communication existed between the arrested and their iriends in Parma, and that even other crimes, such as the murder of Magaraly, had occurred in consequence; the Ducal Government, therefore, thought it prudent to send away some prisoners from Parma, and begged the consent of the Emperial Governmaent that they might be transported for a limited time to MIantua, but the Specoin does not know how the InperialGovermnent by consenting to such a demand could have wounded the rights of sovereignty of its ally. Lastly comes the question of the differences between the military tribunal and the Ministry, on which subject the Sp"Io5a says, that the Duichess havring named a mixed commission expressly to decide on the further proceedings, and their decision having been decidedly opposed to the opinion expressed by the Austrian authorities, it vwas conscientiously respected as regarded the affairs of another and indeDendent State, but, seeing this discord, the Duchms allowed the Austrian prosecutor to retire from the tribunal, which he did. The Specotl concludes by assuring its readers that the most intiimate and amicable relations have never ceased to exist between the two Governments, anld that Austria is no less disposed than before to defend the Duchy against all perils that may threaten it. The events in Parma have only plrved that a State occupied by Imperial troops does not cease to be independent, that its rights are respected, and its Government may freely have even an opinion different from the occupying Government's. The above is, I believe, a fair summary of a long article which the editor of the VerYn Gazettethinks it ig,ht to publish in defence of hs patrons. A very fewY words are required mthe way of conment after the ntumerous details of these proceedings,3 v'hich you have received from time to time. In the first place, the crimes which took place in Pa-ma in 1854, 1855, and 1850 are undeniable and lamentable facts. In consequence of these crimes the Duchess-Regent was induced to proclaim the state of siege in Mfarch last, but I believe Count Crenneville was not the senior officer-General Crotti, of the Parmesan army being senior to himand, if so, he assumed the command without warrantt; but, having done so, it is idle to talk about the subsequent independence of the Duchess's Government. "M lartial law is the will of the General," said the Dukle of Wellington, and in Parma tle Regent, army, and police were equally subject to his controL When at last the Regent protested against the increasing weight of this oppression, and it was feared she might appeal to other Powfers for justice, an attempt was made to pacify her indigniation, and such casuistry as the above is put forth to mystify the public. No one, howvever, co3gnizant of such Governments as thdt of Ausri il be muisled by representations of this nature. The idea of arrest "on suspicion," for nstance, being the sanmetthingin aina under Count Crenneville's miltary govemment as inPiedmont under the lawsof the land is evidently too .absurd; andas to theremoval of prisonern to Mantua,why, the ver personL most in favcsur of Austrian interference in I=a were the' iost loud indenouncing such proceedings. It is cer,tafldy*ekind'of the writerquoted to render all the hoiour of thes'e acts to the armanGaovernment, bit, a's his object is to shift the responsibllity fronl' .the' souiders of- his own as much aa possiblej hia disintetestednes is rather more than questionable. - -oloels-RP>ead, Rib6tti, and Craufird, of 'the Amglo-ItIlii- IALgion, together with- FPayistsers and, Quartermst left here yesterday' fft'alti for the''po'.- of discharging the i meA.-n of :the e*gion: .there -who- -eanot4 Acordingi .to: the' rules of :this 3oi rmeut, return to - -.ie.- ~inoi Athat-"ii t6~say, -who- are no,t d sub 4-es ,"SSll baba ese for, m men ifour -Goverment doesnot obtin leve 16r bEanm to imturn-:Tio 'their. ['espeetive.teountries, and if the.y have fofieited their rights of citizensihip in their ownl country b>y the fact of tal;inE service writh ngland without at thie cane time -nving gainod tbe Xcdu -of s;3ritii luject . - their engagemeiit 6Xc Inder @ ]iope<-ierew noth & . eir n o thieTen riot atS lXialt bnt7thS ' eveivrea~ort n ar' thW sersferd a m,re ygezi,oii tprin tis difpl'yed bok the 'War-fee ro ' T, he ,lawy,ers of the legon b f wof i, once .m ther-natter 'of heir accounts, aI''-i.i;. victo cy ovier he officials, aid t,his gives them couf-~ denc~i in teir. judgment mn inte1pretiiig'their agree-: mnent,. '- ~'' -n ' 'd ,l -i . ''id -'S .'- .-, j.'. q .' -SPAfl'~ The Gaete piablishes 'e - text if the; esig-- nation wbiehi theeDuke-de ai; ttriaa htad -ent.-to the Queen,-in %dditi6n .ot s. intimation, m ee to'Her 3iajestr to that effec, It isthiis uncLeed "Madanm-The shattered otae o£ ny hertay does iot ren.tin(te to any longer prform the functions of Pxesident of your Councilef *inisters. Will your Xi&et Tdeig to relieve me of that positidnand:-g shill be grteful fo6rif au! - the greatest favour your ljest cas.o nfer on me May the Al 9'hty guArd diuing long yers theimportazf le of 3our lfEajesty I I have the fhonour to be,' Madam, your -Majesty's most devoted servant,- AB6nOnmoiR ESPgn LTEoRxno An extraordinary Gazet was published on ihe 14th, with the decrees of the: Queen acepting the resignations of the Duke of Victory-and the othe r Mansters,: with. rhose loyalty, zeal, and) patri-otugn~ Her lajesty declared herself hihly satisfied. Ot hfr decreesaponte&1¶e> opdola'Donnel, Cou0t. of Lucena President -of the. Council; Nicomedes Pastor Dim Minister of Foreign Adrs; -Pedxro :13ayarri Minaterof Marine; laudio iiton de i Diraga 3Tilster of Juiice;, Jose Oanuel ll1tado Minister of tPe MicWonist ant of the .Colonies Antoriio de los Rios tosaM enisterof the nericr; andMianual Cantero Minisder of ivnan e. imon te absence of an Luznriane in Rios Roaes is to direct Aoze Department of Jurtice, and General O'Donneil to take char of the Cots. o.n arrivalTho ge Mofthe 3 inistry_of ari ts the By nsother decree the Queen accepted the resygnation of M11. Cayetano Cardero, Civil Governor of Madrid, and appointed in his place oee. Manuel Alonze Alvarez, foraner Mutinister of Public. Workn, and member of thee Cortes. The new - hinistry, imt ediately after its fornation, sent to the Queen the following addresrs :_ "m aom,-Tos he r inittrlpresidad over by the Due (1 ia nittria havintg been dissolved in consequence of differences which have brok-en out in *t, and the diuection of public affitrs havins been confidedrto tohe espornsibe tuiyisteis who have nowe the honour to suftn the present statement te your majesty, the irst dut of the Cabine8t w,-as to considermwith calmness and impartistr the sit,tionin thhiewlthention is placed in consequenceof the fatnl and complicated concurrence of innueaerablecauses, pa*stnd recent, hich places it in a situation more saeious nnd more perilous than it has been reduced to during e present cer - tuy. To the excitement of passions, the hoc, of nteresm, and the straggle of parties which accompany and follo v the appearance of all ;colitical revolutions, are added. rderm, since the triumph of the movement of July, 15er the absence of systematic political and administrative leglation, lthe renewal pad the change of al the publio functionaries, the accumulation of questions of g reatimportance, either onl accotof their social a religious aspect, the dynastic wrar recomenced inthe provincerof I rragon, thv epidemy, scaroity, and continued disturbance of pubaic order in every psrt of the monrchy. ine order to complete this sad picture, t hadam, the late insurrecfthes, oE an eminently £seial character, thich prve aflicted the peaceable prooinces in the centre of the Peninsula, have spread like aplague into other provinces ol the coast and in the interior. It fas in vaint Maidam (and this isa sad avowraltoxnalke)-itwvssin vain: that the Constituent Colnesw in their intealligent fore sight, and the Cabinet which have gretired, with zeal and patriotism ondeavoured to check the increpse and srread of these evils and of these disorders. l either theapresence, the authoisty, tie co-op,ertion of the Parlimenlt, ner the use ol the power wyhich, o tihe last mment of its existence, remained with the lateGienistry, nor the sate of siegsa maintained or estatieshed on he great territorial zones, nor the action of military justice applied by the imepeious lall of necessi, havebheen able hitherto to e rblish poitical and socaldisoipEne, preserve publin peace, and consolidtcte material order for any length of time. "This crisis, Mnadam, evidently dematds a change of systemi in the Government of the State; it requires a policy ol union and conciliation between all men and tostards pal the parties w fhich etist in the lonsttutional monarchy; it calis for a just an eficient repression of m al the elements which agitate in the depths or atorkh on the surace of society; it requires, in short, Madan, the concentration and the firn' umnity of the public powver, exercising sunaultaneously its action on all paties with prudence, hut vith digour, in order that that action might retore its lost spring to the principle of authority, to the laws their respect, to the citizens the guarantee of their most sacred rights, to the people moral order, and to the monarchy internal peace. "It was in no other manner that, under circeustances incomparmblY less imperions and difficult, it was possible, Madam, both in Spain and abroad, to save society from dissolution, and nationalities from rui. "The (overnment, Maam, cencourages the finn hope that, thanks to the means which it proposes to your Msjesty, d to others which it has not now pointed out, owing to the haste in which it submits this sttement to the high consideration of your Majesty, it will be able promnptly to attain the object to which its exertions tend, and in which are summed up the most sacred, the most imperious, and the most vital of the duties of a constituted power. " When it shall have attained it with the invincible support of public opinion, energetically prononnced in it3 favour, it will hasten to fulfil another duty not less imperious-that of re-establishing normal order and submitting its conduct to the judgment of the Cortes, religiously practising in the administration of the State and in its relati ons with the Parliament the principles ofrepectfor the law and love-of liberty which have been the objects of the worbhip of your present advisers during their whola existence. "Animated by these sentiments, and founding our conduct on these reasons, we have the honoar respectfully to submit for your Majestys approbation the following decree, and subscribe ourselves with the greatest respect your Majestysis ost devoted sEorvnts, "LOWPOLD O'o-. "iICOMMS PASTOR DrAZ, "Ma Uzn CA.EEmo, "Am-Toz{o DR EOS LIoS M ilOsAS, "JOSE MA_3UEL DE COLLADO." The above document, -when published, was followled by The following Royal decree:- Considering the extraordinay circumstances in which the monarchy Is placed, and, in conformity with what has been proposed to me by-my Council of Miniters, I decree. as follows: "Art. 1. All the provinces of the Peninsila and the adjacent isands are declared in a state of sie,ge, "Art. 2. The Cantains-Generalof Provinces w;l resume, j and exercise duriig the state of siege, the extraordina poers which in such a state are attributed to them by the general regulations of the army, and the laws and pro. isions in vigour. "A Art. S. The Governent wi render an account to the Cortes of the use and application of those extraordinary powenr"Tr uas t " ~~~~~THE QUEEN (Countersigned) " Amnrosuo D: IOS iios -Y l0ss, Minister of the Interior,"
APPEAL& *- - HOlUSE-OF LORDS- RKy JULy Y -B. - c yny.. F I-. : NIr. bit, Air-HklI, andt Mr. Mott aSared for thne p- U6 rtsponde'nt.. 'rhiTs Wan sal frcm decree or-ite Court ofChl-a ee7, pronounced tbirXe Mkaikofthe Rolhr in two causme of "Finc Si rohb Seward Shba omas Colyer, tnd ~' T1iolnas Colyer r. Finch". -By that decree it was,ordered that'an 'account 3diould bso taken o;f w]bdA 'was due to the pailntiff in tihe ticnt srteforprineipl d. haret on a otaesecurityo eti a inostgagfseu'ya erpremisee,ancl,&hat itoe apti lInt -should.pay. bun- auch sum, together with costr1 witlih sin months. In defailt, te aDeit s to s debarred-ansi foreclosed frod ill-intaresf na equitr of redemptiondin 'he aaid snortgaged premises. 'hBy the sae decree the-bil bf the plai-ti dthe second suit wa3 di5nissed withl CsE.' The facts of the case were these :-Sir John Kentawrd Shaw, one of the defendants 'u thee fist suiS, was seized in fee of certaWiproperty situated at Southfleat, in Kent, which property was subhjct to i charge-of 200 perannmcm payable to Fracegs Ann ShavO during her -life, ind-subject to three legacies of 2,0COG eacb 72yabewithin 12 c;lendar motits after the death of the Mon. -1rs.TheodosiaShaw, IntTul' ESir John Shawtorroaied the sumof 3,M. froa MI resp-ondent, which- saun was secured by ` Mortgage upon tha property in question. Thte mortgage deed was prepared byiMr. John Haywrd, vwho acted.as the solicitor^of both. parties, andahe hanided~ over to therespon2dent certain doineaner,s which the latter believed to he heh title deeds of the property, and consutigwith the mortgage deed a pc:Fect secirity-tb the reponden for his advance. It subsequentlyi however, appeared (according to tbe stat;3ments of the o=unsel on both sides) that theearlier title dieds of. the estate had not been banded over to the respsondent. but had been retained without bis knowuledee or pri: -vitv by !Mr. .Tohn Haywafd, who kept them uhis peo.sesion. In 1849, in conseqitence of the death of the Ron. -irs. Shaw, thE three lega9ies. became paable, and the property Was offered for sale by public auction, for the puspose of raising the sunt necessary for their paymeent. The eazlier-title being produced the appelant becaine the pur-ebaser of the property for 8,2O0?., and it was convoyed to him-subject to the annuity of 200-. by Sir John Shaw and Robert. William Shaw, as ewecutors to the will of the Rev. John -Kenr.ard Shiw Brzooke, thia testator. The amount handed over by the appelLart went to satisfy the thxee le,acies of O,GW1. each, the interest due thereon, and the expens of the sale. The real title deeds wore then haiide& overto-the appelant, -who entered into possession of the property, whlchhe has held ever since. According to the appellant's case. neitheithlia abstract of title, nor any deed or document hbnded toithe appellant, contained any mention of the respondent's raortgage, and it wa.s not until the month of April, 1851, that he became aware of the respon dent's claim. On the 1st of June, 1852, the respondent filedi a bill of foreclosure in the Court of Chancery, and prayed that, in caee the Court should not direct posession of the property to be given up to the respondent, then that the appeUant migqht be restrained fromn.pleading, in any proceedings that Might be taken at law by the respondent for obtaining possession of the miortgaged premises, any outstandingterms as a barto the action. The appellant put in his answer, but Sir John Sha%v was at thetsirneof filing the bill out of the jurisdiction of the Court. On tho 28th of September, 1852, the appleant filed his bill against the respondent, prayinithat the 4osu t would decree t3zat either the nortgage of the respondent was invalid, or, if not invalid, that ho was not entitled to priority over the appellant's purchase, and that the respondent might be reetrained from taking any proceediugs at law to obtain possession of the property. The respondent having put in bis answer, the two causes came on to be heard together on the 16th of July, 1854, before the Master of the Rolls, v ho, oux the 18th of July, pronounced the decreo now sought to be reversed. It was argued by the counsel in support of the appeal that the appellant, as purchaser under a sale made for the ror- e-of raising the three legacies of 2,OOD. each-sucl. legacies being a prior charge to the respondent's niortgageacqufrea by his purchase a title paramount to the respondent's title. Then that, at alle vents, no relief ought to have been- accorded to the respondent against the appellant, because the latter was a purchaser for value, without notice of the respondent's mortgage; and, thirdly, that the repndent ought to be postponed to the appelant, because either he himself or Mfr. John Hayward, as his agent, was guilty of fraud or gross negigence in not obtaining possession of the title deeds of the estate. It was alleged that the respondent or his agent must havo been awvare that there were otherandmore valuable title deeds in Sir John Shaw's possession, as they were referred to in the documents which vere banded over to him. Oubehalf of the respondent itwas contended that nothing but actual fraud and voluntary and unjustifiable concurrence on the part of the respondent to the detention of the title deeds by Sir John Shawv or Mr. John Hayward could take away his priority oFtitle, that there had been no such fraud-orgross negligence on the partofthe respondent ; then that Sir John Shaw could not have set up the legacies as against the respondent's title, and therefore the appellant, as his representative, was barred from claiming a priority of title upon the ground of his having purchased under a sale for raising those legacies. It was also uxged that the appellant, having employed Hayward as his solicitor in a previous transaction, must be taken to have received notice actual orconstructive of the respondent's morfgge. Then that redemption and foreclosure were remedies correlative to each other, and the refusal to grant foreclosure to the re=pondent on the ground of the appellant being a purchaser for value without notice would be inconsistent with the clear sight of the appellant to redeem, suould the respondent recover possession of the estate under his legal title. At the conclusion of the arguments, The LORD CHAt'c=oR said that he had not fonned an opinion at present upon all the points submitted by the counsel on either side, and therefore the further considera. tion must be postponed. Further consideration postponed accordingly.
W7RITS OF ERPOR. ROTTAS OF LORDflS. FRThAY. JtTv.Y I S 3HE KULL OF MSOUNTCASHELL V. VISCOUNT O'NEILL. Mr. Deasy and Mr. Surrage appeared for the plaintiff in error, nnd Mr. H. Hill, Mr. Napier, and Mr. Coleridge for the defendant in error. This was a writ of error brought to reverse a judgment of the Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland, reversing a judgment of the Court of Queen's Bench so far as it was favourable to the plaintiff, and affirming it so far as it was in favotu. of the defendant in an action of trover brought by the plaintiff i error against the defendant in error in the latter court to recover the value of certain timber trees cut dovwn by the defendant and converted to his own use. The plaintiff claimed the trees in right of his reversion as landlord, the trees having been planted in lands held under a lease from the plaintiff's father to the defendant's brother for three ltves, one of which was subsistring. The defendant had taken and disposed of the trees as his own, claiming a right nnderthe23d ad24thof George III., cap. 39, which zvas an act for the encouragement of the planting of timberin Ireland. It wis there enacted thatany tenant for life, or holding nnder a lease for more than 14 years unexpired, who shoald plant or cause to be planted any timber trees, should be entitled to cut and dispose of the same any timne during the sid term. The seconi section of the act contained a pro. vision- that any. tenan' so planting should, -within 12 calen. dar nmonths after such planting, lodge with the clerk of the peace of the countv where such planiting should be made an afflidavit sworn before some justice of the peace of the said county, reciting the number and kinds of the trees planted and the names of the lands upon which such planting was -made. There was then a form of affidavit set out in the first person. That contained a provision for registering the irees planted, and also for giving notice, by advertising in the DnhUin Gazdte, of the intention to register the trees. The sixth section enacted that if any registry of trees .was suspected to be fraudulent the perscn 'considering himself aggrieved by such registry might make a complaint to the justices of the county, ivho were to cause a jury to he empannelled, who should decide whether the registry was fraudulent or not. If they found that the registry a as fraudulent, then such :registry should be void. Under this act there had been eight different piantings, and eight affidavits had been filed, upon the suffi* ciency of which the question between the parties arose. Upon the oc.asion of the fist of the plantings in question in 1816 the affidavit requiredbythestatute was made byEarl O'Neill hirnself, and the only objection to the right of the defendant to that planting consisted in the fact that the denominations ..of l±id mentioned in the affidavit, though both held under lord JUMountcashell's father, as mentioned in the affidavit, were notheld underthe same letting.. ,Upon the several occasions of the rernainingj,sevcnplantings xmade in subsequent years the affidavit required-by the stitute was madc I-.y the agent of the lAte carl, instead of by the earl himself. The frght of the defendant to all these plan tings was objected to on the groand that the affidaviti required by the statute must be made by the tenant himself personally, and that the affidavit of an agent was not in compliance with tEe statute. A further objection was made to the affidavit of the tUird planting-naely, that it related to trees planted upon two denominations of land, one of -which was held under lord hountcashell's father and the otherrtnder another landlord, and did rnot distinguish the trees planted upon each. The cause was tried before the Lord Chief Justice at the sittinms after lilary Term, 1852, wlen a special verdict was founuX and on the cause being mr;ued in the Court of Oneen's Bench that Ccurt gave judg'fpeiit for the Plaintiff aS to the first and third planting and *foi]thelate ViscountO'Neillasto theremainder. Both the plaintiff and defendant brought writs of error upon that judgment, and the Courtof &Echequer, on the24th of July, 182, gave judgment affirming-by Ia majority the judgment of the-Qteen's Bench so far as it waS in favour of the de. fendant, reversing'it sa far as it was in favour of the plaintiffl and thus givmng a general judgment for the defendant That latter decision having been appealed against, the cause w-as heard some short time ago by their Lorishipe, assisted by the~ learned judges, and three questions wrere put to the ratter by. the.ouse ior their consideration. The learned judF sihaving: taken timeto considertheir answers, L,r. 'Justice CROW@ER, ~in delivering their unanimous opinion this morning,' said that the flxst question which had been put tatbem by the House was 'as' ttho sufficiency of the anidavitnAde by the agent of thetenant instead of being =aade'by.the tenant. .iself--tbeywere cicarlf of opinion lthat @uch 'affidavit was" sufficent It gav the -landlord 2notice.of whas the statute iiitended h should be informed of-nsrnely, t1e number Eud 3inds.of treesplanted, andihe denosiination of the land upon which they had been plaiited, - ' a_.to dis.ingttislithehm f.-thoftres aiady on the land. I yaoi'better that sometrustworthyperson Ic4uaintedwit' ii fi&5 Ehonldpledeeh;i o-Da-Xt11tthsae eIi h fi d,ui'strua.than thatthe teniant, who mighlt tlnownothing *bi lo fact.t shouild dd so. 'Aifo the adidavita relating ;.if,at and third plantingx, they hid li'icre difficulty .kiupt lo a decision. Ho*ever, iiitk S'lrdr& tlie'trst #4 in wisIh tho affidavit included io'deiomin.ations g9v4ie un4er thu sam0 letting, altbbujlsli eId'under the sep's as*lord, it aupeared to thenttl lae'affidavit wa.s p u:]5cdeipt, becase ties ruile waato give the: landlord notice of the ' value X the trees plnted upon lu.s land,' aud the seffidavit in question did give him that knowledgre. With repect, to the affidavit mad~e on the occasion of the third ~.differeont landlords without diatingnishing4the treea planted upon each, they were of opinion that- it did not give such informationi to the landlQr4- aa- At oughit,to.:have Adone, and -therefGre they i idrijt was ,not sfimcient ui~der the ,ltatutc& They wer 'tbhefore of. opini.on thatthke-jndg., ~neit ofth~Curtot Mebich-4'er-P Chxbr was bbt. ~ce~as o th thrdpl*aiting, on. which poii& thei diffired fromthe pinin ~x~eae~ i th~t jugmet.-oinon
. W I- P W v PseR TA ' T OF CHANOERM ThCTnJTXeTm. TTT.V 1Q.- ¢,; (Defers die LORD C tCELLO,ItJ : .h.s" PODDA.M V. £OILXY., d waun apmple froili7Wdeeree of .iMe-Dhlaiicelloi Wood, and iVovIdth ui9ptoaitani que6tion'whetherA bond. debt waisa charge-upon 'or' payment otit of labd within tha 40th :section.of. the 3d. ind *4th.WilliamiV.,-cap. 27.- In the present case thle- itant, for iJfe,of :certai -retl estte under the will of Josias Readshaw. Morley, the bond debtor, paid initerest upon such- band debt from the' death of the testator, J. R. Morley, 'which took plods on the 7th of IFebruary, 1327, down. totle 20thlof May,1547; Aiidtha [point raised by the bill was whether such paymeent r- [vented the Statute of Limitations (3d and 4-h Wsiliam gV cap. 42, sec. 5) from running against the debt. Airt the arguments had proceeded some enigth, 1The LORD CnAzzCmLLOit interposed, and said that it would be desirable to have the assistance of tio of the [common law judges in hearing the case, and directed it to stand over until Mlichaelmsas term for that parpose. Mr. Bagshawo, sen., and 3Mr. Bagphawt, Jun. anneared for the appellants; and Mr. Willcoclk Mr. W. il. Jameas Mr. Selwvn, Mr. Caishs and Mr,r J. HL Palmer for the' several respondedts. (Before the Lons USTICEs of AvrpA:.) WALKER V. ARMSTRONG. Tliis appeal from a decreeof the Master of the Roll3, dis. missing the plainti's bill, has occupied several days, at .intervals, and was this morning.brougit to a close. The facts of the case were these :-A lady namied Aisne Walker is before 1S24 osesed of an estate called "Gi4arron " over which she bad, under her brother's will, agenerl power of appointment; and O£ an estate allled- !High M'ross in her own right absolutely. On the marriage of this lady with M&r. Rtobertson (who assumed the namo of WaLlker) both estates were settled to such uses as hus. b'oand -and rwife should appoint, with renlainder toDthQe1 use of trustees to pay the rents and profits :to the husband and wvife in equalTmoieties for life-Iwith: remainder to the use of the -sryiror for his or helr.life, with remainder, as to the Gilgarron estate, to such uses as the wife should by will or deed .ppoint. with xemainders to the sons of the marriage and their issue' male, with remainders over; and, as to the EHgh' Cross estate, to 'sunch uses as the husband and wife should jointly appoint, and in default as the survivor should appoint, and in default to the uses of the Gilgarron estate, in default of the wife's appointment. Soon after it was discovered that the settlement was so framed that if a son died r,ithout leaving a son, but leaving a daughter or daughters, the estate would go to strangers in preference to female issue of the sons of the marriage; secondly, that if there were no issue of the marriasge, the wife bad no power of appointDient 'over the High Cross estate; and, thirdly, that no isiue of any other marriage of the wffe could take. 3fr. and Mrs. Walker were advised that to rectify these defects they could do so by an exercise of the general power of appointment reserved to thenm by the settlement. Accordingly, by a deed dated the 17th of May, 1825, they jointly appointed the Gilgarron and High Cress estates to .such uses as they should jointly appoint, and in defauIt, as to the Gilgarron estate, to such' uss as MIrs.Walker, whether sim;le or married, should appoint by deed or will, with re-niunder to the use of her sons by Mr. Walker or any aftertaken husband, with remainder to her daughters in the same way ; in default,' to sueh uses as she should by deed or will apposit, with remainder to the uses of the settlement of 1T4; and as to the High Cross estate, subject to the aforesaidjoint p owers of appointment, to theusesbythe settlement of 1824, limited to take effect during the lives and life of iMr. and Sirs. Walker and the survivor to the use of 'the children or remotei issue of 'he marriage, as Mr. and Mis. Walker should by deed appoint, and, in default, to the uses therein'efore hnited of the Gilgarron estate, in defiult of ajppointment, by Mrs. Walker alone, as thereinbefore liited. But a nower was reserved to Mrs. Walker to appoint the Bigh Oross estate to such uses as she should think proper if there were iio issue of her by her then or anv fn. ture marriage. After this deed had been executed, auid in 1840, it was discovered that the life estates of Mr. and Mrs. Walker and t-he survivor in the Gilgarron estate, contained in the settlement of 1824, had been omitted. In this state of circumstances, but in ignorance of the defects. Mrs. Walker made her will, datel the 28th February, 1827, and thereby appointed, in pursuance of her power in the settlement of 1824, the whole or niearly so of the Gilgarron estate, and part of the High Cross estate, to her husband in fee-simple, and appointed part of the-High Cross estate to Mr. }1. ArB. strong, in fee simple, and as to the other parts in manner therein mentioned. As Mrs. Walker had never had a child, and was then 49 years of'aq, although the defects before discovered were intended to oe rectified, still the point concerning issue was omitted; but, as to the rest, by a deed, dated the 24th of October, 1840, Slr.'and Mrs. Walker by deed limited the Gilgarron and High Cross estatesto such usesas they shoald jointly appoint with remainder topay the rents to the husband and wifs and the survivor for life, with remainder to such uses Ps Mrs. Walker should by deed or will appoint, and, in default, to iMr. Armstrong for life, with remainder to his sons in tail male, with remainder to Mr. Benn for life, with remainder to his sons iu tail male. Mrs. Walker.died in 1854 without issue, and never having republished her will and donbts having arisen whether, under this state of circunistances, Mrs. Walker's will was an effectual appointment under the power in the settlement, MIr. Walker filed his bill to have the same carried into execution. TheMaster of the Rolls mi Janusry last held that the " blunders of the prifession and the pitfalls of the lawv have frustrated entirely the intention of Mrs. Walker, and made her die intestate, though she had, as she believed, made a wiU dispOSig of her estate <as if she had full and complete power so to do, and had taken the best advice she c9uld as to the nieans of preserving and executing her powers." His Honour therefore dismissed the bill. From this decree the plaintiff appealed. The Solicitor-General, Mr. Ioundell Palner, and. Mr. Cole were for the appeal,; r. Rolt, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Pole, Mr. Prendergast, Ir. Borton, and Mr. Osborne, for the respondents. When the ease on appeal first came before the lords Jus- tices, it was argued at considerable length on the question I of the effect of the deed of 1840 in revoking the power under which the will of 1827 was executed; but their Lordaships, considering that the plaintiff (Mr. Walker) ought co have an 'opportunity of raising the question whether the deed of 1840 was not inconsistent with the instructions given for its preparation, andwhether hewas not on that account entitled to have the deed rectified, gave leave to amend the bill. and forboth parties to enter into fresh evidence. This having been done, the case came on again for hearing before the Lords Justices soine tine back, and now stood for judgment. Lord Justice lSIGIIT BRUCE, after stating at some length the circumstances'nnder which the case came before the Court, said that it was now clearly established that the solicitor who prepared -the deed of 1840 exceeded his instrsctions and authority.' He was instructed to prepare for a limited purpose, and with the more object of confirming or assuring a life interest to Mr. Walker, or to him and his wife jointly, and that Mr. Walker and Mrs. Walker in executing the deed considered that it effected tbis purpose and nothing more, and that in going beyond this purcose the deed was opposed to their intentions and insbrctfons, and Cwas executed in error; and as the existence of the deed would form a blot on the title MIr. Walker was entitled to have it rectified, according to the instructions -which were reaUy given. The result would be that the testamentary disposition of 1827 would be established. The questions of la.w which were raised in th Rolls' Court were in this view of the case immaterial, and his Lordship therefore expressed no opinion upon them. Lord Justice TUsrD;x!: ejxpressed his concurrence in this view, and the decision of the Master of the Rolls was reversed.
VrfllTrAV.T.T.Rh' cnTrTT'rR T 10 S.MEDLEY V. YOrTER. f R-t-, R 91 Tr- .- I -inis was a sui tor a partition, Joshua Ward, the testator in the cause, havmng devised the estate in question in tw.elPhs, oneoof wvhich had been again devised by a person named George Mtarshall to trustees iu trust for his wife' Catherine for life, remainder to such person is should at her death he his (George hMarshalr) sext- of kin. The chiefclerk had found that neither Mrs. Marshall nor the next of 1in were hefore the Court, and therefore that no effectual partition could be made, and, his lonour havine on a former occasion thought that m revents ought to be represented, she now appeared by counsel and consented to the partition. There were certain persons in eiistence who now represented the next of kin, although such persons might not he such at the death of Mrs. M shall, and under 'these circumstances the question was whetherthe trustees of George Marshalls will and AIErs hlarmhallsuffioiently represented theestate, orwhether it was necessary to have some persons to represent the next of kin as s class contingently interested Mr. Glasse. Mr. Teed, Mr. Baily, Mr. P. Nalder, Mr. C. Barber, Ar. Busk, hrr. Hamvkis, Mr. Giffard, Mr. Benshawe, and Mr. W. Morris appeared for the several parties. Ihe YiCECLicELLoU. thought the legal estate was vested in the trustees of George Marshall's will, and there. forel their presence and that of the tenant for life was sufficient without having any one to represent the next of 'kin. (Before Viet-Chancellr Sir W. P. WooD.) ARUNOLD V. TE CORBPO3XATIO2N OF GR.VVSXND. PALISTE1 V. TuE CORPORATIOS OF GiAVEsEM. This case came before the Court Ehy way of a pr tition in tbe first of these snits, accompanied by- a miotion in tne secohd.' Both applications Were made by the plainiff Pl. lister,'who clainis to be a nmortgages of a ececific porti6on of the corporation property, under. a- mortgage deed -execnted in~ 1844 by-the corporation to him'with the consent' of thae lords of the Tieasury' pursuant to tle proVisionis of tho: Mldnicipal 'Corporations Act,'and who 31so claimed tD have :-&- ieu -or -charge -in equity over the >hole corporate property, by virtue of a judgm'ent- ent-ered: uPp and registered --against - the corporation ian his -favour in 4851 -to reoure the sawe-debt-. A re-eivemr- had thr4dy been 8appoited n t iirst suit at She instiamiofthe $sintiff Arnal d,'wheo had also]csafloed as a SjId dg M't no part tethat:uit. Thei. eceiver' had. leat apoilnli ,sci editoragains powtet t clhA .": Tc ppoi tAmeilt. subsquen in poi df this receiver bavik-omnto tbeakciowledfae 6-ii allist-r, IW now presented a'piti6n in ths first sult-sasking'to belet prprtgoipriged in. his mortgage aud by-motion in. his3 o"l uitfor a 'receifer 6verth, whqle property. b *jrtu. Of hlis laIeed chaes aldgietetz oeqct turi~ rnithea ciecyoftbh'e i onsaees givn 3ii~ the Lords of the T~ar inl~ie oridina-th ortggeine i8o4ay_bt -Vice~CaaiceUo considred, th ecose tes fcint subject toi ieivt. arcadMr ethgal aereds in the ct f the pwer t j thesoroato.An llr 5chokfr *ixersore beeIcilyitrse dn he s morlae xoe in 814cood at b inend~ as cnset. ovter forthpror.
PREROGATIVE COIJkTE SATrnAv- .Tmr -i I WALLIS AJD ANOTMER V. -YATES AN-D ANOTTTV.R (Before Str Jomt..DoDsoxf 'lhlS was a busmness Of ganting probate -of the last wi ind tenameent, with ai codil 'thereto, 'datd respectively thm 8th of October. 1853. and the 1lth of June, 1855, of Elizabeth LUvett, late-of ILisomlie-house, in the county of Btickinghan;aspinster. The rsuit was promoted by Ur. Wallis and, Mr. Randall, the executors named in the will egaisst Mr.' Ya*s,'a' lieiress-at-law, and the Rev. Roberb ILovett,7 one df th' . executors~appointed Xi n a will dated Marcb, 1851. Mrs. Yates afterwarads withdrewr from the suit. The deceased diedon thel5th of August, 1855, aged 83, possessed of freehold estates Qf the annual value of up. wvards of 3,00L The personal estate was smalL The prinoipal difference between the will of 1851 and of 1853 was the omnission in the latter of a con'iderablb legacy in favour of the Rev. Robert Lovett, and which he had taken in preceding wills, and the placing of Mr. P. C. Lovett in a more favouriablepositionthaninehi,cdlocupied before. The will waspropounded in a short allegatioc, to which no respon. siv3plei *giis ini 'but the wuibieset exanined won'Lt *were interrozated., '}t waLs said' -'that 'the decoased's attachx=ent to2tlseRter. R Lovettfhad never&abated down to her death- and the last will wasbposed on the ground that, although sho was notabsolutelydevoid of testAmentnryvcaacity, yet phe could not have been' conscious of, the alteration which she Was making. Dr. ADD."ts and Dr. B'FYEORD Vere heard in support of the will; Dr. J xN-ER and Dr. Twiss against it. The learned J'unGz entertained no doubt whatever of the capacity of the deceased, and he therefore' pronounced for the will and codicil, hat maade no order as to Gosts.
INSOLVENT DEBTOW COURT July 19. ir. Commissioner Philip , sat as usual to-day, and disposed of a number of petitions, but the proceedings were of no public interpst. I
- SUEI( 3IZg.- . I . , TETts, aIR ri- i, , ' S 1,Lyi9 I v 5. ..... - I' !-k-; . I'. t20g -,< ._ ..................J. 'A . 0V 19- - ;, ~7 TW rEE1O SN9 .An*H Cbowv.;Ceoir -eforec.A.-Baro;o,t3suirewEn.) Wilhsn; - Doysr Lth& ,W onam c fate. wilful murdetrof`hi,if,5ngfl3erLPla4 *at:th*e bar; the tzi,l wasreanmethii xornizg &Dclock; J '.:e':- : 3en:Tfomnpee schooclaster, of 4faeoraexiamine I hb e3oiADoyeftr li8otTme heu.,ecme to ki. 2farzft6ht Ikmans; lHiscouv.rsaioa w wild, iacobe;iet andisonzistent, dlHileir ieboout in lkig conlversatiou; ;.j: cou.4dot: purue Any; subject' abo,ve a minute. ' I heacd hit -d htu, jour.ey to Anezica. He said he engaged amolng the Redi IsdsAnila7id got to:*bbtheiruYhief,. and-ltrvelldi with thxem for-a o.nndaeibletime.' He1wirdscame,in contict-tfil a r. It- took' himup in 1t1-paws and )squ"2eid inis and attempted: to iuffoute h wimth jt hath, bybreatbink init ;his mouth.; Ee got at his hijfe andiaunched it irto him,iand'got hisbo6wels ont.: Xe want ba.ik to his party oflnaws, wlho-lhadrunsaWay from him, 'undifa ias croineid. 1 resh -uithiairelols. .fiinfid himson day on a road near hislown' house, in J rly, 1832. - Ias coming up.a bridle road, -and I WAw him laid Ot the road 'with-I'&faceCcoverM with his hadss His ayes appeared to be nid with weersng' Ispok3tohim and akedhlm'what -'wasuP, iid he n turned noaswer. I left -huu after bomB time; He' had. no ippearance of beig drunk. I knew himi suSiciently 'well, to see he was not: drunk. T;o road led to his -ov.n fielda. I have r. peatedly seen himm at- Aberford on horseback, riding -ps fast as the old horse could' go backwards and forwjls. He had a nal in his hand once when doing so, pricldng the orses bacik and .making him kick. All theboys and Wormen were lookin ou5 and runnin after him. He was not iriuk thenm Iionsideredhewasshowinghowvecpert he was on forseback. He did not like to be out in the dark. He used tosf5ndlorme-to gosom'e with him. He was afraid or goblins. He toldmoe he had been in the country and had seen tLiemreaping corn. 'EHe caame home wnd reaped his own barley,'hsich'was quiteogreen,"aind tid' he would iot bq: b hindeverybody. In the latter of 1854 he hAd given notice tO-q" his farm and he wishe& to retake it. He said le had employed awvizard to act on the steward. He said. the charm wvgoing on, and he was confident it wouid besuccAssffl Aterwards I saw him, and he said the chaxal was but, andI wits to notice'the steward-I sbould'se some ?epuliarities. He asked me once if I beEeved in wit-hcrft. 1told I did not iuderstand the art. I was with him twice in c4mpany with thse wizard. I dlid not like to cross hims- could not hevar crossing. The, prisoner was prwetising msgig once v,hen Iawas there3. He brought but a saucecr a plate, SODne gninpswvder,'and souse lituid in a bottle, sind sseighbosiia piece of ~paper and Jig ted it, and I and a nihorfarmer* wins wag 'with me ran out. He went to see some sheep. He showed rus over his house, and somne needlework he had done. The lharmer was astonished. From nmy acquaintance wisth him and observation, my opinion is, he isaman of usound mind. Inever had a doubt of it afterzI became ansuaintel sithhini. Cross-examinedie by Mr.. OvnirsD.-I have surveyed for iPim, and been paid for it by his-wife. The wizard, whea I sawv him, was talking about the formation of man, and said he could have made'him much better. fh -was talking about I a mason,&ndsaid if hehadmaIehimhewouldbavepla-ed the caveS of hislegs infront, andthenhe would nothaxve knocked his shins in going.up tlhe laddar. Mr. Ellerton rasthe surgeon who attended the prisoner' family. By his LoRIDsilP.-I am sure he was not of sound mind. He liad some intAlligences I should thLnk he knew it was wrong to steal and to commit murder. I - don't know tht4 lie knew the commandments. . All insane people, I should think know a little of the commandmuents Wben he tald me aeout the Indians .I thought it was tht fittest situation forhin m. It was very likslyfor-him -hunting and wild. He told the story cbisecutively, but with a littl gesticulation, end wildly. .I cannot say I believed it, or no1. I think 1he prisoner,beheved it, ht spoke it. with'such earnestmess. .He talked chiefly about America-bout miraclesandgreatfexts he had done. I believe he went to chapel. le did not talk much about business; le did not seem to know much about it. Mr D6vel6*ked over his payments. Mr. John Noble, the Governor of York Castle, eanmned. -The prisoner_wEe bronght into my custody on t1e 17th of March. I produce a letter to Harrison, which DI got finn a soldier who was in gaol - under a summary conviction. ]e was confined whei-e the prsoner could see him. (1tt*&s proposed to -out this in evidence.) Ylr 0 aXmFD obfected to its reception till it was traced. Mr. Jenicins was recalled, audl proved the lettar-te- be in t'he prisoier's handariting. Mr. Nioble's easmination continued.-In conseojaence of something I heard, I caused the prisoner to be, searwed. One of the officers brioght t4wo or three papers, whicl I prod-nce There i4 also,, a ltsei: he wrote to the schoolmnaster. His LoRDeUs'p held the lettars idAmissible, and they were put in and read.- One was e *onsiderable length, andi mas. addressed&to HarrtSoD, iwansti/g to-know if1he Would-gt cff, amd asking, " What infoemtian you have to give me relative to my nati-vity, le it bq wyitten in either millor lemonjaice,. or anything else thxw-iiis not show the writlg till brought to the fire.' - The letter wanted to know, ir he should get oft anc told aririson to burn the letter. The Ittsr to the devil, writter n blood and commenciny " Dear Dlevil," w;ES also piet i d read, askg to- h got clear of this trial, for-tobacco-i "aol, and for vealth.till he wvas GO, and signing hinstelf "s'our 'suhject,'" a copg of -aich was giveorim the report of the opening of ?c Btiss for the defenca. These docurents the witness co&msuicated Ao the .azgeitrates,-sand- th} prosecuting attorneyr were informied respectixlig them.' Cruss-exained.-He receisea another documen-at the saine time, found onthe prisonar. M5r. O BEReb.proposed to-hare that read also. Mr. BLIssj objected tolthis.; he did not tender it in evidence. His IORDsisP held.the docraient could not be celled for ky 3ir. Overend as Mr. Bliss'sevidence' Dr. Caleb Y}lliams,iexamiiedI.- am the medical attendant of the Retieat' Luuatie Asylum at York, and have given ittentian t6 insanity or'30 years. I have been in court Iurin thee whole of ths trial.- I also examined the prisoner- a fen days bbfore 'thetr,ial. I consider him. a person of unsound rnd,. The evidencc which I have heard in this ceourt l,eads mne to that conclusion. His violent emotions, his. batlf *in supernatural ~agerty are indlications. The comimission of horrible crirnes antd suicideare fr-cnentlythe result of irritation on the part of weak and insone persons. The effect o all the faots-de'eed to leads me to.the conGusion that heis of usound iema. Taking into account tbat he liaed vwriten and said similar thinms before aboht selling his soul to' the devil,- I thiI hias letter to the devil was not simulated. The lettex appears to be wvitten with -blood. I had conversation with himn about. that letter'when 1 saw him, and he tald me it was -vritten under Sa-tanic influenco. The result of that conversation vith hili was, that in my opinnon that letter -was not simulated. Ikhave no doabt thaot his-ilusion, that lie had sold himself to the deiil, was a real-one. I believe lis ineantations spoken of'(his production of the sancer nd other things) were conncted with hi, belief in supernaturid agency. I think- his asying he hd put a,;l on the'stieward arose from the Eaine belief. he letter to the ecSAolboaster in which he 'declares his sanity is very lise .het ' is often done by insane persons-they often declare the;F ate sane. The prisoner talLin to rar.ouspemoemas be ~did about strychnia'showed.- the weakness of h m;d The effect of drink ona lunatic is to male him violent aaid dangerous. Personn Uable to insanity would eshibit a tendency and! incliation to drk think from wh.ka I have heard he has not thdpower of controling his emotio3s end passions- 'none i of themat all ti3es. There wouald be periodA when he would have control over none. The circumstance of hit shooting the cat-indicated an uncontralable imniulse 'o mit io or takb Jifd ; land seein it was not eipended in injuSing the ntan he shot the cat. The eff&et of confining a person for aeveal weeks oni stritlysoler diet, who has-beforeheelssbject to.get drunk, would be to reduce him to a calm condition.' The diet in the Castle is sober diet. From all 1 have seen nd heard I consider lis powers of mind auaing the fatal week were probably influenced bylis notions regarding supernatural ageicy, snd that, consequefitly, he-was! the subject of delusion. During that wleek, laboarimig under such delusions, he might retain his lioLwer of adantili" inssue t,o an endand judging of consceuences. te-woldQ-not under those delusionsha'Ye the;o~pwer.oCre'snsmzn an'y ,mirpn'lse. hv Cross-examined bMr.; Ovrnncx-I heno-ii ohbjctioiis toi capita punhs hts. I a5oinot believeth-in, to ae brrong. el stwoor.thrse hours in the prisoises company. Itisnzare for lunatic with the kind of insanity: of the - prisoner to take life br poison. I should not call adniisiister,in"lpoisoni yiveor sa times an impulse ; I should call it a pr6paiisiO.- I should caU it an uncontrollable propeinsity totde_troy life anid to give ain. IFor the time it would be a permainent condition of the mind. It might select the -speci.l object, iand constaxtly. seek opportuiitie3 of 6arrSing out the propensity. . I think a person withsnih a propens-- olld not kiiow that' he was deiog wrong.' I thnijk he might fe3 tthe c-s'e4uinces, and wlsmd know tbat nuetishment wolc followv. -e would kmiow that hewas bsreakeing thei Zli ; probably..L I say that :because-: he would have ;s yary inc6rrect., appreciation of right aum wrong. Hcjwduld not k-nowF at the .timo that he wpald be !hangid. ,r Ii'nd ,haf. opinn on the occupation; of tlie mind by' the iisae. 'p:repensity. -It is uncertaiii ihether he iidnld kniow it before he did it.- Heinightafier he had done it. HRe might doa mnurder secretly, because he ,uld. not .vthereuse do it. _A,propensity of that ktn. genierally acts . wibolut motive. One of the peclnharities is, . 'theta person seens no escape, ana en'certa6win cases' a'cl;g-w ledges thecim he is'charged iwith: 'The propensify may' come on suddedn1ly- an impulsiicoie on-6 suddenly-a.pin- .*peesity mote tfrequently comeg 6it slowly, And lasts for a coniaerable6tibne, Xf I nlapi gwei 3y to ins passins .nu coujmits 3 r-ape, t,calle that ab & ie,; and 'not- propensity-. Suposing-a.ocruel man, who wlshc& to get iid of hi wi nd qares'iith *her, in' thef an trct that woid be avJ. Su posir'g that mn hadtaken every preetson ain't dieco,edv1ns.to } roc;,re--omnonfor his wife afid to pre.: p~are forher drA thI,t should think that a vic and nol a: de uppim e u ingaanipu of a -crueldisposition had foue'd am,ie ~,bhis> wi P, pn 'wanet" e~e-fhr :tht ttW-iusaite- irope sij' Ido notay that eve-ryinwhto dislikeghis' ife7la-rdwisbm- to get ri of heris, thiee- '',for,e inisane. When he acquires the propensity to kill and., edmtpousrl ith eis insane-, hi v lkt-w6a s'th iife~rence between that'% ~dcraii&tie'fh~lP5i2~iee,anda Ithe pro'p-ent-ety, tolcoth ;!rhiid-4isin.AU i4I;Fta ldi requar-e &a history- f tht in1 mii ioiat, -Wi Thi ,. !> , ,.,.-- - . ;-_ 2fr * -- ,- , ; desire beomnes uncontrollable, when'doest;he deiirgl bome insanity! WIen, by uiourishing such an idea. his wini -becae. d_rad-nd--ecsannot iontr? hu c*~htirmora inaanity.-+;I,at-. ap,fli&e(to other YLm0 iIt at man d1walls tn the e OalOn &rwomin till ha- an t rol -his deire, would that b a- ri-dintianil;v? It-ht b3 r insjdom ig i anpl to rae,- - aaitj m-s a : tendeny to thieve. _heft is one ofthe mdhati ej i - .1unnity and a man may isa oao h at .4ooda.tihhe nnot contro! his acts.. Ieistheaiasa. I oamsn perzuitshnnssiuf to indu l aupaso ti'it-lem I toont&Ua&VeItht is morsl-finit ,i*an he is, .*At -aibl. .LCoCsulting, sceeCrer;, ad .all * Uitiliobe ii0s -jndicIiv.u a -weaminJ. Belief inair= o iia- i &eamsiazvot naoeily a indication of inuti. Abdief inl itualmrpines, Ihlouliid,A r, rs ar ond fa~ ~w imiind. -t T ink talingto variou r,De about AS tryii; as the p 'er4id,-n indicatiof eo i :-ofn "d-PalkM6was.hu did about strycirri be ert -_c-of £;wif~~eagdth-,indicated a-felebin ind.f , R ecxanin.dblfrq.. zeat.-WNS.-Lu itdtifene --I oieone tfime .iharcterialtica of insanit; and! heaig atrch- ns'iaandiPahner's txialnmuch,taked of wouJl. be v.rlikely' in aweak-inind'dto-produce imitation. It is neiet, to know Iaman's-hlstary before- you- an expre ah opion *heAber oertnuacts of :his proceded from vi.ce or in.anrie. Madneas: ery frequently developed itedf in great - cung and foreeighte&-ess when reasonijig on fale0 pre. isisesn I hlave frequently knowi ins'ae perona Itteinpt o eepe fom 'the asyltini;and- i'n-te'eeperntions they hare iinads they have;'freqisently showtnvery gr-ea1 clei'r.s and! theirpreptionslve often cov.ered msy eay3. - Spaose you had heard the case of amaun ut to you who wiibed to get rid of his wife. hbad from hih childhood betrayed cruelty of -diposition,ihaadtried to id-oot his father, hGerd supernatural noise, sometimes treatei-that wife with kindness, and sometimes cried like no otheriman-wouldyou -have any doubt in the world that that man was insane?2No, and not fit to be at large. - Wouldyonhave hzd anydiffieclty, as amodical man, from wati you havo heard,- in certifying the plaioner a Iunatic duiing the fatal week?-None -whatever. Lunatics have -often -displbyeagret ingenuityin committinga theft and' incnceainrigit., As to te passion of lustit frequently be.comes a disiase of the mind. When the nrfioner gave his .cowi one nightlinseed cake to fatten them ffo- marketinthe 'morning, I should -deem that an indication. of unsouand m aied. X By, his UloDSIIM.'-I think it would require a longer period than a month to esablish disease amd-an nucoontrolable propensity to commit a crime. If a mam eommitted a ciise, having thotiit of itfor a nontli, I shonild Dotaxy he w-us of -unsound mrmd. The period is neceay Tory Uncertain, from the variacle-effect of- emotions de ciruamstances on thg mind.. The dHference would depedon -the length of time. Some men's m-inds previoutsly weeakwould stake ashorter time, and very exciting circuistsances wrould shaorten the timq; bntt fiere anust bs an appreciable period, and an interval for t21C mund to pass mnto a saorbid condition from- the continued contemplation of some object. Suppose at the time when he shot the cat a policeman had come in, would he have shot the policeman?--No ; the pre.sence'of the policerwan wonld probably have controlled him; he would probably have expended the impulse on some person, or on something else. Unlessthe person is exceedingly violent the.presence of a policeman would have some influence to control him. Whenever a man commits a crime is it because he is uncontrolled by the existing circumstances ?-It is. Then, -what is the diifference between such aman and the case you put ?-In the case I put the imptlse is uncontrollable ; his mind would be so occupied with his purpose. Is it true of everybody, sane or insane, that when intent on an.act they forget consequences 9-An insane man would be more likely to forget consequences. Sane as well as insane people would talk about occnrrences; how and what they talked about would depend on judgment. Tihe witness viished to say wxth regard to the question as to the cat, -that he thought, if the impulso of destruction was strong at. the time, he could not control it, and must have shot something. Dr. Smith examined.-Is proprietor of a lunatic asylum at Lecds, and hasbeen for la years. Lunacy is a branch of study which it requiLes great experiexe andstudyto understand I have heard the evidence, and I believe the prisoner to be of unsound mind. During the fatal week I believe he was of unsound mind. Cross-examined by Mr. OvE:RESD.-I believe he has beon of unsound mind for 20 years. I do not thikl: that he did not know right from wrong. I think he did Inow right from wrong in the fatal week. Re-examined.-A decided lunatic very often knows right from wrong, ned yet may be decidediy repariihsa of any consequences fronm his aEceH may be ultterly unableto refrain from doing anact, thnagh he knew it was wrong. Ican't Usay the prisoner wae utterly unable to refrais from wrong during the fatal week; . crucnstances might have encsbied 1i.m to rerin -other circassotnces. By h Dis 1 siRS.-Not a greater degree of penishment. I have already said, he was entirely repgrdles of consequenoes. or. BLISS obpiectad to the examination no conikmed by hia Lordship. His L11DsISU-Mu. Ms, I am entitled ti>, and, in my opinion, Uboand to, andi-will put, the questiones. Witness-continned.-Not possessing the poison wesld be a bircumstance whichbwossld have prevented lha. I believe during the week it wag- fw sm the unsoundnese of the prisoners mind that he was- regardless of consw.enoece -M. John Kitchen eur,ami!bed.-I am a sur&orv sa'd superintenfent of the Retreah, near York. There ase above10 patieits there. From;th eesidencein this ca6-vrhieil have heard I am of opinion tiat during the fatal week he was insane. Besides hearing t&e evidence, I exained tlaprisoxer-i the Castle in, the-presence of Dr. WiE5ime. Crose-examine&-13 think it is probable thed d&oi the fatal week he had some-knowledge of right sad- wrong. I- have zno doubt he had seome knDwledge tbat he-was coinmitting murder, andi het, if. found out, Ie would be punished. Re-examined-Hlis condect that week, from, tIa-history of his previous life 'w,'iJist wFhat I should have .expected. I believe him to have been insane-all his life. When I say he knew he vas committing muder, I mean he probably knew that he was killing h3s- wife. I do not mean hy that. 'lit hsmknewhewas-doingc.wrougact. I thailik}e would know that, in proportion as he kmew the difilbresce- between rieht and v-rang. ry an jurong.-Do-yo, adopt the theory of Dr. Smitl as to irresistible propensity in mani,-In general ternis, I do. Do you adopt that theory during the fatal week ?-I do not adopt it in this case, li aEcowam for the rounder, if he com;nmtted it, on diffiront principles. We lave aman of deficie§nt mental powers; besi.des that, he is insane; lieis 1isbl&to do any absurd; cruel; vicious, or larutional action thae. presented itself o his o mi as his wlsde life shows. Supresing him to be insane. I should not- apply the ternm "vicious" to him or "meiligoazit." We havehewcdin evidence that. ho was educated by pious. parents, pat to t-he best ichoals, and Was nnable to receIa2 the smallest amount of education. WVe see him- carried- awayto do the most foolish act.% Where he lov-es he loves. with a foolish intensity. Where he hates he hates with as foolish maliUnity; aud if a woman puts herself into the sower of soch a man as a wiea what has happened is jus4 what mglit be expected fron him. By Mr. O-ERruen.-I think he knew right from wong, that it was m-onguto steal and irder- lf he murdered, I leiould expect him, to deny it in. that form of insanity. In oPe form of insanity they oxwn . crime-in impulsive madness. This caso was only partly i pulsive, and I shoul& not expect him to divulge it. I he thoaght of this crime bafere he committed it he would kowr it was wrong. He probably would leawn it was in his -cildhood. It is impossible to say that N'en he committed the act he knew- it was wrong. I doe't know when ea would knov. it was-wrong. I cannot give an opinion about it. Re-examinad.-There awe dangerous wards ia soiae asylums; I sbould not expect to find the greatest nuber of impulsive lnnatics in that warod Sometimes impulsive lunatics ars dangerous. The keepers have aninflue:ce over them,-arental influence. They formerly worked oa their fears, and tbus kept the patients nnder control. There is a m3adness which comsistsni a propensitv to kill; if a stranger Were left ivith such a man in a room iloue I should expeci Nm to exercise 3is propensity and kill him; and yet that patient would yield obedience to his keeper. irobably the fear of some chastisement would induce fe of the keeper. This was the case for the prisoner. Mr, OvEmP. thee proceeded to address the jury in reply.--He said theyhad heard the evidence, and the admairable speech of his lemed friend, Mr. Bliss, and it now became his du ty to address them. He hadc only a publi duty to perform, and if the evidence pointed to the faot that the prisoaer had committed a cruel and deliberate murder it was his duty to tell them it was theirbounden duty to fndhuim gilty, if he were not exonerated bv the defence setup.He wastbound, onthepasrtoftheprosecution, toedsablishthevprisoie?isguiltE -To estiblishthe defenceset up of insamity, it must be clearly pi-roed that at the tim.e of - the commissionof theact theperson accused was labouringunder a defect of reason-a disease of the mind, so as not to lnoIw the nature and quality of the uct he was doing Iiind that- he did not know he was doing wrong. That wis. the la*. HIs .earned friend had set up a double defence, and increased the difficulty of his task. As to-the -defence of insaityh;e should show beyond a doubt that-the prisoner-wa'sane. He rws surprisedat the witnesses calleI byhis learneafriend to prove this issue, but still more at theI vitnesses he had not called. His learned friend had never cross-examined -witnesses as to the prisioner's conduct airing tl li " fatal week," as it had been called. H1 dared no1' cros-exiamine Mrs: Witham as to the state of the -pr4oner's iaind that week, and as-to his conduct He had nrker ca4led Dr Moaes-, wla-saw him day bd and-who had 4ttended l'im in his youth and had zttenled has family, anld hislearnied friend ha neverr earid to cros-examine him .as to the pnsoner;ssamtitv. His learned friend had not asked a W.vord of Mr. Sarth, or of MF-, Peacock, or of Mr. Noble, tliNgoe! o i fehegaol o~rofthesurgeonoftheaodlasto 'the's4tF-of- uindofSth-eprisoner.- Hebhad.*ed none oEthese witnesses; 2nd. on -thespeculation -of: doctors like . Dr! W4liaans - and the other ;doctors called, and l- ats |of. crhelty 47ne by lhi - 20 years ago they aought to st -up ahi insanify. -Dotrines -more dangeroura than Atlo,e propioundid-Aluit dy -cduld not -be; -under isuclidoctines vice . relgnedhiimephaat, Dd a man haa-;oni to.w sclkeA oneugla-to be -prononmcedinsaem "id akoiheAth was:safe.. .Didhis learned friend honestly believe. the prisoner -i1lsai5rWhi:y a:hae-not cros-examuneathoseFwitnesie$lae had iaiite& hey knew is experience, - iai if be w-eore if aid of ih Jalswers of those`witnesses if bei-had not f`ndencezin his c'ase -t-wsprudent in him- iotto cwee-ieiai'ee thos" wtunesse. .2lrs. Wood had detailed varions hicts he h iad 4one - .jejelievedlhe.wasa -bad boy, and that he yas a, & nA : jndiiifthis trial had takenpla ein France h~bE1il&haviiet eiven the evidenoe his leariea friend hiad d1one, xuandave- aown - thmit lie hadb"ihad from his 7eeth a dIt;theFj...bhi 'Df ae'edattsarau -svaidenS gi+Lr. Souse of *e:et- spoken .of as _h,r j' l him Ylbywee-i.cln-hsse tting fire o te setain f.£riexalam$ he thlrew water,.onfibeaw opast oat the tir Thi wa o ostae ofiasali{ty,Xeity £dzoitLed thl-boj _ : .. .: .i . ..: -- .. - : ! . -a- a bad and cruelboT. i i i vicet litot ii; 2aty rs. Jelnku11sh%dn VdtbAt one I ,Sht he jed into -trmweendonsrage;preaecse of mwadty W-u dap~;NAAed. . --Thobaniagteet4ta h wien i - pb on they oughta t o hes.e-h bxt~ ~ ~ ~~~t they ;1io. Mr. Ill mi"IgaM'wA4' iu,n 3dke boy U be. - Had t--_ ead his lok*s re He w d '.~~~~~~~M Ib=os thOe.l ewa JotU agiLameongt iththe iQ aiNgtn't 3no. es ae11e1111 ters. atcla - 1'.. He wiasfoud Of ptoi"; bte t he ad never irbiusdfhdther. eni s3ams the Presia the 'h 7ears adage, histor Aoc4 Latin, and obL7mistrysalluwig Jand yevt t wasmld beo ul adw not ern thezosiatshe -of iirepY' Theu hejuVmpo ine this fenice o wasb - Irosy `e idica lohs tbe.waabadboyid 3adnotd'ny. Haesouhiepl t-!C of a man perpetrating a rmel mu rder that nLeess h aee:11r and 7boy. They'w6e not in-tahUeriords of crit anioDrocruel mrder tan vthi qhich had leeu prpc ellorYieUi ddd 'they expet him not to have bes n ahe adpoy!,- RHi_. mas w o one suggeated ihsanitY tillt tee peshenforit eomQnt,'I iit bwas an afterthought.i H.ei daDgiedw ith- rs eincekio bwthre Hear afterwhs. Tcrearb f-the bt d steet enl as -men Of iUnch scenes; so the -prisoner,'h*d-ceased doing ifalY crel acts as he grew cddp. If they hwtould to prove hioui insane they oht tob called ste4rard. and Mr. Kin,, tan&the doctorsrhozttende htis wrifet at the farm; they would have shown howrbe msanga_~ his farm,-and wlieher-he paidahis renk~t~id-w)it']l-iisilil conduct was.d They yaidhepreikedabeowithaknife ; 'betthait was whenhe wasaboy, endmoay_a,- bany shi3 bean fagged, and -righlY.-fo smrll-."iCthen w1up had afteewards -grown -p a'o aitan, 'S H7ews Allowed to go to Americadc alne, and" relta saore 1 to . taki a farm-to marry; an'oh.a said bight f VW e was a luniatic all the time. Woslci-Xrai Jenkins, if she %n4user' fatlhy had thght himo e dasghtei to) 4narry I~im; or, if she -had thought bins 'insanez.fewr. warden wouldehe have all6*6d hec daughterito'f6 in? Woa-ld Mr. Dive, his father, have allowed hins to marry? Talhk o, opinions-these were at,end th rovldhimf o.. beth ought sne. Well,li kelit a sawildogo. Wasthat an i- h- stace of insanity? He sent cards on his mirilage ta M:r. Markham anA to hi. groosa;,the groom.was pretty ussr his' uwn 'tation, and he probaebly knew him, and d-. Markham washislandlord;t,ohiuit wanaproper markof respect. Thea he salezd the Pough -1andleL Where were they to stop? Then he pried his horse ith a rsil; it was.a creel act. -no doubt-,nd whether he was dtrnk or sober nobetdyakold tell. - Howmrany fsr,samrs going home drunk-; pricked their hores to mnake them kick-? Then he shot a cat; sitFA3 , Ycrul act, 'but be might have dens it because it destroyed game. The prosecation said he was vicious iron bhfhoot, and having a motive and a strong temptation he murdered his wile. Then it was said he set fhie to a woian'ws ca hat's that? Then he told stories o! his travsis :-the ,stoies of travellers wera proverbial. He c*ied ofteni; 'he got drunkl- and caused muisery at his home, and ii. was a,natnral on=seuce of hi acts n the Sereant, Emmna Spencer, spk f Mr .LDove as "1a bad one.' It t be that she wad injudicious pa her condauct; 'at is migit' be6 that those girls thraw blame on her t-o Siav thii manp . The he destroyed Isis beer. That mighthav. hean an inidication of resolution to try and become temperate. lus. havingtaken the temperantimpledge. Heananaged isis farm, associated with people, ad now they said he was insne. heni he jumped over fences on horseback. It was ridiealion putting forward smeioa acts as evidence of insatity. Yon:ngmen do such thingscontinsually. Then it was saidahe spoke of black potatoes 'he ai h erndcusl "I have eaten them myself, Iland this witniess, becceus(p be was ignorant, said his s byingto was evidence-of g adtess. Thenl he used threats with firearms; but his threats ended in nothing-notes-en in.smoke. Again, a-witness said, "Iset him down for mad because he said he had onc" had a lark withi some cots by puttin- vitrio on t. hem." Wher, he had done it I Then it was said he lay on theroad, and that be indulged in soery with a maucer aud gunpowderand late. Theyhad noexplanation whatithmennt. me srobibly wAs a -very queer and eccentric. fellow ayid acte- from impules, but hat was not the questioh, which waBntherlewarinsane. Hadhe put vitriol onbs cowsat Nemantoes hed would have heed punished* for it as a crime, and whatedverd the, crimea be is eqully responsible now-, butit wias because his leif isi dauger that thisn evidence of' insunity is brought forwardi-to save him from the scaffold. He snbnitted to them thatpthe wDole of this story of hia antee-eY4tife, was proof o icrused A nd vicious disposition. t hattoto issant ,y. Tak te ae poor 2 bo Ermte atreete an iflDa to.&ligtaisreofiehd preceded khisvcrime he *oioulds I havehad rin toctors to prove shm dised. HsDoent let it be saia~atietma, ahd bo imsisyoth,is to be spared when siet up acm its a crim in ano btepausea, the is in a highr poitin. Werewere his mother and his sister, his cowss .hpantry,atns they had they not been called tb wha.en . s all as toohis mind those who knew hies eheeInstead these, nenhadtriee called from madhoasa; hall-=vd theribeelves. (A laugh.) His, mother and s-ister Werte at his house that week-why were they not put forwardl? Ever;y v6toess that could have enlightened them was left out; every moe that could myst5fy thene was crlled. Tse judgutest of Dr. Iussington in thefDyos Sombre case -was5 thattIke facts -to which doctors (le osred, and not their picions-loise.were of weight. The eviece of these gentlo=Pena&sdiffrent. One said the prisoner was not responsible in any way;. another said he knew sight from wron,l; and a. thiird sa&dhe accousnteafor his condnct on different principles to tihe other two. Why. had they not called some emAiLent mnan from londfon? Dr. Williams's thieory wa,if a muambated his wife and thoDught of it Iong enough, adhardened his-heart and killed her, he was irresponsible. EHis- Lordsh!p.asaked, low long was he to. think of it-one monith, ornsmiontUs? Weretlaweyto-be-told-that,if ,ensof their daugh,terswas-marsied t-oama whbo got to dislike her, he bad only to harden his heart long enough against her.mid then leMi her, and be would not. be responsible?! Was, that theory to he set up in a civilizedI couatry ? Suppo>se a mars iusteda after a wom'an, and do. terniined -to, possesa her. He ha only to inidulpe his psIoraandldesiruiong enough, andthesi b might commit a deed o.fviolenceandoszime agaist heravithsimpunity. That iwv,~fiath-theory oflDr. Williams. It wasamonstrous. Thenit was-samd he acted uneder- an uncostrollable impulse Did ever Insana-man- act.uzder a series of imapulses, coming 'or -at a particuilar time, juist -wises the mnedicine vwas to. -be taken. Did theyever-hear ofsuch an impulse? His learn~ed friend set up' the-th66ry that the first attaclesarose froms hptsiria Wasibpobablaesheshould haveliystnria ayaftor-.dsay;vith all the snptomsofathuia;anddeLatluastunquesti'ocably frO`1i the same Symptoms, and fronm strychniael Look at the probabllitiestofthecase. 'He would takesitasaf-Act proved and inisputable,-thLm she, died of strychnis, and that dlay after day smvll, doses -were administered to her, producing the attacks under-whihe she suffered. Had the prisonerpsssion 'efstrycuhia? It was not denied that he had.PWaS1 theri, iD' mot-ive? It was admitted that he disliked his wif~e, and was cruel to her. He put lightly the dlesime to mak-e love to, mrs Witham. Yery likely he pDUt confidence in the sorcerer ; many people in. the West itiding did put confidence. in Such foolish. peoplel. He consulted bansabout his wife'h death. The magician. told him she would die in February. She got betuer.. In t'he meantime Cook's intquest came on. IDr- Taylox said, "1Strychnia can-not he found in the boay."o Barrisenzeadthisto him. Here was achance! It was suggestiv that be was not insane, lut. wishing to get rid of his, Wafa- Liere aree the mesans,-` Can you gemre soine itrychaiia 1" "I would not for the world," saideHarrison.. "Oh, naever mind, I -wil get it somewhere else." 'Where ishe to get it? He goes to his inedlical man. Re couldl not get it anywhere e3se without a medical certifi cate--be could not purchase. it elsewhere Theta :he acts as Palmer wishedl to show-lhe laid done. Palmer saidl he hnd7illd a o.dog; hesaid.liewould kMaiaet. He asked for it openly; bie was obliged to do so. Do youL study Pereis.se' 7ialeria Medica to teach you to kill cats? Why not use arsenic, or opium, or belladonna, which he had! But he learnt that strychnia was the surest and deadbieAatred most subtle of all~ poisons, and couldI not hs detected. He proclaimed his having poison and.said. he had llMed aL cat anda a mouse as his justification. Buti what becaLme of those live grains he afterwards obtained? He biad killed the cat and the mnouse. WVhere werelhosefivegra=n? Could there be a doubt that they werinteboyofpooMrs Doe?Whywa.she in the. eurgy-fimndthee cnfusd? idbe get poison there, thatnlgt! hy ut te gs dwn?He said he was goingtohiht hi pip. He new here heDison was. It I ws i tht vry eek whn se ded.His 'learned friencd then.set up accident; it wasinthe sink-,the parlour, the bedi IrcoMi,the pantry, and the death imight have been caused by [ac~cidlent. But jal this took--place tenL days before. The icbeee, -all 2txit reenineimd after the poison-'wAssopsiislded leyIhimi 1)_uzon;_ WAS puLt' in the fire. We. say lie knew Ithe.ir "_6USprmnkhng. "With a-Aeliberation.and foresight. as cliaaz.yma could-hawein that box, if so wicked, -ha,' s~abid h,waisedthe Poisosi for cats. Hecautioned his wifet abot ~bon mdhe illd te ct.He took every precauati'on.t prvent discovery. The poison. was an-jintense bitter'; the 46oh3'vehirle :which could disguise it'was bitter medicine'.. - Mrs.. Dove complained, -and cried about' her hitter mefficiad.: T-alk of accident,- it was imApossble ! It .could niot have been dbgisguid ini food. Was it insanity ? 'HerEiwas am'Otive. Hie bears ifhepredis_posesher bya, saisel dies e will is ot die perhaps, but it willprepare her -friends for'dat'h, fleRives her a smaill dose; be rushes off'whea shelisic alltto thedoctoi. Hesaidltohin,I --Nopceftsosrfere exaininatiosi." If'be did it 'wihcungthdoorsa it,is -he cunning of a mnadman;if withi injus,i a h seitI5 hf a ma4ma; -if 'With forethoUght, it W-as tha: foirethongth of-ja mnadman. There wais no dealing "with thes& doctors. He epats the dose. He azain, see his doctor, *Dd enrat si hat there shall be 30 Poet%wsrlcse exami.. naticn.: -Hc says his'wife'difilkba it; h ut what did Evmma~ the~ "If Idle, an omtare'Way, let L',ri , , _ESie -I tecontents of my snicL Aha woman's instict iL Sho knew -the inan. He z4id liewould giVe her a pill was it, tlecs, lie lie tod whenls- saicilsis wif. betdtnof 'acre an xanuntion? - I'~so wasit ifrons' 'fier ojf seune'Te seea i'eXseamination, hiIXAunts- bun, e'ven ~-shbi drnik, .-Mr.'Ilorley.hear of stryhs- i cszsnehkafiash x ine eiaence -'u on'hiui,'s.dxj nise lie c exthlhe wriits tohi, It is hamrrwioig'to bars4, tins 'oelove&cubt i';p-do 7ot( east any- upcwranse . 5 0N.. body ba blame hum. f 'eihiw 111d gesLn erpjan thatif -d lwas-rattosai Was thiiftheletter of amaeanoro A.mah hfe "sai' was amnost*n idiot?_.Is not httel'~" ef a mIn.'who- sees the danger lie is in,"aidw''otn plaes-idperl!Mri. 'Morley inAsiss on haInthboy 'opn6a; &aziK;nhebe xssib'to it._ He ebnsnte, kovig 'Icmink ~ ~~ ithh Bus poisoha? Whire' as. t.i i st-hisissis llbrntee'oine?Bt eeaa,"rar~ 'awcsaa.5 ioolbs tais P',OwgeiWie a 11n nailm We i esyD. o did isrM. Do .7saer. *tvs~ai~cie t s~.a - -~~~~~~~~~~
WESTERN CIROOflT. WINCHESTER. JY 19. (Before Mr. Baron ILitrnt.) SHARFE AND ANlOTRER V. MACAUJLEY. Sir F. THESIGER having summed up the evidence of the defendant, M1r. Serijeant KING4LA addressed the jury in reply fo° the plaintiff last night. The Court then adjourned. This morning, at 9 o'clock, the jury having assembled, Mr. Baron MARTfLT summed up the. case to thejury. This was an issue directed by the Master of the Rols, in which they were to inquire whether the document they hIad seenw3s the last wil and testament of Mr. George M Icaley; and he need not say that the investigation had been conducted with extreme ability. This case was not only imtportant to the parties to the suit, but especiaUy to the public, because all inquiries as to wills were to the public of the very greatest importance; for it was one of the.great motives for industry that a man before his death could do what he pleased with his own. The question was whether Mr. Macauley was a man of "sound disposing mind," which were the words used by the law, and he would endeavour to give them his mear,ng of those words. It required no great intelIect to make a will. A sound and disposing mind, he apprehended, was that a man ought to understand the nature of property, the use of the property, the benefits arising from it, and. 'he ought to understand what his property was. He apprehended, also, that he should understand that the law of this country, for the purpose of preserving peace, pointed to certain persons whb were to enjoy the property after a man's death m the event of his not making a disposition of it; the real property went to the ddest son, and the chat'els between his next of kin; and he ought to know that he had the power of counteracting that by making a will, and leavingit to others * and he ought to have sense and discretion enough to be ale to select persons to enjoy his property after h-is death; and he apprehended that a man who possessed intelligence enough to understand these matters had intelli. gence enough to make a will. Therefore the question was whether Mr. Afacauley was or not a man ps sessed of that ability. He should recommend them to look at the acts of the man, and especially his correspondence, and if they found he was writing letters of sense and intelligence, and receiving similar letters from others in the same manner, it was difflcult to say howv a man who could conduct a correspondence bf that kind was not competent to makea will. He would recommend them not to look to the opinions of others, but to the man's own acts. HisLordship, havingthusgiven his opiniOn en the meaning of the words "sound disposing mind," wentw through the evidence at verv great length. (There were no less than '95 letters hich were written by the testator put in on the part of the plaintillk The jury retired for anhour and alisl, and then returned a verdict for the defendant. DORCHESTER, JuLY19. The commission was opened here yesterday afternoon by Air. Serjeant Channell. There were four causes and 16 prisoners, one of whom is charged with the murder of her husband. Mr. Serjeant Channell this morning took his seat in the Crown Court, and in the course of the day tried al the prisoners with the exception of the murder, whieh is left for Monday. Mr. Baron Martin has been detained at WincheBter summing upi the great will cause.
MIDLAND CmCMT. LINCOLN, JULY 17. CROWN OURT.-(Before Air. Justiae CRESSVWELL) William Boyden, alias Jackson, described as a druggist and quack doctor, was indicted for the manslaughter of An tead, at Wintringham, onthe l5th of June last. Mr. Bell conducted the prosecution. The deceased was the wife of a labouring man, who, having been in ill-health for about three-quarters of a year, was in the month of June last attended by a medical man named Bennett. She had been suffering from fever arising from cold, but was getting better, when, on the 7th of June, the prisoner, a perfect stranger, came to the house, - and, after makiDng inquiries about her complaint, stated' that she had abscesses in her inside, and that he couldcure her. She was eager to try his remedies, and her husband consented. 'The prisoner then gave her some pills and a draught, with directions that one of the pills should be taken every other night, and a teaspoonfuI of the mixture twice a-day. Accordingly a pill was taken and two teaspoonfuls of the mixture, but on the Sunday night the poor woman was seized with violent pain, and appeared to her husband as if she were going mad. Afterwards she lost all consciousness, and lingered in that state for a whole* week, at the end of which she died. On the Monday after she had taken the prisoner's medicine he called at the house, and, upon being told w ha happened in the night, re- lied at it had, been too strong for er, and had touchedcher brain. He promised to come andseeheragain, butnever' did so. On the same Monday Mr. Bennett also saw her, and was shown the remainder of the draught wliich the prisonerhadleftforher. Shewasthen sufferingfrom congestion ofthe: brain, produced, in Mr. Bennett's opinion, by the mixture which she had taken. That mixture was found to contain lobedia inflata, an acrid narcotic, in the proportion of lialf an ounce to the whole contents of an eight ounce bottle, so tbat there would ba about five grains of it in each teaspoonful, and Bfr. Bennett deposed that, although that drug was used by regular practitioners for spasmodic asthma in small doses of about one grain, the administration of two doses of fire grains to the deceased was very likely to be attended with fatal results. The prisoner, in addressing the jury on his own behalf stated that he had been for two years assistant in a dispensary, and had often seen the same " simple preparation" administered under the advice of medical- men with good effect, and that he had himself in the neighbouring-villages cured many persons by the use of it. The learned JUDGE told the jury that if they believed that the drug administered was a dangerous ruedicine, and that the taking of it had caused the death, and that the prisoner, professing to cure, and dealing with dangerous medicine, did not bring to his task a reasonable degree of skilland knowledge, they ought to find him guilty. The jury found the prisoner -luilty, but recommended him to mercy, and The learned JuDGE sentenced him to three months' imprisonment. FnsnA'r, JULYv 1S.- (Bcfmse Chief Justce JEavis and aCommonJimry.) WSON V. THE MAXNCiEST, SHEFFEILD, AND Llh- COLESBIIRE RILTWAY COMiPA?NY. This was an action to recover compensation in damages for an injury sustained by the plaintiff whle, as he alleged, he was travelling as a passenger upon an engine of the defendants from Grimsby-Docls to the Grimsby station, in consequence of the negligence of the defendants and the insecure state of the engine. Mr. Serjeaut vayes and Mr. Rlowers were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Mellor, Q.C., and Mir. Boden for the defendants. The plaintiff is a mariner, and in the month of March last arrived by boat at Grimsby -Docks, which aie distant from the railway station abouLt one mile. The line of railway is, however, .dontinued to the wieiside, and--the company run passenger trains -to meetthe Hambirg - boats, but not boats compng-frdm' other places. They also use-the line for the prpose of: conveying goois from, the [ docks, and on the day in -question the plaintif whoi had with hima large seachest, inquired how hewas to get it u- to the station, - he being on ' ns way todndosito join-hishIj,;nJ HIe was infornied that upon payment of ls. it would - be takuenp by-the goods engine, and be accordingly'-paid the - sllmng. 4tai time said that' lietwould l pto thestnion, asfourother passengers-bad dope , bitishortly j aftervds he was-;told, cecording to his' own acgount, thatlihewould.be taken up to the sbation npon the engine, .and thit; though -the driver objected, another of 2 the 'company's- 'servants insisted - that he -was t9 'o upoh it.. '-Ee did so, - and durinig :le journely one of, the-ubies- connectel with tho 'oiler burst, and both the plaintiff and the driver :ware very badly' stilded. "It- - -p ired to becosir tonthe ieglations ,of the compainy for. I aonyeueX travemijupon. an gine,ec -.-ept`the drivy and' :stoker-, hut'an attemnpt was-nade tmS ahow.sithatere had, maeyertheless,Jmcen ajrritice'of takin'gpasengers[nubon. theBgodit ngules from the ddclka 'tothe'asaiin -witha thei' cen-,. sentfofthe-pllntipal dfiinrs at that station. This,\ however. F-'e 2earned Jub^c dare-etiag -a" n6nsuib, 'o5i"tl - ouhd tha -±RpwS no evide'nce of any conltrast by t ie dIe- fedanta to - r ,hf,,sa p.menger noon the engine. p o (Z4o X e-'es a c CX Cr-Jsnrzisz'and Spcddl .Tusy.) 'WALREl!:lV. GOa'Mn XNOTHBl.i I 6 ~ Thws aWuaction for aL injury rastained by the pldntiff -en consequeuce of the -defendants,, who were, sued a the clerks to thoe:Comisifiirnj of 'the 'oith 'Nlavigaflion, ang rieglocte'dto-keep in repair jlook at Alvingham. - Mr. Sesjeant Hayes and W.r B6den were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Mellor,iQQC, and Mr. W,.,- FAdams for the defendants. - t - - The navigation i qaestion i6 under lease to the Gr2at nthem Railway Company, 'ard'thbs action was subsFantially defended by that compauy, who as lessees were under obligation to the commistiosers, upon whom the original, I iabilit was'caat, to,keep the locks and navigation in re lpair Uhe- action -wa broug ht, however, upon a clause in the act. of Parliament which authorized. the lease of,the navigation; whereby the commisoners were bound to zive itotee'to the lessees of 'anir waiVt'-f ' rer, 'ind' ere enipowered to enter and do' tl-o repairs if a thlessees fter such _DotiCofailedto daoi and the plaintiff'scAe consisted in ,provng thattheAlvmngharui-l6ck wis out"of repair that hadl'fallen iu, aind'that t'h sniaigation - had -'een otitrcted therebz, so that loe (the plaintiff) was unable to delivei'a Iloado wheat; 'andlost his freight.. ,,; , The defence 7a 'that the lk hald ,been recently exasnined and had falen in,by reaeon-of. an acident not connecte'd with the gene'ral want 'of repair and'that, though'at onte aitof thc lock the iall' blgid inwrrd, it had done so fr eats,ad awas hot wore ,up to theX tim 'of the i6cide4t -tbai it bad b~een.before. Bnt iun coint of fact, the defea6e failed; and .vredict was talen for ,the pliintiff- damages ~221,'sulbject to the 'opinion of the.Court Abbve'bt`'Aie "question whether, under the statute, 'the action' was faintainible, and, 'if oain ol0'at all, *hethei the pliaitff was',entitled'to dambeagesfo itbiee gtenti-onohis cargo ' Cem SiDr.-(Beforc Cl7defe Xvseice. JzRvIS and- a Spxcdel - ~ ~~~~ -rJufw) r . - : , . CALTrHIOP V. THtE GREAT 'XNORTEItR RAILWVAY CO5INMANY. This wsa an sction founded upon the provision in t'he RailwaytClauses.Act whereby railway companies are bound to keep the fences of the rsaiwayin good condition. Lr. SerjeantrHayes and Mr. Beasey were connes for e te plaintiff, Mr IMellor,QQ.C,' Mr. W. H..Adanms, and Mr. £rewer forthe defendants.- ; Mr.Calthropisagentlemnof prope rtoccupyinga farn in Ileeping Fen, which is intersected by t e GyeatNorthern Railwak.; and on thbe 2d 'of, November lasS he had thrie valuableyounghorses'ina-fiddadjoiningthe' line. In the course of that uigbt the horses escaped through a gate on to the line, andwere run down bya. train and klled. Tbat gate (which closed with a 'spring. catch)' was the only means of access from the turnpike rdad' to' the laintiff' shous, and on several occasions he had comjilain:2 to various servants of the company thatthe catch or.fasteningof'thegate would not act properly,.and that 'consequently the gate was quite insecure. The plaintiff and '-several other 'wit. nesees described that a sUght touch would unfasten it, and that it had a tendency to fall back as soon as unfastened; and also that uponbeig slammedl'to, instead of cl6ging, it would generally fly open again.' The pTaintiffdrovethrough the gate about 6 o'clock in the eveniDg' before the accident, I and at that time both he and his groom stated that the gate was carefuly shut after thra. 'The horses were then safe'; bht it was a dark and'stormy night, and the 'plaintiff accounned for the -accident' by supposing thi,t one. of the horses had rubbed' agiinst the gate 'and so copened it. The next day the plaintiff went to the stationmaster at the nearest station, 'and stated'that hbe should expect the company' to compenrate' him-for ths loss which he had siistained. After that he hid interviews 'with the engineer, at Peterborough,' and other servaits of the company, to whom the defect in the kate was pointed out, anid about a forut,!*t afterwards' an alteration was made in it. On the pp Yof the defendant several of the servants of the comparm,Pwere called ; and from their evidence it abpeared thIv the accideit took place' about 10 o'clock-it uight, anJjtbat as soon as the driver of the engine gave infdrrnation, Jlmd the bodies of th&chorses were found, some ofthe compan4ls servants traced'the prints of the hoofs up tothe gate i,eiuestion, which ws then wide open. They shut it, and ppnounced it to be 'at that time in good order. The eng'ueer and gate-inspector, upon subsequent examination, were equally 'unable to3 discover any 'defect -in the gate, and expressed their belief that if shut with proter care it was perfectly 'secure. The 'station-master added that 'when the plaintiff came to bun th1e day after the accidenJt, and saidthat he should look to the company for tompens'ation, he inquired of the plaintiffwhy he bad not used the chain and lock which he hed received from 'the company for the purpose of fastening 'the gate whep it was' flist put up; and that the latter replied that no company should com. pel him to lock his gaties in that ay.' The plaintiff, as to that, explained thati as the only way from the turnpike road to his house 'wvas across the 'r'ril*way and through this gate, he could not iceep it -locked without completely stopping np the access to his house. The suggestion on the nart of the defendants was that when the plamtiff drove through at 6 o'dock on thepreviousevening (itbeingthen dark) the ' groom had probably not taLen 'sufcient care' to fasten the gate afterhinm, uotwthstandin%his master's oraers to do so, and. that the accident was attributableto that neglect. Thelearned JuDGE summed up, leaving it to the jury to decide upon the conflictig evidenee as to the sufficiency of the fastening, and telling them that,in order to entitle the plaintiff to recover, they must be satisfied 'that it was insufficient, and that by reason of that insufxdciency the accident hapened. The jury retired for a short time, and then returnedl a verdict for the plaintiff,-Damages, 1457., the 'Vialue of the horses ' ' | >05o3- CoURTn-(BefOrC Mn-r Jkstit"eCnvssLn.).- Philip Bridge, aged 41, labourerg 'and Geo6rge Hall, aged SO,' cosl'dealer, -were indicted for stealing ",arious quantities of cok., the property of the Grantham Gas Company. Mr. Roberts and hr. W. EL Adams conducted the prose. cution; Mr. O'Brien defended Bridge; and Mr. Cockle defended Hall. The prisonershad filled S very respectable position in the town of Granthaim. Bridge had beerl in the confidential service of the Gas Co pany; and to him had been intrnsted the duty of superintending and taldng aocount of the delivery of coke from the company's premises to customers who came for it. Hall was considered a respectable tradesman in a considerable way of business; but from the'evidence now adduced it appearedl that they had for several years been carrying on a syatem of fr.ud uIon the company, whereby Bridge allowed Hall tosupply his customers with coke from the company's premises without charging him with it. In some instainces 'fall had supplied his customers 'with coke which was tsken from the companywithout any entry of the transaction appearingin the company's books, in which Bridge ought to have entered it. In other instances the entry by wasridge W9Sof a less quantity than that supplied to Hall - and Hall consequently paid the company fora less quantity than he received and sold to his own customers. Both prisoners were found (uiltp, and Bridge was also convicted upon an indictment for embezzling three several sunms of money which he had received on account of the Gas Company. vJULY 19. This morning Philip Bridge and George Hall were brought up to receive the sentence of the Court. The learned JuIDoE said that it was a very painful duty topass sentence uponmenxwho had filled for a long time a respectable position in society; -bnt the -case was a very bad one. The offence was committed under circumstances which presented no ground of excuse ; and though Hall might not suppose that he was committing a felony in being accessory to tne misconiduct of Bridge he must have known that he was gimiltyof a gross fraud upon the gas company. It was necessary, therefore, to pass a severe' sentence upon both, id 'that sentence was that, upon the indictment for steal' aug,'Bridge should be imprisoned for three months, with hard labour, and, upon the indictment for embezzlement, thsit'he should be held to penal servitude for four years, and that all- should be imprisoned, with hard labour, for a year.
ZOFTWOTI (fTlRMpTTT, CAMEBPRDGE, JULY 19. :lne commisson lor tne county of Cambndge was opened yesterday, and the judges of as&ize having attended divine service in St. Mary's Church in the afternoon both the courfs were opened at 10 o'clock this morning. The cause list contained one special jury and the common jury causs. Of the latter, one was settled. The calendar is humerically light, 1utm most of the offences specified in it are of a heivy character. There are 14 prisoners, of whom four are involved in one charge of larceny. The other offeno5s are as follow :-Assault with intent to ravish, I - bestiality, .1; Virlary, 1; bigamy, 1; concealnient of birth, 1; man. slaughter, I; post-office -robbey, 3; attempt to commhit suicide 1; larceny, 1.
OXtNORD rlTRCqT. _STAFFORD, JUVY 18. ,IVIL VOURT.-(ffeCJrC Air. Baron ALDRusoi anw vommon Juries.) XEhMEDY A'.D. ANOTHER V. THE OXFORD, VWORCESTER, ANiD W0OLVEkHA.iPT0OS rULWVAY COMPANY. M. Alexander, Q.C., and Mr. Corbett appeared for the pzlaintifs; and Mr. Keating,' Q.C., and' 1'rThipson for the defendants. ,. Z j ThIs was an action in which the plaintiffs, who 'camed 'on business at Wolverhaiupton u,nderthe style of the-Ueo r- stonelHematite Ore Company, sought to recoverdamages from the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton EailWay Comipany for delays in transmitting the- plaintiffs' trucks, contaiiing ore, to the various customers of the plaint;ffs al6or the defendants' line. It apieared from a; c6rrespohidence which was read that the delays complained of were, ameng other causes, from the- companv's want of locor' o- tiv& power. Before the case had proceeded far it appeared that the plaintifscomplaint embraced about2,000 particulars, which of course broight the trial to'an end, by the counsel agreeing to refer the caise to arbitration. CRIU;ANA COURPT.-(BeJ0r Mr. Juslacc WG TMA&. H. Mainwaring, aged 27, painter, w&at charged wvith bigamy, in marrying one Elizabeth Oitley on the 25tE of December, 186, at Wolverhampton, his wife, Eliza31aiatvrngbeinz the 'alive.-, - - : ,: , ' I!lr. M'.MaEon; appeared for the proseclihop Mr G. t Bro vne defended the prisoner. - - .It2aiipc;red tat in the mnonth of only, 1848, thre prisoner was married to-oiie Ilizz Good(nan at a Wesleyan Ch aper at *Dunatahie. HIe lived with her'for several' ears,' r"d thAen deserted.her.-:, In the m6ntfi of T6ovemUe, -S.'i5, hel 'was at *I1iiierS in Sbropsbire, iand there met vith a y,oung ivoman-iiamedliliza Outle', whom ie induced tomay him, by pretendinge-thathe was a single man and that the young ladv to whom he was then paying his adidresses was the o-nly lady he had. seen whom he cotid 'marry. Theibanns were -pblished--at St. LPaul's. Wolverhampt6n.- The- !roi6cutrix' a*ived ini that fovw-non'the-24thfof D6cer;ab'r, 185d5,'and 'AS mafried tm fhe pison'er_the 'eit day. VIThe r went to ondon, ad lived togetheit1Te4tWof-March;whtn the prisoier deserted the young aw6nin - vas afters, '-en fie'f0th of 31iisch, t&ken- into' Wustody, living ,ith his frati'if&'- Soiiedifflcul't *as experieneoed fn provr:ng the firstminaiaia6 -B;ythe 88th sectioijof the Begiatration Act (the 6th and. 7th WDiliamn IV', c86) wthe 'rtgiatjmds'&erltificate is made eviidenice of marriages solemniz'ed under the Dissenters' Mriage Act (the tIs and. 7th WfiPlla IV., c. &-).Provdea thn brtumathi:o- rxamped wwgith -aennedha U nse' - 'i-l j -ax'iocertidesate as proof vf the farriA~etn h ,woulc take .teto U oosiderwt ovd'ow sufficient. -. ' - F :. 2fb pr ntaixE 1z bjcO e t wa ' i 'l. heiii xaroane w Sew poried, andt thatben hedeseite ind Loendn le ld eft er _?estitutein a strange*plate 1her aa, ahe*Uebody a-' tht'sertook aweay her osea an£ - money as well t ie' _eand a evm e oo .nd p v herandesnc itherp-vsoaf fehich-.M rud the pr .~ethid' ~froiiShropshi.1 - :Xr. BnoW.-aid that,h he a ithelee ne eo OWN,t'h tck tsher:lteadxoe asBilas u Lad'been sentothetprosonetlli f firstwale' * waadead. W hI, 'ustice' W,1 H1j(A_V-Yc x5akest that liests-heheard his lirst vilfe was stil Alivetb fDPrsoyerihad acrsiple~ of conscience about-continuin with the .:cond. wie? Buntd ithatex:tendj e po ray her clotheg and moneyn?' - a `1 h i ' f The learned gentlemai see kied-to-Vaink that this wasun-' c s. Jlfs *stic&Wrd,rMj?sen paed sentene Veupon -theh "phisoker." His, Lordshi mid l he prisonerha iitl an. cspacieble anoury Upon the runig6wioinmn tb'hc r6ss dBddthitsconduc towards er had beofher dosie ITe l'edesriftion. Aftere rtecapitula in thfac tsh canswe, hifLordheI 'Said -nohad inever know- so leait is 1inx,'andt isentced' the' d 'pr-sbns er 4-t6 oqUr 't 'nisgirs S id: sidlis should.eionsi whheze the ycint!y proved. - *; ^ i - Thecprisoner, who poea not a little surpried by ,tel I ~~~~~~Jr.w 19.:- CIVIL Comur-(Befboc Mtr Baron. ALDm=so l and ' ' '~ CmomsmeJui-cs.) IhTTaE (AD.MIISThMlTOt OF J. 'LITTLP, D3)CZASEt" V' Jr. Keating, QC.. and Mr. Scotland appereld for iho plaiitiff, and l,fr. Hluddleston and hEr. -Phipson lo: the defendant. The trial of this cause was concluded at a late hour 3asj night. The plaintiff, Benjamin little, was the administrato of hisdeceasedson, John 'Little; abndihberoughtthepresent action against the defendant, Joseph'Hackett, i coal-master, torecover dasngeis under Lord Camiphell's act, for the eeath of his son,, a adP 12 yeara of ae. The defendant wa& a coal-masterand the owner of severaleoalpitsin Stafford. shire and Worcestershire, and, among the rest, of a cosipib at Causeway-gtsen, in the county of Worcester. The negligence imputed to the defendant, and which caused the death, consisted in the non-complianee with the Ist and 5th 'rules prescribed by the S.tatute which relates to the inspe& tion of miines (the 18tb and 19th Victoria, cap. 108). The second section ol the statute enacts, among other rules, that the following shall be observed in every eoalnine and colliery by the owner and agent thereof:-" L An adequate amount of ventilation shall be constantly produced at all collieries, to dilate and zender harmless noxious gases to inch an extent as that the working places of the pits and * levels of such colieries shall, under ordinary circumstances, le in a fit state for working." "16. Every working pitor -saft shall be provided withsome proper means of signalling from the bottom of the shaft to the surface and from the surface to the bottom of the shaft." It appeared that sit G o'clock on the evening of the 25th of October, 18w, the deceased descenled the shaft of the pit in company with two ren named Wlliain Harris and William Bocth, and were to rnemain in the. pit till 6 o'clock the next morning. The shaft( ws about 180 yards in depth, and they were engaged in driving a "gate-road," which they bad already carsied about 20 yards' At, ibout half-past 9 o'clock the men' came out of -the "orking-to the bottom of --ihe shaft to have their supper - and 'while they were - so dn! gaged the "damnp"came down tieshaftthrough a " heading t, 14yards above themi whichled into another shaft, ian whiclh there weresomeold working6. The casdleswereextinguished, andthe "damp" then beganto'sink upon themveryfast. T*ne deceased sad and Harris endeavoured to climb up tbh' chain attached 'to the bucket, but were overpowered, ana tank back exhausted. Their companion, Booth, 'howevev, by the exercise of great' p'resenee' of mind, strengih, and perseverance, snved' his lfe bv dlinbing 150 rds up the chain i audi when his strength failed him, and ho couldT 'et no higner, he socceededin attaching himiself to the chaint bD' a strap, and thero remained abouat sx hours, till howas dis-' covered in the morning by a bov passirg by the'pit -mauth. While _anging en the cham he heard hiscomL!ions i the - pit talking for several hours but at. L ht-he ow by their breathing that they were dying. 'The man'Booth wvlo' tbus saved his life gave his evidence'as follows William Booth said,-On the t5th ofOctober lastI wint' downi the pit with arris and Little: * Itf was my' tu2_'to.' work all ight. 'We were working-throaigh iTock to get' t thick6oal. WVehad drivi*gate-road. 25'yiids. It situ1 -eeot*ideabli'dfrban 2to 3-fiet h4E-' wenft'Ltoh'hioti,tbm ung shaf't -At' 14'yards from the bottom of the blo,wing shadt there is art air head leading into the blowing sllift. This was for the purpose of makiug draught. "It is cat mary to have a '" trumpeting" t6 new worl-s from' the aii-. head. Itshould be carried to ihe workings. It .wav sUtcompleted to the bottom of the blowing shaft * about three or four ards wore done.' The bucket at the bottom -was attached to a chain. We perceived' the damp coming to the candles. Then it came stronger and stronger from the drawing shaft, through the air-heAd, out of the old holIDwk, and put out the candles. We went to the bucket, ana called oat up the sbaft for help. There was no one to heir us. There were no meansof communic tion. Harristried toget up the chairnfirst. The chain -was half en inch thick. and four inches wide and flat. There is iron and wood bh-' tween the links. He did not get more than tbree or fpslr yards. He came back and stiyed while the lad tried. The depth of the shaft was about 180 yards. The lad got a little way up, and said he could ndt get fthiter, and camae back. I got up' about 150 yards of the chain. Theyr r41maiined alive for about six hours talking to me, and begging me to climb up and assist them.' Theygotweaker andweaker, and I heard by their breathing that they-were' sinking and dying. I was forced toflstenimy strap to the ch1ain, and get on by degrees. It took me about six Lours, to get up 15Oyards. The " stink" for Eome time 'reach4d up the 150 yards. I got assistance about half-past 5 o'clock,' and was taken out. The " stink" would not have conle upon us if the "trumpeting" had been complete. We could not get the air. Cross-exainied.-In the 'drawing-shaft there were old. workings. I never was 'down the drawing--haft. There must be old works somewhere, from the " damp " comig uponus. It came fiiro"the air-head above. couldtell that from the smell. Soimetimes it came stronger than at others. After I got ibove' the air-head it the damp) seemed to rise. It fiUed the bottom, so that it could not. rise. One sbaft seemed to struggle with the other. The " trumpeiing" was not begun from the bottom. There vras not 12 yards done. I did the day work in the gate-road the day before.' I did not find any " damp" there the day 4. fore. I had worked there three weeks. Thomas lietL vwas called, and proved that he had previously made complaints of the want of air in the presence of the defendart's bailiff,and that the pit 'as nt fii to work- i.,dthttepi otftt Before the plaintiff's case was concluded a conference took place between the counsel on both sides, which resulted in the settlement of the action, by the defendant consenting to pzy the plaintiff a sum of money agreed upon. The amount was not publicly stated. A similar arrangement was made o£ the action brought by the man Booth i'or the inuries which he had sustained, but it did not appear that the representatives of the man Elanis, who was killed, had brought any action. GARDINE9 AND 0TIRnR V. IXNNELteN.' 'The whole of this aay (Satufdy) till 4 o'clock, when the Court adjourned, was occupied- by the trial of an issue directed by the laster of the EoUs to try whether one teiia vieweg c,ildyn was, dg eoverture, delivered of 'a -The trial was iiot concludeddat 4 o'dlock, and accordingly it was adjourned till Mondiy.- (Ir. J. G. PHILIUORE sat in the Grand Tury-xoon day, and tried several prisoners. J - t '
. PoLiC BE.. :- lsIA'Sox-.uo1;SM.ir Arthur Macnamars, of the Lon- don General Osnaibhs Cojan-, -was siummonedbefore the LORD M.lAyoli for hav'ing unlawfully used and let a motro. Politan stage cairis eir notice had been ven by the police that such camage was no longer in a fit and proper' conidition for publicse. The secretary to the company a peared for the defendant and pleaded " Guilty." He stated that the illegal act hsid ,been cormnitted in consequencee of the brekidng down of la ne%v omnibus, the place of which it had been found necessary to supply for the accommodation of the public. The LOPRD MAYOo; thought the substitution of a condemsned omnibus for one which bad alriady endlanger~ddthe public safety -w2s rather ai odd sort of aiology. His Lordship intimated that if the public were a little more alive to^ Their own interes,tjsthere'would Ihave been MRrmeros corn3l1ainte for the iniringement of the law in a vari&ty bf instances. He thought it of -importance to state that be. kmew of a greatnumber of csases in which impositions asla delasionswereprmctiE-edbytheowners of' omnibuses, aud, -among thedelusionswassonewhicnchoccas.oned much indOn-'. venience, especsilly-t -*omen, smndto which his &ttqntion - hisdhden paxtictla-ly baUlbld he meaint the printinbgot. ,side thevehicles I,eading-i~ot'he bek1 iTfhat they dre-ti gd'I sn:uch further than: they; *re' in: the ~habit of goinsg- The disappointments experienced in cc,isequence of 'subhde ception were constantlyfelt, and th,e evil, which it,v,as in t oerof thse who eufferedthe' annoyanceto-reruedy, would, hemahontd, be see,dily put an -end&o 4 .y+,ication to the hemaaisasgistp iaffQps. -r iThe defendant said he had reason to, sepp e tdat na o sar vent of .the companywhinchhle represented hal4 :evex' Da'c.. ztised -suclr an unposiion or :delusidon:e thben paid th4' tBenelty and, - ccSl amournting) to, i3s,s 'h Sd lsth ;!;-rd: - The LORD liXO0R -warmrly expreissed Its e5for the liberality with 'winch-his. ppeka otise enev'lent piibliohm;dv A:een met,.and beedtttepeeaudckoegeI> stceipt of the fofowigaodtinluiafrT4rlo- PR.l5'stampo us.;. syi - -. Ira-, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ r GUILIEEIA[LL James SLeLlhrg appeard- ra discharge o- his own recognizance in,L.,betoreSi'C;W. CABDto- ,s *; _i~ -., ; ; Answer the.6- chrg f laa,cmitd&Ic Ian . *i, WOaiineI ,ppu IfomptheleIfepdeal,. co-. *-jUi ea;r f bade yeed frosntirno 1. at iSEil .hme. Cuiingan th:nEe etIit~axt, tjS^ w t,_ ,leFnbiall n-ia tten dett o - 6 preerii age- wAi in-,nikycond tiox4-and -was allowedil-,* besc ,,An1Ie iAving his fifebo~ iheo handbillewaait into his.hanaef tv o isJvlor ne o theapall'4en sanJhoeOB .saye4-2ab,' n-d -coursdrinigl Uhict time paie iFd-mx3ioa heZr if4.; -Iii, whfor Inapaq tit hesitase An Tiyl6n, one Of the.st,si.ewu Ie2 d icc4rdefend that susiswsisiaeii struck Widm-a e .hozYdtzioti o luis night ee, anld then wound- his -armS round -an& floag likeouti to.-BIt-court on tise hiolk,oEhYse~ -dj fr tur~ed Ihii; sklclt Ee laeame -ins bimi,e; wa takn tej 1he`bepital, *and fbtmthereto his own house, Sbesehhi -be-eniconfined to his bedever since. -;Hfe. wsin irkatrtj .tlsne'a-iddtrough his i.iLnele s hs l loh t beslae i evei had. Hqe a croessexainied at raeni lenl,,bu deniedthat ,he d , t.ed iny had laguageo 'Mr.WontnertsA p th~ ourse -he shoulde -,ve -, &depenupon --hbw thelBenchintended.to detahe withbeaa .I If they secnt. to send it for tri-he:, wiould reaervq hiU4 defence,.but if they intended to deal with it under the' ^ ssaultes Act he hi-d ,i mit complete aiis*.er to it -'Sir R- WF Cinx said,i ppaed to lD;dbea iveryS -Savat ed asult, 'and - the iajuries-iictedujonthe eoea4 plaiant -were ofa veryseriousnature. ,Mr. Wontner said he lad indeed rzeived .very-aerin .injres, but he had witnes6es to prove thit ihiy wier rei cbiv&d7bylscidentally'a]in overEsom'e st6 ep s. - Sir -W. AiiF:Ni said, nothing could justif the aasautJ for the` defendant hd. no rght to, tike.the law istoais owls ankd. No lAgua ucould jetify such omduct,- Thesi there was the blow On the eye strrimcfirst. . r,tWontietsal, that hle uttrlyenied. .'m "' Sir P' W. CA,LDE- sujiposed tisatlie e of the gin theg npGerfi~fth6 ale. ~.s, r..wontner l,ida-the fact ws the ooprietor did not .want alowclas of -susomnere, and tAqerefre heycrged hBh for what they-sold. d Mi :EL W. CARxN .aed whether ihcde hgdb a -nds been irCulaCted in *lse -street indiacriiniately 2-- Cunnir.grham said, a man puftbe bill:he produ6d int6- his hand while he WaFs-passing the bottom of. Bolt-courts, in Fleet-street. Theman had about1,000 more, :which he was distributing to eversbody who would take them.' - Sir H. W. CAnEN= said, they issued tihe-tio otchall they could. He -nentioned that to sbowtbat they were-not -quite so zespectable as they wished to ppear> }Mr. Wontner said, there had never bPros any complaint aginst the house, and it was most respectably conducted. ' The defendant tas then uly comuiitted for trial, but adD3ittedto ilhihmselfin 50landQne surtyinu5O ' Bow-sT rRM.-Dennis Leary, several times remanded on a charge of robbing Mr. Samuel Stocker, who WAS recently kdlled in a street row in St. Giles's, was broughtup forisal examination. The prisoner had assisted in carryingthedygmanlhom and was seen to sealch his pocketsiand take out a key, which .hethrew away, exclaiming with an oaths "lNoD a ma'gl -This exclamation was addressed to a iwoman -hdr had 'een drinking with Leary and his comuanions Sa the aught.- It was afterwards found that a ring had beet taken from hr. Stocker's finger; and the woman alluded Ao now (*me forr ward and stated-that the ring had been afterwais sold bi the mnan who knockedStocker down arnd bthe mcnei y spent in drink, of which Learyvhad part. It was not shown, how. ever, -that he knew it had been stolen from Stobker. The -risoner pleaded "Guilty" to stetaing the rig, for -which Yr.HxFNs:Y sefitenced him to three maonths' imprison. ment. A youth named James Green, under-bnan io llr. Walker, of the Comner Pin, in St. Martin's-lane, wes charged with robbing his employer. Suspicion fell on the prisoner in consequcrnce of nightly deficiencies in the till, and a watch was set upon 1dm, some of the money being marked. On Fsids.y evening, while giving change to a customer, he was detecl;ed "pallmin i coin, which he afterwards s;ily passed to his pcket. Hi: was seaTched, and among other money a markeul shillina was found upon him. In his box were l'ounb a new gold watch, five sovereigns and a half, . 21. 3E. iu nilver, bed i quantity of copper money. The prisoner declined the alternative oj! pFleading guilty and bemng tried at this court. He asserted that - he could prove his innocence at the sessions. He was, iberefore4 committed for trial.7 WESTmmsmsSTE-2Roret, a Frenchman, carrying on art extensive business as an artificial flower anaker, was charged with wilful and corrnpt pesjury. Mr. Lewis, jun.i conducted the prosecution; and MrJ. iPe rsedefended. It appeared from the opening statemern; of' :lr. lewis, which was a fterwvards confined -in evidlence, that Mr. 'George Kamerer, a Swiss, keeping a tavern at 37, Cran. .bourne-strect, Le oester-square, drew a bill on a ge3tlemA baamed Seager, a frequenter of the house,.who vsp indebted to him in November, 1854, for 211. 5s. (kL, payable tyvw nitmits after date, ,which he endorsed to: Zlefendiaint:Roret, Onthe 9th of Jknuaiwy; 185, KBLuaerer wasL =sted for debht andtakentoSloman's lock-uphouseinCursit-csatiet,Iwhenc' he was removed-the :following day-to the Queen's Prison, I Wfr hich he wasubse ently -dischared by taing the benefifo}'theiact. 1,Ath'rho SO sfn ehigt oe o, 16i_tbeif'sulng relating to Ricret were duly stated -in Kamerer's schedule, Seager's bill was not included, on the ground, asit was alleged, of lKamerer's belief that it had been paid-by Seager; and there was subsequently an arrangement entered into between Kamerer and erekt, who held au assignment of Kamerei's goods, in the course of which no mention was made of any claim respecting Seager's bill; but in- January, 1856, Roret brought an action against Kamerer UpOn the bill, which was tried before Mr. Baron rartin th Court of Exchequer upon the 28th of April, when a verdict. was given fortheplaintiffl The mainissueuponthat trial wae whether due notice ofthedishenour of theblillhadhee giveh toKanmereronthe lt)h of Jaramary, in appo-tof which Rpret. swore " that on that day, when the bill becme due, he gave notice tn Kamerer personally, at his house, S7, Cranbournestreet; that he also,on thesame day,wrotea notato Ramerer which he himself posted, giving notice of the diabonour oi the bill, and made tin entry in his pocket-book at Ihe timec and produced the latter in support of his assertion." This was the assignment of penjury, supported by evidence that Kamerer was in custody and away from home on the day the bill became due; that no letter containing any uotice of the.dishonour-was ever received at Kamerer's house; and thatthe entry of thatlcircumstauce inthe pocketbook,instea of being made on the day the notice was given, wa3s inserted on the day of the trial,thesingular part of thecasebeingthat Roret's then own attorney (Mr. James Grayuon) awa called to prove that circumstauce * that he had since the trial been emuployed professionally by kamerer,and, as it was imputed, had recosmmended the present proceedingr. In cross-examination by Ir. Pea.-se, Mr. iKamerer denied n the most positive terms that he had ever endeavoured to settle tnis mattcr' 'with defendant, After a great deal of evidence tlhe accured was r emanded until Friday, two sureties in 2001. each and his owm recognzances in 4001. being tal;en for his appearance. *THAsm .-Dr. John Blennerhassett Godfrey, a physician and surgeon, 3, Mount-place, Whitechapel-road,was charged,. on a summnons taken out by Inspector liullivan, with letting off firewsorks on the night of the 4th of July, being the firsti Friday in July and the anniversarv of Fairlop Fair. The eefendant did not appear, although his solicitorhad previously aslkedfor anadjournment from Wednesday until Satturday. Dr. Godfrey, a physician inf exteiisive practice, and his friends, have been in the practice of di3ch&rgig large quantities of firewvort-s from the house ini ount- lace, near the Londbn Hospital, for many vears on the firit k'iday in July. Last year Dr. Godfrey wZs summoned for a similar offence. Large quantities of firework-s were provsd to have been ignited and discharged from his house on the night of the first Friday in July, 1S55, but it could not br proved he was at houme at the time, and the.summonS him v-as dismissed -.I Sergeant Smith, 28 K, Copping, a constsible, 379 K, ar6d anotheroflicer, nowprovedthatDr.Godfrey wasat honefroin half-past 10 unitilhalf-past-l onthe night of *lhe 4lth ins4 , and discharged a large quantity of Xomanr candles,. rockett, bluelights, and otherifireworks from his hiouse into the main xoad,andat hisjstighboiirs op wsith,:w ifir6da him in return. Th6rew as n* mckbom=dmeIst, ind.vast numbers of people in the rasad.etjoyingthe> SrD.f.lr.Godfrey w,s ,dejj edt .noera'hat a,nd a'larte ~quantityofhnir aboilt i is face, but the v itnesses all Iinew the -doctor - wvell anr,d could identify him. He had attended ,Sergeaut Smith-s Ifamilb professionaYly. - laIr. YAncgv-.CaIl the defendant. I Proclamation having been mde for Dr. John Blencrhasseti Godfrey thee times, and no answer havin. been rTturned, Mir. YasnLxv fined himn 40s. and costs, and in default of papment 4,ldays' imprisonment. ' I ' LA?,iETm.-The Rev. P. B. Harris, a clergymren of Ille: cburch of England, holding a lucrative living, it issaid, in the diocess of Peterborough, - wh6 resided for some y4s. at 918, York--road, Lambeth, and living at present at 29, Soutshamptsonl-terrace, Waterloo-road; attendedc,befoie the' Hon. Gl. C. NOETrO to complain of-a report publiahdd: mnder- the head .of this couirt as'far bacl as-.the 21st v£. lMarch last, and-which he said -wai most detrimentaisto;his.; character. -- From the renort complained of by the rev.-gentlefman it appeared that on the 19th of March Mr.Harrs called atthlie Tower-street stationhouse and said he requiredtbe assis,tance of an officer respecting the loss bf his gold: -wtch arid al5pendages, and police-cnstAble -William Oakes; 30 , wras sent with him. On theirarrivingsat the louse- 9l; Yorkroad,-the rev. gentleman gave into custody-a2young rwomar n -nnamed Jane Oakford on a charge of stealing his gold, watch and appendages out of his bedroom.S The ladysrequested IYernsmou,nto be allowed to go into the parlour to put on 'her boniet, ad; I the permission baving - been given by -ar Haris' she manage4 to make fast a rope to sone article iii the r6ool,and lowered hierself a distan6e of 20 feet; intio th6 aikyard,-and reached the street. -:Finding that-the lady had thus effected her escape, the rev. gentle=Ahn-;gave directions to ak-esand anotherconstAble to -take her into - custody hener;they;foiund her. The lady, on gainingher liberty m e the best of her *aYAotheo office -of fteasrs. lewi; e-stanad lewi7Elbilatoldb ry to r. George t*leVs, and requeajted-tht--tat.gentleman ;wwald- at once writetoithellev.3r.X-aris.to ^ayth,at he w^ould be in; attendan'ce withher at this-coftiFon -thsel ollong day,' at 2o'4dLo&to meet Dy chargehemigght-,tlfi,iaprope:r X oprefer ''xgaaaher-,' rr, ev is ac,cordiengly attea,e4,. and, having- wated some time andthe rev.' kentTeiianJnot,-maig his, -;a)peaanee, lie stated th0;e ,na i¢ssate A he- Ulcfltunatahaces 'underwrhicbe w4spre3ent anduadded tlxthls ient had. t rved. ubder " protectiongfor' ' orne tars f he rev. reintean who hAd accus e,, lf.ie f,'lro'bery. Mr. !0'3;1TX'w -lhoUght tue2 best.koouiie' i,ould, he ;-o sena d for, Er Marri', and Osies wa:. ;d sptoled ~wsth a me_5ge that M- le'wss was in atte'ndan ' meet'n thargelmelmad :to prefer against the y;oung wom^an-Oakforsl, and on Ins e .tra he ,~~ le owlioth--'he Bz,ey.t Kr 'ari -~ *wiiiaat te houe, Wd thr onrtiyiid: m t *'wx Vit ixi inteii m * .opielfw.w, JY the ii s buit ar-A -A- to-Abe the ae_ b: t -fri!ida h ]ili ot 3int _ the ie_, .4 tb.hig Ii4 tl-ieene nt.id .ei &oiaieusie b a h--Sokn@V iA;thor ene -b i' nigtb }losr hdic >i *~~~~hn up3tMXstnJriest him, *dohe onaifeged1mi.tlosfebmait b1 geoi3drel; peipan s dtO1c 't ieaEtc f - was abtri bal.ein u tteouitW-t ith oh -omi tha xefnrd lwor2eotoirepinaio . h.f: it. sat-i4ed7iliet,= 0reC- 34 e?v-ploteea e -d al.dsa.y tb-tuid of ds tJ)utierelyIun4 ~ ~the~ baige admn. obre trwd p tbL:e. lia-p.'my 'ii&,Xa dlitii t thii atitbei iit l ei d tie -jxux1i YS4k6ra o:lSspan~*etese Zvitfor- be n of,lwiii l :u *:]-4thre,with cue e.ketipor ethmplal -of .th- -red oorrevosd wr etMior ieen, f dt. or h. litiaJe f oat ~~~~~~~ka= 6 l!r ss r1ii@iew nei we=" ilefectie,ViA'#woDe'ea,idfitr3 th- TeOt _AqA¢_2 _tst ^-tw.ii go belore te p . u .: ,.
I -1UR MECHI AT TP2'7BEE. t ',!ansi"gatl' tering" ah lT4zp- i 9tef,'-lxr tdxe.ly too .nuch to say, has .,intined the ,jOS 1 &iia pre. -t6sions 4f a red-lekter day- iE, thi- Zgricultural caleniiar as a day on which a mural fJ&e of ine 'in'terest is weeed, irheeizinbers of erminit practidal agricultnrists, \itlit others engaged in different pm-suits, bu. 'not the less 'coucerned, meet to lear naw lessons nd t(o witnss new, -T.nd ingenious processes applied to the cultivation of the soiL. The meeting of the-- *esent ycar took place on Saurday., when a speial train, starting fromi tho Shore-. ditch terminus of the 5astern Counties . ailway, at 9 o'dclocl in the morming, was despatcdled to Eclvedon, the nearest station on the line to Tiptree, con' veying between 300 and: 400 gentlemen to that destination, includingseveral members of Parlianient and of the civic, body-of the city of London, as well as others irom vasrouS pets of the midland and northern counties, and even from the continent. These were further recruited by considerable: .numbers of landow;ners anudpractical agriculturists from tho, surrounding neighbourhood and fro.tlae adjacent counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, so that when the wwhol company assembled on the lawn in front of Tiptree-hall, about 11 o'clock, their numer:cal force w3i estimated at betweei 500 and 600, a larger gathering than wvas ever collected there on any imilar, occasion. The day was charnm. -ing throughout, and the whole body of visitors evinced unistakeable. proofs of a lively sense of enjoyment. The occasion derived additional interest from the proximity of Tiptree to thb exhibition of the Royal Agrin -cultural. Society, of which it may be said to have been the o)ntinuation and conclusion, and the general company em. braced many of the nofable pe*sons, including such of the French exhibitors as. had' not returned home, identified throughout the week with the meeting at bhelusford. As almost all thu world knows, Mr. Alechi, at whom it is still the habit in some quarters to sneer as a diletante farmer, by dint of a liberal application of capital and an inventive and enterprising turn of mind, hzs reclaimed some 200 acres of land in an unpromising part of the county of Essex from the state of comparative poverty, neglect, and waste into which it had sunk, in common with most of the adjacent district, and has quickened and stimulated -a churlish soil into all the luxuriant fertlity of a well cultivate(d English garden. To make two blades of grass grow where one grew before; to claim for the cultivation of the soil an imlmeasurably more generous treatment and consideration than it has ever yet received, and a national and adequate recognition of its dignity and importance has been the work to -which the owzner of Tiptree has devoted himself for the last 10 or 12 years of his life; and the means employed in its achievement, with the results by which it has been attended, can scaicely be teo often repeated or extensively known, for upon that knowledge and the degree in which it shall be applhed by others depends, to :omne extent, the progress of an important department of the national industry, and the development of the main source of the people's food. MEr. 3Mechi had no special or native bent for his new vocation; he -was not bred a farmer; he merely carried into a new field of industry and enterprise the shrewd practical intellect and the assiduous study and application by which he had acquired fortume in an entirely different pursait; and it is creditable to himthathe loses noopportunity of explaining the means by which he has achieved success. The farmat Tiptree is 270 acres in extent, and two-thirds of the land consists of a tenacious, hide-bound clay, resembling, he says, bird-lime in winter and cast-iron in snmmer, the remaining third being a mixture of gravel, sand, and clay, alternating. A soil of this description, when in grass, precludes the operation of atmospheric changes essential to a healthy and abundant vegetation. Of this poor gnass land, Mr. Mechi states there are millions of acres that neither produce food, nor employ capital or labour, but which would, under a regular four or six-course rotation of tiDage, be amply sufficient to feed the people, without recourse being had to importation. One such field he had himself which nothing would improve; but he pared, burnt, and drained it, ploughed and subsoiled it, and ever since it had grown first-rate crops of wheat, beans, oats, roots, and clover. He add3 that he has known such soils produce five quarters of wheat an acre, en which, before being broken up, no animal would eat the grass it grew. He is, however, averse from land newlybroken up being exhausted by numerous white crops, instead of being subject to a regular alternation of produce, which would maintain unimpaired the fertility of the soil. When the visitors had assembled on Saturday Mr-. Mechi, as usual, accompanied by them, made the tour of the farm. Proceedimg first to a field of Italian rye grass, he explained the operation of his system of irrigation with liquid manure which was then at work. One of his labourers was standing in the field holding a gutta percha tube attached to a stand-pipe, connected in its turn with the system of subterranean pipes which are spread like arteries over the whole farm. From this pipe, which he held in his hand like a fireman, and turned at his pleasure in every direction, a stream of dirty water issued, at the rate of from 80 to 90 gallons a minute, and was throvm over every part of the land round a considerable circuit. This done, he would 'is his hose to a pipe in another part of the field, and repeat the process until the whol nf St waq rsmDltls'v irgited The liquid with which it was so drenched consisted of the ordinary sewage from the farmhouse at Tiptree, together with the solid manure made by the cattle in the farm buildings, and any decayed vegetable or animal matter, after having been collected in an immense reservoir on the premiLses and there properly diluted with water for the purpose. The field of ryegrass, which grew wneat last year, had been fed off three times during the present sammer, and now for the fourth time bore a luxuriant crop. This extraordinary fertility he attributed solely to irrigation, which had the effect of raising the temperature of the subsoil, and to prove this he pointed to the furrows, into which the liquid after being thrown on the land had descended and settled, where the grass waved in fine rich tufts not visible en the tops or sides of the ridges. The undergromud pipes for conveying the liquid manure over the farm, and of which there are 15 yards to each acre, are three inches in diameter, and laid at such a depth from the surface as not to interfere with the cultivation of the soil. He calculates he shall have five feedings and one good crop of. hay from this field in the course of the season. He added, in reply to one of the company, that he had seen cattle feeding off the grass six hours after it had been irrigated. The sum of his experience of irrigation is that he has always plenty of food and manure on a very limited space of soil, and that he can sell hay and roots when it pays to do so, and yet keep plenty of stock. Besides, the fertilizisg effects of the irrigation continue to be felt for years after, when other crops than grass come to be grown on the land. He had no hesitation in saying that if all the farms in the kingdom were cultivated after his method they would be able to supply food for the whole community without recourse being had to importation, and ho urged the immense benefit that would result from the application by irrigation of the sewage of towns, in the shape of liquid manure, to the land of the country. He added as another important consideration, that the quality of his green crops was so much improved underthis treatment that cattle were speedily fattened which previously had to eat a great deal and still not be fat; and the improvement in quality applied to every other kind of produce on the farm. An adjoining field of mangel-wvrzel which had been drained and irrigated like the rest of the farm ellcited the admiration of the company. To a question asked by a byestander, Mr. Mechi said the cost of his liquid manure worLks, including engines, tanks, pipes and everything ele. connected with them, was 41. 5s. an acre, while the Portland waterworls at Welbeck cost 1201. per acre, but in that case it was right to say the water was conveyed from a considerable distance. Iron was cheap when he laid down his mains, and probably they would now have cost about 61. an acre. At 7. per cent., with which he charged himself, it was amost profitable operation. Adverting to the sabject of drainage, he said he had drained a bog on his farm -which, before wholly useless, was new the best part of his land; and with the large quantity of water obtained from that source principally he wasenabledto keep up his system of irrigation, which required 60 gallons a-day and an engine of 6-horse-power to work it, He advised his visitors, above all, to drain deep, fcr he anticipated the time when the application of steam would produce a cultivation of the soil 2 or 3 feet deep, and -what then would become of all the 18-inch and 2 feet d-ains? He deniedtheniagio of fiveinches in cultivation, which he assigned to the fact of a pair of horses being barely able to reach that depth and plough one acre a-day; and he coiotended -that aeraticn was as necessary to the roots of a plant-as to its leaves. Spealdng of the rotation of crops, Nature, ho said, pointed out its neces3ity, that it was not wise to depart from it, and that the thing to be avoided: was -cereal after cereal. He had pIurchased and fattened as many as 400 sheep and 30 buflocks a-year at Tiptree, besides keeping the farm horses and those for his own private use; and he employed four horses anda poay on the farm, which, except five acres, was all under tillage. -' On pas-ing a fine field of wheat, he said it was the least impTo-ved partof his farm, because he'rtnted it at 1L. pe 2cre, butit had neverthdessgrown wheat seven timts in14 - yeas, and he hadenhanced its -value by draining .and -2nnujng. .Xis e#erience tzadght himi that:by Iaibing 'out '21 extra-in ranamre he got 4.'woTth of corn; -or one quarteref wheatamore as iace. ThisA feld had-been alternately tares snd.trnips one year, beans 3etween the two next crops of shbgat, - and - then- ~'a heav- crop 6f mangold- .~~~~~ -' - . 'Utr. After that he manured it Tfath 2 cwt. of S.. ,,,,< , 1 __I._ Xf ___ ., t- I Zuan o -an(l. ow.o u aeo'lmna'eXee *hcj-a wash53,ed in -b-te in; bu;h preferred ploughing it in. It had been further ampro'ied by gthe application of a M ureluanuefictredby Dr. Bitterbdt, from the common "clinke6r produced in large stm'furnaces; ana which, onbeing sbiitte to'a iprots, -ridel6a rgo ''quantities of potasi of great value as a manure. The nexta a beanfield affording proimi4e'ofanabundant crop, all of which, he said, he shouldconsume on the farni. Thi idel& Ws wheatla- year, ater mangold-wnrtzeL' He mann -ed'it well for the bean crop, and he. meant 'to sow it iext with spring wheat, fr'om which he expected a yield of upwards of five. quarters an acre let year. He held that if bey were tofarn gh*the agriciiturists of England ri st -have m.ore- money -or less land. That:wa the unavroidable a'.ternati've. 'Th-e present generla condition o f British agriculture was most -imperfect -and unsatisfactory; and' it was want of power,. labour, capital, aid intelligence that prevented the land in the country being cultivated like a garden. With the miseiable bread-' and-cheese and save-all principle, on tho part of both landlord and tenant, it was easy, he said, to understand why agriculture was poor, humble, and dependent, and-why the people of Eng'and were insfficiently and dearly fed. The farmer who did the least to his land, and purchased the smallest quant,ity of artificizl food *nd manurcs, wasprecisely he who produced his corn at +he dearest price per quarter, and was in no condition to cormpote with successEfl men who adopted the opposite principle. This was a landlord's question quite as much as a tenant's, and it was the duty of the landlords to take the initiative in refere6ce to it. If landlords were to have men of sldl and ampie capital for their tenants they must tempt them by suitable houses for their families, good buildings for their stock, machinery for the conversion of their produce, and a saufficient security Jfor their unexhausted improvements. Touching mechanical appliances, he said, these they must have if they meant to farm ckeap, and they ought nover to usa a man if they could get an instrument to do the work required at less cost. He then pointed attention to a magnificent crop of bearded wheat, nearly six feet high, the land for which hemanuredwith 200cwt. of guano in the spring. He described its treatment in other respects, and remarked, as an obt er dictum, that no land should be sown twice witi the same kind of wheat, and that the higher they farned the less sced they would use. Severalother fields of wheat and barley were visited in succession, from which many of the practical men present said there would be a yield of from five and a-half to six quarters an acre. He stated that last year he had 50 acres of wheat which yielded on an average five and a-half quarters an acre, and the year before 70 acres which yielded five quarters all but a busheL Mr. lIechinextconductedhisvisitors over the covered sheep and cattle sheds, the barn containing thrashing-machines and other appliances worked by steam, and the large reservoirs in which the liquid manure to be used on the farm is accumulated. He explained how, by putting thin layers of straw over the manure from time to time in the sheep shed, without removing the wet layers beneath for months, the health of the animals was strikingly preserved, as a proof of which lie stated that of 12,000 sheep which he had had in three years he had only lost one. He also drew attention to a simple and ingenious implement for feeding sheep, which was much admired. It consisted of a strong wicker basket nearly 3 feat deep, with a diameter of 2 feet 9 at the top and. 3 feet at the bottom, which was pierced with holes all round, thfough which the sheep put their heads to feed, and stood all round it like the spokes of a wheel, witnout rubbing against each other. F owler's steam plough, exhibited at the Chelmsford meeting, was at work in a field on the farm during part of the day, as were also some of the more ingenious implements of Garratt and of Bentall, all of which excited considerable interest. Mdr. M3echi had likeewise made arrangements for having B3oydell's steam-engine, with its " endless railway" laid by itself, on the ground; but an accident happened to the machinery at Witham, while on its way from Chelmsford to Tiptree, and there it was detained. There is, by the way, a project for making this engine applicable to the rapid conveyance of lifeboats along the shore, so that on the occurrence of a wreck they might be launched from the past of the beach most advantageous for effecting a communication with it. At the conclusion of the walk round the farm Mdr. Mechi entertained the numerous company at dinner, which was laid out in a large marquee erected on the lawn in front of his house, under the direction of the proprietors of the London Tavern, with Mr. Hazker acting as toastmaster. Several speeches were afterwards made bv gentlemen present, but they were not of a character to call for a report. The company took leave between 7 and 8 o'clock, delighted with the day's proceedings; and the special train which conveyed the greater part of them to London arrived at Shoreditch shortly after 11.
AfR. BERKRELBY AND THE BALLOT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In requesting vou to insert this letter, which shaU contain but a few observations on the attack which you have thought proper to make on me, I hope in fairness that you will at once accede to my proposition. Whether the hard epithets appLed to me in Tlze Timea by the anonymous writer against secret voting are justly applied I am perfectly o~ontoncl to 1covo to the judgment of those who have heard or read my speeches on the ballot. In 1S54 you pronounced the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act to be " a pompous profession, mean to be inoperative," -as severe a remark and one as detrimental to the character of the House of Commons as could well be made. In 1856 you declare, that it is too bod that Mr. Berkeley should resist the continuance of "the only measure wvhich has done anything at aaU tovnards purifying elections for members of Parliament." Surely it is for you, in your present frame of mind, to beg pardon of the House of Commons for rashly branding them with hypocrisy in passng an act which you now find has been so admirable m its action. Why attack me for defending your position? Why not attack your "eminent Parliamentary casuist," and show the world where he has misled you? Your reporters laid my speech before the public correctly enough, and I challenge you to answer any portion of that speech, the arguments of which are mostly reproduced from your own columns. I make you a present of the bands of music and ribands, and, referring vou to the evidence of the working ofthe act which I read to the House, and which you have not noticed, I ask, how your newly esteemed act has increased " the freedom of election," how it has put down corruption, or upset intimidation? All of which a real corrupt practices preventon act ought to have done. Has it even diminished the expense of electious? Look at the official returns. 2501. was the e-xpense of an election at Kidderminster where there was not the ghost of an opposition. You accuse me of muerility. I cannot return the complimnent, for your arguments bear the stamp of senility, and are Mrs. Gampish to a high degree. Your defence of candidates in general is a remaL-- able instance of ib. So, these candidates are the most harmless and ill-used set of men in existence ! The Corrapt Practices Prevention Act is to orotect these honourable inocents. I cry your mercy. I thought it lad been to prevent them fro;m buying boroughs arnd bullying counties. Oh no, no such thing. It is to protect candidates from the rapacity of agents. According to you the vices of agents and electors corrupt the virtues of candidates. This is not only Mrs. Gamp, but Mrs. Gamp after her strong tea. Do you pretend to be ignorant that the traffic in boroughs is still as notorious as the traffic in opera stalls ?-that an honourable, pure, and patriotic candidate may have a borough at any price ? Did your act prevent Barnstaple being knocked down to Mr. Laurie at the usual price? You know, I dare say, that Opera stalls are to be procured in Wellin gton-street and the Hiymarket. Are you really ignorant that boroughs are to be had on applscation to the offlces in Pall-mall and St. James's-street ? Miy puerility of mind leads me to think that a Corrupt Practices Prevention Act should deal with this offence and this class of offenders. Your senility of intellect corrects my impression, and teaches me that such candidates, good honest gentlemen, are to be carefully guarded from the rapacity of agents and electors. So much for this act, which one of the judges who had to interpret it said must bave been hastily and incautiously passed. I wilingly' accept as a compliment your remark, that my efforts to induce the House of Commons to adopt the balot have had the effect of causing Parliament to look aboat for a remedy for the evils of our electoral system. The admission of the necessity for a remedy is quite refreshing, and it is at least something to have gained th.at by my advocacy of free and protected voting. By all means, let the Legislature find another remedy if they can - but, in spite of all you have as yet written, you may depend upon it, that the public abide by the opinions of Grote, uacaalay, Molesworth, Buller, and 224 members of the present House of Commons, including 13 members of the Government, that, although you may palliate the evils of bribery by penal legislation, you can deal with intimidation, the master evil of our system, effectively in no other way than by the ballot. One last word. In saying that " the ballot would throw over corruptionL the mantle of complete and enEre secresy" you are greatly mistaken. The ballot would not make more secret than now the fact that monuy had been given to obtain votes. AI that would be concealed is how the votes are given. The legal offence of giving money for a vote, which is wholly independent of the fact that the vote is given in return, would be as capable of proof as it is now. Your reliance on public opiaion to repress corruption is inconsistent with the fact that the controversy between uLS arises oat of the avowed necessity for further legislation on the question. I am. Sir. yours obedientlv. F. HENRY F. BERKRLEY, Yiuvina-square, ) uly .j .-. SuPIraE:S OF oFooD.-Drinog the past week -237 cattle, 3,686 sheep an lambs, a~nd. U~61 pigs eivcAianiclaat. Blezsol from the Ir'ish ports, sand the Dresent Impoztationj of Hive. stock -from Ireland greatly ex-ceed. tbdse of formner 'Years. 'There were RLaO ifia tdito it1nIa o,e f nat week 843 bags f wheat and 5,330 baels :oEf floz fromWe IcT; 9{)0quarters'of:'wheat from Cbnat,±ati 1,40q rs from Tiiest, and 2,400 qnust.of fi.Ibrail. Slinar importTAtiona kre'tkinig place atithr port.,- and, combInPd`.IthTh6piospect of a' -good -harvest,- may bd 'ixpecft"d to,check tlep7ese~.t"or-j bitaaxt pr q f bread zad meat. , . -
- EPISCOPAZ BABGAINING. fFror- the Exniinepaj3 A jolly judge of former days used to maintain that all wine was good, some better than others, but none bad. And' so, too, it seems to be with bishops. All bishops are good ame better than others, perhaps, but none bad. Whether 3 bishop is as busy as a bee, or whether there are no outward anad wnble aigns of his existence, is all thesame. In either case the diocess has nothing to complain of. Some years ago it was a question for the curious whether there,was extant a Bishop of Ely. The only sigin of his existence was the regular collection of the revenue. The dues were looked to, -but tha duties had totaly disappeared. As Bel's divinity was proved from his eating much meat; so the Bishop of ElWy's existence vas demonstrated from his pcaketingmuch money. And we have now on the episoopal n6n some who do much, overmuch it may be ; some who do little; and some who do absolutely nothing. But it makes no difference to the dioceses, all are equally well governed. Are there, then, no bad bishops? is such a thing Impcsible? or are there no god ones? Once upon a time Berne depended for its prosperity nLpon certain bears, which were potently believed to be indispensable to its very existence. The bears, be sure, were bandsomely endowed, mand maintained like bishops.' It chanced that from overfeeding they all died before successors could be provided.- There was an end of Berne. The inhabitants were in despair. The misfortune was without remedy. The canton was desolate, and looked for instant dissolution. But to their astonishment the sun rose the next day, and things took their course just as if bears -were not indispensable to the wellbeing of Beone. And it was soon discovered that Berne could do as well without bears as with bears, saving the expense of their keep to hoot. Berne was thenceforth satisfied with havimg its bears for the future in armorial bearings. Some of our sees are in a state of Berne, bereft of its bears. They have bishops in such a state as to be the same thing to them asno bishops, exceptingas to the maintenanee of the same. They have become as well reconciled to this condition of things as the foDls of Berno to the loss of their bears The King Log dynasty in the church is indeea far from unacceptable. This happy state of things is disturbed to some extent by a bill providing for the retirement of the Bishops of London and Durham. These holy men do not resign their bishopries on the ground of incapacity to perform their duties, leaving it with the State to make such provision for them as it may think fit; but they resign on conditions, and pretty handsome conditions. Thus plainly imp lyisg that they would continue to hold the sees, for the discharge of the duties of whieh they are eonfessedly incompetent, if the QlLid pro quo were not granuted. Advanced as they are in age, they are not for taking no heed of the morrow, nor for being fed like the Iyoung ravens, to which diet they much p refer the allowance of the cormorant. We cannot but admit the force of the objections which Lord Redesdalo urged against this arrangement: " Another point waieh it was extremly painful to touch upon was what he must caU the extreme amount of the retiring nensions. (Hear, hear.) He was bound to say that theyjwould be setting a precedent of a verv dangerous character. These arrangements ought never to be regarded in the light of bargains. Meni should not say, 'Give a little more and I will do it; give a little less, and I will not do it.,' hbut they should come forward and say, 'I am ineapable of performimg the duties which my office imposes on me, and I wish to resign that office. Give me enough to live upon. and that is all I require.' If it were conceded that such sholdd be the guiding principle in these arrangements, the amount ought certainly to be fixed with reference to the regulated income, and not the existing income of the biskopric. By this bill the lowest recring income would be more than was considered necessary for some bilshops in the full performantce of their duties, and the highest retiring alowance would be more than waseconsidered. necessary for the acting bishop of any see, excepting three. He had. no hesitation in saying this arrangement was of the character of a bargain, and partook of a simoniacal character." Of course such an occasion as this for bepraising the two bishops was not thrown away. '"Goodthings," says Bacon, "are never seen in their full beauty till they turn their backs and be goingaway." Dr. Maltby, being in this posture, Iprertsto admiration his liberality in money matters; 1 r. Blomfield his temper and moderation. It would have touched a heart of stone to hear the Primate holding forth on the virtues of the Bishop of London. But we were especially struck with this topic of laudation and argumont for a thumping pension:- "If the Bishop of London had thought himself at liberty to use his espicopal income for the purpose of making to himself a fortune or of aggrandizing his family, he might easily have become independent of any retiring salary. He (the Archbishop of Canterbury) might say, without exaggeration, that if he had spared from his public and private charities the halt of what he in fact employed in supplying the spiritual destitution of his vast diocess, he would have provided against the present emergency. He hoped their lordships would forgive tho right rev, prelate if he had been more careful to provide for his diocese than for himself or those who may surround him." We are thus to understand that a bishop is not under an imperatii'e obligation to minister to charitlees, but that, as a matter of calculation, he may safely do so with the lively expectation that the Legislature will one day make it up to him, so that it shall cost him nothing in effect. He may cast his bread on the waters, and fish.up a fat pension in return. There are other bishops who have been exceedingly careful in providing for their progeny, and whose conduct in that respect is not thought censurable by their brethren. Nor would their pensions, if pen sioned they were to be, be diminished one stiver in consideration of their notorious nepotism. But bishops are exceptions to all rules, and whatever they do they are equaly good and deserving of handsome provisions. There is always a reason fair for filling their pockets again
EXTENSIVE FIRES. Yes'terday (Sunday) morning at an early hour a fire brole out in the premises belongingto Messrs. Heemmings nd Co., portable church and house builders, in Tredegar-road, Bow, near the railway station. It should be stated that the premises of Messrs. Heimings and Co. occupy a large space of ground, whereon were erected agreatrinmber of portable houses and churches intended for exportation. The interior of those structures is formed of timber uprights and cross-pieces, while the outer surfaces are composed of fluted zinc or corrugated ironwork. It was considered that they were nearly, if not wholly fireproof, but such unfortunately turned out not to be the case. The total loss is very considerable, and will partly fall unpon the Norwich Union Insurance-office. Mr. Superintennent Braidwood, in his official report, describes the damage done as follows:- "Four houses, used as stores, and a large quantity of finished work destroyed. The corrugating houses adjoining damaged by fire. The cause of fire unknown." A fire took place on the same premises on the 14th of December last, by which considerable damage was done. THE FIRE AT SfHAD THAES OxEiCiAL REPorm oF DArAGE, &c. "Messrs. Pimm and Co., steam flosrmills proprietorsThe mills burned down, the machinery and contents destroyed. The buildings aud contents insuredin the Phomix Fire-office. "Mhfr. W. Miforgan. private.-Roof of premises nearly d1estroyed, and furniture severely aaged. zFurniture not insured. Buil-dnus~mnlown, Messrs. T. Shater and C'o., coopers and hoopmakers.. -Buildingsand contents damaged by fire. Insurances unknowin. "IMeasre. Swain and Co., granary keepers.-Buildtng and contents of first floor considerably da;naged by fire and water, and roof damaged. Insurance unknown. "Messrs. Brandrumand Co., merchants.-Back of roof of premises damaged by fire and cutting away. In- surance uanknown. "Messrs. T. Shuter and Co, coopers and hoopbenders.- Front of manufactory severely damaged by fire, Insurance unknown. " DoCx-iEAD. "fessrs. W. Gladdish and Co., lime-merchants.-Stock in trade on ground floor severely damaged. Insurance unknown. " Dito, ditto, Mr. Duckett, dealer in hey and straw.- The two npper floors and contents onsideracly damaged by fe and water. Insurance not known. " SCOTT's-wIMRF. Mr=. T. Jones, oil and turpentine merchant.-Wooden buldings, used as oil stores, burt down.' Buildings and contents insured in the Sun Fire-office. " No. 2, Mr. W. Maxwell, corn dealer.-Stock iu stabling and the furniture damaged by water and removal. Contents insured in the ir-ion Fire-office and the buildings in the Globe . '" St. SAvtoui's'DooK<. -' The barges Ellen and Mry, the propertyof Mr. W. -3furrell, of -Dockisead, very severely d1amr.aged by fire; - insured'in The Morwi:ch Union Fire-office. * Thre other vesels, namne of owners wu-known, very severely damaged by fire.. ,"The,fiS-e was .extinguiehed by firemen and 104 hired ~auxflinries, with tho aid of the fob vii:g1engines *-Fonr of 'D,twrosteMn-floats, two of B,'tbreeof the Loiidon establish: ment, that of the West of .Enrgland-office, and one of the paris6.: The gas of:flrs is nkiknown." ; thrCOyTIGENar4cs..-z aIccounlt mloved foi by Mr.Wilsonr sows thatthe total ch&rge foi- civil contiingencdesmn the yesrs frdm 1846 to 1856 amnbunted. to 3,665,650g. The ou tstan'ding advan.ces m&de froti civil contingencics on the8L¢t of M rh, 1 556, amnom tedto 16Z9,9 -- ''! - _. M .............. .- _e 1 .................
1TB RO CV-A19TER. T<O T-TE m knorl Tim TIMES. Si,r-Conodiving thatyour readers msy feel intermxd`te learn furthwx particularx of the late nxn of tbe"Boyal Chester to -hlbou rne, I have the honour. to enclose a siort ab3iract of the log, anda letterefrom the Rev. Dr. Scoresby to mys;ef.; -I shall feel obliged aia gratifed if -youcanj find roomh forDr. Scorcsby's leUter in your colm. T TPm,,v F:irsmu mos bnRet :. SAdL. BRIGHT, Chairman of the Liverpool aid Australia Company. Liverpool, July 17. - - "Royal Charter, Hobson's-bav, Port -Phillip, April 23, 1856. * My dear Sir,-'-Thoug1i Captail Boyce will have comn. municated.to you officially the uteresting and gratifying results, under the Divine blessing, of this first passage of the fRoyal Charter to AustriQa, yet I hope it will not bo without s%tisfactiDnto you-in hearmg from anothersourcesomething of the performane and vior of this admirable chip. "As to the speed and progress of the ship you vill be abundantly inaformed bythe perusal of the captain's abstract of the log. It, however, may be iioted- as something remarkable in nautical history, beciuse, in most particulars to which I refer, unprcedent. (so far as my information enables me to judge), thit in -29 days from Plymouth we had phssed through the tropics and trade winds, and reached the l titude of 35 degrees South; that an 40 ddas wehad made a distane (notpithstandng unsuaUy hg t and shorttrades) of above 8,000miles, or2l09miles a-days - that in 50 dyssout we had made good, i n the asunl and best traiel of progres, a diCha ce of 2bove 11,00O miles, or more than haf the circumiference of the globe. At the conclusion of the 5Sth day the wind failed us, and beame scant, or considerably against- us, hut our auxIliary steam then came into admirable p lay, enabling us to reach this pcrtwitbin a period unprecedeutedly short. "in on e pabrt of our voyage, in a period of 12 days consecutively the lloXal Charter made 3, 522 miles of distance by the log, or 202 miles per -day, or, taking strictlyvthe ex'.ent of lo:ogitude accomplished within the time, the distance in gfeographicsl:nmiles came out as 3,430, or 286 miles a day. In the Darticular ran referred to we had to contend with the dissavantage of gale aftergale of no ordinary severity (a cyclone of hurricane fury), andwith the difficulty from the extraordinary prevalence of cross seas alad waves of 30 to 40 feet in height and upwards, which rendered the oompasses Eso insteady that steering with any precision-was utterly impracticable. The qualities of the Royal Charter under the severest of all trials--eneountering the transit of an Indian Ocean cyclone while scudding before it, and the tremendous seas referred to -have been proved to be of the highest order; her buoyancy, liveliness, ease of action in the erossest and most tremendous seas, rith the possession of that extraordinary quaaity of all but inteUigent efforts and yieldings for the avoidance of the assaults of the lofty breaking peaks of the sea, wrere as astonishing as they were admirable. I mav add the, capabilities of the Royal Charter have not yet been fully developed. As to my magnetical objects-aparticular account of my compass expesiments having been made to the Compass Committee-it may suffice here to state in general terms that while, for a considerable period, the adjusted compasses performed remarkably well, and sabsequently did not c-hange (because of their central positionin the ship, the wooden masts, and other - favourable arrangements) so much as usual; yet they followed the generai courso, especially tho binnacle compass, wrhich deviated first easterly, on a southerly course, and then westerly, on a northeaserly courie, about one and a half points. In regard to the adoption of the principle of auxiliary steam power in the Royal Charter the experience of -fis passage has been most satisfactory-I may say conclusively tavourable; *and, while it aided us in our first outset in passing the eqoinoctial belt of calms, the calms and light variabTes elsevrhere, and in our approach to and entrance of Port Phillip in the most admirable and effective manner the small consumption of coal renders it evident that this appliance and power are obtained at a cost of space so moderate as to render the principle at once satisfactory and compensating. "Congratulating you and the Liverpool and Australian X~'avigation Company on this first great success of their plan and enteprse, and trusting that, under a continuance of the Divine blessing, the return voyage may be propitious and satisfactory, I remain, dear Sir, yours very faithfully, "$WM. ScoiissisBy. " Mr. Bright."
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your' impression of the 3d of July you had a leading article upon the fate of the Bleachworks:Bli. which had been thrown out in the House of Commons the day previously. As having a vital interest in the matter, we beg to state that we are linen-yarn bleachers-that we gave evidence tc the commissioner, hr. Tremenheere, who was appointed for the purpose, regarding the hours of work, &c., in our bleachiwork- and ourr evidence appears in his report. We troubie yotlfor the purpose of correcting the erroneous behef which seems to exist, that all bleachworks are of the same nature, and that the houts of work are nearly the samoein sll such works. Mr. Tremenheere's report sufficeintly explains that a great difference exists between our Scotch linen yarn-bleaching, and all other kinds of bleaching; but as the report alluded to is not widely circulated, we beg to inform the uninfonned public, byyour kind permission, taonrtusualworkinghlnurs are 10 hours per day; we have no night-work at all, no ecposure to bad weather, and as to work in a high temperature (on which such stress is laid by parties who advocate legislation on the subject), why, our people are seldom inT our stoves for more tha;n a few minultes at a time, and that only a few times a-day, in damp weather, and during winter. Rarely does it happen that any workers are employed in our stoves for more than 15 or 20 minutes at a tine. Our workpeople enjoy more health, strength, and comfort than any class of operatives we ever saw. Other descriptions of bleachworks may, and we believe that many of them do, require to be restricted in the duration of their working hours if M1r. Tremenheere's report can be depended on; but we would wish every one to understand that the Scotch linen yarn bleachers cannot te p laced in the same category wish any other bleachers, as the hours, ;a well as the description of labour in our works, are such as to conduce to in place of taking from the moral and physical bealth and strength of our peorle. That we are a large class in Scotland is evi:iced by the fact that we compose at least three-fourths of the whole number of Scotch bleachers. By allowing these remnarks a place in an early paper you will oblige uS, and, we think, give a certain satisfaction to many who, until now, believed that we, and all bleachers, work our people 20 hours a-day in sickening temperatures, a proceeding which we cannot understand any man of right feeling conntenancing. A SCOTCH LUfN' YARN BLEAOCiBNG MRbL
M3nRopOunuM LwRovmnEs.-Dirin.- the past and present week the surveyors, ander the direction of the superintending architect of the Metropolitaan Board of Works, have been actively engaged in preparing the surveys for the new lines of streets projected to be carriedinto effect from adjacent to the terminus of the South-Western Railway to the Towa-hall in the Borough, and also from Leicester-square to King-street, in order to open a better approach into andthrough Covent-garden-market, which, among the series of improvements intended forthwith to be carried into effect by the commissioners, appear to be the first most li-ely now to be brought into execution. The Southwark line, as originally proposed, was an extension of Stamfords!reet, through Great Guildford-street, Sumner-street, to Castle-street, at whtch point an opening will be .ormed into the Borough High-street, adjacent to the Towvn-hall. Although this courss is nearly paraUel with tbe rivier, at will now msost probably be abandoned on account of its interference with the valuable properties of Messrs. Barclay and Messrs. Potts, the Borough-market, &c., which, by this route, could not possibly be avoided; therefore a line in another direction has been projected, which is now under survey. The altered plan wil commence nearly opposite to the terminus of the South-Western Railway, and passing John-street, the open ground by Bral-street, Waterloo-road, will cross Janestreet and the Blackfriars-bridge-road opposite Georgestreet, passing down that street to Dyer's-bildings and the Grove, Guildford-street, which will be crossed near NewStreet, and, conining by Ctle-street, will enter the Boroughe ayIh-streeti near the Town-hal, at the point as originally proposed. By this cose Messre . i ottnh vinegargrounds and DIessrs. Barclay's brewery will be altogether avoided, andpmuch of the lowneighbourhoodwshich nop exists nearn atehloo-roadeand adjacent to the Grove in Gsreat Gnildford-strest and Gravel-lane Will be entirely cLeared away. In relation to the new street leading irom Covent-garden-mearket, from the direction which the surveyors have adopted it wllb appear that the course proposed waill estend in a straight line from King-street to the cornev of Leicester-squared taking dowvn the north side of lnewstreet and St. dtm's court, passing Bear-street, andtentering I~eicester-squtare by pulling down the tavern at the endon the eastern side and the adjoining houses, but leavingthe entrance to Cranbourn-street unaltered and exactly as it stands at present. _his line will have eventuallyto herfegarded comparatively with the diagona lino ichisfproposed,bwith a like objectain view, to proceed from the corner of Kig-street, through Rlose-street, to the corner of St Martin's-lane and long-acre, opposite the eastern end of Oranbourn and Newport streets. Thme direct line will intrefere very considerably with the pronerty of the Marquis of Saisbury, who has always opposed theimeasure, and will be by far the most costly and expensive, on accolnt of the description of the property interfered vith, as wellas of the width of 40. feet required for the new: street, in pursLarde of the order of the commissioners, whereas the diagonal line 'will remove aU that property idilapidated near Rose-street, which is now only a nuisance to the neighbourho6d, and likewise be considerably the leastexpensive in its execution. The formation: ofthis, 1ine! of I street willibe furtber aided and facilitated by the fact th his C-race the Duke of-Bedford has aoreed to advance ana contribute no lessan sum than l OOO& should the last described Iise be ultimately idopted BuUddug'Ncr.s MraAuoaUg PlM>BVTw O.--The ship Caledonia sailed from Bristol on the 28tn of Augusltatifor Dalhousie andwas given up as lost an January of the presat year. We are glad to be able to state that a letter s received -in Bristol yesterdaiv from one o- the crew, an whi the writer saya that the ship struck en erolriteean, othe Straits of Belle lisle, during a v eryheavy seas andasoonafter wenttopices-l&eeereemaaned-wicib the -cs-egj tbe vesEl; wichvs f:cviwnog th icduting ii* inter, aiil,ftredrner senLrsbp,thewe tlag rescued- sad tke to Q.ebe
SALES BY,AUCTIoN. 21 2741 Feet of Whlnut-tree Veneere tobe Sold, without re-Serra, jL R HASiLEHAM is inastruceted t~o SELL the aboo,athis ROOls, 7, l. rnelgen THIS -DAY (Monidasl. July 21lat 12 for I. After wphich, about 100$ lOts of Fimuituro. ,Onves. and cataloaues had as aLbave. ~IJ(ESSES. EV HI n ORNE are in 1.1. srutedby Ie.Fabisttitoannrgethat the SALE of MAIiEBOK,at CbKr.TI AY urandhay),Thme-hnky , ahich, from thd menfavounebd sat'e ofthE, ueatprerviousoligestobed poftyponvaedo ha had onThe Lremsi oses,ioand of,thcauctioneers. 4e, saiiusten-aGreat, Wricheater,streect city. adapted for raercantileor frofessional offices. 2. The desirable Freehold Rtesidence, and 37 =ezs of Meadow Landl, distinpisbed as the Sewardstoce Loulg Estafe. .3. '%aln,bleand important Fbreeholt Premiecs,37, Walbrook,together with the L,,ase of premises Wal brook- House. Three Freehold Houses in Bond-court, Walbro'.L-30 Royal Exchange. De)(sirable l3reeholdEs.tate,ne-ar Maidenheal. Barks. IIR. PREECE wiill SELL by AUCTION, at iY.the Town-hall, lriadenbead. on Thien-ay. july 29, in three lots, SEVitN euIntantlslly-built FREEHOLD TELNEMENTS, with gardens, a capitalwell stocked orchard, inclu4ieg 56exceedingly flue elm and oak tree,, also a plot of enclosed buxilding ground. The property is situate at Money-row-green. Rolyport, 2) mites from the town of. MasMenhead, in the parish of Bray and county of Berk-s; the whole let at the lose armiuat rent 'ot £18 s.. rritted particulars and roozd.- tions of sale easiy be had of the suclioeer. Maidenh(-ud. First-rate In- astmeuts in Friehiold Land in the several paxishes of Aldingtou. Belsington, Romington, New Church, and ituckinge, in the district of Roemney Marsh, in the cou!nty of Kent. E~tSSRS. WHITE and SO.NS resnoetfasilly notify Al. that they aro favouired with instructions to suhbsit to ruBnuc COMPETITION,at the Auction .ds-t arlyi the ensuing inuouth of August, in eight tle.. the HEAR NE-H!L`L E1STAn%TE, Situate as obov'. containing about 260l acres of excellent arable hiop, and marsh laud, wriths.itablebuildirg.tbereon. PlacesasotIspecifieationsare in active p.repara,tion. and will,with a reore detailed anesencementbhe plsslilshed in a few daye,-Aoction and estate agency oilices, Dar' ing, Jenly 18,1 SW. No. 31. Chapel enroll Pliatousille.-Valuable L,eave of capital Bust ness P:remaises, Fixtures, atnd S tock ii Trade oe a Grooer and Oil, man. and remaining Household Furniture e-id Efrects. ,"R. G.H. MARTIN will SELL by AUCTION, Jtbreerder of tie Executors, on the P'remises as above, on Thrsda nex, Juy 24 at 2. Ie ab ve exluabe leEAe, hedi n.4a:nexfrom ther ofabot~r of yhea late £r. pasert rana. uitablesfl any zetrade12, togeth lgochmer wihteoitresand sio' map,id inglStod cabnets twosshl Furnitulc6 lrg.Te premies maye bhe dmviereay times lprio, andiqhe dfctn mornimngs of salez Catadogues, landportienlaido sarlelhaoo thbe.fprems: ald aitis Mry em.ei; mastin's curtiown ofies. 84r casdsof sbenressotrem smuithed, wheds. thei leastem maybeoks minspeeted, anad Ee kiMadfrk,wths vinwedou.ionsayTfiromltheexecuorsnithe slae- Mr.tayloem btoired ofmo 71e a nind ELL byct Borough.acaaros l,tno tetB nh onithedRentdcy nrext Atd12. omprisng laM hme ras tyc sJOHNsd inAid N cabnts twe o enailockIs, lag Jrne i ure,th hAndVailuabld Frsbeeh ale-old Far -.onistingsby emnn masters curi_ ousneedeok a cabunlofngshell riowetsI stufedbirds,amagicilaate rn Andlooks, massven sLote 2Tanar. Pcper knives,and fonks waxtchres, andplefordr, household fuerng-iture,6 crdoter artleseln. rMdayb viteuMaed 0 Monday, ot eofalands mring ofe sale. patal ogmueotaied a oMr. CSuaetezr. Ee..toriitr Kigli4.laekicisrs-eoad r and cieandy.slcitnor'e ofce Gr1.'s-nin-storeet Lordoughi es.BwixnadWae ol Tithe Red-chare. ADevon vo,adFr nDeosi~- r JOaluAaEbla te Stc n latofo a aisn. Extr o elsrilay,g July $0 t3 oteanfctrerno.-BLot]. fth VaTluabl Pemiseeh21Old Farom,- conset.%Yiateihao 1t onaThm day house24 and bulldings danyi abou 19$ acidy,tes vlarimbetut iLnT and eSTaru. eon. ao 2aia, Theloerpcand Advitong ln-Nandufexturo' secdnt ai lofte iorsge pofr steam-engie, withrshe Capoelr Ltf bewtor- incras-a ien from tthrosreso Cbout The Queeannum. Lot 3,A Tihed itenst-hrget, ole-Ouoflandsto thouehsome parniahr, commued ato R7 7.4 .ADWD?ear isUdMLEYt ish milnstfrcte ter SEnd nin frM AiUm IOth. onrtherprtuinars may. be oained of Ped inssrs. eta fordbami WnVAterhusdy noxct,orlye3,Deapr'.12ell, Austinfriths London;n HOU Sqr,sLictr F RNIngTUldEe.tw reiev ncer. Win coapdisiu carptor. r5g, fey.nde.;svandfie-iLodon;sud maegsr. Rildoewesanad Wo, are, sall A, G. idltner.wi-has dsontdnerdofthe AduildnicBatine. s AIf. MRICELLD will SELL by AUCTION, uon da P l e2, ndifolowng Teday, at 12 eachtday, theprsialuablegPauy pand aTnd0 ofarl Varnih de olou, and Pritntin IZ50 lnks,anufacturer, itncludinge 19-horse poaer strespaam-ngied0-on powt,mer andteameboiler with-pthel saudtingradogers exrleiot sanodmixi lng mils, es arowi sacinpemns, cpepans an varietyo poteras,l%arge ead iron,ad. Ctinlcguers, netainironkthe premighing nancinofthe..1 au tiens Totdubrynd-ron cooue. Ch pietus-Toftoilfoot, 5 dcwt. of white led.1 tenhofd gum,d1ng gal,oLansu, wihoeteseholdfuroniue couning-housredee tinsd. i nuerusefecs.My eieed(teMachiEr y i moCTIon Ote a lo,(nespreviouslanddiorning of saeatlge hnatd con thet 1 preies; of F. citrngLteig Eib..loeir Falon-sqUareDInd LANMr. insirele, sue- UneronExenhaRalyStato.hvn fromteCo n-thesQee v. tMermain r -edan D.own-stre.t Aro.labur.eforedtbrn ugli tbehest Frntue. Three oIron Safes, House and ShantFexrares.ayndpEffects. B.EDSW. BLUMGE isd insrcTIaeditoreLLe by SLL byAUCTION, on the PReamiss, Nov. $l and 2.eBtd Lon-stredet. dayrn au n Wednesday nx, July 23,ad4 athe fhorle coef thei exTCellen JEWIELERYD whRiTch Of o twe rigesidceas, bl comprisigcarpe1alts. eoffgold tabls.ste,a(exleie of mahornkcanir, easychissofars,ea Sanish vroietyood eherldsrptoffonier,cinygases, tsaichandeiesengravrings, elo; capita candsoher rttings, inamelhoganyt Parisan btdstead, good bed-it driang,sai.and cestsraof draers,l a handome wracdlebo. e arble-topi ned the srshalnds an al teesisal a s ecletii onde waistcoti Drogs,and Woroestershces.-Cataloues maye bmnhaat.-r. Lhmld aey' A, .SFdle. wROOhaSdsoniued thEA uLdaeingtructness. o 1iR A.RC R SwllSELL by AUOTION,atGrzvy. on Tusa.Acs ,a LT the Premiabes ondTedy uy2,a 12.orcomprisingOL P:mahoSAny fou-paelandothc oor, xcelen saffldnd,ln leandders,arrowimlmnt,ada vsy of maty ermias Ma be viewted.autalogues- Jobaned. Enq. thew pridemistes; ,Bland asaof the aucti onee.ertsnba Lanied, wSthextEnsivibe FreeondEtags audtaxrendeT-emed. ed IIR. A. TRICHRis winsrctdt SELL by AUCT-N TLYJ. at Garraay's, onxTuesday, Augus 25, S6 at 12 ocoli onelck lt(unless prev.Ioul slisiosed of by Private Contract,,o 4ic ares nofic wlbexg-ivng,yeliibe FRGEilUOLD BUILDI LonD,stingf2 anubscelDownlaned A mfroad cne fa-ourmed barnzgls thelesta-te, himchawoldeh withijudnt4eumilesof London eatbdcontiguous touthernaila,pesents aal great ,wodemnd forepectabd.leyeidnce utin t hurfne,loality. Maynb viewd seen dys pevi.s tosale Paricula my be obtaione of Tarwy':adofburtheoaucttioneer Totenhm Disler,tane1 mistc fof, Messes,Dimr a12 Sn AA Meses Dithin r and mls foond wonaertrigfo usns)t SELLay ha,zaUtIonapl at;te otomfs,s21.a1rtyBndotet nwkesdiesdayran- ThursdyeJl 2r$nvae andouh24.a the wolfice thei esm.Turnero JndEWlviY, whihe isd houste highestclas, bothica land regors, suait toneld,tast, and app ceisesic of4 wOh-rlctsnBorough,ItLcomprise a gr5at varofiet of tevr dscritionwr Bof nsasrats, incudig prngeasi band.,lediotherof brcl te, enamlldac-tl fri crtth o aid setic withs brlinet. and l preciu sTteres a eltbrastie sero hand ricl settwit brilHatsan eme,rals of eol cthnamelnd valuale . enaeloledi vbarioclours bnteoroohes, lcketn lne'okrlels. rigs, sud an witroath bttocns, ingloldt, and setwithlgem,sydkAnasorlfsemt,ofam.lringh jestaeils, parotl set with diamonds andeearl, 1 reton-Ith anew patrnm girds-le coon-s. rith gthe rgsee claspoforouiiog the rihand,Inpost,( ions uMay b&esvee h nbidlnay previoustoggsandmrig aoft s7l4 atctes rof eoms 21,bld. Bonad-streetdo,mwhrecatalouiesmaynb haod, land, ofhe arme-y tIs eers 2d5, B ucklpemb nty, gm,city.alpcs.f o-bud adrotih, oreershrhneinte-imporeiaut Iveritymesnth-FeehodTaten -wichESR BRm te ese-oOKundar BEALh ahrie inhstauted, tford 12xoehentvaLuabl a nd a imot-sc REeHOLDe PapTb NT SALTatimroe wORtS clsompisn abouvety thwoares wth rpzdwelnouse, myb ards,and premises; brineo afoe, bine tune, U engine,boilr,1 fargepn Wils, piing ~tao~chnary infirst-rtS orde, yiel ingrmted tentanyf theannalsen 0 £30, n eas uthfi7 Th means f tranit amcomplee. TheOxfor , Woroeter,oudn ole hampon Riisa he. a sdingintothe ropely. TheDotwhCal MR ETER BOAD,Will BELL ~ UTO obnBattzhe hferfe.2Spo,y il wPETER R A i EL botty,tth YEE ed'--.-fr;oE. nI-1 aoa ati a ap o ThUPe+sw6jLXEA80fOI'e Xet,4xe* 4h delLatat,hldfe,alnh1c,a num. CertasneanT -el ltios at;h stoh h actithes,., 28',O Ofult,eacinte,2, Poult". ~ ~ ViISbt PETI odERd4 Juy3R AD bynee1 e tbe -otAUee,TIONh Oeu th.e Mart.on Wedaetradi1,ud,heW at i2 o?l,b re 'f hel Xiectiomlca o1f ph late M. T,erpeHifs,as on 1t-hie modtern~ leoly,aed3 Particula'Ieof Mbsssr emilxo and Son, 82, itoersee-' stardt, ind Hati nsthe ar a rt th.e Mauocrt or Fofeaul t,urri18 Poultry.igcll aaiuui Hauunersin to a Thitieldh .eeae Coiuensoltan Rewdroed AnuteTEs IROflMr. ll byACTEIBOAD, att Sbat~ er, I eledy.Jl he2 Lot 12 'lc,b.re RESI rsiC n 711rom, aOarese Os n Conso~dlsghand situate,-17hGrdhakirae e oM As,a aunt2- ofav£30o ter rouneTidret ofrtcla fMe7r.Smt ao Son, theisieor, Ofe~ nadsolctor at thew-in o fthuciner 8 Poultr oue. fR.-PETER BROAD wvill SELL, at AheMCt,Ion a?a aWenes.y Julyt2 on -dat 12th uy21,a Tall2_boe.. 22VER_q 84. an& 25, HoRiET-oeet Cartlouearwslideodtton~iveoisenats,'J Gradu hamg LiGIlse5r annum ;.altro,eadta fesss amounting oul t Habhout 1 colitors n catslogue of atale Hat The or ci or the autloeacrtis onoer37 Engesionto a7'Wiri aretofherpSrm Bofut8,wu lonc ad eue Anmle-nesre Rei toIt-yM. PETER BROAD,wl ELb UTO a ihu mre t the Mart, onn'Wednesday . July 23, ate2 Lo. 13 OUSErS,o etomt in Geatji oFuu urt,O CoAttle Pum-wd OX1.ne-ThUiosrd £7,60 Breduced rnnaugtis, nt 2.nAl reerstan of ;ne-ThIr. d. ofter7al00elikesesoare p-All receivable on tImhe dertis Asltbo Iteseriton t One-half-ofJ3-yt-he of the inmo lofts,t. tnd tbov nTRRIr deintbuof lrd agedIDEWear,O, uareseraedsletbdictio ofliy e Aspecabetes, ndera prdatcof bankPruaptcy. No.GisIhad t ,wnlt a 6 J ene'sy umy21 ate12 theabunge reluatbrounreVtSThe stationTEisTpariculrly-opeuand-ealtbycondjuo t ahe pofeA isJ inGrahamr. Part25,coleman. cndtroet sof Messm . n elatd and Harkwood, meliior,s.eelxne,t; at theMart: or ofthe auctioneer, 28,Poultry. B~Alie. nar tteWLymcnester-pi, "dSouthwsrlc.~ .--Vd. iv i. PETER BRTOAD will SELL by AUCTION, iVLwihou rseve,attheMat,on edesay.12 auy3 FREHLD £228is.Od. of1vallexpesesarepat; te leho of tinheeloerris the fre2lde Landbthetenur,e; o is GeualtoJ freehol, saengaordnro for 2 3.eta4s ranfwl .Pr ofhamterproperty Poabncrecentd-lyrebult. anstewhole letatos good payingtmenat.r Patcpoular an codiretiotnf burea theeMart;os of haof thore auatigeer EsqPur. ]IjfR EE ROD ill SELL by AUCTION, atth litart, on Wednesday, July 23.at 12, In lots, frthelabov getlReEmwell-yl REIENCiECR2i. LboLes.Sen 7orele tho highe re-12 spcable foranta,nprosduncin £1r perofmannum, No. esI winthcand,bt wilu et ansta£bl0nge onnum. Healue ofoa logperm atnumround rie fnts,Te, itutio iSho pricuAldnarlyopenand helth,and theoad propertyisg in7 good relsair. Particulars and. conditions ofmaybehans . Sheliadher, Esqd, IClroengtc-lstre,city at the Mart; or of the auctionoe,r, 28, Poultiry, eauhiroenVll narudte Lyminsk-pto-n, andotti-hiamp-ton at ca-Vabs-e bildv batmej.Abonofu Sale, byecuorde of the latoe Nthanieelih 'RI. PET ER BROAD WHI SELL by AUCTION, - ' at the Mart, on Wednesday, July 23,. at 128i lt,a FREEHOeLD STAT, cospriing twie fatory mil-houe,uetengiv stores6 withvalablefrotag of 80 eet or herabots,eet.a thelowlenlaugh Kentstate, ar,elrixton, the prWaloiEs t th StreHotel Rofutharslsoton ofMsr. iluhy.V n LoD,vl SELLfodsn byleeTIare;Or, o PEheautioEer,28 BROulry toh8Ldboe-saqt.one;r Noda5, Great23 Jas-treet, Bedfurord-rFOwP wellbu1l 2,e3,teean 8, SlE'T,nho-es.-ace8,P9,ancI 1-s-adlto-Elitreet Lea,stehol Estaters,mfor intestenoccupation, udBac dia wtlretion o gNtlem2,Anl RieSIpENCEa.-H22, hladbrFue-ituare. Sofcthealue offects oibefo a tGwocer.ideocue o professiondrabl-u-ofsaes,wt. cah hueandebn,o the vrm7 o hraluyo Ju10 peranum a nd12 Five HOUBOuse sEnm PaNITr-ticularne alfLLrs and uedtosmy hdo t,nFisher of a t-r The fossttingst: atd uthel Mart; or f aseror caractioee,r8 Pomutry.ncrs tedhrkes weights.s n mahogae-pny cctr. f11awein. il,;firtt clam 6. Oi vwholseydrectniongofthe. Eecutores ofuthpemlae Nathaniftel unch ions.r Es8. ttr by'R ECTER BROat hi waio SEL byo UCoOm ILL a th Tomarrt ue),on edndy, Jul23 at1, nlts OR el werodsing £241el pieranm anods Twos sei-dtchdhsiecs,Ns and 2,t tLadsroo-pladac larety en leae trnalamutgto£0 peder,annu Houehld Forlngitue,m atlwgrudrntcPtclr and coandiations ofderms Jvlle and Robinson, Woctor,charerhpoPseLqnSeo SIT,Fse, Rud- HAR.DIuGst-tet IMSEcLLnbyrh qure AOrIOf th aucthioer,Ros 2 I,,Poltry. sirhyr,onWa netish-Jutown, Bratnd aolwnd W,ats-rh-i dirnctualonac ofy. theHrt- andatth fMboast, oEn VEdnLEdR Juy3a 2 inbooh fourelots, FOUR. pia selbuilt tw,ingrenteel arEietCy s 7.dmanfacure wind 10,e Cat-ste-Abret, ar.tn-rguad,can.sle Keutih-to es. Thnropsnf-tyxis, ust golshd aidasu-r Nriatcle, bengthfor remeainitgoption, and teastch houMewill roeal £1d Lbineranum held unor about( of sars, anet.lawaground unto, tls Rdgh Lreaehldng atuesad caaoushads in tobe roo-stre. rxuod l letgto ouldean Outnandn Cearbntl, parodutsn £111to permur: 0band- Foue rHuesnch Sh-ops, sdituatbe RChIsansG-ldm Eauti-stet Watc-s ansem, PharicuLaris an coanedion of Mlessr. Waubo ainds Seas, oLl-e TNo. 22, perb tectaelro-uatd Warue,o FauniotbrEfect. Sokn fet MjR PEE JRA wl ELL by AUCTION,stthMatTomro,Jlte20d t 1V2, yoir tho ohereues Ponphrsday,t Julry2 atd1antes valuabe prcls Theft andG RUtIEnS,l fore oftinga suerls or chaacte,cojewuling puritor,saes,weights.imahogtany o-so cuntes adrcawers.nl gearnttius. Bouto hiewsthe andrn cofsale. sxCataloesn threqurtemislaes;gos-o thunticg Onatciesandntol. ofailsGeer PateGlwndSleatche-s,la slDutflleiamelndg MESSRS.PRIEST nd LAWENCE- wll SEd FreebyAUCIOd atun their. Hatciom R-ooms,Ol Rpernt.rMarti's Ras.Tomrw V T.cdaJ . JuLLyER22,.Tat ifur,l-lot anofunIces L-; LAN heOUPoPeRofthe abovePRssOg 05 ofTY siver wastofforte table andedehorslgldaneilvr wtshes,cwtlery was SOLaD ecept lotsn wearng ppael,piee ods siks,ric cot-glas, chibniayae b f threted elegnt ta-trps, nd avaritreoftuseulyan Ornmeta itmsO Chednie.-Val,Husbehl FreeolsMnotre. Esate c. InFaurm,cotainng19odes-n.lewitsueri old anesSilver WatHmesTtTand' Wate,Cormil. DwlUniscuellaneo;u! Items, am.o 5 ce AudPlISt SO, and neiratheiprantDINaUwill SEio byCiwo AtCTION,rat their ItoBELLbrAsN,a teCrw 1Artmsnschrhar,o Hoel,etCee nWdeday. Juy2,anhelwsgdy mit ofpuncully neach day,4i mwoerna andMAOR fahonableputedWaErY inf broochKesW,baned rings pxeeins,y vandluablrdchaldnstt, oil-rcronteandu s1s1lf-bres,o 123y g~ortldand slvro dcrtches arabei ngdheann put oriWtio of thestock mofer ressrdencoeand aandpulinr.- anidiunder an deeuad ofsusignmnt. ay hesviewen ad th de aytprecding,0and'cataloguehs at ofthneewtrooms. iweli Rog tbeCtandou-ulig Chearbuncl Gamete,3 outonheals,4and-iinh seUDtinseFrnhO-mushole ]andMarblemCoks. Gld HuntihngtWatthes Necw Chnal rs,o Ladie' EamdtelleMnd reataines tbrsogf PthelntLTeve lt t ~ime-keeper Hle,etromnyeedaret, 5andotther Efetsoerte. n of ESSprSnur. TDIsCSond and D isAVENpORUttlwtil 12.tby ois-etieof the Prope crdieto, t reayot9 adcaem oafnl parctie lsn ofiROUG net dillhigS.hor cutng, asPrwellate fordigs ianhwelin ocpurpiosesf sevra .L. imlertant lDovingo u and ecaruncle gearnls, teoutonst pearls,w4 Frenct o5per-ol andum.Tearblvevlocks(soe poperwhichadreaver handosome stancstol siocpio the xeettrpie-quadt pleaidgel huo ntin wathe andueclk*r% rhoeneva wachs,a tadby'acatiref-csimyfnfoel golhuncl;theingr watc bySerwandformtiher bonan ef ngraeddtateo(b onMiieu),a sildverxchroenomte(b fi a-gets an smalle theuit pof elcetro-, plhate waroein etteasn offe sboervces, Samit,destcs tabe, doaessert,gand atoraspoons o an fork,talelannte t-ayou tea aDbndn thie puru;ots car wiaoas tthe Mart:iand 1e MTessurs. Ocicpasonan Dasvenp1ortlsaut1ioers.to, Ew.uclderendury.heMansioen-ho use. e o wptino afmR.v V. hJgl repCOLLIRiy o ren-to stfpul t announcexoep tionathe wholstenofthreaoe ROn udeRTm whurchwaspoferedj for salFedbkacto at. tie Mart sq. sonich thoinsAudte w atOD telambp Ioto 5, 6 S4,eand 15(poducingrs Greb0 lous.er aOldm wrhichsayreet iretdD for by priVate. Conts-er.-S.Mooratate-treee,tul2. 185n. SaleofR-CboldBildiglad,n Dwelling-houe olanasmas,LiFarm ofol3acre adonn, deihflystae stisaml ftemre onO Audis, andnineurom ntthimortintOdro Ithe lightatonuat ofCrews R. V.J. COLLes of asuu V.ecodeive r'Young v.rom thean. tsfortgag to SELLg byt AUtION apoat oftheCwe As-sea dotel atoCs-ewe,tl Jonhen-teetsivrooy.Mndy the 23fJl et t4t, i w doay, o vAluableatfreehold es tate, onafstin101 acres lofs,ver fertoiand proe- anldDow-buldig.Teflm singhossalec f udng173acres of terland,riscin th Ocuatio ToftthMr.kTo near , meTotrpone L!iblerytnn,a h owAnna rent of9 £D111,adth sl adrasdro heln r 01ece oft BuldiDg Land vith a Cottage thereon, sittuate on the *est side of Lodge-lane, inToxteth-park.siar Liverpool, containing in the wsholoe27,134 sureyards,now in the ocupaien of John Vititer. as Yesaly tenant. - Lot 2. A plece of building and ote south side of North-street. in Toxteth-park, containing'in the whole 8,24S squaTO Yards. Lot3. A pisceOftuildlnglaadonthe south side of North-street in Toxteth-Par , containing in the whole 3S241 square yards. Lot 4 A plece of building land on the north side of U pper Beau-street and south side of Prince Edwin-lne, in Everton. lot, Two dwelhing-houscs on the north side of Upper Bentreet; in Everton, with the two d%welling-homes behitd the rame, and on the south side of Back Ben-street. numb'ered respectivelydS and 50. The reats of thin lot amounttoS4s.per ,nn,m, lotT6. Twodwell(nghouses on the north dde of lHowrth-street, in Everton, aforeetid, numbered t and , and in the occupation of Danlel Jones and Jane Twlgg, and the dwelling-housr at the -back, numberd 51, in 11pperB q street aforesaid. Lot 7. Two dwellisg-hom, in Eterton-creaeentt itn Everton aforesaid, numbered respectively9 and 11; also the Coachhouse andstableatthe backof the iadDrmniseg in Bute-vtseet. L,ot 8. Three dsellincbhouses on the siouth-side of Upr Banustreet aforetaid, nmbered 2l 226 and 28 respectively. aud the thrae housee bebindthet acme, fronting Back Stricland-street. in Zrerton afotretd, -numbered respectivelyS, 3, andl 3.- Lot9. Three dwelling-hotmse6r -the south side of UPper Besardtr-et afeoraidgrnumbered S0D 32, and 3t, andthe threbe houses behind t-he srame Lntinr Back Stsicklandstreet aforesaid, numbered 18, '?-n t-l9 : 0t3I Three 'dwlljng hosass on the south de of piper 'Bean te r ud, aabu d r.e spectively 6, 38. and 40. with the three tio-bohin the soone 1a on the north aide of Back Strickland-strteet-oreaa, sxrmbered, 21 23, and25. Lot 11. Two dwelllng-hEmus on t4e sosuth aide of Upper Bean-street aforesaid, n#mpbced 42 andU rtuvely wth therwc dwelling-houses behind the sram and frontins BRak Strieiasd-sigeet aforetid, numbered 27and 28. ?rinted pe-tslar sand conditionS of sale maybeobtah edimlivesrpool at the rspe?,sye offices ofl lefers, -lowudes, Matmson, andloseades, Bumussick-aree' LXiverpool; Meders, Norris and Son, NSorth John-street, Biverpool ,.lsssrs, rton land Emis. Penwick-streed, LIterpool. anid at the :unstsooeema' ollcee in Liverpoonl and in lo?don: and sit the offlices of Mtarrs, Sharps. Eield, anmtJakonrs,l and Mosessrfi Neorrs cud Allen, 3B-of orn row; and Meswsrs i-Brady and Son, Stople-ia, *C 0Q~ RGEO. GOULDSMITH will SELL by AtfC7'Ao& ieealta fxutZ.,re riaawlih oqOe9Oit>d olber Zmabgun awngronesuite,incrirutn damask, WeVmt~di Chrlwood-,troett west, liouth Eelgravia.-Nxeelientmodera Prniz GI~.(EO.:.GOULDSMITH- -wil SELL b yAtOP±V,TIO.-on tbe1'remlies, 37. ChArlwood-rtreetwvesLW&mrlckz; 'SdULrro, on>TTburdsdy. July 24. at T' 'r' i.e1.tr ueir dr ,YUW%~TURB, oomprl4ng nobloeX1-y ta,e ttre arambedstear,xc ajnclothcir dil.o.,excelleat -drgUeibtplut*ve cr#l';6atre and card, tableL, pler. cabinA.axlbietw -s,tt6IiU%rehteIt,eik9 feet 6 nialoah ydnr~tbea4btd Ahbilis, tonsh6, handsorai pile andi Eruel capt barygess lia,1adm iroor6m erdinire lotr ltlcasot sun,lattbe officesofteucine.%lnta.e, v-ua,- ssoogrtreek 'islmhco.Awell.blnolt privZeDwelnling-liours fsr Investment or Ocrrliatlan. ~p 7GEOZGaULDSMITH-will SL-yU~ -ATION, at thne Martk on Monday,JTuly 28, at 3, -by dirtetimn of. tb-h -Executors of the late fr. -Ser]eant Allen. aLwell-built tfrd'4e. a rapidly.improvir,g locality. withIni a n'"ot iten_ce of ohe HinFfieej TE1am.ent. aud of cany aScee*atothe etyand other ,erts: htld fur.aa ine_xpired term or 71 yeses. At £e10 per ananuii. fLay bo v;iyerte Pirticulatra andC dto SatLeI can 1'ebe~ie feseFidn 1l*ltho,r 6)lleitors lV-eoriure, Linola'-dn tie auctioneee's offices. 3. Peat-treet. and.24. T~e ave --itseI T'irdio, Westminster "Wat.- To PrfuAtlinalAostlJhnen no!es,pr ttjM. . , a~ t; on M6rla y;,ily 2 S rt I., (by sire.er d:tb e. 1;cl~ontgeequatb&E, B oflAVa-nOUthoduiLCW.uidslgut:Fs raNC. fnobleleration withbl forapi Stroleionag nlea n,2 0 eatrtrac. i h GOL SITa ge-rorsi.Sab _ TIeaONofT,riatte, MarUt oq3Icd-, Jnblni2, ate 81,. vgerysutrwct rotimelIcontainigunusually geoodb fyafr, acte nodogrore!Litgri. !ia exell edt oprtuntoesadcnityio nvsm nt O fof 'he attupation of n AmB.r Coythe Esq 21, Lesp t n-2y.Ieldlfo and unexirs rintouerm offi0 y, 3,. mhilylyrett = Itlnce,wit caitl tal Z25 pr nniO. 3at thieedMr, . Ponay,iJulyl 20t ath W,a rt; sople.rr TPaYREaux audE. Joh .4, mtisto-0.Astiaro, grama south,e ilist:,neecont-ciinnge unusually goodNt andi egemsa, andO 'as ain an estllnt pprtuit fo ivestruent or fOr hccupation o fml TWO hiewsbit private RBIDeM for anos. eanid2ter Gof esar the nearly rent ot £30,P.nshovacant,sbut of the etmtdvle0 £230 p~~~~~ ~~~~er annu.Myevee.Pruu ttheMat;o- Mend Ns. wellebtment- or dg o fupton. iieuu,o ~ AIrR.GEO. GOULDSMlITH 'IlM SELL by AUTC- TIO.LT1Oat the ZMart, on IMonday, Joals 24, at, in separae olots, AN-HOUr,ES,bul uO-sb4 6 RS. DENCES lI25 . 17 scod4rae 21. Gsce_trlity. neVar o . GabrhelsCuc.ndwtiashtdsaceo e iRatersa-rt, ru ftheatid rtdau tf£o ertnu;helda mrvmeto tm far rpirdOuta. and t the ucioneer uckiceansbtre.Pu-street a 4 ilrs-od M ESSRSo.iv wellhO LL S andhON, -ar~eldg.frascrlo cu ,L eted io SEpLtion 1k bTAION. at thxBrrtwaon MondTay.di July 28.dli byats 12t ING-tiUSAer, boc pr4, 6 0 n 5.?ono-erae ,s0a rodPn'c nthe MsoforimmFEdaEHvicnit o-f teirsWhig LA eDsituatelo Wbstssapakan otherh grabot i4r1 miesfrom Ayeingbaryie oc at Thames-bankd hel byisn searate lese fmuran une:prom ter of 74 ton.s aith £8pler snnum let hto Ne.aclnd he rebat ;5 of therennrnmlra Toof 10. Maeypbe viewed tby erarenai o inthe respctie eants. ybe hi'ctuleaanhoniior of saeMfress acN . W. he and ChaWre n, slcio 2,-eno chumb-innstelts: atte Martaays; and atf thescteeem Ellisct 3n o, PuntStrneert, and2. Flechrave-troa, etiln Whiteirriden, llckinghamahire.-Freehold !eadon- Ln M rESSRS. ELLIS and SON are instructed to SELL _ii by AUCTION, at Garraway's. on Taesday, July 29, at 12 (unlc,s an acceptable offer be prrios-nls meatle hy c,rivate cuntracti, T1REL~ EN,CLOSURES1 of PricEFtER.LD MEXU ANDO sLuAN,ituate Wan toe nthe purists of Whitdhuocn, about tiv miles ada:l from Alsuy yn toge-,li; loet ec ther, and ceprising abbeut31 acres.,rnigthra - wthuil ton. land cstou sed 1w-ltouE M. l uekrnchara, aJo I seprirounnin.t0 Tonuho T-iwedyiprewesb~ion s heteanoleto Prints.- rite particlao ay .rmabehadl.tth priniorl tnn ath alchi' hhe,pWinuopiwnn, a Alesbc-i, and ha.Wnlw yebr.adWhitchochh: of Messre.~. W. adt.re,slcorN,. 3, Rea Wrn oiioa 2 echurch street: at Garrxaway'e; and lMan,E lan byn aucss-- toeers. awle,.n annctiorurhslye. c,3 nhahe-c P Wdordeedokn. 4hamtulaye.hFroeholdandColhhodLad.Fw ~5ESSS. ELIS ad SO ar dinstrcted to SELL brickandltoboe . co-Bousc lt t r Jsp obn t 8,e andum To besm vlilaed bypemoso ofteauul,Iauedpoia Padur.aiuctin.hamshinbrnslaireebnld n olcculam ,iESSRlS. EL LIand SON ar-e dL~cted to SELL bJLyAUCTION\, at Gazrwway's. on Tuesday. July 29, at I3 upic.,s (ir an acceptable offer ho pros-ranly m-ade by ppnivate contrcaYirEEt. Burtogeun.comrt-ig aout110acre, tthefre,a wie -rmu &c.,oSEs roesiec,frm-te s edlod, squarein,ocrns, Ind,l entsar fcmt-bni 3lince. letton e.-ieto Rent Matthows. at £210 per annum. Abort 24 yan-c, r fMEehldSteRemELder aTldoAl SOulN aolege dirfcted ronEwaLe acorin tAcustom. ato be viwa, by T`erayn,so ofl the tL .2nta Prioted LpSEHteLDr a b-e brDLN . rierto tir one r the atseeinoif G. W.and t,et Wren,folicAritrs,bin o 32,Feewb-thgrdeen at the bawayke and dof lescarsElisand Sous andstarler, in .h3u.el-mnchoTle residence jY~ h AUCTON. ailareway's on Tesda. Juylyor, at;11. unless HOLD AS1'SIE adAltBLE ARdeuL alenthpseatQmnon.0mie tichon oe,anjns e o n lhe esAtobin orpnl-lw Mun WIid,d er Shir4ey.ars. a rent of £10nranm.a Toabo v.aiewal by ermStDEu of stat te rnie oe at. B Paessing amosWIndow.l proeshvt, and Pc.annrhrrc-sret On,is.tl ande S-ory,antwoee, dragron, 3, screr-tenedbsta Belardsi partitionsr on te rAtmeoruan on the Reforda Estate-in Netirk brenkat par£1lour. per annu fr l4ejrs. an e-tanin bal aaSEIIdont bsmt aEIENE srarge on thmeesti O im e ofar Gor't.ac-r-street. BedOrd-furde,obeindNo. ML wihBarden, 1qt tei t-aeh anowDdoable.carrae-houslad sztable ind Fhne-e iell: aide a LbOp-SErLb anum.i TheMsable arelt toe Mar. Tayor atdn £d10 pe 2,annum, Th holuseandsbbel e FRBCL hell by Tsr lsseretonrorr rent Chooticbr ton l3euahhilf orwaoonxprd. term of 24Mr yeorslarsr boady-f dayo1058, Tohe eswed bympticsets ony detinted cotaoreticence nmay ad prg iier itoh saoaale,of en tboric,l Setureed co untrontares solictors a. teraboft-rr-,ort . hlpotlann:atum rna~; a nsoT i oface Messrs. RellsiadeSnce auctPieneo rsound. e Jourh-street. lru-oa,Cibr wegl et t'o-reprkAeatbellenatr ltesidona Yand Offies prmies m- bero fiwdWh ropeirty ath Archodery-gades byt porsLearion.r 3as axeF.an BRE(of lr'~n 9 Birchin-lane, I wilr stELe b E.iAUTHO,atheMArt oni SEdnsdy Juy 2,AUTION, bydien tio ofGathe Mry,ege, thexeGtrOsUNDe LEAS E,Vforan un Juily2ter talot6 FURITREbe roompisong tnheouppe stry,utwo bdstadingmomr screne bystanedglas prtiionon hewrethinr, ndson tebesnand tiuasmye bando the Pxm~. .Bdoapraem,e;o Mr.' Xetwmath, solricit v,27 Julye 2.foaue-tre2, BOUEHfOrD-rwado FU MITR, Bane, presing rzc-laned N bo prnwasdhlt-Frnhods EtatLIe a ittn g,dreLong -easehld t.brnered. e tor ote pt chRNmeS aof pefr g hin-l%abn) cla irstrcochesd tn eayliir. SELL byr publi AUCIroN, tat te. Meesalt onWdnesaday. Julk 23.aiting2, cEa valuab le PREELI), PROPERTa,Yinm, stuate nard the Clesdayndb. rdnon fseaa-lel, for loode,hadoinng Mr Rprlmad'shcamoru graaeounds r.Th 5.Loesttecmrises ardetahd.ta eiec n o Toies. umecd a aslpng Glawnziths 'Perytires gre,cmedn a nasSents panoram tof thbe richlwy featurnEdmcountryon. theS Dr- and 2 easItsides fNrod lt-et onE lase tonl ahghl renpet. vbhlmedtsnt.~ formdaterof yheas PEatS er, annum;e aodlsoith T old-etahdta agbied Rlmesiene and Plaieces 01sinessd. John-streoet,Albay-rontad, Caber-_ well, let in losetabthe tenaints. at£c1 an year.eTh hpresmies pmarh ebi hanes~ ad satn Narwoo tonlyhby cadsh th capitialabousaybe funiuewed n ava ropertyofeet.by eviwdt prrgf Pae ad llRoge and Matthews prmseiitrs.n D h Nosy-ourt,etare-5, Ol-sre.tan of tyra-ine.. 1n. Biowreh'xion-tseon.hr-tet No LC and -sefect, rUdemoed rmCrairel will SELL ELLARbyTAO, at hrs r, 35,Leiceter-oers atHI EVENorNG, July 29,e at8 FURNTURE: coprisingmahoganyArabian edstead, ~o Wulable Jreelodluvestweiet, imtham. ent. C. GIAPDINBR will SELL by-AUCTON byI- 12. funlesoprevlonal, alssnd ofby xtasrte coneat,) a PRr,HOsi MM=TE ofmsdistgo7 geanalean's renedIsae, with cachcl-bone, acreso ospisal meaowlanjdI togetbjriesth Five CotiJAredellgbtUl situ4e~cbesto he unrclr. Etlnso: lIr wIbole unade1leod allth ver loret o Ll8paunumto HW.DobeL,E.Q.,wliohinarcetg of mpmtb Premises, which, withth ex%fU3 nbhasco the -ealsia of this peopety. sybeiewebvyrmiulon of thbe teunlnc, and portico-, laraobtinelO ays9isO m ~i sale at tine Green Maen Hotl, KlicikIresla; f kPoweI, q:, ai3cier elrh:rba, Suffolfr zirfarta- TaluabtePio1etsofiahd 39fliegin Lend, Carabalten akid WAlling~ ]JENRY HfIUM and SOW will SELTL by AVC.~ TIN Assawaps WIS DAY. atl.in lots, TWO IAlIl of' and.alon si ?kwn ete Melblourne u __leud adjoining, IetfWI1!..e-nI .bewepolsrpetyiaeasyoface-sobyramixoe,I sA Aut in draofffBw,5y unsurpawed for ist beauties, lend pagapuneualedfe it alubtlt.- It is placdon en emincacs, and cOmmnds xteaivsiewof te mrro ,dnnceatry. A great pre- CW-1WaC4*r.-'V,lgb Lm.e1old 3tater, Ttu ellEb' for SeN .(it1 te*tSW inL3provod Grounid Ietonta!£Zie annuom . -jjSSS PAGE an~d ICAlIRO.W lave recef4d` naa.eosto RTLLbyA'UOTION atthe Nat, on yrai' 4wl lt tfo wd.perly oa!,a yn mntitb eelw-m%k of i 6p~ ve tomalree.-aridhoerm,bel~C lionof za~sdfimsiirt and sel-.eeniain §J WiUraft- aaI6) of Ifare y, lxaxI r, ; lied AZUnTI an trvevoei . - tri 1Pae miI Augoa, AIbahw'G-%B8E6LertrS i. tLtpcilai-r -it. TO I ds Saigifodbpi an (uuftlyn IornMestront loa od(aoo aAAl AOOM'+* the t." th' healWoew ~ - t-e i-VAy WUtiOtinsaleoftensatetior-'rTde Au i.li.Ht and dpft-Thtroom. fourbed 1nL two fre4, ki nTclf rclaOt'e= n - 3= ethraiataG010da&erctltkro. UL'ns tawahSle afoc*srdh nd only foriearmeaoa Me0e iLrei t hel a ctet rotLhef he+t;5e.fo cann hcietiren haaroft Is-thlultm tZice Blarjeitbiry othe Iegcbutrtuiln ceueof te 5wOO Cme fOJ, Ixdaeta nd zurmyr, a. Old nai,ecntamngbn aorbdiied tOA3EaONg moms SEMlca watet areeldst~gra drnk f £5 Msf,or each. ug hoe ak12tmfort. -inb onn, iO~e2f.wnii~ bad-o UN T-e of XZ0hari outaOctai W 2iO~kO.stvet. bo1r, atdthe Mart:.er Eie of oarea ftp and Guoteco,ng w. an d a unteyo~prramn16 idsroil ;6 esetwhdbi.. ou te (ro,eicr Eate, ampyacuted ~at lt TXOCdt50Irnat a iceTi n t I"~G veriazm Tci ~aaa tothe -~ek BenAleas. m MESSRS. PAGE and OAr ER: av1 hFLLloy N.ath 1.TsL'o b3-AUldavN. Agat 12!Tat 6ev 2,tn one 1et, foxwal aecre tbPROVE pl~ of £10 acL' GOUyD Woitt,, aof;tu Ma Lerachpulte hes lli-nd-tho corer dwnliingoprthereom cieted, -sOlitua 5teate te.'2 cornnr of. 7 acid-rte and CbOkni4trerts -Imoiunwti ng ktg to 4ltl formner ofd b'.0 for. an expireeltgem to tha Iyeafr ofai72rfnss Tll, prmie agoundtk aet oa £6 Mnghoterlaiin shop AP ermi~arkbevieeet adodblenncron cteth tcqpanan ,,e1andhounr e2lm BhCrmn-streLt. at th onehre o M D amnar-stet cnd( l,wh~teart ivJi5 s; o erbl4m.nod l7and agntrrd eurel-ors,' 2Li 01.2on-sfet~ itief iand Sa S)ho.-,eax vra uep hold lat eslnuicat. , t V4?andreaut afluodund al OA ,k: hc-ave ceI ve1 S- anodoondi tu,ilsfo m1caa thatiece ofd F ritEIorte thc.OUNeo. Mett the oobe tialy bisk-uiltDweUn~-bnsea and Shepa .theret% ci-erte ad,o itnaea abs. Poage ofd Damaro-n,lanaents and mrentreet, It, OdnBradl-6free; London,le-fdote h.c Atands dweit ghus.li Con-Astesee, at the earnrt,ofDnmx-Fridyetg.a and`1rowin two et;an TW doulrble-ine POSho n pof-FREEHOL fst IT-DIrNG LithD. situata t4-rcinn ad nop d,oamg; te woleneVontheuil.-in loefror a tLondo to Badeb, 34ta werhne Iie of ted Cat sen-aers aSt,at ion &nieiGreat Nof £1b-I. per ihcnmy toeterwiti ; Fal ebtlnuioa, brtoccnbuil axd nodtenantse o an Ironderngti hyuearl vitk rental of s13 .31s "h precise. May be viewed. any permicuavajun odin of thEeat,ATavterha- ofit W.d S.1rons. toictosq 1o6.ctor. am Bra-trBactabvhnry-:, Pt thea :4art; oce of TM aera. CaeandCmern, land ecna reid an1srveyors, Cl l Ria-t-eMnmrkettl on, tIndS Gr;th%omr liere TMES'MS, AGrind CAIMORN wl ELb at12 intnll,TENTYMEaGT' onfeia. Aug & r l,- i to 1t~ BLLOn CKtSBxeo and S ithin aHmIlERof tne Coeybtn tloo the Groert Notfr.hr Jaulwaqiy; Octh. f yrwUc; )Ar en4r,iLlytikh ond elte ca1r.aRobL ofa astond-rx;atende wirh J oan hhnea e=m a efr.Cta log.lupb iea,an tesnmaynb band con ditosc!cf Mat; or o Me-zsss. e auiCkirnieyron 6LieOd agetsacdnreo, 4 Smal l ra-reot. ant ft. Ahas' and r a,nn,a, S AGLF i C& truOtN tol SELL by Wt . nscnly A jWUCTIO lgP~ fa ebort-cooand WIy2;REFtl% a tn; ii. I Itab.IosofSooDn and pr. 3anale ariossing, of a nearomn, tandm ita an urveyarin Si, Oldr Nioad.et:ret. 2mu xit.'3 JSELF5 an -d SON arespe atrueted tnoac SELL. biyWriting ECgOn'. toaubit tocsys ~lcn ThCrsday, atl# Varr lS,' -a -Ithma,Jl 4- 12, iEA R nTA ofaout42er lo heo awnem aREfSingOntoES TATES smallt_-zo tenmetrwthyreods hos lvecs2s 1S.v1. 2t7.ly Paand s3. "toeethaeptber-eceth, ha9. KIgsco5. lutl-hri,c&-e. coWeoflitcettresat., aolirite ofvr olid stanng bwn,d irecnitlyeet in tic- rstalytre erar, Nepe re remises may be viee.ianL.ad partiri,lse ad olet thed at trvea'Rvm. 0-ecandLue~rOT -ry Tatthea Rab-hnac an:al Brticnt-grscn-re Od; Kent aedy Es.. -licudr Reid Chnoeslrtaze 2, eond's-htidnetorayt. en ;and ci lbs anciones"1Oee-sbrt Fsvsry. Les eodHaitl Pa-eptold Lowper-ad. Rothcerhithe. n ldiit WSELF and SON res,pectfuly13 amunenne tbhat tbhe' IYThaeressdirc-it.-netlm.from the -sopre,tsT.-ahoisabouct -ruitting England. to.mcbmit to pnhlic A,UJTI'N. at (lerraway's, on ThrrJay uly 2-I fat 12, in fovnr lots, SIthe S3 fo rming FEE L tePAtiE. ronaecicCi orraldonhoose;, Oldn Kpte-oa,cfls arais-ho stret staerhincr an hams,oiy Norr. 3.c Choure, -p0lln. Cherttzeastetet droerhthe and fo:cthese"hces Drewetyercr-yad in tb 7arestbreet reap- nine-etrert: IthIe-licrIa" a nnripringa rental of abut£02 yeramnum. Thariemige fray the' viuew, andblu.h pirti:sels amrdat the P.crd,andl pak ianzs.d ltncor ateevlia R,,hybahl Oal ian llaeTs' Acme. ROtld I tt !btrad;]rclyr'Am,0Ktrad Dover Cast:e. iDeptfod;hieMt,Oerxt ha rdst Bedy. Eveth. I o itiir T6 htias -neery-lEsq.,n Rolidthe,20 ChetlneishI I&on-etriand . Fara ollcas' . . W SELFP 3rd .SUI V1N SL rebcfly AUnircTIOhatthy Tisedy ulyrr4. I 1. cinueaeve to, Slqnt2tX OUSES. formit.,the Gootire oaOend rrg-plar. Ceonrg-red old---tebtned TUBach-HOUSE kndw asthelicr a .d seol-kinota .iver t ac omus.no. 10. Cesituatle a--t.1 coevf pe-treet. ci fouCtlaetei llrewen. yatdionplthe rearf thre eorlg' evata orsinthedhnacadtehe pafrEment may bca clwe Nor 2,e, ache3 te-esti te Reya Oztakl'usbad. alsoafthoneralon Iamdise-leretalb. nl-grea-road ; zrete wt ond.ioEpr rhenatalofe £ 10peroannum irsn rmThe honsou Frjineg.e lremises seer'h, L;ifew`- cud w atme Grrxobtaine at ic IecaOa and ul nre. at 1 Tavorern BoftherYWhit1Me Hrt GeenwiaLrch: ite ail.W the prcingeon-urrcnailieot ~t.n mani. e.empnl-tgree. ofgt Tlmlncs erofodsr'tiveq., eiioce Sar. ehngerajc~~an f the auctioneeser 5 1. F(riwnateu, nyhry Lorg Le-mebol, i.cl Pobie-hensu. otirtown isi. s ..hl .1V ,a-e o .DeIi a -alt SouELL byzub-CtiOn, atot rimniual amonJte214nat15 tof.E i2 wth Iv ;ELceande.o SaON ropcfll-y abtiouncePItSliO.ttUHy W conro ipe-etrreed awl tin, Gr-een.-sxueioal of the t M.T.-, Sawa pe.ttinain th1E. waaity. The porewlleof mrayde Lviwd poene-ee tbe- IoretAeecda,ae pcIrtcRaSe PbadCHO; aloaterSoabrae ,oEnatdleBtrui-gtownroad C; r% it;-rcary arrird fof the anzienees.01, rol.wn-h si-ro T ioF ahotohe (toescdIrcgFe ulietor-roned, letong-acre. P,a olwent.at s, one 2),uumla, which v11. ath 1stby lit,ces o e thea.'o I ert tos rebinuit-X to pherb unum The L E preiss" be theltGowl of trad I-atindo tae teseitu,to the shave nwly-built anymds f2 dejahl.o -P y m HOie,wmed latwW efo-e atheile.as paticuzsotie the r.iysecraee of St. I usla',teSwan, iap?nrordedbymany; BWoan tadtorMeset1aI-try leadeabf mAl&-.-, Jenhimzo= Swee lage rnd emriisn sf lfedive,catr llmetrancing 1 tiard-atGrirews1-1:a h io and Balth, Buetlone-green Crora- n I ft eaelnes t.Consre,Finsbury. SELF and and resets f lry AbraouncAerthatdc we otrarted hr the Exerutem of th lthe Mr.r T.sB. Sha_ 1dheter maect, toSEL yAiCeiTION, M ata (Larsa*aya on. MAONea, Jul 20. WAGO an HOSESpUBLC~.OtlE, erftfoeL-s d,Do rat- Dlln.c-Aeed exte fnsie ealilud.etatehr.&.ched ot-cinecs theleas diseca flaroom %edlosa. -afiodtof. AO'a the Metfrdrod rlt,~ anre Mtrand. old enat, at£3 b lrere stinum,ortihch,o withoheWibing. peonthe ois IrntoSaou 62 in.( pa chrvumlaThe preistes%hv benon the orn-h Ntiden of Stheestte-1and hisr wido for upjwars ofa the Quetasrs. ay h viewd on week00 be nforeocrtin the xl, dpaticulers tobtaneod thereand aTthra Swn, Piri2d cfssrad -oat Salmrond BeuLl Iletbal-sreef;Tof Messmes, Jenkinso:cior,ve.ig and Skenlneon.rct Saovhinitr Cleand fteeIaue, hWetedhsapnl-rosta-Ciris anaadetso lie.Abraam Aes, do- Ir.Ao ae, ceased.-By Mr 3AOll T-avo. MIyASO, no the PeMise, 11u BNimaytucAiome-1cse Hetfc-tred,b order of the Exeutocou I 0ET of Mahoga-tnyrchi, anerodmCo rthes,leo.donin, aNflother Iils, :pedelstztal idboueas piitanoforte, ep$,sidcrictaiic,glaaes sio law wache, cinaan gae,; Ccii poas,thae Cangtalogmed o Hao Siriore. So . Lnon-entOlBroa Catrecnht. e Hnicelcletyt-ma.Ash--cpei;sn Sat ;o17Lanlhed -By lozg. MASO, at thw mround rish%Patc.lrtx ran Monday, Wgaltei 4. o,wUio XW.bal~teet na of Frbeo d aater, ch Uzjen-orw OLdrand,i- Fleetfat , No losefto h sie nfotat eai rm ed HnertClaprod.Mn, 'anld ] nearl teCnlyrde-GetdRd for63 bod3y r. MAIy Mt. eA0s Rataz t art,ond. Auouday Hugoatrorder at -ieMrt,-at esson 3 ethe withdngnpor th it. Tet5c.6 and 7, Shrr,atlIn th pe storyg, fonr thed orthde s -oNr elSe o Sst. = asi-eous-eth eatd hois 3om n athelQueen's-rod C.hpsesone .r o oUM rnpta; the Other AUCTItONo oldthenat deve,3.Ue-alnrt,wold Br-tre into jof= tue 3orgenfagatse). ehamber requisites, iron bedateada. and tho maS -culinary dtea Maybe iunwedthis dicy, and catalogues hasd -on the remisca *l_pd ait the auctionofioes, to Wfau-tirb-court, Gray'a-ian. PoettiveoanUacessrvtdBale,-tfb hiwy-CompaneKrcesaa- 'nzotiandOetMeirottoz>PM ;-an aat. tractor acid othes-A. poWerful neW LocoMotIve-Engne, ana zal - -lticbi'aPatnt aflcootivs and other Stcam 3c"aoca. - ,1l ,C.Flfl -BER'if SELL by AU0ifION, -it the ArLTlierelcs,~diainin tholttsn-d'Garer lain. Xew-brid.me,on Thinsdayw July A at 1for 1, the above eadlenid Z ot gesower, otahsd withthe heaxt meaterial end woiliaaSnela . -.j -a tngio n DLy he s,ee at anytimne upon aplrication ctt?e ilorsh6 crud part ers had t!are null at1 to iauctionofficer, in Trarwisk-cort, - CrJrthshreclcd-.Iite Triiv.ane.Oenlilthe lASSR:S. ESLAII ar'd BUC1zAND are .iinusruacted by t l0 Poprir to SELL lby A-UCTION, at tic Mtat onWardnealaY, JItal 3, at 1S, TWOezoejlgat biik.bugt PIlS HOLD lO17sEFs and SILoFI tcein, IZ3 Y Pacratore, mold antid -repeetabe choant, at the low r,a,f-it ! f:£0 ert anum, best of tics eetitnatodvroie of£00pccannvui. Xal-v-a- iewoR byFeeGDlonf thst honit; -ndElrttculae, -with- eonditiogrof aaao Vaer Eez[ckxwLDleq. aehidtor,34, Cannon-ttreetwest;of Seir -HaIa(adBucdlaci, atitlloueaeare- anr 2veyera, at Reading, ned 60 Caarnoo.2-etwcet.tilc, . -' :.,-- Loac-iold Horn, Pvntonvile. jjpjSES. IASLAIR and BUeXLAXI) ar-inithb IiEAB f a -neneTnent and desrablo DWEL 4G-HOUSH, lN o. 29, Cunrcrlicgstlret, Mw-d., leitonrilne. 1emdslcase 'r: .from Chrismash, t ag,round rentof £16 pernnnmu ee4ntung thrfiee raiplion rooms, aml library, thr good be-l roIm',aIary3ebt:berarnnfanta room., coal snodaric ccllarc';und the r,vrna offices, lwitD a garden in ibessre, of the i-c-de of £t41 pePcrnCOhn flay bvieWe&a 3:Dny timeCr, ad panticnLers, arilYconditio ot frxle& haad attho Mart e of IMlteire. §tcoieh aniFew sooellovo,5. Clemelit's laionpee, lshc'ur-dO.-a'irc't; or of ff;rEctari. H asla ad lllald. - ant-.
