DEATHS. On the 13th of December lst, at 5Morphett-vale. near Adelaide, South Australis, Helen Elizabeth, third daughter of Mr. Robert 'Bradley, of Islington, London, and niece of Mr. Edward Bradley, of Morphett-vale, late of Sheffield. On Friday, the 4tb inst., in the 74th year of his age, the Rev. Thomas FisLher, ILA,, rector of Luccombe,' Someret. On the 5th ianst., at her residence, the Vicarage, Burns, L'incolnshire, sincerelyregretted, Elizabeth, relict of the late John Manhby, Faq.. aged 61. On the 7th inst., at Carlisle, Sarah, widow of the late Baldwin Wake, IBaq., MLD., of York, aged 74, On the Sth inst., at his residence, Llantwit-Ma.jor, Glamorganshire, Elks Bass-stt, Es-q., agedll5. On the 8th inst., at 7. Augusta-place,"Worthing. Jane, relict of the late Mr. Edrvd. Botting, of Lsfield-place, Sussex. aged92. 'On the eth inst. at 11. Abbey-street, Carlisle, Eden Sticlmney, aged 51, for upwards oi '9 years the faithful and valued attendant in the family of Mms. J. C. Parker. On the 10th inst., at Brighton. Charles George, jrun, Esq., late of Bath, aged 47. On the Ilth inst., at I A, Hereford-street, Oxford-street Mr. Henry John Goter, in the SRI year of his age. On the lth inst.. atUxbridge, MIrs. Mrary Best, aged S5. On the llth inst., at Worcester, aged 51, Ann, wvife of James Sibley, late of Limnehoose. OnL the SIliet., at Hayes, Middlesex, in the 65th year -'f her age, Mary Ann, the beloved and affectionate vwife of William Merten. On Friday. the 1lth inst at his residence, 257, Oxford-street, John 13y. Goter, muany years the respected and manauaging clerk, of the late him of Wilkinson and Kidid. On the 12th inst., at South-end-green, nampstead, Mrs. Pittet, in her 91st year. On the 12-th inst., at Arundel, Richard Holmes, Esq.. solicitor, in the 71st,year of his age. On thte 11th inst., at Brempton. Elizabeth Jane, relict of the late Thomas lhite, Es., formerlyof Newuton, Wilts, in the 77th year of her age. On the 13th inst., at 'Emescete, WVareickeshire, Georgge Yemeno Keys, OEa,th aced 57, youngest son of the late Richard Keys, Esq., of Cheadle, Stafferdahire. On Sunaday morning, the 11th inst. at Kemberton Rectok. Salop, aged 2 years- and S mooths, Gerald WVotryche, the second anT beloved son of the Rev. George Whitmosre. On the I1th inot., at Old-park, N iton, i. W., in the 34th year of his age, Willam atlet Dansey, En.;,en of the late Colonel Dansey, C.B., Royal ArtiWery. On the lath inst, at 5, Stanhope-street, Park-place, Jane, relict of the late James Ryan Smyth, Esq., of Deere-terrace, Jersey. On the 14th inst.. deeply lamented by his serwn faiy c James sWeLdon, of Cursitor-stret, Chancery-lane, wetat 67, On Sunday, the 14th inst., three days before completing her f11th year. Rosa Emily, the eldest and beloved cbild of Edward WVright, EsqD, of 25, Woburn-seuare.
,STEAA COMMUNICATION WITH AUSTRALIA. Yesterday, at 2 o'clock, a large and influential public meeting, convened at the instance of the General Association for the Australian Colonies, was held at the London Tavern, Bishopsgate-street, to determine on the best means to be taken to insure the immediate re-establishment of our steamn postal relations with Astralia. The Right Hon. the Lord Mayor was called to the chair, and among the cornp any on the platform were the Earl of Hardwicke, Lord Stanley, MP., Mr. Nr Seymer, 3LP., Mr. W. Brown, II.P. MIr. John WGregor, MYP., Mr. lt. W. Crawford, Mr. w. d. Wentworth, Mr. Ca B. Zewseniam, Sheriff of South Austrasa, Mr. De SaiMr. r. L ee Stevens, Mr. OtBienle, Mr. Dakin, Mr. Ravenshaw, Mr. J. A. Youl, and many other gentlemen of influence andstanding. The CHAIRid.iN, in opening the proceedings, expressed the pleasure he felt in seeing so large and influential a mreeting before him, because the subject on which they vere called together to deliberate was second to none in importance tothis country. (Cheeas.) No one could have a higher opinion of the importance of the Australian colonies to the mother country than himself, and it had been a subject of great regret to himn that so little had hitherto been done with the viewv of bringing those colonies within a reasonable time of communication with the parent State. (Hear, hear.) Nost of them -were aware that a ship with a large freight of gold was now considered out of time, and, although, perhaps, the period of her being out might not be very great, yet the apprehensions of persons expecting remittances by that vessel probably drove thesi into the market to give a heavy premium, which, if the ship arrived, might be said to be money unfairly taken from the colonists or from their agents in this country. During the last year especially, when money in this country was very scarce, every day which a vessel bringing the mails to this country was detained at sea was an injury to the public and a loss to merchants engaged in the trade with Australia. The money, therefore, that would be saved by an improved postal communication would go a long way towards the expense of a subsidy; and the meeting, in coining forard to urge on the Government, both for themselves and for the colonies, to expedite the employment of a fleet of steamships to carry onthe intercourse between the Australian colonies and this country, instead of sailing vessels, were doing a great public service. HIe trsted the result would be that a line of steaishilpe would be established to remedy the inconveniences which they had hitherto felt, and that the consmunication between the Australian colonies andthe mother country would be further facilitated by the adoption of some more direct and eligible route than the present. (Hear, hear.) He concluded by calling pon Mr. Wentworth, an eminent colonist in New South Wales, to move the first resolution. *Mr. WENTwoRTHsaidhehad passed thegreater part of his life in Australia, and he could conscientiously say that there was but one feeling of indignation and disgust in reference to this question prevalent from one end of the Australian colonies to the other. (Cheers.) Steam communication was officially promised to the colonies in 1846, and that promise, tardily made, was reluctantly fulfilleledin 1852-six years afterwards; and then, instead of giving the service to one competent public company, it was split into two parts, and the one assigned to the General Screw Company, and the other to the Peninsular and Oriental Company. It was predicted from the first, both in the colonies and in this country, that the route round the Cape could notbeaccomphshedinanycertaiin timebythe subsidiaryscrew vessels whichbelonged tothe General Screw Company. It was known that the vessels were too small and that the placesof coaling were too far apart. Those apprehensionswere veriied by the result, for the average time taken by the General Screw Company's ships to perform the voyage between this country and Australia was 84 days. The contract of the Peninsular and Oriental Company was performed by subsidiary vessels, branching off from the great Indian steam line at Ceylon, and one of the stipulations in that contract was that the steamers should go at the rate of 81 miles an hour; but, in point of fact, they only went 6A miles an hour. Stili, however, they performed the voyage in 64 days, which it took the General Screw Company 84 days to do. That state of things continued for about two years. In 1854 the General Screw Company's ships employed in the Australian postal service were required for the purposes of the 'war; it was said, also, that the other company's vessels were wanted for the same purpose, and upon that pretext the steam communication vith Australia, bad as it was, was extinguished, or, rather, he should say, suspended, for in a Treasury minute on the subject it was expressly stated that the contract extended from 1853 to 1861, and was therefore still in force. The universal impression, however, in the colony was that these companies took the contract at too low a rate, that they were anxious to get rid of it, and that the alleged requirements of the var were a pretext, and not a reality. (Hear, hear.) He came to this country in one of the vessels belonging to the Peninsular and Oriental Company just before the war broke out, and he knew that that ship, instead of being pressed into the service of the war, was immediately sent into the opium trade with China. (Hear, hear.) He was told that other vessels on the line went into the same trade. At all events, the result was thatit was decided about thattimeto carry onthe steam communication with China twice a-month, and to drop the Australian service altogether. ("Hear," and "Shame.') Since that time they had had what was called a clipper line, one of which clippers had been out 110 days; so that, bad asthe postal communication was carried on by the Peninsular and Oriental Company, it was certainly better than it was under the clipper service, for those clippers had been 841 days on an average in going out, and 931 days on an average in coming home. At last the Lords of the Treasury pricked up their ears and went to the immense labour of preparing a Treasury minute on the subject. A very general opinion prevaile that the substance of that document was that the steam communication was to be immediately resumed; but, in point of fact, a reference had been made by it to the Australian colonies to ascertain the amount of contribution or subsidy which each colony was wiling to pay for so great a benefit. (Hear, bear.) Upon that question of subsidy, though the colonists did not mean to makle a stand upon it, he felt bound to make an observation or two. When the steam postal line was established by the Government, in 1852, the whole cost of it, -whatever it was, was paid out of the Imperial exchequer, in conformity with the universal rule in respect to the po-tal service between the colonies and the mother country, that of the East India Company excepted ; and he asked upon what pLinciple of common justice or fairness could the Australian colonies be called on to pay one-half of the expense of the steam postal service with the parent State; why should they be treated differently from the other colonies of the kingdom ? (Hear, hear.) Mr. Wentworth wvent on to contend that, though the colonists were the parties moving in this matter, it was really and truly more an Imperial question than a colonial one, andthis he sought to estatlsh by a reference to the statistics of the tonnage employed in the trade between England and Australia and of the exports and imports. He concluded by moving a resolution to the effect that while the long-continued interruption of all postal steam intercourse with the Australian colonies had been productive of serious discontent nd detriment to them, it had been in a stil greater degree injurious to the commerce and finances of the united kingdor. Mr. RA MssH&W briefly seconded the resolution, which was put and carried unanimously. The Earl of Hfiin cm-D cs, after a few preliminary remarks, said he would take up the subject at the point where Mx. VSWentworth had left it, and would urge upon the meeting the necessity of at once pressmg the Government to abandon their intention to consult the colonies before settling this question. (Cheers.) It appeared that the Government had decided that the communication with the Australian colonies should be resumed by steamvessels employed under contract ; but, for some reason or another, they thought they had not sufficient information to enable them to resume it with that degree of success which the Postmaster would consider necessary. He (Lord Hardwicke) believed, however, that they had the whole of the information that was necessary for action in the matter, and the means not only of ascertaining the wishes of the colonists in reference to it, but the degree of pecuniary assistance which the colonies were able to afford towards the expense of maintaining the communication in question. That being so, he asked why they should not be immediately put in possession of it. (Hear, hear.) He did not look at this communication alone as it would affect the mercantile intercourse between the mother country and the Australian colonies. On the c^r^-ry, now that they had established betweeen variousvi nr-,s, the world that rapid meansof intercommunuicationi whlich .science had facilitated it became tnem to urge on the C;ovenmnent to promote between all the colonies of the empire that degree of fre3uent and affectionate intercourse between themselves and the parent State which would bind them together in a community of feeling, and lead them to look upon themselves in the aggregate as one united enpiire. (Cheers.) The result of such a means of communication as was now sought to be established between this coun-try and Australia would be, as had been well said in aprintedpamphlet onthe subject, to "facilitate the investment of eapitalforthe gradual development of the boundless resources of Australia andNew Zealand; establishmuchg terconfidence inaUmercantiletransactons with the colony, by preventing loss from overstocked markets; obviate the inconvenience arising from a scarcity in the supplies of European merchandise : and enable the merchant shippers in the colony to effect insurances on their ships and merchandise in England., (Hear, hear.) These were really the great and essential points in reference to the communication with Australia. Bt when he looked to Australia alone, and dealt with it as a separate colony, he must advert to its vast mercantile importance, the extent of its resources, and the readiness of its people to co-operate with the mother country in all the commercial ent&prises of the colony. (Hear, hear.) He might state to the meeting, on the authonty of a Parliamentaryzreturn, that the population of the world-estimated at millions-consumed yearly Is. 2d. per head of British exports, and that the proportionate consumption by foreign countries and British colonies was estimated as followsyn-7. I (Uear, hear.) As to the question of route, the one as far as Aden on the Red Sea had been established as a useful route; but from that point a difference of opinion would arise, and he could not undertand why in the present day, with the power of steam so thoroughly establsled and understood, anything but rocks and shoals, which always required a careful look-out on the part of seamen, was to prevent a direct aine of communication from port to port, seeing that steam power defied wmds and currents to a certain extent. The question Of propelling power was left entirely to their own discretion and command, and he, as a seaman, shouald say the shortest line was the best, especially in a case where they gained a difference between 84 days and 48 days. That seemed to him to be an irresistible argument in favour of a direct line. There might be a question between Thezo Garcia and the 3unritiuS. To pas Diego Garcia it wold be necessary to build there a lighthouse, to establish a dep t for coals, and a small colony to supply PAg ships With other neCesQn"e, He thought that miht be dono m time, but he shiould recormnend hatc f,he BTuitius beSfrst takcen, with the ultimate view of establishing the necemary fac-I 7ife h hde t;k ;jm ftZC79U tlLtiE should pass King George's Sound to Melbourne, and there deliver the mails, leaving the colonists themselves to distribute those mails. (Hear, hear.) The noble earl concluded by moving that it was expedient that immediate steps be taken to establish a steam postal service suitable othe vast commerce and growing importance of Australia. Mr. Mm SrYEP., IL?., in secondin- the resolution, said his firm belief was that, had the Government stated at once that they wonld stand aloof in reference tothis matter, the spirit and private enterprise of the people of this country and of the colony would long ago have established a line of steam communication for themselves. (Cheers.) Mr. RMGWAY suggested that, now that a treaty of peace had been concluded, it would be well for the Government to send some of the steamships of the navy to try and deterinine the best and shortest route to Australia. He hoped, at all events, that lord Hardwicke's idea of passing by the door of South Australia would not be carried into effect. The resolution was then put, and, like its predecessor, carried unanimously. Lord STA.OLEy, 31.P., 'who was received 'with loud cheers, said it appeared to him that the most material facts relating to this question had been laid before the meeting at suffident length and 'vith sufficient clearness; and he should therefore trouble them with only a few words on the general subject. He would say, in the finrst place, that, unconnected as he was personally either vith the colonies or with commerce, nothing would have induced him to appear in this matter, except the conviction, which had been reluctantly forced upon his mindby tbe circumstances of the case that there had been, to say the least of it, culpable carelessness on the part of those in power in a matter deeply affecting the interests of an important portion of the empire. (Cheers.) With the delay of six years, between 184G and 1852, he had nothing now to do. Neither could he, in fairness, find fault with the Government of the day for having in the first instance adopted the line by way of the Cape, for it was the line in favour of which a committee of the House of Commons reported. Indeed, he was perhaps an interested party in that matter, for he was a member of that committee, who took pains to collect whatever evidence was accessible to them, and who entered upon the inquiry with a sinceredesire to do impartially that which they thought best forthe interestof the countryandthe colonists Butthey were mostly landsmen, and had no practical experience to guide them. They could therefore only go on uncertain and doubtful information; and, in point and fact, the lne which' was now proposed, and which seemed to have been generally adopted and approved by practical men, was not before the committee at alL Theyhad before that conmmittee three lines, one of them being byPanama, 'which was rejected almost unanimously. The lines most debated were the one by way of the Cape, and that to Ceylon by the Red Sea. He remembered well that the question was fully and carefully considered;* and he thought the argnument which at that time most prevailed was that by the line by the Cape passecgers anld goods might go from England to Australia without trans-shipment. The complaints now made by the colonists and by people at home wvere three-fold-first, that the steam communication between the colony, and the mother country was supersededcwithoutnecessity; secondly that no steps had beentaken to restore it; and, thirdly that now, when its restoration was proposed, that boon had been clogged with a condition unusual, and, in fact, unprecedented. (Cheers.) They said first that the steam communication was superseded without necessity, and without necessity because the Clina line and the WVest Indies and South-American lines were maintained during the 'whole pressure of the war. Whether they considered the amount of traffic or the amount of personal intercourse, the line to Australia equalled. and perhaps outweighed, in importance not only one of those three, but, perhaps, all the three put together; for our exports to China, with its 300,000,000 of population, werejust onesixteenth of those to Australia, with its 700,000 peole (Cheers.) He would only ask whether, if preparations had been commenced earlier, the 'whole of the routes would not have been supplied without interruption. He would not ash how many steamers were lying idle in the harbours of Balalilava and Constantinople when the suppression of this postalcommunicationwithAustraliatookplace. (A laugh At that time, the Duke of Newcastle-and hewishedto speak of him with all courtesy asa gentleman eminently fitted forprivate life (alaugh)-was inoffice; and it wasratherremarkable that at that time whenevery order that emanated from that depaitinent of the public service went to the wrong person or the wrong place, and 'when every act was either left undone, or, if done, was done six months after it was directed to be put in force (P laugh), the one act that was well and effectually done was tha' of stopping the Australias. postal service. (Hear, hear.) They next complained that, that communication having been interrupted, no pains were taken to restore it. In a moment of emergency the Government might require the services of every steamvessel on which they could lay their hands; but the war, though it lasted two years, might have lasted ten, and during- its continuance no single step was t4aen for replacing that which in a moment of temporary exigency they had taken away (hear hear) ;-a fact which could only be explained by a reference to that inveterate habit of politicians of the old school of giving a disproportionate share of attention to questions sffectingforeign Conrts or questions of diplomacy, and overlooking the more important interests of the British colonies. (Hear, hear.) The third complaint -was that in this case alone the colonies of Australia had been required to pay a share of the expense of this communication. He was not going to pledge himself to any opinion with reference to the question of subsidy. He would only observe that if ugland and Australia obtained a mutual benefit in this matter it was only' fair that the colonies should pay their share of the expense; hut it was renmarkable that such a rulo should have been adopted in this solitary instance, especially after the colonies had actually offered 70,0001. for the purpose of maintaining this communication. He thought if the object of not losing time had been duly appreciated it would have been no difficult matter for the Government to say they wvould accept that offer, nddann equal suin toit, and make a provisional arrangement now and a permanent one hereafter. (Cheers.) But there was no doubt that in themanagement of the Colonial Department the Government of the day-and he did not speak of any Government in particular-had been too much in the habit of acting towards the colonsts as though they were negobiatingwith a hostile people, instead of dealing with them as friends and fellowcountrymen, whose iterests were indissolubly bound up with our own. (Cheers.) One word as to Australia itself Seventy years ago that vast continent 'was hardly laid dovwn on any existing map. It 'was now the recipient of oneeighth of our commerce, the hope of our labourinz population, 'who have but small prospects of advancement or amelioration at home, and the residence of nearly 1,000,000 of industrious citizens. (Hear, hear.) It was no figure of speech to say that the future of England in a great degree depended on hercolonies. We had, as they al kinew, many disculties to impede our national progress. We had our hereditary pauperism and our hereditary debt, and wve had to maintain at vast cost large military and naval arnaments. He imagined that every thoughtful statesman must feel that, vast as were our resoures and gigantic as was the energy of the English race, still that in the race of industrial competition with other and younger nations we were fearfully overweighted. (Hear, hear.) let them take a simple statistical fact. The population of this country doubled itself in half a-century; the Dopulation of the Anglo-Saxon colonies, as a general rule, doubled itself oncein25 years; andhebelieved it was awise expectation,looking forward a centuryfrom this time-to say that one of thegreatest sources of our nationalstrengthandour national glory would then lie in our comnexion with the independent States of America, Australia, and Canada. (Cheers.) It 'was therefore our duty and our interest to keep with t em. Theprincipleof self-government was not much a fashion at the present period of the world; but self-government had been the wholesome characteristic of the English race; and they might depend upon it that every English colonist who located himself in any of our distant dependencies, and every acre of land that he reclaimed from the wilderness and the waste, would be a guarantee to Europe for the recognition of that principle and for the ultimate triumph throughout the whole of the British dominions of free speech, free thoughit, and free action. (Loud cheers.) The noble Lord then moved a resolution to the effect that it appeared to that meeting that, provided the usual postal speed of 10 knots, or nautical miles, an hour could be attained, the transit of letters between London and Melbourne might be easily effected in 44 days. The resolution was seconded by Mr. EmctRY GonTDox. Mr. E. STEVENS said he had just come to this country from Australia, and was well acquainted with the feelings of the colonists on this question. He wished to say that he did not believe it possible to get to Australia in 44 days, nor did the colonists themselves desdre to see such a consummation. They liad but one simple request to make in this matter, and that was to have no more experiments in reference to it. (Cheers.) They were sick of delay and sick of change; they had plenty of money to psy for steam postal communication; ana they asked the fmperial Government to concede it to them at once. On the question of route he contended thatDiegoGarciawas a terra incognita to the British sailor, and that they would lose one ship out of four if they sent them by that route. (Hear, hear.) After a few words from Mr. DAx~rand a gentleman in the body of the meeting, whose name did not transpire, the resolution was modified and passed, with scarcely a dissentient, in this_form:- " That it appeared to the meeting that the transmission ofletters betweenEnglandl andlAustralia could be performned at an average rate of not less than 10 knots an houar; and that this should be effected by the maost eligible route and in the shortest possible time. On the mnotion of Mr. R. W. CRmAWronD, sec-ondedl by Sir M. FAmQiEum&s, petitions signed by the chairman on behalf of t-he meeting, and foundedl on the preceding resolutions, were agreed to be presented to both Houses of Parliament ; and as deputation was appointed to wait on the Government and pres the subjee. on their immediate consideration. The meeting was also addressed by Mr. W. Malins, Mr. De Salis, Ms. Lee Stevens, and other gentlemen. On the motion of Sir W. 3FAsTiWs a vote of thanks was tenderedI by acclamation to the Lord Mayor; and with that the proceedings terminated.
TOEVoLCem cERumox ix TnESA%m)wicISLAIss -"Under date of December 28 the Rev. Mr. Coan writes as followss:-'Every day da.-kens the prospects of lio. The strem comes in great force, some two miles a-week. Three or four mileswill bring itthrough the woods. It follows water channels dries up aqueous matter, and forms fiery cascades of terrible sublimity. It heads straight down upon us, and nothing but the hand of Omnipotence can save our town and bay. Our expulsion seems every day more and more a solemn reality. Molten fires are gleaming, trees are falling, the jungle is consuniing, nivers are boiling and ascending in steam clouds. Onward, onward rolls the burnig deluge-slowly, sullenly, relentlessly, end with resistless force. I hope to be able to give you a full account in time. P.S. h man died tbis morning from falling into theboiling water nearthe fused lava stream'"-CoRforniam vacper. MMInA_N 3 MATTS.-The steamer Ericsson will sil fromn iverpool for Nevv York on Wednesday mnorning i*th the mails orie United States and Canada. Letters ber tthe verol post-ofice on the morning 7 30, and on 4c iNJa2 a.l tll8 Qa.m,
PTARLIAMBATTARY INTyLLrUGBNCE. ROUSE OF W&DS, IOON-DAY, ArRiL 14. The 1onn C'CrEYcs.or. tookl his seat on the wyoolsack j at 5 o'clock. The Biiahomy.7 ST. ASAIPH presented a petition against the abolltixqnZ,f church-rates without an equivalent. Thek Bbinrp of ST. DAVID'S presented two petitions to the same; fect. Lod. 1CAMPBELL presented a petition from Glasgow againsti'he bil for legalizing marriage with adeceased wife's siater. Tho Earl of ST. GERIIANS presented a petition in favo-r of the bill for the amendment of the larritage law; sno one from Leicester in favour of an alteration of the law 2respecting the property of married women. The Bishop of BANGOR, wlho was very indistinctly heard in the oallery, wais understood to complain that a motion wrhichie had carried sOelie nights since to the effect that the report of the Ecclesiastical Conmnissioners presented in the month of January, 1333, be laid on the table, did not appear on the journals of the house. Lord lEIDESDALE explainied that the report in question barin- been already laid on the table the only motion that could be niade in its regard was, that it be reprinted. The LORD CHAUNCELLOR confirmed this statement. adding that the report had been lying on the table for 23 years, and that any allusion to the table now niust contenplate the remoi-al of the document therefrom. (" Hear, healr," and a laugh.) After a fewv words from Lord C.uxawELa, the subject was allowed to drolp. THE FIRE BRICADE IN THE HOUSE OF LORDS.' Lord REDESDALE desired to call the attention of their lordships to a matter of some importance. He had been inforned that the -"hole of the fire brigade had, without notice being given to the Black Roel or any of the officers, teen withdrawn froisi the house, and that it was intended that their duties should henceforward be undertaken by the polce.lt Afire had alreadyoccurred in the house, but it was immnediately got under by the efforts of the brigade. All the anangwcacnts uith regard to the supply of wvater were very complicated and very carefully attended to; the water mains wvere in cornexion with the gas, the cocks were kept well oiled, and, in fact, everything was kept ready, so that in the event of a fire breaking out it might be immediately extinguished. It was obvious that if all these matters were put into the hands of the police, who were frequently changed, and had therefore little opportunity to become acquainted with them, the safety of the house would not be aS well provided for as under the old system. (Hear, hear.) It wasunfortunate that this alteration should have been muade withouit comnmunication wsith any of the officers of the house and he trusted that the matter vould be inquired into. Lord STANLEY of ALDERT Y promised that hewould inquire irnto the matter, and would, on a future day, inform their lordships of the result of his inquiries. TORTUTRE IN MA3RAS. The Earl of ABJBEMARLE rose to present a petition from certain inhabitants of Madras, complaining of the infliction of torture by the officers of the Government, and praying for their lordships' protection; and to move resolutions upon the subject. The noble lord said that the petitioners were anxious that tbeir lordships should not take the report which had been laid upon their table 'a conveying any adequate idea of the amount of suffering endured by the inhabitants of the presidency of Madras. The commissioners themselves naturally acknoewledged the incompleteness of their report, becaue they said that full inquiry would have occupied two years, and the Labours of the commission were brought to a conclusion in three months. Besides this, the commission sat in the town of Madras, wlhere, owing to the wvant of means of internal communication, and the extent of the presidency, it was impossible that many of the sufferers should attend to iisake their complaints. The report must, there. fore, be considered simply as a sample of the way in which justice was administered, and the revenue collected under the East India Conspany. Withouit stopping to contrast the innocent suirprise expressed by the home authorities at the prevalence of torture over a territory inhabited by 22,000,000 of inhabitants, vith the fact that thera existed documents written between the years 1S06 and 15-2, wlhich proved the infliction of such torture, he wvould proceed'at once to the question of the torture itself. To correct the impression which seemed to exist on the part of some of the ciNil servants of the East India Company that torture could only be inflicted by the use of such instrumients as the rack, the boot. and the wheel, he would quote the definition of torture given by Dr. Johnson, which was " pain by wvhich guilt is punished or confession extorted." Hf he aught make an addition to the definition of the great lexicographer he avouh add "ior Government revenue extorted." That their lordships might not think that the torture inflicted wvas of the mildest description, an impression whichitheymuight receive from the despatch from the Court of Directors to the Governor of Madras, dated the 12th of Septessber, 1235, lie w-ould read a list of the modes of torture practised wvlhich he had extracted from the report of the commissioners. These were-deprivation of foon and water; hindering a nma from sleeping; hanging a necklace of bones or other disgusting materials ronnd the neck (a punishment peculiarly offensive to a IHindoo); compelling a man to sit on his heels, with brickbats or sharp stones under his hams - striking the heads of twvo defaulters against each other tying twvo persons together in a stooping posture by the hair of their heads; tying a man in a stooping posture to the .wheel of a cart: tying a man by the hair of his head to the tail of an ass and parading him through the public market; forcing a man into a stooping posture with another man on his back; binding a man to one tree and hoisting his leg by a rope attached to another; suspending a man by his heels to the bough of a tree ; suspending him by the wrist ard scourging him w-hile in the air. If his (Lord Albemarle's) recollection serveed him right there w-as in that report an instance of a woman vwho had died under the infliction of this torture. Tying to a tree with a fire underneath, in order to produce partial suffocation; forcing a man to whirl his head in a peculiar manner vith his hair dishevelled, sitting in the sun, the process being asisted by scour-ing (called in the native collector's olice "extractin- the devil ') suspending a man by his arias tied behinl his back, w;hich he (Lord Albemarle) believed was the Italian punishment of tIle stlrqpapdo; plungmig into w-clls and rivers until the victim was half, or sometimes wholly, drowned ; placing the carpenter beetle or other gnawing insect or some stinging reptile, confined wvithin a cocoa-nut shell, on the navel or stil niore sensitive part of the body, causing great torment; cudgelling vith bludgeons with such severity as to produce dislocation; placing the muzzle of a musket on the great toe, and forcing the party to continue w%ith it for hours in the burning SUnI; placing a stick across the chest with a man seated at each end of it, so as to produce partial suffocation, the torture being in soine cases conitinued until the tongue protrrded from the mouth; binding a limb by twisting a rough rope roundMit, so as to impede the eirculation, the inteiisity of the torture behig increased by the apphcation of a composition of red pepper, sclt, and mustardL This torture the Coust of Directors hiad themselves described in their letters 'written in the year 1801. Another punishmellnt v as the stocks-avery different punish. ment from the stocks formerly used in this country; the victim was placed oii his back vith his heels in the air, his face exposed to the sun by day, and the damp and cold by night. Then there u-as lifting up by and tearing out the mustachios-not only a very painful torture, but a great indignity into the bargain; placing thc victim on a nest of red ants, also a very painful torture; squeezing the crossed fingers; pinching the fingers between a cleft bamboo - torture by the kittec, an instrunient by wvhich the fingers were gra luaaUy beit back until the pain wvas unbearable; pinching the inqde of the thighs; nipping the flesh -with wooden or iron pmcers; pounding the joints with malets of soft wvood; flangellation w ith every kind of scourge in every part of the hiunan body, and with suds severity as occasionally to cause death (at page 80 wvould be found the case mentioned by 1r. Lushington of a man flogged to death for nois-payment of taxes) ; tying rags round the fingers and setting tire to them; burning, various parts of the body with a lighted cheroot, heated packing needles and searing-irons; wrapping the body im cotton steeped in oil, and setting fire to it; compression of the sensitive organs of the body; driving thorns under the naiLs; filling the no)strils, eyes, and other parts of the body with cayenne pepper; applying thc bamboo pincers to womens' breast s. Il their despatels of the 12th of September, 13o55, the directors referred with great satisfaction to a passage in the report at page 35, in wlich the European officers were acquitted of all acquaintance with the existence of torture, and in which also, it was alleged, that the natives placed implicit confidence in the integrity of the European officers. Ie woiuld state the facts bearing on these points, and then leave their lordships to draw thieirowvn conclusions. For his own part ho could not agree with either assertion. First, wiith regard to the confidence placed by the natives in the interity of tlhe European officers. At page SG, Mr. Mlinclisi, sub-collector of Nellore, stated- - The fact that iso cases of torture have been inquired into for the last seven years must force on the mind the conviction tlat thc body of the people believed that the system of personal illusage for thme collection of revenue was at least connived at by the Government and its officers. The answvers lo any (questions on this point have been always confitrmatory of this husmiflia7ting truth." At p"e iSo, C;aptahe Boioealn, civil engincer, of Nellore, stated- " TIhe idea of torture being tacitly tolerated by the Government or its European officers is so far prevalent that a belief is expressed tliat any conyiplaint made of torture inflicted for the non-paysent of the kist (rent) wvonld not be attended to." At page V.5, Mr. Saalfelt, agent to MIessrs. Arbuthnot and Conany, stated- "Not a single individual can be fowud bold or re$entEtfl eisough to make turture a subject of co'mplaint, semuly h-- cause the idea is prevalent among the people that isilc acts are tacitly tolerated bv the Governixent." At p'te 97, the Rev. E. WVebb, of 'Be1lary sid - I M must add in conscience that the pniprsesion entertained by the people is that by isiny 'European serIants 6f the Governmient the whole suibject is avoided, 'and'thit it is tacitly peruitted as a s:ort o,f irreslseditble evil. I hpxe mvself received the reply from more than one gentlenri iitn the service of the Governluelit wvhen referem'ce was mtdd tothil0- mode of obt3inins drideec, We lD:v' notl-h'K'to 4 wial: that, it is nl eb ;ossi .' Thiese gentleuuen would, r*thout doubt, have severely pyunislied a case of thcm kind 'afusfac torily proved." A t page 11r, 3". F. W. Good svm, Civil anrd ScspionfJud e Salem, said- "As far as I coulduxsdeltas- or jttdge the Idea teas pre lent among the people tli-it sucil acts w9ere tudlfl'telerat fd, by the Government 6r ill ropeanoffictri 'Idirecled to do Eo, I can fuirnish sonb Utadls' tuVich qplmear tilieto sap rt the above opinion."' - At pa ge 210, .Ir. £eur.dii;0ldss tcoltecta ;9t 4rCOt;rsiuoting.f the evidence of a native revenue officer of North Arcot, said- I " The ryots do not think chat the Government and col- - lector do authorize suCh an.cs; but they thinik the collector i does connive at it, and tbAt if- any. charge of this kind were : given, the colcetor weC4ld inquire into it formually, but atthe end he would disrjiss it cn the ground that the charce was not proved. On. this account the ryots are backward to make complaint." What constitute) connivance? If it was said that non-connivance mtearit ig norance of the fact; that certainly could not be substantiated. Ignorance of the existence of torture among the civil servants of India w.as imlpossible. The Hon. Walter Elliot had made a very able report on the subject, and had drawvn up an analysis of the evidence, from which it appered that- "Of 215 responses elicited, only seven express a disbelief in the existence of the practice, 17 give no positive opinion, while 197, of whom 112 are public officers engaged in the civil administration, &c., conctur in stating their belief in the prevalence of the ev;il to a greater or less degree." Witl regard to those wvllo disbelieved its the existence of torture he would quote Judge Cotton, of Masulipatam, who said that if the civil servant were asked, "Does torture exist "' from the highest to the lowest subordinate official the answer must be in the affirmative. Ile might be very uncharitable, but he could not conscientiously acqtuit the civil servants of Incdia of all acquaintance with the existence of this practice. Connivance of some kind was shownix by the almost universal repugnance of the civil servants to conNict a subordinate, evets upon the strongest evidence. Take one district alone-that of Coimbatore. At page 131, it would be found that Mr. E. B. Thomas, a magistrate in that district, stated that "torture, properlyso called, has ceased to prevail." Mr. Walhouse, another magistrate, also stated that he considered his knowledge of facts enabled hiun to pronounce that the statements it the speeches circulated by the Government (i.e., the speeches in the other House) were pure fictions as regarded that district, and Ret, on looking a little further,it wouldbe found that tw o menhad beentortured to death-one for non-payment of revenue, in his district. The noble earl here referred to the convictions in tlat district, involving numerous vases of torture from 1847 to 1353, tivo of -which convictions, he said, were by a inagistrate who had stated that he considered torture had ceased, and others by the very magist rate (Mr. Walhouse) who gave MIr. Danby Seymour the lie as to the existence of torture. The torture inflicted was described under the vague I title of ill-treatment, but among the instruments used were the stocks, the handcuff, and the scourge, and lie need not tell their lordships that when people were flogged to death, that was a punishment which came inder the category of torture. Another point worth rem.arking was the absurdly light character of the offences compared with the punishment inflicted;* son of the offences being the non-payment of 12 or 10 rupees. In England every one concerned in the infliction of such cruel puishments vwould have been dismissed from office. One of the facts proved was the necessity of torture for the realization of the revenue, and he thought that fact alone would establish the point that there existed the grievance of over-assessment. WVhen rent could only be obtained by uicans of tolture, it miclht safely be assumed that the land was rent-ed too high. Mr. Seymour, when fortunately for the natives of India he visited India-for otherwise these atrocities might have been buried in oblivion for aniother half century-asked Mr. F. N. hEaltby, collector and magistrate of Canara, awhether the Government had taken the best measures to put it (torture) down, anid he (Mr. Maltby) replied, that he could never say that, so long as they maintained in many districts a rate of assessment which he believed to be excessive. Mr. J. D. BourdiUon, collector and magistrate of Nortl Arcot, enumerating the causes of torture, instanced the high assessment of the land:- "<With a moderate assessment," said Mr. Bourdillon, "land would have become a valuable property, and a man would not only have takon care not to incur the loss of it, but in case of adversity would always have had in itself the means of satisfying the Government demand upon it. Further, had the assessment been moderate, that circumstance would have powerfully tended to raise the character of the people, for when men begin to possess property, they also acquire self-respect, and the knowledge how to make themselves respected, and will no longer submit to personal indignities. " WVith regard to the necessity of torture forlthe realization of revenue, MIr. Wr. Sloane, Sudder Aineen (a judge empowered to try causes to the extent of 1,000 rupees), of Vizigapatam, stated,- "Parties who have had the fullest means of knowing the truth of what they stated have told me that, without resorting to torture, tchsildars (native collectors) and heads of police would find it impossible either to collect revenue or detect criminals." Mr. 3. I'Kenzie, merchant of Binmlipatama, an important because an unwvilling witness, whose extenuation of torture and contradiction of himself the Torture Commissioners have pointed out, stated,- " Certain Iam that if the ryots come to entertain thebeief that the tehsildar-s (native collectors) dare not andwill notuse any other means to collect the revenue than those authorized by the strict letter of the regulations, the void in the Madras exchequer will be large indeed. I have heard of the experiient being tried in some not distant districts, and the results were such as might have been anticipated. The annual summabundy (rental) reports were far from being satisfactory." Mr. J. J. linching, Acting Sub-collector of Nellore, said, - " I beieve that there is not one native official who does not expect that the new system will be followed by a decrease of 50,000 rupees in this division, and of a lac or a lac end a half (10,000. or 1-5,0001. in the whole district." If all the other collectorates were in the same condition as Nellore, the defalcation of the Madras revenue would be nearly eight per cent., or 350,000/., a suns which in such a case must be considered as extracted by mere force of torture. Having shown that torture and high assessment were inseparable, he w-ould take another example from the report and prove the converse. He would show how light assessment w;as mark;ed by the absence of torture. In the town of Madras, where there was a fixed and moderate rent, and not an annual assessment, and where the police and revenue departments were separate, and where there existed the supervision of an active inteLligent European population torture was unknown ; but of the twenty other collectorates tlere were only two out of the whole in whlich there was an absence of torture, namely, Canara and Malabar. In these two districts the assessment was low, and the proprietors were not a numerous class of peaceable peasant-, hut a few sturdy landow.ners, who had inhabited those districts immemo-lally, and who would not submnit to be overtaxed. " Both in Canara and Malabar," say the Commissioners, "the land-tax is generally liglit, the people are flourishing, the assessments easily and even chee-fnully paid; the struggle more often being, who shall he allowed thar who shall be made to pay the Government dues." (This-was evidently in order to establish a title to the land.) " Land has acquired a saleable value, and allotments of waste are eagerly contended for. Who," continuetlie Commissioners, " can be surprised, then, athcaring one and all the European dwellers in those favoured spots declare that there torture for revenue purlposes is comparatively unknown ?" He would not now advert to the tax moturpha, but would speak of the ryotwairy,which was, if possible, as absurd and impolitic as the moturpha itself. He had several times attempted to awaken the attention of their lordships to a sense of the suifferings of the Madras people, with respect to this very tax. The noble lord here read a definition of the term " ryotwarry," in Wilson's Indian Glossary, and said he inferred that this ryotwarry was an attempt to enter into a direct and annual settlement with every proprietor, but the fact being that the surveyors, assessors, and collectors of it were all. natives, and the higher class receiving only a salar- of 701. orlO01., andtle lower only asalaryof 121., they could not live on such pittances, and of course eked out a livelihood by the very power which this tax gave them. The Government had not furnished him with the returns for which lie had moved, and he must, therefore, make use of the documents to which he had access. An -able article which appeared the other day in 27ie Times fLxed the number of proprietors in Madras at 5,000,000, and the number of European servants who undertook to survey and assess that number of farnis was 70.. This was a proof that the people of Madras were left to the mercy of a legion of underpaid, undlsciplined revenue officers, armed with all the powers of the police, and exercishig tlose powers without supervision. Mr. Walter Elliot, in his evidence upon this subject, at page 8.3 of the report, said,- "The number of ryots paying an assessment of less than 10 rupees (20a-.) per annum is 030,704. For the five northern Circars the a^verage number of pauper ryots is 30,000 for each, or 150,000 for the whole. The population of the Cit-cars is 4,284,130. If proportions in the other15 provinlebs h7e thes,ame the number for the wholetpresidency How had this number of paupers been created ? Were they a deamnosa lcaircdites, left us by the Mahomedans ? No; they had been created by the cruelty and fiscal rapacity of a Government more barbarous than that of the Mahomedana-by the Governinent of the East India Comp.any. An accoumt of the marner in which a pauper proprietary had been created w:as given byLieutenant H L. Grove, employed in the Godavery WGorkis: "From my constant residence among the natives I can assert, that without using force a considerable portion of the revenue never could be collected, and the same dilfficulty will exist so long as men, who are wretchedly poor, and utterly unfit for antiytbing but coolee (day labourer's) rwork, are pennitted cither voluntarily, or by force, to become cultivators. In every village there are some bits of -waste or bad land which the wealthier ryots will not cultivate, but as the Circai's (Government) annual demand must somehow or other be paid, the names of some of the poorest inhabitants (and even sometimes -without their knowledge) are put down for these bad bits. In vain do the unhappy creatures declare that they know nothing about cultivation; that they have no implements, cattle, or plough, or that they were ruined last year by the loss of their crops. They are told that the Citcar's, money must be raised, and they are proniised tuckavee (advances) to purchase what tlieyrequire. If the man is still-unwilliag to take the land the vidage authorities bring him to the notice of the amildar, rho orders 1im to his cutdurry, where. by threats amid force, both mornl and phy sical, he is induced to cultivate." ,This sy§tem, by which a man was forced to labour upon the publiec works without reward, -was substantially nothing but predial slavery . He would- bow slhow the great imipolicy and cruelty of tfli tuckavee ,(advances) system, from tlle evidence of a native, towhich great importance was attached by the omimissionrrs. This- geptleman, A. Nullsa Moothoo P llay, Juit-rent Apldar (collector) oftbeMadras;Co1lecto-. rate, said :- "Whenever the a-yote uwmated tucicauvw (advavces) for buying ceattI, orm any ,wy tohelp themselyes in cultivation, the half'of the amount,which, they appliddforwhoid 'ap- prqprfatedramong the alTook (Gqernmpgntr) serrvants,- and- sliddthe,o,ther nal g ,vepo-the a yts,3)vhiappledfoe ew,hole,, bnt\hwnthentey demandflly,the radvanc4,irkt They;the` Circar ,serrants) se the ,,ost cruel torture afrjds those t lhdt re&5tid,o;thesslatieA tgota ytlmd amcninrli$$heyiaad iecdieildal i,A n ,pe ' ?;9 . ?- i -n-c-)t . -,Another casisi6.qtheievahilwhtithrho 'hbdpinte&bdutbwasas ½he.union lo;the,v,fdanstionsro?lP£pice- offieg r- an4' yevbnue c Yie n;przon,,- 1 ; 1w792 P-Lpd-9q.n^gwpiif.coWplBly, separated jthe achdhistr-'fios of -revenue from thab:t1f poljo;: in Bigich and ini 1302 his regulations wei-in&sdiic, ie Mmidffs: In' 161? 'huac?er, they wererescinded,,..aUu tme (fdices of judge, magistrate, and collector were centred in one person. Several able protests were made against this inhu-man measure, from one of which he would read a sl2ort extract. Mr. Fullerton, a mernber of the Madras Council, in a minute dated January 1,181S, said.:- " It is not, I conclude, intended to make police or the administration of the criminal law subservient to the collection of revenue, to vest in the collector such a degred of overwvhelmiing authority as will enable him to dictate the terms of cultivation, to infringg on the personalLiberty and the free exercise of tho labour of the ryots, and extract> by an organized system of compulsion, a revenue beyond-the natural result of voluntary engagement."' It appeared that the Fast lndia Company did intend by this step to dictate the terms of cultivation, to iifringe on the personalliberty and f-ee exerciseof the labour of the ryot, andto do all that Mr. Fullerton deprecated. Two years after this protest, in January, 1818, the revenue board issued a minute contrasting Lord Cornwallis's, or, as thSy called therm, " the new regulations," with the ryotvarry. They said:- I " The new regulations required revenue to be subordinate to justice while the ryotwar system has rendered justice entirely subordinate to revenue." He held our East Indian Government responsible for the evils he had detailed, because with all the evidence befoke them which had been collected as to the cruel working of the present law, they had recommended that it should be earned into effect in Loower Bengal, where, as he had every reason tobelieve, the practiceof tortureeven now existed. The remedies for these evils were obvious. The assessments must be reduced, and they must be made annuall,; insteid of entering into arrangements with each individuai collector, they must fix the amount of rent or land-tax for a long period, and whenever an augmentation took place it mist be one of a certain amount, not exceeding 5 or 10 per ceilt. The necessity of having a large amoiunt of European fuisctionaries might be admitted, although its practicability might be denied. There were 1,000 civil servants in India to a population of between 100,000,006 and 150,000,030, being one European to every 100,000 or 150,000. The thing was absurd, but the evil would not be remedied so lonz as they maintained the principle affirmed by the act of 1853, and so long as the covenanted servants of the Conipany received ten times as much as the servants of the wealthiest country of the wvorld, whilein the presidency of Madras there were 700,000 paupers. He had to ask their lordships' indulgence for having detained them so long. (Cheers.) He had discharged a painful duty, but the responsibility rested with their lordships. They might be pained at the fiendish malignity of the native servants; they might be ashamed of the disgraceful apathy, to call it no less, of the civil servants, but he did not know in what terms to sprak of that joint-stock company to which Parliament and the Government of this country had given the administration of the greatest possessionof the British Crown. On their loydships would rest the responsibility, and they owed it to God and their country to blot out the evil and apply the remedy. (Cheers.) The noble carl concluded bv movuig- " That by a report lately laid on thc table it is proved to the entire conviction of the House that torture, or the indfliction of pain for the purpose of confession or extortion, has long been practised, and still continues to be practised, by the native officers of Government in the realization of the public revenues and the administration of criminal law, to a greater or less extent, throughout all the 20 provinces constituting the Government of Madras ; " That the aforesaid torture, although clandestine and unauthorized, has been for many years known and admitted by the constituited authorities at home and in India, as shown by the pUb'lic records- "That this House viewvs tle aforesaid practice of torture affecting so many silhions of Her Majesty's subjects,whether as an instrument for the realization of the public revenues or the administration of criminal law, or for any other purpose Wlsatsoever, as repugnant to natural justice, abhorrent to humanity, and highly disgraceful to the character of this nation; " That this House hereby pledges itself to pursue tlse speediest and most effectual measures withini its power for the annihilation of the odious and barbarous practice of torture within the abovementioned Governmsent and presidency of Madras." The Duke of ARGYLL could assure the noble earl that the Government conculred in every word he had said with regard to the practice of torture and the duty of the Government to put an end to it. But the esistence of torture in India had been quoted in Europe as a proof of complicity on the part of the Government. He was not sure, indeed, that the practice of torture had not been quoted as having been Sanctioned by the Government, and it therefore became the first duty of the Government to say that they viewed with abhorrence and detestation the resort to such practices, which were as nmch opposed to the interest as they were to the honour and character of the country. (Cheers.) He was far from saying that the House ought not to come to some expression of its opinion on the subject, but but whatever resolution their lordships might agree to ought to state the facts as completely as possible, and ought not to convey an impression of complicity or silence on the part of the Government, which would convey an erroneous impression to foreign countries or to the people of this country. (Hear.) It was hardly three years since com. mittees of both Houses of Parliament had sat to inquire into the renewal of the East India Company's charter. For many months Parliament was engaged in investigating every possible charge that could be brought against the admninistration of the East India Company. Many of the witnesses examined before the committees had no friendly feeling towards the East India. Company, and wished to malke organic changes in the Indian Goverument. He had the honour, with some of their lordships nowpresent, tobeamem. ber of one of those committees, and thouglst hespoke forthem as well as himself wlsen he said that during the whole of that investigation thsey did not hear one whisper of the existence of torture in Lndia (hear, hear), nor was the practice brought under their notice by any w-itness whatever. Many members thought that the inquiry into the administration of the East India Company ought to have been prolonged, and that sufficient time had not been given for the exhaustion of thse subject. (Hear, hear.) It was true that the time allowed for the inquiry was not sufficient for the due investig,ation of all the topics of interest and importance that presented themselves, but if it had been a notorious fact that the Government of the East India Company connived at tIme existence of torture inthat country it would have been on e of the first and most obvious weapons of attack used in the debate. (Hear.) It certainly proved that there was great ignorance on this subject when it app eared that not one word as to the existence of torture in India was mentioned during the whole of this discussion. Their lordships would remember how the discovery originated. In July, 1854, upon the occasion of a motion relative to India, a member of the other House of Parliament stated that torture wvas practised in the Presidency of Madras. Sir C. Wood stated that, although lie could not deny the accusation, as he had never heard of it before, yet that a strict inquiry should be made. A despatch on the subject was sent out to India by the first mail, and on the 9th of September, shortly after that report arrived, a commission of independant gentlemen was appointed to inquire into the whole subject. They executed their duties so rapidly, tiat by the following April their report was concluded, and a mass of evidence was brought under the notice of the Government of Madras. Therefore, within ten months from the time when the charge was first made in tIe House of Commons the whmole subject had bean sifted and the evidence sent home. (Hear, hear.) These facts did not imply any reluctance on the part of the Government of India to inquire into thiscubject with a view of applying a remedy. (Hear.) The resolutions of the noble earl did not allude to the fact dwelt upon by the Commission of Investigation, that the practice of torture did not originateunder the present Goverlsment and was not due to them. The commissioners mentioned it as an historical fact that, under the Governusents iminediately preceding our own, tortiure was a recognized method of obtaining both revenue and confessions. It ought, therefore, to be stated in any resolution which was to go over the whole world, that this practice had not arisen under British rule, but had been inherited from the great empires that preceded us. In page 34 of their report the commissioners give some singular statements of the habits of the people contrasted under the despotism of former Indian rulers. To show how difficult it was for such practices to be eradicated they say- "It seems to be the universal opinion among the natives themselves that, in criminal cases, the practice is not only necessary but right. It excites no abhorrence, no astonishmeat, no repugnance in their minds. We have instances of torture being freely practised in every relation of domestic life. Servants are thus treated by their masters and fellow-servants; clhildren by their parents and schoolmasters, for the most trifling offences .... . It seems a 'time-honoured' institution, and we cannot be astonished if the practice. is still widely prevalent among the ignorant uneducated class of native public servants. . . . Ilere is not a native public servant, from the highest to the lowest, who does not well k-now that these practices are held in abhorrence by his European superiors." But, liowever the practice of torture had oiginated, and however long it had been continued, could it be said that the British Government bad connived at its continuance ? In page 35 of the report the commissioners said- " IWe see no reason to doubt that the native officials from the highest to the lowest, are well aware of the disposition of their European superiors. - . . We have seen nothing to impress us withi the belief that the people at large enter- tain an idea that their mal-treatment is countenanced or tolerated by the European officers of Gove nunent. The abstinence of the native officials from such practices in or near statious where Europeans, be they civilians, surgeons, commissariat, or other officers, reside, and the prevalence of tortu re increasing in Proportion as the talook appears less exposed to European scrutiny . . . . and the whole cry o f the people which has come up before us is to save t hem from the cruelties of their fellow -natives-not from the effects of ulkindness or indifference on the part of the European officers of Governm ent." These passages supportedhis argmunent. an d he quoted them, not from the appendices, but from the report of the cons- missioners, whiich set forth the general impression left by the whole evidence upon the minds of honourablo and independent men. (Hear, hear.) Considering that it was clearly proved the practice was laTgely prevalent over the -whole of India, the ignorance of its existence mnight seem extraordinarY. The commissioners, however, said :- "There my circumstances in the peculiar condition of this c 6nntry which may well account for htheprevalence ofoven a systeenatic and general practice of personal violence, used for the purpose of extortion amogg the native populaton,uwthoout the general run fo Europeans being Reference was made to the great Size of the districts, and the commissioners went on to say : "-The certainty thbt no native would knowingly venture to have recourse to any such practice in the presence of an u ro ean sets at rest -any surprisetthe very few case s in which any of our ccountrymen have personally witnessei tme Again , the conmmissieneryearlsren em:- * *"Few of the civzt.ea,giee9rs-few: of the misonaries can testify from personal knowledge to the existence of torture; and, what is a-more imnportant matter of consideration, few I of the medical men attached to siDah stations have any experience of the practice. When-it is remembered that-they have charge of the gaols, that it is their duty personallj to inspect the prisoners; and that by being at the head of public dispensaries thev must necessarily become acquainted with great numbers of the poor, suffering from bodily ailmnents, it cannot but excite surprise to find almost every one of them declaring that neither do their records show, nor does their owYn experience furnish them w ith, cases of complaints of personal violence." IVhen they found such to be the experience of medical officers, they need not be surprised at the amiount of ignorance prevailing among the higher officers of the Government, and the members of the Government at home. At another point in their report, with regard to the duties of the European officers, the commissioners said- ' It may here possibly suggest itself to those unacquainted with the duties of the European officials in the provinces, that they are obnoxious to blame for not personally imvestigating all the complaints which find their way before them; and that were they so to do, a great check would necessarilybe offered to the repetition of similar causes of complaint. Bat they who would thus argue know but little of tlle nature and extent of the duties wvhich any European officer in a district has to discharge, and are ignorantef, or forget, both the immense size of our collectorates, and the smnall number of Europeans employed for the ordinary administration of the affairs of each province." So much with respect to the ignorance of the practice. BEt he must observe, that in this book were to be found many quotations from despatches of, the directors, and from circular orders of criuinal courts and revenue boards, calling the attention of collectors and inagistrates to the existence of torture, and giving the most stringent directions for putting an end to it. Since 1810 or 1812, when the existence of torture was first brought to the notice of the Government, on 10 separate occasions various criminal courts had issued stringent orders to the police and revenue officers to put down the practice. (Hear.) The most important question was this-had any one act of the Government tended to continue the practice? The noble earl who brought the question forward had used strong language in reference to the East fndia Company. But the East India Company was under the Board of Control, and any censure directed against the East India Company was, in fact, directed against all the various Governments which had had control over that body, and, of course, might have put an end to the practice of torture if it had come to their knowledge. With reference to the junction of the police and revenuleduties in the hands of one body, which had unquestionably perpetuated the practice of torture, there was a passage in the report of the commissioners, in which he cordially concurred. He would read itto their lordslips, because he thought it important to call their attention, not merely to the sentences which weere exculpatory, but to those which were incriminatory of the Government. The commissioners said:- " Thus it will be perceived that the collection of the land revenue was entrusted to the very class who had from time inmmeimorial been accustomed to practise the most cruel and violent tortures upon the persons of the unfortunate prisoners in their custody, accused or suspected of crime, and that with the full cooniance and even approval of their fellow-countrymen at large. Nowv, it certainly does not scem to be drawving an overstrained inference to argue that the peons accustomed to elicit confessions in criminal matters through the instrumentality of torture would not be slow to have recourse to the same or similar apphances for the extortion of dues in revenue matters; especially as the psactice was of long standing also in this department of the State administration under native rule, and no innovation or surprise upon the habits and customs of their fellow-countrymen. We do not mean to say that there may not have been an equal, or possibly even a greater, amount of personal violence in the collection of revenue prevsoustol8ld thansubsequent to that epoch; but, while the diminution is traceable to other causes, the concentration of all police and revenue duties in the sanie hands appears to us necessarily to have destroyed that check whibh would have resulted had these powers been committed to two distinct bodies." The noble earl had alluded to the protest of Mr. ?ullarton against the combination of duties, but, during the discussions upon India two or three years ago, the noble earl spoke of Sir Thomas Monro as nearer the calibre and character of the late Duke of Wellington than any other mnan. Now, Sir T. Monro was opposed to Mr. Flbllarton, and in favour of the measure which had tended to the continuance of torture in India. It was hardly fair, then, to charge the Company with the intention to continue the practice of torture, and to get revenue at any cost, by making that charge, when the change was supported by such a man as Sir Thomas Monro. (Hear.) He would direct their lordships' attention to what was now being done, and what was proposed to be done, to eradicate this abominable system from the preaidency of Madras. By reference to the last few pages of this Torture Report, it would be found that Lord Harris, the Governor of Madras, concurred in the suggestions of the commissioners. Lord Harris wvrote thus.- " I concur generally with the views of the consmissioners with respect to the remedies which should be adopted for rendering the general administration of the Government more effective, and at the same time equitable and beneficial to the people. Some of the measures mentioned, more especially those respecting the police and maagistracy. have been under my consideration for some time, and I should have already moved ou these subjects on which discretionary power has already been given to this Govermnent by the hon. court in its despatch Nro. 8, dated August 23, 1854, but for the delay which has occurred of more than six months in procuring information on the police force of Bombay. The evidence brought forward in these papers strengthens the views which Ihad already airived at on these subjects, and there is a very remarkable confirmation of the advisability of the separation of the revenue and police in the absence of charges against the poliee of Madras. I hope this Government may soon be able to embody a comprehensive and valuable change in the unsatisfactory systeml now in force. At the sametime, thewwhole subjectrequires serious consideration, and must, with the greatest desire of improvement on the part of the Government, take considerable time in its completion. On one point to which attention is drawn by the commissioners I think an immediate change muight be beneficially made-that as regards the state of the law on this subject; and I wouldfpropose that the Advocate-Gencral and Govermnent Pleader should be called on, in concert, to propose such alterations as would be likely to renmedy the evils mentioned." He read that extract to showthatthe Government of Mladras had resolved upon immediate action, and was in favour of almost every sulggestion made by the commissioners, although he saw difficulties in the way of carrying them into effect, especialy in the employment of a greater number of European officers. It seemed to be nmiversally admitted that it was difficult to increase the number of Europeans in that Presidency at the present moment, and it was the more to be regretted, because without that increase it was impossible to mak;e speedy way in the abolition of the system, w;hich w;as clearly proved to prevail in proportion to the distance from the stations of the European officers. With regard to the separation of the revenue and police departments he could not but express an earnest hope that such a measure would be found practicable. He cordially concurred in the opinion expressed by the noble earl, that it was most inconvenient and dangerous that the annual assessment of land-itself a most objectionable practiceshould be conducted by a set of men whose habits were such as had been described, and he trusted that some means would be discovered to effect a severance between those two great services. At the sanie time he was boiud to remind the House that the commissioners had themselves adinitted that there were serious difficulties in the way of so desirable a measure of reform. They commended and desired it, but avowed that the question was beset witn embarrassments. A despatch from the Presidency of Madras, received as recently as that morning, showed that the local government were anxious to abolish the annual and to substitute a fixed assessment of land-a measure which would go far to supersede the necessity for employing those native servants w hose interference had been productive of such unfortunate results. In fact, the whole question was engaging the serious attention of the Government botei in England and Madras. With respect to the resolutions now before the HIouse, they did not hold out any hope of a practical remedy, nor, indeed, was it to he expected that they should; for, short of some greait organic change in the administration of India, there was no measutre that he was aware of which their lordships could originate for the correction of the evil. (Rear, hear.) If, however, the noble earl was resolved to press the resolutions to a division, he (the Duke of Argyvl) would take leave to propose certain verbal alterations in the first and second, the effect of which would be to place the subject rather more fully and fairly before the country. ' Thus amended, the resolution would read as follows:- ' That by a report lately laid on the table it is proved to the entire conviction of the House that tosture, or the infliction of pain for the purpose of confession or extortion, bas lonig been practised in India, and that, though derived from former Governments, and steadily increasing both in severity and extent under British rule, it still continues to be practised by the native officers of Government in the realization of the public revenues and the administration of criminal law, to a greater or less extent, throughout all the 20 provinces constituting the Government of Madras; that the aforesaid torture, although clandestine and illegal, has becn for many years known to exist, and has-been re- peatedly dencatced and condemned by the constituted authorities at home and in India, as shown by the public records." For the third and fourth resolutions of the noble earl he should propose to substitute the following:- " That this House observes, nevertheless, vith great regret and disapprobation the very inadequate punishments which have been frequently inflicted upon the perpetrators of these atrocious crimes. " That the House relies upon the zealous and continued exertions of all persons in authority in this country and in India to extirpate a practice disgraceful to the character of our Government and calculated to render it odious to the people of India." (Hiear.) He trusted that their lordships wvould be of opinion with hrim that these resolutions would mneet the exigeuciesof the case and adequately vindicate the honour of the Gevenlmnent. (Cheers.)- The Marquis of CLA1NRICARDE commended the tone in which the question had been treated by the noble duke, but, while villing to believe with him that the Home Government was without cornplicity in these dreadful pracfices, and that no Britishl-1inister, of wlhatever- politics, was cognizant of them, or, if cognizant,; would view them with other sentiments than thlosa of horror, he coild not so casily acquit the East India Company. It was incidentally, during a debate in the House of Commons on the tenure of .and in Madras, that an hon. member stated that torture was resorted to in India, and it was worthy of observation that the assertion was met with a distinct denial on the part of cei-tain meanbers in tAle Li.wer House who were snowinto beinntimnately.eonimedtedm.vith that Conpaaiy. (gear.) The East India Company did know that to'ture ras infiicted for police purposesu, nd wifulhyidiauisediand con: pAed it. This was proved W the fact that!be tweamitbe ear 1 and 1'e yea,r 1$2 tere .had bemi issde1. circular orders upon the subject, al of which were, quoted in the minute of Lord 'Harris. Knowing that torture was practised by the police, why did not the East India Comn pany put it down? and if their powers wvere not sufficient for the purosei why did they not ask Parliament, to increase them!7 That information upon the subject might have been attained with extraordinary facility was proved by the fact that the minute of Lord Harris directing attention to the matter was only issued on the 9th of September, and that on the 18th of that month f-ptain Frederick Nelson, an officer in the East India Company's service, who was in the report relied upon as he principal and' best witness-being an eyewitness-was prepared to give ample information as to the practice of torture. That officer being stationed at a place called Bongo, not very far from Madras, a man came to him and complained that he had been tortured for rent. In inquiring into this matter Captain Nelson called for two other persons. These persons were not forthcoming, and, riding in search of them, the gallant officer found four men being tortured in a court dose to the bazaar, and within sight of all the persons who passed through it. That the East India Company did not know of such practices reflected upon them as much disgrace as to have known of them and to have permitted them to continue. (Hear.) If this torture went on without their knowledge, what other horrors mright not be being perpetrated in India, of wvhich we were as yet perfectly ignorant? (Hear, hear.) WVhensuch matters as these were brought to light, showing the dreadful character of the Indian administration, it was a subject for serious consideration whether there should not be a change in the government of that empire. Had it not been for the double government, there would have been a responsibility which no Minister could have avoided; these practices must have been brought to light, and could not have continued up to the present time. The noble dukze (of Argyll) had said, that mon,ey considerations had had nothing to do with the connivance at these practices; hut such was not an accurate statement of the case. But for considerations of expense the police officers would be of a superior character, and would not resort to torture as a means of extorting confessions; therefore, this was a question of money, and nothg else. He trusted the Government would take al steps in their power to put an end to these revolting practices. The Earl of ELI1ENBOROUGOT-I rejoice that this subject has been brought under your lordships' attention by the noble earl, and I rejoice also that there is every prospect that we shall not be called on to divide on this motion, for I think it would be highly undesirable that'there should be even the appearance of the slightest difference of opinion among us with respect to this enormity, and with respect to the duty of the Government to take every measure in their power forits extirpation. (Hear.) In the course of my public life I have been connected with the government of Indiain this country about 23- years and in India 24 years-in aU five years, and in the whole of that time I never had the slightest suspicion that the practice of torture existed in any part of India. If at any time before I had read that blue-book which lies on your lordships? table I had heard that such a charge had been made against the Indian Government, I should have repudiated it with no little indignation. ButI must say that, inasmuch as it is now certain that this practice has constantly existed to a greater or a lesser degree-delivered to us from our predecessors, the Hahomedan rulers of the country, and continued under our own Government (hear, hear) for half a century-for'we have had possession of these provinces for more than 50 years-it is to me a matter of the greatest surprise and regret that there should have been that silence on the part of those persons who roust have been cognizant of it Thear, hear), and that it should never have been brought prominently under the notice of any one entrusted with the Government of the country. It must have been known among those who carry on the Government in subordinate positions, but those who are at the head of the Government have never become acquaited with it. I do not go with the noble earl to the length of attributing connivance in this practice to any member of the civil service in dia (hear, hear); but I must say that I do not think the officers of that service have shown that sensitiveness upon the subject of the existence of so dreadful a crime which night haveheen expecteifrom the feelings of English gentlemen. I think it most extraordinary, too, that, with the exiception of a very few cases, the punishment infficted for this offence should have been so extraordinarily inadequate. (IHear, hear.) And not only that, hut also that in so very mnany instances the magistrate should have held the case not to be proved, and in so very many others that he should have consented to that which seems to me to be totally inconsistent with our ideas of the administration of criminal justice-a compromise between the person tortured and the man who had tortufred him. I look upon this circumstance with more than regret (hear, hear), and I do hope that the Government at home and the Government in India will ake the gentlemen who exercise authority under them in India thoroughly understand that the administration of British India is hereafter to be conducted in a very different spirit from that in which it appears to have been conducted according to the papers upon your lordships' table. I rejoice that the noble duke las stated it to be his opinion, and, as I understood, that of Her Ma3jesty's Government, that it was absolutely essential to separate the direction of the police from the administration of the revenue. I have always been of opinion that the police and the revenue should be in different hands, but the noble duke will find, and the Government here will find, more practical difficulty in carryn that separation into effect than they expect, and unless the greatest resolution is shown by the authorities here, you may depend upon it failure will ensue. This was a subject on which I and my council did not agree. I never could get them to adopt the view which I always entertained as to the necessity of separating the police from the revenue department. But if you only separate the two departments you will do but little. The proposition which I then made, and to which I did not obtain their assenta proposition which I think absolutely necessary for the good government of India-was that the police should have a military character. Wherever I bad the opportunity, as I had in the north-westezn provinces, I did everything in my power to carry that measure into effect. In Scinde I had a tabzsda reas, and I immediately wrote to my gallant friend Sir C. Napier with my sanction to establish there a system of police which should serve as the model of the police all over India. In that country the police is altogether military ' it is armed, drilled, and paid like soldiers, and it approaches to the military character more nearly, I apprehend, even than the police of Ireland. The country is divided into districts, each under the charge of a lieutenant who corresponds regularly vith his captain, and, by an admirable regulation of 'Sir C. N apicr, not only are special reports made of every noteworthy occurrence either mn the police or revenue departments, but a weekly report is also sent in of al ocecurrences which are in any degree important in either department. No wrong, therefore, can be done without a combination of two hostle authorities-of two authorites certainly jealous of each other-constituted in a totally different mauner and under different heads. The result has been not only the absence of cruelty, but the most perfect good govermment, the protection of the inhabitants, and the prevention of crime. In other parts of India the police are entirely useless for the preservation of order. If there is a disturbance they run away, as was shown in the Santal insurrection. They are powerful for the persecution of the people, and useless for their protection. I am perfectly confident that there is no other method of securing the due administration of police duties but by separating the police from the revenue service. It is absolutely necessary that the pay of the Euro pean officers should be such as to induce, not only young, hut old, respectable, and experienced officers to take commands in this force. It is also necessary that the pay of the police should be increased in order to inlduce respectable classes of mento enter into it; and, more.than this, it is most desirable that there should be in the police so many different grades well paid, so as to make it worth the while of persons expecting soon to rise to non-commissioned situations in the regular forces of the a-niy to transfer their services to the police. I say this, because it was impossible for me in passing through different parts of India not toperceive the difference of character betwreen persons belonging to the army and persons having only a private character. There is nothing so humiliating as to observe the servile solaaema of thepersojas-who crowsd the courts of the civil officers. There isnothing on the other hand more graceful and digniied than the appearance of the native soldier when he salutes his officer. In all easesyou will find that the only true mode of really improving the moral character of the people of India; is to draw the native officers, exercising authority over them, through the army, by which they wvere ennobled, and becamne a diferent class. There was one feint forced on our observation by the papers on the table, which, though strongly noticed by the conunissioners, is net noticed by the Court of Directors-namely, the connexion between the persons who direct the police and who compose it,withthe persons who are about the COUrt of the collector, and who maybe called his head-quarter stafii There is nothing more alarming in the state of India than the connesion between the persons inthe police, andthepersonswho were generally understood to have the ear of the collector. (Hear, hear.) It leads to the keeping back of complaints, which ought to be made, and to the defeat of justice when comlaints are made. I feel this matter most strongly, and froi the first time I became acquainted w%ith the affairs of lndia I have always entertained the greatest apprehensions that many of the evils with which India is afflicted were derived from the circumstance of the European officer being much more than he ought to be in the hands of the native officers by whom is surrounded. (Hear, hear.) The more the European officer is young or inexperienced, the more, of course, he falls under the control of these native officers. One circumstance, which is considered most calculated to improve the condition of the peoplenamely, tho extension of education, is, from the manner in wlhich it operates, calculated more than anything else to increase the evil; for it is too commonly found that the persons receiving instruction are the sons and relaions of persons already in office, forming consequentlv, a low official aristocracy, calculated to hold permanent possession of offie, and making themselves useful to the European by the very knowledge of his language. I think it would be desirable to direct the European officer to pass six months in every year under canvass, net to wait until the natives come to him for justice, but to go about and visit every part of his district, and make himself- on every occasion accessible to the people. (Bear, hear.) It would then be impossible for such things as we are now lamenting to take place wvithout his knowledge.. The best thing to-improve the Madras territory would be to pass an act with one short clanse giving the Governor the power of leaving the Presidency, of going into the interior 'With all the powers of -Governor and council, andDof seeing things with his own eyes. There is one point otwhich I entertain a different opinion from many persons. It is considesed that the great cause of all the evil now u6dir notice is over assessment, especmallyin the case of thelan&revenue :in -the 3fzdrs territory. Novr, I have lookeda 'is papsrson the table, and I confessilhaithe result en. *ay_m2nd is that tihe territory of Madras -is .ex4remely ill asseisel - In the.course of 27 'years the jpopulati!n of' Ma'drad his in.s creased b1 vWf,4QOQpecmons, . 4 am xA e;bv tion, on the contrary, has been reduced by 732,00013 rauf. speal-ing now only of the ancient territory of hira. As the increase of population is indicative of -the increase of prosperity, and also of the increase of'Trnd under cultivation, I cannot but think that the territbu is not generally excessively, but rather ill, assessed. Some of the details on this subjects are remnarkable, there be' ian some districts a great increase of population, aud in obenre scarcely any; and it is deserving notice that in one dista'ict, where there has been a diminution of ponulation, there;ga been an increase of taxtion. The noblXe earl here read 4the following account of the popuaLtion and taxation of di'feaent Population. Revena' 1823. 1850. 1823. 1 Grajam ... 332,015 926,930 ... 144,1 142 li3 XT. Arcot ... 892,292 1,4S5,973 ... 234,571 215,02t S. Arcot .. 455,020 1006005 -221,727 269r64-~ Tinnivelley .. v564,957 L269,216 ... 255,29, 247,3L Masulipatam ......... 52-9,849 520,866 ... 149,528 152,269 Salem . 1,075,985 1,195,377 ... 229,091 lS54,S3, In the report I find the following statement made by a native - "1 haveheard from nanv that thousands of ryots of the lilasulipatain district haveleft their houses and lands waste, and wandered to the N'izam's territories, in consequence oE torture." This is the native prince whose dominions have been recommcnded over and over again for immediate aunexation in order that the people of his country might have what is caUed the benefits of our rule. (Hear, hear.) The fact5 which I have stated make it necessary that there should be on the pait of the Government the most searching inquiry into the whole of the revenue system of tlse iadras territory, for somew}.re or other there is a great eviL 1 do not believe that the -whole sum, coUected is extnvagaut The dinuiinution of revenue, as well as several of the details of Piadras Government of which we now complain, is to be attributed in a great degree to the ryotwarry settlement, a settlement sanctioned by the authority of Sir Thomnas MItunro, the very greatest man, take him for all in all, who. ever entered the service of the East India Company. I always apprehended, withi respect to the ryotwarry settle. ment, that which has taken place; I always thought that estabHshed as it was by the genius, industry, knowledge, and benevolence of one great man, it would fail -when it fell into inferior hands. The only fallacy of -hich Sir Thomnas Munro is to be accused is, that he vainly supposed other men were as great as himself. His industry Imowlede and benevolence not having been possessed by others, t e -whole systemhasfallentopieces, anditsfundanientalrevision is absolutely necessary for the welfare of the people. Mahy of us, my lords, are apt to look upon the people of Indi,i as low and degraded, and I cannot refrain from affording you thesatisfaction of hearing the opinion expressed by Sir T. Munro, vith regard to that people forty-three years ago. I wvas then a youngman. I had just enteredthe House of Commons, and I well recollectthe effect produced bythe words I am now going to read. Sir T. unro. had been asked, probably by one of those persons who are of opinion that trade wil effect evervthing, what would be its effect upon the civilization of the Hindoos. Re said:- "'With regard to civilization, I do not exactly understand what is meant by the civilization of the Hindoos; in the higher branches of science, in the knowledge of the theoiy and practice of good government, and inan education wbich, by banishing prejudice and superstition, opens the mind to receive instruction of every kind from every quarter, they are much inferior to Europeans; hbut if a good system of agriculture, unrivalled manufacturing skill, a capacity to. produce whatever can contribute to convenience or luxury, schools established in every village for teaching reading writing, and arithmetic, the general practice of hospitalityand charity among each other, and, above all, a treatment. of the female sex foll of confidence, respect, and delicacy, are among the signs w hich denote a civilized pzeople, then. ~the 31indoos are not inferior to the nations of Europe, and. if civiization is to become an article of trade between the two countries, I am convinced that this contry wil gai by the import cargo." (Cheers.) This v as the opinion of Sir Thomas Munro, and I hope that the effect of our legislation during the last half century has been at least to leave the people of whom he spoke in such terms as good as we found them. (Hear, hear.) There is an observation in a very valuable paper vwritten by a Hindoo, contained in the reporton your lordshies' table, to which I also think it right to direct your notice. That Hindoo, refer;ingto the pro,ress of education among the people of India, cautions the Goverrment that, although when in a state of comparative ignorance they w ere prepared to submit to almost any suffering that could be~ incted uponthem on account of their ignorance, it is altogethercinconsistent with the knowledge and enlighten menttheynowpossessthatthey should continue to bear 'without resistance (hear, hear); in calm, serious, and respectful terms be informs the Government that, having ,travelled through all parts of the country, he has witnessed a change in the feelings of the people towards them, and he warns. them that only by adopting a different system, and by making our rule really beneficial to the people, can we hoper to maintain our anomalous Governmnent, and to fulfill thatr which is, I trust, our destiny-to remain for ever the lords of India. (Cheers.) lord MO2NTREAGE said that if the facts which had been proved before the commissioners had been kept from the knowledge of the noble earl during the whole period of his connexion with the Government of India, such a convenient suppression of information could have been maintained only by means of a system of organized duplicity. (Hear, hear.) He denied that the members of their lordships' committee were responsible for not having obtained information upon the subject. They never entered into the question of finance-they were deprived of the means of inquiry by the unexampled course pursued by the Govermmeat in precpitating the course of legisLation. (IHear, hear.) He thought that the facts stated by the noble earl wVho h'ad just spokeu led to conclusions different from those at which the noble earl had arrived. The noble duke had implied that these practices were confined to the presidency of 3Iadras. Bnt if from the year 1806 such atrocities had taken place aud had been concealed from the knowledge of the Government, it -was probable that in other parts of India similar mischief was prevalent, and that the Government knew nothing about it. Mir. Walter Elliot, one of the civil servants of the East India Company, after stating thehorrorsperpetrated inthe Iadras Presndency, said " It is not to be supposed that abuse of authority by public officers is confined to Southern India. It is the rule of admiinistration in all native States, and as these have fallen under British authority the system, though discountenanced, has not been eradicated. I can state, from my own knowledge of the precisely similar revenue aud police management in palts of Bombay in which I have served or have visited, that similar practices must and do prevail; and the relation of the atrocities perpetrated by the tannadari polce, and the far more degraded and destitute condition of the peasantry in the permanently settled districts, leave no room to doubt that the same excesses are to be found in an even greater degree in Bengal." He reliedamuch more strongly uwon discussions like these than upon any laws that might he made, or any instructions that might be sent out to the Crown lawyers in India, to prepare bills against these practices. The law was already strong against these abuses. But debates lke the present would reach India, and would be read by those who controlled the administration of justice there, and would direct the attention of persoass in high station to the subject. (Hear.) He relied upon the opinion of fr. Elliot to disabuse the supposition, if it had entered tbeir lordships' minds, that these abuses wore confined to the Presidergy of 2.fadras. He regretted that it had bcen put forwvard as a matter of apology by the noble duke for these practicescrueland abominable asthcywere,degradingto human nature -to those who inflicted them, and to their victims-that we bad inherited them from barbarous times. (Hear.) They might as well embrace Mahomedanism upon the samo ground. Let the Government take the terstory and the wealth of India, but let them not claim an inheritance of crimne, which they would do if they extenuated their misdeeds by pointing out the misdeeds of their predecessors. It was our duty to recommend Christianity to the people of India, but it was not by applying instruments of torture to the breast of a womanl that w e should recommend the gospel of Christ to them. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that the bluebook on this subject would be circulated, read, and underStood throughout the length and breadth of the land. E k;new that the measures of improvement reconimended by the kdnd heart and courageous energy of Lord W. Bentinck would never have been accomplished but for the aid of the public spirit of the people of England. If they now acquiesced in these enormities they would desert their duty, cast aside their glorious precedents, and would become responsible for these misdeeds. (Hear, hear.) The Earl of HA1VROWBY did not think their lordships ought to separate with the impression that the Government had been guilty of countenancing in any way these misdeeds, or were responsible forthem. It was surelysomething that they did not introduce these practices, nor was it to be wondered at that they could not at once extirpate evils so deeply rooted in the habits of the people. It was said that the officers of the Indian Government had not spoken of these practices in the indignant tone which they ought to have used, but, some palliation might be found for them in recollecting the effect of a constant familiarity with the habits and modes of thought ofthe different classes of society. But these discussions in Parlianientwonld reverberate among the Englislh officials in India, and would retemper their ninds if they had become lowered by what passed around them. Abuses like these were not to be extirpated by act of Parliament or by philanthropic declamation. It was most difficult to get rid of oppression when you had to do with a people who. would not complain. In the northern districts and in Scinde, where an independent spirit prevailed,- it was possible to protect the people, but where their spirit was ow.ed, and where they looked upon acts of oppression as a natural consequence of rule it was difficultto repress evils of thiskind. What was itthatpreventedtheexistence of abuses in this country? Because an Englishman resented an evil and brought it to public notice. But the abject submission of a, portion of the population was one of the difficulties in tha way of good government in India, and they had. to deal ewo would often rather submit to any cvil r a few mils to obtain redress. (Hear, hear.) The Government had also to act over a vast surface of copulation, and to operate by means of inferior. ageiitls He thought these discussions would produce good effects, by removing the impression conveyed to foreign countries, that these atrocities were, by Englishmen, treated vith indifference. Hehadseena most unfair use madeof theso charges. He had seen it stated in a book defending the! King of 2Nnples that worse things were done under.the ruleof the English Government, because that Government was_ Protestant. He hoped the discussion would have the effect. of correcting such a gross misstatement, if it had been for a. moment entertained. (Hear, hear.) He had' alwaysthought the combination of the police and revenue depart-. ments a mistake, but it was supported at the time by SirThomas funro, who was most friendly to the natives. It vas impossible to pledge the Government further, but their -lordships knew lord Haris was now engaged in a close -vinvestigation-of-the practice of torture ith a view to applying the most efficient remedies. (ear, hear.) - --ord CONGLETOP said, neither the Indian mind nor thDEnghisrh miind would be satisfied ith less th it 90lgm-
HOUSE OF COMIONS, -MoNray, Mppr 14. She SPFtUxR took the chair at 4 o'clock. NEW 3EMBER. Mr. TOT^AAur took the oaths and his seat for New Boss. Petitions against the grant to Mayncoth Colege were presented by Sir A. AxEnN', fruon the minister, elders -and congregation of the Free (hiureb of Eirkmaiden, county otf Vigtown; by Mr. Mtemzss}, from the Free Church session of Girthon, of (;atehouse, and from the Free Churchl session of Borgue, all in the stewartry of Kirkcudbright; by Mr. DU:aLOP, fromii the congregations of the Free Church .'idulturch, Greenock, and -of the Free Churches of Cumbrae and Fairlie, Ayrshire; by Mr. U. G. LASNGTor, from the Bristol Protestant Aliance; by Mr. AsX.?ucrDPc HASrI E, from the minister, elders, and members of Original &eceders, M-ain-street, .G.asgo; from minister, clders, and (deacons of Knox's Free Chu;rch; and from. members and adherents of Gillespie C bhurch, Glasgowv; by Sir H. DAVIs, fromi DIunbar; by Mr. B3AXTE, from the Independent coeigrregation of Nairn and y-the Free Church congregation of Tezdiijg, Forfarshire; by IMr. BLACKBunRN, front the Free Chrurch of Kilsyde, and from the inhabitants of Campsie aud Killearn; by Mr. G. DrxL1cA , from the minister, elders, and congregation of the Free Churcb Chapleshade, Dtwdtx ; hy Mr. A. MLATHiESos, froma the several Free Churclh corngregations of Inver*ness; and by Mr. XLINASED, fremn the Baptist congregation -of Pert-h; and fromi the inlhabitants of Aucihterarder and Tenantry, Perthshire. Petitions against the abolition of church-rates without an -equivalent were presented by Lord AV. GssAscu,froan -Granthan ; by Mr.WOODD, from Boroughbridge ; and by the 31arquts of BLANDFORD, from the iincumlbent, church-wvardens, and other inhabitants of Phmustead, complaining -of the neglect of Government in providing for the rural velfare of the parish. Petitions were presented by Mr. BELL, from Brompton, lient, and from the Baptist congregation at New Swindon, in favour of the abolition of church-rates ; also from the Baptist congregation at New Swindon, against any State interference in education ;by Mr. BROTIERTON, from the mierchants, manufacturers, &c., of S;lford, for the amendment of the joint Stock Comiipanies Bill, providing that the windin"-un of all insolvent companies may be placed in the hands oftfie Court of Bankruptcy; also one from the inhabitants of Jersey, against the Compulsory Vaccination BiU; bv Mr C. LExa, from Runeorn, in Cheshire, numerously signed by the merchants and other inhabitants, praying to be heard by counsel before the committee on shipping dues, in favour of the abolition of those dues nows paid by their shipping to the port of Liverpool; by Mr. DtU.NLoP, from the Free Presbytery of Forfar, for the regulation of uinunlicensed broliers ; by Sir E. PERRY, from East Stonehouse, complaining of the law of property as it -affects married women and their separate earnings; by Mr. -EADFIFaD, from the Managing Commulittee of the Metropolitan and Provincial Law Association, prayin" that ,certain additions and aiiendusents be made to the leases and Sales of Settled Estates Bill ; also one from Protestant Dissenters at Reppel-street Chapel, against educational grants; by Sir J. ANDERSON, from the magistrates and Town-Council of Dunfermline, praying for an alteration in the present system of regristration of voters, in Scotland; by Colonel TyN-TE, a petition from the congregation of the Independent Chapel Bridgewater, against opening the British Museum and Crystal Palace on Sundays; also one te the same effect from the teachers of the Sunday School con.nected with the Independent Chapel, Bridgewater; by 3Tfr CoIanER, from inhabitants of Antony, in Cornwall, -praying for the abolition of the ecclesiastical courts and the transference of their jurisdiction to common law tribunals; by 3Mr. ScveoIEFiELD, from the Birminghaum Law Society, 3against a clause in the Justices Qualifications Bill, which -forbids the appointment of attornieys as Justices of rthe Peace; (4) from Birminghams, in favour of the Mledical Bill; and (1) from Birmingham, against the M1edical Bill; by Mr. BoND, fromthe postmlaster, clerks, and lettercarriers in Armagh borough, to ie placed on the some footing with regard to pensions as other Government cmnployis* by Mr. slrlc.oGoN, fromthe attorneys and solicitors of Blackburn _gainst a provision affeeting them in the Justices of Peace Qualification Bill, and fromn the East Lancashire Railway -Company, against the Rail-way and Canal Traffic Bill; by 3r.L. DL. -is, from the parish of Llangeitho, and from the board of guardians of the Union of Lanpeter, both in the county of Cardigan, against the removal of St. David's College from Lempeter to Brecon; by Mr. Tsio-NiELY, from the Board of Guardians of Wolverhamptoms, against the new Vaccination Bill; by 3Mr. OlNVATr, fnom the Independent Dissenters in Cambridge, against -rants for religious purposes in Ireland; by Lord C. Ek=\LTOI, from the inhabitants, the first, second, and third congregations, and tho spirit dealers of Cookstowvn the minister and congregation of Castle Caulfield and Clonnaneesse, and from the Presbytery of the county of Tyrone, praying for a measure to prevent the sale of spirits on the Lord's-day; and (1) from Aughnacloy, against opening the BritishAluseum on Sunday. THE SIEGE OF liARS. BEr. HITESIDE said, it might be convenient to hon. members that he hould state that the following were the -terms of the motion which he intended to submit to the House on the 2-4th inst., relative to the fal of Kars:- "That, while this Hfouse feels it to be its duty to express its admiration of the gallantry of the Turkish soldiery, and of the devotion of the British officers at the siege of Kiars, it feels it to be equally a duty to express its convictioin, that the capitulation of that fortress and the surIender of the army which defended it, thereby endangering the safety of the Asiatic provinces of Turkey, 'were in a great measure owing to the wvant of foresight and energy on the part of Her Majesty's Administration." ACCIDENTS ON RAILWAYS. Mr. H. BROWN asked the Vice-President of the Board of Trade whether he intended bringing in a bill for the better regulation of railway and canal traffle; and whether he intended bringing in any bill for the better prevention of accidents on railways, by a more defined responsibility of railway officials? Mr. LOWVE replied that it was not his intention to bring forward measures on either of the subjects to which the hon. gentleman referred. SUPPLLY OF H.AY-IN THE CRIMEA. In reply to Mr. W. WILLOIAS, Mr. PEEL said that no complaints had been received of -the bad quality or damaged state of hay sent to the Crimea. ST. JAMES'S PARK Lord FAYTNAM begged to ask the Chief Comnissioner of Public Works, in the absence of the Houie Secretary, -wvetlher, pending any alterations in St. James's Park, the privilege and great convenience of passing Through the park in cabs would be conceded to the public ? Sir B. HALL regretted that his riglt hon. friend the Seeretary of State for the Home Department (Sir G. Grey) -was too unwell to attend the House that evening ; but he hop)edthat, if the HIouse shouhl go into Commi4ittee of Supply on Friday, the right honl. baronet w (ould he enabled to explain to the House the intentions of 1Her Majesty's Governnent with reference to the alterations to be mnade in St. James's Park. THE AMEIRICAN QUESTIONS. Mr. BAILLIE.-I wish to put to the noble lordat the head of Her Majesty's Government a quiestion of which I liave given him notice, and upon his answer will depend the course I shall take this evening w itls respect to the motion which I have placed upon the paper. I wish to ask 'whether the noble lordc.an give any assurance to the House that within a reasonable and definite period he vill lay upon the table the papers relating to recruiting in the United States of America, as, if he is able to give suich an assurance, I shall not be willing this evening to interfere with the progress of supply 9 Lord PALMERSTON.-The documents -which must naturally form the groundwork of the reply of Her Majesty's Governmenit to the last communication from the Government of the United States wvere onily received a short tune ago, and they contain a good deal of detail. My noble 'friend Lord Clarendon, as is well known, is now at Paris, engaged in negotiations of a very important character, which occupy a great portion of his attention every day. My noble friend's powvem-sof work arc however, very reiiarkable, and, although absent from this counitry, he is transacting the business of the Foreign-office Nvith only that delay which is necessarily incident to the distance between Paris and the Foreign-office. The answer to be made to the United States' Government necessarlly requires very careful preparation-that, on the one hand, it may contain nothing which can at aU envenom the diseussion that unfortunately has already gqne too far ; w,hile, on the other hand, nothing may be omitted essential to the case of the British Government. The absence of my noble friend, the necessity of communication w.ith him, andi the smaal portion of timne lie has been enabled to bestow upon a matter which requires a great deal of consideration, have been the causes -which have hitherto prevented the conipletion of the anszwer of the British Government. That answer is in preparation, and we are in communication with my noble f2iend upon the subject. I u-ill not undertalke to say that in the course of this week the answer can be so entirely agreed upon as to be communicated to Mr. Dallas. My noble friend may probably retturn to this country at the end -of this week, and I think I anay venture to say that at an -early period of next week wve shall be in a position to su'cmit to the House the whole of the correspondence. (Hear, hear.) Sir B. LYTTON observed that he had given notice of ? motion with reference to the disputes between Her Majesty's Government and the Governnient of the 'United States respecting the affairs of Central America. He coald not bring forward that question until certain papers for which he had asked, and which he was told would be laid upon the table in ;, few days, Lad been produced. He wvished ts know if tie noble lord could state when those-papers wonld be in the possession of hon. members ? Iord PALMERSTON reegretted that the papers to which the hon. barolnet referred had not yet been presented to the House. Those papers were in print; they were now in course of revision; and he hoped that in a very few dayscertainly in the course of the week-they would be laid upon the ruble. Mr. B 1IILIE said, that after the statement of the noble lord lie thought it his duty to postpone the motion of which he liad given notice. (Hear.) Sir D. L. EVANS observed, that he would propose the I amenduients he had placed upon the paper when the hon. gentleman (Mr. Baillie) brought forward his motion. THE iNATIONAL GALILERY. In reply to M£r. V sxoyr, The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER 'stated, that a bill for the purpose of enabling the Government or tha trustees *f the National Gallery to purchase collections of pictures was in a forward state of prenaration, and would, he hoped, be laid before the House at an early period. SUPPLY. The House then went into Committee of Supply, Mr. Fnzsaov in the chair. A vote of 4,050 towards defraying the charges of the establisllnneit at Bermuda was agreed to. On the vote of 7,3971. for the ecclesiastical establishment in the British North American provinces, 'Mr. W. WILLIAMS said, that Canada was in so prosperous a condition and so able to maintain its own ecclesiastical establishments, that he thought this vote ought to be withdrawmn. 'I'he people of England should not be called upon to Pay 1,0!901. to the bishop of the rich and flourishing city of Qtiebec, and 3001. to the rector of Montreal. He objected also to the payment of 2,7621. to the foreign missionaries of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel Some years ago the House was informed that the Roman Catholic bishop of Newfoundland was to receive 1001. per annum. Ie observed that functionary was down in the vote for 5001. Seeing that a large po-tion of the lands given up by the Crown had been exclusively applied to the payment of the clergy, he thought that no more demands should be made upon the British Parliament, and moved that the vote be disallowed. Mr. LABOU1CHERE,said, that the answer wich he had to make to the hon. gentleman was tUe same as that which had been given every session for several years past. The truths vas, that the various items in the vote were the remains of a systen which had been abolislhed. -No new payments were now made by Great Britain w,ith regard to the ecclesiastical establishment in Canada; but, inasmuch as there were individual clergymen wvho- had accepted offices in Canada on the faith of this vote, they could not with justice be deprived of their salaries, which, however, would cease at theirdeath. Mr. WILLIAMS said, that the clergy ought to have been provided for in the civil list, wwhich was arranged when the Government of Canada was vested in the Colonial Legislature. Mr. LABOUCHERE said, that it would be adding insult to injury to throw the individuals snentioned in this vote upon the Colonial Assembly, which had resolved not to vote money for the clergy of any particular denomination. Sir J. PAKINGTON also defended the vote, which the House was bound in honour to pass. The vote was then agreed to. On the vote of 4,7131. for the Indian Department, Canada, Mr. WILLIAMS called attention to the large sum2,2551.-paid in salaries, and expressed a wish to know who the parties were to whom those salaries -were givens iHe noticed the sum of 7S. charged-nunderthehead of gunpowder, and asked for an explanation of the item of 7501 for office hire, fuiel, stationery, postages, and miscellaneous. He als6 complained of the large sum-upwvards of 2,0001.-expended in presents to the Indians. Mr. LABOUCHERE said, that thevote had been reduced by nearly one-half since last year, and that the nature of the presents to the Indians had been altogether changed. With regard to the salaries, it must be remembered that the duties of the officers of the Indian department were by no means confined to distributing presents, but that many of the Indian tribes had very considerable landed and funded property, which required to be carefully managed. The vote was agreed to. On the vote of 24,7281. for the salaries of the Governors of the West Indies and certain other colonies, Mr. WILLIAMS moved to reduce it by 5,3001., bein3,5001. naid to the Governor of Jamaica, and 1,800?. to the Governor of Western Australia. He contended that these colonies should pay their own governors; and he saw no reason why the Governor of Jamaica should receive 6,0001. or 7,0001. a-year when the State of New York only paid it' governor 8001. a-year. Mr. LABOUCHERE said, that the Governor of Jamaica received 3,5001. from Imperial resources, and 1,500?. a-year from colonial resources. The Government had carefully considered this subject, and they had come to the conclusion that so long as Sir IL Barkly's tenure of office continued it would not be desirable to make any alteration in the remuneration given. Sir H. BarlMdy had admininistered the government of that important colony with msuch ability and success under circamstances of great difficulky, and had introduced financial reforms which were of undoubted value. This being so, he thought that it would be-ungenerous and' unpolitic to reduce Sir H[. Barkly's salary. With regard to Vestern Australia, it must be borne in mind that that was the only colony which still received transported convicts from this country, and the mlaintenance of good government there was, therefore, a mnatter of Imnperial concern. Mr. W. WILLIAMS considered that the estimates for the year were the most extravagant which he liad seen since lie had liad the honour of a seat in that house, and he felt so strongly that the people of this country ought not to be taxed to pay those salaries that he should take the sense of the committee on the subject. Mr.NLABOUCHERE vished to point out that the colonial estimates for this year were less than those of last year by 1,0001: In1850 thecolouial-estimates amounted to about 212,0001., while this year they were only 104,0001. Lord J. RUSSELL said, that the salary to the Governor of Jamaica had been only a part ofageneral system. There had been for many years great difficulty in carrying on the government of that colony, mid it would be extremely unwsise to disturb the arrangement which had been made. Sir H. Barkly had done everything that man could do, and he trusted thatsthe committee would not agree to the motion of the hon. gentleman. Mr. HANlKEY expressed a hope that the hon. gentIeman would not go to a division. Sir J. PAKINGTON rose to take the opportunity of referring to an omission in the estimates. If there was one thing which should always. be maintained, that was the good faith of that House. He thought that the noble lord the member for Lonzdon would not contradict him when he stated that the Bishop of NKew Zealand had accepted that office upon a bond fide understanding that he should receive a salary of 6001. a-year as long as he lived, or until he should be otherw ise provided for. Twvo years ago that grant had been struck out from the estimates, and he was then told that the matter would be referred to the colonists, but they had done nothing in the matter. The good faith of that House and the credit and character of the church of England required that the Bishop of New Zealand. should not be left without that inconie, and he wished to know if the attention of the Government had been directed to the subject ? MIr. WN'IGRAiII strongly supported the claim of Bishop Selvyn to his salary. Mr. HADFIELD understood that Dr. Selwyn was doing a great deal of good to the colony of New Zealand; but Dissenters also were sending forth ministers to the colonies, and he did not see why the House should vote sums for affording to _NYew Zealand the luxury of having a bishop. (A laugh.) Mr. MOWBRAY observed that in 1841 a gentleman distinguished in the church of England accepted the appointment of Bishop of New Zealand at the moderate income of 600?. a-year. He discharged his duties to the satisfaction of every denomination of Christiaus in that colony. A distinct assurance was given that the allowance should be continued until the colony of l; ew Zealand should itself make provision for it. But what was the treatment the bishop received ? On the 30th of Jrune, 1854, he learnt that his salary had ceased on the 31st of Marchj 1S53. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUEPR was somewhat reluctant to take any part in the present discussion, because he thought it was not a convenient practice to raise questions of thl nature when the House was considering the ordinary votes for the year. At the same time, he should be sorry that it should be supposed.he entertained the least disrespect towards the Bishop of New Zealand, in acknowledgment of whose great exertions he was most readyto concur. HIe was quite prepared to aeLnowledge that Bishop Selwyn had conferred great benefits on that colony, and that his whole conduct had been productive of the greatest good. But, with regard to thesalary of the Bishop of New Zealand, he was bound to say that the course tat-en by the Government had not been suddenly taken. He believed that Bishop Selh-yn the last time he was in this country was apprised that the Governmient could not undertake to ask for a continual renewal of a vote on account of his salary, and that it would require especial and stringent circumstances for Government to coine again to Parliament to demand any such vote. He must say, though it might he with great regret, that, looking at the whole of the cirennstances, such a case of good faith had not been made out as to entitle the colony of NTew Zealand to claim a continuance of this grant to the bishop of that colony. He had no fear of the interests of the church sufferingfrom the stoppage of this vote; and, indeed, there was reason to believe that the voluntary contributions of her members would suffice to maintain another bishop in that colony when the second see was constituted. Lord J. MANNERS feared that justice was not to be obtained for the Bishop of Now Zealand. It was however agreeable to the friends of that distinguished prelate to listen to theuniform encomiums that had been passed upon him in that discussion. Still the question before the committee was one of simple, abstract justice, and quite independent of the merits of the individual it affected. The bishop had nothing whatever to do with the bringing forward of his claims in that house, and indeed he wished that the matter should not again be mentioned there; but that was no reason wvhy that committee should not insist upon faith being kept in this instance, or why tardy justice should not be done to. one of the most eminent and successful pioneers of the Gospel in foreign parts. The Government had originally proposed to the bishop that he should go out to this distant colony, offering himn a very moderate, if not illiberal salary to support him in his mlission;- and yet behind his back they had taken his scanty allov.ance awrayfromhim. If the withdraw al of the salary was a deliberate act on the part of the Government, all that could be said was, the grater the bame resting on those who were responsible for it. Lord J. RUSSELL could not regard this as being suct a breach of faith as the last xpeaker had alleged. There was Mt a perfect analogy between the case of the Bishop of New' Zealand and that of the Canadia1 clergy. -When tfi;sbishopi was first appointed he (Lord..' Russell) conununicatad to him the ophldon uf the- Government -that a-- s3lary of 601. should bd awarded him, without, howv6ver, answering for. the v-ieNv which the House of. Commons might takie of-the matter. The vote vas, subsequently allowFed year after ear until the right hon. baronet (Sir J. Pakidgton) became Celonial Secretary, and gave a distinct pledge to the -Hoese that these items shorld not reappear in tme eftimates. If -the right hon. baronet had -wished- to maintain the salary he ought not to have entered into such a distinct pledg. The loss of this uns was rnuch to be -regretted ; but it. was far easier to strike a bishop offthe estimiates than to restore hin to them. (A laugh.) Sir J. PA1CLNGTON explained that when he was at ihe Colonial-office the assurance he gave to the Rouse referred simply to the expenses of the civil government of Naw Zealand, and not in any way to the salary of the bishop. He had then stated his expectation that the civil -governnient, the cost of which had been previously undergoing gradual reduction, would no longer require further votes to be made by Parliament; but it had certainly never crossed his mind, by any expression thathe used, to become a party to the withdrawal of a grant whichhe then and still believed it to be binding on the committee in good faith to continue. He earnestly hoped that the Government would reconsider their decision. The committee then divided, when the numbers were- For the amendment ... ... ... 3 Against it .. ... ... ... ... 269 31ajority ... .. -26G The announcement of the numbers was received with loud laughter. The vote was then agreed to. On the vote of 24,300!. for stipendiary justices in the West Indian colonies and the Mauritius, - Mr. WILLIAMS said, that he believed this vote to be about as objectionable a one as there could possibly be. Still, if lie divided the committee, he supposed that ho should not conciliate any more support than he had just obtained. We received no advantage from our coimexion with these colonies, anid ho objected to the people of this country being taxed for the payment of stipendiary magistrates in the West Indies. Mr. LABOUIJHERE said, that no new appointments of this description were being made, and that as the existing justices died off their places were not filled up. The vote was then agreed to. So also were the follolving:- 10.2301. for civil establishments on the western coast of Africa; 10,8561. for St. Helena; and 060. for Heligoland. On the vote of 2,9011. for the Falkland Islands, hlr. WARNER inquired what use these islands were to the mother country; and wlhether it was intended to send convicts to them? Mr. LABOUCIIERE said, that they were very useful to this country, being places of great and increasing resort for whalers and other traders in those seas. The Government would not determine upon sending convicts there without very miature consideration. The vote was agreed to. On the vote of 14,5821. for the expenses of the Emigration Board, Mr. SPOONEER expressed his douibts whether it was the poiicy of this country to promote emigration, seeing that the men wsho emigrated were generally persons of energy and activity, amid whom of all others it should be our object to keep at home. A much sounder policy would be to find emnployment for our people at home, and he trusted the Colonial Secretary would do all he could to diminish emigration. Mir. LABOUCHEERE said, it had never been the&policy of this country to stimulate emigration, but to direct and control it. The amount of emigration depdnded upon the circumstances of our home population; but even in the most prosperous years there was a considerable number of persons desirous of goin,g to the colonies, and it was the duty of thme,Government to watch overthem on their passage across the sea, and to protect them ag.ainst those dangers which too frequently attended voluntary emigration. Moreover, it was the business of the commissioners to look after the emigration of coolies to the Mauritius and to the West Indian islands, and, on the whole, he could not recomsmend any great or immediate reduction of the establishment. 3Mr. HUTCHINTS asked whether this suim of 14,5821. was to be a permanent charge on the revenue of this country ? When the board was established it did a great deal of good; yet circumstances had miaterially altered, and, at a thue when labour was scarce, it was wrong that the emigration agents should be allowed to send our best labourers out of the couutry. Mr. LABOUCHERE said, that the charge would bere. duced in proportion as the business done by the commissioners diminished; but the amount of emigration was still very large.- Last year 170,000 persons left our shores for other countlies. There were causes in operation, howvever, which would diniirsh the business of the board, and the expenses would undergo a proportional reduction. Captain SCOBELL inquired whether it was intended to make Bristol an emigration port? At present there was no emigration station between Plymouth and Liverpool. Mr. LABOUCHRE said, he would consider the question. Mr. ADDERLEY admitted the importance of having offlcers at the different emigration stations to see that the preisions of the Passenger Act were carried into effect; but th.at there was no reason why the establishment in Parkstreet should not be reduced, especially since it was chiefly occupied in managing a fund subscribed by the colonies for their own benefit. If tle colonists required labourers from this country, why should they not conduct the emigration at their own expense ? MIr. LABOUCRERE said, that as long as the colonists were Willing to resort to the Emigration Board it would be our duty to continue the establishment, because there were no inconsiderable advantages in having the emigration conducted by gentlemen of the high charseterasid ability of the resent consmnissioners. Besides, thecommissioners renered valuahle assistance. to tho ColoiLd Secretary by examining and reporting upon the colonial acts. Sir S. NORTHCOTE hoped the sight hon. gentleman would not lose sight of the recommnendation of the Treasury Commissioners, that the business of revising the colonial acts should be done in the. Colonial-office, and the number of Emigration Commissioners reduced to two. Mr. WARNER objected to any encouragement beinig given to emigration. Mr. W. WILLIAIS was convinced that the vote might be diminished one-half without dimishing its efficacy, - SirSJ. PAKINGTON pointed out that some years ago the! annual nuoiber of emigranits was 300,000, while last year it had only been 175,000, and under those circumstances ho was not quite satisfied that in future years the vote could not be reduced. Mr. LABOUCHERE apprehended that causes were be- ' ginning to take effect which would reduce the amount of emigration from this country, and no doubt it was the duty of the Government to watch their operation with the view of avoiding all unnecessary expenditure. Mr. BELLEW impressed -upon the Government the necessity of employing the utmost caution in reducing the number of emiiigration officers.. Mr. HIADFIELD said, that every precaution should be taken against accidents, and also against the frauds to which emigrants were exposed. Mr. AL CHAMBEPS thought that the retuirn of peace might again raise the number of emigrants, and great caution should be employed before reducing this vote. The vote was then agreed to. A vote of 12,0001. for the support of captured negroes was agreed to. On the vote of 11,050!. for the expenses of a mixed com mission established for the suppression of the slave trade, - Mr. BIGGS deprecated the hypocrisy of those one-sided philanthropists who sought to put down slavery in one part of the world and promoted it in another. Everybody knew that slavery existed in Turkey under the most vicious circumstances, but that for political reasons the system of the Turks was to be ignored and their vices were not to be mentioned. He was prepared - to show that a system of slavery was going on in Europe, in the dominions of Turkey, more disgusting, degrading, and abominable than anything that ever distinguished the honTors of the middlepassage. It had been said that a representation to the Sultan had been made on this subject, but it did not appear that it had led to any good result. Brigadier-General `Williams had stated that the buying and selling of slaves by the officers in the Tuirkish service was smotorious. This infamous traffic was in a flourishing condition. He considered himself to be a complete master of every book that had been w.ritten' on the subject for the last 30 years and it was his opiion that the civilization of the Tmrks was not shin-deep. The Turk was time same - abominable barbarian that he had ever been, and was as great an enemy to civilization, in spite of all thathad been said by the lying French journals in the 19th century, as when he made an irruption into European civilization in the 14thf century. Any alliance with such a Power was, under any cireinustances, a disgrace to Europe.- The CHAIRAfN called the hon. member to order, and said that the vote under consider-ation, was as to the expenses for the mixed commission ; the argument, therefore, which the hon. gentleman was pursuing was somewhat irregular. Mx. BIGGS begged pardon of the committee for having departed frons the l egular course, and said he would take another opportuniity of expressing his opinion upon the subject. The vote was then agreed to. CONSULAR ESTABLISHM3ENTTS. On the next vote, viz., 167,4981., for our consular establishments, Mr. WISE said that in the year 1850 a committee was appointed to'inquire into our diplomatic and- consular establishments. That tribunal investigated the first branch of their subject, and recommended that the committee should be revived in the following session to enter into the second, viz., our cousular establishments. However, no such inquiry had yet taken place. Now that peace was happily restored the importance of the functions of our consuls was greatly enhanced. Our consuls in the Levant filed positions of a peculiar and special character, requiring on the part of those selected for them the capacity to discharge not merely consular but notarial, judicial, administrative, and even at times diplomatic duties. Extensive powers were conferred on these cficers by act of Parlianment, including a civil and crirminal jurisdiction, and authority to punish by imprisonment and banishment. These consuls ought, there- fore, to be men of high principle and independent character; and if we vwished to increase our influence in the Levant by their agency, it was futll time a commission was appointedl to examine carefully into this part of our consula.r system. It was clear that merchants actually tr3d;ng ought not to hold consular offices; and that all. consular fees aff-ecting the traveUing and shl pping interests should be as far as pomsible abolisb'A, aJd- dit-d a i a n s heing. ew ,"whereyisessary isrlin Cofsuch fdstuatingemolun4rttents. Natir;nl'utities shbuld be discharged'ag the!natiboa1. e±ense. The man w.io sustaine I 'tim double 'haaceer of Is cbn'sul' aud a merchant 'ccupied a (very nnomaloussieisaticp;'shaving.colistantly to'balj4-9 bh, tween his r and his obligations a's a repjCesen.tatlvefof t e Govemment. He brougght no- wholesale chl. rge against our consular body,in the Levaut-many of its men?' bers were inost hoourable and efflcienit, and ho dtid no thlik' they were ade`qatelt'paid or frbp6rlypotumotid4 but, j7ndoubtedly, members cf tne class swere. whollv 'unGft t; 'represeftt the interests if a great- country likeJ England. ,Assiong those vho had moet effectually served the Govern-nient in the late wvar -were Mr.-'Branti adud MiC Calvert, to whbr.i- an I especial tribhte 'of porise was die; . In support, however, of his o0X7 opinion as to-the cbaracter *I fnany- -our consuls, ha lioped,hewould-be ailowed to quota a very eminent authority-he cosresppndeue of TAie' Simes, who,, on the auti of Febrnary;1855, wrote thus:- The Feonch consuls throughont-tb,e contin,ent of Europe are, with few exdeptions, men wl:o have already distiaguished themselves in some bsanch of the public ser-vice, and, being in 'geieral accuitomed 'to- business, know botlh how and wvhen to do what is required of ithem. They 'are 'almost all Frenchnmen, and mauiy of them are mnembers of the Legion of Hononr, and thus, both froma their birth 'and -anteeedents, are devo'ted tothe'interetsi of their country. They avail themselves of the facility which their nationali ,habits afford of mixing with the society of -the place where they.reside, and thus haIVethe means both' of inforinationand action at command whenever the public service mi'ayKdemand them.' Such mnay' be said to be the almost universal characteristics of the French' cohniils. The English' cosls, on the contrary, are of several classes, 'and, although some are in 'all- respects similar to the French, there are others' who, being Englishunen; have reelved their appointmentsthrough interest, who assumeaansair of superiority and ex-; clusiveness, and who do not consider it necessarv to be cor-. versant with'business, but leave: everything to 'be done by: vice-consul3 or other deputies." The next authority which ~he wished to adduce wai that of Lord Carlisle, who, in his Diary in the Greek- lVters, stated that, as compared with foreiga nations,"t he regretted that England, in regard to its consular- proceedings, did not hold the high place she once held, and, which we must all desire to see her do again. The noblo author went on to observe that great responsibility attached to those who had the selection of persons for consular appointments, and expressed a hope that the time had gone by when failure and insolvency in trade would be regarded as proper qualifications for those offices. - Dr. Saudwith, the author or the Siege of Kars, thus spoke' of consuls in the Levant "While we are anxious to reform the Turks-and assuredly no people 'ever needed it more-our first efforts should be directed to setting thlem a good examplo in their own country, and to do this wve must reform our conisular system." e (Mr. WVise) trusted that these opinions would induce the Government to take into their serious consideration the pre-' sent condition of the consila- service. He would not, trouble the House by quoting the observations whiclh had beehn: made upon this subject a few,years ago by a right hon'. gen-. tieman opposite (Mr. Disradli), in a most interestin, speech' ith reference to, our consular establishments. The vote proposed this year' for the mainten'auce of our consular systoem was 167,4081.; but there was a further vote of 18,9574; for sup erannuation allow.ances and cmnpensations, -which made the total amount 186,4551. Since 1S8 there had been a considerableoincre.asein the number of consuls, arising,' he apprehended, from the extension of the trade of this ountry, several consuls assisted' by a number of interpreters,' having been appointed of late in China. He certainly thought that some of the consuls might be altogether dispensed with, and that new consuls should be appointed from time to time as their services might be requiLred at other places.. While this country maintained a very large diplomatic establishment at Constantinople. and in the Levant, costing about 40,000?. a-year, the consular establishment cest - 2,5001., and lie thought the consular expenditure in that quarter of the world might be revived w;ith great advantage.' Our embassy at Mladrid cost 6,0Q00. a-year, and we mnaintained in that city, where there was no conmmerce, a consul, whose duties he could not imagine, at a salary of 2001. a-year. Our embassy at Naples was maintained at a cost of 6,600D. a-year, while we have there a consul with a salary of 5001. a-year. At Lisbon, also, we hada consul and a vice-con3ul the former with a salary of 6)01., and the latter of S3001 The consul, he believed, smoked by day and played at whist by night, and if those were his duties no doubt he enjoved himself. (A laugh.) He had nio complaint to make witli'rejard to the superannuations, except that he thought the scale of allowances was excessively low and that maanyof the conscls received very inadequate amounts. There was, for instance, one gentleman who had served this country as consul in Chili for a period of 1S years, who was 61 years of-age,-and who received as superannuation allowance of 4001. a-year-a peisioit -which he- (Mr, Wise) thought was very insuflicient after so long a period of service. He' must say, however; that he regarded many of the compensation allowances, which amounted to 9,400?., as totally unnecessary.., He' found that Mr. Crow, who lad been consul at Tripoli, xeceived a con ensation allowance of .501. a-year, and 'he (Mr. Wise) dNg not complain of the amount; but of thg' reason assigned for granting the 'componsation-namely, "abolition of office;" for in the very year when the office was nominally abolished another 'gentleman was appointea consul-general, whose salary was nowS800?. a-year; and 'therb' was, in addition, a Nvice-consul with a salary of 300 -a-yeab. In 1852 the office of consuil-gesieral at Venice (as -we. understood) -was abolished, and the gentleman -who had held the office with a salary of 1,2001. a-year, and who was' onlyA43 years of age, received a compensation allowance of 6001. a-year, but in December; 1852, another consul was'-'appointed with a salary of 7001. a-year. How was it that comparativelyyoung men w-ere rembved>fromithesepositions, -eceiving retringn pensions, while new consuls were appointed inmmediately afterwards with considerable sala-' nes? He found that a gentleman who had been consulgeneral 'at Odessa for 36 years, and -who was 63 years of .ge, received a pension of 500?. a-year, and he thonghtthat wasthe only me to be found in the list of compensation allowances in which the pension was justifiable. The regulations with regard 'to compensation allom-. ances pressed with great hardship upon consuls. There was no do'netion whatevei imade for s4perannuations from the salaries of ambassadors, who possessed large incomes, bitt' 5 per cent.' was deducted from the salaries of consuls. If, therefore, a consul served his country for 25 years at a' salary of 500?. a-year, 6951. was taken from him in the shape of deductions, and he then received an annual allowance' of 2-501. He thought that, if they gave these paltry allowanc4s to men who were exiled from their country for 25 years, they 'could not expect to get properly qualified porsois to ser'e the country in such positions. Greatcomplaintswere made of the manner in wYhiclh the patronage connected with: consular appointments was exbrcised. In a work-which had been published by an attache6 to an embassy, the writer stated that he could recall several cases- of consuls in the Levanit'who had beeri bankrupt traders; that wvithout attaching any ungenerous imputation to men who might t' soune time lave been 'in such) a position,' he, thoughtth.t' persons'who hid slot 'been able to coiiduct their own brsine'j satisfactorily oun'ht not to ' he intrusted with the lmanagenient of publicaffairs; and that the' personswho'ought to receive consular appointments were plain sensible men whol had been brought up to business, and not individuals-who had failed in all their other- occupations. He (Mt. Wis., must confess that with regard to the qbestion' of patrona4e he had great faith in the regulations recently issued by Lord Clarendon re$sectink'consular appointment' He should be anxious to d vhether the new consmlv at Warsaw, Odessa, and St.:Petrsburg -would be requird to be able to speak German, Italiasi, or French fluently, to p assess a competent knowledg,eof interhational and-commecial law, and, in short, to'dome'up topth'e2requirements of the examination-paper recently- published. - A better mode could not be adopted to-secure the proper disposal of the patronage of the Foreign-office; but meanwhile he could not help saying that, if hon. members were anxious to ascertain who they were that got the nice appointments of 1,80f., 1, 600., and l,200?. a-year, and who were'put in the inferior places of 5001., 3001., and 200?., they had nothing to do butte look at the list of consuls, and the required inforin'ition would speedily develope itself, 'H e would also sus-e'st to the Government the expediency of adopting one feaaiu!e of the French system, and attaching to aU the large conshlates a number of consul pupils, thus seering a succession bf young men conversant with the duties that ought to be discharged by consuls. The Govenimient bad already cArried out that principle to a certain extent by sends ing out young ien as aidach&s to the consuls' in China; and he was satisfied that great good -wouild result from having a number of pupil-consuls connected with the consulates at Bordeaux, Marseilles, HamibuigLeghorn, Newv York, Odessa, and Smyrna, who would ini a few years be fotud qualified for vice-consulships, and miht. intime be promotedto consulships. He hoped, however, t4at they would not be treated in the same way as these who ha# been induced to enter the diplomatic service-young raen who had been tempted to qnit high positions at the univbrsities and to learn foreign languages, and then compelled to pass a number of years at Constantinople, for exampie, when they ought to have been promoted. In the Yrelch system merit was rewarded. Out of the ll5 French consalb no fewer than 94 wore the decoration of the Legion of Honour-a proof of the estimation in which they 'were held in their own couintry. There were three remaining points ipon -which he wished fof information. From what he had himself seen and heard in the Mediterranean and southl of Europe generally, he believed that the system of fees was universally' condemned as extremely injudicious and undignified. What could be more absurd tha' for the paltry sum of 31,7391.,'' which was the amount of the fees last year, to make our cdni;mercial representatives 'taxgatherers instead of 'whit' they ought to be-the protectors of our rights and interests - The great bulk of the fees were collected at a few ports', among w%hich Constantinople, San Francisco, NewYork, And Alexandria were themost conspicuous, and no inconvenience, but the reverse, could arise froni the abolition of the system, which might be done by an order in Council. He also. oojected to the employment 'of foreigners, of whom there -were at p resent no fewer than 1.59 acting as vice-consils. At Hamburg there was one. with 30SM. a-year; at Bremen another with 1501., and at Scutari a third with 130?. They might be good, worthy men, able and, he hoped, honest, but stil they could not have the interests of this countrj at heart as much as Englishmen'; and, if pupil-consuls 'vere attached to our larges consulates, andfrom time to time premoted to the vice-ceeaslships, there would be no necessity to employ fereigners, and a great improvement would be made upon the present-system. It was likewgise of the highest impertsnce-d this wYas the last point upon which ho -would touch-tat our consubd should not bh in business If a ceusul-merhant failed, discredit was brought upan England, and his official. position was compromised. Ona , instance was known m which information .was fi .en to a French consul because he did not trade,|ada 'Scithiheld from the English consul in the same place bee%usa he was engaged in business. The reason was, that it 'was supposed he desired intelligence for the advancemen7t c6 his ovnD rivate inteiests. Part of the duty of a consul-a-s to witne5s documents. If a merchant in the saut city w.-sted to raise money on his shis or goods, wouldi he not- thi4k it hard to be obliged to expose his private aairs to'thp ponant, amerchant enaged in the same trade? During. the present war the letterbags- had be n sent to the confuls, -who adibs-thowcrOf-kecping-back-the c~ --ofthel v1½ n buines, an ofacquirIng eary And exolusive informiation, such -eTs mnight enaab e them to buy orsell to - advantage. Consul. iu erclhantr -,in-, short,, baeer temptatiomlto adlvanice ihi os 'tiitrsd Cttery expense of theii-brother,tt-de' ndr f-hi coniia dty He had -xectiived i~ bndfle ~of: lettr -rbalparta ofth Continent upoia this subject ;,, but heb woulmd ~no t rouble tha comimittee iVith more than one eae :~--th6 Mermaid Arived at. Pernatlsbuco wvith a cargo of glds adblistth V~alue of npw~srds of 400,MO0.. Mide captain vii'nted- fresh "i etalAles and-. meat-n6thiing more.- -Thtt the consul sent a hueoro board andl the ship-was decla-ed niseaworthy. Ca,pt ean ''Davie den~ied, it,:. apclthe passen3g,ers, w'ho -wera anxio' a tog"et-hoe~, -suppur.ted hemn The consul- told -the 'captain +0o put to sea-a'Vhis -pen], thireatening that, ifleid so; he noi,Ud have-his ~pnie §trueck 'off ~the listof officers quahle4to erv in he arie. ut'as the effect of staying 4at`Ferna-inbuco- would -base-beeni that; the owner's woul lilvO benc ueie ~ny tD tbe- consul a peroentege upon teentire valL'e-of -the cargo. --*iinhpeileentage-would hlAva .ameo sted tothe'Snm.of`l&,0(W.,C~aptain Davie continuLed Ihis vyag. ''ecnea et ttme of. the case- to teB Oar f TrIt,, --and Whn.n te Memi iie-At -Lierpol thooug'isvetigteoe tokplace into all the circmstnces th re~&to wic tbas-Ta Captain D)itie MTr. KINNAIRD thoeqh thtifcshcsbDbeen LrXequired the attention of thei overrnment. Itewve iuitorious, '-whenl -the war brok-e out, hevrreadre- wee- thr' inomeis -which-wec possessed with raspect, to-the- resc!srces.of the -Russian enspi,ro; but- he believed d.ha~& ifi we land, had:as consuls on the coast of the 131ackc~Sea mezn' who- had- beentrained in-habits of, di1oomaqy~ we - shonld[ have obtainedfromuthem most valuableinforn,zitib,n. H6 i- hadberd'that it was the initention of the Government-,to appoint a- com-i minssion to conesidea~ the whole ma-tttr and h: ho'ped that-therumiour was correct.- Mr. LINDSAY concurred vmithtite hon. gantlesnaunwho~ -had jiust sat down -in thinking ti-nit'Lhis- hen-.' friend-tihe smemnber for Stafford liad inade'.`ut~a'case for inquirybio :this subject. Now that we were ,running a- race 'WithAmerica upon the seas, it 'Was mostt im portant; that, We should leave able and,efficient men a uscmeca?rpe sentatives abroad, wivho.should Lsupply, accurate periodical reports as to the commerce of the countries-where theywe~ra stationied. In -2many cases he thought. thatt we-had' notCthse best men, and be believed that on the -whole -they--were'not sufficiently remunerated. Lord PALMERSTOY quite agreed wiffi his- hoat friend the mnember for Stafford as toilse imiportantand inultifarious nature of the duties which consuls - hadl to'I performe. His hon. friend had in a very detailed manner- explained thedifferent points to -which. their attention was' directec% andl the hon, gentleman who hadl spok-en last. had, adlertod'MOrparticularly- to that portiont of -their duties -which cons.iited: inx making periodical reports -of the resourcest statistics,. trade; and other Matters conlnected with the couitries-whsere they were stationed. It having- been his (Lord Pdlinerston's) duty for many ye-ars to see thbose;reports, 3m had the satisfac~tion of thinking that they were generally very - ably dra,wn up, a-nd that they contai~ned a great -deal of- important and-useful information.I (Hear, bear.) These reports- were Invariably sent to the Board of Trade. They were -mot-L lad before the House,- 'because they were rather voluminous-;. hut they were accessible to anybody who -wished for - iii;J formation on the mnatters in.- questi on, and they showed that -the consnls did inform -themselves of matters-poir nestedl with the trade aend resources of the country wherethey were stationed. His hon. -friend seemed to thinluthat inmproper selections bad bean ;made -in the appointment -of consuls. He (Lord Palmerston) could only assure the eom-~ mittee that it had been his anxious endeavour, to appoint fitting persons. (Hear, hear.) The duties of consuls, though very important, and involving a, great mnumber ofdetails, dlid not require any particutlar previous educatibun-or avocation.- A man of good.sense w-as able, with very little application, to discharge the various functions whUi4a ,onsul had to perform. What had pwase that evenin" afforded a -justillustration of the change of opinion Whicg took- place from time- to -time in that house. Formiany years he had been urged to Lappoint commercial men as con-sul; -ut n orer o d tht, it -was necessary either to -aPpoin an insuccessful commercial man, or a commnercial'inan wh,baving aestablishmnent.of his own to mnaintain,would for a moderate sum per-form also the duties of a consuLFVor. his own part. hie was rather inclined to agree .with-the -oiinthat although no doubt on economiical grounds -the - appointment of, mnerchant consuls wvas adva:ntageous, stillthat on the whole it wmould be desirable not to appoint mner-- ,chants to that office. It was plain that when there were - national political functions toLbe exercised a mierchant was not a fit representative of the Government, because he was from his private - ircumastances mnore or lessliable to he visited-with the displeasure of the Govern- - mieat in the territory of -which lie was residing, and .was not, therefore, so free an ag-ent as a person would he: 'who was not engaged in mercantife pursuits. Then, again, there 'was tlh.e objection, that personks engagedl in the same career might - entertain the suspicion thatt the consul mnade - use of Iiis official k-nowledge and inifluence for his own bene- - fit, and he therefore thoughJt that, as a general rule, it was not expedient to emaploy the services of merchant consuls. - At the same time the House miust bear. ~ iek mind that;.- if the-principle-were ;estAblished lthat the services of- mer- <chant consuls should. not,- be employed,. they must be, pr-epared to give increased saberaies. Hle felt boundl to.sy in justice to the: merchant. csonsuls, that- during the tiuithat he was at 'the- Foreiga-office lee never had any reason: tobleethat any mnerchantt. coasu lead abused the indlu- - ence ad authority whiebls-Is. -iiagae i,o had, eiiac6d less zeal in maintainingLth6 rights of his countryme6n than hse consUls not'engaged in,commerce. Writh regard to vice-consuls the hon. gentleman ha&l observed that: there were - a great. numb;er of foreigners occupying that. position, and be appeared-to consider it undesirable thatsuch should be the- case. Now, the rule bad been that in'any port where -there was a British subject whio, in the opinion -of the consul, was adaptedI for the -position, the office, the salary of which v-aried from 1001. to 1501. a-year, should be conferredl upon him,-; buLtin cases where thero was no such British subject it- became the duty of the Govern- ment to consider- whether it would be desirable to find a- British sabject who would leave EnglandI and go to live abroad on so small a salary, Or to employ the services of sonse respectable. foreipaer resident in that port.' Now, the House would see that a salary of from 1001-. to 1501. a-year wa nRot a sufficient-inducement to command 'the services of men whom it was desirable to make vice- consuls. Then, again, in some -ports, as for instance in many of'thnosa in the Levant, the vice-consuls receivedl no salary at all, and' the oualy inducenienti to them to perform the duity were thd privileges and immunities andl a certain amiount of digisity'. which was attached to the position,; but could the, Bouse; expect any respecttable manu to leave - this country and: live abroad uponi those terms? It had been stated thiat theconsuls were not properly distribuited, and the consul at M.iadrid hiad been brought forward as an- instauce. Non- the consul at 21adrid was,, in point of fact, only a consular ,clerk, 'with, a salary. -of -2001. a-year, and he only receivedl thetitle of consul -in order to qualify1him for the exerciseL of certain functi6ins -which..the act requtired should be performed by. -a consul.' Then, again, as' regarded Nap lea and Lishon,.theso -were places w1here there, was a great amount of -British commiierce carried on, 'andl undter those circumistances-it -was especially desirable- that there should be consuls zesidenti at those places. It had been statedl that it would be desirable to revise the-Whole of our consular establishmneit~, and his noble friend, Lord CIa-rendon had laid the fouindlation for such s4- revision, for he had-esta~blished - a.. systemi of ex-amination for appointmaents to the consular office, a system -whic'h -would, he believed, should it come fairly into operation, beyiind dlispute~ secure for the public the -appointment of persons fulIly competent to discharge the duties of the office. His noble friend had also sent a circular to the various consuls, -and more especially-to those, in the levant, requiring- them to answer a certain number-~of -quieStionsL bearing -uponi Ahe subject, with the view, when the answers were xeceiv'ed ancl thereby sufficient information collectea-informatioii -which wouldibe.essetial-toaisls~tlte labours of-a, eompiittee -of nutho4izing him (Lord~-Palmerstol) - during.tle,ne-xt sesson f Prlim'ent to. agree to theaPinet of a 'coasmittee - to inquire into the wiol a-subject. He-thought.that it -would be desirable, to wait for the arritual of that information rather than -to apoit committee imme~liately, and lee lead no doubt tEhat -thb necessary information wAould be collected before Parliament met next year.. With- regard to- the observation that the conugls it-to-ha'V6 furnishedl the cou-ntryI with inform.lvtion as to the resources of Russia, he could only say hA~ there were British Consuls at Taganrog and.Odessa, aLnd they lead given the Gov4~rmnuent very valuable information. Britishi consuls could not be spies,' di and,, as- the Russian Government - before % the war did O1s allow any consuls in the Crimea;janid as consbuls could only report upon,what came before them, in an open and legitimate mianner, the Government did not derive from their consuls much -information. as to thie- resources of- Rurssia -in the Crimea. As to the.subject of retiring pensions to consuls, lie -could only. say that yielding to-the desire o the House he had some time ago diminished the niumber of consulsgeneral, but as those gentlemen could not'be deprived of theirofficenithoat compernationa retiring pension had been allowed them, and, although- at first the cost- to the public would not be diminished, still it was a step towards cconomy and retrenchment.- Mr. WY. WILILAS:called attention to the largenumber of consuls employed in Turkey, and contrastad it with the number engaged in the United Statos, there being no less thali 42 consuls in Turkey, vwh'ose salaries and fees amounted to 21,3701,, while, in the lJnited States, the salaries amounted only i.5,000L. n-year, although the trade to the States conststud the bes. part of our exports. He observed, also, that a new consul had been appointed at Warsaw, with' a salary of 1,@00t. a-year. Mjr. WI.USON said, it was not a newv appointment. a. consul at WarsaTr lead only been suspcnded during tie war. MTr. 1ELLEW wished to ask the noble lord whether the Govermment was aware that an cxpedition. was eitI .ic-despatched, or about to be despatched, by the French <Dovermeat to the island of Tdadagascar; and if so, wh-her the giale lord knew un(der what circumstances that rZIyLedtion vas about to be sent forth? - Lord PALbIERSTON knew that there.were-,omernmours that it was the intention of the French Govetument to send an expedition to Madagascar; but there was no intentioir -either on the part of Eugland, or, he. be]Jieved, on the part of the French Government, to interfere, in ny wvay with the internal affairs of the Queen and Y.s6ple'of Madagascar. IMr. WISE begged to thank the 'noble lord for the staiemeiat which he had maade respecting our consular establishments, which -he was sure wouwid be extremely satisfactory to-the shipping and commer6ial interests of the country. - The vote was then agreed to. Oa the vote of 25,QQQ, for extraordinxr= di sturs.net of He'- njesys 'en1j5e , ud missions abroad_beinu,pro. posed, -r iBrEOWYRR.said,Thereav;u'necolUinnifthi5e5tIlmate .to *. ch he wishedliocau the nn of the committce It vas that which riatea! iatern ftees,Atta6li,:and eqler' ks:-He, iiunot know whctia , eh - - t, -Iof c' idrnt I know} the. v,hole amount o-the salariea wasicludedantbes;n-s statedin' that colanii. He atL,er thought'nt; bhut he took the case 3 it stood o6othe pCpr nauhe found ih tfrtlieAttaches, int,11-pretdrs,4nd .c'ritain s. r4noe thu_sum nva ZiSZ. 7s. - for Astriajno rsumn usaschged ,.Ivhile'.for' Iflrk~y the' aihoausk 'istidLon Acoczul of Jes&smce. '-was not lesM than-3,0MSj I1LiU1d. e n:s conviuced that pratuitow servlce'vasam:j;tiHk, Ti4e1et znode oE inin ~good'servioc wa.s by p4ingr )tour s:Eeant&'-eaL inzi thisr espe6tthe tAtachs connbctd ith the various diDonatIc snisioxQs deser-ed the Attelitio6iiof thei Gioyerunnsnt. -Tie,eitiuiae for sttacjcs at Pri3 - but P,S? , .hikthat''' for,stationea-y was m'0'-"'The Attaches giWht~obe*uie pid, and cre ougght toblio tfaen that they should&bcyoinu neiiwhoj -se'-e by tbefr:k,6v7 ledge- of£pr,Blic andenternttional lao'*'1i quaified t toe s. charge the 6rktiesof tkeir 'oi6Es. 'It freoaently haiwned that Mnist-rs- or- amuasa~d wsere me4 who wecre qjkcn from that or the' other louse of ?arliamient, and -were- i thoroughly veri ne&i 4o6uacy. To- och B012a. t was most. importanfw tliat; teis attarids should be acquai4t>.( iith: tmle treat; on whighzi the Public 14w of Fnzorp iyas founded, -and withd the .textbooks which treated -bf intUr national lawv. l'had oftsen- bQarI,thatLi_ these or otsp English M Ministerzi and :imussadors did' n c ce4v& frons their attach6s tha asistanc- wrhich w es rendered ' t6 the3liniexrsjof otbierl'J ers-by thei ubainates. Considering how luch nnod onrstichds were, li couldnot blaime'. thl i for th5exs It inight; be saic that thise yoig' men*look -for pronotion; bab' the .elect of this'% Jvasr dinunishe V the fac'ttAt prdni-tion- generally dzp6end'd upon intp- w v,ith tLe finister,.- and tht vacai?.'-pasts were sometumes filled, L-men W-ho _ad0 hadro ' vics elx?eries~.^e of diplomnacy lInstead ofdipelnding'pioi6n:thdir hopes' of promotion, we ziht to g ciehse yoOg-4men mc-h sala-Rc as would ena,Ilorthera to 17.ein ucecrtdince'wiih' thei. position withonu t' .bairsssing. themselvs-, 'anad torequire themn in 'ret.ns-. he do their drty. fully.- At .,Pfas there "was a' chapldeh.w sho was- paldi SOO, jwr' annum. -:e :d d not .o;ct to-itis - oCe ia sectarian spirit, b,ut he- thought twirt, as there-wer.e so mman'y.1Euhirexsidents' at P1ii-they igSt 'support l chapilals by their volunta3y couttibutions 1a conclusiln,, the honand learined gentlenan.disraimed iny intenion- Of coatendiiO that sn m3nia o.ubit to be apj'inted to be 'an amb&ass6doror foreign MiisAw-hohada nc gono_thbrolih a certain. training in 'public and lntercatic-sl-law :T eT position heM by the Earl of Clkrendon provfd ;that,it w somethuesacf advantage to appoitato high dipjomzti61i-.-s memb.ers of that or the other Hoet-of ailaiant.:- : Lord'IPA RR.STON said, thaihsibisvote wa-otot for heordinary payment of the Attach6s, hutfor extra expenies of the diplomatic establishments. TSe salaries and retiring: allovza,aces edper30ns cornected w.ts -these ustalishm,eats were defPa&efi out ,of a sum of 1,800,200!. charged upon the consolidated. fund.. The Attaclids mentioned as rerrihg-in Turkey were, he apprehended, some -ho*had-been;sentbuSb to- serve- ia 'lhe capacity of interpraters rather than--of Attaciads. When he was Foreign Minite- he thon.jhit that it would be- very desirable to create az setnofBritish;inter. - preters, wlioishould supersede the d-agaxruas hitherto em- ployed, vho-ware noeproperly British sud-jeots.- Re applied, to the Vlce-Chancellori of the Univer.ity of Oxford and Cambridge, each of whom recommended to h'in a yoi!g. man, selected-ss being most fit for the o2icei vwo was-sent out to- Constantiinople to learn Turkish, and then to act as an interpreter.. (Hear, hear.) Since that time ono or twogentlemen had been added, and he apprehended that those - whoe were refirred to in this vote wero- sering. ina' that, capacity. Thero w,was something. in, w-hat. thehon. and, learned gentleman had said no-to -the inexpediency of the- system of unpaid Attachcs. It: was ala, true:that in. the- diplomatic service promotion- was -Slow, but-this arosefrom the very nature of the servioe..He cquld not, however,.concur with his hon. friend in thinking that a 3Minister ought to be dependent upon his Attachis.for the knowvledge oD 'ublic lvaw and historical facts. (hear, hear) necessaryto enable him to perform his duties;- because tve must assume-that- the Minister had risen to the- poit 'he occupied througinthe lower grades, and therefore, -if-he was not betteritnforined than his subordinates, hc vwould. iat be well fitted forhis office. The Minister ought toinstract the Attach6, and net-the Attach6 the linister. Mr. BOWYERt said, that in nine cases out of 10, persons wrere appointedmaMinisters who had not passed through tho snbor,diiate grades of the diplomatic service; and to- such - persons it woulda be of great advantage to have as Atach6s. youngmen.who. could at a moment's notice furnish them with- any r'eferenes or fact.s which they might require.- Ir. BWIART remihded the hon. and learhed ihemubeethat by a recent arrangement 'nil Attachds for the -futiue, before theirappointmseut: wo'uld be obliged to go through an exami-. -iatiou in.historys langua3ges, and, to a certain .extent, - in. international la . ' '-, Mr.. WVISEasked for an explanation of the. item 1,4W, loss by exchanges on diplomatic allowances. Mr. W2LSO 2tFsaid,.that ambassadors had often very aZ-e disbursements to-make on behalf of the Government,' and in dravi3ig bills-upon this euntry it not unfrequentlybhappened that the exichange waes' aglst -the place vhcre'.ihe hills wtrerdrawcs It'vwas obviously unfair, however, that the los should'fll on the ambassadors, who. were merely reimibrsing.themseh-esrfot payments they had made. 'Up. tothepresentayear, although iosses were allowed for, it had. noth beei usual. to account for tany vains wheich migh[ be made- ih: t0se-e,xhanges, but for ten future the practice vorddbe-to-cred,it all, such gains, in favour of .the-4os-crnmncnt. 2Ir. 4 LInteeS complained of the nuiber ofn our nmissions at the susall German Courts. There were at least fbre thereat- Bavaria, Wurttmbergi Sawouy, Frab forth piiad the r anse-Tof ns which might very well: he. disetens.di vtvth. iMr. OTF.hY' asked for .an explanation .of the item 21. '14s. 4d in theg expenses of the mission .a,t Berlin, for f fetesi and illunmnatink. Did that. sum, represent tn tSpin er.fte and a,nillumination? (f lauh.) fn refe- r-ence to. the- siubject of paid Attachds wvhich had just bean8. discussed, he wo0uld suggest that it wouldl be- for tho pubulic zervice. if an interchange wvere occasionally made betwveen theA^ttache s at foreigumissions an d' the clerks in.th e lFereiguf~ office;~ f. for-instance, a clerk in the Foreign-officetwere sent to. Spain or'2fbples, or any other foreign mission,, for. a .;year or two, and, ice veusd, an Attach6 be 'bhiought home and placed for o.time in the Foreign-office. lorda PALMERSTON said, the practice of. attaching clerks in the Foreign-office to foreign missions for short periods. -as not unusual, and there was no doubt that,nwhea. it could be done without inconvenience or interruption to the business of the .Foreign-office, it would be very-beneficiaL With regard to the question raised by the hon member for Lansheth, if it wvas an error to .send .rcpresentatives to foreign countries it was one tvhich tvas sh ar,ed by the - world at -large; and if it was an error t0send representativexs to. ffese' small German States,. the grouter number of the European Governments were invol-td in it These German States had, more particularly of late, en. of 6onsiderable importance, because they fennedithe elements of the great German body,. and the poilpy, of that body had been matter of great importance, especially dutin&g the last two years. Every one who had at all attended to. the cou&se of thiugs wisaware that a great deal of our interests connected with the war which had recenly talen, place as dependent on the action of these searate Sttes, composing 'part of the great German body, and the conduct of the great States, such as A ustria and PI-usia, had tnus&d very mbuch on the feelings and.pclicy.of these smeller compoanentbodies. The.public interest woouldvery esseatialIy sufferifa communicationl between this ,couutry and, those difftrent States wvere not ogenuized., Mr. EWATiT trusted that, the obsorvations of the p memnber for StaFford would ;not be lost.sight 'of, for litwv. hiiportant to 'keep up sur~h a ,systetn,of. councnioxnasliad been adverted to betwveenthe lForeign-aoflice,atd.themissionls abroad. - Te vote wras then asreed to. On the vote 140,fg-7ll for. sugerannuation . an&d re'.;cid allowances, Mir. VV. r IIItS -sai,d, hn , observed oe.ue jter s.f an astonishing charactar in the ostimate. Onse perion. had beeu receiving a pension for 65 years, and, there~ wrere numerous nsrtafces of, persona mtbo had rltired, from infimity of body. t'oie'tgentlchan (Sir A. Spcarri.) had retircd.froms the !ais,tant-Sei-retaryship of, the Treasnry at ,the,age of 4t yewa,s and, as oro t gentlmana tow. hued the office of Secretary and Con5r-oller-Gaxisal in' thcSatioaal ebt-ontce, he voithed to 1G o- fr hat salary Si-: a. Sp earman received'in,-dditibn ta the 1,00(li. pension?' Mr. WIL,SIM - siid, tsat tde rhl.was thae ie an offiter retired on a :siperaunuttion, and, was aftisrwicds able to return back te.t4e pubin ser-ist, mattookae pfricc nlOt of the same am^eunt of eroluienit ass the one he-resigned, he was entitlred the suchtaitsron of 'rsthringflothn3ne as would miake the sof g of hi>nev. offi=e oo,palto,tho sioolumeats o£ his old f6ire-. MrT. W. LIA MS-said, that in page 2A four presoi were . mciqned i4o -had been .ia,the. ofi.ce of tle. Metr, fofitan fiasildings, and;v. received anor.g thein 2,00W1., as retir.pensizs. !:le wished to know' -hy these pprscns had nrr.t;,een freu<d cploymct in thi nev Metropoi:nan Centr-l Board if Wurks ? Mr--.WI SCi$: said, that it had be,-n found impersible, aftes-- makin every efort, to find eaployment fc' -these fou=n-persons,. anvd, therefor, tLey -mre entited tqi superairgation allowances. TItr. SPOQINEl wanted to low -why they cozz,l not ba ygpointed in, the ne-c bhard ? Mr. IVLSO~N replied that the Government )ad no co-a trol over the ne,w o$fict- Sir F. BDAIL\G ulcerved that an officer lwho had retired after ineiyears'rservice in office wNith a sFrary of WO! received 353!. 'retirin:g ahlaw>v.-ee. Accordi- ^' to-the old urger- annuation Act, 20 ye-irs' service would hse bee n req:itred,or hin before he received half of his lasg on retiremeit. Ho wished some. explalnation on this poin'4, .Mr. VILSON said, that the seale, refezred to by tbo right ion, gentleman applied ouly to ge4tlesnen whit retived from ofeico from iii health or iucapacS&y to con5tinxe touwrform the duties. lnthe case of the -.abolitioi of Ian o!H0c it was the practic- to give tWo-thirds, of the salai-y for retirement. Sir.F. BABRINCT said one of the committees regommended that all officers %vh,, retired in cnsequenco of the abolition of their offices should rueeive the same amount of pension as if they' had ,beell s.Weraumnated. He wished to knomv whether the Treaslluy uiiiute granting these supciannuatiost allowances could oe proillced 1 :lr. WISON saird, there was no objection to Ae produetion of t!, e eorrespmideuce oD the subject btVcenthe Board of Vforks and t.he Treasur-. '- - - - - Lori7A. said, the d-ce iif connselto fhalIrish-offi5ooin tdon hav.inzg benrb"I hsih si, he wished for an explanation. t t,he c va"ge Qf FSQ! .;.ar, bhothe ea,ry 9 f Pt gini4lman for
PABLIAMENTARY NOTICES. HOUSE OF 0 COMMTONS. TUJESDAY. APRIL 15. nOTT(h- OER OTTol%s. hly. Pollard-Urqubart,-To ask whether it is the intention of Government to introduce a new bill to regulate the Loan Fond Societies in IreLand, in conformity vith the recommendation of the committee of last year. Captain Scobell,-To ask whether it is intended that any of Her hfajAeys screw line of battle ships, frigates, or smaller steamers, nowat hat in the Black See, or unemployed in the home ports, shaLl assist in embarking and bringing away fromthe Crimeathe troops, cannon, munitions Or war, and other stoems, being public proPerty. hIr, L. Hing-To ask the hon. and learned member for Suffolk. when heintends tobringinthefollowingbills,ordered to be brought in by him on the 14th or Februaryn:-BiLI to consolidate the Statiite Lawv relating to Offences against the Person, and Bill to consolidate the Slatute Law relatingto Bils of ExcEange and Promisory Notes, ColonelDuane-To ask at what time the Government have deter. mined to disband the foreigntroopsin the Britieh service, whether now in England, in the East, or in aPy foreign country- And, whether such troops, when disbanded, are to receive any advantages of pension or emigration, which whil not be granted to British troops of the line ormi'dtia. 1r. Pfadtield.-To ask the Solitor-General .whether the second reading of the Wills and Administrations Bill wi be moved on Friday er. Haddeld,-To ask the Lord Advocate whether he intends to move t'ne second reading of his two education bills on Friday next, though delivered only on Monday last. Lord Naaa.-To ask whether any rule wi be laid down for the dis. embodying of the reveral regiments of miltia in the order in which they were embodied. 31r. lmrrough -To ask whether the persons now actng as5 Her Majestf6principalee retaries of State have been duly appomtedas such by letters patent, aud whether there would be any objection to lay on the table of the house copies of the letters patent existing and unroe vokedatthepresent time(Aprl, 186) issuedtotPersonsholding having held the offaces of principal Secretaries of State. Ir. Liddell,-To ask wvhat in the cause 0t the great irregularity on the past of theBHome-office in furnishing the reports of the inspectors ofprisons, the report of the state of crimefor the year 180 having only been laid upon the table of the House in April, 1816* and whether steps hav ebeen taken to insure a more regualr production of those reports for the future. ~ ~ ~ ofthw eprt Sir J. Shelley,-To present a petition from the bondholders under the Westmimster Improvements Commission, praying for an inquiry into the affairs of the commission. M1r. Spoouer-That this }ouse do resolve itsedf into a committee for the purpose of considerng the acts for the endowument of the College of haynooth, with a view to the withdrawal of any endowment out of the consolidated fund, de regard being had to vested rights or interests. hlr. Black.-To move asan amendment, theaddition of the folowing words:-"And at the same time to take into consideration the other ParDlamentary grants made to religious denominations in Ireland." Ur. 'Whitesice,-Sclect committee to inqiire into the circumstances of the purchase of the machine and invention forperforat;ng postage labels by the Government from Mlr. Archer, the inventor; and also into the circumstances under which the existing agreements between the Government and the contractors for gmnming and print ing the postage and receipt labels were made. ilr. Brotherton.-Returns respecting factories. Mr. L. King,-Returns of the amount voted for civil contingencies, and of the expenditure, in each year from 1830 to 18i5; Of the number and names of Royal and other commnissions, and amount charged for them in civil contingencies, in each sear from 180 And, of the number and names of commissions not so charged in the like period. Mr. Stafford,-Select committee to inquire into the state of the medical departmaent of the army. 3Ir. BHorsman.-Billto explain and amend the acts relating to lunatic asylums in Ireland. Lord Hotham-Copies or extracts of a despatch from Sir Charl Hotham, inclosing the speech which he delivered at the opening of tbo Legislative Council of Victoria on the 23d of November, 1158, with the answer to it; And. of a despateb from the Acting Governor of Victoria, annonmcing the death of Sir Charles Hotham; and of despatche from tho Secretary of State on the sarne subject. Mr. Stafford,-Transportation Committee.-To move that the committee do consist of 16 members, and that Mr. Milnes be added. I r. Murrough,-Copiesof all engagements, agreements, and treaties , made between the East India Company and the different Rajahs of Tanjore, from theyear 1749 to 1815. and other particulars. Wr. Thompson,-Address for return of the books purehased, with the compensation grant. bythe Universityof Ying'sCouege, Aberdeen, during the years 1841, 14 and 11B3, with the prices aurexej oRDERS OF THE DAY. Draughts on Bankers Bil],-Third reading. Supply,-lteport. Exchequer Bills (X221,182,700 BilUl-Committee.
L ONDON' CORPORATION BILL.-To the Livery.-A COMMON HAiL will be held TO-DAY (Tuesday), at 12 o'dlock. to ta}e into consideration the above-named Bill, in I luhthateer ieryman ofthwill attenzd, tBo°asshist indefending them from the attempted agBresaion.j Comumittee Ecoom, Guildisal. CtIR H. LYTTON9 BIJLWVER, & C.B. will p reside aflt the ANiVEItSlY FESTIVALo! the BRI+iSH ORPHiAN FLUM attheLonon Tver, T-morow Wedesdy).the 16th inst.. at hl-ate5 o'cldock,TickLe.tsT°21. °eadch)( tWo be obtained at the' London Tavern, and at the offices, 12, WfaThrook, fromn ALFRD IIA.CICNZIE, Sec. H ER Most G racions Majesty the OUEEN has been J pleased to express her intention to LAY e PIRST STONE of the WELLN'GTON COLLEGE, founded in honour of the memory of the Great Duke, for the Education of Orphan Sons of Offacers of the Army, on Saturday, the 3d of May next, at 1 o'clock p.m The whole of the troop3 th en camped at Adershot. and Trwo Batteries of Field ArtUery, together with the GrenadierGuards (the late Duki's regiment), wdll be assembled for the occasion, under the command of H.R.H. the Duke of Cambridge; and after the ceremony Her dlajesty will review the tree on the ground. A limited number of seats will be erected for pmerons to view the ceremony, and other accommodation provided for them to witness the Review. Tickets of admission to the seat, at one gusinea each, may be obtained of the Secrets to the College, Geore Chance, Esq.. Treasury Whitehall; orat the oal libraries lr Mitchells, Old Bond-street, and Tr. Sama's, St. James's-street, The railwary arrangements for the conveyance of the public to the alto of the buildiug, about twvo miles from the WMiitary College at Sandliurst, will shortly be announced, FliHIS DAY the BAZAAR ine AI) of the FUNDS I of the J,ONDON FEMALE DORMITORY Vil be held at the Royal Polytechnic, Regent-street, and on the 16th, 17th, and 18th Open, morning, from 12 tiS and evening. from 7 til 10. The usual admittanca fee of 1s, tothe Polytechnic will give admission to the Bazaar. The Ldieos Committee of MSanagement for the proposed Bazar respectfuy solicit the co-operation of sU benevolent persons to aid theml in their endeavours to liberate the above Institution from debt, and to enable its managers to extend their operations. There will be a good collection of paintings, dravings, iancyvrori, and childrens clotbing, kc. Since the establishment of the London Female Dormitory, in 1850, up to December, 1825, 711 destitute and falen females have been admitted to partake of the benefite of this Christian Home, and either provided with situations, restored to their friends, or assisted to eusigato. Contributions in aid of the funds of this Institution should be addressed to the Hon. Superintendent, or Mr. Thomas, 6, Seymour-place, New-road, St. Panmran; or the Bankers,. Messrs. Bosanquet and Co., 73, Lombard-street. A stall willbe devoted to the sale of work done by the inmates of the Cripples' Home, Hil-street, Dorset-squae THE ENGLISH OPERA COMPANY comnprisipu THthe following celebrated artistes-viz., liss Laura. hilea 1 Adami, Mr. HEerberte, Mr. E. Dusek, Mr. F.Younge, and Mr. Henry Corri -will have the honour of appearing during the present week at the Theatre Royal, Halifax-. All communications to be addressed to hIr. H. Corci, as above. ER MAJESTYs THEATPRE.-It is roetfuiy H anmounced that Her Majesty's Theatre wil RE-O1' early in Mlay. Engagements of great interest have been effected beth in Opera and Balet, and the best exertions used to make the arrangements worthy of the occasion. The prospectus will shortly be issued. The subscribers and friends of Her Majesty's Theatre, who feel an interest in the success of this great establishment, are respectful%invtbedto forward early intimation of their intention to subscribe. e season will consist of 30 nights, ncg the prices will be as follow :-Pit boxes, 2D to 150 guineas; grnad tier, 180 ti 200 guineas; one pair, 120 to 150 guineas; two pair, 75 to lO guneas; pit stals, 25 guineas. The boxofflce is now open. R_2 OYAL ITALIAN OPERA, LYCEUM.- e t THIS EVENING (Tuesday. April 15), being the frst night of the season, will be performed Verdi's opera, IL TROVATOtB Azucena, MdUe. Didile ; Leonora. Madame JennyNey; Inez, Madame Tagliafico; Il Conte di Lunan. Sigol rrai enno ignor Tagliaico ; Ruinz Signor Soldi; Unngaro Siguor Gregoro; anZd Manrico, Signor Tamberlik (who wil perform for a few nights only previous to his departure for Rio Janeiro). Conductor-Mr. Costa. The performances will commence at 8 o'clock. Entrances To the private boxes and pit stilts through the portico in Wellingtonitreet; to the pit bY the Strand entrance; to the amphitheatre and amphitheatre stalls through Exeter-street. The box-office, situate in the principal entrance nuder the portico, is open from 10 til 5. Admission to the pit, 8s.; amphitheatre staDls, 7s.: amphitheatre, 2s. 6d, Ons Thursday next, April 17, an Extra Night -,villbe given, D RURY-LANE.-English Opera.-In consequence of the demand for places and the desire of the artistes that nothing shall imnpede the wonderfully increasing popularity of nl Trovatore, or The Gipsy's Vengeance, the Directors have great pleasure in announcing its representation every evensing until further L ucy Bseott, Mliss Fanny iumddPart, Mlr. Adugaustes o Baham, Mr Henrists Brayten, Mr. Durand. &c.-TO 1NIGB T, and everyevening during the wreek, IL TROVA&TORE; or. The Gipsy's Vengeance. To conclude writh the successful ballet of TIlE ENCHANTED GARDENf. Reduced prices as usual. rIHEATRE ROYAL, HAYMIARKET.-THIS jL EVE,-IG (Tuesday), the arragement of the performances as follows :-To commence at 7 with THE BALANCE OF COMFORT. Which wil be fouolved at a quarter past S by the nev and greatly successful comedy of THE EVIL GENIUJS. Tom Ripstone (theEvit Genius), Mr. Buckstone; Hil Cooley, Esq., Mhr. Chippendale; Joe WVitbers, Mr. Comepton: Wablsley, ilr. W. Farren; Lady Ringw'ood. hMiss Reynolds; Clara, Miss Swanborough. After which the renowned Spanish Dancer, Perea Nena, with Manuel Perez and a new Sanuish Compmy, in the newballet pantomime of EL GAMTBUSINO: or, The mexican Goldseeker. Coneluding with LEN.D ME FIVE SHi, LINGS. Air. Golightly, Mr.Buckstone, To-morrow (Wednesday), Mir. Ransford's Benefit. Thursday, The Evil Genius; the Spanish Dancers; Court Favour, in which Mliss Blanlche Fane wvil appear: and The Postman's }Knock. Friday and Saturday, The Evil Genies; Peres Nena; Grimshaw, Bagshaw, and Bradshaw. in which Mxr. Buckstone wil sustain his original character of Grimshaw, and Miss Talbot wiU mako her first appearance at this Theatre; with The Postman's Enock, R OYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE. - THIS a t EVENING (Tuesday), EVERY ONE HAS HIS FAULT; THE VICTOR VIUNQUISHED; and A PRINCE FOR AN HOUR. To-morrow (Wednesday), Louis XL; The Victor Vanquished; and A Prince for an Hour. Thursday (last time), Henry VIL ; The Victor Vanquished ; and A mrince for an Hour. Saturday, The Corsica- Brothers ; The Victor Vanquished; and A Prince for an Hour. PRINCESS's THEATRE.-I!r. and Mrs. tCHRI,ES KCEA respectfuDy inform the public that their ANNUAL BENU IT wiU take place on ponday week. APril 2S, on which occasionwil be produced Shakspeare's play of THE WITTEB S TALE. Leontes, Mr. C. Kean; Hermione, Mrs. C. Rean. QT. JAMES's THEATRE.-Madame and M. Gassier, ,Mr. Swift. MtigssLonhVisaming MiESs P. Horton, the Infant Pianist. hldDe. d'Hlcrbil, Mr. Frank Huorl, and Mrr. Alfr-ed Mellon (w,ith fiul orchestra) will appear at the above Theatre To-morrow, April 18; on which occasion the tragedy of OTHEllO wilbe performed by the being for theBENEFIT oyf ar LITERARY GENTLEMAN.GTicaets and full particulars at Cramer, Beale, and Co.'s, 201, Regent-street; and all musiceellecs' and libraries. S T. JAI'eIES's THEATRE.-The BENEFIT To- morrow, April 16-The private friends of the hiulficLairo are Solicited to make early application at Cramer's for their tickets, the attractive nature of the programme having originated a largge demand on the part of the pubiec. T HEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI.-Great Hit.- The new Adelphi drama, Like and Unlike, every evening, by Mr. B. Webster Mr. Wrigh' and Madame Celeste.-Last Two Nights of the Royal iiurlesque an1 Comic Pantomime, To-morrow and Friday.- Urgent Private Affairs (first times at second price), and Mother and Child are Doing Well, To-night (Tuesday, Thurday, and Saturday.- THIS EVENING, the successful new Adelpi drama of LIK AN'D LIKE, by MEr. B. Webter, Mlr. WYright. and Madame Celeste (as perored efre erMajst. WthURGENIT PRIVATE AFFAIRS: by hIr.Wright. And 3OTHER AND CHIL;D ARE DOING WELL: by lily. Wright. T HEATRE ROYAL, SADLER's-WELLS.-Last J Two nights of Miss Cushman in her extraordinary delineation of Meg 3Ierrilies in the operatie drama of GUY MAXNERING. TIIIS EVENING and To-morrow. On Thursday next, April 17, Miss Cushman will take her Benefit, when she will appear as Thisbe in The Actress of Padua, and Mrs. Simpson in Simpson and Co. Other artistee of the highest metropolitan fame wil also appear for this tonly. hlr. and Mrs. Charles Dillon, of the Theatres Royal, EnRsbueatrMenchoster M linburgh, Manchester, and Dublin, wil make their first appearance in London on Monday next, April 2L in the drama of Belphegor. Boxes, is. and 2Is.; pit, Is.; gullery, 6dM R OYAL SURREY THEATRE.-The Great Hit of the Day, HOW WE LIVE. This great secvetnightly disclosed toDcrowded audiences. mons. Hanlon, thoewonder of the world-Reengagement of this extraordinarY artiste, who will appear nightly inhis brilliant and almost incredible performances. A STLEY's ROYAL AMIPHITHEATRE.-Mr. WLAMCOOKE has the honour to aninounce that his ANNUAL COMIILIIIENTARY B3IENEIT wvill take place lender the distinguishedpatronae of the Right HTon.theL,ordI (Mayor) on Tuesday, the 22d of Apn inst. The entertainment will embrace a Grand Equestrian Spectacle, a Classical Selection of Scenes in the Circle, in wvhich Mr.WllEllan Cooke will appe.ar, as also ths accomplished Miss Kate Cooke, in her celebrated act of the Haute Ecole, mounted on her milk-white charger Snowidrop: togethervwith avariety of other entertainments. Tickets and places may be secured at the box-office daily from 10 till 4 o'dclc. G REAT NATIONAL STANDARD THEATRE.- H. Proprietor, Mr. John Douglass.-Eng°aement of Aiss GlYn, Mr. Ha. Macstun, and Miss Rtebecca Isscs,-THIR EVENINUG. the Play of ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA (unparaUeled in bistrionic pafeantry). Antony, Mr. H. hlarston (of the Theatre Royal, Sadlers-wells); Cleopatra, M£iss Gbn. Mliss Rebecca leases wFill also appear in onera. 1HE HEIR, the Child of France: Song, in honour of the birth of the Prinee Imperial. Poetry by J. E. CARPENTER, Esq. Music by 3. W. HOBBS. 2s. London, Robert Cocks and Co., Xew Burlington-street: and of aU musieselles. pEACE! PEACE I PEACE ! A new song, 2s.; Ilustrated, 2. 6d.-The furore excited by the Postmans Knock will be prolonged by this new composition, worthy of the popular w-riter and composer of that unrivalled song. London, Robert Cocks and Co. rTpHE SPRING: Song or Duet. s. Also "The LOpen Window :" song. 2s. post free. Words by LONGFELLOW, music y G. W. MARTIN. Addison and Co., 210, Regent-street,where may be obtained the above composer's prizo compositions. ERDrs NEW OPERA "La TRAVIATI ' the V ovocal musiG and arrangements for the pianoforre; Verdi'" n Trovatore," the vocal music and arrangements for the pianoforte, solo and duets. CramerDeals and Co., 201, Regent-street. MISS P. HORTO'Ns POPULAR ENTERTAIN- ___ 3LEhT.-The favourite SONGS "Under a Hedge," "The Fairest of the Fair," sung byvmrs. Reea (late Miss P. Horton) in her amusing enterainment, "Popular Illustrations," are Pablislted by Cramer, Beal, and Co., 201, Regent-street. MB . SAM. COWELL's NEW SONG-SIR RIBS- M TON of PIPPiL TREE, smng by him every evening. Words byC.KENY, FAq.: muscrrangedby. HARROWAY,jA. Pub. lished by C. blorton, Westminsier-ro.d, and Chappel and Co., New Bond-street. Price 2,. H[ERR N. DE BECKER's NEW SONG, THO ABSENT, I THIN of THEE. Sung by Miss Poole and Miss Heywood. Price 2., post free Addison, Iolier, and Luca, 210, Iegent-street. L ITTLE ENGLAND's ILLUSTRATED NEWS- PAPER: a Monthly Paper, ful of instruction .for Boys and Girls. lo. osethe lst ot May rice id. Arents should aglFcaxly to the publishers, Tallant and Ao en, 21, Paternoster-row, LounOen. WALTER MAICFARREN's new PIANOFORTE PIECES:-Morning Song and Evening Song, 3s.; Hiacinthe Mazurka, 2S. 6ld; May Morn, 2s. 6d.; Gaiezza, 2s. 6d. Tenerezza, 2s. Leader and Cocl, 63, Now Bond-street, corner of Broek-street. fIALLCOTT's NEW ANTHEM for PEACE-" He MJ'3aketh. Wars to Ceawe," For one or four voices. The words from the Psalms. The music by W. Hutchlns CalUcott, Solo, Is. Sd. quartet, 2s. Post free. Addison, Homer, and Lucas, 210, Regent-st. CSING ME an ENGLISH SONG, by W. T. K WRIGHTON. " This is one of the happiest efforts of this most popular composer; in it we have a charming melody coupled with sentiments troly English.Y-Ieview. Price Is. Addison, Homier, and Lucas, 210, Regent-street. KIND WORDS: 3 Ballad. By JULIA MILLS, Addtison and Co. "' A pretty, fiowing, drawing room melody, so which the comp)oser has successfully combined good w ords with tasteful musiC. ' Kind WVords' belongs to the class of ecugs that arrest the gossiping propensities of an evening Pasty, and wll, w e have no doubt, become popular with our fair friend6d'-Leeds Mfercu ry. by R . F. HARVEY, of Dublin,- BatflFac,and Thy Smuile is Beaming There, anre the most spark;ling and pleasing rouge yet written by this talented com poser. whose fame will by these compositions be asv,idelydiffused in England as it already is in Ireland, Price 25. each, postage free. London, B. Williams, 11, Paternoster-sow, C ZER'O's PIANOFORTE TUTOR. New and fenlarged edition, with many copyright melodies, and al the great masters' modem improvements, price 3s. Also Csefns S^hool oE Velocity (Etude de la Vebocitdl. price 3s. * and C7erny's 101 Elementary Exercises, Is. 6d. All full music sie the best paper and printing, and steictlycorr,et. Published at the MusicalBouquet office, 1921, High Holborn; and solfiby all book and music sellers. NEW VOCAIl DET.-MOONLIGHT, BRu Love. and Flowers: duet for soprano and contralto, byJOt BAREETT. Prie Is. The great success of this beautifud chamber duet hasecaused an enquiry for an arrangement for equalvoices. The author has favoured the musical public with this tsteful arrangement -lesni lee. 411t Albemarge-street. N EW VOCAL DUET, by JOHN' BARNETT: 1 iOh, give to me those early Flowvers." Vocal Duet. for Contralto and Soprano. MIr. John Barnett has given a charm to this trus4 de- pantballadby his delightful arrangement as a duet; this beautifull song has fosuud its way by its merits, and from th:e purity of the words' and thegraceful style ofthem usic it wvill h found quite alittlegem. Price 2. }o.eoi L.ee, 4$, Albemarle-street. -~I DRURY-L NE.-ENGLISH OPERA. Under the Management of MesHrs. J. H. TU3ly aud F. ingsbury. THIS EVENING, IL TP.OVATORE; or, The Gipsy's Vengeance. Characters by Lucy Escott, Miss P. Hoddart; Mr. A. Braham, Mr. Henri Drayton, Mr. Durand. c. To conclude with THE ENCHANTED GARDEY. THEATRE ROYAL, HAYMARKET. Under the Lmanagemeut of hlr. Buckstone. THIS EVENING. THE BALANCE OF COMFORT. Torrington, Mlr. Howe; IIrs. Torrington. Miss Reynolds. After which. THE EVIL GENSIUS. To be followed by EL GAMBUSINO- or, The M%fe)ican Goldseeker. To conclude with LEND WE FIVE SHILLINGS. ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEATPE. Under the Management of Mr. Chaxles Kean. THIS EVENING will be presented EVERY ONE IHAS HIS FAULT. Principal character by Mrs. C. Kean. After which. THE VICTOR VANQUISEHED. To conclude with A PRINCE FOR AN HOUR. THEATRE ROYAL ADELPH!I Proprietor. Mlr. B. Webster; Due^tress, Madame Celeste. THIS EVENING will be presented LIKE AND UNTLIKE Cbaracters by Messrs. B. Webster. Wright. P. Bedford, C. Selby, Garden, iorelan H ry MadameCeleste, Miss WYndham,hMissLaidlaw 5c. After which, U BGENT PRIVATE APPAIRS. To conclude with MOTHER AND CHILD ARE DOING WELL. ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. Lessce, Mr. Alfred Wigan. TIS EVNING will be nresented STILL WATERS RUlI DEEP. John Mldmay, Mr. A. Wigan: Irs. Hector Stershold, Mrs. Stiring. To conclude withTHE DISCREET PRINCESS. Charactersby Messrs F. Robson, Emery. Danvers. IL Cooper.Wbite, Clifton; MissesJulia St. George,Ternan, Marston. Maskell, and Stephens. Commence at. pat7. TEATRE ROYAL. SADLER'S-WELLS, Under the Management of Mr. George A. Webster. TEHIS EVENING will be presented GUY XANNERING. Meg rterrilies, Miss Cushman; D.andie Disumont, Mr.Barrett ; Dirk Hatteraick. BMr. E. F. Edgar Julia MimsH Gordon, Luey. Miss H. Oliver. After which, B0Bd%ASTE. FlJIOSO. To conclude with other Entertainments. ROYAL SURREY THEATRE. Lessees, 1essrs. Shepherd and Creswick. THIS EVENING will be presented HOW WE LIVE IN THE WORLD OF LONDON. Charactersby Messrs. Shepherd, C. A. Calvert, 'J. H. Rickards, Widdicomb. &c.. Misses Marriott, E. Sanders. dc. After which, AL Hanlon's Perioreanuesm To be followed by THE FOSTMAN'S KNOOK To conclude with TTYEI,HAUSEN. ASTLEr'S ROYAL Ai PITEATE. Lessee and Mauager, Ir. W. Cooke. THIS EVENING will be presented THE ARAB OF THE DESERT AND HIS FAITHFL STEED. After which, theWonders ofthe Circle, &c. To conclude with an English Steeplechase. TO CORRESPONDMENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times is reduced to 4d., and that 5Ad, is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affixed. 'Under the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) Tfle Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an impressed stamp. The letter of MIr. CUIRTIS in defence of his fire annihilators can only be published as an advertisement. No notice can be taken of anonymous co mnniicatlons. Whatever is intended for insertion must be aqthenticated by the name and address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, but as a gnarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to return rejected communications. ti The publication of ToIE Tns commenced at 5 o'clock yesterday morning, and inished at a quarter to 10.
LOBNDOr, TUESDAY, ApBrL 15, 1866. In the House of Lords yesterday, Lord REDESDALE presented the report of the Library Committee on the donation of the law books of the late Lord TRuno. He subsequently apprised their Lordships that the whole of the fire brigade attached to the building had been discharged without any notice to the officers of the House, and the duties of the firemen made over to the police. Lord REDESDA thought the change objectionable. The Earl of AiBEmRTi moved four resolutions, condemning the infliction of torture to collect the revenue in the presidency of Madras, and pledging the House to adopt the speediest and most effectual measures in its power to suppress the barbarous practice. He detailed the great variety of physical torments inflicted on defaulters to extort the land revenue. He could not acquit the European officers of blame in this matter; they had tacitly permitted the practice, and ignorance of the conduct of the native police officers was, on their part, impossible. lie quoted extracts from the report to prove these points, concluding by calling on the House to provide a remedy for this disgoraceful evil. The Duke of AnG= entirely concurred in the feeling expressed by the Earl of A Emun; the British Government viewed the practice with abhorrence, and was ready to declare it as much an injury to the interests as a violation of the honour of the country. He therefore hoped the resolutions embodying the sentiments of the House might not convey an erroneous impression, that the British Government had countenanced this system. He believed there had been much ignorance on this subject in every Indian Government. It ought to be distinctly stated that the system had not arisen under our rule, but that of the empire which preceded it. In India such practices were usual in every class; in criminal cases the natives thought the infiiction of torture necessary, and were neither surprised nor shocked by its employment. The evidence indicated that the natives quite understood the practice was not sanctioned by the European officials; it was unknown in the vicinity of the stations where they resided, and prevailed exactly in proportion to the remoteness of the localities from European influence. He hoped it would be found possible to separate the functions of revenue collectors from those of the police, though there were great difficulties in the way of the change. He proposed some verbal amendments in the first two resolutions, by which it would be affirmed that the infliction of torture had not grown up underBritish rule, and that it -was contrary to our law; he also proposed to substitute another resolution for the two last moved by the Earl of ALBEnmA&u. The Earl of CrAmicAmYa thought it impossible the Indian officials should not have known of the practice; had there not been a double responsibility in Indian affairs, the home Government would long ago have been compelled to interfere. The Earl of ELmN'BoROuGH had been a member of the Indian Government at home and in India itself for five,years, and during the whole of that time he had never heard that such a system existed, and before he read the present report he -would have denied its existence. It was a reproach to thelocal officers that they had not informed the heads of the Government of the practice. The police and revenue duties must be placed in different hands; the police throughout Incdia should be assimiLated to the soldiery, as in Scinde, and the officials ought to pass sis months of every year in moving through the country and becoming acquainted with the real condition of the people. Lord MomnmGLoE believed the system was not confined to Madras, but existed in other presidencies. It could not be defended on the ground that it was practised by former barbarous Governments. After some observations from the Earl of HARRowny and Lord CoNGonroN, the resolutions, as amended, were agreed to, and the House adjourned. In the House of Commons, in reply to Mr. BBATLIE, Lord PinmEmsroN said the answer to be made to the last communication received from the United States? Government required to be very carefully prepared; that the absence of Lord CLAREmDOx had caused an unavoidable delay, but that the answer was in preparation, and in the course of this week would be communicated to Mr. D]LTs; so that he might say that in the early part of next w-eek the Government would be in a condition to submit to the Hlouse the whole of the corspondence. Mir. BAnLI said he should then postpone his motion (which stood for that evening) condemnatory of the course taken by the Ministers of the CRowN in the employment of agents to enlist the citizens of foreign Powers into the service of EsH}an ssrv, in defiance of the laws of those counties. Sir DE LACY EvAx;s likewise postponedhis amendnment to that motion. The House then went into a Committee of Supply upon the remaining Civil Service Estimates, which underwent the usual discussion. On the vote of 167,498t. for the consular establishments abroad, Lord PALMERSTON, in replying to M3r. WISE, stated that Lord CLARXN-DoN had sent out circulars requiring answers to a great number of questions, with a view, when those answers were received and the required information was collected, of proposing next session to authorize him (Lord PI NsRsToN) to agree to the appointment of a committee of that House to take into consideration the whole of the consular system. I The resolutions agreed to were ordered to be reported. The Public Works Bill and the Public Works (Ireland) Bill were read a thirc time and, with some amendments, passed. On the order for the second reading of the Bankers' Compositions BiU- Mr. GLY-- inquired what were the intentions of the Government as to the Bank Act of 1844. The CHANcErJoR of theExcHEQ replied that if itwas the generalwish of theRousethat a Committee should be uppointed to inquire into the operation of the Bank Act no objection would be made on the part of the Government; buathe was not aware that at this period of the session any great progress could be made in the inquiry. The bill was read a second time. The House went into Committee uapon the Burial Grounds (Ireland) Bill; but, after some of the clauses were agreed to, the C TAsurw was ordered to report progress. The Medical Qualification and Registration BiU was read a second time, after some remarks byl%Ir. Mic=ELi, and was referred to the Select Committee on the Medical Profession BilL The Cambridge University Bill was read a second time and committed forthwith, piro fornM, in order that it might be reprinted, the debate upon the principle being deferred by consent until its recom. mittal. The other business having been disposed of, the House adjourned at 1 o'clock.
Lord AiAitrE last night in the HIIouse of Lords moved his resolutions against the infliction of torture in the Madras Presidency. The annexation of Oude to the British dominions in India is an event which should be marked by the inaugaration of a fresh policy with regard to our Indian subjects. With the occupation of Oude the heroic period of Blitish adventure in these distant landa is well nigh at an end. From smaU beginnings we have been borne on to great results, almost in despite of ourselves. It is not a centuy ago and. the British name was little kInon and less respected in that vast empire. What signifled it to the inhabitants of Delhi or to the princely conquerors of India that a small knot of barbarians from an unknown and distant land had established a trading post or two on their coasts, or on the banks of their sacred stream? The insects that disturbed their dreams, and fluttered their indolent tranquillity, were of more account in the estimation of the chivalrous Musmuhuan and the luxurious Hindoo of that day than the barbarians from beyond the setting sun, who had come to their bright land as suppliants for the refuse of their spice trees and the drippings of their stately palms. Nor, in all probability, was the ignorance less upon our side than upon theirs. Could we evoke the shade of some eager shareholder in Indian adventure-as shareholders were in the year of grace 1756-and compel him to reveal to us the last word of his avaricious dream, would he have dared to make one step beyond the charmed circle of exports and imports and the ordinary incidents of a thriving trade 7 Tell himtell that man of ledger-lines and sum-totals-that the chronicles of Cor.mrS and PzRno would grow dim by the side of the records of Leadenhallstreet, andhe would have thought you a simpleton, a madman,-a fellow who would never succeed in business. That which seemed impossible,-nay, beyond the region of conjecture, has, however, come to pass. Indian dreams have hardened into English facts. The Indians-we know of no other generic name comprehensive enough to embrace the motley population of this vast empire-the Indians, we say, know us, and we know them. By arms and by policy we have accomplished the conquest of the country; it remaius to be seen if the sceptre has been placed in worthy hands. We have rudely torn down the gaudy veil which shrouded the splendour and the misery of India from the knowledge of the western world. Shall it be said that we have converted the misery ofthe Indian into coin, as well as robbed him of his splendour ? Something too much of this there has been, although it is preposterous to say that British dominion in India, with all its faults, has not been of incalculable advantage to millions of our fellowcreatures. With all its defects of administration, with its faulty theories of taxation, with all its defects of ignorance and obstinacy, as compared with any Government which preceded it to the southward of the Himalayas, the English Government has been amodel of philanthropy audhumanity. We are, however, but too painfully a-ware that our shortcomings and errors have been neither few nor unimportant. We admit that for many of these we are justly amenable to the reproaches of the world. But if we acknowledge the truth let us maLe haste to wipe out the reproach. To-day we would caJl attention to one foul aud signal stain upon our rule in British India. We will say nothing of districts condemned to sterility from want of irrigation, nor of provinces famished in the midst of plenty, from defect of communication. For the moment we refer simply and solely to the use of torture in British India under the authority of the British name. Let us not overstate the case, nor lose a chance of obtaining redress by wild and fanciful exaggeration. It is not true that British officers, that British magistrates, that British residents sanction the use of torture upon the persons of our unfortunate Indian fellow-subjects-nay, in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred they would strain every nerve to put the practice down, if brought directly under their notice. It is the Indian who tortures the Indian. It is men of their own colour, of their own blood, of their own race, who ply the scourge, who heap up the intolerable burdens, who draw the whipcord across the starting veins, who fix creeping poisonou3 things to the tortured bodies of their fellowcountrymen. The learned and exhausted English magistrate, fresh from the studies of Haileybury and the routs of Calcutta, is not supposed to know anything of the atrocities which are committed under the authority, actual or presumed, of his warrant. But it is no answer for us, either in the sight of GOD or man, to say that it is the Indians who torture each other without our knowledge and against our Will. These horrors do not take place without our knowledge, for we Inow enough to know that if we chose to inquire we 3night know all. Nor can it be said that they take place against our will, for in India we ara omnipotent. It may not, indeed, be possible to break down this horrible practice in a week or in a month, but no great time need elapse before it is thoroughly extirpated, if we set about the taslk -with the determination to succeed. It must be remembered, above all, that, in order to root it out thoroughly and effectually, we must reconsider our own fiscal system. We must, as far as the action of any Government can extend, put the cultivator of the soil in a situation to meet aU demands upon him, and there wil then be the less necessity for any stern methods of exaction. When all this is done it is not all. A system such as this, which has been so long at work, has its graduates and professors, who have been so long accustomed to connect the idea of torture with that of taxation that it will be difficult indeed ta recall them to gentler methods of action. The collector who has been long accistomed to torture in public will torture in secret, watch him as you may. We invite particular attention tlo the discussion which took place last night in the House of Lords. Lord A mrs.RaE moved four resolitiolas condemnatory of the torture employed in the MIadras Presidency against fiscal defaulters. Let every philanthropist and benevolent visionary forget his own particular Eorlioboola-Gha for the moment, and consider whether there be not a more sacred and necessary task, in which every EngEish~
The alliance between England and F?rance is not nierely a passive good undlier tantding betwveen neighbouring States, nor is it an agreement between Governments urged by c' oiimon fears to resist by force every change not initiated by them2elves. It has hitherto becen a principle both active and liberal, inteiferin- for the good of Europe, yet not pretending to dictate the wishes, hopes, and fiuture destiny of nations. The union which has presci ved the Turkish State from partition, whlieh has overthrown the Russian policy of 10 years, and iangurated a new period to succet d that *which received its character from the Congress of Vienna, is not a Holy Alliance, as understood by the Legitimacy of Continental Europe. It cannot be wondered, therefore, that the facility with which this union was formed, its perfect success, and the probability of its duration, should alarm those whose expectations and plans it may disappoint. The A sscblbe iAo Iitaole represents the Fusion, and the politics of the Fusion are thwarted by the success of France iuder its niev dynasty. The Legitimist sympathies of the jolulral, too, are wounded by the disasters -which have befallen the late clief of Legitimist Sovereigns, of whose claims the AsseanbUlee Xkaionale is now the advocate. We cannot consequently be surprised that the paper which has throughout the late struggle laboiured to cause dissension between its own cointrymien and their allies, wlhich has ever seen with scarcely suppressed joy the irials, the cificulties, and even the disasters of the armies w-hich besieged Sebastopol, sheuld now seek to question the policy w-hich iuites France and England in their general action on Europe. The writer is, of course, fuill of the commonplaces of civility. He admires England, her liberal institutions, the antiquity and grandeur of her government. He hopes that France will remain the ally ~of England in peace as wvell as in war. He always desires for his countrv that alliance, " but only on certain conditions," and these conclitions are utterly inconsistent with the foreign policy of England during the last 25 ycars. Revolution -md anarchy in Spain are said to be the work of our perficlious people. If this is to be tolerated, then thle -writer is not for the English alliance. The recent representations of Sardinia seem to have roused the anger of the Fusionists. " If " France shall be compelled to permit revolution "to introduce itself into Italy, to overthrow the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies, to plant " itself at Palermo, to menace the SOVEREIGN PoNrTiFF at Rome, then we are not in favour of the English alliance." Furthelniore, if "the < despotism of the multitude " is to be tolerated in Switzerland, the alliance of England "is too " dear." What, then, remains for France? Tne Asseriollec is ready with an answver. Austria has the same interests as France. Both Powvers are botud 1y duty to preser-e the ancient institutions of Europe. Both Powers ale proud of a common Catholicism. Let France and Austria be united, and then, argues the French print, the -world will see great things. Such is the language of a joiunal which professes patriotism at the close of a desperate confict, in -which the troops of France and of England have stood side by side against a common foe. Party spirit is too strong to be restrained by any ties of reason and decency. We are told that if the policy -which our country has for a generation past steadily followed be not now abandoned France will seek another ally. Now, we cannot congratulate this French print on the skilfilness of its tactics. It is suggested that France and its ruler wvill abandon those principles of international policy to -which Englishmen have become attached. Such an insinuation, it was perlhaps thought, would be enough to raise in England doubts of the French E;irpOlrtis good faith, and lead to comments, whicih would tihen be paraded before Frenchmen as proofs of English captiousness and insolence. But the design wiU lbe disappointed. When the Assctmibe hints at an odious and reactionary foreign policy as being likely under the new French empire, it suggests shat no man will believe. Such a course would be equally contrary to the interests of France and the traditions of its present dynasty. It would belie all that we know of the present EpErmor.'s expressed opinions. Fr:nce has chosen a Sovereign who is allowed to possess great genius, a firm will, and a clear conception of national interests. Were the Government wlhich rules at Paris strong or -weak, despotic or liberal, regal or republican, it would be equally the cdlty of Englishmen to recognize its autlhority and treat it with respect. Mluch more is deference due to it when it is proved to be administered with vigour and with what is at least a high test of merit-success. We are therefore for an aliance with Imperial France such as it has as yet shown itself-liberal and progressive in its international policy. We trust and believe that the Ruler of France has no sympathy with such a despotism as oppresses Naples ; that he wvishes to substitute somethin,g stable for the anarchy of the Papal States; that he wouild gladly see foreign armies turn their backs on Italy, and the petty rulers of Florc aee, Parma, and 3Icdena learn to trust more to their subjects' contentment than to Austrian brigades. The Emperor NArC.LEON'S aCqu1ailntanCe with Europe is not that of an ordinary Crown Prince or Archdulike, who has succeeded to the old throne, the old palace, the old ideas of his ancestors. He was borm to a kingdom -which -was destroyed by the hand wvhih created it. He has seen many lands, many kinds of institutions, many concditions of men. He has been a prisoner and a proscript I efore he became the chief of a republic and the occupant of a throne. We will not believe, then, on the authority of his enemies, that such a man will use his power only for such purposes as the Assemblge suggests-to preserve in Europe the order of the barrack and the silence of the dungeon, to give impunity to a police at ?Naples and a priesthood at Rome, to fasten on civilized lands and keen-spirited races the indignities whiel we have declared shall be no longer borne by Bulgarians or Wallachs, and until wve are undeceived -we shall be for the French alliance. There is one point to w-hichl we may aUlude with a few words of caution. The A ssernbMe, while advocating its Austrian alliance, speaks of a'noble end to be attained in the East. "France," it is said, "I tas a great task to accomplish, which is to " establish by the influence of her civilization the " ascendancy of Catholicism." We had hoped to have heard the last of these pretensions. A great gtulf divides us fromn the days when priests quiarrelled about the key of the Church of the Sepulchre and the star of the Church of Bethlehem. WNthatever judgment we may pass on Russian policy and the insincerity of its plans, there can be no doubt that these paltry disputes led to the interruption of a long peace and to a conflict in which hiudreds of thousands have perished. WIle are not so blinded by animosity against the creed of our late enemy as not to perceive that in all religious disputes in the East the Catholics have been the chief aggressors. Their fanaticism is active and aggressive, while that of their opponents, however deep, is purely defensive. We trust, therefore, that no French Government will for the fuitre allow its Eastern policy to be dictated by the Jesuits and Lazarists of the Levant. A French Ambassador cannot do worse than allow his owvn name and the power of his country to be used for the purposes a pn unquiet Propaganda. hi this matter also 7 trust to the good sense of the French E-r/ A/, and fully expect that he will give us no reason7to repent of the aliance which our coiuntry has formed.
No one is able to say exactly and confidently why the IReport of the Crimean Conmissioners has itself beeii called in question, put on its trial, and exposed to all the chances that time, distance, bad memory, and good interest cannot fail to create atgainst it. For whatever purpose the Commission was intended, the report might have been taken as conclusive. WIe are not, however, concerned with the measures by which the higher powers, after shelving that report for months, have exposed it to the risk of being finally discredited. We are not behind the scenes, where, evidently, there is some mystery. But, whatever the intention, we are now sure of one result,-it is, that the men in command in the Crimea are still what they are believed to have been. Out of their o-wn mouths they declare that they are still the men to lose any number of horses and men, and everything else committed to their charge. Nobody can doubt, indeed they do not wish IIs to doubt, that in the event of another warthey would do precisely what theydid in the wiIter of 1854. They are perfectly sure they did all that could be expected from them. Indeed, what could they do ? There wasn't a good shop in the place-not a tradesman calling for orders. There were no carpenters or labourers-no sailcloth, or scantling, or ropes, or good tools. They were wholly neglected. What ceuld they do in such a case ? It has never occurred to these gentlemen that wlhen a uLmber of Englishmen go -with their horses three thousand miles from houme, and land in a foreign country, for the express purpose of destroying, pillaging, killing, and doing all kinds of mischief, they must expect to encounter some difficulties. If they go to fight Cossacks, they must not expect to fare much better than Cossacks, and, indeed, will probably have to do what the Cos-acks have to do. The Engtlish nobleman cannot carry Grosvenor-square and Belgravia with him so far. He muist bid adieu not only to lis own well-conducted establishmenit, but even to the livery-stables; to the cornehandler, with his unfailing loads of hay and corn, and his quarterly bills; to his excellent saddler, his clever farrier, and to the whole race that mimister -with such fidelity to the wants of a good customer. Now, it might have been supposed that the experience of the Crimea would have impressed this lesson on our noble cavalry officers, and that, whatever the faullts of the past, they would not be likely to repeat them. No such thing. If, iunhappily, the present difficulty with America should ripen into a war, and 5,000 cavalry should be sent to Canada, it is quite evident that Lord This and Lord That, and all the Honourables, and their respective Staffs, wouild do precisely what their predecessors did in the Crimea, and before the first winter was over we should hear that man and horse had succumbed, not to bullet or sabre, but to frost and snow, to want of shelter, clothing, food, and all things, under circumstances where the rude British settler lives, thrives, and is happy. Just suppose, in anly future war, the stabling of a few- hunclred cavalry horses left to Lord LUCAN, and to Colonels DOUGLAS, DoHERTY, and Low, wlho were examined on Friday. Would they do otherwise than they did in the Crimea? When the Commissariat is left in the rear, wihen the means of transport gets rather short, or any other difficulty appears, no doubt his Lordship will make his complaints heard, though whether he will keep the Commander-in-Chief fully acquainted with the condition of his horses and men is not quite so certain. Colonel Dorc>As, it appears from his own answers, wiiU be very carefld not to make a suggestion, or even set an example, that might be construed into a reflection upon the concluct of his superiors. He cannot say whether men could have been hired to erect shelter, or whiether seamen and carpenters could have been obtained from the ships. With 108 men effective, and clear of all demands, on the 1st of December, he took no steps for sheltering his t5oop-horses for several weeks, -till January, it would appear from one answer. For this delay the chief excuse given is the want of a sufficient supply of tools, though any labourer knows, as Mr. GALTO-N has demonstrated, that on almost every soil, with almost any iniplement of iron, one man could make an excavation sufficient to yield considerable shelter to himself or a horse in one day. Colonel DoHERTY believed they commenced hutting the horses about the latter end of January, and that for the whole of the two previous months the horses were standing at their pickets unprotected. For this he knows no remedy, and appears to know none even now, in the probable emergency of there being no sailimaker, or timber merchant, or contractor at hand, with a good supply of the proper materials. He could not say, and cannot now say, whether it is likely that assistance, in men or materials, could have been obtained from the fleet. He only supposes that if sailors had been paid for the work their services might have been procured. As this supposition comes out elsewhere, and as it is evident the British sailor is in the eyes of the British soldier a sort of marine navvy, procurable for any servicej on the conditicn, and only on the condition, of pay, it is worth inquiring how far that supposition is founded on truth, and u-hether the two services stand in the relation, not of fellow-servants, but of independent allies, ready to help one another, not for love, but for money; to do a day's work for a day's pay. The other officer examined on Friday, LieutenantColonel L.ow, seems to have been equally without resources during the months of December and January, even though he lost 100 horses out of 143 in three months. Now, we should be very sorny to spoil the romance of war, especially that of the most romantic branch of the service-the cavalry regiments. But we respectfully submit that if horses are necessary to it, and if a Dragoon without a horse is no longer a Dragoon, but an exceedingly awkward and useless animal, cavalry officers ought to be instructed in the art of prese-rving their horses. We submit that no officer should be intrusted with the command of a single Dragoon till he has been examined as to the proper steps to be taken in those emergencies that are certain to occur in war. War does not consist exclusively of sword exercise, or even of manceunres, still less of charges without any manceuvring. Indeed, in all ages, the best generals have been quite as remarkable for their diligence, promptness, and dexterity fi ieeding man and horse as in handling them when fed. C2EsAR, whom even Lord LucANv would probably think something better than a clerk in the Waroffice, took special care of his Commissariat, was a first-rate engineer, disdained no artifice, dismounted his cavalry, mounted his infantry, dug miles of trench, ran up earthworks in a couple of hours, and made the same men foot soldiers, horse soldiers, "navvies," sailors, or whatever the occasion required. In this way it -was that he conquered the world, in spite of his disadvantage in being by birth the first gentleman in Rome. Notwithstanding the immunities of his position, he condescended to be, like all other great generals, a professional soldier; and he learned his art as regularly as the SrTEPn-Nso.Ns, the BnuxELs, and the BRASSEYS of this age have learnt the art of making railways. There appears to be no doubt that both the Russians and the French consider war a profession, and not mere good company and horsemanship. We must do as they do, unless we would be beaten; and beaten we certainly shall be most cruelly, unless we commit oiur brave soldiers to the care of men w%ho can do something more than charge the enemy's guns and let the sIurvivors perish for want of the most ordinary care.
The bill of the war will probably never be presented to the British public in a separate form. it is, however, a very natural subject of curiosity, and something like an approximation can be obtainied. 01r public expenditure, under ordinary circumstances, is very uniform, and there is no great difficuilty in assigning any excess to its proper causes. fence the quarterly account of the public income and the balances in the Exchequer, which we publish to-day, is a very intelligible dociument. Before the war our expenditure was usually but little over 50,000,000l., -whichl had become as much the figure of our establishment as a gentleman's 5,0001. or 10,0001. a-year. In the financial year just ended it has been 88,42S,3451., in round numbers 40,000,0001. more than in peace. At all events, we may certainly say that we spent last year 35,000,0001. more than we should have done but for that little freak of the Enperor NIcHOL-s. This appears in another way. The excess of expenditure over income in the year ended March 31, 1856, as stated in the return, was 22,723,8541., although the increased Income-tax and other war taxeshad produced about 15,000,0001. Adding thus what we did pay out of the taxes to what we (lid nut, the result is near 38,000,0001. To meet the excess we contracted in the course of the year two new loans, the former for 16,000,0001., the latter for 5,000,0001., with certain powers for funding Exchequer-bills to the amount of tbree millions more. The produce of all these operations, the last of which is far from exhaustecl, wvas 20,123,0001. The unfunded debt meanwhile has been increased by some millions. On the face of the table the " suipply services" for the army, navy, ordnance, and votes of credit for the war come to about 52,000,0001.-a singular comment on the very recent proposition for reducmig the cost of the national defences to 10,000,0001. We shall naot be over the mark if we put our share in the costs of the Russian war during the year just ended at 35,000,0001. It is true that much of it was paid for the charges of the previous year, but it is equally true that muchvery probably as much, remains to be paid for this year,-that is, the year just ended. It is also to be considered that much we are now doing is for future use; but few of our readers will derive comfort fiom the reflection that the war just concluded will leave behind it an iminense establishment, personal as well as material, to be kept up, to waste, or, still *worse, to be found a use for. Tllirty-five millions are certainly a very large sum to spend in bloodshed and desttrction in the course of one twelvemonth. How many social wants migstht have been met, how many evils redressed, by half or a quarter of thea money ! This is a consideration, of course, of little weight when honoiur is in question, for honour knows no price; but it is a consideration when we are not actLally on the eve of war, when we have still time to look about us, to choose our line, whether proud and provocative, or modest and pacific. War is the most costly of all amusements, and no doubt PROvIDENCE means it to be so ; for there are people, we had almost said nations, wvho would speedily exterminate all the earth besides, if they could do it cheaply. It is true we have not been ruined. On the 31st of last month the CrANCEUOP of the EXCHEQUER had a larger balance in hand than on the same day of the pre-vious year, and powers of borrowing tUnexhausted. Were he now to announce a " clearing loan" of ten millions or so, he would probably obtain the money on very easy terms. Our expenditure has been very much less than in the last year of the last war, wvhen the couLtry was not half so wealthy as it now is; when there was not a tithe of the machinery, no railways, and when even the soil was not half so productive. WVe shouild have been well able to carry on the war ten or twenty years longer without any excessive pressure on our resources; and, were money all, we could prosecute another such war with any nation that might compel us to the trial. But there is the danger of our wealth. The lighter elements of the nation are easily excited to war, the cost of which only falls on those who have siure means, the losses of which only fall on some families, and the magnitude, splendoiur, and extravagance of which are themselves, to many, its chief recommendation.
TiE NATIONAL GALrERY.-A picture by Mantegna, recently arrived from the continent, is now added to the national collection. It represents the Virgin and Child enthroned under a canopy, with St. Jomn the Baptist and the Magdalen standing. Borroni, in his Forestiere i?n Milano, states this picture to have been in the possession of Cardinal Cesare Monti, Archbishop of Milan, who bequeathed it to the Andreani family in 1650. It is supposed to have formed part of the pictorial spoils which were dispersed after the sack of MIantua in 1630. The picture subsequently became the propertyof the Mellerio family, and was lastly inherited by that of Somaglia. It is engraved in Aliprandi's unfinished work on the private galleries of MIilan. The Turner pictures, now the property of the nation, -will soon be made over to the trustees of the National Gallery; but even a selection can hardly be exhibited till a special place is provided for them. The new building at Brompton, on the south-east side of the Kensington-Gore estate, is, however, advancing rapidly. There, probably, at no very distant time, -will be deposited the Vernon collection, the Turner pictures, and the nucleus of the proposed National Portrait Gallery. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of 351., for additional income-tax, from "A Tradesman;" also, 751. 16s. due for incometax from " A. ;" and tho first half of a bank-note (No. 61,108) for 201., in payment of former years omitted income-tax on foreign securities, frorn "H. L."
IRELAJND. (FROM OUR OWN COREPOND7T.) JDUBJLN, AIONDAY MOP.rNG. The result of the Athlone contest has set the Roman Catholic journals at loggerheads, and the whole party is now more than ever cast into the most admired disorder. Fully admitting tlle general unpopularity of Mr. John Ennis as the 'representative of Liberalism, some of the organs insist that this drawback was no valid reason for the adoption of a policy so much resembling the folly of cutting oR' the nose to vex the face. Nlevertheless, it is understood that this is to be the cue at the next general election, whenever that event may tak-e place; and that wherever there is not a moral certainty of the return of a bare-brained factionary,[pledged to wholesale opposition to the Government of Lord Palmerston, then the examples of Sligo, New Ross, and Athlone are to be taken as patterns, and the whole weight of popular influence is to be cast into the scale to insure the triuraph of the Derbyite candidate-if Orange or Blue all the better-at the cost of everything bordering on consistency or common sense. TUE SPECALA COIsMISSION. Another of the assassins of Mliss Hinds has been made amenable to justice. Yesterday evening, after two days' trial, Thomas Dunne, a respectable farmer, was found guilty. THe and James Murphy were sentenced to be executed. Dunne was the chief plotter in the conspiracy to murder aIiss Hinds, and it was in his house that the doom of the unhappy lady was sealed. T1E SADLEM FRAUDS. Aipropos to Mr. Deasy's motion with reference to the alleged favour shown to John Sadleir by one of the Commissioners of the Encumbered Estates Court, a correspondent of the Cork Reyaorer rwrites as follows:- "It is to be hoped the motion nmade by one of our county members for returns of sales under the Encumbered Estates Court will lead to a searching investigation, and in every respect prove satisfactory to the public. One particular sale caused a grcat deal of severe comment, and was censured as halsh amd oppressive at the time, and since, by those who are supposed to be tolerably acquainted with the proceedings. I allude to the sale of the house and densesne and some adjoining lands of Castle Hyde. The worthy proprietor was the petitioner for his creditors. The lot was knocked down (I believe to the bid of the late Mlr. Sadleir) under the value, and, unless I am misinformed, by one commissioner only, M[r. Longfield, in spite of the personal remonstranice of Mlr. Hyde. Should these circumstances be wholly, or even partly correct, they wiiU demand ful inquiry. The purchase-money vas 17,3001., and it has been repeatedly stated by those nov concermed in the estate that 24,0001. has been refused, and this though the house and gardens and extensive pleasure grounds are not kept up. A good deal of timber has heen sold." B3y parties well informed upon the subject it is alleged that the returns moved for by AMr. Deasy wrill show that there wrere no underhand dealings such as he hints at by the terms of his motion, and that the conduct of tlhe one commissioner, so far from being blameable, was the very reverse. If anything like favour or paltiality was evinced towards Sadleir in his dealings with the Couirt, he paid dearly for it, and the creditors of the several estates of which he became the puirchaser were the only persons who benefited by the indulgence. Such, at least, is the general and accredited report here. TIEE EDUCAMTON QUESTION. An influelntial Presbyterian organ (the Banner of Ulsker), commenting upon the annual meeting, a few days ago, of the Church Education Society, draws the following deductions from the yearly report :- -- " One of the most remarkable features in the history of the society is the uniforn increase of its funds and the equaUy uniforiu decrease of its pupils. The obvious isiference is that its field of labour is exhausted, and that, with ample funds to educate a larger number of scholars and a country so destitute educationally that in nmany districts S0 persons in the 100 of the population can neither read nor write, the Church Education Society finds itself in front of a barrier vwhich it is utterly unable to surmount. It proffers its benevolent assistance, and the great mass of the people scorns to receive it. We iecd not go far in order to di-cover the reason. Its fundamental principle is diametrically opposed to their opisiions and prejudices, and they prefer a vretched ignorance to the instruction which, they are told, vould undermine their faith. Far be it from us to dwell with complacency on such a state of niatters, or even to refrain from expressing the indignation which rises in our breasts when we thinik of the abominable priesteraft which, for its owvn enids, keeps so nsany myriads of our countrymen in spiritual bondage. But the fact, however mluch we may lament it, canniot be igniored, and therefore we hold that there never was a wvilder imagination tlhan that which would make the principle of the Church zEducation Society the basis of a system of nlatiosal education for Ireland. WVhile the society is rapidly dwindlng awvay, the National Board, with al its faults, costinues to add yearly to the numher both of its schoois and scholars. The returns for 1855 have not yet reached us, but the returns of the tbree previousyears stand thus:- Years. Schools. Pupils. Parliamy. Grants. £e. lS52 4,75 . 544,64 .. .. .. 12, 073 83. 5,23 . 55031 .. .. .. 193,04M 155.. 5.178. 551,110 ...... 215,200 " Such an institution as this iuust not be rashly tampered withl. For the present, at least, the education of the people is hound up with it, anid its removal would be equivalent to a sudden extinction of the only light which is now able to penetrate our educational darkness." (BY ELECTRIC TELEGrlAP) DUBLI1Y, MONDAY EVENING. THE RAILWAY FORGERIES. At the head police-office this day Mr. James M. KCnighting was brought up, charged with having comnitted another forgery of a transfer of railway shares. From the evidence it appeared that Mlr. Knighting in June last caUled at the office of Mr. Robert Corbett, stockbroker, and stated that Mr. Henry MI. Jones, of Hampstead, was anxious to dispose of 156 preference shares in the Great Southern and Western Railway, and that, inasmuch as his residence was at some periods uncertain, he wished to appoint Mr. John J. Ryan, of the Liunacy-office, as his agent. In accordance with this direction a deed of transfer from MIr. Jones to Mr. Ryan was made out in Mr. Corbett's office and forwarded to the Great Southern andWestern Railway office, from which it was returned with the signatures of Mr. Jones as transferor and of Mr. Ryan as acceptor of the 156 shares. In accordance with further directions, the shares were sold by Mr. Corbett, and a suml amounting in the whole to nearly 2,9601. was paid to Mr. Ryan in four checks-one on the Bank of Ireland, and three on another firm. Mr. Jones now attended and deposed that he had never signed the transfer, and that he was now the proprietor of the shares originaUy allotted Io him in the Great Southern and Western Railway. After a lengthened investigation the prisoner was committed for trial on two charges; but it is feared that forgeries to a far greater extent wiU yet be discovered.
THE LocAm DuEs QUisTrox.-The Association for the Right Appropriation of the Liverpool Town Dues is now fuUy forned, and in active operation. We are glad to learn that its executive committee met on Saturday ?or the purpose of arranging for the attendance of various parties connected with this district, to give evidence before the select committee of the House of Commons on local shipping dues, with especial reference to the unjust operation of the Liverpool tow;n dues. We hope similar activity is prevailing in other commercial and manufacturing districts subjected to this tax- on trade. The Staffordshire potteries and iron districts, with the hardvware trades of Birmingham, Sheffield, and other places, ought at once to arrange to send up some of their most in'luentialmerchauts and manufacturers, who are able to testify to the committee the wide extent of the injury which has so long and so improperly been permitted to levy a local tell on their various trades for the sole benefit of Liverpool. The Parliamentary committee met on Friday for the purpose of appointing the chairman, and probably of arranging as to the mode of proceeding. This day the committee proceeds to business, and it is very probable that it may be determined to deal first with the case of Liverpool. The general purposes committee of the Manchester corporation have already appointed an infilential deputation to proceed to London with the town clerkl, and to remain there during the sitting of the select committee of the Rlouse of Commons. The importance of this question is becoming every day more and more apparent, as well as the amount of direct pecuniary interest which the Liverpool corporation has in obtaiming, by any means, even a few montlhs' delay. WVe are not at aU surprised that that corporation have presented a petition praying to be heard by counsel before the select committee ; but, unless the comnsittee be prepared to elongate indefinitely the term of its labours, it is hardly likely that such an application will be entertained. The last veek's receipts from town dues at Liverp)ool amount to the enormous sum of 15,5001., andon one day in that week nlO fewer than 101,000 bales of cotton were subjected to this toll, aU of which fals on the manufactlrers of this district. Some of the upholders of the Liverpeelitown dues have said it was a meretrifle, notworth mentioning; but even the 2d. a bale levied on cotton imported amounts in this one day to more than 8401. If, however, the tlhng is such a trifle, why are the Liverpool corporation using such enormous exertions, such an expenditure of time, talent, and money, to retain this relie of the old feudal exaction ? As in their contest centuries ago with the Lancaster freemen, they are evidently relying more on the ingenuity of counsd and the length of. their corporate purse (filled out of our pockets, be it remembered), than on prescriptive right or the justice of their cause.- Manchesite, Guardian. CRYSTA PALCE.-0ON SHn,nG DAY, Mlonday, April 14.-Admissions on payent, 2,217; ditto, by season tickets, 288; total visitors, *2,505.
I TfEB CHURCIZ DISYThX.vE BILL. TO THE iDITOR OF TEB TimES. Sir,-" Give me discipline," was the favourite exclamation of a distinguished Egglish prelate, whose exertions mainly contributed to the passing of the Church Discipline Act. A great mistake, however, was conimitted on that occasion-in principle when the functions of the ecclesiastical judge were collfounded with those of the ecclesiastical magistrate, which it has been the policy of the law for six centuries to keep separate; as well as in practice, when the new process, which ought to have been merely supplemental, was made to supersede every other kind of proceeding. The result has been attended with considerable embarrassment to the administrators of the law, and .with some scandal to the church itself. It had been understood, therefore, that upon the transfer of the testamentary jurisdiction from the ecclesiastical to the civil courts a measure would be brought forward by Her Mlajesty's Governrment by which the obstacles which impede the bishops in the exercise of their contentious jurisdiction in matters strictly ecclesiastical would be removed, and the procedure made more certain. A biU has accordingly been presented to the Hoouse of Lords by the Lord Chancellor, which from its title might have been expected to fulfil these conditions, as it professes to be " a Bill for Better Enforcing Church Discipline and the Laws Ecclesiastical." The subject it must be confessed is not without some difficulties, but it -was hardly to be expected that the Guardian of the Great Seal of England and the Keeper of the Queen's conscience, under cover of better enforcing the laws ecclesiastical, would have proposed to abolish the whole machinery of episcopal church government except the bishops themselves, and to effect a change in the system of the united church of England and Ireland hardly less startling than that which Peter the Great effected in the Russian church when he substituted, in 1720, the Holy Synod in subordination to the Czar, in the place of the Patriarch of Mfoscow. Yet, strange to say, the bill commences with sweeping away the entire legal framework of an established episcopal church. VicarsGeneral, Chancellors, officials principal, commissaries-general, diocesan registrars, apparitors, and every other officer employedunder any ecclesiastical authority in England and Ireland, are consigned to the Limbo of suppressed functionaries. NLo diocesan registry is to remain, but two great central registries are to be set up in London and Dublin respectively, from which every ecclesiastical instrument or document now issued from any archi-episcopal, diocesan, or archidiaconal COUrt, or under any archi-episcopal or episcopal seal, is henceforth to emanate; and thus an important branch of the voluntary jurisdiction, which in every episcopal church is essentially local and diocesan, is to be centralized in the metropolis. The registrar of each of these new central registries is to be appointed by a synod, consisting of four archbishops and one bishop, which is lkewise to have the appointment of four Chancellors, wvhose business it will be to go circuit, and punish clerical offenders. The synod itself is further to be constituted a body politic and corporate by the name of "the Ecclesiastical Court Commissioners for England and Ireland," so that the united church is effectively to be put into commission, like a department of the State; and a supplemental synod is also to be created, made up of the commissioners and the two Lord Chancellors of England and Ireland, which is empowered to make rules and orders to give effect to the provisions of the act; in other words, to make new ecclesiastical laws, All records and documents whatever in the existing ecclesiastical registers are to be sent up, under heavy penalties, to such plates in London and Dublin respectively and under such regulations as a Secretary of State may appoint. Surely so crllde and wild a scheme is more wotliy of a visionary in the days of the Comanonwealth and more fit to be laid before the Long Parliament than to be presented to the House of Lords in the year of grace, 1856, under the auspices of the Lord High Chancellor. It was the boast of the Reformers that, in acknowledging the supremacy of the Crown, they did not sacrifice the liberties of the church, and that the episcopal form of government was maintained in its integrity, and at the same time reconciled with the title of Her Majesty to the chief government of all estates of the realm by the establishment of a final appeal fiom the Archbishop's Court to the Queen in Coumcil. It is now, however, proposed to efface all the well-known lieaments of the episcopal form of government, and, in lieu of the diocesan authorities, to set up a central body more like the Congregation of the Hloly Office in Rome than any other Christian institution; and this notable project of the Lord Chancellor's has not-even.the merit of originalty, inasmuch as it formed the substance of a pamphlet submitted last year by a legal gentleman to the notice of the English archbishops and bishops, who unanimously rejected it as fundamentally at variance with the frst principles of the episcopacy. I am. Sir. vours. &Tc.. CIVILI-AN.
UNIVERSITY INTELLIGEANCE. OXFORD, APRIL 14. In a cong-reg-ation to be hek(i on Thursday, April 17, at 2 o'clock, a form of sAtatte on the subject of the University Bedels wvill he promuilgated. The clause assigning to the Beclelsthe office of "tscribe" has beeni withdrawn in deferance to the vote of Convocation last Term. The Regius Professor of Greek- (Mrr. Jowett) has given notice that lie wil deliver his lectures in the Taylor Building. The Professor of Chymistry (M1r. Broclie) will deliver a course of lectures introcluctory to the study of chyinistry in the lecture-room of Balliol College, comnunencing on Tuesday, t-he 29th of Apil at 9 o'clock. The course wil be continu;d on the succeeding Frzidays and Tuesdays at the same hour, andl will be free to all mnembers of the University. The Vice-Chancellor has given niotice that the subject of the Arnoldl Prize for the year 1857 is to be "IThe Condfition of Athiens in thle Timie of Demetrius Phalareus." EnnAvUas.-The new member of Council elected to take the place of the Rev. J. B. Mozley -was 'erroneously styled in ur paper of yesterday "Ithe Rev. J. J. Randolph." Mr. Rnoph i not in orders.
THE IAONUAENT AT SEBASTOPOL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIM2S. Sir,-As I observe in Thet Times of to-day that Mr. Money declares himself unable to supply further information respecting the hero of the monument at Sebastopol, I beg permission to answer the inquiries of your correspondent of Friday. The inscription on the monument at Sebastopol was " Kazarskomu. Potomstvu v' premayr. 1S34 Goda." "To Kazarsky. As an example to posterity. 1S34." It was erected in honour of Alexander Ivanovich Kazarsky, who died on the 10th of June, 1833 (old style), at the age of .33, at Nicholaieff, where he is buried. Kararsky -was in 1829 in command of the Russian 1S-gun brig Mercury, which Was cruisingin company withthe frigateStandardandthebrig Orpheus, neartheBiosphorus, onthel4th of May(oldstyle),when t.hey w.ere descried by the Turkish fleet in great force, which gave chase. The other Russian vesse]s escaped into the port of Sizopol, w here the Russian fleet was thenlying,; but the *Mercury, seprasted from its companions, was overtaken by the two best sailers inthe Turkish fleet, one vessel bearing the flag of the Capitan Pasha, of 110 guns, and another of 74. Kasarsky, finding it impossible to escape an action, called a couneil of war, at which one of the officers, Prokophyer, proposed to blow the brig into the air. It was unanimously agreed that this should be done, but not till they had defended the brig to the utmost ; but that -when it could be defended no longer they should grapple with one of the enemv's ships and blow up the powder mlagazine. In a short time the Turkish vessels were both within shot, one on each side of the Mercury, and the Russians were summoned from the CapitanPasha to strike their flag. They replied wvith a discharge of all arms, and a fight began which lasted three hours, the result of which, owing to the skilful manceuvring and the desperate bravery of Kazarskts crew was that first the Capitan Pasha's vessel and then the 74 relinquished the contest, leaving the 3Mercury to maL-c the best of its way home. TheEmperor Kicholas promoted Kazaraky for the action, made him a Knight of St. George, of the fourth class, allowed to the whole of the officers and crew a double pension, and decreed that for the fnLture one brig in the Russian service should always bear the name of the Mercury, " that the memory of such distinguished services, descending for ever from generation to generation, should serve as an example to posterity." This information is taken from the life of Xazarskl in 27e Russian Military Lexicon, published at St. Peters mg in 1542, a copy of which is in the library of the British Museum (press mark 8828 f). It seems to have escaped notice that while in the Crystal Palace at Sydenham a Russian book is shown under a glass case as a curiosity, the British Museum contains a collection of Russian literature -which is probably the largest and completest to be found in any non-Slavonic country. The best Russian geographical and biographical dictionaries, the best works on the history, topography, and antiquities of the empire-some of them of the most splendid description-the standard worLs in literature, the leading periodicals of general interest, are all to be found on the shelves of the MlIuseum, where there is a complete mine of information of all kinds for those who are able to read the Russian language. It might be wellworththe attention of some of our literary men to make themselves acquainted with Russian1 for the purpose of bringing this information before Us English pulDlC. I am, Sir, your humble servaut, W. I apZLL l*.
- - - COURT RCUrnAB.- We have authority to state that the Qneen's Ball, announeed for Friday, the 6th of June, is to takhe place on Tuesdiv, the 17th of June next. Her _Ab,:'-sty and his Royal Highness the Pnice Consort. rode on hors23aeta yesterday morning, accompai ed by the Princess Ajice, And attended by the Equetnies in Waiting. Prince Albert afterwardis fade out witi -the Yrldie of Wales and Prince Alfred, attended by colonel F. R. Say. mour. Prince Ernest of Leiningen has left Buc1dingbh Palae9 for Portmoouth. The Queen has given sittings to Mr. Noble for a colosal bust for the Town-hall of MIanchester. Prince Leopold took- a drive in a carriage and four. Her Majesty had a dinner part- in the evening. The company included their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Kent and the Princess Royal, the Belgian Minister asd M1adame Van de Weyer, Lady Fanny Howard, Baroness de Spaeth, Earl and Lady Constance Grosvenor, Viscount and Viscountess Emlyn, Major-General the Hon. Charles Grey, Sir George Couper, and Lieutenant-Colonel Maude, Royal Artillery. The band of the Scots Fusileer Guards attended during dinner. The Queen's private band afterwards attended in Bnckingham Palace and played the following pieces:- Overture, "Le Fidele erger". Adam. Terzetto. "cosF a3TuFtts_-. *re-rt. March, " ZaYre". . sroyalMigesstce Duke of Sa3e-Coburc. Couplets" VEtoOe du Nord" .. , ., Meycrbeer. Chorus ofSoldiers " FalL-mers raut' .. .. Mrarsshnern Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent and his Sereue Highness Prince Ernest Leiningen went to Kew yesterday and visited their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Cambridge and the Princess Mary. A deputation of coroners had an interview with Sir G. Grey yesterday at the Home-office. The deputation consisted of Messrs. T. Wakley, Middlesex; R. Bremridge, Devonshire; T. x. Phillips, Staffordslire; George Overton, Glamorganshire; BrDues Fry, Somersetshire; John Wood, jun., Suffolk; Joseph Lovegrove, william Gaisford, and J. G. Ball, Glocestershire; Thomas Hughes, R1on. month; William Newton, Nottinghamshire; Rupert Clarke, Berkshire; J. H. Todd, Hauipshire ; and Mr. S. F. Iangham, jun., deputy-coroner for Westminster, and secretary of the Coroners' Society. A committee of the governors of Wellington College met yesterday in the Palace of Westminster, for the par. pose of making arrangements for the ceremony of laying the frst stone of the college by the Queen on the 3d of May. Present-the Earl of Derby, the Rev. G. R. Gleig,ltfr Cox, and M1r. Chance, secretary. A deputation on matters connected with the Fishing Board in Scotland had an interviewv vith the Chancellor of the Exchequer yesterday at his official residence ia Downing-street. The deputation consisted of the Lord Advocate, Lord Stafford, Lord Duncan, Sir H. Ferguson Davie, Mesars. Dunlop, Smollett, Baxter, E. Ellice, jun., Traill, Dundas, and George Duff. A deputationfrom the towvn-council of Preston, on the subject of the Police Bill, had an interview with Sir George Grey on Saturday at the Home-office. The deputation consisted of the MWayor of Preston, MWr. Alderman Monk-, Mr. Alderman Catterall, the Ton Clerk, and Colonel Wiisaz Patten, .iWP. Mr. John Wood,' Chairman of the Board of Inland Revenue, and Mr. Pressly had an interview yesterday with the Chancellor of the Exchequer. TheJudicial Comittee of the Privy Council sat yesterday, and resumed and concluded the hearing of an appeal fromBombay, "rdaseer Cursetjee v. Perozeboye." The Lords present were the Chancellor of the flachy of Cornwall,-the Judge of the Admiralty Court, Sir E. Ryan, and SirrL. PeeL. Despatchesfrom the Governorsof the WestIndia colonies were received yesterday at the Colonial-office. Despatches from the Governor of the Cape of Goodc Hope were received on Saturday at the Colonial-office.
TSIE NornI-WEST OF CAxAi .-Until -within a few years past the whole coast of Lake Superior and the country ling adjacent was either wholly unknown, or regarded as a bleak and barren wild, presenting no induce. muents to the settler, andwhichwouldonly become the abode of civilized man at some remote period, when the redundancy of population should enforce the necessity of seekIng new fields. Eivennow the knowledge of the nataral features and capabilities of that portion of British territory lying within the northern shores of Lakes Huron .and Superior is ccnfined to but a small number of hardy adventurers, who have been attracted to its coasts by the reports of mineral wealth said to exist there. This coast extends from the Georgian Bay to the western portion of Lake Superior, pre. senting a range of about 1,000 miles, which is washed by the vaves of the largest lakes in the world. The difficulty, and, it. may be added, the expense and loss of time consequent upon an excursion along these coasts have prevented the seeker of a new home pushing his researches into that region. A mistaken opinion seems to prevail that the country, however it may abound inmineral resources, is not adapted to agricultural pursuits. But in many places the heavy and luxuriant growth of vegetation sufficiently attests the fertility of the soil; thevarious grasses, oats, barley, and all the esculent roots grow with rapidity and at. tain an excellence not inferior to similar productionsilL regions reputed to be much more favourable to agriculture. There can be but little doubt that when the application of industryandskill shall developethe latentvirtuesof the soil, portions of this region will prove to be as desirable for agricultural settlement as many of those points which have more largely attracted the tide of immigration. It is not alone to agriculturists, however, that this north shore of the great lakes offers inducements. The timber is, in some places, not quite so large as thattobefound further to the south- yet great forests are not wanting, and it is evident that the demand for timber in the easter cities and on the prairies will compel the lumberman to seek food for his axe wherever it is to be found. The fisheries, too, along the shore are as valuable as any in the 'world. They are resorted to by Americans in large numbers, and must ultimately prove a source of great wealth to the country. It is, however, to the mineral resources of this great tract that we must look for its highest development. From one end of the coast to the other it is rich incopper and other ores-rich to an extent which cannot be yet estimated, simply because it has never been explored. It is in no sense inferior to the American side of the lakes in this respect, so far as slight examinations have proved - enterprise to enter upon mining undertakings is alone required to make the north shore a source of wealth, as great as that which is derived from the south. Mining operations, conducted in a legitimate manner, are calculated to aszist all other branches of indaustry in this region. Agriculturists will find amarket fortheirproduce at the mines better than in far distant cities; fishermen will be in a similar position, and timber is one of the necessities of the seeker after metals. The natural resources of the country are unbounded, and they are provided, like all the gifts of Providence, vwith a distinct reference to each other, which mak-es them doubly valuable.-Yoronto Globe. We are requested to state that Txr. Cayley has been prevented returning to his Parliamentary duties since the Easter holvdaysby successive relapses of influenza, which have detained hima in Yorkshire. The hon. member is still confined to his rooni, although slowly improving. REPORT o0r PRssows..-A small blue-book of 70 pages contains the 21st report of the Inspectors of Prisons in Scotland, addressed to the Secretary of State for the Home Department, and dated the 25th of February, 1856. The general report simply states that the prisons of Scotland, with very few exceptions, continue to be in good order and under excellent management, the only marked exception being the prisons in English counties annexed to the district, and especially the borough gaol of Nnwcastle-on-Tiync; to the separate report on -which thc attention of Sir G. Grey is particularly directed. Seventeen reformatory institutions in this district were also inspected during the year. A considerable decrease of criminal commitments is reported, the number last year having only amounted to 20,328 against 23,212 in 1854. The health of the pFrsoners bas generally been remarLably good, and an effectual remedy forthat disgusting disease, the itch, has been most successfully applied. For this remedy the prisoners are indebted to Mr. George hhaw, surgeon of the Durham County Prison. The patient is first well washed with soap and warm water in n hot bath. On leaving the bath he is slightly dried, and then every part of the body is well rubbed with a flannel, sprinrkled with fine sand, until not a spot is to be seen. This scouring is carried on to the extent of making the skin tender and sensitive, but not painfuL The patient is then well rabbed before a hot fire with the compound soulphur ointment for 30 or 40 minutes, and afterw;ards well washed, when he is esefeetly cured of his itch. This treatment is infallible. The dung eon at Newcastlet already referred to, is worthy of the dark ages, and truly disgraceful to a civilized country. One female prsoner there, whose offence is by no means clear, was ordereda shower bath, and on refusing to submit she was locked up in a dark cell for three days. The "showerbath" is a commonpunishment in this prison; another, adopted for the silencing of noisy offenders, consists in the placing of a head-piece or muzzle upon them, which prevents them from shouting, but allows them (so it is said) to respire freely. The prison, vwhen visited, was always in a mostunsatis. factory state and fearfully overcrowded. In the Durham county prison, some of the debtors complain that they are not allowed a sufficiency of fresh air. Juvenile offenders, under the new act, are frequently whipped in prison by sentence of courts. Wipping alone, without imprisonment, appears to be the most effectual punishment. TnsE CO1.PT or CnAcEty.-The total receipts ort account of ithe Suitors' Fund of the Court of Chancery in the year ending October 1st, 1855, amounted to 140,8521., and the payments tol 19,7101., leaving abalance of 21,1411. The receipts of the Suitors' Fee Fund -were 201,2421., and tiho payments 159,4161., leaving a balance of 41,8261. APoTcA.nE'-ARAr.x-.-The following are the names of the gentlemen who passed their examination in the science and practice of medicine, and received certificates to practise, on Thursday, April 10:-Alfred Baynard Duffin, 14, Laugham-place, London; Charles fenry Slaughter, Farningham, gent; John Angus, 66, Frithstreet, Aberdeen; James Foster Gray, Leicester; Wlllia I Eiott Porter, Sandown, Isle of Wight, William Browix Ar-ninson, Garstang, Lancashire; John Hugblings Jackson, Green ammond, Yormshire; Thomas lender, Alnyricir, Northu mb erland. PooR IThw Bim.-A bill brought in by Mr. Bouverie and Mr. Grenvilie Berieley provides for the relief of the poor in places extra-parochial, by annexing sach places to tlh adjacent parishes. Where the populatiz exceeds 300 the place ill bccren a parish of itCqf
FOREIGN INTELLIGBENCE. [Aportgon of the following appeared in our second cdiUonof yesterday:-I THE OVERLAND iAIL. I (BY su3XEiE AzD BRmSiH TELEGRAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic ineseage from Triestoe- "TPJE:STE, Mromnt. "IThe steamer Australia arrived this morning from Alexandria in 114 hours. "The Indian Mail left Alexandria on the 9th Inst., with dates from Calcutta to the 10th and Bombay the 19th of Mlarch. c Oucde was quite tranquil. "Trade dull. Exchange at Calcutta, 2s. 21d. cLord Dalhousie arrived at Suez on the 2d, and left Alexandria by the Caradoc on the 7th inst."
-p a NTOM (rR0of 0 UR 0W COMMSPONDET-.) PAMIS, SVNYDAY, ArRIL 13, 6 P.3. Contrary to general expectation, the Congress did not meet yesterday. Had the sitting taken place more would have been said on the Italian question. They meet again to-morrowv, and a]so on Tuesday and Wednesday, when, in all probability, the deliberations will be brought to a, close, and on Friday it is believed that Lord Clarendon will leave for tondon. Count Orloff and Aali Pasha are expected to remain some time longer; but the Austrian, Sardinian. and Prussian Plenipotentiaries will make no further stay in Paris. I have reason to believe that the protocols will be found to contain something with reference to Italy. It was understood and agreed upon at the opening of the conferences that whatever conversations might take place, and wlhich were not intended to be included in the protocols, should be kept secret throughout; and it is affirmed that this engagement has not been so rigorouslykept as was intended. That is the affair of the Congress itself; and if any complaint be made that some portion of what passed hastranspired it wvould imply the general accuracy of what has been communicated to the public. The Siecle of this day contains an article which woould corroborate much of what many days ago I *was enabled to conuninicate to yolu, particularly with reference to the Italian qulestion. TheDibatshasalso a long articlepresenting a similar confirmation, but it denies that any formal note ormemorandumhasbeenlaidbefore the Congress on Italy. It may be true, so far as the Congress is concerned, that no formal proposition or demand in writing has been submitted, but I see no reason to retract what I said on a former occasion about a memorandum having been drawn up for the Emperor before the Plenipotentiaries met; but, whether the Italian question be treated in the protocols or not, it is undeniable that it has occupied for several days consecutively, and may again occupy, the attention of the Plenipotentiaries; and it canrot be doubted that the opinions expressed on so solemn an ocecasion as the present w-,l bear their fruit sooner or later. I told you in a recent letter that the subject was earnestly-I might say warmly-discussed in the sitting of Thursday, and that it was to be resumed yesterday, had there been a meeting. According to the version I have alluded to it was Mr. Walewski who opened the subject, by announcingthat the French Government had resolved on withdrawing their troops from Greece; he at the same time expressed the hope that Austria would imitate the example, and withdraw her army, which had nowv for so many years, been established in the Roman Legations, as it was impossible Italy could remain in her present condition-a condition which was growing worse every day. Count Buol disputed the identity of the two questions. Greece was occupied by French troops rather for a personal or particular object than in accordance with any express desire of the Greek Government. The Austrian troops, on the contrary, occupied the Legations not merely with the assent, but at the earnest desire, of the Pontifical Government; and he was not aware that His Holiness had asyet intimated his conviction that he could EO confide in the loyalty and affection of his people as to dispense wiith their presence; consequently, the evacuation of that part of the Roman States could not be considered as of necessity foHowing that of Greece by the allies. He added, that on this particular point, which hardly entered within the circle of the functions of the Congress, he had no instructions whatever from theEmperor his master. Nevertheless, he gave it as his own opinion that the condition of the Legations was such as to necessitate a continued occupation. The English Plenipotentiary is said to have warmly seconded the views put forth by Count Walewski. He dwelt on the mutility of such occupation, from the continued increase of agitation, and the multiplicity of crime. Ile denied that the presence of foreign troops afforded any remedy for the state of things ; and said that the only and the best remedy w-as to be found, as Piedmont had previously shown, in a liberal amnesty and a reform of civil and political institutions. He also alluded to the state of Naples, and observed that the mode of governing that country had become intolerable. It was natural that when the name of Piedmont vas mentioned its representative in the Congress should not remain silent. M. Cavour addressed the meeting for sometime, and, examining the question merely in a conservative point of viewv, pointed emphatically to the dangers which would ensue to public order if a system of continuous repression were persevered in, and if somethiina were not done to satisfy the just claim of the country to a participation in civil and political liberty. I have already wvritten at some leng,th on the question of the Danubian Principalities. Tiurkey is said to refuse her assent to the union of the Principalities, and is rather difficult to deal with on other points relating to them. It is to be hoped she will show to her friends, who have done so much for her, a little of that yielding temper she was wont to exhibit so largely to her enemy. England and France desire only her good; what Russia required is proved by the late *war. She is in error if she thinks that w-ith the disappearance of Russian forts and armaments from the Black Sea all danger has passed over, and for ever. As I mentioned before, the question of the territorial rectification will be settled on the spot by the mined Comnmission named ad hoc. The same Commission will afterwards examine into the condition of the AMoldo-Wallachian population, and ascertain their wants and wishes. A report wvill be presented thereon to the Congress. A Divan will be named for each Principality to report on the same subject. These reports will be submitted to the Sultan as Suzerain of the Principalities, and will in turn be communilcatedto the Congress, and, withboth documents before it, it will then decide on the reforms necessary to be made in the administration of those countries. I have stated that Vednesday wouild in al likelihood be the last day of meeting of the Congress. The subsequent sittings will be those of the second Plenipotentiaries, who are charged with the exchange of the ratifications of the treaty of peace. Those ratifications are expected in Paris on the 26th. They will be despatched from Constantinople on the 1Gth, and will probably be brouglht by the same packet which took out the treaty of peace. The Moniteur alludes to the banquet given yesterday by the Emperor to the members of the Congress, Mlinisters, and various dignitaries. It took place in the Salle des Marechaux, and was of the most magnificent description. The choruses of the Conserva. toire and the band of the Guides performed during the banquet, and the effect of the voices of the former from the gallery which sweeps rouncl that gorgeous hall was most beautiful. As soon as the Empress is in a condition to move orLt she will take up her residence at St. Cloud, and remain there till the middle or end of June, -when the ceremony of the baptism of the Imperial Prince will take place. She -ill then proceed to the south for sea-bathing. Preparations are already making at Biarritz for her reception. A grand dinner will be given to-morrow at the Hotel de Ville to the Plenipotentiaries and various other distinguished personages. It is calculated by- those who are curious in culinary statistics that the expense of the dinner will come to 500f. a-head, or rather mouth ! The Plenipotentiaries] whatever else they may have cause to find fault with, have no reason to complain of French hospiI- tahty. The Prefect will have a reception the same evening, and a dramatic piece will be performed. - Count Orloff, it is said, contemplates something grand in the dinner way, so soon as the Russian :mbas& recovers from the measles. A telegraphio despatch from Berlin, of the 12th inst., announces that on the 6th, the festivity of the Annunciation of the Virgin, 'the Emperor held a grand levee at St. Petersburg, and that a solenmn Te Dense was slung for' the conclusion of peace betwveen the belligerent Powers. TBE MEDITERRANEAN. (FROM OUlR OWN CORRESPONDEMIT.) - MARSETIE1, APRL 11. More than ordinary precautions are being taluen not only at Marseilles, but at Toulon, to prevent the introduction of the Crimean fever into France. The British stearmer Columbian, Captain. Atkins, which sailed from Constantinople on the 25th of 31arch, having on board 332 French soldiers discharged from the hospitals, arrived here to-day, carrying the yeUow flag at the foretopmast. On her passage from Constantinople to Malta, which'she reached on the 1st, she lost several of her passengers by sickness. She left at Malta 22 soldiers and 10 of her crew seriously indisposed. Before her arrival at Toulon she lost more soldiers, and having landed 40 others she was placed in quarantine. She sailed from Toulon this morning, still in quarantine. Shortly after her arrival in the port bf the Joliette the Prefect of the Department, driving round the harbour, observed the Columbian, and immediately called to the officer of health on duty to know the reason why a ship carrying the yellow flag should be suffered in the port. It was explained to him that, having lost a number of soldiers on her passage by sickness, she had been placed in quarantine at Toulon, and was now proceeding to land the remainder of her passengers at the lazaretto of the Frioul. The Prefect was much gratified at seeing the Colunbian steam out of the harbour. The British steamer City of Washington, towing the clipper lord Dalbousie, arrivedc at the Frioul this mzorning from Constantinople, having landed their military passengers at Port I Vendres. When fumigated these vessels will be 1 admitted to pratique. The City of Washington left some of her crew at the hospital In the Frioul, who had been attacked with fever on their passage. The steamer NeTw Ylork, of Glasgow" , Captain Craig, which sailed with 333 invalidsffromConstantinople on the 23d March, arrived here on Saturday last from Toulon, where she was placed in quarantine for three days, having lost one of her passengers on her voyage. She brought to Marseilles 200 tons of bomb-shells. The British steamer lIammonia arrived here from Constantinople on Mionday, with 208 military passengers and a quantity of Russian shot and shell. She wvas adnitted to pratique after a few hours' detention at the Frioul. The French strampacket Meandre, which arrived here in the midst of a heavy gale of wind on Monday, bringing the Constantinople mails of the 31st ult., was, in consequence of sickness on board, sent to the Frioul, to be purified. The passengers, with the exception of the Queen's messenger, were not permitted to land until Tuesday morning. A number of Gendarmerie, who have arrived here from Paris, keep, with the aid of the local police, a sharp look-out, and closely examine all soldiers arriving here froma Constantinople. Another expedition is about to be undertaken ag,ainst the Rabyles, and troops are being despatched for that purpose. The French steamer Henri IV. sailed for Algiers this afternoon, heavily laden with troops and military stores. There is as much activity at present displayed, and as many artillerymenand horses employed on the quay of the Joliette, as at any period during the war, with the difference that formerly the men andhorses were employed in embarkig military stores for the Crimea, while nov they are as busy landing Russian cannon, shot, and shel, and piling them up in the artillery-ground, where they are attaining formidable proportions. Marseilles, of whose want of hospitality strangers sometimes complain, is becoming somewhat lively. MBadame Leon Gay, wife of the eminent banker, opened her splendid salons last evening to hernumerous friends. There was some excellent music, after which a collection was made in aid of a highly meritorious charitable institution-the foundation for hospita nurses. RUJSSIA. (FROM OIIR OWN CORuISPONDENT.) BERLh?, AriertL 12. The followmig extract from the Niorthern Bee will, perhaps, somewhat damp the ardour of our speculators, who seem so anxions now to make up for. the two years' interruption of their trade with Russia, by launching at once into mot liberal purchases from that country "Telegraphic despltches from London mention that in consequence of the news of peace the prices of Russian produce had fallen considerably, in the expectation that Russia has got large quantities (of goods) at her disposal, vhich she will be ready to part with at half price. This idea of thte English speculators is, however, perfectly groundless, since during the whole of the war all superfluous Russian produce has constantly been exported, and. for the most part to England; there are therefore no large stocks to spare to be reckoned on; what there is on hand will not be sold cheap. The last prices of tallow we're 139 paper roubles per berkowitz; in the interior the prices have risen from 10-11 to 13-14 paper roubles. In the same way, also, the prices of hemp, flax, and other goods have risen at the places where they are produced. People imagine in England that Russia is in a position to export enormons quantities of grain, but this is an error; Russia can only export such quantities as are nowlying at the different ports or their immediate neighbourhoods-such, cr. gra., as was sent off from the interior last autumn, and had been detained on the road; to send corn now from the interior to the ports in the north for this year's navigation is impossible, because, in the absence of railroads, this must always take place as early as autumn or the beginning of the winter preceding its export. In the southern ports, perhaps, a larger sale of grain may be possible ; but from there we have reliable information that the greater portion of what is on hand is already purchased for French account. The peace is in so far a blessing for England that in case of her having an iasudilcient harvest this year Russia ean supply her aext autumn and the following spring with an ample quantity of corn at lower prices than she is paying for American grain." At first sight this appeaued to me a mere comniercial trick to keep up the prices of Russian produce in London, and consequently in St. Petersburg, 'with a side puff of the necessity of railways in Russia, with Englishmen to build them; but various indications tend to confirm the statements as correct. The harbour at Odessa has been reopened to merchant vessels, and on the 0th inst. the first two entered. From this port, also, commercial advices state pretty much the same as the above extract from the Northern Bee. Thus, a letter from that place, dated about the end of lMarch, says:- " The expectations of peace have induced many merchants to charter vessels for Odessa, on the condition that, in case of the war not coming to an end, the charter-party is to be considered invalid. As there are very small stocks ofE ex. port goods on hand, and many moniths will probably elapse before they can be accumulated in any quanxtity, very few slhipswill at first be able to find cargoes. . . In the ports of the Sea of Azoff there are, it is true, considerable stocks of corn on hand; but the allies have destroyed all the arrangements for landing and loading, so that the masters of vessels will for a long time have a number of unexpected hindrances to struggle with." A great deal is hoped and expected here in the way of approaching reforms in the fiscal economy of Russia; and sonie persons are so far misled by their hopes as to regard the removal of the prohibition of the export of corn as the forerunner of a nuimerous series of ameliorations. It appears as if representations on this head were by no means wanting on the part of the Governmients of Austria and Prussia; these representations are even dignified with the name of negotiations, and it is said that | the Governments are no longer asking as a favour, but demanding as a righlt, the fidfilment of the stipulations made in the various treaties of 1815, 1818, and 1825. There is, however, no clhance that any material alteration will take place in thris, respect until the Russian Government, after a series of timid trials with single articles, which they generally make for three years at a time, acquires the conviction that its trade and manufactures will be benefited by the individual change. All that is to be expected of the present movement, and of thg interest and attention bestowed on it in Government circles in St. Petersburg, is the loweringof Customs' duties on certain articles that Russia herself cannotproduce and some increased facilities for the transaction of business connected with the Customs. All th itiereased facilities that Russia accorded on the Pi-ussian frontier during the,blockade were confined to the import auties of colonial pro. duce which Russia wanted, but which Prussia could not supply, exceiit by transit from England. On another field-that of intellectual developmaent-it appeirs tlhatt Russia is about to take some bold stEi'ps. The Emperor is said to be devoid of all apprehension that -the extended knowledgeI of the customs, laws, and. learning of other countries. vil be injurious: to 'theRussian element or -pkduce injarious fesuits'to the -Russian empire; and' it is confidently expected that young men will 'be permitted in considerable numbers to finish theirs 'education abroad, and that nen of letters and of "ence in Russiaw vill be Assisted by the Govern-l Cmeit in. visiting the various seats of learning in: 'urope; - The greatest chahge of al oil this field of 'sobial development isthe-approachingformationof: rpubli6 schools for girls, by-whichl means the daughters of the middle classes will have as good an opportunity of obtaining an education as those of the [noble classes in the conventual schools, without the [disadvantage of being separated from home and parents. 'The terms of the peace are gencrally considered in St. Petersburg as favourable; and there is no backwardness on- the part of the Russians in expressing their acknowledgments to France for the result. Thley do not fail, at the same- time, to indicate it s 'the payment of a-debt of. gratitude due byFrance to Alexander I. The Invalide frankly expresses its I satisfaction that the series of despatches published by it is not to extend beyond No. 408 (the- number 'of-the last one published). :The Emperor is - represented as very well satisfied withliis. trip toFinland. 'The number of judgments pronounced by courtsmartial -there which he had to confirm show that his satisfaction was not entirely unalloyed. A- civil officer named Fournier has been dismissed for em'bezzlement of State moneys. Prince Gortschakoff has lately had the satisfaction of seeing a plan carried out in Warsaw forwhioh for mmany years he was very activelyiniterested-namely, the erection of *vaterworks, which a countryman I of ours (Head) has recently completed. A few days back the various fountains in the town were made to playfor the first time. The last news we have of him reports him to have made known to the syndics of the Exchange that there will very soon be extensive undertakings commenced in Poland and Russia ; that moneyed men will consult their own interests,and show themselves true patriots, and, moreover, acquire a title to the Emperor's gratitude if they take care that when these undertakings are made know n there is no want of money. He gave them to understand that the Emperor was determined not to let the manufactures and the fmances of the country fall a prey to foreigners; he was determined to open up the resources of the coumtry, which was so rich in them. It is believed in Warsaw that the undertakings so mysteriously alluded to consist of railroads and certain canals that were already designed under Alexander I., but never ca=ried out. WMhat a melancholy thing it is that our countrymen seem equally determined to come between the E>.mperor and the patriotism of his subjects, anda deprive the latter of this opportunity of puttingRussia speedily inlto aposition to recommence war under more favourable circumstances !I The fleet being fitted out at Cronstadt for the conveyance of the Enperor to England and France turIns out to be a flotilla to conduct the EmpressMother to Stettin, on her way to visit her family here. It is believed that she -will retarn to be present at the coronation solemnities in Mloscow, and repair again to Palermo, where she will spend the winter, as she did once before. An order has arrived here (Berlin) for 18,000 els of gold lace for the liveries of the Imperial servants on occasion of the approaching coronation; as a natural consequence of the restrictive guild system which the industrial classes have reintroduced into Prussia, there are not hands enough to be found in Berlin to turn out the quantity. One cannot read any amount of Russian newspapers or correspondence without observing how entirely the nation is now setting its heart upon France, which is to procure for her all sorts of blessings in continuation of the excellent terms she has procured for Russia in the late peace negotiations. As the French Government ha3 decreed the duty-free importation of raw cotton for three years when destined to the production of sailcloth, the Russians are most anxious to draw the attention of their dear friends and quondaim enemies to the Russian sailcloth, made of a mixture of flax and hemp, and said to be more durable than that made of cotton; and if France can't be got to take the woven goods, it must be made her interest at least to take the raw materials. Baron Korff, Director of the Itmperial Library at St. Petersburg, has maade known that the original manuscript of Ober-on is safe and sound in his keeping. It consists of 219 pages, all written solely in Weber's hand, notes and text together, wvith a number of marginal notes, from which one learns that the overture was finished in London April 9, 1826, and the rest between 1825 and 1826, partly in Dresden and partly in London. What Baron Koriff does not mention is that this original score was destined by Weber's widow and son to be presented to the Queen of England; that, howvever, Staatsrath Kupfer persuaded the now only suviving son to present it to the Emperor of Russia, and axfter having it handsomely bound for that purpose, by holding out to him the exp)ectation of a rich Imnperial present in return. WVhat he really received was a few lines from Count Adlerberg, ex-. pressing the Emperor's (iNicholas's) thanks for the present. There is some talk of the Emperor's availinghimself of his mother's stay at Wildbad to pay a visit to Germany this summer, and people even give their fancy so much rein as to contemplate his visiting the present Emperor of the French. I have not yet heard of any substantial ground for the report. The St. Petersburg journals of the 5th inst publish the following official notification of the Minister of Finance - " The treaty signed at Paris on the 18th (30th) of 1'arch re-establishes between Russia on the one hand, and France, Great Britain, Sardinia, and Turkey on the other, tho relations of peace which had been interrupted by war. t' Our commercial relations with the said Powers who were at war with us being, consequent upon this event, also re-established on the ancient footing, their ships of commerce will henceforth again be freely admitted into our ports, in like manner as vessels umder the Russian com. mercial flag will, as heretofore, be freely admitted into the ports of the said Powers. "'The Minister of Finance makes the above officially known to commerce." The official journal adds "On the 23d of March (4th of April) the Emperor deigned to authorize from that day the free exportation from the empire to foreign countries of every species of grain, according to the regulations previously established.".
Tim REV. G. C. GORMa101 AND MS PARISHIONERS&. -We have received a long letter from the Rev. G. C. Gorham, vicar of Bramford-Speke (Devon), in answer to a Eararaph recently inserted in 7ie Times under the above headig. The paragraph was to the effect that Mr. Gorhamn had had a "violent rupture" with " a large n umber of his parishioners," and that one of the churchwardens (a Mi. Carter)had institutedproceedings against the rev. gentleman for " brawling" in church. We are assured by Mr. Gorhara, in reply, that this "violent rupture" is only a delusive expressmn to cover three riotous vestry meetngs vwhich toolk place at Bramford-Speke in Easiter week and the following, at the instigation, as it would appear, of a very insignificant. sectonof the parishioners (about seven in number), who have combined, in defiance of the law, to withhold from their incumbent his tithe rent-charge, with the avowed. object of provoking the rev. gentleman to take legal proceedings, and so incur the risk of unpopularity fn answer to the gross misrepresentations of these enemies of Mr. Gorham is adduced the evidence of two gentlemen (the only inhabitants of that class in the parish), who have declared, both to Mr. Gorham an'd to others, that at all the meetings in question " his conduct as vicar and chairman was irreproachable, under the greatest provocation, and amid a scene of disorder, vulgarity, aiid abuse such as they had never before witnessed." With the great majority of his parishioners Mr. Gorham is on the most friendly and even affectionate terms; and so much for the allegation of a " violent rupture" between them. As regards the charge of " brawling," Mtr. Gorham shows that it is utterly groundless. It appears that on Eastereven Mr. Gorhami objected to sigtn a certain offensive, if not llHegal (additional), notice (afixeed to the regular one, convening the vestry meeting in Easter week), and required the churchwarden who brought it either to withraw the paper or so to separate it from the other notice as to enable Alr. Gorham and the second' churchwarden to sign that part which was regular and decorous. The churchwarden retired, but did not returq. On the morning of Easter-day M2Tr. Gorham, on passing through the porch before the service, was astonished to see the objectionable notice posted up in defiance of his remaonstrance. On his wvay to the vestry, therefore, the rev. gentleman requested the hostile churchwarden to bring the notice into the vestry for his signature to the first part of it, usmig no provoking words, as falsely alleged, but merely reminding the man of his responsibility to the Archdeacon for, a proper discharge of his office. The churchwarden obeyed, but not without a " pert reply in the church," and in a few days Mr. Gorham received a notice of prosecutioi -for "brawling," unless he would "arrange the matter oiat of court." iMr. Gorham replied that he was quite prepared .-to:defend himself, and has since heard no more of this II dle threat." In publishing this explanation we may'at once inform all parties concerned that' we cannot open oar colitmns to any controversy on the subject. Er;A.Tur.-In our notice of the Geological 3!useum yesterday the annual consumption of coal in England was incorrectly stated at 54,00,00Q f:ons; it te&4ll is considerably above 64,000,000O
- MO2TBY-MARlETaud ICIIT-TITELIGENCR. - - ~~~~~Monday Eienlug. The English fmlzds opened' thi. m6rning'-at the finalprices of Saturday, but the mnarket was -dull throughout the day, ana closed at a decline qf an -eighth. Consols for money. Were. first qubted -93 to j, and the last transactions were at 92g to 93 for money, and 931 to j- for the 8th of May.. Bank Stock left off at 2124 to. 2131;_ Reduced, 91k to ~; New Three per Cents., 92k to i ; - India Stock, 227 -to 229; India-bonds, 9s. to 4s. discount; Exchequer-bonds, 98& to i; and, Exchequer-biUs' (Mfarch), Is. to 3s. premiuxm; (June), 3s. to Is. discount. The rate of money in the Stock-Exchange to-day was 6 per cent.,- but there was - no pressing-inquiry for it. In the discount-market tliereq was a rather diminished demand.. The operations in foreign securities -were not eXtensive, but quotations-generally exhibited firmness. Turkish Six per Cents. Waere negotiated at 9S8, g, 99k, 99, and 981 for money, and 99 and 99 for the -account. The Four per Cents. Giiran-ned were dealt i in at 102 and 101 for m6ney, and 1021, i, and _102 for the account. The other business comprised .-Ecuador New Consolidated, 15} '; the Provisional Land Warrant, A ; tIexican, for money, 222 and 7-; Sardinian Five per Cents., 953 and Austrian Five per Cents. (not payable in London), 86. In the corn-market this mrabring there was a decline of 4s. from the rates of Monday last. The Liverpool cotton-market has opened this weevk with great activity, at an advance of id. per pound. The closing quotations of the French Three per 'Cents, on the Paris Bourse this evening were 73f. 15c. for money and 73f. 55c. for the end of the month, showing a decline of a quarter per cent. Although the quotations from PIaris during the past day or two have shownli a little flatness, the letters describe an increase of the mania for speculation. All over the continent a similar tendency is becoming observable, and there are few towns of the slightest importance in. wlich the formation of a Cr6dit Mobilier Bank is not in progress. At Hamburg the pressure for money has further increased, and discount has risen to 6 per cent. The specie by the Atrato from the West Indies consists of 86,6501. gold and 42,3501. silver, making a total of 129,0001. Advices by the Brazilian mail state that the Blackwall, from Port Phillip, left Pernambuco on the 14th of March for London. This vessel has 87,281 ounces of gold, valued at 350,0001. The Victoriaj from Adelaide, also sailed on the same day. The Anglesey and the Statesman, which left Melbourne on the 26th of January for London, are expected to bring an aggregate- of 05,517 ounces of gold, valued at 262,0681., the respective quantities being 51,319 and. 14,198 ounces. The accounts of the state of business in the manufacturing towns during the past week show no alteration, the general firmness manifested in the preceding week being fairly maintained, notwithstanding the absence of improvement in the moneymarket. At Manchester the operations have been on a satisfactory scale, and prices are still tending upward. At Birmingham aU doubt as to the existing rates in the iron-market being upheld throughout the current quarter seems to have beenremoved, a further infilux of orders having occurred. At the Fame time a continued increase is observable in the demand for tin and tin ware. Copper also remains firm. In the general trades of the place the transactions have been to a fair average extent. The Nottingham report describes a slight check to the previous activity, owing to home buyers being unwiBling to pay the high terms required; but the orders from America are good, and manufacturers refuse to make any concession. In the woollen districts there has been no change, and a healthy tone is apparent. The Irish linen-markets havebeen supported by good export orders, and full reliance is placed on the prospect of an increased demand throughout the year. The commercial advices from New York to-day are uninteresting. The stock-market continued inactive. Erie Railway was quoted 57 ; Reading, 921 ; Panama, 104_; and IllUiois Central Bonds, 88 ex. interest. Nicaraguia had declined to 13I. Large shipments of cotton had created a good supply of bills on :England, which tended to limit the shipments of specie. A return of extremely cold weather had exercised an adverse influence on general -business. Efforts have been makina for some time past to obtain a system of registration for the Guaranteed Turkish Bonds, so that holders desirous of placing them in their names or in the names of third parties as trustees might possess the opportunity of doing so. The Governmient were at first applied to, but their answer was that it rested with Turkey; and the Ottoman Minister on Saturday assured a deputation he wvould give his best attention to the subject, and consult wvith the Bank of England. It is contended, however, that the desir-ed object could be at once attained at a saving of much unnecessary trouble and delay by the Bank consenting to receive the bonds in deposit, and to collect the dividends periodically for the persons in whose names they might be held. For customers the service should be performed gratuitously, since it' is one that any ordinaW bank would undeitake, while in the case of other persons a small commission might be charged. The directors of the Russian Railway (Riga and Diinaburg) gave notice this afternoon that they intend to issue their shares " to bearer," and that a deed of settlement will be avoided. The English shareholders of the Tipperary Bank have held several meetings with the view of concerting measures for their own protection in the arrangement of the affairs of that establishment. They are said to have availed themselves of the best advice at the Irish bar, and to have been informed. that several legal points can be raised in resistance of their liabilities. At the same time they express a disposition to deal with the case, if possible, on equitable terms. It is therefore hoped that thecreditors, both in England and Ireland, will eventually agree to a settlement wlhici may in some degree avert the disastrous consequences of this suspension. Subscriptions have been raised in London towards a " Defence Fund," and a commnittee has been formed to conduct negotiations. Some of the shareholders, however, anticipating the worst results from a winding-up, have already left the country to avoid responsibility. In some Benarks on the Latw of Pawtnership and. Limited Liability,* Mr. W. S. Lindsay, while admitbing and illustrating with great force the soundness of the simple principle sought to be established by Mr. Lowe, concurs in an apprehension expressed by many friends of the Government measure that we arm scarcely ripe for it in its uinsopllisticated form, and that umtil the country shall have advanced further in commercial intelligence we shall be obliged to content ourselves with something less.- He has, therefore, wvith the assistaInce of a leading solicitor, who represents protectionist views, but who aclnowledges that a law of limited responsibility should no longer be delayed, drawvn up a bill which he conceives likely to be acceptable as a compromise. The principal concession to the' paternal system of inducing people in giving credit to trust to legislative provisions rather than to their owvn vioilancegrantedi by this bill is a clause for establis~hingr a public register of partnerships; but it is fairly made to include all partnershlips, and not merely those of limited liability. The evils likely to arise from the facilities for fraud w hich such a register wovuld open up were described in Tite Times of the 15th of February; but, if it is to be concecled, coramon justice demands that it shall be in the manner suggested by Mr. Lindsay. The pamphlet, I although avery short one, contains the broad features of the -whole question, the discussion of whicl. it will be very useful in assisting. Mr. Lindsay's own views represenit its true philosophy, while the communication he inserts from the solicitor he consulted gives, although' in their least objectionable form, the arguments of that conservative class who, notwithstanding the humiliating failure of al thek predictions regarding free trade and free navigation, are still as ready as ever to claim deference. In the present case it is even contended that if limitedl liability be g,ranted it must be accepted as a boonnot as aright,-a proposition involving the double fallacy of supposing that it can possibly be proper to concede a point which could not strictly be insisted upon in natural justice, and that it is in the power of a free people to eonfer a boon upon theFnselves.. The subjoined letter framishes a suggestion worthy of attention in connev-ion with the, apparently Ansatisfactory billnow in. progress through Parliament relating to crossed ehecks:- "Sir,-Permit me to inquire whether it is not warrant- ' Effingham Wilson. *ible so to construe the caseobf cossced lchecks, nuder thelbill ,nowin Progress for legalizing them. as to secure more adv.intases than appear avai3able on a superficial viewr.--i "Reqent legal decision's have :declared certain fohner ,pra3tiees, notwithstanding the force of custom, to be in conflict with the law; consequently the. law is to be changed so =as;to legalize the custoni-expressedly to the foUlowing ex_tent1.-'. Hilenceforward draughts to bearer, notwithstanigi tha they be nstanped, shall, if crossed, be payable only to or through one specific class of bearers-bankers Thus the banking class, whose members, have been in the habit of 'either recognizing or ignoring such Sstrictions acroms draughts, sometimnes capriciously, bat-always unsystematica33y -will henceforward losie the option and incur an obligartio'n to restrict payment of crossed checkstorthug s6me banker. * - tb-ou :- " ]Rut payers of money by checkl inteamediately desire the stil further protection of being able fo restrict such payinent to the banker of the payee ; or, the holder of an- open check, fearing to lose it, desires to make-it unavailable excent throngh his own banker. Xay not these. desiderata te obtained under such regulations asthe following?- I"1. Let bankers by concert, refuse to .give credit for checks already crossed to other bankers, except by becoming responsible as towards all-concerned. . 2. In respect of more crossings than onelet'bankers eoiicert and ainounce a regulation to the effect that in the capacity of drawees they will exercise an irresponsible option of refusing payment of'such checks, either absolutely or otherwise than to such banker as they shall elect. " 4 Under such regulations the receiver of the money is identified as responsible through his own agent or banker; whereas the paying banker is absoved if he pay through some banker. "A facile mode of barring protests rnaiht be to print such regulations upon checks intended to be crossed. At present a crossed check can be again rendered an open one by being subscribed ' bank-notes,' ith the drawier's initials; Caution is desirable, lest this useful power of revokdng restrictions be taken aw,ay by the new hi3Ll " Yours, &e., "JA. FRA&NTLlI,Y The departures from the port of -London for theAustralian colonies during the past week have compsised five vessels-three to Port Phillip, one to Sydney, and one to Hobart Town-with an aggregate capacity of 3,622 tons. The rates of freight exhibit no'material variation. The following has been-received in reation-to the circular issued by the directors of the Royal. Mail Steam Company announcing their resignation "3, Threadneedle-street, April'14. "Sir,-As the largest holders of proxies used in favour of the amendment at the recent meetig of. the Roval Mail Steampacket Company, we shall he obliged by .youir givmig us the opportunity of stating that the inferences and conc-.lusions suggested by the resignsing directors in their circular, copied1 into your 'Money Article' this day, are utterly erroneous. The directors were not taken by surprise'; they had deliberate notice of our opposition to the policy we feared they would adopt long before we asked for a single proxy. When we issued a circular to obtain proxies and general support a copy was sent to each of them without a day's delay. Those wsho gave us their proxies lmew well what they were about, and were not likely to have; altered their minds if they had heard all that passed at the ineeting, for at least20 or 30 of them did hear all the debate, and not one of those either withdrew or quali/ied the use of his proxy. Our personal support in the room was far greater than the directors would lead your readers to infer. The directors, instead of having no proxy votes in favour of their report (as a cursory reader of their circular would suppose), had really a great number, for they had fought hard to secure the return of their candidates for the direction, for whom a large number .of proxes were procured, and, to the best of our belief, all those proxies were used in favour of the report; and, although we have pretty good evidence that our majority would not have suffered if all our proxy v oters had heard the whole discussion, it is not so clear -that it might not have been increased if the proxyvoters on the otherside had heard it also, and, as to our opposition to the adjourmment, we need only say that we were not afraid of the effects of the most lucid exposition of the merits of the controversy, but we chose to avoid the deLay of a fortnight, during which we suspect the principal weapon for undermining our strength would have been, not argument, but official and personal influence. I1l"ehave touched on only afew of the prominent erroneous inferences suggested by the retiring directors, but we are unwilling to trespass further on your space; -we shall in a short time distribute to the proprietors a more full reply to the whole of them. "Yours obediently, " EDWARD IESELTDlE. 6" T. W. ROWELL." The annexed are from mining companies " ST. JOsRN DEL REY. " The directors have received advices by the steamer Tay from Brazil, showing the proeduce of the Mforro Velho mines for the mouth of January to be 26,53S oltavas of gold from 7,3SS tons of ore raised, and the profits, 1,5S31. Os. 2d. "FORT BoWM2. "Extract of a letter received, per the Atrato,7from the manager of the Fort Bowen mmies:- "'I s end by this lOOoz. lldwts. 3 grains of golddust, the produce of 13 days' working, but only 10 days' working with the stamps. I have not been able to work the stamps this week, not having a sufficient supply of water for washing the sand as it comes from.the stamps. We have had so much dry weather that the Rio del Rey failed to supply us wvith a sufficiency. "'<'The only station we are working in the mine is the level driving w;est, on the north part of the lode or blue marle. I have now got further west, and deeper than was ever worked before; but still our work ingrs are confined to the north part of the lode. "'The end of the level is now four fathoms west of any former working. I am preparing to most the increase of water in the mine, which I shall turn to an account at the surface by employing it to wash the ores. I have got the amalgamating barrel at work,; but have not distilled any of the mercury."'
2TADE BEPOBT. Mondav Evening. TALLOW.-The market is quiet at 48s. on the spot and for the last three months. Annexed aro the statistics of stocks and prices:- LrvALs Tz tY . Cash. lioia .. .. .. .. .. .. 251 South America . 409 Australia . .97 Otherplaes .. .. .. .. .. 99 Total ..*.. .. .. .. 1,653 With regard to the general state of the trade, the following is from the circular of Messr Colchester and Woolmer :-" Since our last notice the tallow-market has been fim, with a considerable business doing both on the spot and for forward delivery. Towards the close of the week there was, howover, more disposition shown to press sales for delivery in the end of the year, and for that period the price declined to 4Ss. The letters from St. Petersburg quote 138 roubles for delivery in August. lExchange 374 0. To-day there has been but little business doing, something has been done for export, and trifles on the spot at 48s., hardly a transaction has taken place for forward delivery. The closing quotations, are 4s. selles for the last three months, 4Ss.;- for Y:C. on the spot, 47s. 9d.; May and June, 4Gs. 6d., beef, Australlan, 4Ss.; sheep, no good South Americanfor sale; for tow tallow, 48s. ad. net cash is demanded." CoEE.-On the subject of the late sale of Mocha coffee, Messrs. Chenery and Barker wvrite as followvs:" As the buyers of Mocha coffee in Friday's sale at 89s. per cwt., we think we are entitled to request you will correct the report which: states-' 290 packages short berry Mocha realized 64s. to 6Ss. for ordinary to fine;' it should be 64s. to S9s. for ordinary to fine."
GiASGOW, Aprll 2.-Cotton.-There l been a fair amount of sales this week, at prices on a parv ith those of last week. The imports for the past fortnighb 'ae up*ards of 7,000 bales, all from tbeStates. Goods&ad yarns. -An active business hasbeen done in this marketfor all the week. Prices have improved,. and the prevailing f6eing is' that they must still -further %dvance. Iron.-The week' nowr closing has been orne of great activity inpigiron. The extensive shipments and a turn-os t of piuers aghainst a proposed reduction of wvages havng indseced -sei',eral opzrators to close " be:a' accoutnts, a smaX advance hais takenx place, with every probahiuitv oE i,ts being maintain ed if the wants of the next six months for railway purposes have anv influence at all upon the course a! prices. As high as7,3& cash has been paid for mixed nunbers rat. To-dy there is less jquisy, but still -sOlers keep shy. The cJeng quotatioDs are 72s. 6d. forimired numbers; TJ. 43g. Eo, und 71s,%o. 3, gn.mb.
THE COPN TRADE. -COx EXCHANOE, MARK-LAT;. APil, 14 . .nie supplies of wheat, f -our, mnd beans last weeklw Ye 1iberal; of oats and barley, n'oderate; -of peas, - nm511tuy smalL The-cports weje79Oquartes of wheat, S92 uxi*ters of oats, nd 360 quarters of've. Of Engish wlstat tEle receipts were G,779 guarters; of- foreign, 2-,79Y, quarters, -over 10,000 quarters being fron-lndin and Egypt and the remainder chiefly from Sevillenid Mediterranean port- There was a good arrival of samples -this morning froj Xent and Esser, which, avih thiose left overiast e* made a somewhat plentiful show. .- The extreomely fine gro,,g .weather, with a decline reported in the last co-itry. mat.. kets, kept millers aloof, and very few sales were maade at, a late hour, the reduction submitted to being about 3s. ier quarter. In foreign there was scarc'ely auything passing, though lower rates woutM have been taken. - Of flour, the supply fromrthe country consisted of i4,93o saehs, the foreign of 342:sacks and 9,632 barrels, from: 2lew York. Comntry flour fell 2s per sacl; foreign was Is. to -to 2s. per sack and barrel lowver. The quantity of English barley was 3,854 quarters; the foreign, mostibanish, was 1,160 quarters. Friday's 'advance of Is. per quarter was maintained, but w9ithout the least i.ctivity in trade. Malt supported former quotations. . : - The total supply of oats was 1'3,693 quarters; of£thcse, 9,237 were Dutch and Danish, 2,850 Irish, and the re2fainder British. The market was heavyfor aUl ]inds, at ar abatement of 6d. per quarter. Of-beans, there -were 4,065 quarters Egyptian, and 208 of home-growth. The supply of peas was only 69 quarters. For the former the demand was so limited that buyers found the trade rather in their favour. 2No change ianpeas. Another liberal arrival of linseed was noticed-viz., 15,684 quarters, the exports being only 910 quarters. 'The late supplies have occasioned a reduction of fully 5s. per quarter. Cakes, though stil in demand, were somewhat easier in price. The cloverseed trade is declining, and prices irregular and lower for all kinds. Tares it is almost impossible to Sell, I without a liberal reduction in the rates. Of canary there has been an unusual sapply from Spain, which, however, being fine, sold at fair prices. In hemnpsecd, rapeseed, and other sorts, no alteration. Aooount of Com arrived in Londaou ftem Apil 7 to Api 2. Cloverseed, red, per cwt. Ditto, white Trefoil, per c... Tares, winter, per bushel Coriander, per cwt. . CDaraway, per cwt., new Canary. per q r. . . Lnseed, Per qr, sowin& C,s.; crashing ... Cake, per ton apeseed, per qr.. new Cake, per tFn 1dflO. .. . cloerse'. ra,FrechFORlEIGaN SElEDS, c Ditto, white. Dutch Taxes, per bushel ...... . . . . Xempeeed, )er qr.amall.. Dutch.. Coriander, per C.. . . C arawauy ... . . . . . . . n per qr.-Balti . Car, B o m b ay............ . . .. . Calkc, per ton IL a t c h,s , tc . 70-S5 75 -100 32- 4- .s.6d.- 8 . 20-24 ..30-- 60-62 W - 62 £12 10 ;£13 4 . SS- 93 £6 10 -:7 o . 64-72 70-90 .s. -5s.6d. 15 - 20 42-46 ..5S-63 60-61 £12 £12 10 £610 £7 0
METROPOLITAN CATTLE-MARKET, April 14. The arrival of cattle and sheep into the port of London from the coni. tinentdunringtbe past week has been verylimited. The Custom-house return gves an entry of fA oaen, 25 calves, 16 pigs, and 227 sheep, making a total of 563 bead.. There was to-day an unexpectediy short supply of all descriptions of meat. This gave an etive tone to tralo, and the sslesmen were enabled to obtain firmer and, in some instances, better prices than were cUrrentlast week. Atotal elearanevas ewffected in everything. Of beasts there were only 2,980 on offer, being about one-tbird of tho usual number and the effect was to produce a brisk competition. The prices realiQE; vere from 4d. to 6Sd per stone of 81b. higher than were obtained on 1riday last. The supply of mutton mnd lamb together comprised only 18,000 head in alL Thetrade for mutton was particularly g,od, at a rise of Sd. per stone on the finest quality from last market day's quotations, the top price beingds. 4d. for Downs. aimb soldwell, but not at any advran Veal commanded anadvance of 2d. per stone, and pork vas unaltered. Comparative Statement of Prices, and Supply of Cattle at MLarket.
HOP-A!ARKET, April 14. The trade continuevithout any variation worth reporting. The doe matd for so late a period of tboe eaon ia good. the currency is veil spported, vdth a limited qaant-ity of fino samples, for whzich A slight sadvance is obtained.
I7 OTHE EDITOP OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I see it advertised in the papers that a meeting took p3ace of the masters and wardens of the several liverv companies of the city of LIondon at the Mansion-hou-se, on Thursday, the 10th inst., when certain resolutions were passed, which have since been extensively advertised. Being at this time a warden of the Stationers Company, I beg to say that I did not attend this meeting, and was not invited to do so, and therefore it is not right to describe it as a general meeting. The m3ster of the Stationers Company called the Court of the Stationers Company together this morning pursuant to the request of the Lord ilayor, but .after hearing the communication of that functionary, and also another from the Common Council, the Court decided unanimouslynot to interfere. Those who wish to know the privileges the corporation desire to maintain wil do well to read tle following extract from a charter of James L, which, as regards coals, they assert to be valid and binding op to the present day; viz.:- " To laveandexercisethe officeof measurerandthenmicsuring of all and singular grains of every kind, and also of all kinds of apples, pears, plums, and other fruits whatsoever, and of all eatable roots of every kind, and also of onions, and all other merchandises, warcs, and things whatsoever measurable, and the measuring of the same, landed, conveyed, or brought in or to the port of the said city of London rnpon the said water of Thames, in every ship, boat, barge, or other vessel w;hatsoever, foating, laden, remaining, or being on every part of the sare water of Thames, and upon every bank or every shore Or every wharf of the samewlvater of Thames, which should happen to stop, remain, .and be delvered or set down from the aforesaid bridge of the said town of Staines, in the said county of Middlesex westwards to the aforesaid bridge of London, and thence to the aforesaid place called Yendall, otherwise Yenland, otherwise Yenleete, towards the sea and eastwards, ad in the Medway, and in the said port of the city of London aforesaid, or to all wages, rewards, fees, and profits to. the same office of measurer belonging and pertaining (being the rights mentioned in the said charter as aforesaid).' The above is extracted from one of their own acts of Parliament for prolonging the duty on coals-viz., the s and 2d of William 4, cap. 7G, sec. 6, and Ithiuk the city companies will find it much safer to let the orporation un.ergo its sifting and reformation without interfering in the question, which is found on investigation not to interfere in the slightest degree with their property and rights. I remain, Sir, your constant reader. JOHN DICOIN2ON. Lmdon, April 14.
Thx CoiNviCTs -oxrus S c-m or F DlAxn ix NkwGATE.-The two woomen, Elizabeth Anne Hains and Celestina Sommer, who were recently convicted-the former of the marder of her child by drowning, aud the latter oE the murder of her child by cutting its throat, and^ whose cases excited so painful an interest upon the trial, were remnoved, immediately after the sentence was pronounced, to separate rooms on the femalp side of the prison, where they r=ll remain until their fate is decided upon by the Government. A female turnkey is in the room w ith each prisoner the whole of the day, and at night twvo women sit up vith them. The condemned women, although they were much excited during their trial' particulary 13arris (who destroyed two of her children), have become much more composed. Celestina Sonumer, who,'as convicted of murdering her child at Islington, by cutting its throat, and w.ho was stated, to be only 25 years old in the calendar, is, it appears, two yeaw older, but, even according to this, she mnst have brought the child, whose life she, destroyed, into the world when she was littla more than 1S years old. She has stated that she expects to bs sent to,a. lunatic asylum, and that a*er she has been confined therea~ few months she will be se} at liberty. Whether or not tbili belief is real or assumot cannot, of couras% be positively ascertained; but the asxthorities of thep rison, asellM ae the medical officer, sees to he of opinion there is no rounlm for supposing th3ather mind is in any way derangea' The prsoner appears to have received a good education, aa& it sestatedtho't she i3 respectably connected. lia=sinia only 25 years ol;J, and she appears to hav-e received verylittle education. it is several years since a female was exeeuted. atlXewgi',te, the last being a girl named Browxing- for the miurder of an old woman, in Westminster, for the-purhose of gettfnig possession of what she believed to be a :ais Engl.rndnote, but which, after she had conamitted the murder .arned out to be 'a note of the "a Ruk of Eleeznee." It. is understood that a petition for. a commutatboan 6f tht ,.Isentence is in course of preparation. .ITH To: TRADE. April 14.-Thee deliven! in London, estiatedfor the week, were 655,581 caskl}iogan atremseuof 31,963 casks a, wsrpned withl . jmQwLo
RAILWAY AK)D MIKIKlrG SHARES. Monday Evening., Ihe railwayfmarket has been steady to-day, and prices continue to be well supported. The final arrangement of the settlement has intelfered with the usual activity of business. Australian land and bank shares have not varied in any important degree, the operations having been limited. In London and County Bank shares the transactions ranged from 34 to 35. Miscellaneous shares were dealt in only to a limnited extent, but quotations in .general were fairlv maintained. Ottoman Bank left off 1 to i-pn1.p Bank of Egypt, 10 to i pm.; Western of London, 31 to 2t dis.; London and Paris, 3. to 21 dis.; -Afiance fBank, 13 to A dis.; TationaZ Discount Company, I to - pmi.; flussian Railway, 1 to l pm.; and Lombardo-Venetian, 6f to 7+ Dm.
BAILfYAY I1YTELLIGEIYCE. D5BIJa ND AKINGSTOWN. I s-e snH)ryearly meeting- of this company was held on SaturdayatkDzblin * Mnr. W. flaughton, chairman of the company, presided. The SasEo xxv, MYIr. Joseph Pim, read the report, which shovlwd a-conmidelable increase in the revenue. A dividend of 3 per cent, for the half-year, making S per cent. for the year, was declared, leaving a surplus of nearly 4,0001. Mr. 'lNc-AID, one of the directors, proposed that 1,0001. shodid be paid to Mr. James Pim, the treasurer of the copany, "and that he should also receive 3001. per annurn from thu-date of the signing of the lease of the railway to the VWicdow Company as compensation for his claims and seovices -to the company since its commencement. Auoeng discussion ensued. Mir.T2 ttsnc proposed, as an amendment, that the annual allowance to Mfr. Rim should be 5001. Mr. R. D. KxsNE, solicitor, seconded by Mr. T. C. REn, movtd an amendment, "That it consequence of no notice having been given of the grant and annuity, the question should be referred to a general meeting of the proprietors, toen specially tonvened for the purpose." M. Palmer's amendment -was withdrawn. Mr. Kane's amendinent -was then put and declared to be lost by a m.ajority of votes, and the original resolutions were carrfed. Mr. KAX, E declared that the resolations were illegal, and that the directors had no right to propose them. 'The meeting then separated. MANCHESTER, SHEFFIELD, AND LINCOLNSHIRE. The working expenses and other outgoings of this com.pany's railways (exclusive of the BManchester, South June'ion, and Altrincham, stated below) have amounted in the fortnight ending April 6, to 9,2521. ls., making with the 53,9251. 3s. Gd. already stated, a total of 63,1771. 4s. Gd. for -he first seven fortnights of the half-year, or at the rate of l5813 per cent. on the railway traffic for the same pesiod. *The proportion of the South Junction, &c., receipts accruing to this company for the fortnight ending April the f6th amount to 7541. 3s. 7Td., making with the 4,2201. 16s. 3d. previously stated a total for the first seven fortnights of the ,ralf-year of 4,9741. Ss. 10d., while the expenses, being _3691. 3s. 3d. for this, and 2,3001. 17s. 4d. for the six previous fortnights, amount to 2,6701. Os. 7d., or at the rate of 53-66 per cent. REPORT OF TIHE COMI;TTEE ON RAILWAY BILLS. EAST SoINEsRsET.-Mr. Fitzroy reported from the Committee on this bill that the proposed capital of the company is 75,0001., and the amount of loan 25,0001. The length of the line is nine miles two furlongs, and it is to be constructed on the broad gauge of seven feet, being the gauge of the Wilts, Somerset, and Weymouth Railway, with which it will form a junction. The steepest gradient is 1 in 5S, and the line is intended to cross two roads on the level. The quantity of land required for the railway is S0 acres, and the estimated cost of the railway is 75,0001. Mtr. J. Burke was the engineer examined in support of the bill, and the committee were satisfied of the fitness in an engineering point of view of the proposed railway. RAILWAY TRAFFIC. Miles Pas- Moer- otalo, Total, RaiUways. open. sengers. chandise. 1886. 1855. Xl. X. X- X. Week ending March 15. Grand Trank of Canada .. 38 .. - . . - .. 3,335.. 3,511 Week ending March28. Great Western of Canada . 283 . ,. 6,307 .. 13,134 8,530 Week ending April 5. Peebles.. . . - .. - . - .. 132.. - Week ending April 11. South-Eastern .. .. - .. - .. - .. 15,200 .. 1S,140 Week ending April 12. London, Brighton, & South Coast 133 .. 9,299 .. 2,991 .. 12,289 .. 13,012 * Raster week. i i i I
LAW REPOBT. ROLLS' COURT. CnANICERY-LASr APnLT 14- PEARCE V. PEARCE. (Beforc the MAsTE.R oftheRoTis.i The MiSTER of the Rons gave judgment in this cass, in which the question was whlether the estate of a Mrs. Williams was liable to make good a sun of 2,0rC,o. stock, in respect to which she had consented to act as. trustee. The facts of the case are as follows :-In the yt.ar 1846 a settlement was executed on the marriage of the plaintiff by which some easehold houses and a sai.n of 2,0001. stock were settled to the plaintiff for lif.e, for her separate use, without power of anticipation; t;hen to the children of the marriage; and, when their j'nterest was exhausted, as the plaintiff should by wvill appo?mnt. There was a power in the settlement by which the Ortginal trustees of it could with the plaintiffs consent, appoint trustees in their place. Soon after the plaintiffs marriage continual applications were xmade to the trustees by ttae plaintiff and her husbandto induce them to consent to tb e stock being sold out and the money which it realized bei',ag handed over to the plaintiff, who considered that she C',ifld make abetter use of it than keepin it in the fund, L,ut the principal acting trustee, a Ir. John Perce, always objected to doing anything of the kind. This gentlemar, being constantly pressed upon tho matter, at last reqeste that anewtrustee miight be appointed in his place, and in February, 1849, a deed was drawn up, und(sr which Mrs. Williams was named a trustee, in the p1p ,ce of Mr. 1erce, and shortly after, at the pLaitifs requs t, permitted the stock to be sold out, besieving, as she, said, that the plaintiff was solely entitled to the }Jenefit of it, and not understanding that by the tearr,5 Of the settlement anyone else had an interest in the fund. The purpose for which the money was used not having turned out so profitably as was anticipaty d, and Mrs. Williams having died, it was now sought, 'sosAewliat ungracefully, to make her estate liable to r efund the stock which had been sold out contrary to the trusts of the settlement, and the only chance which -the estat b had of escaping ;was that the deed appointing Mrs. lWiamns a trustee had nevfr been formally executed, and tIa .t that lady bad therefore never been in reality anPC dnted. The Court, however, held that, notwithstanding D .ny informality in the execution of tlle deed, there was no doubt but that Mrs. Williams had consented to act, and had acted as a trustee, in which capacity she had allowed the stock to be sold out iinproperly ; she was, in fact, a trustee dc seot tort, and to plead ignorance of the terms of her trust could afford her no protection, inasmuch as she should not have unidertaken a trust she did not comprehend, and, having done so, must be held to fall within the r ule ignor2antia legumn stcnsinem (xctsat. Her estate, therefore, must be held liable to account for the stock which had been dealt witl contrary to the trusts of the settlement.
I VICE-CHANCEILORS' COIURTS, APRIL 14. EVANS V. CONVNTRY. I [BeIO2e VWXe-(taCCtOr r.Ri. T. EiNDERLEVY Mr. ANDERSOX occupied the entire day in his reply in this case, which was fully reported in T7Pe Tui2les of Thursday last, and has not yet concluded. (Before Viee-C/7nceflor Sr J. STUART.) OOTEI V. ALINGTON. This case came before the Court on exceptions to the Master's report and on further directions. The late J. Williamson, by his will, gave 120,0001. to trustees upon trust, to pay the income thereof to his daughter, the wife of J. G. Booth, for her separate use for life, and after her death, in case of that event taking place during lierhusband's ife, upon trust for .such persons as she should appoint, and, in default of appointsment, upon trust for the benefit of her children. Mrls. Booth appointed 30,000l., part of the sumnof 120,000l., to her husband, butmade no appointment as to the residue of the last-mentioned sum, and died in her husband's lifetime. The estate of J. Willamson being insufficient to pay the whole legacy of 120,000?., the question Avas, whether J. G. Booth, theappointeeof thesumof30,000l. was entitled to such sun in full, or whether the sun am pointed to hIim should abate rateably with the shares to which his children were entitled of the unappointed part of the fund. Mr. Bacon, Mr. Malins, Mr. Elmsley, Mr. Craig, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Shebbeare, Mr. Hardy, Mr. Mackeson, jun., and Mr. C. Hawkins appeared for the different parties. The VICE CH.AZCELLOu held that the sum which had been appointed to J. G. Booth must abate rateably with the shares to -which his clldren were entitled of the unappointed part of the sun of 120,0001. (Before Vice-C7lanccllor Sir W. P. WOOD.) rICI(FrORD V. BROWNN. nOlvS V, BROwxS. The VICE-CHANCELLOR gave judgment in these cases, reported in Tlhe Times of Saturday, and said that the only point was as to whether the custom of London had any effect upon the intestacy -which had been held to exist as to certain limitations in the testator's will The result of the authorities established that by the original customs of the city of London on the death of a freeman all his power over two-tLirds of hispersonal propertyceased, one-third becoming the property of the widow, one-third going to the children, wihile the remaining one-third became wihat was called the dead man's part. Some doubts had arisen as to whether or not there -was any powrer in the father of controlling the disposition of the orphanage part; but it was clear uponthe autlhorities that the father had no ownership, and that, subject to the payment ef debts, no power of control remained in hin. The Statute of Distributions (22 and 23 Car. H., c. 10) speciaLy exempted the property of freemen of York and London from its operation as to the orphanage part. Doubts having arisen asto w hether it had any operation upon the dead man's part, the statute 2 Jac. IL, c. 17, was passed, and by its operation the dead man's share becaine distributable according to statute, and not by custons. The fiu-ther statute, 11 George I., c. 1S, made the whole of the estate that of the testator. His Honour, after observing upon the arguments in favour of the widow, and commnenting upon the cases uvhich had been cited, said that he must follow the law as laid down by Lord King in " Wheeler v. Sheer," Mosely, 302, and hold that the custom did not apply, the testator havin- made the property his own by the attempt at disposition. The result, therefore, was that the wvidowv was not entitled to the 49ths claimed by her, but that the portion as to w-hich there had been an intestacy was divisible according to the Statute of Distributions. The case was armued by Mr. Rolt, Mr. Chandless, Mr. Daniels, Mnr. I. Yames, Mr. Cairns, Mr. Baggallay, Ms. H. F. Bristowe, Mr. Bilton, and M1r. F. G. A. Williams for the several parties. IA.NSER V. DIX. This was a suit instituted by the plaintiff for the purpose of setting aside a sale made in 1851 of certain leasehold property situate near St. George's-road, Brighton, the sale havmg been madle, or purporting to have been made, in execution of a trnst for sale created in 1845 by the plaintiff, for the purpose of satisfying certain mortgage debts out of the sale moneys. The grounds on vhich the plaintiff seeks to set aside the sale and to redeem the mortgages are that the trust, if created at all in 1845, had been abandoned, and that, if not abandoned, the deed by which tle parties had purpolted to execute the trust in 1851 showed on the face of it a transaction which, taken vith the surrounding circumstances, could not be allowed to stand as an execution of a trust for sale. Mr. Rolt and Mr. Goldsmid were for the plaintiff, Mr Willcock, Mr. Chandless, Mr. Daniel, Mr. W. M. Same; Mr. Pole, Mr. Hislop Clarke, and Mr. W. P. Iurray appear for the several defendants. The case was not concluded.
COU.RT of BAYlKR'UP-TCy, Basiyg7ua7l-stret, April 14. IN BE PETFR STAINSTff--.T1 rr.v~ A (Bcfo,e Alp. JIB rm.1Pnpp <VA \e I The bankrupt was described as a smelter and7 manufacturer, of Bishopsgate-street and other places. His application for a certificate was heard a few days ago, when he was opposed on several grounds. His HONOUnR, in giving judgment, said,-The bankrupt in this case was made bankrupt as a smelter and manufacturer, but his principal business appears to have been speculating in mines. W1hen lie first began business on his own accoult he stated that he had a capital of between 5,0001. and G 0001.; and by his balance-sheet it appears that on the 1st of January, 1853, he had accumulated 45,3661. Between that periodand hisbankruptcy, in Mlarch, 1855, he appearsto have lost 84,8811. The assignees state thathisbooks have been vell kept, and that he has given every assistance in his powver since his bankruptcy. The granting of the celtificate was opposed on four grounds :-First, that he was treasurer for several companies, and that instead of opening separate accounts for each company, and keeping the funds separate, he transferred all the moneys to bIs separate account to the amount of more than 19,0001., which he used in his general business, and the shareholders bave suffered tothat amount. The bankrulpt alleged that such was the usage in such businesses, and that the shareholders were cognizant that that was the mode of conducting the business. None of the shareholders have appeared personally to complain, and the passbooks appear to support the bankrupt's statement; but this does not prove that they knew he iused the money in bis own business. The second objection was that he wvas guilty of a breach of trust as executor for a person named Husband. It appeared by the evidence that Husband died in the year 1846, that the bankrupt and the wife of the testator were the executors, and that they lent a considerable sumn of money to the nephew of the testator, who repaid to the bankrupt a stum of above 2,0001. The bankrupt kept possession of this money down to his bankruptcy, and paid Mfrs. Husband 5 per cent. interest. It was suggested that the bankrupt did ti is without the sanction of Mrs; Husband. Mrs. Husban? stated to be the person entitled to the largest k -f the property devised under the will. The bankrupt declares that he believed that Mrs. Husband was aware hehad'the msoneywithoutseeurity, andthathe hadpaid the 5 per cent. interest for many years. Mrs. Husband did notappear, and no evidence was given to impugn that of the bankrupt. Thirdly, it was objected by the assignees that the bankrupt, at a time when he must know he was insolvent, had raised money at 20 per cent. Fourthly, a creditor named Thomas Spencer objected that the bankrupt had fraudulently deprived him of the sum of 5501. It apreared that Spencer wvislhed to be appointed agent to the Union Tin Smelting Company, and applied to the bankrapt for that purpose. Stainsby recommended him to buy shares in the company; he agreed to purchase 200 shares, and in paymnent he accepted a bill for 8041. 16;. The shares were not to be transferred to Spencer until the bill was paid.. It was paid on the 7th of January, 1854, but the shares were not transferred to Spencer's name. Spencer swore that the bankrupt told hbi in January that the shares were transfeined to his name. In Febrnary, 1654, the Union Tin Smelting Company was dissolved, and 50 per cent. of the capital was ordered to be returned to the shareholders. It appears that at the time the bankrupt held 1,448 shares. The bankrupt wrote a letter to Spencer, - statingthat the 200 shares were held by Spencer. The bankrupt declared that he was very unwell at the time, and that the omission to transfer the shares to Spencer's nanle arose from his forgetfuluess. It is clearthat it was uninaportant to the bankrupt totransfergod of 1,44S shares. A fter some time the 50 per cent, was paid to the shareholders on the list, but not to Spencer. The banlkrupt declares that this hap- ened from the omission to transfer the shares when the ill was paid. It is impossible to reconcile these statements; but I do not think ti1!jt there is sufflcient evidence to hnn the rcase within tho 12th and 13th Victoria, c. 106, sec. 256. It appears to me that the bankrapt acted improperly in usng the money advanced by persons on account of specific undertakings, and also in using in his business the property ,ilhich came into his hands as executor. The transaction with Spencer was, to say the least of it, very careless; and I also consider his conduct highly improper in raising money at excessive rates when he ought to have known he vras insolvent; hut l do not consider him guilty of* any fWraud under the 256th section. I shall theiefore adjourn his certificate for one year from the 4th of A pril, when the application wras originally made, wvith protection; the crthfcate, when granted, to be of the second class.
INSOLVE&yT DEBTORS' COUB1T, ApriZ 14. IN RE AT)P A PRAN PI'.AT.P.V (Before the ClIIF ComSao'xER.) This insolvent, a young man, an artist and drawing-master, v.who applied under the Protection Act, was opposed by Mr. 'argood for Mr. W. IL S. Pealey, the insolvent's father, Ind also forMessrs. Shoolbred, the linendrapers. Mr. Reed iupported. In June, 1S63, the insolvent married a Miss Wl3son, v hose father was an upholsterer (since deceased), and he gave her 3001. About the same time the insolvent's father. aye up his house of furniture at Kensington and relinquished his business as a drawing-master, on the promise of an annuity, no portion of which had been paid. The son gave some bills of exchan,e for the furniture, although it v as believed by his wife'sfriends that it was a gift fromi his father. The insolvency -ras attributed to the proceedings adopted by the father. Both the insolvent and his father vwere examined, and a very painful exhibition took place. It appeared that the insolvent's wife's mother had paid 1001. for the furniture to provide a home for her daughter. The insolvent alleged that the business did not enable him to pay the annuity he had promised. The old gentleman 7was now residing with another son, a schoolmaster, at St. Peter's, Margate. The son contradicted the father's evidence. The learned CmEv COIDUSSIONER devoted several hours to the case, and declined to give a decided opinion whether he would sustain the petition until Wednesdav, by which time he required some addition information. lis Ionour reviewved the principal features of the case, and expressed himself clearly of opinion that the insolvent had used his father very ill. The case -was adjourned to Wednesday.
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, jro?zday, April14. The sittings of the Court for the April General Quarter Sessions were resumed this morning at the Guildhall, Westminster, by adjournment from Clerkenwell, before Mr. PAsnsLEY, Q.C., Assistant Judge, and a bench of magis trates. There were 66 prisoners for trial, 52 charged with felony, and 14 with misdemeanour. The AssisTsvxT-JUDGs shortly addressed the Grand Jury. John Datwson, 25, was indicted for obtaining, by meani of false pretences, the sum of 5s. from Frederick John Turner, wvith intent to defraud him of the same. He pleaded Guilty." 2Mr. Sleigh prosecuted on behalf of the Mendicity Society. The prosecutor is a barrister, having chambers in Newsquare, Lincoln's-inn, and on the 18th of December last the prisoner went there and presented thq following letter:- " Cornwall-terrace, L-e, Dec. 18, 1855. "The Rev. W. F. Sims presents his compliments to Frederick Johln Turner, Esq., and at the earnest entreaty of Mrs. Brown begs to submit the enclosed memorial for his humane consideration, signed by several highly respectable and iniluential neighbours. mrs. Brov:n is a poor widov, with a large family, and has sustained a serious -loss (two cows), and, being a person of strict integrity and good moral conduct, has induced the Rev. W. F. Sims to take more than usual interest in her welfare, and he hopes the motives which prompt him in thus addressing F. J. Turner, Esq., will plead some apology. " P.S.-An answer per bearer will much obli-e A memorial was enclosed. Mfr. Turner, being acquainted with the Rev. Mr. Sims, the incumbent of Chlristchurch, the gentleman from whom the letterpurportedto come, and,believingthathereallywas the writer, gave the prisoner 5s. Subsequently it was ascertained that the letter -was a fabrication, and the prisoner was taken into custody as hewas leaving HollowayPrison, where he had been confined on another charge. From the style of the handwiting o the letter it was evident that it was the production of some professed begging-letter rwriter. The A9sysssvw-Junox sentenced the prisoner to hard labour for one year. Charles Blake, 23, was indicted for feloniously breaking and entering the dweDinghouse of John Ponsford, and stealing four coats, value 15t., his property. lIe pleaded " Guilty," and, having been twice before convicted, the Court sentenced him to be kept in penal servitude for four years. (BeforeXr'. CREASt.) Robert Jay, 21, was indicted for stealing a purse, containing 17 sovereigns and three halfsovereigns, the property and money of John Clare. The prosecutor keeps a beershop in Avery-row, Bondsreet, and the prisoner had lodged with him a week prior to the commission of the theft in question. On the 25th of last month, in consequence of a communication made to him by his wife, the prosecutor ran up to his bedroom, when he found that a purse containing 18. lOs. in gold had been abstracted from a drawer in which he had seen it safe 10 minutes before. He immediately went into the prisoner's room, and, finding hilm there, told him of his loss at which he expressed great concdrn. The prosecutor told him that he suspected he was the thief, and sent for a constable, who, on searching the prisoner, found 171. lOs. in gold in his pocket, and the purse was afterwards found in a watercloset, where the prisonerhad been after the money was missed. Heat first said the money was his own, but subsequently said it was Mfr. Clare's, and that he was very sorry for what he had done. The key of the prisoner's room door opened that of the prosecutor's bedroom. The prisoner, notwithstanding that his admission was proved by two witnesses, now positively asserted his innocence, and suggested that other persons in the house had the same opportunity of taking t]e money as he had. The jury found him (ad lty. A witness stepped forward and said the prisoner came to see him oni the 20th of March, and he pressed him to stay to tea. During his visit he stole 16s. from a till. M1r. CRFuasY said, he thought the witness was about to speak in the prisoner's favour, bat he was afraid he could not but take into consideration what the witness had stated. The policeman said, he had made inquiry about the prisoner, and had ascertained that he had been discharged from a situation at a baker's for dishonesty. MIr. CRE.isy said, it scemedthat the less the inquiry as to the prisoner the inore would it be in his favour ; it was clear he -was beyond the first step in crime, and he would recommend him to make a stop, or imprisonment would be followed by penal selvitude or transportation, and from one crime to another he might go on until he finished his exist*nce on the gallows. lie then sentenced him to l0months' hard labour.
POLICE. MAxSIONx-nOuSE.-William Augustus Fitzwilliam, who was charged with havingin the house of Mr. Soaker, of Mitresquare, Aldgate, desperately assaulted one of the servants oi the establishment, upon the attempt to plunder the house, ,sas brought up for final examination. The prosecutor, who had been desperately wounded in the head, appeared to give evidence. Richard Mlartin, said,-I am servant to lMr. Socker. On Sunday night, the 6th hist., :I was in the counting-honse on he first floor at the back of the house. I was minding the house wlile the manager and his wife amd servant went to church, about half-past 6 o'clock, leaving me alone in the house. I closed the front door after them. The back door was left open. It leads to an enclosed yard. I then wentinto the counting-house, andwas reading there, Ithink aboutan hour. Ithen went into the frontroom,whichisover the ground floor, where there was a fire, and was reading for about five minutes, and theis put downs the book. I lay down on the sofa and dozed about five minutes, and then opened my eyes and saw the prisoner in the room, standing opposite to me, lookingat the candlestick on the sideboard. 1 rose up and said " Halloa !" believing it was aman belonging to the house. The prisoner then rushed towards me with the candlestick in his hand and struck at my head with all his might -with the candlestick. I held my hand up to protect my head, and received the blow on the palm of my hand, and my arm droppedpowerless from the effect of the blow. He then struck me over the head, and my eyes seemed to strike fire, and all in the room seemed to go round with me, and qhe blood flowed into my eyes from the wound in my head, so that I could hardly see anything. I then stepped a pace or two back towards the fireplace to get the poker, and the prisoner stepped rather away from me, and made another desperate blow at my head with the candlestick. Hehit me twvo or three times more over my head, and the candlestick flew out of his hand and rolled under the table. He then turned round and ran out of the room. I threw up the window, and, seeing a little boy passing, I told hiun to go and call the police. I was then all over blood, and the boy w ent on looking at me, as if in terror. I was calling out " Murder !" and ' PolEe !" whlle the prisoner was striL-ing me. The prisoner did not speak a word. Vhile I was calling at the window several persons came to the door. I told them there were thieves in the house, and that I would go down and let them in. The prisoner is quite a stranger to me. I let the people in. The Prisoner.-Are you sure that I am the man who struc'k you? Witness.-Qnite ositive that you are. The Prisoner.-AVat ! In the dark? Witness.-It was not dark. To the LORD MLAYOR.-I have regained the use of my arm, which was paralyzed by the first blowv. I have been under the bands of the surgeon since. Cross-exanined by the Prisoner.-I do not know where the prisoner made his entrance to the room in which I -was, -whether he came in at the window, or at the door, or through skeleton keys, or how. The Prisoner.-It is useless for me to say axiything- I say that I did not strike the man; but it is all useless. MWy fate is sealed, and therefore I -wish your Lordship to bring the thing to a conclusion. I \vas not within a hundred yards of the house. The man is misled by the police. I do assure your Lordshin that I never saw the man who accuses me till I saw hin this day in the chair in which he sits. ThRe Lown 3xow.-Have you, prisoner, any question to aisk the witness? The Prisoner.-Not at all, my Lord; but I trust that he Will recover, for my sake. The LORD MAYOR (to lartin).-Are yon quite sure that the prisoner is the man of whom you have spoken? Vitness.-I am quite sure. A policeman (of the metropolitan force) said,-I was prosent when the prisoner,whose real name is Wfilliam Burgon, was con victed at the Cierkenweli Sessions of.haviag stolen a chest of tea, and sentenced to transportation forl seven pgars, and upon that occasion 1ew so desperately assaMlted ab policeman that the officer was uniable to perform any more duty, and has been pensioned off. The depositions were then ordered to be made out, and the prisoner was ordered to be committed for triaL Bow-sTREET.-Several persons, male and female, were brought up on remand on charges of passing bad money. Most of them, though known to the police as suspected "' smashers," were discharged, as only one uttering could be substantiated against each; but W-lliam Iegrave, against whom two utterings werc proved, was committed for trial. The coins passed by this man were a shilling and a cro#rrn piece. MxARitoRoouG-sTRET.-Jane Sill was charged with defrauding various tradesmen of property by false representations. There were five cases brought forward, principaly connacted with obtaining bonnets and millinery by false statemients; but, as it was believed that there were other charges likely to make their appearance, if further time were allowed for inquiry, the pnsoner was remanded till Friday. The second half of a 51.-note has been received from "H. B." for the poor-box. W0oniSP-sTRir.--Wil1iasn Anderson was charged with being concerned, with four others who have escaped apprehension, in assaults and highway robberies. A young gentleman named Mace stated that while passing through Shoreditch, in company of a friend, between 11 and.12 on the preceding evening, the prisoner and four other fellows advanced towards him, and the former, without the slightest provocation on his part, ran wilfuy against him, exclaiming, "Which way are you going i' Witness tried to get clear of them without observation, but that did not suit the purpose of the prisoner, who immediately struck him such a terrible blow on the head wvith his fist that he dropped to the ground perfectly senseless. How long he remained so he did not know; but on coming to himself he found that he had been robbed of his hat, walking-stick, handkeichief, and all the money he had in his pocket. John Melhuish, friend of the prosecutor, described the attack in the same terms, but could not ay which of the men robbed the last witness, the attack, robbery, and-escape of the men scarcely occupying a minute. Prisoner said.-lI did hit him, it's true, but not till he had struck me, and did not rob him at alL Mr. D'EBYcousc.-Well, it appears to me very much like a purposed assault with intent to rob, and if you 'were knowni I would sendyon for triaL A sergeant of the Nddhision.-Why, yourWorship, there is another person present on other business who has justrecognized the prisoner as having robbed and violently assaulted him the same evening. This prosecutor, Henry George, then stood forvard, and stated that while passing through the Hackney-road at 10 o'clock he noticedthathe was being dodged by five men, includin the prisoner, whose dress he particularly marked, and wlvo foliow ed him tiUl he reached Pownall-road, when he heard a quick step behind him, and was immediately seized by the throat by the prisoner. He placed his hand on his waistcoat to save his watch, upon which the four other men came up, and while two struck him violently upon the head and chest two others held his legs, dragged bin along for several yards, and then flung him down so heavily that he lost ins senses, and on recoveringthem found himself in the arms of a woman, and that his guardchain h:ad been broken off and stolen. The prisoner declared that he was not out of Shoree'itch the wvhole evening; h ut Mr. D'Bvxmcoun r intimaated his intention to send himn for trial on both charges, and committed him for the completion of the evidence. CLER1MI N-CN LL-Mr. Hall, a carnman, carrying on business at the Green-lanes, Stoke Newington, was charged with cruelly rn-treating and beating a horse, on the 15th day of Mfarch, and succeeding days, by the Royal Society for the Protection of Cruelty to Animals. Mr. HL E. Forster attended on behalf of the society to prosecute. From the evidence of Sinclair and Seaman, two officers of the Royal Society, it appeared that they were proceeding along the Green-lanes, Stoke Newington, on Thursday last, when they saw a boy named Turner, in the employ of the defendant, holding a horse, which was employed to assist the carts, conming up laden with gravel for the new reservoir, over the heavy portion of the ground. The horse was in very bad condition, being one mass of sores. While they were standing there a inan named Want came up, and the horse was hooked on, but had not proceeded far before it fell down, and, although five or six men tried to lift him up, theywere unable to do so, and, a slaughterer being sent for, the horse was killed; but, although the society sent a veterinary surgeon to examine the carcass, he was told that it had been at once skinned and put into the copper. The officers, however, stated that the near side of the horse was full of whip marks, and that on the two pieces of leather on the fetlocks being removed they saw on each a raw wound as large as the palm of their hands, and they added that they never saw a horse in such a deplorable and miserable condition in alltheir experience. Mr. Thomas Clarke, a gentleman residing in the Greenlanes, said he saw the horse as it was lying down on the off side in front of his house, and under the collar there was a mass of wounds. The horse was in a most dreadful state of mange. The flanl-s of the horse were very sore, and the hair wvas beaten off by the incessant floggping . It 'was only a fewr days since that he saw a man knocking a homse about; but he soon brought him to his senses by giving him a good sound thrashing, but with the boys he could do nothing. Mr. TvnwnRr said he was much obliged to Mrr. ClarLe for coming forward, for it was of the most vital importance that the statement of the constables should be borne out, and that, too, by independent witnesses. Some persons supposed that these prosecutions were got up by the Royal Society for its sole gain and profit, whereas the fact was that they found all the money, took allthe trouble, and gotreally nothing at all by it. If gentlemen would make use of these courts a little more they would find it of the greatest advantage, audit would tend very much tocheckthe evils comI plained of. The society was a very useful one, and for him- self he w as very much obliged to the witness, not only for the courage he had displayed in endeavouring to check these cases of cruelty, hut for his attendance in the witness-box ithat day. MIr. I. L Forster proved that the defendant had been convicted six' times since last November. On Thursday a man and a boy wvere charged with Di-using the same horse, w hen the man -was fined and the boy was discharged. Other evidence having been given, Mr. TYR'wrVnI said here wasa man enjoying every comfort of life, who sent a horse out in such bad condition that it fell down and was obligedto be kdlled on the spot. Itvu-as the master, and not the labourer, who ouglht to be punished. He should therefore fine the defendant the full enaltyof 51 and costs, and he was not quite certain that heoughtnot to send him toprisonvwithoutthe option of a fine. The money wvas at once paid. 21. has been received from "Nemo" for Chapman, the policeman who was disabled for life by the ticket-of-leave man Hogan. SOUrnwaxsi.-RichardPitte, an elderly'mau,vwas brought before Mr. A!'Blccrr-r, charged with committing a most murderous assault on Catharine Pitts, his wife. The complainant, whose head was bandaged up, and who appeared to be in such a weak state from the injuries infficted on her that it was with some difficulty she gave the following evidence, stated that she had been married to the prisoner nearly 20 years, and had three children to support by her own labour, as she 'wus compelled to live apart from him, ovnng to his grossly musing her. On Saturday night last, about 9 o'clock, he came to the house w here she was living with her children, in MWarket-street, and as soon as .she opened the door he made use of an oath and kssocked her down. After that he struck her over the head with his walking-stick until she became insensible. She was positive that had not assistance arrived he would have murdered her. Mr. A'BECiwTT asked her whether she had ever charged him before for assaulting her. She replied that she had, and once he was committed to prison, but she forgot how long. She -was now in such a weak state fromn his violence on Saturday that she could hardly stand. Mr. A'BsEwnTT saiditwas quite clearfromthe evidence that he had committed a murderous assault on his wife, and there was nothing to justify such brutal conduct. He had been once punished for assault upon her, and he should not be doing his duty unless he inflicted the full penalty allowed by act of Parliament. He should therefore sentence him to six months' hard labour in Wandsworth House of Correction. The prisoner was then removed by the gaoler, and locked up in one of the cells at the rear of the court. Shortly afterwards Downes, the gaoler, had some suspicion of the prisoner, which induced him to go to the cell, when he saw him in the act of cutting his taroat with a small clasp-knife. Downes, with the utmost alacrity, rushed into the cell, and, fortunately, wrenched the knife from his grasp before he was able to accomplish his object. However, the wound was so severe that a medical man was called in to attend to hni. Mr. ABECKErr, on hearing the facts from Downes, ordered the prisoner's humediate committal to prison, so that he might be prevented from repeating the attempt. LnAxBET.-The remaining halves of the two 101.-notes, forwarded some weeks ago by " A. C.," for the poor-box, have been received.
TO THE EDITOR OF TIHE TIMES. Sir,-There is a subject now before Parliament -which, I am sorry to say, is not taken up with that spirit and in the tone that it deserves. The subject I allude tois the bill for the abolition of the oath of abjuration. I am not going to trouble you with a long argument on the matter, for, in my opinion, it does not admit of any argument. The question " pure and simple" is vhether the House of Peers is to be allowed to reject a representative chosen by the people by insisting on retaining on the statute-book as a test an obsolete oath, never intended to apply to the Jews, and -which they cannot conscientiously take. The oath has been modified to meet the scruples of Catholics and Quakers,; why is it, then, to be retained in its original absurdity to exclude Jews from Parliament? I have little doubt that Mr. Gibson's bill will be rejected by the House of Peers unless the people speak out plainly in defence of their rights. The war that has dispelled so many of our long-cherished prejudices,at the expense of so much blood and treasure, has, it would seem, failed to enlighten their Lordships. They have yetto learn that war arid diplomacy under the manage- ment of the members of their order are not infallible, and. they will soon find that their politics are as much in fault. If the Lords can stretclhtheir privileges to support their prejudices, what is there to prevent the people from stretching the law to support their rights ? Their Iordships know well that they are prohibited from interfering in elections, yet what can be a more vexatious and effectual interference with an election than the re- ea ted application of an obsolete and absurd law to defeat t e choice of the people? J an, Sir, yours, &c., A CITIZN.
|1 DREADFUL BOILER EXPLOSIOV. : GLASGOW, Appft 12. One of the most terxific explosions whichbas occurred in Glasgow for a considerable period took place last night in Commercial-road, on the south side of the river, and caused the loss of five lives, beside the destruction of a large amount of property. It appears that about 7 o'clock the boiler in connexion with the Clyde Grain-mills, situated in Commercial-road, and occupied by Messrs. Arthur and Ra3niltol, exploded. These mills, we may obserye, are situlated on the west side of the street, and are closely adjoined bythe brewery of Messqs. Rutherford and Co., and both run parallel with the road. On the south side of sdessrs. Arthurand Eamilton's courtyard was the boiler house, a largeone-storybrick erection, in wlhich were situated a boiler of some 40 or 50 horse-power, and an engine. The buildingwas surmounted by a stalk,said to be about 200 feet Isigh. On the north side of the yard wns the grain mill, and to the -west a large cotton mill Adjoining the boilerhouse on the south gable was the stable belonging to the Xessrs. Rutherford, and, contiguous: the liln, maithouse, and offices. Facing the street were the private dwelling. houses of Messrs. Arthur and Hamilton. Upon examina- tion it was found that the boiler-house was blown to atoms;, the furnace stalk completely knocked down; the south gable of the mIills (three stories in height) forced out, and extensive portions of the side walls and roof of the mills displaced and twisted; and the eagineman, Thomas Anderson, who was in the enginehouse at the time, was kiled- on the spot. In the mill one of the worlkmen, named Jobn 31'Cubbin, was also instantaneously deprived of life by the fall of the gable, and the foreman miller, named James Turner, had his leg broken in two places, and several otkers were more or less severely injured. By the force of the explosion the stable of the Messrs. Rutherford, which closely abutted on the engine-house, was blown to atoms, and here also life was sacrificed. Atthetime ofthecalamitytwo carters, respectively named John and Andrew Stewart, were engaged putting up their horse for thenight. They were, withthe animal, blown across tle brewery in a westerly direction, and were busied daap in the wreck of the malthouse and part of the kiln. A melancholy proof of the alarming force of the explosion is found in the death of a boy, about seven years of age; named Gilbert Tnrner. This poor .ttlefellow was amusin tgiimself in a close, fully 150 yards distant, when he was struck on the head by a brick ejected from the demolished buildingS, and EO severely injured that he died almost immediately afterwards. A portion of the boiler plates was carried fairly over the brewery, and throwvn violently down in the centre of Govan-street, a considerable distance ofL Mr. Rutherford was sitting in his counting-house when the explosion occurred, and, as he says, bricks and other materials showered down upon his desk through the roof. The stairs leading to the dwellinghouse of Messrs. Arthur and 13 amilton were completely blown away, and the bewildered and terrified inmates had to be rescued from the window. 1any.persons were throwvn down by tho force of the concussion, some fainted, and the windows in several of the houses in the vicinity were dashed in. Workmen wvere immediately set to work to clear the wrreck, and about 10 o'clock, and at some distance from where he must have been when the accident occurred, the lifeless body of 'ndrew Stewart was found, lying underneath the body of 'a horse. I The zccident demands the strictest investigatiozi. It is Ipsuposed that the occasion of the explosion was the-want of water in the boiler. This may be the case, but we are compelled to state that an examination of the fragments of the boiler proves that it must have been long in a7 highly dangerous state and quite unfit for use. For extensive breadths, the plates are foumd not to be thicker thin a sixpence, and they are so complety corroded and worn out that the inner white, or sound metal is almost invisible. Theauthorities have comamenced an investigation ; bnt, from the want of a coroner's inquest in Scotland and theprivate manner in hlvich matters are conducted by the ProciuratorsFiscal, it is possible the public will never hear most of this dreadful affair. This afternoon, about half-past threo o'clock, the body of John Stewart was recovered from among the ruins, and from its appearance death must have been Inshnianeous. The total number of lives los' are five-viz., John X'Cubbin, Thomas Anderson, Andrew and John Stewart,. carters, and Gilbert Tnrner, aged seven years.
FuRzim DEmSnuoN OF PiRATE JuXNxS kY CInsA.-Her 3Majesty's steamer Barracouta, Captain Fortescue, arrived here on Wednesday afternoon from Ningpo, which she left on Tuesday last. On her passage she encountered two large West-coast pirate junks, which she chased and ran ashore on the Volcanoes, mwhen their crews landed and escaped among those rocky islets, Captain Fortescue deeming it not worth while to land his men in quest of the pirates. He sank the two large junks and some smaller ones, carrying six to eight guns each. The men on board are said to have been gaily dressed in blue silk, and any quantity of red turbans was discovered on board. Just prior to their being sighted they had captured a large trading junk, laden vwith rice, &c., and plundered it. The Confucius steamertook part in the attack and rendered efficient aid in destroying the five junks. The steamer has brought up 11 men to Shanghlai, taken out of another private junk- off the Chusan group, who have been handed over to the Chinese authorities.-North 0Vdua Herald, Je.1 26. VAccnAInoN.-It appears that since 1833 sunis varying from 2,400Z. to 24II00. have been annuanly voted for thepurposes of the National Vaccine Establishment. 2,4461. was voted for the sear 1854-55.
.YAVAL AND MILITARY IN3TELLIGE.rCE. The Imperatriztransport, No. 150, arrived at Sheerness on Sunday at S 20 a.m. from the Thames S;he steamed up alongside the Russian prison ship Dev onshire, Lieutenant Commander Lloyd. andreceived all she Russian prisoners of war and also the merchant -eamen of different northern lnations 'who had been deta;,_ed for breaking the blockade. The Inmcratriz left again at 10 20 a.m. the same day for a Russialt port in the Baltic (supposed to be Libau). The Adder steamv-essel, Second Master Cormmander W. XStaham, passed Sheerness at 10 35 a.m. on Sunday with -an-w despatch gunboat, the Alacrity, in tow, from the bumes, to be immediately fitted at Chathaa. The Sampson, 6 gUns, paddlewheel steam-frigate, Captain George S. Erand, arrived at Sheerness*n Sunday, and anchored at the Little !Nore at 12 45 p.m. from the Baltic. She left Kiel n Friday last, and had a fine run home. She came into b.arbour to coal and water at 4 25 p.m. on the same day. She is under sailing orders to proceed to Por'ssnenth aDd. to tow with her mortar-vessels to join the sriuadron. Orders have been received at Sheerness garrison to prepare to receive three more companies of Royal Artillery for ield battery exercise. They are daily expected. The surgery at Fort Pitt Hospital, Chatham, is to undergo some extensive alterations and improvements, in order to afford superior accommodation to the large number of medical officers stationed at that establishment. The building hitherto used as a dissecting-room is to be converted into a surery, and a large and eonimodious building, in a line with the library and museum, is in course of erection for the p;urposes of anatomical study. The Lords of the Admiralty having decided that the M1arine Barracks, at Chatham, shall be coasirderably enLarged, so as to render them capable of affording accoommodation for an additionral number of officers and muen belonging to that branch of the service, the necessary alterations are to be at once comumenced. An orler wvas recelved in Linmerick on Saturday, from the Horse Guards, for draughts from the 9th, l7th, and 39th Regiments to be held in readiness for immediate enibarcation for Malta, there to join their service companies, and proceed direct to Upper Canada. The dep6t of the 9th Regiment vill furish 100 rank and file, with one Enisign, for this service, and their departure is daily expected. The draughts of the 17th and 39th are also to be 100.
THE SCHOOL- IVSPECTOR ANVD THE MOON. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIE2S. Sir,-Instead of trying to answver the geometrical ilustralionis of the moon's motion, which I am told have now been awed successfully to make the matter clear even to children, Air. ,Symions plunges into the depths of dynamics, in the hope of con-incing us that all our geometry is wrong, ec says, " arrest the moon in her revolution round the earth and she will be motionless, because she has no axial rotation." 2Not to say that this is rather like a begging of, the question, I answer at once that if Mr. Synons could 3nausage to arrest the miioon by stopping its axis merely, so aLs niot to interfere with any motion it may have round its xiF. it would not be motionless, but vould go on revolving. As there may be some difficulties in trying thie experiment on the moon itself, he may try it on a proper model for the purpose, if he vill go to the expense of having one made with sufficient delicacy. lie must set a heavyislh ball on a very fine upright spindle at the end of a bar revolking horizontally (or better in pivots), so that the rotation of the baU or moon vill be affected by friction as little as possible. He must then inilate the real motion by keeping the ball first fixed to the bar, so as to revolve Nwith it, keeping the same face to the centre on -which the bar revolves, and then contrive to set the baU loose just before he "arrests" the motion of the bar. According to him, the ball will be motionless,-accordig to the laws of nature, it vdl! go on revolving until the friction on the spindle stops it. The converse experiment is easier to manage. Don't fix the moon, but leave it loose on the spindle, and turn the bar round, and you wvill find the ball vill not keep itself turned to- the centre, but vill present each side in succesion, if the sides are coloured to indicate I them. To return to geometry. If the moon did not re:olve, how do both sides of it ever manage to see the saws? The i axis of the earth, moreover, moves further in a single revov Iution of the earth upon its axis thanthe axis of the moon ,dees in its orbit rould the earth in a whole nmonth. Yours obediently. E. R D. April 14. I ,ad not tume to write earlier in the day. lR.Uau,A°O?N OF TRL&DE WITH RuSSLu.-We are hapy to that the conclusion of peace has already led to tie resur;tion of commercial intercourse betwveen this Tot and Bussia During the past wveek 31r. Hendewerkhas Ad,es atched a veeSel named theCecilisa with a cargo of salt for%. Petersbur e first export cargo bound from her-, to Itussi3 since tle comlencement of thepast war. Another vegE¢ js ili £91!> Of loa4jg for Tiga- GWCe .e^
THEi CRIMEAN .OARD OF INQUIRY. 'The Court met at 11 o'clock yestcrday. There was again a large attendanice of the public, and an unusual number of ladies octupied the seats allotted to distinguished v.isitors. The examination of Major-General Sir Richard Airey interrupted on Saturday, was now proceeded with, Colone. Tulloch withdrawing a question put by him at the last sitting of the Board, to which an objection was taken by Lorl Lucan, and with regard to which the Board had reserved their decision. Colonel Tulloch.-Were not written queries nddressed to you by the commnissioners after leaving Balaldava, calling for explanation as to vhat was done regarding shelter for the cavalry, and is not this your answer to one of them" I, however, obtained all the planking and timber neces sary from Sinope and Constantinople, and procared the assistance 6f 200 Turkish troops from Rustem Pasha, -who encamped within the cavalry lines, for the purpose of consanrcting huts for men and horses of the cavalry, and an ,engineerofficerwas placed at the disposalof the Earl of Lucan on the 12th of November, 1854, to superintend the work ?' -Yes, that is my answer to the question put to me; but I should like to say that I replied to that question specifically. amd my reply is easily explained. It refers not onily to that particular (late, the 12th of November, but to the general measures adopted for the shelter of cavalry when it was knowxun that we were going to winter in the Crimea. Colonel Tulloch said these queries were sesit to General Airey for the information of the commissioners, wvho possessed no other explanation of the matter than that afforded by his replies; and upon the information obtained by them in this way, and upon that alone, did their report rest. Of course, if there was any inaccuracy in the information thius laid before them, they were not responsible for it. Was he to iunderstand that by the reply just made by Gencral tirey that officer had cancelled his written reply sent to the commissioners ? The JU1)GE-AnDVOCATx. said Colonel Tulloch had better conduct his examination according to the usual form, instead of making rulmining comments upon the evidence. Are, thlen, the following replies to be understood as having been communicated by you to the commissioners,that by the 12th of November, at least, the site had been fixed upon, the engineer officers were available, the Turks readly, the tools at hand, and nothing was likely to interfere with the future application of the labour of the men in the preparation of the grounds ?-As far as we knew, on the 12th of November the cavalry were on their groumd. Everybody knows that in war it is perfectly impossible to say what the next move may be. The weather was beginning, to a certain extent, to break; it was desirable to do as much as could be done in advance of the materials expected; and therefore the order was sent to Lord Lucan to prepare for the shelter of his horses. The circinstances stated in my reply go over the whole period after it was ascertained that the cavalry were to vinter in the Crimea, and in that reply to the commissioners I have stated generaUvy what was done for the shelter of the cavalry after it was so decided. If, howvever, you look to the very last answer I gave to the comnissioners, you will find I expressed my regret that their indisposition prevented them fronti examiining me personally. Froin the great amount of business wlich devolved on the Quartermaster-General I was obliged to make the most of my time and answer as rapidly as I could their general questions. But I repeat nowv my regret that the commissioners did not examine me personlally, w-hen a great many erroneous impressions and conclusions might halve been avoided. - wrnl you state why you did not explain this important circumstance to the commissioners 9-I really did not ima| gins that the object of the commissioners was anything hut to get general iniformation on general subjects. The thus of the Quartermastei-General of an army in the field is not his own for five ninutes at a time, either day or night. I was extremely pressed; and, as I say, not imagining that this inquiry was to take any particular direction, beyond obtaining general information, I gave a general answer to the commissioners' questions. In the absence of such information, could the commissioners knowv that your answer did not refer to the period specified-namely, thie 12tlh of November? -It is almost impossible for me to answer that question, or to know what means the commissioners possessed for forming opinions and arriving at conclusions. In page 179 of the evidence this passage occurs:-" On the same day (Nov. 8), Lord Lucan was directed to make temporary stables as he best could, til timber arrived, and on N\ ov. 12 an engineer officer was placed at Isis disposal for the purpose of assisting." Do you know whether any explanation was afforded by Colonel Gordon, in submitting to us this extract from the office register, to lead the commissioners to believe that there was a doubt of everything being then ready, except the timber?-It is impossible for me to answer for the examination of Colonel Gordon; but I am quite pecrsuaded his desire was to afford the coinmissioners every information in his power. Was any such explanation afforded to thie commissioners as that now given by you to the Board, or any explanation whatever in the office register submitted to us?- I particularly wish to avoid the appearance of attempting to evade any question, but it is almost impossible for ine to aniswer this one. If any tlling had occurred to change completely the nature of your order, ought not such a circumstance to be entered in your office register ?-In carrying on the business of that great war much was done verbaUy. I woould at once denounce the idea of arriving at conclusions siniply upon documentary evidence. Do von admit, then, that under these circumstances your office register cannot be rehed upon as evidence of everything that is done ?-It can be relied on most certainly as far as it goes; but there was a great deal more done than appears upon the face of my office register. Did not the coimmissioners call at your office three several times after the examination of Colonel Gordon, and were you not iuable to see us on each of these occasions, though we attended particularly for the piurpose of examining you? -Yes, the commissioners came up to heal-quarters twvo or tinree times. They once went so far as.to take their places at the table, but I was called peremptorily away ; and the same thing occurred on each of their visits. Was it not the more necessary, as you knew the anixiety of the commissioners to obtain information upon these points, that you should have explained fully why the cavalry were not sooner placed under cover ?-I am obliged to refer again to the pressure of business in my department, which compelled is to give my answers as rapidly as I could. My impression at the thue was that the attention of the commissioners was solely given to commissariat matters and to the supplies-that they were merely eliciting information on those matters. Here is one of the queries addressed to the Quartermnaster-Gencral :-" It appears that the fiLst shelter of this kind procured was about the 5th of January, and tllat in most of the corps it was about the end of January or beginning of February before the horses were under cover, diurng which most of them perished. Can you explain the cause of this delay?'" To which your answeris-" Thie cause of delay in sheltering the horses WaS the inspossibility of obtaining'labour. The Einglish army itself was aiready overworked in conducting the operations of the siege, and not a fatigue party was to he obtained. The native labour was of the worst possible description-indolent and lazy naturally." Now, ought you not to have stated in reply to the commissioners' query that the reason of the delay was not merely the impossibility of finding labour, but because nothing whatever was or could be done between the 12tls of November and the 15th or 16th of December 1-My answer, I think, embraces the whole of your question. You asked what were the causes of the delay, and I stated them to the best of my ability. Had there beenlabour, would not the want of tools have been another cause of delay ?-Possibly it might, and certainly if Lord Lucan had had the constant attendance of an engineering officer the work would have beeni expedited but the great and primary cause of the delay was the want of labour. If we had possessed a sufficiency of labour, we could have done almost anything. Could you have turned this labour to account before the site had been fixed 1L-The site was fixed-not fizially fixed -but wherever the cavalry happened to be at the moinent that wvas thi site of their camp. I have stated before that the anny altogether was badly off for tools. How many weeks were the written questions of tlie commissioners left with you before they were answered ?-I really cannot say how long, but I know it was a very long time-several weeks, I think-before I was able to give them my attention. I don't think I did so until I received a telegraphic conunuilication from Lord Panmure that I wa,s to send off my answers by the next mall. Am I, from all this, to infer that you gave two orders to Lord Lucan respecting the provision of a temnorary shelter for his hores at a date (November 8 anid 12) when they could not be executed, and that those orders were entered in your office-book, and then quioted by you to the commissioners withouit stating that they had been virtually annLlled. -I shall certainly not admit any part of that inference. Then, do you consider that the orders giveni could have been executed .-Certainly, to theextent stated, which was that Lord Lucan -vas to do the best he could. Do you consider that Lord Lucan could construct selicter without materials, without labour, withont tools, and at that time (Nov. 12) without a fixed site ?-I have stated already that the site of the cavalry camp u'as wherever those troops happened at the moment to h& With regard to the shelter to be constnieted it was such shelter as the circumstances admitted of. That shelter niight have consisted merely in throwing up embanlunents, or any temporary shelter Lord Lucan could construct under the sircunstances in w hich his troops were then placed. They were at that tinie on the plateau, and, as I stated in my evidence on Saturday, it was not at all certain that the ground upon wvhicl the cavalry were then stationed might not have been their ultinate ground. Lord Lucan has made this statement-" There was nothing on that plateau offerinig materials for hutting. I have heard in the course of the day that a shielter might liave been formed under canvast, but I did not know that canvass was to be had, and this I say, defyinr all conitradiction that upon that plateau it would not 'have been safe to place horses muider canvass. On the 14th of November, as everybody knows, there wvas not a single tent which was not blows n dowvr., and no one but a madman would liave thought of placing horses under canvass there." Do you concur in that opiniion ?-I don't think that on tele plateau there was the vestige of a shrub, tree, or habitation, with the exception of a sort of farin, -which was converted into headquarten. %Vith regard tothe other point, eve mybody knows what canvass shelter must be unless you have a wooden frameworl- to support every part of it. The weight of the water that lodges upon- the canvass and the effect of the wind wotld Daturally bring it all down,imless it was strongly supported, amid therefore the use of canvass under such sircunistanees would be attended with very great danger to the homes. The nervousness and alarm of the horses would be such thatthey wouldprobablydo eachotlherasmuchinjury aswould be producedl by the fellng of the building itself. The only place wherecI would put up canvass would be on the side of a bill where I could place it lateraLly, provided that here also you could bare some su*.pport. The cowunissioners having received no other information than that which your office and yourself affesl atet the line when tb e cavalry were directed to constract stables, about the 'oth, or 12th of November; and whereas those stables NYh re not completed until three months afterwards, was it T.ot necessary that some further information should have 'been afforded to them to prevent them from attributing the delay to awantof promptitude in executing your orders'? -I think it is a great pity that the commissioners came to their conclusions without taking further evidence. From whom but yourself and Colonel Gordon was such evidence to be obtained ?-Very much might have been obtained from me, and I think one ride between Balaldava and the camp, in which we might have conversed openly, freely, and honestly on all these matters, would have set everything right. Did not the commissioners give you the opportunity of doing this in writing, and by a four days' examination of your senior assistant ?-My own examinationrwasin writing, and, as I have already stated, mine were very general and superficial answers to general questions. I had no notion of the leaning of the commissioners and of their intention to implicate any one. If I had thlought there wvas thee slightest blame imp uted I should have gone more faUly into the matter, and 1Ythink I should have been able to explain things perfectly. Did not the conuiissionerspersonaUy attend atyourheadquarters on three successive days ?-As no personal examination took place, that attendance was null and void as to information. Did you imagme the commissioners could arrive at the conclusion that no blame attached to any one when they found nearly all the cavalry horses were dead.'-I thought it quite impossible ta the commissioners could by anvl inquiry find that, under the peculiar circumstances in wvihic the army was placed, any blame was attachable to any one. Thit was my mpression, and is so sti'ld no bLame attachin to any one iu the Crimea. Referring to the query as to the reason why shelter for the horses w as not earlier provided, woald it not have been easy in your answver to have explained thee whlole case by saying that the commissiOnerS w.ere mistaken in supposing that anything of iniportance could have been done between the middle of November and the end of December9.-If I hadhad any idea that there was to be a subsequent investi"ation upon this very subject, I might have been prepared to go into the subject at greater length, and to go into fuller details upon a variety of subjects, but at the moment I thought my replies suSficient for the general inwformation of the commissioners. As the commissioners had to report to the Secretary of State, and ultimately'to Parliament, couldthey leave omitted suich important circumstances as when shelter was ordered for the horses and when it was completed, and ought not tle information to be of the most specific descriptioln ?-I cannot answer as to the instructions given to the commissioners by the Government. As I said before, their instructions seemed to me to embrace the subject of the comnissariat supplies. Did it not occur to you that in any report made by the commissioners, in the absence of such information, it must be assmned that the Quarterniaster-General's Department had done its duty by ordering shelter to be prodided for the horses, and that the cavalry had neglected their duty by not complying with the direction91-I cannot admit the inference that the cavalry neglected to do anything. My impression is that the cavalry, in the circumstances in which they wiere placed, did all they could. The order having been given on the 12th of November, and not completed until the mriddle of January, could the commissioners, with no other evidence, arrive at any conclusion but that there had been a want of pronmptitude ?- I think that is the error, that the commissioners did not go into further evidence on the spot. The greatest proof that fuither evidence could have been taken is that here you are evely moment eliciting additional infonration. The witness further stated that he had been desired by the Commander of the Forces to give the commissioners upon their arrival all the information they required, and he did give them all the gencral infonnation that appeared to be embraced in their questions. He had no reason to suppose they required more specific ilformation. If more specific inforsimation had beem required from him the comuneissioners ksnew wlmere to find him both in tho Crimea ased in London. He thlouglt it was the duty of the colnuissioners, who went out to the Crimea to get certain information, to leave nothing imdone to obtain such infornatiocs. If thle evidence which they obtained in answer to their first inquiries was found to be inadequate, it was in theirpowertoapplyforandobtain such additional evidence as appeared to themito benecessary. Hisown evidence, he mlight say, wvas never taken by the commissioners, or only incompletely; but the time was one of difficulty and sickness, and the commissioners becamne indisposed and went off to Constantinople, as did many other persons; but w hen they got well there was no reason why they should not have gone on again witlh the evidence. If they had done so he believed there would have been no necessity for the present inquiry, at least as far as coneerned the Quartermaster-General's Department. He returned home in the first ui-ck of December, 1Z5, before the publication of the coimmissioners' report. ':en the report first came to his knowledge he was about to proceed upon a particular service, and immediately upon becoming acquainted with its contents lie submitted that it would be expedient for him to proceed upon the particular service for which he had been selected, as that, althoughl he might have passed over thee report so far as he W.as personally concerned, yet the circumstanices had given a certain complexion to expressions which bad been used and to conclusions w-hich had been come to in that report that it vas considered to a certain extent to an animadvert upon him as Quarternaster-Gencral of the Army. He therefore mentioned to the Cominander-in-Cllief that he thought it would be desirable that he (General Airey) should remain in England to give explanations upon that part of the report. In answer to General BERKELEY the witness stated that he first saw the report in its present shape as a blue-book. It had never been brought officially under his notice up to the present time. Colonel Tulloch.-As you gave on the 12th of November an order that shelter should be provided for the horses, and that seliitor u-as not commepleted until the middle of January, to what do you impute the delay 9-Really, Imust appeal to the Board. It appears to be sought to entangle me into an admission of inferences. The commissioners knew their own objects and their instructions, and I have no doubt they carried them out to the best of their ability ; but I must decline to give any inferential answers. After the report was published I expressed to the Commander-inChief niy desire to offer some explanations respecting this part of it. Did you tell the Commander-in-Chief that the apparent delay from the 12thof November WatS the comnsequence of neglect in your owvn department9.-It is not ves-y likely I should say so. I do not recollect the conversation I lead wvith the Commander-in-Chief, but, if I did, I do not think I should be justified in repeatinlg it. Colonel Tulloch, thems, referring to an answer given by Sir RI. Airey on a former day, " that considering the maiiy duties devol-ing upon the cavalry, the fact that every sick man who went into hospital made twvo nien inefficient, and the labour required in maintainiug hi order their horses and e uipments, it was extraordinary that a cavalry soldier of himself should do anything in the way of constructing stables," asked how that statement could be recoisciled with the order given to the cavalry in November to erect shelter for their horses. General Airey said he considered the construction of stables to be quite out of the ordinary course of a cavalry soldier's duty. Lord Lucan was instructed by memorandum that those hours which under ordinary circunistances would be regarded as leisure hours for the men should be devoted to the comistruction of some shelter,-a work miecessary, but out of the common course of duty. But about tIe 13th December upon the cavalry devolved the duty of carrying uip provisions and bringing down sick. Lord Lucan remonstrated against his cavalry being so employed, but it was imperative, the men wantingfood and clothes. He could not say howv many horses and men were employed in those duties, as the details of numerical returns did not fall within his department. He remembered making a conimunication to Lord Lucan that 500 should be so employed, and that number was nearly made up, after many remonstrances from Lord Lucan. Before the 13th of December were not those 500 men available for the cor;struction of stables ?-It is a faUacy to suppose that because 500 men were ordered to perform a particular duty that therefore, if they had not been so employed, they would have been uneniployed and available for other duty. They had their proper camp duties to attend to, and, in fact, they neglected those duties to perfonm the novel sen-ice upon which they were ordered. Lord Lucalm was directed to do Isis best in providing shelter for thee horses without any reference to the number of men whom lie could employ for that plurpose. You have heard what MIr. Rawlinson has stated respecting the advantage which would have accrued from the use of sailcloth for tenipos-ary shelter. Do you concur with him 9.-I do not concur with Tr. Rawlinson at all. I think he, notbeing a military man, has entered upon the quiestion without considering the difference between a quiet time at home and a ragilng var abroad, and has arrived at conclusions as to what could be done by soldiers in a tinme of vwar which are quite erroneous. I believe he himself qualified his evidence by the admission that not being a soldier lie was not aware of honv far military contingencies might have altered the circumstances. There can be no doubt that if we had lead the materials-the canvass, the spars, the iniplements, and the workmen all on the spot-some sort of teen- porary shelter for the horses could have been obtained. We could have used canvass only if we lead timnber to form the uprights to support it. A quantity of timber did arrive on the 5tith of November. I camnot say whlether or not sailcloth might have been procured fromii the arsenal at Constantinople, for all who know anything of Tturkish officials are aware of the shifting evasions to which they have recourse on all occasions. Lord Stratford was fully aware of our position; he was in constant conamunication with L ord Raglan, and w as as energetic as man could be. lord Rsaglan's commnnuuications with Lord Stratford were private; but I cue persuaded that anything which Constantinople could offer, and our transport could bring, would be semet. At that timle we had made a demand uipon the transports in em- service, and obtained all the sails, spars, and tarpauliDg whlich they could sparc. I may observe, too, that Sir Li. Lyons was constantly at Balaklava, vas continually riding through the camp, and in frequent communelection with Lord Raglan; he saw all that was going on; and he is net the man to allowv an evil to continue which lie had the meaims of remedying. You have heard Mr. Bracebridge state that canvass could have been secured at Constantinople. Had you sent instructions by the first steamer leaving after the Sth of Novemberyou might have had a sufficient supply in the course of a week 9-I would wish to observe, with the utmost respect to MIr. Bracebridge, that I do not thimil that gentleman's evidence is worth anything. He caine to the Crimea only in May, which is there a perfect sunimner month, and yet he gives long and elaborate evidence of wvhat might have been done in December, with weather quite the opposite of that wlhich he enjoyed while there. But, as canvass would leave beems useful, and could have been obtained, why was not a supply sent for 2-At that time timber wvas arriving, and that would have fornied a more durable shelter than canvass, which could only be regarded as temporary under any circumstances. At that period it was necessary to save labour and transport as much as pols3ble, and thcrefope2 as ti3nbe; Was arnitnn and hba arii-ved, it was of nio use sending to Constantinople for an article not so good as that which we already had. Considering the large numaber of animals continually being slauaghtered and of horses which dlied, might not the slkins have been used in the construction of shelter ?-That shows how unfortuanate it is that the comimissioners did not go: minol' fully and completely into the inquiry on t.~ ot Ar. Filder received an order to preserve the skinLsofa animials that were -slaughtered, and did preserve them for that purpose. There were some 1-1,000 paillasses arrived, which were not given to the men. M hlt not those cases have been used to cover the ho;;es ?fqhey would have been uLseless as a covering, I should say. Even doubled and tarred I should doubt thleir uitility for a, single night. The scarcity and difficulty of transport rendered it imperative that it should not be thrown away. I cannot say whether those cases were at the purveyor's stores at Bahikiava, or at some other stores somie little distance from the town. It now being 4 o'clock, the PRsmDp-i informied Colonel TIulloch that the hour of adjournment had ar-rived, and inquired of that officer whether he had any mnore witnesses to call. Colonel Tnuloch w%as understood to say that he had one or two miore whom he wished to examine. The Board then adjourned until Wedlnesday morning, at 11 o'clock _ _ __ _ __ _
THE BALANCE-SHEB T. 1.-An Accoint of the net Public Income of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the Year ended the 31st day of March, 1856 (after abating the espenditure thereout defrayed by the several Revenue Departments), and of the Actual lssues or Payments within the same eriod, exclusive of the sums applied to the Redemption of Funded or paying off UYnfunded Debt, and of the Advasnces and Repayuents for Local WzVorks, &c. ! 2.-An Account of the Balanecs of the Public toney re- maining in the Exchequer on tho 31st day of March, 1855; the amount of money raised by the additions to the Funded or Unfunded Debt in the year ended the 31st day of Marci, 1S56; the money applied towards the redemption of the Funded or paying off Unfunded Debt; the total ainowit of advances and repayments on account of local works, &c., wvith the difference accruing thereon, and the balances in the Exchequer on the 31st of March, Treasury Chambers, April 8, 1v5N. I In addition to this suim, biUs totheamolnt of £1,47q,200 have been delivered in to be cancelled,
THE NoRT WEST or LNmDLI.-We described some weeks since the nolicy now pursued-with the robber clans who infest tle Punjab frontier. The debtor and creditor account is rigidly kept, and the balance is not against the British Government. The recent affair of Bussee Kheyl affords a marked instance of its success. The tribe who inhabit that valley had every advantage in their favour. Their rocks were ahnost inaccessible. Their villages were not wvorth burning. They had no land in the plain to be cequestrated, and no money to pay a fine. They appeared lo be secured by their very degradation against a civilized enemy. Major Edwardes has taught them that even degradation is no excuse for crime. On the 9th of February 1855, they descended into the plain, murdered 19 of our peasants, wounded some others, and carried off their property. On the 9th of February, 1856, they began to pay ihe penalty exacted bythe comiimissioner. Major Edwardes v asted no valuable lives upon the barbarians. He es'taI lished a strict blockade, stopped their trade, seized their iupply of salt, caught a chief or two, and all their bullocks, and vaited for distress to do its work. The tribe submittedThey possess much wood on their bleak hills; and they were ordered to bring in 15,000 maunds of firewood, zm:d stack it on the scene of the murder. The order was obeyed, but the savages found the labour almost inI o3erable. They pleaded for permission to pay in cash, but Ihe request was refused, and for three months the tribe must vwork like convicts for the benefit of the public works. Tihe wood was saleable inKohat, so that theyare paying the del,t both in person and in property, and with interest. When this task is complete the chiefs must be ransomed. b his is a point of honour, and the ransom, like the fine, must be worked out. 'The lesson will not be speedily forgotten. The clans have gainedtheplunder of a few houses and the pleasulre which may accrue from 19 successive nmurders. TI'hey brie lost their chief and all their cattle, 8,000 rupees, andthesevere Labou,r of three long months. The saveges can count aswell asTheir foes, and it vill be long bef'ore tie peasants of the plain arc again harassed by the Entice Klaeyl.-.Fricsmd of' India.
PHILHARArONIC CONCEPTS. The Philharmonic Concerts have commenced this year much later than usaaL This must be attributed to certtin changes in the constitution of the society, suggested by the disastrous results of last season. Instead of eight performances, we are now to have only six; so that professional subscribers, who are charged the same amount as before for their tickets, have to put up with the gratuitous loss of two concerts-amounting to exactly 25 per cent. of the valne of their money. This kind of legislation belongs to the free and-easy schooL The Philharmonic Society, desiring to better its own prospects, begins by encroaching on the established right of a large number of its supporters-in other words. by "robbing Peter to pay Paul." Nevertheless, if the con- I certs are better than those of 1S55 (they could not easily be I worse), it is probable that complaints will neither be many nor very serious. Besides, that most benevolent of ladyartists, Madame Jenny Lind Goldschmidt, has comeforward at the hour of need, and, turning a charitable ear to the petition of the Philharmonic directors, consented to sing for them on one evening, gratis-which is almost equivalent to insuring the whole expenses of the season. What claim the Philharmonic Society can possibly have upon Madamne Goldschmidt, it is not easy to guess; but, as the public are the gainers by her generosity, that is no business of ours. The programme of the first concert, which took place last night in the Hanover-square Rooms, was as follovs PART L Sinfonia in C minor (dedicated to the Philiearcmonic Societ). Mendelssohn. Recitative and arlia-"Dove sono" (ozze di fsgaro) Maozart. Concerto in E flat, pianoforte, Iada&me Clans chulmain .Beethoven. Overture (Don Carlos)..acfarren. PART IL Sintonia in A, No. 7 .. Beethoven. Iteitativeand aria (Giuraenteo) .Mercadante. Solo, lianoforte (variations sarieuses), Madmne Schumann. endelssohn. Overture, " Preciosa". Weber. Coanductor-Professor Sterndale Bennett. The difference between good and bad conducting could scarcely have been exemplified more clearly than by a comparison of the performance last night TVith that at any of the concerts under Herr Wagnenes direction. The symphonies were played just as the composers intended, without any of those so-denominated "new readings," the novelty of -which consists chiefly in their badness. With such a musician at hand as Professor Stermdale Bennett, the Philharmonic Society had no occasion whatever, on the voluntary secession of Mr. Costa, to send all the way to Zurich for a foreign conductor. Theylhavepaidthepenalty, however, for their mistake; and if the present season reinstate them in their former positioh, they will have to thank their own good luck and the ability of their recentlyappointed cief d'orecetre. Professor Bennett has not entered upon his task without finding difficulties to surmount-difficulties that might easily have been spared him. For example, the band is greatly weakened in the string department by the loss of no less than four of its best violins-.i. Sainton and Mr. Blar grove, the " principals" of last year, and Messrs. Dando and Alfred MHellon, two of our most experienced and able players. These gentlemen are replaced by others far from being their equals; and thus a severe blow has been admi nistered to the efficiency of the orchestra, in what has hitherto been justly considered its strongest point. Taking these drawbacks into consideration, Professor Bennett may be congratulated on the result of his exertions, which was simply a better execution of the symphonies and overtures than any we have listened to since the year before last. The intermezz oin Mendelssohn's early and charming syphony was encoredL It would, however, have been wiser (in imitation of the New Philharmonic Society) to adhere to the original sninuetto and trio, instead of this movement, an abridgement of the sc7erzo in the ottetto for stringed instruments, prepared for a special occasion, and not meant to he eternally incorporated in the orchestral work. By the vway, it is difficult to iunderstand howv the symphony in C ninor could have been " dedicated to the Philharmonic Society" (ride proz'rasuimme), since it was not only written but engraved before Mendelssohn came to England. The directors must surely allude to the pianofore arrangement "dedicated" by the London publishers, with views, no doubt, of their own. The most gratifying feature in the symphony of Beethoven was the finals, for the first time in many years taken at the time indicated bythe composer, every passage being executed vwith distinctness, rather than scrambled through, "helterskelter," as was the case until now. The chief fault we had to find in the performance of the symphonies was one that seems to be inherent in our orchestras. There wvas little or no gradation of power-hardly a strict riamno, in short (to expect a pianissin7o would be Utopian) From end to end. Even in the second subject of Mendelssohn's finale, although the stringed instruments for once were resolved to play " soft" (whicisthey could by no means be persuaded to do in the fugato of Beethoven's aullegretto), the clarinet, and subsequently the flute, gave the solo so loud that the effect of this most beautiful passage was nearly ruined. Another word, and we have done with objections. The first movement of Mlendelssohn's symphony is marked " allegro mnolto," but it was presented, at tise best, as an ordinary allegro; the second movement of Beethoven's symphony, marked " dJ7eretto," -was equivalent to andante, and the scchrzo, marked ".P?rCsto" did not exceed allegfro. These obses-vations may be considered hypercritical; but we contend that the character of music depends very much on the times; and in so very lengthy a programme as that of last night, tbree or four pieces taken too slowly constitute a sensible difference. The novelty of the concert, and the great point of interest was the first appearance in this country of Madame Clara Schumann, the wife of Herr Robert Schumann, the well-Imown composer. This lady, many years ago, as Mademoiselle Clai-a Wieck, won universal renown in Germany. She -was acknowledged to be the most admirable performer of her sex in the whole of that very musical and metaphysical countryand, what is still more to her credit, has retained her position undisputed ever since. Of all the famous continental pianists, Maasine Schumann is the only one who has obstinately remained a stranger to England. Better late thast never. Her performancelast night more than justified the reput,ation she has so lone enjoyed. Madame Schumann is not merely an accompli'hed and admirable executant, hut an intellectual player of the highest class, -vith a manner and expression of her own as origindal and unlike anything else as they are spontaneous and captivating. We have never yet heard a lady play the E liat concerto of Beethoven entirely to our satisfaction ; nor, so far as the opening movement is concerned. can Madame Schumann be said to have broken the spell; it wanted breadth, it -wanted fire, and, above all, it wanted grandeur. All the rest, however, was enchanting. The slow movement was expressive throughout, the rondo sportive, capricious, and varied-vithexquisitedelicacyandunerringtaste. Theapplause at the end uwas not a bit more hearty than was due to the merits of the performer. In the " 17 variations" of Mendelssohn Madame Schumann was quite as successfuL Without accompaniments she evidently possesses as much the power to charm as with them. MIendelssohn has composed nothing to which it is more difficult to impart the proper expression and effect than these variations; but either Madame Schumann must have heard hini play them very often, or she instinctively feels themn as he felt them, since the style in which she executed themexcept that in two or three places she took the passages faster (too fast)-was almost identical with his ownil Of the two overtures the Preciosa was performed the best, MIr. M1acfarren's Don Carilos having been much msore carefully executed at the second orchestral concert of Mr. Hullah, in St. MTartin's Hell. MSadame Clara Novello was the vocalist; and in Mercadante's scna w.as accompanied on the ca-no igtn,o7sc by Mr. NWicholson. As the chief interest at these concerts is concentrated in the orchestral music, no one regretted to fimd the number of the vocal pieces reduced to two.
TA&SANIA V. CALIrORNIA. TO TEIE EDITOR OF THE T ,IES. Sir,-Out of justice to myself, allowv me to answer a communication that appearea in your paper of this morning over the title of "lTasmaniensis." Ignorantly or vilfully, the learned disciple of St. John takes advantage of a tynographical error in your account of the mammoth tree (which was promptly corrected the next morning, by stating the height to be 363ft., instead of nl6ft.) to show that a tree existed in Tasmania of much larger dimensions. " I shall state nothing on my own authority," but merely remark that if he had made himself acquainted with the contents of the botanical journals of this country for the last year or so he would never have indited his article. 1e states, "This section, 3ft. in diameter, was cut out of the trunk 194t. from the root, the first branch being given off 20Sft. from the root, and the total length of the tree being 318ft."1 Now, the dimensions of the mammoth tree are these Total height, 363ft.; diameter at base, 31ft. ; diameter 100ft. from base, 1aft. ; bark, lSin. in thickness ; amount of lumber (not lath) in the tree 500,000 feet. The diameter of this tree, 300 feet from base, was over 3 feet, or an equal diameter to the Tasmanian wonder, 106 feet further removed from the base. We have the bark removed to the height of 116 feet, and from the upper and lower diameter of this portion the size of the whole tree can be approximately estimated. I do not ask " Tasmaniensie' to credit my statements alone, but here tender him a free pass, at any time when the mammoth tree may be on exhibition, and hope he will convince himself by personal inspection that the mammoth tree is-what it is claimed to be-the largest tree in the whole world, and Tasmania besides- Apologizing for this intrusion, I am. Sir. vours resnectfullv. ('t.; T. 'rT A QTZ 'Kr A Philhannonic-rooms, 14, Newman-street, April 14. CRDE UT TURxEY.-A letter from Constantinople of the 31st nlt. says:-" A terrible crime has recently been cominittedatVarna. AyoumgGreekgirl, l4years of age, was forcibly tak-en away from her family and assassinated, after having bean shamefully abused. The General of Division, Salih rasha, has been arrested, and is charged with the crime. He, however, denies any participation in the matter, and hitherto no proof has been discovered to commit him. His principal servant, who has disappeared, is suspected. He gave orders, it appears, in the name of his master, to the chief of the cavass (private police attached to high personages in Turkey), to destroy the yonng girl. Salilh Pasha declares that he never gave any such order. The Porte has determined to sift the matter to the bottom, and to punish the guilty parties."
SHIP -ATFWS. T.TVPP1'-l * - The Will am s, arrived h ere fros Rio Hache, encountered a vioTeut. warla, joDlyboat, had decks swvept, &c. . 67 IV., lostbulArrved-Thvomt,e, fom t. ohns, ew nmswirk-the Villa d'Aqua, from Briudirsil-ctherComnfSuciuJs, frnom 5Breme n.lne eVL SaileL-Tne Gleaner, for A-ntverp-the Ada and the Wills0 Thomas, for Newfoundland-the Elizaheth, for Rotterdam-the John Clement, for Mersina-the Voles, for Gibraltar. Wind, AntIsL 14. Ssiled.-Tbe Success, for Jamaicanthe Esther and Sophne, for lfaracaibo-tbeWYesbaerelanst foeQoebec-the Eotheo, forValparais0 --thne Queen, thne Hibernia, and the Ant, for NRew.foan;Dland-tho In- vinible, for Africa-the WYizard Ring, for Calcutta-the .ismnona, for Cua-the Patterson, for N;ew Orleans. fon,daouTsi, April 13.-Arivcd..The Julia and Maria, from Syra, for orders. RUrsnGAn, April 13-The Waterlily, from Nevport for Hamburg which put in here on the lith of April very leaky, is dischargieg part oF her cargo to enable her to be placed on the sli pway. Sr. DAVan's, April 12.-The smack Jane, from Barrow to Neath, stranded at Abereddey, broke up yesterday afternoon, and basbecomrea totalwneck; the whole of the materials saved; cargo, iron ore, lost. LlsBo;. April 8.-Heavy rains have caused a very heavy fresh in the Tagus, and some damage has been done in the 9uadro by vessels draglog their anchors and gecing foul. The Mary \_ akeham has lost bowsprit, &c., and the Petrel. loaded for Rio Grande, has lost bulwarks and stanchions. The Canad, which sailed hence, after repairing, for M5adras on the 7th of Mfarch, w as fallen in wTith on the 5th of April puttigback heme with lose of lsowsprit andte)maals. The Portug*ese w.ar-steamer DonLoin has since been in search of her, hut reterned this aftemnoon wiithout having mietwoith her. As the wvind has occasionally bcen to the north of wvest, shemrsy have gone to Cadir, Whben left by te steamer M5adi.d she waus about 32 miles wTest by south of Cape F.AYA1., Mardi 2.-The Jessie Craig, from CaDlao for Qoeenstern. w.ent ashore attagores on the 17th of January;- cargolost:- crow arrived here. The Fannie, from Matonras for the Clyde,f was abandoned 80 milei seuth-westof Flores in a sinking state; crew landedJau 24 and since arrived here. i.The Rubicon. from New York for TEmden, ran eshore on the northern part of this island very leaL.-; crew arrived here.~~~~~~~~~~ce BELFA&ST, April 11.-The Bothemay, of Pfull, from Lirerpoolferflaw. fax-, Nova Scotia, vwas abandoned in a sinking state on the 27th of Idreb, in Lot. 40 N., long. 5D W. * one man drowined. TOBmAGO, March 2i,-The Agnes Smith, of and from London for tbe Clyde wof totally destpar°ioyed byfireatScarborough in this island on the 13thof arc, wth artof er arg, sgarandnun onboard, and aLso part of her outward cargo, generaL, still resnatmag. GRAVESEND, AoPr 13. (BY SuBm NE A-N BEsrnsc Txseioj.) (From Lloyd's.) Arrived.-The City of Rotterdam, from Dunkirk-the steamer Magnet, from Harlingen-the American Congress, from New York-the msger Marie, from Randers-the Casar, from Athens-the Ocean Bride, from Havre-the St. Jago, from Porto Cabello-the Minerra, from the Maumitius-the Susan, from Nassau-the Gipsy Queen, from Licata. Arias, 14, 9.30. a m.at-Wns BE; tide first liour's ebb; cloudy. ArTivd.-The steamer Fvenood, from Rotterdam-the Ravens_ bourne, fromAntwerp-the steamer City of Hamburg, from Hamburg -the Lykkens Prove, from Prastww-the Albertus, from Hamburg -the Atlas, from Frederickstadt-the Heinrich, from Bremen-the Wohlfarht, from Memel-the Lionne, from Gravelines. Sailed.-The Clyde, for Sydney-the 3Mforist for Port Philip-the Royal Sovereign, for Melbourne. 1 p.m.-Wfnd, El; tide, 5 hous' ebb; fine. ArriveL-The Furet, from Gravelines-the Aurora, from Fredericksball-the Jacob Unger, from Stromstadt. Sailed.-The Friends, for Xonigsberg-the Mary, for Memel. 3 ,pa.-Wind, E.N.E, very strong ; tide, 1 hours flood; cloudy. No arrivals. Sailed.- The Maggie, for Honrgkong. 7.30 p.m-Wind, EN.E., very strong; tide, 25 hours' flood; weather, ralning. Arrived.-The steamer Wilberforce, from Hamburg-the Alarm, from Rotterdam-the Fenner, from Leer-the Annette, from EmdentheNaPoleon, from Gottenburg-the Veracity, from Landscrona-theWave, from Medemblik. Sailed.-The BaDarat, for Geelong-the Sheleg, for the Canaries. DEAL, ArinL 14. (Br SmxArmz AlSO BRrss TETZop.AySJ (From floyd's) 9 a.rn.-Wmd, N.E.; modernte. Passed.-The Neptune and the Eagle, both from Sunderland for Madras-the Alabama, from Shields for St. Stephen's-Her Majests gunboat No. 14. from the River for Portsmouth. Anchored.-The ship Blanchard, from Charleston forBrcmen. Sailed.-The Lord William Bentincl-, for Quebec-the Elim aud Hester, for Constantinople. N'oon.-Wind, N.E. ; fresh. Passed.-The Robert Dixon, from Newcastle for Alicante-the bark George Canning,from the North forthe Westward-Her Majeshs ga boat No. 17, Blue Division, from the River for Portsmouth. Anchored.-The Corsair, from Syra for London. The Avon remains with a refractory crew. 2 p.m.-Wind, N-E.; strong breeze, with rain. Passed.-The Triton, from London for Quebec-the Mlary Ann, from London for Hobart Town-the Merse, from London for Rurracheethe Dolce Nombre de Jesus, from London for Liverpool-the bark Anne, from the North for the West-the Pacific, from Shields for Madeira. Parsed on the 13th.-The Diana, from Hartlepoel for Iquique. 7.30 p.m.-ind, NX.E. by N.; strong. Arrived and Passist-The Hercules, from Frederickshal for raimbreuf-the Marie. from Christiansand-tlhe Marie Therese, from Gottenburg for Boston-the Glenorehy, from London for GlasgOw-thle Idas, from London for Port Talbot-the Clyde, from London for Sydney. V;sEsrs Spoxcr Wrra. The Hannah Fowvnes, from Callao for Qucenstoirn MIarch 5, in lat, 27. long. 3L The Australia, from Amsterdarm Feb. 1, in lat. 35 S., long. 2S E 'The Schyyd, from Guayaquil for Cowes, March 31, in lat. 3! N.,. lon. IVW. The Sumnatra, Mareh 17, in lat. 19 N.. long 38 r. The Rosin, 3March 30, in lat. -O N.. long. 37 IV. The Escort, April 11,35 mniles R.N.E. of Start Point The steamer Avon. from Southaxmpton for the Brazils, March 27, in lat. 10 N., long. 28 W. The steaner Donna Maria Segunda, vhich had spoken the first of tho Havre line of steamers for the Brazils. The Dombar bound north-west, April C, in lat. 34 X., long. 14 W. The Prince Athur, from London for Mobile, March 24, in lat. 27 X., long. 40 W. The Countess of Bective, from Swansea for Cuba, April 10, in lot. SIN., long.7W. The Wfilliam Pratt, from Liverpool for Quebec, April 10. HIGH WATER AT L0NDON-BRTDGE THIS DAY. Morning .. 55 mrin after 10 I A fternoon .. 30 min. otter 11
EDUCATIOx l? Scom D.-Two Governent bills, just brought in, refer to education in Scotland. One empowers town-councils to levy sums of money, assessed on property, for the purpose of establishing and maintaining schools in burghs, the schools to be under the management of t,he town-council. The rate mnust not exceed Id. in the pound. The other bill enacts that the amount of the salaries of parochial schoolmasters in Scotland, after Martinmas next, shall be not less than351.,normore than 01., and that wvhere two or more schools have been established in one parish the salary of any one of the teachers shall be not less tlan251., nor more than351. Schoolmastersmay apply for an increase of salary froni time to tine. They will not hencefors'h berequired to profess or subscribe any confession of faith. LAdvertiseulent.]-" The Wife's own Book of Cookery" is illusrated with above 250 descriptive engravings, and contains 1,500 original receipts, adapted to al incomes. It includes eonomnic methods of roasting, boiling, broiling, and -tewing meat, fasb, poultry. an tables; inepenave instructions for mabing pica, puddin dall other past how to pickie and preserve frmits In imvegetables: cookeeryforinvabidaand children: and plain directions. oncearring. This is a rmarkably useful book, price 3s. aL The new books, "El eg3ant Artvs for Ladies," 3s. 6d.; end "ilech.ctein'^ Hiandbook of Cage-birds," 2s. 6dL, shosuld bo found us'on every drasringroons table. They are profusclyjdiustratc Londou,Wlard andILock, 156,. [Advertisement.]-" The Pirates of the Mississippi."-Im [ fcap. 5vo, price Is. 6L, fancy boards, or free by post for a0 stamnp, "TLhePirates of the Mississippi," by EYederiek-Gerstacker. This is no fiction, buta true narrative of wild, daring, and exciting adventure. The scene of the story is laid upon one of the islands that stud the " mighty2d isessrppit where aband of pirates had fixe their retreat and from wcich nightly excursions were made, carning terror ainL desolationformnesroud. The incidents withwhich the tale is replete are narrated in language so clear and expressive that the interest of the reader is enbsted in the frast chapter and thoroughly sastained to the end. London, George Routiedge and Co.. rarriandon-street. [Advertisenient.j-In the Parlour Library is published to-da. " Jack Tier, or the Florida Reef." a moostexciting naval story of e Mexican War, by J. Fenimore Cooper. Also now' ready in fancy covers, by Alfred Crowquill, Mr. G. P. R. Jamnes's " Darnley, or' tbe]nield of the Cloth of Gold," "DeLorLna," " Henry Masterton,"and "PhilipAAugustus,"pricels. 6d e.Lch- Lately published, "Marriage,' and the " Inheritance," by liss Ferrier. Captain Trelawney's most, l,opularwork"TheAdventuiresof a Youmger Son." on thelst of May. -"The rhantom Rtegimenet, or a Story of Ours," by James Grant, iq Jnst ready. London, Thomas Hodgeon, 13, Paternoster-row. [Advertlsensent.]"Jounmal of Adventures with the tbArm ecommeuement of the war to the fall of Sebstool,by t. avedleTaylor, late 95th Rite-;ment. 2 vets., just publshe. "Tis orkposses,es many qualilleatiuns wvhich should causeit tobowidelycirculated and generally popular. It is remarkable sEabeigtbe preduetion of amilitarsamateur, thatis to say, of alt officer who had. recenty quitted the army, anduwbo went tothe CrimnesL simdplytpo obtainainfoaatifon. Few book-s have given a more foroiblo and mparialarraiveof the events of the war, or sliown fortlh mvir early t conusion and suffering occasioned by official ismf an5cimnt. O n &thewhole, it may be saafel rarln iamong the most suceCO in1 works en the campnign."-"SsmI-
SALES BY AUCTION. Knoclkholt, Kent. n R. THORP begs to announce that this ESTATE, M advertised for sale at Garraway's on Thursday, the 17th instant, has been DISPOSED OF by Private Contraet.-Auction and estate offices, 26, Upper Albany-street, Regent's-park. Book Sale, Hastings. fESSllS. BOYKETT BREEDS, and SONS beg 1 . to announce that the SAih of the entire, extensive, and choice LIBRARY of BOOKS, &e., advertised to take plaee at the Royal Swan Hlotel, on Thursday and Friday, the 17th and 18th days of April, is POSTPONED.-April 10, 1856. A Consignment of choice Foreign Cigars. lUR. SlTGRAVE will SELLF by AUCTION, at .JJ1J his R.ooms. 2S. Leadenhall-street, on Tuesday, April 22, at 1 orecisely, a CON'SIGN'fMENT of fine OLD FOREIGN- CIGARS. of supsnlor quality and wrell conditioned, comprising severat favourite brands,t in lots to suit private conumners, tavern kee.pers, and others. Slay ho viewed morning of sale, and catalogues had at the rooms. In Banlkruptcy.-To Carpenters, Builders, and others. MR. SITGRAVE vill SELL by AUCTION on MYL the Premises, Regent's Canal Bank, Rhodes' WVell-road, linehouse (near the Edminburgh Castle Tavem), on Wednesday. April 23, at 12, by directioin of the Assignees of George William Knight, the STOCK-in-TRADE of a BUILDER, comprising 25,000 feet ran of 2-inch to -1inch cut stuff, 12 to 20 feet lengths- 2 000 feet of fir scantling, 40 &-foot 3 in. deals, scaffold poles, boards, and cords, putlogs,work benches, ladders, ironmongery, brass work, Eash weights, scalesand weights, stone. slates, bricks, and a variety of useful materials. May be viewed on Tuesday. 2Pd, and catalogues had on the prenises; of Wm. Pemnell, Esq., oUicial assignee, 3, Guildhall-chambers; of Messrs. F. and T. Gole, solicitors, 49, Lime-street, Britannia Tavern, Limehouse; New Globe, Mile-end; and of the auctioneer, at his rooms and otlees, 283 Leadenhall-street. o. 2S, Wallbrook-street. New North-road-Stock, Fixtures, Furiture, and Effects of a Grocer and Cheesemonger.-Absolute Sale. lESSRS. GREEN and SON will SELL by AUC- MVJTION, on the Premises, as above, on Thursday, April 17, at 12 for 1. the STOCLK and FLXTURES of a Grocer and Cheesemonger, wvhich aze of the usual description; alter which the capital Household Furniture comprising mabogany and japanned chests of drawers, mahogany wTarrobe, waslistands, dressing glasses, mahogany four-post and other bedsteads, bedding, mahogauy Ioo and dining tables. pianoforte sofas, chairs, chimey-glasses. carpets, rugs, china, glass, crockery, a Baker's patent mangle, kitchen utensils, &c also two excellent spring vans, chaise, spring cart, capital single-bioiedphaeton. superior cart mare, sets of harness. chaff-cutting machine, and numerous useful effects. May be viewed the lay prior and morning of sale. Catalogues had on the premises; at the auctioneers' offices, 18, Hatton-g6rden; and at their sale rooms, 44. Farringdon-street, city. In Bankiruptcy.-Re W. Shore.-Valuable Lease and Goodwill of teie Trade of a Painter, Plumber, Glazier, and Oil and Colourman. MESSRS. GREEN and SON Nill SELL by AUC- 1 TION, at their Sale Rooms, 44, Farrmngdon-street, on Wednesday, April 23, at 12 for 1, the valuable LEASE of those extensive, commanding, and first-rate BUSLNESS PREMIsES, situzate at Northend, Croydon, within fiveminutes' wal- of the railway station; also the goodwill of the highly profitable trade of a painter, plumber. glazier, and oil and colour man, which has been conducted on the foregoing roemises: they are very roomy, and adapted for any business; held asc the very low rent of £47 5s. May be viewed, and particulars had on the premises: of W. Bell, Esq.. offlicial assignee; of Messrs. Sole Turner, aud Turner, solicitors. 68, Aldermanbury; at the rooms: an4 at the auctioneer's offices, 18, Hatton-garden. !Nos. 24 and 25, l.oyal 3lint-street, Minories.-Clearance Sale.-To Tallowchandless, Oil and Colourmen, Fixture-dealers, and others. -IAESSRS. GREEN and SON will SELL byAUC- 1M. TION. on the Premises, 24 and 25, Royal Mint-street, without reserve, on Tuesday, April 22, at12 for 1, the remaining STOCK in TRADE, Plant, and Fixtures, of a TALLOWCHA?NDLER and OILf INIAN; comprising 100 dozen dip candies, 10 tons fine French ochre, brimstone, saltpetre,blacklead, oils, turns, paper, &c. exceUent iron windlass, iron cotton-cuttinz machine, talloiv press, mahogany-top counters, very superior nest of 123 and ether drawers, ehimney-shalt and brickwork, gasfittings, oil cistems, weights, scales, measures. e.xcelent tilted cart en springs, light spring van, caPital black mare (five years old), spring truck, haruss, &c. On viewv the day prior and morning of sale. Catalogues had on the premises; at the auctioneers' offiesE, 18, Hattongarden, and their sale rooms, 44, Farringdon-street, citY. Mil-en, Mddlsex an vauabe Feehld uilingLand, Stratford, =^lI R. J ACKSOrN is instructed to submit to public I COMNIPETITION, at the Auction Mart, on Tuesday. 28th inst., at 12, TWO DWVELLINTG-HOUSES, Nos. 12 and 13, Park-terran, Canal-read, Mile-end; each let at v 21 per annum; held for a long term at a moderate ground rent. Also a Piece of Freehold Building Land, nearly one acre, situate on the Chobham Estate, Stratford, Evssex; and Twvo Plots in Edith-road. Particulars mray be had at the Mnart; Guumaker-' Arms, Canal-road; Swan Inn, Stratford; of H. D). Draper, Faq., 45, Vincent-square, Westminster; and of the aug. tioneer, 11, Assembly-rwv, Mlile-end-road. Valuavble and important Engraved Steel and Copper Plates, from the Stock of .Messrs,Ackermann Co., sold in consequence of a dissolution of partnership. R ORTBGATK and BARRETT will SELL by ACTION, at their Rooms, 22. Pleet-street, To-morrow (Wlednesday) Evening, at 6, the important COILECTIOS of ENsGRaVED STEEL and COPPER PLATES, with remainder of impreassions end the copyrights, comprising a great variety of large subjects from pictures by the most celebrated masters, engraved by distinguished artists. MIay be viewved and catalogues had. nreserved Sale.-3t 1 ton Villas, Millbrook-road, Brixton,.-Estimated annual value, £?230. M,R. ROBERT IKENYON will SE'LL by AUJCiLL TIONXat thelIart, on Friday. April 18, at1 precisely, in two lets, ELEVEN newvly-erected genteel VILLA ESIJIENCES. situate Nos. 3 to 13, MllUton Villas, llisilbrook-ro ad, Brixton. For paLrticulars and conditions of sale apply at the Mart; to Messrs. Paterson and Longrnan, solicitors, 68, Old Broad-street, Royal Exchange ; or to fr. tobert akenyon, auctioneer, 1. Copthall-chambers, Gopthall-eout, near the Bank. Genteel Purniture and Efects.-By Mr. J. FUll ER, on the Premises, 113 Albany-street, Regent's-park, on Thursday, April 17, at 12, by direction of tne Proprietor (the house being let unfurnished), E excellent Furniture, &c., scomprising modern mahogany f our-post and French bedstZeads, feather beds and beding, marble-tsp wvashstands, mahogany loo table, cheffonier, couch, gets of chars, Brassels carpets, framed engravings, and the usual effects of a moderate-sired residence. May be viewed the day prior and mornng of sale. Catalogues on the premises, and of the auctioneer, 161, Albany-street. Regent's-park. The Third Portion of the Abbey-honac Estate, Bermondsey, Surrey.- 21 elgible Freehold Dwellng-houses, land-tax redeemred. ~jjR. HJ1sIPRREYS will SELL by AUCTION, at IL Garrawvay's, en Monday. the 28th inst., at 12, by order of the surviving Executor of the late al:r. George Stevens, irn separate lots, 24 newly-built FREEHOL1D ]YWELLINUIOUSE5, with yards and appurtenances, terming the whole of Prince-street, Bermondacy, near the Old Ch Rch. Retals £e528 annum. Particulars, with plans annexed, to be had of 'Mr. Joseph Finton, the Eecutor, 1S, Rileystrect, Riuisell-street, Bermonclsey: lMr. PhiUips, colector to the estate, 166. Bermondsey-street ; .Mr. Fredk. Hatton solictor, 17,Essexstreet, Strand; Mlr. Thoes Humphreys, solicitor, 14, East India-char bers. Leadebhall-strect; at Garraway's; and of the auctioneer 61 Leadenhall-street. Building Materials.-Wallington, Surrey. M R. GEO. EANCE has been favoured with instruc- tions from the Proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, in lots, all the range of buildings known as the FLOCK lILLS and BRUSH FACTORY, Wallington, near Carshalton, Surrey, on Wlednesday, the 10th of April, at 11 for 12, without reserve (in consequencoeof the land beiug required for other purposes); comprising a large quantity of brickwork, timber of roofs, floor boards, joists, quartering, featner-edge boarding, slating, 11,000 sound pantiles, glazed lights and sashes, quantity of doors and partitioning, Yorkshire and other stone, capitl 14-f , fan water-mDIn wheel, withli,itwo large cog flywheels, and all the iron work attached, together with other effects. May be viewed two days previous to the sale. and catalogues had on the premises; at the inns at Beddington. Wallington, and Carshalton; and of Mr. Geo. Banco, auctioneer and estate agen'. 117, High-street. Croydon. Blackheath, Lewisham, and Greenwich.-Valuable Freehold and Lease- hold Dweling-houses and Shops. MR. ROGERS will SELL by AUCTTION, at the oe Dover Castle Inn, Broadway, Deptfosd. on Thursday, April 17, at 2 for 3, in four lots by direction of the Trustees for the fanily of the late SIr. and Mrs. besgrand, TWO LEASEHOLD DW.ELL.NGHOUSES, with threo Shops, in Montpeller-vale, Blackheath, let on lease at £51 a year, and held ata very low ground rent. in the occupation of Messrs. Buckingham, Payne, and Wenham ; a respectable Leasehold Dvelling-house, at Lewishamn-hill, let to Mmrs. Allen, at £42 a year; a Freehold lHouise and Shop, near to Deptford-bridge, let to ler e Sauel Turner, at £15 a year; and Two Freehold Dweling houses, in Cross-street, Holmesdale, Lewisham, let to Messrs. Abbott and Staples. at £20 a year. May be viewed by leave of the tenants any day preceding the sale (Sunday excepted). Particulars of B. K. Randell, Faq., solicitor, 5, Lalurence Pouniney-lano; P;. D. Francis, Esq., solicitor. 4, Meonumeat-yarI, London; Robert Parker, FaSq., solictor, tGrenenewich; ^Gar3rmaway's; at the place of sale; and of Mir. Rogers, auc- Riichmond-hill. immediately facing the Terrace, with ito world-wtdo .admired vieW, and neasr the entrance to the park. M /R. JOHN DA.WsON wvill SELL byAUCTION, J '.. at th lark, To-morrow, the 16th A\pril, atl12, that canitel ad very attractive residence SICK HlOUSE, adapted in all its arrangunents for a gentlunan's family, writh portico 1nO balconies, plate-gl1ass windowvs, and mnodern ctecorations. Tho homse coutamns entrance hail, a library, and a dining room, on the entrance dloor; elegant drawing rooms occupying the whole of the firstnfoor, and there areeight bed chamberXson the tw up=per doom: linen score, housemsie-s emoset, cabtoets, cc. TWhe domestic oftices consist of housekeeper's and butler's rooms, good coUnarag.e veryT convenient kitchen, scullery, larder, and other off ces, This deuightful residence is in hand, and a purchmser wouldd have eccapa flea on completing the purchase. It is copyhold of Richmond MLanor. sulbject to trifling quit rent and fines on death or alienation nzo heriots. To be viewed with orders. Particulars, with conditions of .sae, may be had of Mlessrs. Powell.' Broderip, and W97Dde,9, Newv-square, LwingoIn's-inn, solicitors; WVm. Day, Easq., 1, Queen-street, MLayfair, sehestor - at the Ma1rt; and at hlr.J. Diawoon's auction and agency offices. I<ngstou. Surrey. and 49. Pall-mall. Winslow, Blucks.-By Mlr. JAMEES KtING, at the George Inn, Winslow, on Wednesday, AprDl23. at 30o'clock in the afternoon, subject to the conslitions of sale to be then and there prosluced, unales previouasly dlisposed of by private contract, A Very convenient rind delightfully sittrate Family Z Residence, into the property and in the occupation of John Cnowley. Esq., deceased, with pleasure grounds, stabllng, and other nuildings, and seven acres of rich pasture land; also 11 acres of pasture land, nearly adjoining. To persons reqtuiring a pleasantly situate and roomY residence this property is particularly desimble, as it commands an extensive view over the Chiltern Hills, and houses of its sise and convenience are rarely to be met with in this neighbourhood. To a sporting gentleman it Offers unusual attractions, Winslowr being one of the favourite meete of Lord Southampton'n celebrated pack of hounds; and tho advantage of the railway to any part of LSord Southampton's or MIr. Thompson's hunts, and the pro.ximity of WVinslow to Baron Rothschild's meets render it a favourite recort forthose gentlemen who wish for SiX days' hunting in the week. To a capitalist, as an investment, the advantages of this1 p roperty are obvious;* from the shortness of betel accommnodation in - WVinslow, a clubhouse for the gentlemen of the hunts, together with stablmng and exercising ground for the horses, and accommodation for servants, for all of which this property affords amPle room, wrould return a good perceentage. To view the property a ply to the auctioneer, and for printed panrticulars to Mfessrs. King andBud, solictors, Buck- the auctionteerat h9is officesnWinsvlow.i- oEtr lViso;o Freeho:ds, Orchard-street and St. Ann's-street, Westminster. ESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART and TRIST 1 have received instructions to offer for SAEU at the Mart. on Friday April 18, at 12, in one lot. a valuable FRESHOLD PROPERlt, having s.frontage to Orchard-treet of S aout92feet, and in the immediate vicinity of the Westminseter improvement. It oonsi#t of a dwelling-houe and gr r 6UOp No. 16. St. Ann's-streetand a house aQoiing, No. 68, Orchard-etret. in the occupation of Mm Ii n old tenant, it a sental of £ DMr annum; also tiree 69, 70, and n1, Orc rd-stree let to Mr. Crowr, aia rental ot £30 per annum. May be iewved by permtn of the tenanb, and rticuavrs hd of 3es Wadeson snd toalfeson, 11, Ausriffriare; of ay. Johnston, Fatquhar and it eech , . r oI gate- et: at the Mart; and of Messrs. Norton. Hoggart. andTrist, 62, Oldrod-street. Royal Exchange. Policies in the Pelican ^ife-office. M ESSRS. NfORTOlN, HIOGART and TRIST 1 have received instructions to offer for SAiE. at the Mart, on Friday. April 18, at12, in three lots, aPOLgICY for d300, effected in the Pelican Life Insurance-office, upon the life of a geutlen now aged 78; annual premium£1 la s: a Policy for £220, effected in the amne offlce, upon the hife of the same gentleman; annual premium. £ 713a. 6d . and a Policy for £400. effected in the same office, un the fe of agernleman nowy aged86, annual premnium £2i5Sa d.lPartienlars meaybe had of Mfessrs Vradeson and Macsn 11, Austfnfriara, of Messrs. J0hnston, Farqubas, and Lveec, 65, Moorgate-sareet; at the hIart; and of Mfessrs b orton. Hioggart. and Trist, 62. Old Broad-street. Shares in Putney and Fulhamn Bridge. paYing a dividend of 6 per cent. and oruferring Votes for SurreY and Middlesex ]ESSRS. NORTON, HOG lART, and TRIST have received instructions to offer for SALE by AUCTION, at the ;Mrt, on Friday, April 18. at 12, in jour lute of £125 each. ONEHALF PART or SHAREc of £1,800 in Falham and Putney bridge,and the Tolia arisiu6therefrom. The dividends are payable quarterly. and for severai years have averaged at the rate or s ser cent. per annum. Parti.culars may be had of MIessr. Hare and Whtfield, Mlitre-court, Temople; at the Mart; and of Messsa. b'orton, Hoggast, andTrist, 62, Old Broad-street. Royal Exchange. Valuahle Freehold Public-iouse, Lower East Smithfield. M ESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST have received instructions to offer for SALE, at the Mart, on Friday, April 18, at 12, the COCK and LION FREEHOLD PUBLICHOUSE and GIN.-SHOP. situate in Lower East Smithfield, opposite the brewery of Messrs Hoare, in an excellent position for business, and containing bar bar parlourI largoe tap room, five bed rooms, three attics. with beer and spirit cellars: in the occupation of Mr. Scull; let on lease for a term which will expire at Michacma. 1882, at a very moderate rent of £96 per annum. May be viewve by permission of the tenant, and particulars had of Messrs Dawes and Sons, Angel-court, Throgmorton-street* Mcssrs.Crosse, Hatton-court, Threa3aeedUe-streetat the Mart; and oe Messrs. Norton. Hoggart, andTrist. 62, OldBroadstreet, Royal E-xchange. WellcIose-square, St. George's in the East andDuxe-street, Spilfields. TMfESSRS. NORTON, HO(GGIT and TRIST 1 L have received instructions to offer for SAE at the Mrt on FPiday. April1S, at 12, in lots, a valuable net FREEHOLD RENTALof £152 12s. 4d. (with reversion in 185)1, amply securedupon andarising out of avery extensive property, situate No.13, Wdldccessre, and ep. tune-street, St. George's in the East, comprisingtheSessiohouse, containing Court, Magistrate's, and Grand Jury rooms, dressmg room and bed rooms, communicating in the rear withthe King'sArmsPublic-house. containing bar, bar parlour, tap room, slittle ground, lock-up aheds, and a large piece of garden, in the occupation of Mr. Allen. The property has a frontage to Weliclose-square. a frontage to Neptunestreet of upwards of 130 feet, extending a considerable depth, and oocu. pying a very large site of ground. The whole let onlease to the Couisssionersof Her .ajest's Tteasury for a term which wi expire in 18S6, at a rental of £185 14s. 10d. per annum, less land tax. A Freehold Dwvelling-house, situate No. 34, Wdelcoso-square, containing two parlours, four bed rooms, and kitchens,; let to Mr. WVaters, at £10 per nnum. Aso a Freehold Dwvdlig-house, situate Rio. 21, Duke-street. Spitaldeds, of the value of £d 0 per annum. May be viewed by per mission of the tenants, and particulars had of Messes. Dawes and Sons, Angel-court, Throgm frton-streeta Messrs. Crosse. Hatton-court Threadneedle-street; at the Mart; ef nd 01 Messrs. llorton, Eoggart, and Trial. 62, Old Broad-street, toi-al Exchange. E reehold Cottage Residences Tua ham-green. "JE SSRS. iNORTON, HO4GGRTt and TRIST have received instructions to offr for SAL at the Mart, on Friday. April tS, at 12, a comfortable FREEHOLD COTTAGE RJESIDENCE, pleasantly situate on Turnham-green, opposite the new church, and containing three bed rooms and attic, tw o parlours, kiitchens, irash-hosse and cellars, with email garden in front and rear; in hand,lbut-of the fairpannual vriuetofn£30. Immediatelpossessionmay be had. May be viewed, and particulars had of Messrs. Adamson and Sons. house agents, Turnhru-greend of Messrs. tioey and HaoSEL solicitors, Three Crow.n-square, Borough:* at the jlart;* and of Messrs. Norton. Eoggart, and Trist. 62, Old Broad-street, Royal Exchange. Hackiney and Limelsouse-lielda.-Valuable Leasehold Estates, pro- ducing £126 2s. per annum. M [R PEAE will SELL by AUCTION, at thse b A Mart, on Wednesday, May 7, at 12, FOUR LEASEHOED DWELLING-eOUSeiS, situate Nos. 1 to 4, WYick-mrad, Hackneywich let at £7 poss per annum; and a lesehold estate, situate for. 1, 2, and 3, north side of Burn-street, hEenry-street, Luehouse-fisldso vith a COttyge and plot of gromnd in te rear, let to good tenants, at £6412s. per annum. Slay be viewed and particulars ohtained of DuEr. John Butler.eum., solicitor, Tooley-street;aththe Mart;and tMr. Penke's offices for the disposal of estates. 4I. Tooley-strset. Southwark. To Angiers-Shepperton, a short distance from the Walton Station.- DeightiulCottage Residence and ISAcresof Land. M R. PEAKE is favoured with instructLons to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday, M a 7 at 12, a FREEHOLD detached COTTAGE RESIDENCEsand COI;YOLD ID, situate in the village of Shepperton, near the WalViton Station with immediate possession, comprising coach-house and stabngfor six horses, lawn, flower and kitchen gardens, in a8i acres. To be viewed by application to Thomas Heather, on the premises, at the Ship inn Halliferd: and particulars obtained of D. Hughes, Esq., No.3, a iresham-street. Guilfdha; and at Mr. Peand e's of1ices, 4r 4 Teoley-street. Southwvark. Clapham and Peckhant-Fceehold and Leasehold Estates. lIjR. PEAEE iSs directed to SELL by AUCTIONT .LYJ at the SMart, on Wednesday May 7, at 12 t Oe ssu bstantiai FREEHiOLD DWE:Lb,ING-HOU S G situate Nos. ieto 4, Coerlandgrove. Larkha'd-l&ne. Clphamu. letat £81per annum, andTwo Leasehold Houses, Nec. 7 andS, ualsicgham-place, Sumner-streeb. Commercial-road, Peelianm, of the value of £39 per annum, andkan improvedground rentof £3 per adnum arisingfrom 9. WValsingham-place. SMay be viewved bY permissionwof the ten'nts. Particulars obtained of EH. Sturmy, Eq.. solicitor, Wellington-street. London-bridge; of D. Hughes, REsq, solicitar. 13. Gresham-street; of Mr. WVells, Surrey: house, Coleman-street. CaoFbere-el l and at Mr. Peakc's ohices for ths disposal of estates, 44, Tooley-street. Southwark n Grangne-road, Bermondasy. and Bermondsey-streel.---Yluable Freehold andea}ehold Estates, producng £178 per nnLum. M R. PEAI(E is favoured with instructions to SELL u sJ by AUCTIONX, at the SMart, on Wednesday, Slay 7, at12, i lots, a FRXEEHIOLD ESTATE, Nos. 119, 120, and 121, Bennondreystreet. let on lease at £128 per annum, Also, the substantial briekbuilt residence, situ ate No.9. formerlcy No. 10, Grange-road, Bermondsay, lately in the occupation of Henry Stcrry, Faq., equal to freehold, being held for upwards of 880 -ears free of ground rent. May be viewed by permission of the tenants, Particulars, with conditions of sale obtained of Mtssire, Steeand Robinson, solicitors, Parish-street, Southwvark; at the Mart;* and at Mr. Peakeas offices for the disposal of estates, 44, Tooley-street r Southw ark. To MIanufacturers, Brewers, Publicons, and othera.-Valuable Free- hold Estate, wNith Frontage to the Water Side. on the BSanks of the Surrey CanaS.-LBnd-taDe redeemed. jtR. PEAKE is directedto SELL by AUCTION, 1I L at the MIart, on WVednesday, May 7, at 12. a substantial brickbuilt FREEHOat D TAVERN know;n as the Britanmia, Britaonraplace, Eatcham Nes-toawn, vitis every capability for conum.tinga largo trade; also, a Plot of Freehold Land adjoinmig, the wshole comprising an area of nowards of 7,000 superficial feel, and whel suited to manufacturers, brewnes, and others, requiring great extent of premises, an immediato Vossession thereof ran be hadt. MIay be vsewved upion applicattion to enrmy .Speeding, of 20, Charles-place. Biatham S,ew-to;n, near the property, and particulars obtained at the Rising Sun. Old Kent-road; of Messrs. Baxter, Rose. and Norton. solicitors, 3, Parkstreet, W oestminster- at theuMart; andoat Mr. Peak-'sofcesforthe disposal of estahtes, 4i, Tooled-street, Soutlusark. Enfield, Middlesex,-Vaunable A~ccommodation L and. 1UESSRS. BEHDELA and SONS have received in- ,CN stractions to SEiLL by AUCTION, at the Marl, on Tuesday hpri 22, at 12, in one lot T O valuable FR2EEHOLD ENCLOSURES ot PAESTARE L cND, inown as Nunc Pields, containing ia, 2r. Spat situate on the north side of the New River, with fron?tage to Parsonage-lane and near to Baker-street, in the towin of EnneldL at which is the Termnnal station of the 1 sfield Branch of the Eastern Counties Railway. The land in in tse occupation of Mr. Wlliiam I'eunyfather, a yearly tenant, at the rent of £42 per annum. Particulars and conditions of sale mlay be obtained of J.G. Hepburn Esq., 12, CopthaU-. court, Ths-ogmnorton-street ; of MIessrs.Venning, Naylor, and Robins, 9, Tol;enhouse-yard; at the Mlart ; and of Messrs. Beadel and Sons, 26, Greshama-street, calty andat enM alis trenham-stret.-Freehold House and Shops. Cp -SSRS. d DmF nEL and SONS hoave receivedin- 1istroctions to SELL by AUCTION, at the bart, on Tuesday, A rl 22 at 12, iu one lot, the capital EOUSE and SIOPS, known as 146 Leadenial-street, in the o.cupation of Messrs. Butters, Gordan and Yateman, at rents amountig to £300 Per anndum. The situation of these valuable freehold premises, opposite the East India house. near the Bank of England, the Eschange. the colonial and foreign markets, in a main thoroughfare in the heart of the city, renders them eligibla either for business or anna seeuroinveatmlent, Particulars mnay be obtained of MIessrs. Wordsworth, Greathead, and Blake, soliditors. South Sea House, Threadueedle-street: at the Auction MIart; and Of MIessrs. Beadel and Sons, 25, Gresha a-street. Small leasahiold Estate, East-street, Manchester-square. ]AESSRS. OXENHAMI and SONS will SELL by IL7L AUCTION, at their Rooms, 363, Oxford-street. near the Pan. theon/ THIS DAY, April 15, at 1 for 2 panctualiy, a small L.EASE.- HOI,D ESTATEi, consisting of a capitally built residencee, 71i, Eaststreet, Manchester-squarec held for an unexpired term of years, producing a net reetal Of £1817s. per annum. The house may be viewned by permission of the tenant. Sunday excepted, Particulars had of Messrs. Fuler and SallEDl. sol citorS, Canton-chambers, Rogent-streetM and at hessrs. Oxenhan's offices, 13, Oxford-street, near the Pantheon. Capital modern Furiture, a splendid Grand Pianoforte by Erard, a deigrohordon ditto by Alison and Allison, of Dean-street. several othrs, Chimney-glanes, and numerous useful and op1ansental Mis cellasPics. /1 ESSRS. OXEIHAM and SONS will SELL by I AUCTION, at their Rooms. 363, Oxford-street, near the Fanthcon on Friday next, aite for 12 punctualUy, the capital modern FUR.kiTURE; consisting of walnut-tree. rosewvood, and mahogany chais, sofas, ouches, andweasy chairs, leo, eard, occasional, and other tables, chimney-glasses, cabinets and comodes, a spglendid grand pianoforte by Erard, a cottage ditto by Allison and Allison, of Deanstreet, several otliershby eminent makers, curtains, pedestal sideboards, sets of dining tables, bookcases, Brusselsi and other carpets, d.;Arabman, four-post, and secondary bedsteads and hangings, wvith bedding complete, wardrobes, dr.awers,wvasbstands, dressingtsbles, glases &;c,; plated articles, china and glass, the domestic requisites, and numerous effects. MIay be viewved on Thursday and morning of sale, and caWaogues had. This Day.-Yaluable Freehold and Leasehold Estates, producing a. rental of £580 Per annum. IJESSRS. PRICE and CLAR beg to announce iLl that their SAL,E of ESTATES, at Garrav;ay's, THIIS DAY, will he ARRAGED as followvs: LIl. Three Leshold Residences, Lowver Seymour-street, Portmansqluare. 2. A capital Leasehold Rtesidence, No. 5, Beaumont-street. Porilandplace. 3. Thbe Freeholds at BarnaburY-park, IsUlngton. comprising twvo dwelling-houses, business premises, and manges of stabinmg for SD horses, 48, Chancery-lane, April 15. Quality-court. Chaucery-lane,--Superior modern Furniture, some Paintings and Prints, a few dozen of Wines, &e. A/FESsRs. PRICE and CLJARK will SELL by 1 J AUICTIONZ, at their Rooms, as above, on Friday, April 18, at 11 for 12, an assemblage of hadsome F9URNITURtE, comprising m'swrood andv.ainut-tree centre tables, marqueterie and other cheffonipezr tapestry carpets, noble c himney-glasses, Spanish mahorany Pedctisiideboard, extendingdining tables, chairs in saet covered in mooc, easy chairs, couches, a rosewvood cabinet piano, glass chandel:er, pier glasses with girandoles, mahogany bedaleads, and capital leddting, chests of drawvers, marble-top wvashstand, ehevai glafsses, library tables, day prior, and catalogues had.y wd h Pianofortes, Harmonium a H arps Concertinas, and other Musical Instruments. MR. SCOTCLEE. is favoured with instructions to M SELL by AUCTION, at the Auction Mlart, on Tuesday, April 22, at 1 for 2, upwards of 10 new and second-hand PIANOFORTES by Broadwood, Cord, Yomum. Broadbridge,andothereminentmaker rl. also harmonhunms by Alexander, harps by Erard, de.; together with coneertinasfuts, flutaEOins, and other musical instruments; being the entire stock of Mecssrs. Wlillson and Co., of Cheinisford. Mraybe viewed the d.ay prior and morrunsg of sale. Catalogues had at the diast, or of the asuctioneer, 70, Mlortimer-street, Cavendiah-squaa-e. No. 3, Lyndhurst V illas, Lyndhurst-road, Peckham. R. G. SEAL will SELL bv AUCTION on the Premiser, To-morrow April 16 at 12, the superior modem FIJR - NlTU URE- *coaprising mahogany f our-post and Abian bedsteads feather beds and bedding, marble-top wash-stands, wvinged wardrob' chests of drawvers, chimney and dresing glasses, dralving, dining room andhlibrary furniture in rosewvood andSpanish m ahogany, brillian t-. toned 6-ocave cottage pianoforte in rosewood, gold watch and chaiD Brussels carpets, a1bout 480 saet of boos a proof prints, kitchen reqeicites, garden implements, erection Of aviary.&C heSay be viewed, and cBatalogues had don the premises, and at Mr. Seal's office, George-street, Exellent Business Premises, in the centre of Queen-street, Pores. MARVIN and KING will SELL by AUCTION, at 1 their Property Sale Rooms, 34, Queen-street, Portse, Tomorrow, April 16th, at 6 for 7 in the evening, in one or mo lots (unless previously disposed of by private contrast, of which due notice w ill be given I all those commandingly situate and substantially built FREEHOL , BUSIN ESS PREM lSES, Nos. l 5l and 152, queenstreet. Portsea, in the several occupations of dir. Samuel Horsey and Mlr. James Biden This property offers many and Eingular advantages, possessing, as it does, one of the most valuable frontages in the island of Porteas, the former in the occupation of Mr. Horsey, han a frontage of 21 feet 6 inehes and a depth of 130 feet, and onsuateof a commodious front shop, vwith bay windows, back ditto, elegant drawing room . breakast arlou, library, tbree bedrooms, two atti bath room, ample closets, ktchen. good learage,printing 0ofico, paved yard, and extensive garden, and the advantage of a Private side entrance. The adjoining neoperty, in the occapation of Mr. Biden, in- cludes a spacious front sr op, parour, draw ing and dining rooms, three bed rooms, attic, htchen, ana two drhy ellars with slipway, small paved yard and side entrance, its frontage being 19 feet and its depth 56 feet 6 incIses or thereabouts. The entire frontage of the two properties being 40 feet 6 inches and the depth 10 feet. May be viewed by leave of the tenants, and further particulars obtained of the auctUoneer FPort.em and $onthsea. -VSSRs C>ENotice -The Sibthorp Collection. IJrESSRS. CHRISTIE ancl MANSON res'pectfiflly L give notice. that the SALE of the celebrated COLLECTIOl. of the lateColonel Sibtborp, .LP.. in continued at their great Roown. Kiag-street, St- Jamess-sqUare, RIS DAY and the three following days The Collection of the late Samuel Rogers, Esq. WESSRS. CHRISTIE and MANSON respectfuUy 1 j.give notice, that theyhave received instructionsfrom the Execn. tors to SELL by AUCTI0N, at their great Room, King , St. Jameess-quare. ou Monday, April 28, and following days, the Tell celebrated COLLECTION. so ell known in the world, part the pro. prtyf Samuel Roger Esq., deceawed; comprising tbs whole of the chiecollection of Pictures, (with the exception of the thrce Oine wo rl;s bequeathed to the nation.) the extensive assemblage of Greekr vases of the highestq,uslity, antiquean,t modern marbles and bronzes. Egyptian, Gree.k, and Paoman antiquities, coins, the valuable library of books, cotaing many interesting marginal notes by dietinguished personT, ancient and modern engravings. drawfings, and numeror objects of art and ertue Attxi e sn e tmer l be l old tbe lease of the charming residence Sn St. Javes's-place, and the furniture. Porthler notice wlul be given. TheRS beasetifcul Cnents of Prgopak, Esen tgiv notice that they will SEL by AUCTION, at the MIansion, on TuesdaY, May 13. and follow;ing, days, by order of the Executor, the very choice andvaluableCONTNTS of Pyrgo-park, near Rocoford, the peoperty and late residencc of Rabert Field, ;sq.. deceased; corn- partrecetly uppied by3lesrsesorant and Boyd des7ingneedt witghrtheir well-known refined taste, together with mny fine cabinets, comnmodes, and tables of old Italian and French buhb and marqueterie, the very valuable and extensive collection of Sevres, Dresden, Oriental, and otherporcelain. IC%Uian and French bronzes and aajolica, the first portion of the cellar of very fme wine, china, glass, lnen, aud numerous effects-everythingthroughout the house being in the best taste, and in beautiful condition. A seeond sale, in London, in the early part of June, vwil include the remaining portion of the very choice wnme, the beautiful assemblage of ancient aLd modern Eilver and silver-gilt plate, the choioe collection of very fmo Dutch pictures and the cabinet of agates, crystals. German andruby glass, carvings in ivory andwoDd, and rare snuff-boxes. Duenoticeofthedaysofview at Pyrgowilbegiven. The very important CoUection of the late Thomas3 Esmerson, Req. MESSRS. CHRISTIE and MANSON respectfully IV.give naotice, that they wil SELL by'AUCTION. at their grat Room King-street, St. James's-square, onAeVednesday, May 2 t.and six following days. at 1 precisely, by order of the Executors, the whole of the very valuable and extensive COLLECTION of PICTURES and other WORKS of ART of that well-known judge of art, Thomas Emmerson, Esq., deceased. The oollection of pictures, wrhich will occupy 3 day sale, includes numerous capital works of the great mastersin tme Italian, Spanish, Flemish, Dutch, andFrenchschools,manyof themof the highest class; a very choic cabinetof antique andmodem engraved gems, comprising camel and intaglie of exquisite work, a fine assemblage of Itahian and French bronzes, Oriental. Dresden, and Sdvrea porcelain, a very fine ebony cabinet and smaller cabinets, and tables of marqueterie, buh7., and ivory; dnec French clocks, and many Othe obectsof erin alo asmal chice ibrry o boks,chiefly re- lating to art, books of prints anFd engravings. aybe vieed cthree days preceding, and catalogues had. To Fancy Shopkeepers and others.-The Stock, Furniture, and FLxtures, _7ENTOM and SON will SELL, on the Premises, V No. 1. Bedford-road, Acre-lane, Brixton, on Thursday, April 17, at 11, (unless an acceptable offer is made for the wholo by private contract), .IEWELLERY. smelling bottles, carpet and leatherbags, stationery, pUCS, oriting cases, desks, .ork boxes, inarnRds, dressing cases, German puzzles, Clocks. chinaomnaments, Berlin patterns, w ools, toys,andageneral stock of goods in every branchof aefancy repoin tery ; thefurniture and fixtures of the usual descristion, MLay be viewed the daY preceding the sale, Catalogues hadon the premises, and of the auctioneers, -, Angel ourt, Throgmorton street. _ To Dealers in Fancy Goods. tNOR 'and SON will SELL., at 41 Iondon- waDcy , on Tuesday, Aprild22, attl, large ILAEN REPOSI- TORY ypapero maLadygodsy in tevery varientyo G. jThlery carpet and leathde bas, pertiant pures statlonery, buttons, studs, wndtheg cases, desks, work boxes, inkstands, dressing cases, clocks, pictures, toys, cutlery, brushes, cofnbs, . M uay be vieied the day preceding the sale. Catalogues had on the premises; of Messrs. J. and J. He Icnkater and Hackwvood, solicitors, tSine-lane; and of the auctioneers, 7, An gel- court> , Th r ogC m o rAto n- streoet. To Plumbers and Builders.-Vapuabe Leasehold extensive Premises Stock in Trace a 65socts, ve Cottage Pianoforte, and Fnsiture No. 29. Edgew are-roel, RNTOM and SOVN will SELL by AUCTION, by re orderof th Assaigneeshof Eencr Day, on thc Premices, on Thursday. April24, atyat, commencing lith the LeaSE, which has y years, from lacy-day, at the very lowe runt of £100. Th stocl inetiudes sheet lead and pips, water-closet fittin,gs, ball, bib, and other cocks, whiteolead, oils, varnish, patent platecandaother glees, mnahsogany and deal boards plakrs, batterAs quartering, paperantsnes, coffins building materials, and the general stock and utensoisof a plumberwand builder. The furniture of theusual description. The premises may be vieweod six days end the effects one day preceding the sale. Particulars and catalogueshadonthepremiHesh of WSlliam Stopher. REq., solicitor, 52, Chenpuidec and of the auctioneers, 7, Angel-court, Throgmorton-street. Shells, Cabinets, Apparatus, and Mslland i fes J. a. STEVENSAwY SELL by AUCTION, at URhis great Room, 38, is g-streed Covent-garden, ThEIS DAY Aprilt15, at I precisely, a CO CTIO of SHLS, containag many scare and interesting specimens, with the wela-made cabinetof 32 drawiers, smeal cabinet of minerals and fossils, lathe and tools, photographic apparatus, microscope, and misoellaneous articles. Mday be viewsed on the day prior to the sale, and catalogues had, Insects, Fags, Cabinets, and BooktaseE lR. J. a. STEVENSwilSELL by AUCTION, at A hi great RoomI , 38 t ng-sre, Coventgarden, on Friday, April1y, At1preisly2,a 2,TR CqantityT of BRTIERsH an MAEU-LS ROPEAN INSECTS eCouooptera and lepidoptera) of a wzel-knon collector, vhose healthscomnpls him to reintquish the unresuits The colection cbntsins many rarities; also a cabinet of birdes eggs, large glazedcas, painted bookcase, jap . May b oviewedon the day before the salc, and catalogues had, Periodical Sale: established half a century.-Shares in the Arnmdel ~~~R G ~~~Copper Mline. intuedo MESRS GAD.SDUTEN,WORTERFLOOD, atdl iclude sn hls net PenIodscal Sale, appointed to take place at the Mtart, on Friday, Mtay 2, at 12, fn lots of 20 ea;b, 200 SHARES, yaid up £1the. 6d. per share, mn the wel-known undertaking theo Arendei CoPper Mline, near Ashburton, in the county- of Devon, Par. Miulrs Rbmayb epobtinedrat ithlo rtd, motatfehl c2, Poultrs may. Me at the .llart, and of Mr. G. E ShtDttlelnorth, Hallsham, Sussex. SRM . G.E.I SHUTTLED ORTR is instructed to T dyAU ION, in May next, several COTTAGES and about Th ares of COPYliOl D AND, situate adoimning Hailhammarket, i the county of Susex, of w.hich a more descriptive adrertisement will shortly Apnesr.-32, Poultry, April14, lSi6. Order of Salea-Blackhcath-Th Lease, Household Furniur e, Plate, Glass. Linen. China, Wines Booket, Engraving, and Effecas. 1MUR,D.A. RAMSAY beeB to inorm thop ubic that n the SALE o ethe LEASEancapital HOUSEnhLD FU7NI.LyEEhandrEFFECTS is arranged totake placeon the Premnises, the Hermitage, Blackhcath, at H2 o'lock precisely each day, and estfollows :-To-morrew (Wednesday), the valutableLease ofdthisidesirabl Residence, the requisite appendages of the bed chamber,e the handsomerosewoodic an M ahany s u.tes of theudrawingand dintig roogs andstudy, theusualappoinTaentm of hitdomesticoffices, greenhosec plants, o Thursday- The capital Chins, glass, linen, plate, plated urtiees, the well-selected and modern librarv of 1,200vo1s., exquisite ngravings, a cellar of about 13Odozeu of choice 'sines, au elegant parD phEeton, and effects.-79, King Williamsetreet, city. To Builders and others.-Paddhinhr.on, MB DAVIDALLAN RAMSAS will SELLt by comprising, ash, four paneL, cuoboat and other doors, glared and unglared sashes, casemenets, floor hoards, carpenters' bench, sash framnes, capital buiders carti &c.; ironmongery, cousistutgof bel pulls, window brackets, mattress springs, japanned hat and coat hooks, rim7, mortise, stock andother locks, brasuand iron butts brass rings, bol traps, glass paper, copper CTre, brass cupboard knobs, tions, wuashers and waste, street door latcEes, bolts, nails, o lass n boxes, hadurail screvws, rchina and oai door, furnitetin , oak vae ite and black, china finger psatet , stoves, ranger, deal window board, and fittings of a glas6cutters shop, office furniture, gao Mnday be viewed on day prior e the Yda of sale, and catalogres obtained of Mdr. D. A Ramseys auctioneer and estate agent, 79, Kitng WliUam-street, CitY. MESSRS. GADSDEN, 'WINTERF?LOOD, and 1 R ELLIS w Oil SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, To-morrow, Wednesday, the 16th instant, the following PROPERTIES', as previously advertised:B- 3rr. Robinson'sRepository,ILttitU Britain, and important freehold concern in thecCitY of lLondon, The extensive StabGy ng, Coachtho-use Ride-yards, Dwelings, and Premises. SekfUrde-strect. St. John-street. Oid-iashionedLbeasehold-resideuce, Ganeus and Paddock, Highambill. lValthamstow. Full printed particulars may be obtained at their offices, 18, Old Broad-street, city. 7\/R. IAR s O DERof SA E,a the MAart, on 1, The valuable Freehold House and Busineess Premiises, 140, Fenchurch-street. 2, The Perpetual Advowson and Next Presentation to the Bectoryof East Anstey, Devonshire. 3. Leasehold Estates, Peckhama and Camborwdll. 4. Freehold Investmeut, in the city of LEondon, producing a net ental of £26 Per annum,. o. Leasehold Property, comprising six substantial recently-erected residences, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, and 31, Sutherlanld-pzlace, WVostbourue- 6Ontbh harquls of Westminster's Estate.-Six desirable Resi. dences, in Hianover-street, Pimlico, for sale by direction of the Mfort- Partiulas of the aebove mnay be obtained on application at Mv. Msssls'solhce.s 2, Charlotte-row, Mausion-houso. To American Mrerchants, Emery Mtanufacturers, and the Trado gene- M1iR. W. CORNELL will SELL by AUCTION, at ILthe Swallow GallerY Tavern, Rtotherhithe, near the Commercial Deocks, on Thursday, April 17. at 1 for 2, 44 tens of unscreened and BEMERY, the major part lying at tdheColNoniual Cold Coman' war'ehouses, Upper Ordnance-wharf, Rotherhithe, where camples may be seen, and at the auctioneer's. Catalogues m7ay be had at the place of sale. or at the auctioneer'eoffces, 2, 111gb-street, Nfewis7gton-bntee. In Bankruptcy.-Thc First Portion of the Valuable Stock of Jewellery, Watches, ha., of Miessrs. Cohen an7d Lubienr, of 37, Ratten-garden, (FOPLIS, SON, and HARING will SELL bv L A U Nu7, at their Rooms, 16, St. Paul's churchyard, THIS DAY. April 15, and followring daj, at 1 punctually each daY by order of the Aemionuees, the FIRST PORTION of the valuable STOOK of fashion, consisting of bracelets, ebreooches,antu=d finger rings evryvet wt stones, lockets and padlocks, albert and gu7ard chains, k-eys, seels charmcs, studs, gold and silver pencil- cases, silver card-cases, annEf and scent boxes, 300 gold and silver wfatches, carriage and mantel clocks, &c, Mtay be viewved the day preceding and mornings of sale, and catalogues had of E. H. Canaan, REsq., offlcial assignee, IS. Adermanbury;oShlessrs. Taylor, Collisson, and WDoodvrard,sollcitors,25, Great Jamues. street, Bed7ford-row; of Messrs. Hlodgeorn and Alien, solictors, Birmmgisam t of Mr. G. Boland, jewveller, lattois-garden; of Mr. Rolason, ewveler ,scufy5e-acrteet, Birahuuarn; and of the auctioneers, 16, St. S aperlor modern Household Furniture, 55 CottagcePianofortciunwaino7t- 20tr. of Plate, Cas Tof ins slvver-lhanudleBdfessee Knives andForks, superior Sheffield Plated W are, Dresden and lVedgwvood Vases and Ornaments, and Effects: removed from R;ichmcond and Low er Grosvenor-street, R.B.EORLtwil SELL by AUCTION, at , i alry. 35, Loiceste-qusr.geTHIS DAY, April 16, at H2, the modern FURNITURE and EFFECTS, removed from the-above residences (suPpjslielby afirst-ra.teupholsterer andin fin,econditioni; com-. of eurtains for four window.s, walnut-tree chairs, couches, and easy chairs en suitse,velvet-pile carpets, winged cheffoniers, console tables and glasses.l2rahoganychaimscovered in moroceo,patent dirnimg tables, sideboards, bookcases, three gas chandellers, tube pti33a-, Arabian, and four-post bedsteads, wool and hair mattresses, beds and bedding, marble-toP double and singleo wasbatands, cheval and other glas6ses, winged kitchen requisites. On viewv Mone'day aund moarnin coffe miseri, andcas I oitnes had at the rooms. Old Bond-stroet.-Superior Modern Furniture and Effects, removed from the Pantechnicono R. CHARLES J. BAKER has received instrie- 171 tions to SELL by AUCTION, at Robinson's Rooms, 21, Old Bond-street, To-morrow, April 16th, and followinz day. at 12 forl, an assemblae of well manufactured modern FURNITURE, comrrising mabogany four-post, Arabian, iron, c6nd other bedsteads, capital clean bedding, c, two masogany winged wardrobes, several sets of mahogany drawers, marble top mahozany washstands, dressinz tables, cheval and toilet glasses, shower and other baths, set of extending dining tables, mahogany couch, easv and dining room chairs. covered in morocco leather, sideboard, dinnerwagcons, BIsets and other carpets, noble chimney and pier glasses, rosewood, loo, card, aidoccasinal tables, rosewvood dsawingroom suite indamask, rosewood davenport ebonized,, an o-momla cabinet, barometer by Doltond, a-osewood cottage pianoforte, china and glass, kitehen requisites. four handsome drawiing and dining room clocks, a curious and elaborate ball cock,vwith musical chimes, purchased at the sale of the la,te Lord Ducie,anud miselianoons effits hay be viewved the dayrviously and morimngs of sale, and catalogues had at the room;* and of £r. O. J. Baker, at his of iioes, 21, Motcomb-street, Belgrave-square Valuable Dividend,,Forfeited, and other Mine Shares, for iSale. - R. T. P. T,OATAS has been favoured with in, structions to SELL by publi AUCTION, at Garraway's` ChaLnge-alley, Cornhill, on Thurs ay, the 17th day of April instant, at one o'clock precisely, 22 Trebarvah (forfeited for non-payment of calls) 331 Kely Brays, 195 Wheal Edward. 13 East Wheel Rose, 4 WhQee Margaret (paying £2 dividends quarterly), 2 South Bassett (Ipaymg £12 10E. dividends bi-monthly), 1 Wheal Roller (paying £20 dividendsi bi-monthly). 26 East Margaret's (paying occasional dividends), 35 East Frongoch, I Botallack (paying £e5 dividends bi-montimly), I' united =ines (payin £2 dividends bi-month yj0 Cwm Rme in(about to omroecco dividends), 25 Wheel Arthur. 8 Wireal Crebor, G0 I,landudno, 10OWbeal Emma, 200 Mfounts Bay, 100 }g£ford, 2 North Ba!sett (paying dividends bi-monthiy), tibe whole of which he can oanfdently recommend aS goodinvesimsntsandspeculations, thosepayingdis:idends being likelyto contine for many years to come, and those not paying sna bhad of eser.Wto, and Eser,Artillery-place, F;airnaburay; Mr. R;ichard Daly, 16, Union-or, Old Broad-street;* th0 auctioneer, 2, CrsourWeX T h sre et; asida Garaaj's, Belgravia. - TO Builders - Three capital first-rate unfinished Real- JVdence!;, with coach-houaes and stabling, in Warwick-square. - ,J.ROBINS is instructed by the Mortgagee, with full P'ower off sae, to SIELL by A.UTOIONY. at the Mart, on Thursday. May S. at 12. in,3 lots, THRE capital and substantial CARCASSES. intended for resMeidecs of a. superior character, being NGss. 9, 10, and 11, Warwick-eguare a locality fastlprorenin$ubIc favour, and may be consideredL one of the most attractive diicta o the far-famed Begravia, in close proximity to the Houses of Parllw~ mnent The rsiddences will oMfraocommodation for families of the first respectability, with coach-houses and stabling at the rear, and an orna- plTo Whemfwiththepital Po emisen th first-amoivomnaPri bstiee, Blostombr ath -therad Aucthionmme-adiate MRbn'sofcs ~R.ROBINS will SELL by AUCIO,at the 0v Mat n Thursdlay, M 8, at 12. without reev,th EE FICIAL LEASE of the capi PREAMIES for awhadgr htn Inanufacturer, or any simiflar business requiringwate arae nw as the WVestmooreland-wharf, 33. City-basin, close to the City-a,cm prisng dellng-huse,spaiousfactry r for Gors, range o mln for 2 crt orss, aggn-huse, ad aplespace for a xesv badess Th prsen tnan wil tke leseat £120 per annum, or isusealte osessin ma bebadif esied.The premises; are hield for27 ear. a a en of£84a yar.Maybeviewed, and particaulas had t te Anel,Islnete; o Mesrs.RoyandCartwright, soliditors, 4, Iothour; a th Mat; nd tlir. obis'soffices, Covent-gardeno. Fov nCiars o ageuin, ld fistclssqult, wtell matured. ~4ESItS ROBIS wll SLL y AUCTION, at IYJ. the3fay. TIS DY an Friay ext.15thand18th inst., at 12. ld OREGN IGAS, f fist-lamquaity an invery fine con- Capital Household Furniture, two noble Chme-lse,adE&ifrc of a General Officer, remoTedfrmhseidc. MESSRS. ROBINS Will SEL by UCINa M their Roomns. Piazza, Covent-garden, onWensa,Arl3.t by 2,iniaait rnmenedfrme. ndarowe efetof a General To Bifilders.-Frnnch Paperbangings, direct from Paris, Fancy Deco ratons an a arg AsortentofEnglish Papers. 1~JESRS.ROINSwil SLLby AUCTIOX at J3Lthir oos,on ueday Ari29,at12 FREFNCH PAFEHANGNGS,recetly mpored drectfromParis. new and elegant pattrns sains nd ock, eiche wih gld;also fancy decorations fer rawng oom andbeuoir, ad a arg asortentof Ruglish paer o asuerordscipio, rsugd noconvein lots. On Saleof vaube Jel.Jewellery, salt -Trinkets. ~ ~IXESRs ROBNS ill ELLby AUCTIONT, at ILL their Rooms,teninoven gade, nWenedy.Apil3, t 2 valubleJEWES,Imbraci Rnta nueous pelegant aie,uihm eigt F.elry n riktj great varegsty,gl chains,alre tasotmethi ofRodanPslerTpeci casves,ise. forsae dtaileday announemenut wil begien.SL ypiaerurc_uto-fle~S rhr-tet xtemiveb Liraer of LawBoe s LOrES IAX RO iNlSEare bnyute oSELb 3VLartCTEAS. DAtY,se prioom, in12 Covn t-gre.ow Tedy a 6,HatS12, aonvalubindn exgtenoosiveLIach Yf, AWBOOn,em bracin 150ndG voruhers,theet prpet of anec emnentslctreesd Thel cataerylongue berng prpre,t enamredtildanone tiu Ihdo empGrordRnaloy 4pranm PROPERTai ,an advheriefosaetida,athMr,hs Kentishtown tiong by stts order of the Mortgagees. tiSahdo essrs. GrayandlBury,esotm citrs. 1ag 5. Erodgeae-o. I LIAX wislltEitdt SELL by AUCTIN a h .,V at HS A,Arl5 -Pix~th3 S AtY.Aprin,atwo lots,TOwell-buiTW resmedannal alu o £S. ~ybeiwd,andi par otilarsnhd of ~fesss Gay ndBery,solciors 15, dgware-road,, at the Mart; and t M. Lmaiboffces 8,Orchrd-tret, ortmaLn-aquiare. ISecureo.Leaseholdfnvesments EdgG-areroad M - LO1% sistutdt SELL by AUC-IN TIN3 tteMatPHSDY,Arl1,a T1J, intwAlt, TWOl15 leseTo tardenants ofethemfirs repctbliy smoun etael o -iof per anum, an held t lowhroundrens.heprvemie. a ese Mesrs.Gra anSBrr,soictrs1 , Ede arerod atN theavte anWtrcevdisrcin at&. Romb' fie,8 rcadsre,Prmn-sqoae. oms situatewinUnonl-road Liewerpol-radtclet to aks yearytenant, Iate£d Aftct rt larg stbes,oted whal honelde efo salveryln. os,a AifESSRS. DBBENHAIN STORR, and SON have Itreceived instructions to SELLIy.UTZX at trhRoinsnl Rooms,21 OliBnd-street, TI Cvn-aden,Ap-mrrow1, athe withoisutrerv, eIMNDetn dRedGSdpns, anid comprs gingueerari,etyo hair Aberusohes clt fandy vraelvets brushes, ooh nai, and shvngebettes, 40e.,l an ll beirngtwell manufactuored, cand ofes cthelaest, patteffectMay be viewed. n aa l,0oguescha oft MUvr.Rointn's axpndsoite Dauctioneers,in-tstreetld OVei-SckoJeelr.Watches, Clocks. Plater dulex and Pla ormnr,b eted MCb.IArticles. rntemoveadifor cnonvenienceofsale ~4SSE.S. DEBENHA1M, STORR, and SON hav MEEatterIos,King-street, Covent-garden. omrowoh 6t ntnt DIAMONDy RlGs,erpiMns,ring.drs htstuds,odgard,pinec, dand Albertcains,ofanr bracheles, broces ant ns and bukebaeklettes,e 40h godndsilverwatche200 cnlocs, n tiepeves wandch s elve adeg .ntfinsioc spoons, forks, of shelver ale ledbad plated ihsadcvr, opherned clanedlesickse adwriesgcs, e and giltvwr- card clases. cutlerys, and effarects. on vhiew.oetyi 1h,e100youncesofSiver late, exptensie Diamond Or~naments,Gold Watches, wt CIch,ronomter,ldupex,And,clev,.Earlmovement, b et 1sESSRS. DEBENHAM~, STORR, andl SON wil IYJSELT, at their Rooms, King-street, Covent-garden. on Thursday fAxriI22,andtwo foglyvlowig aye a U. ebrcnsUyPleuddsinleofe~ broches, verpRent oand bukebr acelet, setwihurecifous4 jewes,20 Englishcand nov wthes Eeleganofth mantel clocs,,a0 ounces to sIlMeROtabE aD M sieoard plae, aheffield pate ware,pdressingm cofs wit silears andm platedfittings, andxta varietyg oft coicademiroerty uon vEwsthe n udayerior. es uay Te a b iwd 'wthpreeDas'sale of Jhewtelsn, bytcieds Waomtchs achronoeters, Regu-ar tclarsotors,edoks Platne, PlatdArtcle. Esq.Esolcotr, 5,Chney lanFe;SSRS.a's;ndo MeEENR r&I DebehaR, Str,and Son. aictioeersEL an sattei Rgeots 2, King-street, Covent-garden.onTed, 22, Elgnd twos followin Idays,eratd, NostlynPROPETY,m of which AnrIprov d Rent,o 4 e annm, full secure or4ya ESSRS. D)EBENHAX, STORR, and SON na-re insrcetoSELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Thursday, My1 t1,a AlPOVE RENT 12 ofe £40S per annum,L oforannepired termIof 41 yers frm Midumme-day ext, risin outofmandaseureduont proepaemiStN.1 Albany-plo-race omecara eSrtS e Meeos Company. The preillse ab viewed, wihApemisIOn athethent,b caqrds from theAuctpioneers, and par timar obtaine of JamPrprestohnsto, Falarlt, slicior,HOUSE Cancry lan; a Garawy's ndo Mess Deenamn Smarr,ead Sn four-an tioeer an esateagets,26,in-steetoCoentgare n.x t h Gr Jh'swoud.Rent,a£5 pelr pannum, m s~~SSRS.W.BENG and SToR. andl SONL bAre LTWA i1nstrute toheL byar TAUSDA, O l 5 at 12r'wys onrThusday, W May , a 12.theLEAS anGOOWIL o3 andREE PUBLerYoC- HOUSE koln'wown -asublth eol e sEgnirs daern, e,aLadproke-rcad,netiting hilotaIONin niat bhed Mrooms,servan ts'rom sxctoresroom,h large fronts dtclub ITAIroomLA with bacn,saiu ar,har hrour, pn ublicg palou. tap room,kitohn-ra, S.Jh!od and ebtutectaegeihldfo a0 copete untcexpisred, atthen modeurae ground rets ofn £50pe annu.da beeedfo viewd Poar-b andof the auctioneers, King-street,,Covent-garden ON,at heMar,TISaYa Aprinl h,at 1e by rdr f hePrpretr,th vluhb LarB of HoUS and( retof30 poermannutme.cMay.-buehviewda any time prehious tldo th role.Patufeicrds, to beha ixtuxessrs.ndtterand Totter solifcitors, Ely-place.-AHolboe Satlte,Auctir~onMat anf a the roicr,wofic'es o M PET.ER KIG n Co.A wil SELL byyAUTIO- TI.;athePrmisrt.To-morDAY, April 16t, at A preiey TWOUE annm,L t gUroundUrent euiuloIeto of £rasrTe rei hgestn sTalatleo tenant, and articlars t be ha offteslcitor,W aft. ovenathen Eni, 8 Gry'smn.qnae: t te Mrt;andSt esrs.W in n Reading.-Valuable Colmmercial Freehold, Nos. 104 and 105, London- street.-Absolute Sale, by direction of the Trustees of Mr. john Smith, M PETER BROAD wil SELL by AUCTIONY, o-n Thursday. the 17th April, at 2. at tho Upper Ship Inn. Dukestreet,Reading. allthat valuable FREEHOL'D ESTATE late in the occupation of Mr. John Smith, situate in the -best part of Londanstireet, comprising extensive cellarage, spacious double-fronte shop, large and comamodious dwelling-house, extensive warehiouses, store rooms, lofts, sheds~,co-ach-housMs, sablngforninebor-es, well-stocked garden, largeyardwith two entrances frm East-street, anda freehold tenement. To. 1, Talfourd-place. The premises oecupy a depth of nearly 300 feet. Mlay beseen on application to jr. BeartQ,of Lndonxstreet; or Mr,. Lamb. of High-street, Reading. of whbom mnay be had pati -s;athe Ship Inn; of Messrs. J. and J. HL Idnklter and HakoDd, 17', Sise-lane . or of the auctioneer, 28 Poultry. london. Blaclfriars-road.-To Bread and Biscuit Bakers Contractors, and others.-Lease, Goodwit, Fixtures, and utenesilof aBaker's business, doing 24 sacks weeky. For abeolute sale inone lot. i'jR.PTR BROAD will SELL by AUCTION,. XUL YLthout reserve, at the Castle Tavern, Mark-lanie. on Monday. April 21-st, at 3 precisely. in one lot, the beneficial LEASE of t-hose Ieligible business PREMILSES, No. 171, Blackfrlars-road, held at the very low rent of £76. Together with the goodwill of the beinm-ewN many years established thereon, and all the mnodern fixtures fittings. and ut-ensils intrade. Maybe viewed, Particulars at the Castle ;and at Mr. Peter Broad's city auction ollloea, 28, Poultry. Notice of Uae.-NoGw on View, and Sae This Day.-Stopped by a Judge's Orderlast RAday.-lewis-ploe. Fallbsa-flelds. Fulham, near the Grayhoend Tea-gardens.-Elegant a-nd costly Furniture, comprising anL elegantewaalnut-tree Drawing RoomnSuitecoveredin velvet.~ a 6Q-octave Cottage Pianoforte in rosewood case, rich China and Glass, Proof Engravings. and Omamental Itemsi, and other Effectswill be Positively sold without the slightestreservation. GERELEWIS will SELL by A`UCTION, on th lemizes as above, THIS DAY. April 15. at 12, the genuinexAel'CyS; comprisingsbandsome drawingroom suite covered in velvet, cottage piano, suiltes of-window curtains, consoles, anid chim-I 3-3ses,boo, card, and other tables, chefronierg with platje-Zla&e, rusola wth oher arpes, ngs, enders, fire-irons, 1.2 dinng oomcharuileaher cothe, tble, &.,together with every 33tehoPsgate-street without, NoL.58, 59, 60, and 61. pSSRS. FOSTandciSOreareircted to sELL b7AscT%'. at the) Mart, THIS DAY. April15, at It ' onea loat, one andivided TENTH-PART orSHARE in and toFOUR sob. stantlal FREEHOLD DWELIDNG-HOUSES, with shops and back preirl being O. 59, 59, 60, and 61, 3Biah opagat-art wihut. 'ftev etmednnavae f£0.Particuliars may be bad 114 iday3sbelore the sale at the Mart; 014GDodd, Esq, solicitor,A2,New- Bodstreet. City; and of Kesms.lroser, 54, Plmal stoe and Shp0nteh~ rpryo Fire well-buillL Housm an 1"A~lietonlog e1ses Uad bsl4 for 01 years a rudrns ob odi ies MESSRS FOTRadS are directed to SELrt byAuaTONX, at the Mart, THIS DAY, -Mail 3, at 12. piVTI excelleat 1HOUSES, withx moder Shaps, d-tagusy pl.aced in the Ibeat part of the -sin-ce Stoke NeWm On,beirigNos.4,5,6, 7,;ndR letrespectivelytolMr.Davidge,?'rrRueney. Mr. ParrtMr.Xermnnya~ Mlr.Hall, onlesese, each forl years,at thefollowingrentsrz,vrr!£XS, £E70, £60. and 43. makin together £103per annum- helddirectfroM th reodr &t, Or 1405.4 and 5 together, £30 ground rent;- ahd-. fo- --- ,7,ad ground rent of £20 per annum each, tEri, pro. pertisj in the most desiable part of Stoke Newiligton for business, ig to be sold iu five lots, offernag good seurity for inv-estment withua chanoge, as the tenant;s all hold for 21 yeas, and havegpwer intheie leases to claim renewals for a further term of 21 yeas My be iwec by permission of the tenants, and particulars bad at the Angel, Ilinig. ton; at the Ma_rt; of MAessrs, McLeod and Cann, 51, Limcoin?sinn,fields;and of Messmes.Ister and Son, 54, Pall-malIl Pall-malt.-Modern and Ancient Pictures, Drawings, Ornaments, a .Planetarium, an expensire Organ by Rtobson. tbs property of a gern. tleuma. WsrSSRS. FOSTER ana SON' -ill SELL by AUYC.- .LTIOII. at the Gallery. 54, Pall-mall, lTo-morrow, April16,, and Bdeclaerv, th yeso pictres at thie Atwerp xhbtnnaPro marble Viewcts, aondoek an ea Shore. l np n ncmn f. delabrato,da ape prmens of dearl,aplantru,amcaia iue mnall. Pall-mall-Elegaut Misoellaies, Self-acting Orguan by Itobsn, lin 40 popular Overtures, Quadrille' Graknd Pianioforte Harp, . M ESSRS. FOSTER and ~O? 'will SELL ytC IdEN,(rmore irm Hye-prk-pace) teproperty of a genteaiscudng redensaI rieta chna brnzs,Hindoo andChns carvngs anolebhlcockadbrcket a airof old Sevreaseax 3,60 tns f ClciedIrostoe, 2llwy uTck, ~Waggons -Three Dragh Hose, eta Bils aPoy Caie,andnumerous Effects. M ESSRS PLEWS nd WALLare directed by the of th Londn andNorthWesten Raiway,anvTeda.Apil2.a stoVne, a berantsmill doendbo, af level, pics forks rakes, ride,f a Claret, and Moselle, in cases of three doea ah na mlqatt of Plort and Sherr in wood, lsinginteodnocsaes. where MESSRS.PLEWS ad WALLare directed by the iLLAssgnes f r. . . TomsontoSELL the above PROPEltIY byAUCTIN, a theMart,onFrday,April 25, at I for 2 pre- may a hd athe art;andof Mssr. Plas nd Wll,34.Poultry Rt, Strahan, Paul, and Bates-First-ctass Ivsmn nsotLae hold Property. j~ESSRS PLEWS nd WALLare dlirected by the±tL ssigees o SEL byAUCTON,at the Mart, on Friday, A ,Fia.April 25, at 12. for1,aRSD CErtul o.1,lypce Hoiom;hel fo anunepird tr f 2 yers ath namegroun renthof £14a yar,andlettonhigly espctaleena twat£8 perntlmnum. Particulars ~~~~~may be had atthMrtofMss.Lwac.Pe,an Wall, 54, Poultry, and Clapham-road.ry j arAptsoluteniteerdsion to Soeynted Frns. ibri hantSRS.PL W and WALL eurigaerf are directPoedr. A EL Jy AUCT1ION,Ihsartso reciday. Apil2.strlctfors 1,b ordmo the Courtee of MankruPtcy, sndCo thASLto REV bySAUCTIONa SuMpon £13he 6d Cxem soslsam standin in-rad the ntame ofhghl rspex. bl truStees.Ari and receivbfer'a the dxeath o twogentLeme,. agdREMSnEctiGenay,6 and 25uear.lPinteld porarticulars maybehad at the Mawret; of Messrs Mearte. sthomeas.aoe and Hollamg,solictor, Chom mercald Saletiooms Minci ng-laenteande nofwh aUauctiones 4,ete Poutrya cyindrBanlriteyrenthoreep-TofMilltoers,aSedfCrusheacrs,usmbr sew. mgbnch. and others andqulln Wther-sidbe premis esand Stamd maower. 11/FR. 3. J. CLEMMANS hasrecerve insoeltructins lLLromtheassgnes f Mssr. ophs nd o.Toe rmseLL byd mAU. TIOn, uponamthevPremises,Ha-wha2rf, Ha-road Bre3MNtSr, upoddle. slex.e,j=war,Ia-od.Eetod THIS DAY, April 10.a5,a ,teexesv ESIOI GrandiJuntion Canalean the ine ftaLended nwralslaut, tvogeter wi the assrynees 20-horsem pwrhokisanda staC egneon.,ohtio the loeartes, inrotsht immedCiatlyater.s The premses andema-. chinryiny be viewed,npriclr and catalogueshac hrcdigad uponsth Am.UbdGEO alon HAINEh W nomnes he Pigonr SALEtbyr ofP.-AUEdwrd.ION e, onlitaelamsesignee, Sabrok-cotret.ilc, oasugal ustreet;o Georgesdroay, Apil. solicitor, Fiabury-peachey noth adaretiL oftheEeutr ofliesofth LuDtineer Helre&L-o, aFiheneabuH-OUiaE.OL immediaTUel, femracthe taleuulapnae of the Les n ln,b rdera ofted Mbaybrs be viewed and catalgogues hand Soesti precedin adveurtiePieslico.-Fumiture, P~50 aintings, byrvns oks ie,Cia Glass, and useloaulaitems. j~jR.GEO. HANES announcs, aor Sumeou byis IOyas ' Upran, r onnth Preises.s03 Ebury-mteet. E Pabtistlre.o GEOdaan Wensa.AprESi 22instrateach day. bye direcutiors ofthhEeutoreo Mrs Long. deeaed allOS the nes AUTON,SEnthe FquareITURE Begmbracigesa a ppendv sor ages of the prseveratzl bed svmaiybdchambers, drawin an dining rooms, and domesticoice;asur iaofortes, bynservaordwod an plasig olZ5`.h1 ietio fofm phlanins by aHdpnerBisgtou.Frser, Pether, liand thsterts;owter coldour and ye&sd dawigs 600 peolumesan ofthook in. naeatbindings an nuerous atis-pe clannous arices ay be viewed.byCatalogues on the pen.lremises; o Miessrs Simpson and Dimond, solicitors 10, flene-etta-street, Caren. dish-square ; of Messrs. Hainesgn o, auctioneers, Meorgate-street, nda ctyhe andoaton hers aulcts ioneersnd oies,nrsvenorsretwetEtn sTuare,tanden2, Hig-street,aKensington b7yeArs,CTIOape aimm tendrt ousnes Premise, Ap li7zabtu-2.atfrsct rtoe tonof LoRNg,TION DISPotesE OFd bys aUCn , asormnt the Pmreises, olntes.saday.Aril2 atd 12afrores 1zpreiea indtwo loin. avarery cfpapitaliwell-bu withTIW chReSIDECE, withe immedbiate pyrossessin des Oirably plaed Norn103, Whr-te.eCaPimogues closet to he naroble sursof th aelgneras, Andrithin aurshor ywalktofnte rsonann several kairytubed sn cha bjectsrwn and dr,incuing Mroom trs, and dOmeti oficens, consDerator and smenall ghiare,eld ietfo h2frso Wetinr forLL67 yessa £inperanum.e Alo, BSiness Premises ar IOid a Dwllghius geatRo.,Eimbet-soee soudthee, THeld fAYr 3A yers, 1,at I1 prerannum, andltt COSG Mr.o Jacksone oraeAN,aIt pegrt anUmE, aysstibeo viewead bpemision ofethre tendant.d Particuars of botecars Simpeson andt Diofand, slchitrs, 10,re enieta-street, Cadven-i adish-squarke;to Mesns Hanuts, auoct ioaneoerls,trae-sir etetand at other aructones' ovases, Pcabae and Kensingtont.jstrciedfo,h contnent MaTovGentemen, Florists,andaOt.be PiMssffc FItyfieSSaniRs. aia R TERl E and AhTmOer. SWalingildl SEL i-qR by N YNE SXw SL yAUCTION,atteMr,oThrdyApi37at1,afs. rate collectionrof CARNatIO2. picolee And, pinks,'and assortmntit of ke. n vewts mrnin ofsal, Ctaloueshadat he ardt;her Anciet Funitur andObjecs ofArc Twncluing h Maqurets ofand Oaku meats in Dresden and OredeeentaeltChiea, 1, R OBTHILIP DA S intucte toL bsEL by TONat TION, a hisngrat oo, Apew28 Bau-tre ioet ltHI DAe Aprilo 1t, at 1e precitsely COSIGENMEa ofual vaEEHbLDNIN FA IhcallTUrF,ht, consitinaoinn-lg5aidr m,arndtetheran carvedtyk citabieats Chbookases, tablures,gl srofascand cairsna covered with damask, oldbulo dinnter service ofa luadyur cinahe paithedin landscuapes,ma Dreshde ant othrgroupys, -vaes cabar. W ettddsolrtcitor, justoreivd furrom thed o conautionent,Mab vipewe, anS atlgeshratM.ehylp. ffcs FMRydu Walnts,ncapital tLmondgs ibr-aiigl,na &ESON il SELLLbyAyCTAON IL nFIat ar-ys nTey, April 381a52.5.deWA at 1, end a puantitey, weGHTwerth -builttenGIonf AbinETmaLcaandUSmaksitastelld ai the. trad in, genera6. Wushdon-streetd2 ifemlafdrm Sudhy.andstct thet down, train arries at11.Ctal og21erauesa mayberhad, prosted frentson Tapplicatio tob thenauctioneer, pBu pryySt.adxn'. Alteecletf turesbham incurdedinbothepureversio. to Two Fifth 1arets of abalu - lable ofrteteho ntd , and Ti rthe-free Estte land-taxno re mrlstae hadfJ 3'IIR . ROBT. fAWS willaSELLrb NeCtIon esato tbolarie fevrom the y SALE of an4 0 valuabedFREEoLDIs FAI73, called -. rrmet onainingn Sin.ort3age. and other& proprt situteha thdeeseTofA lSady inhea6s rear.iParicularsuctions ato Garrawy' of Mr.P.TI OveN, solictoeMr, Guo-dordo, Su ry; and oft ofasatreeton-igvetedogpayablebonthdefreale.fldyh ILLTON.t Grrawyh,on ursd~Apil 5. T 12 fors' 1m p orecsey EIGHT ell-bult LON LEASEO HOre.sictuatle andstbeingu Nos 2425.an 28 Enbtn-sree; 2 ad c. Bckand-st re ujctto,d. ton,proucig arenal f £1 er unu,oa moeale grGouendments. leae o te tnans,andpaticlar ad cndtin ofe Maretha of.)ho idils,h-,solcitr,Bruswik-lac, Ctyroa; M. ewton esolctate B3roWmpton.Thre eCelen Residene o netetor Occupation. MESSRS. ~HUMNPHiREYS and WALE have- received instructions from the Mortgagees (iunder ciscurastasce,c peculiarlv favourable to intending purchasersl to SELL byAUCTIO.T. at the Ailart, on Friday, May9, at 12, in three loin, Nos. 50.51, and O3L Brompton-crescent, pleasantl and convcuiently situate just off, butwithin view of, the hiqh road and having an ornamental uen In front. Possession of?,o. 5Owill, be given,N.lseto ibve sp-ctnible yearly tecant. who has occupiedi tr 58 t~~e annum , and No. 53 is simailarly let at £170. ncnieaino not lay bythetenant. The above are heldsecparae,fr7 eas tgon mants of-£15per annum, This nelghbourhoo spoebal elh and property hero hung now chiefly out of b ad fteoiia bull cmis treft improving. Plarticuas(4dy eoetest)o Messrs. Tatham, Upton,.Upton,and Johnsnolctr,Atnfas at lbs Mart ; and of Messrs. Humphreys a Wln,6,OdBod. street. city. Valuable inn Breey e.ajiigteYr ala tto,B MesErs. AC M.ON and ON, atMs. Sai' ala oe,i ok on Friday, May 9, all2 in the afterno-on. T HEfollowing very valuable Freeboldl Property: T.L comprising all that first-class hotel, well known as Seawin's Rail- wa Htel, containinglarge coffee room, private coffee room for ladies. nine private sitting roomis, commercial room,. 47 bedI rooms, and sI - bed roomis for servants, with bar aLnd bar parlour, smoke room, largo an_d conrvenientkitebenzvwas-bouse and lanudry, stables, coach-houses, loose boxes, tap room, cellars, and all other requisLite out-offices and conveniences; satuate intthe city of York, and adjoining uponathe rail-. way; station, now and for many yeany pagt&t the occupation of Brs. Scawin This hotels wellkniown as onie of the very best in the northi of England, has a verzy extensive and luc.-atlve business, is in the hands,of a highly resepcetable tenant, and offers an investment for the capitalst rarely tobemnetwith, Also all that excellent brewrery, with t large malticiuis, storehouses, and all other requinite and convenient buildings for carrying on an extensiveo business. Thes pDremises ad- Join the hotel, where the trade of a altgter anad brewer has beencarried on for many rears, and is catpable cf Tery consilderable extension, Alsio all that dwelling-hous and convenient out-buildings, ad. linsthe hotel, and fronting to Tanner-row, in the occupa,tion OfMrs. dieaser. The whole of the propety willbefrst offered in one -lot, and if nolsold willthen beOffer6csnsucls eparte lots as shLUallb deterinined at the ttme. of sale, Plnans of the property mnay beets.- -tained on and a,fter the 12th of April, and further particular knowzn onApplicLtion t-oMesers J. B. anrI... Atidnson, architects,York; or to Mess. Loe-maauadCaraoieoltcit,m-.--
