DEATHS. On the 2sth nIt., at Mlontreal. Upper Canaa, Camline, Becond daughter of the lato Mr. John lay, in the 30th scar of her age. On the 5th inst. at Violet Cottage, BothwerD James Johnston. 3;q., emnafeer, a native of ralkirk. N.B., and lato of the Colpino Iron-works, RusiLa. On the outbreak of the recent war he was ofrered the thief encmeerjcip of the navy and works at Cronotadt. by the lato Emperor Nicholas, but with tbe spirit of a true patriot, he rgected the lucreteaoffice rather than appear in opposition to the interests of his native cosutZly. On the 7th ist., at No. 17, Melton-terrace, Wandsworth-rosd W. Etephan Harn Peone medical student of Guy's Hospital aged 21. On the Sth inzt. at enmp-town, Brighton, 2ged tbree yearMnrio - liz6beth, elde3t daugl-terof Jofeph and Mlaxazme moadbehen, of Iondon-terrace, Hackney, London. E;;rly on the Sth inst. at 6, CanOnbum-Pwak1 Islington, Fanny Maar garetta Clarke. aged T Yas nd S months. Oa the 9th inst., Hery Deacon, Req., of Portamouth, in the Gist year of his age. - On the 9th last, at Netherton, liorpeth, Andrew Robert Fenwick, Faq. agre 60, one of Her Majests Juatiee of the Pence for the county of orthumnberLnnd. On the 9th ir.t, at 5 Vttpl565, Stoke Newigton-road, Ann, relictof thelate Geo. Dunn, Req., aged 6. On Sunday, the 10th inst., at Reading, after a short Mueo, liln, the only survivlng daughter of the Iste George Pzcmter, L5q., aged 52. On the 11th Inst., at Leasanaton. Hariet second daughter of the late John Pinkerton, of Tottenham, Rsq., aged 67. On the 11th inst., at Gaddesby Hall, Leiceate-rtire M3E Ayre, 2ge 72. On Mfonday, the lithinat., at R:xby-farn, North Cray, Kent, in his Si. year,suddenly,Henry thirdsonuof Ir.tobt.Allen,3jn. On the llth inst., at Boulogne-sur-Mer, Arthur Aiher Tompson, Req., aged SS. On the i2th inst., at his residence a' the Spa, Glocestor, Jame3 Robert Wemysa, a3ed 42, econd son of the Late Maor Francis On the l2'h inst., M Weston Parry, aged 3L On the 13th inst, Louimr, third daughter of Edward ToLer, Esq, Hampstead, Middlesex
TRADE .REPOB. I _- Wednesday Evening. flUGAR.-There was but one sugar sae to-day, 1,157 bags of da-Maged ManilUa that sold at 42s. 6d. to 43s. per cwl. In the West India market the transactions are only 84 hoogsheads. Privately a cargo of white Havanna, 1,200 boxes, has been purchased af'cat for St. Petersburg, at 48s. per cwt. CoFrFE-The auctions, comprisin 285 casks, 220 bar. rels and bags of plantation Ceylon, sord well at full rate-. 1,378 bags of Pactang brought from 42s. to 46s. 6d. for low to good ordinary; 389 bags of -Rio comanon to good ordinary, 37s. to 39s. ; and washed, 48s. Gd. to 53s. Gd. per owL. 100 cases of East India were taken in at 58s. per cwt. RicE 4ND SALTIETRE.-There are no transactios of in. terest to'mention. Jvr.-1,580 bales brought rather improved rates. The. greater part sold. COCnI-xxi-L.-At public sale to-day 243 bags were offered, and about two-thirds sold at fully Previous prices, viz.- 234 bags of Honduras silver, at 3s. Oa2 to 4s. 2d. per lb. for ordinary to good; 3 bags ditto black, 4E. 1. to 4s. 4d.; and 6 baps eneriffe, ordinary to good, 4s. 4d. to 4s. 7d: per lb. TEA.-The sales to-day comprised 16170 packages, of wbich 2800ackages were coDgon, 1,450 souchong, 5,80 oolong, 4T170 scented orange pekoe. .970 twankay, 200 hyson, and the remnainder assorted. There was no disposition on the part of the trade to bid nearthe nominal market rates, and only about 800 packages,of which 330 were "without reserve," were disposed of in the room. A large parcel of oulong,. from New York, was withdiawn mthot a fair offer. TALLOW.-The market remains without alteration. 53s. is paid on the spot, and 5ls. for tile last three months.
RAILW4Y INTELLIGERNU. A - GrRE3AT .'RRlsP:l?. The directors of this company have just iasued their report. It sates "that the results of the traffic over the several lines of railway continue to be satisfactory, and are enconraging, for the fature., Comparing the receipts of the two corresponding periods in 1855 and 1856, it willbe perceived. that the increase on the Great Western Railways has been 56,8831., and on the two Shrewsbury Railways (north of Wolverhampton) 19,184., making together an aggregate improvement of revenue during the last half-year of 76,0@37. These inereasedreceipts have been sparatelgyproduced from the followingsources:- Great Westem. Shrewabury. TotaL Paesers-.nr.. . ;33,449 .. 3 3264 .. 713 Goods. catue, &c... 15 .. 15,197 .. 35,512 Othersources 3,019 .. 723 .. 3,742 z£i6,83 £19,18 ;e76,067 It may be also mentioned that, with one immaterial exception, those improvements in income have been derived from each of the various lines and branches worked by the company. The portion of the Hereford, Ross, and Glocester Railvay between Hopebrook and Herefordhaving beein first opened on the 1st of June, 1855, allowance must be made in the comparison of receipts between the two periods for a difference of five months' additional traffic in 1856 over 18 miles ofthat railway. On the other hand, the same observation applies in like manner to the expenses iniurred in working those 18 miiles of railway. Notwithstanding, however, that circunistance, it is gratifying to report that the directors have been enabled to reduce the working charges of the Great Western undertakings from 285,126!. in 1855 to 282,0S01. in 1856, being a difference of 3,05!., which, adde tothe increasedrevenue of56,88 overtho saimelines, provides an available increase of nearly 60,000M. in one-half year towards the interest and other preference engagements, as well as to pay ran increased dividend to the shireholders. The Shrewsbury lines have been worked at an increased ex- pendituro of only 5,545!., although thegreaterreceiptshave been 19,184!., principally derived from goods traffic. In both instances the cost of maintenance of way will be found maialytc account for the difference in the expenditure of the two persods; in the one case-that of the GreatWestern. lines-thedimlnution under that head exceeding the 'orhol saving, whileiatheothere160thegroaterchzrge for mnaintenance of way is nearly equivaleot to the tohl increase of expenses for working the two Shrewsbury railways. Whils erring to that item of ezpenditure, it ISproper to olserve thatthere had been aanunusnaly heavy expenditure during the last two or three years for the permanent improvement of the ballasting acd drxining of the Great Western lines, and also for the supply of new materiaL, which subjects have been specily mentioned in formerreports of .the engineer-in-chief. The company are now reaping, to. some extent, the advantages of that- increased expenditure. The, practioe of p!acing against revenue no each half-year tho cost of all rails, timber, and other materials supnlied for the line, as uniformly Adopted by this company, must tend occasionally to disparity in-tho half-yearly accounts of expznditure, according to the exigencies of each period; but it nevertheless appears to the board,preferable to the- system of carrying it, i the first instance, to the debit of a separate renewal account., which. may afterwards, in somo instances, become transferied to the capital account Theodirectors hava to reonimend that a dividend be now declared at the rate of 2A per cent. per annum out of the earnings of tho company, after defraying all the charges and liabilities upon the revenue, as shown in the accounts duly audited and approved.. The said dividend viUbe made payable in the uisual manner on and, after the st of September to the holders of the consolidated stock and Windsor shareholders, -who were registered for the sameattlie closing of the books, and a balance will be carried over to the next half-year of 6,867 1.4s. 7d. Besides this amount, there iS a heavy claim stil under arbitrafion, -againt the Postrmster-General for additional mral services .erformed'since Februajy, 1855, which there can be little aoubt will be as6erteined aad adjusted during- the current half-year. On the other hand, the dividends secured to the. 3ennetand Avon. Canal shareholders have, Upon the aggregate, exceeded the total net revenues of it since the pumchase of the canal in 1851. The ieficiency will b met out of the lager amountpayabletothiscom,any forextramailse-vioes.; The power of runrding goods trains over the line ofril.way between Chester and Birkenhead has been exercised by this company since the 2d of Febtuarr last,; and an aewaid les been made determining the terms upon which this company is entitled so to runs those- trains. The -amnount -payable 'under that award (wbichwill -lst for tbree. yeare only) is undoubtedly heavy, consisting partly of an annual rent and partly of toll; aud it is only by means of a considerable increase in the traffic that the rent can be defrayod without los.- Alreadythere has been.a satisfactory.aoheasionrbf business to your northern lines through Birkenhead, and there rze indications of piogreFevse impovements in thQe goods traffic, pow that this company are 'in - position to lundrtke .the management and exclusive control of it to-and from the port of Iiveipooll The line of the Wilt -and S0omerset Railway betwren i Warminns:er and Salisbury, a distace of 20 mi les, wa opened I for public traffie on the 30th of June last. ThelccaI bustaness promnises to be good - and-whsen tiee London and South;Wesern new station in albr shall beo ompleted, near to that of-theWrermist-er line, a through trafric ts Southcmpton;P]ortamr,ith, and the- coxat iD anticipatediwbich: .rnl make the line, itself e zn7erative .wh iuditor have taken stook during the maner wit the rte&t cae * andattention, through persons employed by theinsel, andv- independesit of the officers of toecoompsy, and they *report the result of that examination ag satisfactory, ro^D7 tAe accuracy of thtestore accounts to the 30thof June,- 856. 'ho lgoinmotiyo gagianoetwOoC, Qaraes, wagos,t & g hre al-A bieenase rtain4do be in 6rmpiAete iii gad cdat tcondition. -No exvetorz have bee.s 1ae j the )omeon of tlib 'a;nhi!ahedlineai las oikgad thO dtrqc. tora3iope to see 'al the '`arlia0=e1itary esaumrts- dL compAny. cncludd 'beFoos thdoseof hepet:es. Medirectorsaxv4 not bee-prosoteras dany bWI itkiwn the last two sessions of Parliament iad le d c tempate At present thenecesit Ofay apcae& - -egsatue hor refs (powers. It.isy I suaner tref t atisfactiontotheboard,to find thattheproajters g th, Metropolitan Eailway are likely to prooeec forthith - t f construction of that railway, which will foWA a continu,Q liue from the Paddington station into the city, and 1easi%ai. able both for passengers and goods to and from thei com, pany's.whole system. -An agreement has been concludec upon very satisfctory terms for securing from, the B.uaon. Coa-lComp.ny (bimited) a sinimu,n freidtf of 40,0001. per annum for coals to be corveyedover d tance exceeding N0Oa mSonfhecompanyPs ine of railiay ,It wrill commence in JTanuary next, and, p:tovided- a.certffg Cate from the coal maneris otained tht the sale-inT don can be enlarged so as to admit of a ccnsde elton. siossof business -in the- qualities of coa adaptec1tohonS consumption, the Ruabon Compsny base coventined to secure to the ridlwayafter the t year a inimum. an. nual freight. of 60,000l.,-nd .ater the second yer 80,0001. ia respect of their coals. The directors hope to mnke simira lar agreements witlh other coal owners, and thereby t6 er(courage a traffic which; with other sources of impraving revenue, ought at..all times to insure better dividends tp the proprietors of the consolidated stoc.L The lamented. dexth of -Mr. Rtussell has taken place since the last half. yearly meeting, and the-board, cannot refrain from expressimg their deep and sincere .rgret at the loss of so valusble a colleague, whose services in the chair during miany yeas. have Z been repeatedly the subject of eulogium from the general body of proprietors; The dire. tors are-cf oprion tlhat the NAcancy caused by Mi. Bnsuse d.eath should not be filled up at present. until the service of some person of known ability and high character cam be secured capable of devoting his time and attiinmnentato the welfare of the company."- The report of ,: MBrunel, the engineer, states ihat the Salisbury branch of the Wilts and Somerset Eailway Lis beenor-ned,andi3'WOklcigTery'satisfactorily. The umi -noice,ke engvntocthe~Boi~of Trade of-tha6intenedd opening of 26mifles of the WyAuhRiwy en h portionneibending from Forome to'Ycovil. 'Upon the rensining - distance to -Mreymouth the laying of the pemnient way is proceeding -as fast as the rails are da. livered, and every exertion ziill be used to co6nplete it for pulicuse vitl the least delay. Upon the Bradford and Datbampton Branch the permanent way is the only work to govei.a the opening of that line. The junction for the ulxbridge Branch al West Drayton and the station at Jxbridge have been completed. The works of the Reading Western Branch are nearly finished, and provision is nade for extended goods sidings there. The Henley Branch is also in a forward state, and mo time will be lost in com. pleting it. The main line and branches of this company which have been in use for traffic have been miintained in an efficient and satfsfactory manner. LANCASBIRE AMD YORKSBIRE The directors of this company have decided on recommending the proprietors at their next meeting to declare a dividend from t8e earningrof the past haf-year at the rate of 41 per cent. per annum, leaving an amount to be added to fhe surplus. IIDLATD. The dlirectors of this company have just issued their report. . It states that the increase of traffic for the hilfyear ending the 30th of June amounted to 55,17:1., as compared with. the corresponding period of 1855. The balance available for dividend is 242,197L, of which 33,802!. is brought from the previons half-year, and 208,39 arises from the traffic of the past half-year. The directors pro. pose to declare a dividend for-the half-year at the rate of 2 per cent. upontheltidlaud consolidated stock, of 13. 6s. 3d. upon the Birmingham and Derby consolidated stock, 2 e cent, on thoelecester and Hitchin stock, and the unsal dividends on the p referential and guaranteod stockls 351 miles of single lmnehave been relaid, and 461 miles fish-iointed during the half-year. The enginer, Mr.C. Lidde, ports that the works on the Icicester and Hitchin line are progressig, and that thie- line will be completed in !tune. The estimated cost of wvorLs necessary for the increasng traffic dunn" the present half-vear amounts to 71,750., exclusiie of the amount to be chaged to capital for the increased weight of materials used relaying the line. The capital account shows that 19,954,277L had been received, and 19,802,3574 expended, leaving a balance of 151,92ll. The renewal of permanent wayfund shows a balance against it of 9G,2101., and the renewal of rolling stockaecount a balance of 12,660!. against it. The debenture account show s that 4,151,555!. had been borrowed to the 30th of June, of which 340,639!. was borrowed at 5 per cent. 935,3151.a4t .45per cnt.;7 1,W08438., at4 per cent.; at 31; 4,120!., at 3j- ad 550l., at 3 per cent. The working stock account shows thaat 2,088,397! had been expended noon it, that 584 miles are worked by the company, and that tbs average cost oftheir rolling stock is 3,576. per m.ile. The revenue account for -the half-year ending June 30, shows that 742,T38!. had been received -for traffic, 10,772'. from the North-Western for working the line, 10,435!. for rents, 8,S751. interest on calls in arrear and bankers' balances, 2,8951. dividends on shares held by the oompauy, nd 2471. tnsfer.fees; total. 775,9S5!. The workin-g and o'.her expensews amounted to 372,7941,, nclunding 16,321I. for r-tesand taxes,T 7O2tGovignment duty l5,0t00. permanent wayrenew, al, 6,250. for increase ofrollingstoc-, and 540!. for bad debts. The interest on loans and debentures amounted to ,6411. ;the guaranteed dividendsto 192,238! ; the Matlock deficiency, to 2 057! - for redemption oIf debentures, 500!.; leaving, wth the balance of 33,802!. from the preceding half-year, a disposable balance of 24,1'97!., of whlichthe proposed dividends would abeorh238,6581., and leave a balance of 3,539Z. for the next account. EAST LAN CASHRE. The half-yearly meeting of thIis companywaas held yesterday atBury, Mr. Dagdale presidling. An abstract -of the half-yearly report and statement of accounts has already appeared in T7ihe Tins. The C)Auit=~N saidx that the balance-sheet for what was termecl the-worst half of the yeax now showed a larger amount applicable for dividend than had been so available in any previous half-year since the opening of the ralwy Calling to miind the position of the trading population of the distict, the high price of food, and the increased cost of stores during the half-year, the above was a most satisfac. tory result, and afforded incontestable proof of theincreased prosperity of thisundertaking. (Hear, hear.) The highpercentage of working expenses was to some extent elucidated by the fact that during the last few years 70 per cent. of the increased earnings had been obtained from goods and minerals. Daring the last fei-e years the length of thel rairway- had been increased 14 miles, inclucing the joint line from Clifton to Manchester ; and, while the average receipt per mile per annum for passengers for the year ending June, 1856, as compared 3with the ycea ending June, 1852, showed an increase of only 9 per cent., the average receipt upon goods traffic had increased 32 per cent. The directors were of opinion that a verylarge saving might be effected in the goods dspartm3nt expenses, besides greater efficiency being secured by the adoption of a mechanical mode of handling. Iotwithstaningmthemcreased cost of stores, the worldng expenses had been reduced by 1 percent. as compared with thetvo previoushalf-years, and the officers reported thatthe rolling stock and vsorks of every description had been raintained in eflicient repair at the cost of revenue. Ee cong,ratulated the shareholders on the settlement of the disputed questions as to the toll payable between Clifton and Manchester previous to Jult,' 2 the absence of a renewal fund the directors had studiouslv avoided reducing the amount of the reserve fund until tle Clifton contingency was disposed of, but they now saw no ieason why it should not be approprited,or a renewal and replacement fond; and the directors hoped that at a future period the company ould be enabled to set zpat each year a sufficient sum for a -perm aent renewal fund. The directors regretted exceedingly theolo of life by the recent accidents, but did not expect any serious item fir oompensation inconsequence. He moved the, adoption of the report, The motion was'carried unanimouisly, as wa also a rose lution demlaring thegaranteed dividen'ds on thle preference ~stock of.the company, and'a edividend of 4 per cent. per annum on the -ordinazy stock-all payable on the2thint. The meeting was then made special, and the directors -were authorized to oonvert the debenture debt, or sny part of it, into perpetul annuities of the company, at a rate not excecoing 4per cent.-per anuan. The preceedinge-concudei'with a vote of thanks to the STOCKTOIi AND DAEIGTON. The half-yearlymeeting of this company was held yeterday at parlington, lr. T. MIeynell in the chair. The report of the directors (an abstract of which has ap-' peard in The Tim7ru) was taken as read. The CruAmuA, in moving the adoption of zthe report, remarked that for 14 half-years successively the directors had been able to give a satisfactory statement. Duringzthat 1849 itoproducedl47,OO ,-in the last half-yearit Lad exceeded 150,OOI. This was a -state of affairs which coula hardly be shown by any young compawiy, and certainly not by any that-had been etablished for a oonsiderable number of ytors. l'herewvs every proanect that the increase would continue. In the last month, conapared with the coresnonding mouth of 1855, there was an increase of above ,000l., bein larger than that shown by any one, month for somne time. The opening of the tunnel branch in September would make the 'workdng of tho line lesu expenaive, and zeleve the ,revenue account of the payments which for two or three years :sd being going out in its cornsti'uction. Trhe Stanley branch wrould also, he believed, bring the mrvodoce of a valuable coadfeld ovor this line shortldy, and the receipts of The Barnard Castle line (ieased by them) 3hd exceed anticipation. The report was adopted, and dividends of' 5 pet enqt, on preference shares, 5 peer cent. en Wear Valley andheodrarog pod 9 per cent. on ordinaryoshares ere declared. A.vote of-thanks to the 'ehairman cnoro3dedthieproceed. --BRADFORD, -WAKEFIED, AND 1ED, aTheahalf yto rueetinga of thiS comny as held ygsterday at Bracdory. Ther. w,oirth npritemd t sir. mointh3 d&thfeacrerthaineg read theyhedonIy a abstract of'wihch haL pei.re i 7 per ie ge The CAou x?, in r in oing ith adoption, haid t the onstruction of theo ELne was progressing in at mst t- f very satisfactory. OThea' -er withie ai lttl moe a fi otso h pma.o h ie e'thyadol mh4faeerydiwidd . d * I --M BJuAw a.md.d the adepkx -CiVwi W tb. I; sigrd to. ' On she inotisa .1 the CMAxEwl. ~ihe dzr*e%, war -utanhcrildto cerowthe-wle or any pati Of :9OO. a such i.mes a oE tsuch tm in.'the-- 'tdhink2&It. [A -ate c achan t4eihe ChairWAon% liad ed-t1epeiod. g ~~ ~ , , :.. - :. !SX*t tBFFALO AID LAKE HURON. .A mUeetng Of this comnpany was -held ystrdattt LonadonTvern. Mr. T. W. Powellin ths chair. The report xtati& after coaidsi ble dela, ich t complication of ite of the oldO de it - -poesmion of the.B lo, tfordVfida( andL Works in prozrees, 'withx the rollig-axock adate the first aeven yeas,E 30,00Og. a-year ;--for thea eightlb ea~ .325001.; for the ninth I.a, -35,OO&.; for _he tet;e;; 37,W00.;- and for the cfeveuith aind evy suaNi4quat year. 40,0001.;-P zuci -renta being in fact paid% The ado*lon of the following six per cent bonds of the oad acie bonds 50D,00D., fahli-ng due in 1872, i-873w&1ST4z requiring 3 Q , t a-year for interest; deferred - _bon, four equal ieriea* each 4l,666&- and each reqhiring 2,500n . a-year for jnterest; MZd inaterest oo nhs;ne,ing -sien, eightO,-nine iand ten years hence, uimulta:nemuly with; and exactly absorhing, the suofeadij increasesolrenttal. -The olling'sto of a th othl e effe ta'kem b-valuation, anouvteto about 41Englis.. The directors consider lthese ter-ms, although-quite -a--gooa ase the clcl- com- ay,as entitled uinder its circumsiatatee to lookf,on very ,av le indee&for the acquisitio&nofaSt'ihway psessinng so mny savantageeboth for collecting andI worling af th, of which about three-7fourths, or 3114 miles. masy ue cpene in three or four moenths from -this t.e.Te Pen nvov a total. sacrifioe of the, BUMflo Brantford, s and Geoderich ompany's shareeapitalof aboLtd 22#O0 , axnd alo, cor - sideuable le to the suiaecured creditrs. .-The pag cf the act throuih t'he Canadian legislature vwa seoomua, by seriouss difficultyasuddlaT afor glotprincipa fror the uindue i attention given to obstUnate oppontion of a private shareholder lni theoldc, ompany. The sctficient tom paedi:vien sof6 n d i 8perov onos, aTndanfers nob. owaer ior raLne pitLan uingl: n for itati -.0 . The leeg and fora mt e tins o W the of shanrhilders on d t o the -bhordardmustbheld iCaa, t but the u f oie -which are uireservedly r s allowed -to bcti =heo and directors, wil prackie w ageve fall contri Aof the 'iolicyp proceedings, and expenaitu,6 to the .Fn&Lsheprorietary. The appointed number of directors is sun thre eto be . cquorum. It was expedient to elect four English directoa and five Canadian, onieof which ffVe to-he thepadina4sging drector, who. would be the lpewal arepresentative -of tha English director and hold theirproxies for use if njedfna, accring toinstiuctinna fromEnld. LP A Ithe areemant; betweoe the two -companies it is pulatc_ed ththep lina [shall he opened from FortL Erie to S~tratford, -114~miles, withinx sn muoAths; and the remaining 45 miles to Goderich. within two yeaxssftir the tranisfer of poses-onwhich toolk plac on the- 28th of JUne last . It La.~ hopedi thaLt the former will be~ effected -witbin 'four -Imoath.T and the latter within 16 or 1S months. 'As the works wil now be -rail prcee ihhe directors have rceolvel to call St. on the shareg *yable in t*wo ieahlstits of 21. 10s. eh, on the, Ist of a ptember andAt of anovim6ber, Sine te mnthof eceberlast theminagemiat-f the company's affeie hAve been intru:sted to. Cptain ' . E Barlow (ate the -manager of tho South-EvAsern-Raillwayr Compauy), and On Lthe lEi of JuLne last Lhe was appointed mnagikng director of the company, with chag. f- o the engineering department. LThe diractrors expreW their en.- treide satisfaction atthe ability, persevmaceand tact 2 ith. whc ebdperformed his duty_ to the comnpany. Ther diretr expkect tharut the lin wilberopnd rin gf tol areis,onthehGrat'WestmRn aviLy, inSpmber anS be*ompletedk h6uco to Stratford in October. The'a1coot&t showed-that:L%000 shares-had--beeon-issued", 51. 1OLbein paid upon each, and that they h.ad realized 103 4271- The atotal of 109,2051 Out of thiswere deducted.intere paN to shareholders, office expenses, -nd 7,0ML. sent to Canada, leaving v.Wanesinhan of4,32 - _- 9 The CH~An., in moving ~the adoption of theajepor.1, bFor obtaining poesion of the line. 'A great.'i&-dof work- had devolve o=nthe English directrs in consequenecn of -the Canadian directors givin g more attension -tcd their own private affairs, than to tha business of 'the cor npan'. They had obtained the line on certsn. terms mnentlMce'd m. the reprt, but-on going into the accounts of the old comnpanythley found-the liabilities miore serious thLn haa beent represented; sio t'hat t'he claims of the creditorswould absorb, all tbe assets- and leave nothing for the shareholdeis of that old ompay. Tey ouldsoonhave17miles of..rallway. fo w fc they onl w eeievoeay.s 30,01 aya. h pfyirstseenyears,anda larero sum aTherewasds,-oulthtiey amountd have4a,large a-yeug.-Theffdistrictnth-oest, wicla thldeirlne assonmedewhsias ivgoo d.frloaThraflcaslholf tehe beofeatoteLGreat Western of Canada, twaapououand fethile diterict,hndif theyr compnly recivd asmucha onbu the re's th GetWestern sahodid borino pposedlc itwould nhe suf_icient paye divedend"seo and 8 peary cent.Ther wais no do;ut theyt would hiega arg ote thogtraf,thtth ircuastande west whic rouseldtn to puncrease thei divien-wdc. ThderBfalo azliehad benofferedy Itowspoool the GreatWoternof ianad,oo th~s e cterms thattheir comp nystdrurchase -it,o bu t he3ea aredot,r shreoulder bein op tiposed to branchesmo Thecstionf the bigreat oi Weser Comp .any-efse it.wa intnsdope thaereoe in cas n e an iar sould-t arioVse etwee theupn wthno avraead tromtetrfi,1 tha5 fethe crusanct ted of tharvinr refusted toroi prcha,se 'httheelne would a m e odre aify advers te feeo rspcnodam ttion, an-stedpho andterndd nto p~var -cit of uffao toconsruct a dabridge c6s uthe carrie out, ould e of geat i portac lect theg Ther costof he ridewoldb 12,001. ofndthesinet4inieto haveas~ penig inthe entr toalualow veselcs to p theough.nTh adeplckthof waptern forlthreefourthis ortlids- c onsted of soald rot o that therea wonculdhed difeipul The proposedrl b -mdeetwas complthied. uy-wblc a BesoAluntions,werepass Dedado thing ntherprt lctAing f- u Enlihe poedirectoers, otin ah tomahanksrofn the meeingto Miiendsrs. paerieand. owadecllafrteirvlabesrvcst ATvot cof thnk itso ebga the shiri.cncded tim e -dpro- day at tarlingon, r-. Pao mt ntecar The proceedings were of a fomal charactr, and ath eruu cetdividendaf6pe et was declared. TRAFFIC RETURNS. SImes Psh- 1,1ec- u'otI, Total. wailwams open. sengers. caudise. 18s 1855. 'Feek en ding Augus 2. EdinburgtLandGla,gw ..13 .-..-- 6,123 -.5,854 Northflsyozi -- -- 35 .- -- 65i- 4iI% Week aud1n August 3. Greet Noithern .. .- 283 ------ . 2162 -.SI Osiedonian -.. .. . -. .13,81 .. 1,81 North stafiozdablre -.23--- .--. ?,55 Week endins August 0. Xosaaand Xanage .-1 -9 . $12.. 6 sit 'FeekenlhingAugoat S.- Liacelly - 2S.. i. m -.40. 412 'Week enaing Aegust 105 L0adouandNeoth-Wbgazem'637 -- - 70,359 .67.16; london and S uth-Wetem - I. 1i554- ,01 21,%55 18,06 Manchester..Sbemeld, and NorthLLondon .-- -9 -. -97- - - T'he retuins from the leS of July.50, IM nelude agti tepeent and corresponding weeks) the kaffic of the BMjnccki%g2mahre acdL North U,ueed Line. -but not -the traffi of the HudderaSeld canui ShroT h-ire Union, Precton au d WMr. Somuth,j nd)ou, and Ma cshea-j We anid Buxton RAl1wa2s
£QZIrOii, THURSDAY, AUGUST 14, M. . ~ ~ d. The season now approaches for the rhetorical disp]ays of the platform and the dinner table. It zy be'taken as a sign of the spreading I6ve of oratorica1 distinction that not only do more mer,beTs of the two Houses join in debate; but thIat numbeis whom circumstancea or the unldndnezz of constituenlcies debar from the arena at Wqatj$nster look to agricultural banquets and- pbilAntlropic or scientific meetings for an 9pportunity of giving their great ideas to the world. It need hardly be aid thIaf Soremost among these autumnal .oratorf is Sir A. Amso. A shower of speeche5 froma this distinguished historian and economi3t may be looked for about this time with as rmuch certainty as the flighta of meteors, which ame a puzzle :to astronomers. The county of Durham has just been illiunined by a brilliant coruscation. The views of Conservative philosophy respecting the present state ol England have been enunciated, and must be received -with all the respect due to the historian of the world in general during the last 60 years. We have much difficulty usually in dealing with politicians of Sir A. ALsox's creed;,for their geniuis is eminently prophetic. While other men are content to recamll the past or discuss the preseat, the orators who find favour with the eountry party are almost always rapt into future times -within five minutes after the commencement of a speech, and portray the destinies of us all, the inevitable results of our national policy, and the date of our destruction, or our repentance of error, -with all the minuteness of a popular preacher discussing the Apocalypse. As we canot prove positively that 'i0 years hence things will not be as the speaker says, we are obliged to leave him the victory, which his confidence perhaps deserves, and to bear with the consciousness that to an. admiring auditory he must remain far our superior in philosophical insight. We may venture, however, to differ from Sir A. Amsow on some of the questions which are within ordinary ken. Military and financial science are the strong points of the historian of Europe during the war and since the peace. On both these subjects he is always ready with batteries of facts, 'which he brigs to bear with vigour on the bewildered intellect of his hearers. Who can withstand a man who knows all about Russia and Persia and California, and Mr. Prr's sinking fund, and the price of wheat under the oldMonarchy of France, and the changes now taking place in the value of the precious metals? IVho is not startled by the solemn "Now atteid" or "MIark this" with which he prefaces tne deep conclusion which he draws from his vast and varied lore? Can we doubt that his audience at Seaham, from the Crimean Lord down to the colliers, went home with the conviction that they, andEnglandin general, were "following the steps " of someSonnambula treadingwithher eyes blinded "on the edge of a precipice ?" However, we that are far away froTm the scene of all this eloquence, of which only a dim image can be preserved by the art of the reporter, are able to loolk calmly at the facts which the speaker cites in support of his vaticinations and warnings. The first proposition is, that Englishmen nearly ruined their country by the Unsparing reduction of armaments during 40 years of peace. Now, we cannot wonder that there should be men ready to repeat this cry on all occasions. Every one connected with the incapable clique whose selfishness and folly the nation has just expiated-every one who wishes for social favour from a narrow aristocratic classevery one 'who aima at a reputation for superior wisdom by pretending to despise the opinions of the public, will naturally be found anxious to transfer the blame of every failure to the general policy of the nation. It is to no purpose that the recent calamities have been brought home to the authorities of the Horse Guards and their favourites by a. body of evidence sufficient to convict any offender in the most scrupulous court of criminal justice; it is to no purpose that all manldnd are able to discern by the insolence of certain parties, by their confusion of ideas, and even by their style, when they write a letter or despatch, how inferior are their minds and their moral tone, and how naturally the placing of sUch men in powor must lead to disasters. There will always be found among the aristocracy and their hangers-on people who will struggle against any body of testimony, especially if the result is possibly to be the restoration of the old rule with increased patronage and power. But the nation is not to be deceived. It kno'ws well that the economy of 40 years was not unwise; that the money saved during that time has more than paid the expenses of the war; that the reason why two years of hostilities left the country as fresh and high-spirited as ever was that lightened taxation during many years of peace had allowed a development of industry unknown in the annals of the world. The public also clearly sees that larger armaments during peace would have in no degree bettered our position at the outbreak of war. The horrors and calamities would only have been more extensive. Twice as many incapable generals would have allowved twice as many troops to perish. Double brigades of cavalry on the plateau of Sebastopol would have seen their horses perish in half the time. No; the event has proved that there would have been nothing gained by a multiplication of AMnEs and Lucscis. The British army, consisting of 130,000 men, besides the army of India, is quite large enough for the wants of an island like ours. The best proof of this is that, vwith our present e-xperience, there is no intention permanently to increase the number of men bearing arms. Better education, better discipline, a more honest and earnest professional spirit in officers of all ranks, are what is required-what, in fact, should have been insured by the military authorities before the war, but has been left for the popular voice to extort. But Sir A. ALrsoN is nothing without his historical facts. It is a measure of his judgment regarding the late events when we find him refering the disaster at Cabul and the Sikh war to unwvise economy. It is now pretty well confessed that the march into Affghanistam was a gross mistake, but Sir A. ArsoN sees in the proceeding only a legitimate defence against an attack of Russia. According to him, we had diminished our Indian army, and consequently the CzAR advanced his columns. It was therefore necessary to occupy Cabul. Most people have considered that to send 6,000 troops and 20,000 camp-followers hundreds of niles into a mountainous country, far from their resources, was an act of unpardonable rashness. The British force was cut ofi; and all the armies of the world could not have saved them. But Sir A. ArsoiN seems to think that they perished in the Khyber Pass because there were no other troops in India to assist them. Their fate has generally been ascribed, not to any peaceful policy, but rather to the warlike instincts of Governors-General, who are willing to illustrate the term of their pro-consulate by some brilliant aehievement; and this is the first time that the disaster has ever been attributed to a British disarmament. Similar in novelty is. the discovery of Sir A. Arsox that the Sikhs who opposed us in 1848 and 1849 wero our own Sepoys, disbanded in a fit of scandalous retrenchment; but any one who is aware that the Sikhs were a religious and military caste, recruited from the population of the Punjab, and that ,the amny we fought was the army of RusEr SWGmU, Vhich he sDent his Sife in ereatinp,. andni-7 r;ke,;oRa by means of V}2TumA, Akvium, P other Europeans, will be able to appreciate the accuracy of Sir A. -Asog's facto. We musat now tum to his finance. " The next "point," says the speaker, " to which I desire to ydi:et your. attention is the imnense alteration in "the value of money, and iii the price of every "article of life, in consequence of the gold dlstcoveries in California and Australia." Now, this is the only way Sir A. Araso andl hli have to f fact we rie'o't' all ruined' by l?rotectio,i, as' iie has over and v,er' agai-priedicted. 'He theref4re Stands-to the theory manfully. Blit, however Seahamrreceives it, -it will 'hardly be accepted by the world. Indeed, the iurprishng fact connected with these discoveries is, that, they have made; as yet verylittle difference in the value of gold. iIt seems to be all absorbed by the growing commerce of the world. France, which a few years sice had only her 5-franc pieces' is now coining Napoleons" by the million; America is substituting gold pieces for paper; India takes monthly enormous quanti- ties of bullion, which nevei seem to return. Tbls; proes is likely to continue for years. As to th6 rise of prices, it is quite a delusion. Wheat fel lOs. a-quarter last Friday,' and is now at a price which IProtectionists used to consider ruinously low; from the- report of the MetroDolitan Cattle Market we find that beef is cheaper than at the -ame period of two preceding years, and other kinds of meat are nearly at the same price as this time last year. On. the whole, we would adviie Sir A. ABIsoN to pursue the more philosophicalprocess of founding his theories on facts, instead of making theories and then squaring facts to fit them. In his present speech he offends more than usually by.warping history to support his notions on matters which it wouea seem even long study does not enable him to understand. If he is to stand out as the philosopher of the Conservative cause, it will indeed be a long time before it recovers the sympathies of the country.
The state of things at San Francisco is a phenomenon which must surprise any member of a settled community and established order of things. It is sufficiently startling even to an Englishl mind, and we are not unaccustomed to political roughnesses a4d storms. And, if it puzzles an Englishman, how absolutely- inexplicable it must be to a foreigner, and one unaccustomed to the action of even ordinary liberty ! If London in a Westminster election is a riddle to an Austrian or Prussian, 'who cannot understand how such scenes can accord with State security and civil order, and who, at every shout of an excited mob, expects the body politic to collapse, what must he think of the condition of a community in which a selfconstituted " Committee of Vigilance" wields the whole authority of the State, maintains order, executes the laws, punishes criminals,-does. all this in the place of the regular State magistracy which it has overthrown, and in defiance of the troops of the Federation of which it is a member9 Such is the picture which San Francisco now presents. The " Vigilant Police" capture the vessel conveying arms from the Federal Executive at Washington to the State Militia at San Francisco; the "leader of the Vigilant board" ing party" is then himself captured by the United States' MIarshal; the Vigilant Committee then retaliates by sending its own Marshal to arrest the 3nan out of whose custody the obnoxious arms were originally seized. Ile is found surrounded by a party of his friends, and, a-mong others, by a certain Judge TERRY, a judge under the former reqime, ardI who does not acknowledge his authority to beyet quiteover. Judge TEnrRydefends his friend, is fired at, and in return draws his bowie-knife and despatches the Vigilants' Afarshal. The "great bell " of the Vigilance Committee" then sounds, the whole town rushes out, " merchants leave their "stores, masons drop their trowels, draymen with "loaded drays unharness their horses, and ride off "to join the Vigiant Committee's cavalry." Judge TknBBY and his party maL-e off to a place occupied by Federal troops, and raise barricades; but in vain. An immense mob surrounds the building, and- posts two -large cannon in front. The cannoneer stands by with the burning match, and 15 minutes' time is given for consideration. TERRY, his friends, and the Federal troops surrender, and are disanned, and the foriner now awaits his triaL His friends in the journals opposed to the Conmmittee argue his cause with warmth and ingenuity, and thrust the Comnittee of Vigilance into the dilemma, if they punish him, of either putting to death a citizen for an act done in support of established authority, or of killing a prisoner of war. " Judge TERnRY," they say, " acted in defence of the Federal supremacy, "which you yourselves are bound to respect ; but, "if you do not allow this ground, you must, at "any rate, allow that the Federal power claims the "supremacy, and therefore that the existing state "of things is a fight for that supremacy "-i.e., a state of civi war, in which "case you have no right to treat Judge "TxBuy but as a prisoner of war." The Committee of Vigilance, however, is not very likely to listen to such an argument. The existence of a free press, in which the Com;uittee's acts are criticized and censured, and which there is no apparent attempt to put down, is indeed a curious feature of this confused state of things. But the Committee is evidently compelled by its very position to regard itself as the supreme power in San Fraucisco, and therefore to treat as rebels all who opposeit. This whole state of things, then, in a civil community which professes to be a member of the Federation of the United States, is indeea a surprising one. When we examnine, however, the principles on which all government in the united States . is basedf, and. see what the republican theory is, we shall be Iess surprised. The statute lair of the united States of course enjoins, as statute law in all States must do, that established authority is to be obeyed. 'when, then, a Suupreme Court, a magistracy, and a regular Government have been, with the sanction of the Federal centre, set ap in any one of the united ! States, American statute law of course enjoins obedience to that Governmaent on the part of the citizens of that State ; and, if any of those citizens oppose' such Government awd set up a rival one, the statute law. of- the. Federation pronounces those citizens to be rebels, and the Federal Executive sends the Federal troops to bring them baclk to obedience. Bnt,'While statute law necessarily takes this -iew of the case, the republican theory takes another, and a very dif. ferert one. The republican theory is, that the citizins of San Francisco erected a Government in that State for their own security, proft, and advantage ; and that, as they originilly erected it to fulfllthose purposes, sO they have the full right to pul it down again when it ceases, in their opinion,to fulfil them, and no longer answers the ends for which it was designed. And if the Federalist replies t1hat they have by joining the United States' Federation entered into a compact and given up part of their liberty as a single free State to a central authority, the answer is easy,-that they acknowledge an obedience to the Federal Government for Federal purpose;> but not to the control of their own civil administration, or any modification of their fl31 right of self-government as a State. The existing order of things, then, at San Fancisco is, after all, but the natural development of the republican theory ; and, if we re to trust the accounts given of its fise and the causes which led to it, not at all an immoral, unjus', or wanton one. It would appear that the Govermment which the Coramittee of Vig,ilance has superseded hardly did fulfil the objects of civil government; that a fatal disorder and license reigned at San Francisco; that fraud went unchecked; ancd that murders .were cnitteW. in the open streets. with impunity. - This state of things went on - till at last the murder in open day of a man of high public virtue and gecuera eiiaii4r the indignation of the aletimation rose 5etfer-portion of society. The 'restp, leti ii met, aned thenseveS_ored a police overthrei the wictizg GoveTnment, which gave its countenano"e. 'snd 'favour Sto 'the 'criminal- rather -Than' io th aggrieved pers6n, and establiied a "Oo mittee "of Vigilance " in ;ts place.. Such an operation of the. republican theory is very,far from IaunA.- favourable one, showing, as it- doei, how. in; tlhe -very worst state of Lbings a powerful elemen't of good exists, if 'it can be'bro,ght out and gainj rpom' for, acton. ' The republican theqiy in ::this particular instance exerted itself on the god' sidw; aad gave an :outlet, room, and mTeans of action.t . the good ingredient in. the social'miiture, which a despotic theory would n3ot 'have done. The d& Epotio theory. would here haver enchained the good there was in San Francisco -and never let it come out; the republican theory lets it come out, and, once out, it gains the upper hand. The Federal Government is obliged, indeed, by its position to oppose it; bit tlis is th6 letter of the institution: coniin; into collision with its spirit, and statuttalaw conflicting with republican theory.
It is rather~ singular thatwe, who of allnations are .the most fond of travel, 'and who pride ourselves on the fac4ty with whichwe can circumnavigate the globe, do not yet know how to get fromr one end of our own metropolis to the other.. The pedestrian who has beaten his Alpine guides in climbing, who has followed the.trail of the bush|men and overtaken them, and who has kept pace with the Siouix as he hunted through the prairie, when he comnes back to England may find it aifficult to conduct a' lady to the pianoforte without Jostling a catrdable, Ideldng do..n the ceairs, .and stumbling on to -the Musica0ool; and, -we, whose fleets have crossed every sea, whose caravans have 1;raversed every lanl, who have given steamships and railroads and telegraphs to the world, who go to India in a month and to America in ten- days, -who, in a word, have brought the art of locomotion to the highest perfection,. do not know how to move along our own streets. We wonder when the metropolitan mind will fully comprehend such facts as -these,-that from flvde Park to lIondon-bridge the distance is a third of the way to Brighton, and that from this office to Paddington is a third of the distance from Pad' dinpton to Oxford. A Eansom cab will not drive to either of these stations from the places named 'in less than half an hour, and in an hour and a-half a railway, journey of 630 miles is regularly accomplished. Does it never occur to any one that this is not merely a great inconvenience, but a great disgraca to us? Does it never occur to those who say to their country cousins, "C Ah, you should see the cariage in Cheapside," and who point with exultation to the dead lock there, that there ought to be no dead lock, and that it is our shame, not our glory? Our whole street system is nost discreditable, and it would be well if those who have hitherto been thinking only of the antipodes and the North Pole, how to cut through the Isthmus of Suez, and how to reach the Pacific by Panama, were to begin at home, and attempt to solve the still more important problem of metropolitan transit. There are some grand schemes afloat. S.ve have heard of a railway to go round London, and of another under it; of tunnels here, bridges there, and new streets everywhere. One day some of these may come te maturity, and the more the better; but we confess that we look upon all of these new schemes with more or less indifference, so long as a proper use is not made of the old appliances. These new roads wil not be of much avail, unless we can turn the old streets as well as the now to better account. It is impossible to look at the long train of omnibuses in Fleet-treet,. each with its own- smal proportion of passengers, but still with overladen horses, and not feel the deepest disgust 'at' the want of mechanical ingenuity which causes so great a waste of power, of convenience, of space, and -of time. 1t is marvellous that, standing in our crowded thoroughfares, and seeing the omnibuses pass five or aix in ranzk, our authorities have never thought it worth while to simplify the system by makling two horsea do the work of twelve. We want room, and really were the result only to get. rid of ten horses every. minute it would be an immense saving. It will be at once surmised that we have in our minds the idea of a tramroad running on each side of the principal streets, such as may be seen every day at work in the Champs Eysees, and suclh as at most of' our seaports is used for the passage of heavy waggons. How easy it -would ce to establish such a line in London will be evident to those who have observed the uniformity of the omnibus routes east and west; how, with few exceptions, they proceed in twvo long lines from Cheapside, the one by Newgate-street towards the Marble Arch, the other by St. Paul's to Charing-cross. As a speculation, too, it would be the more easy to accomplish, as the majority of the omnibluses now belong to a single company, who propose, when their arTangements are complete, to introduce the system of coirespondence with cross routes. That company, it is well known, has offered pr.izes for improved vehicles; and carriages a little larger and more airy than those hitherto in use may now be seen actually running. But is it not perfectly evident that with the present system of roads it is impo3. sible - to make any decidea improvement in the construction of these most uncomfortabie conveyancs ?9 An inch may be added to the height, and half an. inch to the breadth, a corner may be' rounded off, the back of the seat padded, additioiial windows cut in front, and a bright brass railing placed for the cautious to lay hold' of; but what of all this ? Within, the omibps is nothing-but a couple of narrow shelves, on which passengers are jpacked like trussed fowls ion:t-he ledge of a poulterer's witndow; wvithoutt, mortal m&n are set to grind on a " knife`board.> So long as in these narrow, croWvded streets of ours, each omnibus, with its 20passengers and its pair of horses, must thiead its way as bestit, can, now to the right, now to the left, it must remain of its present size; and in spite of 100l. and 1,0001. prizes no material improvement will ever appear. But send ten oitt of every dozen horses out of the way, and put' six omnibuses in one, and here at once we gain three great advantages-the streets are 'so far cleared and rendered passable, the omnibuses are enlarged and rendered comfortable, and there is an enormous saving of horse-power. Nor are these the only important advantages that would accrue. Wo may refer to a few mrore. And first of all deserves to be mentioned less noise. Only think of that one advantage in a city where we put our hands to our ears and are ready to, invoLe deafness as a blessing . Not less important, however, would be the cheapneu of the conveyance. Por a uniform rate of' 1d., or 2d. :at the most, passengers mig-ht be conveyed from one ,end of London to the other.- To every one wvho is in the habit of using ,these vehicles there wpuld thus 'be a gain inhe maere mat,er of money saved; but- two ior good're-ults would follow. * There would be no more cheating and bullying by brutal conuctors. The s'uffering to which some 'women are 'subjected by the extortion of these men can only;j be estimatedfby those who have seen them on enltering the omnibus' nervously looking' at the table of fares, or on getting out in }the wet streets paying double their fare, while the conauctor inso1^re~jf~ l ) . ., din'one moment~ whiatles 'thhe driver aPry, Ih--iomer sta':aing !inthe -muda3nd ga ng.be.lplemaly ieftes,rlij fThereV kau .be nalothing. of .. this- Idnd .a~syutel of c0i4p and uniform. fare, like the pen0y1pte, iwhch woula be the inevitable aecompaniment of a tramroki -And yet another -beneficial result Would followi .te I& aiige w!ich it would help to bring about mi the_ ditributioit' of our. metropolitau population.- aTs, if-a remote, is certainly one of the most important advantages of alL. We have againi and again called the attention of our readers to the hauits of the working dlas in the more crowded paxts of the city, and have urged the; erection of model dwelUinghouses, knowingthat the Inmates of these miserable dens have no mnode of escape to the suburbs. 'What if 3, traroad were to solve the difficulty ini its own way? And, as the city merchant hies away to sleep in Rent or amODng the Surrey. hills, may not the workrman, by- means of a penny ride, be soon able to spend the evening with his family in a less confined atmosphere than that of a court i Westminster or. Seven Dials? As it is, -we have tried almost every kdnd of . road to no purpose. We have tried macadam, and found it dusty in summer- and muddy in winter beyond endurance. We have taied wooden blocs inl all sorts of directions-slantways, and crosswise, and upright-and found them excessively -wasteful and slippery. We have tried a stone pavement, and are not only shaken to pieces by the jolting, but stupefied with the din wlhich we have raisd about our own ears. In somte parts of the city we are even now maldng the exerinent of an iron pavemtent. Having tried these, and more or les faUled in all, what if we now try a tramrod,a which, in addition to the freedom from noise,- freedom from dust and mud, freedom from jolting, and freedom from constant repair, we have hitherto been seeking to obtain, wall afford us greater rapidity of moveI ment ancd free us from some 4,000 or 5,000 horses Ithat now block up our streets ? It may be urged as a drawbacLk to the conveiences of such a road that the stoppages for the purpose of taldncg up and setting down passengers would be frequent, and that some time might be lost in this way. Those who have observed the rapidity with which the river steamboats disicharge and take up passengers at their appointed piers will not douabt that at least equal rapidity may be attained by omnibuses touching at regular stations. But even if, in the long run, there should be some little detention, the publicwill still gain this,-that the streets will be to a certain extent cleared, so as to enable those who are in a hurry to push for. ward in cabs. At present a cab can go very.littie faster than the -omnibus. And what those who travel on the tramroad lose in time they may afford to part with in consideration of the cheaper and easier and better conveyance. We repeat, however, that we do not believe there would be any loss of time, and, jpst as many an omnibus fills at the Bank with passengers all bound for Charing-cross, eighty persons would get into one huge conveyance and drive on as before, only more easily and cheaply for themselves, and more pleasantly and noiselessly for the people on foot. As things are at present, Loidon, afficted with apoplexy and deafened with its- own existence, is becoming insupportable. and it is zeally a disgrace to the nation that its streets should chow no more signs of provident arrangement for the order of traffic thana they did in the days of the PInATAGmxi3.
Queen Eraze:nTH used to say that the further west she travelled in her dominions the more convinced she was that the wise men haa come from the east. Mlost of our readers who will be at the pains of reading a letter which we print to-day, and which we have received from one of the jurors in the hideous case Of child murder which was tried the other day at Bodmin, will be very much of the same opinion -with Queen BsBs. It wi be remembered that in this case a young woman named Bur-s was 'admitted as evidence for the Gxowff. The whole case rested upon her testimony. She deposed to the fact that she had witnessed one of the most cruel murders of which we have any record in the annals of our criminal jurisprudence. A widow named MArf ws had formed an adulterous connexion with a married man-one Joss. In due time she bore him a child. The infant was born in the kitchen of her- house. Josu,, at the time of the birth, was by her side, or was with her imaediately afterwards. 'Subsequently the young-woman BurNs was called in, and a young man named GEOBGE, who also resided in the house, joined the party. Mrs. MAvr=ws was a3sisted by GEOrGE to leave the kitchen, and as she went out she told Josa to stop the child's cryimg. This raffian, as soon as he was left alone with the young woman BURNs and with the child, first endeavoured to choke the infant by passing his finger down its throat, and, as this n?ethod of destruecton did not seem to succeed, he got a pan of water and deiiberately drowned the child. This was the statemnent of the young womana Bupus, which the jury night believe or disbelieve, at their pleasure. If they were of opinion that she was uttering a tissue of falsehoods they were bouna to acquit the prisoner JosE, for there was no further evidence to fix upon him the commnission of any crime. If they believed her statement they were, on the other hand, bound to convict him of mnurder. They brougEht in a verdict of -"1anslaughter." This was done despite the instruction of the presiding Judge, Mi. Baon MArTw, who informed the jury plainly that their election must be between a verdict of murder and one of acquitsil. The Bodmin Juxon" writes to us to-day to justiy the course pursued by himself and his fellows of the jury-box " in " this importanit and peculiar Afsir"-for in such cases we follow the orthography of our correspondents. The arguments urged in justification are quite as peculiar as the " Afair." It was right to bring in a verdict of manslaughter, and not one of murder, because Burss had admitted that her first depositions wcre a tissue of falsehoods-an eseellent reson for an enfre acquittal, had there been noffiing more in the case. Manslaughter, howver, as the preferable verdict, because the jury imagined. "that Joss would have sympathized "with 3XrTHws. in her deplorable situation, and "have assisted her to their bedroom himself." Again, tne fact that :Bums, after the murder was accomplished, prepared tea for the party, made a deep impression on the " reflecting minds" of the Cornish jury. C'Why did not BtiNss take "c IkDthe childfrom the floor, andwrap it in flannel, cc or somethingwarrm, ana tlke carelof it>' Above all, the Cornish " Junon" again pathetically sais- 'Why,oh !.why did she:fit tea for MTrnmws .? TheJudge, itappears,told th juryto receiveBvaz,es eviaden with great caution and muspicion. " i IC "ordship&s advice -herem was founded on the "pUereSt principles of justice-advice as long as I "' live I never expwt -to 'forget.' So Writes the "c Juror.?' The conclusion is strange =andidiculkus enough. Our Bodmin friend sets out with the principlethat any oni of thethree persoxis at the bar might have safed the cllilds Elife. Now,headdi, "it " does appear clear by the testimony of the medical " gentlemen that ,the chila was born ave and " h1al{ihy, and it appeared from the), 'samne tesa -5 mony tht the chld cam e ky its detoffirom? somi C; C hpilJ." at is the conclusion fromal this? * i . 9 .. ~~-thi Why, a veaiot of m anaughter, alnain soar; beoame -Ie "kneAwte -heild-o be g _ te-on *o* aJ 1 e ih'Z iQ " which he alowea ti child-t- come by ii death .h wasn jxt. entitled,w ateri <''vidoeB~e f Bvi, to avrdicf The marwk. of aiolent Aeath went, fac nothng. Had the child been found dead -withoutt ay rn: of violence wbat would the verdict have leea t Just the mane as the one -Wtually deliv rd; -the medical evence war altogether ign Abstract the evidence of BMa froni i6hepr ngrn, anl what warn there to hl upon MaX'vnmwa the responibility of even the le,er :-une DOoBRRzY and YE:I:GZS haTe their deents in Co,rwall. . ...... .
NEW YBR&o.N. OF THEf B ,IBLE. TO THE EDITOI OF THE TIMjEES.' sirr,-Both hee and in America there I=, prng up among some divine. nd zealous Christ a desireto ahvene"wtnsltionof theH[o'ySc4ipturea. In America a new ieron is being pubishe,^ `la 1 musta sy judging from the only specinen I have seenh-tat of the 33Bok of Job-my desire to see a new transltion in tis country is by no -meaas increased. The subject, at all-evenita, is verymuch discussed. Some parties; holding peculiar doctrinal views are very anxious to see the project cariea out. Much very plausible evidence of the necesity oft is sdduced. It msy not be useless or ;,unseasonable, in such cirwmstances, to adduce 'a few facts not Vnikely to make refEecting lninds Anore satisfied with what-we have, and less likLely to urge or acquiesce in the neessity of what I venture to call a very radical and qiaestionable change. *It appeazs to me very improbable that io learned, inapartizl, sndjudicious a body of translators.3s the authors of the version ofn 161 can be brought together in the 19th century. Ther nmes axe dear to every scholar. o ancelot Andrews, Bishopof Winchester, xEmately acquainted with15 languages; Overal, Dean of St. Paul', -whose scholarship alone raised him to eminence; Adrian Seravia, a first-rate lingist; Richard Clarke, celebrated for his profound acqua:ntance with IleDbew, Greelk, and latin; Bedwell, -the very first Arabic and Orienta hular of his day, to whom I4ghtfoot aclniowledges the -deepest obligation; L^ively, Regius Professor of Eebrew at Cambridge, pronounced by a: competent judge to be the "very dbiefet of those whio were the fower of sthe oUniversity for knowledga of tongued' I)r. Ptainold, described in Wood's Athepsu Oxon. as " prodigiously xeid in allldnds of learning, andmost excellent in tonaes; Kitby, renowned for his Hebrew anad B:ibnnical learning,"l Mles Smith, "who,"`says Wo6d, "wa3 so conversant and ex in Chaldaic, Syriac, and Arabic, that he made them almost as faxnlliir as his native tongue." Brett _rector of Quaintoin, was, according to the same -competent judge, "famous for learning as well as piety, and ersed in thegLatin, G;reelk, Hebrewv, Chaldee, Arabic, and Etbiopic tongues." Ward, the learned friend of IJsher and B.ois, repute to be the first Greek scholar in E urope. These are a few specimuens of the profoundly leared, judicious, and pious men who executed the translation of 161L Let me now adduce several impartial ttimonies to its excellence, its accuracy, and faithfuliess. Seldon says, "iThe English tranaslation of the Bible is the best translation in the worl&' PocoC;, the highest authority in Oriental literature and languages, describes our version as s boeing so agreeable to the original that we might well choose among others to follow it, were it: not our own." Dean Swift says,-" I am persuaded that the translators of the Bible were masters of aM ng,lish st yle much fitter for that work aitn any we see m our present witings, which I take to be owinga to the sinumlicity that rauns through the -whole." Bishoj Louth says,-" The vulgar tranlation of .the Bible is the best standard of our language." Bishop Horsley observes,-" Iheir adherence to the Hebrew idiom is supposed at once to have enriched and adorned our language." Lord 31onboddo,-" I hold the English Bible to bethe best standard of the English language wehave at this day."' Bishop Middleton.- " The style of our present version is incomparably superior to anything which might be expected from tne finical and perverted taste of our own age. It is simple, it isharmonious, it is energetic, and-which is of no small importance -use has made it familiar, and timehas rendered it sacred." Dr. Whittakerstates,-"c It may be coipared with any translation in the world, without fear of infeI*r.-. It has not shrunk from the most rigorou3 Imivestagation, and, in spite of anmerous attempts to supersede it, it h&s hitherto remained nnrivaLled in thle affections of the country." Dr. A dam Clarke-" For accuracy and general fidelity competent judges allow that this translation greatly exceeds all modern versions, either English nr foren;n" Geddes, i learned and laborious Roman Catholic, candidly admits, "If accuracy, fidelity, and the strictest attention to the letter of the text be supposed to constitute the qualities of an excellent version, this, of -all versions, must in general be acounted the most excellent. Every sentence, every word, everv syllable, letter, and point, seem to have been weighed with the nicest exactitude, and expressed, either in the text or margin, 'with the greatest precision." Dr. Newman, whose earliest and Durest creed was drawn from it, thus writes of it, asiif the miserable contrast to itpresented in theDouai andRheimshad awakened all his better feelings, synpathies and recollectiors .-" Who will not say that the uncommon beauty and marvellous English of the Protestant Bible is not one of the great strongholds of -hereay (Protestantism) in this country? It lives in the ear like a music that can never be forgotten, like the sound of church bells which the convert hardly Inows how he can forego. Its felicties seema to be almost things rather than mere woids. It is part of the national mind, anld the anchor of national seriousness. The memory of the deadpasses into it. The potent traditions of childhood are stereotyped in its verses. The power of all the griefs 'and trials of a man is hidden beneath its -words. It is the representative of his best moments, and all that there has been about him of soft, and gentle, and pure, and penitent, and good, speaks to him for ever out of his English Bible. It is his sacred thing, which doubt has never dimmed anld controversy never soiled. In the length and breadth of the land there is not a Protestant with one spark of religiousness about him whose spiritualbiography is not ill his Saxon Bible." Trench, who quotes and admires these words of Newmani, }Irsf a ' mster of the Engli%h tongue, speaks of our version as " baving the kappy wisdom, the instinctive tact withiwhich its authors have steered betwsen any futile mischievous attempt to ignore the fll rghts of the lin part of the Lnguage on the one side, and on the other any-b urdeningoF their version writh smch a muiltitude of learned Latin terms as should cause it to forfeit its homely chaacter, and shut up great portions of it from the understanding of plain and unlearned men ." It i5 also worthy of remark that almost every cha:nge--in the Donsi *nd Rheimv-Yezrion made during ithe last 20 yers bas been an approxinvation to, or an sdoption of, the Protestant version. It is alsowlrorthy of remia; t;hat if all the-deects in our YersiOn -were remedied thle g,reat tiruths embodied in theartiele, 4reeds, and cotessionsof the reformed churches wolild stand out in brgh;er and more prominent zelef; but the dauger of beginnin to alter in the present atate and temper of pZt does seem xo real, that, as long asthere can be secured aleaedaudhone,tminiitry, itisbettertoDelTe h mistwnslations to their lvig coirection. Wirn a severe logical minad our early, deep, and invotrate associatio-s with its -very letter may go for very little. But human nature is not ill understanding, and its only nutriment is not hard logic Faeir of us are aware how small a share pure *so bha int the forination of some of our deepest and oost decided conrictions.- The words of our English version have been wrought into the very aLbshfioe -of our ip our thoughtsF anour household terms. Th ig-lile 5weet chimes.in our- hymns, our vsayers, oar bet mon - The beet and pureat Mite=ate of our country has its roots in- that noMle 'version, snd never>doed erator -speak -ithx such foroe -or poet 8ing 'Withi suCh paths as 'whe thiey ind fitvehiclesof their thoughts in:its imagery,; its texs, and: its homlely SaxoGn. It is no-adigbt a;pology for retaining our preet version that it is
COURT CGrCULARA MONDAY, AUG. IL. Her Majesty's Royal yacht Victoria and Albert left -Portland harbour at 9 o'clock this rcorning, with tho Sotila in attendance, and proceeded to Dartmouth Hlis Royal Highness Prince Albert embarked at 3 oclock with the Prince of Wales, the Right Hon. H. Labonchere, and the Equerries 'in Waiting, in the hized stamer Dartmouth, and proceeded up the river Dart. The Queen was prevented by the heavy rain from accompanying his Royal Highness. Later in the afternoon, the weather improving, Her Majesty, accompanied by the 3?docess -Royal and Prince Arthur, rowved up the river irn her bage. Iady Churcill, the Hon. Beatrice Byng, Cap. tain the Hon. J. Denman, and Colonel the Hon. .C. Pl?ippA, wer in attendance npon Her Majesty.- Her Majesty unbsequently drove in the neighbourhood. Catain Shepherd, Deputy-Master of the Trinity-house, tad the honour of dining vith Her Majesty. AUG. 1.2. The Royal Yacht, with the squadron in attendance, left Dartmouth at half-past 9 and proceeded to Plymoith. Shortly after the arrival of the yacht Admiral Sir Willum Parker, Port Admiral ; Rear-Admiral Sir J. H. Plumzidge, Admiral Superintendent; MIajor-General Eden, Dei,puty-Governor; and the naval and military anthoritics, paid their respects to Her Mjesty. Her Majesty, accompanied by the Princess Royal, Princess Alice, and Prince Arthur, landed at Mount Edgcumbe nnd drove for somo time. His Royal Highness the Prince, with the Prince of Wales, and attended by Colonel the Hon. C. Phipps and Captain Dai Plat, visited Keyham Docks and the new barracks and' works at Mount Wise. Admiral Sir William Parker, Rear-Admiral Sir J. Plumridge, and Major-General Eden had the honour of joining the Royal dinner party. The bandof the Royal Marines played during dinner. Despatches vere received at the Colonial-office yesterday from the Governors of Australia and New Zealand.
THE NzsGH=GALr FL D.-The statement that a aun of 1, 000 mnedjedie had,been contributed by the Sultan to the Nightingale Fund is incorrect. It was erroneously' paid into the Bank to the account of Miss Nightingale, and the committee iatarally considered it was intended as they deseribedit. It is now, however, understood that it is agit of the Sultan to the nurses who had served mn the Cr>mea, and w,ill be distributed axnong*them, ofor which pu:rpose it will be at once trsn9ferred from the Bank to the authorities at the War-office, nith whom, of course, the distfibution rests TEiE COROEATON AT MIoscoW.-In connexion 'vith this great event, it may be interesting to state that the Duke of Devonshire his had his fine collection of cameos and intaglios fitted up as a.s6Ff superb jewels to be worn on the occasion by Lady Granville. They have been arranged to form a diadem, stomacher, and neceklace by Mr. H1ancock, of Bruton-street, who has done himself great credit by the artistic manner in which the work has been executed. The mountings are of massive gold, richly enamnelled in tha Holbein style, and great skil and taste have Ieen exercised in the setting of the ornaments so as to sscure a p leasing harmony of colour. hsan),7more showy objects of personal decoration may be exhibited at the coronation of the Czar, but we believe that few will possess greater historical and artistic interest. As all connoisseurs nre aware, the collection which has been thus appropriated s exceedingly rareand valuable, comprising some of the 2aost remarkable gems of the cinque cento epoch. ThE Asrsnczcaa: RCAms.-SouTr iox, Aug. 13.. -The United States' mail steamship Hermann, Captin Eiggius, sailed this afternoon for liew York wiith the German, Erench, and En"lish mails, 280 passengers, and a g,1ll cargo of French and 3taglish merchaudise. VISIT OF TE DIUEE OF CASiHIDGE TO CO,CHESTER. -We understand an intimation has been received by Mr. Gurdon Rebow that his Royal Highness the Commander-inChief Wil probably visit Colchester for the purpose of reviewi the German legion at the end of the present week, either Friday or Saturday being supposed to be indicated. In the mean time the Ist and 3d Regiments of Light Infantry encamped at Browndown, vwhich arnived at Portsmouth ifrom Kululee, Turkey, in Her Majesty's ship Himalaya on the 31st ult, and the 1st and 2d Regiments of German Cavalry nOW at Aldershot ;, are expected at Colchester, and will, wiith thu six regiments of infantry already encamped h:ere, make a total of 9,600 men, beirng the wnole of the German Legion.-Essex Stand?ardS of yesterday. Tare LIBRAR~ Y OFn HouSx OF C0osxNS.- The report of the Select Com-mittee of the House of Commons on the Library of the House has just been printed. Considerable additions have been made to the library during 'he last three years, and a sum bequeathed Ly lMr. Phillips (secretary to Speakers Abbott and Manners Sutton) has been rid by hiiexecutors and invested in the following works- in., the complete works of Cuvier-price,' 236&. - Walton's EiUn &,crea Polyglofa-421. ; various writers of Byzantine History-25Z. ; and the Sylvestre .PaMWographie Universelle'991. Large additions have been made to the library in works of general history, the colonies, and East Indies, dictionaries, books of reference, voyages and travels, collections ef treaties, topography, poliical economy, and law. The roam adjoining the Criel roam has been added to the Lbrary for the accommodation of the new books. An alphabetical catalogue to the books, which amount to 20,O0O vols. (exclusive of Parliamentary publications), has been compiled and printed for the use of members. The Journal Index, 1$y7-52, is in type to the word " Orders," and other indexes av been compued and rinted. OPsnus OF TEB J{I= BEnrDGE AT RocBsTE1n.- The large and. massive iron bridge over the Medcway at Rochester, which has taken several years in its constraction Iaving been completed, was formally opened to the public yesterday afternoon. Precisely at 3 o'clock a procession, consisting of tho mayor (Mr. F. Farrell) and corporation, accompanied by the recorder, mace-bearers, and the other civic functionaries, paroeededfromthe Gnildla22, dressedin their robes, and walked in procession, preceded by the band of the Chatham division of Royal farines, to the Bridgechamber, where they wero met by the bridge-wardens and asistant-wardens, and the procession moved over the old. bridge to the approaches of the new bridge on the Strood side. On the procession arriving at the new bridge they were received by the chief engineers, the contractors, andthe other persons who have been engaged in its construction The procession then slowly walked over the bridge, and on n g at the middle of the centre arch the Earl of Rsomney, as chief waden, declared the structure open for the fuLl use ol the public. A large number of ladies were admitted on the brinoge to witness the ceremony. The urocession afterwards moved on to thc Corn-Exchange, wh a banquet was given to the wardens and assistautawardens, the chair being occupi d by the Mayor of Rochester, who was supported by the Earl of Rominey, the Earl of Darnley, ad several of the leading gentlemen of the city and county, to the number of nearly 200. The new bridge, which is built of iron on granite piers, was commenced in 1850, the first pile having been driven on the 3d of April in that year. The eine-r selected for the erectonof the structure was Sir W. ubitt, and the contractors Messrs. Fom and Henderson, the iron work having been executed and cast by Miewsrs. Cocirane and Co., Woodside, Iron Works, Dudley, The foundations consist of iron cylinders, each nine feet in length, with a diameter of seven feet, each weighing about five tons. These cylinders were sunk to the required depth by means of great pressure, the water at the same time beingl kept out by means of compressed air. In manyinstances them oylinders had to be sunk 40 feet below the bed of the river, until theyreachedthehard chalk, which afforded a firm bais. The cylinders were then .fille with concrete, forming a solid mass of two rows, of six cylinders mn ewch row, for each pier, with the exception of that on the Strood side, where there are 30 cylinders. The conrses of mnsopry commence at low water mark, and are carried 18 feet above low water. The bridge consists of three arches, the centre one of which has a span of 170 feet, and each of the sids arches 140 feet. The width of the bridge, from papet to parapet, is 40 feet and the ex.treme length, including the approach^es 1,20O feet. In consequence of the determination of the Admiralty it was necessara to construct a portion of the bridge as a 'win, and this is looked upon as a triumph of engineering sMdl This swing bridgeo gives a roadwaY of the same width as the rest of tho bridge, and is 109 feet in length, the -we,ht to be i7ovedlbein.g200tons. Whe'nthis portionoaf the bridge is thrown opon there will be a clear width of 50 feet for vessels to pass through. The iron caings ofthe bridge, which are brought prominently out into view by a judicious system of painting, are 6f most beautiful workm= hip and finish, and the desigp altogether at once sd adnd gracefuL There is scarcely any sinlkng of the foundations perceptible, the only defiexion being about oneeighth of an inch in the crown of the centro arch, derived frozatihecohesion of theparts. The old stone bridge will bie imediately removed, and anL esplanade consvtinote out of a portion of the materials This bridge was bilt in the year 1392. A grand and imposing dispolay, of firework;s tcok place ent the old bridge in the evening. TnxZ SrxrsnDnrImY Morsm OF TOOI. n application wvas yesterday submitted to the Town Council of Liverpool, from lr. J. S. Mansfield, the stipendiary istrato, representing his claimns to an increase oE salary, owig to the great increase of his dutties. Inl compliance witihthe standing orders, the application wasa referred to the iEas Coinmitt*ec.
MLA.VZD. . . o(u2tI ONwX COnRPOXiDZNT. . :.- .DUB,:LIXN.WEDEDAY MORlrII;(. THE . DlISl e SOLDIXFS.- The receptiohx given by the inhabitants of the sister kingdom to the Irish regiments;who lave played ditintguiahied parts in the recent war is at length likely to be, imitited by, the people of Dublin.. It is suggested that a 3ubicription list shall be opened in the Irish capital. for the purpose of providing a public banquet -for the officers and men of the 18th, - at resent in Dublin, and of the depbt of the gallaut Xopnaught Rangers, now, star tioned in Athlone. The Evening Paet,- referring to the subject, gaysi- " We have no desire to exalt, Iri valour-over British, or to draw invidious comparisons between the beroism;displayed in the Crimea by' different regiments in Her Ma3esty's service. There is, be it written candidly, the right sort of loyalty and courage to be found in Kent and bbdlcthianas well as in Mayo or Dablin. Al we claim for Irish heroes is a just, hearty, and foll measure of acknowledgment of tneir conduct during the recent struggle; and surely if Edinburgh, Ieeds, Norwich, Stafford, and other English towns, receive with enthusissm their local corps, we may ask for our soldiers a national welcome befitting their deeds. The citizens of Dublin are very generous with their money for benevolent purposes, 3a the subscriptions raised for the French sufferers, not to go back to older evidences of the same generosity, show. We would' there was a more 'national' spirit among them. ' Nationality' is a word which mounte, banks have brought into disrepute in Ireland- by their knavish antics; but nevertheless a national feeling of th6 rig,ht kind is what the loyal Irishman rejoices in; and no better opportunity has ever occurred for its exhibition than that affordecd by the return of our hroes from the East. Here is no room for dissension-no place for difference of opinion. We all admire and respcect the examples of braveryset byIrishofficers and men before SebastopoL Why, then, should not the public Provide some honour, on their part, for Irsh troops-somethin to beo prized by thema equally wiith their crosses and mnedals;' onAnGFS AOArNST TEE COWScoBUr.-nY. A public court of inquiry is now being held inT*ullamore, Kiing's County, for dlie purpose of investigating a series of charges preferred aginst' the county inspector (Mr. Reade), several sub-inspec.. tors7 head and ether constables of the district. It IS held under a warrant sued by the LordLieutenant, on the requisition of Sir Duncan' M'Gregor, Inspector-General of Constabulary. The charges are containedin written statementsaddressed to the Inspector-General by aretired pensionedconstable named Burie. They are of a very serious nature as affecting the general management and, discipline of the police force, and its alleged inefficiency in the detection of crime and outrage, and with whbich the i,agistras and grxand jury of the Kinegs County have been long dissatisfied. The Lord Chief Justice of the Queen's :Bench, it seems, in his charge at the recent assizes, remarked upon the total absence of the detection of offenders. THE TU'ERAIY sA~. In the report, of Mr. Meldon's observations in reference to the private examination of James Sad-' leir it should have been stated that the money am plied by John Sadleir fo the purchase of the property mentioned vas obtained from the Tipperary Bn,and not from the London and County Bank, as printed in theiDublin papers. ThIee Cent. Corsoprt 95X ; ditto, for accovnti Se i tember 1e, 95to i, Npri Three per Cent. StofJa,e5 - ditto, for account, September 1s, 95. i, City of Dubi Steemn Company(SLppaild 8.
THE PBNI:SULA1 MAILS. SOUTHAIPTON, AUGUsy 13. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Sultan, with the Peninsular mails, in charge of Lieutenant inglis, LBN., Admi-alty Agent, we bvedates from Gibraltar, August 4; Cadiz, 5; Lisbon, 9; Oporto and Vigo, 10. The Sultan brings 97 passengers, 1i packages of specie value 4,1601., and a cargo consistng of 455 boxes of lemons, 70 boes of tomatoes, 350 bags of ontrella, 21 elephants' teeth, 5 baskets of onions, 17 cases of egg, 15 casks of wine, 252 bundles of grass matting and 35 packages of general merchandise. During tbo voyage the Sultanexperiencedmoderate vids and fine weather. On the 11th inst. passed the Royal mail steamer Tyne, steering S.W., and on the 10th exchanged signals with the Peninsular mail packet Tagus, steering for Vigo Bay. The usual Portuguese squadron was lying at Lisbon. The screw steamiships Rattler and Victoria ver lying in the river. Her Majestys ship Bruiser, Spanish steamer Everilde, and the Isabella Cattolica were in Vigo Bay. Our intelligence from Gibraltar is to the 4th inst. Very heavy storms, accompanied by thunder and lightning, had visited the town. Tho steam-transport Clarendon, v'hich left Gibraltar on the 30th ult, sprang a leak while steaming down tho Straits, and was, in consecLuence, ron ashore off Cape Candor by the captain, for the purpose of saving the.1 -vessel and her living freight. -In the afternoon of the 1st the Clarendon was brought up to a place called Puntales in tow of the Spanish steamer Everilde, and thence she 'wa4 taken to the entrance of La Carraca (the arsenal of Cadiz), by Her Majest'Ws sfreamer Banshee, Captain Pike, which had left the port to render her assistance. The French ship Constance, Captain Fartin, from Matanzas, previous to the transport being towed off, transhipped 140 of the troops, and conveyed them to Cadiz, wheze she is placed in quarantine, owing to vessels arriving from that port not being admitted to pratique there. The other passengers and ail the horses were safe on board the Clarendon, which only left her chains and anchors at the Cape where she was aground. Her Majesty's steamsloop Centaur, Captain CliP ford, reached Cadiz on the 2dinst., sevenhoursafterleaving Gibraltar. The Prussian steam-frigate Dantzig, Captain his Highness Prnce William of Hesse, having on board High Admiral his Royal Highness Prince William Adalbert of Prassia, anchored off the Ragged Staff during the night of the 3d inst. The frigate saluted the garrison at 9 o'clocka."' which compliment was immediately returned from the Saluting Battery. His Royal Highness landed at the Ragged Staff at 2 o'clock, under a salute of 21 guns, and was received by his lxceLency the Governor's Staff and by a guard of honour furnished by the 92d Highlanders. The Dantzig returned the salute by firing another immediately after. The Prince then in a carriage proceeded to the Convent and honoured his Excellency General Sir James Fergusson with a visit. After a short stay the Dantzig will proceed to the Mediterranean. The steam-transports Clarondon and Clyde, the sailing. tansport Burlington, the freighit bark Babretto Junior, and the British ship Desialus, with men of diffezent regimnents, horses, returned stores, wooden huts, shot, &a., siled from Gibraltar for Spithead on the 30th ult. The sailing-transport Gertrude after discharging 1,000 barrels of ganpowder at Gibraltar, left on the morning of the Ist inst., in tow of the Bnstler steamtng, which took her to Cabrita point, whence she sailed vith a fair wind for England. - The British screw steamship Italian, from Liverpool for Gibraltar and Italy, two days after leaving port, on the 26th ilt., was discovered to be on fire. About 8 o'clock in the morning smolke waS observed ismuing from the fore-cabin through tho chain pipesi and the fore-hatch tarpauling. Captain Hamilton dir6oted the engines to be stopped, when the officers and crew exerted themselves to the utmost to stay the progress of the fire, but unsuccessfully. The combustible materials, one barrel of gunpowder and four of tar, byway of precaW tion, were thrown over'ooard. On the 28th the captain resolved, for the safety of the vessel and those on board, to make for Lisboni, being the nearestport, and run the steamer ashore, -which he accomplished on the evening of the 29th. With the assishnce of the crew of a Frch war steamer, then lying at anchor in the Tagus, the fire was totally oxtingn;shed, The Italiai resumed her voyage on the follow- ing day, and arrived at Gibraltar on the morning of the I 2d, having burt or damnagea nearly all that was in the fore-hatch. Her Majste's stea' vessel Wye, distilling-vessel, Cap. tain Moore, arrived at Gibraltar from the Crimea with two ladies and 30 staff officers for England on the 2d inst. These passengers had to be triasferred to other vessels for a 0an. sage, as the steamer Wlas to be sttioned at that port for the purpose of distilling salt into fresh water for the use of Her Maesty's vessels; Her Majesty's-steam-sioop Fury, Captain Loring, with 463 officers and men of the 19th Regiment, and the British steam-transport lTicholas Wood, Captain Bourne, with retau-ned stores from the Crimea, put into Cornnna on the 17th ult. from Gibraltar, on their way to England. On the following daythe Rodney sailing line-ofbattle-ship, Captain Wilson, likewise paut in from Gibraltar for the same destination, having on board the 97th Foot and six companies of the 42d Hghlgandere. * Her Majestys steam line-of-battle ship Algers, Captain Codrington, with the 56th 'Regiment and the left wing of the 50th Foot on board, from the Crimea, arrived in the bay on the morMcag of the ls". These trpopi are the sat. cf the British expeditionary arny that rem ed is the Crimea. The Gibraltar had taken off all the dic that remainzed. The steam-transport Mauritius and Her Majesty's steam troopship Simoom left Gibraltar for the East on the 1st inst.. Exchanges at Gibraltar for bills onI.ondou at 90 da', were quoted at 51 346; Paris, 5f. as:.-; seill 5f. hin;- ipamsh pillared dollars, 8 per cent. -remiumn, nd Carolasnak 1 per cen'., 'were in demzand, n.h one in the market.
7o42USiA,LIi-z- t_-. .- I '!~~ (-OM iu1 W 001 IS .0 (1 IYW . . ., -, M, E LFBROURNEj. X&r 24. ThRoys Charter will sail toomorrow morning, adl is enerialy expeted tomalke the page- home in less thin 60 ays. 2 have, in a former letter, desoribed her passage out, and siould sde niake an equilly good passAge home -I cobfidently expect that sorew, propellers of force adequate. to the tonnage -will be fitted to most of the clipper ships. - - Iwroteafew lines by the Walmer Cstle on the 17+th, but without any expectation of her arrival before the Royal Chairte. I ahill therefore repeat the infoimation- on the state of the gold markets at the end of this letter, including the reeeipts by escort up to this day. On Thurida&evening verizlage. meeting was held at the Theatre Royal, againt what i here called "'State-aid. to religion." 'This theatre is the largest in these colonies, and will hold about 2,600 people.- On Thursday it was verynearlyfilled. The pit was crowded, the dress circle as full as it would hold, the upper circle moderately full, aud tho gallery again crowded. There must have been at least 2,000 persons present. The new -constitution contains a clause reserving 50,0001.-io.; the promotion of the Christian. religion, to be divided between the several -denominations, according ( to their proportional numbers nt the last, i.e., most recentb, census. >Several sects refusei to share in it; liaving conscientious scruples against it. Among these the Independents and Baptists take the -lead The Jews,- and all who are not Chris. tiaiis, though they contribute towards it, aro excluded from sharing in i6 by the act. Some of those who take it oppose it., Many of the church of England doubt its efficacy. and would rather depend on volhntary contributions. TheRoman Catholics are almost unanimous in its favour, and I su?pect that some realots opposo it as a blow to the Roman Catholics, or Papists, as they choose to call that body. My own impression is that even the Roman Catholics, though numbering a greater proportion of tho labouring classes than - other sects, would do better vithout public ai.L Their people are iealous, they are -more strict in tiheir religious- duties than most of -the other denominations, and they certainly obey more implicitly' the injunctions of their clergy than any othors.; Moreover, in spite of the case I shall have to relate presintly, I believe these injunctions are generaly imposed for good purposes It may be presumed that they know. their interests best. With that view they acceptb rather more than one-iifth of the fund, but I can well re. member that when some years ago it was proposed or sug. gerted that the priests in Ireland should be paid, the sug. gestion was treated with scorn, as something approaching an insult. There is an anecdote in Sydney Smith's works to the following effect:-His friend, a good humoured Irish priest, had been declaiming against the scheme, and ended by aserting that the priests would not take it. "Do you mean to say," answered Sydney Smith, "that if you received a note from the Secretary of State, intimnating that 5001. a-year was to be paid youquarterly, and that the first 9uarter-was waitingfor you, you would refuse it?" c Ah l! Mr. Smith," said his fiencl, "yo u have such a way of putting things." Now, this is just the way our quai Secretary of State is "putting things," the following being the distribution:- Episcopalians ... ... ... ... £26,614 2 0 RomanCatholics ... ... ... ... 10,83715 0 The Kirk of Scotland...£4,505 3 2 7 The Fre Church .. . 3,203 3 7 7,703 6 9 Wesleyans ... ... ... ... ... 3,723 17 3 Lutherans .. 802 6 6 Unitarians . . . ... ... 314 2 6 £50,000 10 0 The colony of New Zealand never had Stato aid; South Australia abolished it, and I believa all denominations there now approve the change. Great efforts wi be made here to make this question the great clectioneering test, and the signal success of Thursday's meeting wil help it. Mr. Gavau Duffy, who, not having acoepted the Chilterm Handreds, still retains the hLP. after his name, has been electioneering in the west, and will, I believe, come in for the county in wlsioh the t4owns of Belfast and Warnamboul are situated. The necessary property qualification is to be provided, by his countrymen (2,000L in real property, or a rental of 2001. a-year). About 700l has been subscribed here, and, as thelist did not fill up asfast aswas expected, the aid of. the other colonies has not been excluded. Sydney will furnish 4001. or 5001., and Launceston about 3001., so tnat there will not be much diflcalty in completing the sum. I think there is a general desir, not confinedto the Irish, to see Mr. Daffy inthe Howu*; andindeed ho is far too good a mantobespared. ButthislAstspeech hssomewhat taLsn people hero by surprise. He was asked whether he would accept a Government appointment. The best answer, he' Said, which he considered such an question required was"That he might have come out to Victoria as its Governor, if he had chosen to traffic in situations. It *as an insult to sappose," he continued " that he would accept an office under any Government. It was the glory of the new constitution that he had a perfect right to aspire, if he were fit, for it, to form a Government, if ever the opinions he represented were in the majority." Has anything really passed between lKr. Duffy and the Colonial Department to justify the above unequivocal assertion 2 We are wvel aware how much the Colonial Deparment has been under the influence of the Irish party. The unfortunate appointment of Mr. Stonor afforded evidence of that. The mode in which our emigration fund has been expended by the Land and Emigration Comnissioners-a branch of the Colonial-office--affords another example. Has a desire toplease that party in the House of Commons-i. c., to secure their votea-induced the Government to bid as high as the Governorship ofVictoriato Mr. Duffy lWhenMr. DifWs speeches find their way into the London papers-and, as coming from a member of Parliament, I apprehend they have interest enough in English eyes for that-it would not surprise me if a question and answer in the Houe of Commons were to throw some light on the statement. The ls5t part of the above quottion-that ho aspires to form a Government-seems to me quite legitimate. But then it clshez with a similar aspiration on the part of Mr. O'Shanassy, who, I think, has far higher claims. He has served the publie steadfty, faithfuly, and moetla'boricuslyforfive years. Thoughnot a classicallyedu. catedman, he by no mens wants useful education. He is what the Yankees call" well posted up" on all subjects of public importance. He looks to the lead on the Liberal side, and will,I think, have it. Some people fear his strong reli. gleosubias. He, like Duffy, is aRoman Catholic, and of course the bigots are dead against him. I do not thinkthe country would beartwo of that persuasion in the highest places, and so they mDust clah. Gold.-The last four weeks receipts by the several escorts exhibit a considerable falling off; but there is no doubt that in cornequence of the comparatively low pri,C which has prevailed of Iate-3. ls. 6d.-thero is an'accumulAtion at the several camps. The accounts were as follows- Week ending May 3 .... .. ... ... . 38,68 may 10 ... ... ... . ... 60,50 May 17 ... . .. ... ... 35,493 May 24 ... ... ... . .. 5S214 185,897 Received since January 1 ... ... 1,147,934 The quatity hipped to the 17th was 1 2O5,837oXvalue 4,823,348W. I cannot gire the shipments of the we<, but, as the Walmer Castle did not take a large quantity, shippers being disposed to wrai' for the Royal Charter, it will, no doubt, elevate the last figure to more than 1,000,0001. per month. The healthy condition of our trade generally is shown by the following tables of imports and exports, compared with each other, and one year rith another:- MPORTS AND MXPOnTS. Comparatire Return of the Value of ImEorts int,' and Exports froem the colony of ViLtoria for the years 1855, 185 and 1855:- The following aocount is up ho tee 1OJi of MLwy in 1855 nd 1856 I L855-Exports *... ... , , £3,979,m22 Imports ... ... 3937..55 £42P,367 . , When the excessivo impoataon of the previous year is considered, zhe above differenice was mot enough to restore the trade.. The. iastrous axounts of the previous years had inOt fully oper=ted This year better accounts have simulated larger imporAtioWs, but they have not kept pac witki increased exports. Xnshort we hve lge adA- t~, be orcaainowe oftlsec~iJy ot yet fed so IS- *its Q 0tho£May .*..........- £3,903,121. r, Iports . ..., - ;j Balance au our fav . u ... £r,34G,2i3 | The dismalacounts of the Jrgus last ear -under the head o "Distre in Collinglwed," much exaggerated at thes time, have had an effect upon our Pmmiatien retnns The colopy,reuires anld can well absorb 1,000 people per week of both sexes and al ages. The scanty retrnis of the, las three weeha are as follows .- W-ek ende. Aniysd. DeID ted. lset Is7n May 3'. I'm~ ... 23' . 785,, 10 ...593 ... 148.. 445 ,,17 ... 479 ... 32 . 159 The Det increase to the end of April was bnly 4472, zaud tothe 17th of May 5,861. - - i The consequence is thLt labour is getting scarce, theemploVed are asking higher wages, and the employers are obliged to yield as long as they can afford to do so. In mosy trades, however, the advantage which the workman has over his inastr is taking the form of a demand for short hours,.-and not an advance of price-i.6, one-fifth less wrork for the samne pay.' The' large contractors have been paying -masons snd bricklayers 14s.a-day'at the least forl 0hours' -work. They are claiming the'same rate for eight hours work. The Government pay As. to lOs. a-day for road work, and furnish the men with tents, fel, wter, -and tools. This makes it 12s, at least, which may be doemed tho price of the merest laboui. They givo 8s. 6d. per cubic ysrd foi stone-breealing. I' am assured that a steidy man who, knows the work can break a yard in four hourns. Thus he can earn 17s, with eight hours' labour. On the other hana, the worling man , can now live chcaply. The price of small cotages, an&the rent also, is moderate, and food is not dear for this colony. Flour is 241. per ton, meat from 3d. to 7d. perlb, and vege2tables very low. Against 'ti* compettion of the Govern. ment the farmer can do nothiiig. What farming can paywith labour at 12s. a.day and four 24K. per ton, equal towheat at 87s. per quarter?' Ask any farmer in EngLand if wheat at' 87s. will pay with ploughmen at l2s, per day. But fa-m labourers ar usually hired at a sum per week (now 1U. 5s.), with food found ther. In the mean time I undersand thst the-farmers are going on breaking up new land in the hope that the improved condition of the labouring population, and the good accounts that have gone home of late will increase the supply:of laboar before harvest time. I enclose the Argus account of the rates of wages, and rhile'it vill be obserfed that the rates aohigher than they vore six months ago, the costs of living are greatly reduced. .Some university degrees aoc eundems galum kave beert conferred by the Melbourne University on Bachelors and Masters of Arts of British and Irish universities. Among these Dr. Scoresby had been admitted to the degree of AZt, He returns by the Royal Charter. Miss C(atharine Hayes, the singer, has terminated her engagement in these parts, and has carried off a very large sum of money, while the theatre in vwhich she sung is bankrupt. We ha v-e now the well-known singer who calls herself Madame Anna Bishop. Her pi-dcant friend Bochsa died some time since in Sydney. The Legislature of New South Wales is-baforehand with this colony. We have not yet gone so far as the revision of the electoral lists, whereas the New South Wales Tegislatare met on the 22dinst. Accounts of the operations of the Sidney Mint have been published. . It appears that the amount of sovereigns and half-sovereigns issued from the 4th of January to the 17th of May is as follovms January to the end of March ... 469,000 154,0009 April to 17th of May ... none 197,000 469,000 35l,000 351,000 half-sovereigns ... . .. 175,500 The banks of New South Wales have of late had about 2,000,000U. of gold in their vaults. Their circulation is about 1,250,000. Their coin has not been delired a legal tender here, and the tendency of the amount they are. putting out Will beto raise the exchange to a rate at which sovereigns can be exported-that is to say, about 3 percent. The rate is not likely to go much above that, in the present condition of exports and imports; but if it should bry reach that, theEnglish sovereigns nowinthe coffers of the banks wll be preferred for export. They are equal as bullion, and theyhave the additional funotion of money. Here the case would be somewhat different. Gold is liable to an export duty of 2s. 6a. " except the coin of the realm," This is not the coin of the realm, so that our currenoy must be really depreciated to about7 per cent, and the exchange raised to that before we could get rid of an excess of S_ydney. sovereigns. Our banks have about 3,000,O01. of coin on hand, nearly all being English sovereigns. All these would go with exchange at 3 per cent., but the Sydney sovereign' would not move until exchange rose to 7 per cent.-i. C., enough to pay the cost of exportpluts the duty. The Spray of the Ocean mail ship arrived this afternoon wath dates to the 22d of Febtnary, only four days latef than the dates by the Royal Charter. I do not hear that the Eoyal Charter is to be detained, but if so I vl add s postscript under a separate cover on the day Ehe departs MFLBOURgNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURElR. .As-gus-offlce, Friday Evening, May 23. The present week, like its pr2decessor, has been an extra. orinarily dull one. The arrivals have been few and the .cargoes not unsuited to thewants of the market ; but the condition of the roads and the consequent rise in cartage have kept all country dealers back. We give a few details for the information of shippers to this market. Breadstuffs.-There have been full importatiors of flour from all sources since our last summary, but prices have remained stationary. At present prices are looking down. wards. In Adelaide and in Tasmania recent sales have been made at lower rates, and shipmeuts of the new crop are expected daily, and Adelaide has been sold as low as 231. Sales have been mode at Haxal and Gallego at 55s., and we believe this is the extreme limit that can begot for any quantity. Grinding samples of wheat are sold at 9s. per bushel, and Adelaide seed wheat at 13s. per bushel. Oats continue dull. The crops in the neighbourhood of the diggings appear to be nearly sufficient for the consumption, and we thinkwe shall next year be nearly independent of foreign nppliesr Even now,adding carriage, oats are cheaper at the goifields than in Melbourne, where they are sold at a loss to every importer. 2Elice.-Patna is firmer. Carolina is sold in small quantities, and realizes 35s. per owt. Liquors.-Brandy has beenfreely offered, andprices have given way. Martell's pale and United Vineyaid, in case, are scarce, andmuch wanted. Sales of bulk Sarzerac have been mado at 13s.; of Martell's at 14s. to 14s. 3d., and of Hennears at 14s. There are large parcels of spirits in vessels recently arrived or now due, and sales to arive ara pupshed. Rum is freely offered. Old tom' for immediate delivery realizes Bs.; Swain and Board's case is worth 22s. Whisky has come in in large quantities, but there is a good demand for immediate delivery. Port vine is in good demand; light wines are out of season. Sales are made of Bass, Worthington and Robinson's, and Allsopp's ale at 10. to 101. 6s. yThe Burton Brewery Company s ale is becoming 1nown in the market: Allsopp'sale is more eagerly bought ibisy6r the qudity being e.3xcellent. Bass's has suffered in reputation om quatitimes of a lower:.quality noe numbered, but known s No.4, havingbeen forced on the market. Stout:Sles of Carson's X have been made at 7T. IO. to 71. 1s. Porter, in bulk and bottle, is in better demand, the chief- demand- for the latter being for Byasss. Tobaeco.- The large arrivals of tobacco, bath here sad ia SVdney, have brought prices down to something under payig prices Barratt's ias been sold at Is. Gd, and the Eagle brand at- Is.-7d. per -lb.- Genuine HAvAnnaais are much wanted. Groceries-This trade has been and is very dull, and many retailers, both in towna and the country, have retired under the pressure of expenses. There has been a continued speclation in candles, and prices are not firm. Coffee isin few hands, and prices are looldng up. Chioory is searce. There has been an increased supply of figs and muscatel raisins, and prices have declined. Battled fruts are lower. Half-pint assorted sauces -have been sold at 10s. 6d. Oilmnen's stores are generally dulL American he hav been sold at 8d. to 9d, Glenfield starch is not worth more than G6d to 7d., whbich is belowv cost. Sugars are very diflicult to at;sls are made at various rates. Cossiporeis sold at ,and Martizurhscrystallized at481. In consquence of recent araitals at Sydney, as well as atthis pert, the decine in tea5,epeeialiyiucongous, is maintained. Proviwns.-htsovisiozs generally are lower, the inlind consumpItion being provided for for some time to come. The highest price for bacon is 1s. 2d., and for hams Is. 4d. The stocks of butter, are large, and there ae advioes of frt-her shipments. This article is declining. Parcels, the con,dition of which renders them dangerous to hold over, are 1 daily offered at auction. Preserved salmon, in2-lb. tins, and cod have advanced.,Fi generally is still scarce. Herrings Metals.-There is very little doing in this market, and but few changes to notice, Hoop iron is advancing. The bas bar and bolt iron is in considerable deman, but inferior kinds will scarcely sell at any price. xunts's patent metal and sheet-lead are advancing. I plate ae out of first hands. -- Building Materials.-Timber is looking up, and higher prices are being asked for plaks ad deals uncut. Si,tes (the large sis) are in greater demand. In other artieles there is no change, SWidries.-TheIe have been large sales cf boots and shoos at remunerative rates. Baltimore cane-seated chairs are worth 31. 1Ls. to 41., and wood-seated 21. Paper, at recent ssles by auction; bas realised our quoted prices. American digger tools are flllsup$liea, but prices ae maintined Common ctltery is atZadisount. American' cut tacks ars advancing. Amnerican resin and turpentine have declined. Blasting gunpowder s held for ls., buti if forced into the maarket wouldnot realise more than 3d. lAmerica d *l11' dudcks, anuddemins have declined. .Threbushel bag ae firm; 5ales in quantLity have bceau made 'at. 19s. 6d. to 20s. C-cod invoicei of suita;blec hina earthenware antde l are ' saleable.. ;The soft goccls' trade haa beens aim,it for tl;e last two months, but it is beevd th=t prie have now -:'LBOmUNE 'WOOL -ItD TALtOW. ;3AaEZT ;- -- " : . , - ., FREDAT, X 2i-Y 2 -The trnsacion n o- t now ona liit scale, the woleofs thi s clip being aready. sghipped; there consequently emins nothing - butFl -colued and haudwasbedroColand we have had ae Dnder. able inqury -for t 60t up los;- bnt the ,eitrsme rates wbic re nowrasked (since adn? sprRyl hdro h . eoZm enemertiof .the X ~en RFen ChMrterof the vance& t4d io 2 per lb. orer thelGtOain 5 e st seriesl)bve to some exent checkdoa r opeir . taticns are firm as follows, viz.; for 1Sid. per lb. ;fair to good, 5d, to §Ld dit ieror -toaverage,-l1. to 14,d. _ditto-; soured, to .dittoo; handwashed and lipe, I22L to 15ditto. Tialow.-There is now agood demand,forlocaduse, but llitle doing for shi,pme:nt; stoks are becomin low, and prices are ' no*r g jfor lied tal1owr 40. to42L.n o. mixd ditto, -451. ditto; mutton ditto, 54)1.to 56.-itt',n - Jide.-Ewu are now coming forwrd, aDd larIepmc of well-cured tow bides. are worth 153. to 16s. eacD WooLe-Tha season is over for 1seo wool, vey litle hdtving beein broght gorward the last ho months, The export to thie end of thie xeaxon -will cornsit of the vs.rious descriptions; of feUlmorngerH' aipe, adwased, ad scoured. - Tiqohoshave beel as6 followsx:- - -W'' oolinmeae .' . 06 to 0 9 -- - Superiorfiecs.1 5-i 7 -Mihiddling to good. .. .. .1 3-1 5~ Inferior fleeces ... .. 1 1-1 2 Washed sEpO ... . .. ... ... 010-1 2 -Secoured .. 1 4-1 8 The prices paid as the season progressed have been sopculative and unwarranted by advices from home, and, although a considerable advance has taken place in thelnglish markets, sinoe the sales of July and August, 1855, it is not likely, withort a further rise, therewi beo iyoonsiderable margin left fortheshipper. - - . A greater amount hbs been purchaserr emittaoth,hn in any former year, and now, merchants connexioms inthe manufacturing districts haring given the subject theiratten. tion, tho grower will fln it aore to h intereat to slhere than ship to Englind on his own account. In addition to purchhsers for English maiiufacturing account thers have eenmore - foreign buyers in -the market, one among the mnuber being-from Genoa.i - The quAntity submitted to auction has beei double that of last year, amounting to more than 13,000 bales; the ErincipAjpari say 11,406 bales, conisting of fleces6,752 greay, 186 scoured, 1,879 locks, 14 slipe ard s}in 154 mixed, &c.,- 63 -gray, 31 haadwashed, 109 lambs; 158 bales have been sold by Messr E. Row and Co., the balance by Messrs. Dougharty and Co., Bear and Son, and Vaughan and Wild. -- BExport from the Port of Melbourne. October 10,185I, to ay 17,1855. 12,073,571b. ... .. ... Value, 675,4281. October 10, 1855, to.May 17, 1856. 10,740,107Th . Value, th 632111M- o°gOOb8003 1T,000 of whi;ch have been slZipeSto | ierpool diet, either for sale there, or forn-arded Ithence to Ltondon, and in many inlstances to the mraun- Ifactuing districts of the West Riding of Yorkshire and Tallow.-The demand for colonial soap and candle manu. factures is now almost equal to the quantity produced, and at this season of the year there is not much remaining for shipment. 2he prices are-for beef, 451.; mixed, 451. to 501.i mutton; .5071 to 60!h - sdes.-They are now beginning to hea staple article oI export, and at the erid of this year wvill be found consider. a bly in advanenof 1855. The contracts for shipment the last month amonsitto about 15,000 hides, exclusive of alns, I LxLBourIE_- LadSOu M'.xr, oMY 23. For mechanics, esiecily for those in the building trades there is very little inquir compared -ith the numbers offering; but for all kinds of unskilled labour the demand is very active, and employment can be imme! diaWy secured. Agriculltural labourers have been for some montns past and are still scarce. lieslly good femal servants of all kinds find ready engagements at fel wages. - - The following are the city ruling prices for the week:- VW1th lItations.-Married couples, without families, from 75! to, 90L er annum; ditto, with families, 5a. to 651. ditto ; gWrdeners, 650. to 6W. ditto, grooms, 401. to 50!. ditto6 stockkeepers, 601. to 701? ditto; shepherds, 35!- to i4O.dadtto ;, hutkeepers, 251. to SOW. ditto ; general farm servants, 1/. 5s. perweek; thrashing and cleaning, Is. perbushel; hay c tting, 9s. per ton bullock-drivers on theroads, 30s. per per week; -Btto on stations, 25s. ditto; men-cooks, 701. to FOl. er annum; female ditto, 30M. to 451. ditto; thorough femaeservants -(in great demand) I301. to401. ditto- housemaids, 201. to 28!. ditto laundresses, 301. to 35! ditto; nursemaids, 151. to2DI. ditto. The following are considered the standard weekly rations :-12b. beef or mutton, 101b. flour, 21b. sug, 4lb. tea. Without fftions.-Composit-rs, ls.4d.perl,00W -ditto by the week, 4 4s.; pressmen, 41. 4s. to 4!. 10s. ditto;carpenters, 12s. to 14s. psr day; masons, 14s. to 16. ditto; plasterers,14s. to 16s. ditto; brikelayers, 14s. to 16s. ditto: blaksmiths, 16s. ditto; quarIymen, lOs. to 12s. dittowoodsplitters and fencers, Ds. to s. per ton; fencing by the rod, -material to split only, 6s.; labourers on the roads, S9 to ls. per day-wood, water, and tents found. Seamen.-There is very little doing now in the coasting trade oomporea with the samepenod of reviousyears, anf the demand for seafaring labour is-very dull. For home or. i the last . per month ; in coxaters, l.; cooks anlstewards, 51 to 6!.; mates for oasters, 8L. -er month.
| TzFIE ATMESSRS. JBBOADWQOos PAUCrOBY, Idttle remains to -be told-f this terrible catastrophe; but that little has an importance, inasmuch as it is 3now almost eertain that; had the firemnain of the Chelsea Waterworks Company beeni propel _barged at the time of the outhrealk, the fire would have beeni confined 'within comparatively narrow liraits. It appears thatwhen intelligence of-the disaster 'was firt conveyed to 1Mlr Russell, foreman of the work; lhe instantly hurried into one of the shops where two 'workmaen were employed in finishing an instrument which had to be delivsered early next inorning, and, calling upon them to assist him, they to-ether contveyed two or three lengths of hose and a brnc to tha prt of -the yardl in which the outbreak had occurred. The flames were just then visible, flickering within awindow on the third floor, and Mr. Russell,h hain screwedl on the hose to one of the firemains-of which there are no less than a dozen on the premises-took the branc'h in hand himself, and directed a stream of 'water immediately upon the spot where the flames were playing. For a few moments a faul streama of water was thrown into the buildling, and the flames were so far subdtued as to give great encouragement to the parties =ened, 'whenx suddeniI the supply of water altogether cae, and the faeire datl increased in a terrific manner, biddling clefianoe to all future efforts to stay its pre=rss The cotract. of the water com- at,~ o'clock- every evening, for the express purpose of being called into action in the event of fire. How far this con. tract was performied may be gathered from the indisputable fact that at a, quaarter to 7 o'clock on Tuesday evenig the supply failed at the only one teste out,of 1 contracted for. The agents ofthe variousisuance companies, on visiting the premises yesterday, expressed themselves very strongly upon this subject, anclthe public wil probably consider that, among the persons amenable for the loss, the directors of the water company should be included. The outbrea'k occurred in the close vicinity of one. of the stovee~ in which there had been a fire during the afternoon. There can be little doubt therefore, that, notwithstanding the precautions taken, a spa-rk must have fallen beyond the iron framework in which the fire is encased, aLnd thaLt thus the disaster originated. The loss has not yet been estimated. About 200 instrments, in various stages. of completion, were rescued during the fire, and deposted in warehouses and depOts in the neighbourhood, kinly -placed at the disposal of l,essms Broadwood. To this salvg ha to be added avery la.rge quantity of lime wood and Meboy,!which, being sakdat the nos.them extremnity of the premise which the firedid,not reach, has escaped destruction. IThees pintfrom'whicds to obtain a view of the ruins igfrbmM Bblywe1ll*street. Here the whole extent of the premises is taken in at one glanoee,and a caxeful observationof the. ground yesterday satisfes us that its extent mustbe nearerthireeacresthiastwo,as spreviouslyeetimatod. This street,. and -indeed, the whole neighbourhood, was yesterdny crowdedl with spectators.. The expressed for Xessrs. Broadwooa has been wrypna in 6. ppy they'- have another large fac. toyalslee-etre Glden-square -where the business was originally established wlich, 'with the, premias stil standling in the Horseferzy-road, and other conveniences which have beenoffered thenri, ivil enable the finn to carry on their business 'without interrnption.I The official report sets forth the extent of the premises 'destroyed, already dwesribed in our report of the catastrophe, and adds a list of 10 housew onL the"west side of Holyvellstreet~, the fronts of -which h ave beeii terribly scorched, the windows broken, and the contents much injured by the atbronecessarilythroWnaupon the tenement.stopreventiheir
,THE tleA HUSSARS. TO T EDTI!OE OF THE TIMES. Sir,-A letter appears in 2%c Tmes of 'this day, signed "Inpuirer," erxpreng astonishmenit tat "or o af the eviry regiments engaged at Baiaxya ihe .11 thHumarais =honlyone which, having sierved from the beiRnigof the campaign, has no offioer or man decorated." Thwriter-sr wioliy miinormed, and the inferences h'e driwi are f,Ose and unir towrds theregiment. The Ilth Eussrs Lave received the samo proportion of honour as the other regiments ofcaaIry,-eiz.,two deoora. tions of the Legion of Ionour and four of the French miit; medal. One o tfhe recipients o' the military medal, Sergeant SetkBond, "Inquirer" might hare seenomzde honourable ientioinof if alciarticleof your jour a shorttime since. * T -n Si,. vnnr nhlaipnt ornii J. DOUGLAS. -leut.CoL.. Iifh Eumam Camp, Aldershott, Au. 12, Lnz Azmxcz-kThe adjourned meeting of the London LifeAsocixtion ws ldaysterday at the compmns offioes; -ing -lli-street,tMr. J. B. Heath in the char, 'whenthe 'bllot fr dem the question connect writh -the-proposed dinsion of 230,00Dl va6majken. The proceeins comnmenced sortly after 32 o'clock, when sc6thiieers 'were appointed aud the beUot glasse wret opened. Votes having been taken usp to 3 p.n., the niumber, eventalldy 3ppearedtobe 378 aguaistthe division an>6 in . npport.of the views of the directors, and lS jnfau oE the proposel and in sup)port of thec confirmation of the reolution brought fowrd by Mr. Baxter and his l)aty, leaving a snooriby in favour of the directors of 191. The announlces nient o£ the rxut srexeiivd wit pplase. .:
TEH lOYA CRUISx. f ;-~----7 -.,-- --. - P17,V-Wnrrlt'2, The viat to the steam ywrki of Keyham, 2Plymjtb; on i Tuedy, apperd to b,ev way stisfactory to s Roya H Bighineu nce 'Albert and to I ytha youthidf Princ of Wales. The lightae ands Lra=gthof tho firproof buld ings the orderwh prvailed inside, the.eanne of the entire se Uslizuent,'and the perfection of the machinery, seesmd ike to elicit their sprise and approbation Mr. Biddlecombe, snter atendant; Mr.iTaer,. Wder,, 1r. Tricett, chief engineer; aenMr. Townsend, superintendent enginoer, had the honour of expla&ining the partiscuarr zangemente of their different depertnseLts : -- The Royal Prinesfirst. visited the ,torehounae, for, machinerywrhich are sitated on the south mng, of the great quadrangle, and ~- elody examined -the riveting rnachisiee, chiefly attended to by boy, and capable- .of -clbsng 60 rive in a minute, and the new vertica slottig machines for sletting the interior ofi bra -wcrk, to receive lignum-:itw and other hardw oods &for benringa-* -very great ad maost econorical improvement .on the old method of metal beang. After examining -thelazge. tu ing lathesfor making the tops of cylinder, &c. theRoyal party amended one of the corner geometricel aoe; xsir. aes eto the wo0irshops over, from the open end of which Prince Albert pointed out to hs son the operations of, the trvellers anu other heavy work connectd ith the base ment floor. A beutiful tdrivin engine, by Hicks, excited much attenri6n, and the coppersmiths shop. and brss foundryhaving bsen visited, and the opeations of the men inspected, the Royalparty went into the main building of the quadrangle, which is intended fo:a foundry, probably the largest of the kind in the kingdom. lear this, nearly completed is animmens shaft, 180feeth gh,withtwochimneys, one to carryoffthevitiatnd air, the other to remove -its smole from all the workshops, whicltare connected by snbterraneoUS funels with this ihaft. The interior of the quadrangle, about to be roofed with glass, having; been crosed, the attention cf the Royal visitGrs was arrestedjfor a corsiderable time in admiring the simple but bsautfu1 brick griumwsrrk which sustain the roof cf the principalentrnce. After witnessng :the speedy node of punching boiler plates for the reception of rivets, ard the facilify with which heavy iron plates are passed through ponderous rollers, and rounded for funels and diferent naval pur poses, their RoYal Highnesses went to the iron screw steam store-ship Himalaya, under repair in the south dock, end crossing the gangway, entered her c&pacioUS salEon, from the after end of which, tBE starbord- aide being cleared, they wrere enabled to judge of her grt length The lat object azaminecl ws the tunel now in progress for the purpose of connecting Xeyhan works with the Devonport Dockyad. Ifidway there are capacious vadlte for the stowage 'of'coal, which iri be equally available for both etablisiments. Tis tun-el will probably be completed by lovember or December next, at a cost of some 40,000g. The artisans ed labourers of the yard, end the seamen of the different ships under repair, cheered the Royal yisitors most heartily throughout their route and on their departure. I Her Majesty the Queen, Prince Albet, Prinoe of Wales, Princess Royal, and Princess Alice, and suite, left the Victoria asndAlbert at 11 o'clock yesterday Morning in the Fairy yacht, mnder salutes from all commiusioned ships of war inbarbour, and went up Hamae as far as Cotehele, -where, in consequence of the insufficient depth of water, the Royalfamily left the Fairy and embarked on board the steamer Gipsy,which proceeded through the winding river to Mforwellam. Here Her Majesty landed, and, with the Royal pariy, wa, conveyed to Ensleigh-cottage, a summer residence ie_r Tavistodl- belonging to the Duke of Bedford, who is at present on one of his estates in IrelLd. wree hours Wrer spent among the grounds and gardens of Miuleigh. The Royal vsitors left at 4 oklocl, and, roturning by the morniWs route, were again saluted at half-pust 6, wlhen t1ey rejoined the RoyYA yacht. The troops in garison, comprising sLx field batteries, the Plymouth division of the Royal Marines, and the 54th and 66th Regiments, are under orders early.to-miorrow. They will probably be reviewed in the presence of Her MIjesty. The state of the weather doeS not offer any inducement for a renewal of the Chanal cruise, the vwid being strong from the southward, with frequent squalls and rain.
THE TRIAL OF REA-PING MACHINES AT BOX- TED-LODGE. This class of implements cannot be fairIyput to work dunng the JOY meeting of the English Agricultural Society, and an adjournedmeeting for the determingtion of their eritais &mordingly helamontailater. This year, on the invitation of Mhr. Nisher Hobbs, tht trial has come off at Boated-lodge; it too,. pl yesterday. underthesuperntendezoe anddL-ection of SirAribel dMCdonald, whoactsastsewardoftheimplpfrmentdepartmentof the socieWs a-nual show, and of the gentlemen who act as the society'sjudges. To*dayaf rtherpublioerbibition.oftle competingreapingrmachinesand of Fowlar?s team plough takee place, rx Hobbs having, in the emot public-bpirited manner, throwi his grousija open for the acoommodation of those intere66d in the subject of reaping by machinery. Any gentleman vwho may go down to Boxted-lodge today-willsee four reaping machines-at-work onfair average conditions is to the quality and quantity of the crop they havetoworlkupon. AnditisnottoomuchLtosaythatany one of them-will, under ordinary circumstances, cut a crop of corn as perfecty and leave as clean and short a stubble as skilled hand labour can perform it. Niow, let us just consider for a moment the imporance of such a conclusion as this. Of' the 50,000 acres which the traveller down to Colchester sees on either side of the Eaistern Counties line, near enough to know the crop they bear, probably one-fourth is arable, and at least two-thirds of hllf of that is wheat. There are thus, probably, 4,000 acres of wheat visible from the line, and most of it is deadl iep .Indeed, we do not suppose that one in 50 of the corn fields south or Oxford or Cambridge Is unfit to cut at the presentmoment, and of the rest two-thirds ought to have been down some days ago. A hot July and August have made harvest general all together in an unprecadentedly short time, and there are not hands to cut it fast enough . It would be a liberal allowance to put the number seen at work upon it yesterday at one to every 10 acres The corn ought to be down at once, and, at the present rate of movement, it will not have been wholly cut 10 days hence. Itis already injured, for the last thing done by ripening grain is to convert the outer layer of its substance into bran; but how much more serious the injury mney become any farmer knows who has seen the effect- of wind upon deadnripe standing corn. Buslhels per acr have been lost by dilatory harvest worl in this way, rand a machine, therefore, which should do from two-thirds np to four-fifths of the harvest work-for this is the pro portion which -thelabour of utting bers to the whole work of harvesting the crop-would, if generally employed, bi an. immense addition to the national resources. A multitude of perso are thus. interested in the sulIect of ping by machinery; and it ought to be made known throughout the eoontry that reaping by machinery may be done niorcheaply and s well as eping by the hand.. The. Boxted trals prove it. Croskil'nodification of the origial Scotch reaping m-chine, byBele; Burgeand Kefs form of MCorjick's American reaper, and Dean and D3ay's machines, by Hussey, one having a side delivery, invented by Paner, of Stockton-on-Tees, and the other atipping platform; by whichxthecornis leftsheav the wake of the implement,thusrequiringtobetiedand lifted ouit of the"aj befo20 it comes round again-these four machines were worki i` day yesterday. They were set to work on levil land and M rridges, on standing corn and lying corn, on wheat and o V What the award of the judges may be is not yet knoWrII'urobdblY the prizes wil be dividedbetwee Crcsslaland D;Ab.Dray, and Co. The firstmadebetterwork thanuhe others ovi,very badlylaid part ofthe crop, whica it Wa necessay to oct In a particular direction to der a PAce for Fowl*r's stesa plough. Teb 0o0t of the aeeral mchines in the :order we harv -nmntd them is, 42., 401, 32k, aud 25, respecivej, And while tere is an advantage in the aide delivery of heOrn aa it is cut, which the first two machines lay in a octLTioug mthe, and the thira delivers intermittntly in sOves, rwe muwt confess a liking for the last-named cheaper, simpler, ana more compendious implement, although by it-the com is delivered in its wake thus needing to be tied and moved at once. This machi6-- Hussey's, made by Deane and Dray, with their tipping platform-leftas leaLnaudashrt artsbi3e asanyofteothe, excepting ouly the case of the second trial over the laid coen on which the machines wre set to workin adieionin suring imperfect work. The other great feature of the proeeding yseday an to-dyat Boxted-lodge isthe tralofFoWler's ste plough, by*which, on Satrday last, at Ipsgwich, onie cre aniG1 perches of lmad were ploughed in n hour by eigt horpower of the engine ue llr - owler cladms the P-.' offeredbq the AgsiculturalSocis4yferaneeeiocapirap~iil tion o£ steam power to the cieltirtiemo£ the lahnd, ad if the result of Saturday's experimeaLt be iiot merels ar exceptional one, he deserves it Bight hoe would zot plug much more thas. half thu#t qeanjity of lantl irth- aiame, The exbih&tion of is iMpl_sent will be ooMpW*er to-dy than it Ws yesterday, whu atWntion Wsu alrjoet wholy engrased by tie reaping mcines. We osAl, add that a trip toCeoichster to-day-will be a meet setid-.,otory agricultural investment; the vi,tor wise at lioztd-Icdge a rpecimer of thceinoat enicazi&auleos'ise1.farmnganL hr bwillherabde cordia yweemby X,. lherHtibel, it5
. FOBBIGN 1L . ? - -- - , --j -.I Y'P 4 A-t-,'CE. --, f(to02M1'OUR 6OW CORRESPOND I.) * jA portion oefthe. folloing - --ra 4e& - - °- - - orz i's-coxIdedI- PARIs TU2sDAY; GiP.3 We were told: a fortnight ago that the Spanishl 1ii try awaited he perfect tranquillization ofthaI country. before decaring the policy it proposed to follow. We ate now -asured that the country is perfectly tranquil and informed that the Ministry -do not propose to issue any programme, but thit its policy will be- discovered in its acts. This isthe usual subterfuge of ai Cabinet that has no fixed plan of government. Those, -hovzever, :who insist on an indication am to its probable course arb referred to. the preamble of the Royal decree of the 14th of *uly-declaringSpainina-stateofaiege. SSuchareferc-nea is not very-encouraging to those who still libped that O'Donnell would psue a liberal policy anud govern constitutionally. the other haud, it - is balm to the M3oderados, who already begin- to. fx the term of she -Count de Lucena*s power.- Somie -rant him,Wesnmohths, others main-aiit that..he -- will not last more than, two. In proportion as he deviates. froma the right route those who hope to sucoced him grow buoyant and elafed. They, his opponents, wer shret. d enough to discern hiL - only path of salvatiom. The first difficulties vanquished that opposel his Government, he should have frankly declared that, having found it impossible {o :govera-in. unison with Espartero, he. had broken off wit. hine, but had not on that account abandoned - the priciples he had pledged himsel tomnaintain. 7he declaration would have been opportune at-a moment when- the. nation was impressed with the mnconvenience 'of -the vzcillating- and- dividdd policy 'which inevitably resulted raom the alian6eof O'Donnell. and Espartero. The Idberals, it- ts generally -believed, would have rallied rounid him, :nnd..their support would have given him strengg against the Court. Instead 'of that, ever$tbixig seems to indicate that he will struggle on, without any great party to back hin!, without suflicie4t popularity or personal -prestiga to render him forinudable to -his opponents, and with no security 3gain3t the Palace and MIoderado intrigues which asuredly 'will be set on foot to upset him. -.Other important intelligence reachs us to-dav -from MIadrid.- Senor Pacheco ispositively appointed hIinister toIonlo. The fact of itself is not mjpor'tant.:- Senor Pacheco in a diplomatist of experience -and ammn of ability,howillhdoubtlesswortbily flfll the not very difficult-duties of his ne. pst. But. it is known that the Spanish Legation i 3ondon - was offered to Senor Olozaga, and even that. hewis strongly urged' to accept it.. His not having donie So justifies the belief that he is not disposed to sip-' port the present Ministry or to servo them in any. capacity. - This is the more sgnificant as -we seeby the papers that .he has lately had interviews- at RBayonne with several Progresistas of mark whom recent events have sent there, and it must- be'a6epted as a strong indication that there is little .hope of an. alliance between O'Donnell and theLiberals. We further learn, from a semi-offliell source, that . it i in . contemplation. to seid Senor Martinez de la Rosa as Ambassador to -Rome. - Should -this alleged intention be realiz&l, there can be scarcely a doubt that it is - intended fo stop the desaeiortiaciza ; and, if. this be done, .farewell to the smaterial improvemeents and financial respectability tvhichat last were beginning to grow up in:Spain. We shall soon again witness tl,e pitiable spectacle of treasarvdeficits, floating debts, 'inance linisters- paying, ruinous terms for teerporary accominodation, -dividends on the public debt got Zogeth6r (if at a) onlyby desperate struggles end scrambles foreig capitalists again standing aloof, and the most mportant publc worls suspendedc for want of means. I the desamertfraciw, so indispensable to SPain, and which is the one great and tangible benefit bestowed upon it 'b! the Esparteroc(4;overnmnent,.-be-desisted from or revooked, it will be evident that O'Donnell, who- sanetioned the law by his- vote-in the chamber and as 'a member of the Cabinets has been overreached by, and has:yielded to, the perfidiolus influences 'that' hbave lately been brought to bear upon him. It- will be evident that, resolute as he is at the head of his army and in ace of an insiirection which- he -de-clares himself . resolvedt to suppress, -though atl Madrid ahould. biur, :e is less determined - wheu -opposed by moral difficulties, and les - able to -6ght hm way victoriously throug,h political snares -thar. through thebarricades and battalions of the National -Guard. Another act of the late Government, a law which, although its limitednature excited blame and ridiculei was yet a step in the right direction, mwust-aso ba considered as endangered if,.hartinez de la. .Rosa be sent to Bomne.. It has already been reported * -that there was, a probability of the reconsideration- -of the law declaring that no Spaniard could be versecuted for his religious opinions. Of little value -though this immunity be considered, because unae-companied by . freedom of worship, ye' if it be repealed Spain will decidedly have ms.de a step backwards towards the days of the Inquisition. Here we may recoguize the hand of the cler.ical party, which has alwvays had so strong a hold upon the Court, and especially upon the weakand bigotd Ring-Consort. . According to reports andto certain correspondence from Iadrid, the libertyof the press is considerablyrestricted by the present Government, which, upon. the other hand, is busy rewarding the editors of the Vicalvarist journals, three of whom, it is stated upon pretty good authority, have been offered Lega-tions at fdreign Courts. The precarious footing of the O'Donnell Ministry, and its want of popular .riympatby and support, compel it, out of regard to its own safety -and preservation, to keep persons out Thu Spam7 i horm Espartero did not fear to admit. Thus it is that Narvaez, instead of his offer of .services being accepted, w.as requested (or rather -ordered) not to. qross -the frontier. Under the Progresista Government, although he was not in-vited to Madrid, where mndeed his presence would have been injudicious, he -was at liberty, had he *chosen, to, refurn to his residence in Andalusia. Gonzales Bra3o, a restless but not very dangerous political character,. lived, harmless and unmolested, in Madrid for a long time after the revolution of 1854, but he is now- forbidden to enter Spain. ,Not --a few other1nght be cited as in the same predica:ment. Various By_nptoms combine to showr at once the weanlessof the Goiernment and the daily decline of liberty in Spainm The Empsror aid i3mpresa honoured the Opera with their presence yesterday evening, to witness- . te first 'representation of the ballet of LesElfes. her Majesties wsere nmost enthusiastically receiv4 d On their passage to and from the theatre. - On Friday1 thefte day of St. Napoleon, a solenin mass, folo* -by the Te-Deuim indthe Donmine fuc Satlum, 'wiM bit performed at Notre Danme at n ,on precisely. The ceremony will conclude wii.- the Pontificalbenedcion. -The Mnies, the great bodies othe tate, and .the tlvil and mflitaiy . asthorities,. in :full unif6rin and costuife, will be present. : ' -1arsbal'Vallaeit,as' um thMens for the Minister of Public Vofship has addressed a circular to the different archbishops and bishops, calling their atfention toi the fa that -thbe- present . year has been nmemorable for the birth of a Prince Imperial at the moment of the Fignature of a glorious peace, and equeing them to order that a Te Deutm shall be -sung in all ihe churches of their respective dioceses on the 15th inst., the-fte-day of the Emperor, as aI mark OL gratitude to Providence f6r those blessings. .General Todtleben is at Irese at Aix-les-Bains. Nis reception by BMarshal ranrobert is described; as hann'g been matked by military frankness 'ad Cordiality. - : A Paris letter in the im4an,cipeioi- of Brussels toays :-_ "It appearscerta;athat it isCoutm WalewsiandMWanhal D]uke Felissier who are chargei with thetask of coming to a defnitive arragement on the subject of tbe medals which TPurkey is deaiross of conferring on the French troops. It wzs at first in contemplation to decorate all the soldiers who have taken psrt in the C-imeni campaign. The iEmperor did not give his sa tion to this idea, an,d from rmodificatioi, to mcdification it hes at length been deided that the only sgoliers wbo- are- to receive the Turkish medal are the wounded and 'theinvalided." - Thie foll6wing extracts from the address of mar,hal Vaiflant to the pu,pis at the disibution of pries will be read with fnterest - "Gl4ry ia z6hieved by study and perseveree. Study, ray. yotn friends, will be the arm by which yo will -triraph in the battle of life. In the same nsner that it is nPeae'-7 in order to produce a flame to strike the flint awhis engenders the spark by a violent blow, so it is india. penasble in order to become a man-I mean a usefud aid Vro.thy Mau-to meake energetic efforts and to overcome diflicult ob3tacles. At that price only will the sacred sign shine on your foreheads. My frienlds, I am old .let-me- telb,,yon whlx IThave -se?n. 'M,ore- thn hifa -tu ago I Wak -WC y1, a pupil, like you,, I dtrained myself wit-feone- couspam oe th. tris -of life.- At-`tb time the da of fh first Empire was thiniig brightly, landal so, ug-t>preint, rumours 'of ,iar aixd- glory reached th£e..peaeful3 rcoof oftthe -collees -We W admired the great men whose dieed illutrawed tourgreat eoeh1; we felt osuselvee amated -with th de. siTe of walking in their footsep, aid of miintateg,if not surpassing them.. We. we all, I believe, auiaited with that nble ambiti6n. whr n we left. our coliegefor purdi£ I ferent avocations in-Iife, hut enthusiassm lives, only a, uob ment, while suities a're' end},'; an ati the on-nrany of us wrere ,discoeraged.; ?No*,--I"a' taestify toyoiv ._y friends, that all those wl:o rsemainsd firn to 'their''pIais and were nevezdsdi3hestened by the- difficultxes of thepai:have fould at the close of their career, if not *glory, least honour, as teo reward of their perseveriancid *application. B'qt why apj4al to ancient souuvir@ when a g-d circumstance hes urs with a recent pad notable proof of the success which crowns etubborui coutae and perseverance-t -Te-lifeofitho illustrious captain whost by my side (all eyes turned towards Marshal eleUssicr) proves to' .yon w7hat d bo''effected. by study, .patienqe ten fliey?rndtherouogh vigoiirwhichfearaneither fatio norprivations, neither, disease, nor dangers, nor revers , but which bdarss with all and- tritumphs over all. Lean from-15imhoiorlaboriousistheconquesto.f glory, and oy what r6aids 'it is nece-sr.to pass before arAving posterity." .*-.. . The followisnc-ppart -aludes to the litorary studen o the present Emperor of ethe FFench iwheni n confinement. -"Is thi- enough,my.young friends,or will you have another exaniple ? Follownie into that fortress-drawtho e- bolts-pass through th'at dak vault. Look at that-young inan'with a pensive look, who, leaning over a talble,neditateli inthcalinqf solitude for mny-yershuhasboeus'cptive, and his educition, commenced on the 'steps of the; Erst throne of the' world and-continued amid the raisfoitme bof ei31e, is being comp'leted iithe6interioi of. a prison . Mlhtary art, political econsomy,thEe scinoe of governing men,' e,L' the subject of-his stidies; his gezius increases anid - rises k the siidsti of -his incessant'labours. One day, 'hen t ie hour rked by the designs of Providence snia-h-are. arrived, the gates of the fortress will fall before -ML 'aLd he will go forth -into the world ripened by the medistatiohl of captivity,v.wth ithe head sufficiently_,hig'u, the heart su9icientl rni, to ssie7a great pople froin an abyss, aSd iith the arm sufficiently- robust to hold the sword bf Francb and to secure victory to her fag. Isay so me,'and I return thanks to you, young pupils." - The address concludes at follows . "I know. by the testimony of your masters-that eyha,e ! reason to be satisfied with y7onz conduct. Everywhee-,t' Le love of work,-the sentiment of discipline, and respectA ' religion, prevail i. our schools; everywhereare devilbp d) austere habits and emilation1-pledges of success;. -hai s: tain, my friends, that laborious ardour, and continue to pi : pareyourselvesfortheobliati'ois which you wllhve ope)d y tofulfLll Neveratanyepochofourhistoywaaawldir fie d Opened, undermore favourable auspices, tothoseWho,likeyo rc burnipuith the desire to serve iudhonouzrtheircountry.Tra 3': quilat home, triumphant abroad; -proud of the present, ac l confident in the future which the Imperial cra&e isis France, blessing her Soverieign, enters on a new era of f' perity and grandeur' You -iill find your path widened Xd' smoothed down; and, happier than we were, you wivl walk in it with security. - Procead, then, and'may the han, 6i God conduct and support you ! Proceed, your fathers co r templato you and the country counts on you !" The Three per Cents. closed to-day- at 71f. 253. for the encd of' the xftoith; the Four-and-a-lEdi per Cents., at 94f. 90C.; and the New Loan at 71. 1I Be; Orleans Eailway Shares, -1,430f.; GreatN rt ern, 1,070f.; Strasburg,' 952£. 50c.; New*Shari, 86f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,440f.; Lyonsto the Mediterranean,l,850t.;;Western of llhrnce, 97f.; BoL. deauxand Cette,818f. 76c.; Great Central of.ran4,. I 7'23f. 75c.; Lyons and (enuva, 815f.; Bank bfCrddit Mobilier, 1,635f.; Austrian Railways, 9f, - Cours -Authentiqu.-PAis,' Ag. 12.-Cash Prices.& Bonr-and-a-Ealf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 year), 941. 90c. ;' Throe per Cents., 7If. 5c. lc0. 71f. 71f.-dc.;'ditfo Loan of 1855 (70 per cent. paid), 71.. 10c. 71f. ; ditto &otCi-$ ficates 7 per cent, paid), 71f. -icc. 71.; Bank of Franci, 4,100f.; Credit Foncier, 670f., ditto Obligations of 500. Four per Cents., 440f.; ditto Three per Cents., 39)0f. ditto Tenths, Pour per Cents.' 87f. 50c. ; ditto Three per 'entl.*80f.; Credit Mobllior, 1,630f. 1,63I5.; Discount Bank, 700t.r Piedmloneses Five per Cents., 90f. 11Cc.; ditto Three pir Cents., 56ff. Austn Five pr Cents, 88, Bdoian Forr andca-ll per Cents., 99}; Eento do lfa'les (lhschild')k 112f. 7OC.; SpanishThree per Cts., 44; ditto Interior Debt, 25f. 271c.-; money, 23f. 26c,; three months, paper, ' SPAIN.T The -Gazetepublishes a Royal order to t.TefollovA ing effect:- !'The Queen, being cbnvinced that the freedom of te. corn trade in the interior of the Peninsula is the best means of insuring tbe abundant supply of the markets and popu]la. tion, has ordaianed-1. That the sale and distribution 'or bread.stuffs, provisions, fruit, and merchandize 'niai fr''e throughout the kingdom. All opposition theeto s li be regarded as an attemnpt against the property d Fecurity of the citizens, and tho delinquents shal b treated as disturbers of public order and tranqui]lit . 2. The Goverzior will protect, bg every means their power, all persons engaged in that industry, ad nfford'them tle 4issistance of tho- public force, if neosesny. In that-cuse theaggressors shall be liable to 'the pealties of the military code. 3. The said Goveirorsm l cause this dscree. to -s -inserted, during three consecutive days, in the Offic.az BuWeln, and to be publicly-read toe the people. The Government will visit with the most rigorous responsibility the functionaries and authorities who sh-1i neglect to execute the present orders." The Bpoca bringas accounts from Saragossa of the 5th. The greatest tranquillity preve-iled in the capital of Arragon. General Dulce had, issued bandos relative to the appointment of tlhe nqw ayuntamiento aud provincial deputatin. All the persons chosen enjoy the greatest consideratio)r, and their nominations were well received. The disarmament of 'the militia was proceeding in tie different tows of the military district. df Arragoa, and troops have been sent from Saragossa to assistthe authorities in carrying the measure into effect. The deputies -siz, Pons,' and Borao had n'ot been arrested. '"They were perfectly free t Saragossa on the 5th; DI. -Abascal, whose demp. cratie opinions are -well -knowsn- wae the only deputy imprisoned.. General 1hrlce intended fo *emain eight 'or 10 days longerat Saragossa. t- e had written to. the ilinbiter of War-that!he nmight dispose of the cava eryrgimenta sent from~ 31adR, the country being e 8rae1y picified. 'I The O00 men who assembled-at Mequinenzai under the conmmsaiid of Bellera, had dispersed. Upwvards of--400 bh1 made their submission, and the remainder withdrew without offering the-least resistance. -- j T- o scrqws heDuero and Tajo, purchawd The -in anid Queen, -of Prussia and cthe -Einpress of - Russia, ta both -the suitesrn , came Jin tveon Ithmi o rnn fr6m -p Powai: - - great was the -'commotion 'cauied by the -str6am-. ing of carriages--to-mai&--ronrthe beilaysthti'n Among the - 'hli '-dPrsonages wh ae yta onetrain -in diiO o werethe. Eingrand .ue R afichael (w ho eied pe oft~du lasti andeh), 'th thei d su ushass tof Neln thisg SciMornin, Pfromince s Carl'e al breaht ofwas~si,jPrince t Friedrich -of heeho, -and Pfcrince Carltof Bavariam'nel of 'these--zaveat lest - tevera :e inh i ateonage aw ctms by iii adtone to the 12 in *aH,ition~ -on tim e,nmprd Thoe,- King and Queeft drove at once to the chlossj; 4ut. will pass the night 'at Charottenburg, *hence they vill return to-anorrosv morning to' s~ee the Empres off. -For to-'day'anrd'to-nig'nt thdThnpmresa occupies the hot,e,of the Russian, EmBbasy'fiere, and leaves to-morroSw mnorning,, ac,o,mpanied by the Kino- - td. tlie Princes, for Stettin. The Prussian poal steamer Von Nagles will convey her thenlce to Swinemlude, and from that port a Russian flotill 'will c6nvey her and her saite Iba-ck to St. Peteriburg. - The King. and Pri4,cs Carl and Al',rect -wil retrn from Stett;in i the nigft fom 'Tuesd&y to - Wednesday, but Prince arzedich Yjlhehn v.w4 as has UDen fr%uphtly mea-otioued before, company- his Imperial aunt to Russia. As regdrdsthis last change of route, it 'appears that it has been decided upon only at Ithe last .minute, seeing that: thiree Russian steamers had nlready arrived at Daut.aic a;nd were lying d 'c anohus there, in onpectation of the lEmpress's -arrial. They willinow have to go- round tgo Swinemiinde to take 3n: her suite.- - - '- Prince Friedrich Wilhelm -ylbe attend ad during his visi to Russim by the following suite, in addi.- tion to his two personal adjutants, Colonel' von IMoltke and Major von Heintz --Prince Wilhelm * reglmene o,ussam - tie edltryl ce1]besolg 3 of .Hohenz6ll nStgm'aringei ;: and. Dr -t eie,the surgecn of the'8th ReI4itent of Ifantrt Iount Redern, who occupies, the 'poet of Grxnd-Dpifer atthis coni,aid Prince Ple3', will ompany thie au-ite,.wnthiout'.beulg a-Etta;:htd t6it. t i _ I PrXince :WoronzN7 and Co i-tess flnckendori :arrived' at Stettix. on 3Friday a8t, and left t .once for 9whiemUnde, whence they will proceedin ia' Russiaa steamer tpo St. Petersburg. The P sis¶nv .postal.steamner Pire siacher Adler2 .rhich le6ft ettin! that day, was overloaded with titled and didizi- nished pasengera fooking to the coronatiqn. T3he! .acco.mnodation of the steamer is only- 4*kulated for .19 persons, but, n t.hi occasion 200 ilndivitas of the highest c.lass-,have been obliged to 'share ite ,a.inong them, -and -.or this purpoE even the le;si of the crevwIJ the forecastle have beeu put i~no requisition.. Among the papssengers 'were nLany, gentlemen of the French Emassy.; f .Those of your readera who were interested. vfr ;Vehse, the author Qf the secret history of severalr of the. German Courts, who w,a inprinoneo here ineconequence of .some s,1usionsmade ii bin history of f the 'Court of Mecklenburg laving SpqCxa1 reference to Prince Wilhelm of Mecklpnburg-Schwerin, will. be'gratified to learn that he -ill to-morrow regain his liberty, though he will be at once sent out of thin countly,. - - . , , . -GREECE. . The.I.rti(I d¢, $mlpme of t ui t 31b nit, announces that M..' Th6odore Xenos, Consul -for .ffreece,at S.myna,; who had been i3nprisoned on as cha.rge,of,coining, had been set at liberty, it having -beeu satisfacto,rily.proved That the .accunaon-.wssJ false. Th,le li,beration.,of, .?iL .Xe,non .ad given great- iSatisfactio n., f___ ____ ___,, __
TWZ LATE BRA OAS AT CHRiST CHURCH, WEZS- - . . HARTLEPOOL. aiJ connexion with this discreditable affair, some accountj o,,.' whsc,h appesired>n' 27 Tiri`$..f 'the 2d inst., tlie ifollowing; communications have passed between Arqhd,con: Thorp anid theJnhabOants of the tows:- - To TR VZNsIIBLn AnGaDEAcoic~ THosi'p. ; i'rsible Sir,-We, -the' undersigned ownersi of' perty and ratepayers in West-lartlepool, beg most p folly7to represent to you the deep pain vwe feel 'at the ae plorable and hnelancholy condition* of thing, which tLow exists in connexion witb the church i more especia3,y -do wedesir-e Lo convey to you the eipresson of 'our abhor. rence a. the revolting and degrading scenes which' have retefitlyhbe'en'en'acteda-ithin the walls of the sacred 'edifice 'itself, by a mob whom, we grieve to know, received the ,'thanks of the. Rev. Mr. Burges for their preserce and support. '-I . ,.. - .While we abstain from the expression of any opimion asto the legalbearings of-this most unfortunate dispute, !,wep.everthelessi feel..that, .vitha wowledgeooftwht has already takan-place, no right-minded or reflecting man can ,recognize the church in its present state as at all fitted for the celebration of divne worship; and 4We therefire s most earnestly entreat you to take the matter into your serious consideration, and to adopt such steps as you may deem' proper, with.the view to -the temporary suspension of all religious services'wbhtever 'withinits'wvalls, until such time sinthe unhappy dissenions now exiting cnbe Iegally arIranged-aiid peace and harmonyresstored.- ifbre..follow the signatures of the principal mefchahts, 'tradesmen,, and professional men in. the town.] - ''College I)-hasn, Au4. 6" Geitlem6n;-I- have carefully considered the mem6rigl 'oa -haveldone me-the honiour to present, and regret thatIl 4ctanot'conn.irin'thse.view yoa take of the subject. *'Jt ppears to me unfit to close, without absolute necessi, Za church consecrated to public worship, aud to- wi,th-: ' i',ld,r&om the people of 'Christ Church services authorized ytte, Bi,,hop; nor has any one athority to do do so., "I:indsilge the persussofi that all m,atters in dispute' fe- - spectiag. this church w/hich have disturbed the peace of' We'st Hartleprol vsil1 be speedily settled by an amicable' arran.gement, and t rely upon your good and iChristian feel- 'ij apd principles to auilet, by your inllence and 'example' the animosfitieEf aind agttions Svhi,ch'have rece,ntly pre- *"I have the'honour.to be, gentlemen " 'VYonr very obedient servant, CA.THORP, Archdleacon?"' T. Casebourne,; sq;, Oi behalf of the Mesnorialists." "To .Tm VgssXRA=L A:RaDistcoN Tsoup. .' . > . "West Hartlepool, Aug. 11.' "Vencrabe Sir,-We have the honour to acknowledge 'the receirt of'your letter of the' 7th inst., in reply to'the memo from the' inhabitants of West Hmartepool, pre-, sented to you on the previous day. While we readily concur wvith you in the opinion thatit is ' unfit to close a church consecrated to public worship without an albolute necessity for so doing,' we nevertheless take the liberty of respectfully submitting to you that in. the instance of Christ Church such a necessity has actually arisen. Without again reverting in detail to the prDfaAe' and unhallowed a asoci4ions which mnst necessarily, for a time at least; cling to that degraded building,, we cannot but think that, under any circumstauces, a persistence in' the performsnnce of divine worship therein will be extremelyy prejudicial as well to the interests of-the Church of England, to whicIx we.are more especially attached, as to the cause of truth and religion in general. " This conviction, it will be reidily believed, is not likely ' to be lessened by the recollection of the fact that the entire. title and 'constitution of the church, under which themei-, vices have lately been celebrated' is at best but of doubtful legality; that the Bishop himsnif has recognized the eiitence of. this,doubt by formadly withdrawing. Mr. Burge$'s license to marry; and that, finally, and in addition to all'i this (as We understand), grave doubts have arisen ini yoir .own mind as to 'the validity of the ceremhony of oonsecr'a. tion itself, with respect to which it would appear that lo. dispute or difference of opinion has hitherto existed. - I ' We admit that what is said with respect to the ' im-*propriety of. Withholding from the people of Christ Church -. services authorized by tho Bishop'. might, under certain circusstences, be a valid and. reasonable objection. agai6st the ciosing of the church, but in the present instance we ate'. constrained to confess that w'ecannot recognize the force bf' its application.. On thecontrary, the very. fact of.-the ide-- morial having beer. so numerously and respectably signedtsk.- a sufficiently unequivocaLexpression of opisson that the m-- habitants do not regard the temporary suspension oE the' services in.the lightof, a-hardship at all; and whateyer r.. Burges may ssert to the contraniy, we feel confident thE-' ever chaste. thoughtful, and Christian mind in.thist*_raunity would infinitely prefer confining his devotions for &. .timewthin the nnprofaned sanctuary of his ow;n jhoiTh rather than enter a tabernacle, once dedicated to Gc4 -'it is. true, hutSnow. defiled' and polluted, and teemiagwvith th&e fvilest associations.. ' . - " bWeeg-yomwill forgive' the freedom-with whieh te have.taken theliberty.to address you on this'matter, bu We cannot, in conclusion, withhold from you the exprenion of our regret that a ste p which, in bur opiion, tbe dictatis of prudence, of true religion, and moralty alike concur in siproving should have failed'to elicit thesanction of your countenance and support. "I have the honour to be. " Sir, your most obedienE servant, -"THO3fAS CASEBOIUR}N'E On . Obehalf of the Memo'iZ ,
THE "PP.OVIDrN.-TIAL" A.RiuANGSThmwi 4~-o-r' Avs'IKE EiEGIOX.-But fthe longer Ist ayed among the ls; -and, the maore closely~ I ~examined thetn, the 'YAore'Io struck'by-the one broad fact of 'there being; *ast~Apn plateau, or mass of 'oesvaed land, upon wbich 3nearlyalth highest pealirsstood like 'children set upon a table, irem6vdi inL meat, cases.,' far; bask from the edge of the plateau4bj f for fear of th6iuiflliag, And the result of tins arrah6msdn ,is a]cidndJof divisioni of' the whole of SwitzerIaind'li6 %ns sipper and lower mountabi worad- the lowerworld6~nsisttn of -Hchvalleys, bordered by steep itaiycesbd6~ baiiks of mountain, moite or legs divide'd by. ravines, thrng. whieh'giimpses are csnught, of the higher AIA ;'the iipper world, reahaid if6eeitthefirst steep banks of 8,000 or14,"0 fet in height: hi-ve Wen surmoiinted, consisting of cepi.- paratively level but most desolate-traces of moor alid!ieek, ,half covered by glacier, and stretching' to 'the feet'of tae true pinnacles of the chain. It, cmn hardly ben -cesr~to point out 'the!perfect wisdom and kdndness of t iment, as a prqayIsion for the safety of' the inhabitsi o the -high moun~tain regions. If'-the 'great pdi' at: .onoe . from - the deepest valleys, 'every 'stone which w as struck from the pinnacles, and every snow.wreath 'wich'a slipped from their ledges, would clescend a' once 'usjon flhe inhiabitable ground, over which no year WOnld' p&as, wihi~,th6 recordini Eornecalsmity of earthalp or aviilanche.' -Jesil.es this, them mase ofs snoweacst down~ at once into the wirmer air, would all melt rapidly in the ' sprin casi . ?rI,n inundations of every-great river fot a month or. 'six vQeems-~ All these calamities are prevented by the 'pecnliir* Alpine structure which has been described. The b'zoc-`rks and the slidingesnow of the. high peak~ 'instead of betng dashed at on~ce to: the -vales". atoe~uh upon the deg oiMe shelves or shoislders which averywbero surroand'th ce~4 1 crests. The soft banks which ternunt hs hle~ traversed by no fallinU'ragmie*t ltetejava;l richest wood; while the masses ofsnwhadupne ledge above themi, ini & climate neitherb a';a'ita them quickly, in the sprnin, nor socidatopte tlm from althe poe of the summer'~n,efe 'om~bm selves into glae=' or remain ineaO l-ig,lt jc to the close of the~ y~e'ar-iin'eithereesiplngon~n 'a-bundant, and xeguisrs-Eltreams tO the viigsad isde i'beneatb,' and -to the rest of linupo nbeadivgb ri.vezi.-Rxsisss.. . 'The -RroUoer)Pmpfon Chronicl reotst intense beat 'of the weather bas pTxt'a:" ~ et~~e I the mils and'fomgee of the district, hc ujet h o to great privationi, for, with thehi pcefprvso,
I &fl ARH A7 AOIroAOqirW Imit1kFx,jae 9WIqa4jucOfLonAedeMare, sts h OL-a1y c*,dothMer,dopyit,ognf,th. nby.c Sir Are rsli~& ani~by i~l A and& lrgeparty froms the ball.0 "1r--~-Vs ~ R. took theai,an it6 uo--ItedhistorIxn,ixx a`f6w JrWe: Mnd prrit bey tion& ,,. -~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~-wsrwie ain room, and of many. olesten%noes Ioe arouU nd , Jfoxtdly .then.dht'-I-forradly'tddrezaed You. -At that period-e :erenaed Ins-the commencment of a#trrible qtnggi.e Ahen -,only in ita'infancy.. WYe. were engagedisnu.despeo Irate, ttrife with-that'great Rower-which after- lonig. overtsbladovrin -the:,nAtions.of.noetbemXzurop4 bxad,like th~ gen iiinthe -fable,. emergedcas an :arnred. giant - from thi ~sxotes-of*the Baxine.-,(Hear.) You all kaow therI 3iar 'relative in that terriblestfife, atd we in1 looked wst imty,f1ear, and- trembling -to; every poet.. lest it'aiud brngus the accoutnt of:'the.,desth of , the dear one, MEw -<dffret i te spet t hismoen IHow differeat t6a :J!o'pcts whichwo all novW enjoy! The great contest isovlr Ahte.ictory.had-beeh gained, though after- a terrible loessto a11'imanlind,ald'a grievous bereavenment, to mznnyfamilhes,u*this c6mntry.-' !But victdry. las at last,lieen gaeined-for the -rihteotLt ibaiLs4;r peace 7-is:'again. -shning upon'the -at, ,and -the vobice of -joy., said. gladness, undisturbed, is agabi heardbinthe dwellings:of man. (Applause.) ThMakfiels-s to thef Almighty Disposer of evenits miust oertailly let1ii -first feelin -of- alL after-the many te:rrible drnesthro4'h -which we have gone, hud the bright prospects now: open ito -ug, In addition-tothisgeneral. cause of thankfulnes-there * ore tho-e hero who, as ournSQ1JIoobai4manless,justly- 'ad,' have to rend&back-special thank-s or the blessings w,hiclLr -amid this terrible'strife-He has vouchsafed t~othems Tb6>se are thei person we lamnentedf-,Whose fate we we-re Ianiul -about when -is last snet;~ They retu?n again In honouxr la& in safety,'toreceis-e in the respect and gratitu Ide, of th~ii Country, the rowArd due to -their~ heroism., their fox-Etud~e" und their constancy. .(Hear,:-hear.) -Wo hiave -the, isapbfil ~nessof 'seeing,himhserow1bse, absence we lamxentea, and wvhose safetywe felt such anxidety. We have,the happinc -of,seeing one of the distinguished Crimean heroes resdi aver this assenibly to5day. ' (Applaus.) If, fits a genea and national 'point of 'yiew, over the whole empire vQ have cause, to feel thaulful, I cannot help feeling,that yIjn have a peculiar: cause of gratitude for the prosperity-auid the happi:ness -which yoa individuially enjoy. Whecji look -rdund nae~ at' this ri-sing town-I. may almost, + 'this rising city-and- reflect: that 20 years ago. it,con-sistedI Dnly. -of ~a: few- -amletl5 perched upon -thd ble~ and dreary: shores* of. the Northern Ocefixt I an1 Inst reflect upon. the vigour and intrepidity ottha,4xnit ivhs6li.-as bridledI the, waves of the'sea, aaid.cat p ssh'be"nshore tho' seeds of procperity, joy, andhzLappies (Loud: applIk&sb4' 7But'*hille I see so many proofs ufh wisdonf beneffcence, and the-energy of that niobla hriet wvho laid th,e fOundation of your prasperity, I see?oudis also marks not less conspicuouLs of another hand wivhihe completed-the'-beautifaL structure; (Hear, bear~.)I e arisirigri6iind -me a~-church, aa--hospit'al,-x school-th happy faces of, the-childr-en who are there rzieiviiig the *ekments of editcaia--~nd.I seethatif mas,culie ener6-, ta~nd intepidty hae lai themasive fonndatiojs - imortnceof nstiutins f tis escription, aid it i .an asy, Inato to speak in el et termis of theo blesis vbi9l1 -may accrue - to socey we the lamp of knowlee * lghteps every .n3cai',:wrso,ad h oc i 2-sciencei is seen~ burmnisg- byeverypesnsfisd.Bu -,therd i ne4somi.thiags.a wellnmw'bt twudb ,5upeorflious t- t,d.escant* uLpon .them. It has- been said b foreigners, i- m-compariing-oar, lTouses of Paxliament wt 'the Ue~l-tive Asseinblies of othlie countries, and spcill -of France, that ih'ey fo' debate. miatters which-i te 3nianytbigswhiWs'h6tild he taken for-granted inpo~i in' stiutius uch,asthisr a.s well as-ini the.House of.ome~ nee Itein nopoition piay-be more safely takeonfor rn~ thanthevas anliiemesprble Utility Of institutiosnb ~sth3~ '(Har; ear, jluhill nt, tei-ef'ore, dean;in thAt*s~pic;butIsh endavou tSdirect yogur attento o ~th,leson whchwe hould dereive fromi the, gretev1s ,passin,g befoe our eyes and w%hich weshould endeavu * ccminr.icat ~ofnt rn ies, -ns,the, resulb of.the epei 'Wi'waenovegoing.throufgh. (Applause.) Peje often,'in! i.d r~n ihhae'fthis descrip%6io, -enss ,,6n`i to!gratify- h~edeco ;whcm, they address by flotsr ing hei inel1eet4hefjnopiaktion, and1heir-intellien; -and far Is' it fromi me to~say anything to the contayih resp ct' to I:rs. z9iibI.bliZC, fo- 'I know well -enog h amiong tiboseo w*h'o I leave no6w thd honour toadrs dr is as ret adegtee -of - ifteliOntce wisdoni, and infoeia -ten azs-could tEa foundin'any ecjual. niumbbr in' 'tbe'ratd Jkmgd9m. Buit still,.ipthe-whole mzass of,-s(ey,icd en h ighest,. the aniddle- and t, oet eaal e iwelooL. ut ath re4tmitatyserosa vast; mesfakesr-have beeiu- prevalent, and that 'we, havo e' c eeftlY' niade etost mbireow escapes in"consequenee of,es s m-at 6f information iii the great middle cliass of- rsociey who are.now-the ri4u oyofteSae (Hear, hea. Aie, f e ~~l aSWILLd imareangers in times to come. v mintt a~void similar errors. I iinclkedo myself and every'r s~~-ddctij n't1rcutr.Weashare in cr~n -e*rrors, tnhd ouir -i-isoni ifes in-observing passling event Ad endeueyturing to educe ' trath from the erosinhc v ,have been, involved. :-(Hexr, Jacar.) Thee r thre hf~ oiht of wlficli I slalal`etdouvnr to educes tho leassois -of - e ri .asip qee s. 'Aad tlit first ofthesd' is h absolutte- ,ueed 'of-all- the country-sand, -above- al, of es ritiddid classes-beiiug imbYessed'withbthb imperativenoc~S; sity of mantsiling~,our.-atiorml a-rulasents-onran ndeqntu Il scl , fwe wquldq avoid, not a renstition of ouilt riean - dishstert,' buVt I qAd'dnt~ of disi"ee iaflmtly 'geeatsr,aad;A;,rhapc,ThieWutimate On o itetrikf- ~sis toaddes&yuis iy- the, great.admotn~hne th lol -wr6 . rsn -fro th i disovryofth vs ma~went arkSojgneath&afecesh theagrse- changso willriavs getleme,i,hee if.n ontwihth esn of - efeoncrwars<nth ot la adlcd colurs t'h VAs h OmmesAezndrYs hv tun duri'tnehitory ofastie yea40 ycn-sequen e--&s ot weref -ieutsn oll our' tesateops 'riomeus. Sof grea ae oe tghesaa"', aon d orto exampesn of the eres>pe)eae ieprWclso uencj ofeal this anfair-.~t litid with m4 aichth fatinww sdientforwardo Iin tif wl hens peusotinpto slokcict o the su his6ofAtoij of teliy br.st 4 years 'n and-&-.'f yu eeflown h tpd -ever anper=t VotounpdT taonsqThatw of t'heuisers4r ct fltessen your n wihitnat werethe thnerscwecincurredb ih. uconsteqhuenstI =-in st slcitnteqsuefic,of thepevnalntnec bracfed c 4nomy oony and f,-eucin ursparmng e4cIondie *ever Uy e 0srt'0- - n. Tha wa tneis' r-racy - ga~~it.'JThe u&tesg of Pore$e "bIt-wa-redutreldcto 150ol, Antfd' they thedd coneq nba~su 31nta- ~Thee:RcussiasyG wto. ' taBes-very-:oethatpnt ve iad willtell your what sodere, the danger whe inuclusrred Ihen cosetuence.-o oun -my, inmeconsequ ence tof tenroch tllnt ~ortheconomyiand fhyorqureducin,ordarnmyAve~dia ri 4,A#ianistOarx. Thdey.bhsiemydoHerating oh e f Hin~0 fthiis.i ourThe Rssians imowIng:tis, ander-blgd th twe nad' disrolmed ioutr od soldiers, intlo wA e he nucleus an 4de the trepelgtlroKof our ary,immei-sihtelitbegantoencroac eqio to ft~iansta Tey esi'ed hief-a, the keyof inebai intooIndiaouanr pssssont-Inhiefoferd, fi,ewreob t fenter ito aen clso uiriles ofiento Alhaitr ore Ito Grea lt Brifans- udoxrnssahis li n threte ned ca b Noaith' nlmde" hy oi iietlibWet ceede ia-6AAIihi;jtheir chiuef,fot's se .iiri-~onk~ih6fth,aissend -an~ ie ednNrh.a ~a ~ibledisast'wer MMn'hei- h Bsuins-se ceedd m-dsellhshng -ther. skfuicce-aiiog -hem ra, wewrabned;a un-a, xejint Algai~e --occasione-d-shook-the-empire- to its-floundation~iund alnjst~ bouit-tkingqdm-ofHindoistan. And attend to this. W6- ~ontqo~ncewas beyalLookservice:with the ::na~ive; chiefs; theytool,service with-the Sikhs and-Xuajeet si*;h, snd we know what tbrrible dlangers were incurred in tVie war of thePunjab. ihere -it wasonly in cneuneo h -devoteed liiaYye ofLr ding,7L Gr GogW, and-a fevotlershath" bioPurdianueipirew,%spreventAfW h wras i-t that that waIr-W.as s& tentibla? , Simply bebauso o ~Osa~d'Hear.) c. Now, attend :to wkhat was g94ing:oi at -The sAme thmeeat iomae. -,At that period our naval,fordo rsde&ced to -Asich a poiint, that itwasetated b#ir(iChate Wood, 'in his nihce in Parliament,i i-1837, that Euntd ~e*d o~1yonefclobuer and. `one frigate afloat to gU.~rd her shofs, wile t th very time the Ruzilans-a 39sh ip E. ,th,lia, nd heFrench had 20-perfectly readyfor sa Mid' ~ai, Wenthe expeditiola toAcre took plaoe we hid Zbnieiia shps,whie Frncehad17.' (EHear, hear.) ' At' -that-tim we wre tice o Thevery -ver-ge of wax with- -.Vtnce, and once wtFrneandRussia unitea, and we ba+ihauhprtyoflorilrdng foe- saying he conid notl. i~Ei"1a-if ad'beeiin:vadod, baregt more thin 10,000 uess~ethe~d~enl40 gus,th greter portioLi -f *hIc`h -~-w~so-ra4 hatif tey=lambeputfint6a IT, -ieldltlsBY urge antig here hc ol cainaydvso mn mattr, f paty,but za"beit impa'by 03 M Ipoa'whii, Itrauo , (Kw' 'Bgj If ls f .m uij., werUrR itu- the Maiatsan 'fluence anr ieobec-ab t Uji ou - (~ ~ -I~h I pregerveotur iza inal XReniewnber the best.foundationf orth otii=r paoito te- prparedifowa~r `ind' a izn 'nFWar is to give over tha'prepaAU6ioof-the~'meaausby . 'icl tiatobI' goingt Oa (Liad ,'pahe-.) ThOf lotoiney andanth pic o eer>atileoflife., n o.1 sequenoe f the age diSCOVeriesi aiona.n ~Australia. I-tais & mamtte of -which it is lutezIy.Amupwa Vible to overrate the! izoportance and oonsequeno',' an conLk~PaW5on Wlith, slctthe itre of Napoeon &acI tba sowerof Rusia s 'knmo. insignifcance. Itil us uatter:of or.able anil lasting importanoe, fori-it _wil altogeth.er Llter the prices ofitrticles of life,auad affect the postion of-every idul i th contr' fom heducal magnate,to the, humblest pezaan. A, will~ affect every species of- idsr, and, 5ix shO$t, p'odioe.r IOnseqtience -of liii aleledniag. iue oevrigae ot, ocet_v. i(Hear.) - ow, this is 2ct a, lnkttr of sp~eculation. There are twro gret oocasions oi 'whichi )imp tRAdstiops have- l6n mnAde to our metallic >eircultion, and it jr amogt-,extraordisiarylesar in the l1isto of &mnlsdn that thosetwogreat chatges have bc. w .ai heywermost Ccltd to produebenefgio wl~dst~mericaandi.ite ch silver- zaines of Mereiioo and Pam-were discovered an~~ th- ne~t 'wh en'thiegolaregions w~e isoveedanCfioraand Australia iunour -own day. l~ow attnitotheeceseitass and wants of maankind at the perids hentheedescoieries were -mrade. 'Wheri.Amner ;~ wasdisovred an Clumbus puabed :hiadventurous SaIls acos'h Alti,A vew world was opmene to the coni-, mece,'the.igniy and the efflorts of-man. An imuidensek impulse -wisginto trade, a vast number of additional transactions tok lace, -and. every branchL of hanua indnit-ry was mnateriall affected. Now, if no treasure had. ,beesiidiscoyee-if no sUer mnines had been founddin Mexico -M an ru hat oud' have bee the coule *quence'5-Wh1y, -that if the transations oDfLthe wPorld were' inbbetanll; increased, -and no addition -waz xade ;to-the;-nsedi2nz.or.thoee ;transrctionp, prices -of ee y.' -thiL%-'v ould -have r'fAlen-the world, would have been ini'olved i~disters~debtwbuldb Ilve been. increated-pko. flt'~rul ha'eh dtsiised-ndevVrybodywouldhiave -been~-izivolved in muery-riadaistreis, ncosueeof thh 'grea't discovery ofbfnother continent2 .which -ii might have been hoped:would open -tl, e dtior of prosperity to mnid (Hear,- hear.)~, But.-what!did-Trovidence do! It- oere tiie mines,of mekice; ndakave a currency to th worla ado'. '4piate " the fiidedasid ats of-fukanki1(ea.Atteisa '-'whan 30,000,000 iofi gold -were poedanally LInt6 'the cir,culation:'of the world.' -Thiawai urontime--.izA -the days 'when the stesam.engie lWa comeitol-we * seamnav~aton had bridged t'heAtatcwethri- way-id ribed'the~ niesug of communication inLeVery ~ci'i1ie~contr,4!uid.. theT electric telegra iPh hid Tend~ered -thecapials f -heL -globe -almost - like- the same city. - It was hentha 'tesedisCoveries were made to mnale t'he mnonetary cicltin-dquate to the wants of the world; and' had it -naot been f6r this discovery -of the told treis&Lre~ of"-Anstralla and' Caifornia,' the -result w6ouldinevitably;havii'lien' thatthie 'steam-engine- acid tlib -application of that-power to travelling hylindsandbywater, antdvat impulse given toindustrym consequence, might have been productive of nothiinghbutmaisery, desolation, andruin. (Hear.) Now, one consequence of thiagreat diwcoveryis thazt the pricaof al article§ of life -will be permanently andl lastingly raised. Attend' to this '1oti ire all concerned in it. People-say that prices 7ere raised in consequelice of thi warwith Russia. Thatthad ~omeeffeck,no doubt,butit w~as' 'nob-the- gfreat-thnig. It~ iVoth6'gold of Californi a nd ,Asst.rAliathatcaas4idhexiseof prices. Goidhecamnscheaper. -in-consequehce bfbe'ine mreplentiful, and as rold-beco 9'scheaper everZ_rtcle o-f life will, of course, r,se in priqe,. price being measiiiiied'iii-g-old. - NZ;mthat is of the greatest: possible benblit'tii a:sidmfci&Tl'd6iiimn it M herehalm§st~ every person. is dependent-upon. industry andl commerce, fand_ where the great, ~1,ementl of prosperiy is a. regua ann pogresive-rise'of prnces;, for arise of. prices isf:banefcaf~'r&iy p bietothehigestas welt as the lowest. In d6iitrist t6thfs 'we all lmdw whiat was the distretss'of g6 'ioniiti±ydni'ing th i yaso-orprices. ~Beti 'what has since takeni place! Since ' that'tioie gold'-has -come more plenti,fully into circutlatin, and the price of L everything la, been riased. And i~a iste consequence? Do -we not 'se t'_i 'te ino tulibquivo!cal mars- ofprosperity, 'aid do'-not all' t'he -public 3ournals boast of 1hei-- miebse increal of o;ur expoits anudimports, and the greaLter ealse with which We bear - increase taxation, raissid as it has beeu from '50,000,000. to 75,000,000!., and under which the country. prospers even maore thativfhen. the trxation-was-25,000,00M1 less? (Hear, hear.) Therefore, I think,<this great change. arising'out of the-discovery-of the gold - rigions,'is certiuinly,obie of'-the facts upon which the aettention of all pernson should be continually fLied, and more, especiallypersons in trade,because' it evinces thei wisdo~m anc3biendlcence of 1rovidence ; for if it had niot been for theiminek of -California and Australia, the- benefits arising 'from itheLgre3atiiscoveriesof retent~timnes wouldhbavesimsply augmented those distresses under which the couxntry so pain-fully laboured during the ctuarter- of a century before 1850. (e, ar)Bef6reileaing this all-irapDrtalit-sablet. oDf the manner in~ wvhich Providence contrivres to work out its- wn urposes l- 'ouimh 'the instrumentality of humaLn '~nencee,-wihou . pepl - bein aware., of - what is I 'gong o, I :ooldcsll. ,your attention,- to thex 'wonderul.prof' hatis.afforded -of. itby thei events.!f I the lae war; -ssayoul all know, isa great sand aggreesi'iie nonaiChy.' R `sa hassa it if-iewocoiiqueronastanItinople, -ind to!overi'on Asia-in. short, to'subject the world-make her way sure to-Constantinople, she built that beautia-,' ful arid mnagniient-city on the bmnksof the Blac'k lleawhich ~'is,i ov oxsly'e mass of smiokng rains, and-there accumulated a 111ass- of -ranlh-rystores and- milTitary' powfer andl was the object of .the Russians.. Now, gentlemien,'the. 'Russians. by building their arsenal in tha6 spot-by aettinj, I.tl'i(ik foot upoiii Sebastpol, to rimale the first step for Con- g1t~an iople--brought upon theniselves all the mniser_ ajid_ blame for a%llthe zuiffierin'ga'inwhichtheir'empirehas been in", ;volved. WVhat has been the cause of the success of the allfed ~in. the late wan? I t,waj in the "'distance" of Russia heirs' ~ili~ud'aaint hrsf' 'while te sea-'the probierhasis or '6ir fiMititrk Upbeatio6,L the pioe~er home- foi England >frontmf Sebastopol;,our;troops andthe truopsof.our allle: were carriedl there without losing a man; while the! ~lusinsha t mrc 1,00miesbylad.Wenowwha7t:Wesufete b~sevein'miles of land transportfrmBalsv ~t'ttheft6fit,-butitwhatl-muit the -Russihnlg have suffesied! Th'cy iuffered,thtis :-Oat of 20,000 of the Im IrGa4;nrd' 'who left-Moscow forthe Crimea- only4,00.0 leftinmphpol,. Fto fight the allies;.16,000 were destroyed by disease, fatigue~_ desirip`ion. 'But -there is- another illustration wMhich is stfi miore striking than this." If we bad gained in the con* -mencenient of the' Crimean war that idecisive success we all -at oue time- hoped fori, we should at this moment. hive been lighting a d esperate and, a dloubtful war.:' YWe sill 'renember' the! Tatar's story-that the English Ileet hadenteredlSe'bastopol, th.t tthe town was taken, slid fhktjS,GD00 Rbiaisia had been taken-pris,oners.- Suppose that hadbaeen done, how ioyful we should *all have -been! The whole! nto 'qdhaveo rung with, acclamationes and every~ city woulidLihave been festive with illumination. But what would have been the comsequence? 'The consequence' would have 'bee4~emghithavebeosi irnvobedina'war'withi Russia for' thenet 2 yars -The3lusKians would havv -xetlredisito -th inerir; f outhemrnlussii. r 'We never. c-nid have folbwe tem 0 iules. _The stiengtli'of lsi'oud iii6~'iiinactsidfi they would haveo'retird to -their detrtsinsathd.(Hear, her)But-in consequebnce oA :'ori io'suceein '-n P~r g Sebasto'pol -at on ce-in i thee6 frts lioight at tiat'great-distanero hrcaia ~Rligsia lost'4Q00.3O2men, and,,woliderfultrea,anspe boasting-7-5,1000,000 of population, wa at las ocdt u foi~ia~cf r ant~fsolies.(Applause.) -We see, then, hdwwifdrfli istli'a6ton of rovidence, afdd how' tbvent,~'whiclilaV.flrit sight'Appear. to be MOatLinjurios,iin the-end iprbve-mn6st beeficil. -(Loud applause.) Th'ere, -is-one'other subject-upon. 'which, -I -'wish- to, Lay .aiew 'Iods Ao ,net. thn~asong -many socia erils' 'that ex isfi6a-cointry,thr i ny one oLf such Inap li'dad Diiportancb r o aplling iai its effacbs, Ai MtA-o.atrike' mon lneen~ Thers is no'person-botteilable to'sek-o this-subjeet,thaiimyseld. --ave~seen.Agreat ilmerftem-in, th -onyof Lantark-,-and in this ver t spigasrike of-uexmled m'agiiude his talken Place a*ihi~resulted; as' all strik-es do,. disastrously fosi the - iorkia'un Tix-thecdimltietofLaniaik,lleufre'wandStirlU'g25,00D' vrokkiAun'- struck -work; at -,one,j involving in their 1mbean'ntth sffribs.f o es tan120000 raembers di' ther fmilei.~ Yu my esil. cncevewhat the levil 'was ocet 'hn 2000 pron wrerDucdt train ~ftr oldngoii"drin Uwees.Durngthat time prhf to thse- masters: and -in- enanoed trices-coals being more -than .doubled in .value-amonnte.to a similar sum; and, ,iltogethler, W00,OOL 'ws lost to three counties in the space '6 tht'e 3mdntht; 'iolely--in consequence -of this strike. Eea±, h ear.)'- -Now, * genitlemnen,: tie leaders in- tht hstrikoe cxumo-.to- consult- me before they begsu;1 for 1I.-am-happy:to-say, although obliged to- awt officilly |xgainit,tbemt I enjoy the confidenca of both parties. (Hear, ,hear.) 'hsey camue and consulted ins, and I counselled them in 'tbe most earnest manner -not to ceter upon it. I -said, Is-Gbntlenieni, look- at- the Asoney.marketlook at pr'icszlookVt the prospecti of society. . In the money-market yo'a ,villaee thn the Bank-of England-treasure, which formnerly aui6uited.to 22,000,003!., is now undei 10,000,000. -'When. it 'i reduiidk to 8,000,00., the-'niaion, is bankrpt,' b- 4uagse-'thitlini a mt-is; actually xeqii6d to -be'kepi in' the Bank by act of Parliament.- Binkers, ti diminish thi ;,prssspe, tve- rised their rateof disEconnt from 31 to 7A per cent.,-andtheo price of iron has, in consequene, fallen fi ion 4i. to 66s. per ton.-' Can you possibly expect that you' t- 6getthe ame'nte o'fwiges 'wth diout Bo smuo 'gh^eri 'tbe lmoney' lent' to vour: employers' being -it 75 'ieaof 3hper cent;; the price of irohi being at 66g.- ii ~at~adSii84s.andrthe.probabfiltofAhat. price beocutim' still 'worse? Consider wel what you are doing. -71Hyoix]stiike 'nurfethese'c istanee>3 If yoau do, you rwilljstnika in :thesintereet of the, materl - Tae; oan get no profit from your rork, and they will be fd to r.5t'rid ot j'ou' Tby 'replied, 'f It inight be a71 y trs -buttbemwist 8° on-'~ 'Wht 'was thi conlsequence 2 --.h uek for-this object, to keeEp -'waoes, at 5. day,- whes -tbe snatcvould oaily give tem 4e Their object wsby a stik, ad 'iolence to keep prices in adversity axt -the level which they hadf attained in prosperity-thaLt is the great and drodfnlmisW?nAhias men} made. They said last Oeolohr, Pftofpro 7,U. t asd e*i wrlLpe be broegt to, -theevery, [iUccMful:IA te object-6 "aiC Ir -itrik-'de riing umade .im n wse:tia be-be, d - .rere fUlling; 4E(r.J' They wr6 ie n would here ._pU-s 3not lIt themn gp iecawi they wbuld ujj'0i `3Onq by : doing so. iBnwrfeblthe f5res ed-wrh5 idh [count washigh iiad pricies IO*Fw ieiot in .toltthem gov ThAt wa'tbheafleuentIvudj0'k, Do ng the-mundend it, sa!iout tbeh.y w , th, consequences were such as I bare Ale dtb 'loat io niuch in 11 weels that muny i not recover the debt they then -incnrred -in 1I lart.- {H'etr,- siar.) 0 men, niam.o rwAddresed you xc-the_!!dim. piortant topics .f tbA day,. believing, as I do; tb*j4pio .suches the6eean ,noet imnortat in s neititution ,of this hind. (tearj .nd, jaXeer tht obevtioni.dthia chrcterare addreeeed zwith proprety to- assemblis' iSulh - s I see beforte me. -I lbiow -well the tslea tS ibery and the enteinrise which pe*rrad this grt :mimngleom .aunity,andllvsnA s elyto look at 'th neighbonz;gcity of Newicastle to reuenibr that within iti wals the of the #reAtelt mnen whom England'ever produced w ,Jorn and instructed there in one schooL. ta-snglesehoolin Newcastle, at'one tiie, there were to bifoundthre''bys, ,who:.aIterwarsa>.tt&ined the highest position iu Evgliah annls. There was Colingwod6 wrho , fterrdjlledone half of the Englishafeet into the p fire of Trafagar there was Lord -wdon, who for 20 years wielded with so muchn iapLrtiality the.seeptreOf justice; andthere was also his brother. Sir William Scott, whose legal decCisio WMl tever he quoted, swell in tci' country as over the whole .'WGrla, as master-Pieoee of judicial eqjuity and legal ,knowledge.(Hear .hear G l3etlemneni'thin is arn impDzUt fat~ct, indicating how d"ble it is th'at institutitilossuu- 4oath should be generally diffused; for there is no saying thal in any societ y b-iii compainm u dren or eve' ' mong the 900 children who shiared in the beneficence on Sattiiday last, as tneyhsda formerly been instractodbyLaiy leiulon. "erry-there r is no saying. bt what, among thoe e dren or in this companymay be found the people upon whon. he fate 'Of the esnireisuiltissarely to rest5 and w4 amr =sdestined to leive.niesimmortain Luglis to are destineOd, it may Is, on~~e d ay et "IT eatter-plentyo'erasmilingland,- "Andiedtiieirhistoynnso' ~The PWY. .A.. BExuux inubn fSlm Iqed, and Mar. CA_\r.zs-, an _,,teaev shp u,scne A _vote.of thanks to, Sir Archibald .Alison for.tho*highl intellectualtreat afl'ozded to the mnembers of the I_nsuit tute., - The propositionw.as carriea bya~cclamation, and aciow- le~dged&by Slr AItCHMALD. *>'The~ proceedings elc3ed with a tote or thaito, Lord Adoiphus vane, _J.P., for his kinaness in presddig oDVer thu meeting. The ball was much crow3ea,.'and the adilres, of the' historim was listenedl to with great interest througltout.
OU2~RAKBsT 2IPICWTIES. TO TEE mDITOB or THE TI3S. Sir,-Within. the last fcrtnight my attention hbs' een forcibly drawn to the dificulty in which our farmers are placed by the want -of hands to get in the bountifal corn hanrvest with 'which we have beeli favoured-a difficulty which has been increased by the rapiditywith which the ;h i est hass econme ripea t nearly the arne tim e all over ths |'ilaniities end gin goo to which it is not here neceEs jsa' -to^refer,- have materially dimninished the anny of itinerant Irsh reapers, on -whom; in simila sfrii's,!onr .farmers havebeeisLn the habit of rel3ing ever sincesteam. boest and r3ilroads brought the cost and time of traveling down to aminimum. InBngland, loating rural labour has wit'hii the last few years beent absorbed by einigratie'n; by the6prosperity of our manufactures 3nd commerce, and ,gecently, by the necesary increase of our army. The con-sequence of this doubly diminished supply is that the price of harvest labour his risen until the farmers outbid railwiy contractors, andwe find ourelves compelled. to suspend, for the present, the execution- of all bat- very pressing , bli works. "Xavvies" who were earning from 4s. 3d. to 4s..6&L a_ . -day have Ileftms because they can earn more at harvesting. To attempt to keep them from a work on -which so-iuach national prosperiiy depends by farther increasing' their wsgesewould have been very shortsighted policy. : - Under these. circumstances I venture to suggest thai our Govermment mightwiselyimitate theexmple of the .Fench In-times of harvest emergency, and permit the solders of regiments stationed Lu rural districts tO earn wages by helping to get in the corn. Such assistanc rendered inedixtely, 'would save an incalrulAbl amount of 2intional wealth, be gratefully received by our agriculturists, xa4d, I -venture to thinle, would ntt be m2cre injurious to the discipiine of the British than of the I'rench soldier. T . lan. Sir. youitr fiitful aerant. S MORTON PETO - Kensington Aamdens, Ag.J1.
-.TO THE EDITOB or THE 1rwES. - Sir,-:Y0ur_ correspondent "W. 'F. L." deqcrjbegL the F ingular meteorof Sundlay fievenig last as seen it Great MArlow. I also 'saw it andI manmy less remark-able bues, 1'lom the meighbomi±hoo of-Hampstead, ad, as t oneae 11to mea to be stationary instead of travelZx and Eha&d 1other .Vclils vnn obn you a copy. of thez)ote I took on the ooca~sion, and hope others wrfll do the sane~ ," 1SniyEeig u.1.'hl acigfrieer .in the'south my.Attention was suddenlycafdled to the N.E. 'quarter of the heavens by- another observer, where a nitteor V TuiWr u billincy,andquitesttioncy si;2 a d~ On first al ook-y ing 1 saw a small -curved line of light resemnbling the "top of a shepherd's nrook, which at the instant I look-ed pae to be4 just rezolving itself into a.numaber ofdetachedM,,bU.f. lin,eqni-dlstmat, andwell.definedpointsoflght0f the0am curreaoutline. These enduredfor a se,condor two, andthen fadedinto.afaintluninmoustrackof simlz.rform. The netin-. stant the track (and others say the line of points) app areO rapidly -writhing into another shape like a liin preazur and, after six or eight seconds, became gridutill3 invisible, having odntinued rapidly to change its for=mdrin.g the/ whole interval 'and vltiJmately becoming mi*#h elongated1 Ima.y observe that it is desi.rable ha&t soMOmestronome4 bshorlputicly state his willingness to r-eceive and collect) .obsrvton f neark-able meteoric plaenomem~. -Ainong the hundreds who vwitniess such occurrences, few piceum to sLtlr an-insertion in the colum-ns of Tlie Yw,ance~ 0oIisrvations are thterefore lbet. * lM. Sir. your obAA!, nt - - -LA i -!JflQtofl .&1-gu3 1.2.
The essex Herald telsIua story- of an innoce-n lan convicted. Some time since a man, named Jacks~on was tommitted from this (CheIisofbrd) Bch on the 'eharge of breing into a shoemakems shop at Writt1e, morethan Ayrago,and stealingnine pIrs of bootsfom Mi zSalt weil, for vilm he had bfore wpored. 'e en pased verl conclbisie. The Beomano 'hostpgd the elf.ih 6 boats In his poamow,on in Writtle, in thor might soon ater the robbery bad bai eomitd,but~fhroeM whonm he eaped, awe ey positively fo hiz. The ;'hdweTe, awrtedbatbevw at work1 in Bddng4 bexwatnieted lit Peked at his- tzii it the xecentabe zre.o r it hewa -convited. Tit baal o fbeen ae tIidied that tbe -i,Asi~ory~we orrwest. Wcola wiire, axa*d tAt bo Je Tou S ef ,ot was 3k lii a.~~es. washing fr* hzn~, ~aA tha
DREADFUL SHIPWRECKS, Thu foloqwing account of the wreek of the Edina is from the pen of r. W. Me~ , the niasier -to' >Ie ridgls in :xeter :- "lt Gramde'hOfJune,,,, , - "lR gear ?aet,.-rmth ee teibleacu that must havA rchei Rglaud prior to this, concerxiii tha feirwl Lcs, of ife endpropsrty to shippin oss this cn, of *hidcb; em sor to "ay, we h3ve been victims, has, I fear, czginy accounty let you a ltat&of the greatest anxiety: . "Hosever, although in a very Weac and ,;retched conditiouC,;as' jon were assured' by report -that my liMe was pared, -it must have snared you in a measqre the anguiih of thuseatJilose sean and hsusbands ;vere no -tEonetely killed o drow6ed in the ill-fated Edina.: "Iei'ri now- preceed to give ouafnllsczountofaIfeir ful shipreck -bd loss of ife - with' t}.e sufferings and retched condition of the snivivo-s. o "We - sailed frmn , Newcastle, as avinsed,onthe28thof Bebz,6% 18, wiith a crew of eight per-sons (myself includea-] or Rio Grande. Nothing occured to impede the progreas of our veyago in the northern hemisphere, and witf -agr 'weather, by the 12th of May we had got as far south r 3LSO,' where we were sarpris'ed wvth a gale of wind from S,S.E., 'which occasioned ss to bringto nder a closereefed mainsail.-The gale continued to increase steadilv, and np to Tnursday the 15th had attained the-force of a hn cane,sta ferrific sea; tolwhichdate at noon we had not met withMdamnage.- Finding by the leid that vve had drifted into S1fathoms of water, it was deented expedient to set moroEl, 'for the purpose of keeping-t4 owindward. -As no observatieon had neen cbtained for soveral davs, the posii tion of the ship'was not'certain. Accordingl, the closereefed-topsa1 was 'being gob ready *hen, -at 1 o'clock pm.,-i hteavy- ground sea gathered to -windward, ancd sticck the bship with terrific violence, laying her on her bean^ds,- an4' -carrying away bowsprit,--foremast, cookhouse, boat's comtnnion, bulsearks, and stanchion5, fore and aft, wit everything on deck-making a clean sweep. The mainsail'was hicckced TO atoms, asd five mnen fell with the foremstwo of-wh on were killed-whose bodies becan' entargled in thefloating wreck, and wer seden no more; 4the remainder recovered the deckuninjured. The cook, poorold Andzawv- was-stessly jamnmed, his right-7g, ribs, and head wrez-broken. 3e was taken to the foreeastle, where he ramained in -his bed til he vas -drowned.- -From- the stanchions'being al broken off in the'covering boards.'the waterwas adiimittedfeely; and on account of tho weight of wreckIhangihg tothe hainMast and givingthe ship a strong list, ittwaas advisable to relieve her by cutting away the mamimast, which, after being severed with an axe, -fell. The ship nov righted, withE about fotr feet of water in the well nwith wich she was sodeep that the sea made a con.- tinul- breach fore and aft.' The covering-boards were secured' as well as practicable, atd the seamen were lashed to thdVumps. Theyendeavouredto- keep herafloat. -She must nowhave been 24 miles off the lasd. and dead ona lee shore. At about 4 o'clock p:m., the mate and second mate, while umnping, vere struck by a- heavy ground sea; their nsLs were broken, and the former, with a severe braise in the foot, was carried below in a state of Insensibility, The pumps were still plied by those who were uninjured; and at about 5 p.m. I received a severe blow on the right leg-by the chain cable, which' gave me excessive pain, bv the wousid being so washed by salt-water that I was compelled to abandon the deck and seek shelterwith the othersin the forecastle. 5.30. It became dark, and a miserable night we had to encounter. 9.30 p.m., It became evident, by_he heavy surf, that'the ship was fast nearing the shore. Ve had tried to clearwaway the bower cable-; but as it was capsized in the iocker, we had not strergth to do so. I had hoped to have been enabled to ride her, but had I done so, she would either have foundeted or flleda'with water, as the inainmast, by towing alongside with' the lee ngng, which could not be cut, had dragged out the chain bolts and beaten a hole through the stern.' The heavy ground sea began to pour on board-the pumps were abandoned-and the poor fellows, with death before their eyesso-eught shelter, with the disabled, in the forecastle, ibere,'they had not been but a few mcinates before she' struckr the groun She begannowtobeat violently-was thrown broadside to the beach, end heeled to seaward. Sea aftes sea commenced its wors of 'destrnctioai and tho water rose fast over the forecastle sheets that we had to retire, when 'Lord have mercynpon us ' was solemnly and devoutly responded to by all; and about 10.30 p.m. we leftour only shelterfor that of almoit certain destruction. Lashed to the paul-bit were five human beings-struggling for their very existence. The seas seemed to out-rivaL each other as thefell bodily over us, washing us repeatedly off our legs, and tearing our ship to pieces with awul violence.. I remainedwith the rest for about two hours, till my strength beganto giveway. By this time the decks had floated off amidships tbe3baast, or stumps rather, had floated out, andthe ship was-fast going to pieces. I resolved to try and-swim ashore. Acccordingly, Istripped myself of everything, said 'good bye'to my peor fellows, and pulnged from the paul-bit into the Loling surf. With a smalpieceof wood, which Ifound while swimming, I endea-oured to keep my head above water,'but the fimt sea kaceked me over and over, and my piee of wood was lost. However, inthe interval of another sea-I tecovered a larger and.better piece, which I held on. and by the aid of which I happily succeeded in touching the-bottom. I attempted to walk, but the under tow carried me again to seaward, and I had to swim away as fast as I could. Another sea sent me further in shore than before, and; -with the assistance of my piece of wood as a walLkngstick, stuck in the sand, I held on till tho waters had receded, and I found myself high and dry on a desolate beach without a house or habitation to shelter me. I hbd been in the-water 20 minrutes. I fell on my lneess and offered up a prayer'to the Almighty for my deliverance, and then retired to the back of a sand-hill for shelter, with which the coast aboAnds. I commenced with my hands to dig a hole in the sandi.where I laid myself I had not been there long before violent shivers came over me, and I was obliged to-look out forn better place. Iwent down on the beach with thehope of firiding something to cover my nakedness, but did not succe. I felt dreadfully cold. However,' I rolled up two hesi4ess flour barrels, built up a head to one with sand, andcrept into them, when the nails so tore my flesh that it was Witle great difficulty I could get out again. I again went to the beach, and there found a barrel much larger acd free of nails, with a head to it, and a cask of brandy most full, only, two bottles having been used, the spile of which I got ont with;myteeth, and had a good swig. I tried another, but from the spirit being above proof I could not swallow it, my mnouth and throat -were so- much: swollen..- However, it stopped the shivering, and I rolled away, my new cask-, got into it, and slept till daylight. I got out at break of day and went to the beach, which was 'closb by, in hopes of, fiding clothes, when a sorry scene presented itself. The gale'was still raging with fearful violence-the beach, as far- as -the eye could reach, was strewed with fragments of broken wreck-the ihip was reduced to a mere skeleton, and 'fobur poor souls were lashed in the same place, dre-ggmig out a miserable existence, the sea was washing over them head and eaTs, no assistance was near, and not the 'slightest hope of a rescue. I turned myself from the -scene, and -with stiffened limbs returned to' my comfortless sandhill with sadness. On my way -thither I foticl two pillows had come on shore.. I pulled off the- -covers, washed off the sand, and laid them to 'dry. In tlI-aean time I laid myseli down and fell asleep, under thekihflenceofthesun- about an hour Iawoke, with a severe smarting painal overmy body,andfound that ithad so scorched me that Iwas the same as if I had been whipped with-stingingnettles. 'My pillow slips were-now dry- Im;ade hols' for my head and arms and I put them on, which shelthered me against the weather. Beg winter here, it is considered very cold in the absence of tho sun. I had now been 2a hours without as much as a covering for my body. On the 16th, at 10 o'clock n.m., lashed to a piece of wreck. the maate, through hunger and thirst, comraitted, hiflhelf tothesurf. Afters severe strggle he happilysucceeded in gaining the shore, but in an exhausted condition. I ran down to him, but it was some time beforo he recognirea me; on board they all thought I was drowned. They had-teen nie on the beach in my nakedness, but concluded thgt-I-was a native. On his wa- to my snadhill he feli in wiffi tho brandy caslk, out of which he drank a little and revined. He soon found fresh water, of which the coast abounds, whiob, with a little brandy, gave us a grateful--beverage. Having two sbro-pi of drawers, and 'a pasr of trousers on, he pulled off his inside shirt and gave me, ,hich in addition to my pillowcases, made me a little more comfortable than before. Night coming on, we, as well as we could, prepared our habiration,- which consisted of aheadless water puncheon, a piece of tarpauline for a hea- and the cabin hair cushion cut in two; although wet it rsade a good bed. Huddiledtogethe.we passed a farmore comfortable night than before, and but for my sun-burnt pain I should have done very welL At- about daylight en the 17th the boy,'in consequence Of the -wind and-sea ha7ing abated, succeeded in walking ashore, and'aftes;beinv on the wreck for 33 hours, he reported that on the 16th, justisefore dark, Charles Hancock, in attenmpting a anding, owas drowned alongside, and that John iHles died during that night in a state of deiium, from cold, wet, hunger, anc exposure, making a total of five lost out' of eight. Hungry ard miserable, we. now -left this scene oi diesolation, and onward -we crippled with the hope of fmding some one to save us from starvation - abottle of brandy and one of water, with four -soaked and sanded biscuits, were all we collected from the stores of the ship, andon we walked following the shore till dark, without seeir g the vestige of an habitation. The mate with his toes 3ammed and ribs broken, smffered severely. W halted- at darlk on the sand, partook of a little brandy and water,- and huddled together we again spent a long, cold, and miserable night. Somne rai fell, -which rendered our situation truly' pitifl. WVewalked that day about -10 miles, and on the follawi'ng day we dicvered threemens advancing, who proved' tobe -Portuguese. To them we made our wanLts known, -and wart' trseate most kindly. The master took usto his fishne nlhu wnrer wO were sUpplied with coarse food, and we f4wlrecovered in eight days, so as to be-removed onto Rio Grande. In the mean time our benefactor took horse and with-any report rode 83 miles to Rio Grande, which he delivered-to tho consuL It wWs merely stating the wreck and livc3aved wvhich he forwarded toEngland. Thejourey oceipied si days, On his return he provided a waggon anct 14oxzen, and we were conveyed to Rio Grande, where,, after recceivig ever Ikndness on the road, we safely arrived. Ten ship were off the- barprior to tho gae, ad aU lost, The sa4fllco of human life was awfal. The ship was 2, toal vreck when wo left, beams, topsides, and-tovering. bods we-6&chEore, -and everything of zervice'knocked to pieces. Sh-Elies 100 miles north of this place. r "The following is a list of the eres who sailed with me ---James Iorrish, mate,- Starcross; Robert Alford, boP' E:xet.es, saved; Charlts HanUcoCk, 24, second mate Kenta - drowfned; John Haes,'^ 29, seama3n, -Teosham'" lii ro - ~ ~ ~ ~~~~-Extr-Richard' exoiAndrew Iffdge, 6S, -ieo, - Exeter; frdees "With 2u Topsham ; and James --, Dundee, dro*ssd " ihreference to those who mnet with such ann tumel end, I feel bound, in justice to theirmemory,d a casco ' lation to their bereaved. friends, tOreoark- that the whle of them, without an exception, conducd themselves witha' eteadiens, so AS tO gain' my entiro Spprotion Amoze; q iorrcepectable retof ycounganen neverwalked a shiV's of - ., "Poor ±rey = and JhnHaes yu knew, for ley D~er hpeuzs5ereieThelaitrporfele-n eos gMi oC t hF*iso^S-L E I ',Swf4,oCxta,Xhinwth ..,y , .:vw -.lir betb .. . ,r~ .f. jsw now left a wife and one child totaUy unprovided for. If by yonr interference you could in any way get a small sufa -raised by-subscription for her- -support- it would- beI great act of; chiti , as the por .ings e G;tireIX
I E FAI UU OF JUSTICE IXZ , -, . COR.NTFAl,.*. -. - TO THI EPITOR OF TEED IME. ir;,-n your paper of the 4th instJanyou have severely animaaterted. upon the 'condact of the jury at the Bodmin Assize on the trial of Jose George & 'Matthews. two of 'which prisoners Jose andl atthews: stood charged with- the ilful mnurder of .an infant child. Permit me to say Ir. -Bdito'r that Ithsinkc if you.hadbeei in thejuxry bi that' both your-lozic and sentiments -would he altogether very different froni t,hat whicb2appeared i> your paper of the 4th ofAugust ,.. * - The. case' under consideration wan perhaps as difficalt ' comnplicated: as ay. tha,t could come, before a jury, Arthe udgehimself evidently felt the intricacy of the cawe by his Taddress to us in the jury -box. Although 1 do notiprctend to'remtmber the exsctvwords of his Lordsbio yet I think I 'can'give the substance of- tto or three eliiiordshi?s Sentencss in his openillg address to the jury.. His Lord. wshipwould remind 'the jurythat theyhadad;nicult case beforethen a;nd that it vould requlretheir'ciln consideratio'n & best attention. He felt i6 hisduty to givo them .tSehbestinstructions he could inthisimportant & Criti6al Afair.. Here the leased:Judgespoke of ihei various 'it s;siessthatwould be brought before.us, and:particularly reinarkin upoh thew itness Bnrns (who was deeply inplicated in the foul afsir) that vre were to redev her Evidence with grest -Caution & Suspicion t.hat wfe wer- to deduce er gather from it what wre could receive or believe together ,witP the. other-evidences that wrould come before us s-b so doing'we'should be the better ahle to come to a proper deci. sion. - - ; 'Now Jose was a married man wno hadl deserted his wie. Matthews was h. widow -with .thrce childrexi.. An improper intimsacy commenced- between them- & they i subsequently Jived. together as man and wife. George & Burns 'a yoang couple about 19 lived togetherin the samo ,way and in the same house. Here it may not-be improper ,to r,emark- that they were. a bad lot dwelling underone 'roof. On-tEe 29th of March last a newlyborn female in'fint was found by a lad fishing in Pentilinick - pond near Trziro veapb in, a plie of clotk affaced to al argiost-one, by& ipiece of-cord, The child wsg brought.tot Truro, where the alam - soon' Spread, and Suspicion soon fell upon _14ttheows ' who positivelyr denied havingzny knowledge of the matter, but-'hein, examined bytwo medical gentlemen thsy gave io as their opinion that se had been' dlivered cf a,childwithin the lastthbree or-four days the result was that the whole of the parties-were examuned upon the matter Jose, Mattheis, George, & Burms, and (I believe) the whole of themi were committedto take their-trialt tBodmnin a*tthe ,,enssAng sizes. ,Nov Sir having heard the trial froni beginning tothe end -i am prepared -to say that I fully beUeve'tbat either ,ope o£ the four could have saved or have 'been the means of saving" the child's life independent of the other three. Burns (I believe) wuas lberated from trial for the purpose of becoming Queen's evidence. Now I wish dr.' Editor your readers to give their attention to the evidence of Burns. Burns in her evidence 'admitted 'hat the whole of her first depcsit!ons w7ere a tissue of fnls'e'soods. Nota very pretty impression to he made on the mnind of the jury in first ofstset, 'who, had, ncrhap$, learned in early life the table of the Shxeppherd Boy & the Wolf that a liar wastot-to eheelieved wrhen he spol-ethe trnth. Brnsstatedthatwhen she entered the room Matthews Was delivered of-a child vrhichwas lying on the floor & that Jose was supportig Matthews in her 'weak condition and that Jose called to George to come and issis't atthews'to her bed and that he cams andso asisted' her,'and when they had left the room Jose comnmenced. strangling the child by pushinghis finger or 'fluers down its throat, and this he continued to do for five minutes, and ahfn aterwards put water in an earthenware pan and 'o fiished it by drowning in the pan of water. This story copld not'be received by the jury without " great caution .& Suspicdonx" Suppose Jose to havehad a had intent towards the child even then Fe Should imagine he would Sym. pathize with Hatthews in her deplorable situation-and have assistedher.to their bed ioomi'himself. 'But suppose the account given by Burais be truae would it not. appear unac. cotmtably Strange that Jose shoula commence murdering the child in the resence of Burns 'but -suppose we admit the truth of itw t would the jury or any one else naturally infer from that statemnent-why.that if Jose really didcommence strangling the child in her presence, and she stand looking on with merely saying dont kill the child and then going about her work of preparing tea forMatthe'ws &c thenI thinlritmiusnake adeepimpressionuponany reffectinemind that the deadly'afair. was long premeditated by all the' parties concerned. Why did not Burns take up the child from the floor and wrap it in annel or something warm, & take care of it. Oh She'was too mnuch frightened She could not touch the child but she could work about the room & fit tea for Matthews, and make no kind of salhe from begining to end, and when she was asked -why sbe did not try to rescue the child from being murdered she said she was not so strong as a man. No, w.e do' not blieve she was as strong as a man, but we do believe she had a' tongae as strong as a man's tongne, for it sounded' pretty well in the witness-box, and if she had acted the patt of a woman as she seemed to be able to do in most other matters If she had resolutely said if you murder the child or attempt to injure it in any way I will make an alarm dnmediately, then in that case the awful tragedy would have been suspended, & the child's lfe would have been' spared. Now was it any wonder that the Judge should tell the jury to receive her' evidence with great caudior, a suspion. His Lordsbip's advice here' was' founded On the' uerest iinciples of justice advi^e as long as .I live I never expect. to forget. Then there is her paramour George he did not stand at the bar charged withthe murder but a1 believe) with being an. accesLory after the fact. In your paper of the4th inst. you seem totellyourreaders that George was in no way directly mixed up with the murder. No one 'would be more glad than I should be forhim or any ydung man to keep himself free from so foul a staini but would not his acts give great suspicion to .a thinking mind. BWe was it seems actively engagoed in not only prssc,ibinghbt in procuring a medicine for the purpose of destroying the life of the child before it was born and is there not room for -stuspicion that he mighthave been engaged in destroying the life of the child after it was born. And it appears clear enough that he participated in concealing the body after-the foul deed had been committed. f George was entirely innocent it must appear obvious that if he being in the house w;hen the child was lying onthe fioor might have insisted or the child being taken care of and so prevented any foul play the child's 'life would have been, spared and all the difficulties that have come upon them 'would have been avoided. Then there is Matthews the -mother of the child She most assuredly could have saved the child's life She weak & feeble as she miust have been iShe knew that her newly born infant 'was 'lying naked on ,the cold floor & though it was illigitimate yet she ought to have felt a mother's care And what if she had made a maternal and pathetic appeal & intreated them to take care -of her child wrap it. in something warm & bring to her Should we not think that with such an intreaty that the stoutest heart would have yielded & a bad intent be cast aside Then there is Jose who it is more than probable is the father of the child he evidently must have known that "'tatthews was pregnant and that he being housed with Matthews at the time of its birth mnst have manifested to saythe least of it Great carelessness in reference to the childs life It does appear clear by the testimony of theMedical Gentlemen that the child was born alive & healthy & it appeared from the same testimony that tho child came 'by 'its death by some fou play. And it also appears from the evidence of one of the neighbours of Matthews that the piece of cloth round the body of the child-when found in the pond had been worn by Matthews children and so there was no great difficulty in being satisfied that the child so found was the child recently born of Matthews. And Jose with all the others knew the child to be lying naked on the floor and from the careless manner in' which he allowed the child to come by its deathl justly entitles him w ithout any mnaterialL evidence of Bturns to a verdict of anslaughter. Many persons are too redulous incoming to a hasty conclusion upon the ef.denw of' one who has . asknowledged that she had given a deposition of lies. !If after a trial of nine hours 'without intermission the cuestion is asked who is the murdere- of the child No definite aswer ca possibly be given who, is the person that rnardered it, or whether it was murdered by one or. more, Burns saysthat Jose murdered the child but it mnst no be forgotten that it was not Jose but Georae that prescribed id procured the,. drug. to destroy' thee Lld before it was born. LXnd w,hat if he had participated in the murder after it was born would Burns saY a 'word ,ah9t thnat was not her chniefobect to screen herself and bet paramour as much as , If the jury then had brought in the capital Verdict and. fixed it upon any one person upon the testimony of one *ho could tell a lie with as much freedom as she could 'tell the trath and one so deeply & fouily, implicated in this disgraceful Business and we think & had reason to think that Burn's told a lie on her oath in the witness box & stuck to it, for when the Judge Said to. Matthews if She 'wishedtoaskBurnsany Questions. SheoMatthewsturned t!o Burns & with a feeble voice reminded 'her of that -part of her evidence relative to her leaving Matthews house+ 'Burnn Said Sheleft MEatthews house on Friday night but Mat. thews said She left her houso on Sunday morning 11 0 clock and reminded her of Some circumsttance conaneted *~ith- her leaving 'bnt BI3us_nsStoutly .dchiied :'it.' :b-ow Matthews Statement has been subsequently corroborated by her neighbours, 'who say that Burnis did not leave-aintill Sunday morning 110 clock Here we see the sagacity &. nile of Burns it was important that the public lould believe that she left the -day before- the child was found whereas' the truth is' She did not leave Matthews house until the day after itw Ws fouid' wh'en unqaestionably being_pprehensive of danger ahe left. 'here she was as wise as a SerDent but not quite as, harmless as'a, Dove. And perhaps Matthews stitement in a mom'ent. ; excitement anad surprise may 'e pretty near thetruth,of.the smatter When Matthows ws first chasged&.vith the miirdei of£er child she said I never touched or saw. it after I left' the room, and then added, 17iey' done it' bcficees dsenQ I say again that if the jury had fixed the capital verdict upon any one individual upon the testimon ofnesowor.hless as burns then indeed thevardict would haye been a Scanda. Ius verdict &-the conduct of the jury,' Yould hbiv6 beebn higy reprehensible; nor would have beeanlcss scaindaloTus to RhaVe brought in a verdict, of acquital because,,the jury' were convinced that the whole- of the piarties were-verily. guilt,of seme f'oul7work Aid we tbould have found no diffcity in bg ngi5 g in a vedic-t againWt.Bunrs Weavitsiess :hu she -been at, the bar of beiisg an acceseorjyafter the fact if the evidence ofeanother bad been the same as thati of her, self., -You say in your paper. That Bazon ltMrin did jnot shlinkfrom his duty. 'Baron Martn I would reply is An excellentJTdge, Upiversay Ainiredbythe jury f'I would adisd8 xn evea y (i my opinion) woitv tbehigh andimn. porhtanpdeition which he sustains asa Judge, There was Pno drteent e of oponion between the Jud and thI ; as 'to.tbe .£qupe,3s. d ciiner., ~ c i ott-d or ;as to the.,-factof th crime . -lut . -ib Juge. mnight .for ough } rinw.hba,i tw n OradCit' to t w.~d4ao e .( 'Bjrn ta tajTir jury had ROu 60W'hye G itif- E o o e. j w i l i a D a i" ^ f O i l > 7 , , *:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~_ h t - 1t i evidence hut doesit~foUlow of i ead tya thct - izmast tae.hs ean*,sh.yd d Se to smc vevr' esthoJude in eVerf pCidemr and cititl nominM.th_ng d the trls juryzha farce. -lam wzaq-te A' ellv6 Lf^uczastlgaifi or; ca : i lunny come from the Judgdto the'jlurv as that which appeared in your collumns of Minday last and the leasb the jury will epect from you is an apology as widely circulated tas Jhe-camlywhich you t4save casb upon us-intho d1.scbarg6- of 2n iu4ortzat duty;' And we thinkunder.l .. e, complicted circuxustances connected with the:case that .q jouryin England could hawve brought in Verdicts miore. 2st tban those delivered, in tho cloeing trnal of tfeAssizetat ±scdmin on- Thuredy ibe -3Ist July and we thinskthlat-we fiavo done justice on the one part to oulr Soveriga Lady the Iueen and th country and -ont theoc%her par we have done I ,pstice to-the prisoners-who, wvere at the bar -. - , . - a -I an SitYonrz Resoead ........... :. - ; - L JUROR.. 1-i -I !&-vt 9.56. - ,
I ZSOLVENT DEBTOAT COV2kT, Aguzi 13. Mao. iCommissioner. MuRpn r took a sUaber of afplica-: tiois for bail, andafterwards heard motions. - F IN JRE TROMAS W. 3. 0'lEEEZ. Thisinsolver,t, who, jointly with a-person named Ghislin, had mnanaed Miss Emma Stanley's "Seven Ages of Woman," was opposed by Mr. Xded for a Mr. Moore, anupholsterer; creditorstamed Foullkei and Siimmoadst ap pear~ed inL person; Mr. Dowse supported. There was a loiginoyiry on the Iart.of MrMO,ioote, who bad supplied. carpets, &c., for- the ciltertainyhrent. Be arrested Chislin and the insolvent at Liverpool' on a judge's order, as aLso Miss Stanley. The nmoney' wvas mad into' court, and returned, on the i5idgebetgW satisfied that the paties did not ntend to leave the country. The insolvent' said,he -was to have six months' credit, ;d he had offered to return the articles to Moore, bu they were refuse Ghism had peittioned under the Protection Act and pt of the articles were detained by his Iandlord for hoard and lod- g. '!r. Commissioner MouRPn was of opirfion that there was no vexatious defence at the instancde of Moore, who had brought an action and that the gocds were supplied in the way of trade, looting to the success of the entertaianment Mdr. Foulkes had discounted a bill for 751., and tookan order, the insolvent saying his wife had sitled I0. a-year, -an allegation which was denied. He had 501. a-year fro her, and 1502. when he had two sons.'' It appeared that the insolvent ivas indicted at the Old Bailey ly a Miss East, from whom he had 500. He had paid her 1001., and was now paying her 201. a-year on a warrant of attorney. Mr. Commissioner Munpuw ordered a better description, on the opposition of Mr. Sin rondsi and told the insolvent if he did not settle vith Mr. Foulkes he would receive a . judgment. Adjourned to the 19th of Septembter, and bailI enlarged.
sUMMER iASZES. -Homm U'RIRrnJnx P-rTtT-".n%llT. A I. I(Bcfore thiOB,uos and S.pcciaf Juries.) THE GREAT cORTHEER RAILWAY COMPA2N V. DIETHI. This action was brought by'the plAintiffs torecover a sum of money for interest, and for gas used by the defendant at thd refreshment zooms and the hot occupied by him at the station at Ring's-crorr. '. - ' Mr. Bovill, Q.C., and 3Mr. Clerk were counsel for the plaintiffs; .Mr. E. James, qC., and Mfr. Hly-man peared for the defendalt. The defendant~ who is.alFenchnnan, it appeazcd, 3leld the hotel at the terminus at King's-cross, and the refiesh. ment rooms at. the.station, under a leice grantedbythe plintiffs, and by-the terms of the leasd he Was to pay no rent the first year, and he was then to eoMnence paying a rent of 1,5001. per annum, which was to go on increasing 50Z. a-year until it reached 2,5001. *The company had also; it appeared, laid out a very considerable sum 9f. money inaltering the !arrangement*of the premises and in build. ing stables .a lasindy ac&., for Awli6h liffy were to receive 6 per cent. nspons the outlay.. Some3nmisutnderafandin" ho*ever, appeared to have arisen between the pazties as to the terms of the lease, and the present action -was the. resu,tlt. The CxuEs Busos', at the close of the opening speech of t he learned counsel for the plaintiffs, excpressedX his pplnion that the case was ,one thatPcould be much. more satisfactorily disposed of out of court and, after some consul-; tation, the counsel ont oth sides consented to a reference. Of the four remaining special jury cases in this day's list one was, by agreement, turned into a special case;* in another the venue was changed to liddlesex, and the remain. iDn two were referred. - . ,. Justice I eRri disposed of a great many eommon jury causes, none of which were of any interest to the public; i indeed', the greater part of them were either referred or un-' |defended cases.
NORTHERN CIRCIT. I - LVERI?OOL AVGuST 13. tIIVIL hIDE.-tBefore Air. Baron BR A.E .rATTRAss.V. YEONMAX. This was an action for a breach of-promise of marriage. The defendant pleaded that he did not promise, that the plaintiff was not read toyina siy , and that thepromise ad been rescinded.. To the last plea the plaintiff replied, assigning a subsequent promise. hir. Ser4ent Wilkins and Mr. Monk appeared for the plaintiff; Ar. Simpson for the defendant. The learned SsRsJEAT,inopeningthecase, said,-theplEintiffwass a young woman of unimpeachable character,'who brought her action for the breach of a most important contract to her, and he thought the opinion of the jury would be that the defendant's conduct to her had been both ummanly and heartless. The plaintiff was 25 vears of -ge, and ra aSthe daughter of a miner liviag near Durhan. In 1852 she went to live as housemaid with a surgeon namsed- Lamb, who'resided at Middleham, in the North Ridinz of Yorkshire, and -while there, ehe attracted the attenti6n of the defendant, who is a butcher at Middlehani; posessed of somae freehlold property, and carrying-on afarm as wellas his trade of butcher. Tlhe kcquintance, having continued for some tIme, ended in the defendant giving to the plaintiffa formal written promise, as follows :- , "July l5, 1852.-I, PeterYeoman, promiseto have Sarah lWattrass for my wife." Thifpiaper the defendent gave to the plaintiff, and the engagement was continued until the autumn of 1853, when the-plainDtiff fancied that the 'defendaat was payiDg atten: tion to another person. She upbraicded him wvith his conduct, and in consequence, for a time, the courtship was broken off ana he' (the leained serjaent) supposed that the defendant relied on that. in suppjort of his plea that the contract was rescinded. 'The defendant, however, would not let the plaintiff rest, and in the month of December, in that year, he met her again, and :induced a mutual friend named Sale, an attorneoys clerk, -to -bring about a reconciliation, and alter that the ourtsipp :was renewed, and continued until the end of the year 1855,-the defendant writing. many letters'to the plaintiff, in which he addressed her- as his " De-ar, love," and Eigned biniself " Youir tine lover." In oneor these letters the defendant said- i- I hope you. have cbimeto a conclusion in your mind as to me, and that we may go together yet." In another of these letters, dat-ed the 23d of Febsuary, 1855, the, defendant -wrote, "I -look forward -to that bright- -and happy day. wheis we shall be joined- together. - Mother sends- her- kind -love- to 'on, and willb gla1d toh%veybuag'ad4ghtbr, assh6iiever lad a daughter.? This corresponnce went on until, two m-onts Wefro the ie whnhe defendant mar.ied another The facts opened were provecl bythe 3utuslfniend, Henry Sale, an attorney's clerk, who wis called-as a witness,- andproved that the defendihtthid- made-hirn --his cotfi-dential-friend,-aild fid_fold'him taf "he had taken a fancy-to Sarah l-attrass."- 'He also proved having brought about the reconciliation, tht' t-he defendant-hung sp % ;-hotographhIIeneCsA P tbh plaintiff over his - jhimneypiees, and-that afterthis tihe tha defendanthiadwished t'neplaintffo zn2ake.up her mind and marry-hm a5 m oon as rossible. ltwas then prrved that the dWfendant bid inherited aiilt fyeehold property -and had since:inaniea notherji eron. The Snteftigenceof his mariagehaaeoiyinjud the g1aliinsfl ohealeh . , ; t O *, Mr. SnrsoN then addressed the ju'ur in miigation of damages,-Ugge4ing that there were c a on the defeudant's OStt% .d that 'the ptIffJi nst sffered any with her. These actionswere oftee' very silly, ana rey didnrotile~niaidserious damages. Ifama nia~ d toxawoman {cIlik YuI believe youL wil miake 3rie a mood -wife, anid MN, zk.i band d t be i'a~aridwif, ard t 6nta~Ai jt ~ay aree tuokn eff, it might be that the worn aM5eda Fubstattiat low. - b if the inn afterwards-went to- her and saic for sQFIe ;easo n; or jter,I have che dth .mifid,,I:ffld I: dowi ". 0_o ,ard- I, ot YOUw 4k.k3nie& 20a0dIf eothat'Is lfriak you a ,go6& hucbiand,' but Iwill 3riaxr yu-still, if -yoix like," the4; in a t,c the wo nliadsuffJeaio dImage . pzo. bablyhevivouia say, ctiidit agei, 'I won't =Sna you.B!ilt.ppse.e s ; hs wid but- thii is jgreat bore4 verybody ykows lam " P you. :a1 nSade s fool,of;:.ard, shall be laugh ;-vou must m s da zor. breakini your promia.>" t]en ,the n'. ansv kwould be, hq; I-don't -y ounfor. b etriMy prnse,r-,utfor! byin gm,adei,. Aowmuchxm st pay you fort that-wht d,arnsesnriat.lgive 'joubeceaietnzm the ageem,snt wi'h yotti1 are doRleli The jury mot take all t21 e ilrnitarihoes into their-coi~isideafion, aridiveucl damasges ag-they thoughtresonable aid zight.' :- the ry aftger hsort q -nsieraton, f,ound averdiet £for
MILITABY bud NA VAL -INTELLIGIRCR. TBe Lords of tho ea yacht Osborne Mager Commander G. H. K. Bowr, were at Glengarifi on the i O instW 'They had thema visited Alderney, Choiboury, Jersey, Plymouth, Qneeistown, Berebaveni and Glengiriff; they' were to leave on Monday for Queenstom; and leave there,aout the end of the weekfor Kingstown. Siz Charles Woo, the First Lord, sand family left the Osborne on Sun-. aay -morning for the Lakes of Kilarney, and wvas to rejoin the vessel at Qucenatowan yesterday, wlhere the RBoaMi intended to give a dinner to the heads of ieprtments, ac. The Osborne took Her- Majesty's ship Duke of Wellington, 130 (Rear-A^dmniral the :on. Sir R. S. Dundas), and Conqueror, 101, and a varity of gunboats nith her from Queenstowmnto o-Ieugarsif and' :tzied rate of steaming; Osborne took the lead and kept it, the Conqueror beating the Dake,' after a four houis' trial, at about the rate of a mile an hour. The squadron that accompanied the Admiraty were at anchor at Berehaven on Sunday, and -were to leave on Monday fcr Quehnstown. The stemtransport Paci£ic, No. 8, Captnt W. C. Thompson, having been're-engaged by the Admiralty, emlark-ed at Portsmouth yesterday 750 men of the 95th Rhei.' menat and left for Dublin. ' i The steam-transport Istambout embarked the .3d Regiment at Portsmouth yesterday, and left -with them for Ire. land. Captain Robinson, of the Royal George, 101, will commission the Ajax, 60, screw blockahip, and command the stem fleet in reserve at Plymouth. Captain George St. Vincent Sing, C.B., of Her Majesty's ship St. Jean d&Aere, will be the .Aid-de-Cramp to the Queen on the vacancy caused by the promotion of Lord George Paulet. ehe Government steanitugs Pigmy, Sprightly, and Comet' rrived in Southampton docks yesterday morning from Cowes, with 360 men of the 4th and 77th Regiments, under the'command of Major Carden and Caplain Cocks. As soon as the men were landed they marchedto the South Western railway and proceeded by special train to Aldershott. A detachmcnt of the Royal Marine light Infantry, consisting of two sergeants, five corporals, and 104 rank and file, under the command of Captain C. J. Ellis with ieutenant J. F. Hawkey and Lieutenant T. G. S. Meheux, arrived at Chatham yesterday from Woolwich, where they have been stationed to perform garrison and dockyard duty. Yesterday afteznoon the whole of the Royal Sappers and Mdiners at their head-qnarters, Chatsam, proceeded to their pratice-ground, near Chatham lines, for the purpose of makig the necessarypreparations andcommencing the con struction of the field-works for the grand revies* and siege operations which are shortly to take place at Chatham on an extended scale. An interesting ceremony was witnessed at the Marine Barracks, Chatham, yesterday morning-that of the pre. sentation of the cross of the legion of Honour, which had be<a awarded by the Emperor of the French to Major G. B. Rodney, and Captain D. Blyth, of the Chatham division, for distinguished conduct during the late war. Major Rodney and Captain Blyth, are the only offieers of the i Chatham division of Royal Marines, who have been decorated with this honour. The Royal George, 102, screw steam ship, Captain Robert S. Robinson, arrived at Sheerness yesterday at 9 n.m. from the Black Sea, last from Portsmouth. She has taken up harbour moorings preparatory to her being stripped andpaid off. It is not yet known whether she is to placed in the first-class steam reserve-retaming all her old stowage with shot cables. Ac., or to bethoroughlystripped and return nll stores. On her passage home she put into Brest for coals. The French authorities received the officers most cordially, throwingall their clubs and public places of amusement open to them, and expressed their siacere regret that their short stay prevented them from giving them sucs a reception as they could have desired, they having anticipated the pleasure of inviting them to a ball, at which the principal persons of Brest would have been present. The gallant Colonel Waddy, and the officers of the 50th Regiment, with the officers of the S0th Regimeant, participated in the hospitality of ournobleallies. Captain Robinson, immediately after the ship was coaled, carried out his instructions by making the best of his way to Portsmouth to land the troops who had been committed to his care. The greatest cordiality prevailed on the passage home between the 82d Rogiment and the first wing of the 50th, and the officers- of the Royal George. On their arrival at Portsmouth the officers of the two regiments entertained the officers of the Royal George at dinner at the Portland Hotel, where great hilarity and good humour prevailed between the officers of the two services. On the troops disembarking their bands played their most favourite airs, and on leaving the ship they gave three hearty cheers, which were responded to by the officers, sailors, and marines of the Royal George. To the credit of sailors and soldiers, in a ship fdled with troops, the greatest harmony existed between them, and they each vied with the other to make themselves and others happy as far as space would allow them. The middle deck was appropriated to the troops the ships company occnpying the other decks, the spacious wardroom giving dining accommodation for 50 officers. The Royal George has steamed 5,600 miles at an average consumption of 36 tons of coals per 24 hours, giving an average speed of 7*5 knots per hour, her engines making 50 revolutions per minute, with an average pressure of i1Ib. on the square inch, the engines working expansively. The present condition of the machinery is such that she could, if required, be readyifor sea in 24 hours. The Banshee, 2, paddlewheel steam vessel, LieutenantCommander John W. Pike, fzom the Mediterranean (last from Portsmouth) passed the -ore at 9 a.m. yesterday having been signalled from Sheerness to proceed to Woolj wich. Captain GlanviUe's company, Royal Artillery, under command, pro. tems., of Major Burt, Was yesterday engaged at Sheerness at shell target practice. The target was placed out towards the lTore-1,500 yards distant-and such was the precision of firing, that every shell burst immediately over the target, few of them either varied to the right or left. Great praise is due to the non-commissioned officers for their constant attention in training the newly-raised men under their instruction. .The Colonel-Commandant, P. V. England, yesterday on parade presented to Corporal James Heath, of the 2d Company of the 12th Battalion,-and Bombardier William Todd, of the 8th Company of the 11th Battalion, the medal and riband of the order of the French Legion of Honour, for their distinguished conduct before the enemy during the late war. Thegallant colonel addressed them appropriately' on the presentation, with which the brave fellows seemed deeply impressed. The 13th Dight Dragoons have received a letter of readiness for immnediate departure from Cork, it is understood, to Cahir. -The 99th expect to be made up to their full strength (1200 rank and file) by volunteers from the line. 700 are wanted to make up the strength of the regiment. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Commander F. A. Cadlip, to the Fisgatrd; Daniel IPD. :ago, master, to the A giers; Georg Appleton, pay master, to the Centaur; William T. Wilson, surgeon, to the secate; Thomas Beaumont, acting-assisant surgeon, to the ESiren; A. Jacob, midshipman, to the Princess Royal T 8t1=A. Trhe 8Tth Sonth Co-k Light Infantry militia was disem bodied on Monday. The regiment assembled on parade in the barracks, Colonel the Bon. Henry Boyle Bernard, Major Luac Captain TuCkey, Adjutant- Captains Shuldham, Bye, 'Iles, Bowen, Somervile, Sir James Cotter, and, and other officers were present. Tne 'Hon. Colonel Bernard addressed them. He stated that in compliance with orders received, the regiment would be then disembodied; they would be called together for trainingithea sin", but should their services be tequired tooner by er L3ijesty he knew they would immediately assemble, and, as on a former occasioD, volunteer to serve their country at home or abroad. Each man received 14' days' pay in addition to Ids. bounty. The 'men were allowed to retain their fatigue dress, and were given ld. Per mile travelling expenses, A considerable number of them zoturned on endsy to Dublin, Ior7don, Liverpool, andhManchser.
TE OLD- EpiscopAL STORY.-A paragraph in 'M7e Times, headed " WiDs," commences with The fol1owimg specification:-" The will of the Right 3Iev. the Lord Bish2p of Glocester and Bristol was sworn under 140,0001."The Bishop' -will was very properly placed a; the heza of the list, which includes 14 others, whereof the nearest in point of figures to that of the Prelate faDls short of it by Z5,0001. lNe Bishop is first of the opulent testators -the rest are nowhere compawatively. See what it 1S to hare run a good race. Here is an example cf departed worth for you. To have died worth not much Lcs than 140,000.- the bishop must have had a saving faith, whatever Cardinal Wiseman may say to the contrary. lsnt is more, he must bave acted conscientiously up tq t- Some bitter Dissenters will probably compare the wFealth of the defunct prelate with apostolical poveriy. The comparison will be not only odious, but old. It occurs to the cornmon mind every time that a.bishop?s circumstances are mentioned, Why keep reating it? It has,no effect- it =ever will have any effect. lhe inconsistency at wbich it points is a huism. We a ,D know that; since we rall Inow. that we all ignore. thatj and when we are told of that we Vey properly yawn. Bishops will go on to the end of the haptr, lno matkervhat the chapter says, andit is uiteiight 1hfat they should go on, -preaching selfUdevial and accumnlating wealth, universally UXspcted in good society. Don't, trik of humbug. It has been said before, over,eand over, nnd over again. It isn't humbug. The vd3wi of SS. Peter nd Panl might have been safely swornun der 140,000l.; at lesat, if s,wearing was customar in the Primitive Church; and if ;s bishop of the British religion has accumulated 140,0C01., is not the fact int .Trict accecrdance with his (Ls rvllIanld) Te3tamenT t9-Penck.l
THE- .ATAZ COLLIERY 1 IOr . .I .I ~ WALBS Z&-I.. . r PONTYPRIDD, AuousT 13. The examinatio'of the medi injuLredhby this frightful ex- Lcsin was proceeded with7esterday after the adiournment. & otwnthstarding that it is now some weeks. since the catastro he occurred, some of the poor meen presnted a fright snectacie. One poorboy, named William-David; who bad bien takon up in a stiatof asphyxia, was'so ill ana weak when he appeared before the Coroner that he was-imnediately discharged. He had been taken home insensible, and remained in a stateof partil insensibility for nine days. His memory was ao impaired that it was impossible to obtain any connected stateement from him.-- The nest vitness, William Davis, was also frightfully burnt in his legs, arms, and hea& He was exaimied by'r. Miles, one of the jurymen, Ln Welsh, and, after seatingthe main facts of the explosion, as already given, corroborated tho statement of the previous witness ttthe fire came from the far end of the colliery, and not from Arthur's-dip. He was one of the men -who had gonewith Wiiani Jones into the heading to get plates. The witness then gave some general evidence as to the supply of air in the mine, having worked in several headings, stating that it was] very baid in tho Windwayheading for some time, and in Griffith Williams's-heading it was uretty good, but there was a little fire damp on the top. -He also corroborated the evidence of the last witness as to the signals used by the firemen to indicate the existence of fire damp. He was quite positive that every time he went through the door of the heading while fetching the plates shut it; nor had he eeen any of the other dOors in the mine left open, except for a moment for a person togo through. InTross-examination by Mr. Owen the witne-s stated that occasionally the frOnsan's marks were omitted in the I-heading, hu not in the stall. When the air was bad he knewF that tie gas would acculmulate very rapidly in the [heading-in the course of a fewv minutes-an! heiad ohserved that on some occasions in-the Windway-beading the cap ovef the candle burnt with z blue fame, which was indicative of the presence of a good deal of gas, but he hal not complained to the overmen,because he knew there could be no air there, as he' had just commenced driving the heading. Thetcould not get air until they had divenit a certain lensgth. As soon as they could force the heading ori they obtained air. If they had made the heading wide enough they might have driven the air in by means of a brattice. They worked day and night until they got the air. - Mr. Jabez Thomas having been recalled, was examincO by Mr. Pouldon. He said that he had never complainedi that Mr. Hay had interfered too much in the undergroundmanagement of theopit; he did not donsider Mr. Grey an underground agent, but recollected that gentleman once telling him that be thought the air was rather dull in the far end of thu pit, and that, in his opinion, the upcast shaft wras too smalL. Mr. Hay, in common -with others, recommended that a commu3nication should be made betwveen the old and new pit, but- they are not near enough yet to make that commumeation. He would not swear that Mr. Grey had told him that the collrers had recommended him -not to raise his light too high, because there was fire-damp in some of the headings. Cross-examined' by Mr. Owen. -As far as employing the mnen was concerned I have control over the underground department. I cannot tell how long after making the statemen. that the brattico was too small Mr. Hay left. Nothingwas done to the brattice, because there was no room. It might have been possiblo to have made some alteration in the up-cast shaft, but at that time they had another and better plan under consideration. That plan has not yet been carried out, the works not being sufficiently advanced. I recollect the strike of 1854, which was occasioned by my giving notice to two firemen; they were good firemen. I have no doubt that the men generally had confidence in them, but I had private reasons for discharging. them. 1 would not tell my reasons then, and will not now. Two other firemen were appointed, and there was a stand out. I have no doubt that the men wanted the two old firemen back again. They would not go to work unless I took Roland Thomas Rowland, who was one of the new firemen, out of the colliery. The other man was Morgan Richards. I will not deny that they wanted the old firemen reinstated. They remained out until about the 15th of March. Before that time the colliers had a voice in the appointment of the firemen, and I believe i offered them the same privilege afterwards.. I think I gave the men the option to take firemen from among themselves, but they would have Rowland to be discharged. I did not employ the men that they wished, nor recollect that the men came to me and told me that they had no objection to work with Rowland as a collier but not as a firemam Morgan Richards left about ight or nine months ago. He told me that there was fire or foul air in the old workings before he left. It was a disputed point between the two firemen whether it was in John Qemawr s heading or in the old workings, and Mr. Hay was sent down to inspect it and make a report. Morgan Richards said tha if I would not believe him he would never go down the pit again, and he left four days before Mr. Hlay's report. Richards might have said that one of these days we should find out whether there was fire there or not. Morgan Richards and Rowland, the other fireman, foughit in the office about it, and I laid hold of lorgan Richards and turned him out of the office. Morgan Richards was one of the first men down after the explosion and assisted in getting the men out, until he fell down in. sensible himself. The breaksman might say that the first question which - I asked; after hearng the explosion sa "Howmanyhorseswero down' butIdont recollect being remonstrated with on being so hard hearted as to inquire about the horses at such a time. Roland Thomas Row and has since been discharged, but not becausehe complained of the firemen. Since the explosion I have seen Thomas Rowland and asked him how Morgan Richards was appoited, whether by the recommendation of the men or not, or whether it was by himself. I hadnot myself read, or caused the rules of themine to be read over tothe corier; hut gavethem to the overman to distribute among the men. Morgan Richardses brotner said that Morgan Richards would return to the mine if he were allowed to do so. He has been down the mine since the explosion, and, in the presence of eight or nine persons, pointed out the place where he said the fire was, which haa been waUed up. He tapped that place, and found a large qpantity of fire there. I cannot say whether it was as muck as 100 yards or not. That was in John CQemaw3's heading. I do not know whether any men worked in John Cemawf's heading since the firemen reported that there was fire in it, nor am 1 aware that either of the inspectors; Mr. Evans, or Mr. Mackworth drew myattention to the had ventilation of the pit. The Court rose at 7 o'clock, and assembled again this morning at 11 o'clock, when the cross-examination of the witness was continued as follows :-I believe that Mr. Mackworth, the former inspector, made some complaints to the overman with respect to the ventilation of the pit. He said there were too many doors on the level-hea.ding, and that a communication ought to be made between John Csemawr and the South Wales-headings. Those 2aterations were made as soon as possible. I don't know that Mr. Mackworth said the air courses were too small. When the men refused to go to work under the new fireman they demanded their discharge, and it was granted by me as soon' as I was oderedymy employer. I don't recollect when, or that they brought actions agaamst Mr. Insole. It is the custom for the men to give a fortnight's notice. I had no wish toprevent their obtaining emplovment elsewhere. By Mr. MMahon.-The men never complained to me of want of air in the colliery. By the Jury.-Irecollect that at the time of the strike the men asked me if they should appoint the firemen themselves, and I said I should be quite willing for them to do so if they would allow me to retain Roland Thomas Rowland. I intended to retain Rowland as an overman. I did not tell them that, but only asked that I should keep him in the colliery. By Mrx. Mackworth.-I recollect the explosion at the Middle Dnff'ermn Coliery four years ago, but don't remember seeing a letter written by You to Mr. Insole with regard to the state of the Cymmer Coliery, or any printed copies of a report made by the inspectoss the printed rules were not framed in consequence of such a report, but from a strike having taken place. I was told that a copy of the rules could not be found in September last year on the occasion of an inquest being held on some men Idlled by an explosion in the new pit; the English part was torn off, and the Welsh only remained. I don't know that a large number of deaths in collieries have been caused by the brattices being blown out. The suggestion made by Mr. Eay and MIr. Gray for remedying the brattice in the old pit was to connect the two pits by a level, but it has not yet been decided how that communication should be made. I made a prvision at the time of sinking the new pit for facilitating such a communication, but 'it was not then thoroughly decided that sueb a communication should be made. It is not part of my duty to examine tho plan. No one told me that you had drawn air couses on the plan. Roland Thomas Rowland did not tell me the quantity of air that you said would be required in the colliery, nor have I any knowledge of letter written by you on that subiect. I have no recollection of the clerk saying that you:ecommended me to get a copy of the new act of Parliament. The Coroner expressed his surprise that the witness who as manager of a colliery had most important duties devolving upon him, should nave no recollection of such important matters as those referred to by Mir. Mackworth. Examination resumed.-I do not know who drew up the existing rules, nor where they came from. I read over some amended rules with Mr. Isole in January last. They had been sent down by the Secretary of State. I doent know it was that your cautions were not-incorporated in the present rules. By Mr. M'Mahon.-The communication between John Ciemawes and the South Wales-heading had been made before the inquest in September, 1855. By the Coroener-The only fireman who complained to me of gas in the mine was Mlorgan Richards. The overman never complained about it,- nor did Roland Thomas Rowland, who was overmnan -before Rowland Rowlands. I believe there is no reference in the rules at present in foroe to safety lamps. In that respect they differ from those of other collierien The clauses also with regard to gas And fire-damp are omitted in ours. Mr. AM'ahon explained that the first, general, the firt special, and the 18th,lSth, and24th rules referred to tho prevention of the accumulation of noxious gases, and some discussion took place on the subject, which ended in the last question and answer of tho witness being struck out of the coroner's depositions,'as not being legal evidence. Mr. David Gray deposed,-Iwas employed in the Cymnier CoUliery from the end of Janaryto the 11th of July. iyduty was to atteiid to the office: work acnd occasionally to descend the pit to meamre the workings and heading; shd to take account of the underground headwork. I -had no control whatever over any of the men. I -was engaged 'by Mr. Thomas, who- told me vhen he e[gaged methat the greatest thing he had against Mr.n Hay6wi, thar he interOeed too much wi:th- his (Mr. ThomcaPs's) business as roatsger of the' Ynine. :I ieftqthe eiploymeatt of Mr' lidole for X situation on the laiesec Co)liery, -which ,waM betteraditedWm rny ¢aabilities I had o,k to do With the veaitiafox} and took-nui notice-of hit- but e±'Io-ocot saying that the upcs shalt wasL much too ainall to give the asn cassary quantity of air reouired in so axtensive a colliery as that of Cymmer. I expreAsed that opinion to Mr. Thomnas. I aLso told him tha The air was not verj good in the far end of the workirgs. When I went down. fdathtth i was ihot pure after it bad. traver-sed the oknstigto mnuch mixed, 'with gas to pa proj)~rlyevrtefna.I -tbourht there was not enough air cbmigdw hsa an&l tha;t, in fact; - there - was not sfiin osPi h colliery. That observation applied toalprtofhecdry I- did not tell that to Mr. Thomas butl ugse obst drive from one pitto the other, and, mak h 1T h p cast and the new one ths downcast an' t u aodyn tiiatmng furnace at the bottom Of the old i. intcn sider.tnat vein a ve,ry fiery einj 'but 1rmme on into the main headisg 3not.e titc,adteclir el roe not to rais the candl tooihas. therewsfiedm therea, and t-here mgtb nep6in The witnesaws tiudres intcwbe heaju mient. took place.
I ROYAL SUBRBPY A GARD S. I. Tho attendance last night kva the largest since the inauguration week, and apparently the most musical. This, however, was not surprsing, smnce the concert was one, of urnnsal excelence, ancl the whole of the first part was devoted to compositions by Mlendelsohn, whose namo for the Englisih public generally 1has no rival in attractiot, except that of HCdel It would seemo that in a garden and in a theatre the spell is aiike. Mendelssobais niusic, though refined sad poetical in the highest degree, exercises a strong influence over the crowd, which with reasoning minds must be as convincing a pr6of of its kenialiti mid intrinsio worth as those more special qualities which have obtained for it. the. admiration of musicians. At any rate, we are glad to see L Jnllien punsning the sa.me policy at the Surrey-gardens adih cihas met with such legitimate success an every one of his cispontie enterprises; and it is equally gratifying to find in one district as m the other a public eager to support and able to apprediate what is healthy and gcod. The selection from Mendelssohn's works was maae with great judgment. Itwasnotabittoo long, and yet comprised a rare variety of pieces-all, withouteixception, beautiful and masterly. The overture in C major, written for a military band, which began the concert, was played for the first time before a London audience. It is a spirited andcharming work, and everywhere bears the familiar stamp of its composer. It was, moreover, capitally executed; bht abthe same timn wethink the stringed basses (which are hot in the score) added heaviness, ratner than force to the effect. IL Jullien'r "'model band" would. ave sufficed without annexations. Of the symphony in A imajor (the "Italian"}-given entire, and with rematkable correctness and- precision-it is unnecessary to say morw thanthatitwas listened to by the enormous assembly with undeviating attention, and applauded in a manner which proved how heartily it had been enjoyed. The first movement of the quintet in A for stringed instrunnents (performed by LML Kettents, Sighicelli, Schreurs Vieuxtemps, and anothergentleman not named in the bills$ was an experiment, which, considering the vast dimensions of the music-hall, must be prononmced wonderfully successful.. Nevertheless, a pianoforte 6r violin concerto, with accompaniments for the orchestra, would, we think, have been better in place, and-nore likely to be understood, than such exclusive "Mss di cmera asthistranquilandmelo- dious quintet-one of the works, by the way, inwhich Mendel. Esahn ea-liest declared the independence and originality of his style. The chorus were employed upon twq of the most tuneful of the part-songs-' 0 hills, 0 vales," and IThe Vale of Rest."-both of which were well sung, under the direction of Chornsmaster Land, and the first encored. We recommend for the future that the orchestra should give the chord at thetermination of each verse in thesepart-songs, in order to preventthe voices dropping tow ards the end-which they did last night in 'oth instances more than a semitone. This would be preferable even to the association of a bas. seen or violoncello with the basses-an expedient frequently resorted to. The Mendelssohn selection came to a close with the magnificent Jinale to the unfinished opera of Lordy, which was executed with great spirit-Madame Radersdorff singig, in a very artistic style, the music of the devoted brie of the Rbine. After this performance the applause was enthusiastic. We understand that, in consequence of the success of the present essay, there will be another "Mendelssohn night" on Wednesday next. The features of the second part were the Zouaves-who in IL Jullien's new quadrille created the same sensation as before; a duet by Kalliwoda, for two French horns, slilfully executed by the Messieurs StI-el-two now members of M. JMllien's orchestra and Bishop's graphic "Chough and Crow" (solos by itadame Euderadorff, Miss Kate Ranoe, and Herr Rokitansky), which was unanimously encored. The madrigals and glees seem to have obtained as much vogue here as at the Crystal Palace-at least if we may judge from an announcement that they are to berepeated every Friday. The first morning concert is fixed for the 23d instant.
THE CORN PRIDE. coR=-EXcUANGE. WzmDsA.Y Auo. 13 The arrivals of graln have inceased, mpecially of foreign doscrtions: but the trade exhibits little variation. Wh at is at about tho jpnies of Monday, and no imPortaut o7veinent baa talen place eit;her m barley or oata. ARRAIa RUI, ArGusr 12. Fair arrivals o vwheat andoats, and moderate of other grain. With the exception of a heavy rain on Saturday, the weather has been fine, and the cutting of wheat, oats, and harley has commenced. Harvest willbe general in a few days. The crops bave been broken down in places, hut on the whole there is Dromise of a good average crop. The wheat trade has partly recovered from the panic of last vwee, and there is a good inquiry £or foreign wheat, which is scarce. At to-day's market there was a very small supply of English wheat, which was taken-off freely at an advance of Ss. to 4s. per quarter on 13stweek's rates. Foreign wheat better to sell; line Dantsicbeing worth 8Os. Barley scarce, and wanted. Beans and peas dull at lA pe quarter decline. Oats slow and rather lower. Prices are quoted to-da as follows :-Englh whEeat vwhite, IS. to ilS. per SOMb.; red. 68s. to 72s.;*Dantsic,K}ornigsherg, c, IS8s to 8ts.; Baltic and llamburg, red, Wes. to ns.; Danise h and doistem, 66s. ro 68s.; Petersbmhg and Rigs, for to 60a, English barley, soa. to 4bt; foreign, 42s. to 46s.; oatst I8s. to 6ds.; forelgn, 1Id. to lSd, per stone, beans, sed. to 48s., foreign 6s, to qat peas, cos, ton gs.; foreign, 42e, to ls.: linseed eakes, £91 5s.te UOs; foreicn, andto r9ape s. rape cakes, a£tIs 6d. to £I o i s.; linseed, - Ss. to 56s.; bones, t a Io.s to -5. DUBLIN. AUJGUST 12. We had an extremely depresood markiet at our Corn-Exchange today. The prices of Friday wsere generaly maintained for wheat and for the best samples of oats, hut inferior qnalltien of the latter wiere 6d. cheaper. Several saraples of new oats, here, and rapeseed appeared, the quality and condition good. The oats were taken at 13s. to 16s., [hbere at l8s. to 19s. 6d., and rapeseed at I0s, to Ifs. Indian corn only esis,se in 755,5 ret:il at ahoilt lost Ass's n,rrsncies.
I BJGANKR OF NFIV SOUT2H WALES. [Advertisement,l The following report of the board of directors of the Bank of Noew South Wales was presented at the half-yearly general meeting of the Proprietors, held en the 30th day of April, 1818, at the banking-honee, The directorsha.e the satisfaction of presenting to the proprietos the balance-abeet of the bank forthaebf-a-Ycarendedthe3lstof£Mareb, Showing the undivided balance of last half-year .. £8,102 13 5 To which are to be added the net profita alter paying all expenses, providing for bad and donbtful debts, deducting rebate on current bills, and malding a al- lowance in reduction of bank premises and fittings 53,378 0 8 hakingatotalof .. 6t660 14 1 Winch the directors recommend to be appropriated as follows:To payment of dividend at the rate of 20 per cent. per annum .£50,000 0 0 In increase of reservefund .9,658 11 7 Retaining for eoualiration of future dividends.. 2,002 2 6 £81,660 14 1 Thereserve fund wil now amountto ..U0,000 0 0 The directors deem it desrable that they have conferred upon them the authority to establish such further branches or agencies as they may think expedient to form during the current half-year. It devolves upon the present meeting to appoint a director in the roomof William Walker, Rsq., who resigne on his departure for England in December last. Robert Tooth, Fg., vwho has acted tem. porarily under the appointment of the di4ectois since that period, in the onuy candidate for the ofifice The dividend will be payable at the head-office on and after to-marrowv, and at the brsnrhes immediately on receipt of advice. Onubehalf of the boardof directors, DAXIEL COOPER, President. The foregoing report w-as caried unanimously. Robert Tooth. E-sq. was unanimoeuly electedas dectorin te room of WEilam Walker, Esq. Mofed by Richard Jones, Eeq., seconded by S. D. Gordon, Esq.- That the thanks of the proprietors be given to the Berd of Directors for their attention to the interests of the hank during the half-year last past. The meeting was numerously attended. Aggresato Balance-sBheet of the 3Ba- of New South Wales, March 31, 1818 (including Londonbranvb to the S5st of December, 1811):- Die. To Bank stock . 0 0 Notes in c-2lation .03,901 0 0 Dc tzostt and otherh'abilities . . , . . 2,281,877 19 8 OfVE=.L- circulation. 3445 0 0 London Branch . . . 1,44,085 12 4 Reserve fund .... 1003t 8 o Profit andloss. 74 03 6 s£8,132,681 18 11 ByC... .. £748,692 1 9 Bullioen 19,310 15 It GovernmeDt sec0 iti0s - .. M.60 1 l Notes of other banls-s -.8,5 0 a Bilsdiscountedan dother detaduetthak. 1,924,08 8610 London branch 1,898,639 6103 Lzus3rnce aocount ........ . 1D 12 R Suspense note account .I 0 n £5,1i1,6818 11 Dr. POsF=r Ann Loss. ToRebateoubll.£ .1,,312 4 6 Dividend for half-year, atthe rate of20 per cent.W pefrvaemnfum . . . .9 .. .65.. no 0000G Carriedforwardtoeeniu3i`fu0nredividena; 20J3 2 0 174,032 1I C Byamo'mtfrom1aStacCOuntgOctobarlk4; 28l213 5 - Profits of balf-year endmg this a (March31) .8.... . 6,7850 .S1: - 74,0321IS 6 Dr PBFCRart Pcs,-n To balanice(March 31)... .. £110,000 O 0 Cr. By balance September30, 1815 Premiumon vale of unapproDriatead rsbs i 000 0 C0 nuasy 3i) .... .. ... .. .. .. 79 3 0 Sundry recoveresfrom bad debts (Ms,ch31 : 202 95S - Amount from profitndloss a ..'9058 l 7 ; ! f - . ' '- -. : gl0,000 0 0 -r FRANCI MITOERn, J.I O ,Jun - '}Auditore. Audited 24thApril,186 .- :- - J tforby Mr. Groguan, MYP., sahos tsiat'there ab&iti 37 persona employed ian Ireland in the supervison and m4anagement of barracks, at ealaries ranging from4 922. to 3664 a- year. Mfo6tof thenbare retfed un1staxy cfficeze,
BBJTISUAsOsCATIOKNJR?!HEADy4fiDA7XfC ; - I - OF IPSC72 aW * : . ' , - _ - 0 HfflLTRE;HAJ AUG. 13.- The President's dinner took place in the xsic.hahl,-Royal-Old. Wells, yesterday evenng. i The room- w very tastefnlly and elegantly decorated for tlle occa4or,- aid .ltogether uresented a. m9st rilliaat appear scc. The PreBibent (Dr. Daubeney) took hls seat at- 6 o'lock, ucmported on his rgh by Eael Ducie, Rev. . Cloe, 3r Rogars (United States), Profesor Bell, Kev. R. WAL gndhir. J3aTer,m ad on his left by the Ewit of thlenborou h, Sir. of J. Mrchison, Coo0ne3 Sw H1. C. -ew-inson, -r. hf Mites, MP ., and Professor Phbllips. . XwThere were also asent Sir Alexander Ramisay, Generha George Pol30ea, D.Loyd, Sir T. Phillips,-Profeeeor-.Balfour5 Mr. Jukee Msr. Newmarch, the High Baiiff of. Cheltelhsain, Professor Buckma, Dr. Brennecke-(Prussia), -Lieuteant Peter Ocesowv (Russia), Dr. Hornbedk-{Copenhaden), Mr. L~ R (Dsa orwaymi Mr. Cheshire, a. - ' - - The usual loyal toasts- having bean given, the Pnesident gave "The Anty and Itavy," couapling ith the toan4 tho namze of Colonel Sri D~ C. RawLinsosi ,ColonelSirH.C.RArseysole,inreturningthnnks, observed that the profession to which he belorfed always felt dseafiany honour which might be pid to them ohy a learned and scientificebody aLke that of he' British- Association. 'e cughtbe-permittedtosaytatthe anry-had not. had entirely vhat right be- c3a1ed "iair plasy b etended to it during the late war. It was celed into action without sufficient preparation; its services were perhapsnobsnfi -cient3y requited, and just as it w.as brought to a perfect state-of efficiency, audreadytereapitshon6urs, peace-waseondluded. ALs far a s the army was therefore coucernsdthe peace was the very worst thing that could have possibly happenedfor it. - But, when he rememsbered that w;ar was the greatest enemy of science and the greatest foe to human progress and civiliration, he could hot, but feel gratilied as a friend of soience, and he hopled he might-say as a Christian, that the blessings of peace had been restored. (A:pplause.) It had not been -his fortune to take any part in-the transactions of 'she late -war, but, from all he -bad beard of the gllant deeds of the British ar.ny, he could say that it bed well sustained its ancient renowvn. The Indian army, with which he was himself - connected, had not been called into active service, but he might say of it, that there was no army in the world in a better state of efficiency; a;Ad he was convinced that, should it ever be caled upon to play a part in a nylEnrope an struggle,-it-would-be foun d not to. have degenerated in these later days. (Hear, hear.) Captain ROBaEBTSON responded to the toast on behalf of the navy. - _-- - The Ran of Bs.LEm-lsOs GH propbsed "The Health of the President, and Prosperity to the British Association for thne Advancement of Science." The noble earl said, he did ndt propose the toast as a member, but as one who, during a quarter of a century, had watched the origin of, and there sults achieved by, the assowiation. He A thoughtthat the toast was due as a tribute of gratitude to the association for the great benefits conferred on the public. No less striking was the daring of -fth president, Sir 11.. I. Murchison, and other scienLtific men, by whose perseverance the difficulties which beset the early path of the association had been so successfully overcome. There was at one time but small hope that the British Association would ever attain the higgh position it now held. - On the battlefield men wer, encouraged by the praise of their conntrymen to encounter and overcome almost any diffi. culties; and even if they failed, provided they had done their utmost, they were not lable to censure. But, had 'he endeavours of the founders failed to establish the British Association, they would have been exposedto much ridicale. Gratitude was, therefore, due to those who founded so valuable and useful an institution. Ile had stated that he was not a man of science, nor had he attempted to master any of its points or details; but he was not the less a cordial admirer of the industry, genius, and zeal by which scientific conquests had been made. Men of science were indeed, in some respects, like, those leaders of menewhom Providence permitted from time to time to appear in the world, who went 4n from conquest to conquest glorifying in successivc acquisitions of territory. But in one important respect they differed-all their conquests were distinguished not by the degradation, but by the improvement of man. (Cneers.) Nor was it only on account of the increase of the comforts of man that they owed a debt of gratitude to science, they owed stil more, as natural science exhibited in every step more and more convincing proofs of the universai forethosght and beneficent dens ol Providence. (Cheers.) The PREsmDxNT, in returning thanks, referred tothe hospitable reception the association had met with in Chel. tenham,and proposelas theirnext toast " The Educational Institutions of Cheltenham" The iGnc BAunar, the Rev. W. Do:soN (Principal oi Cheltenham College), and Dr. Husss'scs.RTS (Head M1aster ol the Gramumar Schosl) returned thanks. Professor SEDGnawzC3x, ia a humorous speech, proposed " The Bishop and Clergy of the Diocess" associating wit} the toast the name of the Pev. F;. Close, the incumbent ol Cheltenham. The Rev. F. CLosr, in acknowledging the compliment, said, that the Bishop of the diocess was prevented from being present in consequence of episcopal duties, but hi wa§ well knowu to be a warm friend and sincere believe, in the truth of science. He (M: Close) felt deeply the higb honour which the British Association had conferred ion the- town of Cheltenham by holding its present meetmn there, and ho believed that the effects of its visit woul: long survive and bear fruit. He was himself delighted and surprised at the light which the association had throvwn upon many of the wonders of science - and in the geological section, which he had more particularly attended, he could not sufficiently describe the pleasure which it had afforded him to see how corapletely science laid bare, as it were, those astonishing evidences of the early world. He believed in the trutbs of science as firmly as he did in the revela. tions of Holy Writ, and he would recommend its Pursuit a one of the most interesting which the hurman mind could be cealled upon to contemplate. (Hear, hear.) Sir R. J. MtuRncisos p eoed, "The Science of Foreign Countries," and obsmrved"t°? tsh the recent meetings of the association had been honoured by the attendance of several distinguished foreigners known for their proficiency in science. Among those he might mention a distinguished young Russian officer, Lieutenant Oussow, of the General hysmeal Observatory at St. Petersburg, and others, who had availed themselves of the peace to pay a visit to the Association. (Hear, hear.) He was sure that the manner in which the officers of the Imperial army had treated those British subjects who had, by the fortune of war, fallen into their hands, was such as to win for them the admira. tion and respect of the British people. The manner in which General Mouravieff had received and succoured General Williams, Colonel Lake, and the other gallant soldiers, who had won for themselves an undying reputation by their defence of Kars, showed that the Imperia: army was not unmindful of what was due to a gallant foe. (Hear, hear.) The attendanceof those distinguishe( Russians, at a period following so closely upon the cessation of hostilities between the two countries, sbowed that Russia was deter. mined to avail herself of the most recent discoveries in science and human knowledge, and he hoped that nothing would again occur to disturb the relations of amity which had existad between the two nations for so many centuries. The association was also honoured with the presence of a distin_uished Prussian, Dr. Brennecke, of Dr. Daa, of Norway, a gentleman celebrated for his researhes in physical science, and of Professor Rogers, of the United States, of whom he would say that his comprehension -was as broad as the great continent of which he was a citizen. (Applause.) Professor RoGEs and Dr. BnExxy-EcxE returned thanks. The remaining toasts wrere the " UniverEities of Great Britain and Ireland," responded to by Professor Wvalker, Mr. Balfour, and Sir W. Hamilton; "The Members of Parliament who have supported Science," replied to by 1r. M. Milnes, AP.; "The Vice-Presidents,` responded to byLordDucie; "Thelocal offlicers," to wvhich Cantain Robertson and Mr. H. Davis replied; " The President for next year," responded to by Dr. Lloyd; and "The Ladies,"l for whom Captain Robertson, R.A. returned thanks. The dinner, provided by Mr. Davis, of the Queen's Hlotel, was of the most excellent and resvccred chanicter, and was served with a facility somewhat unusual on sach occasions. The concluding general meeting of the association Was held this day at the College; the President in the chair. Professor P=rs, before reading the list of grants for the extension of scientific research, explained that the funds of the association were of two descriptions-firsmt the voluntary contributions of the locality to meet the expenses incidental to the meetings; and secondly, the subscriptions of members. A portion of the fund created by the latter source of revenue was voted annuallY for the advancement of science. The expenses of the establishment at Kew were in the first instance defrayed, audlit was proposed this year to vote 3501. towards the maintenance of that institution. The general committee of the association had also reported in favour of making grants for the following purposes:Towards atmospheric researches in the deep- mies of Cornwall, 101.; towards exPnses of discoveries in connexion with photography, 101.; ditto, experiments relating to earitiq ike waves and shocks beneath the ocean, 501.; to the geographical section, 151.; for discoveries relating to marine worms, 251.; for experiments connected with dredgn of sea b-ottom, - 10L.; ditto on west coast of Scotland, EMI.' for inquiring into the number and variety of the vegetable products imported into the united kingdom, 107_; for lists of the most characteristic forms of natural objects, 10Z.; for inquiry into growth of salmon, especially inthe river Tay, 101.; ditto mollusca of California, 101.; to Mis, Ida Pfeiffer, the celebrated female traveller, to assist in her researches into, the natural history of Madagascar, 201. ; to Mr. G. Rennie, to asit him in prosecuting his experments on heatc produced in water by .agitation, 201., for exoeri. ments with respect to improved form of life and fishing beats, ol. These sums, including the 3601. to the lRow Observatory, would make the total amount granted at the Cheltquhammeeting6201. (Hear.) ProfessorPhSpsthengave a statement of the number of members attending -the present meetings, and of the moneys;received from mers and associates, the result of which was as follows :-Old life members 180, from whom tho society has received nothing; 13 new life members who have paid 1301. ; old annuol niemhers, 100, paying 1001.; new annual subscribers, 48 paying 964; 412 associates, paying '1l. eah; ditto ladies, 34, pa3ying 1 foreigners J,-macing a totalnumber of persons peesent 1?,09, and giving with 2m2. received for the sale of association's work 1,1101. The following cmparativestatement showtsthe attendance at the last sir meetings:-- Persons. - R-eceiDst . 1851 ... Ipswich e ...e 709 - '; - 620 1852 ... -Belfast-.. 1,108. ... 1,08S 1853 ... Hu 87 .. 903 1854 ... Liverpool ... ..7 1,877 .1,S14 1855 ... Glasgowe ... 2 . . 2l . 22611856 ... Cheltenham .,. 1,10 9 ' . 110 Professor WA EM having readthe report of the committee of recommnendetion, - SirHR. L MuwnCNhsoN proposed anda ' " ' - ?rofessor-R.cssAy seconded; 'aresolution, cinveymng the cordial thanks of the asscaion to the boardoli directoss ~of Chelteniam College for the use of the biildinl;e -nd lsb'ltothe Great Western Railway Compauy for the facilities ttej lhad afforded the associstion durig their visit to Chel. tenham. Rev. F. CIoSE responded on behalf of the ditectors of the College, an:, after a, vot of A k to !te,boal co. 3ifttlee, the 3meeting separated. hir. R. Bessemer read thefollow'ing paper at the :British Association ont Monday l,sti " Te manufacture of iron in this :coPnt'y, has attainedl sfuch an important position that, any' im-provement, in this * banc~ofou naionl idutrycanotfail to be I source of itertt,and'wil, 1trut, e aufficientexenuefor -cuieydirected to the manufacture ofnlebeirn and steel, in which, however, I had mnade butt little progpee until-within theLlast eight or nine 'anonths. The eonstaut Polling down and rebuilding of furnaces, aLnd the toil of dailY experiments with large charges- of-iron, had already begunx to exhaust myi stoc-k of Patience;.lint, the numerou observations I had made; dhiring thizsvery unpromIisn period al tended-to confirni an entirelynew view of the sub- .ject5 which at that time 2forceid itself upon may attentionviz., that I could produce a much mnore intense heat without aYjfurnace orfuelthan could he obtained hy either -of the modificatiLonr I had. used, and consequently thatl ahoulcl n'ot onlY nvoid the injuAro-as action of -mineral fuel on'the ir~on under- operation, but.tbat I should aLt the same time avoid als0othe exIpense of the fuLel - Some wremininary trials were mnade or from 10lb. to 20lb. 6f iron,land, altough tha process'was fraught-with corsiderable'dfifficulty, iterxhibited suach umnistakeable signs of success as to induce mesat once to Put uP an apparatus capable of coomverting about 7 cwt. Of crude pig-iron into malbeableieron int 30 minutes. With such masses of metal to operate on, -the dfifficulties whichbeset the smallilaboratory experiments of 101b. entirely disappeared. ' On this Me-fiAeld of inquiry I set out -writh) the as- sum-1tion that cride iron contains about5Sper cent, of car-. bon ; that carboni cannot exist at a 'white heat in -the prasmeneof oxygen -without -uniting ther6with and producing combustion; that such combustion would proceed 'with a rapidlity dependent on the amnount of surface of carbont exposed ; and, lastly, that the temperature which the mne,al would acquire would bealso dependent onL the rapidity 'with, which the oxygen an'd carbon were made to combine, And consequently, that it was only necessary to bring the oxygen and carbon toggether in such a mnanner that a vast Surface should be exposed to -their mnutual -action, in order to Produce a temperature hitherto Tmnatainable in our' largest furnaces. 'With a view,of testing prCtically,this theory, I constructedl a cylindrical vessel of thr~e feet in diameter and five feet in height~, Somewhat like an ordinary cupola furnac,teineiro whichn is lined with -fire -bricks, and at aboutLtwo inches 'from the: bottom Of itlI insert ive -tuYdre'pipes, the nozzles of which are formed of well-burned fire clay, the orifice of *each tuydre being- about ' three-eighths of an inch in diameter.; they ar-e so put into the .brick-lining- (from the outer side) as to admit ofL their removal,- andl renewal in a few minutes wheni they are worn out. At one side of 'the vessel, about half way up froma the bottom, there is a hole made for running in th-e crudle metal, and oni the opposite side there is a tap-hole stopped wvith ldam, by imeans of -which the iron is run out. at the -end of the Process. In practice this converting ve&sse may be made of any con-vemient size, but ifp refer that it should not hold less than one, or more than fIve tons, -of fluidiron at each charge. The 'vessl should be placed so near to the discharge hole of the blast furnace as tosallow-the. iron to flovi along a gutter intk it; a anmall blast cylinder will be -required c-apable, of compressing air to about Slb. or 1b1b, to the square inch. A communication basving been. inade between it andl the tUydres before named, the converting vessel will be in a condition to commence work; it will, however, onx the occasion of its first being used after reIning with firebricks be necessary to miake a firoin the interior Ndth a few basketsU of coke, so as to dry the brickwork and heat up the vessel for the first opration, after -which the fire is to be al carefully rake ouitatthe tafmping hole,which is againxto hE made good-with loam. The vessel will then bein readiness to commence work, and may be so continued without au3 use of fuel until the bric]: liming.in the cours oft:im( beco-mes worn away and a new lining, is required. I havi before mentioned that the tuyZres are situatedi nearly closs to the bottomn of the vessel ; the&flnid mietal wil therefore rise Somne 18 inclhes or 2 feet above them. It is therefori necessary, in order to prevent. the meta from entering th4 tuydre boles, to turn ont the blast before allowing the fluli orcrueiron toron int-o the vesselfrom the blast furnace. Thih having been done, and the fluid iront run in, a rapid boRinin up of the metal will be heard going on within th, vessel, the metal being-tossed violently about and dashec from side to side, shaking the vessel by the force with which it mnoves, from the throat of the converting vessel. Finns Wil then immediately issue, accompanied by a few brigh sparks. This state of things will continue for about 150o 20 minutes, during wihiclh time the oxygen in the atmo spheric air combines with the carbon contained in the ironi producing ca-rbonic acid gas, andat the same time evolving. power'ful heat. N~ow, as this he-at is genernated in the in ternor of, and is diffusive in innumerable fiery bubble through, the wholeRfuid mass, the metal absorbs the greats part of it and its temperature becomesimmaensely increased and by-the expiration of the 15 or 20 minutes before namei that p art of the carbon which appears mechanicaly mixe; and dfused through the crade iron has been entirely con snmnd. The temperture, however, in so high that th, chymitally com'binea carbon now begins to separate fromill mnetal, as is at once indicated by an immense increae is the volume of flame rushing out of the throat of the vessel The meotal in the vessel now rxses several inches above iti natural level, and a light frothy slag makes its appearance and is thrown out i-n large foam.like -masses. This -violeni eruption of cinder generly lasts about five or six minutes when all further alppearance of it ceases, a steady anc powerful flame replacing-the shower of sairks and cindem which always accompaules the hell. The rapidl uni-on o~, carbon and oxygen wAich thus takes place addis atm furthe to the temperature of the metal, while the diminishec quantity of carbon present allows a part of the oxygen ti combine with the iron, which undergoes combustion and ii converted intoan oxide. At the excessive temperature thal the metal has new acq,uired the oxide as soon as formed under,goes fusion, and ftorms a powerful solvent of those earthy bases that are associated w~ith the iron. The violenii ebullitUon which is going on mintes moast intimately the scoria and metal, every part of which is thus brought is contac't with the fluidL oxide, which wil thius wash and cleanse the metal mioat thoroughlv from the silica and other earthy bases which are ~comibined with the crde iron, while t'he sulphur and other volatilE matter which cling so tenaciously to iron at ordinaryT teMPeratures are driven off, the sulphur combining with Uhe oygen and forming sulphurous acid gas. The Ion in we'g hto0 crude iron durng its conversion into an ingot of mnalleable iron was found on' a mean of four experiments to be 12A per cent., to -which will have to be added the loss of meta isithe finishing rolls This-wvill make the entire loss probably not less than 1.8 per cent., instead of about 28 pei cent., which iz the loss on the present system. A lar-ge portion of this metal is however, recverable by treating with Carbonaceous gases the rich oxides thrown out of the furnae duringth boil. These sgags are found to contain innmerable Small' grains of metallic iron, which are mnechanically held in suspension in the slags, andrmay he easily recovered. I have before mentioned that after the boil has taken place a steadY andl Powerful flame succeeds, which con1tintues without any change for about 10 mlinutes, when it rapidly falls off. As soonx as this dliminut:ion of flame is Epparent the workmean will know that the processs is comple-te, and that the crude i-ron has been converted into pure umaleable iron, which he wil form inLto ingets of any suitabile size and shape by simply opening the ~hole of the converting vessel and allowing the fluid matllable iron to flow into the iron ingot maoulds placed there to receive it. The masses of iron thus formed wll be perfectly free from any admixture of cinder, oxide, or other extra. neous matters, and wil be far more pure and insa forwarder state of manufacture than a pile formedl of ordinary puddle bars., And thus. it wil be seen that by a ainsle process, requiring no mani-pulation or particular skill, andTwith only one worlkman, from three to fve tonus of crude iron passes into the condition, of several piles of malleable iron in from 30 to 35 minutes, with the expenditure of about one-third part the blast now used ins finery furnace with an equal charge of iron, and with the consumption of no other fuel than is contained in the cruide iron. To those -who nrc best acquainted with thle nature of fluid iron it may bo a matter of surprise that-P blast of cold- air forced into melted crude iron is capable of reising its temperature to such a degree as to retiai it in a perfect state of fl-uidity after it has lost all its carbon, and is Iin the condition of malleable ir-on, which in the highest heat of our forges only becomes softenedinto a Past-Ymass. ]But such is thieexcessive temperature thatI am. enabled to arrive at with a properly shape con-verting vessel and a judicious distribution of the beat that I am. enabledl not only to retain the fluidlity of. the metal, huxt to creat-e so mauch surplus heat a to re-melt the crop ends, ingot runners, and other scrap that is made throughout. the process, and th-us bring them withouLt labour or fail into ingota of a quality equal to the rest of the char-ge of new Inetal. ForF this purpose a Small arched chamnberis formed immediatl over the throat of the converting vessel, somewvhataoldikethetunnel headof the blastfurnce. This chauher baa two or miore openings en the sidies of it, and its floor is3made to slope downwar-ds tothe throat. Ax soon as a charge of fluid nmalleable-iron has been drawn off frormthe connecting vesse the workman Wil take the scrap intended to be workedL into the next charge and proceed. to introduce, the several pieces into the small chamber, piling them up around the opening of -the 'throat. 'When shin is -done hoe Wil run in his charge of crude- metal, and again commence the process. By the time the boil commences the bar ends or other scrap will have acquired a white hieat, and by the time it is over mnost of them will have been melted andL runn down into the chage. Any pieces, however, that remain may then be pushed in by the workman, and by-the time the process is completed they will all be melted, and uiti- mately combined with the rest of the charge, so that all sap iron, whethr ct or ma leable, may thus bD used up withoutanyloseorexpense. As anexample of the power thaionhat as of generating h eat in this prooess Imay mention a cir&nmstance that occurred to me during m Y exei ments: wastryinghowsmxallagetofttuydrescoulbu ed but the size chosen prov-ed to be too sma l, anda!rblo m mto the metal for one hour and three-quarters I could not get up heat enough with them to bringon the boil The experiment was therefore discontinued, durng which time two-thirds of the metal soidiied and the est Wus run off A larger set of tuyere pipes 'were then put n, and afresh chiarge of fluid iojiron into the vessel, Xchhd the effect of entirey remeletiag theforner charge, ad whenthe whole was tapped ot it exh ibited as ual that intense and da- zling brngheness peculiar to the electric light.- - --F " To per3ons cozivessant vith the maufacture of iron itwill be at one apparent tha t th e ingots- o2f mleable metal which Ih hne deacribed willlaveo bav r or steelyparts, such as is found in puddled iron, requiring a great amount of rolling to blend the m with the generalmaM nor llselin'ot megotuire:an exoeas of' rolling to exzde cinder frob lwe interior Of the lias, -mce Done, can exie -in the ingo,-w*hieh 'sureandperfectlyh6ignosioghen -hWu cf serte pieces welded togeth-er it w ill befa mom-aapo- and fe~ expensive to make aeveL'albenasqrr for, ingt;doutlss hi 'oul hve ee d ne ogao ha1 I I I I I I I i :not e wholew boci e Ulea lim rcit b. aE o .i. which-the pod, eT -e 1061ofukt.l "The faciii-hich the nsew VWoeu ~id large m an etblshe manufacturer to -d that on the old maode of worknK it im obtn; while, at thae ma. time;, it admit o U Cme powerful maeinery -whereby a eat dal of iabons will be aved, and the lprooes be gr"tly expeited. i merely mention this fact m passnin as. i is not my ite.-i tion at the preewnt momeSt to enter upon any detaiis of the" improvements I have niAd in this de p nt of the inanu. facture, becase the p aentsa which I v ye obai ed for h !anm are not let speciSed. Before, however, di4iiwing thiX branch o the subject, I wisli -to call fWattentionn f the' meeting to some of the peculiarities thish dztiah ~ cu. seel fron all other. forms. of ifron, namely, the prB homogeneous character of the metal, the entiresence ef sand-cracks or' flaws, and its greater cDhesive force and elasticity as compared with the blister-steel from which it' is made, qualities which it derives solely fromnits fasion and formation into ingots, all ofwhich properties mialleable irou acquiresin like nanner by its fusionand formation into ingots in the new procezsa l2or must it be forgotten tha4 nO amount of rollijig will giive to huisier-St (athougl formed of roled bars) the same homogenO6is charater that cast-steel acquires by a mere' extension of the ingot so 110n 10 or 12 times its orighnallangth.- " One -oi the most -imprtat facts connected with the new system of manufacturing malleable iro&'is tbaS Al the iron so produced will be. of ts naLity :own as charcoal iron, not that any charoal iis in its manufactire, but because the -whole of the prooesses follovwing the smelting of it are conducted entire,y -without contact with or the oiseof anymineral fuel ; the iron regalti lg therefrom will, in consequence, be perfectly free fom those injurious properties hrhich that description of fuel nerer fails to impart toiror thatis brought wnder its fluence. At the same. time, this system of manufacturing malleable iron offers eztraordinayflacllty for mhkig large;£sat, cranks, and ' other heavy masses; it will be obvious that, any.weight of metaithat can he founded in ordinary cast-iron by the: means at present at our disposal may al3o be founded in molten malleable iron, and be wrought into the fozms and shapes iequired, provided that wre, ae the size and. power of our machinery to the extent necessary to deale with such large masses of metaL A few minutes' eflection wl,showthe great anomaly presented by the scale on which. the consecutive processes of iron-mairg are at present, carried on. The little forsnaces originally used for smelting ore have from time to time increased in size, until they have assumed colosal pioportis6m' and ar made to. operate do 200 or 300 tons of materials at- .a time, giiing out 10 tons of fluid- metal at a single run.' The manufacturer has thus gone on inceasing the sze of his smelting furnacs, and adaptng to their use ihe blast. apparatus of the requisite' propoitions, and has, by this'. means, lessened the cost of production im every y-"r his, large furnaces require a great deal less labotoproence given weight of iron than rould h.ve been required to-pro duce t with adozen furnaces,andci. likemanner hedi minishes his cost of fuel blast and, repairs, whilehe insr a uniformity in the result thatX.evcouldhavebeenar rived at by the use of a-nultiplicity of small fcs. While the manufacturer has show.n himsef fully ive tothese advantages, he has still been under the necessity of leaving the succeeding operations to be carried out on a. scale wholly at variance with the principles he has fond so advantageous in the smelting department. It is true that hitherto no better method was known than the puddlung process, in which from 400 to 1;00 weight of iron is all that can be operated upon at a time, and even this small qun. tityis divided into homaioatbic doses of some 7o0b. or801b., each of which is moualed and Sishiouel by human labour, carefuly -watched and tended in the furnace, and. removed therefrom one at a time. to b carefully manipulated and squeezed into form. When we consider the vast. extent of themanufacture, and the gigantic scale on which. thc early stages of the DrogreSS is coducted, it is astonishang that no effort shoula have been mads to raise the afterprocesses somewhatnearer4so a level cimmensurate with. the Dreceding ones, andthus rescue -th3 trade from the tranimmls -whch have so long surrounded it. "Before concluding these remarks- I beg to cal yourattention to an important -fact connected with the new process, -vhich affords peculiar facilities for the inanufactore of cast-steeL " At that stage of the process immediately following the boil the -whole of the crude iron has p0sred into the condi. tion of cast-steel of ordinary quality; by-the continuation of! the process the stdel soproiuced gradually loses its smaIL re mainig portion of carbon, and passes successively from hard to soft steel, and from soft steel to steely iron, and eventually to very soft iron; hence at a certin period oF 'the rocess any quality of metal may be obtained; there isone m Darticular, which by way of distinction I call semisteel, leing in hardness about midway hetween ordinary cast-steel and soft malleable iron. This metal possesses theadvantage of much greater tensile strength than softiron; it is also more elastic, and doesnotreadilv take apenmanentset, whilo it is much harder, and is not i'orn or indented soe:fly as soft iron ;at the same time itis not so brittle or hard to work as ordinary cast-steeL These quaities render t eminentlwell adaptedl to purposes where lightness and strength are specially required, or where there is much w wear, as in the case of railway bars, which from their softness and lamellar te.ture soon becrme destroyed. Thecost of semi-steel will be a fraction less than iron, becaisethe loss of metal that takes place by oxidation in the converting vessel is about 2A per cent. less that it is with iron; but, as itisaLittle more difficult to roll, its costpertetn may fairly be consideredL tio be the samc as iron; but, as its. tensile strength is some 30 or 40 per cent, greater than bar iron, it follows that; for most puposes a- much less wveight of mecaLmay be used, sO that taken in that way the semi-steel wiDllform a much-cheaper metal than any that weare at present acquinted with. "In conclusion, allow me-to observe that the facts vhich I have had the honour of bringing before the meeting hayBnot been elicited from mere laborat-oy experiment ,hbut have been the result of working on a eRIe nearly twice as great as is pursued in our largest iron workLs, the experil mental apparatus doing 7 cwt. in 30 minutes while the ordinary puddling furnace makes only 44 cwt min two hours, which is made into dsi separate balls, -~lilte- *the ingots or blooms are smootha even prisms, 10 indies suare by 30 inches in length, weighing about eqgual to1O ordinary puddle balls. -
.HTEThW.AT WVOOL7WICH. Yesterdayhis Royal Highness the DuLe of Cambridge. made a general inspection of the whole of the Royal Horse, and Foot Artillery, recently returned from the Crinea, on, the Common at Woolwich, where the greatest part of them are now encamped. The day throughout was auspicioifrv though the heat was at times excessive; and some 10,000 persons or more asseimbled to witness the, spectacle. Precisely at 2 o'clock a salute of 21 gu,an announced the arrival of his Roioal Highness,attendol by the officers of his Staff and the Staff of theHorse Guards, in front of the Royal Artillery barracI,, where they we received by General Williams of Hars, c;nn=andant of the garrison, his Staff, and a guard of honour. There wero alsopresent-General Sir Hew Ross, General Sir RI. Gardiner. Colonel-Commandant Brown, Royal Marines, and Colonel Bloomfield, Aide-de-Camp to Her Majesty. Three troops of Royal Horse Artillery had been dravm up in review order on the Common, at 12 o'clock, underthe command of Colonel Strange and Major Gardiner. followed by eight field-batteries, two heavy ordnance. batteries of 321b. howitzers and iron gn;, one battery' siege train, and- four ball-cartridge, brigades, all in.- heavy marching order, and including altogether about 2,000 men and a proportonate number of horses. Therewere also six battalions of foot artilery, making the -whole number of men brought under, review litte less than 3,000. The park of arLlhLrr was ar-rangec in much the same order, as when Ber Majesty reviewed the troops there about a month ago, and exacty as on a field of battle, the guns which did such memorable. senice before Sebastopol from tiMe tD time being in. front, and the tumbrils and ammunition waggons, in. line three deep, in the rear. The troops were alse drawn up in contiguous lines of batteries as on that. occasion, the lines stretching across the Parade-ground in the direction of the Dover-road. The bands of the Artilleryand Marines were stationed in the centre of the ground. and played at intervals during the ceremony. I 'When the Commander-in-Chief npIesred upon the groumd the troops welcomed his Royal 'Highness with an enthusiastic ckeer, - and the band of t:he Royal Artillerystruck up theeNational Anthem. The scene was extremel impoinigandpict=resque. ThDiie, attended byabri?> liant retinue of gen officers, paused. fl- a few minutes. before the flagstaff erected in front of the Royal Military Academy, ann then rode slowly along the front of the line. The immense crowd of spectators sidrted the confines oE' the Parade in every direction,. and ihe troops were. disposed in the centrE, the ground Ieing maintained. throughout ihe day by the aTailable men belongiLn to the> 31aines, assisted bya considerable body of police. Return-; ing in front of the saluting point, his Royal Eglihnestlook up a position there, attendeda? before, the troosD mahed past in the usual mnner, fir$ igslo,W and then in quick time, the Roya o r tiery, in columns of troops, tkling the lead, folowed by tho field batteries, marehing at qunrter distance in columns of batteries, aix goms abreast, 'with their a4tenda mmuunition wagons, drawn chiefly by horses, and herM - sndthere bymules. These evolutions over, the birigades oE" Artllery were separated into three divisions, and rniged over the Common, one of them occupiag.the 'brow of tlie. hill, the othertro remaining on the low ground;.aAhand ensued a sham. assault, involving a num'nbetr of maunceuvres executed 'th gret spirit and promptitudc,, in the comnse o which some i or 40 rounds were fLv,, Vith this- e ceremony, -which lasted several hours, and .5essentially a repetition' of the one cheermed on the recent vist of the Queen, terminated,;_ana the treoDw refired to their encampment, situated on the brow of tne- hill nea thc Dover-road, .Where, towar,dsI e e,vnin, their.' quters, witthe horses picketted for ths pesent in the, open Air, -wero minutely inspectd by the luke of CAm- ridge. he fine bea2ing ofthel en, the pGecison and raDditby oof rheir ovemefts, and their andtel ducioplie cidl Aneral adtion the oughont the inspectiorn ainO RyalHighnea wasoei u alsi stically ches'Od bo them 'on. 1il arrivei at wx 8p-lx gJ~xhen lie took -lias del . of Ake ommahernCam n i ' . Us H : rrLeDnhke suwbsequently;L tr4 ith. General Wllliam2s, t;he coumudant of the Bo, a ththe1 of,5cers of the- 'Royal Artillery at heir meiae,- here covers were laid for-. 1ou0. The company els irelded the' officars of the 8Sif LIJ. ; UoneGeer RO~ tions; ColceseXact, De uLy-AdjutaatIGr1 Bt G'e pl;*sa8iflfOor'etheWooetek PemLonma- 'Dr Smith eCr- _Geuai th Axs Kedie Dl '->t -;E: -:rie. a^*p4t tw; Conodore Shpherd, Superintendmit of the Dockvard; Nz. P*lUa , Ordnnce Storekeeper. and other leads of dQetment at Woolwchl
