DEATHS. On the 5th inst.. before Sebastopol, aged 17 years and a half, Edw. Dicks onRicrd. Ensign inthe 1lth Royal Irish Regt., and eldesti n of Captain E Riard, late of the 75th and 73d Regtg. On the 21st of January last, in AuestraUa, Mary Ann, wife of WiLiam Tilley, Esq., daughter of the late Capt. Alex. Greet, and only sister of Commander Greet, RtS., of Her Majesty's ship Crocodile. On the 5th of March. at Brislington, Major-General James Camp bell. late Lient.-Colonel of the 51st lRegt. Light Infantry, aged 75S On theS2th ult., at Mount Charles, St. Eliabeths, Jamaica, Andrew Wright Xaitland, EYI. On the Ist inst., in Hamilton. C.W., WVlliam John mickes, Esq., son of the late Lieut.-CoL REckes, C.B., Bombay Army, aged 3% deeply lamented. On the 5th inst., at her residence, Wilkinson-street, Sheffield, aged 68, Ars. Elizabeth Marshall, relict of the late Guy Bryan Manrshal, Esq., of Hackney. On the 10th inst, at Paris, Fanny Een, the beloved daughter of Miaorand Mrs. Lionel Stephenson, aed 7 years and 9 months. On the 14th inst, at Stoke, near Rochester, Kent, aged 64, the Rev. James Pearson, vicar of that parish. Onthe lAth inst., at his residence. Hillside Hoaae, near Liverpool, James Moon. Esq., in the 75th year of his age. On the 16th inst., at 4-. Paragon-parade, Cheltenham Mfary Bacon, aged 4 yea only ch;d of W. T. F. Jackson, q., Lieutenant. I,LS. Rloyal George. On the 17th inst., at Brighton. Charlotte, the widlow of the late Edward Holden Cruttenden, Esq. Madras Civil Service. On the 17th inst.. Emma, wife of M1r. Alfred Rodrigues, of 73, Neswgate-street, in her 35th year, deeply regretted. oin the 17th inst., at her residence, in Brecon, universally beloved, and in perfect peace, Anna Jane, widow of the late Rev. Charles Grifith, In her 77th year. On the 17th inst., at his residence, Newtown Limuavady, county Londenderry, lesley Alexander. Esq.. late of the 11th Hunars, and eldest son of the late JohnAlexander. Esq. On Saturday, the 17th inst., at Westhill, Winchester, after a protracted illness, of consumption, aged 18, Anna Mlaria, eldest daughter of thelate Rev. David Jones Waugh. Onthe 17th inst, alter many yeara affiction. Hannah, the beloved wife of Samuel Jennings. of 16, Duke-street, Manchester-square, late of 8 Goswelt-street, aged 5S, deeply regretted by her familyand friends. On Sunday, the 1th inst, at 18, Portman-iuare, Emily Isabella, tbirddaughter of Spencer PeTceval, REsq. On the 15th inst at No 2V, Norland-square, after a few hours',iness, Mrs. Frederick Thorn, second daughter of the late Thos. Hodgboson, REq., of Hare Hatch, Berks On the 18th inst.,at his residence, flfracombe, Devon, Sir Jas. Meek, d,t C.B-, late Comptroller of the Victualling of El 3 .Navy, and magistrate of the county, universallyesteemed andregretted. On the 18tht inst.. at Leamingtoni, Laura, relict of the late Robert Vyner, Esq, of Fathorpe House, Warwickehie, aged 74. On the 1Sth inst., at the Observatory, Fast Sheen. Surrey. Sophia, retict of the Rer. Dr. TY id late FelUow of King's College, Camwridge, rector of MronLton, and vicarof Elllngham, E'sts. On the 19th inst. at Croydon, Surrey, in her 39th year, lizabeth, wife of Edward Loat. On the 19th inst., at Boulogne, Jane Iamsay, eldest daughter of Jobn Borton, Req., aged 16 years. On thel9th inst., at FrognaaL Hampstead, Margaret, wife of Edward Watson, EEq., and youngest daushter of the late John Barugh, Esq., of unnswirl-, Bedale. On the 19thinst., athishous, inChesham-street3 Belgrave-sqnuare, deeply regretted by his famulyand a wide circle of friends, William Evans, Req., of Twynersh, Chertrey, late Sheriff of Iondon and Middlesex. On the 19th inst, after a short ilness at her residence, Stokes Croft, Bristol, Jane, relict of the late MIr. Warren, iron merchant, of Bridgestreet, Brisoto, aged90. At Heston, near Cranford, Joseph Cox, lsq., formerly of Famingham. in Kent, in the 68th year of his age, sincerely lamented by his smuriving brothers and friends.
ITiaXisattelfromnthe French.] 1GEXERAL ASSOCIATION of CREDIT General Meeting of Shareholdera, onthe2Id Of-Apri4l, is; Msr. J'. Pk;EIREIE in the chair. Gentlemen, -For the third time since the fotuaaation of the General Amodationof Credit Mobilierwebas;ecutrnnbly tothestatutee to xcnder an account of the financial po~ejto of the AwociatlOti, nti o lay before you a statement ot the operations dunring the last year. On examning gourpvous reports you wli see Gentlemen, that al Irer ransactions are successively connected. and that, notwithstanding lb. contingencies of atDailr which every year naturaiy7present them- el'ves naderyariedI conditions,ouzr operationisare bnttinedevelopment and conflrtnation of the systeme which series as the basis of our instltulion, the PrinCiPles of wh:ich we bad the honour of expoundinag to You firomsthe very first. execution In every-point ot the progawme which we bad traced ont N= tongtYou atthe outeet theplan andarragement of our Association. We aedfec that the accomprlishment of each part of that programme would probably require sevecajyear,sof perseverance and of effort. At tbis time we address to yen the same language. We are far frmm baVing comn etely executed the plan which we purposd; but you will uee hatsue no-excuton ust e epecalj atribtedto external Theexaointio, sigt a jimaybe,whch you have already been ableto ake f or siancat stuaion ilthave sufifcedlto Showr YOU slo-iourofhe nsttuton ithwIdh y n are asociated. A simple comarion f tis itutio wih tat f lstyear will give you the de- O;er%ton exctd h o frealized Proat,aeeietpof of 500 onfdnestaiuelt transatos n ho h xetof the servicen which we hvbenaltorendetopbiced,an at the same time tothtrdnites. preceing rports aude shall state t o nucetntelnica The root imot3n of the financl operations in hihwe have bee caledtotak ~ortthis year. at the same tine the meeit considerabl ofallthoe wichhave been realized in France. is, without cenriadicion th Isueof helast Frtench loan. the capitalof whichamnounted to 70.00,001.Youremnember. Gentlemen, the eminently patriotic chaacer f hatlon,whereby the Emaperor called uPon the citizens of ver clss o tkepart in~ the gigantic efforts of the armaments whc nthe cause f civ-ilimation were maintained ant the same lime inz the Baltic and on the shore of the Crimea Rtelying upon t-Le credit which we have acquired inL the v-arious paLrts of Europe-strongviith the powerful co-operation of ouir adroinistrators-lwe did not hesitate froma the first to conicur in the views of the Governiment, and all our efforts were directedltowanreUtishemans of assuring its successful realirzation. You wil be able to appreciate the Importance of our co-peration *ben we prove to you, Gentlemen, that bseforo the time fixed for opening the lists wewere enabled topresent to thie5finisler of Finiancethe largest subscription whiclh was ever made by a credit estabilshment. We pLacedia hishands the demoandfloran amountwhicliof itself reprevented athird of the entire loan (as it attairned the sum of 21000 too ii., an amrsunwbwich we had to malce more than double, in cousequenee oftheppeawhicwe ha proptlymadeto the resources of eura We mst ospatulte urslves Getleen,on basing anticipatedI thelou epresio o th naioal eelngwhih was manifested on theoccsio oftht sbseiptos. ad o bengthe miratto fesesee the confdene ad dvotdnes whch oul enurethe success of that great operation, -We can sta~te that our exarraplewas so generally followed thatiwe hiad to augincut that sum of 210 t0,000f.. arid some dass aft tewarda to add asecond subscription for 375.0,0M0ttf. as well for our account, as for ihat ot E3ngland anid several Germnan states- the first and grand evdenice of the resources whichi internatNinal credit must give. In order that you. Gentlemnen, muay uniderstand the liberal character Of thLe sentiment which inituenced that trAusaction, it will be sufficienit tar usg to indicattuthis tcmarkable fact, that theprolttsrxeaaled by us on the rente durinig the last Year figure altolgether onlyfor about 51,100. in the total of 2$i,00O.000f., representinig our profits. The devotednea evinced rny our Association in this memnorable circumstance was wisom as well as prudenos. Public credit is, in fact, :he basis of oudr finanicial edifice; it is thLe infallible thermuometer of general conjidfencee; and we conceive thatcefforte made to maintain andi olerloelislinldothav fo exlusveobject an immediate and Oursubcritio, rducd lke heoher inthe proportion establishedI by te Gvermen, dfintivey podued .lt.osef.rente 3 per cent. for ccont f te Asocatin, ndeendntl oftheshare 01 your adhtsuliretocmpar thi amoutwtli hatof 1,S49.816f., which on sessed at that period by the Association t hwta,trfo en eager to rea,lize the p,rolt arising fromn t~i mrvdpie hc n mediately ~~~~~~~followed tbiseo feOu.hCii iirhas fursthe that of our subscription toeplthe loan. interested accusation of the adversaries of orisiuin or of those who do not sufficiently appreciate the sii nwihagetetbih =eut should be administered. Far fo atnn oraie spi w'ate subscribers generally dlo. andintscseavdo -frrm followin speulation in its miovemients of enthuin raamw a resist, within the limits of prnde*nce, the movementswhcinetr sense might cainpromise the pubise credit. Whileiw 'sowere exelusively makoinguse of the credit of our Associa.- tion, in the interet of the Government financial mneasure, we did not neglect C ho,?e of the enterprises which have ranged themselves under our patronage. Theconnexiou which we have among ourprnipalrailwaycompaies hias mzerddrn thissyear by thaLt of theNTestern RalUway Cons- saaformed, a- you are awiare, by the union of the old Companies of EoUe1n,Igavre. the former WVestern CompaY, those of the Dieppe and Fecamp lie, the St. Germain line, anad the~ Versailles lines (tight and left hacks). Thismsta atonhvingi-cnocesiofo;ras exchange of the bonds issuedlby the old companies, against them created by the new company, wre were commis-sioneed to efrect that exchange. At the samne time thLat Yo)ur Association undertook to realize effectually the e"change of bonids, issued bythe niew Company of the west against the titles of the amalgamated Companies, it guaranteed the Wae of the bonds which mnight remain disposable alter the exchange, audhas thus become purchaser of 05,000 bonds, representing together IS.t,000f,o It has likewise ensured the total sale of the last loanl of 100.000 bonds, that is, for ahout 23,t0,tOTf. citected by the Company of the Southern Railways. We have, besides, opened several credits of lessimportanceforvarious Other Railway Companis WVe were also engaged to make, for account of the shareholders of the Western ComVauy, the payments which have been successively called for the reqJuLremaents of the lines from Paris to Caen, from Parts to Cberboury, and that of D)ieppe and Fecarop. These advances, made for ayear, at the moderate rate of 4per cent., area&prroofof our readiness to assistalimeasures calcistated tofacilltate the development of ratiway enterprise. Similar advances bad been made, on conditions not less favourable, to the sthareholders of the Eastern Colmnany : anid not only have they been renewe(I in fa-vour of all such as have desired it, but we have besides effected foraccounit of the Parties 'who have had recourse to our intervention the entire paymient of the 7if, called last year on tho new shares issued by the Eastern Railways. Finally simil.r facilitie have beeni liberally placed at the disposal of the sharehmolders of the Southern Railroads Company. Among the undertak-ings to which we have granted our assistance is the Company of thleltalwayfrom Dole to Sauina: vwe have ensured the execuition of that roa%d (the works of which had remained for a lon time suspenzded), by making important advances to the Company, an piurchasing from is 16.00 bonds. We have this rear assigned these securities to the Paris and Ly ons Ralway Company, which will deliver to us an equal number of ita bonds:. -lu roseueceo that exchange, which is made wvith the appro'batioa of the Government. the Lyons Railway Company is to unite the 3D6le line to its enterprisse, in order to join the Swiss, Railwvays. Lastly, we have untdertaken the issue of the loan contracted by the Austrian Association for the Railways of the State , a loan. divided into 100,M1 bGnds. is~sued at the rate of 2716. each, oond representin. the value Off 62,l00,000f. Thne interest and r~cemntion of these bonds are payable, as you are aware. riot only at Vienha. and Paris, hut also at the principal commercial towns onithe continitent. This important, opemcr.ttu,which was the firt a-pplication of the ideas which we ssnfoliedbef ore youi last y,ear, respecting the establishmuent of a securicy. aocreroited throughout Europe. the interest on which could be payable at the principal European cities, has fully justified ouir expectations. Success has beenL inmmedia,te, and that oass, subscribed originally for -the larger portion in foreign countries, isat this tune almost entirely in the hands of Germani capitalists. Such. Gentleman. are the chief financial operations effected by our Association during the Year 1855, operatifns relating either to Government loans or those of imnportant comopanies. We unov proceedto spealk to yrou of niermantile undertakcings. In the orranization t,f which7we have co-operated. The Aus-trian llailwaysAzsociation was coestitutild In the early past of last year. Time rapid success which has eroswned this operation amrply declares hocr well-founded wvere our anticipations. lOot only has our Comspany derived importanLt profit from this grand business, but we have the satisfaction of showving that the profits realized by the Shareholders generally, foreigners or French, have be-en still more ronsfiderable, as thie average rate at Twhich our reaiztions took place is Inferior to the present prices. W%'e congratulate ourselves so muchL the more on seeing this business g;ive consider-abIe profits to all those who have taken part in it, as it is the first which has at once takeon a European character, as the success obtained enlarges Ohs basis of grand operations, and henceforth the vs-nt enterprises of general interest, those which have the effect of augmenting the wrealth of a,n entire populzation, c2an be accomplished by -the combined efforts of all fortunes without distinction of nalionahty. The Company of thor Railway from S-aint Ramaberi to Grenoble is among the number of enterprises to which we have lent the co-operation of our capital and credit, by aidingits reconstitution. upon bases -which definitively ensure its futUre prospects. WVe have purchased the shares which came back, into the hands of -the Comapany, in conselenenr of the difficulty in which lthe liquidation of the former bankers of the Association had placed it. WVe have bpesides, subscribed at par, althoughthe price at that loose was hazel; 0I,50 for a. comzi dera-ble Pnition Of the new shares whlich that Company -is to create for-ensuring the construction of two nlew linies promised by the Gel- rament. and( to be directed, one towards Lyons. the other towardis Voolenece-liaes,t -e estblishment of which wFillallow the Coinyany to take its share in the goods traffic and the coniveyance, of -travetllevs, who tornm a dlou'ble current from Plaris and Marsmelles toweards Fiedmosit and Switzeriaxd. The imaprovement of this Comnpanyes credit, showon by tIme immrediate rise of its sha-,res directly i t Jadl treated wi th our Association, has been foirius a flattering proof of the public confidence:. N2ever lias the isiiu- rers of nur pattonaze bean sanre prompt or more manifest. Another treaty, concludedl with the Ardlenmes Railway Comrpany, hasbhad results not le,ss fortunate for it. Ta opn,wih ncn se,ulmence of the duilicultv inthelune,had beenfouinded at thiesuggestion oDftheG(ovecn,-nnt.for exceuttuga branchlteensCred to lcauvais, and a, road feens Rheirna ts BCRivrete, Charleville, and Sedan,haed long been tratninettedin its organi7ation: and beheld its fature prospects threatened by the comipe;ition of the powrerful companies between which it was placed._ Pre-eccupfcit with a desire to give that enterprige an independent position, the Gov ernment had fromf the first held out hopes of the concessionaof acommunication with Paris.lWe have not hesitated, under these circumstances, to give the suipport of our credit to the Ardenines Company. An agreemnent was concludedto that effect; and frointhat time notonly has the Company been enabtedto arranige for the disposaI of all its shares, but their price has% suddenly and sensibly limproved, In concert with the administrators of that Company, we have demnanded the concession of a. 1ine from P-arts to Soissons and Rhei'ms-; andI the pro!ongation of tbat line towards Belgium. at ao point of the frostier wvhere it can comae into counexion with the richest coal dIlstricts, and thus render the gratest services to bothecountries, by giving to the Bel1gian coal, so necessaryfor French mianufactures, a new cuitlet, and new ineaus of transport. By the effect of our intervention, in Organizing the Ardennes Company.,we havre succeedele in placing the initerests of that Association in harmony with these of the Eastern Comxpany, which mnight, in conse(Ineuce of the establishment of the new line, be deprived of a part of the tratlic uopn whicht it must have eventually reckoned. At our request, the Arteiemres Companylhas offered the Eastern Company a 1loyal compenssation in aceepting as Its station in Paris the tceriminuis of the Ea.-tern Comnpany, whose line it likewvise uses for a certain distance. Weaeaatn wt ofdne the saniction whaich theGovrnmnt,arw hpe,wil gie t thsearrangenments. Thaks o he mpeors slictue, he rop of Pyrenean Railways wil soncomlee he oomuirtios eteeneihtCeprtsets four of them almos the only departme tsoFrne hchhv semaind, up o thtstime,entirey strage.-uto h datgso hs lowv rte M.-lutre a nd ra^ materias. Z~ tbe siZ in afe sers se the probers of fOrtili7ing the lJardes. and rendering them healthy. Our Asoeiatiou, Gentlemen, will be happy to talke part in these important enterprie. We have participated in two foreign ralways, the Swiss Western and Central. Although those two Companie ace not united by an effective amnalgarmtion. our intervention will have the effect of establishing between them a real connexion. ftem wbieh each must derive great ~lvant ,c and it mwill give fresh activity to the simultaneous completVon of tliUnes vbhich they have to work These roads are. moreovcr, tme prolongation and indispenSabte coinemient of three important Erench ines. Those of the East by idle. that of Lyons by thc Jura, which is crossed at two places, one by the Verrires and 2;cuchatel, the otherbyJougne-Mas nne - finally, that froma Lyons to Geneva, for the intercourse betwb-een the South of France and the Grand Valley, formned by the slopes of the Jura and theAlpM sorich. sofertile. and soindustriuns. Anticipating the establishment at Mladrid of an institution of " Crielii MrObfer"anslegns to our own, we took an interest, already some months since, in a considerable operation. having for objects the canalization of the Ebro, from Saragossa to the sea. and which is so closey ronected withthe prosperity of Spain. We have not yet been able, in this instance, to free from the difficuities vith which it was strugglinjto no purpose, a Company for which, it appears to us, a fine prospectis reserved. Two ether transactions, the formation of which was announced in c-e ltreport,have benz established dringthep pastyear. Welallude to the amnig-mnmatien. or the Omnibus at Paris, and the constitution of tI* Generl Maritime C tompany. 1c spite of the difficulties of a complicated oyganisation, the General s.Dnibus A-oclat,ion, tht the same that it increaed the amount of the an taconumohug4iou'wbiehitp~aystot'he city of Paris.bhas been able to ilDav-e its service, ameliorate its stock., and s,ussent considerably the number of Plces for ublic accommochiatio at the recanced fare of 15 cenfimem, Thu-, by t'lOad Of wcll.conceivred financial combinations, it s pmlnheat nc toirarese he roitsonthe capital, to satisfy the bTcety,xthimaespComaniyvrhas beten m9alaeet unepcl e f alreads obanedewinthi wcr, we itsIorknotdt sthckat ahOuh wheu the sa4i4isementa Cf the CriinsastwSr bad inercAsosd~ culliis of zMVwsildiug by thia want of hAnds; Aismeqnenily itcefdol ITrA.edl slowlg h) thb, Crea ti ~)mbtt,lr4~a hyfr Ploged for tb t=ao only apart of itg capital. Nevertheless this (obItyany hwas 3 more tha ves"els, ateascesr an sailingships, Kit ued or buil b7 it, cm confitiions relatively ad'rantageous ; it has, ssides, beenL able toundlertoke severainseiitlme operations of acertahli im-portanoe, sand to ensure its co-orperation in priVate fittings out at stveralofOorPorts. It will heespe7illy in the present yeas-, from tho time that the Company will possess a noiee complete working- stock,, that its operatiooaw vll. asume arnaiipormnnee. But, aswe stated toyou lastyear. " Commercial France expects a stil greater service from the laritimne Companiy. We allude to the fosrmation of the transualantio lines, destined tofurnish3 regular comn- Constant in that opini On, w e b-ar a neglectea notUng, in Ord er to ensure its realization. rn that view we have been =fyto awocltat olur efforts with those of a Company whIch has preceded us in this track, all the steps of which h-ave been marked siith success and whichi will' Dowerfully contribute by its expertence to carry out to the senemal zatisfaction the se%vices3 to obtaiin WhichL 'We are jointly renetratedl with thle desire of doing in this career (niew for French shipping) as well, if notbetterthantuo special complanies,which with great allowances froma Governm ezt ace at this tiume chiarred with such services In England and America, we have toendere.t for thae coneacsion of our transatlantic lines on conditions based upon the experience required in the Mlediterruean Services, and those of the packeta cesablished abroad. In the ne-gotiations of whichi this undert-aking MAY be the object, we shall he on3 ourguard against tthecuthustasnaof competitioni . ot wi5hing to emuose ourselves to a chect, which would be ruinous to our shareholders and might compromuise for a long period the prospecta of our mercantile navy. Wye have finaliy tomrention, Gentlemen, an affalrof gr-eatimoportaune to the city of Paris, anid the Successful conclusion of which we deemit anlhonour tohbavebrought aboutby our interveution, 'Wealtudeto the amalgaMation of allrbeoldGasCompaniesinaoneunidertaking. Forseveraly-ear, those Compaies perceiv-ing the Approachng termlination of their concessons, had endeavoered to obtaini prolongations ; hut all their efforts had failed before the decided intention. whichx the 'Enperor had mnanifested, of obtaining tor the public service ot the city, and that of ita inhabitants, not only a considerable reduction in the price of lighting, hut als the introduction at a low rate of the SPPlrCati5n of gas to the various nees of manufacturing and householdI use In order to reply to thAtfertile idea, theC~orapantes sought 1i 0usOTn DI their interestathe MeaneolOf a0COrnPlshinK for their, industtry the fresh Iicogressrequired from it. .That problem,. the aim of which had been indicated by the Empeor himself, has been suiccessfully solved by the adoption of a tariff which corresponding by the reduction of its sates withi the requirements andI nUezs.s of alU claues of consumers, ensure for the gas manufacturer att Increased consumption, sufilciently considerable to promise in an early future fell compensation for the present sacrifices. It w-as in the followine terinathat his Excellency the lt mister of thxe Interior expremed himnslf in the report to the EmPeror, whielisprecede% tile decree approvingc the treaty concluded with the City of Paris -,-Theseunexpectedcoord.tttioussulbmitted by Your orders to the Municipal Commission have made a sensiole impression onk that amsemhbT. Byvitsrusolutiou offtho 2fhof Jr4vit has.re.dily Acepted themL san3it that2resolution for your. Majest'S~aPprobstiois. The Commissmion has therein. recorded the. respectful expiression of its grateful sentimenta for the deep and constant Solicitude with which Your Majiesty watches over Parisian interests." In this manner, Gentemen, the interets of the city and those of its inhabitants have beer protected ; at the same tiino that, by the yery effect of cheapness, the new Gas Ctompany has obtained for a long series .of eartsa certaity ofproitta, hichwillbe so muchL more certain as they will repose upon the requirements of agreeter numoer. Insa city so populous and extensive as-Paris, whlere the consumptiorn of gas,bhitherto hmnted by high rates, eill represents oxly avery smalI fraction of theop(rti~ona amount which it reaches at other places in?lluropo.in Lodon for Lustance-tliis branch of industry cannot fallofo otaining promapt and lasting success. The fundamentalidea of this combination hns beenL deduced froin the numerous exaraples supplied by the hstory of nodern commnercial enterprise, which Show that whenever an object, corresponding with a general reqLuirement, by a diminution in'ts rice, quits the categog. of expensive articles to enter that of articles oF genera usre, an, infallible success attends the change attempted. So fptr as the question of gasa is concerned, the combintion proposed by us was immediately accepted, to the Satisfaction of all the partier. interestedl; anad already the dirt steps of the new Company justif y our antiCipatiobs. The total consumption. which in 1850 was 33.000.000 of cubic mnetres, r'ose in I655to 38,000.0OoOof mnetres ; and that increae, produced in a great degree by the mere explectationl of a reduction in the rate, whic wasto take Plate from thelIst of 3January, 1810, has continued during the first monLths of thLe present rearx. W ith respect to the operation of the Salt Works, svhlch we mentioned t?ouye last Year. we have continued preparing the aLmalgamation, the object and basis of which we have indicated to you. The delay of admninistrative uritiqviis has retarded the definitive constitution of tbis affair, which under a pfovistoana form embraces at this moment the Principal salt works of the south of France. All the operations of which we have just briejly traced a list have taken place without our havinig to diminish the facilities which we are accustoerndto affOrd, Gu the Plarts R,xchiange by means of the continuations which we effect ini the Public funas and shares of comPanies, anid writhout ouircurtailing the amount of our investmnents in Tr~easury Bonds. Nevertheless, you will comnprehend without diffilculty that a pruident administration must be careful to establihL on definitive oases the resources. of which tin credit allows the disposal. It in with sch object that, in conformity with the privileges accorded by o-ur statutes, anid conformiably to the views whilch influenced the foundation of our Society, we considered that we ought, in September last, to Proceed to the issue, of our debentures. Thiat was the firnt applicatien of the s7ystem provided for by the 5th anld 7th articles of our statuites, a Bystem 'which we developed bet ose You at our first meeting in thes-e terms "Our debentures wBi be of two kinds. Tihe first, issued ferna short Period, muLst correspond with our various temporary investmenots thae others, fssued wvith remote dates of payment, and reimnbursable by re-. demption, will correspond with the investments of like nature which we shall have madle either in rentes, or in shares or debentuires of Manufacturi ng coinpsafaes. "'According to the economy of the system which serves as the basis of our Association, these zecurities will nLot only ble Secured by a cer. resDonding amomnt of funds, purchased uander the control of Gjovernmaent, and the united total of which will afford byv appication of the principle of mutuality the advantages of a compensation and decvision of the risks, but they will have ocoides the guaratee of a capital, which for that object we have increased to a considerable amount." At that time wre adlded further:-- " We cannot think- of issuing our debenLtures at long dates of pay. menat beffore we have completed our capital. It w-as necessary thait these debentures should enjoy the dlouble guarantee which our statutes assured them,-tihe existence of the social capital, and the realization of purchases made upon a basis suIlicently widle to give our investmneiits the requisite importance andI stability." Finally, the result of those issues was thus sho wn ,'The definitive result of the operations of the, 'Cr~idit Uobiles,' hen ft shall have taken all the dev-elopments provided for by our statutes, wfil be summed up apart from the revenue of our capital In the difference of interest between the total of its loans and that ofits inivestraents. Having attained that point the variations in price Would to a certain point be indifferent to us, since ouir profits would be based upon the revenaues and not on the fluctuations of the capital." With regard to the proper time for this issue 'we hiad long awaited it, for an, institution lixe ours must not risk any mpeasure withoult hav,ing tak,en every Precaution for assuring its suCCess. That opportunity we considered ir e had found. Never since its foundation had our Association been in circumnstances SO favourable as there of wvhich we took advantage for carring our psroject in)to execution., in fact, at that timie our profits, a considerable portion of which was realised, amnounted to more that 28,0t0,tOO; further profits were a-sured upon affiis in couni of execution ; and, however unifavourablelporsible occurrences might be up to the end of thec year, a mlinimaUma of`28.000.000 appeared to us ircevocably required. A pos~ition so brilliant and so sure shouldI not howeverexercie any fsasination upon our mindsa The reuilts obtained might be Properly considered as the effect of peculiar cirecumstances. and wve were beuneci Oi' behalf of our shareholders to give our first attention to consolidatin thre roitsby akig hemsero frthe augmentation of our avidn the neocssityoftex raiations ofc had d asec urius ti ises24,Gcor deetrespodn wtthhe Susrpatment fof awdivien wso considpeerabe.tIn short doub hrhlneors capifrte is ntalmbemssfatisu of debentures aceptind in theymarent, and thus give, more0 firmness te tthien arice Such aret theuons,ideraiwonswhchhd deoepybecidted ust tJanuer 24000 1st July, 181. The advertisement annowancingthat measure had been preceded bya mnost profound consultation, and all ita expressions were maturely eonsidered. In the economy of the system adlopted, thle amount of the dividend wlas not definitivelyvfixed; all latitudle on chaLt subject had bees, Pursuant to the statutes, reserved for the general meeting. In the improbable ease, wherein the dlividend, voted by that'general meeting, should not reach the amount contemplated. all reductionL of such amount iovord then have been simply a redaction in thle rate ot issue of the debentures Feow, according to the statutes, it in among the attributions of the Board to determine, accirding to its views, evenl Contingently, the rate at which it conwidera the social debenture ought to he issuied; and as, on the other hand, the subscription was reservedI exclusively for the sharillolders, that which they would not have received in the Shape of dividend would accrue to themn assa reductionl in the price of issue ; so that the measure determiihied on by us had the double advantage of being thorouglily conformable to the statutes, and could Not. in any ease, cause the least dletriment to outr shiareholders IWhnat took Place han, m oreover, prov ed thocprudence sand solidity of Our views. N'either the altered aspect of affairs, nor the crisis causedI byv repeatedl bad harvests, nor the continuation of an expensive wvar, nor the restrictive mDeasures of the Bank, ofFrance. which, alarmed at the exportation of our specie resrve, had consideredI it ought to contract, to a considerable e-xtenit, the lacilities which it afforded trade; nJor tlhe elevation of the rate of interest to an amounlt uskoauw since 1815, nior the dlownward reactiont which those measures must induce, and which,filmct, theybhare produced,intheiiriceofrenitesandlother Sccurities,-none of theze unfavoirable and unforeseen circumstances have biestt able to diminishl the uamount of our Profits, wihich, in Spite of the decductions commiandled by pruLdence, st-ill remains fixed above the suins anticipated byv us more thani seven months eince. Also, Gentlemen, in making known to tIre public tlhe resolution onl wlitch wve had just determined, after a lonig and mature deliberatlon, we hart no maore.. aplrehenstin, as to the buccess thlan doubt respecting the legaliY Of the mneasure we had adopted. -The well-grounded hope of excectional profits, in view of whidch the issue of ouir debentures war resolved, caused a considerable rise in the price of our shares; and speculation speedily seizing that3 movementt, gave it exaggerated propGrttons. Strangers by systemn to every idea, of Ispeculation relative to a measure, the realization of which was out miost cherised wish, our deepest consideration, wre behold with great regret the Price of our securities rise rapidly, foreseeing but too clearly tile reaction which miight follow. But, Gentlemen, that which we could not formeseis the calumny for which thlese inovements in the price of the sharer have been the signal and pretext Is it necessary to declare it? N one of the Persoun who har-e the honour of managing your affair- has-e ezzaaged undler these circumistances~,in operation)sforarise orfauli.otursecirrities; sndholdtag up our heads belffly we can tling pack, even upon those who have niot blushed to shlield themselves wander falze attacks, the responsibility of the speculations whichl it hat been attempted to convert into a wreaponi against us. We sincerely acknowledge, Gentlemen, that ine ardlently desired to findI ours-elves in your presence, inordler freely to give utterance to that indignation, the express,ion of which issto much, more soleniss as itha% been necessary for us to delay its public manifestation forea longer period. After all, the mneasure whirchwe have adlopted is sefticiently j ustifiedl by itself, and in every resect; also we have provisinally renounced its execution only in obedience to the Dositive desire of the Government. YToi, Gentlemen, wvill easily comprehend that w-e could not hesitate to giv thils testimony of ready comnpliance, even if State reasons, on whichit is n-ot foc us to pronounce, had not rendered such compliance an imperative necessity fernus. Befoe si teaetlisubject, allow US, Gentlemen, togiveosame urthier explanations, which teus ap'pea r necssar, for completey understatnding the object which in concert with you we are puinsing. WVith a capital become relatively feeble. in consequence of the extenSion given to bualness withia the last few years, the services whlich we could, reludervwould betirnitedif credit did not tome to our aid, and supply us as it has hitherto done with abundant resources. But it would be imprudent to found oPerations of sonic duration on thenmnanencs of these facilties whlchz are necessarly v-ariable, w2etha respect our Position is analogous to thai of the Bank of France. In' fatd, it tscettain that if the Bank of France were net indebted to credit for the greater part of the reslource at its disposa, and if, on the appearance Of certan symp)toms, such as the diminution of its current accontsor te mre requnt nd apidexeaor ofiI ees twr net compeled to reuco its avances moe orls udnl,tedi celtcs esulingfro thecriis oulde cnsieral iiihd o shose conve2ieneso 5 far as v e axe concerned. do not exist in the same degree. htill there are Perids like those wc have justtraversed, in which the Public necessities added to those of our ow.n connexions may force upon us extraordinary realizatioris. hose difficul.ties wourl disappearwith the issue of debentures at a long date. Withlthataugmentationofcapital therewoouldhea corresponding absorption of floating securities-those which speculation has been uniable to placcde ulttvery.snd whlcheonseuent;ywctghro much more hea,ily on the market, as their total aniount becomes exceptionally increased. during difficultt periods. Other considerations, referringr more particularly to the nature of the services which we are callea to render to manufactures operateo in favour of the utility of issuing our debentures at long date. In . oeder really and e2dcacdou31y to facilitate the developmnent of industry in this country, it does not sufIlce to contribute, as we have done with success, to thc organisation of the great enterprises relairing the employ-ment of 50,000,000, iO,t0 000 M, and even 300,000,000 of capital as was the ca'e with the AustrianBailways. Snchextent-iveoper-. tions, when they aro well organized and well administered, can at the moment of their irssue obtain on the principal nioneyrnyarkeh of Europe a sale by which the lockinag-up of caPital can be avoided. It is not the same with undertakings of iron works, muus,and manu. fatotner on a large scale, requiring a capital of 2,00,C00, 3,000,000, or 4,000,00. For such enterprises facilities of negotiating are evidently wanting, until the period wvhen the products can allow a Positive. India. putable appreciation of their advantages. UntU inow we have not been able to afrord them support, because we could not lock up our social capital and devote to them the temporary resources at our disposal. There are excellent operations of this description and vry numerous: those which have been proposed to us, and wLich, from prudence. we were oblied to decline, have not been carried out or are notfullv developed. Itis for requirements, we might even say for necessities, ofthis clas that our debentures at long date would be more particularly appll table. Such, Gentlpmen, are the views which guided us when we decided onl making the issue which we have iust mentioned. We were dedsrous of expl ining them to yon at some length, because it aPpeals to us that tibs important measure concerns not only the particular interests (four Aasociation, but themostgeneral interest. We have already alluded, Gentlemen, to the iMpAssioned And 'Yste, matie attacks Of which our Arsociation has beer the object; the diepasagement has not had for soloecause the consUdation of our inti. ution andits increasing prosperity3 it ba also forpgrexttbe imntant Operations to which several important stateshad invitedus, hlbad received only a very incomnplete organizationl givenup, as itwas, to individuals morn lesinfuential, and whose yolnt of niew was necessarily conSaned within narrow limits. Glo-ernmenth for their loansr the mawnufactutring interest for lih woy>} pod comwcrce Ipjjb sPeeZtQQP, wsce for along tiolcobllgeJ to endure the law of those irnlividualitIes, whnoe exigencies must, nTurll fonatioen o inspootitot ts terpvli of thile s nemdiridedon GIs, ae*"nd of the sOpiritof absencetof everinst tablorins:ietioeol.sTo the ntaturiederersupp f ing tundst aitingmiexclusbivelyforteir pner- conditiOn. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~ofini 0! reaCtin ofthe pIri ol ssoc ation aantt~o indtof . Tov I ec therntra n esn of caitlites,cing dexlsvelypen ion theirpercrdi,on] accunt, has moleed nthbe init iatn hoaenufcsrof.andeomrea boier, wintheu exstnc aodraanntagesi o of whihoou thoushandin ohi-h Tonc bsuc fouendtion lead. erfee, noehn, aut aAmongdedetotall,3ofhiahtbciveateltinhadvantages which were lonsithen mo-nopl ofdi instit;tonsthenolheruhand, thoewt wmhachptihn ofmGoernmaeUts, O , manuactres an osnce Aencefort there wii a hor inoetensveal evesopment nl thrve publi moiere ihu andap ofrgaiztio of cmfi,treditanloos totht bi wic woras; hasdt takgenthe l oe rifuad.ei eutssr ncuae nientg thefll Statmes hchhv feltrowhc the necesty o orgnizn ofthen Atbduis credt Intttos nlgu toa tose wthe wihethe Crdt MOpeo bile.sa endowdaom, the sthertin-oinemofanew " foer utrhe adevelpaent Afnitse winch wri frthin aestorationtervalhs bneen able toe iprove.th wetorts; land.o pmyrecatehw comreitulende theirreultaret enouaemetscW drv frouilaeB taned.As establish nito nwCeitlgfentKof th bile.hat bmiecom hTtae the strtnapit of a ew esafo the drevelopmebnits limits a Society for Credit IfobUier : but, unfortuni'tely. according to our view it has been founded00 bases too exclusive which, to our get regret, has prevented our sccepting the share Aihtc we should have beenwilling to take insit. Truie to thxe ideas we have arayepudd euer,rsetn the neoeesity of creating an mnternational credit, we have preferred to renounce the benefiti of COnTentions, 'which we had prepare with the Austrian Government, for the organization aLnd execution of thin im- Amon oter pint, w coud nt cosen toadmit the principle of Itericton xprsse wih rgar toalfirsindependent of Mattecs have proceeded otherwise in Spain. and the new institution has been endowed in that country with thle most ample and mnost libersi powers. Spatn so olong given up to aU the agitationis of politics, to all the misecrie of civi war: Spain, scarcely recovereil from hier revolutions, has understood that the bea-t policy of the mooment is that which by givng gratimplsetoitscreitandpubicworks would offer a fr saeshmbjctfo the activityade gverniudets of theiaton fn wul con ba-ei woraton thme beatnmoimprsentwhich tis situatgonal bth Eurboea poue salaios, and-u othnew nimt toyb alid tO ipnteringl,and blvbend their interests.he gea rsuts Abo hipain improerly cnsiderd a por lcou try ieoid of cresot,rces, posseseS, n th contary, he mstfritfu elmets finacsthawic ao counry cn beendoed. rorienceeas vi ped haps -iteeagerindyo oulyoputn ento te isulaion f itproiayeex,cnesietingthem anduniingthe bythenotlee pocefl bnd f a boy org Sanisaho of credit.ofoni Th staesmen c whol priesidezovetratheodestainiesof hs ieconr haettO foiln tm en & enpreffh Vsleda ithe th~ies situatizn but 'withou the muesbismt of seiuslses fnortmainy a-il eseBut span mightno hebee haemobracingd fithethsam the oudeta nospefean organization of credit,fro 'which its hopednoIoenthjtlcoeid for the reetalshrtfispeinances thanfo cutheydtvehophentmPof eet1 itnusr,s ainhad aoped, prastoe ry ever proeciwichappere osae at thisraceger. nnoe Time ill dubtlss moify ~ha here cay b excoessiv inThe numbr o th asocitios whch avehee sactined% by ithe Spaich Experienco~~~~~ wilidc eosrtono licneine of cinpThitio inr a ias ofe Ocasion towreplt the fnearlst whchithan s beoen haveobtaied foromteotsn tet dangOterofec rgatnizatone of crsledit; wIch its Govenrnmreent- has usedtlg cboniedo the prosperhity ofthce cu tr aute impryovkement fitrhtfinandces. u h hv be raned`i`u has the gareaes inteeti eodn this regeneratof iongo move-c maent- note oenl an interetaif degneexion.atc bto asocialPintereast The ciiexresio of eLoues tme,theret arcnoPmored otreneast ith whichthe apresesiof nsdridh reetlys hatiled th xie found tionof detheuGenera Socaiety fofrSptish nrot toedebivoer,t can.- becomee areay onlyn the po then( Iondissotieond ofe creimt,s agiultr,adidstysalhv Formned bewenthemn tao naton theonoply durabe aiancIbreae-ta sofmIn otheres natind aetment.bc aoran moybv pEil o lthis,aperhaps,o ispothe occasinto repaivlyt thereatrs whctthan been ctmry attempte tor extacte arespEctiangtedane Hofsd criteatind,forndcaugreat Iat has beemnyrereetd rase sendingtarossad hercapita whino he iance ugchte mostcreully Bto teeat wherselF;randcte mosses n who e bigeen called ipo toe taeniso passtcinathisn mtvemenirt of expganszaion,O Frechha talentnaed beeU n ins ceracinl a-dege hindcrated~ tinpstieopiions as badfor catizeuof itsh crenitnesalsents,arbto tuheppOoGd to thenastiona spirits fonainfo snttedaor to whcarry o intover m vind the po fround o convictiton.wihaiae s France,ti entlemen,3IO--h hatenomonoplyof capital.e ther allte some oathers nhations pamrns.oong whcpaoradericnZomyahavepssil axccusiveilated mssio of disposaile wealthroaelativelya gratrthan devour conuntry Suc,ore instane,ae Eypth nglanedb Holand Switehrlande,an ay gurea wez ofn Germaney.- Thregr miasa of ntrst s eti g ftefc wIc hY we pontl outBu that wheeriichranes rposessesting the haithes dere tiese treagnsciuns ofavsociationbthiespirt ofargaisasotionf wuhichha rtvCaY- editSeItsfnniad a~ ltDai finstitution thbyPthecforExcatgeon ofts credtestblshent, whyc t'hey wooudahnotrhatvo ofa its rlay.tisthe saDedgefentime ntof ity which allowcite toa avocids the eroitrs o cmettin Tow.ewhateorxeignersofkofu is ela3ntopoft u dgod, uteourwowerof norgonlya aul,bteaseienta n:te tcrediswhegaattac hes ntionall theiope. rahtin tha wel phartrenise. orahon 'period England wan rexceusivly In posesono that highopatrc ony,e whichcasioparftly devolve on us, still morelby the syptyisiedb:h-rnhchrce,b u natsralhaptiuepy thea ?onfidence maerit ed on so, manyth ground,nb then inau craom econlitoour speciare ischols, than byrthe capital wkdu wcathin destin toi fortieign tranactions. nit o e efsh Itmay tho trulaMy sai thatote deriplaens representingethecapitalh ofr fo these trnacinsehavelus cobsdrtaioned, atw enteriotof uthen-eai Of rityaseceso afirm,ti-leationgsanteiosto aricewing ons bepncip ali Echang mspesofentoedi ta credi opwhichattm thaywudnt thae had en ofthe minetdere aiflthe whadh not pcvousymencedivedthat specmietsof Tas dePn toutistrselvest of thselen dsofa pOft ande infuec wditould tthe a spries well curhar actezedt by the Empnex!On Inewhe wormd recwentl tvari ou thaes ipomati ody, ete on the occasilon of the ith of, th tI sue Plcshappy that spprovidncheletn setimee afron,e at the momen whetunean teranfod,b rheonciliatiode-hclares isealfo hneuorop.h willabredu ctehim Prithile thiscsentiment thad athen adustemnet oe suepeshplan that the itranqueilliety ofErp depebUrnds Onain thepoprt ofd teiday. o. facts,e wii everio, takngesasthtteei an andntac, vhchlnsabeein mali Apr rmteegeneral considerations,hatth wealh oeontery Int athedtain t ceiously o mip eteding atehe opDoieposed o tt tvutw, thteperaeivitha ofsthein vAusIrinotpreveynt whicei ceeommence wi the emarilu foeigns hatfns upn thisPathmeolefteatithendisposalrof Faance,iin addition to the quirote rhealhed, muholdno meeail than itoha direttawn frovmeit.ta thpoevaious paces of Ethoe , einthereonthe creactea oy thae reest&oentendring tor byt resablsond of new crediterfable o bment, wnll henceforth Teilat furtherv af intrm,tht tssiuhe ceunexi nrecily fomedt beutween athe'germaeagletoluthen new transafcutinstbez dhichtrted amongi alle thsePlaces; that the supoT rt Inthdreinslo t nceffrirdiped by awise h retunrned tnfld,byrthe nfacil'tieshichwimpshalblhetceforeeth uabroado fh or eliznu aioaprtions of thsgadPolmW e greatest Mth unionrOrth. TPe princalesawhichet woul burp;indthe advancement of nehpteopl upon thPae impoverismnteofreitghbouringttonpsed hav hatheopirtday. Atwhish time everyd onete unesand ta t thereu0 Is aou aadvPiantae in the geniusandrtseriy wands thathhe wealths counr oneb cuthirycn attainits vullpmexantgeableaucolyb the rmvlocextistncbrrer voflcorresponding wathe in other countries. dmiutonin hecm o Besies,on akin th Opofsite proinctsove, wsterpefreiv ea that naton i th pth ofcrdi andtindustry;andonsendwednaturallyare quirwheher twold oft ho bttuner tof drorectsthat moveien thanmi oppoe itin itthe u anion Of Hunterest creSated by the reltation tendng t ge estblihed e n thpefral toia ban-en, o Tand possibly a hostile insulation.ay ntrdutin jtoth Tha idntiy o ineretoi sGod mush mrew praeiosals itodcn tan an thgeeamreal sltiedon Of th natcites, wich aro t thiLr os timen op eset, rseiyta the expnson or api ation o f h pioetples. tof whise the souIon oflhsgad pr obdceltem willdea fudi h no of watisccouveathe p orincipal esablismndctsiof Euopte; irnzatheoa laton whaich theyn geniuseraned thoe wnsuofr the vsious countries,ory the,imm nsedvelopent.d whichso the remvalof eprentain harres wougld produe (inteJ_ generfaltconsumpionduty Otust onlyotoyi befogothen Gipentatemen,ht aftera all capita isote producht ofaiveulaure anndotrmPade.n wheryfiimn the coeren,ststie1 fariPcation or dt of the arae iofe ruharkduts is thereforUe a i relmultiplicsatio haf public ndf ptivte weraltprh.ibitions ande iunivhdnais rt ric EPronl in onsderatio haf the numboerOitesu of prdutw theiradisosal. Conferroingtfell ausefuona thelad mofmHngarye or Spain byrtheuestab lmishmen of it wmiParolonstetutes, imi peoInt of meauew sp euat wesib fathesefarxOtherwis cruaiportant tathhsne discvey orSworigo th e~o'" modelt of lAbur.testrla socrcalifor eni.Te serc frStre o orn oreferale to tat of old mins, andth weasydingroduthon snol tef Frech semiteryofareutireof ofoode Aandcoausaerieate. rofu ate aer chnent rleateaong the adjoining se atutous. so rae osqe forteviu utioentprseritypo thleanalthe imortationr ofm s owih has the resoult of pldaprejudie,o th, e ideaso wealt iat texusvey.1at-% Moreo hver taen indcicatino the om sactior nso whichBar hav Adeen ment ofnatoa. nuty Our onlye aolog is inlthe euspxdlb te statemnufwhat we, hav dne aend whatbwert havpeiotemLToplatien when TheMaovenment, aautYoud tcol shal have taen f the temory persohibton which,e tn the spirit of superior prudence,fultihadnt tmposenon the isuxocewoeratiose That pohbiton,Ouefu atd the momentiwhen extewance prnotatce. migh, ifit ere rolngd , wl exte beyond lall m easre pclaini ment f laour,the ole our cof eguenera eldig teslfi cacius ausofarducionOfuinervest,n a end joinsequenty Ofthes permanet eevaioi ofAll readit s enerites. svial srie W Preios o etein uOn thateanalyODs for hccut which we Bar havet hdThe honure of pisciner beorte you, wemutislea of the chatut es whch havcre toke pa centlc thc comporition oftwour Boar ofv Adinitrs- aTld those of orassointation, i xedytte flrertat ofat m 15 leadc nOt Cadouncild hasmfferd themx to two pesns,ewhoappea.Hsred gtoih-c coaofe whch demads atoen the saetieoeprine,iitaiv. hessrsnc. o AugustasThuxrueent endcd ey laice hv osetdt accpt Zur ber, and ecom our colu3gac . f toetatnofbtcnrtlt usle o en ondb hs w ask ymourtcof mmltion ofbthat eetion frorwhich thf Bad adt take metasurtes cofrmably tos th 2thacce f hesttues Thetly,ute dota Gamount wot wanh or cilieage heaad t rsin,in adthoe of-i our5 association,tion ofthe fl etu tof a isinhchw ocnacceped by the Boaerd. is2,87913 O Ur assetsiaonsituation, on thelast otoems ls, wnbiya to that of an II C. F. C 1. Rentes. 4009.264 40 2. Debentures .'.IO 20 3. Rallway aid other shares.. -. 60,412,5 CA From which is to be deducted for 112345,45 26 calls, not made up to 31st December last ........311l6d6 26 7 ' 101,178,739 64 Our investmentsfor a fixed perod, inTrma yBonds, continuations, adv-ances on shares, debentures kc., 81,325,190 09 The vs-lee of the premlseaandfurniture, notwithetend- ing the necessar,y enlaLrgement of the building, bhe been reduced by a deduction from the profits of the lastyeartto . .. .. .. .. 1,03,219 37 1lastly. The disoabie balane in hand atndatthc 101,193 bank, and the amount of dividends to be received 31st December last ....... .. .. .,.,.S9St,l9 26I Total of assets .. .. 192,567,708 361 It is evident, Gentlemen, that ve have not been sparing of our cooperation. Rentes. shares, debentures, Treasury bonds, continuations, loans on security, in aword, every form of credit, las found aid and support on our rart. And yet it is under such circumstances tllat the most violent controversy lan been raised against us; anunfair advantage being thus taken of the silence which an establisnent like ours lahudto maintaw. resecting its operations. On this occasion, Gentlemen, (wve cannot too often repeat it,) wie aro not commissioned to rePair the errors of speclation- *we have neither the mneans nor the desire to direct, still less to control it; and whatever han been or mzay hoe said to mislead agpimn respzecting te objec whicha is assigned to us, we should think we betrayed our miseion of geseesh utility and superior encoum gement of the national industry. by yielding at certain periods to the lutweset excitereent dbaned iagainst us in various quarters. 'F. e The total amount of retefer, shares and debentares, in hand, whicb, on the 31st Decemir15, w as 460,092 91 Has been augmented by rubscrlytiors and purcasses made durng the year 15. 5265,830,907 03 Total. . 323,2 97 The amonnt of reslization5 having been .217.M2,M Z To Which must be added the amount ofarities remaining in hand.. '1l,34,45S 26 349,347,8 o0 There reSUlts a Eft of . ., 9068 63 T TeBot- rfgt eirof5t p'rofo its Mriin frO jnea.c adinerstO SOenthaamunet rot e4 elif, nd hartables' 5 dona.1tions . .. .... 139.005 2-2 - .- C.- 26.06O,&8 63 1,4207.478 57 1,336,791. 74 3,020,412 77~ 19,200 75 Z1,870,776 46 50,093222 51 From this amount Of Profit we have farther to deduact the following items:- Exttraordinary7 sinking fund on the lacesuat"m, in Order to brimgback 'P. C. the amunOt tothe Ptirhasoprice .. 520.283 15 ytedtircions oniate cost price ofsecu- ritee ntqute chelange .. .. 220,267 9 ~haaea ulems *. . 100,00 2,011,235 12 Balanceof prOftson the 1st of December. 155.. 28,08-0 C01 59 You xwrcelve, Gentlemien, that without deducting anything from to be carfull in Pseseisting as net profit only what was really obtained, mnaking all the reductions which prudence might rugest, Aarong the items whlich come into deduction from the Profits you will have Observed the loss which we shall bare t0 slustaIn upon1 purchasec-toeom, wl'L eonsifcedtath%t, w e ought to) lale a6broad, for an object wh ich you will coprehend without difticulty. Oaer situation ms too comnplex, our prosperity is too closely allied to the general welfare for utohestt ne eoscmiltlcst impseo,owaei-e'sarffcecommanded by the public interest. We Ide Sortf w mustorbzdm add iode obaution.yo against any erroneous idg fth'future annual accounts, that our profits hv enecp tionalky increased thin Year by the part, which we have tak-en in the constitution of l1arlousiprntafr. 'We coiuld ot, en SOhimportan affept thereeponsibility ftepie to thc spcltion inight carryour shares. The rise in thoeasprices, athe sam timethat itimposes a,heavy task upon us, encourages bat tDoomuch hcetihty amsder,nity of every kind, latent or declared. This instliegretestobatacletothoacwmp~Usent of Our task; for our ad- Iendeavour to condemn us to a state ot inaction favourable to their desgns bu whch oul no beles faal orus thlan for the country. We eprsen inereta cm~numrou, to rspetabe,not to 'put our On hei gurd gaist he reaestdanerto which the Out f te nt arOrut f pofis, ixe at .n t.. 28,052001 19 28s. per abase.003,M000 1 Y'ronm 3which mnust be- further do- dueted, in conformnity with the same oarticle 07, 5 Per cent, for the F. c. h 3,rv 2254,100 7 Tih; per Cnt surplrus for the admnsraos2.382,790 13 - ~~~3,638,89 20 There remnainsbanc of dividend for 105, at the rate o 178f, 70c. per share.21,44000 0 Which leaver a dispOsable balance of . 1, 191 inb e caviieedto the credit 01 t'he next accrsunt. If you accept this proposal, the Portion for each share in the proceeds of 1852 will have been 203f. 70c.. viz. -Y lnstalment distributed ist January, 196 .. . 25 0 Ealaneof &sidedpapbtela3ul3text . .. 175 70 Together ... 203 70 Gentlemen, we have recapitulated the operations of last year, and considered with you the excent of the results obtained. If now we c.atteur emeuportt. htthe p reecnt appeserto promise us5 we hallH there rind fresh motives for conifidence. The mnemorable event whichx hasjnst beenaccomolihed-the treaty of Paris, whichtuaites the mnost powerful nations of Eurtope--opens an era altogethier new for the nations. * Freed.fcom.ttle anxieties audumnprouctidce expenses of war, it wil hienceforth be towards the development and usefuil aPplication of the immensese Power at the disposal of modlerni societies thaLt Governmentts and people wil direct their activity. The successful and fertile initia'tive of which France, under an au5ust influence has given the world an example cannot delay produceug its fruits. The nations 'which have umuted for 'war wgill be stilt more ciosely unutted for peace, find receive in the enalarged bands of their mnutual alliance even those whio were recently their enemies TheO East to hu mors closely connected with our civilization, and its anceient prosperity to be restored ; AMeans of commiunication coors rapid and less expensive to he opened for the populations and produces of both hemispheres; Utilizing on an extensive scale possessions vwhch the bravery and.l Perseverance of our ermies have conquered on the A-frican soil;" New regionr to appropriate to our requirements, by the development of our navy ; At home, agriculture fertilized, by a closer alliance withi commerce and mainufactures ; Capital multiplied by association; The benefits of credit extended, by a sucemssful and. wise applicationx of the fruitful principle of mnutuality to all professions, to the classe" rho least favouLred by fortunoe among those undertaking manufacturing concerns;- Such are, Gentleiemen, the great object,, the present generation can henefoth ontmplte ithconfidence; such is the end toward% whic it usttend witoutdistinction of niationaality: such is the wor ofwhih w shllhave been at least the precur-sors claim the merit Ofeforthaving ergiven Ions; has benebyasdy o al of sbscritionueampled befor To national industry- a ce-operation, direct or indirect, for all great trudertakcings.ame fretwil prove theirduancest.ir oxm aclim Finaly,to uroe. te eampe o anInstitution the limmense Extract from the minutes of the sitting of the Ordinary GenerAl Meeting of the General Association of Cr6di e 2Ibrlmer on the 2RI of Apeti, 10m. Mr.- Pcr-eire, President of the Board of Administration, in thUe ,chair, - ResoDlutions of thernieeting- After reading the,foregoingreport, the proposals intitle order ofthie day were successively pat to the 'vote, and adopted by the GEnerAl 1.Uaimously. The Meeting approves of the accounts, as they have been presented in the Report of the Board of Administration, froru I whichi it results that the balace at the credit or thle account of profits and losses amounts to 2L4~44,000L. of which was distributed Idt January, 185, 3,000,000fL, as tn instainrent, at the rate of 25f. per share. 2.Unanimously, Thre Meeting fixes at 17Sf. 70b. per shlare thle balance of dividend for 1855. which wil be palid Ist July. 18'56. 3. 'Unanimously, The AMeeting confirms the electioni of Messieurs Aeugute Thurneyssen and Henry Place, as Administratorsa * ~~~SPECIAL NOTICE. &'IERIQAL 5MEDICAL, and GENERAL LIF ASSURACE SOCIETY, 99, Great Russell-street, 2lobomsbury, London, Smixi Drivision Of Proftsa-AIl peson 'who assure on the participatig ale bfor Jue 30wil he ntiledto a share of the sixt-h TheThity-irs Anualiteortcannow be band(re of the GEORGEH. PINISARD,Resident Secretary. F] E ENERAL LIFE adFR SUAC L COMSPAN'Y. Established I837.Emoed byfipemal Act of George Bonsfield Req Chale Hindley, Ego., ILP. Thomas Challis, 4s.4d.Ad, M.P. William Hunmter. Esq., Ald, Jaco Geoge 012 . JamnesMilington, Faq., ALF. Jo--epbL DavooTL, Thomas Piper. Esq. Johni Dixon, Esq.' Thomas B. Simpsn. Rzq. Benjamin Edgrgton, Emq. The Rit. Ifon.C. FVilliera, XPL. John !l -letcejr. Esq. Edward Wilson, Raq. Low rcese, and the payment of Polces guarateed by a capital 1,000,000 Loans from 100 to 1,()0 advancoed on personal securlty and the deposit of ahlfe policy. Such loans repayable in three years, by half. yearly instalments IT NIE INGDOMV LIEASSUA ECO- B2 Y Waterloo-place, Tall-mnall, Lcono:etbihdb hpca cd~ rliarnentlM34 Annual]incomenwrif,po CHARILES VOWNS,RO .,Chirm- The Hon. FRANCI SCOTT.M', Dpt~hinn ThsCompany ofrers the securitY of a lrepi-pcptl edI Ishaves by a nmumerus and 'wealthy rsreaythspocinte assured froma the risk- attendnmualore. There have been three dvsoso profits, h6 oue averaging el l8s. 4-el pe eper eanu onte sumsasuefrm the coinmencenmont of theCmay ft:me Assre"nnue Added. 'Payable at, Death. 5,000.. . 19710 0 . . 9 8,87 10 0 4,000 . .. 1500 .. ., 5,1900 0 5.000 .. . ,910 0 . 4,192 100D 2,0 . . 9 0 0 . 2,795 0 0 500 . .. 1981is0 .. , 981is0 arosoutpaed 1es 8 an l eve addrmdtehis pforded, oila asp atch as the Thfie pi mims Lod nevrhls,aeeteeymdrt.dol Losn gratol x apro-rol.peBonuadeatTtal s ucuit , incneinwth Insurancsrnc.es.pio o. adiios,t Propecirss ad eeryinfrmaioJnuafrded on53 apicationat th. Office in . London.d ~CTIS126 W1LDOWS' FUND an LIF AISSUR1C3 ANC SSCIXY established231D4071815. Thes folmlogexamplteso bonsWtv addtountsmad to tie policis orey memberseOf thiseSociety,dat and proior o toth e hatrthperi lasinvestigato antiviin oor tePryetofis mayinermedito bonuu,inatothe adantaeofa purlycc mutualcsystm of ifseb assh uranceghr the purofits (beting freedriom, the nlespamunts0 fimreen,tisvelyPybldem atdre lcthed among ole,s theasue vnitofl t Year s Ag30e e&n, lbonusiaded-at.lyTorthalm,wtho Pofe tofd- drn atheurset Mr atndprirt' pladditions, toe W.C. 1018 29   s.d;373 5.  2 d. Theseexampes shw therespetis-eamouts fhe e beofsuchalready ~~0~lydsr~~ the curreintgseptennia perid, the payale uderthe above ponayc l ainmh now emeging,wuldibe fonsdrablyumore theaethent statd i thelas eoumn,Tlsq spposng he if,ias~dob the prot pelcy o lom dain th nrscnt ear te aorssipaa remaunderth 1~nal caeswhre hemebermenotinapcitte i anyworany from In the case of tha thunt Policy, to which there are additions of X507l9s. st.bte member, ousurrendoierngthese, mlghteithcrreceivo a~ run of 258 12s. ad in cs,Z or he maight have all future premiums exigiblo in forms of the Poalicy reduced from the original amount of 6lt 17& Sd.,to3s Or again, he might, by renouncing right to 204 Ss. Gd. of the bons have the PreMIUMi exi&ible in termse of the policy fromi this date t h closeof the Yearl1856,four inniimber. altogether extinguished, rsaervtagto imslf ciimnforthebalnceof 203Ga.Sd, ad for any fur- 1iosecuse cofomrirg ul inorratorminregard to the above, and JH ACK ZI angr WI! LINDE Y,Scta, Edinburgh, 5, St. An3drew-square Mtay 10 1856. Geoo LONDON HON;6RAfRY B3ARID. weYounsg, Eseq- Mack-lane.- Char cs Edward policlq aq barrister, Temple. David Hill, Rest_ East India-hore, John MZurry, Fee,, publisher, Albemarle-street. Samuel ILan-g, Rae,, MEP. Sir John Thom as liriggs,'Admiraity. Leonard Hfomer, Rsq., Horn6-ofioe. John Tenyor, jun., REq., CE.Cse-tetPSe London and the Sluburbs. Central Azcnt-lifsrh M'xean, 4, Rtoyal Exchange-buildings, COenhil District Agents. Captain I. S. Ridge, 49, Pall-mall, *getfor tire west end distrct. BentonSgeelvy, 2, Huaoverstreet, Reget-street. -Iaies HrrIs, 38, St. George'&aquare Bepv-ra,imllce JTohn A. Basrdon, MAfn~ggr Royal British= Z nk 69, i s-ed sooth-
I SLMGO BLECTION COUIMZITTEE. The select committee appointed to inquire into the merits of the petition presented by Mr. Somers against the return of the l*ght Ron. John Wylme, the sitting imember, met yesterday for the first tirne. The conimittee consisted of Mr. G. Butt, Chairman, Sir John Haniner, Mr. Gower, Nfr. 3foody, and Mr. Clive. lIr. James, Q-C., Mr. Morgan J. O'Connell, and Mr. Lewis were in support of the petition; and Mr. Slade, Q.C., and Mr. Hmddleston appeared for Mr. TWynne. After an unsuccessful attewpt on the part of Mr. ML J. O'Connell to adjoutrn the inquiry in consequence of the absence of Mr. James, wvho was engaged in Palmer's case at the-Central Criminal Court, the learned gentleman proceeded to open the case of the petitioners, as far as regarded the allegation of treating :oters at the election on the 7th of March last. In support of this allegation, Mr. O'Co.uneli called three witnesses-viz., lr. ZMIfe, Mr. A. Powell, and Mr. Thomas Mostyn. The last witness stated he -was Mr. Wynne's consulting and acting afgentat the last election, and positively swore there was neither bribery nor treating on the part of his client or his agents. The whole of the erleectioenepenses were under 101., of vhich sum the Mayor Mr. O CO,NELL was about to examine Robert htaveety, cabinetmaker, of Sligo, wvien he announced to the committee, on behalE of the petitioners, that he would abandon all that part of their petition which related to treating, and proceed to substantiate the allegation of bribery. Edward Killoran, of Sligo, baker, related the particulars of an interview between himself and Mr. Wynne daring the election. Witness told Mr. Wynne that he was extremely poor, and that if Mfr. Wynne would give him some money he would vote for himn. Mr. Wynne accordingly put his hand in his pocket, and gave -witness a ll.-note, saying at the same time, that if he wrere elected he would make a man of him. A person naumed Ward was present at this interviewv, and he and witness afterwards -went and had a noggin of whisvy together, for 'which 'itness paid. HIe gave the note to his wife. Cross-examined by Mr. SLxnDE.-He had been nearlv two rmonths in London, and caine up in the same train wit Mfr. Somers. He had since been living with himn and taking his meals with hin, but not in the same room, certainly. James Ward, of Sligo, confirmed the evidence of KElloran, stating that he was present at the time wvhen MIr. WVynne gave Riloran the 3.-note. He stood quite "convenient," and could hear all that passed. Recollected saying to Biloran that " it must be a 101.-note" which M1r. Wynne had put into his hand. Cross-examined-Ho had been living in London, at Mr, Somers's, with Killoran the last t'wo mnonths. Catharine Kliloran, -wife of the former witness, swore that drin" the election herhusbandhad given hera ll.-note, and told Iher that he should make more atthe election, The evidence of this 'witness concluded the case of the petitioner; and Mr. O'CO.sHLL declining to avail himself of his privilege of sumlming up, Mr. SLDE cr.lled the Right Hon. John Wynne, who swvore most positively that neither by himself nor his agents had he been guilty of bribery. He had heard the evidence of Edw. ard IGloran and the other witnesses, and there was not one word of truth in anything they had said. He had not had a It -note in his possession during the election. After hearing Dr. Wynne the committe consulted, and soon afterwards announced they had unanimnously decided that the Right Hon. John Wynne was dnly elected to serve as a member of Parliament for the borough of Sligo. Mr. SLIDF2 then asked the committee to say that the petiton wBas frivolous anld vexatious. Mr. O'Co.x,i:s. hoped the committee -would not come to any such decision. He had been totally unprepared for the distinct denial they had heard from the sitting member, wad his instrucetions had indaced him to believe that the act of bribery would not have been denied, but excused on the ground of it having been to relieve poverty, &c. The committee again conislted, and finally declared the petition rivolous r.nd vexatious, and also that it was the opinion of the committee thattnere wrere strong-grounds for believing that ESdwvard ]lloran and James WarA, in giving their ea'idence before the committee, had been gUilty of wilful and corrupt perjr. ROYAL COLLEGE OF SURGEONs.-The following gentlemen, having undergone the necessary examinations for the diploma, were admitted members of the College at the mneeting of the Court of Examiners on the l9th inst. - Messrs. Jol Johnston, Dallkeith, near Edinburgh; Andrew Charles Johnson, Bxthmines, near Dublin; Henry FePan, Waterford; Roger Hampson, Bolton-ie.Moors6 Lazead&e WMimn Sowerby Wallen.Walker-place, Rotherhithe; and JamfkAlexanderSkene, Aberdeen.
THE PEACE SOQIETY. Last eveniug the 43th anniversary meeting of this society took place at the Finsbhry ChapeL The attendance at the meeting was estremely limited. Mr. HlN-DrPY, ILP., took the chair and congratulated the meeting unon the ha py circumstances under which they had asselunled. At their last anniversary the country was involved in a. tonflicet for which there was% then no prospect of teruminutioin. The spirit of peae, however. had. siuce revailed, and the consequence was that they had now to celebrate the terudnation of the war and the renewal of that peace which he trusted was destined to be of long dutt. . (H-ear, hear.) It had been auestionel in the, House of Coinmons whether the people ought to feel joy on this occasion, and it had been said that, while we might feel satisfaction, we ought not to feed joy. But he considered that the treaty' of peaoc was a cause of great joy, as well as satisfaction. (Cheers.) Peace was such a blessing that, whatever terms it might be made upon, provided they were at all fair, it mnust be welcome. He was exceedinglystruck with the lan8gage of the Emperor. of thu French when he invited the Plenipotentiariesto dine with him after the conclusion of the Conferences, when he gave the toast -_ Success to the treatv which we have made. Day the peacebeperpetul.L I believe it will be enduring;, because t is founded in justice." He (Mr. Hindley) quite concurred in that sentiment. (Cheers.) That appeared to bethegreat and necessary elementt of a good peace. There were many people in tlis coantry who thought that the peace wOuld nave beena better olle if it had iiposed humiliating terms upon Russia,-driven her north o the C asus. and ddcprived her of a great portion of her territories. But he did not think it would have been so, because it would not have been so enduring. (Cheers.) Russiahad now got such terms that she need not have desired better, and need not hanker after that little hit of Bessarabia which has been given up to insure the tranquillity of Europe. (Hear.) He mnst say he thought the llneror of Russia, from the first moment he consented to subhut to theK terns proposed by Austria, had acted tehoug'nout witlx honour, and had evinced no desire at any time duriog thenegotiations to throw obstacles in the way of.peace. (Hear.) Hie (the Chairman) differed in opinion from those who. thought it would iave been better to make use of the gunboats which had been constructed at such great cost and have another great victory in the detruction of Croixs stadt. In his opinion such victory, even if it had beent obtained, would have been dearly bonght by the sacrifice, which would be the consequence, of many thousands Of humnan lives. (Cheers) In conclusion, he briefly advertec to the American queston, and vuged the necessity ofthe Peace Society of Amnerica endeavouring to impart to theGovernment of that coumtry the same peaceful feeangs which pervaded the breasts of our own; and he trusted that - I any disputes between the twvo countries would be settled by arbitration. (Cheers.) Mr. Richard, the secretary, read a volumlinous report of the operations of the society dwing the past year, which mainly consisted in the holding of public meetings, delivery of lectures, and the circulation of tracts and pamphlets. About 160 meetings had been held, and 200,000 unublicationscirelated. The report animadverted strongly r.pon the conduct of the press generally in reference to the war. Thefinancial statement showed the receipts to have been 1,6781. A balance of about 400. remained in hand. The Rev. J. Burx-r-L moved the first resolution "That this meeting hails with deep satisfactinn and. devout gratitude to God the restoration of peace to Europe; and cannot but regard the late sanguinary struggle, so prolific, as it has proved, of material and moral injuryto the nations, as affording abundant illustration of the incurable folly andwickedness of war, and as demanding still greater earnestness and actinity on tho part of thefriends of peace in the diffusion of those great principles of Christian truth and duty which can alone effectually abolish. this deplorable custom." hEtr. E. F. COLILres seconded the resolution, and re- mamkedtht, while he rejoiced at the peacejust made, bIewas afraid, unless the tone of the press and the people of this country very miuch changed, and we could persuade ourselves to attend rather more to our own business, and leave that of other nations alone, that peare would not be of long duration. The resolution was carried nswz. con. Mfr. J. STURCo muoved a second resolution to the effec that the meeting approved the efforts made by the Peac Society to obtain recognition in the treaties recently co>eluded o' the principle of international arbitration ass substitute for war; and expressing gratitude to the Earl of Clarendon for having introduced the subject to the attention of the Congress. The Rev. A. O'&TzA supported the resolution, which was also carried. Another resolution was also massed deprecating, the differences between this country ana the United States, aud expressing a hope that they might be brought to a peaceful Adjustment. The peaceful tone of the proceedings was constantly interrapted by a man in the body of the meeting, who while he declared himself to be a "peace man," declared it to be quite lawful, and indeed necessary, to go to,war on behalf et suffering and oppressed nations. Several other gentlemen having addressed the mcetin4 A, collection was made, and a vote of thanks to the hon. chair. man closed the proceeding;
THE HORRORS OF PEACE. TO TIM EDITOR OF TE TVU.S. Sir,-Vill you permnit mue, through the medium of your columns-which correspond, perhaps, more nearly than any other institution of modern times to the uses of the ancient f orunL-to inquirewhether such of mryfellow-citizens as live' in quiet streets mean to illuminate their houses on the 29th ist. ? At present, in my neighbourhood, at least, the gasfitters and vendors of lamps are engaged by means of dumiciliary visits in levying a species of black miail upon nervous old ladies in prxsesnr4 and upon all of us prospectirely, tothe great discouragement of that jocund and hilarious, oreven thankful feeling, which public rejoiciungs are, I suppose, meant to excite and develope. The question -was brought very uncoiufortably home to me this nnoniing by a call from hmy next-door neighbourwhom, after the manner of Londoners, I do not at other tnaesknow-to inquire what I meant to do? I at once felt that I ought to go all down the street, asling the samue question from house to house, before I could give him any prac. tical answer, and as this (apart from other considerations) hardly accords with thetViue of amsan who is never at home between 10 in the morning and 7 inthe evening, I make my appeal to youfor a hearing. I have not met with a single person in society who has niot spoken of the illumination of private houses as a nuisance, which no one would incur if it wore not for the fear of a stone through his drawin g-room window, taling, perhaps, his Louis XIV. clock in its parabola, and lighting thence on his mirror-not to mnention tho msore reparable heads of any of his children or household who m3ight be left at home on the occasion. Withoat wishing to be sentimental, or to shelter myself under a plea which I fortunaty have not to plead, the m2any houses in which there may be sick, dying, or dead. inmates ought not to be left out of consideration. But I rest my appeal on the absolate nastiness of smoke, grease, and gas in unusual proportions; and in places not made for them about every house. I agree most wiminglyto my share inthe cost (whatever fradion of ahalu. penny may represent it) of the public ilmuninations. I ar,. perfectly willing, if any public or parochial boards will tundertake to exhibit supplementary fireworlks Or tra=parencies in the open spaces of each quarter of t.e top, to be rated or to subscnbe for that purpose aL7o, bet I object, with all my heart, to be coerced into a piece of domestic dirt and discomfort by the terrorism of glaziers. and gasfitters. Beyond the benefit which these two particuar callings. may be able to extort from the rpprehensions of the public I can see no possible enjoyment which any humdan being will reap from the illumination of private house; To the spectators it will be dingy, to the occupants a nuisance. But I can see one great public evil in it. If we are ever unhappily engaged in war again, the whole of the middle and prefessional classes will have contractedthat dread of pea. which will make them cry as one man and for ever, " 0& with the war !" 'Wi not Lord ralmerston, or Sir B. Mall, or the Hloma Secretary, or somebody else in high place, intimate with authority that the ilumination of private houses is not expected, and that outrages on propertywill be promptly repressed, severely punished, and compensated by a tax ok. glaziers? In the absence of any such declaration I shall probably be dr'ven to exhibit some ndzirnunt of illumination, but my joyfor the present peace-although now most ral-will hardLy culminate on the day officialiy designated for its highest. expressions. 3Mr. (with the consent and approbation of m.) GLASS.
To THE EDITOR OF THE TXIMB Sir,-Deeply thanring yon for youar able leadiDg articlethis morning on the subject of the Marriage Law of Scotland, I must say it contains rather a serious mistake. It is observed that words of declaration wvhereby a nmrirage may be constituted "maybe attered in jest, wshereby, &-c.; they may be spoken durinn intoxication." Permit me to saythat. this is not the Iaw. If any question is raised the Courts require proof that the parties were not merely jestirg, but sober enough to mnow that they meant to be maied. It is one of the great evils of the law that it neoes sarily requires proof of the earnestness or the sobriety of the parties. Prinad facie the words make marriage, but evidence to show that man-iage was not really intended anc that the declaration was ajoke, or that the parties wfte " intoxicated that they did not know what they were aboit, wVil be admitted-and, if sucoess, no noarriw~ wil be established. This considemtion goes bat a. little wrAY tO detract from the-force of your observations. Beca-i ;^ or seriousnets-Rober or not, is so much a matter of OpinIOn, tihat six witnesses may be found on the one side and halt * dozen on the other. It is a sad state of law whcic leave it to be determined-40 years it MIy be, after the alleged"ontracting parties are in their grave-whether tLey werg froUoso6ne, or matrimonial, whether Darby bad takt a cup more than was seemly, and Joan had fo4l'owed ia xw n11. mt Sir. vorI obedient serVaLtS A. X)lNEUlL '16,731nchester-buildings
ABLIAoMEzTARY INTELLIGENCE. HOIUSE OF LORDS, TuESDAY, 3MY 20. The House met at 5 o'clock. The Earl of KExa.NL&iE took the oaths and his seat as a peer of Parliament. Petitions were presented by the Earl of CARSN,RVON, from the corporation of Winchester, in favour of conferring upon County Court judges the power of adjudicatingon cases of bankruptcy within their jurisdiction; by the Earl of Sfl nvTsst}Y. from Ha1mpstead, in Essex, from the congregation of bi Margaret's, Brighton, and from St. Xattheiv'S Church Society, Liverpool, against mnusic in the ublic parks and geardens o Sundays; and by Lord 3Io~s'rEAu s, from places in Scotland, agamistthe Parochial Sichools (Scotland) Bill.' The East Somerse a Railway, and the London, Tilbury, and Southend Railway (Increase of Capital) Bills were read a third time and p.assed. M[ARITIME LA.W. The Earl of ELLENBOROUGIL-My attention bas been directed, as no doubtthat of most of yourlordshipshas been, to the convention signed at VaZis declaratory of certain points in the maritime law. It arpears to me that in that declaration soeie terins are left in a state of extreme vagueness, and that it is higlly desirable that we should come to a distinct uniderstanding of thle true meaning and intent of the exprecsions therein used. It is zly intention to place on the table this evening certain resolutions, which at some future period I shall propose for your lordships' adoption. I will not at present name any day for the purpose; but it w ill be convenient, I thinik, that those resolutions should be on the table when the motion of my noble friend (Lord Colchester) comes on for discussion on Thursday next. DIVORCE AIND MATRIKONLAL CAUSES BIIL. The LORD CHANCELLOR, in movint the second reading of this bill, said that he had not nmuch to add to that which he had stated two years ago when a very simailar bill was introduced, to which their lordslips gave a second read. ing, but which, owing to the advanced period of the session, was not at that time prosecuted. The evil which the bill was intended to rectify was one which had long been felt both by those who looked at the matter theoretically as well as by those who viewed it in a more practical light, to require a remedy. A divorce, pro. perly so called, such as would enable the parties to marry again, was entirely unknown to the law of England. When, umfortunately, differences occurred between a husband and wvife-in a case of infidelity on either side-the aggrieved party might apply to the ecclesiastical courts, and obtain a divorce 2 niemsa, et thoto, which enabled the parties to live separate, and in some respects relieved them from the obligations of marriage. But it did no more; it did not make either of them in the nature of single per. sons so as to be able to marry again. The cases in which divorces 2 rnenzsd et thoro weregranted were not merely cases of adultery. Gross cruelty was likewise thought sufficient to render further cohabitation impossible. Ihere were also other cases, where, for example, persons, from physical causes were incapable of contracting marriage, or where marriages were contracted within the probibited degrees of consanguinity or affinityin which the ecclesiastical courts, upon application being made to them, might interfere, not by granting a divorce properly so called, but by decreeing that the parties were never lawfully united. That being the state of the law, it had for more than a century and a-half been felt as a great grievance tat when a separation had taken place on account of adultery the aggrieved party should not be able to marry again; and, to remedy that evil, recourse had been had to 'what he must say was a clumsy expedient-to give it no worse name-viz., a reference to that House an the part of the injured husband, askling their lordships to grant him a private law to supersede the general law of the country and enable him to contract another marriage. It was a matter rather[ of antiquarian curiosity than of any practical value to trace the progress of the law on this subject; but it might be expedient to indicate what had teen the course of legislation, in order to lay a foundation for the bill which he was now asking their lordships to sanction. In remote tinmes there was no possibility, under any circumstances, of dissolving a marriage which had once been duly contracted, miarriage in the Roman Catholic church being considered a sacrament and indissoluble. But it was a matter of historical notoriety that the Court of 'Rome, in order partiaLy to enrich its coffers, and partly to please those by wvhom applications were niade to it, 'was in the habit of enabling divorces really to take place by declaring marriages unlawful upon a vast number of other grounds than those to -which he had adverted. The forbidden degrees 'with us included the relations of brother and sister, uncle and aunt, and somne few others; but the Court of Rome 'went much further, and heid marriages null which had been contracted be'ween eighth or ninth cousins. There was one case mentioned by Lord Coke, in which a marriage was declared null because one of the parties had been godfather to the sister or cousin of the other. Such was the expedient resorted to in order to get rid of the pressure arising from the strictness of the IRoman Catholic law which prohibited divorces altogether. The Reformation swept away that state of thin,gs, and in the latter part of the reign of Henry VIII., and again in the reign of Edward VI., a commission wvas issued to very learned persons-Archbishop Cranmer being at the head of them-to inquire into all the subjects connecte4 vwith the new ecclesiastical state, including those of marriage and divorce. The opinion of the commissioners was embodied in a report written in very elegant Latin, but which never became law, and which was now only valuable as showing the views entertained by those learned persons. Shortly after that period, their lordships' House interfered in the matter for the first time. He referred to the case of the Marquis of N orthampton, which, however, was not regarded as a precedent, because at the end of the reign of Elizabeth, or in the beginning of the reign of James L, it was universally adaritted that a divorce, in the sense of atotal separation, so as to enable the parties to marry again-a divorce a vi11culo snoatrimcnii-ws-as entirely unknown to the law of England. Towards the close of the 17th century two or three cases cccurred in which, for the first time, that House was called -upon to sanction those private laws-ps-is-itegia, as they were called;-which put parties in the same position as if they had never been married. In the first 80 years after the establishment of that system, according to the last report of the commissioners, to whom he should presently advert, priv-ate bills granting divorces were obtained at the rate of about one per annum. That, he supposed, was the :time when, at the suggestion of Lord Loughborough, the House agreed to a standing order, that no bill granting a divorce C sincaulo matrimonii should be passed, except at the instance of a person who had previously obtained a divorce a iseimim et thoro inthe ecclesiastical courts, and had brought an action at law and recovered a verdict against the adulterer. When that course had been taken their lordshps had, almost as a matter of course, upon *the party proving his case at the bar, granted him a divorce, unless it should appear that the misconduct of the wife had been caused or fostered by the treatment she had received from the husband. The bill after passing their lordships went to the House of Commons, where it was treated in every respect like a private bill, and thus the aggreved party obtained by a private act of Parliameutthat redresws hich the general law of the country did not give. Now that was a state of things unsatisfactory both to those -who unfortunately were obliged to have recourse to such proceedings and to these who looked at the law and legislation of the country in a scientific point of view; and accordirgy in 1Sa0 a commission was issued under the great seal to a number of very eminent persons, both lawyers and civilians, including the Lord Chief Justice, the iate Lord Beaumont, Dr. Lushington, yr. WValpole, and Sir William Page Wood, to inquire into the question of divorce. They looked into the subject and made their report, and it was on the recommendations made in that report that the provrsions of the bill nowintroduced were chiefly founded. vhat he proposed to do by the bill was this-instead of making it necessary for a husband who complained of the iafidehty of his wife to come to their lordships' bar, to raise an action at law, and to take proceedings in an ecclesiastical court, le proposed at once to constitute a court competent to lcok into the whole matter; which court should supersede thenecessity of an action of C14R-. con., as it was called, always zctions of, a revolting nature andverymuchto be deprecated. He did not propose to abolish such actions, as persons v.ho had sustained a grievance might wish to have recourse to them, but such actions were not to be necesaary as a pre- minary to gettmg reief by divorce. He thought it was also very a surd to require a person to go to another tribunal in order to get half way towards procuring a divorce, and, therefore, the necessity of repairing to an ecclesiastical court would be abolished. The great difficulty lay in constituting an efficient tribunal. On the one hand, there would not be anything like business to occupy the whole time of a court constituted for the purpose of grantine divorces; and, on the other, in making a selection of judges it was requisite to obtain the services of the best legal functionaries. The commissioners recommended that the court should consist of the V'ice-Chancellor, a common law judge, and an ecclesiastical judpe. Now, instead of the Vice-Chancellor, he proposed tie Lord Chancellor. He did not say that the Lord hancellor was necessarilya better judge than the Vice-Chancellor, but he thought that in making a transition from one court to another it was im- poran togle al he dligmity and sol,em-nity they could to the new triunal that was to be constituted. Then, instead of a puisne judge, he proposed that the Lord Chief Justice should be one of the judges, and instead of an ecclesiastical judge the judge of the Court of Probate. Such was the tribunal he proposed to constitute; and the next point was how they were to deal with the matters intrusted to them. He proposed that, in maldng inquiry whether or not a wife complained of by her husband had committed adultery, they should proceed to obtain evidence, not by deposihons, but tird roce, and, if they thought fit, to send the case to a jury and to have questions tried before a judge and jury. The commissioners recommended, and he thought wisely, that, inasmuch as these questions of divorce would not only apply to divorce p e vitchto athcju nosii, but to divorce et sacasd et thoro, the court should be required to deal with all matters relating to disputes between husband and wife. He thought this -was frht but he did not think that in deaal with these questions the presence of the Lord Chancellor or the Lord Chief Justice would be necessary. Hle therefore proposed that the judge of the Couirt of Probate should be entitled alone to deal with all thesme cases. He proposed next that there should he an appeal, not as now, from the ecclesiastical -ourt to the Privy Council, but to the bar of the House of Lords, just as in other cases of appeal from inferior courts; but that if n appal ere akenwitin treecalendar mnonths thle inars~e asto e isslvd wthutremedy. There w a one pint n whch geat iffeenceof opinion existedl In thiscounry, nd tat ws whtherthe right of obtainin'g ivorce should be a rght possessed by the wife equally with the husband. Ile was readyto admit that on the first blush it did appear very unjust.that relef should be given to the bUsBtagrd CowpLpsiJipi while oe san relief was no' given to thewife, but be entirely concurred with the recommendation of the cammissioners, that on that point they should adhere to the law as it now was. In theory it was very well to say that awY.ife ought to have the tame relief as the husband, but practically the feelings and habits of niankind would befound to go along with the views of the commissioners. There had been published ani able pamphlet on this subject, inw1ich itwas suggestedthatanexpressionlhaddropped from him to the effect that a husband would only have to be a is little profligate" in order to get quit of his wife. By such an expression-if indeed he ever used it-he was understood to speak lightly of misconduct on the part of a husband in such cases. He could only say that he must have expressed hinself very unfortunately on the subject, for certainly he never intended to put any light interpretation on such conduct. It was the comimon feeling of mankind that, if a husband repented and treated his wife with kindness, the sin on the part of the husband was not an unpardonable offence. There were cases in which a wife might and ought to condone, but the coinnon feeling of mankind told them that this must be on the part of the wife only. He did not propose, therefore, to enable this court to grant divorce at the instance of the wife. Of course cases might .arise in which it would be right that relief should be given to a wife, but for that purpose be put her iU no worse position than she was in now. There had only been four instances within the l3st century arid a-half in wyhich their lordships had granted this relief ae the Instatiee of the wife. In twvo of these cases it was impossible, bothl legally and morally, that the wife could condone; they were cases in whlich adultery was committed with the sister of the wife, and it was impossible by the ecclesiastical law to allowr cohabitation after such an offence. Another of these cases was that of Mfiss Turner; but it was hardly a case of divorce, being rather a special act of Parliament to effect a separation. He thought in the case of incest it was extremely reasonable that the wife should have that relief which was granted to the husband in ordinary cases. He had now given an out line of the object and the details of this measure. His noble and learned friend (Lord Lyndhurst) had given notice of his intention to move that the bill should be referred to a select committee, which should also inquire generally into the subject of the law of divorce. He (the Lord Chancellor) would be most ruelctant to oppose any wish entertained by his noble and learned friend with regard to a measure which it must be their common object to render as perfect as possible; but he must remind the noble and learned lord that only two years ago the subject of divorce was referred to a commission, which examined witnesses, inquired into the matter thoroughly, and presented a very elaborate report. He (the Lord Chancellor) could not see, therefore, that any advantage would result from referring the subject to a select committee. The only questions to be considered were questions of principle, as to whether the wife should be allowed to have the same relief in all cases as the husband, or whether any further relief should be granted by private acts of Parliament. He could only say that if there were any defects in the bill he would be most anxious to amend them. He had been asked the other day by a noble earl near him to what extent Ireland would beaftected by this bil. At present all cases of divorce a tinculo mcatrimnonii, whether arising from adultery comimitted in Ireland or elsewhere, were disposed of at their lordships' bar. He had certainly thought, in the first instance, that it was desirable that cases of this kind should be dealt with by one tribunal; but, as he understood a strong feeling existed in the sister country in favour of the establishment there of a similar court to that which he proposed to constitute in England, to determine upon cases of adultery committed in Ireland, he was ready, if it should he their lordships' wish, to assent to the establishment of such a tribunaL. Siuch a measure would certainly be attended with one advantage, by diminishingthe expenses now entailed upon parties to a suit for divorce when the adultery occurred in Ireland. He was therefore wiling to introduce a clause into this bill for establishing in Ilreland such a court ashewishedto establishinEngland,and if it were thought more desirable, he would introduce a sepasate biLl applicable to Jreland. He thought the cumbrous, inconvenient, and, he must say, discreditable system which had been pursued for a century and a-half of sanctioning divorces by private acts of Parliament, ought to be abandoned, and he hoped therefore their lordships would consent to give a second reading to this bilL. Lord LYNDHURST.-My lords, I have deemed it my duty to consider with much attention the bill of my noble and learned friend, and, notwithstanding the respect I entertain for him, I must say that I think the measure is most insufficient, and ought not in its present shape to pass into a law. Its operation would be most unjust as between husband and wife, and, so far from rendering the situation of a woman better, it would in some most material respects render her situation much worse than it is at the present moment. I think, considering the interesting nature of the subject, and the extent to which it affects the velfare of society, that, notwithstanding the inquiries which have already taken place, the whole matter ought to be referred to a select committee. I entertain that opinion the more strongly in consequence of the statement which I understand was made by a Mlinister of the Crown, a gentleman of great learning and commanding talents. Some time after a former bill relating to this question was withdrawn its defects became the subject of discussion in a place which is publicly and pretty well known, and the learned individual to whom I refer expressed a sincere and earnest hope t'hat when another bill of a similar description was brought in due care and attention would be paid to it, and that an endeavour would be made to put an end to the system of hardship and cruelty which had hitherto existed. With that concurrence of opinion, I venture to suggest to your lordahips that this bill, and the whole question of the law and practice of divorce, important as it is, ought to be referred to a select committee. There are many questions of greatimportance connected with this bill, and with the relations between husband and wife. The matters with regard to which the female sex have a right to complain may,I1 think, be ranged under four heads-with respect to property, personal rotection, actions for criminal conversation, and divorce. I beg that your lordships will not be alarmed at this enumeration. It will not require many observations to explain these different points. First, then, with respect to property. I do not refer to the questions of property as between man and wife when they are living together in harmonious connexion, but to the relation of property when they are separated from each other, in consequence of the misconduct of the husband, by sentence of the ecclesiastical court. What is the law upon this subject? Why, if a woman is separated from her husband by a sentence of the ecclesiastical court, and a legacy is left to her, or if she succeeds to personal property in consequence of intestacy or in any other way, such property belongs to her husband. He can receive it, and generally does so, and he may appropriate it altogether independently of his wife. This matter is closely connected with the law of divorce, but it is not touched by the present bill. Ought it not to be inquired into and set right? Again, if the wife succeeds to real property by devise or by inheritance, to whom does that property belong ? The husband occupies it during the lifetime of his wife, and may take the income fzom it notwithstanding a separation in consequence of his misconduct. But, much worse than this, if the wife tries to eke out a scanty subsistence for herself and her children by the exercise of any art in which she is proficient, orbyinstruction, thehusband can seize upon the proceeds ef her industry and bestow them upon his mistress. (Hear, hear.) I ask your lordships whether, in leg;slating upon the law of divorce, you ought not to adopt some provisions with reference to this subject. (Hear, hear.) These are the claims which the husband has upon the property of his wife. Let us look at the other side, and mark the position in which every wife is placed. With the exception of a scanty allowance in the shape of alimony, whatever personal propety belongs to the husband he may appropriate as he thiinks proper; he may assign it, or bequeath it by will, and leave his wife and children destitute. It is said, however, and with some justice, that settlements executed previously to marriage may restrain the husband in the exercise of these rights;but the system of settlements does not extend to the great mass of the pzeople. N~ine-tenths of the marriages in this county take place without any settlements, and are governed, as to rights of property, by the common law. m now come to another viewv of the question. A wife is separated from her husband by a decree of the eceiesiastical court, the reason for that decree being the husband's misconduct-his cruelty, it may be, or his adultery. From that moment the wife is almost in a state of outlawry. (Hear, hear.) She may not enter into a contract, or, if she do, she has nomeans of enforcinn it. The law, so far frompro- tecting, oppresses her. She is homeless, helpless, hopels,i and almost wholly destitute of civil rights. She is liable to all manner of injustice, whether by plot or by violence. She may be wronged in all possible ways, and her character may be mercilessly defamed, yet she has no redress. She is at the mercy of her enemies. (Hear, hear.) Is that fair? Is that honest? Can it be vindicated upon any principle of justice, of mercy, or of common humanity? (Sear, fear.) Another branch of this question that demands particular attention is the prosecution for alleged criminal conversation. The husband brings an action against a supposed paramour, to recover damages for what is described as his" loss of honour." Is the practice that at present governs such proceedings to continue? (Hear.) -Mark the injustice of it. As far as the plaintiff and defendant are cnncer-ed, it is a matter of mere money with them, and therefore an affair of of comparatively trivial importance. But is it so with the wife? Oh, far otherwise. (Hear, hear.) With her it is a matter of life and death. If the plaintiff's actionsucceedsall islost with her. Sheisdrivenfromsociety,shehas norefuge, no one will receive her. In actions of that description she is not so much as heard. She dares not lift her voice. She is not permitted to appear in the case or to give evidence. She has everything at stake, yet the law treats her as if she had nothing. (Hear, hear.) This is a subject which deserves attention (hear, hear), and assuredly. some more equitable system ought to be substituted for so disgraceful a course of proceedinm It has been sometimes thought that a crimnal proceeding might be substituted, and we all know that a bilI with that object was introduced into your lordships' house some 40 ears ago, and received the zealous support of some of the test and most illustrious members of your order. It was brought into the Commons by the Master of the Rolls, and was supported by Pitt, Windham, Wilberforce, and some of the most learned and eminent men in that branch of the Legislatire, but unhappily the bill was-thrown out. The cause of its defeat I have never been abletoascertain. Most assuredly it was not tt othe urrent of argument or the weight of character as regards its friends and opponents was against it. I nowv come to the qulestion of divorce. The law in that resuect is usually administered by the ecclesiastical courts. It is of two kinds-the divorce a riaeuJo mats-isdmornc, and that a mc-mm.s fi ctthoro. And here observe how different is the principle on which these two descriptions of divorce are administered. The divorce a mensi ci Ikoro is grantedforcrueltv andforadulter-,but adultery is a suficient cause, whetbercommittedbythewifeorthebusband Herethe partiesare on an equal footing, and there is no difference be- tween them.But in the case ofthe divorcea zinculo the ecle- siaetical courts proceed upon a different principfe. Mhose tribunalg do not annul marriages except for causes whell wsze in exitgence previously to the solemnization of hsch mnairiages, as, for instance, consanguinity, or an incapacity to performn the duties and fulfil the objects of marriage. It is only under such circumstances that the ecclesiastical courts pronounce a judgment of divorce a vinculo ssatriwcnit. They take no cognizance of what has occurred since niairiage, nor have they any power to divorce for adultery. In this country marriage cannot be dissolved on account of adultery by any other niachinery than that of an act of Parliament, and it is needless to enumerate all the argu- oaents that may be advanced egainst such a mode of proceeding. It is attended by manifold inconveniences, a.d it is open to the charge of flagrant injustice. (Hear.) One fatal objectonto it is its enormous expense, which limits its application to one cass of society. To that class alone does it bring relief. In ordinary cases, a bill of divorce costs from 7001. to 8001., and instances are of no unfreo.uent occurrence where the expense amounts to several thousands, and where the proceedings are protracted for a long series of years. To r medy these evils the noble and learned lord on the woolsack proposes a new tribunal; but, before we consent to its t stablishuient, it is essential to understand on what principles it is to be governed, and on vwhat system it is to accomplish the object it has in view. In the first place, the new tribunal ought not to be open to the upper classes only. It should be accessible to penon.s 9f xsiodenate ingcqmes, maB it 1s9l44ll be EO.pntitxitgd eand adildhtt&ede tas tw & e4ual jUstice to the parties whEo appexal to itsajurisdiction. Will the system proposed by the noble and learned lord fulfil these conditiona? I scarcely think it. In the first place, there wvill ce an investigation before a tribunal composed of three learned judges, who will examine and inquire, but after that there will be for either piarty a right to appeal to your lordships' House. (Hear, hear.) | Thus, under the newr state of things, as under the old, the question will eventually come before your lordahips. It will be competent for you to confirm or reject the decision already pronounced, or you siay direct the court belowr to exanine additional witnesses or to re-examine the former witnesses on other circumstances*; or you may order certain issues to be tried by the judges on their respective circuits. (Hear, hear.) And all this complicated machineryis contrived and put inmotion with theview of cheapeningthe cost of divorce, and making the tribunal accessible not only tothe rich but to persons of moderate means. (Hear, bcar.) I am much mistaken if, so far from having any such effect, it will not occasion in many cases more expense than is incurred under the law as it present stands. And then as to the equality of justice-what is the principle of this-bill? It is, that a married woman shall have no remedy against her husband for adultery unless in cases of incest. But that offence is so excecdingly rare that the position of the M ife will be practically no tter than it is at present. It is said, indeed, that as regards adultery there is an ingredient in the case of the wife which does not exist in that of the husband, inasmuch as the wife's adulterymay introduce spurious offspring into a family. Allowing this to be true, will it be dEnied that there may be circumstances inthe conduct of the husband which render it not only advisable but necessary that the right ofdivorce shouldbe grantedto the vife? What will be said of the case of the husband who not only treats a virtuous and innocent wife with cruelty, but lives in open adultery- and takes his mistress home with him? Under such circumstances ought not the wife to be relieved from the marriage obligation? My noble and learned friend's doctrine is, that the situation of the husband in this case is not very much changed. He simply lives with a mistress instead of a wife; he suffers little in the' opinion of the world, nor is his station in society affected; he is merely considered "alittle prof'igate." That is the picture which my noble and learned friend draws of the wrongdoer-of the man who has driven his wife from her home by his infamous conduct; but what is the situation of the suffering woman? To live in a blank state of desolationall her prospects blasted-driven from her home, perhaps separated from her children, with no object on which to fix her affections, exWosed to the designs of profligate men, and scarcely able by any care of her own to avoid slander and calumny. Such is the gloomy fate which awaits the injured wife. Is it to be borne that there shaU be no relief for her except in the soltary case of incest? Imagine the case of a woman (and we have had examnples of this) whose husband has attempted her life by poison that he may more freely give way to some unlawful passion-is she to have no relief? This bill actually places a woman in n worse position than she is at p resent. Now she may apply to this House for a divorce, she may state her case and narrate all the injuries to which she has been subjected, and your lordships have a discretion to decide in her favour. My noble friend's au.- thority is vely high, but let us hear what LordThurlowsays on this subject:- "' The House passed bils of divorce in a variety of circumstances. In all such cases their lordships governed their judgment by the circumstances of each particular case. Indeed he Inew not how they could do otherwise. Because with respect to divorce he knew no rule to direct their conduct or to limit the wisdom and discretion of the House, What was the objection to granting the petitioner, a much injured wife, the divorce which she prayer for ?' Then he stated the case of the wife of Lord Audley. Would their lordships have refused the prayer of the petitioner in such a case ? I know, it may be said, that the case to which Lord Thurlow was referringwas a case of incest, but he does not confine himself to incest, for he extends his remarks expressly to lady Audley's case, which, horrible as it was, was not a case of incest. My noble and learned friend's bill, however, would refuse a divorce in that case, infamous, base, and scandalous as it was. The moment we pass this bill, and say that divorce shall only be granted in particular cases, you cannot go out of those cases. There is no discretion left-a divorce can only be granted under the circumstances laid down in this bill. It is true there is an appeal to your lordshios, but in dealing with these appeals your lordships will be bound by the law of the court below, There is a clause in the report to which my noble friend has referred of a most extraordinary character. It is to the effect that there is nothing to prevent a woman from applying to your lordships for a particular act of Parliament to dissolve her marriage, even if you pass a law to enable the husband to prosecute divorce upon other terms-that is, you are, according to the recommendation of the commissioners, to alter the law in a manner which shall be advantageous to husbands only, and you are to leave it just as it is, with all its hardships, in respect to the wives. It is said, that the breach of morality is not so great in the husband as it is in the wife-that is, that infidelity in the one does not introduce so much immorality into society as it does in the case of the other, and the commissioners quote the authority of the great moralist, Dr. Johnson, for this. Jnfortunately the conimissioners do not quote the whole of the passage in which the dictun to which they refer is contained I will supply the omission in order that your lordships may judge how far youl are justified in taksing the great moralist as your master and gtude upon sulbjects of this description. This is the whole passage:- "Between a man and his wife a husband's infidelity is nothing. Wise married women do not trouble themselves about the infideEty of their husbands. The difference between the two casts is boundless. The man imposes no bastards on his wife. A man, to be sure, is criminal in the sight of God, but he does not do his wife any very material injuryif he does not insult her; if, for instance, he steals privately to her chambermaid, Sir, a wife ought not greatly to resent this." I wiU read to your lordships the observations made on this passage by another moralist of late days *- "The manner in which the earlier years of his life had been passed had given to his demeanour, and even to his moral character, some peculiarities appalling to the civilized beings who were the companions of his old age." That is the commnentary of MWacaulay on Dr. Johnscon's matrimonial doctrine. It is said that if equal facilities of divorce were given to women the courtswould ver soon be choked up with their applications. But I know woman's character better than that. I Inow that in none but in extreme cases would she resort to this remedy. I could enlarge upon this topic, but my ideas are so wel expressed in the language of aneloquent wrlterthat I wil quoeit to your lordships:- "A man who has lapsed in his observance of the marria^e vow may nevertheless be a kindly husband and father, wit'h whom reconcilement would be a safe and blessed generosity. If we add to these admissions woman's natural lingering love for her companion; love undeniable, indisputable; love evidenced each day, even among the poor creatures who come bruised and bleeding before the police courts refusing to give evidence, in a calmer hour, against the man such evidence would condemn to punishment; if we add the love of children, the dread of breakng the bond which shall perhaps help a stepmother into the mother's vacated place; if we add the obvious nterest in almost every instance, which the woman has to remai in her home and the horror most women must feel at the idea of the public exposure and discussion of such wrongs;-it is evident they would not be so veryeager to avail themielves, tTusual cases, of t.he extreme remedy. But in unusual cases-i cases of the dreary, stormy, deserted life-where rofligac, i personal violence, insult, and oppression, fill up t]e measure of that wrong which pardon cannot reach-why is there to be no rescue for the woman?" iI am quite satisfied that the more your lordships look at the matter the more you will he satisfied that a married womari would not, e.xcept in extreme cases, avail herself of this remedy. But it is said that all the ecclesiastical authorities are agaist the opiion I profess. So far from that being the case, the commissioners mentioned in their report the celebrated judginent of Bishop Cozens,-and lu - r'e'a,da sbort passage from it on this subject:- "The bond of marriage is a conjugal promise made between a man and his wife, that each of then will live together, according to God's holy ordinance, notwithstanding poverty or infirmity, or such other things as may happen during theirlives. But the promise does notextend to tolerating adultery, which, accoraing to God's ordinance, dissolves the marriage. BY adultery the very essence of the contract is directly violated; but the contract cean the bond or obligation depending upon it, (that is, the nuptial tie) ceases also. It is against all reason that all matrimonial duties should be for ever taken away, yet the bond or obligation to those duties should continue." lfyour lor paread the whole of the judgment to which I have referred they will find it supports with great weight thidoctrine. But I have authority much higher than any indivi cualecelesiastic; alludeto the workDereformatione Rcrzusn Rcclesiestica.ruzvr on which so much praise is bestowed, and so much reliance placed in the report of the commissioners. Your lordahi a are aware of the history of that work. In the reign of dwad aVcommissionLwas appoint, com- posed of 32 persons; 16 being eCclesiastaiscsaopflhnigh rankand 16 laymen, xalso of high station, members of thlis and the other House of Parliament. The object of the commission was the reformation of the whole ecclesiastical law. That commission drew up articles, which were framed by Cranmer, and relatmg, among other matters, to marriage. And what is it that that commission said on the subject ? It said that adultery is a ground of divorce, whether committed by man or woman. If, then, authority is wanted in respect to this matter, here then you have the authority of the early Reformers, whose attentioni was directef to the point.:-the authority, not of ecclesiastics alone, hut also Of laymen of high. station. This conclusion is consistent with our ecclesiastic lawv, because by it thte adultery of the husband is put on the same footing as the adultery of the wife; and though the ecclesastical gourts have power to divorce only dl mens4 g thoro, still the same principle applies in cases of divorce ez vinzculo iT2tl,Wionii. What greatly strikes the minds 1 of people is, that all law should be equal. If you go north there is perfect equality between man andu woman with respect to the law of divorce; in the same way i as it is laid down in our ecclesiastical law. There adultery on the part of the wife or husband dissolves marriage ee vinculeo. How monstrous is it, then, that the law on a subject of so much importance, coming home, as it were, to every one's fireside, should be so different in different parts of the unted kingdom. (Hear, hear.) Ought not your lordships to inquire and endeavous to ascertain whether there IS any foundation for this distinction? (Hear, hear.) A commuittee of this Hose sat some time ago respectmng the state of the law of niarriage, and Scotch witnesses.were examnined. I know that many noble lords in this house who.can, from their owtl knowledge, answer at once this question :-Is there more licentiousness in Scotlandcthan inE nlandinreference tothe intercourse of the sexes P' I believe quite the reverse; and yet such licentiousness was apprehended formerly if you gave women the right of applying for divorce against husbands. The then Lord-Advocate R'Neill, 3now Lord Justice General, was examined, and gave the following evidence *- " Is there a double proceeding with you as with ns-that is to say, a sentence of separation from bed and board, as tvefl as at SQr1tence which iissolyes the marrie 9,-Yes. "ka botQh procacJigs competent to the wife as well as to the husband ?-Yes. " Is there any difference whatever between the right of the husband and the right of the wife to prosecute those kind of proceedings 7-Each has the right in law. " Has any inconvenience been found to result from giving the wife an equal remedy with the husband in obtaining a divorce 4 vincIuo ?-I am not aware of any inconvenience. .AndMr. Maconochie expressed a simnilar opinion thus, viz.:- " Do you think that any practical inconveniences arise from giving the wife a remedy against the husband of the same kind as he has against the -wife 7-I think not. "Do you consider that there about as many cases of vnves divorcing their husbands as of husbands divorcing their wives, or fewer7.-I think very considerably fewer. " Is it your opinion that marriage ought to b7e dissolved en account of the adultery of the husband in every case ?- I should certainly say so, generaUy speaking, from my own experience in Scotland. The same remedy that is given to thehusband. I think, ought to be afforded to the wife. " Is that the general opinion of Scotch lawyers?-I should say so, decidedlv. Such is the evidence of the witnesses on the effects of the law of Scotland, showing that no inconveniences resulted from it. I think I lave heard it stated that Lord Eldon entertained an opinion on this point in accordance with the provisions of the present bilL Such may have been his opinion at an early period of his life, but as the full result of his experience he came to a different conclusion, for in hirs. Moffatt's case he made this declaration:- "The novelty of the pres2nt application arises from its being an application on the part of the wrife against the husband, but I have yet to learn that a woman has not as good a right to relief as a man, under the circummstances that give rise to bills of this description; and, as I see no reason w hy a woman is not as much entitled as a man to sue for a divorce, I shall move that the bill be read a second time." The noble and learned lord who was then upon the wroolsac?k, and who now sits below me (Lord Brougham), felt himself bound in that case by the practice of the Hois - but he has since altered his opinion on the subject, and f have a passage here, stating, in strong and eloquent terms, what was the opinion of my noble and learned friend some time after that case occurred. I am spared the necessity of troubling your lordships wvith that extract, because my noble and learned friend is now present, and he can state to your lordships what his opinions are. I trast that I have now satisfied the House that, so far from the weight of authority being in favour of this bill, it is the other way, and I leave it to your lordships to say whether I have not proved such a case as to induce you-to compel you almost-m. justice to grant this committee. I therefore conclude by moving, in the terms of the notice now lying on the table,-" That the bil and the law and practce of divorce be referred to a select committee, with directons to inquire whether any and what alterations it wil be prper and just to make in the said bil ; and to report thereon to the House." Lord BROUGHAM seconded the amendment. He said that anything more convincing, more luminous, or more worthy of his noble and learned friend than the statement -which he had just addressed to their lordships he had not only never heard but could not even imagine. That the bil followed substantially the tenonr of the report of the commnissioners he did not deny; bux he differed as much from the report of the commissioners as from the bill, and his opinion decidedly was that in dealing with the question of divorce there were only two courses which it would be consistent, or even rational or inteligent for them to adopt; one was considerably to enlarge the remedy proposed by the bill, and the other was to put an end to all divorces, even by legislation. The practice of refusing, almost as a matter of course, a remedy to one party and granting it to the other appeared to be so utterly repugnant to every principle of justice and common humanity that he did not see the possibility of maintaining itHis noble and learned ffrend had justly remarked that the establishment of the proposed court would rather make matters worse for the wife than they now were, because the court -would have no discretionary power. The bill provided that a wife should have no remedy against her husband except in case of incestuous adultery, but he begged to remind the House that cases of polygamy sometimes occurred. Two such cases had come before him. In one, the husband had been: tried at the Old Bailey, convicted, and sentenced to transportation for having intermarried with another woman, his wife being alive. That was held to be aground for divorce, and the prayer of the wife was granted. In the other case there had been no conviction, but the parties separated at the church door; there was no consummation of the marriage, and the husband took himself off and married another woman at Brussels. Those circumstances, according to the ruleof theirlordships House, would be no ground for granting a divore - but having been proved in evidence their lordships violated their rule of refusing all remedy to the wife, and granted the prayer of the petition. He remembered another case of the grossest cruelty to the wife, and the most grievous misconduct and profligacy of the most loathsome description on the part of the husbana. Great resistance was made to the claim for a divorce, and it was very nearly being refused; but it seemed so monstrous that all remedy should be refused in such a case that it was agreed, if the facts iurned out to be as they had been opened by counsel,'and if no case of recrimination were proved, that their rule should be extended and a divorce be granted. Unhappily the abominable conduct of the husband was made out beyond. all question; but great doubt remained with regard to the conduct of the wife, which had been set up by the husband as a ground against the divorce; and the result was that the divorce was not granted. His noble and learned friend (Lord Lyndhurst) had cited a case which occurred when he (Lord Brougham) was on the woolsaclk. He (Lord Brougham) felt, in common with the late Lord Wynford, the great hardship of that case, and he had never denied that it was most grievous that there should exist such a rule to confine and control their practice; but at the same time he felt that he was bound to abide by that practice. That was not so bad a case as many others which hadbeen referred to, butit showedthe hardship of that hitherto inflexible rule. (EHear, hear.) No doubt the noble and learuned lord on the woolsack might say that there had already been an inquiry into the subject, not only by a commission, but formerly by a committee; but he (Lord Brougham) begged their lordships to observe how that raised an additional argument in favour of the amendment. He found that the then Lord-Advocate-now lord President of the Court of Session-when examined before the committee, stated that in Scotland, where the same facilities for obtaining a divorce were afforded to the wife as to the husband, there were many more divorces applied for by the husband than by the wife. The Lord-Advocate was mistaken in that particular, for the returns to which he referred in his evidence, and which related to the whole of Scotland, showed that for the four years ending in 1840 the average number of divorces granted 4 vinculo was 20 and a fraction in the year, while in 1841 the number was only 10. That was very material, for it proved how very groundless the apprehension was that, if the Scotch law were introduced into England, and if both parties, as according to every principle of justice and common humanity they ought to be, were placed uon the same footing, there would he an endless number of divorces, because the expense would be much less than coming by bill to Parliament, and because the wife as well as the husband would have a chance of redress. It was an error of the Lord-Advocate to state that there was in Scotland a much greater proportion of divorces applied for by the husband than by the wife; for the names of the cases in the returns showed that the proportion was about 9 of the wife and 10 of the husband, being very nearly equaL That a further inquiry was loudly called for could not be questioned, both on account of the discrepancy between the facts, and on account of the lapse of time.1 Another defect in the bill before their lordships and also in the re- commendations of the commnissieners was, that the remedy was confined to the husband and refused to the wife except in the case of incest, leaving out entirely the great head of desertion, which in many instances was even worse than cruelty. The law of Scotland gave the same remedy to the wife for the desertion of her husband as the husband would have for what was not so likely to happen-the desertion of his wife. He would not trouble their lordships with many cases; but in his capacity of President of the Law Amendment Society, which recently summoned a general meeting to consider the wrongs of married women, he was overwhelmed with evidence of the grievances practically sustained by that class under the law as it at present stood. He would mention only one to their lordships on the subject of desertion. An unhappy lady, who had been married several years, was deserted by her husband, who chose to go in other company to a distant colony, where he had resided for the last six years. By the English law she could not show her face, either in the Court of Doctorse-commons, which eould give her only a separation A mensQ et th-OO, orin the court about to be established under the present bilL She might, indeed, as the Lord Chancellor had stated, apply in the circumistances of the case to their lordships' House; but she would haveto pay 5001. or 6001. for the expense of obtaining a bill, while every rule which guided their proceedings would prevent her having the shadow of a shade of a chance of getting the bill passed into a law. The husband had gone to a country where "old was thought to be easily colleeted. If he succeeded in Kiis speculation and came baek with afortune, not one halfpenny of it would go to the wife; but if he failed and, becoming tired of the society in which he was at present living, returned and found that his wife had honesUTy and nobly exerted herself for her own support by the exercise of her industry and talents, he had the right, as the law now stood -disgracefully to our jurisprudence-to sweep away all the earnings of the unhappy womlan whomn be had basely deserted. (EHear, hear.) It would not only be superfluous but impertinent, after the statement of hie noble and: learned friend, to dwell -a moinute longer uapon those gross I i.njustir,e, cruelties, and inihumanities wl1uch were prace- tised upon married women nnder the present law ; but he must say that unless something be done to change it-unless some redress be afforded-we must be content to continue to be held up to the rest of mnankind as pretending to be a civilized country, while in reality living under a systemmore barbarous and more inconsistent v-ith itself than existed in any other part of the world. - (Hear, hear.) It was impossible not to condemn the system by -which a; woman's reputation might in her.absence be for ever sacrificed in a court of law. He could cite a case in which in an action for cran. con. the defendant's famlily compounded with the plaintiff by paying him 5U1., and a verdict was taken in the absence of the wife, by which she was condemned uneard. It .was afterwards found in The ecclesiastical court, not only that the adultery had mot happened, but that it was impossible it could have bappened, as there never had been consummation either by the husband or ary other man. (Hear, hear.) This might be au extreme case, but it was not an extreme case to suppose that the peace and' reputation of womnen might be destroyed in these actions, when they rwere neither heard nor represented. One case he wished to point out, which, t,hough applicable to the law of marriage, and not to that of divorce, was nevertheless wrorthy of their lordshipse consideration. Suppose an English duke of the age of 14 wenf to Scotland andfell into the hands of a prostitute, aged perhaps 24, who wheedled him into love-making and then into a mnarriage according to the Scotch law, simply by acknowledging beefore witnesses that she wvas his 'wife-all the estates and honours of that unhappy young duke would be affected by that marriage, without the possibility of a remedy. He believed that the bill now before the House would leave the case of the wife worse than it now was, and therefore, before making further progress, he was anxious thatit should be sent to a select committee. Lord REDESDALE said,the fact was that on the first introduction of Christianity into this country divorce a inculo uatrimonii was unknown. The present system began by peers getting billsto meet special cases. These were at first granted by very small majorities, but the practice had gone on till the result was what they all knew. The right of divorce was practically possessed by the rich only, and there had been no demand made for such a change in the law a, Iwould extend ittothe great body of the people. He thought theyshouldbecareful howtheyintroducedfaci3ities forsnuul. ling the marriage law among the people at large, as it would be the source of great unhapyiess in the marriage state. Without any demand for a c=ge of the law on the subject, they were about, in order to support theirown consistency, after having been guilty of acts of jobbery to meet special cases. to mate an alteration which would brin8 about a state of things not k;nown since the intro. duction of Christianity into this country. This was a serious matter, and their lordahipe should act with cautilon before they took a single step in sich a direction. The number of divorces obtained in this country was -bout four a-year, and the classes to whom they were confined might amount to 1,000 in every 1,000,000 of the population. The great buLkofthe population were content with that law which had existed in this country since the earliest introduction of Christianity and he would ask their lordships whether they were prepared to sanction a clange in the law, which might be attended with the gravest consequences,in order to meet the views of a comparatively small portion of the community? He enterinedstrongobections to this bill, and he hoped that before any alteration was made a full and careful iquiry would be had on the subject. He thought that facilities ought tobe afforded beyond those which now exsted for obtaining divorces a tnensi cu tlwro, for a large proportion of the community were unable to obtain a legal separation or divorce, which uould give privileges and protection to the persons separated, wthout very ex-pensive proceedings. Although however, he was of opinion that the power of obtaining protection under certain circumstances ought to be rendered comparaively easy, he did not think it desirable that additional facilites should be afforded for obtaining divorces d o-i ghcuto invorilovii. He conceived that theprorosal of the noble and learned lord (leyndhurst) that the bilL should be referred to a select committee was most reasonable, and would be attended with great advantage, by leading to the full and careful consideration of the subject. The Earl of ABERDEEN said, the only objection he felt to referring the bill to a select committee was, that such a course might involve the danger of continuing that unreasonable and unjust systemwhich had so long existed, forthe delay attending an inquiry by a committee might prevent a remedy frombeing applied within any reasonable tune. He rose, holwever, mainly for the purpose of saying that, as he had on many occasions stoodforvard as an humble advocate of the law of Scotland, it had been most satisfactory to him to find that so mech justice had been done by noble and learned lords opposite to the law of divorce as practised in Scotland. HE beleved that law was founded itpon wisdom and justice, and he thought it might induce his noble and learned friends to look with a little more complacenc,y upon the law of marriage in Scotland. (A. laugh.) His noble and learned friend opposite had imagined an absurd case, and supposed that a young duke might be entrapped into a marriage by an artful and designing woman, He (the Earl of Abcerdeen) did not deny that such a case was possible, but he would ask how many young dukes had entrapped innocent young women in compaison with the number of young dukes entrapped by the artful persons to whom the noble and learned lord referred ? He thought nothing more just could be conceived than that a proniise of marriage, follow.ed by cohabitation, ought to constitute a valid marriage, and that was the case in Scotland. He believed, generally speaking, that women were infinitelymorevtuous than men. ie believed that for one woman who bad entrapped athoughtlessyoungman into marriage hundreds of innocentwomen had been entrapped byartful and designing men. (Hear, hear.) He, therefore, thought that the possi bility of such an absurd case as his noble and learned friend had suggested was no argument at all against the justice of the marriage law of Scotlmd. The LORD CHANCELLOR said, as it seemed to be the wish of the House that this bill should be referred to a select committee he would not oppose the suggestion of his noble and learned friend. There might be some provisions in the law of this country affecting the relations of husband and wife, with regard to which amendments were required, and if his noble and learned friend (Lord Lyndhurst) would suggest such amendments they should receive his most respectful attention. His noble and learned friend, however, was perfectly aware that thle question was so closely interwoven wvith every part of the law of this country that the moment any one attempted to alter ithefound himself beset with difficulties on all sides and engaged in a task which the most active and industrious were unable to perform. It had been said that under this bill the wife would have no remedy, but the wife would have the same opportunity as she now had of applying for a divorce (d nnsfi ct thoro, and the husband would have the ndditional remedy of an appeal to the new court, as well as an applcation for a divorce at their lordships' bar. [Lord Lyndhurst.-How unjust that is.] He (the Lord Chancellor) wished to know exactly what it was that his noble and learned friend (Lord Lyndhurst) proposed. He could well understand the proposition, that in this country, as in Scotland, the wife should be enabled to obtain a divorce for the adultery of the husband as the husband was enabled to obtain a divorce for the adultery of the wife, buthe thought there would be great difficulties in the way of such an enactment. Mis noble andlearned friend had drawn pictures of the il-treatment and crueltyto which wives were subjected at the hands of their husbands; and if this bill were referred to a select committee he (the Lord Chancellor) would e.;pect his noble and leared friend to state to that committee to what cases beyond that of adultery the remedy of divorce ought in his opinion to apply. He (the Lord Chancellor) was not prepared with any proposition on the subject. The committee would he that of his noble and learned friend, who must explain to what cases he proposed to apply the remedy of divorce. It was easy to point out the grievances which he (the Lord Chancellor) feared were incident to the relations between man and woman, but it was not so easy a matter to devise a remedy, and he was ready to refer the biUl to a select committee, althon4h he did not anticipate much advantage from its investigations. It should be understood, however, that he had no intention of proposinginthe committee anymeasureshaving for object the extension of the provisions of the bill to any other adultery than that committed by the wife. The bill was then read a second time and referred to a select committee. The Smoke Nuisance Abatement Amendment Bill, the Procedure before Justices Bill, and the Bankers Composi. tion Bill passed through committee. Their Lordships adjounmed at 10 minutes to 8 o'clock.
I HOUSE OF CO3MONS, DY, MAY 2o. The SPEAKEn took the chair at 4 o'clock. NEW BEEMUl Mr. HUGHES took the oaths and his seat for Longford, in the room of Mr. R. E. Fox, deceased. PRIVATE BUSINESS. The following bills were read a third time and passe:The Elgin and Lossiemouth Harbour Improvement Bill, the Knaresborough and Green Hammerton Road Bill, and the Knaresborough and Pateley-bridge Road Bill. Petitions against the Scotch and Irish Pauper Removal Bill were presented by Mr. CRossLay, from the HalEfa board of guardians; by Mr. WISE, from the guardians of Stoke-upon-Trent- by M1r B3now-, from the board of guardians of the iLeigh Union, and of Ormnskirk Union; from the overseers of Hunslet, Leds*; by j1r. ToNxz, from the board of guardians of New Ross; by Mr. KfssoN, from the board of guaidians of Calnberwefl; by Mr. L. XflYG, from the gnardians of the poorofthe Wandsworth and Clapham Uaioas; and by from the guardians of the Medway Union. Petitions were also presented by Mr. CHRIS;T, from Newcastle-under-Line ; and by Mr. Cnin, from Longnor and Biddulph, Staffordshire,against the grant to May. nooth - by Mxr. E. BALL, from the vicar, churchwarden, :nd inhabitants of Kcirtling, in favour of church-rates; by MIr. IdZAL, from the inhabitants of Cardiff, for the discon. tinunce of public grants for religious teaching in Ireland; and (6) from Rochdale and its vicinity in favour of the abolition of church-rates; also, against State interference with the education of the people, from Ellesmnere, Salop; and from the inhabitants of Portobello, Edinhurgh, against the Lord-Advocate's Edanbtional Bills; by Sir A AdW from the Royal Bargh of Stranraer, in favour of the Scotch (BnrSh) 3ducation Bill by Mr. OSS LEY, from inhabitants of Warley, aganst hands of music being ordered to play in the parks on Sun. days; by Lord Hornsrr, from the Hull Dlock Company, a,gainst the Poor LawAmendment Bill; from the occupiers of o5,000 acres of land in the neighbourhood of Drifteld, East Riding, Yorkshire, againAst the Agricultral Statistics Bill; by Major SmTos0RP, from the cty of liaeoln, in favourof ratingextra-parochial parishes to the relief of the poor; by 31r HEYWooD, from the Prestwichgarians against the cotch and Irish Paupers Bill; from inhabit. ants of Lancaster, in favour of a convocation of the learned of all denomiations toprepae a new translation of the 3jble, the cinhola-egeet goation, Lancaster, the congregation of the 'Unitarian Chapel, Stockton-on-Tes, an the non-subscribing Presbyteriar congregation of Crumlin, in the county of .Antrim, for a reviion of the trlaniom of the Bible; by Sir G. S ICRLAE.D, from the board of guardians of the poor of Ireston,gagiitheVacd'mation:Bilby 3_r. W. LOCKHART, fromthecomniaionersof supply oS the counties of IAn3`k and Dinifries, and from the CounciE of the Society for the Vindication of Scottish Rights, praying that what is exemptedfromproperty.tax in Englanct and in Ireland may also be exempted in Scotlnd; alsofrom, the Synod of Lothian and Tweeddale, the Presbyteries of Glasgow and Lanark, the ihabitants of Dougl5, Glasgow Calton, and Ceres, the parisloners of St.Munigos, Glasgow,. and St. Andrew's parish, the Kirk Session of St. Georre, St. David's and Tron Church, Glasgow, and of St. Stephen's, Edinburgb, and theKirk Sessions of Cambusnethan>crluke Lesnahagow, East ilbride, SpriNgurn, Kirkcudbright, Ceres, and Strathcatro, against the Parochial Schools (Scot-- land) Bil; and from Glasgow, signed by 1,157, .againsj arrestment of workl.ews i ages; by Mrr. SRUTT, firoor the Mayor, aldenuen, and 13riesses of Sottinghaa, 'l favour of the extension of the prmnciple of open competitiox as a qualification for admission to the civil service; by Mr.L MASTRsm Sxsr, from the inhabitants of East Peckham and the inhabitants of Cudham, against the abolition of church. rates; and from the attorneys and solicitors of Tanl.ridge and Tunbridge-welL, in favour of the *Wlils and Adniinistrations Bills; by Mr. COnoox, fronm members of the Bolton D)istrict lJnitarian Association,. against the clause in the Cambridge 'University Is form Bill, which limits the membership of the prposed governing body to graduates who shall sacribe a declaration that they are Zond fide inembars of the church of Enoglnd - by Mr. HEADL Ar, from the congrega-' tion of the Divine JUmtvY in Newcastle, ih favour of a revised translation of the Scriptures; also, from the C9hatnber of Commerce of N\Tewcastle. in favour of the Agricualtaral Statistics Bill; by Mr. 3FMAasoN, from the board of guardians of the union of Enniscorth, in the countyof Wexford, against the Scotch and Irish Poor Removal Bill; and inl favour of the Tenant Right Bill-one from Gorey, ha the same county, and another from Rosbercon, in tLe countyofKilkenny; by Sir M. S. ST-WART, againsttheParochial Schools (Scotland) Bill, from officebearers of MiddleChurch, Paisley, presbytery of PaisLey, minister and elders, of Abbey pansh, Paisley; minister and elders of Higla Church, Paisley, parishioners of Lochlwinnoch, EducationaL Association of Paisley, Kirk Session of Inchinnan, presbytery of Greenock: and against Nsuisances Removal (Scotland) Bill, from parochial board of Neilston; by Sr A. CA!dTELL, aaminst Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bi, from Tarasay, Rotiesay, Cmnladden, Lochgilphead, Monimail, Ardnamurchan, Presbyteries of Inverary, Iorn, Mull, an& Dumoon; byYr.BLAcxsenuR,fromnthe Presbytery ofEForres; Kirk Session, Kirkeoim; Presbytery of Irvine; KirkSession, East Parish, Aberdeen; Kirk Session, Campsie; schoolmasters in Presbytery of Aberdeen; Presbytery of Stranraer; inhabitants of the parish of Dallas; Presbytery of Aberdeen; ministers and elders, Montrose; Synod of Murray; and from the parishioners of Baldernoch, New Luce, and Whitburn, apainst the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill; byMr.W. BnOW., fron the inhabitants of7ittle. borough, praying for the early establishment of a decimal system of coinage and accounts ; and from W. H. R. Jeesop, St. David's, a Scholar and Bachelor of Arts in the 'Universityof Cambridge, praying for the early establishment of a decimal system of coinage, of weights, and measures; by Mr. -WisE, frowm the guardians of Sto e-on-Trent, in favour of the Rating of Mines Bill; by l". CAYLEY, from thei visitors and guardians of Bainbridge UInion, Wensleydale, sgainst any interference with Gilberts Unions; from Messrs. Temple and Co., Padiham, LAncashire, factory occupiers, in favour of settling disputes as to fencing milDgearing by arbitration; and from the Ryedale andi Pickering West Agricultural Association, comlaining or the provisions of the Agricultural Statistics Bil, as I- quisitorial andvexatious, withoutpractically fulfilling the purposes it intends to serve; by Mr. BLacxnuRyN, from the parochial boards of Rothkennan, Denny, Baldernoch, and Duffus, against the NuisancesRemoval (Scotland) Bill by Mr. fL.AsMIEnr, from the Eyam Mining Company, Derbyshire, against the bill for assessing mines, or that suclh clauses might be ineerted as would leave unaltered the present law making lords liable to be rated, or as would renderthe lord, where now rateable, reimburse the workers of mines for payments that they micht make for such rates, although such mines may not be worked under a lease orgrantn3w in operation; also from 72inhabitants of Sheffield. against the amendments proposed by Sir G. Grey to the bill for abolishing church-rates; by Mfr. ST1nnG, fromn The Kirk Sessions of Aulchterarderandllhynd, against the Laid. Advocates Parochial Schools Bill; by lord Muatrvn, from the merchants and shipowners of Scarborough, Yorkshire, against the Coalwlhippers' Bill; by Mr. LsGRA31,fronT the reform Association of Boston andfromthe inhabitats of the saidborougb, in favour of the voteby ballot; by lMr. S3moums-, from the minister, elders, and Kirkl Session of the parish of Kilmaniock; also from the minister, elderso, and Kirk Session of West Kilpatrick, and the minister,. elders, and Kirk Session of Cardross, parishes of Dumbartonshire, against the Parochial Schools Bil; by Mr. CoLvmr, from the visitors and guardians of the Alstoilfields mIcorporation, against the abolition of Gilbert's' Unions; also from the Stanton Friendly Society, p raying that bands may not play on Sunday; from guardiana. of the Ashbourn Union, under their seal, against the Iish. and Scotch Poor RemovalBill; and from St. Paul's, Derby, Croxall, and LAUlligton, agains the aboiftion of churchrates ; and by Mr. W. WTT 1i ns, from Claylands Chapel, Kennington, for abolishing all grants of public money forreligious teaching and worship in Irdand. OFFICERS' CHARGERS LN THE EAST. Sir J. PAKINGTON asked the 'Under-Secretary for Warwhether it was the intention of Her Lajesty's Government, on the return of the British army from the Crimea, to bring: homne at the public coat the regulation number of chargers. belong,ing to offiicers; or, if all the horses wrere not brought. home, whether they intended to make up to all officers the amount of allowance to which they would have been entitled if the hor.ses had been lost in HIer MIajestys service 2' He intended his question to cover the case of cavalry, infantry, staff officers, and, indeed, the case of anv off cers who were. bound to have chargers with the armyinThe field. xr. PEEL had stated yesterday that General Codringtonhad not sent home any despatch explaining the reasons 'Which induced him to issue the general order -upon thissubject, and the right hon. gentleman would probably agree. with him that it was right that the Commander of the Forces should have a large discretion left to him in this. as in other matters. Lord Paniure had, however, sent a. telegraphic message to General Codrington, instructing hint that wshere officers were desirous of having their chargers. brought home to this country they should be allowedto do, so at the public expense; and he might add that it was thbe desire of the War-office to act in a liberal spirit with regard to the claims of the officers in this respect. Colonel LNOX.-Did I understand the hon. 'gentleman to say that this order emanated from the Commanderin-Chief? M]r. PEEL-Yes. In answer to a further question put to him, Mr. PEEL stated that a similar arrangement would bomade with respect to the chargers of English officersattached to the Turkish Contingent. THE SARDINIAN NOTES. Viscount GODERICH asked the First Lord of the Treasury whether he would lay on the table of the house copiesof two notes, dated the 27th day of Mfarch and the 16th day of April last, presented by the Sardinian xlenipotentiariesF, at the conferences at Paris, to tho EngDish and French Ministers? Lord PA:IERSTON said, he had no objection to lay these two notes on the table, unless it were that as yet nol. answer had been sent to the second note. When that, answer had been communicated the second note might be laid before the House. TEE GERMAN LEGION. Mr. XURROUGH asked whether any and what measure. were being taken for the disbandment and return to theirown country of the German mercenary legion embodied forthe purposes of the late war? Mr. PEEL replied that the German Legion was only one of several corps embodied durig the late war which would: have to be disbanded now that the warwas over. Morethan one half the German Legion was in the East, and of course the regiments there would have-to wait their turn, ini. common with the other portions of the British army, befora they could be brought home. The troops composing thoseforeign legions were entitled to be sent to their homes on the continent, or to the colonies, according as they might, elect, and orders had been sent that the men shold statewhere they wished to go. Mr. MURROUGH.-Am I to understand that the mew belonging to these legions are to be sent to our colonies ? |r. PEEIL-Yes,-not as soldiers hut as emigrants. THE CASE OF CELESTINA SOMMER. 3r. WARPREN asked the Secretaryof State for theHonic Department whether the advisers of the Crown, in recommending a commitaton of the sentenee of death lately passed on Celestina Sommer, at the Central Criminal Court,. for the murder of her child, had obtained the report and' taken the opinion of the judge by whom she had been tried; and, if so, whether there was any objection to laying them before the House? Sir G. GREY said, the Secretary of State was solely responsible for the advice given to Her Majesty on these matters, and it would be contrary to aU precedent, unlessvery sufficient grounds could be shown to the contrary, that; the opinions of judges, confidentially communicated to then Secretar of State, should be laid before Parliament. (Hear, hear.) Tso doubt it was usual, when petitions were-rre. sen'ed stating facts which had not appeared on the trla], to. refer those petitions to the judge who tried the case. That. course was talen in the present instance, but he did not feeL himself justifiedin laying theopinion of thejudgebeforcParliament. (Hear, hear.) SCOTCH M]MITIA REGIIENTS. In reply to Mr. W. LOC;EuAT, Mr. PEEL stated that it was not intended to retain in an. embodied state any Scotch militia regiments. SECRET TRIPARTITE TREATY. The Marquis of GRANBY wished to ask the noble lord. at the head of Her Majesty's Government whether any secret treaty had been entered intobetween France, Austria, and England? Lord PALMERSTON.-If there were a secret treaty thes noble lords would perhaips excuse me for not m:infig it. public. (L aughter.) It is something likes aquestion put to. me by my late hon. friend the member for Mlontrose, who- asked for a return showving the applcation of. secret servicemoney. (ILaughter.) Howvever, I have no hesitation it.: saying that the only treaty concluded is that which has been Laid on the table.- THE RECENT FATAL EXPLOSION AT WOOLWICK. Mr. M. CHAMBERS said that a dreadful accident had. occurred on Saturday last at the Roval Arsenal, Woolwich,' which had led to the loss of six lives. Two statements ha4. been circulated with reference to the case, one representinj:' that the men were employed in preparing percussion powderfor the percussion caps; the other, that they were engaged in preparing ingredients for thefireworks- He was desirous
7YIL SERYICE SUPERANNUATION. This committee mnet yesterday in room No. 12; *1k Uhancellor of the Exchequer in the chair. The CHAimMn sgad, he had communicated with Sir Alexander Spearman writh regard to the resolution of Sir F. 3Barhg, and requested him t.o select two actuaries to be consalted upon the whole of the evidence til;en before the committee, and had eceived his reply, namir,g Ir. )Mati" or the Equitable, and M1r. .Ansell, of the .tlsIB3uraO The COUniAx was about to reaa the - Ier when tUl, room was ordered to be cleared; after remiaing Bole i- e in consultation the committe, adjourned l0 the Waaries Were prepared to give their opinionsupon the evidence to be subhmtted to them. CrST_1 PACE.-O,XE Snmn~4 DAY, Tuesday, May 20,.-&dmisions on pyst 4,702; ditto, by SEcor, ticketsi, li7; J toh-y2 iiAQ ]2Q
LONDO2, TFEDNIESDAY. MAY 21, 1M5. In the House of Lords yesterday,- The Earl of KEzN3aR took the oaths and his The Earl of ELImBOltoUGH laid on the table a series of resolutions relating to the convention appended to the treaty of peace, by which the maritime law of the country is modified. That convention was now part of the maritime law of England. It contained some expressions that were very vague, and he thought it important these resolutions should be before the House previous to the day (Thursday next) on which Lord CoLcuEraTu would draw attention to the subject. The LORD CHANciFTon moved the second readinc of the Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Bill; he stated what had hitherto been the law of England on the subject of divorce; before the Reformation divorce was unknown to the English law; the old ecclesiastical courts only pronounced sentence of separation. After the Reformation, and from the commencement of the 17th century, the House of Lords began to pass divorce bills in certain cases; from the beginning of the 18th century to the year 1780 it had passed 80 such bills, or about one annually. The practice had thus Jeen gradually established. He then described the preliminary steps required in suits of divorce, before application could be made to the Rouse for the, :IPrivate bill that could alone enable the parties to a --marry aain; these were to obtain a verdict in an action of crim. co0, in a civil court and a sentence of separation by an ecclesiastical court. By the present bill it was intended to do away with .the necessity of going through these vrelmuinaryproceedings, wvhich werefrequently of + revolting character. It was proposed to establish a tribunal, called the Court of Divorce, having power to deal with the facts of the c, and pronounce a sentence of dissolution of marriage at once. The Court would consist of the Lord Chancellor, the Chief Justice of the Queen's Bench, or a Judge of the courts of Westminster appointed by him as his deputy, and the Judge of the Court of Probate and Administration. This tribunal would take vivef voce evidence of the facts in proof of the allegation of adultery; it might summon a jury in the case, or direct an issue to betriedbyajury, inthe same manner as the Court of Chancery; there would be a right of appeal from its decisions to the House of Lords. The Court -would only take evidence on an allegation of adultery on the petition of the husband, except in a case of incestuous adultery on the part of the husband, when the suit might be promoted by the wife. Lord LY-=nsT thought the me&asure insufficient, and that in its present shape it ought not to pass into a law. The bill itself and the whole question should be referred to a select committee for inquiry. The biU would not render the situation of women better. In most cases it would make it much worse. Women had a right tocomplain of the present state of the law, by which. even if separated from the husband, he could, and generally did, keep all their property for his own use; al a woman might inherit after separation was her husband's; and all she might earn by her talents forherown support was alsoherhusbands bylaw. ThebiUgave no remedyforthisgreat injustice. Nor did it give a woman any protection in the most odious of all actions,-a suit for divorce; she was not allowed to appear, or give evidence, though to her it was a question of life or death, while to a defendant in such a case it was only a matter of money. He could not see by what principle the new tribunal was to be governed. - Three Judges were appointed to inquire into the facts; but there was still an appeal from their decision to the HEouse of Lords; it might confirm the decision, or it might direct the Colurt to excamine new wiitnesses, or reexamine the same witnesses as to new facts. This would be very expensive. A complicated machinery was constructed for an cinsufficient purpose. WIe denounced the injustice that denied to a wife the right of proceeding against the husband, except in a special case; there was a clause under which a wife might apply for a private Act of Parliament; but the bill allowed the husband a remedy on comparatively easy terms, and left the law exactly as it stood for the wife, who withouLt the means could not possibly apply for or obtain relief. He quoted a number of authorities to prove that greater facilities of divorce would not produce the injurious results apprehended, and moved that the bill be referredto a select committee. Lord BRouGnxu seconded the motion; the evils to be met required a much larger remedy than this bill. The present principle by which they granted relief to the husband, almost as a matter of course, and, equaly as a matter of course, refused it to the wife, was repugnant to the sense of justice. He concurred with Lord LymmnusrT that the measure would rather make the present state of the law worse, than improve it. Lord REDESDAtE deprecated any interference with what had been the law of England from the introduction of Christianity; much of the happiness of marriage depended on the feeling that the bond could not be dissolved. He agreed that if the principle of the bill was right it did not go far enough; if they once opened the question they would have to go further than they could consider safe. He supported the motion for reference to a committee. The Earl of AmEEDEm feared, if the biU was sent to a committee, it would necessitate a continuance of the system of injustice which had been so long maintained. He believed the law of Scotland on this suibject was founded in wisdom and justice; and its results might lead them to look with more complacency on the Scotch law of marriage, against which some of the arguments, he declared, were absurd. The LOBD CrANCxLOR would not resist the general wish of the House, and consented to refer the bill to a committee. He had not intended it to remedy allthe defects in the laws affecting marriage and divorce, but onlyto simplify one branch of pro- edure,Hand remedy an admitted grievance. He should not in committee attempt to extend the measure beyond that object. The motion for referring the bil to a select committee was then agreed to, and the House adjourned. In the House of Commons, in reply to the Marquis of GRniBY, Lord PAmmsToON said that the only treaty concluded between England, France, and Austria was that which had been laid upon the table. Mr. H. B1ERxE1Y repeated his annual motion for leave to introduce a bill to take votes by way of ballot; or, in his own words, he renewed his en- I treaty to the House to permit him to pass a measure to extricate the electors of Great Britain and Ireland from the state of humiliation and degradation into which, he thought, they were plunged by the instrumentality of open voting. Having described, in a vein of sarcastic humour, the present position of the ballot question, he proceeded, as he said, to grapple with the various arguments which he had last seen recorded in opposition to it, contending that open voting, so far from conserving the electoral trust, led to its direct breach . that intimidation, the master evil of the existing system, could only be cured by the ballot; that, take away open voting, and intiridation would colapse and die. In support of these positions r. B REREY employed ridicule as well as reasoning, appealing to authorities and examples in both America and England. Mr. PEAcocxE, in opposition to the motion, observed that Mr. Bnnxn had not adduced a single instance of intimidation. He was bound to show that the ballot would protect the honest and conscientious voter, whereas he (Mr. PEACOCEE) contended that this was precisely the class to which it would afford no protection; that it would protect only the liar, the hypoclite, and the knave, while it would, in his opinion, open a door to an extensive system of fraud. He opposed the ballot, he said, in the name and in the interest of the unrepresented classes of the community. After a few words, in explanation rather than reply, from MIr. BEmRu , the House went at once to a division, when the motion was negatived by 151 to 111. Mr. J. PHDirop moved for leave to bring in a bill to takeaway from all archbishops, bishops, and ecclesiastical persons in England and Wales all power of appointing Judges and Chancellors, and vesting such powers in the Lon CCHA LOR. The motion was seconded by Mr. HADFIELD. The SoLmcrroR-GmEx.&L did not oppose the motion, and did not believe it was the wish of the House that any opposition should be offered to the introduction of a measure to remedy a crying evil winch, nie saic, would have been removed if the bill brought into the House of Lords had not met with an opposition which had proved fatal. He made some observations upon the difficulties encountered in that House, including unprofitable talk, in passing measures for th.e reform of ecclesiastical Jursdiction. Mr. GLADsTon-.E, with reference to these observations, accused successive Administrations of not setting their shoulders seriously to the wheel in grappling with that question. Their law officers, he observed, professing a desire to cleanse what was called "an Augean stable," had endeavoured to earn a little popularity by throwing bills upon the table, and permitting them to be hustled and jostled without any rational hope of passing them. With respect to the motion, he objected to the principle of the bill, and hoped he was not to infer that the Government were prepared to adopt so left-handed a manner of initiating ecclesiastical reforms. Lord PA1Rmsrow thought that what had been said by the SoLwciTon-GmNi:AL accounted for the failure of the measures referred to, it being the earnest wish of the Government, he observed, to deal with this question, and to push forward the measures as far as the other business would permit. As to the motion, he was prepared to vote for the introduction of the bill, reserving to the Government the discretion of judging of the measure when it was seen, without pledging himself to anything further. After some remarks by Mr. M i.iz s, Lord J. Russmr. impressed -upon tlle House the very great difficulty of passing bills of this nature, and the necessity of some alteration of the mode of transacting public business in the Legislature. IRe did not object to the introduction of the bill, though it did not appear to him, he said, to afford a very complete remedy. MIr. WATSOx and M1r. WIGBAr having made some remarks upon the general subject of the reform of the ecclesiastical jurisdiction, and Mr. J. PHmULMORE a brief reply, leave was given to bring in the bill. Mr. CowPEr., in moving for leave to introduce a bill to amend the Public Health Act, explained the nature of its provisions and the additional powers it gave to the local boards. Mr. PFuLATT obtained leave to bring in a bill to amend the law of imprisonment for debt. The other orders having been disposed of, the House adjourned shortly after 8 o'clock-
We. live in a new age of fresh ideas. The things which interested our predecessors have become to us wearisome and unprofitable. Old party cries lose their significance, and faith, which once could have removed mountains, give3 unmistakeable proofs of being chilled and dead to a degree which those who remember the fierce party contests of the last 25 years can hardlybelieve possible. Opinions no longer encoumter each other with the direct shock of point-bLank contradiction. There are everywhere "' three courses" where there used to be only two, and will soon be four or five instead of three; and even if some ancient fouds still subsist which once were the watchwords of party, they are waged with a lukewarmness and a mildness clearly showing that while the one side has lost its impetuous powers of attack the other is equally unready and unwilling to defend. Let any one who doubts this consider for a moment the position which the question of the Ballot filled, and the faith which a considerable portion of the community were willing to repose in -this expedient, as the only means capable of preventing electoral corruption. Well ! the usual period returns, and Spring brings with her asparagus and the Ballot. Mr. HENRY BmERLY makes a speech in I favour of the Ballot-such a speechi as would I have been applauded rapturously some years ago, full of the claptrap and personalities wherein our fathers delighted, and of that abstract and doctrinaire style of reasoning by which a great practical question can be so easily reduced to a mere metaphysical abstraction, with nothing in it to at- tract the intellect or to satisfy the mindi inquiring for truth rather than victory. Mr BERRESEY seemed last night to tnink he had no- thing to do but to prove that gross abuses hadi crept into our electoral system, and that he had then demonstrated the absolute necessity of a recturence to the Ballot as a complete cure for such disorders. But it is here that the difficulty begins, instead of ending, and this is precisely the ques-, tion which can least of all be taken for granted. Has the Ballot that power of preventing intimidation and putting a stop to corruption which its advocate assumes it to possess? Is bribery a mere matter of bar- gain and sale where the purchaser will not pay the i price till secured of the objeci for which he pays it, and for which, if no such security can be given, he will be unwilling to deal ? Will the person who exercises undue influence cease to exercise that influence as soon as he is convinced that he can never know whether that influence has been successful or not ? These are the very points most open to dispute, and which in such a question least of all i can be taken for granted. The answer that was given to Mr. BERicELEY I was not very powerful nor very happy. It dealt rather with words than ideas, and, having been prepared beforehand, did not form any very precise answer to the speech which it followed. Yet this was the debate ulpon which 250 members of the House of Commons were ready to go to a division, feeling, apparently, that justice was fully done to their sentiments by a discussion which. left the real essence of the question wholly undiscussed. It may be said that the matter had been so often debated before that the House despaired of adding any novelty to it, and was content therefore to I waive a profitless brawl of words altogether. In this view, doubtless, there is much truth; but still one would expect that even on the stalest subjects, if exciting a real and lively interest,there would be i orators to speak and audiences willing to listen to them. MIen are not careful to measure their words where their feelings are seriously engaged, and are apt, as we know by frequent experience, rather to err on the side of excess than of deficiency. The truth, therefore, seems to be what we have long declared-that the great question of the Bal- lot is now very like a sham. For some reason or1 another, a number of persons possessing influence with constituencies have made of the Ballot the touchstone of the liberality of the can- didate and the test of his fitness to represent them I in Parliament. Such jactics are sure to produca a large number of votes, but they cannot produce either conviction or interest in the subject on | which those votes are given. The debate on the Ballot is felt to be a periodical humiliation, imposed by its constituents upon the Hous3 of Commons, and is got over accordingly with all imaginable despatch. Possibly, also, the recent discomfiture of that school oF politicians who have always been most eager and clamorous in their recommendations of secret voting may have extended itself to their favourite measure, and perhaps, too, the more practical spirit of the present day is beginning to discard mere metaphysical abstractions, and to look at those results of secret voting which are little considered while the whole matter is treated as a moral or metaphysical thesis. The real and unanswerable objection to the Ballot seems to us to be that it would invest all malpractices at elections with the most absolute and entire impunity. At present the candidate who gains the return must feel that, unless the manner in which every vote wma obtained will bear the strictest scrutiny, he has gained nothing. The fact that a voter has broken his pledge-has voted against the I party with which he is in the habit of acting -is enough to excite suspicion, and furnish a clue by which the enemy may -unravel the most secret and best concealed practices. The i beaten candidate knows not only that he is beaten, but how he is beaten, and with the list of voters in his hand he is at no loss to refer the phenomenon to its true causes. But with secret voting the candidate who is fortunate enough to gain the return is relieved from futther anxiety, because he well knows that, strange and paradoxical as the event- may be, there is no clue by which the mystery can! be unravelled. He-cannot tell who are his friend! or who his enemies,-the beaten candidate knows not where to direct his suspicions, nor which of the majority of promises which he possessed before the poll bIegan have failed him. The effect of this is obvious enough; it would render Parliamentary I committees utterly powerless to review the proeeedings at elections, and secure to every member who, by. whatever means, had obtained a seat, the most complete and perfect impunity. The record on which alone ludicial proceedings can be based would be blotted and defaced, and it ! would be idle to inquire into the integrity of a voter wlhose vote remained and muist always remain a mystery which even his most solemn assertion could never clear uip. We take no overstrained view of such a state ! of things when -we say its result would jnecessarily be to stimulate those evil pyactices wvhich recent legislatio"n has checked, and to renaer a seate in the House of Commons far more than at present a prize onlyr to be obtained by men who can afford to pay a heavy price for its accluisition. Such are the results which must necessarily follo'w the introduction of the Ballot. Secrecy is the parent of impunity, and impunity of corruption; and we believe that there is far more to be lost by emalcipating the candidate, the agent, and the voter. from fear, shame, and responsibility than gained by placing some slig,ht difficulties in the way of the grosserkinds of intimidation. We therefore rejoice that even the minority in'the House have given up defending that for whiclh they are forced to vote, and content themselves with fulfilling their pledges without the additional absurdity of arguing in favour of a measure the effects of which would be directly contraiy to its professed intentions.
Whatever foreigners may think or say of Parliamentary forms and constitutional Governments, we certainly find that they answer one purpose for which they were intended-viz., the expression of the popular opinion upon any great topics of the day. Even when the subject under ostensible discussion is of the most unsentimental or most abstract nature it may subserve the object of indirectly eliciting the assent to, or the repudiation of; a general feeling or a popular prejudice. And this. we hold, with all deference to the admirers of a strong Government-that is, a Government stronig enough to put down all opinion, and to use men mnerely as the passive members of a vast piece of docile machinery,-this we hold to be a great benefit both to rulers and to people. The introduction of the last Budget on Monday evening gave an opportunity to sundry speakers both of combating and of expounding opinions very generally held in this country. Mr. GLADSTONE, for example, confessed the existence, while he contested the truth, of the prevalent hypothesis, that it was owing in part to Parliamentary economy that our army was less efficiently organized and less professionally instructed than the armies of the continent; and, as if for the purpose of demonstrating the casuistry to which the most honest mind may be led by its subtlety or its love of illustration, he actually ventured to rebut this presumption by comparing the amount of money expended on the English soldier with the cost of his Prussian or Sardinian contemporary ! But the subject which produced this singularly infelicitous comparison of money values was also the opportunity of drawing forth other opinions, the worth of which,we trust, will outlivethe occurrence from which they sprang. In makilng his financial statement the CHANcEnoro of the ExcisQtRzn had to allude to the second loan of 1,000,0001. to the Sardinian Government. The convention under which this loan was to be advanced engaged, " if " the war should not be brought to a close at the " expiration of 12 months after payment of the " firat instalment of the abovementioned loan, "to advance to His Sardinian MALESTY another "like sum of 1,000,0001. sterling." The act of Parliament which sanctioned this loan became law on the 26th of April, 1855 ; the ratifications of the Treaty of Paris were exchanged on the 27th of April, 1856. Consequently, the war lasted (and that only nominally) one day after the expiration of the 12 months within which the fist loan was legally payable. Considering that the Treaty of Paris had been signed in March, and that the peace might really have been deemed to date from that epoch, a Minister who regarded only verbal or financial precision might have been pardoned for holding himself absolved from the payment of any further sum on account of the loan. One single day before the ratification-one whole month after the signature of the treaty, might have been fairly construed to exclude Sardinia from the benefit of a loan made only as a provision for the necessities of actual warfare. But the Government, and not only the Government, but Mfr. GLADSTONE and the House in general, liberaUy and unanimously extending the terms of the stipulation, have applied to the wants arising out of the war a vote which might have been rigidly contracted to the direct wants of the war itself. The House felt that the " noble and gallant conduct" of Sardinia entitled that country to a consideration which, under other circumstances, might have been clouded by economical pradence and negatived by technical precision; and we have little doubt that upon this point the House truly represents the feelings of the English nation. But the occasion served to elicit not only a cordial approval of Sardinia from all parties, but a not inopportune inquiry from MIr. DisRA=. That gentleman put a questionwhich did notimmediately arise from any proposal of the Government, or from any words of the C ANcELLon of the ExcHEouEn, but which is sometimes asked among politicians at home, and much oftener abroad,-- What are the meaning and intent of the English policy towards Sardinia? What attitude does England propose to take as between Austria and Sardinia? She has allied herself to both. Bat the interests of those two countries are antagonistic ;-with which does she propose to side? Is she patting Sardinia on the back, helping her with loans of money to set her up as a rival or enemy to Austria in the dominion of Italy? If so she is acting inconsistently with good faith as an ally of Austria. If she is not, she is fostering false hopes on the part of Sardinia. If she has pledged herself both to help Sardinia and to support Austria, she has committed an act of diplomatic perfidy, which complicates great criminality with the grossest blundering. Such is the purport of Mr. DIssBuI's questioning, and such, too, is the gossip of political quidnunes. Lord PAsmRsToN replies that there is no sort of understanding between Sardinia and Enngland either as regards secret or open attempts at an Italian revolution; that our relations with the former kingdom are of the most candid and frank character; that we have accepted her aid in the past war to accomplish objects of European interest; that we consider her to have a great mission-viz., that of holding out to all Italy the bright example of constitutional government; but that we have never led her to believe that we would abet her in any aggressive attempt upon her neighbours any more than we have led Austria to believe that, in conjunction with France, we would guarantee her in the maintenance of all the present Austrian possessions. Such is Lord PAMERSTON's reply. Such as it is it is no doubt true, literally true, and ought to be satisfactory; but we fear it will not satisfy those whom it most concerns-the Sardinians, or rather the Italian people. The fact is, that in this country popular sympathy, as in Italy popular indignation;, is far ahead of the discreet language of statesmen and diplomatists. It would not be wise-indeed, hardly safe, for men burdened with the responsibilities of office to express sentiments which individually they cannot but feel on the great Itaian question. A nation of grand and immemorial traditions parcelled out in petty satrapies, trampled on by the foot of the foreign conqueror or insulted by the protection of the foreign friendI is a theme which provokes much tundiscriminating, but also much thoughtful and trutnful, symipathy. Those travellers who do- not know her past history regard all the sufferings of Italy as alike unmeiited and atrocious, while those *who see in, them the retributionof nationalerrors or crimes cannot bu'. feel that the guiilt has been in some larts of' her tcrritolyr iore thn mneasured by the ptnishmeut that has followedl, By tlhe recognition of such wrongs and compassion for such oppression Englishmen have encouraged the hope that their country would co-operate in the restoration of Italian freedom; and this hope eaeh successive English Government has relentlessly destroyed. Hence has arisen among both Austrians and Italians a feeling, very irrational indeed, but not at all inexplicable, that England has played a double part. Because English subjects and English senators, reared in an atmosphere of free thought and speech, will not smother the expression of their disapprobation at a system of despotism and their disgust at the perpetration of atrocities, the rulers of the Peninsula will ever suspect the English Government of revolutionary intrigues; while its adherence to treaties, its love of order, and its hatred of anarchy will cause the Italians to suspect it no less o, WACVELL-Lu treachery. But, though her moderation may be misiunderstood, depreciated, or reviled, England has yet an important duty to perform. Without fomenting discontent or exciting sedition, she may interpose the mediation of kind offices and temperate counsels. She may arrest the descent of the iron flail; she may allay the wvild outburst of unreasoning and inconsiderate passion. She may discountenance the turbulent agitation which inspires no fear, but furnishes despotism with a pretext and an arm of vengeance. She may dissuade from that relentless vindictiveness which, though it punishes, also brutalizes a peopie. Above all, she can, by money, by counsel, by mediation, by every kindly office, encourage, sustain, and elevate a nation which has displayed so much courage, so much selfdependence, so much ability for self-government, as the small but high-hearted nation of Sardinia.
Sir HxNRY BARELY is to be the new Governor of Victoria. After having passed seven years in the West Indies and conducted the government of two important colonies with eminent success at a critical period, he will almost immediately return to England and receive his appointment to the charge of the new and wealthy society which has lately sprung into existence on the shores of Australia. We imay, without any affectation of prophecy, say that the vast and singular emigration of the last few years has planted on the Australian continentcommunities which are destined to become one day a powerful nation. Sydney, Mfelbourne, Adelaide, and Hobart Town are to us what New York and the cities of the American coast were a century ago. The colonists of Australia have gone forth, carrying with them the independent spirit of the mother country, and exhibit, even in an exaggerated, form, the old selfwill and impatience of controL Happily, the colonial policy of England has changed since the days of past calamities, and even the last few years have witnessed an advance on the former system of minute and troublesome interference from home. The Governor of such a colony as Victoria must be a man to deal wisely and temperately with representative institutions, and to bear patiently but firmly with the roughness of a new people suddenly placed on a rich territory, with great opportunities and aspirations, and uncontrolled by settled customs or the-traditions of a fixed society. He must be to some extent a constitutional Sovereign and a responsible Minister inone. No man will hold that, like the occupant of a throne, he can do no wrong, and yet he cannot, like a Miister, disclaim the responsibility of anything that is done against his consent. He has duties to the mother country, and duties to the colony. To the Sovereign who appoints him he owes it to uphold the rights of England and the general interests of the empire, while the recently established institutions of the colony demand that he shall govern according to the wishes of the people ,-so complex are the duties, so difficult is the position, of the man who rules by -a commission from the Cuowx the proceedings of what may be almost styled an independent State. Yet that this task may be ably executed we have had instructive examples. Canada, a country lying on the frontier of a people who are proud to be called aggressive, was less than 20 years ago in open rebellion. Yet under a system of responsible government it has become firmly attached to the British Throne, while its internal resources have been developed even more rapidly than those of the United States themselves. It is, indeed, only by the carefulPchoice -if men that so delicate a machinery can be expected to work. Civilians of a high order of administrative ability, accustomed to the moderation of English political life, must henceforth be the governors of our great colonies. While Gibraltar or Aden, places which are held for military or postal purposes, may be conveniently placed under the sway of generals or naval officers, it is found more and -more nwise to appoint such men to the government of largely peopled dependencies. Distinguished services by flood or fieldcmust in future be rewarded by other means than by an appointment to manage the political, commercial, and partly the religious concerns of an intractable race of settlers, proud of independence and rapidlyacquired wealth, little inclined to respect anything, and least of all the rank and insignia of the Horse Guards. It seems, indeed, that the government of the chief colonies mnst henceforth demand the services of men who may be justly tenned statesmen. It remains, therefore, to consider whether some additional rewards ought not to be given to those who devote their time and health to a difficult and often ungrateful task. Tlhe high position of a XMnister at home, the social regard, the public fame which he obtains, are sufficient to attract the most gifted men to seek the honours of the State. But the case of a Colonial Governor is widely different. He quits his country for an indefinite period; he breaks up old friendships and associations ; he throws away all the chances which a steady career at home might give, in order to admrinister in a distant region the affairs of an unsettled people. It is said that in more than one case the expenses of the post are such that at the end of the year little remains to the Governor out of his official salary. At the close of his term of office he returns to his coumtry some five or six years older, but as poor as he went; he finds himself almost forgotten among his old connexions, and his chances for the future far less favourable than if he had idled away the intervening period in England, instead of laboiuing at arduous and honourable duties abroad. That these are not mere suppositions is well proved in the present instance. It is no secret that the Governorship of Victoria has been offered to a number of peers and gentlemen, and refused by all. Yet the appointment is worth 10,0001. a-year, the climate is temperate, and the position -as exalted as can well be conceived. But it is supposed, with some reason, that the Governor of Victoria must spend nearly all his salary, and it is knowvn that there is no pension afterwards. We think it would not be unbecoming if the country made some provision for those who have spent a certain number of years in the colonial serv.ce. It is surely as just that the laborious administrator who -has passed the best years of his life under a tropical stn, or amid the rude politics of the Antipodes, should be assured a competence . in his age, as that ex-Chancellors should receive their pensions. 3But this is a wide question. With regard to the particular appointment which we annoiunce, we think ve may congratulate the colony and the 31inister -who has at last found so able a Governor as Sir H. Bxmny. In be-stowing such a piewe of patrownie the diffi- -~~~~~~~~~ -ft culty and responsibility of choice are very great and the CoLoN-iAL SEcm-r-axy must be above all others happy to think that the trouble anc - certainty of an interreg-lum are so fortunately ended.
THE MEDITMRRAIYEBA. SOUTHAMPNTTO, 3L&Y 2Q. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Indus, Captain Brooks, with the India and Mediterranean mIils, we have dates from Alexandria, May 6, Malta, 10, Gibraltar, 15. The Indus brings 127 passengers, and on freight a cargo consisting of 458 bales of silk, 6 cases of piece goods, 7 cases of plants, 8 chests of Cashmere shawls, 6 packages of coffee, 39 packages, 14 barrels, and 28 cases of gum, 18 bags of ricc, 37 chests of indigo, 1 chest of cigars, 84 boxes of oranges, and96 packages of sundries. The ships at M1alta were-Her Majesty's ship Hannibal (Rear-Admiral Stewart), the Hibernia (Rear-Admiral Stop. ford), Royal Albert, Terrible, Firebrand, Spiteful, Odin, Himalaya, Medina, Triton, and Shearwater, the French brig Palimure, the British transports Nicholas Wood, {, Assistance, 215, Khersonese, 10, City of London, 9, and the Belgravia, 105. The ships seent off Malta were the Great Britin, and, off Goza, Her Majesty's ship Perseverance, both standing for the harbour. Off Galita, on the llth, pm., passed the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Aa; on the 14th, off Europa Point, passed the steam transport 241, sanding W.N.W. From Gibraltar we learn that strong winds had prevailed accompanied by thick fogs. Several vessels, which were making for the Straits when the fog set in, unforcunately grounded on the eastern beach, among them the French bark Victor Jacquemont, B. Frebourg, master, from Mfar. seilies, bound to the coast of Africa in ballast, near Torre Carbonera; and the British bark Countess of Durham, Dalton, master, from Malta, bound to Quebec in ballast, near the Tanara, but both got off at high tide without sus. taining damage. At Europa Point, near the lighthouse, the British bark Mary Wilson, Captain T. Owen, from Alexandria for Liverpool, laden with cotton, ac., and an Anerican ship also grounded. The Bustler, steamtug, was despatchod to their assistance and succeeded in extricating the American, which proceeded on her voyage, but the bark remnainedon the rocks; she was lightened of part of her cargo, and, after great difficulty, was extricated in a very- leaky state. The Resolute steam-transport put into the Bay on the morning of the 14th inst., from the Crimea and Malta, to coal, preparatory to resuming her voyage to Canada with 33 officers, 675 rank and file of the 9th Regiment, 109 of the 17th, and 18 of the Land Transport Corps, all under the command of Colonel Borton, C.B. She has likewise on. board 3 ladies, 6 children, and 4 servauts. An order was issued before the Resolute left Balal;lava that the regiments destined for America were to be embarked and sent on to their respective destinations prior to any other troops; and it was understood that those for home service would be the lasttoleave the Crimea. The abovementioned men of the Land Transport Corps are proceedingto Canada for the purpose of forming a depot. Hr. Bruno, formerly chancellor to the Sardinian consulate at Tangier, has been promoted by his Government to the ranlk of vice-consul. Tho 12th inst. was observed at Gibraltar as the day of general thanksgiving for the restoration of peace, and services were performed in the various churches. The steam.transport Thames had arrived at Gibraltar, and, having landed the 30th and 92d Regiments, destined for that garrison, proceeded on her voyage to Malta and Corfu on the 10th inst. The steam transport Clarendon, having had her topmasts and mizen topgallantmast replaced, sailed on the 11th inst. The steam transport flolyrood, with biscuit, c., from Plymouth for lMalta and Constantinople, resumed her voyage from Gibraltar on the 9th. The Sydney steamn-transport, from England, bound for the Crimea, passed the garrison on the morning of thle llth inst. The British steamer FrankFort, six days from Liverpool, arrived at Gibraltar on the 9th inst. The Pioneer steam. tranport, having discharged the naval stores brought by her for the dockEyard at Gibraltar, took in a portion of the cargo of the British sailing ship Eden, wBhich put into that port on the 8th uit., inna leaky state, and proceeded to Mbalta. The following is an extract from the Garrison Orders issued by his Excellency the Governor to the troops of the line and militia who are to return to England on the arrival of the regiments expected from the Crimea - " The regiments of the line and the militia regiments composing the garrison being now under orders to return to England, his Excellency the Governor wishes to express to them his satisfaction at their conduct during the time they have been under his command. Although the regiments of the line have not been called on to assist in the glorious struggle which has now been so happily concluded, his Excellency doubts not that they wonid have shown the same dauntless spirit in the field which the British army has invariably exhibited. " To the regiments of militia his E-xcellency desires to bear testimony that they have comeforvardand volunteered their services at a s;;oat trying period; that their attention in learning their duties has been most assiduous; that their bearng has been soldierlike, and, in a word, that ' they have deserved well of their country."' Exchange at Gibraltar was quoted on London, for bills at 90 days, 50k7; Paris, 5f. 37c.; Marseilles, 5f. 38c. Spanish pillared dollars were worth S per cent. premium, but there were none in the market.
HER AirJESTYS THEATBE. GreAt as the success of MAdame Alboni has been in the operas of Ccncrentola and 1n JBarbicre, her performance last night as ATnimain La Sovnnamnzda may fairly be regarded as the most brilliant triumph she has achieved this season. Hitherto the audience havo been charmed, last night they were astounded. In the other operas she had this advantage, that the music was composed expressly for the contralto ; but here was a work written for a soprano, and distinguisbed by the success of a long series of soprani, and not only did she surmount every obstacle, but she left her hearers conainced that a more exquisite performance was not within the compass of their experience. During the first act her power was not fuUly displayed. The sopranovocalists have produced a brilliancy of effect tha, might place in disadvantageous contrast an artist whose ornaments are emclusivelyin the middle register, and. though Madame Alboni's execution was such that she wag loudly called before the curtain at the end of the chamber-scene, she had not as yet exhibited the wealth of her resouroes. The adagio, "Ai,h, non creder" was a charnming utterance of sentiment tbat held the listeners in a state of entrancement. asif anxious to weigh every note that fell from the lips of the vocalist; butit was not till she came to " Ah, non giunge," that her real triumph was accomplished. hlere, thongh she took the air a third lower than her soprano competitors, she introduced such a profusion of newv and perfectly executed ornaments, especialy in the secondl verse, that all comparison was forgotten by the audience, and theyburst forth into rapturous plaudits at-the absolute excellence before them. On the descent of the curtain, a I loud call was raised for the vocalist, who, ever modest with her talent, endeavoured to satisfy the applavders by merely coming forward. But this would not sufirce. The call for "1 Alboni" was transmuted into the more definite demand for an encore, and che repeated thelinate with-if poaiblA -increased effect. M. Calzolari was the accomplaihed and sensible Tocalist as Elvino, and the lady who played Lisa gained an enc in the thirdl act by the excellence of her vece. xd Beaeven. tano was a Judicious but somewhat frigid Bodolfo. The house was filled in every part, and vrese an aspect no less brilliant than on the openingrnight.
DDv]m, Wednesday, 1 35 a.m.-His Royal High. ness Prince Frederick William of Prussia arrivod at Dover from Ostend in the Belgian Government packet Topaz at midnight. His loyal Highnems was received at the landing-place by Colonel the Hon. Francis Seymour, Eck uerry in Waiting to Prince -Albert, his Excellency Count Bernstorf, the Prussian Anibassador, and Captain rfl.wain4 the Naval Superintendent of the port, by whom the Prince was conducted to Birminghatm's Royal Ship Hotel, where he will stay during the night. His Rcoyal Highness will leave Dovcr for Portsmouth cn ro?de for Osborne by a special train at S 30 am Tend usualar e at Portsmouth at about 12 311 p.m. The usual military lhouours will be shown; to the Prince on his departire in the morning. Tlir MAns.-SouTiLnonN, May 20.-The Peninsular and Oriental Company's screw sieamship Pera, Captain Soy, witl the India and Al-diterranean mnails, sailed this afternoon for Alexajidria, conveying 70 pa. sengers, among whom are Colonel L-aw, Lieutenants Curaozt and Boyle, Captains Brooling, Gibbing, and Wade, and *Drs. 3Mackenzie and Hathaway, 541,G791. in specie, of wlhich 536,0391. is for India, and the remainder for China, and a full general cargo. The Tagus, Captain John Week, with the }eninsular mails, is. expected about the 23d inst. The 1-United States' nmail steamer Washingtol, Captain Cavendy, s xll sail at mid-day to-morrow for New Yorw, with the German, French, and English mnails, pE-sesgers, and-cargo. The Vanderbilt line steauiship. North Star, lieatenant I Hiunter, 'U.S.N., is expocted at this port for Newr Y.k, cm | Fviat for Bremen, aboat Tlhursd;y next.
THE ALLEGED POISONINGS AT RUGELEY. TRIAL OF W. PALMER. CMTRAL ORTIINAL COURT, MSy 20. The trial of Wlliam Palmer on the charge of poisoning JohnParsons Cookwas resumed this morning. The court was quite as much crowdedas during the previousdays. Aimong the gentlemen upon the bench were Mr. Horsanian, M3P., Sir J. aiamsden, h.P., and Sir John Wilson, Governor of Chelsea Hospital The learned Judges, Lord Chief Justice Campbell, 3Ir. Baron Alderson, and 3Mr. Justice Cresswell, accompanied by the Recorder, the Sheriffs, Under-Sheriffs, and several members of the Court of Aldernen, came into court shortly before 10 o'clock, and took their seats upon the bench. The prisoner was immediately placed in the dock. His appearance and demeanour were in no respect changed. John Jackson, examined by Mr. JALmss.-Iam a member or the Colege of Physicians. I have recently returned from India, where I have practised for 25 ye.ars. During that practice I have had my attention directed to cases of idiopathic and traumatic tetanus. In England idiopathic tetanus appears to be rare. In India it is comnpaLratively frequent. The proportion of cases of idiopathic to traumatic tetanus is about one-third. I have seen not less than 40 cases in the hospital at Calcutta. That disease is not considered to be so fatal as traumatic tetanus, but I have found that it is equally so. It is commonly found in children-both native and European. It takes place about 'the third day after birth. It will also be occasioned by cold in the climate of India. In infants there is a more marke,d symptom of locljaw than in traumatic tetanus. Ia adults there is no difference between the svmptoms of the twvo diseases. I have always seen idiopathic tetanus preceded by premonitory symptoms. Those are a peculiar expression of the countenance and stiffness in the muscles of the throat and of the jaw. The period which usually elapses between the attack of idiopathic tetanus and the fatal termination of the disease is in infants 48 hours; in adults, if the disease arises from cold, it is longer, and may eontinne many days, going through the same grades as the traumatic form of the disease. I have not heard the evi-dence of the attacks of the deceased Cook. Cross-examined by Mr. Seijeant SHEx.-In idiopathic tetanus the patient is always uncomfortable for some time before the attack. The appetite is not much affScted. He ecomplains more of the muscles of his neck. He may within 12 houirs of a serious attack preserve his relish for food. I mever heard a patient complain of wMant of appetite. I have knowneasesofidiopathic tetanus in whichthefirstparoxysm -occurred in bed. I have known this disease occur to women after confinement or miscarriage. Sometimes one of the premonitory symptoms is a difficulty in swallowing. Re-examined by the AroRNEY-Gsu_sR.,.L.-In an in. fant not more than sis hours will elapse between the premonitory symptoms andthe commencement of the tetanic paroxysm; in an adult the interval wiUl be from 12 to 24, sometimes more than that. The interval from the commencement of the tetanic convulsions to death will vary from three days to ton days. Sometimes death may occur in two days, but that is an early termination. When the disease sets in the course of the symptoms is alike in both forms of tetanus. Both forms arn much more common in India than in England, The symptoms in India are the same as in England. I have never seen a case in which -the disease ended in death in 20 minutes or half an hour. Daniel Scully Bergen, examined by the ArorxcsEY-G,R-SsLA.L.-I am the chief superintendent of police at Stafford. I attended the coroner's inquest on the body of Coo1. After the verdict had been returned. I, on the night of Saturday, December 15, searched the house of the prisoner Palmer. I found a quantity of papers, the greater portion in the surxery and drawing-room, but somo in Palmer's bedroom. I put them all into the drawing-room, locked the door, aid pat the keyinto my pocket. On the following day (Sunday) I endeavoured to make a selection of them in the presence of MIr. George Palmer, -the prisoner's brother, an attorney at Rngeley. Assisted by Inspector Crisp and Mr. Woollaston, 1 went through aU thepapers. Eventually, on the Tuesday morning, I gave up the idea of selection and tied up all the papers, took them away in a blacL leather bag, and conveyed them to Stafford, where I delivered them to Mr. Hatton, the chief constable. Some days afterwards, I believe on the 24th of December, the bag was opened in my presence, and the papers were gone through minutely by Mr. Deane, solictor, acting for the prosecution. He classified them, and they were then again tied up. MEr. Deane copied a portion of them, but he kept none. They were all left at the office of the chief constable. When I examined the papers I saw what they were. I did .not find a check on Messrs. Weatherby, purporting to bear the signature of Cook, nor any paper purporting to bear his signature respecting bills of exchange. Some of the papers were afterwards returned to MIr. George Palmer. Mr. Dezne selected a large anmber of letters and documents, private accounts, privateletters, which were delivered to Inspector -Crisp, with instructions to give them to Mr. George Palsuer. WYilliam Palmer wvas arrested on the night of the 16th -of December. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant SHIEE.-The inquest was held at the Talbot Arms. It continued several days. The first meetingwas merelyto empaunel the jury. The inquest lasted more than a fortnight. The prisoner was arrested by the sheriff on a civil process a day or two before the verdict 'was delivered. - From the commencement of the inquest nntil that time he was at his house at Eugeley. He was never present at the inquest, nor did any one act professionally for him. Some time before the death of Cook I heard of an Inspector Field, who I believe is not now a police-officer, being at Rugeley. I knowthat there are such persons as the Duttons, but do not know anything about them, or their mother. Hlenry Augustus Deane, examined by Mr. JaarEs.-I am -an attorney, and a member of the firm of Chubb, Deane, -and Chubb, Gray's-inn. I attended the inquest on the body -of Walter Palmer, but not that on the body of Cook. On the 24th of December I saw Palmer's papers at Stafford. They were in the custody of the last witness. The papers -were in a black bag, which was unsealed in my presence. Bergen, Mr. Hatton, the chief-constable, and myself were the persons present. I carefully examined all the papers, for the purpose of selecting those which it was necessary should be kept. I returmed a considerable number of immaterial papers to George Palmer. Among the papers I found no check upon Messrs. Weatherby, purporting to be signed by the deceased Cook, nor any paper like that which the witness Cheshire stated that Palmer asked himi to attest -an acknowledgment purporting to be signed by Cook that bills to the amount of some thousands had been ac,cepted by Palmer for Cook's benefit. I saw George Palmer, the soicitor, after the papers which I had selected were returned to him. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant SHEE.-I know Field, the detective officer. We were solictors to the Prince of Wales Insurance-office. It was in our employment that Field went to Rugeley. He was at Rugeley only a part of -one day. He was at Stafford for three or four days alto- bther. e did not seethe prisoner Palmer. His visit had eceded by that of another officer, named Simpson. Simncon wentfromStafford to Rugeley withmyself andField He toldme he had seen Palmer. I think he went into Staffordshire inthe first week in October. Re-examined by Mr. J'UmES.-Field was sent down to maLe inquiries as to the habits of life of Mr. Walter Palmer, of whose death the office had shortly before received notice, -and also to inquire into the circumstances of a person named Bates, with reference to a proposal for an insurance of 25,000t. upon his life. Jon Espin, examinedby 3k. am a solidt" practlsingua Davies-street, Berkeley-square. I am solicitor to Mr. Padwick. I produce a bill for 2,0001. which was placed in my hands to enforce payment f-om the prisoner. Mr. Strawbridge, manager of the bank at Rugeley, was called and provel that the drawing and endorsement of tnis bil-abillatthr-eemonthsfor2,000l., drawn by Wlliam Palmer, and purporting to be accepted by Sarali Palmerwere in tho handwriting of the prisoner, and that the acteptauce was not in that of his mother. John Fspin continued-This bill would be due on the 6th of October, 18S54. 1.0301. had been paid off it. Judment was signed on the 12th of December, and I had then had the bill only a day or two. The execution was issued on the 12th of December. I have here a letter from William Palmer addressed to 3fr. Padwvick on the 12th of NovemUher, and enclosing a check, and requesting that it should not be presented until the 28th of November. I produce the cleck for 1,0001. enclosed in this letter of the 12th. The -check is dated the 28th. That check was not paid. I pro-duce another check, dated the 8th of December, 1855, payable Sto 3r. Padwick orbearer, for the sum of 6001. [Mr. Straw'bridge proved that the signature to this check was in the landwritingoftheprisoner.] That-wasnotpaid. Itwasreceia-ed a few days afterthe check for 1,0001. was dishonoured 1,0001. still remiined due. WVe issued a cc. sa. aia st the prisoner's person. JUpon that Palmer was arrested. Cross-examined by Mr. Se:ieant SamEX-I believe all the documents were placed in my hands together about the 12th of Decembcr. William Bamford, examined by the AwTORN-E-GN-suR&.L -I am a surgeon and apothecary at11ugeley, in Staffordshire. I firt saw the deceased John Parsons Cook on Saturday, the 17th of November. Palmer, the prisoner, asked me to visit him. Palmer said that Cook had been dining with him the ! daybefore, andhad taken too much champagne. I went with Palmer to see Cook. I asled Cook if he had taken too much wine the day before, and he assured me that he took but tv;o glasses. I found no appearance of bile about Cook, but there was constant vomiting. I prescribed for him a saline effervescing draught and a six ounce mixture. I never saw Cook take any of the piUls which I had prescribed. After I had prepared the pills on the Monday evening I took them to the Talbot Armn and gave them to a servant maid, who took them upstairs. On the Saturday, Sunday, and Monday I prepared the same pills. I saw Palmer on the Tuesday morning. I was going to see Cook when he met me. I asked him if he had seen Cook the night before. He said that he saw him between 9 and 10 'cloCc, anrd was with him for half an hour. He requested that I would not disturb Cook, andI wxent home without seeing him. Between 12 and 1 o'clock Palmer met m.e again.. I Was going to see COOA, atd Palmer begged I would not go, because he was stil and quiet, and he did not wish him to be dbturbed. At 7 o'clock in the evening Palmer came to my house, and reg:ested me to go and see Cook again. I went and saw him. Waving seen Cook, I left the room with Jones and Palmer. Palmer said he rather wished Cook to have his piUs again, and that he would walk up with me for them. He did so, and stoodby whilelpreparedtheminmy snrgery. Ihadstrychnia m a cupboard in my own private room. I punt the pius in a box, and addressed it, "N'ight pills. John Parsons Cook Esq." I wrote that direction on all the four nights. On the Tuesday night Palner requested that I would put on a direction. After that I did not again see Cook alive. Palmer took away the pils between 7 and 8 o'clock. I had wrappedthebon upinpaper,andhad sealed it. There was no impression of a seal upon it. The direction was upon a separate paper, which I placed under the box, and between it and the outside paper. Nothing was written on the bpx or on the outside paper. It was as near as could be 20 minutes past 12 at midnight when I saw Cook dead. I understood he was alive when they came to me, and I could not have been more than five or ten minutes in going up. I found the body stretched out, resting on the heels and the back of the head. as straight as possible, and stiff. The arms were extended down each side of the body, and the hands were clinched. I filed up the certificate, and gave it as my oini tat he died from apoplexy. Pahmer asked met ilu h ertificate. I had forms of certificates in my Possession When Palmer asked me to fill uip the certificate I told him that, as Cook was his patient, it was his place to fill up the certificate. He said he had much rather I did it, and Idid so. I was present at the post mRorten examination. After it was over Palmer said, " We ought not to have let that jar go." That was all he said. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant Ssssx.-My house is about 200 yards from that of the prisoner. Thomas Pratt, examined by Mr. JMrES.-I am a solicitor, and practise in Queen-street, Mayfair. I know the prisonerPalmer. M1y acquaintance with him commenced at the end of November, 183. I obtained for him a loan of 1,000?. That was repaid. In October, 185, I was employed by him to make a claim for two policies upon the life of Ann Falmer. I received upon the prisoner'saccount 5,0001. from the San office, and 3,000l. from. the Norwich Union. The money was applied in payment of, I thinl-, three bils, amounting to 3,5001. or4,0001., which were due, and of loans obtained after I had made the claims upon the policies. There was 1,5001. not so applied. That was paid to Palmer, or applied to other purposes under his direction. In ApTil, 1855, Palmer applied to me for a loan of 2,0001. He did not state the purpose for which he required the loan. I obtained it upon a bill for 2,000l. drawn by himself and gurporting to be accepted by Sarah Palmer. On the =th of November of that year there were eight bils held by clients of mine or by myself. [These bils were produced and read; the total amount for which they were drawn was 12,500?.] Two bils, dated Jul 22 and Jly 24, for 2,000?. each, were the only bills which were overdue in November, 1855. Two bils, for 500?. and 1,0001., were held over from month to month. (These were bills dated June 5 and August 2, 1854.1 The interest was paid monthly. With two exceptions, these bills were discounted at the rate of 60 per cent. On the 9th of Nfovember the interest for holding over the two bils, dated in 1854, was due. I remember the death of Walter Palmer. That occurred in August, 1855. I was instructed by William Palmer to claim from the Prince of Wales insurance. office 13,000l. due upon a policy upon his life. The Sarah Palmer by whom these bills purport to be accepted is the mother of the prisoner. While holding these bills I from time to time aidressd letters to her. I wrote to Palmer as folows :- " If you are quite settled on your retura from Doncaster, do pray thinik abot your three bills, so shortly coming due. If cdo not get a positive appointment from the office to a which I do not expect, you must be prepared to meet them as agreed. You told me your mother WaS OilUpts nionth, and wouid settle them." w coming up this About a wveek afterwards I wrote to himn (This letter had no date, but bore a postmark;, Sept. 24]: You are aware there 3re three bils, of 2,000?. each, accepted by your mother, Mrs. Sarah Palmer, falling due in a day or two. Now, as the 13,000?. cannot be received from the Prince of Wales Insuiance-office for three months it will be necessary that thosa bills should be renewed; * ill therefore thank you to send me up three rew acceptances to meet those coming due: and wtich, when they fal due, I presume the money wil be ready to meet which prprdt amounthto,500. more than your motherhas givenac- On the 2d of October I wrote to ; " This, you wil observe, quite alters arrangements, and I therefore must request that you make preparations for meeting the two bills due at the end of this month. In any event, bear in mind that you must be prepreed tot cover your mother's acce,tances for the 4,000?., due at the end of the month." On the 6th of Octber I knote to him auother letter, contamii thb s passage 'I have your note acknowledging receipt byoyour mother of the 2,000?. acceptance, due the 2d October. Wh not let her acknowledge it herself ? You must really no fail to come up at once, if it be for the purpose of arranging for the payment of the two bills at the end of the month Remember I can make no terms for their renewal, and they must be paid." I had received from Palmer a letter, dated October r, ackno ledging, on the part of his mother, the receipt of a bil of exchange for 2,000? On the 10th I wrote to Palmer a letter, from which the follownng is an extract:- "Horever, not to repeat what I said in my last, but with the view of preng on you the remembrance that the two bills due at the end of this month, the 26th and 27th, must be met, I say no more. The 2 0001. acceptance of your mother, due the 29th of September, I sent her yesterday. It was renewed by the second of the three sent me up." On the 18th of October I 'wrote to Palmer as follow sm - " I send copies of two letters I have received. As regards thefirst, it shows how important it is thatyou or your: mother should prepare for payment of the 4,0C0l. due in a fewv days. I cannot novw obtain delay on the same ground I did the othes, for then I could have no groand for su posing the claim would not be admitted."P On the 27th of October Palmer called and paid me 250?. That wvas on account of the bills due on the 23th and 27th of that month. He said he would remit another sum of an equal amount before the following Wednesday, and wrould pay the remainder of the principal by instalmentsas shortly aspossible. Inreplyto a letter of mine of the 27th of OctoberI receives the follownug letter from him, dated 28th of October : "I will send you the 2501. from Worcester on Tuesday, as* arranged. For goodness' sake do not think of writs; only let me know that such steps are going to be taken and I wi get you the money even if I pay 1,000?. for it; only give me a fair chance, and you shall be paid the whole of the money." 4 On the 31st of October I wrote to Palmer " The 250?. in registered letter duly received to-day. With it I have been enabled to obtain consent to the following:That, with the exception of issuing the writs against your mother, no proceeding as to service shall be made untm the morniag of Saturday, the 10th, when you are to send up thu 1,00. or 1,5001. You will be debited with a month's interest on the whole of 4,000l. out of the money sent up. I impress upon you the necessity of your being punctual as to the bills. You will not forget also the 1,500?. due on the 9th of N%ovemnber." On the 6th of November lissued writs againstPalmer and his mother for 4,000?. 1 sent them to3r. Crabbe, a solicitor at Rugeley. On the 10th of November Palmer called on me. I had received a letter from him on the 9th of November - " I wiU be with iou on Saturday next, at half-past L" He did caU on me, and paid me 300., which, with the two sums I had before received, made up 8001. 2001. was deducted for interest, leaving 600?. ew was to endeavour to let me have a further remittance, but nothing positive was said. It is possible that writs were mentioned, but I have no recollection of it. No doubt he knew of them. (A letter of November 13from Pratt to Palmer was then read, in which, after givingi some explanations with respect to the "Prince of Wales" policy, Pratt said :-"II count most positively on seeing you on Saturday; do, for both our sakes, try and make up the amount to 1,000?., for without it I shall be unable to renew the 1,500. due on -the 9th."1] On the 16th of November Palmer wrote to me " I am obliged to come to Tattersall's on Monday to the settling, so that I shAll not call and see you before Monday, but a friend of mine will call and leave you 2001. to-morrow, and I will give you the remainder on Monday." On the Saturday (Nov. 17) some one came from Palmer, and gave mo a check of a Mr. Fisher for 2001. On the 19th Mr. Palmer wrote to me- "AU being -well, I shall be with you to-morrow (Monday), but cannot say wlhat time now. Fisher left the 200?. for mne."1 On Monday, the 19th, which was the settling day at Tattersall's, Palmer called on me after 3 o'clock. This paper (produced) was then drawn up, and he signed it - " You will place the 50l. whieh I have just paid you and the 4v50?. you will receive by Mr. Herring-together 50.- and the 2001. you received on Saturday towards payment of my mother's acceptance for 2,000l. due on the 25th of October, making paidto this day the sum of 1,300?." He paid me 50?. at the time, and said I should receive the 450?. through the post, from Mr. Herring. I afterwards received a check from him for that amount, which was *aid through my bankers. On the 21st o November Palmaer vrrote to me- "El;ver since I saw you I have been fully engaged with Cook and not able to leave home. I am sorry to say, after all, he died this day. So you had better write to Saunders; but, mind you, I must have Polestar, if it can be sO arranged ; and, should any one caU upon you to know what money or moneys Cook ever had from you, don't answer the question "Ivwill send yoa the 751. to-morrow, and as soon as I have been to Mtanchester you shallhear about other moneys. r sat up twvo fulll nights with Cook, and am very much tired On the 22d of November I wrote to Palmer " I have your note and am greatly disappointed at the non-receipt of the money as promise and at the vague assurances as to any money. I can understand, 'tis true, that your being detained by the iUness of your friend has been the cause of not sending up the larger amount, but the smaUer sutm you ought to have sent. If anything umpleasant occurs y ou must thank- yourself. " The death of Mr. Cook will now compel 'you to look about as to the payment of the bill for 5001. on the 2d of December. "Ihave written Saunders, informing him of my claim, and requesting to know by return what claim he has for keep and training. I send down copy of bil of sale to Crubble, to see it enforced." On the 23d of November I received a note from Palmer, saying that Messrs. Weatherby, of 6,. Old Burlingtonstreet, would forward a check for 751. in the morning. On the 24th I received another note. saying that he would come up either that day or Mlonday. 1 saw him on the 24th, when he signed the followiing paper:-- "1I have paid you this .ay 100l. 751. you will pay for renew;al of 1,00?., due the 9th of November, for one month, and 201. on accou-nt of the 2,000?. due the 25th of October, making 1,325?. paid on that account." I had received a check for 7?. on MIessrs. Weatherf.y, but they refused to pay it. On the 26th of November Palme wrote to me:- " (Strictly private and confidential.) " My dear Sir,-$hould any of Cook'es friends caU upon ou to know what mone Cook ever had from you, pray don't answer that question or any other about money Xmatters until I have seen you. "And oblige, yours faithfully, "WILLAM PALMER." There was a bill of sale on Polestar and another horse of Cook's, called Sirius. I did not know Cook. I never saw him. The bill of sale was executed at the beginning of September. The prisoner had transacted the loan. [The bill of sale was read.) On the 26th of August Palmer wrote to me on the subject:- " low,I want, and must have it from somewhere, 1,0001. clear by next Saturday without fail, and you can raise it on the policy (viz.. the policy for 13,0001. on the life of W. Palmer) if you like, and it must be had at a much less rate of interest than I have hitherto had, because the security is so very good, and if you cannot manage it you must let me have the policy, because you have plenty of security for your money." On the 30thof August he again wrote:- "Ihave undertaken to get the enclosed biU cashed for Mr. Cook. You had the 2001. bill of his. Ie is a very good and responsible man. Will you do it? I wil put my nae to the bill." In this letter was enclosed Cook's acceptance for 500!. On the Oth of Septenmber Palmer wrote - " I received the check for the 1001., and wliU thank you to let me have the3l5l. by return of post, if possible; iE not, send it me (certain) by Monday night's post, to the Postoffice, Doncaster. I now return you Cook's papers signed, &c., and lie wants the mnoney on Saturday, if he can have it, but I have not promised it for Saturday. I told him he should have it on ' uesday morning at Doncaster; so please enclose it with mine, in cash, in a registered letter, and he must pay for it being registered. Do not let it be later than Monday night's post to loncaster." On the 9th of September he wrote "You must send me for Mr. Cook, by Monday night's post (to the Post-office, Doncaster), W.. instead of 3751., and the wine warrant, so that I can hand it to him with the 3751., and that will be allowing you 501. for the discount, &c. I shall then get 101., and I expect I shall have to take to the wine, and give him the money; but I shaU not do so if you do not send 3851., and be good enough to enclose my 3151. with it, in cash, in a registered letter, and direct it to me to the Post-office, Doncaster." I accordingly wrote to Palmer, at the Post-office, Doncaster, enclosing 3001. in notes, and a check for 3751. I struck out the words " or bearer," so that it was payable to order. In the letter I said:- "You know by this time that if I do what I can to accommodate you there is a limit to my means to do so, and more particularly as in this instance you have been the means of shutting up a supply I could generally go to. I think also you had little reason to allude to the 101. difference after the trouble, correspondence, &c., I had with respect to a second insurance you know of, which, althongh it did not come off, arose not from any lack of industry on my part. I have no reply as yet from the Prince of WVales. When shall I see you about the three 2,0C00. bius coming due at the end of ihis month ? I speak in time, in order that you may be prepared in case anything untoward happens with the Prince of Wales. I am obliged to send a check for Cook, as I have not received the money, which I shall do, no doubt, to-morrow." The check for 3751. and the wine warrant was the consideration for Cook's bil of sale for 500!. The other 3001. had nothing to do with Cook's transactions. [A letter from Palmer was then read, acknowledging the receipt of the previous letter, with the enclosures.] I had one other transaction with Cook before this. It related to an acceptance of Cook for 2001., which was paid. I had no other pecuniary transactions whatever with him. The date of that first transaction was the end of April or the begi n of May, 1855. The bill was drawn bylZalmer on Cook, an was paid by Cook. Mr. Stevens was here recalled, and, having examined the endorsement on the check for 3751., said,-This endorsement is not in the handwriting of Cook. I never saw him write his name otherwise than " J. Parsons Cook," whereas this is written " J. P. Cook." Mr. Strawbridge was shown some acceptances purporting to be by Mrs. Sarah Palmer, and said that none of them were in Mrs. Palmer's handwriting. Wiliam Cheshire, wbo had been a clerk in the bank at 31ugeley in September last, proved that Palmer had an account there, and that the check already in evidence had been received by him and carried to Palmer's credit. Cross-examined.-I did not know Cook; he never bad any transactions with me. Mr. Pratt was then cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant Sisxx.-Previous to May, 1855, 1 new nothing at all about Cook I then held a sum of 3101., due to Palmer, and he wished me to add 190!. to it, and to pay 5001. to a Mr. Sargent. I declined to do that without further security. He then proposed the security of Cook's acceptances, and represented Cook to be a gentleman of respectability and substance. On his representation I agreed to accept a biU drawn by him on Cook for 200!., and to make the advance. He thus got the500Z. I wroteto Cook about the first transaction. I als wrote to him before his death, on the 13th of November, reminding him that 5001. was dae on December2. I sent the letter to him at Lutterworth. Re-examined. -The first 200!. biU was due on the 29th of June, but was not then paid. I wrote about it, and Cook came up on the 2d of July and paid it. I did not see him. John Armshaw, examined by Mr. WELsBY.-I am an attorney, practising at Rugeley. About the 13th of November1was employedto apply to Palmer for payment of a debt of about 001., due to some mercers and drapers at Rugeley. On theI19thoflfovember I sent nip to London instructions for a w,rit. On the next morning (the 20th) I went to Palmer's house. Ee gave me twro 501.-notes, and said he hoped he should not be put to the cost of the writ. One was a Bank of England, the other a local note. I took them to my employer to get the receipt and change and to settle about the costs. John Walibank, examined by Mr. WEasnY. -I am a butcher at Rugeley. On the Monday, in Sbrevsbaury race week, Palmer's man came to me and fetched me toPalmer's house. Palmer said, " I wiant you to lend me 25!." I said, " Doctor, I'm very short of money, but rul-tr if I can get it." He said, " Do, that's a good fellow; I'l give it you again on Saturday morning, as I shall then have received some money at Shrewasbury." On the Saturday I met him iR the street, wrent to his house with him, and he paid me the money. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant S}IEE.-Palmer had lent me money sometimes wvhen I had asked him. His mother lived in the town, in a large house near the church. 7.e was in the habit of going there. John Spillbury, examined by 3r. BODKIN.-4 am a farmer, near Stafford, and have had dealings with Palmer. In November last he owed me 46!. 2s. On the 22d of NSovember (Thursday) I called on him, and he paid me that amount. He gave me a Bank of England notesfor 50l. I called casully. I had not appEied to him for the money. That was the first transaction lad with him. Mr. Strawbridge, examined by the ATTRohY-G E1~hA., said,-On the 19th of November Palmer had an account at the bank, and there was a balance of 9!. 6s. in his favour. NothingT was oaid to his account after that. The 10th of October ws t'he last date on which anyt.hing was paid to the account. The amount then paid wras 50!. Herbert Wright, examined by Mr. E. JAMIEs.-I am a solicitor, in par-tnership with my brother, at Birminghaml. I have known Palmer since July, 1851. In November, 1855, he owed my brother 10,400!. We had a bill of sale upon his property. [It wras produced and read, It recited that Palmer was indebted toESdwin Wright in the sum of 0,500!. on account of bills of exchange accepted by Sarah Palmer and endorsed by Palmer to Wright, and as security for that amount, and afurther sumn of 2,3001., which had been advanced to him, a powrer of sale, subject to redemption, was given by Pahuerover the whole of his property, including his horses.] All the advances were made upon bilsJ together wsith other collateral security. All the bills are here, [The hills purpcortig to be accepted by Palmer's mother wiere produced; also an acceptance of Palmer's for 1,6i00!.] In the early part of November I wfas pressing Palmer for payment. Many of the bills w ere overdue. Palmer always said the money wouldbe paid after the Cambridgeshire races at Newvmarkcet. I put the bill of sale in force in December, after the verdict of the coroner's jury was returned. i w,as present wvhen the property. was taken. I found no papers i the house. Cross-examined by Mfr. Serjernt S}IEE.-Asheriff's officer effected the seizure, and an auctioneer followed him. Should you have objectedx to give JPalmer more time for payment if you had been askced !.-I hardly knowr; probably 1should not. I wras not hostile to hima. I never accommodated Cook. I had offered to do so, but the transaction never assumed completion. (AL Laugh.) Reexamuined by the A1ror.Nx-Gmuur.-These bills wvere discounted at 60 per cent, per annum, and would have been renewred probably at the same rate of interest. Mr. StrawFbrsdge proved that theacceptances produced by the last witnesa were not in the handwrmting of Mr.Palmer. Cross-examined.-They are a bad imitation of her hand. The AITrORoi-G;mixnB said that Mr. Weatherby was the onlxy remaining witness for the p rosecution, and, as he was not nowr in court, he hoped theiloordahipa wrouldallowr him to be examined in the morning, before his learned friend opcned the defence. M.r. Serjeant SHxE asked the Court to permit the witness Mills to be recalled, in order that he might examine her as to where she was now residing The ATTros Y-GniEPEALL-She was cross-examined upon that point. Lord CAs3rnr..-We are of opinion that there is no ground for recalling her. Mr. Serjeant SHEE asked permission to put some further questions to Dr. Devonshire with regard to his having been pushed by Palmer during the post snoiteim examination. Lord CAnrs'ann.-By all means. Mir. Justice Crssssw.V observed that he did not think it was a circumstance to which much importance could be attached; he had not taken a note of it. Mr. Baron ALnFRsOX expressed a similar opinion. There was nothing extraordinary in a person who was interested in the examination beinganxions to see all thatwas goingon. Mr. Serjeant SHXE, after that intimation of their Lord. ships' opinion, would not press his reguest. Lord CAMrMnLL hoped that the jury would have an opportunity given them of breathing the fresh air that fine even,ing. The Court adjourned at half-past 3 until 10 o'clock to. morrowr (this morning).
TZHE FIREWOBKS. TO THE EDITOR 0F TEE TIMES. Sir,-Can you induce the Wauthorities to publish some regulations as to the proceedinsgs on the 29th inst. ? carriages tnd horses, or either, be admitted into the - Parks? Will there be any seats eredted to which the publ:,c will ho admitted o1paymnent ? And will the illumnatii,ns be general v 1 am. Sir. tour obedient servant. ONE OF THE PUPUIC. lay '2. CAkADiAN MAmLs.-LivRpoOL, May 20.-The Canadian Mail Conipanv's'screw steamer lgdinn vill sail hence fg. Doqutreal aw %uuebec to-morrq. (Wednesday).
LATEST INTELLIGENCE THE EAST. (Sy 8 MBA g2bD :OR I'M TxnA? }.) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Vienna correspondent :- IVIZNNA, TuESDAY, Xay 20, NOOy. c By a treaty concluded between the Sultan and the Western Powers the period within which the evacuation of the Turkish territory was to have been completed has been prolonged. The prolonga-; tion is said to be six months from the present time."
COU1?Z CIRCULAR. OSBORNE, MAY 20. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, accompanied by the Prince of Wales, Prince Alfr1ad, and tho Princess Royal, crossed over in the Fairy yesterday morning, and proceeded up the Southampton Water to the spot appointed for the erection of the Royal Victoria Hospital near Nesley Abbey, of which Her Majesty laid the first stone. The Qaeen, on landing, was receiveed by Lord Panmure, Secretary of State for the War Department; Vice-Adrniral Sir George Seymour; MIajor-General Breton, commanding the South-Western District; the Marquis of Winchester, Lord-Lieutenant of the county; the 3Mayor and Corporation of Southampton, the Bishop and Dean of Winchester, and other official persons. Her Majesty received an address from the Corporation of Southamnpton, and returned a gracious answer. After the ceremony of laying the frst stone had been performed Her Majesty inspected the troops employed on the occasion, vhile at the dinner which had been provided for them. The Royal party then re-embarked in the Fairy, and returned to. Osborue. The Countess of Gainsborough, the Hon. Emily Cathcart, Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, and the Equerries in Wait. in' were in attendance on Her Majesty. jajor-General Breton and Captain the Hon. J. Denman had the honour of dining with Her Majesty yesterday. A deputation relative to emigration into British Guiana had an interview with Mr. Secretary Labouchere yesterday, at the Colonial-office. The deputation consisted of Mess. Cave and Naghten, hlr. Armes (Bristol), Mr. Kinston, A r. Shand (Edinbargh), Mr. Ewing (Glasgow, M r. lophinson, Messrs. Deune and Boaker (Liverpool), Mr. Harnage, and Mr. Macgregor, and were accompanied by Mr. Ewart, M.P., Er. HorsEfa, bLP., 3Ir. W. Miles, ALP., and Mr. W. Gore Langton, 1LP. A deputation from the Early Closing Association had an interviewv with Sir George Grey yesterday, at the Homeoffice, on the subject of a Saturday half-holyday in Governnent offices and Govermnent works. The deputation consited of the Earl of Shaftesbury, the Hon. Arthur Kinnaird. MLP., Mr. RobertHanbury, jun., the Marquis of Blandford, Mr. Arthur Mills, Captain 8tnart. MP., Mr. G H. Davies, Rev. Thomas Binney, Rev. T. H. Gurney, Mr. B. Shaw, Mr. Mechii Mr. 'V. Locke, Mr. J. Lilwall, Mr. J. R. Taylor, and Mr. J. Barker. Deputations from the parishes of St. Mary, Islington, consisting of Dr. Grabbam, MIr. Harvey, ir. Savage, Mr. Shadgett, Mfr. Vousley, Mr. Coweil, and M[r. Holland, to. gether th Mr. Sparling, clerel of the trustees, and from the parish of St. Mary, Nerwinton, consisting of Mnr Silvester, Mr. Bone, Mr. Chester, and Mr. Burgess (clerk to the board of guardians), had an interview w sth the Right hon. E. P. Bouverie at the office of the Poor Law Board on the subject of the bil relating to the removal of Irish and Scotchs paupers. Deputations fromu Serjeants'-inn, Fleet-street, consisting of Mrr. Prendergast, Mr. TPhompson, andlir. Rivington; and from Staple's-inn, consisting of MIr. Thorndike, MIr. Chester, Mr. Armstrong, and Mr. Grey, had interviews yesterday with the Ri"ht Hon. E. P. Bouverie, at the office of the Poor LawY %ard, on the subject of the clauses in the Poor Law Amendment Bill relating to extra-parochial places, A depstation from the Manchester General Cemetery, consisting of the Right Hon. T. hLi. Gibson, M.P., Mr. J. Kershaw, MEP., Milr. Gregory, and Mfr. W. Crippin (chairman), transacted business yesterday at the Home-office. Despatches from the Governors of Ceylon and the Mlaunitius were received yesterday at the Colonial-office.
DR. TA YLOP'S EVIDENCE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-It is very painful to me to have to write anything during so important a trial as that of "The Queen v. Palmer " which may appear to be a comment upon the evidence; but I feel it due to my character as a literary man immediately to contradict an assertion made by Dr.' Taylor in the course of his testimony this day-viz., that a Mr. Mayhew obtained from him a statement concerming the alleged Rugeley poisonings in a surreptitious manner. The Mr. Mayhew alluded to was myself, although by a mistake the Christian name of my brother was used ; buL, so'1ar from Dr. Taylor's assertion being generally true, I beg to saJ i contradiction to it:- L That the letter of introduction which I took to that gentleman statedthepurport of myvisit, and requested him to place at my disposal all that he felt at liberty to communicate, "more than which," added the writer of the letter, "I would not ask you to state, nor would Mr. Mayhew wish to ascertain." 2. That at the end of my inerview with Dr. Taylor I asked his permission to publish what he had stated to me, and was told that he had no objection, provided he saw a proof. This interview took place in the presence of Mr. Sutherland Edwards, whose corroboraticn I-subjoin. 3. That I have by me a letter from Dr. Taylor, dated Jan. 3>, 1856, in which he writes :-" I have no objection to t'ae publcation of the substance of our conversation the other evening, in so far as it relates to the correction of certain statements made in the newspapers regardiug secret poisoning and the number of cases which have fallen under my notice." 4. That I called on Dr. Taylor with the printed proof containing the substance of his conversation with me, and haYe such proof still in my possession, with the corrections -in his own handwiting, and, I may add, that not a line but wvhat was sanctioned by him appeared in the Ivtustrated lTimes. I would, in charity, conclude that Dr. Taylor was so confused during his long and rigid cross-examination this morning that he was not exactly aware of the serious charge conveyed in his words; and it is but due to my own reputation and character as a journalist to add that though, in the course of my investigations into the condition of certain classes of London society, I have within the last few years received some hundreds of statements from all zanks of people, this is the first imputation that has ever been mnade of my having obtained any information in a dishonourable and surreptitioues manner. ! ~~~~I remain, Sir, your obedient servant. HENRY MAYHEW. 15, Percy-street, May 19. P.S. I would add that my connexion with the Iustratad Times was limited merely to an inquiry into the extent of poisoning with a view to defraud the insurance-offices. d "8. Duke-street, St. James's, may 19. My dear Sir,-I perfectly remember what took place between Dr. Taylor and yourself when we called uponhim. After you had presented Professor Faraday's letter you informed Dr. Taylor that you were anxious to publish in the Ilustrated Times the substance of any information he might give onthe subiect of socret poisoning. Dr. Taylor at once gave his consent to your doing so, on condition of your sending him a proof of the article beforo it apeared. 4" On leaving Dr. Taylor's I made notes of the principal points in his conversation, and the next morning, at your request, wrrote the article founded upont tem. I remember your taking a proof of the article to Dr. Taylor's; and I also reme)nDr seeing the proof when you brought it back, with the alterations made by Dr. Taylor himself. "A As the journal was on the point of going to press, and the alterations had necessarily to be made in great haste, you sent particular directions to the printer to be very careful in making all the corrections marked by Ta ylor. I saw a corrected proof, or ' revise,' of the article before it went to press, and satisfied myself that all Dr. Taylor's alterations had been attended to. I must not omit to add that alarzge portion of the article-was, as you must remember, published, not only with his sanction, but at his suggettion and even request, as he was very anxious to correct certain statements which had been made publicly in reference to the impossibility of detecting the presence of certain poisons by chymical analysis. Dr. Taylor further offered to give us every informaation respecting his mode of con,ductmg analyses, and invited as to be present at one which he expected to undertake before long. "Y ours sincerely, R HENRY SUTHERLAND EDWARDS." Henry Mayhew, Esq." The subjoined is from the printer of the journal ia qs,ti, eg t a 15-14, Gough-square, May19. Sir,-Ibeg to state that when we were getting up the Rugeley number of the Iffieateeed Times, in January last, I received copy of an article headed " Our interview with Dr. Taylor;' that I sent yoa a proof of the said article, which was returned by you with a variety of corrections; thatyou accompanied this oDrrected proof with a request for another, stating that you wihed to show it to Dr. Taylor; that this second proof was returned to me with a considerable number of corrections, additions, and deletions, which alterations I understood and believed had been made by Dr. Talor, and were in his own handwritng; at all events, they were in a different handwriting from those mad, on the previous proof; and that you thea eested metto kt you have another and final proof, in oraer that yoe r4i8ht satisfy yourself that all the doctors corrections h been properlymade, and that nothing had been alloeed ta stand which he had strucX out. This revise wa- sent to you, and, as faras I remember, never was xet=u4d in consequence, as ',yns understood, of its being aU rigb". * "I may mention that in sending for one of the proofs II the article in question-though I cannot now recoUect whether it was the first, the second, or the third proof-you mentioned thatyoi wished it early one morming, 'in ozder that Dr. Taylor might see it beforehe wer. to the hosdital,' or something to that effect. " These are the facts of the malier, so far at they came within my knowledge as printerI of the Illru.arated Times, and to the best of my recollction. - . "I am,. Sir, Yo.rsxrespectfully, ery EW; IL DRYBURGH cc enryhMayhqv, E-sq."
REVIEW OGF MIlITIA BY THE QUEE.L PORTSMOUTH, TuzSDAY. Her Majesty having expressed a wish to Major-Genera Breton, the Commander-in-Chief of the South-Western Ds. triot, some days since, to see the militia regiments quartered in Portsmouth garrison in review order before their distribution, this day was appointed for the ceremony to take place on Southsea Common. The weather was beauti. fuily fine, and an assemblage of some 30,000 of all ranks was collected on the occasion. A great influx of visitors from the Isle of Wight was added to the general muster. At about half-past 5 o'clock the Queen and Price Consort, accompanied by Prince Arthur and the younger niembers of the Royal family, embark-ed fom Osborne on board the Royal yacht Fany, Captain the 13on. Joseph Denman, and steamed fbr this harbour. On approaching the fleet at Spithead the senior officer's ship opened a general Royal salute; with yards manned. The garrison battery also salited, as did the flagships in Portsmouth harbour, with their crews on the yards and every line dressed in colours of every hue; the crews cheered, and the scene altogether was even more animated than at the late review, or any other recent occasion. At the King's Stairs of the dockyard the Roval party disembarked, and were received on the landing p by Vice. Admiral Sir George Seymour, the Commander-in-Chief Real-Admiral Superintendent Martin, Captain the Hon. J. RI Drummond and sundry other captains of the fleet, and a guard of honour of the Royal Marine Artillery, corn manded by Captain Bernard anrL Williams MIorris, and Halliday, with the band and colours of the Royal Marine Light Infantry. Major-General Sir G. A. Wetherall, I.C.B., Adjutant-General to the Forces; and MIajor-General Sir Richard Airey, K.C.B., QuartermasterGeneral, *vere also in attendance, with their respective aides-de-cam ; as were Colonel Forster, Royal Engineers, and Colonel Uraham, C.B., Royal Marines, aides-de-camp to the Queen. Hler Majesty and suite entered two of the Royal carriages, and the staff and equerries rode on horseback. The Royal cortgc was preceded ietenant-Colonel Dalgetty, Assistant Quartermaster-General, to thefieldwrherethe troops were drawn up in line under their several commanding officers -Major-eeralH. W. Breton, commnanding im chief. The troops to be reviewed-which were exclusively militia-consisted of 424 men of the 1st Rtoyal Surrey, nnder Lieutenant-Colonel G. P. Evelyn (late Captain in the Rifle Brigade); 327 of the Dorset, under Colonel Bingham (late H.E.LC.S.); 403 of the (King's Own) 2d Stafford, under Colonel the Hon. E. R. Littlejohn, ILP.; 325 of the Armagh, under 31ajor Cross; and 261 of the Westmeath (Rifles), under MIajor J. J. Nugent (ate Captain 3d Dragoon Guards). The ground was k-ept by the Hants Militia (infantry and artillery), under the command of Major Heatheote (late Captain.34th Foot). On reaching the ground the troops receivedthe Queen with the general Royal salute, the bands playing " God save the Queen." Major-General Breton then advancedcand received the Royal commands. Prince Albert mounted a chairer, and accompanied the Queen along the line. His Royal Highness wore the uniform of a general officer. The staff followed the Royal party, wYho, having thus cursorily inspected the men, returned to an enclosed space in rear of the Royal standard post, and took uoa position to watch the evolutions of a field day all the moveements of which were, by the militia, performed with a precision and regularity which would have done no discredit to the oldest regiments of the reul arany. After this the Queen, court, and staff left the ground, cordially cheered by the assemblage, and returned to the place of embareation. The Royal yacht left the harbour for Osborne at about a qsarter past 6 o'clock. After the review Prince Albert called the colonels of the regiments together, and expressed Her Majesty's and his own pleasure at the admirable front presented by their regiments, and the soldierlike character of their evolutions.
INUNVDATIOgS N FRANCE. The provincial journals are naturally much occupied with the scenes of devastation which their localities present, in consequence of the continued rise of the rivers in the centre and south of France. Apprehensions are felt that, when the rivers have retired within their natural limits, great damage will have been caused to the young crops. The Courri-cr de Lyon of the 18th publish a loD<g account,commencingthus:- "'Saturday, 17th, noon.-Since yesterday morning the aone has rLsen higher over the roads of Be Ba-be and Font-anes, and over almost the vhole of the Qaai de Serin, and the entrepA3 of wine and. wood. All the Quais de la Baleine, de St. Antoine, and des Ce1estins, as wel as the streets ruming from them as far as the Place de In Prefecture, are completely under water, and in several parts the water forms such torrents as to be really dangerous. A part of the Quai de Sainte Marie des Chaines has completely disappeared, and a large portion of it has been ubdermined by the river and washed away. "2 o'clock p.m.-The Rh6ne continues to rise. In many arts the waters are overflowing the quays on the right ank, and along the Quai de Itetz al circulation is cut off. The Place des Cordeliers and the Rues Claudia and Stella are complete lakes. Beams of wood and materials of all kinds are brought down by the torrents. " 8 o'clock p.m.-The Rhone begins to subside; the embankments which have been formed above the city, and 'which protect the communes of Vaux, Charpenmes, and the land of the TUte d'Or, have resisted the force of the. torrent. LesBrotteauxandLaGuillotierehave been invaded in several parts by the water, which has risen through the sewers. WVe are without any accounts from the Haut Rhone, and are therefore ignorant whether the fears entertained for some portions of the Mediterranean Railway have been verified. The waters of the SaOne have continued their upward movement. Daring the last 12 hounrs they have risen about 45 centimetres (about 16i inches). All that can be now seen of the Quai st. Antoline is the top of the stone parapet. Two-thirds of the Place de la Prefecture are under vater, and the Thes^tre des C6lestins is 'completely surrounded by the water, and of cour-se the performances are suspended. With the exception of the newly constructed quays, suchas the Quais d'4rleans, des Asugastins, de la FeuiDe, and de Bourgneuf, all those along the Saone are inmdated the traffic is completely intercepted, aud the bed of the river is no longer marked out, except by the line of the houses on either side. The appearance of the inundated parts of the city is sadly picturesque. The only means of communication is by boats, which may be seen plying in aU directions. At night the persons in the boats carry torcbes, and the houses lighb up with lamnpions, which add to the impressin produced by this speacle. A despatch has been received fromGray, stating thatthe rise ofthe Saone atthat place had stopped, but that at Chftlon and at l;tcon the water continued to rise. The railway from Lyons to St. Etienne is impassable. The station at St. Etienne is inundated, and the departure of trains is suspended. The temporaTy bridge erected for the construction of the viaduct on the Lyons to Geneva railway has been washedaway. Several cows and a quantity of implements of husbandry have been seen floating down the stream. ISunday morning. 7 o'clock. -TheRh bne has slightly subsided during the night. The Sadne, on the contrary, has xisen about 10 centimetres (3A inches) here. It appears that the whole country from Chalon to Iyons, or, according to the report of a person just arrived from Paris, from Fontainebleau to Lyons forms one immense lake. "The Monitcur de ts C0ic cPOr states that the waters of theBreune and the Annangon have flooded the ulains of Laumes, Athie, Viserny. and Gensy. Several of tfie streets of Semur are inundated. Some women and children who were in the groundifoor of one of the houses were rescued with great aifficulty by the gendarmes. The.Tournal dc SaNe et Loire states that the town of Cluny has been inundated to a considerable extent by torrents from the mountains, which swept away the outer walls. A few hours after the Grosne overflowed its banks, and compelled the inhabitants of the houses near the river to abandon their groundfloors andtlkerefnge in the upper floors. By the exertions of the authorities they were supplied with provisions by boats. During the night the waters again snusided. So sudden was the overflow of the river that a horse and cart with two men in it were surprised and washed away. The horse was' drowned, but the men -with great difficulty saved themselves by swimiing. All the gardens near the river have been destroyed. Several ainl near the Grosne have been completely surrounded. At Donzy-leRoyal a large pond burst its bankls and inundated Salornay, St. Vincent des Pris, and Vitry. At Charolles the overflowing of the two streams which form a junction at that place was as sudden as it was alarming. The inhabitants of the lower parts of the town had barely time to move out. At Paray thehospital was inundated, and it 'was necessary to remove the patients to private houses. At Chauffailles and at Tancon two bridges have been washed away, but no lives lost. In the canton of La Clavette four bridges have been destroyed, nd the high road brocen up in several places. *At St. Loup d-la-Salle the banks of the canal had given way and caused considerable damae In the arrondissemnent of Autun a number of small bridges have been 'washed awray and tlie roads intercepted. At *Montceau a mill ws surrounded by-ater, 'hich reached nearly up to the roof. Four muen wrere forced to get on the roof for safety, from 'which place they wrere rescued by two gendarmes in aboat. On thezroad from Couches to Autun two bridges have been thrown down. The .7ournal d'Indrc et Loire states that the high embankment of the Loire has been broken through by the water at about nine leagues below Tours, opposite the ChAteau of Uss6, belonging to the Count de Laochejaqtuelin. The embankment, thus washed awray, proteed the most fertile part of Touraine, and the inundation at this time of the year will causes rset damage. The Jcaurn dua Loarctpublishes a numberof telegraphic despatceesfrom 3Nevers and xoanne on-the state of the loire. Thainteligence from Roanne at noon on -the 17th stabes that during the preceding 12 hours the waters had Mlen five centimetres (not two inches). At llevers, oa the con-. trary, they had sligh#y risen. The Allier, at toulins, was rssing at the rat-e,f S centimetres (3 inches) an. hour, while at Clermontit had fall-a 40 centimetres. 15 inches), and continued subliding The Sentinel d r sates that .he small river ar the village of 3font-sous-Vaaudrey had been so swollen i>y the havy rain as to caerfiow its bank. The river Cuissance has also overflowed and intudated all the surrounding country. The meadows aklg the banks of, the Loue are likewise all deeply rnderwater. The Courricri d2z Bas-R1iu states that the waters ro the tll are very high, but not tip to ife level which they reached in September, 1852 au} March, 1855. Several roads re underwater, and, a large extent of meadow land flooded. The Rhine continu%. torise, but not so much as to causeany serious uneasine,si, " The waters of the Seine, after having covered almeo a tlle flat part of the port of BEzey, afterwardsfoodedpox$oB of the road, and continued deepenin.guntil 8o'clock yrter(Uy morning, when they rem)ained stationary for the maosuader of the day. At about 7 in the evening they agair began to rise, and by midnight nearly the 'holo of tih road Was covered, and .rculation intercepted on sevevaolt. s By order of ,'ne police lightsvwere phlced soea towarn the driverg of carriages. -Ultimately thro ad vas closed to ca:-mges and ornisbuses, and onlX' W-ay'n and,carts s lowed to'ars along it. r_Yestery the sctale at the Ponts iRya mz;d. a metres 50c. T' hdj f'^Men to 4m. 9%. at 2 Io'clock thiss afternoon..
THE SVY2?DAY BAIYD QuESTIO. LAst night a public meeting of the inhabiatats of We;tmnuster was held in the Great Hail, Broadway, for the purpose of affording them an opportunity ef exprepsing their opuuons and feeligs on the subject of the stoppage of the ban4s from playing in the parks on Sundays. The lare hall was weUl filled in every part. Sir Jr. V. SHELLEY, ML.R, who was mnuch cheered, took the chair at S o'clock, and, in opening the proceedings of the meeting, said, the subject upon which they had met was, in his opinion, so important tlhat he had left the House of Commons, where a most important debate was proceeding, to take the chair. Since ho 'was first asked to preside matters had taken a great change for the worse. - He was asked to take the chair at a meeting for the p r oef passing a vote of thanks to Sir B. Hall and other gentlemen m the House of Cormmons who had isy their effort3 given so important a boon to the people of the mietropolis. (Hear, hear.) He had now, however, to regret that that gieat boon had been withdrawn. The Governemettookupon themselves, unsolicited, to grant this boon. No doxbt it vas, a great experiment, but he would ask vwhether any experinent ever tried was so successful as that one waswhich gave good music to the people of LondonT (lHea. hear.) More than a quarter of a nillion of persons attended in the various paiks on one Sunday ; bht, notwithstanding the number was so large, not a flower was injured~, aor- a. single person brouight before any of the magistrates next, mnorning. (Hear, hear.) That showed that if confidence, w3s placed in the people of this country, they had too much respect for their own charactes ever to abuse theconfidence reposed in them. (Hear, hear.) He- regretted the withdrawal of the Snnday bands becausw he believed good music conduced to the happiness cf the great majority of the people of London, (Hear, hear.) The bands bad been withdrawn owing to am organization emanating from Exeter-hall, backed up by theArchbiliop of Canterbury; and it was the duty of thie people to ogamnie to endeavour to prevent Exeter-hall fronn succeeding. (Hear, hear.) But they must meet quielyaud in a legitimate way, as they had met that night, ant: appoint deputations to wait en the Prene IEnister to showhim that the people were no' indifferent on the question. (Hear.) The ?riine Minister was evidently on their side, foronly on Monday night he stated that his views were unaltered on the question, that he believed innocentmnsic on Sunday inereased the happiness of the people; and went greatly to improve their minds. (Hear, hear4} The Queen, also, couldnot be opposed to the measure, forbands played under ker very windows on Sundays at. Windsor Castle. (Hear, hear.) Thereforehe (Sir J. Shelley), was convinced they would succeed if they conducted tbemselves properly; and the only thing to prevent them from sacceeding would be to take part in such demonstrations astook place in Hyde Parlcklast sumnn er. (Efear, hear.) Mr. Gxoncsx moved azresolution, expressin!g the regret and indignation of the meeting at the suspension of- theF military bands in the park;s on unnday aiternoons, believing the bands to be the source of rational and innocent recre- Mr. FooLKs seconded the resolution. MIr. RocisYornD CLARK, amid considerable confusion,. spoke against the resolution, announcing that he had signed a memorial to the Queen, praying her to discontinue herSunday baud at Windsor; that be had opposed Sunday railwaytravelingsincethefirsttintroduction of railways- had. never made a railway man work for him on the Sab6ath, and never used a carriage for 36years. [Avoice.-"Because you have not got one."] (Laughter.) Owing to the tremendons uproar which prevailed, Mr. Clark could not obtain a hearing, and he then moved an amendment againlst Sunday anusse, but an favour of extending the opportunities durnweek days for obtaining recreation. Mr. BAXTER seconded the amendment amid get uproar. UMr. SLACR, having spoken in favour of the resolution, and ir. HIGIIEs against it, the original question and the amendment were put from the chair, vhen the former wax carried alm>ost unanimously. Mr. CLA1-J then proposed, andaMr. TulNE seonded, a. resolution in favour of a proper organization to c&rry the wishes of the meeting into effect, which, after someshor*, speeches, was carried, witb only five or six dissentients. M1r. JAi'rrs BP.ADy, -.P, then addressed the meeting, congratulating the inhabitant6 on having a representative. so anxious for their interest. There was nothing thatwould tend to improve the condition of the people more than healthful recreation. If the Govermuent had wanted to improve their condition, or keep them from the alehouse, they could not have adopted a wiser courso than givingthem an elevating and rational amusement om Sunday evenings. Having expressed his regret that the bands had been withdrawn fronathe parks, the hon. memberconcluded by moving a vote of thanks to Sir J. V. Shelleyfor his conduct in the chair. (Ioud cheers.) Mfr. W. ADwes S .rrH seconded the motion, which was. carried with enthusiasm. The proceedings terminated about half-past 11 oclock.
THE A1DS IN THE PARKS. TO TEE EDITOP. OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Every reasonable person will agree with your leuaer in to-day's paper, that the English Sunday is " a compromise." All persons, wliether Churchmen or Dissenters, or that unhappily numerous class who are neither the one nor the other, desire that it shall be a day of rest from ordi-- nary labour. The church, in addition to this, desires that it shall be one of religious obserrances. The Conventicle goes on still further, and demands that the rest shall be entirely appropriated to them, or, at least, that no other mode of enjoying it shall be made generally accessible.. Everything of the kind, irrespective of its intrinsic character, is designated "a desecration of the Sabbath," and regarded as a sin, national or individual, according as it is. or is not sanctioned by the public authorities. If the puritanical view were carried oat in all its rigour, laimpton Court Palace would have to be closed as well as. the British Museum; the band at Windsor silenced as well as that inKensington.grdens; Sunday trains stopped, steawbeat companies prohibited frem ranning their vessls -on, Sundays, and postal operations suspended, not only.in. London, but all over the British dominions on the same day. If it were not respected at all, the theatres would be opened after the conclusion of Divine service; cricket clubs would play their matches, and yachts sail for cups; and Stnday woul-d be, as it is in many parts of the continent, the favourite day for reviews and horse races. I cannot conceive a man of sane mind with a regard for any formn of religion desring either of these alternatives. The real practical question therefore is, what priciple is to gaide us in drawing the line of "compromis%?" And here it certainly does seem to me that, unless the. Govermment is prepared formally to recognize the Dissenters' view as the true one, it ought not to be called upon to do inore in its favour than protect it from public insalt. Fl<>instance, it may reasonably prevent bands from prading the streets of a town, for such a proceeding bringg.annoyance hoine to the doors of persons who may be scadalized by the performance of music. But, surely, to r vent their playing in an open space, where no one need hear them unless he go for the express prpose, is an i-A-ngement of the simplest principles of religious liberty. If this is not " letting men judge us in respect of the saUkth," it is not easy to say what is. It does not seem quite clcarvwhetherri.'eGovernment. has, in its late unfortunate submission, bwaea influenced by the threats of the Scotch mnembers or an antreaty on the. part of the Archbishop of Canterbury. I the lxtter (as . Lord Shaftesbury's declaration at Rvekee-JMll implies), I1 camnot help saying that the clergy havag,eat cause to com-. plain. His Grace has a seat in theo axgjalature, and con-. sequently an opportunity of expes4ing his sentimentst. there, publicly in his place. This., rwuhl have given the. world an opportunity of knowing tbe..gr0wds upon whi;l41 he objected to the arrangement of-Si-. injemmin HalL. Ha& they been those of expediency,, they might have beenq. spectfully reviewed by others w1o Uw,onsidered thesqb&,, ject no less carefully than his G:jLcahas done. HIad-ihe been religious, I imagine there woz4dn have been e-antig. some among his brother preles. to) remind the ?ijWete that his opinions on the s%cbjeaWive no sanctV AroxD, the church of which he is t1k liestfunctionI;' an&. that in the early ages of Cb_Sini"it they -would lave bem, heard with amazement. A%ict ;,l}iinformal infWnce hPa. gadthe effect of placingtla.sgy. x a most invipigusqpsL. tion, without giving them,tbr,c4portunity of. ptestiAg. against it, except by conant bihj, although rce,uran4o by the authority of Lrt9r,,A*eling of delly towdsU their chief prevents thew.Awuopting. I axa 8ir. aeur obedient marvant- AN INMIO N OF THB PpqTMCE,OF': N-TERBUyi - Mby 19.
FOREIGN INTELJLIGENCE. FRANCE. (MON OUR OWN. CORRESPONDI-T.) tAportlon of the foUowig pPeared In our scood editon -fr P . PARIS, MONDAY, 3LIV 19, 6 P.. Prine Oicar of Sweden has arrived in Paris. He sijut passed along the Boulevards from the Northern Railroad in an open carriage, accompanied by his Aides-de-Camp and those of the Eniperor, and by some of the civil and military authorities, and escorted by a squadron of Cuirassiers. The Prince, who was in uniform, was received at the terminus v,ith a71 the honours due to his rank. He proceeds this evening to St. Cloud. To-morron- evening the theatrical company of the Palais Royal perfonns for the entertainrient of the Court. The piece is one that has had much success, and is entitled "Si jcmaisje te pince" The actors willhave thehonour, if not of a parterre des Bois, at least of a pae rterre des -Plinces. The Abb6 Coquereau has been summoned to Boideaux, it is believed to await the arrival of the Legate who is to hold the Imperial Prince at the font. The Abb6 is the same who accompanied the Prince de Joinville to St. Helena to bring lhome the remains of Napoleon I. Thie Mfoitih. r de la l7otte says "The steam corvette, Reine Hortense, to the coni. msuad of whicl Captain do ls Ronci6re le Noury has just been appointed, hls been placed at the orders of Prince Napoleon, for hiis voyage of scientific exploration in the North Sea, which will extend as fiar as Spitzbergen. The Reine Hortense is to receive the Prince on board at Cherbour,,." Friday, the 16th inst., was the Feast of St. Honore, the patronsaint of the bakers. The Syndics of the craft duly celebrated the anniversary. The occasion was the more interesting as the frequent and heavy rains we have had for some time past, and the inundations which have taken place in various departirents, began to alarm people on a niatter of such vital irnportance as the harvest. A short communication was read to the meeting by a scieutific gentleman, who is admitted to have on that particular subject great experience, and wvhose judgnielit is consequently much relied on. The foUowing is the substance of that communication - "After the very favourable autumn and winter seasons, and even the promise of spring, as affecting the crops, the kind of anxiety which usually precedes iuneasiness appears to be very general in consequence of the late heavy rains. it callnot be denied that it is miuch to be regretted, though it is of rare occurrence, to see such rivers as the Gers, the Garonne, the Lot, the Tarn, the Adour, and the Nive overflow their banks nearly at one and the same time, and to find that at Agen there have been 7 metres of water, in the Loire 4 metres 58 centimetres, in the Saone 5 metres 30 centimetres, and in the Seine itself over 4 metres 70 centimetres. It is certain that the inundations, especially in -the south and in Spain, coming after the frst melting of the snow, show that the soil is completely saturated with water, and consequently that the vegetation is exposed to be affected in the saccharine, glutinous, and resinous elements, on which the quality and the taste of the plant depend, and to be overcharged with watery matter and with tasteless particles. Yet the operation of a dry winter, the fulness of the leaf, and its primitive verdure denoted aa increase and a vegetant mass which are the ordinary results of the abundance and richness of the sap fortified by manure. That precociousness was no doubt susceptible of modification0; but the quality of the plant is never known to a certainty until the heat of summer matures the nutritive particles, which in the present case may turn out favourable, notwithstanding the inclement weather. In l8l8, whichvwas a year of plenty,there wereinthe Seine on the 15th of lay 2 metres 9 centimetres of water, and in 1824, on the 26th of the same month, there wvere 3 metres 10 centimetre. In May, 1r 87, there were 18 days of rain; in 1816, in the same month, 18 days; in 1820, ditto, 17; in LS30, 1,; in 1837, 15; while in 1808 there were 8 days; in 1812, 7 days; and 1833, 5 days only. Now, it is a fact that the most favourable years were those which had an average May temperature of 14. days' moisture, so that the old French proverb, 'Frais Mlai chalid Jnidl,' still holds good. The conclusion founded on a long series of facts is, tlat the excess of moisture in May, however it Le a cause of regret, and even of disquietuide, may be neutr.alized by the first wvarm beams of the sun, toogether with dry and sustained wind, which soonI destroys the effects of the humidity; while an excessive heat alone coming on suddenly would be rather injurious than otherwvise, as the moisture woould be rapidly absorbed, and would daily return in rain. On the whole, there is reason to hope that if the southern parts of France, w;hich only supply 19 per cent. of the whole cereal produce, be less abundant in quantity, the northern districts, which give 60 per cent., will not yield this time the reduced quantity of last year." Th'lis note was made UD to last Thursday, and since then we have had and still have one of the fsvourable conditions required, viz., high and sustained winds, which are graduaUy disconnected from rain. Yesterday some rain, though not much, fell, and to-day up to the present hour none at all. The state of commercial affairs in Pails has not improved since last week. The cold and rainy weather, so unuslual at this season, completely paralyzed the sale of spring articles of dress, and created dullness in every branch of trade. The manufacturers, however, have received additional orders from the inIerior and foreign countries, and are busily at work. The continuance of rain and the inundations, which have converted the valleys of the Loire, Saone, Allier, and other rivers of the centre and south into immense lakes, have exercised an unfavourable influence on the corn markets, although the meadows alone have suffered from the floeds. The first quality of flour, quoted at 112f. and 93f. at the end of the preceding week, has furthler advanced, and on Saturday last it fetched 95f. 50c. per sack of 157 kilograinmes. Some hesitation, however, was observed on the part of the purchasers, and speculation contributed more to the rise than the actual wants of consumption. Wheat iS likem-ise higher, the ordinary description selling, at 53f. and 54f. per 120 kilogrammes, and the superior quality at 56f. and 57f. The provincial markets have been influenced by the Paris prices, and risen fromn 1f. 50c. to 2f. per hectolitre. Transactions were very active at HIavre, where a quantity of Americanwheat and flour, wM,hichad hitherto found no buyers on account of their bad quality, has been disposed of since the beginning of the month. In the northern markets, particularly at Lille and Bergues, the supply of wheat was fair, but its sale diflicult. At Mllarseilles prices were exceedingly firm, although 240.000 hectolitres were daily expected from Naples. The accounts from the departments generally state that the low temperature of the last fortnight has done no injury to the grain crops, nbut that it Will considerably retard their maturity if it be not shortly succeeded by more genial weather. The price of meat has again increased in - Paris. Animal food is now actually a luxury for -the bourgeois, and the labouring classes must be deprived of it altogether if the Goverrnenit does not devise some means of keeping that indispensable -aliment within their reach. Meat has advinced 3d. a-pound since the authorities have assized it, and this measure, instead of remedying the abuses complained of by the population, has hitherto proved ruinousl for the consumer and vexatious for the butcher. The markets are as abundantly stocked with cattle as ever, the consump- tion has not very materially mcreased; and, stranOe -to say, rates remain nearly stationary in all the zarkets from which Paris doesnot draw its supplies. Vines maintain their price at Bery, and the tendeny continues upwards. The accounts of the injury inflicted by the late frosts are, however, considered to be exaggerated. Brandy stillsells at 145f. per h*ctolitre, and spirits extracted from beet at 170f. /, , Tle Three per Centg. closed to-day at 75f. 65e. foi 1W ord of the month; the Four-and-a-Hall per . a )4f. 75c.; and the New Loan at 75f. 80c. l Ieanz Railw;ay shares, 1,495f.; Great Northern, 1,170Sj Strasburg, 1,002f. SOc.; new shares, 920f.; ParisandLyons, 1,490f.;Lyonsto theMediterranean, 1720f.; Western of France, 990f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 820f. ; reat Central of France, 730f.; Lyons and Gendva, 812f. 50c.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,97R; Austrian railways, 95Sf. Co2rs Au6=IvP&-P A RI-% MaY 19.-Cash Prices.- your.iand-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years) 94f. 25c. 94ff 93f. soc.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (55 per cent. pid), 94f.; dittoCertificates (55 per cent. paid), 94f.; !iee ier Cesits, 75f. 45c. 40c.; ditto second Loan of paeit.pid75f.30c. ;skof France, 4,OOOf. ;bCir&iteFonrer, = . Ted.nths, Tlhreeper Cen,ts. 87f. .; Cent Mobi(Xer, 1,975.1,980f. I,982f. SOc. 1,975f.; DscountBank, X93f. 697f. 50c.; PiedmonteseFive per Cents., 94. 94f. SOc.; ;[Austrian Five pr Cent3., 93X.; Belgianl Four-and-a-aill per Cents., 97; Bmans, 92;- Spanih Deferred Converted Debt, 24* ditto Passives, 7A 6. Exchange on London, three mnonths, paper, 24. 9T.dc.; muoney, 23. AUSTRIA (FROM OVR OWN CORREsPONDPLNr.) VIENNA, M&AY 16. It is whispered that this Government is at a loss what course to pursue on the Italian question; but in well-informed circles it is said that Austria and France have already counselled the Papal Government to introduce such reforms into the administration as shall render a more prolonged occupation of the territories of the church unnecessary. The languago here ulsed respecting Naples deserves your attention, as it goes far to show thawt, if any reforms are to be made in that country, it must be by means of considerable pressure on the part of the Western Powvers. "The Powers," says a person who cannot but be well aware of the opinions of this Governmuenti " are at liberty to proffer their advice to each other on internal matters, but it would be an unjustifiable encroachment on the independence of a State to insist on such advice being followed. Thus England and France can advise the Kiing of Naples to rule less absolutely, but that Monarch is by no means boiund to make any changes in his system of government because it does not happen to be to the taste of some of the other European Powers." Sardinia is accused by the Austrians of desiring to aggrandize herself at the expense of her neighbours, and consequently the feeling towards her is to the full as hostile as it was in 1848 and 1849, but it appears to me that wvhat the Turin Cabinet requires is nothing more than the introduction of a more rational system of administration into the Papal States and the Duchies, and the withdrawal of the Austrian forces. As has already been said, the Austrians occupy Ferrara and Piacenza in *virtue of the treaty of 1815, and they openly declare that they will, if necessary, maintain possession of those places vi et annis. Within the last few hours the contents of two or three letters from the Legations have been communicated to me, and they are not without interest. Assassinations are of common occurrence at Ancona, and the feeling at Eologna is " as bad as can possibly be imagined." One of the writers (an Austrian) makes mention of the " loss of ground" of his countrvmen in the Legations since the conclusion of the concordat. After having stated that at the end of the revolution of 1848 and 1849 Austria had numerous partisans in the Legations, lie adds, " But her convention with such a pitiful and corrupt Government as that of Rome has estranged from her the greater part of them " Little or nothing is known to the Vienna public of the doings of the Austrian bishops. It has become evident to the principal members of the Synod that the task which they have undertaken is one of extrenie difficulty. During the first sittings the prelates were over-fond of hearing their own voices, but the Cardinal-Archbishop of Vienna and the Cardinal-Archbishop of Prague now call their reverend brethren to order whenever they remark in them an undne inclination to be desultory or discursive. As it has been remarked that whenever matters of importance have been discussed in Icno there is a terrible loss of time, committees have been formed whose duty it is to deliberate on certain given paragraphs of the concordat, and, having done so, to lay the result of their dehberations before the Synod. One committee has charge of the mixed marriage question, a second of the rights of the church in Austria, a third of the administration of the property of the church, &c. As it is m.orally certain that the conferences will last much longer than wras originally expected, it is not unlikely that the Synod will separate for a time, and reassemble when the different conmmittees have done the more important part of the work. Some time since you were informed that a semi-official correspondent of the Frankfort Post Zeituvng had stigmatized as false the news forwarded from this city relative to the difficulty which Protestants now find in obtaining permission to bury their deceased relations of the same faith in the general cemeteries. The correspondent of the Aiugsbutrg Gazette, wvho had firnished the greater part of the facts which were declared to be " printed lies," has now addressed himself directly to the Fm-ankfort Post Zedilng, and proved the correctness of his statements by mentioning the names of the persons alluded to. One of the cases is worthy of a place in your columns. M. Ernest Szontagh, a highly respectable Protestant mercer, applied to the parish priest of Eietzing, a virage close to this city, for permission to construct a vault in which to bury his deceased daughter, who, like her mother, had been baptized a Catholic. The reply received was, that he might purchase the ground and construiet a vault for the Catholic members of his family, " but that neither he nor the Evangelical members of his family could be buried in it." AThe day before yesterday Prince Metternich comjleted his 83d year, and the whole diplomatic corps called to congratulate him. MAY 17. A correcb general idea of the state of the finances of a country cannot be acquired from dry statements of facts communicated at longer or shorter intervals, and therefore a few brief remarks will now be made on the financial position of Austria. When Baron Bruck entered into office as Minister of Finances he found a sadly deteriorated ctuTency, arising principally from the enormous amount of State and Bank paper in circulation, a total want of confidence oni the part of the public, a tremendous deficit, and an impoverished treasury. The first step taken by the MHinister was to diminish the paper circutlation by means of an arrangement with the Bank. That institution consented to become responsible to the public for the obligations of the State Oll condition that a rndJe cession should be made of a part of the State domains which should be equal in value to the State notes which it was to undertake to withdraw from the circulation. The Minister of Finances had a hard battle to fight with some of his colleagues and with the Counsellors of the Ernpire, who were of opinion that it would be beneath the dignity of the empire to accept the proposal; but Baron Bruck was of opinion that it would be most undignified if Austria did not do all in her power to satisfy her creditors. The cession of the domains was made to the Bank, the State-notes disappeared, public confidence was partially restored, and gradually the premium on silver fell from 2a and 26 to 14 and 1a per cent. The next step of the indefatigable statesman was to rouse thedormant energies of the nobility and of the great financiers. lie reminded the former that the value of their remote estates would be doubled and tripled as soon as a railroad communmication was established between them and the great emporiums of the empire, and he probably excited the cupidity of the latter by hinting at the large profits which the founders of new enterprises in what may be termed a "virgin" country imust necessarily makle. The spirit of enterprise was soon thoroughly roused ! A Credit Bank was at once established by a mixed company of lnobles aud bankers, concessions for railroads have been de- manded and granted, foreign capital has found its way into the country, and since peace has been concluded there has been but a very slight difference between the nominal value of paper and hard cash. By the summary of the State balance-sheet for the year 1855, which was forwarded on the 31st of last March, you saw that, in spite of an increase in the revenue to the amount of 18,453,16fl., there was a deficit of 138,899,297fl. About 102,000,000fl. must be placed to the account of the extraordinary preparations for war, but, even if that sum be deducted, there is still a deficit of nearly 37,000,000ff. Of course the question will be how the cancer which has for so many years been gnawing at the vitals of the State is to be got Id of, and my reply to it is, by wise economy. At present it is almost impossible to impose new burdens on the people, but enormous sums night annually be saved which are expended for the maintenance of troops in foreign countries, for fortifications, ship and dock building, &c. These last remarks will probably be taken in dudgeon here, but my object in thus publicly stating where the mischief lies is to serve Austria. Ir the greatest economy is not introduced into more than one of the departments Baron Bruck will hardly be able to make both ends meet, even in the year 1857. 1 do not share the opinion that Austria is " on the point of bankruptey," but she must get into the most serious difficulties if the Finance Department is not permitted to fix the Wnaimtum of the Tx~enedituregs Cazete has a letter of the 6th from Rome which mugt not be passed over in silence, as it is evidently -from a Government source. The Papal Government has reI solved to complete the " cadres" of its regitne'nts. The strength of the army, including the political militia,or " gendarmeria,' ought to be 18,000 men, but the number actualy under aras is but 14,000. It is propo6ed to complete -the 2d foreign .(swiss) regiment by taking the best men from the German Legion, should it be disbanded by thle British Government. The Papal Government has resolved; to increase its military force, because France has spoken of withdrawing the French and Austrian troops from the territories of the Church. "Of course," continues the correspondent, " the Papal Government must have the moral certainty that it will, with its owvn forces, be able to maintain peace and order both in Rome and in the Legations; and, as that certainty cannot be acquired in less than three or four years, there cannot at present be any question of a wvithdrawal of the two corps of occupation. It does not at all surprise me that Austria is so unwilling to recaU her troops from her neiglhbour's territory. Tenaciousness is one of the most striking characteristics of her political system, and it is perhaps the quality which has made her so generally unpopular in Europe. Most Governments like to get over unpleasant matters as speedily as possible, in order that they may be forgotten, but such is not the case with Austria. Six years have elapsed since the revolution was completely suppressed, and people would almost forget that there ever had been one, did not the authorities every now and then publish the sentence of some individual who has been condemned in conturmara. England and France punish as severely as Austria, but, as they do the thing quickly, it creates less sensation. The slow saw of the operator offends the eye of the spectator more than the quick knife, but this fact is completely lost sight of in this part of the world. The news of the mutiny of the Italians at MIalta is not displeasing to the Austrians, but they are such violent enemies of insurrection, revolution, and rebellion that they will certainly not be sorry to hear that some half-dozen of the ringleaders have been sentenced to powder and ball. Telegraphic news has just now (4 o'clock) been received that the Imperial arms over tlte door of the Austrian Consul at Genoa have been pelted by the mob, and greatly exasperated are men in office, who profess to believe that the insult is "the result of Count Cavour's agitation." The directors of the Credit Bank have announced that they will pay 4 per cent. for all sums deposited by persons wvho keep a ciurrent account with them. The check-system will naturally render a large amount of capital available, as every reatier has hitherto been obliged to keep a sum of money in his strong-box sufficient to defray his current expenses for a quarter, if not for half a year. The Theiss Railroad Company is far quicker in its movements than any of the others, for the founders have not onily formed their administrative council, but elected their presidents. Count Andrassy is president, and the Ailic Counsellor Von Zsedenyi and Baron 3Maurice Von Haber are vice-presidents. The choice of the founders could not have fallen on more able men, and it wilUnot fail to increase the confidence already felt by the public. The directors of the Northern Railroad Company,' about a fortnight since, announced to the shareholders that Government had promised them the Galician Railroad ; but you may be assured thaz the -Emperor will not permit the Galician nobles to return home dissatisfied. The Papal Government has reduced the import duty on manufactures, iron, hardware, glass, &c., one-half. RUSSIA. (FnogMuO BERLnm conESPoNDENT.) BERLIN, MAY 18. The Emperor of Russia has given the whole of his fleet a new arrangement, which had become necessary in consequence of the events of the late war. The Russian papers, in speaking of the new alrrangements, say that the saving tllat will now be effected by the suppression of the expensive Black Sea fleet, in conformity with the terms of the treaty of peace, which amounts to 15,000,000 or 20,000,000, will, in all probability, be applied to the development and strengthening of the naval force in the Baltic, White Sea, and Pacific Ocean. Now that the Byzantine projeets of the Emperors of Russia are necessarily given up, at any rate for some time to come, the nation seems to turn its eyes to the extreme north. According to all accounts from the shores of the White Sea, the population there contains a hardy, courageous race of men, for the development of whose seafaring instincts hitherto little or nothing has been done, and the laud in those parts is moreover covered with the finest shipbuilding timber. The Government appears to be as fully alive to these circumstances as thepeople atlarge, andevenbefore thewarhadcommenced had empowered a naval officerto cuttimber in the wvoodson the Petschora on his owinaccount,agreeing to take their supply fiom him at fixed prices. This plan, which seems to have been impeded by the war, is now being resumed with energy. It promises a good deal for the interests of hydrog,raphly and the knowledge of the coasts of the W.hite Sea, and is another instance of the wish of the Government to commit the development of the natural treasures of the country to the assiduity of private speculation. This principle seems destined to arrive at early and extensive application in the case of railways ; the Emperor is understood to have pronounced strongly against the opposite principle maintained and observed by Count Kleinmiichel, that al railways must be built by the State: the only point that the Government seems disposed to reserve for its influence is the power of fixing the time when the lines for which concessions are about to be granted shall be completed. According to all appearances the remaining unfinished portion of the railway from St. Petersburg to Warsaw-viz., from Granitza to the latter place-will be conceded to a company, at the head of which the WN'arsaw banker Kronenberg stands. The representatives of the Prussian Railway Company of Upper Silesia do not seem to have any more chance in WVarsaw than any other foreigners. In addition to the railway projects I have lately mentioned in my letters, there is one put forward now very earnestly in the Moscow papers for continuing the Riga-Dunaborg Line up to Kursk; it is represented that thus to put the fruitful centre of Russia into rapid connexion with the western provinces and seaports will secure the inhabitants of those dis.tricts from the return of dearth, from which they frequently suiffer, animnate Russia's foreign commerce, and invigorate ag,riculture. It would bring up the salt very cheaply from the Crimea and Bessarabia; and tallow, that now costs 4 roubles in Riga, would then only cost 2 'roubles 80 copecs. A Lieutenant-Colonel of Engineers named Martschenko, who pleads warmly for this plan, estimates the cost of its execution at 36,000,000 silver roubles, or 45,000 per verst. Two otlier lines propoEed appear to be of minor importance, from Odessa to E(rementschug, and from Theodosia (in the Crimnea) to Moscow; for this latter a simple rail or tramroad for horse draught is proposed, the thinness of the population not holding out any expectation of a passenger traffic that would repay the use of locomotives. The departure of the Emperor for WVarsaw was fixed for the 16th instant, but it wouAld be very -premature to conclude that it has therefore necessarily taken place. The police authorities in Warsaw have set to work vigorously to put the best appearance on the town; the proprietors of houses have all been required to whitewash and repair their dwellings; all the dark alleys and filthy corners of the town,which have been neglected for years, are now being swept out and ventilated, and no preparation neglected to confer on the place a festal appearance. The main streets, through which the Imperial procession will,taw, are to be decoratedl with the flags of the kingdom and of the empire. Balls and redoutes, and public entertainments, are arranged to succeed each other in unbroken order, and the Polish nobility, who. flatter themselves they can arrange these things as well a; they are done in France, are lavish in their expendi- ttre for the approaching auspicious occasion. According to the latest advices from St. Petersburg, the coronation is now fiLxed for August 24th (September 5th). The communication between St. Petersburg and Cronstadt by steamboat is not yet reopened; rowboats, however,'ply already between Oranienibaumn and the fortress. The ice has commtenced shifting on Lake Ladoga, and the effects of it commenced showing themselves in St. Petersburg on the 10th; the ice on the upper portion of the Wolga had commenced m6ving as far back as April 2lt. The flatness of trade still continues in St. Petersburg; the demand for Russian goods for export is small, that for imported goods still smaller. The holdes of tallow are unwilling to sell- at the present Irices, and the same- appears to be the case with and flax. An ukase of the late Emperor Nicholas, issued in 1850, requiring the Jews in the Western Governments of the empire to doff the long-skirted garments that stil remind one of their Oriental origi, and wear coats of western brevity, in no case reaching lower than the knees, is now being carried out with all vigour and severity in Wilna, Kowno, Grodno, and Minsk. Another portion of the same ukase requires Jewesses to wear their own hair, and discontinue the use of artificial topknots. Both sexes of the Israelites are, therefore, just now full of mourning and indignation-the latter at the restrictions put upon themselves, and the former at finding the mild disposition of the present Emperor does not go to the extent of reversing all the legislation of his predecessor. The personnd7e of the office whence passports are issued has had to be increased in consequence of the numerous applications, which appear to exhibit no disposition to diminish ; a recent letter mentioned that the day before there had been nio less than 162 applications made; among them were the Priucess Barbara Dolgorukoff, family, and attendants; the Princess Repuin and her nieces; the Princesses Gagarin; General Bibikoff, formerly Minister of the Interior; and a great number of other military officers, who have retired from service, propose to recreate themselves abroad. SARDINIA. (rM01 OUR OWN CoRrMro1;DFT.) TURIN, uvy 16. The effects of the debates on the Treaty of Peace in both the English and Sardinian Parliaments are beginning to manifest themselves, not only in the Italian Peninsula, but elsewhere. It has already been recorded how the Sicilian and Neapolitan Cmigr&s resident in Piedmont addressed to Count Cavour a letter of thanks for his exertions in their countrys behalf, and yesterday an address to the same effect was presented to the late Plenipotentiary from some of the most respectable and influential men in Rome. The latter contains expressions similar to the first of gratitude to Count Cavour for his manly support of their interests, praises his statesmanlike foresight, and declares the intention of those who send it to have a medal struck which may serve as a memorial of his labours to future ages, but beg him to pardon their sending it anonymously, as he must be well aware that in the present state of their country they dare not make their names public. Although the names are, therefore, not published, they are of course almost all pretty well known to the Roman emigrants here, and I am assured that in this instance, as in that of the Sicilians, a large proportion of them belong to men who formerly held very decided republican opinions, and who were consequently strongly inimical to Sardinia, as the type of constitutional monarchy. The whole of the debates on the treaty in the Sardinian Chambers have been collected and published inthe form of a pamphlet, and in that shape have obtained a great circulation in other parts of Italy where Piedmontese newspapers are strictly prohibited, and, it is said, have produced much sensation. Hlere, then, is evidence of a great moral gain for the cause of monarchy, and a guarantee against the spread of revolutionary doctrines, if Sardinia is only sufficiently supported by her allies to secure those reforms which she has pointed out as indispensable. It will, no doubt, give great satisfaction to those statesmen who deprecate the excesses of the press to learn that the Sardinian Government has, in its zeal for the cause of order, thought proper to sequestrate a journal for describing the fetes of Sunday last in what it considered a disrespectful manner. The journalin question was the Church paper, the Arounia, which of course has nothing to say im praise of the Constitution or anything connected with it, and in its description of the procession on Sunday morning it said tllat " the fags, the military, the Deputies, the emblems, and the protectors of liberty were all dirt (fango)," and, as it really was a wet morning and the streets were muddy from that and previous days of rain, the phrase was evidently susceptible of a double interpretation. The Government, however, seems to have attached the worst meaning to the expression, and the consequence was a summary sequestration of the whole edition containing the objectionable article. Then the students of the University, feeling a very natural indignation at what they considered highly improper language towards themselves and other respectable classes of society, sent a deputation to the office of the Armonia to demand the insertion of a protest on their part, and a retractation on the part of the paper. To this the Directors replied yesterday by publishing their protest, with an assurance that the Direction of the paper had no intention of offending the students, for whom they professed the highest esteem, and to-day they say, that being called on to retract, in deference to the institutions of the country, they are prepared to state that on Sunday last the weather was delightfully fine, that the suii shone upon the assembled groups in the Piazza Vittorio Enimanuele in all its splendour, and that, therefore, there could not have been any dirt ! The ex-Queen of the French, accompanied by the Duke and Duchess de Nemours and other members of the Orleans family, have passed through Tarin, en roth e for England, by way of Switzerland and the Rhine. General Count Stackelberg left this yesterday on his return to Russia. He is said to have been much gratified at his reception here, and to have been very unreserved in his strictures on the Austrian Government. It is difficult to ascertain whether this may be the natural or merely offial tone of Russians at this moment; but officers from the Crimea report that the same was invariably the way in which all Russian officers whom they met spoke of Austria and the Austrian army-that is to say, in terms of the utmost contempt. The office of Envoy Extraordinary to St. Petersburg, to attend the coronation of the Czar, will be offered, I believe, to the Marquis Alfieri, the President of the Senate, a most eligible person in every way for such a post, but it is feared that he may not be inclined to accept it. STATE OF NTAPLES. (FROM Oux OWN CORR9SrONnN.) NAPLES, 1vY 15. I lately called your attention to the state of the political prisoners in Naples, and the following facts will, I am sure, be sufficient to save me from the charge of tediousness. :I spoke of the health of the prisoners and of how much it was affected by the dampness of the prisons. To give you one case only :-Poerio is reduced to such a state of weakness that he can scarcely -walk; the damp has penetrated into all his joints, and yet in this state he is compelled to-wear his chain. There are many in Naples even who deny the fact of his being so encumbered. I assert, therefore, as beyond the possibility of contradiction, that Poerio, sick, broken -down by pain and misfortune, is loaded with a chain, and that the only relief he has is in trans' ferring it from, his waist to his shoulders when th painLs in his back no longer eermit him so to carry 1 it, and thence ag,ain to his waist whien his chest gfives way. What is true of Poerio is equallfy true or his fellow-prisoners. Leaving the prison you maypos0 sibly meetwith the broken-hearted wife of one of them who is in a state bordering upon starvatioul When her husband was arrested he had claims -tipon' Governmelttotheainountof 12,000ducats. Thesehad been cancelled by his condemnation. The husbian is in ehains in such a prison as- I have described; ihe wife saved from starvation by the charity of friends. MIeantime in Naples nothing has been done to impro,ve' this state of things. A-tstria has not, I believe, as 'yet made any represeniations -to, this Government, and the' universal limpression is that- nothing will be done b- -the motm propirpo of the King. His majestyawiassert his indepeniden,ce, and wil talk of his inl- alienable rights ti5 ipoverish, corrupt, and brutifya whole. nation.'Al thiswil he d,so' long as Austria-rules in Italy. Tineaftei time have-representatinis-been made t-o this Governument, and, to his honour be itsaid, bynonemore strongly thanby Lord Malhnesiujry'- * yetitli6uVelibciting any answer or change. And now, after theEturopean notoriety, whichtheafairs SifNapIesTi7se .egained,Poerioand his fellow-prisoners are still in chains. His Majesy feels strong in the support of Austria. The people generally are ~mo,rs hope,ful-now that th,eyhavereadand pondered over the. -Protocolsj for- t,ey,feel persuaded that 'the '.Italian -question eannot--- be permitted to sleep after so prominent - a notice.' A circular ba been-sent to-the Royal Judges and othcr,functionaries of'the p'olice ordering-exact statements to'be sent in as to-the publi, feeling with regard-to the peuce, and directing that every expectationr of change should be discouiaged. In fact,. the only change that bas been made is in the colour of the hat-white and black s.wide. awakes" being permitted, while chesxut-coloured ones are prohibited.
MA2NCHESTER ART EXHIBITION, 18T7. I Yesterdayafteroon a meeting of gentlemen whose names apear in a list of subscribers to a guarantee fund for an exhibition of the art treasures of the united kingdom, propo-ed to be held in Manchester in 1857, took place in the Mayor'sparlour at the Manchester Town-halL Mr. James E Watts, the Mayor, presided; and among those present were Mlr. Heelis, Mayor of Salford ;. Mr. B. '. Phflflps, High Sheriff of Lancashiro; SirElk-anah Armitage, anu Messrs. Thomas Barley, W. Rayner Wood, Edmund. Potter, Henry Houldsworth, W. R. CaUlender, 0. HIeywood, W. Fairbairn, J. C. lIarter, J. E. Taylor, Joseph WVhitworth, Bent jamnuNichofls, W. Entwisle, kc. The MAYaont briezdy opened the proceedings, expressin his pleasure at the very numerous attendance on this occasion, Mr. HERON, the Town Clerk. rend the minute of a preliminary iueeting held on the 28th of March, and very n- merously attended. At that meeting a lengthened conversation took place with reference to the probability of the art treasures which it was desired to exhibit being obtainable for the purpose; and, also, as to the probable cost of the nlecessary building and the returns that might he anti. pated. lessrs. iionldsworth, Fairbairn, and Oliver Heywood, w;hile fully concurring in the advantages of the scheme unsder discssion, were apprehensive that it would seriously interfere with the success of an exhibitionr of works of art which had been in contemplation for sewne months past, to inaugurate the opening of the nev building of the Manchester Mechanics'Institution-of course on a small scale; and from which it was*confidentlyexpected that I5,0001.wouldbe realized towardstheliquidation ofthe debtoon that institution. It was ultimately moved byMr. Marter, seconded by Mr. Houldsworth, and unanimously resolved, that it was desirable, if practicable, to carry out the proposal for an exhibition of the art treasures of the united kingdom in 1857; and that, in case the directors of the mechanics' institution determined to foregotheirproposed exhibition, their claim to participate in the surplusfund arising from the nrt exhibition should be distinctly zeogzd. . T. FAIBAIRmN then read a report of the steps taken since the preliminary meeting. It stated that appications had been made for subscriptions to the requisite guarantee fund, with the understanding that, when fuUly in possession of information as to'the extent of patronagc that might be expected from Her MIajesty the Queen and Prince Albert, and as to the probable cost of the necessarybuilding, thcesub; scribers should decide whetherthe proposal should be carried out; and,further,thattheyshould, bytheselectionof the executive comnuittee, have thebest security that the estimate of of expenditure should not be exceded. The satisfactory result of these applications was, that the list of subseribers to the guarantee fund contained the names of 32 gentlemen for 1,0001. each, and 60 gentlemen for 5001. each, making the total sum guaranteed 62,0001. In order to ascertain how far the patronage and support of the Queen and Prince Albert might be counted upon, application was made by the Mayor to Colonel Phipps for an interview with Prince Albert, in order that the proposit on might be submitted to his Royal Highness. That interview was granted on the 7th of May, an4 the Mayor, Mr. R. N. Phillips, Sir John Potter, Mr. Bazley, the Mayor of Salford, the Town Clerk, and Mr. Thomas Fairbairn attended on that day at BuckinghamI Palace, and laid the proposals before the Prince, stating that 60,0001. was guaranteed, and that it was only necessary to obtain the same patronage a had been extended to the Exbibition at Dnblin to insure at Manchester the most complete success. His IRoyal Highness expressed an opinion that it was matter of regret that the previous exhibitions had not resulted in any permanent benefit to the districts in which they had been held; and the deputation assured his Rtoyal Highness that the sentiments he expressed. were sincerely entertained. by many of the gentlemen who were interested in the present scheme, who had strong hopes that, if the proposed exhibition was fmancially successful, there might be secured as the permanent zesult a capacious museum of worLs of art and ,ndustry withia and for the city of Manchester. At the close of the interview, the Prince expressed his readinmess to do all in his power for the success of the proposed exhibition; and a note had since been received from Colonel Phipps, stating that he was commnanded by Her Majesty to state that the Queen willngly granted her patronage to the scheme. Mrz. Thomas Fairbairn had made inquiries of contractors supposed to be well informed as to the practicability of erecting the necessary building for 25,000l. in six months; and suggestions and estimates had beenforwarded by Messrs. Fox and Henderson and Messrs. Younge and Co., of London and Lieith. Tlhese plans were not to interfere with the judgment of the committee, who would have finallyto determine the question, but would show that the first estimates were amply sufficient. Mr. Worthington further stated that a bend Jldc estimate had come down from Messrs. Younge and Co. to erect a fire-proof building, capable of extension, and of htolding 20,00J0 persons at one time, for a fixed sum of 22,5001. ; andhe oelievedthe estimate given at the former mecting of the incidental expenses of management was q uite ampl e. It W3as believed th at the tots] espen diture ef 40,0001. need not, under any circumstances, be exceeded. The difficulty felt atfirstinreferenceto themechanics' institution had been removed by the directors of that institutionharing decided to hold their own exhibition in September, notwithstanding the proposed art exhibition ; and it was hoped that the smaller exahibition would.be as successful as the promoters could desire. Mr. T. BAZLEY moved the first resolution- "Thlat this meeting of subscribers to the guarantee fund, being satisfied by the statement now submitted of the practicability of securing an exhibition of art treasures in Manchester in 185, and Her Most Gracious Majesty and his oyal Highness Prince Albocrt having been pleased to extend to such exhibition their Royal patronage and support, hereby determine that an exhibition to be entitled ' An Exhibition of the Art Treasures of the United Kingdoin,' shall be held in Manchester in 1857." M-. H. HouaDswvonTr seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. Resolutions were also agreedto constitutingthe subscribers to the guarantee fund a general council, with the Earl of Ellesmere as president; and requesting the following noblemen to give their patronage :-The Earls of Derby, Stamford, Sefton, EUesmere, Wilton, lDucie, Burlington, Balcarres, and the Bishop of Manchester. An execntive committee of seven gentlemen-the M1ayor, Messrs. T. Ashton, Entwisle, T. Fairbaim, Heron, E. Potter, and S. Sterne-was appointed, and the meeting terminated.
THE SATUBDAY HALF-HOLYDAY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Perhaps you will be so good as to allowv me a place in your columns for the purpose of making a short reply to a "London Incumbent" and others, who insist thatnmy energies would be well employed and my sincerity more readily believed, were I to commence a movement for the payment of wages on Friday night, and a general halfholyday for the Saturday in every week. The movement for both these objects was set on foot some years agoby that admirable body, the Early Closing Association, and was renewed on the 24th of April last at a great meeting in Exeter-hall, of which I had the honour to be the chairman. M1any firms, in various places of England and Scotland, had anticipated this meeting, and had for some time given a half-holyday-and with the happiest effects-to their workpeople, clerks, and other functionaries. M1any have concurred with the resolutions, and have, subsequently, made similar arrangements. We doubt not that, with the aid of yourself, and the press generally, we shall soon obtain an almost -tmiversal recognition and observance of a day for secular repose and recreation. It is necessary to state that we do not contemplate the interference of the Legislature in this matter. The arrangement, if effected at all, must be effected by private agree- ment. It would be impossible, and indoed undesirable, to. attempt such an end by force of law. Now, Saturday is by far the best day for the proposed relaxation. It has been from time immemorial a7half-holyday at all schools, the Houses of Farlianient, and other institutions; it is the dayselected by nearly all the firms and establishments that have accorded this boon to their people - and it has, moreover, been recently granted to the writers, clerks, and officials connected with the courts of law and justice. The half-holvday on Saturday, added to the following Sunday, would aLlow farmore time for persons to see their friends at any distance from London; and it is much to be feared that, if Saturday were reduced to the condition of an ordinary working day, the labour of the artisan might be carried on to late hours, and his exhaustion on the Sunday both of mind and body be thus much greater than it is at present. At any rate the day should be uniform. It would enable railway companies and similar bodies to enter into agreements which would much reduce the cost of travelling to the working man. You have written so often and so well on tho question of reducing the number of the hours of labour that I cannot doubt your full support and co-operation. I am sure that in these days of unprecedented physical and mental excitement the periodical relaxation we seek is indispensable to all classes. I am. Sir. vour obe2ient humble servant. SHAFTESBURY. I: ay 20.
*LoAw SocIEns.-A Parliamentary paper shows that the amount actually advanced and paid by depositors or shareholders in England and Wales last year was 220,337L.; the sunms in borrowers' hands at the close of the year, 328,471l.; the amount circulated in 18, 628,3451.; the number of applications for loans, 148,084; the number of borrowers to whom loans were granted, 12M,07.; the amount paid for forms of application and inquiry (in 1855), |9,734.; the amount paid for interest by borrowers or isreties, 26,32T1.; the gross profits, 37,65SI.; the expenses of management, 14,471L;. the interest paid to depositors or "shareholdexs, 17,8G31.; the net profits, after deducting, interest- paid to depositors and the expenses of manae. i nent, 5,9M .; the number of summons issued, 10,046, the number of distress warrants, .615; the amount sued for, 18,4601.; and the amount recovered, U,90GI. ; the tost in. ,curred by societies, 2,0541L; and the atnctuit of costs )4id by borrowers or sureties, 1,3171.
MONEY-AARKWgTandj CITY137TELLGMUL Tuesday Evening. The financial statement of the Chancellor-of the Exchequer last evening confirmed the previous tendency to confidene in the stockma,iet and Consols opened thies morning with an appearance of great buoyancy -at an -mprovement of nearly a quarter per cent. on the advanced prices of yesterday. A further rise afterwards took plam, but a succession of sales in realization of profits then caused a decline, and the final quotations were a fraction below those of last evening. The- first transactions for money were at 99j to J, whence they went to 9S From this they aecline to, 9 to X for money and 94 to i for the 4th of June. The scrip of the new loanl touched 21 prexniuin, ,.it a considerable amount was sold at 2, and the 3i^t price was 1jI to J. Bank'Stock left off at 213Fto 215; Reduced, 921 to 93; New Three per Ce;ni 9t3 to J; Annuities, 30 years, l7j; India St-cL 229 to 231; India-bonds, 9s. to 4s. discount; Exchequer-bonds (March), 4 discount to par; (June), 6s. to 2s. discount. lIoney was in demand ln the Stock-Exchange during the morning, but the repayment by MIessrs. Rothschild of the surplus deposits on the loan sub. sequently created ease. lreforeicn market*wasgenerally steady. Buenos Ayres maintained its improvement, the transactions being at 77 for money, and 79, 76, and 78 for the account. Turldsh Six per Cents. were quoted 99D 98i, 99L, and 987 ; the Guaranteed Four per Cents., 103, 102X. The other transactions comprised- Brazilian (Small), 99; Danish Three per Cents', 83X; Ecuador, 5*; Granada Deferred, 7T, X; Mexican, 23j for money, and 23*, ; for the account ; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 951; Sardinianl, 94, 93z; Spanish, 45* for money, and -45k for the account; the Deferred, 25k for money, and 25*, 25, 2.5k, i- for the account; and Veniezulela, 30. The quotatiot of gold at Pais is about 5 per mille premium (according to the lat tariff), which. at the English ?int price of 3~ 1s. 10d per Ounce for standard gold, gives an exchange of 25.29* ; and, th&e exchange at Paris on London at shoib being i2a.40, it follows that gold is about 0.41 per ceit. dearer in London than in Paris. By advices from Eamburg the price of gold is 426* per- mark, which, at the Engbfih Mint price of 31. f7s. 10jd. per ounce for standard gold, gives an exchange of 13.5* ;and, the exchange at Ilamnbur on London at short being 13.6k5, it follows that gold is 0.47 per cent. dearer in LJondon than in Hamburg. The course of exchange at New York on London for bills at 60 days' sight is 110 per cent., and, the par of exchange between England and America being 109 23-40 per cent., it follows thit the exchange is nominally 0.42 per cent. in favour of England; and, after making allowance for charges of transport and difference of interest, -the present rate leaves a small profit on the importation of gold from the United States. - In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rafe upon Hamburg was a shade lower, but Paris anc Amsterdam were slightly firmer. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evenin were 75f. 20c. for money and 7cf 60c. for the end of the month, showing a reaction of an eighth. A further sum of about 80,0001. in gold is understood to have been sold to the Bank to-day. The Sultana has arrived from MIelbourne with 13,026 ounces of. gold, valued at 52,1011. She sailed on the 15th of February, and her dates have been anticipated by the Ocean Chief. A statement was given on Mlonday of the amount of stamp duties paid during the past year by each of the London fire insurance offices, arranged in the order of their respective amounts. Subjoined is a similar table -with regard to country offices '- DUTY PAID 3r THE n CX COUNTRY EIx ISlP-uNCc OrrCc DnUnIG THE YEAR 1855. Of the value of the fanming stock insured at (ach of the country offices, and which is exempt from duty, the following are the totals:- VALUE OF FAIaoNG STOCK (EXEMPT Frxom DUTYry) IsSURED BY COV2NTRY OFFICES. The totals of the entire returns thus furnished show that the duty paid by London offices during the year 1S55 was 860,3861., beiug an increase of only 8,9037. on the previous year, vhile by country offices it was 346,3971., being an increase of 10,11T1., the business of the latter continuing to eihibit relatively the greatest augmentation. The value of the farming stock insured, and whieh is exempt frona duty, was 37,951,8281. in London, and 24,334,1487. in country offices, showing an increase of 1,925,9191. in the former offices, and of 1,457,7001. in thelatter. With respect to Scotch and Irish insurances, the following is the return both of the duty paid and the sums insured on farming stock exempt fionx dut-:-: Subjoined are the aggreg3te hgures:- Ax ACCOu.N-T OF THE GPOSS LAmovNT OF RECETs FOJt INSURANEcR DUTY al THE YEArS 1850, 1851, 1852, 1853, 1854, 1855. The 'weelyv reviews from the Amsterdam and Rotterdam produce-markets state, that, although operations had been limited, prices continued to be vell supported. The principal transactions were confined to sugar, coffee, and indigo. The letters from Rouen mention that the market for mranufactures was maintained with finrnness. Although the various clauses of the new Fira Insurance Bill vwere agreed to in comnmittee last evening, not a word transpired to alter the view already formed by the public on the character of the measure. The Chancellor of the Exchequer himself admitted that he does not attach any particular value to the clause declaring all persons liable to duty who may effect insurances in foreign companies, since there is a total absence of any means to enforce it, while, as regards the injurious nature iu a commercial country of a tam that discourages habits of prudence, there 'was apparently no difference of opinion. Several members intimated a conviction that, in defiance of the bill, English fre insurance policies wMill be largely opened on the continent, but the Chancellor of the Exchequer thinks that if the statute-book declares people liablehewill be entitledto denounceall as dishonest who fail voluntarily to attend with the required contribution. In this way the risk -is run of bringing large classes into disrepnte.., A tax is contrived to tempt evasion, not only-by its amount, but by the impracticability of- collecting it, and then it is thought expedient ito damagefurther the self-respect of those who have been thus influenced, and to render theni still less sensitive on other lnatters. Enough hs5 abrezdy been done inwthis way by the income-tax, although in that case some tangible means of eollection are available, anditispainfulto see the system extend6. Indeed, the Government seemed to be aware o -the inherent wealness of their position, and to pzefer returning to the old plea that the present inoment is not one for the surrender of a revenue of 1,300,0001. It is not, however, a question of surrender, but 'whether, by the present samiftloe
TRADE REPORT. Tuesday Evening. SGAIt.-About two-thirds of the 23,570 bags put up at auction to-day found buyers. Thernarket is less lively, and, with the exception of native Madras, which is rather cheaper, there is scarcely any variation in price since Friday. 11,09S bags Mauritius-low to fine brown, 36s. 6d. to 42s.; gray, 39s. to 40s. 6d.; low yellow, 42s. to 42s. 6d. ; good and fine yellow, 43s. to 45s.; crystallized, 45s. to 46s. 6d., duty 15s.; fine, 4Ss. 6d. to 49s., duty 17s. 6d. 931 bags Cossipore, low- to good yellow, 44s. to 46s.; 4,291 bags native Madras, 35s. 6d. to 39s.; 3,263 bags grainy Madras, good and fine yellow, 43s. to 45s. G& d.; hogs. heads West India disposed of. Privately a cargo of Eavan. nah of about 2,000 boxes is reported to have been sold a'loat at the close of last week at 29s. 6d. per cwt. COrET-430 casks 860 barrels and bags of plantation Cgeylon were only partly disposed of at previous pricesvi, 5s. 6d. to 63s. 6d. for fine fine ordinary grayish mixed to middling coloury. The naark-et opens with less animation than last week. RICE.-Of 5,220 bags of Madras offered, nearly half sold at 7s. 6d. to Ss. for low middling heated. Privately about 500 tons of yellow Bengal rice have changed hands at Ts. Gd. to Ts. 9d. per cwt. Nisuco (si:xth day).-The sales to-day are without altera. tien; desirable medium qualities in good marks are perhaps little firmer, hut good and fine sorts sell from 4d. to Gd decline on February. Kurpah Madras has sold from 3d. to fd. discount, and dryleaf Madras has been mostly bought in or withdrawn, the few sold being from 4d. to 6d. lower. Of 1,435 chests 546 chests are reported sold, 544 chests withdrawn, and 345 chests bought in. The sale will ter. minate to-morrow, 11,000 chests only remaining to be passed. SrAPaTma-NLo demand. Prices nominal, at from 3Is. to 34s. per cwt. CUTCILs-565 bags of mixed ordinary Pegiue were bought in at previous prices, 39s. per cwt. for sound, and 36s. to &Ss. for damaged. IACDmE.-260 chests were bought in-(D T) at 2s. 2d. - (R N C), 2s. Id.; (Mirzapore L D V), Sd. to SAd.; common, 2d. to 5d. per lb. T.m.tow.-In consequence of the arrivals the tallow-market is rather easier, 46s. being accepted on the spot, and 40s. 6d. for the last three months. IXAET. A\D HXDES.-The supply of fresh leather at Ieadenhall to-day was moderate, and a fair trade has been done in most descriptions of goods. Crops of all averages sold readily at late rates; also light butts, kips, and skins, which are much wanted; but heavy butts and dressing hides remain quiet. The transactions throughout last week were unprecedentedly large for the season of the year. Market hides met a languid demand, and prices are a shade lower.
STATE OF TRADE. MANCHESTER, M,LY 20. In the general markset there has not been much business, buyers manifesting but little disposition to give the prices as'sed. In this they have received some little encouragement from the drooping state of the cotton-market. In shirtngs and mnadapollams for India there has been more done, because the makers of these cloths are comning out of contract pretty generally, and, being unwilling to hold stocks, they have showvn more or less wzillingness to make some concession in price. In some cases a reduction of 1ld. to 3d. per piece has bceen allowed, and a more general concession to this extent would probably have led to large sales for India and China. There is a pretty g>eneral feeling that no greater cause exists for this reduction in prices than there did a month ago; hut the fact is, that at that time manufacturers had prettygenerally]arge orders on hand, v;hile nowz those orders are mostly completed, and the production, especially of India and China shirtirngs, is on a large scale. There is a great feeling against the accumulation of stocks. In yarns there has been a dull market, the demand both for home consumption and expert being small, and spinners wishing to force sales have had to submit to a reduction of Atd. per lb. on the prices of last Tuesday. MWessrs. John Slagg and Co. report .-" The market for goods, owing principally to the holydays, was exceedingly quiet throughout the past week. Yesterday and to-day, in consequlence of the drooping state of the cotton-market, there Is again little disposition to buy, and we have to report a very dull market, with groat irregul2arity in prices, the general bias of which is against the producer." Mlessrs. George Fraser, Son, and Co. report " There is no Improvement in our market to-day; the demand is inactive, and prices showv increased w eakness." LEEDS, lLtY 20. The attendan,ce in the cloth-halls this morning-has not bceen very great, and business has not been very brisk; hut the tone of the market has been firm, and tolerablycheerful. The Chancellor of the Excchequer's budget has not called fort mnuch remark, nor produced any tangible effect on the market. t7pon the w hole, it has given satisfaction, as fewv persons have been unreasonable enough to excpect any great reduction from the p resent taxation. There have been some tolerably good parcels of heavy cloths for autumn and winter consumphion sold, and altegether, with very firm prices, the market nhas been as satisactory as could be expected.
I DRAILWAY AND MINING SHABES. Tuesday Evenig. In the share-market the improvement of yesteiray was fairly maintained, and there were no important fluctuations. The French lines showea a slight reaction. In Australian land and bank ishares there was an absence of activity, and the minining descriptions were also quiet. The various new undertakings were generally steady. Riga Railway closed 1I to i pm.; Pernambuco, 1I to - pm.; LombardoVenetian, 6q to A~ pm. ; Bank of Switzerland, 1 to j Lpm.; Ottoman Sank, 1 to t pm. ; Bank of Egypt, - to A pm.; National Discount, i~ to I discount; London and Paris, 3 to 2 discount; Alliance, 2 to 1discount; and WYestern of London, 5 to 4 discount.
RAILWAY INTELLIGENCE. LONDON, TIMURY. AND SOUTHrn). A special meeting of this company was held yesterday at the London Tavern to consider a bill now before Parliament in compliance with the standing orders of the House of lords, Malr. J. N. Daniell in the chair. The SoiucrroR read the heads of the bill. It authorized the company to raise 150,0001. on shares and 50,0001. on loan, for the purpose of enabling them to construct an extension line from the Blackwall Railwayat Bow. to the Til. bury and Southend Railway at Barking, with two branches to the North Woolwich Railway. The length of the extension line would be 4i miles. The lessees were to pay 6 per cent, interest on the amount of share capital paid up, and also the interest of any sum or sums that might be borrowed on mort'a"e. In reply0to questions it was stated that the extension line must be completed by a certain period in order to prevent the dividends being stopped, b:t that was not likely to occur, as the directors, who held a large stake in the concern, would take care to have the works completed in proper time. Although there was no mention in the biU respecting surplus profits, they would be provided for in the lease of the extension line, which would be on the same terms as the existing lease. The CsLunxiis, in moving the adoption of the bill, explained the object of the extension line, which was to avoid the delays tht frequently occurred at Stratford in conveying the traffic over a portion of the Eastern Counties line. The proposed extension lne, when completed, would tend very much to faciitate the *Sraveseud and other traffic in that direction, and also accommodate a large amount of local traffic betwreen Bow and Barking. They would also have traffic fromn Woodford and Loughton, and the extension would enable them to secure the traffic fromthe Victoria Docks to London, which now found its way by water. There could be no doubt that the extension line would be of great advantage to the Tilbury and Southend Railway, in facilitating the traffic between that and the Blackwail Railway. The new line and works would be constructed by the lessees, Messrs. Peto, Betts, and Brassey,who had up to the present time carried out their arrangements with the company. A formal resolution approving the bill, subject to such alterations or modifications as Parliament might deem necessary, was carried unanimously. The meeting then separated. OXFORD, WORCESTER, AND WOLVEREIPTON. Ameeting of shareholders in this company was held at Manchester yesterday to consider the course desirable to he adopted in the piesent position of the undertaking. MIr. T. Roberts presided. A short conversation took place, which showed a unanimous opinion on the part of those present that in the existing circumstances of the company it was absolutely necessary to elect a board of directors who would conduct the affairs of the concern with energy and ability, unembarrassed by those divided councils which had hitherto attended the management. Mfr. J. NEILD, of Rochdale, stated that the Liverpool shareholders had requested Sir Morton Peto and Mr. Fenton (members of the Committee of Investigation) to allow themselves to be nominated as directors at the approaching election. Mr. E. WtTXIN; moved a resolution requesting the shareholders of Manchester and the neighbourhood to intrust their proxies to Mr. W. Fenton, of Rochdale, and Mr. Highfield, of Liverpool; and inviting Sir GVorton Peto and Mr. Fenton to allow themselves to be nominated. He attributed the present critical position of the company to laxity of management, excessive expenditure, and want of energy in the development of trafflc. Mr. J7ACKON, of ltochdale, seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. There was E subsequently an unanimous e.xpression of opinion by the meeting that is was desirable to have mn the direction some member of the South-Eastern Railway board, consideringthe importance of the narrow gauge connexion at Reading. The proceedings then termiated. TRAFFIC RETURNS. Miles PaI- 3fer- Total, Toti) RailaYs, open. sengerS. chandse. 1&%. 155. Fortnight ending April 12. Demerara 1 Week ending May1 14. Mons and Menage .. .. 21 . 142 .. 6G0 .. 72 .. 804 Week endiUng MLay 17. Glasgow and South-leste - -. - .. - . . 5.977 .. 5,855 Laelly.y .. .. .. 2S -. . . 3953 .. - Week ending May 18. North ondon .. .. 9 Z. - .. - . 2.217 2,056 Bendal and Windermere . . - .. 6 28 -. 170
COURT 0P OLDERMEZ. Yesterday a Court was held for the despatch of business IUlen taking the chair, his LORDHP informed the Cout that re had received a letter from the Duke of Cambridge, informing him that his Royal Highness would bave at. tended the maeeting of the Court upon the occasion of the presentati-on of the freedom of the city to Sir Edmund Lyons if it had not been for the death of Lord Adolphus Fitzelarence. The Duke of lNorfolk had aIso written an apology for absence on account of indiso.sition. Aldernan CoPELA-N expressed much regret that he had not been able to attend to witness the ceremony, and begged to be allowed to state hi opinion that the address delivered upon the occasion was inevery resreot admirbble, and accuraWly described the feeling of t3e corporation towrards she gallant admiral whose services it recorded. THE CITY COnIS ss Er OF POUCE, Alderman COPELA2,-D, in movinD that the letter of Mr. Commissioner larvey, dated the id of April, 15G6, he referred to the General Purposes Committee to consider the same and report thereon to the Court, said that the Coinmiamoner had served the city for a great many years with eat zeal, fidelity, and talent. It was well known and ac; owled-ed by the commercial community of Londoa that the City' olice were not excelled asa body by any police in the world, and that with the aid of the telegraph, and under the authority of their able head, innumerable attempts to commit serious plunder had been: frustrated and extensive robberies had been detected and punished. Under such circumstances he had no doubt the corporation would mark their appreciation of the exertions of Mr. Harvey, and tale into consideration the manner in which the igide t theirn Police Com missioners were remunerated as a fo their.dec ision. (Hear, hear,) gAlderman Fns seconded the motion, and alluded to the various cases in which the city police had recovered great amounts of proprty as evidence of the admirable system introduced by the Commissioner. Alderman WiE felt great pleasure in stating that he had good grounds for assuring the Court that the Court of Common Council would heartily approve and act upon the recommendation. (Hear, hear.) The letter was then nnanimouslyreferred to the Com- IlNSPECTORS OF W'WEIGHTS AND MPASURES. AldermanCoPEL-nDhandedinthe reportof these officers, and spoke in strong terms of their activity, at the same time regretting that that activity had brought to light a vast amount of plunder committed by tradesmen among the poorer classes. He moved that it be referred to the General Purposes Committee to consider the propriety of adver. tising, upon the second conviction, the names of the fraudulent tradesmen. (Hear, hear.) Sir P. LAURIE. who had suggested that expedient as a successful experiment in the parish of St. Marylebone, seconded the motion, and hoped at hisbrother magistrates wrould adopt such a means of checking the plunder, and strictly adhere to a plan which woul, perhaps, in man instances, enable a peer family to get seven or eight pounds of coals instead of nive for their money, and othernecessaries of life at a proportionate advantage. (HIear, hear.) The motion was carried unanimously.
APPEALS. HOTUSE OF LORDS, AY 2. SAYER V. BRADIEY AND n7upmq- Their Lordships sat this morning to resume the heaing of this case, which was previously argued in July last, when it was intimated by the House that it would be desirable to have it re-argued when the learned judges were in attendance-it being, accordingly, postponed sine dice Itwas resumed yesterday, when the lealmed judges were present. The arguments to-day having occupied the Hlouse until 3 o'clock, the further hearing was adjourned until Friday morning next, at half-past 10 o'clockl
INSOLVENT DEBTOS COURT, May 20. mL' RE THOMAS EVANS. (Before Jlr. Commisioner YIRP'y.) iIe mnsolvent, a cowkeeper at Chelsea, was heard some time since, when he was opposed by M3lr. Low, who was Almost the only creditor, and, after a long examination, the Court recommended the insolvent to comply with the creditor's wishes, and to give up his mill-walk, in order that it might be sold and the proceeds applied for the benefit of the estate. x It was stated to-day that the insolvent had not complied with the recommendation of the Court, and therefore a judgment was prayed. The learned CouanssioNER ordered the insolvent to be discharged in 12 calendar months from the date of the resting order for fraudulently contracting the debt of Mr. Low.
AfIDDLESEX SESSIOfS, Tuaday, May 20. (Before Mb. PASLEY, Q.C., Assistant-Judge, at Cier7xn- Charles Barnes, 25, upholsterer, was charged in three indictments with obtaining clocks by false pretences. He pleaded "Guilty" to one charge, and was tried on the second, Ar. Metcalfe defending him. The three charges against the prisoner were of the same character. He would watch a house until the master or mistress went out, and then ring the bell and tell the servant that he had been sent for the clock to repair. In many instances he succeeded in getting possession of clocksby such representations, aud besides the three charges now brought against him there were several others in the background. The jury found him Guilty on the second charge, and the Court sentenced him to six months' hard labour. Caleb Smith, 26, painter, a diminutive dirty looking fellow, pleaded * Guilty" to four charges of fraud. The prisoner said that two years ago he was at work at Birmingham earning a guinea a-week; but he got married, fell out of work, and, after enduring all sorts of privations, he sold everything he possessed and came to London. The more he sought for work the further he seemed to be from it, and at last he had to apply to the workhouse, where he was told he could be set to work to break stones at 7s. per week, but, as he had to pay 3s. Gd. a-week for lodging for his wife and child, he could not keep himself and them on the other half of the sum. If lhe went begng they locked him up. If he -went thieving they did the same, and it was through distress and scarcely knowing what to do to live that he had tried to " bilk" the police. The AsSisTAX.T-JL-DGE said, the prisoner had confessed himself guilty of four cases of fraud, and they certainly were frauds somewhat cunning, and the more remarkable as the persons he had duped were detective police officers, who might be supposed to be the last persons to be taken in. On the 2d of April, not the 1st, the prisoner went to the Somers-town police-station, and asked to see Sergeant Hll, stating that he wanted to speak to him on particular private business; and Sergeant Hill being there, an interview took place, at which the prisoner said he could give information respecting the robbery of the'Qneen's plate chest, that he knew where it was, that it was all right except a dozen spoons, that he was employed to find out a " fence" for it, and that for the trifling re-ward of 21. he would give information to the sergeant which would enable him to secure the plate and the delinquents too. The sergeant, in his zeal as an officer, and his anxiety to recover Her Majesty's property, gave him the 21., but on the way to the place where the prisoner had said the plate was, somehow orother, the prisoner vanished, and the sergeant was left with the reflection that he had been duped, and that at an expense to himself of 21. Well, on the 5th of April the pnsoner met Jackson, No. 5 N, at a private house at Whitechapel, by means of a communication previously made, and represented to him that lie could put hin on to two men who had the Queen's plate, and asked for 21. for the information, but this constable thought better not to give it him before the men were taken, but did give him Is. to get. refreshment. The next officer he applied to was Thomas Maverty, 43 N, and he told him the same story, that he could give information respecting the robbery of the Royal plate ; he said he had seen it that morning in the possession of two men at a publichouse at Whitechapel, that it was in a large glazed leathern bag, that he had seen it all except the *haft" of one knife, and that some of the articles bore the initials " V. R.," some "P. A.," and some "P. W.," the meaning of which, however, he professed modestly he did not understand. Maverty made an arrangement to meet him ata publichouse in Back Church-lane, having previously given him a written guarantee that he should have part of the reward which hadt been offered, and a note to the effect that the plate would be purchased when it was brought to the appointed place, which note was signed in the name of levy. The prisoner said he had arranged to sell the plate for the men whom he was to meet at the publichouse, but he must take a note from the intending purchaser, and 21. as a pledge of good faith* and, believing what he saidtobe trae, the officer gave him the 21. All this turned out to be false. He then tried to impose on Smith, of the E division, by pretending to give information respecting another robbery, and gave as the names of the parties concerned John WlUiams, aias "LoagHarry,"and "Flash Jack," or "Sore-eyedDick," who were to be found in the neig'hbourhood of Fashion. street, WhitechapeL. Smith questioned him as to how he became acquainted with them. He said he had been a shoeblack at Birmingham, and first knew them there, and they had since employed him to put away plunder which they obtained. He asked for an advance of money, whichSmith thought fit to decline, but as he said he was hungry and had no lodging, he did give him something to eat and drink and a shilling to get a lodging. This story, like the others tumed out to be false, and the prisoner had now confessed himself iltyofthe whole. Under the circumstances he Ishould sentence him to be klept to hard labour for 10 calendar months. William Brown, 19, John Smith, 23, and Wlliam Thompson, 32, were indictedforstealinga quantity of rings, seals, and other articles, value 30b, the pronerty of James Comerford. They were also charged with receiving .the same. - Mr.. Gent prosecuted; Mr. Way dferidedThoinpson. The prosecutor carries on the business of a jeweler inthe Edgware-road, and on the night of Friday, the 25th of April, about half-past 9 o'clock, a tray-of jewelry was stolen from outside liis shop window, wliere it had beea fastened by a pidlock. The same night the prisoners were foundsn possession of '.heproperty at aanhose in Thrallstreet, Spitalfelds, by Birnes, police-contable No. 10 H. Smith and Thompson juinped owe of the ilrst-fioor window, but were soon afterwards taken in an sdjoininghouse by the same oDficer, who told them if they dare^d to attempt to move be would "open' their heads with his trancheon. Brown-was taken by another offiler. The jury found them Gu2dy, and it was then proved thit the were well-known thieves. TheAZsTs.-T-JuDGs sentenced each of tbemto four years' penal servitude. (Before .ar2. CREAsy). Wil'ian Barber, 46, a stout well-dressed man, was tried and found Guilty on two chuiges of picking pockets in oMMnses. In one case he tool; a purse containing sih sovereigns from a lady, and in the other a purse containing seven sovereigns. Nothng was known as to his previous character, but the adroit and skilful manner in which he committed these robberies &howed that he must have bad considerable practice. Mfr. C E-sr sentenced him to four years' penal sefv'.- tude. Mr. IMEnteer was counsel for the prosecution, Mr. Met. calfe for the prisoner.
POLICE. LA.sioi,-nrxusr.-GeorgeTarner was charged with stealnga quantity of horsehair out of cushions in the seats o} the church of St. Mary Woolnoth. 3Mr. T. R. Frewer deposed that on Sunday eveninrhe saw the prisoner in a pew by himself. During the whoule *f the service witness heard a strange rustling noise and observed theprisonermovingaboutin a very unusual way, and at -thle end of the service leave-the pew in a hurnied manner. Witness fellowed him and took him into the vestry, wrhere he found in his pocets a quantity of horsehair. Prisoner said he was very sorry that he had taken the horsehair, but he did not know what made hinm take it. W. Ta;rlor, beadle, said that besides the horsehair founif in the prisoner's pocket he had found a quantity of horsehair behind the door of the pew. The cushions were in a; perfect condition when the prisoner entered the pew, butb when he left it was found thattheyhad been opened and the horsehair taken out. The prisoner was commaitted for trid. WEsTsuNsTmR.-ThomasCarthers was finallyexamimed charged with stealing 91. The prosecutrix, EM Bonnywell, a lone elderly woman, occupies a house in Sidney-place, Chelsea which she lets out furnished; and the prisoner lodged with her. A few mornings ago he was observed in the prosecutrid's sleeping apartment during her absence, and, on being asked by a fellow-lodger shortly afterwards how he caume to be there, said he had taken some money and was willing to share it. The other refused to pticipate in the plunder, and immediately infotmed Mrs. BonnyweD, who then missed all the mnoney sbe posse ,amounting to 92., from her drawers. In the course of inquiries it was ascertained that the prisoner had left part of the money at a publichouse, and had squandered the other awvay. The prisoner made no defence, and wras committed-for THA.'Es.-George Gerrard, aged 35 years, a carpenter, lately dwelling at No. 13, Single-place, Stepney, was broubht before Mr. YARDLY, charged with.an- aggravated ^ssaut on Mry Carter, whose appearance excited g"eat commiseration. Her face was swollen and blackened with the blows she had received from her brutal paramour, and she was in a weakly condition from loss of blood. The prisoner was sentenced to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for six calendar months. LAsMBETL-Frederick Phillips, alias Augular, an expoliceman, who has been convicted of felony, Williamn .Jacobs, -eliar Arnold, alias rmtrong, John Miller, ant LEdwrin Gardener, who had been in custody for some days on a charge of fraud, wrere again placed at the bar before r.r EuXoWTr for further esamnination. Mr. Sleigh, instructed by M1r. Chipperfield, attended for Phillips and Jacobs It will be recollected that the former charge against the prisoners was that of obtaining from Mr. Mfutton. a confectioner at Brighton, and who has a farm in Sussex, six loads of hay, valued at about 30!., by fraud and false pretences, and thle means by which the fraud in this, asinmany other eases, was accomplished was by advertisement. Mr. IMutton, having a quantity of hay and clover to dispose of, eansed an advertisement to be inserted in a Sussex paper, offering both at a certain price per load. InL reply to this advertisement he received a letter, dated ".8 &rnold-place, Frances-street, Newington Butts," and signed " J. B. Arnold," offering to take the whole of the hay and clover at a alight reduction of the price stated,.and offering to senda; check on delivery. In consequence of the receipt of this letter Mr. Mutton sent a friend to town with a. sample of the hay and clover, and for the purpose of maidng the necessary inquiries respecting the respectability A&c. of Mr. Arnold, itswriter. This person called at the house, 8, Arnold's-place, and there saw the prisoner Phillips, who informed him that he was employed by Mr. Arnold to prepare the house-then empty-for the reception of him and his family on the following Taesday, and farther stated that Mr. Arnold was a Government contractor, thathe kept two horses, and was a most- respectable man. O this representation the hay and clover were sent by the railway to the Bricklayers Arms Station, and from there taken away by the prisoners. MIr. Mutton, receiving neither check nor cash in pasment communicated with tbe police, and ascertained that ie was dealing with practised swindlers. The last load of hay he forwarded was in consequence watched, and all the prisoners were found engaged in taking it awayfron the raf'way, and were in consequence taken into custody. The evidence against the prisoners Xiller and Gardener went only to show that the former had been employed to assist in loading, and the latter to cat away the pro y. They were admitted in evidence against Jacobs andPhillips, as they called themselve7, and gave testimony of the fact. Neither witness, howsever, was able to say where the property was delivered, as Phillis and Jacobs, they said, were in the habit of taking the vehicle away, and leaving them at a publichouse while they disposed of the property. There was a second charge of obtaining a quantity of turnip seed from Mr. aber, a seed-grower at Rav-enhill, Essex, by means precisely similar to those resorted to in the last case, and the circumstances attendant on the guilt of the prisoner Arnol c were considerably strengthened by the railway d2elivery tickets of the property and other memoranda relating to it being found on him wrhen taken into custody. It was also stated in relation to him that he had been the associato of the notorions blind swindler Riccaby, and had been convicted and sentenced to 32 months' imprisonment for a swindling transaction with that accomplished cheat. It was also in evidence that Phillips had been convicted of felopy; and after a lengthened examination the prisoners were again remanded. -
EHE P1UBLIC HEALTH. (From the Rl trag-General's Report.) In the week that ended on Saturday the deaths of 1,04 persons-namely, 538 males ana 556 females-were registered in London. n tbe corresponding weels of ten years, 1846-55, the average number of deaths was 1,020, which, if raised by a tenth part for comparison with the deaths oE last week, which occurred in an increased population, becomes 1,122. It appears that the rate of mortality last week was slightly below the average. The deaths referred to diseases of the zymotic or epidenin character were last week 242-a number which differs little from the corrected average of corresponding weeks. Bat; typhus, under which head cases of common fever are inclhded, is at present more fatal than any other disea,e in the same class, and shows a disposition to increase. The deaths; caused by it, having been in recentweeks generally less than 60, rose lost week to 76, of which those that occurred in the eastern division, embracing Bethnal-green, Stepney, ana other districts, exhibit a decided preponderance in number. With reference to a death from typhus in the Shoreditch workhouse on the 9th of May of a person who had been brought from No. 2, Norfolk-place, Bateman's-row, Mr. Bovring, the registrar, mentions that the house in which the deceased had lived consists of four rooms, with a family in each, and is in a very filthy condition. Four men died in the workihouse, 3Iile-end New Town, between the 11th and 17th of May inclusive, all from "febris." Twelve persons died of small-pox, two of whom were children in one house in the Finsbary sub-district, who had not been vaccinated. A boy at 7, FIying-pan-alley, Clerkenwell, who also had not been vaccinated, died of tbe same disease; he was 6 years old, andthe son of a bbouxer ; and Mr. Goddard, the medical attendant, observes, that a stable could hardly be found so deficient in all the telexe,ts necessary to health as the room in which his patient had lived and died. Fatal cases of diarrhoaa were 15, which is the same as the average. Hernia was the cause of death in S cases; diabetes in 1; one person died of intemperance; and two men-a house painter and a labourer at leadworks -of colicapictorum after 2and 5 days' illness A female pensioner on a charitable endowment died at the age of 93 years, and a Wesleyan minister at 94, the two oldest personsrecordedin the week. last veek the births of 853 boys and 801 girls,-in all 1,654 children,-were registered in London. In the 10 correspendweeks of the years 1846-55 the average number was 1,497. At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean height of the barometer in the week was 29-493 inches. The bha rometer rose on Sunday (the l1th) to 29-79 inches, the highest in the week. The mean temperature of the week was 51.20, which is 09 below the average of the same week in 38 years (as determined by lEr. Glaisher). The warmest day was Sunday, when the thermometer in the shade rose to 720', and that in the sun to 953. The lowest reading was 42-9', and occurred on Friday. The entire range of the week was therefore 291'. The mean daily temperature -was below the average on every day except S-unday andt Tuesday. The mean dew-point temperature wss 45-6: and the difference between this and the mean temperatnre of the air was 5-60. The temperature of the water of the Thames ranzed from 4S3-3, the lowest on Sunday, t-o 559', the highest on the last two days of the week; the mean of the week was 3522'. On Sunday, Monday, and Friday the wind blew from the north; at othertimes generally it blew from the south-west. Rain fell to the amount of 1-24 inches, half of -which fell on Tuesday. There were heavy showers of hail and rain on Saturday. [Advertisement.1-Albert Smith's "Marchioness of Eivilers" is now eagerly sought after. The crimea of the BO,giaa thO Brinvlimers and other celebrated criminals of the pa stand forth in bold relief in the catalogue of guilt proving that the "poisonae chalice" of the poetwas no fantcten dresnv and history Ebows tbab ruch crimes have been at e senods ox co33mon occurreesa the - Afarchioness of Brinvilliers" Iet Smith has handled adelicate ,4biect vith a master hand, and the result is a most cxtroordinary & interestivg book, for -which an unparaleled sale Is inevitable. cIe la. X, or free by post for 22 stampa. Iondon, GeorzoI outzede aiiI Co., miarriDgdon-street,
.NA 7AL AND MILITARY INTBLLIGENCE. TheThunder, 14 guns, floating battery, and the Trnsty 14 guns, floating battery, were taken from Sheerness yester. day to Chatham by the steamvessels African, Otter, Lizard, and Myrtle, there to be laid up in ordinary. TheVigiant, 4 gans, screw despatch gunvessel, Com. nander Williiam Armytage, has been taken into the fitting basin at Sheerness to complete her equipment. The Ernu -gunboat, Lieutenant-Commander John D'Arcy, has also been taken into the graving dock at Sheerness forimmeciate equipment. The Cressy, 80 guns, screw steamship, Captain Mielard L. Warren, lhas landed her main and lowerA- eck guns, vshot, &c., and is to b-e tkl-en into the dry dock at Sheerness .his day. Her crew have been shifted cver to tie Minotarar hulk. The screr steamship Cleopatra is expected from DublEn at Liverpool this morning, where she ill disembark-the 2d Warwickshire Militia, and in the afternoen willUtalc on 'board the Roscommon Militia, with whom she will przceed to DuUin. Her Majesty's steamer Geyser orived-at Liverpoolyesteray to take away the gunboats Gadfly and Blossom. The Cadmus, 20, stearn screw-corvette, was launched yesterday from Chathana dockyard, inthe presence of a large miumber of spectators. This vessel was laid down on the 10th of May, 1855, and has been cempleted in the short space of 12 months, under the general directions of Mtr. F. J. Laire, master shipwright of -Chatham docL-yard. At 25 minutes before 1 the blocks were knocked away, and the i Cadmus glided slowly into the Medway amid the cheers of the spectators, the band of the Royal Marine Light Infantry playing the national anthem. The Cadnus will be imme=diately taken into dock to.be prepared -for sea- She will carry an armament of 20 S-inch 6ocw^ t. guns, each 9 feet in leneth, on truck carriages, and-one 6S-pounder pivot gun of ')5cwt. and 10 feet long. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty :-Lieutenant 3. E. Pd. Wilson, to the Hogue; Lieutenant J. A. 7Poland, to the Esk; R. H. Boyle, midshipman, to the Elk; C. B. Foot, naval-cadet (for disposal), to the Monarch; Habean B. Hunt, second master, to the Esk; Edward A. Amphlett, paymaster, to the Niger; Henry Campion, paymaster, to the Driver. Mfajor Hawkins' No. S Company, 7th Battalion Royal Artillery, are to take their departure from headquarters, WoolwiGh, to-dav for Shoebmyness, to hb stationed there for the purpose of carrying on experimental practice. E7EO4DANRY ANDMIT L ATI. The Royal Bucks Yeomanry Cavalry, under the comun=d -f Colonel the Duke of Buckinghnas and Chandos, will assemble at Backingham on Thursday, the 29th inst., -for eight days permanent duty, and willibe inspected on Thkrsday, the 5th of June. The RoyalCornwall and Devon MIiners hAtillery Militia c.arcLed from Pendenris Castle, Falmouth, on Monday, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Colman Rashleigh, Bart, for their head-quarters, Truro, for the purpose of being disembodied, agreeably to recent orders. A small detachment, under Captain St. Aubyn, is left behind for temporary garrison duty until relieved by the reglnr artillery-. This eorps has been considered the Sinest body of men (for their stren"th) in tbe country, and it is hoped a large proportion w,il volunteer for the line. The regiment wavs enthusiastically cheered thruh Falmouth on their departure.__________
THE EXPLOSIONY AT WiOOLWICH. Mr. Carter and a double jury assembled yesterday morn. ing at 10 o'clock at the Gun Tavern, Woolwvichl, for the purpose of inquiring into the death of William Powell, which arose from injuries received from the sudden ignition of atourbillon rocet, -which he was in the act of boring with a steel drill, worked by means of a lathe, at Woolwich Arsenal. Before entering upon the inquiry the jury proceeded to the deadhouse and examined the body, which had been placed in a she)l prior to interment. That of Flack, the foreman, who was ldlled by the last accident, on Saturday, was likewise examined, with the intention of investimating the cause of the several deaths which occurred on that eccasion ; that of the boy Richardson, who was taken to the hospital on the same occasion in a hopeless state, and who died on Monday, had been removed to the deadhouse, so that, together with the body of an artilleryman, there were no less than seven bodies in it. The Coroner informed the jury that all would be classed in one investigation, as all must have perished from the same cause. He should commence by endeavouring to ascertain the origin of the first accident, which must not be mixed up with the second, but probably the inquiries into the one case might aid in the investigation of the other. Mr. Robert Forman, a solicitor, attended to watch the proceedingson behalf of the Ordnance. Joseph Powell identified the body as that of his brother. The first witness called was Thomas Crossley, nwho said he had charge of the shed in which 1.5 men and 6 boys were employed, one of whom, the deceased, was engaged in boring nhahf-poundtourbillonrocketwith a lathe. The hole was being bored m the metal case without the brass cover bv means of a steel bit, which it was necessary should penetrate as far as the composition. Cautions were continually being given to see that the drill w.as not overheated, to avoid which the man at the lathe was strictly enjoined to remove it frequently and wipe it with a wet cloth. The deceased was a new hand at that work, and was often ordered to be careful thatthe drill was not overheated. Witness considered it safer to bore -without the outer case, as unless a man were very steady the two metals might come in contact and cause ignition. He was present when the rocket ignited. It did not explode, but caught fire and burnt, as those rockets generallydo. There were in the shed about 1,000 serge bags, called miner's bags, vwith 20 squibs in each, w hich also ca-uht fire. Some of the men were filling starshells of bright composition, which also ignited. No large amount of combustible matter was allowed to accumulate in the sheds, but it was removed every hour to a place of safety. One of the men was in the act of packing some of the materials in a copper-lined case when the accident occurred. Witness considered that Powell worked too fast, and lie had often been cautioned not to do so. A cork stopper was attached to the borer to prevent it from entering into the composition. By one of the jury.-I never knew of any one having been discharg,edfor being slow at work. Buckets of water are alwv.ays standing in readiness, and damped cotton lies on the table for coolino the borer. The Solicitor for the Ordnance here remarked, that no fireworks had been prepared in the Arsenal since 1814. fllHiam Mlfarks was next called.-He said lie was a labourer employed in the Arsenal, and was engaged in treading the lathe for boring the rockets. He had often been ordered to tread with caution. The witness proceeded to say that as soon as he perceived the ignition he made his escape from the shed. Had often seen the instrunent taken out to be sharpened. He did not see the deceased use the cooling cotton nor the water. He had been in that occupation upwards of three veeks. Had repeatedly heard Crossley adlvise caution. Had never heard of anyone being complained of for being slow at work. No particular orders as to speed had been given. Captain Edward Mounier Boxer, Royal Artillery, was the next w6itness exanined.-He said that he was the Superintendent of the Royal Laboratory; that for the last two months they had been principally engaged in preparing fireworks, and he was below wvhen the accident happened. Everything in that department wvas under his special direction; he was responxsible to Government for whatever occurred, hut it was impossible for him to look minutely into every man's work. To insure the equilibriumn of the rocket it wvas necessary to he very particular in boring the middle hole. This should be done with much caution. Hie did not consider there was the slightest danger if properly done. Considered that a steel driUi was infinitely safer in its use than any other kind of metal f or that purpose. In the shed wherethe accident occurred twokinds of composition wvere used,L which-in reply to a question from one of the Jury, he said-being a mixture of steel filings, were not extraordinarily dangerous, not so much so as the ordinary war rockets; the other was a brilliant comp)osition, mixed up with charcoaL Had seen cases where for applying a fuse for a particular range the shell had to be bored through, in doing which the borer became much heated. WVas very particular in preparations to discard anything of a gritty substance. The materials, when prepared, wvere coated with marine glue for safety. The late accident was undoubtedly occasioned by over-heat. There was no necessity for the hit to penetrate the composition. Accidents of that kind were less probable with a lathe than by any other method of boring. HIad given orders that no accumulation should be kept in the shed. There were several cases lined wvith copper and full, which were untouched. If the man had had presence of mind he could have extinguished the rocket without accident; instead of which it was throwvn among the squibs. They had other preparations much more dangerous. Although he knew that the gratest possible precaution was ordered, he was in a constant state of anxiety, and continually paid visits to the whole of the departments to oh. serve that all due caution wias used throughout. A burn from gunpowvder wans much more severe than from any other material. The hole might have been choked-a gouge or spoonbit mig~ht be less dangerous, and should be tried. It was very natural that information should be gained by these occurrences. WViliam Tozer wvas next caUled.-He said he was manager of the composition, and was in the shedthree minutes before the accident. Hfad attempted himself to bore a rocket with the outer case on, and had broken two bits in so doing. The facility of boring wvas much gueater without the brass case, and as it could be held much more easily he considered it infer to bore withos;t the case. Supposed that the bit was forced too far into the rocket wnile overheated. In order to gain all the assistaLnce in their powver, they were aided by n pyrotechnical artist, MIr. Southby, wvhose son was one of their foremen. There were 2,000 squlhs and one metal. lined case of starshells at the time of the accident. By one of the jurors._-We have had no difficulting since the accident in procuring men to vvork at the same process. Not a single man has given notice that he wished to leave his employ. M1y opinion is that there was a want of cantlon on the part of the deceased. I hayve not offered higher sw'ages since the aceident. I[am certain a> man is required so wvork immoderately quielL None of the men are tasked fto do any quantity of wsork. Cantain Boser sometimes &z:ains half an hour directing the labourers. pt geing now half-past 3 o'clbsk the Coroner proposed an zdurtnment tbll Thursday. 1e DIOI;XT OF Oil1ES.-The Mount of Olives Jear;aes, has been purchased by aMadame Polack, the widow of a wealthy bankcer of t}cs Hebrew persuaoon at Koise.t inPtu.i This lady intends to beautify the piae an 4nvaprove the whEole neighlbourhood, at her solo expeise. Tlie first thing she has done was to plant the wIbol8 area with a g;roe of olive trees, and thus to restore it to the c;~nal state to whiich it derives its nlamle. Tke olive tree thpa'e well in that locality, and though it Eakes many yearn lsefore arriving at a state of maturlity, and 16 years beore ibiring any fruit St all, it reqiret bult ]it]3 or nlo tfi n4 u lass for gEycra1 hilidred years.
IRELA YD. (FROM Our. OW1N CORRESPONDENT.) DUBLIN, TuEsDAY MIORNIG. T}lE TTPPERIUY BA2K CONTRIEUTORIES. 'The 5aster's decision in the case of Messrs. 'Wilson Kennedy and Vincent Scully was forwarded yesterday by telegraph. As the judgement, however, is of considerable importance to other parties chiming exemption front liability upon nearlysimilar grounds to those urgeed on behalf of these gentlemen, noutline irs annexe. Master Murphy said.- "As regarded Mr. Wilson Kennedy, it appeared that he had been placed on the list in respect of 100 shares, and also asadirector. It had been urged on his behatfthatheshould be wholly excluded from the list, on the ground that he had transferred those shares on the 29th of March, 1855, to MIr. James Ssdleir, since which date he had ceased to interfere in tmy way with the fwuds of the society. The Mlaster etated, at considersble len gh, Mr. Wilson Kennedy's position in respect to the bank, his directorship, for which ho was entitled to a salary of 5001. a-year, and the importence and responsibility of the duties attached to that oflice-, which he held down to the date of the transfer; and, after recapitulating the law of equity as argued at the bar, said that the case must be determined by the deed of copartnership. Accordingtothe viewf .which he took of that deed no legal transfer had been effected. It was not by a mone entry inthe books of th coepany, butbythesanetionofacourtofproprietors thatatransfer wvaavalidated. No such sanction had ever been obtained, as no court of directors had been held. Mr. Kennedy was aware of the provisions of the deed but he did not see them carried into operation. Where persons were placed in a fiduciary position, where they had the control of their own acts, the acts of their colleagues, or the acts of their agents, onoia rite ca soelenite- acta should be the mnaxim. He thought it highly dangerous to the public interests and opposed to every principle of equity if any other state of law were to prevaL It appeared to him, therefore, that Mr. Kennedy by his | own act, though he may not have looked at its con- sequences at the time, was not, in the legal meaning of the word, faithful to his co-partners, while, whatever may have induced him to atct as he had done, it was perfectly plain that from parting with his shares for what was supposed to be half their value (5001.), and that there could be no court of directors possiblyexisting to giveasanctionto his acts, hehad placed hhnself in a very different positionfromthat of other parties, and that he must nowv bear whatever responsibility attached to his position as a shareholder of the company. His clear opinion was, that what was done by Mr. Kennedy was not what he ought to have done-was not what he was justified in doing, and he should, therefore, stand on the list as a contributory. Mr. Vincent Scully was differently circumstanced. He was placed onthe list in the same position as M1r. Kennedy, but with a much larger amount of liability -namely, as a holder of 700 shares. His position appeared to be tlis-previous to 1848 he was a shareholder, and in that year he was duly and formally elected a director of the company in place of his late uncle, 3Mr. James Scully. In the course of these proceedings it had trans. &ired that before the transfer was effected he becamne V'satisfied at the circumstance that there was no formal regular audit of the accounts of the company. That was a very wise and fair objection, but it was greatly to be lamented that the hon. gentleman did not bring his great influence and that of his friends to bear to secure that object. However, he continned to be a shareholder, and ostensibly a director down to April, 1855, and even after he had nominally transferred his shares to Mr. Sadleir he received a dividend which he himself naircly said he placed to 31r. Sadleir's account. To what account? To -what other account than that of the transaction which was contemplated, but had not been legally perfected? His case wvas now:-' I am ready to meet my legal liabilities, but I have no legal liabilities.' Mr. Robert Keating said the same thing in reference to these shares. So would the representative of Mr. John Sadleir. They would then be come derelict shares. Now, although he (the Master) had said there were features distinrguishing the twvo cases, yet really, substantially, and in equity, Mr. Scully and Mr. Kennedy stood in the same position. It appeared to him that, looking at this transaction, Mr. Sculy was held out constructively to the public as a director of the bank-, yet getting no conrt of directors to meet and doing anything to give validity to the transfer of his shares. He must have had knowledge of the informality connected with that transfer, andhe was pssessced of the knowledge which prompted him to sell out. Ele (the Master) apprehended, then, that Mr. Scully's application could not be sustained in a court of justice. He was the honest, bond A#le holder of the shares and his name must, therefore, remain on the list without qualification. "Mr. Sullivan asked whether Mr. Keating's name, as the transferee of the 700 shares, was to be strAck off the list? " The Master said he would consider the question between that and next morning. At present he substantially decided tthat Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Scully were to be on the list as contributories to the ful extent of their shares. If 1r. Sadleir's liability were not worked out, or if he were not able to pay the amount required from him, Mr. Keating would be liable. He did not see how he could Oct out of it. " Mr. Hemphill, on the part of Mr. ?lohn Henry Doyle, applied to have his name struck off the list, as he had merely allowed his name to be used at the request of John Sadleir, and had no beneficial interest in the transaction. "The Master held that his name should remain on the list. "Mr. Barry appliedto have thename of 3Mr. Barry struck out, as his name had niot been returned in the list to the Custom-house. " The Master decided that the name should remain on the list. " Mfr. Dowse made an application on behalf of 'Mrs. Frances Flint to have her name omitted from the liston the ground of her being a married woman without any separate estate at the time she took three 101. shares, having been induced to do so by Mr. Augustus P. Fabian, of the London and County Bank. " The Master decided on retaining the name, her liability, however, to be limited to any separate property she might be possessed of. "Counsel appeared on behalf of Mr. John Pepper, and produced an affidavitupon which he claimed exemption from the list of contributories. It stated that in the year 1850 Mr. Pepper, having a sum of 2.501. in the Nenagh branch, apliled to Mr. Haley, the manager, for his deposit receipt, when the latter advised him to invest the money in shares of the banking company, saying he would obtain a higher rate of interest, telling him that he would not be responsible for any loss or liability beyond the sumn actually invested, and adding that it was impossible for him to run any risk, as the bank did not issue notes, and could draw upon the Bank of Ireland for 100,000!. Shortly afterwards 20 shares were assigued to him in the Roscrea branch of the bank but he never signed any acceptance of the shares, or any deed of copartnership, and took no step beyond receiving the dividends. ".Mr. M'Donough having replied, "The Master said, everyone was presumed to know the law, and it would be establishing a monstrous precedent if Mr Pepper were allowed to escape. "Mr. Murphy said, he appeared for Mr. Austin Farrell, whose name had been so frequently before the Court in the course of the proceedings, and who was returned on the list in respect of 164 shares which he had transferred to Mr. James Sadleir. Mr. Farrell was anxious-vastly more than as regarded his pecuniary liability-that his character, hitherto standing so high, should be preserved unsullied, notwithstanding the awkwardness of the position in which he was placed by the trustfulness of his character, and the confidence he reposed in John and James Sadleir. In the year 1839 or 1840 he received a letter from John Sadleir, statina that he wanted 'an honest man' to hold a few shares of the Tipperary Bank in trust for a few months, when some other person would be found to take his position, adding that no liability attached to this step, and enclosing a guarantee bearing him harmless in every respect. He had no recollection of having consented to become a holder of these shares-he might have done so in order not to disoblige John Sadleir; but he certainly had no recollection of signing a deed of transfer for them, nor any deed consenting to become a partner in the concern, for he never was a shareholder in the Tipperary Bank. "The Master said, although Mr. Farrell might have forgotteD an act which he performed, he was not the less liable for its consequences ; and his signature to the dividend warrants plainlyshowedthathe must have known and sanctioned the shares being in his name. He should therefore be retained on the list. " The Master then rose, having gone through the entire of the original and supplemental lists of contributories, with the exception of two, which stand over till the first day of term, and of some cases in which the representatives of deceased shareholders had not yet been ascertained. The Master adiourned the furtlher hearing of the case to Thursday next." COVERINENT PATRAONAGE. The salary of each of the three nAw Crown solicitors for the Not-th-West Circuit is fi-xed at 8001. per anmun. Two of the situations have, it is said, been already diposed of. Milr. Geale, a connexion by marriage, of Earl Fortesene, gets one of the ap pointments, and the second goes to Mr. D. Fitzgerald, brother of the Attorney-GeneraL REPRESENTATION OR CLARE. The MUssster News has the following statement " We understand that a strong popular desire exists in Clare to return William S. O'Brieni 13sq., as one of the representatives at the next opportunity. A gentleman of inniuence in the county has informed us he was offered 80 votes in one locality in behalf of the distinguished Irishman. Indeed, so strong is the feeling that little doubt is felt of his election by an overwhelming majority, and an enthusiasm as vivid as that which attended O'Connell's triumph in the immortalized county by which emancipation was carried against the victor of Waterloo, and the formidable factions he then led and roled." THE GREAT INTERNATIONAL CATTE SHOW. The followinng gratifying information respecting the part Ireland is likely to play in the forthboming cattle show at Paris, is condensed from the Ecening Mail:- "The arrival of the City of Dablin Company's steamer Windsor, at the quay of Dublin, on Friday morning last, chartered by a number of our leading agriculturists for the conveyance of stock, agricultural produce, and passengers, to tie port of Havre, emsroute forthe monster cattle showv to be held next week in the Exhibition Building of Last year in Paris, is an event of no ordinary importance at the present momena, pointing, as it does, to the opening of a new and (if report speaks true) aremunerative market for the staple commodity of this- country-her cattle. Latyeara few adventurous gentlemen, acting as pioneers to this movement, tranpaled, at much cost and trouble, the modest number of sevcp animals from the shores of Ireland to the first of these gte,t French agricultural gatherings held in tJu Champs do 3fr5 in June last. Encouraged by the succes of this *enture (five out of the seven anibmals so seat baying cSies.u'd off prizes), and by the increased in. dueemiMP held, Xut tg o ' breeders by the lihbsysiity of the Imperial Government, and aided by the indefatigable exertions of M. B 'raf;f, the French Consul, our brecders of good stock hsve not been slow to avail them selves of the opportnitythus offered for extending the 'a'sis of their trade (if we may iuse the expression), and mAking the merits of Irish stock, and the natural advantages of Ireandas a breeding country, known and appreciatiaon the continent of Europe. By to-morrow morning's tide the Windsor will start from the North-wall, bearing 54 head of horned stock, together with a considerable numrber of sheep, pigs, and agricultural products, to the shores oE France, to swel the grand total of nsearly 9,000 entries of stock, implements of husbandry, aud agricultural products which nill be assembled from nearly every corner of the continent of Europe in the Champs %66e. by the end of this week. Each of the societies abovenamed have moreover appointed deputations from among their leading members to represent them in Paris on that oecasson, most of whom have taken their passage in the Windsor., THE. FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 921; ditto, for account, June 9, 93 93A 4 ; New Three per Cent. Stock, 92.-' I ; ditto, for account, June 9, 934; Bank Stock, 224l -Grand Canal Company (1001. paid), 3881. Railways.-(&ork Blackrook, and Pasage (201. paid), 18; Dablin and Beliast Junction (451. paid), 44A; Dablin and Drogheda (751. paid) 64; ditto, Ilew Thirds (251. paid), 21.3; Danblin and Kinga&town (100!. paid), 155 Great Southern and Western (5o0. paid), 52;dito, or ccunt 52; dtto Eghths, 6 per cent. pre;ference (61.ose. paidm),79 ~- ditto, paid i in full ( paid), 19; Killarney Junction (10i. paid), 9; Midland Great Westrn nd oya Caal (01.pai), 4i~51; ditto, Half Shares (2. pand), B l2cS~ dl ; WatPerford and Limerick (S1O. p-ad), for account, 221..
DIVORCE AND MATRBIMO.VI.AZ OAUsEs. - 81- TO THiE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Under the title which I have quoted above, the Lord Chancellor has presented a bill to the House of Peers " to transfer the jurisdiction in matrimonial causes, and to establish a court of divorce." Within 14 years-in 1843, 1844, 1845, 1S54, and 1856-five measures for altering this branch of the law have been brought before Parliament. The four antecedent bi)ls signally failed. Unless the present be very materially amended inthe course of its progress, I trust it will share the same fate. The abolition of ecclesiastical jurisdietion in matrimonial and testamentary matters is a step which ought to have been taken long ago. The Lord Chancellor's bill assumes the latter object, and the.estzablishment of a " court of probate and administration," to have been effected; and refers to a "TestamentaryJurisdiction Act, 1856," as being already in force. I am not aware that any such act has yet been passed. In detail the present bill differs from that which the Lord Chancelor introduced in the session of 1854; but in principle it is essentially the same. With the details I do not at present propose to deal, but I desire to explain -wherein the principle appears to me to be unjust, erroneous, and defective. The causes of partial and total separation of husband and wife, some recognized by the law or in practice, others wholly ignored by judges and legislators, are various. I conceive that some of the latter ought to find a place in Lord Cranworth's bill. A judicial separation of husband and wife is at present effected by a decree of the Ecclesiastical Court for divorce a menslt atleoro, on the complaint of either party that adultery has been committed; and, at the instance of a wife, on the grounds of personal cruelty and nameless crime. This decree may contain an order for the payment of alimony by the husband, when he is the delinquent, for the maintenanice of the wife. In all other respects the rights and interests of married persons, so divorced, in the pro perty of each other remain unaltered. The husband can still claim and possess himself, for his owvn use, of all his wife's personal estate, whether held by her or by others -not settleI for heZ- separate use-given to or devolving upon her by operation of law, or earned by her labour or her talents. He can still receive the rents of her real estate. and exercise owvnership during their joint lives; and if a child of the marriage have been born, and he survive, he can by Law hold her land as long as he lives. If a wife, thus divorced from her husband, were possessed, at the time of her marriage, or at any subsequent period, of a large fortune not settled upon her, the husband can lawfully squander the whole during his life, or at his death bequeath it by will to a stranger, leaving her penniless. A married woman, so divorced, is still clothed with all the disabilities of a person non-existent in law. She can make neither deed nor will. If she be grossly libelled or slandered she has no remedy, because she is a wife. If she be robbed of her diamonds, or of her only decent dress, she cannot prosecute the thief, because in law they do not belong to her-she is a wife. But if she steal from another, the impartial laws of England recognize her separate existence. She may be tried and convicted, although she be a wife. As in his former bill, so in the present, the Lord Chancellor proposes that if a 'wif have been deserted by her husband, and "such desertion have continued without reasonable excuse, for three years or upwards," the Court may, if it shall see fit, make an order for the payment to her of alimony. What "reasonable excuse" can be imagined for the "desertion" of a wife hy her husband "for three years or upwards?" "Absence" might possibly be explained, but the word used is "desertion," which implies that the husband has entirely forsaken his wife. How is the deserted wife to be supportedduring this interval? How is she to find bread for her children ? All the injustice, disabilities, and evil consequences produced by the misconduct of a husband, which I have described as affecting a wife who has obtained a sentence of divorcea meznst a dho0r, equally oppress a wife who is deserted by or separated from her husband by their mutual consent, where no proper and effectual terms of separation have been legally entered into. With the exception of alimony after desertion for three long years, the Lord Chanceller proposes to afford no protection and to provide no remedy for injured, insulted, and forsaken wives, which may not now be obtained in the dull and dismal precinct of Doctors'-commons. Nor do I contemplate any material facility of proceeding for the poor in the diminution of expense by the operation of Lord Cran. worth's bill. The machinery of his Lordship's proposed "court of divorce" appears to resemble the proceedings in the superior courts at Westminster, which persons in hunmble life seldom venture to approach. A total separation of husband and wife by the dissolution of their marriage, or divorce c vilaclo narlCdt-iaoii, is at present extra-judicial, and can only be effected by an act of Parliament, on the complaint of a husband that his wife has committed adultery. No such relief on the petition of a wife has ever been granted by the Legislature. Unless a wvife can prove that her husband has been guilty of incestuous adultery or of bigamy, Parliament turns a deaf ear to all her complaints. This obstacle, however, is interposed by the practice of the House of Lords; it is not to be found in the standing orders of either branch of the Legislature. The courts of law are closed to both sexes. The Lord Chancellor defines " incestuous adultery to mean adultery committed by a husband with a woman with whom, if his wife were dead, he could not lawfully contract marriage, by reason of her being within the prohibited degrees of consanguinity oraffinity." 'What say the advocates of marriage with a deceased wife's sister to this definition? They, I presume, will contend that adultery with the sister of a living wife is no more incestuous than connubial intercourse with the sister of a deceased wife. Meagre, however, as is the justice now afforded to wives by the House of Lords, Lord Cranworth would diminish it. Now a wife may present a petition to Parliament, prayig fora divorce, on the ground of her huisband's adultery. Who can say that a case may not be made out in which the House might be disposed to relax its rule? If the Lord Chancellor's bill should become law, no such petition could be received by his Lordship's court of divorce. NoW a wife may petition the House of Lords, praying for a divorce, on the ground that her husband is guilty of bigamy, and her prayer would be granted. If the Lord Chancellor's bil should become law, no such petition could be received by the court of divorce. His Lordship asks Parliament to close these avenues to mercy. The protection andjthe remedies which even-handed justice would afford and provide for injured, insulted, and forsaken wives appear to me to be obvious. In addition to the causes at present admitted by the spiritual courts to furnish sufficient ground for a sentence of divorce a mensea ct thoro, I contend that absolute and unequivocal desertion, for a period, to be fixed by law, ought to enable a wife so deserted and forsaken to apply to the court for such a divorce, and for alimony instanter. The law of Scotland allows "wilful desertion," or "non-adherence," for four years to be a lawful gronnd for sentence of divorce, not only a ne'nsO et thoro, but also a vnxudo matrinzonfi, - Adultery, committed by either husband or wif ought to he lawful ground for a decree dissolving the marriage. In Scotland equal justice is by law administered to botlh serea and there is no solid reason for refusing it in England. 1 trnst that Lord Lyndhurst, Lord Brougham, and Lord St. Leonard's, whose opinions are, I believe, favourable to an assimilation of the English and Scotch laws of divorce, will frmly resist all Lord Cranworth's partial and unjus propo. sitions. Thm exceptional relief hitherto granted by Parlia. nent in mases of divorce is altogether a matterofgraceand favour conferred upon individual petitioners, 'each according to eircumstances. Bet when Pari4ament is called upon to legislate for the nation, upon what principle of justice can Lord Cranworth's proposed enactment be sustamied? The arguments of great and learned men, the evidence of able, eminen.t, aPd ,,;perienced lawyrs, allfaumiliartothose noble lords to whom I have appealed, lie before me; but I am warned by space not to enlarge on this topic. On every decree for divorce at the instance of a wifewhetherpartial by legal separation, or total. by dissolution of marriage-in every case of absolute aud unequivocal desertion, and wherever a wife is separated from her husband by reason of his misconduct, rendering reconciliation impossible, a court of competent jurisdiction ought to possess the power, in its discretion, -to suspend the marital right of a husband$ and to restore a wife to her original condition as afemw sole, so as to enable her to acquire, to possess, and to dispose of real aud personal estate,-free from the control and interference, and protected agaimst the debts and engagements, of her husband-to4order her fortune to be restoref to her; or, if it were settled on her marriage, the primary trust being for the husband for his life, to suspend such primary trust, so as to let the wife into the immediate receipts of the income arising from her own fortune, as if her husband were naturally dead. I have suggested that this discretionary power should be vested in the Court in cases not extending to total separa. tion by dissolution of the mariage, because I believe if that Court were intrusted with such adequate power many excellent and admirable women would far prefer a sentence of legal separation to a decree for final divorce. Such a woman as I now contemplate would have no wish to resume her father's name while her children bore another's; to declare to them day by day, as they increase in intelligence and advance towards matturity, that their father is as unfit to be her associate as to be their guardian; and to be looked upon in society as an unmarried mother. Such a woman would shrink from the suggestion of a second marriage during the life of himwho was once her husband. Her feelings of delicacy and honour would revolt at the proposition that she could be, at one and the same time, the wife- though but in her own conscience-of two living men. And alas! invery few cases, if any, where a married woman might lawfully and justly resume her patronymic, would a censorious and unreflecting world stop to inquire whether she was an adultress or not? I further beg permission to observe that the exercise by a husband of what is called his marital right, in its full extent, is a legal wrong. I am indisposed to control, or in any way to interfere with, the free and undoubted right of a woman, on the eve of her maxriage, or at any period of its existence, voluntarily and generously to surrender to her affianced suitor, or to her husband, all her worldly possessions. Saich liberality has frequently been well, wisely, aud beneficially exercised, has tended to promote mutual prosperity and happiness, and has been acknowledged with affectionate gratitude. But I would have the possession by a husband of his wife's property acquired by her voluntary and considered gift-not by the operation of a law in ambuscade. A woman, possessed of fortune, who marries without a settlement, in ignorance of this legal marital right, loses all control-over, and all interest in, her own property for ever. The introduction of the Lord Chancellor's bill offers an opportunity for the judicious restriction of this marital right, if Parliament, in its wisdom, sees fit. I believe, Sir, that few, if any, of the propositions which I have presumed to make are without authority. Those who read the report of the commissioners appointed by Her MIajesty in December, 1850, " to inquire into the present state of the law of divorce, and more particularly into the mode of obtaining a divorce a vineuio ?matrivzonfi in this conutry," will find there, in the "Refornzatio Leguun Eccaesiasticarutm," prepared under the superintendence of Archbishop Cranmer, in a petition of the clergy to the p er House of Convocation, in 1554, &a., recommendations made to the same effect as the propositions which I have irade. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. ARITUS.
GRrPT AItiVAL OF SHPI?pt &Tr LwVmrooL.- A change of wind has brought the finest fleet of merchantmen into this port that ever entered the Mersey in on6 week; and with them an influx of wealth, in the value of their cargoes and the amount of their freights, we believe, vithout parallel. A greater number of vessels may have entered the port in former years durig the samo period, but in their aggregate tonnage and value of their cargoes they would bear no comparison to the arrivals of the pre. sent week. We here subjoin the number of vessels and their tonnage, distinguishing the countries they are from, hut not separatinlg the British and foreigu tons: The chief part of these vessels were entered at the Customhouse on Thursday and FPriday, and the amount of dock due; received upon the ships and cargoes in each of the two days were May 15, 6,3071: 2s., May 16, 4,OS7l. 15s. Ild.; total, tw o day, 9,3941. 17s. lld.-Liveipo001 X lhion. ROTATORY STOR-IS.-On I\Ionday eveninig last a meeting of the members of the United Service Institution was he~ld, when Captain Fishbourne, RXL., read a paper on "flotatory Storms in the Chinese Seas." After describing the well-known phenomena of the trade winds, he explained the now well-accepted ttheory that hurricanes, typhoons, and other such storms move in a circuit, the centre of which advances on a tract generaly well known in different seas and different latitudes. In each such case there was a centre or vortex of greater danger, of a diameter in the China Seas, of about 250 miles. The infl'ence of this revolving centre extended in widening circles to about 1,200 miles. It was most dangerous for any ship to get into the centre, while, by reaching the outer edge of the circle, she might have -hne weather, sail round the storm with a fair vind, and actually make her passage quicker than if the cyclone or storm had not occurred, and with no inconvenience. From ignorance of this rotatory character of storm, however, a ship would often run into the very focus of danger, or else heave-to and wait for the danger to approach her. The indications of the barometer were of great importance-the fal of a quarter of an inch in the mercury was sufficient to warn the seaman of approaching danger. By attention to other phenomena, the veering of the wind and the presence of a swell, he might easily ascertain in what direction the storm was nioving, and avoid the dangerous centre and ascertain which was the path of safety. A discussion followed, in which Mr. Martin, Professor Tyndall, Admiral Sir GEeorge Sarterius, Captain Inp,rann, R., and others took part. The Cha7irman (Colonel Lindsay), in conclusion, announcedthat at their nex;tmeeting Mr. Oliphant would read a paper " On the-Battle of the Ingour, gained by Omar Pasha over the Russians." T It EVEES OF THE AST INDIA PsESIDENcuS.-It appears from a return published on Saturday that the gross total receipts, as revenue, of all the presidencies of lSast India in the vear 1853-54 amounted to 26,510,1851., and the net receipts to 26,375,1911. The total payments out of the income amounted to 6,670,1171., leaving anet amount of 19,705,0801. in the several Government treasuries. The land revenues yield 16,680,146G., the customs 1,283,45551., salt 2,917,5241., opium 4,478,G531. The gross receipts of the Bengal Presidency amounted to 10,519,7741., and the payments to 2,3S9,6941. ; the revenue of the Bnumese provinces was 303,7417- ; the revenue of the north-west provinces was 7,002,1841., and the expenditure 1,311,0101.; the !revenue of the Punjab and trans-Indus territory was 1,215,5711., and the expenditure 323,8791.- the revenue (gross) of the 11adraspresidencywas4,674,9701., and the payments 1,322,8511.; the revenue of the Bombay p residency was 4,313,2571., and the payments 1,646,5531. lt bas beenshown that 26,375,1971. was the grand total revenue of India in 1853-54, and against this must be set an expenditure of 28,419,3141., leaving a deficit of 2,044,1171. The payments in the realization of the revenue amounted to 6,670,1171., the charges in India to 18,486,9081., and the charges in England to 3,262,2891. GRAND JRuRIs (1REBAxDABiLL.-A bill of Sir D.J. Norreys, Mr. Fagan, and Mr. Pollard-Urqubart, proposes to relieve grand juries in Ireland from fiscal duties, and to lancethemanagement thereof in the hands of councils of d cts. These councils would be composed of wardens elected quadrennially by the ratepayers and the resident magistrates. The councils would appoint an executive comnfittee having continuous powers. The duties incumbent on the district councils include the maintenance of the lines of road, &c., the making of provision for al local charges or expenditure by the levy of rates, and (at their discretion) the execution of works at the charge of the district, not hitherto presentable by grand juries; the power of borrowing money en the rates, and the sanction of private works for public use, or by which the public interests may be affected. The decisions of the district councils may be appealed against to the county council. The fiscal affairs of counties will be managed by councils, themembers of which vill be chosen by the district councils and the magistrates (quadrennially.) The county councils will be controlled by the "Administrative Council" of the Lord Lieutenant, conEisting of certain high officers of State and 10 other persons to be chosen by the Viceroy of Ireland. The Asministra. tive Council will have power to make regulatione for the nagement of lunatic asylums and other public establish. veats which are paid for by rates levied within the several coutieses. It will have power, also, to orgauize a systemi for obtaining agricultural and other statistics, and to hear eiod examine ormplaints made aganst the conduct of any cow niWtiinern p,pointed by the Government, under ay act of J1arliamsnt6 m respect of drain , navvigations, or other works, the Ce4 of Which if to bi ybeiajd by local or general evies of rates.
SHIP .ZEWS. m rV-PTIT v._- Wmn , .. - - Off the Posrt-The Saltana, from Melbourne-the Dreadnough, theP'earl Yacht, and the Eli Whitney. Arrived.-The Adam V. Rog&, from Jamaica-the ratter, from~ OPorto-ihe Charlms from Drontheirm-the Adept, from Mobile-tho New York, from New York-the Sardinian, from 1aefilled-thePanzewit7 and the Coas, from Dautsic. Sailed.-The Wanderer. the Ironsides, and the Dictator, for New York-the Amaone, for Memel-the Caroline Suzanne, for Danteid theWilia prnc, fr rontat-te oren,for Wyburg-theRea, Jracket, fo Melbourne-the Atlanti, for Qiuebec-the Prinof Athur, LtosDox, May 20.-Wmud atn3oon, W., light alrs, u(i f% ne*de FAholaEr, lhia -WD laW. frestle le. SaiQeb , the Deoda ta forsAnto erp-the Cake of Cornoall, for Chrndon, BBisoi,, My 20.-Wmnd, W. i moderate.-Arrived, the neeu fromeHayciprocty, l ethe llAdeza,from ca torde fto Geoaeste Slethe Rosina, and the Time, for Snsea-the ry, for C then_ Sled,Mayokfr1W.-therford-thea , fo r Christara- oe Pideford-the_ forir BafWblesfrCadif Lo re, May20.-Wy 16n-Te Britisha ransporl t which a s ixn cone tact viththe geta Hermi.a.irom .Meirfor bu g, onthe tb it. betwen the Start an-r2nWPortlad, was the HerDfordshire Nrw Yos, May 6.-TheWiarnane, fromthe bliAiseisppifor Queens. towmn arrived-at oVizlgtoa n Athea30th ult., tfter beine sahore on the Fsin,pan Shoale ThesL, onore fromBoston for Ct.nJohn'stXew PrilnE.ic f Wales, fn orCardiff.te mpht f the2thult.off Boston harbosr.vith May 16.-Tice aritis trnsot,hc was inke caif o on-t Hs<;nsG, Syl6.-he Alrm. fom Cadifffor Cronstadt, tahict with the on oetat H oinafrom n adea ra for H ambuon lg,ithe 8th i.beteen a; the Stfandrtceand Potad a heHrtraie wY:ousu,w May 6.-T-heHachan fromthe Yarmouth ior London. toic, aranve atWlgon thoue no te Orfhr Hil,avefeterdein. hashoeera grt offi, aft s incontpart of her the an t nIt., off Bustothe quay. The Palph Waller, ofAkberystwith, wbich sailed from C'i-nchs harnur on ornaboueOca. h2,1855, and was spolen Nov.1 on iat4oSu long. wa oV.. has not since bee er on heo The Australa, which 1a eed from ChinchasIslarut for the unitd. lhingdom, on the 23d of October hasnot srce been hearda o h G gAtVESErD, cakr 2aD (Byr SuzApm A.S-D BRm Tyio rn I itzrom Lloyd!s. Y.30 am.-W nd, W: tidle. 3 houxfllod': iine. hnuived.-ThelVeaselfromTobago-theNarine,irom Calao-tho Trepbena, from Tobago-tfe Panther, IFom Boulogne. ISiledo-Thn o ictory, for Constantinople. l pm.- ViuE, S. o side,n6 hoen hlodo fLne. Arered.-The Cavaho IMairlto, from Chonitevideo-tre Otha Erom Ditzran-t1he Ada, from P'h'ladel,blathe -Fifeshus, from Porto RWico -the Earl of Elgin, from Catao the Circasi an from Colomd o. 3 p.m.-WInd, W.; tide, 2 houmr ebd; fine. Arrived.-The Woeamse de, from Callg La Plata, from Santos-thaFyenord, fromBotterdam-the CasLer, from Jamalca-the g pbyniromeMontevideo-h e Ariel, f rom BCa badoes-tho W.isor Yorest. from CaDao-tbe Anglesca, from P'alermo-the PrIinec of the Seas, irom Sydn-y. 7.3 p.m.-Wind, W.; tide, lohv water; fresh. Arrived.-The Polluxo from Za mburg-the Vesta, ffom Oporto. S-teeda-The Albion, for BoClogse-the Cr ossile, for Havre. Arrived, Uay 19-The Cridpin, from aelbo-laxe-tae Cleaver, from. Iquiqri-the Jamies Gondi, from 3onrtevideo-the Aidiaoce, from Guernsey-the Perthgsc, from ebtip Island. TMA, MAY 2DQ MySimAr7sZ A-,D B=sus T ssshAn.l lFromLl ordn 9 apm.-wind, S. tlight, Pasvied.-The MoDylr, fo Neart-theCnquerors, form Ighortho Aiqledi-or Albion, rthe Borma, for Odessa, and fhe Soaror, for Ebanghaie; ay 1rom London-fre Sedgemoor, from S.mderland for MTadras. Sqi'ed,-The Jest Derby, for Calcutta-the RAianede, for Swomn River-the Buelisgtoc, for CSrfu-the Danishsloop,f-wa Xajaden, for Portsmou th. 9.oon.-Wind, W.S.W.:; mhodete and fine. Passed- The Vesta, from Oporthfor lonqeon. Anchored.-TheWar Spirit. for Bombay. adndthe Tenness , for Costantinople, both from ShieLds-the ledd Cat, from London for Cadras. 3 p.m.-Wind. W.S.W. . moderate.-No anrin s. 7 30 p.m.-Wine, WfSrm N lightf Arrived Tnd PassedIhit fVor comy, and the Queen Victoria, Non. Transport. from Shedond for Constantinople-the Wlrl AugCtte, fromL Java forRotterdam. Arrived and Anchored.-The Omega, from London for Geclong-tho Samaria, from Newcastlefor Mlarcreren. Anchored, May 12-The lslander, forBarbadoer. VTiK is 8roxir W rf H. The Mercy, from the MauritiusforF almouth, April 27, jalat. 27 N_, Tire Dauntless, for Bombay. May 9, in a1t 46 N.. long. 14 W. The Phaebe Dunbar, from London for Adelaide, South Australia_ March 9, in lat. 24 S., long- 33 W. The Iu6pector, from liverpool for Montreal. April 24, in lat. 4. The Hrry of t2he West, from Newv Orleans for Liverpool, April 25, in. 1st. 37 N., long. 28W.43X., ong TheRoclkawny. fromNlewv Orleans lorLiverpool, the M'ataneeDaReef. be3ring ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~n S.i 25. 2des The Irarquis of Bute. bound W. M Aay 8, in lat. 47 N.. laO. 36W. The ren,from Liverpool for Bombay,1iayl2,in 3at. 43 N.. long; A lDne-ol-battl ship, supposed to be the Lndson, and ship No. 2sok 3d distinguaishing pendant, .U.aY 1-l. The Aliance of London, 49 d-s from Cantoi n 13 Rangoonr , for Falmonthr. M.arch 14. in 1t. 29S., lOng 43 B. The John Rbnks, from Bangoon for London, April 1, in lat. 31 S., long. 11 W. The Fleur de from Astle for Philadelphia, May 4, in 1at. 28 N., hong.I7W. ATlrge English steanmer, tLo ma*ted tyards on both), tao smoke slacl;s, and a hite bunt head, bound W., showeduo signals, May8, in. lat. 39 S., long. 31W. The Agnes Gar3and, from the nrpoltiuforBiverpoolt Aiarch 23, in. lSt. 32S., long. 14E. TheJamesGiab, fromBombayforLondon, Aprdc 0, in lat. 3 S., long. 19 W. The Fleer de Sud, April 13, from Nantes for MIontevideo and Beerbon,in].at.2N.,long. 21W. The Dinapore from london folr Cape Town, same d.ate. The Isabellh, from CaDao for Queenstow;n, out 42 days, Marcnh 7. In lmn. 57 S.,ong. 6iW TeElizalfoldermess, from Liverpool for Bathret. April 21, in lat. 4TheLeia, from Lodonfor Calcutta, March 11, in 1st 11 S.,. HIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDGE TEIS DAY. Morning .... 36 min. after 2 1 Afternoon ...... 32 mniu. after
DISTRIBUTION OF PBIZE IMONEY. (From Tuesday's Gactt&) London, May 17. fotice is hereby given to the officers and company ofHer ajesty's sloop Bittern, William Cormwallis 7dbham, Esq., A cting Commander, that their respective proportions~ of a snm of money reserved from the proceeds and tonnage bounties of the slave schooner Altrevida, captured on the Sd of September, 1843, to meet expected chargesat St. HUelena, will be payable at 22, Arundel-street, Strand, on. the 12th of June next, and during the three following months:
REwrsmBmoNX OF VOTnS Di SCOTLAND.-A bill has been brought in by the Lord-Advocate, Sir G. Grey, and Viscount Duncan, to amend the law for the registration of voters in Scotland. The duty of registration appears to bcmaimly thrown on the sheriff cler'ks and the county and burgh assessors. The valuation roll, made np by the assessor, will bo conclusive evidence of valuation, unless a greater be proved The sheriffs will hold courts of annual revision. [Advertisement.1-To Advertisers.-Ten Thousand Extr* Copies of the " Sunday Timnes" (the Iargestweelbd paper in eglaud). on Sunday next, May25, in addition to its already greatly inmeea circulation, wi be forwarded to Syduey. AustraMi, Idelbourne, New York, Boston, Philadelphia. the West Indies Paris, and the agricul. tura2 and nanufactunig districs in Einglanu Ireland, ad Seotland -containing all the latest news up to the eve of pnublication-Palmer'sTria2at the Old Bailey-Tips from the Stables-Betting and Advice on the Probable Vnners of the Derby and Oaks-Continuation of the IW0 GuineaWorel-therigbt for:the Championlship -Theatrical, Police, Law, Domestic, aud Parliamentary InteDigence-Agric atural Adrfcee -and News of the Pars. Chelmsford, and Bath Agrcultural and Im. PnementShos. Order the "Sunday Times" early of yoi rnesent. No extra charge is made for 8upplement, which is given weekly. Oflce, 103, Flect-street, London. [Advertisement.]-The " Observer" of Sunday mext, May25, wi publish a gratuitous Supplement, containing a full report of the Tral of William Palmer, for the alleged Rugeley Poiosn. The "Observer" contains full acoounts of every important event that occurs en the Saturday. as weU as a careful digestoSthenews or the -week, combined with original aricles. &c. lhe -31ondayOhserver." containing the muarkets and the news of Monday, up to5 o'elock, ispublished. tA o'clo2k. Price, stamped, 6d.; unstamped.id Oftice, 170, Strand. [Advertisement.lJ-The " Era," 1'amilv, Theatrical, Ma. sonic and Sporting NewTpaper. is the laruest iorWn in England, and next Saturda will contain Touchstones" Prophecy for winnes.of Derby andOar, withist of Starters. P.rder, Latest Betting, and every cunlar of this great national race meetig. Alo, coneloe of aTmer's Trial, the sentence. and verdict-The Budget-Snndayxualc in the Parks-Ladshipa of theBilletln;; System upon Licensed Vic. tuaUers-Theatricals of the day, and all ews of the week-Aquatics, Chess. Cricket. kc. Order of all news agetS, or scnd rixpoutage stamps to Frederic Ledger, " Era"-ollice, CatherSne-rtreet, Strand. [Advertisement."-The Queen v. Palmer."-Notile. -1 eonsecuenee of the unprecedented length of this trial the pub 7shers of Allen' Verbatim Itport (inquestion and answet)1SndY Sit posible to isuue itforIs., as announced. It wll therererebe pub. nshed in two parts. The evidence for the prosecution, now re.da Nabout200 pp.), price Is. The evidenceforthe Defence, also price 1. wiU be published the day after thedelirery ofthe verdict L J. Allen, W, Waick}-laue, Paternoster-row, or Cock&baw and YatesM HO-shoe Lirdcate-hill. Advertisement.}-Miss Jewasbur's New Novel, entitled " he Sorrows of Gentility." 2 vols. price 2s., is now ready at 'l the Libraies. Also.-2. " illiesleaf ."' the coluding saes in tle Iife of fargaretMaitianri, lXew edAtino, 1 IoL 16. 3. " Jeob llalifss, Sentleman" br the au.thorofthe "Headot the1a.)ill.y. &c., 3 ,ok 4. "odemu Society in llome,"rlby. B. Bes, X.. autbo, of ." The Wabash," 3 vo.s. &. "1~srgaret aua herBrit4es- sid" by the-author of "Woman' Derotion,- Ii oJlSu G. " Rcu and Besucy; or,the- Young Brores," roin Bores anulBlacklt.N g;Ppjthem supeecilSrb to itenr ColhOnl.
SALES -BY AUCTION{. The Iodge. Carshalton, Snrxey.-Sale ThisDay. MUESSRS. DAWSON and KNIGHT will offer by 1 J public AUCTION, upon the above Premnsea, TO-DAY. Xay 21, at 12 precisely. the remainder of the elegant and mnodern HOUEIHOLD 1FURIMUTlRE and EFFECTS in and about the above house and premises. This day's sale will comprise sundry bed roome, dining roomn, library, kitchen and ollirex hall and stafrcase, conservatory and greenhouse, book}, about 10 dozen of choicenwines, some fine plants, an in-calf Aldeney cow, a 0se iD pig, sundry garden implemlents and othereffects. Catalogues may be had on thle premises: and of the auctiodeers, 47, Mortimler-street. Ca,endish-sqnsre. London. Train from Loudon-bridge to Carshal'zle (Croydon line), the Lodge being19 Iminutes' waldk freintlee station. )tanklrruLey and Deneral Clearano6s Sale, jM1ESSP.S. DAVIS and JOHNST-ONE will SBLL bYAUCTION. aLt the Rooto, 28. Chancery-laue. on Monday, oinpidsdig several hnrged voaluuad abofuetadr ritCsh boks Z ami~ Ma~ e viwed n da preein Rosdmorn.igofbalceryInv,an cTaeneef, May27 a I fo 1. heexcellet STOCK ot-A FANIly 'IMPORTER, Coinrieg upard of150 Anierican and Dntc lrc3(k, together with a eustit ofweght, cain. endlum, aidtlookmaLk.Ps snaterias, a fewbarmetrs.a wll-eletedassrtmntof stationery, comprisn forignpos, nte,andother lyapers. enivelopes piens, ink, pencils and Othr iemsofthi decrption of stock, an extensive collection of china andglas wre.conistng f uwars o 0dozen wino glAascas, 12 dozn dcater, lngr gases,eonecioni'tableornamenta,plsteaus. to.;als a vry sefu stc~ o truserngs andttings, in doesidna andngoas,sumer estngsof ashereendmareila.and the usual tailr'.srimning; lkewie asnal quatit of olice fittings and farnitre.a mhogny ined ardobe an ahail clock. May be vieed n mrnig o sae. nd ataogus otaied on the premises; Mewss Str*alsa andCosltuupy.TeAhrtEte,na -ork`ieg, Surrey, Mi~ESSRS. DAVIS and-JOHNSTONE beg-to an- Il ounce that they are instructed by the A&ssgnses of Messrs. Strahsn.Pauul.IsailEtee.andawith tbeconcurreneceof the Mo0rtgageei. to SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's. on Friday, June 20thi, at 12, the important and ornamental EfiTATE, known as Aahuret, other. wise High Ashurst. with ittseauttf ul vlla residence, late the seat 01 Mr. Straban. delightfully situate in a mos~t pictureeque country shout fiv,e ml.ssfrom Epoin. and three from Dorking. Surreby. The estate is frehod, ealy llland-tax redleemed, and a portion free from great tithes, and comprises 682 acresof earble, meadow,wood. and other ocusmentsllanid. There are 2complete faa.in homeetesas~in meet cubstantlal. repair, end a third used for the gamnekeeier's quarters. The reidence. stands upou the brow of a hill. sheltered from the naorth and east, and. although at a great elevation, is apprnosebed by -an easy trotting-road. The accoam avolationa afforded are 24 principal said second2ny chaniber.- dressing rooms and nurseri es. ladies' boudoir openairng oto a delightful conservatory, a gentlemaLn's study, aT ver uiqUeL druwing'-room ooem. munirstingwith the libray a pcosbl ad billird room, and a lofty dininig room ; the doetcfcsaeof'S a moat comnplete cbs' -rooter, andocontain eVer appointmaent requisite for anohiemaer'*lr gnu. tlemad's seat: at the rerof the domestic otfices arethe tablbg, coacht. houses, laundlry, and other out-oflices. The ladies' conservatory opens upon the flower garden, beautifolly laid out in parterres- anid terraces5 comatandirag most bxteasiTe and delightful VIeWS oTer this picturesque cpotien of Surrey,. - There are also orangeriis andl graperles anid a ro ductiye kitchen garden The whole of thelprop)erty is inband t, a s like most of the neighbouring estates,fanned ornamentaly by.theproupgvictor. Particulars are in oDurse of preparation, and way he obtained by application to William Bell, Esq., ofticial assignee, 3, Colemnan. street'bulldings: of J. T. CDokuey,Resq., solicitor. 5, Lamb's Conduitplace ' of Messre. oawrence. Plews, anda Boyer. solcictors. 14, Old Jewry. ehsni6ers, London' of G Cartr Morrison. Fse,, solicitor, Relgate; at the Mart; and of tre auctloneera. 68. Mark-lane; London.- - Eligible Leaseholds, for uvmstument.-4outhwaa'k.- MUESSRS. DAVIS and JOHNSTONE are instructed .A.to BELL by AUCTION,nat iara-away's, onu Friday, June2D, at 12, a desirsble LEAISEtUOLD ESTATE; comnprising two houses, with shops,i No. S arid 9, Church-street, Southwarlk. 'and six brick-built dwellng-houses,in Bang~or-coulrt, adjoin)ing, atnd produicinig ttrodei-ate rents 170 er annum, and held for ateenmof which.151,yearswereinexpired at Ledy-daylast, Ma be view,edby permiqssionof the tenants, and particulars obtained of - essrs. Luniley anid Lum.ley, solicitors, 41, Ludgate-strect: and of the auictioneers, 68, Mlark-lane.-- Sale of Life A&unuittes.-Unde ERanikrrpicy M ESSRS. DAVIS and JOHNSTO~NE are in- strueted by the Assignees of lifr. JohnVirtuie to SELL by AUCTlON. at Garraway's. on Frday, Jtne 20. atl12. TWO LIFE A&%NRUTTIlain,oua:ting to 13 perannum.,payable duin-tg thejobitatid several lie f tw persons, aged 57 anid 58 respectively.- Particulars may he obtained at theo Mart: of Win. Bell. Esq.. official assignee 3, Colemian. street-buildings ; of Meser. Feacer and May. 78, Dean-street, Srho; and of theauctioneers,468, Mark-lane. - Tire urniture and Effects of AShuret Mansif)u_ 1%]ESSRS.DAVIS and JOHNSTONE have been Minstructed by the Aeaignees of Mes,srs.. Straban anid Co. to SELL by AUCTION, on the brnisi. on M day. June 21. asucL following days, at 11 fer 1, eaUcrda,olthe costly APPOINTMMENTS of Mir. Strahsanes country residence, comuprising the complete equipments of 24 principal and secondary chambers :-Mahogany, dining room andl drawingroom suitoe,elaborate car sings in wood,bhyRogera.for the ladies' boudoir, slate billiard table, valuablehaUelocok, Brussels and velvet carpeting, damask and chifitz draperies, brilliant p late chimney and pier glasses, valuable paintings and water colour drawings, an extensive librry f eole boks,sidboad o moernplate. Sdirres a6nd Dresden chin, rch ut-los, clla ofexcllet wne;the fittings of domestic offces ho-hose lats,andmisellneos ffects. May he viewed thre day prcedig sle, y caaloues,i,ea, to be obtained of Willim Bel, Es, oficia assinee,3,aClea-rtreet-bulldings; of Messs. Lweane, Pews.and coye. soicitrs,14, Old Jewr -cat bers Lodon;at he Vint Hore.Deckng;andof the auctioneers, This Day-Rte Jonn Shirley, an Insolvent.-Croyaon. Surrey MR. ROBERT REID wvil SELL by AUCTION, AlbY order of the P'rovisonal Assignee, on the Fremises, 61.,New Woddon-road, n3ear the Croydon Railway Station. TaIS -DAY,lMay smaT IDwll StcofaBidrcossigfdea boads qartering tRains M Getbarlborough-street. onor rc y tire STOCK of a C'LOTkIIEIt comprisn blcalt rc nd dress coats,.pilot over-coata,vleen oeknn cordcoats and jakets, cloth, doe, cord. and ml rues ik oekn sleeve, and other waistcoat's, shirts, s.C. Ma evewd aalge ay be had First-class5 Inetet,D euoir-town. liJR.JLUKINwil SLL by AUCTION, at roa. le Banvir-o',n, et o rspetabe tern)eqan l to frenthaount bing to 20 pr anum,helddirct fomB. B,De Beauvoir, Rsn., thefre frehldr,atlo goud ens.Ma bvewd.PaTIcul ars ofhe 10. Bdcklecebucy. cityut Exceley idinlyeli . Huesgible Ivsmn for the tro,eulofehold, ein hedatio af reppectrabdiectfo t.D ieten;augor,ega,the fruee bolder.nmi liR. I.LUA MA ill E LLb AUCTTION, at intuthed i o art ETun 5 att l. Ma c . o mpc ESTATEi, comprising threeT well. wiHOcaita cOac ih-house-endurtabsn, enclosa galuable plot ofgr ousd m the rea, producingterarenta Nof. 11t 0, perliannume, butdhc ios. cpable buibein1 yardeatsincreasedr Mayg esaUh inewed. Particulars of JohMat thews, IEast, solicitor,8. Bauswicghplalsireytroand ofz theesautioeer 10,n MR.. MARMALDUKE MATTHREWVS wisl SELLtucte jyi' L attie Mart. To-morr -ow,M 2 ay2 , FORbiln TW aEdT FAREHOLDHOSES, with foe-ortofteoies, enoskpedpare,desins,ed. ,i.fos. gete tomi,Francis-coterace. Nos 11etoe2, welliufintgto-sretund for . fortoh5, inPobdect-reeadSt Leoard'hose-road, Brothmis,astationSi commesnding atmalletnesy i'nchiedof twotersants, fowromistproimit tod the dock,maip-e buin~ yarase, stand ottheroero large-esablsmns Pard ticAulasrsofadh MWanls,orha, ;Tobtr.Busick-pulace CityNoma-roAd Bow h ett; andTw atMr.attthewse ofices. Old Jew ey. WaThe mstaes ow,th lanteMrthJ.and Mtaidn,gurey. MESS RS.MPRIADKET MaTdSENS bell SELL atouc CASE,aw thep,arteo thesjoiner' tor T REAre,dsge for gen&E,bvlliitee Cem-ntract.o hed cotaeresiDEnc AES, wt suiensgolndat forefnturtothrs ineProspect-oad, Msatewrk-ose-oad4, Wauthampston-;Slixouses ohncery Fcmletey-finised, tw FeotheRssinsfrde stae, and'the remlaindsyero icarciesc,sturte. atithe1a corerp of Park-te roadeodrty.fh An'srad, Tandowortlui; Herric~ng, Hoss Nra-oa, o; n.w brckanusaed Crsswith groundct forstwo DS OSOFthers narbthe dsrailwa REns.Paticlar at AUTheONearet m tothe-bat rndespectie proeris of a G12F. Thudson Faquab, esolictor,mustlerabuly sitate ath Mart;and, at hlr. neartohw TrinityChurb Olinewey. ut flfdlee.Cmadn Tireght Estates o fe Canwo,thelaeaMrtJ of StheFrange. nfild andtheajcn ESSR untry.EThe rendeSnSe bseeganto annosubtnceal and that o thverlyeareistrce pat TRee T for thpSd by P.B e rivg, tes. Cotact,l ofesdadcmrie,o the chEILETAE,uslam therefor,gxrntaclponl badchamber-an fielsegantFeel Remsiadence,einetheetaianinetple ofd wnarchitectre,swit ona the Ip gof ind, ther wl propery ofrthoedlt etharowerhucll, Herring,oo 2 Reqtb. 8fe, eeatdawn m, vomuredawith byflinstdorutos,t IP EO the abrmedmesove desirabl6ee bR3 eSetEC. HbyrACTON at wvethdomesti onfedcesda, June 4,- ate 1nouThss vlaluabe estate, mosxtdeorabysgatery aitcRsten ad,oFnsleyd nert rntyCurcih, in tencloguntyof ricmeddwleaex, commaning and he ajacet contr. The residenc is frehld,egan pt andsustantgial biedcablers, Mdlesxo evnsomadwtrcoes pmoclpat Fand siueondary ectiress onpetyo the gon ltoo Thi awerll p eroprtioned Aentrncehll dnn roomCK fetT bynd feet,a'elgn daingtruc oms,b communicatingoby foldn doors,ACTONo the Prr i ensiosbeing a6 fEest eyd. fnebey. alirny and conv tenienthdomesticnofaces.fwll-owrngeday fatred, wt brew-houSedo,uniormperectiong badofe sabongandycariage houset, pleasure and se, constevatory,gcbert, kithe grawrdes pandg fam-ygaW arrdtobes.rwirhsanedsogae-o drichgmeadowland conthmain-e ing ,together wilh.r 'p.the estilcatberi reehosld,exepthaema sipin reqmurninguagoo icountydesidencey neartendigdinn.Maybhes,videwed byad,thickes,onlyes,anddetilner waggticai-s, drwitpln.' robtainedurn Facoussn-ostreet.ct;andtor-Mouessers.adfckettad ons,% aouctioneehars and land vcasoaluerbls,fineSoptamton-buildngs, andanier g1.larietan l5incley,MJddJsex~-The xcelent rell-manufactrdsmodern Fu-4a itLx n Efftects theproMargty rofd thlates Thrwe Bucklge. Herring, 1IiESSRS. MRANSETL and SLLOTT are hfavoured b LwitheExectersctionsELLo byeExAuCtIor, on thelt PremrisesatoEatend Fnele. n edesay,th 1thofJue.an foloin day 2, tore of plaIn desgn most substantially built, and well arrnged, conainngentane-hlvithgroined roof capitaldining room, drawing rom,and library, five Leee bed rooms,water-closet. be om,and complete domnestic office, with supplyof excelln water, detahdwash-house laundry and dairy; in enclosed buildlng: the whole in complete repair. Th ad consists of lawn, flowe garen. eado, an arab r lad,nllDl cres, Thoproperlsy mayb viwedby rdes frm te actinees.'Particulars, with view, mayhe ad t he uctonMar; o Mesr. -Walerand Pemberton MESSR. MANELL and ELLIOTT! are directed Tto SELL by AUCTION, at the Auction Mfart. THIS D)AY, MaY 21, at 121for 1, the medium-sized FAMAILY RESIDENCE with Eosseeio, delightfully and beautifully situate en the summit of the ~eath, on the rosd leadling across froam Roeairapton to King,ton-a-oad. and adjoining the MEarqfuis of Brictors estate. 'The house contains entrance-hall, dining room and drawing room, each 2tby 2A bealtfast room, five best bed rooms, tWo be6th rooms. ounry, ,two seranmts' bed rooms, two water-closets, anid two sarss;the domeatlr offices are complete for a full estblishmaent, and well suppiliedIwith water, and there is capital underground celisrae. Thq house lIs approached tharough a fore-court with carriage sweep, and in the a-ear are stabling for four horses, coach-house, three rooms and loft over, laundry, iand other out-buildings in enclosed yards. The prermses azeheld foran-un._ expired term of 10 years at the rent of 60 per annumn. May be viewed, adwlcnlars cams behad at the Kart: on the premises; and ofMsr.Manseliand Elliott, auctioneers Belirave-aquare, cornier, of Ifalkin.mmlace, sod 12, ilirchin-ina.e ceenhilL Harro-roo, Padingtn.-Tn net eightroe Hue,held on leaeefor90eas W3M. SELF and SON areintcedbtr Ee cu eters of the late Mr-. John Dikae oSL yAC TION, at the Mart, mear the Bakofbglan.o nss, Mai 27th, at 12 4o'lk. in twoilots,TO'ehtro dWELiu HO JSES, with forecourts and Yards, Io.4ad1,Crtntrae 'WODafleld-roa,i, Harrow-road, about on mile fromPadnt-gcn The houses have recently been let at A rentga 'of 16 pranmec butTare now onband. They are.held cyrlease for a tr faot Years, at thie respective ground rents of k,6 and 8 pe-r auinnu.Mye viWed and 'particeulars had of Mr. -Rudkiz, 17, CarIton-terce of Tomsa Wheatley, Ese., solicitor, 9, Bushs-lane, Cannon-srt,c ty:a-! theplace of sale: at the Salmo anB ,l,ethnal- resre;adof the ctlcoinoems 61, Civwn-ereet,FInsbury, heid-rad, MVAida4,llL I GR REEN 28Old Bond*street)'h%vere- IO~J~I~HOLD PRO4iulnsO usnryisdee of),aalbe ~,ostntiaU-bolt de cise fanuY coests most excellent and I fi;v i-lrse,knvme as Randolph-fibse, OstPsasftlsitusate iri ilomfnded-road, inz one of the nost * tie, heliby,fashonable, andacoceseible suburbg oftownh, with lace~rdmZ.-~O3Svatrr. greenhbouses. detached billiad room- avdbl,Perfiet.order. Thehousercoutainea etrance; pee-tao, stlss-p dining, drawing, and 'breakfat room,u, conI .. ir De chamers,bath room,i and Tery exoIellent oSilces, The gardn ma1-ido ouwit-h great tiste inlawinandproductliveborders, well of etenivestalin an a airof ills, aviiradepth-of lIi feet, wit acpitcI rotag toRanolp~rad,It-s hldfor an unexpired mayb obaind o )sear. Tompon,Delenhni,andBrown, solcictom, Sltefdiil,cit; a Oa-awy's an ofMees.Green. 28, Old North Wilts.. WIti four miles of three Market Towns.-Valnable Freehold 311norial Est&te, writa atone-buil Imansion, TImattiLonsl, *and Groiund,, and 535 acres of rich ArabUe and rasture in a ring fence wilts Entrance Lodge, Earns-house H,omestad and OcottagIa. APS9SR& - GREEN 208 O1d frsd-ztreet,) hv e soled nxracios t 8 by AUCTION, at Oar-away%s on WednesdaLy, June 4. at- 12. (unless in the meantime didposed-of], theyaluablo )1AXORIAL ESTATE (freehold, arid land-tax redeemed,j of Blusseden St. Andrew, pleasantl.y situate witbln~. breie miles of the Swtindon Station. and about four miles froma the market towns cit Swindee arcW%ind lllghwort-h, comprishuir the reeldenoe knownsas Blmmade IXcuse approached, by an entrance lodge, and delightfullY Placed on the southern slope of Eluonaden-Imill. commanding extensive and Taried viewsa. wilg fr-h.us,- homestead, and cottaees, snd 535 acres of sich axable ana Pasture land,. In ann tenioe surenmded by excellent- roads, and producing a rental of abou.It 5608 per annum. beisides the manadon. olfaeZ gardens, and plantations, whibh are in hand. This property oilers a PitAlinTeet-ent,and pre& wnuta besdes many akttraction, for resid. Vo. esnetall to a. aliortsmul, being situatednthceteote .. H.. ulnt, and within eaw reachiof thelnkeo!tBeaufort'eadhBr-h iudadfhpi. cipsi statIon on theGroat w s builinsaeaUi good epai, theland in ecellnt tunder th occupation of a hihlyresectbleandresonsbletennt.Particulars may be obtaind atGarrways; o Mesme. ailngs,Daubny,and Cltimbb, soll- citos, ireseser; nd f Mssr. Grenrsiaesgutsand Auctioneers, - Fetaham Lodge, nleari "qerhea4_-Tbe. excellent Furniture, two- -prrmno Cair, Pmlr-I4seel Omntibus or &oclable,-Bnrtzaka,_RZs Car, sd u-doorL es M ESSRS..- GREEN-(28, -01M. Bondstrdt bsxig 6ieseposed Oft-be estate, wiIt-SE .bAUCTToX, !hpon fhe P_rl-~ miescs. Fetocham. Lodge. teer Leatherhead onI'cidav ie6 stfs lowing das Ut12, all-the excellent-HOUSl r)L JtfIneTI*T1UtRfTurkey Mn Brsescrpets, chintr windowl hangings, fine-toned -aurpi4noicrte bY todart. time-piece by Barwibe, china, ornamental an omncrous snisceLaneoson items, a few picture suad books, powerful micrscoe, hin an glss,cass ad bewig uensls,garden seats. shooirers. o8.OldBand-eedet-reet.ccsgrattih free. 1I ESSRS. GREEN (28, Old Bond-street) have re- itkceived inst-ructions to SELL by AUCTION, a4t Garraway's, on Wednesday, June 25. at 12 lunless in the meantime, disposed of), the akbove capital FREEHOLD MEANORIAL ESTATE, consisting of the excellent famlly residence, known as Hordle House, isitli its garilens, lodges, te, "rcently occupied by thelate Dr. Chamlsers, with capital farn-hiouse, homesteads oDttages. and about S00 acres of land, within easy repch of Lymnswton as5d thme lIrockeahuxet Btation The agricultural lands are he the Goccupation Ots respecta'ble tenant upona a yearly bo!ding, and in addition thereto, the estate comnplises an extent Of Ise-a beach, extending from Hordie Cliff towards iust- Casleo Ti pro perty combines a good investment, with an aidmimble -country and marine residence, having great facilites for Twachtin, bunting, wild fowl andother shooting, and the neighblourin)gcountry aboundingwit-i gentleme4hs seals. The house is appsroached. y tWo. entrance lodges, and is Placed upon abold lawn extending to the.e faand opposite to the Isleof Wight and the Needles,of which it commanjdsunintearrupted view, ein-cin alo Yrmoth,Hurt -~osls,the pretty village of Milord an th ton ad by o Chiathurb.Lyminghork is withsin 4 mils, ndit s cnfdenly ntciptedtht te ailway wil soon be ex- Th-e important Freehold Estate and: Manor of %tdinghaurst, about sevenTmiles from Guldford rinabhighly ri' contr *IjISSRS. GREEN (28, OU&13omd-itreet) will SELL Vby AUCTION. at Gtlrraway's (in Wednesday, July-S. at 12, Lulesa in the mnean titme disposed oil,' the- v-aluable,and important uRnEEHOLD ESTATE and MANOR of E,YDIXGEUMIT, situate on rhe road to Brighton, five miles from Sh'alford, fivefronreGodalrulig .savan from Guildford, and in the most pcicuresqlue -part of the county of inr'ey cnsitiaof n scdsin ad very compact fanalUyrcaideLce, of Ellrbetlmsnarehitecture.-possessmng-every accommodation fora gen-- tiemun' famifly, with execelent stabling, newly-erected entrance lo.dge and bailiff's residence, conservatory, green anid forcing houses all in tho most perfect. order. standing on high groundt, in r3eh pa-rk-like land, comnanldilag exteneive anad beauitiful 'eiews, and a highly cultivated andc well-timbered domain of nearly l,30o acre, with complete and extensive homesteads, a portion of the estate being at Pro, sent isn hand, and the residue in the occupatioa of. responiuble tenants, hut the rental of the whole rnsy be esctima-ted at nearly 1.300 per annum. The mansion is in every way sit-athe to the- estate, hot anid cold water is laid on to thne best bed chambers, and it has recently been fittd u andmbelised trouhou in he ostcompeteandperfectmannr. Te pcasue grund areof mderte et-emt, nd tereis a poice solcitor, Guldior; Mefes, mallebco nd Dwn, olicitors, flokin; ndo Mesr. Geen etat aSat an autinees,28, Old Leasehold Estath6 of Jr aae o. eesd rdcn a rental of ~JR. GEO. H N S ssecveistcios from 121 the Executors to SELLby AUCTION,; at Garrawy's on Tuesday. Junel3, at 12, in 13 loin, the followinIg WEILIN-lO'USES. held at g3round rents fur long terms, vt-c. :-No. 52, Uper North-place, aud No. 21. Gough-street-, Gray's-inn-lane ; Nos. 5 endS1, Southamptonbe,idinige, Holbomn; N.. 65 Arlington-street, Camden-town ; Nos, 17 and 18, Clarence-road, Kentishb-town; 'No. 32, Myddelton-street, Nos. 57, 58, and 60. S-3acer-street, and No. S Northampyton-square, Clerkenwell; and No. 7. Gray's-inni-terrace, Iday be viewed by permission of the temlants. Particulars on the premisets; place of sale ; of Messrs. Uhurbia and Son, solicitors, 9, Bedford-row; of Mlessr. Haines and Son, auctioneers, Moorgate-nireet, city ; and at the auctioneer's offices, Grosvenor-street west, Eaton-square and 12. High-street. Kensington. FPreehold Ground Recitg and Houses Gravefeud GER~~~O. HAINES annouances for SAL'E by 3ACTO.N. at Garraway's on Tuesday, June 3, at 12, in iS1lets, FREEHOLD GROUND RENTS of LI36 9s. per -annum, securedlon15 dwelling-houses, situate Nos I to IL, Arthur-street, and Nes.-25, 10, 31, sad 18. Niine-elms-grove- also 32 -Freehold Houses, situate the corner of Arthiur-street, and In Loevel'a grove, Grav6esnd, prodch,g retal f-L3spe annm. Ay-b viiewed, Particulars M ESCoa Slan.ciy oD Mr. Smt, utoer rvsn;o ess LLthe Mortgagee lender a power.of sale) to SL yAeTO~ at thse Mart, on Wvednesday, June 4, at 12, aL desrbeF HL PROPERTY, with possession, comprising a prett eahdrsdne know-n a, Shrub's-hill Cottage, very pleasantystaetSung-il a short distance from Windsor-park, andwtinafwbutswlko the Broomhall Railway Station, havig large adwi-tce ri and flowver gardens coach-house, stable, cow-house, and other outbuildlings;, and a Cottage, at the side of the above, containing fear room,wih wash-house and yard, The whole' prwsenting a frontage tot-he road of 100 feet-by adept'o of about 300 feet. 'To boviewed by permission of the present tenant, whose tenancy expiresatMlidsummner and part'Iculars had (11 days prior tot-he sale) of MEr. Sawbri-dge, sol. cit-or. 126, Wood-street, Cheapside : at the prilncipal inns at Windsor and St4e; at the Mart; and of Messrs. D. S. Bakeor and Son, 107, UpeNr2,Islinicton. IFreeold PoetatSvenloaks, inth countyr of Kent. M ~ESSRS. D. S. AK rlsd SON have ieceived in- LLStroficion, toD 8ET by A'UCTION, at thoeMart, on Wednesday, Junoi 4 at- 12, adesralPlESHOLD) ESTATE, sit-asto in the Highsstreet, at-Sovenoiahe copiiga xelnt fatmily residence, w-it-Is large carriage showroo,adsdir front shop, a, large "yard, three stall stable, anid extesv ranges,cof workshpssfor smithb,. iheel- wrgt-s. trimmners painters and ot-kers engaged in the coach building tgrvadewhich has been established there f or manly, years. let-on lease, to M4r. Simmnons, at arent-ot 75 Per annuma, and- a dwelling-house cud10mai0g, containing seven rooms, with ssde cot-more, let to Mlr. Mfoore, at-a renit of 2Z1 a year; the whole producing a rental of 499 -per annuma, andI aSords a favourabole opportuntity for a safe investmentL Tlie premilses maybe viewed by permission ofthe'tcnants,% ndprinted descriptive particulars, with ground Plan, miay- be obtained of Messrs. Chiester. Toulmiin, and Chester. solicitors, Staple-ion,. Holborn ; at-tbme Crown Inn, Sevendoals, at the Greyhound, Cr01-don; at the White Hart,-Blromcley; at the ~iart; and of-Messr.. D. .BkradSn 107, Upper-street. j - - - SgDkeoad os Chelsea.-Leasehold Dwellinge-hou. .1/ DODD) is instructed to SELL by AUCOTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday, June 1I, at 12. a aix-roomed DWVELLTh 0-HOUSE and PREMIlSES, 15, Elizabeth-street, Chtist- hurch. Chelsea, held on lease for a ter of 96 years fromn Christ-mass 1853. at a ground rent of 3 10s, per annum. Immediate poaserinn can be given, Particulars and conditions of sale may be had of ,L D. F- oey, Esq., solicitor. 6, Puroival's-munn; and of Wr. Dodd, surveyor, &C., 16, New Broad-st-rest, cily. Cat-land's-park, aboutone mile frmmthe Wlo Station on the South. Western Railway, 20 acres of Freehol Ground, with four acres of -Ornamental Watr, int the meeft picturuesinopart of Oat-land's-park, comamanding extensive and delightful asews of the surroundin eount-ry, ofrering asuite seldoma equalled for a mansionor villas. M~R. DODD is instructed by the Mortgmgees to L.SEL.L by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday, Junoe18. at 12,, in one lot-, 20 acres of LAND situiate in Oatlaud's-ark. having frontages out-he south and 'west to diat-land's Drive and asle, both ox. cet:ent roads; anldekirted',on the nort-h'by the Broadwater lake, about four acre of which belon to theproperty. The south port-ionof the grund is cultivated as garen the nortli'part- is park-lil-c, and divided frM. the garden by a plantation of ornament-al timber and sahrubs. From the elevated portion of the land, which slopes to the lake, there ame extensive views of the surrounding country and rirer Thaames and the whole Is beautifully timbered w,ith cedars and porple beeches of large growth, Scotch firs, and other choice trees; there in also an ornamenital ruin of%aRoman temple, Asasidte for amansion or villasthis prperty cannot besurassd ; the drysegs of the soil supply of water, beuI,y of the scenery, lance from town, and railway accommodation combine to sender it peculiaLrly eligible.coDnfirmed by the increase of buildintgsof %asuperior classin thelocalIty. May beviewed byapplicstiont to Air. Cousins, on - the property, and Particulars and condition, ofsasle,with Plans, - ay be hadat he principal- ixnn,at-Walton and Webrmdge ;of Messrs Bent-ton and Vose.Town-hall. Bethoatl-green ; at-Is teMart;and of Sr. Dodd. surveyor, to., 16,NewBrosd-street,city 9 IInbg-sret,Wr vick-square, Pimnisoo,on the Belgravia Estate. - -Csmsital substantial Furnitu3reand Effects . 14.0.BEST hib received instructions from J. G. .L.Mayhew. Esq., to DISPOSE OF by AUCTION, on Tuesdasy, ltita 27,- ~at 12 for I, the FURNITURE and EFFE4CTS of the abov-e residence, comprisin" Arabiani, four-post, and iron bedsteads, beds and bedding, toilet and aieval glasses, marble-top. washstands and dressing tables, wardrobes, dIravwers. &c. ; the drawing room in furnishled, in waliut,'coveirdminhandsomne French silk- damask (cimsannand gold),1 comprising a suite of 12 chairs, two lounges, two easy chairs, loo. card, and OccetiosinR tables; chiasney glasses, girandolec&engra~ings. and ornamental items, bronzes, &c.: -the dining room of Spanish mahlog-any chairs, covered inmococco, diningtables, sideboard, openbookease, &c., tho domestic offices are afllftted up with theeasuarequisitee. Onaie Mondayand rmorning of sale. Catsloguhs on thepremises; of G. J.. Mayhw, sq. solcitr, 0, Great George-street, Westminster; and of nouto 3gelgravia.-Valuable and eligibleProfessionalResidence situnte at- the corner of Denbigh-street, Warwick-square, Pimlico. G. BESTOF has received instructions to DIS- ,T03Oby AUCTION., on the premises,otiTuesday, May21 at 2folthevaluable LEASEHOLD ESTATE heldforatermofl yearsfromLady-day lastut a groundremit of 9. which widreadily let at the estimated rental of z75, The premises havo been occupied in themriedicallrofession, andhavea surgery together with tboappropriate htfings. The attention of professional ard medical gentlemen is espscially calledin toibs property, as it ofrers peculiar advantages on this highly valuable and'mr mweslote, For furtherparticulars and inspection of lease apply tOG 3 Mayhew, Bsq, solicitori. 30, Great Georgc-etreet, Westminster. and of the auteonser, 5, Rochester-terrace, Va mhall-bridge-road.' - - Excelknt Modern Furniture, Suites of Curtains, Grand and Cottage Pianofortes GUMs. Oarpets, China, amid decorative Objects, PHILLIPS is instructed to SELL by AUC- T-PTION, at-his greatroo S-Nw Bond-street. on Monday. 2Sth iUBt.. i at I o'clock Precisely, EXCELiLENT FlfBN-ITURE and IWE.EMT Consisting of a dr3rawig rooma EiMt ine rmood and vralnut Vrood, covered with crimson silk, and curtains to correspond, biibl and marqueteri, cabinets, and deoratitve china. two piauofortes of briliant tono in roes-ood case pier aud chimney glasses, nearly tfew Axminster and Brussels carpets4 a set of superior Spanish -mahoganyr dinin-tab les. noble sideboard with Plate- wed ander pot er wDrSes, cts off drawers,rwashoat d toilet-tatles du g, dressig and cheval glas, carpets and curtains, china and glass lare, and otherAuct effects. -d y bo viewded SJturrday. Precedug the sal, and catalogues then hail, Richnond, Sorrey.-Thc Stichniced brewrery, Ima and Pnblio-houses. -jIn conseoqenco of this estaten not being sold as anentiretyout-ne - MgR . PI G OTT is i.nstrCted by the Mortgage es,- Iunder powver of sale, to offer it-for abseolute SALE in separate ant conditions of sale may be obtained at the Aution Mfart; of -Mesmas Rietmardsaad Son, solicitors, 2, Crowvn-court, Olt fros,d-streett of WlllanSmthe, Esq., solicitor, 1i. Serle-etrost, Lincoin's-tan; oi Miesas,s J. and C. Allen, solicitors, 17, Carlie street-, Soho; of Messrs. Toke, Hallowes, and Prices, solictors. 39, Bedford-rowf: of Thomnas HayterLewsd Es., urchutect. 9, John.street, Adelphi Lndon: and eof .fr. Pigott, auctioneer, valuer, and awt3te ag George^s Profit RaritoftllOje annun.for 34 yaw. Oni tse Growor Ebtate. MR. ELGOOD Wil SELI, at the Mwt, art Tuesday, M ujzJne3.by order of the Executorm oflt . iwtlch Esq, qZee,-, iniej-jt, wel-itat HLR 5LDU BIT"Bof'7HOuns-Eg 8ELOPS. A,-. 30 and 31, North-row. 2North Audley-atneet, and Weavex'a pl*,ceadjoining. le-t toood tenantsat sederatereots,3ad prodoeteg. secure net rental, of 150 Per asinine.- nnexvixed teahj ;1 years. Harding. 3.ctos by GeaR&ent-Lt) mtMr.ggood's odioe. ELGOOID WMl SELrL, at theM3art, onl Tuesday~ u 3byodrorttbe Executors oif lL's. _ tmthe deeaed eligible LEASEHOLD) PROX'l2lTY. comprijinf prsepitclse fetn t's- pa rk. ke.. b-sid Icor I 8 yc . ai iV p er sum unt, anda recen'w tl1y- le t &, net sto.fr70rperLum,bmake for the wholeterm, tatlow ied.uced net t tf 7 pe arum,thelessee baving put the ptesnlfeaintoze pi Patichenrvleueady,at the Mart; of Xt. B,AndaL,56; Welbmk-street ; aud -f Mlr. Elgood,l. W impole-street. Harley House, New-road, R-e-en~arh. ELGOODisin-structed to SELL byAUCTION~ W-IC Weay,ead, Sri C n dI ollowiiig da Y, tlhje capita FU 1 TURE and EFE 'TS necloding brat aud other bedeeadi and bed,dssg suerir wigedandothr wadroei.andchamber siticles. ini aenral a aretyor rawngroofuritoe.but not a complete suite. glase. lmp~ oenaliem, dnig romandlibrary furnitureof Fnotu Seml.grand -and tiabinet NESRS. LCWODiSE.biUCl, Premis P es,9, Montagisjs-ce Motgsaqae n rtr day nei~ 31 2 tl pucual- al h. genun n eimnfc tured BOlFiHdl1OFUIIfIUEE coprisig four-post and other bedsteads, good bedding, wardrobes, .chesta of drniwess washeAtade, chieval and toilet glasses. andt-beusunalbed ehambei-appendages drawiug room finsiture in roewood, conisiting of indulgent and ot'err chairs lao. card,. end Occasiona,l tab' es, touches~ anid settees covere-d insilk, clieffonter, cdhimnney-glassea, a 68j grand pianoforte by Stodd,rt.a cabinet ptanoiore.einrOsew-oodcmae, ac;dluiinog room furniture consists of pedestal sideboard, telescope diniing table, 12 mahogany chairn in lether, indulgent cbtirr, soaJufa leather., librArsytable. Brussei-s CarPats, a few oil Paintings and eirarings, aboijt,l3w.vols. f hoo,ks,0 or unamental items, and, numerous rasellancoeja efecs. -ve th daYrrecedingthesnle, when cWaalgues may be obtaind ou~tho-~reinasea; and at thle Qffces oftbe auctsoiaere, 1, Barwood-plae HyPark,'and.44,Uppet Baker-street. am -e iASSR-S, LOCKWOOD are instructedl bV the LYL Mortgagees to -SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Fkl'lav, June 210, at I Pnnctuall~, a iubstantialBy-erected detached RtfSI- DNOIt,artuste in the choiest Part of and being No. 49. Hamiltonterrace, the best and mostfavooritepotion in the whole vicinity: contains 10 bed rooms, dressing and bathrxooms. four reception rooms,.lie. It ia held for a lonig term direct' :From, the Barrw School, at the low ground rent of;8 per aninum, became. vacanit at Lady-day, and is of thle estimated annual value cf 160. May be viewed, and Psrinted. Particilars obtained., 14 days befora thecale, at the Mart; OMW. AdL Hinett. E&sq.,.2.-Raymond-bmdidmgsj and at--the oflsees f-tbe- auctioneers,-iBorwOod-Place, Hrde-park4 and 44. Upper'Bakec-street. St. aon'-wood.-Cnringsqff -tilVll Itesii4ce w'ith earxly Poffiesalon; - MESSRS. LOCKWOOD are directecl by .tbe Mortgaseetosnbitfornbllo4~, athe art, oni Fxiday.June 20 at I punctually,h ver sup-rieoriy ereteddetachedVlLL,A IECI- ki'CLnown as St.eGyeorge's Lodge,. deliehtfully. situate and being No. 20. Slarlborough-hilt, St. Johnx'a-woqd. 'the bighest posi tion of the whole locality, commainding views of the suerundin untry.- I stands in a large gaMdan surrounded by brsialstn vlal frontageo<Bridge.road,-revalunabllen pprunt fe ere the Mrt~ f W. .Bentt. Eq., , Iiamondbuildncs,Gory's-inn - 44. Upper Raiser-treet. Pl~cO, Bi'e-par'k. and Furniture, ReosiiagStockof )r,adsieGre,Vss -iiLLat hi greaBoom,410. Ofr-tet ecIh-qae o morrowlumday)thec22d at-l DRPIkTOH ..Iun calices, onscoths poits, ambrcs i. ;a1soasomneooebl furtnr, 1 atifnslstne ardn ases and an extr arefire-proof - . .No. 16, stock Orhadceen,olw y MR. A. BOOTH wmISLL AUCTION, ,at the ittMat. TO-11orrow, Way 22, ase-dtcd EDXC being 16, Stock Qrchard-=rec=%et aleoss-od es 0yas Ground rent 8. 1Let to a bigbly respetbetenatt42spe anunum; &taybe view, Patcuasa-heMrt: ano r ba haw Booth, auctioneradeat-gn, 1, Carlto-ilVla.adn rmd,'.oppositctheBrcnoAms- TQ Tnibr Mrchnts Cubinuetn krs,. tpecars, tamIldas,4 aso.. (NLAY and Co. will SELL byUTON, on the 'a Premises, New mcr, Broadway, Cranra.Soeic,o Moday. May 26, at 11 precisely, by order of y,.Z:,Mthl,woi relin4uishing the Premises and removinig eintrlto1,Cmoi-od a fir,l Portion of his excellent and weli-saoe tCs ossigo HEnrln~uas, Spanish,.and Cuib.mahogang, inditces, lak,adods fine Americiar birch, roacwood, rebrasWod maid,adstisnd r pine deals, lie. ro be viewred two dayspreemoe t. adnte om of sale, when catalogues mlay be had on' the-rmss eda h ofliocs gf the auctioneer. .75. Old Brosd-stresit. city Caial'vestments.-Cambridg et sigo,ad Hawley Villas 1JR-T-TflTNS -will sELL by- AUCT-ION,-at the LVL Mart, on Tuesday, ay27. at 12, TWO substaintially-built HOUJSES, plesaugtly situate.484e. 0 amd 10, C~ambsidge-etret, Lowerroad,~ Islingtonj, let to hgighy respectable tenanti, at 66 and beld for about 66 yvears at af per annum:- also, %Nop. 4 an'd 6, Hawley Vilas, Cssnden-town, idthert,j let at 76- held 'or about 78 years. att low ground renta. -ezrticulare at the fd1ar; Of H. Quick, EB5q.. Elypilace ; and Mr. Tins's. oltires, iii Regent-street, and 5it Charlottestreet, Fitzroy-square. Furuiture. including Watnut Zan oeod Chars and Couches, Chiusney-glasses, Brusels and Kidderminster Carpets. Cheffor,ier, Picues, and Engravings, in maple frames, four diozen of Mrorocco SisRugs, Book's, Trinkets. Wyeighinig Machine, about 20 tons of Hdooo lion, and other Effecta, ?4Pr.- GODDARlD -will SELL by A'UCTION, at the ivz.Rooms, 244 Moorgate-street. To-morrow, MZay 22. ut 12. the, abOve ITEItS and other- AUSCELLA~NBOUS 'ROPERtTY. To be Viewed. Catalogues at- the rooms and at Mr. Gdadsofc~4 Coleman-street,. city,. Estate of about 50 acres, with asubstantia Residence, kcnown as MilliSed-bouse, surroundced by beautiul gardens, and ~well-timbered and (mark-lik gdun .1 bJfR FR D RC Op is izistmuactedlto SELL Y.khy p Ur O,etGrrwys THIS DAY, MaY 21, at 12, uns. -laPReO osydsoe fb rvt C-ontract,j the anwve desirble aRO eTY ofwihpitdn tcnaswt: iwsdplan of the estte re ow ead fo dstrbuton,andmaybe adof Samuel 1Lhis great Ro,8.Rg-tetCon-aden. on Fiay. 1fyd, at I precisey PIOOP~~, A RPAP.T asda other,mnrl rmSuhAei,ges n oihdseties viewed onthdapr ranmoigofal,adctlueha No. 3, lbosbuy.susr.~~yo amiiesFornislung, Furniture lR.G. H. MARTN n-mcl to SELL by LL AUCTION, on te aPemss,a above, on Monday next, the 2Gth tay, atl12, the superiorrzonde FIJR2NITURE and EF-FECT - incromprisingnhguulbe o andodesing room appointments.drw ingroo, dnin rom, andL Parlour suLites in mosewoo,d and mabogany, a small cellar of wrine, gasfittings, kitchen rqnites, and numerous effects. On view Fridas and Saturday priorr= an dom'go i.we caaousmaybhe had on th' prmse ndo r. G. H. Martin autoEer,, estate agent, and valuer. 84 and 85. Cowerosa-street, Smlithfield. and I0, QLambri0ge-terrnce, Middleton-road. Daleton Cider; Plort, Shery s-oWn ecats, HoteladTvr - eepers.AlBotesen othiers DAVID ALCLAN' RA S is instructedl to fr2SFLL ,S-AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Tujesday, june 3. at 1 frpreeisely.'tocover advancesmo.de,about 150 hogsheads=ofsp'erior JERSEY CIDER, in lots, to suit the cm'lnvexiece of purchasrs also about 20 dozen of fine old Port. and from 50 to 60 dozen of excelent Sherry; n3owlying at SPmingahls'wlharf, Rot'efMthe. at the Soutlh Coast Railway Station, flrickjaver's Arms, and a-t the Bedford.Pantechnbcon, Tottehabsm.court.roa& -Particularsand catalogusga my e had on ai. PlicationAto W-,yalmer, REq.1, solicitor, S. George-street, Eson-sqnare: at GaTraway's, where samples a'ss rmaybe seen: soad of Mr&. D. A. R1amsay, aucctioneer and estate aogens. lii. King WMilam-street. city. 1~fl(o.Brgto,and SoothCos 5jis-yCmpanY_ALrchm 24, M~.PE KE i dirctedby M1r. George Furness, SELL by AUCTIONT, on the Premises, as above, To-mrrow May22,at 12. (he having completed his, vamious engagemens wth hedsrctos,a c-onsiderable quantity of STUCK and 1SfPLEMENTSin-TRAEcom Prising an assortment, of timber, in large scatligs,plaks,deas,and battens, sawn and unsa~wn, 15.800 bricks, larg slae eabs,oofadstone paving, stols, qnanti.ty of large centres, usefu iro wor andmodlels, tthree ccilsital builder's caurts tn tmncj fiting an encosurs ofcarente's shaPe and stabling, . acapitel ric mahin andmorar illwith gearing complete, prepared joinr'swor, lddes, resles b barrows, scaffolding, pile-driving mncjne usfulstoe, nd the itms.May be viewed the morning of sle.acdcataogus bd atMr.Peas'soffices, 44, Toolel-str-eet, Hyde,' Iseo ih.yM.EWR MaVIN, at iirsHotel, Ryde onThula, the 12th day of June, at 5 o'clockr, ~HE ver vsuabe Propert, knownm as mount LHoue, ahandomede,achOd familyresidence. siten"te insa fine eleate pat o Rye,commanding extejisve sea views, con)taining moobedroos, r."sejroom, dining and drawing raooms, library, hrel.-astpalou, wthunusually complete dornestic offices, afourstal stale,coac-ho sewith coachIman's rooms and loftis ovcir, flower gardn, awnandteracewalks,, forming altogether a most conveni-ent andcomortbleseadderesidence for a large family. The tenure is leasbbl-for990yeas, ubject -to 616 per annum ground rent. Partculas ma be ad t the hotels at Rf-e, Cowe-,Prsouh n SouthAmpon: at the Auctiotn Mn.rt orfMessrs. H. and G. Lale aud KCendall, solicitors. 10, Lincoln's-a.nn- of Messrs. Cobb, sureyors and klad algents, 18 Ltnooln's-inn-flelds ! and of Mr.. Edward MAarvin the auctionieer. Ryde, of wh omu cards to "view maybe obtained. I Freelhold and Lweaseold Ground Rents, Houses mine' Builig Land. Rotberhithe, Horxon, Baverstock-bhlll Casmden-town, Holloway, and2Dalston. IM'eSPEI&RMAN -Wil SELL byv AUCTION, at M RteMart, O Tuesdaty, Jub10, at 12, irolots. a FRIEEHOLD GROUND REeNT of 17, secured Onsirxbousem five smalshouses and &Plot bf building ground for five h'ouses, in Deloam-road. New-road, Rotherhithe - two prtty leasehold houses, 24 -and 25, Baling-street, New North-road, xotOn, well tenanted; -two leasehold howesewith shops (one a coiner), 16 and 20, Ponisford-ferrace j%Maldon-road Baver. stoc-bil; ourgeneeliaseoldhoues Onefor occupationl, 30, 31, 5, . Whepst enaRectory; -Mear-Bury St;Edmund'd. MR. HEINRY NEWSON is favoured with instruc- tions to SELL by AUOTION. on Thursday, MAiay 29. unuIfollowing- days, the HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE Plate, Pictures, Fossils, Coins, Library, asd otherrerannal Effects of the Rev. Thomas Image, deenased. Te fossils and ininerals are a very fne colection. and include some of the best rpecimens of chalk, limestone, Oxford clay, Paris bason, and other foissils; a splendid cabinet of minerals, all beautifully deveioped, classified, end arranged, and rendered still more Taluable by the eminent scientific coQuirements aod bigh podston as a geologist ofthe late proprietor. The coins are not numerous, b3utthere isa very large asorted collection of provinclaltokens. The picturci include genuine works of Breughel Molinaer Schalsken Watteau Caracd - Morland Vauderneer Wouvermans I YArtols Ruysdel Wynants Zuscarell. Also a library of 1,500 volumes of scicntific works, embracing geology, botany, natural history, numismatics, &c. The general effects include 400 ounce of plate, all the household furniture, handsome brougham, and out-door effects. To be viewed on the 27th only, and ctaloguCs 8. eacb) maybe had on applcation to the auctioneer: atthe pnnripalinsin theneighbourhood; at the BedfordRotel,Covent-gardenor may be Peen at the ptblic hbraries and readiag roomB at Norwich, Ipswich, Cambridge, and Colchester. Valuable Preehold Estte tR , in the county of Sessex-By Mr. BUSEBY, At theVWhite Hart Inv. inLewes, intbe county of ussex, on Tuesday June17. at3intheafternsoo A LL that desirable Frechold Farnm, situte abont A seen milesfrom Leres. Lx from Hail-hanL andthreefrom the BerwicktStaodi-ou the Brigton and Haasting Railway, in the parishes of Ripe and Selmeston, within the Rape of Pevensey, in the county of Suessex, COmprisD= g l. Dr. 22p, be the same more or le, of exceUent arable, ea ow, and pashur land: together with all that ery supenor residence, belougig to the said farm, situate immediately oppoeite thechurchandpassoDage in the villge of Ripe, and aisotte farm. b u~ comprising barns, stable, cowhose, cttle lodges, pigery, cart a gonolodge, grnary and cottages for labourers. and gardens. The abovementioned farm andpremisesarenow, aundformany Years past havebeen in the occupation of Mr. WilUiam Holmden, as yearly teAnt,attheverylowrentofre374. The titheshavebeencomumuted, ad the land-tax redeemed. The estate will be sold subject to an sunul psyment of 51 12s.9d, during the lifa of a lady sged SO years in Junenet and also to an aumty of 10 during the life of A lady aged Sl years in fDe-ember next. The etate may be viewed on applicatinntotbnetenant: and plan, and particulars of the property msybehadattheBrisioj Hwotel, Brighton; or of the auctioneer, at Itusrington, or at hlis offices at L ewes, Arondel, and Worthing; of MAessrs. Clarke, Gray end Woodcock, soifera 20. Lincoln's-inn fields, I ondon - Moesra. Aorby, iowgood, and Tote, solUctors, 3, St. Swithin'6 lane, London; a-nd of ;Messrs. Savesy, Clark, and FsEll,< so licios, BritL, of Freehold Heoses, in the sit,risf '.ndno. in'lod, amhe omiup-u o.. howe, eetldl ue, o eitheet, pi M.P- RA ofI3frcinlne)llwiAUE~ ING-OUMNo.23,Seebai-Ispe, rith, lare-phop, and a rocmy bouse in tbe ezofassme, let to M1r. Hicd,leY. au-lease, at:4 D. ya acaPital rulbousee known astePope thin-ln and& dwein-hou.. in .the rear, let on lease, to. and in 4be occopation of. -Mrs Jooeac at M lod. aaTear also thre roomy houses formings tlsa re gn CsTsw-cuclet to Mar JOnet, at 25 &aycar. 'The 1-To. m~es~xeahexi -Roan prusted waLionlare obsiaed of- Me'-S,- aptn, Jcboh_son.licitcrs, AV6tifn&rsr osid rE China,Forig Bsds,lepfe. Isecs,and other Effect& . 1I~R. ~NE:(0 Biehi-]ao)-Wil SELI4 'by LAtJCTION on June .4o'thvreist.~ t1 of the IENCti, o. 31, TYork-tenazee, durng iseae~or40 tck,enrss Aufed oregulled, rpties, an i ts,varous casiosesiteiss about ongint vaituig 1tr ahnteFetof Our-%;;ourby OboVntu,a ibrry o bolrs cadole tbathcaplfu-ittle cosiits of a roecoddalgroneri ncb%d&fa.leo.augd= tables ca dstOxAMSe cieffonie1% -two-cabbact, Viofort.chlmnsey gl-ases,% inawrtains, sushiegauir dining Sod sitting room fidrettuac,. bed room itemns in mahogazy, four-pos and other bdsteads andI ferntiorse, clean bedding, winred wardrobes, chesta of- drawers, doersto" tables. and glmasse, and numerous others itenis. chlina, gas ie xequl-ites, and v-arious -other effects To be 'siewed day viofr a-A moarnings of sale. Catnlegues bad if A. D. Smith; o. slieiltor, l,7 Great Jal --e8oet, Redfor-ow t hTok d Albany, 1lcez;!f park:, and of Mr. 11r. ege,. irhin-laie, L'mlhord-shwL-t _~JR. BAEKNES (of Birohin-lano)-WiU- SELL by . AUTION atthe Meax. on. Wedniehda-y, Jiue 13, at 12, an ex'-ellent ESTATE. coPyhold of the lThor of Stepney, beinxg 1lI at a trifling fne certain, anadcostsliumited comprising a good fasoilyliouse, (brick-bullt). oith ground in frontk and Isarae garden extending in the rear of the twoadjoiningbhouses. The hous-eis foarstories in height. writh t!eO rooms and clos-ets on eacht rieer, good entranoe passawge, t wo rood kitchens and cellars on the basement5 Let to a res-pectable tenant. Partissslprs obtained of Mr. French, soelctor. 51, CratcbedfrlarA: inst of Mrt' Barnes L, 19 Birehin-lane, I.o iabar a-a tre et; an d R t th e Hay P el d MileOndrooae& *Norwood-bill.-Freehold Estate and lonag leazeholde, Camberwell, for' savettment. MfR. BARNES (of Birchin-larse) is instructed tos iL! SELL by pnblic AtG TION. at the Mart. on WedncotTay. June 13, int 12, a maluable FI5IEEHOLD) PROPERTY, situatbe,near She chinch -on lienlala-bili. Norwood, adiolnieg-`bL. RowelandiUteautifal grtinnds.. The estata compriEes il detiscEed! 6ottaaa. xes dence andI .'ff,cof placed on aslopinghrla,wn. dU a-zIaa ge darden, e thiazotInga.' anagnificent panorum. of the richly featured coumtry onthe south aud east sides of Norwoolt. ltt onlees-, to ahigbly-resD,ectsle tenant fc,r a, teOn p6 ta t g85 per annum: also tivo detachbed Cotta-e Ree-i dersest anTd pl an o ground. Johni-street, Albany-road. CaTn'Uertrwe'I lettors.ectbleteants at51 a year. The premiscesmaybce iewel. (thea~oertvat orcod only byv carts)s. -and irariulaza obtLiredi 1111 days pne hasale)of Messrs. Bill and Matt ews, sElicit9is, Bus-.M court St. ary-ac;ad of M'r. Barnes 101, Eirchain-lane, Lonmb..d st. Foret-hll,-Surey~Lsig -LaseoldVilla Re.Cxn;idCahT_b_td]iy ]INR1EWBON Wml i~iL yAUCTION, at thre - iM rt,Tomorrw Mau2 t1.b rder of the Mcriagce, in one Io.TWO LX ESHL RESID ENCES, Os. 3 and 4, Honor Oale VIlac, Forest-bIll asetdistance from the rail- - w-ay etatiorn-.held for TwrY long t-erc at moderate ground reuts:-eacls containing eight roms, and fitted up vwith every conrenience for the occuatin o repecabl failis. No.4islet to a hglhlyYespcetable tennta84 th ladlodpaingtaxs;and the other is in bhnd, of he nnul -a1e o 1. ry e vewd. Pa-ticulrar had at tlh - .UlrIeuwell.-Yaluable short Ieaehl.Ispoe et MfR. NEWBON wvill SELL bUCIN t Vie iL~Mart. To-morrow, Slay 22. at 12. yod-, fteEeues vlu~aIshot LASHO LD ESTATE,~ comprd"Poresn.iil shops, ards. ad onthilldings ; situate 12 an I3 t on-tet n 13 ad I or npto-atres0ClerbgenwEll; let prolaeoMs-s Bassil,Bcmelt.and Gorae Orents amouintin o2 e ron heldfor boutII yars nexpired,. at a gcound rn.Myb iwd Par isdhtlio,'sth eLMrt; of Geo. ReritxgeEa, lcto.;sri eel'-in: an attheAuctionecers ,ollcea, 3, hue-owUpr-tst n ar ighbsory R(ailway btation,-Ycry dstlot-I Resiencs, roduing12 per annum, in lots, rult- will SE-LL bay AUCTION rt the May 2Z at 12, iii three iDtsa, THi?EL -ve-y superior ILA. OEID .CS, wtth large srdeus, Ness. 1, 2. and 3, SEL Aiiw,-vl,Cnonbasy-park nortb,withIn hve miinutes' wvail ot Ilieibuy Rilary Satin, n th ocupaienOf highlbY respectable tentata, ne at42 nd tw at 40 eah, hld for 53D years auterpixeA, at mderae emand ent. Ma be iewe bycards only, which canute ol~ti8e ofhasesatieeer FaticlarhaRt the Mart; of Miev_ors ioeaadrane, otictoc, 5 Facon-tre~ cty;andat the antctioe~ss ofiss, , Coud-rw, ppe-ateet'Iaiagon(opposito The- TH17 EVEIING, at &-By S0#TlRGATE andE A1UMTyattts-sr I - ~~~Rooms, 22, Bieet,street, ENGIAVINGS and Books of Plrints of an impor'f- Eset ani valutable character, by order of the E-xecutors of the LAOe W B! Cooke, lisq. Mfay be viewed and amialocees had. I GlasaWbilolead, Paint. .1'iekias. &,c, iIjR. JOHNSON wil SELL, at the City Auction 131Itooms. on Friday, -May 23. at 12. a quantity o. GLASS, in dees-ilters carafts. snugar basins, butter dibhes, t,rsrblrs, wine glaess-r She. whitel-ead. paint .rushe- dmutes, paperbaaginigs, pistols, ncls siticeg, k. and nmrueous oilser it-ems. May be viewed the day preeiosondmna ingal." r o ale_ Cataloguesbhadat the rooms, Greenhousie and Bediding Plants. iI~ SSES. PROTHEROE andl INIOREIS s,a- 'Jiat te San nn tocnvel ( sae at bingallwedon the premises), DINi PAP,TS,ncldin facy nd caretgerawnium. aslea inaiczt, s-ndpthe plats n blom. ith lageasortment Of fo-ac!',everessa,-aieolrla, ptunas heiotope,zalvias, &e, On viiw t-he - Ke,sirrtic-elImanufactured and mordernFurnture, MIR CHARLES J. BAKER wil SE-LL by AUC1ETION, on the Premises 5, Gordoni-s-lace, Kensington. nt the back (of the Church. on Tuesday, Juine 3, at 12 for 1, thie handeanre -sode)-n FURNITURE, of the best anakenud in excellent condition;comprishig- mahogany chamber fumitrue. a 7-`eetwiinged wardrobe yosewVpod drawing room suite in damsel, handsome chiminey, sad p3ce glasses, Ion and -sofa, tables, cabinet; or-monku gixaudocb,- set ofnabogany- dining table?,,mahogany din'ing room chairs in Ultrecaht velvet. haud4orise mnahogany bookease, china, glass, and effects. May C-a viewdd the dlay prior, and catologuesj hadat the auctionee-r's ofices. 21, bfolcomb-stzeet, l3elgrave square. ITa BnnkrusptcT,-Valuable -Freehold Injyte.tneas larastaple. 1MjR. GEORGE HRAIISON -%ill SELLS by AUC- iL TIOlf. at the King's Arson Hoei'l, IBarnstaple, or. Toesilay. .May 27; at 4 previsely, in Iots, pursuant -to aix Ordler of the (leurt, of Ban1k*ssntcy in London. made in tho matter of 'Williu-ns Thomne, a ltanlnssspt. welt-secured FREEHIOLD GROUN"D RVNTInJ ams-r-thng to e26 13s. 6d. per annum,. arising from f,5 cottages, sib-zate in Newitigton-sti-eet and Union-street. Earaiskiple, D)evon; al" 11 Freehtold Colttags.with gardeuLs.sitoate in tbesmestree-ts.let toyearhvtenaLnts. atrenteamounting to 4A610 ISOer annum. Particulars7mayhe had of Mtessrh. J and J. H. Linklater and Haekwood, sol!citon,, 317, Sise h-rae, Losd,nn , and of thbe auctioneer, L,itchdlon-street. Itamastaple. Tco Oil and Coourmen. Bailder. I"or-siure Depler. and ut-blra E~OP.S5 BOND andl SON will SELL by AUCAPT .lSI, at their lar-ge Roonms, 51, Seymour-str-eet, Euston-sqnjare, To-inerrow May 92. ant I o'clock Precisely, the STOCK in wltRAl)E uf an OILa-nA COLOUISMAN. Hrousehold Furnituire, and other Effects, comprising about thiree tonsq of white lead and groind coloinas dlriers and ote Wres, . aln ofDvD.arnishes To cu-h. of a ti-ficion grease pie esadsauce, catsup inr ca3 and t battlerano perhan og,I&c rVEoNn Four-pst ga 8 other bestands ted r bc-istmandtseddong, irns carp Is'. chins,olass, arandnuerous othr items. Maythep3risewf Wrangle, Buttera-irlek. and Frieston,all freebold,tithefree. and laud-lax redeemed. with ata-hung excception. This esttatissituate inonec-f therichest distriessof the county. so jastir celehratedfor theextraordlitarY qaliturof tChelsoil, withnsaewqmues of reIoa-so.-Suinpeet Spljts1., andsomeremo.rIted paromicelairswith- le, ithogrdaphicplan, may be anid ,lAbrTp.lsolicitrs,Boston; r.swsaInd,T e,rag; &ando. h J~JSSRS. REID and A.DAMS will SELL byAUCAIR 0-N.withut raerr~ onthe remises. Si, Zeassfort-streLt, CFheisea. To-morrow. filer 22. at 12 for I praecisely, useful and modemra HOUSHOGL'D YUItlsITURB, consiatis- of iron and Frrenh 1-clsteads' and bedding, mnahogany, marble-to, and other washaltanda a-d. tables, chesin- of drawers, draeasing glasses, ladies' wing wardlrobe, a?,d usual bedroom requisites;- worling, dining, leo, card. and other tab'es chimney slasses, c*Aches. chairs Pasy ditto, caxrpets, curtain.., epigar-- ings, Ornaments. china, glass, anid domestic requisites. Ma"y be% iesved, and catalogues had on the preminses; and ef the auctiossers. 8cc-na. Rei,d and dams, Quperen'lm.rompteon.- - ~~~~Twielceulsam. _PI,. ABRAHAM1S wil SELL by AUCTION, by ILL direction of thseMctgay~eesat the .Marc,on Mondaay, AiLyt~, at I2, the ABSOLUTE REVItIITON on the death of a ladyjin her S5itysear to that very desimabe ESTATE known as3Bath-house, siti,Lte In the Londlon-read, at Twiclkenbarn, Middlesex, clos-e to the ratlwey station, in the Occupation of W. Gittens, E,sq., ais tenant, at 445per per annum. The houoi.is comfortable old-fashi=ondresidence.ss,itable or aamll or aprofssioal goalcosa wose ursuits Ie~sclsts freuentattendanrein town. ltiscopyso'dof theMaifonr of Iwesvethi Syon, riesrly equal tofreebol-l, Also aFrecho'd PotofBuildis-gL-n,l, inuHeath-road,.Twickenraa, idth a fontagpectg5fect a,nd 160 fet .lerp, -whicb will be sold irs threeltots. Thlsland,fcomaits excellent sitnatisan, is especiallysuited for amanufactoryOor forabuildees,.or timber s-assl. or for shops. May be viewedp(ot 1by cards onlyl, and partciclarsl-a,Kl of Metes.Clark and Rusts-n. solicitors. 3Breutferd; at tbe art,; f Mr. Abrahams, auctioneer, Kingsaton; and at the offices of the asuctioneer Twiclreaham. Long Loasechl Estates L,sess-eheath, Eritls, Kent, wthAlin III nianutee'walk of the Abbey-wood Station, near to Rels-iere-park and the n3ew church, IJ.T.DANN stil SELL by AUCTION, at the IJ.Auton maert. To-asors-os, May 22, s nI (unless previously disV= yprivate contract4, TWO subasantiziDy-bnilt seni-detachea 05O neat elrvation, in a heathy locality and an exceeshnejw improving neighbourhood, eacht contadinig a landsonro entrai,ce ia dining and breakfast rooms. and -large drawing room, four capitanle roomns,- Idtchem, and back kIlehen. The property is esuclwed witlha nestt iron-railing, a abort remus-c from the high road, and a capita garden in the rear. iit the est-imated valuo of 45 per annum eachb held for at eon off 9 yeast, ata small grou-nd rent ; two nest Cottage tezildeonsm at -Beadon-wdll Erith. each containing entrance hall, sar-- -loar, kitchen, backc kitchen, anud thirfe goodI bed rooms, fitted up w'tth hel fo anunepird ion f 0 yers.Maybe viewed on at;a tin o Mr Bitlon Beaen-ell.nearErih, i'atnesaa a seendas rir oth sleofMr . eale hus get.brt-i;e Sale of abaut%0l doz. of particular Old Fort Wines, fromnfl'-otIa s-e,j-j years In bottle, Including a6 few lots of the celebrated Regina, Perts, so distinguished for their sof tacos and delica,cy. 1fESSPRS. FOSTER a-nd SOIN -are instructedI to IL SELL bY AUCTION', s tth e Gall ery Z4, Pan.= a 1, asn M41on day. MafY2il, atI Precisely. bout 600 doz particular O LD 'PeRTS; et tle sev-eral vintages of 1640,4 162 and 1547, sbsipped by order of an cminlont houise, aDd by them bottled at the precise ilates sitatedl inx the cn!a'lorns, and 300 dec. Particuar Oild Ports, bottled at Oporto in the year 1849;' ard shipped in cases to the laie ,J. G. Fearn E555 , of 1:egeWs,psa-In by-whose order they were bonded liy Messrs Matthew Vlia, J and Sons sro Mra an d July, IL-S. ex the Phips) StartI and Orion. fresa Ooorte~ from wahich Periods tbey have been mnaturing in the loindon thewhoe .f bee wies er abope b te wel-known ans longest~llshd hnes f TeophlhlsSmih, Opofto, and con3Stl en. us-ly f' ualtis idictedbythecelbraedbrand " T- I. 'L. Particuar,-an, beng-onvnce of-he risinecharacter of thesevr nt-, of Ierepecabiicyf th inporers oftheauthenticity of the dates of bttlng, nd f te cicsus.,acesundr ishic the wines aree nowv ofee~Msr.Foster and SDn cassstrongly recommtend this- s;al to theaoae ofthirfriendsand thoeconSfienre ofthe pu.blic- The wines ros belatedatlg,Pall-mall, onihbe Friday anid Saturday, and en the morning-ofsae Hyde House EAmonton, yidee.Eclee urniture, Plate Linen Paintings. Stuffed Birds and R-ct1les Billiard Table, rare AlneasstiGreeobaus-ePlnts. (4rriage- Horse, -Cows, &c, PHOMAS C0OMPTON Ise 'beeLt faVOured with in- THi tructions, fmn"' the Administrator of the late3 Ilrs, Suas=wsh Washbto SE.LL byTAUCTION, without reserve, on the Pyremises, Byi?o Side, Edmonton, on Tuesday Jr-ne , 3 and tawo following (uys,atI each ,,iv.a hee Snel-.HUbUEEHOID FURNrUURy, campr'Ltiog1 mahogany four poet and other hedsteadz, capital feathAer bed.ro,%at treases,~ bedding, and the usual requisites. for four principal ia,l Fix scndary heel chambers bumerous piradch,nyls=s ag Broeel aoTur-eycarpets. dinng, leo. and- sofa table, a grand pateni. sostenente by bStote Indian tb`es, cesea hoards, and ornaments, full- -- Blzed-bialhr t4bissby 5elldom, oil palutirgs and engravings, elegamtlycut glass and ohms.~ wardrobe- of fins liea, anid good aasertasrnt of culinary articles, about 1,030 or, Of plate;, andra venls 'eleggrst plated articles, gsseghnhoss plants, comprising aloes or rare growthL orange and lens6i trees cansc'.aisas,sleas, cacti. do, excellent dairy ansi brewing utenila.pairof sans hansomecowsandpigs, toirn.bnll.landusl . doule-e-ded oarwhs', chise mal asston, do-cart. pAir boy carrageboses,itaden mplmens, nd ariusvaluable effects, May at TemesCompoot.slitloe andesISC agncyoffices, 72, Cuvlesnan.
