- -. , iI, DIIE SITN .* op .-I. - ~~, HA&kiA'.* C asolonel ,Elera Napier, who hs ritteri the above fiction, comies befior the wdrld with-a fclfessio o f his i4experienei as- a 'abvelist- The comfeiiohw,is unnecesary' innsiiuchi as it.is obviousthat he has to adqsiaxnt: himself .with many elemeuts, of 'the. noveEsts art before he can produce a storywhich ,,as a story, will be attrictive. HIe has, nevetheles, an e,xuse for appearing &S a writer of fiction, ad: a purpose in his 'liction which may fairly disarm criti*-cism. H3is'exeuse is-the previous appes ranoe of -a less .diverting fiction-in the shape of the-' Guards' :Memorial, to which he conceives a reply was neceI sary, and his purpose is to set forth in a narrative of a Linesmanis .career the protracted toils and ,privationss*hich,the'Guards do"not share equally waith the Lifie in"one ense, as compared with thi :promotion which they share as unequally in anot'heT. -H3is .aim is directed also against the, system of purchase, as well as against the system which . favo,ur the Giuards at the expense of those they have termed "their more fortunate brethren of the Line." His object *is to redress a balance which has been hithdrto&dbolged, and,:approving that object, we 6an readily excuse some artisticl deficiencie; in the plan by which it is zealously, and effectively promoted. - I It is obvious that Colonel Napier has,draw' on his own former experience for the materials of his n6vel, ahcd 'has placed -his' hero in difficult situations which he has filled hini-self. He has an equally difficilt functiori here to combine the details of inlitary routine Yith. the requirements of his story; yet without entering largely and minutely.int the f6rmerphis plait would have been set aside and its object unattained.: 'We' must recokniz6 fairly the impediments in his way, even when questioning his success as a novelist. Discussions which are nece3'sary,.but which involve statistical proofs;.are.incongruous accompaniments,to scenes of love and advertture; the dissection of' 'the Army, List.' is.of little assistance 'to a plot? and' the entries in the- orderly book sugeit 'but indifferent episodes.' The' wasp 'and woof of the Colone's manufaeture:wiuinot xvork into & smooth fabricwith the most skilfil-'handling, for'they are unlike and unaccommodatng texture. They are like chymicals which will not compound, as we-find by Ou1 own experiece, for our difficulty is the same as that of the Colonel himself when we. attempt a brief analysis -6f his volumes. IRqsp-inds. His story is the autobiography of a youth who desires to emulate his cousin by entering the army: " In vain did the Admiral point out the wide .differenc3 thatexistedinourprospects. 'Auguastus,'saidhe, 'ispossessed of every reqnisite to insure his advancemnnt and sueMcess. He has money, aristocratic connexions, Parliamentary interest at command, these, and not personal exertioa or merit, are what get a man on in the 'army now-a-days. "'Be will probably, after going through the mereform of study at the Military College, purchase a commission ia the Guards-thatanomalousand exclusivesteppng.stone vwhence the young scions of our aristocracy pass, with peaceful ease and comfort, over their less fortuuate and hardworked brethren of the Line, to which your poverty and want of friends at Court will oblige you to belong. " ' Auustus Seyniour, without trouble, active service, or any extraordinary qualification, will thus find himself, some fine morning, apqointed to an Ensigpcy of the Guards, with merely nominal ditties to perform; to pass his time im the capital amid sach occupations and amusements as his taste and inclination may direct 'with the road to promotion "made plbasant" and easy' by the magic wand of gold. He will, after spending in this manner a period of a dozen years or less, probably obtain a company in that favoured corps, which wite 'ivehim the rank of a Lieutenant. ColonelintheLne,a rank which-unable as you are 'to purchase-youwillpossibly(shouldyou survive the pestilential climates in which you will assuredly be doomed to serve), nay, probably, not. attain for 30 or 40 years. By thEt time your cousin will long have been a General 'Officer, cr perhaps Commander-in-Chief of an army, for all youknow.t "'Emulate Augustus Seymour! My poor boy, wshep, in this country, was humble merit, ever., allowed to ian an even race with power, and interest, and wealth? I I Take this advice, my lad; enter not sauch utoequal lists!' "How sound was this advice the subsequent story cf my life will prove." The proof commences even at the college at Sandhurst, where' Colonel Napier, referring -to cases within his knowledge, ascribes to its authorities in former days favouritism and partiality. The son cf the nobleman or wealthy commoner 'is 'aUowed by their subserviency "to commit with, impunity many excesses, to infringe 'rders or to neglect his studies in such a glaring manner as would have insured the instant expulsion of the poor and' friendless orphan on the 'establishment' of the college whose father may have probably died in arms in hiis country's cause." The consequences of idleness and mnisconduict are thus- exhibited as unfafrly apportioned, while equal assiduity obtains very unequal rewards. One cadet gets a commission in the Guards value 1,2001., while another equaflLy deserving, but who has not friends at Court, muswt content himself wvith one in th' line, 'ealue only 4501. Such spectacles are described as not, however, tending to damp the 'buoyant Spilit 'of our 'hero, who subsequentl.y goes' to Paris to complete his studies, at one of-its military schools in the followving practical mnet,hod: .- "The nature of the studies in which we were engaged wes much to ourcommon taste; they chiefly consisted in trigonometrical surveys of thesurroundingcountry, makdngm ilitary sketches of its features on foot and on horseback, with and without the aid of instruments; also reconnaissances, how to select to greatest advautage, fortify, and defend an outpost, throw up field works, strengthen them with alattis or any other means at hand, all 'outpost duties, the placing of pickets and of guards, crossing rivers with pontoons; how to form tifes'-dcpoi,t, or to cover a retreat.. Into ali such military arcana, more immediately connected with the Quartarnuaster-General's department, we then deeply dived.. Vhile some were sent on reconnaissances into an imaginary enemy's country, to report em its resources, caDabilities, productions, means of transport, uopul.ation, and supDplecs, others drewr out plans of position, of attack, and of defence; in' short, all 'those branches of military science were embraced which are so 'msuch required by every of doer of the service, whether regimental or on the staf; but which, generaUy speaking, are slurred over or disregarded at both our public and private military establish-' ments, to make way for more abstruse and theoretical studies-such as 'difterential calculus,' 'spherical trigoncmetry,' or I la Mecanique CCleste ;' Gregory and Laplace 'thus occupying those 'military positions' wvhich Jomini and Frederick the Great ought by right to hold." Concurrently w,ith the course of this military education, the hero is enlightened as to the artifices of coquAtryv by a demnure but designing young lady, designated Melanie .de Crespigay Her manners are rather free, while her'lares are loosely set, but as she end avours after too many birds at a time the hero breaks through her toils and escape. He and his comrades have some rough'play at the French fencing-rooms, and his ddbt at Chatham on obtaining his commission is, according to youthful customs, hilarious and robust. It. is his destiny, as contrasted wvith that of his favoured rival, Augustus Seymour, to be speedily sent off to join his regiment in the East Indies; and this 'circumstance- gives' 'Colonel Napier an opportinity of 'depicting the horrors endured by the soldiers of' the line in the stifling hold of a crazy troopship. The Blaclkhole of Calcutta and the " middle passage" of the Black Sea are the parallels suggested as only surp g the former in degree and consequences. "As, fromamidthebattlin of winds and waves that raged sbove, I dived into this den of stiding misery., my every sense vas painfully assailed- prayers, curses, and imn. precat.ons; piteous moans -and hielpless cries proceeding rom women in a fainting and children' in a dying state resoundedcfrom everypart. A indescribablyclose,srmothering feel, a suffocating stench, imnossible'to describe, pef' ed the .deadly atmosphere I Inhaled, causing a siCkly sensation which, even for a short space, of time; i T found it most difficult to endure. "The light of the lantern carried by the attending seigeant accidentallywent out, andleftus groping in thedark.r Lowly crouching along the deck, and endeavouoin g to trace my...way.-beneath the closely-wedged and steaming hammnocksoverhea, my extended hands came in contact with the moist and 'cLammy libs of a prostrate humsn sWho'etbis', 'inqsredI, 'ouof hishammockl' '"Tis me, 'your 'hosiour; 'tis Pat Su]ii,' replied a broken and husky voice. . 'You ut it'nefuha Mock in moc; hr tandShe effiuvium which 'steamed spwanoL wahild's, posibl, een oreunendurable thanbeat anho mancoud eistforanylengthi of time nsc nam '~~~~~~ but. bu il-acly h aldhdated tobya suc ans orea;' she- had,cmoe'over, a th ime in in t her reat apaently 'atuire last dying'gasp .th in a scrcelyi~udiblo tone of voice,' *save' my' PDoi~ bisbe.' he's afther smothering, he'll be dead ith tp n Ioge was thusmasailed oni every' side by similar a'ppdahS~ fromf the "soldiers' 'wives, " expreskid inL the 2liest piteonis "tones; some begging for,wvater,.-others -for fresh air; some imPloring for hef,lpon their owniaccount, other,s o- that 'of their husbandcs or their children.': '' ' '! ' on - "Making, as bestI could, mny way.o- ouof.ti wee. ing c-auldron of humaai misery, TI returned on deck_ ~nd-re. port,ed whlat I' had sitfl'ssed li) 'the " ffi'e in 'commind. JFortuuatelyfthe gals had abatedaby this tfime; -'he- hatchos The Vincssssans; 'em, 'Ssuetin iit dM dc'9,'ii '.dnIsM7 Er.gtow,uZ'sLmg 1'teceaszdHitac wher. Byr Ccolonll hEers LNapier. '3 vols. London, Hlyde, 1856. t- An instace in point hi~s verk recently occurred. owereoequently remcved, and, probably, more tha ona hiuras life was thereby mcst rt.qgm nel1av "It istruetbat a lof win doosnot blor diiin 'fne '-whole cantinutnoe ifa page to India, and that- hcheswae not constanty batiOned dow; still, when such. a sity does unfortunately occur, it isi far from p,lsaesnt jo be ~ xpesed to corsejuenceX snch.as: I- aLve d6eoribed;*ejther *canpit be denied-how reldcasly, hoer m lerciey,,oUr;*>fi were, generally speadng, in those days, crowded onoiard ahip-axiei, womin,: and childrenr, nuddled up, t6geth'r in' tho same. con£fne:d space; breathing the, sam pestrintialatmosphere, and withoit the slightest. regard to health, 'comxfort, or the -com mon'decencies of life. I "Ispeik of morethan v quartairof a centriry' "go',-ch may not be now the case; but then eonvicted felons ,were bittercaridifor on board of shp than the 'soldiers who' gsarded them to tbe placee of transportation whiere th3y were wnt. Ihopo itnolone." On his first.Iasiding at hIadras he fuids his relative and early playmat, Louisa Talbot, resadino there with her father. But he is scarcely aole to ehJoyt their welcome hospitlity when, by the mter'ven tion of aColonelHogebead,hisrival intheyoung lady's graces, he is ordereddto a ceded- dstict, and as the march' takes- place iithe monsoon-a-frequent proceeding unider the Indianauthorities inv Colonel Nanier's experience-he and his company are' sorely harassed by diarrhoea and dysenteryr Arrived at his station, he has ample opportunityto. describe the wretched incidents of an officers life in. India, when a martinet colonel conspires withiunhealthy barracks to reduce the stamina of is mien by discomforE and dE isease. He has leisure-or rather Colonel N.apier has leisure on his belialf-. to comipare his case with that of his fortantate competitor at this stage of their course, handto mnake some practical sutggestions w.hich otheis -in similar predicaments may profit by hereafter. From his outlyingpost thherois summ.oned to take -part in the Burmese war of 1824. The expedtiosn is planned absurdly, just at the date of the :soi&thwest monsoon, and bears a strildng resemblance to that of Sebastopol in:our previous ignoranrce of.the country -vre had invaded, in the absence of 7the nommoonest and -most essential- requisites of camp equapage, means of transport and commissariatin the extravagant expectations of fortuitous sac cess, and in the protracted sufferino and loss which follow. The Colonel is e~vidently'detailing a t-eal history when he thus pointedly implicates ithe "authorities": "They first, in their wisdom, concluded that the Bnrmeso would sue for peace at the very appearance of our fleetaand army before arangoon; failing which, that supplies of aU sorts would pour spontaneously into our camp, and thatbeing provided with as mtany native boats as were required (manned by as many Burmese boatmen as ve- chose -to .take)-this f1otilla,$ with bands playing aad.colours flying, woud then be gently drifted up the Irrawaddv by' the favouring and friendlymonsoon; next, iwithout the least difficulty or opposition, landed in the course of a few welks act OAyve, there to be billeted with free quarters on. the "Such (anditalmostrecallsthehocax of the. 'Tartt's' pretended capture of Sebastopol!)-such was the flattdrihn unction which our sagacious Eaatern mrders applied to their projected schemes. Howr different proved the sequel of such mistaken anticipations on their part! . " Hence, wvhat was expected to have been thus readily and easily effected in the course of a few shortweeis was-through sheer ignorance, neglect, want of judgment and ill-concerted measures-protracted with frightful loss of human life for two long and painful years. " Sebastopol again! "Daring the course of the whole campaign -the samewant of judgment and combination was always manifest, to the disgust equaay of the naval and miiEtary branches of - the professions then engaged; and those of both army,and. navy who survived this ill-starred expedition returned dis. pirited, broken by disease, and disgausted at the needless toi dangers, and sufferings they had with such inadeqaate resnuts undergone; which were then so little appreciatedand, as before observed (with the exception of a few of the more favoured who happened to belong to the staff), may be said to continue unrewarded to the present day." "We had, even in those days of which I speak, an ancient and despotic chieftain in the camp. Eis nale was. 'Geneal Routine;' a veteran of many fields. -Thab- eneral must now be very old. (Is he to be foundinuHdrf0) Wehas of late sustained many a defeat; can 'he suvive them? Will he soon resign; or is he likely to resign at aul?" An essay on the reforms needed in the Quartermaster's Department alternates at this point with the adventures of our hero, who in attackdga a Burmese stockade is shot through the lungs, and beingin;slided comes in this state to England to wish his fortunate cousin, the Guardsman in!the place he has been, obliged -to vacate. A sailor's criticism on the contrast of their positions is thus exprecsed by the old admiral, with whom the hero discusses the comp'arison . t "'Why,' resumed he 'what would be said if, ii the ravy, three or four of the finest line-of-battle ships, mainned by picked and better paid crews than anyin the service, and with pet officers enjoying privileges still greater than their men-wha' would be said if these vessels, because they happened, in common with ethers of a different class, to have fonght-a good action some 40 or 50 years ago,-whst, I repeat, would be th6nght and said by -the rest of the na+y -if thtse chaica line-of-battle ships, fully officered, marined, and eauivped, should be laid up in lavender, kept as showsbips at ortsmouth; Plymouth, and the Medway, orlonly -alloweed to tal;e a turn at an enemy should the-latter ciose- to appear'Ift la s Che snel or kediterranearn bnt on no -account to' be sent in-quest of one to the West TIdi6s -or Sierf Leone? Were such a naval system carried on, snorb- over, at an enormous expense to the country, and without. any apparent motive gave that of givng a felw shoreigoing young scions of the- aristocracy the opwortunity of stepping . over the heads of -veteran officers, and hoisting their gRags without, probably, ever'having been in blue water or lierd the sound of- a single shot,-what d'ye think the rest of the service would say ? what d'ye think the nation would say ? By-,' continued he, warming with his subject, 'Isch a. thing could never be -thought of ; it would not be suffered in this country; and yet the case in point is pedfectly parallel. The Guards are the line-of-battle ships; the general action is Waterloo, whoer they unfairly got extra grog in the shape of rank; they are snugly moored in London, Windsor, or Dublin, and all the rest any landlubber can make out.' "I had nothing to reply, and therefore the snuject dropped." Another discussion takes place, in which the Guardsman does battle for the systeml by which he benefits, and in which the recent " Guards Memorial" on one side and Rart's Ar-msy List on the other are pitted against each other with considerable slaughter. The disproportion betweeen the relative chances of the Guards and the line is brought out in this encounter by the help of copious statistids, of which a corps de reserve cre retained in the appenidix. It appears that the Guards possess about three times the number of field officers considered requisite for the efficieh'cy of a battalion of the line. In the Guards a boy of 16 may obtain an ensigacy, and by this means - jump over the heads of every ensgn and cornet, in the service, althouh the latter may have been serving for many years in every part of the world. After, an average service of from two to three years he may obtain his lieutenancy, which puts -him on an- equaEty with the " linesman" captains, who are 30 years old on the average. Ascending in the scale, the lieutenantcolonels of- the Guards will range from 25 to 35, while those of the line are on the averaae -upwards of 41 years. The full colonels, by' hiference, from their respective terms- of :service, -'will -be -41 6r 42 -in the Guards, and47 or 48 in the line, so-that.the starting:place in the race of promotion is not the same foreachrespectively. The weights arereadjusted at each turn in the-course,Jrut each time to the disadvantage of the unfortunate linesman. Such a-e some of the data which Colonel uNapier by, an analysis of Hart -pours thick and fast intoe 'he discussion of his disputants. - The first privileges of tlie' Guards-th1en ha1 goes back to show eis-date frori 1687, when Jarties Ii in the testing crisis of his tyranny oirfed "a force to subject the nation. ' Their±stibaltern'd priority -dates from 1691,f from thie eve -of anc eezpetaZ battle at Gerpynes,,- hido] )iever camo ff,-ihila as he maintains, they received more than their due reward for Waterloo in the War-office o rders of July, 1810. Yet, concushently with his objections to the system wh3ich has thus unduly favomred them, the -colonel professes his high estimationL of their soldierly qualities, and urgentlydisclaims ih'impu tation that he is inclined to disparage them; In themeantim6ehishero, almo$.vrhile the dis' csusion is going foriard-so -oddly do topies jostle- eall otheff in these yolumes'' falls desperately-in-love with Agnes Seymour, goes-througgh the6 swal tenider passages, and' returns to India an accepted - suitor, to hear, -however, -when there,-that- his in-: tended has jilted .him and . hats married, someb >dy writhbettermprospects than a lineinan; in conse- quence, he makes a little too free wsith3 thte Inaiaii - dancing girls, and;goes through-3 irietyof`sceiga: which are a vrwelcome'- 'excitement -to a - reckless spirit. He-. mnecessarilysa'ives a.girlfrom3suttee, Who-. as far-As we,can identify one :.ndoo girl among others, appears afterwards to be carried off by a tiger. lie comes iupo' who has just escaped from'theharem of aatera- potentate tolose herloverin thetoo tiglit-embiace'0of . an ardent Thug, of -vhom the hero dipo in-the jnterests.of security and good order.: MIelanie-goes to the Cape.and marries-a .Boer in Cafrelnand, ,rhith:r. the hero hsa also to follow imvirtie of an un"I ' ,rebellion which roLh-es the'customiary Claim iUpon' the Lhiesmau's ex"ertions. ventuially 'h comes -I *EnglLnd to6belaid.up in-ordiniry, hap1 under .p _ , v1ie oX Ime takea oS the "u-wese s6. ho care of a coDmfortang wife-lij coui Lotui 1M'hot , g to ho nour. by pohi or :;en# 39, a F pAM and e.he; f i far-a ew ac&peroerre t warWied.cap.rinok half Ip&y. In the meantime hiii ZLa'the Guardaman --Iax met with-the,ollowringoug ge:h 4 ,s'>e ,-'G' + costfii Seymaii cSrve MiE ipvdn-the pr,sat ers ?he.OAugustus B5y-our,, .B,rtb not be dismied without soime notice froni our secerdinipen; and his ServiGeS can'be brieffyto1d. *-" Those: series' conisted-for ~may ySrs in namerout fatiguing marches andcounter-marches, -to and tom the ~Toveri, rn ai, Snd Windsora outpost duties at r'suond_y severe campaigns in Hyde Park, whehre operstions were sometimes pushed so far as the: remoWe cosfines of Ste. Serpentine,-ortiheistant rsgioons bounded by Kensington-arden wall! P 1 - - " guatus poor fellow 1 had endured -many responsibe and tryig duties while 3nounting guard at Backinghaoi 'Palace. or 'LSt-Jaines's! There was, bsides, the-wi* and tear of bonstitution and of geneallhealth, zused'.by the .'ternfic "ight.d-ties' during inyaIondon season ;under the moiasmtic iiaenoe of those drif. Lndon.fd. f ! ' " As if all such hardships and sufferings wrer not sufficient to breal- at once the poor fellow's spirit as, vell as health, the battali6n to wblich Ausatu sthea-'beloig6d was ordered on a lengtheaedi tour of 'foreign service'toxrcmote and once -Litl;-kiown region 'of the globe, 'mnortaizea in song by the Arezzan bard, as being or; Je la confines of the habi ble wbrld,-swhere [he and l.iiqtLly 'unfortunate brethren of -hat -doomned portion -of the G-Guar4, vere condemned to inguiish in p'rolonged exile xamong - - ' - 'Gente'conlor-ch' dpii'-icinasalpolo - 4 "'Qaesti dall' aite selve, irsuti riada La. dil mnondo ulAtimnlarAd Noll doubt', whUie inx thoitinhAoapial eorn z .these irzuti ilthemareyr'ed ^yAu5utu often-shed sr at Jmaica, Sierra Iesone, thellastlndies, orilangoon. The london work-c-as compmared to that of Dablin-was indeed a joke; Hyde Vark a very plaything contrast-ec with the 'fifteen aci-es -of- the 'Pbhceui' amd those most try=n Castle guards, where one has to 'rough it' on rationfare- soup, Iish, poultry, vegetables, and hige'vulgar joints of meat, washed down with plebeian Xeres or Oporto wine I- trae, all fumished by the pubnlic purse, but not tho less *troious onU-that Accountl T"'heu, after such rade fare s this, to bivouac in coarse, 'damLp sheete, at: tFoase horridCastle. gates I 'as indeei snougixto kIU a horia (we bad not beardt of -Crun.an[ hippodestruoctiriess in those days), or grin1 a Hercne nope matulre ol~ age 1* - cue ino r WlVhile wre -hal.ve saidw sufficient to nake the; purport of the. worXs apDarent, we ought not to omit that it is dedicated'tc-Colonel Tulloch, thoucrh-he is in nowise;considered by the author responsible -or its production. CulonelTulloch is an oldfraerd and comrade of the vwriter, and he may or miay not coincide iu 'the 'viTws he has "expressed; but it is a great credit to Colonel Tulloch that hlis-own services can beset forth. as they are in these voluii with such striking d cdat. WVe are toldi it was .C6lonel Tulloch who originated the admirable mode f embodying and paying'ethe pensioners, owhichmnsf now for s seral yeara been tested wath aiich gooseffect; itwas Colonel Tulloch who orioinuted the pi"ee out rotation .,ystemof service in the Ealonies-onefof the greatest boons over conferred on theBritish soldier, whereby an immense nmouni of humanElife, c i wel as of human. sufferins, hSas been saved-; it was . Colonel Tullonh wh, : brought to f 'light and put an -end to the dishoneto systeo i of mnlctin,g 'our--soldiers in the East of a . jortion of their pay by meanus of a' depreciation of~ the coin in which their pay was calculated; iws was 'Colonel Tulloch ivho,'in the eiigencins of the' Bulrmese war, showed the' autDhorities .how to build ovensy and'who arrest>ed the scurvy which was decimating the troops by urging the procurement of grainaud. cattle from Calcutta; it was Colonel' Talloch who. with Sir John ldKeill, as the woild is aware, exposed. the Crimeast delinquents; and, therefore, it is Colonel Tulloch whom, as a provei army reformier, thle writer desires to interest in his own efforts to reform the service. *Happily there is augury that the writers 'efforts '-will not be in' vain, if it is true, as we hear,' that Lord Panmure himself has ordered thabt the Li7nesan shall be added to-the list of books for the militay.libra-des. .
GUARDPJS DIKER ABSBNTEES. (From Punch) Various significant absences were observed at the dinner to the Guards iu the Surrey-gardens. Some of thesemight have been less sarcastieally rem arked xpon, had the committee thought prcper to read the notes of apology -which were transmittec from certain distinguished quarters. We have been favoured with copies of some of the decuments in question; and print them as a zere matter of justice .- " Lord Cardigan presents his eompliinents to Mr.'Sams. and very much regrets that a round of public dinners, givesi to himself by his dependents, will prevent his dining with the Guards cn.iionday, and exhibiting to them the coat and inexpessibles in which he had the pleasure of winninthe battl of Bilaklava. But his Lordship sends the spurs which he used 'during his return from that exploit, and not even one of the envious carpers zit his laurels -ill be able to deny that-those-articleshave nnder.ne hard service. "P.S. Re-wonders that]Mr. Samss goodtste willallow him to keep in hlis window the pictre of a peson as Lbrdliuda. 6 - aprsna "The Earl of Lucai has received .r. Sames circular, andibes to intiniate-that he shall no' attend th = dinuer to the musrds. The practice of making an unduo fuss abnut the prvate soldier, wvho, in doing his best, merely does that which he-is hired -to do, 'appears to Lord lucan to be high'y detrimental to the- interests of the service. Besides, the Earl has no confidence in the committe, who appear to be chiefly members of anmnferior class of society, and he has no guarantee tha' disrespectfaltoasts, reflecting. osi those who are- asupposed to have caused the unavoidable misfortunes of the late war, may not be introduced. The Lord Alayor may be a respectable~ mai, b'ut real lords ought not to be asked to associate with annuals. " P.S_ He is surprised that Zr. Sams should decorate (?) the corner oPf St. armes's-strect with a likeness of ssch an individual as-Lord-Cardigau.Y. " Mr. Fildes's cornulimenmts to MrL Sapse and certainly will not come to the dinner which it is proposecd to give to the Guards. He believes that the affair will end disastrously, as it is rmost preposterous to believe that provision can be madefor supplying 2,000men with meat, drnk, and tAbacco for a whote evening at so short a notice s one month. He would suggest the postponement of the dinner until the summer of 1S5S8, by -whici time the committee might, if they availed themselves of Mr. Filder's assistance, be able to malke the necessary arrangements. But he must decine being party to, anv ill-donsidered attempt, as the comfort of British soldierA ought not to be risked in the hands of incompetency."
DRiFnATFn Sn PEx c.-p The Iollowing particulars of the loss of the sbip Western Bride are from the pen of Mr. Arthur Newson, a passenger :-" The Western Bride left the Chincha Islands, coast of Pern, Iladeii with guano, on the 5th of February, 1S36, bound for Queen'stown, Ireland. On the 26th we had strong winds vith heavy seas from the south-west, in latitude 40 degrees south, longitude 78 degrees west. The s'ip then became very leaky, so that the pumps were obliged to be worked every hour; and when under double-reefed topsai7s the crew ere k;epti consantly 'at the pups. On the 27th the foreyard was carred sway; strong gales still prevailing with vey -high seas -and shLp very leak-y, it was thougtht ndvisable to bear- up for the Straits of lfagellan as the nearest place of refuge, whichn we entered on the 2d of March witih afresh gale fromi the west-north-west ; weather thice and iny, with sleet at times. At sandown attempted to anchor, but found no bottom; both anchors dragglngwith 75 fathoms of chain, blowing a hurricane, and a strong crent caring us down tothoenarMwest part ofthe Straits, as we thought tode'structidn. Weowere obliged to let go one anchor and chain, the vessel -ng twice touched the rockls during, the night. Daylig:it at last came to our- relief, and we proceeded onward' to Port- Famine, 'where we remained two days repairing in theharbour. We continued our voyage until tke Sthat2p.m.,whentheship struck on a sunken rock sbout two mnles from Barranca Poilt,the wind then blowing very hard and sea high The ship con7'inued to strike very heavily until 4 30 p.m., when the force of the wind and the sea bad driven her over the banl-, and she loated aga. On sounding the pumps we found 7 feet -water in the welL The pumps were i"mediatymannened, but the water g3aned s fiast there was not even time to run the ship ashore, in which case part of the vessel might have been saved 'snd cii- b&agoe also, there being barely time to launch, two boats, in which we -saved -our Lves :with great ~difficulty. At 7 p.m. the ship suck 1i 24 -fathoms as soon as we were clear ofsier. At 9 p.m. dark, wet, cold, thirsty and htungy, we reached Ba Point, on the Fnegian side of the Straits, having only hifew soaWed biscuit4' no water,' and the weather bitterly eold, - *We feared to light * -fre lest -we should attract the attention-of the natives, vwho are well lmown by Soutth Se* Voyagers -aLs cannibals ,of the worst description. 'In thin wretched locality; we remained five- days, when seeing s-othing but"itarvatiou before u~s, the seA having abated, we too'k to our boats, and rowed across the Straits, andl after several days suffering thor greatest agony from -protracteda hungbr and, he rnost excruciatinig thirst we rdached a small Chisan m settlement in Patagonia. The governor,-a Dane. receivedu veyknl n i vrting in -his power wecith hisiinid 'sIeans to malke us comfortable, and his ~attention to ourn Wants. will ever be. remembered with gratitude. On the 15th of Ma-y, the United Stat,es, v~ar br-ig 13Bauhnbrdge; c'uni the Strit iinserh of the crew of the lost sip Man e having seen ptof thewreck, and Understood fzom the PatagomanTdsans we were at tha s(ttlenient, rveanaged tkusu-ocneico -River Plate, hav in e crew of ptthe M tec InJ allpeshdutt.Oubsthnsaedeote ,''fiiA(eirie for ther a_ _tanet Brts ubj*eos and especially to the govenor forfiis lindness, a also t timUnited&Sttes' Goveranentfor the nce render by,theirvesseltouls andto6the offieers6f tbebriXfortheisr 7iindneee" Mr. ?ewson iiaajntariived1inorwcb. A-Csxnn)Am ros so Pooi w BW tsyR.-At the lofzd gu as wplictioen `her smod aabeba' r wat dew] h i her ioirs -inriuA.n. h.Tdapileant foWr a age, and ha -4 'three'oil lre t.l f,aG
LONDON. THURSDAY, SBPTBMBBEB a 1856. The affair of the Serpents Island seems to have been of more importance than many have been willing to believe. The Turkish Government is especiaRly jealous of the slightest evasion of the treaty, and Through this feeling it has watched most anxiously the proceedings of the Russian *officials. Whether it be that the OrroMsu PoBTE is misinformed, or that the real details of this transaction have not beenx made known, certain it is that the occupation of the island has been considered of far greater moment at Constantinople than by the public in London or Paris. It appears that when the captain of the -Gladiator demanded the removal of the Russian .marines from the island, an answer was given by telegraph from St. Petersburg that the Russians could not be removed until the question was Eettled by the Conference at Paris, vhich is to meet when the matter of the Danubian Principalities is brought to a close. The Russian view is this-that the Serpents' fsland is a part of the Be3sarabian territory, that the frontier of the -eded district is not yet settled. andthat,therefore, the Russian authorities have a right to retain the island until it be finally determined exactly how mnuch they are obliged to yield. The absurdity of the reasoning by which they claim to re-occupy a * spot from which they had been driven, and respect- ing which there can be no doubt, because the -exact frontier of the ceded territory still engages the attention of the surveyors, needs no exposure. Viewel with the proceedings at Kars, it is but an iinstance of that inpotent and ignoble manceuvring which thinks to produce an effect by deferg till the last moment whatmuxt evidently be done at last. But, strange to say, there has prevailed a belief in -certain quarters that the Russians had some pretext for continuing their hold on this rock. The nmotion of so far swerving from the treaty as to -declare the Serpents' IBland neutral ground under the guardianahip of the several Powers seems to have been entetained. The Governments interested in the navigation of the Danube, and 10mong them Russia, were to have their share in thi joint protectorate. As the rock is useless, we cannot conceive the imeaning of such a complex r erahiey of dminiatration. It has noinhabitants .except those Yho tend the lighthouse, which its1 existence necessitates, and, as long as this duty be perormed, it is evidently fitting that it should be in the hsads of tho3e who hold the nearest .abre. ,Yet the Ottoman Government seems to * heeb persFadead nat ce especially *a3 willing to create 3 neutral station at this b, Te Turks seem to fee that any such zcheme would only b&a pr6text for interfering with their own teritory and vwters, aud, whether on good grounds or through some misapprehesion, to have been not 5a little disquieted by a seemin nnaerstanding between Prance and Russia. The English Admiral, however, knewr nothing of any such proposal, and took smmary measures to support the literal sense of the tzeaty by restoring thle island absolutely to the SULTAr1e; r-athor'itY. How far *e PonT3: may have been in error in attributing any deign of the kind to, France, and in looking with misgiving on the baokwardneis of the French fleet, usually so aitilv, we cannot say; but that such notions have prevailed at' Constantiriople, and havebeen communicated to British officers, there can be no doubt. That the affair will have any practical consequences we cannot believe. It is clear that the treaty stipulates for the cession of certain territory to the PoRTE; of this territory the Serpents? - Island forms part, and no one can doubt that the SULT's rights accrued the moment the ratifications of peace were exchanged. The island is now as much part of his empire as Canadia or Rhodes; and this country wiU certainly never consent that a solemn treaty should be broken within a few months of its conclusion, and after a war entered into for the preservation of Turkey from territorial dismemberment. It is probable that the acts of the Russian authorities were only part of the usual system of bravado, and had no connexion with any pending diplomatic arrangements, but it is certainly strange that the Government most intimately concerned in these matters should be without full intelligence of the policy of its aelies. Turkey has been for many years the object of British solicitude. We have, vith all the earnestness of a free people, fought the battle of the Ottoman Empire as an independent State, criticizing at the same time the many abuses of its internal economy. We are now, from the nature of things, the true friends of the SuLtr s authority. England alone of the four Pbwers which have busied themselves in Oriental affairs has no possession bordering on the Ottoman empire. She cannot be accused of wishing to wrest any province from its sway. Yet is she, most deeply interested in the improvement and prosperity of these countries. Through them lies the highway to India and Australia. and their future railways, telegraphs, and steam navigation will bring the most valuable possessions of the British Crown into close connexion with the mother country. Again, in the Turldsh dominions the energy of o-ur countrymen, which now seeks fields in the utimost parts of the earth, may be profitably employed to the advantage of both empires. Even oulr interference on the part of the Christians is plainly disinterested, and may be accepted by M-ussalman statesmen without any fear that a sinister inflnencewill come into being. The Rayahs do not belong to the church of them islands, nor have Englishmen, as a body, any dDsign or hope of an Eastern conversion. No political propaganda under the name of religion is to be dreaded from us. The Turkish politicians may not be the most large-minded of mankind, yet they have sense enough to see these things. Consequently, as a rule, a British Ambassador would be esteemed and trusted beyond any other representative in Pera. He would be the natural friend and Mentor c,f every Cabinet in a difficulty either from internal disorders or from the rival pretensions oI great military neighbours. But what is the relation of the PortTE to the present Ambassador of Great Britain ? If we are rightly informed, that functionary has practically ceased to have anyr dealings with the Ministers of the Sovereign to whom he is accredited. They may be in the dark about the Serpents' Island or anything else, but they need seek no information from Lordt SrATFoRD DE REDCLIaFE. T he facts of the case are, we are told, as follows :-The Government of which AAr.r PAsHA is the chief is regarded by the Ambassador with a dislike which he does not even care to. conceal. It is a Government of the average kind, containing one upright and able man-AAn PASHA himself-and the usual contingent of selfish and incapable politicians. Lord STAr-T roRD has been desirous of certain changes, which the representative of such a Power as England, acting temperately and discreetly, might have easily obtained. But the English Ambassador has alienated not only the weak Sovereign, but every man with any remains of spirit, by the intolerable arrogance of his conduct. Before the war his position as the oldest and most experienced diplomatist in the capital gave him an authority-which he might have used for the permanent benefit of his country. But personal influence and personal display seem to have been his objects on all occasions. ABDUL MEDJI and his advisers were to learn the power of lord SAT'r FORD DE RRDCLIFFE, not to feel the kindness and good sense of an English Ambassador. The consequences may be imagined. Another Power has taken the lead. The PORTE relies on the French Embassy for guidance, support, and sympathy. Lord STrATFOID is powerless. The SULTAW dislikes and disregards him; he can no longer make or unmake even an inferior Mnister. Therefore he has nothing to do but to isolate himself in an affectation of dignity, and exhibit his antipathy to the Government which has now ceased to permit his interference. That all this is to the detriment of England may readily be believed. At this great crisis in Eastern affairs, when the armies of the alliance have just left the land, when the new institutions of Turkey are to be brought into play, when plans for the development of its resources are being formed, when, in short, a new career is opening for its multitudinous races, England and all her interests are represented by an unhappy old man, at war with the Sovereign and the Government to whom he is accredited, and incapable of any plans for the promotion either of national or general interests. Surely at such a time we need a mn of a character different from that which has now become so painfully notorious. Unless this country be well represented at the scene of such great changes, an opportunity may be lost which another generation may strive in vain to recall.
It may with truth be asserted that much has been gained by the late war. Yeot only have The direct objects been atined, bat we stand with respect to our adversary in a higher position than of yore. The great reputation of the Russian empire has passed away. The pressure on Europe has almost ceasede It is demonstrated even to the mot ill-informed continental that our Indian empire has nothing to dread from the ambition of the Czars. The two seas of eastern Europe and the two Statea which hold their coasts are, for the present at least, securx from aggression. The war, then, has been a useful and a successful war, but when we wish to apply the epithet " glorious" vwe must hesitate and make a distinction. Glorious it certainly has been in the valour of our troops, the honesty, resolution, and devotedness of the people-in the proof it has given of English firmness and English capacity to carry out what has been undertaken. But there have been shortcomings notorious to all mankind; and, as this country has been always exposed to the envy, the iwif, and misrepresentation of less fortunate communities, the most has been made of such deficiencies, we have lost much fame and much high character, and every man of sense must feel that the depreciatory remarks which the traveller on the continent wl hear on every side are not I deserved. England failed utterly in playing a great part in the late campaigns. From the beginning to the end mistakes, quarrels, shortaightednesz, want of skSl, want of common professional knowledge, marred the exertions of the Brtish army. Fiosn thre first reconnaissance in Bulgaria -to- the last attack on the -Redan there were, ou the testimony of highpleced officers themselves, proofs of unmistakeable ineapacity and folly. The men died, tho horsea died, the holpita&a were wVitliout stores, th camp "without vintu'als. A brigadiergeneral of. cavalry executes a move-ment which the General of Division decL-res to have imapaired his forces, -while the General of ;Division orders a charge which his subordinate takes every occasion to sneer at as indicative of ignoramce or worse. In fact, through the whole campaign we can discover nothing to console our national pride, except acts of personal bravery in the-field, -or the narrative of still more heroic devotion. in the hospital and the transport-ship. Yet we had begun to gather comfort even' from t-his sad episode in our history. Englana had learnt a lesson from thce war in the East. A selfish anld incapable clique at the HDrse Guards had given us unskilful Generals and disorganized departments, had reduced the 'army of this great empire to a contingent, had made the venerablename of England a subject of scoffing for tne scribes of Russian gazettes or the loungers in Viennese caf6s. -But for the opinion of such people Dinglishmen cared very little. It was best t'o know our own deficiencies, and by the !ate war we had discovered them;- and were "therefore on the way to a remedy. At first the apologists for, the Crimean leaders had little to say. In the face of great calamities and g,aling failures thev wete obliged tobe silent, orto confine themselvesto vague declamations against publicity and the press. But a few months of peace have given the actors in this disastrous drama a new courage. Peace aid great national prosperity have softened the angryfeelings of the nation. Substantial results vrung from the enemy have made people forgetful of their former perils and misgivings. The Crimean army has returned, and each household welcomes a son, a orother, or an acquaintance. A feeling both private and patriotic urges every family to look with fondness on the gallant men who have been spared to them, and to gloss over any passages in the campaign which seem to lessen the brilliancy of their achievements. Each officer tells the story of his own division or regiment, and his hearers are apt to forget in this limited narrative the great events of the war. Hence it cannot be wondered that the real facts which have been laid before the country are being daily hidden beneath a veil of well-intentioned but still daugerous fiction. Certain aristocratic officers have chosen the opportunity for reasserting what has been again and again demolished,' the reputation of the British leaders in the Crimsa, and of the system which they made, and which in turn made them. We extract from our contemporary the Daily !?ue*s an article on this subject. With the opinions there expressed we entirely agree. There can be no doubt that such speeches as those delivered at Leeds and Ludlow are a falsification of history. The officers there entertained have seized the occasion of a friendly or patriotic reception to express authoritatively a judgment which has no true foundation. If these orations demand of the public press a return to a subject which is not a little painful, the speakers and the body they belong to have only themselves to thank. Why can they not allow Lord RAGLAN'S name to rest in peace? Why must they bring continually their dead commander on the stage and invite unfriendly criticism by their miserable eulogies ? The late Lord RA&GrA was a man whom all who knew him respected. In certain departments of military administration he was, no doubt, able and experienced. Before the war he had, with the full approbation of the public, received a peerage, and might have been advanced to the highest post at the Horse Guards; but events have proved that he was not fitted for the command of an army on active service. It is enough to say that he knew what the British army was, and yet did not know what must be the necessary result of its organization. He had not foresight, nor promptness, nor the power of controlling his subordinates. He was unprepared for the calamities which befel his army, and when they came we find no trace of great exertions to surmount them. Even the victories of which he shared the honour seem to have been little due to any strategical abilities on his part. In short, it is plain to any man who looks on the matter without prejudice that Lord RAGLAN was nisplaced when the Government selected him for the command in the East. Noow he is gone, and the events in which he bore a part have passed into history. There would be no object in discussing his merits if the military clique to which he belonged, and which may hope to profit by the abuses of the system which he helped to create, did not take every opportunity to extol his capacity and conduct as a means of bringing discredit on all who have criticized their own shortcomings. We protest against this laudation, not from any antipathy to Lord RAGrLA., nor even from any abstract love of historical justice, but because such statements, if believed, will go far to lose us all the advantage which dearly-bought experience in the last war ought to afford. It must be remembered that military reform is stiU far from complete. There are the changes necessitated by the war, and there are the material appliances of trains and transport corps. But better education, a higher professional spirit, a more complete organization, a more extended practice, are things which can only grow up by time, which the national dissatisfaction is likely to create, but which such notions as have been lately promulgated may possibly defer until another epoch of trial and disaster. Let it be therefore once more said that the British army suffered from the incapacity of its chiefs, the highest of them not excepted. Let it be understood that the events of that time are not to be slurred over or falsified, but remembered as a lesson for the future. By these means the natien will turn the very disasters 'whicn have lowered its name in Europe into a foundation of future greatness. No such oratory as has been lately listened to should be allowed to blind the public to facts which less partial communities daily comment on. While in the eyes of both allies and enemies our army was reduced to a contingent by the incapacity of its ehiefs, no provincial ispeeches. at home can permanently raise the cha:racter of the men who thus worked its ruin aand :lowered the national fame.
The appointment of a Minister to succeed the late Sir W. Tmiixxx at the Court of Naples is, in the present state of the Italianpeninsula3 a question of lie most serious nature. It is fiora Italy pre-eni3lently that the peace of the -world is threatened. )rn the disiant East, and on the other side of the Aitlntic, we have, for the time at least, got rid of the most serious complications. On the worst hypothesis, it will require some years ere Russia zecovers from the prostration consequent upon the contest which 'was terminated the other day hy the Treaty of Paris. If we regard the concessions inade by that Power simply as expedients to gain time, still time is required before she will be able to renew her aggresions in such a manner as will inLvolve Europe in fresh 'war. From the far West we have even less cause for apprehension. It was almost worth while incurriug the risks of tho dispute for the sake of the practical conclusion that Vhe people of this country and the citizens of the Urnited States will not be forced into a diplomatic wvar. If we turn from these far weightier wmsiderations to the two points in Europe at' which danger 3may be said at the present moment to eL st-we mean Spain and Italy,-at the first wre find no cause for serious alarm. The Governmenta of! France and Great Britain have profited by the lesmons of the past. Whether matters take au insurrectionaiy or a reicionss turn in Sptin, the Spaniards } will be left to mettlo their own-i> airi in their own way. The -Pyrenoee constitute a quarantine line within, which ihe danger will be confined. .Happily, for the peace of the world, to the southward of this Lound4y; the country is entirely in the hands of Spaiiards, and will not in any case be made tho CGCipit for foreign armies asa in bygone timesl Italy remains; and, as far as human foresight can scan the future, it is in this quarter-that we mtint look for the first outbreak of fresh troubles. i, thenu, there be any virtue in the'time-honoured science of diplomacy, let its efficacy be tried at this point. Let us have the best men- that England can send to represent her, at least at Trin, at lorencee at Taples. We know not that they will be able to effect much, but at least let iis not. throw away a chance. Let bus ba adequately represented atthose pointa where danger is -most imminent. Of Florence we fear it would: be idle to speak, Old party ties, old political associations, old private friendships will continue io avail more than the public good. A pleasant retreat has been provided for a statesman oppressed with age, and, we sinoerely regret to add, with bodily infirmities. England is not represented in Central Italy ai; the present time, and to this conclusion we must resign ourselves. At Naples, however, the case is different. There an actual vacancy exists.: There is no awkwardness to be got over in the instant appointment of a proper person to represent us at that Court. There tan be no difficultys.in the face oyI such iminiiient n-ecessity, in postponing merely privat6 claims. which mnight at any other moment be allowed. without such obvious injurry to the public service. *Who is the best man in3England at the present momentfo represent hiscountry at the Court of the Two Sicilies-we care not whether or no he be a member of the diploruatic corps ? In point of fact the urgency of the case is so great that the appointment becomes viHtually, if not in terms, that of a special envoy. The d iplomatic list will searcely furnis us -with the name of a mnm equal to the occasion. We do not require a dexterous negotiator; we do not want the services of a professor deeply Iversed in the more recondite arcana of diplomacy. All such points can easily be disposed of at the Foreign-office in London, or at the Ministry for Foreign Affairs at Paris. No. great acquirements as a linguist are even necessary for our fiture representative at Naples. A decent knowledge of ?rench and Italian wiiU suflice. There is no reason for conferring the post upon any great noble. We do not want pomp and theatrical representation at Naples, for there is no kind of majesty to which the King of the Two SIcnrrS will attach much importance just now save the chastened splendour of an English fleet. Above aU thingJ, we do not want any renewal of the escapades of our philosophic and official statesmen, which have never had any other result than that of making the name of England ridiculous throughout continental Europe. What we do waant is a man of known character on the liberal side in polities who has already given so many pledges in the course of his publio car. er that he cannot recede from them without infamy. He mrust be gifted with peculiar I firmness as well as moderation of temper, for, no doubt, cajolery and an offensive bearing will be adopted in turn towards the Eglih, hEnvoy. EIe must not be deluded by the one, nor intimidated by the other. More than this, we should wish to see him chosen from among those statesmen who have taken a leading part in !*oisamercial legislation. Sir W. TnEurr., who possessed certain high qualities which fiMted h him in some measure for the post he so long occupied, was notoriously deficient on aU points relating to economic science. He did not care for the subject, and did not understand it. This was very unfortunate for our interests, and the consequences of his ignorauce have been felt on many points of negotiation of serious importance to the interests of British comnmerce. Above all, the chief requisite in our new Envoy to the Court of Naples is that he should be pessessed of an English mind. We want a man who wiU represent EngIland, not a man who will represent IVatel and the fashions of a continental salon. The very worst person for the post would be one so hackneyed in the ways of foreiga capitals that he would have well niga entirely lost sight of English feelings and English ways of thought. It is the curse of our diplomatic service as at present constituted that persons who attai to any degree of distinction in ithave.as au indispensable condition of their advancement, courted expatriation from their earliest years. They may by long habit have acquired some little dexterity in manipulatiorn, but this is not very important after all. What is gained in form is lost in substance. A diplomatist can only renew his vigour by a roll upon his mother earth. Such a veil of mystery is thrown round the pompous inauities of diplomacy that not many persons, in all probability, are in a condition to judge how much we have suffered from entrusting the public interests to a set of Anglo-Frenchmen, Anglo-Italians, Anglo-Germans, Anglo-Spaniards. A pretty accurate conceptioni, however, of the real state of the case may be formed by any one who has happened in the course of his life to come across Englishmen who have spent fifteen, twenty, thirty years of their time abroad. On these grounds, then, as a general rule, we would gladly see the chief diplomatic appointments thrown open to the competition of all statesmaen. Let them be no longer confined to the members of a very exclusive profession, which has been sadly tainted with nepotism and favouritism of the worst hida. Still, if the faulty rule were maintained as at present, the circumstances of Naples at the present moment-and, indeed, of the Italian peninsula generally-are so very exceptional as to justify-nay, Ito necessitate-a departure from precedent. The very name, of the new Envoy to Naples should imply; the resolution of the English Covermnent thatl England is to be trifled with- no more.- Nor should the appointment be delayed. We deprecate any hesitation which mray imply that there ies any further uncertainty or vacillation in the councils of Great BritainT as to the policy which for the future we shall pursule in the Italian peninla. __
TH: AfEDITBREAN. (BY ELECTRIC TEI^EGRAH. SOUTHAMPTOX, THEDAY, , A.M. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Ava, Captain Field, has arrived with the India, China, and Meditenanaan mails.
COURT COIICULA. BAIMORAL, SEPT. 2. HIer ajeety thoQquecn and the Pnince Consort waked out yesterday morning. In the aternoon Her Majesty, attended by the Marchiones of Ely and theBArl of ClArendon, drove to the ffla of the Gxr Valt. The Prince went out deermstalking. Hecr Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, the Prinoess Amelia of Eohenlohe43chilling{ust Lord andP Lady James Mury, and La>dy Augosta Bruce dined wit;h Her hijeet yeterday. __________ TEx AsTL IL -Y POO, Sept. S. -The Ba1 gail M hip Narco Yolo, belonng to the Black B-line, i advertised to sil on the5th lorMelbourne She has ontbharda large cargo and about400 p5ngers. ThIS afternoon, o'winztothe announoemeut that the Kent is off Dover, with iomn Melboume to the 10th of Juane, the owners of the areo Polo have tel- graphed tothe Poet ter-ril, aed ng {or person to detan their ibip util Snndaw to giove merhants sothrs an opporkunity of anwernn8 letts fikesyiay recdeveby the
SALhE OF POISONflS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I was munh gratified on perusing your excelleut leader of the 22d inst on the recent trial of Jane Newton for having administered atsenie to her husband with intent to marder him. I entirely concur in your views as to the necessity.of restricting the sale of this terrible poison. Having devoted some time to examing the evils resuiting to society from the indiscriminate sae of all classes of poisons, and having also submitted to Government suggestions for improvemen's in the law for bettcr regnlating their sale, 1 claim the indulgence, through lihe medium of your columns, to lay before your readers a few facts not generally known. Thefollowing analysis of deaths fr~om poison in England alone, taken from the wegistrar-General's Reports for si2; years past, shows some of the results arzising from the present system:- Here, then, the st=rtlingfact appeas that536 persons upon an average are annually poisoned-ten in every week, or one in every 16 hours, irrespective of those who die from the same meIns (whose trae cause of death is only lMown to those who possess the dreadful secret of murder), and are registered with those who die from cause unknowvn" "sudden death.n or by the " visitationof God." On examination of the books of the General Hospital in Birmingham, I find that 63 cases oI poisoning had occurred in eightgears, and oatof that number arsenic had only been used in three instances. The number of females was 42, and males 21. The deaths out of that number were only 5, making, in rouad numbers, 1 death to every 12 cases of poisoning. It will not, I tbink, be unreasonable to infer that the average deaths from poison in proportion to those who have been the subjects of poison will be the same throughout tho country-yiz., 1 in every 12. According, then, to this computation,we have another important fact, that 6,432 persons of all ages annually either take poison themselves or have it admitistered to them by others, and almost in every instance avowedly for the ourposes of self-destruction or murder by ether parties. The question which nnturally arises for solation is-what are the causes? They may be divided into two classesprimary and secondary; the one, which human agency may control or mitigate to some extent, bhu not entirely subdue, are diversified in their character, in each individual case, emanating either from an idea, a desire, or a circumstance, uncontrolled and unrestrained by the higher and better qualities of man's moral nature; the other arising fTom the facilities afforded for giving effect to such idea, desire, or circumstance. It is with secondary causes, then, that we have to deal, and 1 apprebend there are but few pewns but will admit that the unrestricted sale of poisons is one great secondary cause. In 1331 the number of chymists and druggists in England vrws 5,835, while in 1851 there were 3,632 men and 12 women carrying on business under the age of 20 years, and 11,701 men and 298 women of 20 years of age ard upwards (exclusive of 15,163 surgeon3 and apothecaries), makting a grand imperial host of 15,643 person unrestricted, uncontroUed, and irresponsible, with a stock in trade sufficient to depopulate the whole continent of Europe. The present law for restricting the sale of arsenic was passed in 1851. The average number of deaths annuaUy for three years previous to this enactment was 549, and for the three subsequent years (inclusive of the year 1851) was 523, the deaths being only lessened 26 out of 549. This shows that other poisons are resorted to, and if deaths from poison are to be lessened by an enactment, all those that are available and purchasable should be purchased with difficulty by those persons who require them otherwise than for legitimate purposes. The interests and geneza safety of the public demand a judicious restriction. An act like the present, simply prohibitory with lax provisions, will not encompass the evil. There ought to be one judicial and administrative head invested with authority to grant licenses, and armed with strong powers, who has all the poison shops and poison vendors under his ^iontrol and sub. jectto his official glance, onewhowill seethat the provisions of the act are strictly obeyed, or the phins, penalties, and forfeitures rigidly enforced. On the 2d of June last I forwarded to Lord Campbell, and also to Lord Palmerston, sugngestions for improving the law, and, from what took place in the House of Lords on the lOth of last month, the countrymay reasonably anticipate that during the next session the whole system will be under the consideration of Parliament. Without entering into detail and occupying too much space, I may state that the advantages to be derived from an enautment framed upon the general principles contained.. in the suggestions would be as follows:- ]. A suppression of indiscriminate poison selling as it novw exists, and a restriction of the facilities for the commission of crime. 2. The number of dealers would be diminished; none but respectable parties would register. G.eat cau-, tion would be exercised by the seller, and in most cases the principal (and not the beardless assistant or carles aprence)would tak;e the responsibi.'ity of sale;* par. tie wh qed the article for legitimato purposes would have no difficulty in procrinug it from a vendor to.whom t,hey were 7nown, while the poisoner would have difficulty and trouble, and would pause ore he coimnitted the first act in the crime of murdler. Sales would be less freonent, fewer cases of poisonin w ould occur; human lfe be less endangored, and society made more secure. 3. The facilities for discovering the person guilty of administering poison would ho great. So person could t,hen purchase poison (no niatter 'now potent and mnysterious its agency) bat the unae of the purchaser and all other particalars would be in possion of the authorities, by means of the quarterly and other retatus, thereby -aing detection alost unmodiate wand certain. 4. Theevidence of purchase would be conclusive by production of the vendors register-book with the purchaser's and witness's signatures thereto. On criminal trials wit-| ne6seswould bh relieved from the paiul an-d often embarrassing position of givin' imoportant evidenee of the sale to a purchaser,unnsupported by any corroborative testimonyi Deaths from accidental poisoning rising from mistakes on sale would be urevented, and the vendorwould not be liable to dispense a aeadly p;oion instead of a mild spe. rient. 6. Assuming two-thirds of itepresentliumber of chymnists to obtain oertialcates, the annual amoontrealized would not be far short of 10,0001.-au amount probably sufflicient to cover the worldng expenses of the act, insmuch as the officers of the inland irTeene deypartment might be employed in givnDg effect to its operation. |7. Apublic good would be realised by simple mens The .consumer wrould pay the cost, as the seller, would increase heo 7rice of the article sold, on account of paying for his eerthficate. Imay, however, ia conclusion ask-, why should John Jones, the grocer, be compeled to pay for an annual licena to sell ta by retail, 0o WidoW Smith to vend tobacco, vhile David Bolus, who lives on the oppoite aide of the street, with his sign emblazoned with mortar and _estle, and "Jaa no oonnexion with any -other house #aes poison to all comers, and is exempt? If it isrnghtthat a ioense bouid be granted to the one to vend a luur, it cannot be wrong to licese the other to sell A poiLon. If there is no injustice, there is, to -y the least, an inequality, Is 3m. Sir. -your most obedient servant. WALTER WITLrnL Barkerstm,k Hanadorti, Birmingbam, Aug. 26.
FAZL OF J*oUS.w iz,OD HEf fTy 1 POV3 rM -: 11 . .WL SE. Z i- YeSedriy m3ornin&Just: after midnight,. a o1it 'aocidw4 eaunlting in the death of four utortuak.Ao aud a,rious injuries to seveal others, occiad in thUifl of Ahol iut Little Swan:ailey, situasteat the ra ,of. -oksa. hodse-yard- And on' the 'east -side of Xoorg9a%tes Ths x4igbourhood uf the catastrophe swarms with popaltion, ehiefyof merbu ble clasw, who livefor thermo*jrt i= xsma wretched houses in the last stage of dlA4ditioeru and let out- in - single rooms at small, smiu ,. lete weekly. It -is s labyrinth of little .vourtE and alleys, dingy and ill-veatilAted, and presiMts a atriking contirast to the broad handsome Whoro4faze" abutting uqpou _the Beak of England, ie it6 itijediate Tcicnty. The house in question consitecd of two--floors, 'witlh a ellar, hailf underground, beneath, and it -was .occz pied by three separate families,, numbering in the aggregate 15 persons. On the first floor, in a single room*at th_ bacl, wr* amannamed Palmer, about 30years of ge,a lab6ourerin the docks with his wife and five chldren. three- of whomz were the offspring of the wife by a former husb3nd, natnod Pullen-namely, Elizabeth Pullen, agedl4; Jame-, 12; and Thomas, 5.. Theae three, with Palmer, the husband, hava lost their lives; the mother and a baby escaped almost unhurt in a mannei little less than miraculous, and the remiing member of the family, a lite; boy WASspAed by living ont in a situation. Henry KW, his wife, and three children, with Jane Hsdwin, a imaiden sister of the wife, lved on the top floor, as did also I man and his Wife (a paralytic) named Sibert, without chilaren. The basement part of the house was unocupied, a family of seven persons having recently removed from it. With the exception of the unfortmRate man Pamer and his three step-children, all the inmates hive been saved alive, though they have sustained injunries more or less severe, but rone of them of a nature likely to prove fataL.- t -At the dead. of night., whe- rmost of the unhappy people were in bed, the whole house fell with a fearful crasb, entombing nearly the 'whole of them alive among theruins. A scene of the most harrowing hind ensued. The grons And screams of several of the inmates, bhrued-in places beyond the reach of human aid, at least in time to pesserve life, were heard minglingwitlthe lamnentations of afirighled women and children who h1a escaped, and the nexi rela. tives of those who were suffering a horrible death. Police. constable Hewitt, No. 154, on duty at the time inthe vicinity, was on the spot immediately after the tccident, and, vith some of the neighbours and others whom the noisehadalso attracted,madethemostpraiseworthy exertions to afford aid to the unfortunate sufferers, whose crie's were heartrending. Intelligence of the catastrophe was soon conveyed to the Moor-lane police-station, in the neighbour. hood, and Inspector Todhunter shortly afterwards alaived with as many of the city police as he could collect at the tine, who did good service in preventing too many people crowding near the locality and in assisting to extricate the people btuied in the ruins, in which their exertions were above all praise, though, unfortumately, not in aU- cases suocessfuL In this work of mercy, also, George Garnham, a bricklayer, the policeman Hewitt, George Iock, a costermnonger in Moor-lane, a chimneywveeper named Williams, Henry Moor, a cabman, and- William Parry, a nephew of the unfortunate man Palmer, distinguished themselves more or less, and especially Garnham and Williams, by the prodigious efforts they made. The attendance of M1r. Child, surgeon, of Finsbury-pavement, was promptly obtained, and that gentleman, with Mr. Meeth, a surgeon residing in Grange-row, Hoxton, who happened to be passing at the time, rendered every assistanco to such of the sufferers as were dug out of the dibris alive, and sought to reanimtel the yet warm bodies of those from whom it was Itought life had barely fled. It was some little time before the dense cloud of dust occasioned by the fall of the build-. ing cleared away, bht when it did so the bystanders set to work to reach the sufferers with intense earnestness. They first discovered a woman with an infant in her arms near the entrance to the fallen build. ing, whe prbved to be Mrs. Palmer and her child, and who were carried to an adjoining house. Of the two tbe baby was the more hurt, bhit 3neither of them was seriously injured, so little, indeed, that it was not thought necessary to taL-e them to an hospital. The men at work coud still hearthe groans of others in the rains, and continuing their humane enterprise with renewed vigour they came to Mr Ring, who was found vith her baby clasped in her arms, and both were stil alive. Providentially, when she was thrown down a beam fell across her shoulder, but io as to protect rather than crush her, and she had presence of mind to hold her infant beneath it when the dip3ris was faling. about her on aU sides. The child was injured, but not dan. gerously, and it nov lies at St. Bartholomew's Hosoital, along with Jane Hadwin, the sister of MSrs. Mng, wvho was also rescued from the rains after sustaining some hurt by the accident. Mrs. King herself was more shaken thaD in. jured, and last night was so far recovered as to be able to wall' about without assistance; but her husband, who was not quite so fortunate, lies at the hospital suffering from the injuries inflicted upon him. Pursuing their labours still further, they worked downwards among the bricks and rabbish until they found, first, the body of the unhappy man Palmer, and then those of his three step. children, all of whom were dead, though still warm. Mrs. King and her child were got out about half an hour after the accident, but, with all their exertions, it was about a quarter past 2 o'dlock, two hours after the eslamity, before Palmer was found; while his step-daughter, who was the last person missing, was not discovered tiU nearly 3 o'clock. PdAiserandtwo of hischildren were immedialelyremoved to the Hospital of St. Bartholomew, there being some hopes at first that life might yet be restored to them; but his stepdaughter, who was quite dead, was removed, to the dead. house in Colema- street, in the immediate neighbouraood. She was a pretty, well-conducted girl, and niuch respected by all who mnew her. Her poor mother, on whom this great calamity has fallen, remains for the present in an inconsolable state. Palmer and his three children were fonid in the cellar of the building, so that they must have fallen through the floor of the apartment in which they lived. He was dressed in his trousers and shirt, bht all the rest of the sufferers were found in their uight clothes. The eldest boy of Mrs. Palmer was playing in the alley in front of the house when it fell, and so escaped. She herself last night made a statement in reference to the atcident, which vwe give in her own words. The poor creature was almost convulsed in grief while she related tho circumstances. She said,-" We occupied the back room onthe first floor of the house, for which I paid Mr. Crane 2s. a-week rent There were my husband and myself, the baby in my arms myboy, who was out in asituation, and my other childrenElirabeth, James, and Thomas PuUen, by aformermarriage. Welivedintheoneroom. Myhusbandisadock labourer, and lam in the habit of going out washing and earning a trifle. I was out washing on Tuesday, and received Is. Gd., and wan very tired. Myypoor boy was kept later at work at his sitution than usual, and so his life was saved. About 9 o'clock I was preparing my husband's supper, when I heard a noise as if the walls were cracldng, and saw dust falling from the ceiling. I saidl to my husband, 'Oh, I am sura the house is falling.' He replied that Iwas always thinking so, and that it was the man in the next room sharpening his knif;e. I said that would not cause the walls to Crask or the dust to fall, and I w sure the hous must be fallng. Nothing further was said, however; we had our supper, and shortly after 10 o'clock we wentito bed. Iam weaningthe boy in my arms, and, in consequence of his crying, I got up about five minutes to 12 o'clockand gave him some milk. He fell asleep inr my arms, when I felt the boards of the floor shaking under me. This was a few minutes after 12 oclock. I felt the shaling of the floor more and mors, and called out to my poor ehu mand, " Oh, Good. God! the house is faling; Isave ny poor childreu." He got up, put on his trousers, wna s going to the corner of the room where my three ehildnrenlay on the floor, to save them, unodoubt. Thatisthe lat I saw of them. I ran to the rs, screaming for Mrs. Kingto escape with herfamily. Asu got towards the bottom of the stair they gave way under mex Iand asthohousefell I was thrown out, withmyboyinly ars, on to the pavement in the court. I cma recollect little more than that I and my baby were saved, and that we were nearly suffocated by the clouds of dust. Mfy child Wa hurt by the falL I have lstely had strong doubts I ibout the security of the house, and had tked to tmy husband about- leaving. Iast Saturday night we*k . Crane caed upol me for 2s., tke week's rent. I told him he had betterhave sometfing doue to te fireplace, for it was not sfe, and tlhe cildren would fall into the cellar some of these days. Thmere w a crack by tawlside of the fiepla He sad he wold all in ah few days and lookto it. He went away, but nothing ka, bee done to the plae or the house. I p id my rent Iat Sunday, nd Iam now in the most deetitub ctirenma I Ieent ix. 6d. by going out wgaing on the Tuesday, whi*h I ptt uder my bed, and I am in hopcsh I u And.it. ldt night a houe iummdiately adjoining the fallen on% aud. which it lleft in a daogss es at w ooms demolsed with lview'to peut an ofat a siia kind; and throhout the dar th eea approcet thUe alley were be leDidad jntheebe p es poieeunen, so as topreeu demr to te ~wblle. aw bodi efth decee awat a ccer' inquwa, whic will Tis tAmrlib Mr&-imon Bep412 .3 } f s e t h e s d ,~~~~~th TheUnite SIstes snaiL sbssme Atlanti w1sd iS Is. day fec Naifa Sad BOAst with lIt P~MsUusMLe &]&no
M .TARY -vi X,4 VAL IKTBLLIGNE I -- : The Lords ofthe Aimiraity concludei their official intpecldoi of Portsmouth on Tuesday, and in the .evening teortained thohea~s of deaartments at the George HoteL. hirk Lordshipa-prmnoened Lieutenant Fenwick,. of hIie RoIIr, to the rank of commander. Yesterday morning the'y t4,11 their departure for town,ud Vic-Admiral Sir Georgo seymour Isft in the Black Eagle Admiralty steam-tender for the Channel ilaands. The command of the fleet at Portsmouth during Sir George's absence devolves upon Bomr-Admiral- Lrtin, suprinatendent of tho dockyard, whohas shifted hia flaxgfromthe St Vincent to the Victory, Pso tem. Sir George Seymou?r wiU return about the 15th. By the Peninsula r-nd Oriental Company's screw steamer -Alhmbrn,-which arriveo at Southampton yesterday' with the Peinsiuar mails, we have received the following intel. lignce from Gibraltar.:-Tho sailing-transport Hereford. shire, with about 800 officers and men of the Land Transvort Corps, which iwre wrecked in the Spartan steamer off the coaSt of Tunis, sailed from Gibraltar for England on the 23d -lt. The sailing-transport White. Ragle, with 135 =en of the same corps and a ca;go of returxed stores, left the same day for Spithead. The British sailing transports Camperdowvn end Pemberton, with, returned stores, &d., sailed for Portsmouth on the 24th. The steam-transport Firey, from Vana, with a cargo of returned flour, &c., wisich was landed at Gibraltar, vwas preparing to leave for ingland; also the sailingtransport Crest of the Wave. Her Iljsty's steam corvette Enrotas, sailed for Portsmouth on the 26th nlt. The sailing transports Miriam and Mary Ann 'were at Gibraltar en route for England. The Sultana, with fEoops on board, had passed the Garrison. Yesterday morning, a draught of convalescent Crimean -lavalids, to the number of 56 non-commissioned officers and Men, from various regiments, left the Invalid dep6t, St, Nary's-barracks, Chathzm, under the command of Ensign T. S. Mitchell,409th Regiment, for the purpose of proceed. Bag to Dublin to join thei: respective depOts in Ireland. The whole of tho men had been invalided home from the Crimea on account of wounds or siekness, but have sufficiently recovered to be able to rejoin their respective regiments. A draught of the East India Company's Sappsrs and hiners, to the number of 23 non-commissioned officers and men, are under orders to proceed from the head-quarters of the Royal Engineers, at Chiatham, this day, to Warley, Previously to their embarking for India, where they are to be employed in engineering operations. Intlligence was circulated throughout Chatham garrison yesterday morning that Sergeant William James, pay ser geant to the 10th company of the Royal Sappers and Miners, land nbsconded, taking with him a considerable sum of the public money which had been intrusted to him, the amount of which cannot be accurately ascertained. The sergeant was not discovered to have absconded until " tattoo," when he was found to be absent. He has hitherto borne a good Character. and has but recently returned from the Crimea. The huts at Prince Henry's Bastion, Chatham, in which the troops belonging to the Royal Sappers and Mines are quartered-have had some considerable imEprovements made in them, in order to protect the troops against the severe weather during the winter months. These improvements have been made under the directions of Colonel HL Savage, the commanding Royal Engineer at Chatham, and will not only add to 'he health and comfort of tho soldier, bue will also render the hats an ornament to the garrison. The non-commissioned officers and men belonging to the Royal Sappers and Miners prefer occupying the huts to the regular barracks. Captain Mackay's company, No. 6 of the 8th battalion Boyal Artilery, I-ft head-quarters, Woolwich, yesterday 2or Dublin. The company consisted of Captain Rotton (in temporary command), Captain C. G. Johnson, Lieutenant HB C. Farrell, and 130 non-commissioned officers and gun. ners. Three sergeants, 3 gunners, and 1 civil artifieer arrived at Woolwich on Tuesday night from Portsmouth, having beea landed there from the troop ship Resistance, from the East. These men were detached from their company in Sebastopol, and left there-in charge of the remaining stores, which they embarked and accompanied to England; consequently, they were the last of the British troops there. Captain Elgees company of the 6th battalion Royal AirtiUlery yesterday commenced a course of repository instructions at W0 oleich, preparatory to their distribution on various stations. The freight ship Waterloo is shipping slng carts, forage w7aggons, powder cases, and other light ordnance stores, end ammunition for Sydney, from Woolwich ArsenaL The Rose is embarking a similar cargo for the Cape, and the Voltigeur shot and ammunition for Halifax. The Favourite Iass is likewise loading ammunition, &c., for Newfoundland. The Alert sailed yesterday with ordnanee stores end ammunition for the Cape of Goed Hope. The steamer Trafalgar embarked at Liverpool yesterday 2 officers and 100 men belonging to the Royal Artillery, and 'Ealed the same day for Dubln. The following General Order has been issued by the Lieutenant-Genera commanding in Ireland:- " Aug. 28.-With reference to the instractions of his Royal Hi,ghness the General Commanding-in-Chief relative to the proposed distribution of the army in Ireland, the dis. tricts of Belfast, Kilkenny, and Limerick will be discontinued as soon as arrangements can be made to carry into effect the reorganization for the proposed divisional commads. "The troops stationed in the counties of Dublin, Meath, Westmeath, and Galway (rumning due west), and in all counties to the north of the line, will be under the control for discipline and ordinary details, and report to the general officer commanding in Dublin. " The troops stationed in the counties of Kidare, Wick. low Wexford, Queen's County, Kines County, Clare, lariow, and Elkcenny will, in like manner, be under and report to the general offlicer commanding at Curragsh. "The troops stationed in the counties of Cork, Water. ford, Tipperary, limerick, and Kerry will be under the oruers of end report to the general offlcer commanding at Ctork. "The supreme control and command of the whole being -'ed in the general commanding in Ireland. "By command of the general commanding. " Signed by the Deputy-Adjutant-General." Fermoy bazracks are to be enlarged to contain 8,000 or more men, for which purpose Sir G. Abercrombie offered considerable facilities to the military authorities. The plans and estimates of the new buildings are stated to be ozready prepared, andh'e at the Cork Barracks at the present maoment. There are 120 acres of exercise ground adJoining the barracks, water is abundant, and the situation is zeckoned the healthiest for troops in Ireland. Untii within the last fortnight the number of troops stationed at Fermoy amounted to 3,000, but this number has been considerably lessoned by theremoval of several regiments. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- lieutenant G. D. Broad, to the Cruiser; lieutenant E. T. Nott, to the BMedsma; Lieutenant E. M. ianson, to the 3 edusa; W. S. Barow, midshipman, to thePrincess Royal; F. T. Vanderkenlin, midshipman, to the Cnsar; Tom HL Falcon. naval cadet, to the Centurion; J. W. Gambier, W. L P.R Gipps, and E. C. Royse, naval cadets, to the Retribqtion.
THE Lt%rn Sm RICHARD WysTBACoTr, R.AThere was a time when the death of Sir Richard Westma. cott would have created more Eensation in the world of art, both in England and on the continent, than is likely now to be the case 'when a younger race of sculptors have arisen, 'ith a new school more or les; of their own creation. Sir Richard died at his town residence in South Audley-street an the Ist inst., in his 82d year. after an ilness of about three weeks' duration. Richard Westmacott was born in London in 1775, and showing early signs of his future vocation, adopted the profession of a sculptor when he was quite a child. Having received the first rudiments of inatruction in the studio of his father, who was a sculptor of some little eminence in Mount-street, Grosvenor-square, he visited Rome in 1793, where he is said to have studied fora time under Canova. Bethis as it may, inthe foUowing year he received from the Academy of Elorencs their first re mium for sculpture, and the medalof HEisHoliness in 179 i 'which year he 'was also elected a member of the Academy of Elorence. Hlaving passed soa~~me in the classic regions of Ita1y, and made himnself f 'with the bt remains of ancient ax, he returned to England, and atablished himself in the 'west-end of L;o1don, whore he -soon gained an extensive reputation. In 1805theRoyal Academy of London elected him an as_ociate of their body, sad he became in 1816 a Royal academian. The 'works of at by whica he was best knowm, are his statues of Addison Pitt, and Erakine, his statues of the late Duke of Bedford end of Charles James Fox, in Bedford and Russell-squares, and his monuments to Sir Ralph Abercromby, Lord Colling 'wood, and others in Westminster Abbey and St. Paul's Cathedral. together with the elegant and classical Wre of Psyche, so much admired by every lover of art for its ele=0nc Of form and chastity of expression. Besides these te designed the colossl sitatue of AchiUes in Hyde Park, and The statue, of N~elson a' the Liverpool Exchange, and, to-ether with laXlnann nd RBagy, aportion of the fgures on the rieze of the nmrble arch oriinally erected at 23aeldn-ham Palace,' but n3ow standing a~t CumbprIand.ate. Is latest work, we belive, wa the sculptured pediment at thu British lMnuseum. In 1827 he suce-eded Elaxman as Professor of Sculpture in the Royal Academy, and held th-.t apreintment un: his decease; he had not, however, exhibited since 1839. 3is artistic 'worlo are all Strictly olasical in their style, bat pertake farmore of tho Roman than of the Greek character. T1ey are not abstract and ideal, or of the highest order of conception, but living =ad breathing realitLis, executed to the life in n bold and severe style. Among the best known f lhi;s producfons are "The Distresed MIother," 'which he exctnted in 1822 for the Marquisof Lensdowae ; ,The Homeless TrAvclsr,' a copy of which is in Westminster Abbey; his " Euphrosyne," for tho late Duke of New. lein 1837W ;his two statues 1" Cupid" and "s P)che," in po,-sion of the Duko of Bedford,* togother 'with v lage alto rElievo, " The Dcath of Horace, which he executed for tho late Ezrl of Egroot, and which 'we behlee is still in the gallery at PetWozAL. Ho received the honour of knight. lsooe as an akmnowledgment of his artistic mesi4 in 1837. Eir Richard Westmacust married, in 1798, Doroh Mar. - heo dau$'ter ef Dr. WiLldnson. His son, Mr. 1 ichard Westmacotl, is a Royal aca"o=ucian and h7a inherited a tigqe sho of hei f ee's genis.
2THB CLrMATE OF DAME.M. We have been favoured by Dr. bIacDermott vwith the fol. lowing statement relative to the climate of Caledonia Bay, and that part of theIsthmus of Darien in its neighbourhood which has been explored by parties from Her Majesty's ship Espiegle:- " Durin our stay in Caledonia 2ay in January, February, and fah-extending over a period of nearly three months-I had sufficient opportunities of observing the nature of the climate as well as the state cf the health of tho ship's companv. Ilhad also constant int-rcounrse and conversation with tho medical offcers of the United States' sloop of 'var Cyane, and also of the French war steame± Chimarej and Her Majesty's survevoan schooner Scorpion, vwhich were anchored in CaledoniaBa. ' during the same period, and the crews of which amount;d to 420 men. A party of 26 persons left the ship--on the 24th of January, with Mr. Gisborne, and did Lot return for a period of 11 days, during which time theywere exposed considerably in wading rivers and occasionally to the sn, though generally protected by the shade of the foliage. Dr. Edwards, assistant-surgeon, who was in medical eharge of the party, states that the weather was fine throughoutj and generally dry, with the exception of a few light morning and evening showers (averaga of thermometer 76 degrees). Every precaution wa3 taken for the general preservation of health,-and the party was protected at night byfsleepin, in well-builthuts of palm leaves. Theusualdosesof quinine 'wine 'were administered to each of the party daily. When they returned to the ship, and for some time afterward I closely observed the atate of their health, and in no case | could I detect any symptom of disease caused by their ex- posra; onx the contrary, I think they were improved by the change. 2 lf te h ".A second party Of 21 persons left the ship on the 24th of March and returned on the 2d of April, and, although their duties were much raore arduous, the exposure greater, having had to cut their way through the bush, no case of endemic or local disense resulted therefrom. "The ground beingmountainousand devoid of marsh, and the rivers heing all running streams, with rocly and sandy beds, having no alluvial deposit, I feel confident tho causes of endemic fever do not exist-at all events, duringthe period of the year I have mentioned; nor do I think, even iat any time of the year, that the fever so fatal and injurious to health which prevasls at Grey Tovm and Navy Bay can exist. "I muds frequent inquiries among the natives, and lcould not ascertain that any particular form of fever or disease prevailed among them, and, from their appearance, I should say they are a very healthy race. *."Thetemperatureand climate of Caledonia are far superior to those of any part of t WeS Indies that I have visited; a cool and steady breeze from the N.N., prevailed, Vwith scarcelyany variation, during our stay there. The heat does not pessesa that feeling of oppression experienced in the West India Islands, -and the nights are deli<htfolly cooL. "Pre-vious to the ship'sleavingImadeporticularnqui'es of all the medical officers, and found that no case of dise had occurred which could be attributed to a climatorial cause. "w eonty sailors from the French war steamer Chimlre were cmp)oyed during the same period, aud with the same result. he United E,tates' sloop Cyane had also a number of men employed surveying ana diging wells, &c, andno enaemic disease occurred. If rnomthe nature of the duties of the crew of the Scorpion surveying schooner, the men had been constantly exposed from morning till night daily in the harbour, but not a single caso of fever occuzred during a period of three months. From the time of our arrival in Caledonia Bay it 'was obsrved by I. Edawards and myself that the men mpr.oved in health, and when we left the ship's comuny was i better conditio. thanwhenwe arived on the coas tof Darien."
THE WATER SUpPnLY FO LIVmroz.-Yesterday, at the mesting of the Liverpool town counil, a report wa submitted from Mr. Hawkesley, the eminent waterengineer, to the effect that the 'water from Rivington Pike would be supplied to Liverpool by the end of September, but that, owing to the oxidation of the pipes, through their long exposuro at Birkenhead, it would garcely be ft for drinking until some time afterward,. SJ3 CsAJEs NAIm's Russru Viws.-In the press, a dedicte to his Imperial Us' ety, Alexander IL of al the Russias, aid and faithful account of Sir Chrles 2Napier lato visit to 1Ruusis, showing howSir Charles went up the Neva, and howr he did't lnd ; how he sent up his card to the Russian officer, and how he was permitted, with his carpet-bag. to board the Rusian thrie-decker.how he was treated, toasted, and rosasted how he took St Patersburg bysurprimp, and how he capsivted Cronstadt. The work is accompsuied witk drawings by the galat Adtiir4 showingthe harmi oen that mapfioul t Britons ialway m e v3it h,ing no ,rhateTer to try correct finnhg bysharpenin their etlases. To be hd of the author, gSir Chztleelsp. Xraae ight of thie Bman Order of St. George. NB.-A eb4 e4itlOn fr te E=dctOra Of Ssbthrark.-Funt o.
I --; , - ILAND -- - v-.-- , I . . E I I. .: - . - .. - .- - *- . i: (moiI 'eu. I*1r oi DDx )' e W1USN, WXDA Yl3s[ORalG. *THE MUTInY AT NwadGl. - ;On Monday the sixT militiamen-, including; the murderer Burns, convicted at last assizese were sent from Nenagh to Tempiemone, and then'ce t Diblin, cscorted by a strong body of police and half a tkoop of the 17th Lancexrs. On Monday the lNorth Tipperary regiment was disembodied, m~ the, presence of the Dlstriit Major-General and lin staf. At ll: 'clock; the militia were drasn' 'up'in line, as were also'the depoti .6f the 9th, 39th, and 17th 33egiments. After goingthrough' s,omeevolutions they formed into'squafe, the eneralandtff4tood in the centre, and Sir James Chattertoe -addr6ssed them to the following effect '-"I attend," he sid, "Here with the Tipperary Militia on their disembodiment, and I fondly hoped I should be, able to give you' that meedof praise which I was able to give to all tho other militia regiments in my district. I cannot do that; y'ou have comrnitted acts of. such a character as:.leave it. impomble for me to give yoL approbation', I had fondly hoped you would leave the militia' with -honour; hbut in this 1-was disappointed. You listened to the advice of evil-disposed persona-you forgot tho resect due to your officers and, to yourselves, and you irow see the melancholy consequences upon some of your. comrades of hearkening to bad advice. You committed acts of a dreadful nature; you fired on Her, Majesty's troops, whereas, if you 'had waited patiently, all-your claims would have been adjusted mn due time;- but, instead ef that, you compelled me to' bring a. superior force to restore order. The melancholy- consequenoes of such conduct, I regret to say, are 'of a' serious character. You have committed -the awful crime of murder ; you have broken into open mutiny, the greatest crime of which a soldier con ho guilty. Ror these crimes some of ,your comrades havoe been tr rte4; hbu Her Majesty has been pleased to commute their sentencc to' a lighter one than that passed by the tribunals at which they were tried. They are now on their way this day to their destination, deprived of the pleasure of seeing'their friends, their home, or country. If you now, when you are disembodied, qiiietly and in goodaorder return to your homes I shall have the greatestRpleasure in asking of the authorities a further remission of their sentence. You have brought a stain on your character as a regiment; but when you aro caled upon again, if you act like good soldiers, yoi will wipe out that stain." Then, turning to the officers, the Generalsaid, " Officers of theTipperaryMilitia, you nhavemy fullest approbation for the way m which you have acted on thishtrying occasion." 'The gaillanti General having concluded his observations, the following memorandum from the General Commandinv in Ireland was read, dated from the Adjutant-G nerl's-office in Dublin "The NTorth Tipperary militia will be disembodiedon thoe st of September in pursuanco of the warrant of his 1xcellency the Lord Lieutenant,' The General Commanding cannot allow this regiment to separate without referring to the recent occurrences at lenagh, and remarking on some of the misapDrehensions which have been alleged in extenuation of the insubordinate conduct of the corps. The court of inguiry, of which.Colonel Irwin was presdent, hasthoroughly investigated the whole of the circumstances connected with' thnemutiny. The oathreak it apPears originated in an order given by the commanding officer, Lieutenant-Colonel hIaude, to tak;e into store the trousers issued to the regiment in April last, being Rart of the clothing of the present year -a precaution which Lieutenant.Colonel hlaude c'onsidered necessary to protect the property of the-Governm-ent, in consequence of several of the men having attempted to sell theirtrousers. After the circular of the '3dof Julyhad been read on parade dissatisfaction at this order was openly expressed; and one man who zefused to comply with the order having been confined the regimental guard was forced by his comrades, and he was released with fixed bayonets. The discontent kIown to prevail in'the regiment was encouraged by the ill-disposed people at Nenagh, who subsequently supplied the soldiers with ammunition, and took part in the tumult ana excesses in the town, and the mutiny proceeded to the disgraceful and fatal results which formed the subject of the late trials. 'Wanton and deliberate murder was committed at a time when nota shot had been fired by the troops of thelixe, who, although exposed to a severe desultory fire, behaved with a forbearance and steadiness alike creditable to themselves and to ihe officers employed 'on this trying and painful duty. The rescue of the prisoner was effetea on the morning of the 7hof July. The usual paradetookplace inthe forenoon of that day, and Lieutenant-Colonel Maude ascertained. that great discontent prevailed in the'different companies on account of the supposed intention of Government to discharge the men of the regiment, without payment of their allow. ance and the balance of their bounty; and that in consequence of this misapprehension thev were determined to retain tbeir armts and clothing until they received the bounty still dueto them. No efficient measures, however, appear to have been adopted to restore the discipline of tho regiment; nor do the influence and control that officprs should have had in their respective companies seem to have been zealously xerci-e in endeavouring to remove the alleged causes of complaint; nor sufficient exertion to have been made to explain tho militia relatiors in respect to clothing and bounty. The per. minion granted to the men who could find employment to return to their homes before the period fixed for the disembhodiment of their corps was granted, on the representation of several commanding officers of militia to his E3xcellency theoLordhLieutenant that this indulgence wrould be beneSicial and convenient to the men and advantsaeous to the country The men who were allowed to return to ioir7omes inanticipation ofthe disembodiment of theregiment,came undertheoperation of the regulationsinrespectto thebounty payable to regments of militia, asnIatedin the generalmilitia TegulatGsfO th War-offircs, datecletmer1 S The practice as to the clothinc is that of e whole army anda is, besides, explicitlydeAiledinacircular fomthe clothing department, dated Mii' 20, 1855, viz.-that the tunics and Cdoth trousers isued. last year, shell-jacket and summer trousers and boots and,othor articles, are the property of the soldier. Both tho docoment3 above referred to are in possession of every regiment, and should be known to all officers as parts of the code by which the militia is governed. The militia of Ireland mrast deplore this sad exception to the admirable conduct riich has otherwise been so conspicuous. In all other corps .dscipline has beenmaintained and the men have returned,co their homes contented and obedient, having rendered great service to their country at an important crisis. fThe men of the North Tipperary Mlitia whose out. rager,made them amenable to civil law have been tried and corldemned by a jury of their own countrymen. The ringlAders of the mutiny have been brought before a general ourit-martial, sentence has been pass upon them, and the names and offences of both will remain inserted on the criminal records of their country. "By order of the General Commanding in Ireland, " R. B. WOOD, Deputy-Adjutant.General.'s The men were then formed into their respective companies; ,the names of the officers wera caled by Lieutenant-Colonel Maude; the names of the sergeants, then the corporals, and lastly the privates, by the paymaster, Major Robinson. 'After all had nsswered to their names, they were paid 25s. each and tavelling expenses to their respective homes. And thus concludes the record of the services of the Tipper-ay Light Infantry. THE NEW CLERK OF THE 3APEl. MIr. John O'Connell was yesterday sworn by the Lord Chancelor into the office of Clerk of the Ranaper in Ireland. mTsn GBR5VA2CE5. A round of complaints set up by the Irish provincial journals and having no better foundation than the abolition of certain military districts, and the substitution of other localities in their stead, hag elicited an admirable rebuke from one of the Belfast papers. The orhersm Whig, of yesterday, thus refers to the contemplated changes in the militarysystem, andtothe alleged grievancesof its soutiern cotemporaries:* oCamp, on a lbge scale, are now, we are glad to say, to take the place of the trumpery barracks of provineil tows. Our soldiers are, at lasis abouttolearn to fight ana levo tthe constbulary to keep the peace. V ted'military distrioc are, consequenty, about to disappear, and the gene. raosandtheir staffs to be either sent as t their business or tned to better account. The aneouncerdent of these facts has raised a hoswl of indignation from some of the wleaker mhembers of the provincial press The of eiitw Cgrosto de is botir with indis W leos at the ides that the City of the Violated Treatylats no longer to enjoy the presence of a general and staffi The other calamities mith hih the place is thatened arefearS ful bhe"wMIilitary aospitl at teuitya firmary,' anc'the 'Offlcers' messrhouse,e'in Perouhquare,' are tf aisrlrman-t dered; 'the Boherhuoy Barracks to be givenupJ 'the Ci'y Infrmary is to -lose t~he 1001. a-year it= received forgivingp one of its wings to the oilitary J and the citizens willloso the beneits they now derive from the circulation of the soldliers pay among them. Woe onfess that on reag thi subbmih, be can hardly avoid everhyir for our 'country. Aaiy foreigner wrho glanced through it mighbfairly come to the conclusion that theBritish nation lcetu,'u a stnding army wholly and solely for the benedt of the Ifirnuries of Cork;, Limerick, and BelFast, and the circulatioa of the soldiers' pay inthe vegetable market, and that se ought to submitto be thrashed in every war we undertake sooner than vacate an'Officers n'esshous iI Pesqu ' Of al the silly and disgusing Irish grievanoes manufactured within the last 20 years we mst say this is about the silliest and mnost disgusting. If Idmerick cannot thrive without the mess-house and the hospital, the sooner it disappers the better. Belfast cares, wo are glad to say, in a commercial point of view, not one straw about either the goings or comugs of the sffi Here in the north wewould rathercontribute 500 a-er extra, if ncesry, to any locl hospi%aL tan rm the ri of subjectig our amy to one month of such diaaste a those of the lastwar. 'Will Irishmen never learn to look beyond their own pariah?" ZrAIGRATION. An official return ha'been published of the migration, permanent and temporam, from theport of Cork, from June to the last day of August, 1853, and for the correaponding periods of the three succeeding year th gross figures are these i -T 183 the numbers. were Io,539; ju 1854 ,7;i 1855, 7,262; in 1856, ;,893. The weather has spin taken up n Dablla, and no ran has fallen for the laat 48 houb At 6 54eock this mo g, ith a bright aud a1mo loniUN SiY, ther was the unsual hanonmenon, at that, y hour, of a wdl-define drab , Whla a cdo. , ing to popu -arupestitoions;lsdea xro long con16na;- And- Jtweither-. The.CoA(7ndstdw,fe- [~ ~ ~ ,anoe oar ethr.leCork uC,0itiotm of yes. 1 -1day we,orCts as fo'10wx -- ri - 'lQ aund :y;nd Sunday night some - heavy showers of rain fell; snd c%g the evening several flashes 6f.lgl4innj -were obs6rred. At 31 o'clock yestrday morning a very-I beAvyshower of ran mingled with hailpocued down.' This 7as follcwed by a few loud peals of thuxider, after which the weather Vain cleared up and the. sun shone brightly ou;.. About half-past 2 o'clock, p.m., thi sky in bea-ame ov0rcat, andi a reglar haistorm deecended, followad by some disnt thunder. With the exception of 'these-ioca sional showers, tJhe weather contitLues favourable, and.the. process of saving the harvest progresses satisfactorily. The groen crops manifest appearances of h~ving been mate.i-l1v served by the moisture, turnips rnd mangolds, which had been much retarded by the recent drought, loo=ing now.I greatly iproved. Forthe safety of the potato crop no serious apprehensions are felt. The blight,, no doubt, *did developco itself during the period of wet which supervened on the recent hot wea.ther, butt wrhen x change aan casme the esculont recovered wvonderfullly. The .!ariety celled * piniksappears to hatve sufiered most of any, the disease showing litslf in them to some ertent." CHAWTABLE BEQUJSTS. -The following notice appeas in the Dtthlsif Garee of last night:- "William EenrF Dease, lafe of Rath, in the Queen's County, Esq., bequeathed the folloving legIcies inx Three per Cent. Stock :-To the Colle of All-m'dows,Drumncondra.-1,6007.; St. Vincent's Hospital, Dublin, 500?.; Neew Hospital, Dublin, 500. ; St. Vincent of P3a', Dablin, 400k.; St. Vincent of Paul, London, 2007.* Association for the Propogation of the Faith, 500L.; siousesat Brooligreen, Hanmersmith, 2001.; Almshouses at Chelsea, 200.; Aged Poor Society, Iondon, 200.; Benevolent Society for Aged and Infirm Poor, London, 2007.; St. Edmnnd's College, Old Hallgreen, for Education of Church Stfdents, 2,000l.; St. Patrick's Charity Schools, Tudor-place, London, 200?.; ;rphanage of same Charity, 20.; forSup'port of Poor Missions in London and Southwark, 2,0007. - onvent of Good Shepherd, 'ammersmith, 4001.; Convent of' idttle Sisters of the Poor, Hammersmith, 200l., to siuch charitable objects as 11oman Caf,bolic Bishop of Xifdare and Leighlin .shall direct, 500. Alio, in cash, the following *legacise:-4oTight Rev. Bishop Grant, 750?., to be applied by him towards maintenance and support of Roman Catholio mission at Woolhampton, Berks; to the poor of Mclnas-. tereren, 10l.; to the poor of Ballybrittas. 30?.;- to the poor of Portarlington, 10l.; to the said. Rightl iRev, Bishop Grasnt, to he applied by him in and towards maintenance and sup. port of Roman Catholic mission at lNewbury, Berks (value of testator's interest a eUsorth Colliery, Durham). THE FUNDS. ThreeperCent.Consols,94i ;dittoforAccount, 12thof September, 95 94k; ditto for ;ew Account, 95' 4t; New Three pci Cet. Stock, 9S; ditto for Account, g5; BasIc Stock, 227; City of Dublin Steampacket shares of 1S.3G, 5.0?. paid, 304. Railways.-Duhlin and Wicklowv, 10?. paid, GA ; ditto for account, 6L * Great Southern and Western, dO?. paid, 57 n. d. ;5Eillarney Juction, lOL paid, 10k. ___ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMfES. Sir,-The sufferings and hardships which the wives of private soldiers undergo, both in camp and on the mareh, are sufficiently notorious. Unhappily siuch of this is unavoidable. There is, however, a period in a woman's life when it rcight fairly be anticipated that the feelings of our common nature would revolt against the open violation cf ordinary rules of humanity. A case occurred in this city a few da, since which wonld have disgraced an age of bar. baris-, and, in the hope of bringing the matter under the notice of the proper authorities, Iwill ask youto finda corner for the facts, which are simply as follows:- The 92d Highlanders have lately formed the garrison of Edinburgh Castle. On Friday, the 22d ult., the regiment embarlked at Granton for Fort George. The wie of one of the privates had been confined on the previous Weednesday and, when the regiment marched from the castle, this poor creature,-scarcely two days confned, was lifted into a hackney cab, driven screaming with pain thouglh the crowded streets of the Scotch capital, and placed on board ship to undertake a two days' voyage to the destination of the regiment. Whether or not this outrage took place vith the womans consent I am unaware, but the scandal of the whola proceeding points it out as a fit subject for illustration in the " remonstrant" column of The Times. I remain. Sir. vour obedient servant HUMAAITAS. Edinbiurgh, Sept. L.
UINACK OWLEDGED STATEs3:ni.-There are few who have any idea how much this country owes to a class of officials who may fitly be termed her unaclmowledged statesmen. They sit behind the desks of Downing-street and Whitehall-the unseen and unrecognized sources of many a splendid reputation. It is to them frequently that we are indebted for those judicious measures and timely provisions which relieve the nation from some pre&5ing distress, and lend sdcat to the favourite of the hour. They supply the Secretaries of State and Chancellors with those telling facts which enable them to silence the Opposition, and extricate Government from embarrassing positions. These men continue in office from yezr to year unaffected by the changes of Administration. They grow gray in the service. They bring to the discharge of their duties abilities professional in their nature rather than official, evincing the organizing mind no less than the ready hand. We have several distingaished instances in our thoughts as we write. One was the author of a sysbtem of correspondence, registration, and general official record whichlsnowuniversallyactedupon inthe Government offices directlyunder the control of the Treasury. Another is famed for his admirable arrangement of n old and complicated public department, in which he displayed the greatest personal tact. A third, and perhaps the most ilustrious, on one occasion was employed to make out from an absolute chaos of disordered pap a snecial audit. The magnitude and dificultv of the task will be more readily underatood when we state that it required for its execution no less than 6S persons. Sixty of these were clerks altogether unversed in the duties to be performed; only five had any knovvledge of the routine of regular audit. Their movements were entireiy directed by this one oan.o With such means the work: seemed intermcinable; yet, notwithstanding that the eniploy6s wfere merely temporary clerks, fnUy sensible that their dismissl only awaited the completion of the work, it was carried through bythis official with an enthusiasm, a speed, and a satMsfadion almost unequalled. He explained away details, elucidated knotty points, and infused into the whole of his subordinates his own spirit of hearty exertion. The facility and beauty of his compositions, thrown off to meet the Teqdirements of the moment, would have done credit to the most masterly writer of the daily press; his command of facts and figures would have been remarkable even in a ChanceUlor of the Exchequer. Yet, although these men, through customi, are allowed a certain power of official suggestion, they possess no real administrative authority. They seldom rise to a hibher position in their rspective departments than headclrks. Their salaries are poor contrasted with the rich winnings of professional men, by no means their superors either in tact or ability. When anunder-seretasip or junior commissionership becomes vacant they know that it is hopeless for them to look for the preferment. Nepotism and jobbing almost invariably come in to bear away the prize so jusly their due. The appcointment is given to some political nominee, some 3ctive electioneering agent, or some dextrus coadjutor of the wbippoer.in, whom the temptin halt has attracted from his pro.per sphere. We vill not trust ourselves to charcternze as it deserves a system which thus habitualy sets aside the claims of the most able end deserving servants of the State in favour of the grasping and incompetent. In view of such practices, prosecuted without check or restraint, we may fitly inquire of whit avail areour opular institutions and our vaunted Parliaments. The Crimea disasters hme evidently failed to teach us the leeson they were so well calcmuted to impress. We allow men to take the direction of our public irs whom we would not trast for one day with the muza,ment of ourprivate concerns, Yet we are astonied that the nation should ueriodically be on the brink of bankruptcy. We are certainlyastrangepeople.-CaWcdoadisn (CLRICA D ylCuLT'rES nz CLnxxmw} ..-The Bishop of London hs sequestrated the living of St. Jameses, Clerkenwell, and the inhabitants are in a state of considerable difficulty in reference to the appointment of an incumbent in the room of the late Rlev W. L. L. Fauimer, who died a few weeks since. The living, which has 3lways been in the gift of the parishionera, was to be contended for in the Usua manner, when it wa suggested that y Sir Benjamoin Hias new act the election was taken eut of thehands of the parishioners as a -body, and confided to the recentlyelected Yestry. At the last election, which took place in 1839, the candidates were Dr. Dillon, who subsequently beame Too notorious, and Mr. auillmer. There was all -the excitement of a politiod conutet, foi bands of music wera sent through the streets, aommittee-rooms were made at publichousra, the candidates made their speeches at taverns, and the clergyman's hat was caried about to collect for the expenss On that ocaion Mr. Faulkner proved sucesesful- Now also there are two candidatesnamely, Mr. Horace Rtoberts, M.A., of Magdalen CoUe0e, Cambride, -who has been tkree or four months curte of She puriab, aZid Mr. Robert Maguir, of Islington, who is well lnown as an anti-Bomanist lecturer. lfr. Xa,re thiun] the controversy between Catholics and Protesti tA be of great importance, Wbil Yr. Robera xuterly repuaiate controversl quesions of faitl. At present the churchwardess re i3n a dilemmS, and annot proceed with the election. The whole of the eiromstanoesof the case hava been xmUibtted toSirTihary Kelly, -who asl c requtated to state hiether the election is vesed in tYhe iraayr or in theLocalMaagement B4ctd. The T liingisworth bout aow a-ear
iOrEIGK DTELMrGENCE. iRAY1OE. rpm fca.w-1g appe=oa in o=r s a editwon oa ye3, ".Air nTmn nw l PARI, TuSsDnY, 6 .Pm. My Private intelligence from Madrid fully COnfirmz z statements that have al-eady appeared Iith respect to the course decided upon by the O'DoiMsnl Mrinistry. The Consttueent Assembly will be dissolved, ana the Constitution of lI wM baereibished, not, however, ashas been asserted, with modifications in a Libeiral sense. Te que. iean f modiifications will be left to the new Cortes, t-, be summoned according to the electoal law of 1837, with elecons, by provinces i eadi of districts. It is said that the election Will take place in No vember, but apparently nothing postive is known on this head. A new Senate ia t6be appointed. All these measures are reolved upon, but the Government kesps them en povrefeutaie. No one seems to expect that the present Minist1y wi last to mect the new Cortes. The Palace is, as of old, a focus of intrigues, the object of all being more or less the overthrow of the Governmnent. The King, taking counsel with his confessor, with a well-known Spanish bishop, and with.theoce- I lebratednan Patrocinio, whohas found her wayback to Mdrid,wculdfainsee the installation of a Cabint that would revoke the law of desamorfzaciowe, sanction convents, and make iselfm i 1 al respects agreeable to Rome. The Qaeen is said to 'have a.j leaning towards the Marquis of Viluina (Pezuela), the old supporter of Isabella absolute. But tlhe hIarquis, who has once or twice within the last dozen years refused to form a Ministry, doubtless because he saw that Spain wa2s not ripe for-absolnthan, wTill probably have the sense* to discern that thiis is not the moment to risk the inauguration, 'Uder a Queen, of a r7gime which that co!unry mderivent a long and cruel civil war to resist in the person of a King. One of the cliques or camarillas that have lately writhed themselves into existence in the iRoyal ailnsce -ould compose a Government f}i llfoderad&s, seIected from the very small numbers of the representatives of that party who sat in the Constituent Assembly. A Vicalvarist General is said tofigure in this programme. Last, but not least probable, is the appearance of Narvaez, whose friends are watchbfl and active, and who is saidc to be himself awaiting with impatience the arrival at Paris of Marshal Sermno,who isunderstood to be the bearer of permission for him and other expatriated paniards to return to their native land. M shal Serrano, however, lingers at iBayonne, and it is be- lieved that he wrill not come toParis until the Xn-| peror does. Hi ajesty is enjoying himself at Biamtz, and is not expected just yet. While awaitingthe arrimval of the desired permission tor appear in person in the Spanish political arena, Mar0hal Yzavuez may employ himself profitably in zending a lecture to certain indiscreet supporters at Madrid. The Leou3span4ol, his organ inthe Spanish press, lately thought it advisable to nublish an article in which it set forth andexto]fedtheimmense sacriices he has made for the nation and the throne, expatiated on the nobility of his ancestors and on the great wealth he derived from them. Nothing could be more ill-judged than this exposition and eulogium. It is notorious in Spain, . and. well known to all who have watched the career of that lucky officer of fortune,DonRamoanNarvaez, that his large fortune has not been expended, nor any part of t, mn the service of his Queen and coun- ry; but, on the contrar y, that it has been wholly acquir.ed in the high posts to w.hich his. unscrupulous energy and audacity have elevated him. A11 this has now become almost a;ncient history, and, altough fresh in everybody's memory, would probably not have been revived but for the folly of the Marshal's friends, challenging refultation by their silly bcoasts on his behalf. Loja, his native place, is a whc inausian townl, one of those countryplaces in wiheverybody knows everybody e1se's history from the cradle up, his birth, parentage, family, and means; and, of course, wfhen a great man issules from such a village, all those matters become espe.- daisly sulbject to investig,ation. JImreply, thaen, to thie fanfaronnades of the Spanish Lionw, an inhabitant of ILoja addresses a letter, dated from tvhat towNn, to the Madrid newspaper, L;a Nccioss. This unkind fellow-townsan passes over the question of illustrious descent, not cqaring, he says, to trouble himself with pedigrees, and addresses himself solely to that of hereditary wealth. a regards tix, lie does not, as the French say, put on white gloves to tell the truth, but blurts it out wBith unfrienldly plainness. He says: "sAssurance is requiedto asert, in the face of the nation, that General Narvaez has alwvays been rich, when he never possessed B feet of ground nntil he arnived at power, after which he pulrchased the laspest property in L oja from one of the heirs of the Conntess of Alcudis; and subsequently when he fiell fromn power in the year 1852, until 1853 that he cane to this tow n, he bought all that offered, so much ae thtif he had continued longer at the same pace he would have become owiner of the whole district; being renarkahle, besdes this, for the style in which he lhved sad for the daily expenlse of his house, which was not less than. from 3,000 to 4,000 reels." This plain-spoken inhabitant of Loja proceeds to say that the assertions of the Spanish Lion appear particularly strange to those who remember uthat ina 1832 and _838, before Don Ramon wvas employed in the army, he busied himself with the collection of certainl branches of the cons-umos (a sort of excise duty), and partic-ularly that of brandy. This sort of buiess is considered in Spain as of a disagreeable and not of a very elevated class, but Don Raanon, adds t,he Lojano, .as a younger son, and wvith- out any property of his own, was fain to resort to it-J *-'Whence i; is to be inferred tha: he was not then in that state of opulence and possessed of those purses of ounces supposed by the Seon Espenof; and let the said periodicald state whatiakenited propert-y Generalbiarviesnw posesse since nil that w7e know of is a group of fanu-houses, whera hehas his garden; and, es to ae great;property that he po sesass here, I repeat that he bougbt it when blinister.". It must be borne in mind that of ce in Spain, whether it be thatc of a Prime Minister or of a petty| ernpfoy6, has long been looked upon as an opportunity afforded by Providence for featheringone's nest, and th.e mnan who neglects thisparamount duty tohimself is set down by the majority as an idiot, throwingI away his chances and undeserving of plaee. Thainte restedness is a virtue appreciated in that coluntryI only by the few, and despised by the many. . Espartrer, who is one of the noblest examples of it that modern Spain has produced, got credit for it withI the people, but it doubtless lowered him in the 4pinlon of the mob of placeholders and.placeeekers, wsho looked upon it as a very bad preceden1t, and as anytig but a proof of sagacity. ;Narvraez, it is well known, made a more unscrupulous use of his opportunities, and could live in splendour when he fell from power.. But there are few of his colleagues who will think him mrong or dare throw the first stone at hi , b ndf l he fastodoisfor the fute to put a curb on the perilous zeal of his boanists Lonh at Madrid. It has beenl stated in some of the papuers that a uratist anifestohan beeo ecretlybut extensively circulated in Naples. This accords with the reporft of a movemenet in that paty and with the acan mause at Aix-cleBai, of which I spoke to yos ui a recent letter, but os which I lesrn thiat x. Montanelli does not form nart, thatgentlema^n being still in Paris. All the liifosniation ciat reaches me upon the subject tends to confirm :me in the belief that the French GEovernment iaxno taz encourages or favous the S ratist views, and tohat te most it cold be espected to do would be to eaisserowaire, in the unlikely event that the voice of the leapolitan people summoned Prince Lucien to the thr.one. , l The sosed ofgrso and uiocyte arrived at Cpris- tLania, in Norway, on the 31st uit. The bad reather and a desireto return to France at the period he had fxed induced Prine Napoleon to give up his voyage to cape North. ThQe Prine wll probably isit Stockholm. A letter from Munic, of the 28th nit. sayse "ThDe negotintious opened se the sn ati of Raing Otho the BnvorBa are actively proceding, tndopendently of the hee grea POer interested i the settement of the suc-. Ba- to the one of Greelat-srja, cs a cose tive ;to crr Ecyal faiy, takecs a part si those ne'o,otioas*o Boli object of the recent interview at Aschafecnbm.g of tis King of Bavari and.SGrecec wams to comre to ia unlder- strudin. relaaie toienticl dEclaration tobeaddr&-sZd t ih&(ouort of GreatBritain, France, and Rusia, and iwhich *ould be stated the views and intkntions of Ring Oth *witih regard to the ndoptioi,-ter his de3t%, of a Cathofl a'rince as heirto tha throne of Greeceo Prince Adajbcst, -with his yobng bride the Infanta of Spa3i, isa expected at Munich early in September. The Gaveranomt wi thUs mako know i by a public declaration the inten.' tions of that Prince, who is spoke ofifor th: (irewa of Grere, bto wbo bhas aised serious objectoma agirme the obligation ixipjoid by the C6ns itd,n oa tle Soiereiguis of Vhat ng0o1a to profess theree3'r*igioii '' The Thrree per Cents. closed tio-day, i t06. for the end Oi the month; the Four-anthA-Haif 1er Cents -at 95f. 5e. ;- and the NlierIbs Tf . Orleans Railway shares, 1,377f. 5 (c.; Gitoit NorLhern, 1,028f. 6c, ; Strasbug G`0; lit Shr, 84f. SOc.; P s and Lyons, .360. ; 1yons to the hTeditercranean, 1,780f.; Westernzof'rnice, 955f.; Bordeaux and CetteS 765f., Great CentrWl. of France, 681f. 25C.; 1iyon1S and Geneva, W0 c.; Bank of Credit Mobier, 1j6SMf. c; 4.ustrian Railways, 880f. coura i7sen& -PARA, Sept; 2,- CIOh PrioaFoand.a.HalI per Cents. (not reimburable fr 10 Yearsa), 95f. 95f. 25c. 95f.; Three per Cents., 70f. 95c. 71f. 70f. ¶1O. 71f. 70f. c Ac. 80.;- ditto Loan of 1855-70 per cent. pOid), 70:. 700. SOc.; ditto Certificatei (70 per ment. pwld), 70. 75. 60c.; Treasuy Bonds, 6per ment. at three monthi; Bek AActions, 4,1W5.; Crdit Fonder, 65. * ditto ObWg gations of 500±, Four per Cents., 440f.; ditto Tenghs Pour Per Cents., 87. 0Oc. 90f.; aitto Tbre per Cen's., 77f. 500.; Credit Mobilier, 1,655f. 1,6.50!. 1,645!. 3,6401. 1,6871f. 50c.; Discount Bark, 69a£.; Piedmentee Five 1Der Cente., 92!. SOs. ; Austrian :Five per Cents., 88f.; l%omans, SS^; Epanls InteriorDebt, 40. .2xoagen lr>ndon, at sig t, mce ont, 27.0. three 3m0nt, money, 25!. PRUSSIA. (FROw OUR OW COR Or VS'E. BEEL1N, SzPT. L Political news in connexion with this contry is just now rare to be met with; every element of tile body politic i, at this prescent speaking, absent from Bert>, ercet 1he classes of primitive electors, vii:,. those wfhose contrbutions to the direct taxes are so smal as to entitle them only to elect others, who select the representatives of tbis enlightened city. The g and Royal family are absent i the eastern provnces at thLe manc3uvres, the Ministers are anywhere but at their postS, and while one-half of the newspapers pub- lish absolutely nothing of interest, thBe other half is occupied in extracting from anc' diluting that nothing. ee moat interesting inreligencgv for the inhabitants of this town is, that thie mnonth of Septemaber is ushered in witsh somte'thing like -fins wreather, the three prevnous months having produced us only three wreeks of summuer wieather, at times lubearably hot; wthich made the contrast only the more unpleasant wit]h the remaining very cold ten weeks. The next mnost satisfactory event for the tradespecple'here is, that 76 Russians, who arrived by the last steamer, seem to be disposed to remain here for a time and exercise a fecund&ting influence on the sh6ptills and bleeding basins that are being held-out in readine3s for roubles. Baron n Budberg, the late Minister of Russia at this Conrt, presented his letters of recall at Sans Souci on the 27th ult., and received from the King the Order of the Red Eagle of the first class set in brilliants. I mentioned some time back a report that the three Powers, parties to the treaty of April 15, had expressed to Russa theirX satisfaction at the actual evacuation of the Isle, of Serpents by that Power, but had at the ssae time called upon her to join in a formal act of renunciation of any claim to that island, which act should be looked on as forming an integral portion of the treaty of March 30, concluded at Paris. The [result of the negotiations that these diplomatic dgemarches have given rise to is now reported to be, that Russia is not unwilling formally to renounce the Isle of Serpents, or any other Danubian island that may have been left unmentioned in the treaty of Paris, on the speciic- understanding, however, that the allies will, on their part, undertake to abstain from any further attempt to include the tovn of Bolgrad in that portion of Bessarnbia territory that is tobe ceded to Moldavia. In conne2don with this moot point, of the frontier linIe, I find it constantly affirmed by Austrian journalists, whose communications are almost always correctly ispired, tnat the Austrian Government has no intention of withdrawing its troops from the Princia palities until that point has been settled with Russia; on the other hand, I am assured by authorities that ought to be well informed, that the Aust4aiis are already on the point of completing the evacuaton. In connexion with the plan beleved to be entertained by our Government of forming a miitary colony at the Cape of Good Hope out of the British German legion, about to be disbanded, the following particlas of German immigration into Australia may, perhaps, be acceptable; the Preussisclie Cen.espondmr published them very lately from a report sent in from Adelaide. Side by side I with the 80,000 British anld Irish inhabitinSouth Australia there live 10,000 Germans; twothirds of these were formerlyPrrssia subjects fro Silesia and Lusatia; the remaining tnird is coni. posed for the most part of Hanoverians, Mecklenburgers, Hamburgers, and men from Bremen. The Germans enjoy, for the most part, a good character and reputation in the Australian colonies; they are understood tobe distinguished for their moralitv, industry, and thriftiness above the bulk of the British colonists, and still more so over the Irish. In the last seVen years the criminal calendar contained only three or four aggravated crimes committed by Germans; and of the various crimes and misdemeanours that came before the criminal courts there only one-hundredth part Ilay at the door of Germans, in spite of their con- stitating one-ninth of the population. The German colonists are found to be, for the most part, beforehand-witth the world; of the 2,000persons who were in receipt of public charity there were not more than 20 Germans, who were for the most part scor'butic patients recently arrived. The Sile`ian emji- grants appear to bear off the palm from the other Germans in point of industrv and thrift. The first arrivals of these peasants took place in 1838; they were, for the most part, in debt for their passage, anrd had to get fuirther credit for tools and stock; they are now almost all of them the prourir_tors of the land they then rented. They have the best show of cattle in the colony, and in the year 1854 alone they purchased land at' the Government sales to the extent of 45,000I. The Hanoverian colonists are described as less favoured by nature or by fortune; the Hanoverian Coromission of Mines has been in the habit of sending thither miners from the larz ever since 1849, and there are now 1,009 of these mountaineers located there: they are under engagement to repay the expense of their passage out in the space of thrbe years, but are described as not thriving so rapidly as the Silesians.
AN AusRIAN' C.txomsm.-A suddenly-ope i door wakes me up; the landlord of the inn approaches, places a long, official-looldng book os the table, and hands ne peL and,ink. I inquire pebeoiely -what I am wI nted to write at that time of night when I am just digesting m y dinner? The landlord answers respectfully that I am-ie quired to give the police a full, true, and partocular accuint of myself. I approach the table, thinLdin this deimaud rather asnrd,.:for ray pasport is alreadyin the hin dsf the authoritie However, as wuam in a desDotic country, I keoe may thoughts to myself, open a blankVage in the officiafc. looking book see that it is divided bfto calmll% awith prine headings, and fud that I n! more undemstand what they mnean than I understand an assessed-tazn paper atlhome, to -which, by-the-bye, 'the blank page beam a striking general reemblzince.' The headfings are toach al.offleial words; wBich I1 now meet -with. as parts of Italian, speech formte first time. I am obliged to apelothei olitelafidlora, and, by his ass.stce, . get graduly to undentAnd what it is the Axsstrian pglice -wants of me. The police require to know, before they v,fl let me go6 peaceably to-morrowr, first, what my naMe is in ul?(yn e in foul is Yatthew O'Donoghue bI'Phinn Pha4so De n let the Austrian autithorities read it if they. can, now that they have got i-t.) Second. 'What is mny nation? (British, and glad to cast it in the teeth of cbntinentasl ?yrats.) Third. Where was I born? - (A-t Xhierthayr T~dviL. Isholuld be glad to hear the Austrian authorities pronounce that -when they have gliven up my name inL despair.) iFourth. Where do I live? (In London, andl I wish i was there now, for I would write to TAe gTmes about this nuisane before i slept.) Fifth. iHov old am i,? (Mfy age is what it has been for the last seven yeas, and what it winl remain tillhave marriedthe lady whom 1 ewin my mag glass-25 exactly.) Married did I say? By ail that is inquisitive.! bere'are thle police wanting to know (sixth) whether lam married or single? Landlord, what is the Italian for. bachelor? "Write isu&ile, Signor."' "Nubile 9" That means maarriageable. There is anepthet to desIgnate abachelor, which is sure to mneet wvith te apjrovao the ladies, at lebst. Vhat next? I (I distrustfu espots l whiat next?) Seventh. WVhat is my condition? 1 First-rate confittion, to be sure; full of rolled beef, toasted. larks, and Weffrscnt wine. Condition! What do they'mean. by, that? Profession, isit? I have not got one. What shaUll wvrite? I'Write proprietor,Signor." Verywell -but Idon't know t-hat I am proprietor of anythingecepttile clotheil stad upn evenL my trunk was rrowed of a friend. Ei,ghth. Where doa I come from? Ninth. Wherze ains (Rgto? Tenth. When didl getmypasaport? Eleventh. . r edd tinypassport? Twelfth.-Who gave menmy passport? '. a-s there ever snob a iiionstrous strxingof qisesticas to addres to a. harmIess idle mnan, Vyh4 o i"w'ants to~ motter aboutlItaly quietlyina postehaise?. Here, hidlordI, take he Trvellra Boom baek, to the polce I cnwrite Thrne o~ta~bd.knos.tha I asborn at Xeithik Tydi]>asdtht. hvenotyehen o oiiist a tigt- enyladytomsrry~~~~~~~e i-D tHed~~~~~4~~oI~~ Wor~~ L .1
THE C0RZ TRADE. OO- -XQCHA'G3:, WsDXm D, . Ssr. 3. The' azims alr not la but the trad3 for wheat ruJea inactive t tho Vrices of. Monday. % ceY Iveseuts little change. Oate in abae aeem fetcn rather morenocner. ?,ULT, Snv. 2. Aferoisalble c1anEe in the weather having t.alren place onFiday, active prez,ress has snce been ma de with the cnlsiac and gatbermng in of the graus erop3P' Such baste has indeesi beenl rsuad that ib s rather tobhefesred much of the;corn has been huried together ina3 aamp state., Should theo weathercontinue favonr considerbte pro?pntlon oi! thecsoD mnthi3sdissrict will be get in by the end of the present There las been a falling of in the arrivals of wheat Irom RusEmi this,wreek. Barey has come to band to a fair extent. Oats have beenZbrPiug6t fOrward In onlylirmitedquantitiei The trade in, botil English and forelgn grain has- bera tolembly brk this-weeh: 'All descriptions of Russian vrheat have met an active demend, at full price. Engish wheat ble ot enhanced in value. Bdley bas inet ra ready mli for expoe., AtIto-day's market there .an9 airetty good show of wheat. Some of thenewa snmples\vere in better conditionthan could have been expected, butothers were softand damp, Indicating bu' to clearlythe nnfavouzrable weather in which they bad been cut. Buyers demsnded a reduction on last week's rates, and in the now descriptions were cnable .to supply themseTes at a destine of 6s. to Si. Der quarter on the extresde rates of last week. Old wheat wasIl to 2. lower.-In barley, o3t4, and beans thierdwas no material alteration. The following prieeswerequotedto.day-English wheat, oldwhite; 73a to,75i'sper 5fIlb oldzed 70s. to72a. new wrbeat.SSe.topet*6)asot, Konigsberg. do., 7s to S. ; Baltic end HombuM, red, 6Ss, to IO&, Danish and Holstein, 66fs..to 70O.; Metembrgb anid, Sd.k to S8g. Enelials griding barley1 40e. to'45.; Holstein ana Dasisli*s;9setoge . geroding, S8s to die; Enh3oh Oats, 2S8, to Ba.; Archangel an5ffi5a. d44d. to 15d. ger atone: Fsiesland and Dutch, I41d. to Id.: Swedish eudDanish, lid. to Ii :Ruyliehhemns;oxd,-4gs.t44 Egyptian, NsT.toiSa..;E elish-peas,a'S6 .o 48e. a foreig e rdiu7,40jps clnin tars3, Sin, so 3s.; Indiian com. 3Sa, ta ise. lisedz~s to 5d euhalnseed.48s to 66a:; linsedcalckee, eo 10a.to £69120. 6d. forelen, £8 l10a -fee £9 IO.a: rape cakes, £65 .to £5 0. S1. foreign: £6 Os.to£9f7aL bonee,£iSto;EiSe ,." We,hae lulllippt weather for tbe harvest. Old grin msnd very dulimle to-dey, without 3ny 3a1teration in prices. New c orn of ai riescriolion was diiteuleto part, andwe nobe wheat 2e. to is. and , oat3 Od tols., bxtley.assbere 2s. to is. Sd and rapeseed 2s.to 2s Sd, 2lowirthan on ridap. .Brasationuin Indtan cor, except athe inerestiretall..
XmnLA2noiY m.D oF P.nAcTICAz Joi.-An inquest has been held at Brentwocd, beFore htr. e. C. Lewis, on the body of Joiu George, a baker, aged 32, who died under circumstances which excited a good deal oi painful interest Several gentlemen of fortune who hket -with the Sonth Fssex honnds' keep their studs at Brentwetood, and amorg them are Mr. James Cooper,and Mr. dmund and. la. Af-ed Hoof, t.hepersons whoes names axe involved in thix vis pyy iffair. Ther had, it masen, hired v stble for some of their horses of XIL. Geo3e and on auavA evean ing wile one of themwas Ihere,th -edeee lkd o, andsomethin' tookplac as to wetting thestable. Theresult was that t ottles of poet wine wre rent for: folr others followed!,'and it is believa ithat the partyplied tho ued irho at firt helped himself vary freeNs tl he became hel-e leae3y4rank1, and wholly'iusensible. ±iumour a:eW that. there -was-something more than wine employed, but we find no mention-of anything of the Idnd by the witnesses. In tbisstatethe head andface &ndsOrae partsofi;hebody of the deoeased were daubed with red ochre. To completethe practical jake, as it was thought, he was plaed n a barrow, with his head hanging down, there being a road mark of the red ome round ris neck, so as to give the appearance of his throat being cut, and in thidsstate he was.wheeled-home.- His condition creatng alarm, me-dical% aidL _ wdasllea in, but de6ieased ne-ver th6ronghly raled, and dhe ied on.-Monday morning leaving n-wife and two children. Mr. Cooper attended the inquest, being on Wai,but the other gentlemen, it ws understood, v,rei not in the neghbourh6od. 3Mr. Preston attended to wath the proeeedigs for the family of the doosedL The Jury having viewed the body, evidence was tAl-en. The coroner observed that there would of necesity-be an adjvnamxentS as there must be A podmoorlem ex*uiniition to ascerin exactly the cause of Aeath; fan ig we sound in the stomach it might be proper to have it - it:aysd; and therewese other imortaot witfieines whom it wrcid be -nieeemrY tc 3ave before them. mme iniry- ws thesfore adiourneda for a week; nd -at the -Brentwood bejiob on 'T aiday]l&. Cooperwasa held to bail toapp..r atlhenext slttiDg; ...;r * ^aderisei^nht.-he "* SuayrT1me{' 1pisoie'dar Yr. X.. &th. of the Tbeatre Rby&4. Dr D ) coltan SU the eW,uC tbe Week Uqte Wth a qoat*yLc( iea W 'HomE and- cetz 'flUta Intd1,ene&- p1tZ ;Waswick -o4 other'lLRace M oac 'Autic )Znteii. ~~~~~~swmua Lah se EoTae"| sWei,bwm- £11t - TJ^S'-Uxc.^.wdeiibA'ttmlicef al ,g ubAAteK In *it ^ $ a dl. be numt- frmeA lAgs- w S a exeL ~i;t':e272 Xatge,t ed i tai 4ovrsL b. inwua *h' the a*- iiZsj eel94Cg t g _ ; rQs Pg u
ThONWOMrING AvD PVEr. TO T1E EDITOR OF THE TIMES. | Sir,-James Hasmyth claims very Justly to be the fist recorded applicant of vaporous substances, in the form of steam, to pass through molten iron, sach steam being formed either before entering the iron, or after entering the iron in the form of water. The latter process, I apprehend, has not been tried; the former has not been successful,probably because steam is not fuel, and to " resolva it into its elements" to make it fuel abstracts too much heat from the molten metal. The heat lessens, instead of increasing, as in the method of Ar. Bessemer, by injecting atmospheric fuel. There is another difference between the processes. Mr. Nasmyth sitaply changes the solid stirringrod of the paddler into a hollowrod, throu-gh which the steam passes, worked, a3 usual, by manual labour. Mr. Bessemer has accomplished the tasL- of holding a mass of molten iron in a clay colander while injecting air from below, solving a problem mach more dificult than that of the pitchers of the Danaides. Mr. Wasinyth sought, but Mr. Bessemer found, wshat was not to be had in Mr. Masmyth's peculiar hunting-ground-steam; and no one can with more grace than Mr. Narmyth lay his hand on his bosom and say, "Even I am bat a man. Astronomer, artist, and mechanist, IstiU do not add chymistry to the list of my accomplishments." Mr. Bessemer's process engenders an enormous increase of heat, at present not applied usefully, but wasted, and the problem has yet to be rolved how far this heat can be applied to reduce ores in the blast furnace. It would be a curious result to find that the heat taken originally from the blast furnace, and increased in the refining furnace, could be given back again to inother blast furnace to return more heated metal to the zefining furnace, the consumption of fuel being confined to the blowing.ellgine, or dispensed with, by 'water power. It may bh that ultimately the whole pro. cess wil be performed in one furnace, incessantly filling and discharging, air passages being provided both above and below the molten metal. The solution is commenced of the vast problem alluded to by Dr. J)aubeny for the production of artificial heat without thle process of coal digging, and the indiEcation of Mr. Bessemer will lead to cognate chymical researches in glassmaking, pottery, general metallurgy, steam power, and allzthose lage processes hitherto very remarkable by the imperfect combustion of crade fuel, and it is bythe chymist and not by the magistate that london and other Larg cities3may ultimately be freed from smoke. Itis evident that henceforth iron of as good qualitv maI be made in Wales or Staffordshire or elsewhero as in York. shire, and the difference of price, from 81. to le., equalized. Pure iron is Ilke pure gold, suf gene-irs, and noiv that the process is discovered of easy and certain purification from extraneous matter the oiny difference in cost wMll be, not in the quality, but quantity of netal which can be extracted from the diferent clases oE ore, and in the cost of human labour for getting the ore, together with the .^oyalty of pro-:' prietorship. Fortinately, iwe do not find metaLlic i-on, like Michigan copper, in masses, or it would puzzle us to turn it to accoumt. The oxygen, sulphur, and other ingredients that ~render it imPure' make it also friable, and capable of extraction, and the simple mode of purification being: attained, the rich ores of Camberland, the red hematite, im- prognated strongly with sulphur, and hitherto only capable, ,of making " rd-short" iron, now become tractable, and wilI' probably be among the most valuable. Out of this discovery of ]IMr.Bessemer we shaU get, among other things, railwaybars of homogeneus quality asd assard in texture as may be consIstent with the absence of brittle.- ness. We shall not havethe surface rentinto stringy fbrs, like birch brooms, nor sqneezed out in patches, lika iron dougb. With moderate wveights in thedrivingandotherz wheels, and possibly improved structure of the machines, railway shareholders Will yet get into the possessioi of that long-desired property, a " peranent way,"- permanent in: fact as well as in name; andit may yet become possible for' people to travel on rails for days and weeks together with no t'ore injury toheazlth than is experienced in a sailing vessel -a conclusion which medital experience tells us is not yet' attained, even In adailyrettirt journpy between London and Brighton. The talents and faculties that will be stimulari!d to profitable exercise by this stirring, factwin the history of iron gtva ui-he warrasnty of an opening future, iti which the sweat of the brain within ihe brcfas -wiU be the truereading of rari' s desti$y, which has hithert) been translated literally. -It' set,s tI puzL,es sglow at the thought -that men's mnuscles 'wlltfliallybe freedfromviacting dradgery, and only usel *in healthy eexthise. : I nan, Sir, Pours3 faithfully. W. BBRDGBS ADMS. Gmaa o0a. i receipt3 io the week .&e ; Augt 3, 10,622A. f Trj fi.
; ?- - ? ?? I ? 4 -I . - ? -' --7 T .1 - L.. rj r' , ---" YALSMIUA2702rO, -IFr, 21Y. "' ll-'?' I - - . - - , (From bEDthe Dai7y R .i; .oine f6w months ago it was tho'general -onic that oUr.,ny tl' e Crimea, had enduraieYoi-saufTaingI and that, however indomitably courageous the regimen'Dt offBcer and oommnon -oldicrs had- ishwn hmth lvds in actidn, the general officean -and tho sff bad, -by, the. reJultar of their_-conduct, .proved;their. incompetence, On -theDanubeLord Cardi-gan h-Aoonducted i reoonnoieiae in . such, mr mer-according to the Account of his'4oxand-; i3goffic0r,-Lord Lucan-th,c thehorsealiad-beoe uttily, mnserviceable, The baeis of the poor animals *oWd: ot bear-a saddle.. o.n tihe Danube, likewise, one'brigade.6f the 4uards was encamped in a.positionhwhich Ornar Pasha had pointed olt- as especially, deadly The 'written-warning of the experienced Umar was ignored, and dise'e and death2 we3re the consequence Whea the army wFas tzansf6rred to the CrimeaB the mmangement --was so provident that for many weeks the nmen had not a change of clothes. The Comtander-in-Chieft was so Ismightea that when poor Commissary-General Filder, in themadnesof h common sense, demanded again and again-where the ws to bE a fiont bhhon*c ,huonlyrepl vaucnsded--wthatthe Co0nmander-in-Chief cold not te ' Inrtha beginnig of October it was determined to oqen' trenches. to arm siep bitteries, and yet Sir Richard Airy declares it wasonly m Novem'ber that it was resolved, to winter in the fldime The army was posted seven or eight niloesritsup of food and ammunition, and the road by -which alone these supplies could be brought up was a quagnure. Lord Rglan's plav was to keep the annvin fionit of the enemy. No -troops coild be pared to in-'e the road, and therefore they starved. No roadmakers were to be got at Constantinople. and none were sent for from Xuglind-because, as 'Sir John iBurgoyne said,: the ides, inever oocurred to :anybody. The Government at home werekept so thoroughly *infoniied of the state of things-by the officers on the spot that the fist intelligencowhichreached the Prime inistcer and his colleagues of the terrible saffering of the soldiersr. anadthei- i'mminent annihilation, was theinformation of neospaper corresponderits.' Tne Government itself and the: Commander-in-Chief vwere -so lutterly incompetentto supply the army with clothing.:and the. neces;ssries of life that a fund was collected, and -successfolly. distributed by three or four priate gentlemen. The- hoitals were in such a disgraceful condition-partly. throghtheincompetence ofanagedpurveyor-thatabandof herWoc ladies was needed to remedy the evils, while the ser,vices of the purveyor, after he had been declared incomnp. tent, were retained by the direct interference of the Comr marnder-in-Chief, Lord . Raglan. The indignation of the countr was notto be supp d. Iuvestigation upon investigation took plc. Throughout the whole of this: painful history, the only men who suffered rebuke were Lord Lucan and the Commissary-General Filder. IOf Lord Lucan we say nothing, but the Commissary-Oenerl, as it now appears, seems to have been the only man vwho har n foresight, or an'lcipated the difficulties whicrh would certainly arise,. If the Britsh army in the Crimea had been well fed, well clothed, moerately worked, and ably handled, the man who. -would have reaped the glory would have beenthe Commander-in-Chief, Lord Raglan. But as the army suffered from starvation, nakedness, and overwork, the Commander-in-Chief, Lord Raglan, is the ran who must be held responsible. There may possibly be circumstances which may render his position an anomaly in tbe history of w3a; t but untilthese circumstances are established we are entifledto assume theirnon-existence. Anarmy of 25,00 3men within seven miles of the amplest resources, with the soldiers perishing of stvation and overwork, and tha .:Cavalry horses so reduced by want of food that they sank exhausted by the wayside while they were led - by their riders-ransack history and produce a case at all paralle to this, in which the Commander-in-Chief has been held ir.esponsible. ThO case of Lord Raglan may be the first; but we must observe that his friends have chosen a strange mode of defending him; forthrouighout every single invesei gation his name has been suppressed-his hand is nowhere visible. These facts having been established, the publc had come to the conclusion that the conduct of. our military officers had exhibited gross incompetence. For a time, indeed, the incompetency was admitteid We were conjured to remomber that after 40 years of peacel men had forgotten the arS; of war; that the House of Commons had destroyed everything byiteparsimony; thatchanges .wereincontempla.- tion, and.werebeingcarriedinto effectk There seemed to be soine spirit ofrepentance. But nowthatthe storm hasblown overachangehascome overthespiritofthat dream. The frst thing that you see on opening a newspaper is the accunt of soine banquet to some Crimean hero, at which bh is generallypresentedwith armagnificentsword. The other dlay the late Quartermaster-General Colonel Percy Her'bert had tIhs honour conferred upon him, and some t.o days as) Lord Cardigan had the same ceremony performed at Ieeds. Dath these officers took the opportunit ef eulogizing the conduct of the late Commander-in-Cir, Lord. Raglan, but neither of them stated any single fact which ehould induce any sensible man to estimnate very highly the merits of that most gallant- off6cer. Colonel Percy Herbert talked in a foolish way about the &bu e that was poured uponthe Duke of Wellington, and seemed to thinrk that tne fact of being abused was an argumentina mnan's favour. Thecasesaroverydifferent. At thetime when rhe Duke was rising into fame he bad everything against him. Fartion ran high. The Ministry had great difficulty in sdpporting hfi, and even im their attempts to supporb him were miserably shorbsighted. But the more his conduct wasinvestigated the more sagacious seemed his counsels, and the longer he continued commander of the army the mnore heirspired confidence, and achieved signal success. Abave all, he selected his officers with singular sagahity and admirable jusbtie He would not endure incompetence, And, indeed, to pretend that, with the resoures ofEngland at his feet, he ever placed his army in sucha position as Lord Raglan placed his is a mere-calumny. Lord Raglan, on the other hand, had everjthing in his fav-,amr. Notamanopposed; every one cried- -"od speed." He might- have had what he asked for. He had the choice of his officers. Ee appointed his staf. But he was not equal to the emergency; and it is clear that the more his conduct- is scrutinized the more imbecile it seems. It is painful to make these observations, for Lord Raglan was a most gallant old man, and died at his post, Bun because he died like a brave man, he is nt there. fore to be elevated into a scientific officer. Sincc it has now become the fashion for every "pelting petty offlicer" to weep over the faU of his chief, and to denounce the ingratitade and ignorance of the public, we hold it expedient to remind the publo of no'sorious facts, and to record the deliberate opeon ot military men of science that Lord Rag las waS utterly useless as an administrator. To judge from the oruons of aldermen ond hoontrygentlemen, the publi indianytion woald seem To have been unjust. Leo as not be deceived. SiursoSRc hrAieo sivere is an excellent maxim; and we cannot but thirla that the fame of Lord Raglan has sufitered more fromdb the eulogies of incompetent men who owe.d much of their promotion to his personal favour than from any other cause. Thus the p resent 'Quarternmaster-General, Sir Richard Airey, delivered at CheLsea a bombastic pane. gyic upon his late patron, Lord Raglan, which, if its value he estimated by the military knowfledge of the man who delivered it, is of no great consequence. Indeed, these is no man. -who has beenr more insolent in his contempt of cxiticism, and who has atths3ametime so clearly writtenhimself down incompetent. We have had the curiosity to perus a smell ifoppih-ooking volume, entitled Addre=3 of Sir Richard -zrey, K.C.B., before the C7sldsa Board. It is nob very easy to convict a military officer of incompetence, because, from what we have lately witnessed, it appears almost hopeless to expect the honest truth from them in the witness-box. But happily we can produce Sir Richard Airey against himself. In diescussing the appointment of Sir John HPeill as a commissioner, the Qaartermaster-General declares, " I am far from desiring to convey an impression that because Bail a step is unusual it would +herefore be wrong. Oa the contrary, I am one of those who believe that all professions ara benefitted by throwing upon them a litfle light from outside, and my regret is, not that civilians diseuss military affairs too much, but that they know too little of them to be able to conduct a discussion with due effect; and I sincerely believe that the comments abundantly applied to the business of the Quartermaster-General's department have resulted, not from any want of industry or intelligence on-the part of my critics, but rather from the circumstance that there is no compendious elementary work frorm which they might acquait themselves' in a rapid and easy -way with the organization of the British army." -If critics -dught to inow the duties of a quartermaster-general before -they criticise the quartermaster-eene.al surely ought to knowthesedutieshimacli Did Sir'Richard irey know .them ? Consider this quotation:- " And here, as an instance-of the complete control over all the means oE transport which was, exercised, and pro-perly exercised, by the Comnmisanit, I-may mention an incidenb which ccurred at the landing, of the forces in the Crimea Aix the i4tht of September, 1854- - "At the commencement of the onerations, and when only -a few battalions had landed and formed on the beach I -rode up to the high ground on our, right, and there, at some *distance, I perceiv a large convoy.of carts, protected by a body of Cossacirs. I rode back to the beach, got Colonel Lysons to give me two companies of the 23d BusLeers, and 'with those advanced quickly in skirmishing order. The Cossacks laboured hard to save the convoy by iolently urging the bullocks, and even drivers, with their lances; but the Fusileera advancing, andbeg,inning to open fire, the -Cossacks retreated, leaving us in possession of a great part -PE-the convoy-I thin- abou.t 70 or 80 bullock carts, laden -with flour and wood. "Before the army moved, Yr. Commi Adams, of the Conmnisariat department, claimed aU the carts- and animal which I had taken, as falling at once under the constrol of hls department. . Now, f confess that, as I - anticipated the want of transport for my camp equl- 'e, I thought that the circumstance of my- having h the fortune; to effect tha capture -ave a fai_claim of preserence to my department, and accordingly-I -reed that claim, and succeeded, with difficulty, in obtaimng the -use of the captured carts for the transport of hospital tents, hospital comforts and intrenching tools;, but even the carts which; I succeeded in haing then- used -fell imme-diately under the control and -management of the Coimissariat, and all the red of the captured crtsweromused by tie . Commissaziat for such purposes as they thought proper. .Of cours this question betweeni me and Mr. -_Commnisa Aaswe wouldnothaveoccurred if the departmernt.of which I .w3a the head had been really responsible for the snuply-of tranort, for here was an instance in which by a nieco of good ortine I obtained for the army that. supply of transport which it so much required, and. had no sooner done -so7than-the Commissaiat, as the proper manager of aJl ,transport business, assumed, and properlyassumed, the con tedy and minagement of the caXtEand bhlockadwhichI ad taken." Now if there is one thing clearer than another it s this, that the duties - of- the different depaments iL an army- ought- to: be perfectly distinct, If the -Comnisait is responsible for the whole trpt and :for that purpee has control over all-theineans of trnport, -itoght not o*ein brferad with;*and of~ al l fflisers ini thearmy the Quartermaster-General ought to know this. nd yet hero wre find SilRichad Air, nhe bid landed ens an enemy's coast, disputing like t spoilchil 'ith the Commssar, and claming thze carts wilxb lbe lea C.ptexd m6rely becs6ae 12' hAd c9ptnrethem althonih he;bi~i :conLfesses that this ch.iuia a-g e-6iotlonof the rules of the 'service, an hid t6be ralnquished. One mnay wonder at the shalow impertintnpe of a marl WV2O -a utt- A charitable lampeat ever the iz2oranl. 3mpAtieiiceo ,d conrYraie as to milfitary miatter.;btw cannot wronaer that unider the superintendence of 'an offcer 's6 ignorant of his o 'dwn, dties the army soula have suffered itskbeiuUl.dog oouragedofthe adidiri tb the very echo, but keiisilence on the achievements 4f ost of the geners]' Kofficams
' THE WJATE? 2uPLY Or LONDON. TO TBE EDITOR. OF THE TIMES. Sir,-the report of the Medical Officer for the. City of Iondaon has been the means lately of agsain directing attehit tion to the inadequacy of tho London water supply. It wia evident during the last public investigation of that subiect that Parliament would not interfere with the vested interests of those comptnies hamving the control over that supply. Cpmpetition was t6o ifhrbiddenM *regarded that necessary' of life-water, and the London water companies were left undisturbed m the possession of Iheir respective monopolies, subjectedonly to limitedState supervision; and acertAin period of time was allowed to those companies to enable i some of theni to improve the 'qality of supply by drawing watei from the upper portion of the river Thames,-A namely, above Teddington-locks. ' - ' I The time so allottedto the London companies is drawing8 to a close, and, whatever may have been Accomplished for improving the quality of the water by drawing from higher and purer sources, or by filtering processes of doubtful efficacy,-the quantity of water discharged from the Iondon companies mains is notoriously very inadequate to the various wants of so largo an area as that &cupied by the metropolis and its sutLburbs. -Thb Watford project had been frequently offered in augmentation of the London and suburban supply; but it; peared to hAve been decided, in quawters against which il is hopeless to contend, that there was no room for the sdnmissinn of those who seek to compete with the present old established water companies. Were a similar want felt in Paris the remedy would be administered, and the work would be completed in les time than that which would be wasted in this country in matuing the preliminaries and in obtaining Parliamentary 5anction. The waters were turned through the Bois di Boulogne, in dashing cstcades, as it were by magic-the works were ordered and completed.. The metropolis is so situated, that nature offers to the inhabitants the bounty they, apparently so obstinately, reject. The complaint is, that very extensive districts in various parts of the metropolis are so inadequately supplied vwith water, that as far as the poor are concerned water is almost inaccesible, partly from their inability to pay water-rate, and partly from the indifference of the small tenement landlords to the health and comfort of their tenants, the inmates housed in the crowded narrow streets; lanes, and courts of London. lNow, were our rulers in earnest and bent upon supplying a remedy for the evil complained of, wheze is the difficulty in practice of placing streams of water within resonable resch of these humble dwellings ? What would be the expenditure of one or two mil3ions of money (chargeable on the owners and occupiers of metropolitai property) where the health and comfort of the metropolis are concorned; and may not a well-directed expendP ture to that extent be the means of saving, in the course a short period, a far larger amount in preventing, checkir' dr mitigating disease, with its train of painful and c-s'; consequences? A few statistics would determine 'l-o caosb per head in respect of those of the mctropolitan inhnbitanti: to whom water is almost inaccessible. A Government 1 t 41eoted4 the object would call into activity the taleni Nul- of British engineers, who could complete the -nc-ceay works in probably two years. The Wetford sn:inge, or the water to be abstracted from thie"n""u between Te&lington-locks and Staines, or be- 'tii and Xi%denhead. where the Thames is at b W. .5 feet- abovo Trinity high-water malrk, would require eugine power for lifting the water into the higher reser. voirs; but the Thames in the neighbourhood of Reading, where. its waters paws in a compaatively purer state, ree6ives various tributaries of an excellent quality of water rthe rights over whose springs could bo purchased) flowng at levels, at least, 150 feet above the Thames' level at Lambeth--a portion of the river itself, or one or more of these tributaries, led in duplicate iroi pipes of the required strength and dimensions (where crcumatauces will admit) along the public roads and railway Sides to convenient capacious reservoirs, constracted in the London clay or other retentive basins, might thence fall from the last reservoir into another formed in the highest elevated public park or squro in the northern cortion of the metropolis, and thence from public square to public square, discharging the overflow it thb lowest points of outfall through the sewers intothe Thames. Each public square, where practicable, would contain its reservoir or ornamented basin, flowing at command, with a proper discharge into the sewers for flushing, and with standpipes for road-watering. The reservoirs might occasionally be let down and emptied (and in this manner cleansed) at a low state of the tide, in order to cleanse also thoroughly the sewers and remove the mud deposits from the river banks Andin any case, where one square would admit of a reser, toir situate about 10 feet above the level of another (the published plan of the Sewers Commission marks the levels), the reservoir of the higher position might be the means of adding ornament and beauty to the metropolis by discharging a fountain in the lower basin; and in the several water jets, which would pour out larga volumes of water, our artists would compete in exercising their skill in designing something which might improve the public taste in the fine arts. The ornamental portion of the work might be left to private funds and individual subscriptions, It need not be defrayed from the public rates and taxes. The squares and roads leading thereto are laid out to hand, ready to receive; the long-desired stream. If it be desired to lezadpure, bright, generally serviceable water, occasionaUly to be used for culinary purposes,of suficient "softness" answerable to the ordinary soap test, a more liberal grant of money would be demanded, inasmuch as the streams must first have all sewerage diverted from them, sad then be led over a lengthened range; but no one can doubt that the work may be accomplished, and probably without the use of a single raising engine-the water would' beconducted so astofloweasilyovernaturalfalls, the contour i of thecountryfavouringthedesired directionef the element. But if the use of the newly introduced water were confined to eommon purposes, road-watering, sewer-cleansing, ho., the quality of the water would be less important and the estimateof cost would be moderate, inasmuch as less than half the distance would be traversed; various points on the 1ower levels near Teddington.locks suggest themselves for pumping stations, &a. When the Londen water companies were LaS upon their trial (as the public thought) before Parliament, Sir Benjamin Hall's department was not in existence. Is it not competent for Sir Benjamin Hall, with the machinery and means at his disposal, or, if incomplete, cannot the necessary powers be granted-to him in the " next' session" of Parliament, to take up this question of "insufficlert water supply" to the icumbler classes, irespective of thepresent orfature water companies, and by means of the improved supply to ornament the squares and public places of the metropolis, to water the roads, parks, and streets, flushthoesewsrs, and,to the extent towhich thenewlyintroduced water wouli be used, economize the water supplied snow by the present companies (the powers of which are' taxed to the utmost to meet the present urgent demands on their res-rvoirs) for domestic use? Moreover, a portion of the newly introduted water could beled to "the Serpentine," and the overflowwould not only enliven the green, almost stagnant, water in front of Bucldngham Palace, but be serviceable in cleansing and purifying the sewers in the neiglhbeurhood of the ne1w Houses of Parliament, -Possibly the present water companies might be able to supply liberallythe present wants of the metropolis for domestic uses, were the water of the public reservoirs alone used for read-watering, sewer-finshing, and other such' purposes, where filtered softer water maynot be required; the quantitydrawnfrom the service pipes of the vaious companies for common purposes mnst be very considerable. . It may be objected that the owners and occupiers of tumbler dwellinzg would mse the public reservoir water in avoidance of the company's waterrate. It would impose no practical hardship were the companies compelled to lay on water for every dwelling, and the owners compelled to pay the water-rate (whlich would be added tothe rent); thus the owners or occupiers would have no motive for esing ihe reservoir water, though they might do so if they pre.ferredit. When we examine the remains of the magnificent aque-ducts of the ancient Romans, -and consider the cost and labour spent in constructing those useful and necesry works, we may well fed shame, that in this age of iron, and with our boted scientiic and engineering ishil, we are content to se cLear stream3s fowing within riach of our -metropolis, and to a3low them- to rum to wate, while we are doing nothing but continually clamouring for more water. - ' - We require not so much a head nsa powerful arm. CRYSTAL PUAI&.-01 SDllng DAY WEIs iAx, Sept. a -.-ni3o On paye4t, 8,0dittO 1y ;;% W; bi h>, 8W7m
N-; XOBODY, .03.EEDBBY, 4 D 'EYSYBODY. t spower fNobodyibecmnoeaoioisngli, ielif o Eas ws fie Or of lgsoenOrmOund ENobodha and be alone is re fefor Qman pr-ceedings, both iny ; ItlsHiic Vorf ble , 6it eeQo moen , UOW Of COe dayitsn And olmisedOn,-lie has so mnuch to answer for, and is,so constantly called to account, that few remarks u o hi hi may not be Ill-tnied. l mar bdingany ountr th ngpewrld .has vrsed odfa Ishammang consider. ltwashe wholeft tevtesn ehind; 'who left the baggage behind, who chose-the worst possbibe ground for encampmnents, who provided no means of transport,- who killed the horsqes, who, paralyzed the comnmissariat, 'ohok new nothing ofthehusines be rofeSied t o ekowand nonopolised, ana whodeciimated the h nlisli army. lutrls. Nobody who gave out the famrous unroasted coffee; it 'was Nobody who made the hoptals more. horrible than langasp can describe°; it 'was obody who ocadonedi all the dire confusion of Balask va Harbour; it 'was even Nobody w 3hoorderedthefatal Balakava cavalry charge. The nonrelief of Kars 'wAs the work of Nobody, and. Nobody has Jmtly and severely suffered for that infamous transaetion. It is difficult for the mind to spamc the career of. N thodY. 'The sphere of action openedto this wofiderful perwsi so en Targes every day that th e limited faculties. of Anybody are towealtocompassit. 'Yetthenatureof thels tribund expressil appointed for the detection and punishment of obodys may, as apartreotf his stupeadouas esordr, be glanced ttheOld praoiti, 'whenit na hPerson uiie e strong suspidon of lpractib;esnois tied toit is the custom (the rather a.hethestrorng suspicion las s been found, by a previous Inqut toe grexist) tomconduct the trial, an stringent prioa cIples andt tor cnfie Nbi drtialhadsit.: itis not yet :brome tell practice of the criminal, or even of the.civil courts-but thy, indeeil, are constitute dfor i the punish- mneut of Soeoyt nieteprisomer's or. defendant's: friends to talk he mat'o ' him. in G a cosy, teaand-muffin sort of way, and malse out a verdict together, that shall be 'whatadeposed. !ron king called"maltng thbings pleasant." ayiat, when Nobody wa shown -within these eiew 'weeks to have occasioned intolerable misery andlosin the late war, and toluzive incurred a vast amount of guiltin - 'briinge to pa result whih all morally sane parsons can ;Understand Cto fraught with~ fatal. cousequendes, far beyond present calculation, this cosy coursely pofmeding was.thecoursepursued. M lord, antentuponistablislingthe = suibiaty of Nobody, uralked into court, ashe would a intoabadroom; and aa y Lord's friends andSadmirerse :toadied and fawned upon~ hin in cou~rt,'as they toady him and favn upoan him in the other assembly. My Lord carried his head very high, and tooSo a mnighty great tone wth thBae eople; ard there was no queston as to oanythingMy Lorgd tdid or sEad, andNobodygot trinmphantly x ed. aac their ceno uh and inicompetency eniough to bro ing any cun y phate the 'world has ever seen to defeat andshame and to lay anyshead odthat ever was in it low, anwere proved ovyndig uesson- hait,y5 Lord .hcried, " On Nobody's eyeksbe it I' Vtand y Lod'ipaneedchorus cried "Tlwziceihere is n6imnoso u Nombyody; oen ehimbethonibe shme and blanOrs me back to h"obody-t i be thre Surely, this is a ather 'wonderful state of things. to be realizing itself so long aftoer the Flood in such a country as England. Surely it sufgsts topudr with soe force that, ;whereverthis ubiq itous toboay is, there mischief is and there danger s. Font isespecly tobe borne inmind that wherever failura is accomplishe there Nobody lurs.- With sunce he has nothing to do. That*is Everybody:." liusines, and all manner of improbable people 'will invariably be found at the bottom of it. But it is the great feature of the present epocl that all public disster in the united tIngdom of Greta, Britain and'Xereiaud is assuredly, and to a dead certainty, Nobody's work. We 'have, it is not to he denied, puneied Ntaobody with exemplary rs3igour. We have, as a nation, allowed ourselves t be deluded by no influence or insolences of office or ranke, buct have dealt with NRobody in a spirt of ec%ual and uncompromising justice that has moved the ad-, na btion of the 'world. I haveilad some opportnmitiea of remarking, oat of England, the impression made on other peoples by the stern on spirit with which, the default proved and the wrong done, 'we have tracked down and punished the defaulter and 'wrongdor. And I do here do. '-e moy solemn belief, founded on much i have seenl that -remembrance of our frightfl failures within the last ccuee yearse, and of our retaliation upn Nobody, 'wi by 'snore vividand potent in Europe(mayhp in sa stood and, in memrica), for years upon years to come than. al our suco ceI dsne the diys of the Spanish Ar ada. In civil matters 'we hve Nbody equallyactive. When a civil office breaks down the break-dowvn is sure to be in Nobody's department. I entreat of my rmder, dubious of this proposition, to 'wat until the next break-down (the reader is certain notto have to wait long), and to observe vwhether or no it is in Nobody's departmcent. A despatch of the greatest mnoment is sent to a Minister abroad at a mos iiiprtat riss;Nobody readait. British sabjectsa, sIfrontedinaforeigat'erritory; Nobody interfere. O.WUrow loyal fellow-subjectE6,a few thousand miles away, 'zant to ex,- ciange poi tca c comria and domaestic intelligence with ts; Noboy stoDs the mail. The Government, with All its mighty means na appliances, is invaxiably beaten and outstripped byjprivate enterprise ; which we all know to be Nobody's fault, Something wil be the iiational death of us, some day; and who can doubt that Nobody-will be brought in "Guilty?" * Now, might it not be well, if it were only for the novelty of the experiment, to try Somebody a little?2 Reserving NObody for statues, and star-s and garters, andabatous, and places and pansiens -without dluties, what if we 'were to try,Somebody. for real'work ? More than that, 'what if we 'were to punis Somebod -with a most inteurible and grim severity, 'when we caught'him pompously undlertakin-g in hiolydlay-time to do work, and found him when the 'work- mg-tim Came altogether unable to do it 1 Were do I,as an Englihanm,want Somebody? 7Before high Heaven, I want him everywhere I I look- round the lwhole dull. horizon and I want Somebody to do 'work'while the Brauen Head, already hoarse with cring"Tmei" pase ito the second 'warning, " Time as"Ido't wn C3omebody to let off Parliamentary penny crack-ers against evils that ineed to be stormed by the thuinderbolts of Jove. I don't want Somebody to sustain, for Parliamentary and club entertainment, and by the desire of severalpesn of distinction, the character of a light old gentleman, or a fast old gentleman, or a debating oldi gentleman, oradndy oldi chident.mn or wan freanoas l genfitlemn, ort eacapita gold, getea,cosdrn hitseyears. Io wantht Somebd tnenomben cleve in doiptngyth busyiness noth plclevri woevfad iin it.het pmore lever hes intheatter qiuaity,m 'wichteadso dongthemakingofs Nbdy,d thabelorse Itol it, to bet afloram an sytmy children artndfor llmnand thneir chialdrn. Ih waint Somebody-ho shall begn no mnficin,ht atsl capabe,vgood determiened workmin. fror itNeemst to methaout ofro thenmomtcy wnhenIacepto Anybodyesincauhigh apelacewose fnthisraon,i tatbplae is oto exchating whinks 'wthme winstedoong thebdyan seriousd deed thatobelong btoeeith etm.otasytmo alepeec Andgeneralbsindig, thebac tain Nofo w,hic soont bregin tocmanifest giltsel winkever departmeant ofhi lime.from Newgae tothe ourtof Bnkrutcy, and then cato-the highest court ~~ ~of appa.Frti esn bv aillvters,lL I 'want o se thee'workin somebodysineveyrspnil positin whic Fthe owinkin S homebsody,and fnobod byno monopolize betweney on them. w t eivetaheeee vand tuhis brsingss me back; toa Nobody-tonthe grloea toi demoncl, guity wicnyssked, blin gwiant ofputhis tiome 0,h "frimendtats,ontyen, axulind lovers," look, atutht carcase bsmlingss strng ofsa prus ncd(dukot bcoftiatsionlver mlef-t ot 'wheeich 'as grart ofLaigi the pluderdo, asdthe les pier niciou thieve3as "callitrte swapgos,-yush cam ering iampstead-heathpbytLondont wtown!qir Thienk hofmte histor ofwhich Theeate abomndations iusatin once *the bleysginninban the end;m ofrthedarks scald= t sc nesldagu.rsehall tnrast; and Nofod thelrdhip ofyor trasuryttoml'wsich Nobody. driving ae rsoshaeflebran rase to,frhis cerfeatur whoen athewse alivtfe. olwthewoe tr, and frucnffg inbish byo liUstenin to 't the calim ntrarylawrersasthe tllyo ta Nobodye kny owsoanythingvabouteit;othatmNbody.isMetitle weasesuc aQ h businsasa al tha soreody canebedy alowedyt demadnd, orhm decnc'sae thei swiftl gexpesionx from they baDmcang boedy of ten sunrvtivin intrment intesheapbof ~oraboclyopatitcoutawbth al squirea, excted hoeiaya
We regret to namounce the death of Genaral Sir Henry -ederiok sbell, EC.B., G.C.R., Colonel of .the 25th legimenf, 'w hch took plce yesterday at his rei-deene in Lowndes-squa after a protracted illew. 'ils venerble and gallant soldier was in his 87th year, end was within alew days of 70 year in the servc,whichhe entered onthe 20hof Seotember, 1786. After serving in 1ollaoi andlYndors in193 and 179 Sir eM thena colone in -the ary, proceeded to the Peninul in comn-d of the Socond ariPgde of Guads, and wa present at the pwzsae ,ofthe Douro, catre of Oporlo, and action at Salmanc6. - sevore wound receired at Talavera compelled him -to return.to England. In 1812, however, -he zejoin6c the amy si njor-general, and pain co dedthe Gards .at the siege of Ciudad kRodrigo. Shortly afterwarlzs c- ceeodngto the co and of the 1sA divis8on he accLpanied, 1;eSarmy in its advance into k, and was.preseni; at the battle of Salamanca, capture of mAdrid, and siege of Burxg, forwhich services le was made a .C.B. . Sir Her" wag twenocmarried, and nunaerons families are placed in mnourn- in. consequence of his death. Among them is } is son, Czonel Cwnpbdl, Colonel the Hon. C. J. F. Stanlerr.o. - ther of the of DI ea-y, Colonel Brownlow Knoz P., -Colonel Mioorsoi, and lhr. Henry Curnie, of Ws.t ordey place, Sulrre. Er the daoh of Sir Henry Camplell the oloney o£ the 26th, 0 Jor es own Borderers, is plead st -the displ of thie Dulke of Cambridge. i WGtJLAn iACCEw~ AwD iF:s .-A rema jkable secdent latl tookplace at arilngom. A boy abort rive years old fell into the stream; the waters wrve woIIen by the hevy rains to the bulk, of a rivm andi tbe eild was bornea:long imntilhe as- *died oenr x akies wit % fall -f W fe. Sne people tried to ree him er he apiaeed the culvert, ortunnel,thrghlwhichthe 6mmausesf.or acme 200 0 00 yards. -nnder VWIoum% roa, Ana raalwi bridg, but they could not Iusfed AWaY into the eda ret6m he rolled, and dioammard with the Areso. He was now giver up for at; Ni t no I I emerd eanthefurthe side of the bridge, in t hearbor, wa borme lrther ee,- le~~~~~nv st he onSe dt of being m, working near *116 5pCA. He --mddimdb' is- a 'surgery bad the vuyM paid *e i, ISIW t~~~hen Gsi a m ilet} da, Sacn am Wd... day appuea thn VMS VWes f t by "M -cep*hgee)uaxwdd lathe aeeu ed his g ~ansu tlll,- ya pl, -W 9. -
RAILWAY INTBLLIGBNCE. I LANCASHME AND, YO01SR. -: The ilft - ylymeetin held yesterday atMamhester, lfr.7 IL lmlckham, .EP., presidm. An abhatac of the half-yearlyreportand statement, of accuts 1has appeared in S9e Times. T!he C1asrW.sra?r, in inovig the usnul confirmnation of the dircctor? p:sceedings, conxgratuldtedthe shareholders on the przeicimprovement in the corpny's affihire, and consmix4 everal statements which oe said had appeared in some of the public prnt; calculated to r a suspicion that the proposed diviend on the past half-year had not been fairly earned. The oUtlay on the permanent way had bsecn properly charged on the.worknexpeesof the perod during which it had been incurred, and no more money -would have to be expended i aenewals duing the ensuing six months. (Hear, hear.) The esDenditure on capital accdunt for somo years pad on old portions of the railway ,;As rendered necessary by the increased accommodation requined for that increasing triffic which had led to an angruentin' dividend; andif the shareholders desired that'their vrofits hnould be commensurate viith the business offered to tenmtheymust continue toprovideadequate facilities. (Hear, bear.) The total revenue for the last half-year had been 566,0471. Deducting theLiverpool and Southport receipts (not included in the corresponding haf of last year), amounting to F,,443., tho net receipts had been 557,604L, against 504,2071, in 1855,-an increase of 53,3974 The expenditure of the lad half-year had been 22%1211., against 211,459. in 1855. The itnprovement in passengr traffic which he noticed at the last half-yearly meeting had continued and was still going on. The pssenger receipts of the lad half-year shovwedan iCTreas ef nearly 14,4001.1 and' in the traffic of the week just ended the increase m passengers alone was 1,000!. The avernge of each class conveyed was, in 1854, first class, 10 per cent.; second class 33.'. per cent., tbird class 56A per cent. In the corresponding six months of 1836 thoflirst clss had decreased to 9 per cent., the secox'd clun had decreased to 27h per cent., and the third class had increased to 63A rer cent: In 1854 the average earning per 'dassenger was E 3:d., each travelling, on an average, 1 3 miles; in 1855 the average earning was nearly hs 3f., the average distance being 10-8 miles; and in 1856 the average earning 'had been only I. 3d. each, the average distance king 11-3 miles. The great increase in the total number of Psenzera hadsufflcedto aumenttherassen8errevenuo. The increase in goods traffic had been near ly 87,000. The rolling stock of the company had been doin,g a greater amount of work than it had ever done before the lst half-year, and this proved not only that the stock itself was in efficient order, but that the permanent way could not bo in the in- pe ct condition asczibed to it in those statements to which he had caready alluded. The locomotives had earned a larger amount, per engine, than they had done previously, andthe company had to load and unload 169,593 more tons of goods thnm in the corresponding half of 1855. In the half-year just ended the company had carried 1,545,318 tons of goods, against 730,325 tons in the corresponding half of lS50, snowsng an increase in the six years of more than double; and if the amount increased to 3,000,000 tons in six years more, vhich he hoped was not inmpossible, there must, of course, be an increased outlay, which would bce fairly charged,to capital. The leaseof theRochdale Canal had now been in operation for 12 months, and it had been satisfactory to the interests of this company. Arrangements were in progress which he hoped would leadto amore harmonious action betwean the railway and water companies, and pul an end to the prejudicial competition on the ead coast. Despite the late stringency in the money-marlket, the rate of interest on ai the money borrowed by this company was only Is 9ld. per cent. more than it was 12 months ago. The revenue of the company had increased from 396,3891. in Jane, 1851, to 566,047!. in June, 1856, while the dividend in the same period had increased from 2 per cent, to 4? per cent.; and, looking at what this raiwa) had done in pst years, the shareholders had a right to be most sangun.seas to its future prospects. (Hear, hear.) .Mr. Srimn (vice-chairmau) seconded the motion, and said lie hoped the period was not far distant-perhaps it wvould be next Mrarch-when this company would pay a dividen!d of 5 per cent. (A^pplause.) The report and accounts were unanimously adopted, a dividend of 2!. 5s. for the half-yea: was declared on the ordinary stoclc, and in thesame proportion on the shares in the company; all payable on the 15th inst. A resolution was then unanimously agreed to, authorising the directors to oppose all bills in Iarliament which they conaidered prejudicial to this company, and to take all necessary steps in reference to them. The SEcIaETARY read the renort of the committee a pointed at the last half-yearly lrecting to inquire into the charges brought by some Bradford merchants against Mr. Anderton, the chairman of the traffic comruittee, respecting statistical returns of traffic carried by different firms in that town. It appeared that the parties making the accusation had declined to proceed in the matter, and the commaittee had therefore restrained Mr. Anderton from making his own explanations, as he had been most anxious to do. Mr. E. WAr-= moved a resolution to the effect that the charges against Mr. Anderton had failed of proof, and expressing the shareholders! confidence in him as a director. Mr. Hxr.rsn seconded the resolution, and, after a discussion, during which Mr. Hzigh (of Bradford) defended the course taken by the Bradford merchants, who were still unsatisfied, the motion was carried with three dissentientsb. Mr. AxshDERTo?, who had previously pl1ced his seat- at the board at the disposal of the shareholders, then expressed his obligation to them for this mark of their confidence, and zaid he would continue to act, as he had hitherto done, for the interests of the company. (Cheers.) The proceedings condLuded 'with a vote of thanks to the chairman and directors. ED1NB1XRGH AND GLASGOW. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on Tuesday, in Glasgow; Mr. Peter Blackburn, ALP., in the chair. The report stated that the receipts for passengers during the half-year endig the 31st of July amounted to 62,795!., and for the corresponding period of 1855 to 48,1851., showing an increase of i4,6101. The receipts for goods showed a decrease of 3,2591., but there was an increase of 50oO in the parcels. The totl increase amounted to 11,401. as compared with the corresponding period of last year. This increase was attributed to a return, since March last, to more reasonable fares between Edinburgh and Glasgow. lThe ordinary working expenses showed a decrease of 2,6871. lbnt a very considerable expenditure having been incurred in removing stone blocks and relaying a portion of the permanent way, it has appeared advisable 'to increase the amount set aside for this purpose, half-yearly, by 1,2651., 'beginning in this account. After including this additional amount in the expenditure, and providing for interest, taxes, and rents, the net balance of revenue was 28,6971.; from which the directors recommended faynent of the Five per Cent.PreferenceDividcend,amountsg to 4,3771., and a dividend at the rate of 2 per cent. por annum on the ordinary stock, 22,2331., together 26,610!. The board resolved to take advantage of the opportunity, when the company were free from any contest, to relay a considerable portioun of the line,which was nearly completed. lie expenditure wouald amount to 10,2221., and with the balance of 8,585!. already standing at the debit of the maintenance of way account amounted to 18,808! The ,board have resolved that hereafter 7,500l. be debited halfyearlyfor themaintenanco and renewal of theline and works. no capital account showed that 3.535,2681. had been received and 3,513,7562!. expended, leavingO a balance of 21,516!. The revenue account showed that 135,3411. had Cbeen received during the half-year endin the 31st of July olaEnd ,53.expededi okin g t7hse Eline, 22,615!. interestf The COn_sexac, in moving the adoption of the report, -id he could not imagine that it would be received as altoXether Satisfactory. He felt disa i ted, and had no doubt they did also. With a consider e nraei h eeps, and a diminution of the working expenses, it was natural to -expect a better dividend than they had this time last year. But it must be kept in mind that last year, thou h they paid 2 percent., ther did not earn it, but were 5, 000. short of the amount required for such a dividend. A considerable expenditure had been going on, preparig for a traffic not yetestablished-vin, that by thewHelensburgh din, and the expenses connected with a station for it. Till the line was opened there would, of course, be no return for thlat outlay. They hoped that the return for that investment would produce a fair dividend. The next item in the report was therelay,ng of the permanent way. A large sum had been spent in this way, hut the expenditure was absolutely necessary. In the original construction of the lie a considerable extent of' the railway was Ilaid upon stone blocks. It 'Was found that these -were ,more hable to break, and snore liely to cause accidents' 'than the wooden sleepers, and it was judged pe -dlient not longer to delay the substitution of wooden sleepers. The line was now in a capital state; there are lo accidents. The working expensesv were about 46 per cent. onthe receipts, which wer certainlyhioicompred lth other rnilways;but it must be remembered that thoycarried' at lower rates than any in the kingdomi. They carried at cthree-hblfpence a-mile, while in England the charge wonld -be 2d., and sometimes 3d. It was quite evident, in this waY, that the working expeaces must hearzalarger proportion to the r ceipt.' But; taking that into consideration, it would be seen that the proportion of working expenses was not greater than in other hines; though there was no diusing the fact that outlays "-of different kinds were becoiing so much more hlavy. that the working expenses on all railways must be*comegreatereveryday. Theprincipalit6m in thecapital .account was the subscription to the GLs3gow, Dumbarton and Helonsbar-gh Railway, of which 'hey had paid half. -Whey had paid 21,000l. for plant, most of which was contesed in paying for seven newv engines, besides other minor items Se thought till3t lQO,O . more would pay the other .half of the subscription, all the lant, and everything on lhapL The most imnportant difterence between this andithe Stiring sad Ilunfermllne Railway Ciomnany-was 'whether tmat company was entitled to go beyond the limnits of their -capital, 520,000!. (Hear, heza.) The 'great questioni to be determined between them was that-viz, whether they wero entitled to go beyofid that capital, and' expend '650,0 . Iinstead of 520.000l. Had the former agreement with' -the Caledonian been maintained, he believed that, instead of payinig2 and lIper cent, it would more probably have 1henmat 4, or, at events, at 3 per cent. He hoped theo sCaledonian Company would see The error that had been e.imiitted.' and- that both might yet be able to come to a nxore intimate alliance. He was convinced that the-best -s9'cg railway cepanties could do was to come to a good -zn=dertan3di with their rivals and neighbours, and escapo. theguinoes con:sequences of 'rnning'at unremunerative ratsc The ar-eats in London had been-very busy, and hlad ennabl to gt the forwpal. agreemenb adjusted, but .;it bseian sent to tee Oiled oan, a he tcustedit would 2.soo b*ip operation.' - -'ir. .El4lusmop sefoadcd the motion. - - , : nThe C2ZIJRSIAN, in repy to aquestion, stated they h-ad 43ima ayiiet the North tsritsb, which thov had made out todh bmourre£ but'30 If that svas'paid they wvoud-no rmire to hi2, but--f not they wou2d lave to borir* - ^.at 30,G000'. ' '- ' - -- > ->. E. .hed teo 2no;v hoiv many pames were nowx. ibinz sad what .zoportisi- thej bore to the number in .cxiimensndhwhatmejattycI L7+><*iS .imalastga - - Thae Qgan" ns;d' teroe utogp±hei2 280, of which 7Iwerotot sadsrs 15, topgent; pa_§e-grantcdin cnS gUence of the competitien and stiU current, not expirang till the end of the year, when they *oiold' naot be renew6d; 117 had been granted for railway officials of other comPa;ies, a considerable number being given more oa acompliLicntthananything els andwere seldom useL Some offioials on the east coast lines 'and two lindon officials had pxss,' but they were seldom used. Ur. Seyiaoir Clarkelaovev' used lisa, except. when 'accompansying Her MIajesty to Scotland. R;ailwray direetora had 77 paases, sud passes were exchanged with the Ecottish (Cestrasl and with the east line up to London. The chairmen and denuty.ck3airmnen on somc of the northern lines had passes, but practicaly' they were seldom useL. The report was thien approved, and two othei resolutions were also passed, declaring a dividend of 2 per cent. on the consolidated stock. and 5 per cent. on the preference ainrwes. The meeting then: separated. DUNDA=I AN)D EThISKLLEIT. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Dublin on Friday, the Earl of Erne in the chair. ' I ' The report, an abstract of which has appeared.inul7ht Tmes, was read by the secretary. The CiIATmn&, in moving theadoptionofthe'report, adverted to the difficulty of obtaining money at a reasonable rate of interest. There had ben an' erroneous opinion abroad that they had increased' their capital by thie issue' of their preference shares, but the fact was they had not added one farthing to it. Their ordinary shares were 226,8001., and their preference shares 180,000L, rnaling 406,8001. Tho preference shares were issued in' lien of certain ordinarr shares which had been forfeited. They, had had disautes with the contractors,' and were obliged to put an end to the contracts, and let them to others, as the directors vrere anious to complete the line to Enniakillen. lie wzas glad to say that the directors of' the Dubbin and Drogheda and of the l)ubiusud Belfast' Junction Railway companies ha d subseribced fee-a portion of the company's prefesence shares, conditionally ou' obtainiag' the sanction of their shareholders which he. had no doubt would be obtained. Two of the directors of each companyhadbeen electeddi-ectors ofthiscompany-namel' Alr. Barlow, ir. kiurland, Mr. W. Latoache, snd ?r. Evans. Whenthe line was completedto Ennildllen the distance from Londonderry to Dublin by railway would be 30 miles shorter than by the present route. Their traffic had increased, and it now averaged 837. more per week than at the corresponding period of 1855. There was every prob)ability of th.e traffic increasing, and of thg line being com-' pletsd to Enaislcilen. Resolutions were passed adoptingthe report, and declaringa dividend of Os. per 30L. share for the half-year. The proceedings concluded with a vote of thanks to the chairman.~~~~~~~~~~~o the NORTH BRIMISH. The ditectors of this company state in their report, that they believe that the affairs of the company have nowr been placed upon such a footing that prudence and economy in management, combined with a determination to preservd the present efficient condition of the working stock aid permanent way, wi insure the gradually increasing prosperity of the North British Railway. For the first time durig some years the revenue of the half-year has, with slight exceptions, been applied to the requirements of the six months in which it has becn earned, and the i-mmediate result is an important reduction of expenditure in comparison with income, and a surplus enablmg the directors to recommend a moderate dividend on the ordinary stock of the company.. In conformity with the principle adopted for the renovation of locomotive power 1,4961. has been charged against revenue in respect of the last engine and tender sent out for repair. This vinds up the whole extraordinary expendi-; tare; and, although the waggons and trucks willsti need considerable outlay to maintain that class of carrying stock in a condition to ineet the increasing demands of traffic, there is no reason io apprehend that the charge on this account will enhance the general working expenses of the company. The balance-sheet for the half-year ending the 31st of July, l1S6, shows a total receipt of 124,599., being an increase over the receipts of the correslonding periodin 1855 of 3,5941. This improvement has ta en place concurrently with a very considerable diminution of tram-mileage and reduction of engines under steam, and consequently has been obtained at less cost than the income of the previous year, the total woreig o.xpenses being less than 44 per cent. of the receipts. Thc train mileage was (exclusive of 6,754 on the Sellkrk and Jedburgh branches) 478,734, and the average earnings per train mile 5s. 3d. The balance of revenue is 36,717t.; to which must be added the surplus at the 31st of January, 9671., and the sum which, up to that time, had been advanced by revenue to capital, 14,2141. - total, 51,8891. This sum, after paying 5 par cent. Ldividend on the guaranteed stock (19,5051.), will allow a dividend at the rate of 21 per cent. per annum oDn the 'ordinary' stock (31,2751.), and leave a balance of 1,1181. to be carried over to the ensuing half-year. The directors recommend the above dividend on ordinary stock. Although a portion of the surplus out of which it is paid has not been earned within the half-year it is strictly the property of the ordinary shareholders. The directors have anxiously turned their attention to such pgints in the management as afforded room for diminution of working expenses. The directors have likewise resolved, subject to the approbation of the shareholders, to work the Haddgton and Dunse branches by means of single lines of railway,whereby a considerable annual saving will be obtained and publio accommodation amply provided. With a view, however, to insure complete safety, they propose to establsh tho telegraph on the Dunse branch. The great advantage experienced in working the main line with the aid of telegraphic communication, both as respects economy aud safety, and the corresponding disadvantage under whichtbe traffic on the lines to Hawick and Kelso is conducted, induces the directors to urge the shareholders to intrust them with discretionary power (either by outlay of their own capital, or by arrangements for annual payments to other persons, as maybe found most desirable) to extend the telegraph to those portions of their railway, and, conjunction with the respective companies interested to Peebles, Selkirk, Jedburgh, and Ber. wick (from 1:elso). The new capital authorized to be raised by the special general meeting on the 15th of July last, and which has been chiefly subscribed by shareholders, vill suffice to accomplish this work. The obligations of the company have already been paid offfrom this source to the extent of 51,5771. Ss. 10d, and the directors have taken advantage of the position in which the company is thus placed to establish a system of monthly cash payments for res enpplied by public tender. Such debenture loans as now fall due are being renewed at 4 per cent., and the directors trust that the time is not far distant when they may be able, by the conversion of the mortgage debt of the company into stock bearing a fixed rate of interests to effect a furher material saving in the annual outlay, 'and thus increase the surplus revenue. The capital account shows that 4,439,9401. had been expended to the 31st of July last, and that 4,400,0311. had been received. The revenue faccoiint shows that 124,5991. bad been received, and 62,0421. expended, and 25,8391. in payment of interest on loans, leaving a balance of 36,717i. RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held yesterday, at the offices, Old Broad-street; Tr. J. Clay in the chair. The report stated that the income for the past half-year, ending the 30th of June last, was 3,5411. from railway accident policies and tieckets, and 2,4351. for general accident policies, together 5,9771., against 4,5701. in the corresponding period of last year, being an increase of 30 per cent. The amount actuaUy received for premuns during this period wazs 5,033., making, with the b ce from last half-year and the imterest on investments, 7,588!. to credit of the revenue account. The disbursements, including the ordinary workingexpenses, and 5351. as compensation, amouuited to4,0361., leavinga balance of 3,551!, which, with the amount still duefromthe clearing house andagents (8941.), forms the sum of 4,4451., from which the directorsrecoimemndthe payment of interest upon the paid-up capital at 4 per eoet. per annum, free of income-tax, reserving the balance. The amount Of comnPensation psid during thebhalf-year.t(6351.). was smaller than usual, the numaber Of railwaY accidents havig been lessitanforsomeyear. Since`hecommence' mont of the current half-year numerous accidents of a serious character have occurred on different railways. Although great numbers of people have been more or less injured by these accidents, very few of the sufferer-s have, held insurance tic'k-ets. Thirteen claims have been mnade to the 30th of June under general accident policies, and 1461. has been paid in vaTious sums for medical attendance andweekly allowances. Since the commencementof the currenthalf-year two claims of 1,0001. each have been made against the company, in consequence of the holders of general' accident 'policies, ssrs. T. and J. Shilling, father and son, having been drowned in the river Medway on the 11th of JuLly last. The amount of both policies. is payable to the widow and four children of 'the son. The 2,COOZ 'was secured as a Provision for the family by the, -a' meat of 8!. es. only threere months previoeisy. pay- Onthemotionforthe adoption ofthe report, soue disenseeaud inrsett h mutof expenses'incure, whic wer cosideed arge hutit as eplaneduy red chairmanof the annccomtethtvryim was Tthe repodrt was adopted, and interest at the rate of 4 per. cen, ws dclaed,paybleon the paiad-up capital of the compandy.hA vote of thansto the haitman and directors. gs. TRAFFIC RETUIRNS. Shies PSe - M,cr-. Total To Rallwa5s. Open. seigra. cbsanbse. I86. 185 Week ending Aug. 23. i X. linburgh and Glasgw ., 142 ,25. .. - -.I ..G,8°O Week ending Aug. 24 *Nortlt Staffordshire . 233 . - .. - .. T,2C3 7,100 Osledonlan . . - . . '- . . 14,173 - 847 GAreatNortbem .. 233 . - .. - ..2.. 23C6I .!2,693 Werth Devon .. .. 35 .. - .. - .480 .. 419 Week ending Aug. 30. BeSfnst andl Baymena .. - - ..-. - -. 97Z ' 038 COrkasdRandaon .. .. - . - .. - . 207 .. 192 Waterford'and Kikenny . . _ -- 490 301 Week eadlagAug.31. fLendonandNorth-Westem 637. 6 - 507 - 65.5459 Londouaned outh-Westemn - 1.4,931 4,291 19.2522- 17.572 Chester atnd Holyhead .. - . -. 0.53 -- 7,53 M&anchester, Sheffield, and I4Acolnahire - I .. 1731 , - 9- - . 9,830 .. 9,070' Belfast snd County D _ , - .- 7 .24 2,61 Cork, Blackrodc; and Peas- #sge .. .. .;_ .. _..- -:. _ '.. i32S .. : 236 7 Exclusive of traffl4 due uxdes agreement 'tIO th lndeen icd North_Westemn RaUiwyComspany. - thTho rietUmncrm the 1Et of July. 18.6 inlude wothiees t sadw corresponding welal the traffic' o the ]5uhnlui.eaer 'and. boerthdueIon Lines, but not tie'tbaffie of.the HnvdereeeldCaas1, Sheope slzes Union, Prest,on sad Wy , Souath Jjctisn,-iand -3nns d I Including steamboat OSnisga.: §r Incuding hall of the 3lnchester, Soutth'JenctIea and, Altrinlda Z5ep5Grlsseby Dock dutlee .. andcheitcrdelCial rfOelptg -AFA?ryC._A lette fro,mflome, announces t ne' Antx' of Princet Ohalee DEx' ;,' *lo every year was -acrustomedto distrihuto a-sumof'O,0Hf.. waass. He wt3sa oic, ia;nd, not conteut'wih what lie. 'gave hiumsla used ourcl ?ound his wai, .bn =th -tot5 - i
POICE. Poier ' M1SnsIo us TsE.-James Keating, a man of about 35 years of age, dressed like a sailor, was charged with being concerned in stealing an oilskin cape and reefino.7acket. belonging to a mariner nmed James Frazer, a natlve of Sunderland. The prosecutor, having been sworn said,-! camefrom Bamsgate yesterday afternoon, and on my srsi7vb at Lou. don-bridge proceeded, with several other passenger;, to an hotel at the cornur of Fish-street-hilli for the DUFp,o. of par. taking of some refreshment. I placed any 018101 cape and jacket by my side, and while engaged in conversatiou with my friends the prisoner asked a man who' was standing Sy meifhewouldbuy a Russian pipe. Iasked'himtolet ma see the pipe, and upon looking at it I said it was not a, Ril sn pipe. He askedme-3. for it. I -told him it wee on7v worth 2s., and offered him that suni for 'it. He then sai ho could speak the Russian language, and took a cross from his neck which ho said was a Russian coin. During the convirsation a companion of the prisoner stole my cape and jacket, and got lear off.with them, an4 the prisoner tried to make his escape, but I stopped him and gave him into custody. - Moses Levi, an itinerant vendor of jewelry, corroborated the evidence of the last witness. T. Beadle, constable No. g555, seid,-The prosecutor gave, the prisoner into my custody yesterday afternoon for " cohabiting' with another man who, stole his cape and jacket. The prisoner gave a falseoaddress. I found upon hma . tch, which I believe tobGea "duffer;" - Prisoner.-It'sno duffer. I bougsht itat Bristol last week 'for 35s. The LORD M.VOR.-I should be very sorry,to value the waich as the prosecutor did the prisoner's pipe, but it certainly looks to me like one of the duffer watches which are sometimes found in the possession of persons who are brought to this court. (To PIrtridge, the gaoler.-Look at the watch, and tell me what you think of it. Partridge.-It's ot worth a shilling, my Lord; it's a renla r dufier. (Laughter.) eh LORtD MaYO_ (to the pris'oner).-What are'you!7 Prisoner.- have been one of the ArmyWorks Corps, and have just returned from the Crimea. - Prosecutor.-My Lord, when the prisoner addressed me he said he could talk the Russian language, but what he soke to me wasbetween an Irish Gaelic and a Scotch Gaelic. (Laughter.) I havebeen a greatdeal inRussiaimyself, andunderstand the language. The LoaD LEoRve.-I am sorrv to say that I do not. He appears to have tried to impose upon you and to have caught a Tartar. The prisoner, who failed to give a satisfactory account of hinself, was remanded. The LOPRD MAYOR requested that the press wouldacknowledge the receipt of 11. inostage stamps from " J. G. B.," for the widow of George awthorn Vincent. GUILDHAI.-31r. George Middleton, the secretary to the BSociety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, attended to-day before Sir P. axmr to state that, in consequence of the charges that had been made agaist some of the officers of the society in the course of the investigaton dhich took place at this court yesterday, he had deemed it' to be his duty to suspend four of them un thethe meeting of the committee, when the matter would be thoroughly investigatned Mrs. Jores, the wife of asoldier whorlasthweek appealed to the benevolence of the sitting magistrate, Alde eran FiSnnis, to assist her in completing the amount of 20l., in order to purchase her husba;nd's discharge, appeared before Alderman LA R oNCE under the folowng circmstances .- 1r. Mdartin, the chief clerk, informed the worthy alderman that this poor woman had been for a long tixe working hard and saving her money to effect the purchase of her husband's discharge from the 28ith Regiment of Foot, and aucceoded in accumulating the sum of IS!. 10s. 'She then found herself unable to complete the other SOn, a nd applied toAldermanFinnis for assistance. A (lderm an nnisave her thewSOs. out of the funds of the poor-box, and last Saturday took the 201. to the Isle of Wight for the purpose of purchasing the man's discharge. Her case was reported in the newspaper; and a benevolent gentleman sentrthrough the propr etora of Thc Times the sum of 2a., whieh she had duly received. She newv attended for the purpose of refimdig to the poor-hex the money th t Ardarman Pbanes had given her, and it would rest wiuth him (Alderman Laws ninces whether it would be accepted froma her. Alderman Lawnrwn said he crisainly would not take it from her. Mr. Mfartin said the money wo-ld he most serviceable to her; for to mak<e up the 18,?. 1Os; she had borrowed hi. from aloan society, which lshe was now repaying by weekly inustalments, andi it would, no doubt, baen great assistance Alderman LAwnnecn expressed the gratification he felt in assisting so deserving an object. Mrs. ines tendered her grateful thanks to the worthy Alderman forhis kindness, and withdrew. Mr. Martin said he had received a letter from Alderman Finnis, containing Mrs. Jones's papers, and stating that he had paid the 201., and that her husband would receive his discharge in a few days. Mrs. Susanna Chipp applied to Sir CHALIAXN MARBsmALL for his advice and assistance under' her accuimulated load of suffering and misfoxtune.. She said herhusband had been captain of the Ide, belonging to Messrs. Linklater and Green,, and on the 28th of June last he sailed from Jamaica for Liverpool in perfect health. Yesterday she received a telegranhic message from Queen's-town, stating that her husband had& died on the passage home, leaving her a widow with two children, one months and the other five weeks old. To-day she went to the Royal British Bank, and drew out 3201., which s?he had depositd there in December last. It was the amount of a bequest she- had received on the death of her father, and it was all she had in the world to support herself and her children. One of her brothers; who was with her, and who has 3001 smailarly deposited there, told the manager of the bank the ircumstances of her misfortune, and that she wished to deposit the money for safety. The manager assured her it would be perfectly safe, and advised her to leave it. She had received the money in two notes-one for 3001. and one for 201., but uponthat assurance she gave them up, and receAved the usual deposit note about 12 o'clock;. They left the bank, but from a rumour they heard they retmrned in about a-quarter of an hour, and their Astonishment was extreme when they found the door closed, and a placard on if stating that the bank had " suspended payment during negotiations." She was now utterly ruined, having lost her husband, and with the money every other means of sUp- Sir C. MARSHALL, after consulting with r. Martini the chief clerk, said he did not know thathe coud iterfere, hut, as it wasa case of the greatest hardship, he *ould send hr. Ioee tis" officer of tUe court, with them to the bank. Mrs. dhipp said she did not think it would be7of any nse, for there was a crowd round the door knocking and inginmg, but no answer was given to them. Sir C. MxAnSsALL said that if anybody could get in lMr. Roe could, and they had better go with him. Theyaccordigly accompanied'him,andontheir return Mr. Roe stated that he had been admitted to the bank, and had seen a clerk who took the deposit note to the directors, who were then sitting, and laid the applicant's case before them. WVhen he returned he said the directors durst not pay the money now, hut they had no doubt, but that everybody would be paid in-fulL' '' With this assurance the poor widow Was 6bliged to hb satisfied for the present, and, having thanked the-Court for the trouble they had taken in her affairs,' she retired with her brothers, searcely able to support herself under this series of misfortunes. fARnoLovWGI-sTnnxr.--George Brownman 'otherwise Browne, was brought before Mr. BEADoN for fUrther exami- nation, charged with having obtained goods frdm various' tradesmen by false and fraudulent representations. The prisoner is a young, man of .Indian complexion, and the scheme he devised to accomplish his ends was to reprosent himself as a suraeon in the Hon. East India Company's service0just returnea from Calcutta. Mr. 3senkyns, of the East India-house, attended to prove that the prisoner was not in the service of the Comany . Enough might be ascertained on reference to the Eat;=ia g- house respecting the prisoner to get him removed fromi this country. Mr. BnnDeT said ha would remand the nrisoner until Wednesday next, and then he would hear all the chaites to ascertain what effect Lthey would have when taeml' together. - James Stewart Tulk, agentleman belonging to thsRefrm' Club, was charged under these circumstances :_ > - A yomug man said the prisoner came up to hinG- in Kien- - s'ngton-gardens antdaskdd him to 'eta loaded pistol and blowhi brainsout. Seeing that 'the gentlem3nwas evi dentl deranged, he acquainted the parkkeeper, and he wa then secured. ' -*, - - 4. medical man having hgreed to take charge of thedefensd. ant to hIawife at Racusgdte, ' ''--> . Mr. BRAnCH acceded to that arrangeme'nt, ! --. WnsranssEvzaAetrnan' Vod Dittmnar,. late an, officif in -tho German Legion,appeared ;for tiial examination, charged with violently assaulting Major Yates, of the same corps. - '-- It will be reu eimbered' ht oni tbe 'previeoniheariniS was proved that.Lfsjor Yates was at eou 3drso Tuesday night, when therdefendant 'suddenly attacked him with as stick, and st-ruck 'him two blowsrone on the head,, thCbmthr ,OhQ tho ssoulder; and, sbsGequetly 'addrsig Xa' corbet ofWte sne giijimnt,tavbb wais in th,egren5,- said, 'lTrell them at A leot Ike w tr Mr, 1, Peckhham, solicitor attended for the defendant. On the clerk reading over the depoditions of the ritnessss, the majorbegg to et the phr "I w iid -ienrat?ro am two or three days" to " diabled," and Utra.otertrlflmnga&edprsntaiontoceaxmnkear, Who, in rep ly, to 4uestiona rm.ihat - Wh-en 'the firt b ow was stuc 'hisaiewstwd :lI assalant, but he had -tund full round, and a face ,I face with him when hbe received the second. Defenduat did not Bpek too him before he struck him, as ie hod :desri'bedb ;Mr. PeC,ha nBefore he struckyon did you not all ost "PoliCeand ".Wlaiter?" Milor Yatc.--So help me God, no. you. Peckhym.-A.il you havethe kisidnessto state what you ameaby beintdiabed *Major Yates.- had such pains in my arm on the Thu.sday or Friday while dressing that I sent for the surgeon to look at it.' Iproduced a certificate when I 'was hbre before from him, s 3tating the nature of the injury Ihad received.. "Cross-examintion continued_-I don't know whether t!ie defendantsremiained in the gardens an hour after the assavlt had hben committed. I know that E could not find-him., I didn6ot-rema;n three.9uarters of auhour afterwards.- I went to thepolicaestation for awarrant, but the' etar on duty there told nae that he could not assist me. itrh resPect to the injury of my shoulder, a small bone wasuppOsed i; be broken, but my belief is that one was fiob boen,. ormy arm wouldnot beo wxellas it as. - r.Peckham-~Have,you not both served in: continental atmbesh? 'i .- I -,-7 1 - ..~ ~ - .ajoryates.-I have. i Mr'. Peckham.u~l-ave you not been placed under arreet two or three -times-? -' .MaiorYates.-Nottwoor three times; once. decidedly. The evidence cf the other vnitnesses haviz been read. preparatory to the defendant*s committal for trial,, Mr. Peck'hanbegged to interpose on defendant's behalf, and,in allusion to the expresseddetermination of thenmagisrate on the first examination tosend the case before:o jury, okerved that he had to isk hiin whether he would not, seeing that no great amount of injury had been inflicted, and thatit was-now less than had beenat first, imagined, be disposed to- reconsider the matter, and adjudicate upon it sunumarily. ' * *AIrO. AIDOLfl replied,-Decidedlynct; nothing would indrcohlim, withhis limited jurisdiction, to dispose of -the chao w'tneses - were severally bounnd over to rosec-e Mr. Arnold consenting' to take the same bAil as beforefor the accused's appearance at the sessions. Bse,4,was charged before kr. - T~couser with assaulting his'nwife, Eliza Bates, who,having beensu ortedinto court and accommodated with'a sent, relctan ly gavote folwnavdceia 'feeble tone :- ' the following evidence in a 'am the wife of this man. Hle is a sawyer, and we live in Boot-street, Hoxton-market. AboNt* 8 o'clock last nightbhe returned home, and I left the house to fetch some iaLit liqd0r. While at the bar of the publichouse opposite lieent'ered, calle me very bad names, struck me down, and kicked me. Shortly afterwards he repeated the ill-usage in the assageof our own house. I feel very ill and weakb He asserved me in the same way before. * The defendant now caled his son-in-law and daughter to prove that the foregoing testimony was of an ex: aggerated character, but their statement tended to cor roborate- it' and Mr. D'Eyxcoamy directed a remand, observing that-the poor woman's present state manifestly rendered it uncertain whsether the accused might not have to answer a charge of murder. The !AGISTRATE: requests our reporter to acknowledge thereceipt of 1. from "T. F. W.," per the Lord Mayor, for the purposes of the poor-box. TBsx -s.-John Jones, a powerful man about 30 years of age, was brought before Wr. Y,inDLEY, charged with rutting and wounding a young man named William Norris in the employ of Mr. Stephen Noakes, a wine cooper, of Backchurch.lane, WhitechapeL The prosecutor, who had been ouly recently wounded, and[ was in a weakly condition from loss of blood, appeared in court with his head bandaged and hisclothes saturated with gore. It seemed that 'a'oout an hour before the- case was presented to the magistrate the prisoner, who had had some biniess trancsations with Mr. Noakes, came into the cellar in Backchurch-lane and asked tr. NToakes in a very in. sulting manner if he bought caslks. Mr. Noakses replied in the negative, on which the prisoner sat down on a cask for a few minutes, and then called Mr. eoakes a swindler. Mr. Noakes said he would not pu' up quietly, with such an insult, and was passing the prisoner wN'ih the intention of leaving the celLar and ig Ov irL seah of a litceman, when the prisoner struck m a. violen'l. blow on the head with his fist. Mr. INoakes immediately called Norris to his assistance, and the prisoner took up an adze which was lying on a cask and said, "'llcut you down.," He then strack him with thosharp edge of the adze on the front of -the head and did cat him down. Tile young man fell and bled copiously from a deep wound inPficted by the prisoner, who was about to reneat the blow when he was seized and given into custody. Vhe wounded man was carried to the nearest surgery and his wound was dressed. In answer to questions by Mr. YARDLEY the prosecutor said he did not strike the prisoner; ho only got between him and his master. - The prisoner muttered something abont Mr. Noakes owing bmlm moniey, but did not deny having committed the asmaut, and Mr. YAsDuaEY comm'itted him for trial. LAmnErT.-George Green, who has been remandeI since Monday week, on a charge of stealing a gold watch, of the value of 20 guineas, from the person of Mr. John B31is, 'a gentleman residing at' Pinner, Middlesex, was further esaminedhbefore the Hfon. G. C. NORTON. Mr. Wontner attended for the prisoner. -Mr. Ellis, the prosecutor, repeated his evidence to the effect that on Monday week, on the occasion of the Guards' visit to the Royal Surrey Gardens, he was among the crowd near the gardens, and during a slight confusion caused by the galloqing of a horse among the crowd, the prisoner -an right agamnst him, and in an instant he missed his gold watch, which was quite safe but a moment before. He called out " Step thief," and the prisoner, who rushed away from him as fast as he could, was secured bv a constable. In reply tothe questions of Mr. Norton Mr. Ellis said that ho hbd not got any tidings of his watch, and that all he could hear about it was that the prisoner, when closely pursued, had dropped it, and that a boy picked it up and instantly mingled with the crowd. Two respectable married women deposed that they saw the prisoner run away from the prosecutor with the gold watch in his hand, and while followed, and before he had been stopped by the constable, he dropped the watch in the road. Thewitnesses also said they distinctly saw a shabbily dressed little boypick up the watch and rush into.the crowd vith it. They further said that they saw some people searching among the mud in the road for the watch, supposing the prisoner had dropped it there, but they (the wit. iessea) told those persons it was useless, for that it had been picked up hy a hy who, as soon as be did so, rushed among the arowd. The witnesses were cross-examined by Mr. Wontuer, but that gentleman failed to elicit anything favourable to his alient. =Police constable 61P said that the prisoner had given his addinsa Z7, London.wal, city, hut, on calling there and making inquiries about him, he was not known there, and therefore he had ,given a false address. The wtness further -said that the detective officers had seen him, and, thou&h one or two of them had spoken to having aknwledge ofthe 'prisoner, they were unable to speak of his having been con sicted.- Ir. -Wontner urged that this circumstance was in favour -of his client, and hopedthat, as the evidence was of a doubtful character, his worship would discharge him. Mlr. NnrOToN replied that there was no doubt whatever -on his mind thatth a risoner had stolen the watch, and, unless he chose to pIead guilty of the offence, it would bo his duty to send him ore a jury. - Mr. Woutner, after a brief consultation with his client, pleaded-4 Guilty," and Mr. No:ToNo sentencedthe prisonertofive months'im' prisonment and hard labour. In a short time after the prisoner had been removedfrom the bar Mfr. Ellis, the prosecutor, returned into court, and informedMr. Nortoiithat in passing outof oneoftheavenues -he was informed that the prisoner had been before con' -victed of a robbery, anud sentenced to nine months' imprisonnient, and he felt it to he his duty to mention the circumstanee to his worship. Hill, a constable belonging 'to the P division of police, who mnention6d the circumsL;nce to Mr. lills, said he sunderstoodthatthere were two cons+ables-one belonging to -the A and the other to the H division-to speak to the cha-. -racter of the prisoner, but, for some reason or other, they' went away before the caso was called on. lr. NmToN considered such conduct on the part of theso officers very extraordinary, to say the least of it; and, having sent for the pris6ner,-he remnanded him to a futue day, when he requested the attendance of the officers in question.'
SALES BY AUCTIONI. Islington, Barncbury.-Very desirable long Leasehold Estates. prodlun ilg Xf3o per annLm, held at very low ground rents. ^,jB. NiEWJON wvill SELL by AUCTION, at the JJJ.. Mart, on Wednesday, September 17, at 12, in Eix lots, valuable long L.EASEHOLD 0I,I> TATSS, compriSing three well-built residences, 22. 23, and 247 AIbson-grove, Berusbury, let to highly respectable tenanteof longstanding,at rente amounung to LUS Der annum, and held from freeholder for long terms, at only £3 10i. ground rent, the leasehold house, 2, Puinces.ter-ace, Pulteney-street, Eamnsbury-rcnd, let to good old tenant, at £25. held for a long term, at d4 * and the two newly-erected housee, at the cormer of Storefield-street, slington, in hand, of the estimsated rent of £35, held for long terms, at 6Seach Preseating as unusualY eligible opportunity for investment or occupation. May be viewed- Parti.ulars had at the Mart; of Mes.Mxo:coa and Dobie, solicitors, 31, Bedferd-row, and at the auctioneer's oices 8, Church-row, Upperstreet, lelington, opposite Thoberton-street. Furnitume.-Canonbury, Clephan&roaed. ,R.W- NEWBON will SELL byAUMCTON, on the Al X Premfises, No. 7, Be3lmont Vlllas, Clephane road, Canonbomy. parkc, on Thursday, Sept. 18, at 12, the capital ad nearly new lIOUSM, iOLD PUtITMUBI ati EPi;CT; comprising adrawing roqm emite mi rosewood, cheffonier two couches, easy chair, set of chalic work tables, whatoot, loo tables, and book.ceae in Spanish mahoganysuperior chests of drawers, eideboards, sets of chairs, easy chairs, miisic stools, four-post ancd other bedsteads, bookcase, night Eteps, crib couc. and dres4ng tables, elegant ivinged wardrobe, superior marbleg top double washstands.writing library tables solid set of dining tabler, eapital feather beds, bedding, and bedroom appendages, nearly new Bruasels and tapestry carpets, the usual kitchen requiites ,and msellaneousarticlesnofawellfiruishedhouse. Onviewthsdayprecedisg ard morning of sale. Catalogues had at the auctioneer's oEfice, 8, Church-row, upper-street, allngton, opposite Theberton-street. St. Pancras: Burton-creseent.-Deselable Leasehold Residence, oro- ducing 6 58is. per Annum. 1tAR. NEWB w0N w,ll SELL by AUCTION, at the lT Iat on Thur,day. September 25, at 12, the evcellent IXEAS HULD SIEiIDENCE, No. 16. Burton-crescent, at present let km a highly respectable tenant, at £68 s; held for50 iears unexhpired, at a gBroundrent Maybe viewed. Particulars had antte imart ov Jobrt Slehord.,Eoq.. solicitor, 10, Bucldershury; and at the auctionecr'h offIces,-8. ,Churaer-roe, UpLeL-ntrest, U ie on, opposite TheberlonNosirood, miursoy.-Loeg L easehold Estate, close to the Crystal Palace MB :NE2yBoN~and taiasve,y StaEtion. .31BR. NMaVB0N will SELL by AUCTION, at the MtSart, on Thursday, September A5 at 12, anoelt valablelEablo and ROngELTY,A c onysistiAngTonfaetoapital coine shop, situate at pestow.Je, goppo(toe tha Whte Hoart, &te most improvingtpsrt. of torwood; atlo a Leasehold b esidence, near the above, held for a9 years, at oderato groind rents, l'be property is particularly eligible for lnvestment, .or pvivate non aatmon, or bualnese purposes. May he viewved. ?ertitularsians at the Mlart- of lfessrs. Stevens and-Seictell, solscitors,-6, dQueen-atnset. Cheapsido, and at tbe auctloneer's offlces, 8, Cscsreh-row, UpIper-rIlsi3et, sl2in glun, opposite Tbheberton-st.reet, Islmnaloc, :Ugrer-etreets--Iong Leasehold Estate,mneftythears li Church.h SerftO' NE BRAYB03f will SELL by AUCTION, at the ciu above, To- row, september ,et t2,hinoneFU tNavEl;sblo and lon2 LEASEHOLD £STATE, contsisting of a capital dwelling. house anmt prenstmae, sit.e No. l, Ruf-ordds-rGe. next thesChml-t, Upcez-aroeero IdlDngoon, gmh handsome plte-glare front thop, side entrance to a lerge timnber yard, mahogany front chop, and talent school room in Churah-parar,e, lolty shef,, counting-house, donbic entrance, enclosed by ion gates, held for alougter;u of yeses, Ota msderate ground tent. anldaho:gether presenting aneigble oppcs-tu DiEY for erectin!ga unisnufaciCr, school-rooms, or anY other spaclons bumldings, Slayb vo eview.d. P ticulars had at the Start; of Messrs. Siob axnd Robinson, solcitors ssh-street, si. Johns, Soathwmrkand at the auctlenecr's offi,ms, 8, 45ilurrh-row, Upper-street, Islington, opposite Theberton-otreet. Con-scercialDTavomN 15, PoulD has receitvred inXtor, sDdFittln5e ofO the, abvo vre el-nownD 3!atablmn. cot. by order of the Sherif I of R.11 BRA;Y, Jun., wi' SELL- on tfle Preniiseg, as ,irt above, 'To-morrowv, Aenteluber5, rt; 29, the FiJRNflIJRE: I- cluding cc2e-lse,maihogauny coffee tabes$ dub-room ch3isr, frzede2Q!, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ an thepet an mn ee,Paedzllls!E i2 tonsor fruniture of 14 bed chabers;e the lmtEttln5 a; comprise a metal-leg s counter, wfith eplrie,and beeEr engines, pewzter Da eatuses, Wine itinaitse,1 tombless, decanters. de.; a patent onoling sts,0 : also about 15 downa of superior leisro, May ho viewred, randr:atl2ogucs . 'iad en thbo premises; and of the auctioneer, 16 A., Xing' rord, Bedford-r v. _-, Xo. 69, Hatollton.tdrrsce, SI John's-;woo&--einulne HouSehold Ptr- aire, a roserrood Ilrawing-roo Suite, Piano, n en, Chinra,afete Roman Asehltecture. &c. . ?ijfR Mc9DONAiLD lass received ingfr,'netions tG ALLEELL by AUCTION, on the Piendies, THIS D:i Se,t,mber . at I a'edoc/r preisely, the wenole of tbes genuine li UE11 Us2 ad EfFSOt &1 sEosewod dn;Dgor suite, a 6}-octavo ootls 19c PIanOc fcOt8t54 losres matelclc k affewv engrains, ablo glaw, a te Ieencaasn o orpe n othrbitSI lA-d teAitns adoe, s,kthnrulte lIAR. MARSH's ORD:ER of SALE, at thobMart, -1L. THIS D&Y. at 12 for 1 @cleck. 1. The Absolute Reverolon to Oae-lFudh Part of £1.6)o New Three per Cent. Bank Anuniths. , 2 The Ak3olute Reverson to One-Fifth Part of I,SSi, ts. lGd. l .lw Three per Cent. Bank Annnities. 3. StyShamos in the Accliental Death lizurtrlacoempn . 4. ve Lea'ehold C0ttages ' f Harer's-r %ce. Vatxhall-bri ce-rowl.- 5. nTree Lea-ehuld lHcusms being Xos. 7, 8, aun 1; 1Vuxasall-brldies.,Oi, and sa lImproved reot oS £535 4s 44. Peznf an iply eecared on| housesin the above locality. Patculsr mny he obtainel at the Mt;t 4ind at Mr. Marhs 023rcv% 2. Chorl -tt -rov. Haoslen-honse. biorthleet, Tottefsha, irnlco, Caelseta C r-vel, S3Uta,,urr. Edgewaro-road. Kegrts-park, St. Join'-wood, Ind Hamp.tkadroad. huB. MARSH begs to announce that the greater M Hportion of the FBES OLRUo& LEAjEStOLD PROPisn TIES, -itute in the aoodelseats v-re SOLD at the rectloa on Tie urda. last; the remainder nt ayb tcatea for privatel, and cFa ho purchase oa ter an thla wil say a rniost re ninerative inteet, Er poise, do., - pply to Mr. hsarsh uctioner. On. 2, Charlotte-ro . Mansion-house. Smith-etrwet, Kin'sroad, CheLsea. 1 .- MARSH begs to annotnco that the FREEHTH ROF.D RElDiE S. Roe 33, 3t. 56. SS, and 41, Smithptree,theing'-road,Chee ere sold at the recent auc:io-Nn 3_ and 37 vere net told, and uosy nuovbo TREATED FOR privately,a nd obyer an eligible Opportuityforinvestment or OcespaoUn. Forpar- I lislars, price, 2., Chpply to Mr. Marsh, 2, Charloterow, Mansin. house, TegreRsyhil. Rbenbithen'. M. MARSH bhgs to announce that the FAbMILY .1r3. RESiiDENCE (a-blob w as erected anld tanished regardlesa of ex- pense by the Inte pruprieter, Thea, FPetley, Eoq, S or his ownvu-prcupa-1 tlor,l b vr NOT SOLD at the receant SuOttou ed may noitbeutrcated for hy private contract, FX particulars, price. , ppliy to er. M,arc, auctioneKer. lc.. 2, Chlrhrowr, Sansliou-heuse. Theatre Boyal. Richmond. hIjUR. MARSH begs to announce that the above valn- .IISLableoPIOPE33TY weaNlOT SOLD at t.he recent auctUoc, and mnay now hotreated for privately. For particulars,price, o., apply to Mr. Mrh. 2. Charlotte-row, Meinrien-hou. M R. MARSH begs to appoie the numerous appliM cants that the LEASEHOLD GROUND RENT ot £105 per annum, secured on the Stafford Hotel, Westbourne-grove, and the private Residencs adjoning, have been DISPoSED OF, by Privato ContracL-2. Charlotte-row. August 30, 1SS6 Secure Freehold Investment, iu the city of London. Ti c. FURBER is instructed to SELL by AUC- OX. at the M-art, on Friday. Sept 12. at 12 for 1, the sabsaantiai brick-built DWEIhNG-BOUSE, with double-fronted Shop, vell situate in the beat part of. anu nnumbered 27, Holborn-hill, whic ha s zecenty been thoroughly repaired under the immediate superintendacre of a surrveyor, anud in now let to a highly reeperrable ienant on lease, at the very lo w rent of £203 per annumn. The imnprovernente3 nowz inrapIdrogsaintheimediate localityioust couniderablyWimprovf the value of thisSproperty aybevieed byleave ofUCbtenant, and pasticulars. vith conditions of sale, obtained at the Mlart; of Mfr. Readi, Clerkof Arraigns office, Old Baley; and at the auction oflines, in VWarwick-court, G&ray'-inn. Bronswirk-ecquare.-By order of the Devisee under the Will ofS ?iB C. FURIIEij$wll EXLLebyeAUCIN,a iL t *.he MSart, on Friday. September 12, ft212 for 1, the eacellent LEASEHOLD FAMILY RESIDENCE. cituate and being 28. Greet Coram-street, within a few dooms of Brunll-oquare. containing ample accommoda.ion for a gen teel famlUy, and held for an unespired term of 4t4 years, at a noPah gro!und rent. Immediato possession may be had, thereby offering an eligible opporamityotlher for occupation or investment, The hote maymbe viewed. Prtibular gi and conditions of osle obtained on the prenstesR at the Mare: of plesre ChuPb, Brace,soad C.IuhI h a oltere , A 4. Ston h square, Gray's-inn; of tre5sr3. 1 Tooredyxeeand Smth, aoniditora , Staple-inn; and at the aucion offcess, !n Warwick-court, Gray's-Inn. ln lhyncere.-Lasnkert v. Hteomark.-Compact ReF3deDtDal vItage, of for Investbment, 3n the immediate neighbourhood of Virginia Vwater, t eR. C. FPREEt wieo stbmit to publtc i Oul ,Pe- i TITION, at the Auction Mart, on Friday, Sept. 12, at 12 for l, by order of the Courtof Chandey, undera decree madein the above cause, tbh valuable FRE:EHiOlD coiTATEa comprising 29a 2r. 3ip. of excelleant pasture and arablo land, with the commadious and gentlemtvat residence. knodn rs patto-hil Hfouse, in the ruasl village of pindlesham. ni txte county ot Surrey, at pretnt in the occupation of thue awe. J. vt. Pear. The hoee etands pnon a beautiful laye, belted with ornamental timber, and in apWroachid by a carriae drive, The spboeng,farmbiuldin r,anabour'r cotthe aretin consenier tproxidnity, and the gardens (hhre extensive) are well stoctnedwith frit trees. The lands (partly,poeturo and porrtyacable] are in a high state of cultivation, and repaying the libeoral and hediious outlay of tbe present tenant. The beauty of the iotality is too well knowAn to require any comment, but the easy access to London recently afforded by the openingof the Staine g and okhtg RalswaY bus no hbrougbt this property within two bourn' ride of themusetropolis its a residential estae it posseoestat erery conceivabe advantage, sutrounded as it is with objects of Irterest and attraction in the permanent Camp at AiderNo.et, the Wlsingtot MilitaryCouleseViginoa Waterem n Winb orpasny the Ascot race ground, and the constant meeta of Her A saesty a hmieroaudstghoundsdugthe huntingseason, As an investment, In additon to the above, in close connesion thereeith. maybe mentionedthat the esrte8 offers many reny deofrable sites for baUid ng, both uon the ;als high road and elsewhere, and that the whole estate is surroTuded by excellent roadt, The property may be vieoed by leave of th e ten ants and prticulars, with condtitios of salee, obtined of J Weymonth, REq.. solitor, 13, Cliford n inn; vlessra. Chisholme and Gibson, htnroln s-ind -reldsn W. B. Powyss Eeq., smlicoter. 3S, r e,ecs nuarea - . Condell. Esq., soDlitorf CopthaUL-court. city; at the hart; at the prinipalinns in the localtof theue5tate; andatntho auction of ficesr, in Wardeikhcour zz Grdy'einn. No. 23, Eigh-street, Neibeton but t.-Lease of Premises, suitable fo any retal business, Stock and Fixtures of a Grocer-Absolute Sale. lI[:ESSRs. GREEN and SON wvill SELLa by AUC. lan TION, on the Premises, as above, ThIS DAY. Sept. 4 at 12 for l.the valuale LEASE of thoeo excelleft BmIoSt SS PBmE!eISES, situate and bebdg 23. ci,h.dtreetw Newinston.bdttn, held for 30 years from Mids moster.1835 at the lo rustof v t52 lOe.; alsuo the Stocr, Fix- inreg, and Utensil of a Grocer nd Teatealere comprIso g 400 lb. hon i e teas. tcofees. sugar, spices, 2S0 lb. Vanila chocolate, mustrd, peppers, Brltisa wines, do, mahogany-toh counters. neata of drawrers japamue canisters, engar and coffee mls, eamns, weights, scale3, shemvings, gas fittings, Ac d Therpremisesmaytbovreed Sany dayprevioue toWthense The stock and Inti,re onl the mornring of ral. Catalogues had. oK se premiseS; at the audtieoser s offices, t8, ratton-gardunc and at their sate rooms, Farctrineon-street, city . Buclcingtofeshiret-Byo rWi ofi DLAND. at theAuction Fart,eon Thursdav, September 26, at32 folr, nl eightaor such otherClotsue may be determined upon at the time, of sale, THE hgh-iyimportant and rmost valuable Freehold andWhrf graho ingsfarms, thonedmanoufleae Grange, fit Coach-hose, ans LeeGrange, in therihValeiof Aylebury, coinomosnentat woods, and nine cottages, containing together 1,315 sexes, cmorising nearly the wvhole hamlet oS Shiron Lee, close to QuPineor, aBdyetween the capital market atoth of ASlebury, BioteDoghan uinslow, Bicester, and Leightn Boina The farina are let to highly respectable and reswonsible yearly teneats, and respectively mont about 2t9, 46, 76, 226,110& 233 260 and 1Od acres exceedingly valuable land, almost exLusiveoy Lairy andcgratiasgv. with farm-houses, and suitablenbuidintg The Grange Hill,Gartnof the Manorear,m. at the east- eard side or the estate, forms one of the meet tprominent fetures of the nelghbourbood. erougned h wl Drsernt and oramental Krees, and commandslmostbelt-fHpansrt. ic viewseof thersurroundingacolyuiyl being a spot admirably adapted for tea erection of a mansssn. Teb estimatedfl value of the w hole estate is £2,t663 a year; all freehold, and laodntsz redeemed Tov itethe 3me arpply to the respective tenants. Printed partiscnios, withplans andoconditions of sale ma rbebadof lMr. S th C. M addeock, soliitor, 3, SPring gardens, Westminster; at the Georte Inn, Ayle3bury; Cnbham Arms, Bod Dwerhos: King Airms, Winslow and Sicebter; Star, Otford; at the Auction hrt;and of the auctieneehc. St. Nedts. H funtse County of Xent.-Notice oE Important Auction Sae of 47 Freeho ld and Leasehold Dweng Hionses, a first-rate Family i ng d Commedcul aoteL well-situate Core and Faper stilals Balehouses, Coal StOres, and Wharf; Warehouses, with Bonded Ven3te: Stables with Coach-house, and Left, dco, in the boroug,h of Dover. in the county of Kent. under imstructionsreceiveet from ths Proprietor,By MIr. JA5lE3 B. TESON. at the Shakepeare Hlotel, Dover. e n Thursday, September ltS, at 12 for 1 o'Clockc precisely, reibe ieboldo n desirable Propertym in 3S lote, as L under :-Lot 1 F'our substantsally-hullt FrSeehold hMeosuagee or Ten emeate,wVfith gardens in frent enfigroundin the rear. wFith the appur. tetanres thereis beloncing, situate in the High-treet, in the parish of Burt-land, in the borough of Dover, in the coanty of Kent in the occupation of 3tr. 3NockeCt, hlr. James lNighteogesl, Mir. WVilliam Terry, and Mr. - Hart, Lot 2. Five other subotantially-buiet Freehold Dwellng-houses, vith garden ground and appurtenances belonging theretw, situate in the rear of the last-mentioned, in the parish of Buckland aforesaid, in the occupation of Mhr. A. Blithe. MNrs Beynolds, MWr. John Pay. Mtr. Themeas Blitte, and Mir. John Ni"htengarL. Lot 3. Awell-bslUt Freehold Dwetang-houre, with yard san appurtenances belonging to the same, situate at Shoeotr'shliL,intheparislsof Budck3and,finthe borough ofDover aforesaid, in the occupation of MWr. V. Ladd.LBot 4, A similar Freehold Dwveling. hoene, adjoining lot 3, inl the occupation of Mfr. Thomas Rosseter. 3Lot S. A snimiar Freehold Dwelling-house, adjoining lot 4, in the occu. palion of Mr. H. Foreman. Lot 6. A simier Frechold DweLiing-house, adjoining lot S. in the occupation of Mrts. Chester. Lot7, Very eligible Freehold BusineFssPremisesl, incldidg spacious plumber's and painter's ehopa, with loft, storehouse, wfith silop front, convenient dwelling-house, yard, gsarden, aud suitasble offices to the same belonging. situate Si, Hitgh-treet, in the rparish of Cnarltion in the boroesh of D)over, and now in the occupation of Mfr. Marsh, plumber, painter, ad glazier;* toeEther with modem and substantially-built messuace or tenemnent- vdthg3rden, situate attho rear. inthe occupation of MIr. 1- - - ,ee 55 s~ COmUPas rreenOIo. Ilwelling-hoUsle. With garden and appurtenances to the samne belonging, situatoe 20. Highstreett Charlton aforesaid, adjoining lot7, intbeoccupatioRof MrBailey. Lot 9. All those very desir&ble Freehold Premises, lately used as a per nilL together with the four cottages. storehouse, stasle, and appurtenances belonging thereto, situate Spring-Dslace, in tho parish of Choalton, in DoTer aforesaid. Lot 10. A oonvenient Freehold Dwelling-house. with spaciorus garden and appurtenances thereto belonging, situate No. 18. High-street, Charlton aforesaid in the occupation of Mr. Joseph Chandler. Lot 11. A pleasantly situate Dwelling-house, with garden ground in the rear, situate and being No.l. Victoria-crescent. Chariton. Dover afosesoid, in the occupation of Mr. Dyer. Lot 2. One other Dwelmng. bouse, adjoining lot 11, being No. 2, Victoria-creecent, Cherlton afo.esold, untenanted. _Lot 13. One other Dwelling-house, adjoining lot 12, being No. 3, Victoriancreseent, Charlton aforesaid. notenanted. Lot 14. One other Dweling-houee adjunring lot 13, bein' No. 4. Victoria, crescent aforesaid. -seivg in the occupation of Miss ?ackie. Lot 15. One other Dwelling-house, adjoining lot 14 being ±No. 5, Virtoria-crescent aforesaid, in the occupation of Islr. John James. Lot 16. Or:e other Dwelling-house, adjoining lot l5. being No. 6, Victoria-crescszt aforesaid, in the occupation of Mmrs Vandeput. Lot 17. One other Dweling-house, adjoinmg lot 16, beig lfo. 7, VMctoria-cresoent, Charlton aforesaid. untenanse. Lot 18. One other simlarDivelling-honoe, adjoininglot17. beingNo.8 Victoria-crescent aforesaid, inthebootpaotion of Mrs. Found, Lot 19. One otber similar Dwvelling-house, aejoining lot 18, being No. 9, Victoria-craoent aforesaid, in the occupstion of Mr. R. :Ninham. Lot. 20. One othersimilarDwelling.houss, smtoate andbeing.No.11, inVictor a-reseentaforeeaid intheoccupaticn cf Msr. A. Watsom Lot 21. One otber similar Dwelling-house, acioning lot 20. beingNo. 12. Victoria-crescent aforesaid, untonated. MOt22. One otherplessantly ntuoteDwelling-house_ adjoining Lot 21, being No. 13, VictoriasCresCent aforesaid, in the occupation of m. Btrkett; together with three mes-uages or tenements. workshop, ai d ground. situate in therear of Victoria-cescent aferessid with entranre from High-street, Chr.rltoe aforesaid, occupied by Mr. kichard Beer, Mr. Hayward, andMr. Brooker. Tholastl2lots a.e heldunnder lease fromt hoe Achbishop of Canterbury, ata rent of 14s.per yesr. and land tia of ls, ld. The purchaser or urchaser of each ottho3 2 last-mentioned lota, Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. 6, 7, 8. 9, l1, 12, and 13; Victoriacrescentaforeeaid,srillbeentitledto the use in comsaon oftheornamental garden in front of the said crescent, each owner contributing a 12th-part of the expense of keeping the garden. uith the walls and fences, inrepair Lot 23. A Freehald Mesiuasge or Tenement, situate X o. 3, Lower-row, Mount IPleasint, in the borough of Dover, in Kcut in the occupation of Mr. NlIsinim lewis; tosether with a freehold building used as G bakehouse. vit: loft and remises belongingthereteo in theoceupation of Mr. BI Prebble. Lot 4. AIl that trUly elizble Freehold DweliDg-house, with the appurtenances belonging to the same, situate Biggin-etreet, in Dover aioreaid, together with the spacious garden ground fronting Priory-street, in Dover, in the occupation of Mr ChSttendeD. Lot 2S. Very desirable Freehaold Businezs Premiaes, with dwelSing-house and appurtenances belonging theretn, situate 15, Cannon street. Dover aforesaid, in the ocupation of Mr. T. W.-ight, bDot and shoe manufacturer. lot 26. Modern, compact, and well-builtEreehold Bu siness Premnisea. with shop front and conventent dvvZling-house,withprivate entrance and appurtenanceste the same belconging, stutate20.Cabnon-Etreet Doveraforesa'd, oppositet*bela-mentioDedlot, andnow intheocempation of Mr. B Judge,tailor. Lot 27. All that old-established Freehold Family and O'smercial House, onwrn as tho Shakssoare Hotel,Fituateinthemoetconvenient-part of teat fshionahle torsghrohlBench-street, in Dover aforesaid, in the occupation of Mr. J. Lukey, lotel proprietor and wine and spirit merchant. Lot 28. Eligible Freehold Business Premises, vith commanding shop front, bakehouse,and convenientdwelling-honse, sltuaie in Townwall-street, Dover aforesaid, in the occuPation of MIr. Toveeh Woodcock, pastsycook and confectioner, and his nmdertenanta, lyr. Har, hairdresser; Mr. Tucker. fraiterer; and bMr. Newoombe, poulterer; with entrance to bakehouse in bmiUI-street, Lot 29. Alt that old-established Freehold Flour Mill, with the machinesy, driving dvo alr rf stones. togetber with store-house and two cottages (smail pazt ?easohold), most elixibly situate in Tswnweali-street and Will-treet, Dover aforesaid, in the occupation of the executors of the late3Mr. WV. Mannering, deceased. lot 30. A FRehold Buadinz. used as a stable, vwith the coach-house and loft, situate Adrian-street, in Dover atforesaid, in the tenure of Ir. Charlee Lambo. Lot 3L A onvenient Leasehold Dwelling-house, with sbop front and appurtenances belonging to - the same, sitnate 2io. 25, Snargatestreet, Dover aforesaid, in tho occupation of MIr. Samuel Jacobs, Lot 32. A genteel Lasehold Dwell. ing-house and appurtenances to the same belonging, situate and being d7 Snarguto-street, in Dover aforesaid. in the occupation of Mr. R. F. 31ay. lot 33, All those stcastantially-bilt Ieaehold Premises, uwed aa a coeltore, with freerhar, ;with loft, situate on Commercial Quay, Dover, in the occupation of 6r. W. IL Sdowll. Lot 34, Well sitaote Leasehold Bonines Pem with good shge front, inSnageastreet, and entrance in Strondeiese, inDover,witlithecommodionsdwsselung house and appurtenaneos belongingto the samcl, ltse in the tenure of. M{r. H. Harris. oIe :. A eoaeniest Leaseold ResiMence, situate and beingNo).90,lmekio-treo- DoveraforesSa4 withbackentrance, in the oconpation pf Mr. John Phippa. Lot 36. A spacious and setb.tantially-built Leaoihbold'Warehouse, situte in Strond-street and lawkesbury-street.-Dover aportlon ;eupIed by Yr. J. Birminghnam assabondedvault,mnd the remainingIoetlon ntennated. Lot37. A compact LeaeholdDelig-use, aelpurtenanesdlaereto beisng ng. ntuate No. 39. Strond:steceri Dove aforesaid. fnio occuation of Mr. George ffordL Lot38. A ve.pleaanuy sits*te Lehold jReSdenue, with business ofies situte s bg em the Cewsli, in lioverfswforessd and commanding unnnte -usdy s of tha Virbour sAid bay, in the occupation of Nea E. Hodges anu 6 "O&t.h unaerleas Lots3 3, 33,31.35.367 38, arehelundere usPfa Jes1 gsted by ths on3. Warden anA Asistnt of Dover lfHaq~, for tas of year, at horte annual gs d reitg no wil b f rtcrspouIr .n the p n a3d condition of sl. or f urErr ;hssaIsa4~Pditioesog.ele appl 'oMYr. 3ia8t B. Tesson, vJcioc5y n eItL JgMS$. No.4 Csalhostrsee, Dryer; *i C;0 Geiorge S*iiq. a, a9i;1ork~, Fhur9qiD et,r vondon . " U.""Wir CrA~~~~~~~~~s *Hoanwbold T,rcsitisre 2O. Grealt Geormgh-lret, Weatmlntafr. foornostand the bed. taforst-ptace, Ox.old-.t et.-Ex0elleat Tow. or Vmrfemoumsl Rest dence, with large picture gallery, coach1-house5, and stabling : leaao,- I bold. etually renewable. g1Hfn C and GALSWORTHY will SELL b-y N/AUTO.at the Mfart, on Wedlessday. October 15, st 12 the subGtantia,ll--built RESID?SNCI, No. 20, nsratihrel-plaee, Oxfordstreet; containing a large dining coonisand morning monm, and spacious, Picture gaileay, on the ground tloor : two large lorge drs.- tgrosad ante room on ' the first floor: tro prinrina rred canin andEl two dressing rotane on the seond' floor, and dye1.1 roomUCION abot;onenenBat.donmetodncesda. tOetober with catch-butho guisabtina, ao nerd frommtodieous th rRe-ar.L ThSIeN prsietar th9 eopero annum, -lno o the westen esptnal rieno ewable every -lyna upon paymnti foft efncoed of £r53 IS. ay e 4we and exesr ardexnsbor ftrd-treet abot theo Macre bonde oy the launeer, towhchi pregents ate, DelihtlfrlFoi,taged ThehosiencntaindGusd. l trge (liingrom. bronfas aablingandOCieru and -buAldnsW goRTHYms will ThELL by areCltIto, at theg areset,betnn on leuay coer 1, at wbi theve thasae oner of, a the Gre-oery lowh west eleof 41ewlr nngmoCagen, wihlw font,b vee ernclosebyiron ofstetennt and exrtensire garde atontaingathOfuettwo uree, aonde b0y thle lane- , tod ohich it prnde af Msroom morin oom, en"leganthydrawinronom, tour purinv edos room, secndasrye Wandeexannooss,covninlomsicacee,do;caia 'etaboln,ad nm eru u-ulig,geehue o he r-bid years aeuexi a atthder thretef£1 anm.eCnt Har; f esrs &ro and GASo W ORlcTorY9 weol-ol andL of TVessrs. OLDPA Chinok nd siotuy,aueinotme paridhs o Yadn, anKentr-ennhey.0mley aond YaldstDn,nd-Whimbmediate o2leand auable FreholPd odeloo Ftarm.n of 'baces wiuth capiter alhueand LoutbI.ldinos,andth aodeonngcmpc Farm,oafdFol Hall sarm, wotiing ls onremSpt of er sueror ml, edw ocad and hopSWOT dY withlaSE pL by thouPauddoet-wod sadationdontthe ildnth-EntorutRilwa. LOt1. The adjoining Estate, known as Rhoaden Farm, containing 29a. 2r. lp, of superiorland. withaconvesienthomeslteattthereon. The soil isof the mes= rouctive quality is nearly elU tile-draiced., in tho highest state ocutivatIon, snirroun&ed by, good roads, and is pleasiegly tinbered Poss,ession may'be had immnediately. PertisL-.Es, vith plans, zatny ha obtained of 0. D, Slordaunt Fsq solleitor,lI Warwick-strest, (Golden. qar;tthe inns in the neirjbomrhood: at the Mart: and of Messr,Chinocli and Galswerthy, auctioneer and land alents,28 Re. to gent-street, Waterloo-place. Borongh-road.-Well.ex-cuted~ Groups, Figures, Veses, Fou tat&c. in ArtillCiaL Stone. W SSS. EERSIELDandHORNE are instrotd b te Pepietr o SLLbyAUCTION, on the Pro- solwitort reerv, ad wllbe he astsal ths eise. lay be To Marble Masons, Builders, Soultoeanohrs - 1USSRS. EVERSFIELI)nD HO~ t to ILL announce that thyaeiooce y h oageit ELL by AUCTION, at theoabeWaf o 7 lubn~tet Wet-c- minster. oni Tuesday, Setme 8 t1.avlal aclOf MARBLE. comprising ttay en iiin blacangodbs k and bariadls, in block adsatigolredmnsn,Aproed hills of six mnonths willb ae npyet a evee,adsa logues had at the placo ofsl:edo h utoes,4,Priuentstreet, Westminster, or ColEcage, Long Leasehold Ground Rents, St.?isyeoe MIJESSRS. DEW and KEYSELY, wIll SELL by ILAUCTION. at the Mart, on Wednedsdy, September 10. TWO LEASEHOLD GROUND RENTS, of £1313lI. and £24 Is., well secured upon No. 43, Upper Liason-street, and Not, 47 and 47,1. Hereford-street, Marylebone, held for en uuexpired term, of 83 years, Particulars to be had of Thoa. Ash Essi, solicitor, 4. L-othibury ; at the Mart; and of the auctioneers II, Eishopsgate-without. ESSRS. DEW and KCEYSELL will reEivkl by gat-lteet,On TesdaBow-comeoneso Tnrsy y Sepemter bernd17, lat 12,e ortheEVitr tol rs yore of the Adiitat o t .S adT hr,wond the Preises, seea aia A n therSCN-&t)SOKo HORSZESpoies, gMgs,RvAnS, omgn cars, nd arnss,&c,Catlouesto e dd a th Ne Glbeile-a end-roa; and f the uctioners, 12 Rishosgato.itheut To Priters,Printrs' BokersbSo. prisn b 10GEnsR o BookRand a cytr,fom unthepioncwipal foudre,frmsmo,chses,.WATL andS ttewrpBEss, b lih TrpIc, and coher plate preoes 4Inu, Putneyd. ui presDA, bokbnders'a 5frolling mahivnss stning-presses;i also okn miutCTA Eda oE1f Nan iit hydanlingo ad: Cal-taogues, with prntd spoecimarens of the twpeholbe han complthe sttauctlad eoaiserepsatra-tisithuatnat h .Se-.ob nodgN, wi-apar mo mpressk bupon thle tandethat willth butey solda wathout resrv6th premisea thein let.radreto 5 ayb ivd 8 a,Motcm Co-treta ege Re-sidaen, ute-e. A/H GEneMaoRGE BEdes CnrRYc(o comuc-tes4 Tions withor MsIrTGRATLIN anwSN)wil SELL by AUCTION, ontise Wh itection Inn tney rpitHIS DAY, Tuot.a4, Setembor 16in th evencingl,a =tharaSingRLP eLtuat SSTOCKTKA ooomrEsiDNCE,U itnbloc-%cnWingan woll-tochd frut on dowe gareno:ahedwole n storplte fistn- monjtReaBoAI mil and arhal from the P rte ala tton. ped.riyeto iath the lowcugroundce of t 1. Motaye be viewed AndCTIrtleulan and ondtion ofth Vsateo ThusadyofeJohnbennings,ate.. 23,Si HOSEnS-in, city andp fonta sithae auct Ziones,Pig.Nsy x-d2l, n TlooStonelMpason, Buomieldera.rmrs, Conractor, and nerthecs-t osciF Wolv richAsenal Staton-ac. neado eaeir the NeuGoe-biridgtermloend coyditions of thle anroprietrs.o patiueassdaly, Seteme 18, Et; 1. precisely 1,thieoSRln'S- STOCK:d compri h esin ItOy blocks, cd;onritog qulty, aucindrcthiefl offlarediesos, 7Coerinlrengths upty tod 13 fet, umitl- abefrbalcones lsand-ing dmiseps,andmthe building plurposes. A-o 100R.fe sWn GOUGeHiiladlote NEwto sly b nowClyiNg on the bakMo h Regent' s-canal,ewith Tevery et f.ac IIt for wter or landt carriae, nf yb iwdtre aspirt the sxeln -V n ML Ale, and TC cat m.g had .n th prmies and hofrte cauctioneer,coat risingoffices2, Laen-o hall-steet; borwil beny ftorwred plgerepost onheapplictionas above,' o Elia odwitibe oa esehld. Piumrtrsofead,eKent,odMc dit,1 caJM t th theon ourcurreshnr ofathies ortgagee, tarow Eloubs scarmiedpa,Bofieield- oe, road,sersw andmaoeado Ken, andwnearwth machrespeetbloe tnat cat aendtu mot utting toachiner arnnn, Form tmheractone, rait hisi ofies, 7.ggColemdn-sret, citbsy,r and 11 Indmill-; place, CamborwelL ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~ibuld Abiotuo Sat-tVinmili ares. uahur. Midlesex sfltay.u, rising tree ysB'ear hold,M lakestocolt rfisigtw eaod qarusefurown. pfonymtarhig,gese, and Otio,her ppoulry1two rksdo captoSolwit caiNT and 3 ureSO of ex eellent cld insk~tro, 1 earls, hotwo to ofns, fourtrShing mbyies drCIOolls, harros,lnrh&s, 1sobarineds,ho rsvae hont roadcher, oralsoon) andvaklrollers wannowbing mahnes,ran bloears, chaablfand turnip cuttng machine, fornnu,cbornfo anrushers matltile oprick, wprpo.an wher spclhs barnd andomemoeAing uteesensis ,aliso buidmingrabyapteril,.en The whoea of the warne bisld-rl inshont the said faum.h comprisigs-00 panties, several thusn 7 efeeta andta exlasusiveit of cosefomean timbler.Sa beveeThe daynistb ptrieceing,belat andm dso ofbe rosal,ond aoushda the Coa'Lf b.an 13Mch and borsaoes,Breutfeiargd;SKimngstons,bt Orsomound Richmoderowsv.ne Cheresey Redg Li ben, taplledsonltelprmies and atho theup olteesdof pri.eW t Gosgh.nool tom.Pleasat Villa, ligntblofy, n elenat Putney.Sebed o-Schamiu laatreeholmd otheios,pOficrqumesant rosss ah quaterol aiin mile frjomnstheRailwy Station,amon the pver whchacretwod sWieLis sh ortly domtorfer, for tee SALE by feeCT byN16feet apurchase is tainsed hyclurivael cotbnta, ornga lhe cssee),otin the vaualeanl, tints ffierHOL kitSben, Offier s, wand Gro. lundsy. laely orcupled andoormany yoskeear'sestabishe asd TheGutey oterhoolenorwhchs, orldfort anyxther peUshingopivThe purplyose whtereot spaceg and acmodtbeIon aresentmia-iisamrbydpted. Thega iotolternialreaof thedwholeis litt fheet excuseisverof cornach-house an paaad stal.To tasion istreestores rodhig.3teear fronta feet. hr in deyth, withd lar henball-din ing,tdaw otaghbeakfasnt,Frg and oterromsonte groundm doorundr11 bdchain-Mr othrelaove,rlllsofmlybedmecideonsbattheroom,ndotsae,ar conveenes Thecwesttwingtoa be ten appliued soleyto scolpupssadcm Arise theose i om,p5ofetanyt anlgh,lfyan we ll viua e ntiled, scholPdiniu roomadoins, nhearlyiofth namrge, ovepr whic (artetnwo stories tofllofty dormi tores,a msaesgiroom 205fetnby16 fet,rnde sp,taicsxlsvely~wt two thslin g.ca Thiersln easttwings contains. thlle sorooms,tain hofroughieg~ om and varirous withhosers n convpnincs,de tom pext,,Ensiedaring sthaesuppblyofk worpater, both twringpad terisgsan isunolamel The gs.rlaid on toaihe oL adprinipa roomseandfchambers, Thleabone isvryu commandinginnlde appearnce, and sets ba4ck romllse oadel rly0feot an Thierelis a dryingrouldnd.Icasitn gare wuithru focing-house wandhourecreaition grund o opurtrd ofp . onecre, with Ostensveoove redaplsay he.thetpard VticlrtentieonrfgeaneIlians of prises orbutn onthersenous tof obtain rDee, 'ellfo adpubIcf ora tvmerardanhoosroherpbchdike purposes. Tis loeis ely unvied.Prti-g clearsmayb mobertaiuned atntheondfficeis ofpeesitiongham 10. nDart wilDhwehepoery and ofniWy oth Mheters aden Ihand Sonwa, miresr 16tn. blsetuhamten-buaidngss,PCanery-lane, w4%Ahere asplan may seen. lingTousChainuteatdAsorSml-itsAlkl, ith hefalnled gardcs,uhiaedears.dbe loRgiIgtherato intheRoyaluOaktion, of the trown. OfveFlint,ons Thursdtou, Septme 18a , rat 3ns irnth aftelwoon, patensthoollowingal tor n Flint orge, omprisng (asthe ow stan) tw hih-prssue stam ngins, f 25and10 hrsepowmersr epeeivey. ith wo ylidricl biies an fitins atachd, s.mmerhalv, bSs o roghig an bacols wih hlstrs adtcuplngdcm plete,shears otraientag lock,doer pates, c,: tw puddrng tn one carcoa furnces, blowng clinde, wit recever. ipei, Snd Carnarvon3hire.-Gorphwes,a Manclon andFl-tte. 1 rR. .OR3IISTON has much pleasure in announcing W b is having been favoured with instructions to SELL by publis AUCTION. (unless previousy nold by Private Treaty, of which d,o no0tico will be given,) at the Penrhyn Armes Hotel, tuongor, on V1mmday, S-eptambar 23, at 2 in the afternoon, iL such lot or-its and issiject to such conditions Es may be decided upon, the GORPaVWYSFA MUTSIN anl ESATE.formerly the seat of the Earl of :uvn,n This desirable property Is situate onthe Carnarvorshlire side of the Meenai Straib, in the heart of the most attractive Past of North Wal a fnd im ledisety contiuaous to the 31%eni Suspension andIrbolor bridges, of which. ith t e intermediate Britannia-park tbaSdout by Sir Joseph Paxton), it commands perfect-i-sews The opposito cntos of An -esey, naturallv pictumsicue, is rendered the moer so by nusaeron gentlemen's seats studding ie banks. while the passage of vessels through thestraltsgiveslife and anlmwtiontothe sene allconibiniug to render this PrOPry the most charming and derioble stot for ssrin residcnce. The intendedstation at the junction of tho (tarnarvon vith the Chester and Holyiread line vill be within fire minutes walk. and, tvoether with the steamers plyinz between Mensai-bredge and lverpoo,will asford easy ard convenient means of access, Toe mansion, whicb is in excellent cosdition, contains lotiy and c3modious entertarning rooms, with numerous bed and dreetiug rooms, billard roomas, do. ; wet.Lstocked waited gardenjs, coacl-honeesa, amspi4 stabling, and all the other requixteo accmmodationk for a noUissan'. | or gentIlemsaua fataily. Teo 14,operty is pack-like in appearance_ and well woodel. The houe Ls approached by carriage drives from-handsome lodges on the xrmat Haihesd and IBangor yoads, -hndwilbesold with allitappurtenances,sa-l upwards of 30acaof ckbssAntare land. The propertywillb leoff m thefertin n as aso andi f otsold Wl immediatelybe *sbnp anthrXe loof aboot 10-acres each, or.divided into ct?,afor ela~ and tecrane veldense,set shown onthe plnsattacebd tohargisor of ic, For fucthert~ls mat;on. carastoview,.ontotrestfor ptia purcbui e,.p ~WIRoO,i5I~~l at th offle. 01 e s, h No. 2X nxdR4IIuDawts ersof CaWeatow-plaee.-A, ,rery denbla -be Loseebidearee with larg G.~,ed Cosc,hse~-d tabe, itbpoasmion, re aaall Hoose, hin ,J4a8*h'A or Umof 88 yws., PAat alw grun drem% t,i W. b0oFaq~ demoed. PHLLIPI~~ begs to asm~nonne that heis inby tateIghExecutorsto SELLby AIT0T10, eon the Pr.- rle,TIII Da, Seplcrober 4. at Ip-eciiecly. thbe oerigia L-EASE ofteabove exe-elieat FAMILY RESIDE-NCE, held dirtet from Abe freeholder for an unexpired term of SS seae%st the lI grun rnt of £15. with La4e garden, ooach-house, an" al eAttached -AndasAII compacthon-se, mn Chsepitow~e let On lease tD a. hlighl respectable tenant; at;X30 per annumLg. mesidence, whch bas been fitied up re, gardlese Of ones, both in A substantial and ornamental point of vlew, centainsacapitalentrance-ball, esoing to a wsll-vroportieoeddining room with acooserratory, drawing room. libraryfittoelwith~expensive mnarbRe chimney-pisers water-oleset ana grapery, a.t the end- of thei rasae leading to the gardenk. On the first floor arethm reeinclPal bedrooms,. drettgroom, water-closet, and housemuid's closet,witht water laid .n ladn, otoe and ironstaircases, On the eondboor are fdye other bed mania. :On tao basemient, 'housekseeper's room, pantry, kitchen, aeuallers larder. wino and beer oellar,, knife-house, water.clooBt, and every caomnasotionvenlenee Particular may aew he bdtthsolEeaeo Messrs.Coverdale, Lee,_and Purvis, 4, IS!O.d- row; and also, with cards to v~iew the residence, at :ktr. rhillps Goffcr 73. New Bond-street. 'No. 3, Pembridge Villas. Bayrwater.-The modern Furoitu!re, Glmases, Carpets,Orramaental China. Boo'e.,Plate, Plated Wars, LlneoWnX`m* aknd Effects. the reperty of W. Wybrow, Esq., deoeaaed, ThR. -PHILLIPiS begs to announce 'that he is Minsftructed by the Executors 44 SELL by' AUCTION, on the Pre.; miss., TIlS DAY. -Sent 4, i,d folowlndaY. at I precisely each day, the exoellent IIOUSEsIOLD 7UItNIURE; oDmprisinge a draw. lag suite In white and gold, oovered in silk taberet. carved Indian and inlaid tablee, ormental cuelkr, bronzes, Chelia,s Dresden, and other Poclant an Mainingeroos uiteI manoany,por ildnanextending set woode bookasel,.Te sqapse,ae,i mahry-ogMany,oftse Prjintpa an tlteheeelenyte ware,wine, lien, 4 and the fariounlrequsits a o tote sale; an ratalgushd efor, , offwBomadstee prTthe llennsets;h.and 6-atd3& j'z Plntan Machnd yL-AboflNG PAINT pncmptdiy Sexe,el &*rs enin,ilr,Tabsteam. Pinstbstree ai egerLme faoiurts stelant1 and others.ar tkers. SSET.ER BRLEY and SELL wi ASELL by on AUtheNPremises,TSday, Sept.me 11. at 12fr1, atunhes anac- oreptbr offMr.Bramodte byoprieateonrac, rthelu fombsisatnd valthabl abRINDIAG and BGOACWIG Pwith possion)odtiong eclment S-home engie,blilhiert, steambcloset,aeppst threaiede runnes, fu ate maillsgF, cedfo 7ylinderts,lo reack,ppn. sevetralei hunred foeetdabl flooraing, gas-ftns one ton0 of loose ilac le nd, atnduarius efets 25. Poultry. ~ ~ ~ d.Lmbtb adTt U3TESSS, ROEYS andl SELL byl SELL on WednAeCTION onlthubrsdy Setebe1. at 12, att theraart,.(by re tb ordeckrsofMr. lran,the Mr- prietor. retiringdfromnbnineeu lthe vaitn-l IPREOVIEDweGR)Own asth RENeToS Tve arsnouofnds1 Win and, Sprt Faoabls-traoen, deinFrdbl state opolie the SaEcnd;Ns, at Ramnda2. Chpeld-fraca7Lyeapolrs, ata llow enal. Th l2tedem erytconsiereaxIe averaGosinthupwar s o £100ahmonth iGothemseasron, Huaakne.ly-o.sd arofit2 whouch cdouldnbe consideral 7increased by Sanyi ent-aerisn Hiacey rof asieeab iwd, Partiu1ar houdezon the premi1 noses; nGrat Cabi-treet and Chilv, solzIcitorus, twic-tet,hin'slae;place; NofsLe; and o2 Sthe TTimb§erdMersdan etebrl dtInaGaravye, yrer= M Executors of the late r.An Tokes decstoe. in. ninec lets, vauabl ton's-errce byinUCTIOd, opposit the Premies enow'Ns,3ld. aend 32. peylo-Tacy, Lierpool-eroad, Hollowaye- and12g tdaeys,m ath l2eahay the Goldsmitn anna Babtli-hns sw,9 Svldsmutb-roew, Hackney-road, and12monseys adoiningeday Sepome,r6,6. and 12 foar igwht-pr akney. su prioradend t3horughsesinotedrar 10TOuse in GreatF cambridgestreeO fn eet Saihoad- odus'aogn in plnwIkstet acney-roand;bo.1axd 2, Sbt. 18ary- le-ank d-als,aneOd batent-rad nea thePrinmach Clboirg, 3,OC fee waindco7, New-ut.I Hondbeh;and No. 22o, anr altn-urt vneast, Tot tonhuam-ot-oards, wineethbMessrs Boake'scmarble-gorks indthe.rea. loay obe tme.&.Myeviewedtbev f h ea t,ePartimlayrndtonh hd ayt ar ceeticg Easnd mria-eham fsale.ICadtlalog-s oteeained on the auremises, TohTimerstMterchantsf. Buil uwader, Lun-csahaeoprs,Svpuided r, Co Tooes,CBindetmkes Cognbailder,Pothers mer, n M SPEAS E iULE avouce atisre uction ctfro 'to SELL b bAyIN AupTon ThBPeISesA, Snows-felds. Bermond2.a No.y on Tuesayf, Septemberod 9, and thre folot wintbay,ut resah daGEE I erm oerndley,ouTngy SepTembREr16.0 a ets1 forne sswecl-tnhw so., pezor nd horoghy-sssoe TOC inTRAe,-comrisin 25.000Wn 13.66 plaks, m5,and attes, foorig botds,mgsathlnd tng, ls,51 Honduras bards, orriersdtbes, oak Seaptemeing t 2 and wdes,about 20i detadhed balkSImbEr,NCE. ofSlay eikewe theaSactor dtaye and Mondayro-d artheowinsons awerillst; aond at o. heald' forfaces,4, Tooleyica-eSo chasmers to th amVal of£0aduwrslLnho rsded.c~ Th aor Bules,Cnld.r,ed tes GOSS S wULRadH B ithar instructiod £VL t SELL by CaTOl TI A,Setembvern4 t1, Rat. moe8rWaf,WionradtUines,TEinSlots, wathout renerhe,afGer. noon ponweprful ioun ATHPE,2 srvaecotsrarns ofotis, due, spting wan bagon g ie weho cardts,12one-ose wilarhe,naud thrueprtoducw)aterycrs twosopringre, stalefiTtingsAND utnsls,-u :.chaff mitachn,temteAnbioen-proad, e warf crae, ontced-toaselTavcrne, ctruahngmillwinth runnrs, efTara erend boad andte plank,dingly,ran arius thefrefcts, to bhe Alieoed on welldnpesdayoreuiousgothe that whenieataleands imaybig egbadtheowarf and ha f Meeadanta, FullcrandHorsey.flirotd. Forfmthecity. FIH L ES T AWKflS wwll SELL by AUCT10%,a is~ i Gat te.brton Weneda. September2uare atI EVENIa desirabesemideptached RESIDECE BOfKS villa-lik charactig, sitatel and Bethie-rfad.; jeweclthe Sweni,sppavemS bohn's-wod, shoeshoeold forauem,fwitrls SO. ysarwarunexpirged, hatamoeattegroom rnt ndo heetiae Metl alteso 6 er annum TheMe htome Fasu r of anpesa etiC. Neleaio,teom lOOft andiommoiouLy, arrngd t e dit inuetery wa dpedt hrqarmnef a smallfCnall of reAT EadATIIILspeTabiity MTAyTbeARewe ifroumg toever'l ork, sand prtarlesha of exqusit the remses;andat he eetlnee's ofic,nd otGrefeatKngt& de Mtret Doctous'ommhnt bP sOree inst beect avotondit hestrutien mirsest, hrfTHIS DA,m pebre,an oloeoknh after,i noon (uenless previhoulyaipie fb riaecnr o whish adu mnuotirs willb gies th d r under stainob conditionost aswce shnn towere producedhi, a coverydeirabl piece of PAtURe plAe ,fahu tha desirabletadipoignihol-od n a the adatg cop daiin ino,o thescorgmon fise-catei thfarin ra.FrfrhrlaTCrtirse and taogtratfres misse by priateay dntact apylb tr freecyoffpostage) toMn. eo6rgeet Suttraon,soliitr, aibuy. IchrdItEaSS ju.,1 K Essex-stree,Standuc rtionteer orausctiner Broaduay.tsammeoremth eheryesaanmaytbe oad 10sidays proprto the thle,r partitAInr 'whithtplans pndceondiiso WeDedIS, pebr1,a ther oom~ 1. haLesestre-qset, TUdesxHIS VEiNG MThsrsday),L Setebe Co, aco.nBOiSdprntlsbtths, pmodesof c~arve andth mo-tfadrfms mewener. wearing thapparel,yboos and heis, hag onsein.nensi uiura, tde Osd vio nd-scratalHoguseshald atdtherooms.ia. hePcalao Maltese and Ariic5 Stozne,a& Psnlgs,rns Ale. by AUCTION. il SLL at t heait Auction Ros 1 l m-tet TILESreY.Sep 1t.Gr.aceeure-trescptalTomon-w.tem HOSEH OLDs.a SATURY OFVC UincTdRgsevea fou rwnta disig and teb fexduisit beauty,nsttures, sxoteatuets piccolo ama, dofot: alof aul compsslol o paintigsb roett. Wilson,im Mablan booca.srins, afnd te e fes ects,d May be viewued las da n mornie.ng ctaofgmis, aate nsn nuetioneW offm-, Ho tellyd. Leivepolea. m 2t. JAMEBS eet ES De toepObects alcl annmeounce E tbt Mt EShS RSceivedNHtrAton to1 SE,LL by AUCTION,ontePmises hraftber mentione, on Txfoyday.16th Seprteme Pntexon.a 6Ti motheoesn, athefwhle of cthe PROeeoeleRtY,Godwill, ITIrece,An ofmwrich69 Arablare funexpired, ThdeoDdr bedtelais aitdsheigin on tow, nd itinacovenen ciines f he ie-hastads, dres,and Ch itenb ed up with JMS 3c1iuns2 comril, stting auend bewl dultnghanmexensv busiessz, Sheptoembe,ayb2efr 3epeetaenydpraiuule trovthenld upon eplctio on prvthe prmisck s, and frtloe pardticulastf maybe adhro faIr.rJames ed, a i fie,1.Pr-tetLv pool,and G EaCrosby, 3ashil Cetehm t'teeihenefCbrl.te sAolEfter STOCK, naindngetrtaseuforW dug;on wich ays he wole f th li eandtdeadn'strook, idne crops, Br, of this larg and first-close farm ilbeostvlsldy aucion wihou reerv. a th hoestad,I'ni prtiuaswloed ertsedand ataogus isuedat a esly partnAuto en stt cotach-h tones,salug,and looe t esorsixOq or seveahorase and ac HKots,-Woodlands House, near Emasworth.-Ths whole of the oDatly Furniture and contents in the abore Manson.-Handtoma double B3rougham (by Peims,6 London). Mail rhaeton, Irish~ Cr (by Hutton, Dubhin). Luggage, Cart, Chestnut Gelding. GrayMr sd PoAl,ia Sets of Hrness, a magnifieenloallectico of OhPrainrtings by olaasa. ters-"Apollo, annoimded by the fear quartea ofth ord receis-. ing tribute," by Brueghel, Sft. l0in. by MfL5in.; "DutAb Burgo-mpre. ter-,' fey Van 8try (a magnificent picture, 3ft Bin. byWL.; "The Fruit' Woman of Cremona 5; a joint work. by Titian. and 'Vinsest (ba- p s, inlee prsrain 'it i,by 4ft, Sin; `'Mad&)ens,sby Gui1e,a fine patre, 3ft.wide, 3 ft,- in.b high abeuilatpicste,.I "View on the Tyne,i2fL. Sin.,ride, I 1t, l6 !bgh;I ",W. niro of fain beata and ShSf1a. by7f i. Aol andtr otbis, Sft. bvy DX1 Sin, ; a splendid ScagliolalTabis top 4ft. IoIu. by 25 n and a"ctollelnof chooce Poultry. MIESSILS-IMWIGHT and' SONS hiave received n 211tsructIoneIcSEtLL bAUCTION, ontePrnas nidSg spUs.'"WIU R&;-q=p,-ising in theidrawaIng zooms handsomely Ma"*d cos-enrad chairs. sofas. o ebs cairs aeoeaw in- rich satin d_aeajk, aror curtlo e suite, with handsome gilt sotuioms brilliat ebmey, pier BLzasses of lare dimensions, with whle top console laba., raswnod lase, 505 card, and other tabla. btilULat cut-glas dhess&olers haurlsMLs tarpets; the furrgitea,eat V,ediningmmeailr X.3h EdfSRrd-FEWS and ' WM SSRS. PLEWS and WALwUSELbA retimbe of at 1, e i daing-rouom mtte nwan ttb nodsvu, ,eawen id.rO.Z, w-t oe inldinn als arbr tti: of tecson um~.lnn -kltrt S&n an f ullvyuee.l and Deade ieedOh Iday ianon the owp&io, n, of eigm a eMre.,eJ.e TDor.km and OIhI-AIt.%ed4MhtIm. hp uh,Wi,a~ IM SsRS. PLEW.SantdWALwlSLLe AR Ith bEr. JAD-wit OtdwWmba ofthernswlbigaeluddthe w meofate, Hd e14yvr Tu0hr da,Sptemnber. 186. tzae ofhoiedo thent a evee.adeto cfIPleY and PoWallha34 Poultr. izdCat,a-o tbedetadt estofk Laend ladPral I=', bey,dAeetu bpenu,onhsmnsaeacieton are, catfwi~s lOtf I the actoneopati oultrof Mcamue sas bun~ieu BaleHors, andicoha 4 ed CowStor. theoctlut., at masep LFrateo . gr0 Hendto poulry 12Sama o ay lq SR PLEWS and WALL. are coniuntioo by JTaemoKSON i LLLyA by AUC.TiON'lu,G by diiTculo wugeon,eahithe,bIoveSoentshy. k~ Theinterestislitj arm,ton'a dayr Sentember anu6;I Dheiolem of theLr atok qun rmall btau ofar-.,, peury Abbrey won delred.~ The thex bonus gons, cnes hay,V in. ]on RouyadPtteTer'a-eU F fre at lotwne bbe Senttiedtboer 18 9.he dead atoc nd whoe termiefnfi, yenWad1smrthiod an proe- offiv ofr the amoetionerd4 Bontherad cto. tbdlbofusareainttheClrcalte SeI7icaL ant. Gentrail Lzi, A-edpucau 1tsm&bety hichforthe lAst;o_eepar wrate.yilded Inderrla h, r.itbe oEf1per cent.eress andn = RvrinayItm.- - AESSBS. PLEWS and WALL are orceab hk * LLb thzueTrsiee,of r WELLby AtoION BEL bhe iAUCTIO, on Iiday Septembe r ida,Set, atlZo 12ck fteour o, it tree TIota UFLSH&Iand2E Th£leachZ inthRESbu Socitety 1&nk-uDt,aed3 , in F =of o peROUeNt pEr NnTS s ld)ENTALS 111 aeie omi otherna bonee old pertyhar wdastei dClarbedrrel anedtoihiam becomtielpyal in277 oen6er 1856 7. pwandh urche Iof 3 earl leetrwioy enterjst ofthei,e bearm te aumoemtpaidcon thnee shareinevow thet yeorly lnte1ee.an1 ahe bonu,ast the :*kraeo17erent.hwic r hefer acnuun Pithedre s'ice deismpie3clr n miin fmemay'belbed at the Mart;o eiaIwne,le,anBfs. 1IESSRS. PL'EWS andl WALL: i tonjurectiob w'the- M. Asgne jA Of wMrB WiLsL tbSLLb AUCTION , i h 1~mle thn Sar.enptemdb ept 19, atnd for 1, in d the tote :-LeDtiolud 2.. TheeLof Mr SamEuelT ofteRn-a,ae 1 ndF£EEHlu& well-UN)deST n dining deried frnahotherfrelsodgree.- meroy itaeio Cmerel a nd nam ghrei pecrootiely£1 suilT.3 bankrupt aedublecte tocnaneces s4m etal,hofpte15, 3doub, andEinglthe ackrnentl hcmM,racaeteerm deurayrpiepatclr and codtM,ofni ayvhda teMr Cu annok,Wre,up frdhr.Ee~mdr Furn&igtr, Oaluabnep- and CnoeGlse,Pinfre l, Coallar sandlad Pandur oand. plmaregrs,coiceL hWineos. late PlatdAtils,Tblen and Buedroinen Cariaandeter Hrnes,dvaluabl areeno alost hof usld B glasazd, nume grousnEfrects. Ui rna otemr o ia M SR.PLEWS and WALL, in conjuxnction withz OfRSONSmue will tohELL by AUCTION, o the whoemiseths, on futue avertvinnd wobeowtng date 1na v dno terestieneuhu -erFFwM S: cnompusng an- eolegnantdrCawin m roomeaed oewo, moroitrco.,n handomeTw Chamberreundtr,tre infrts(l eite.t hinufacmure410, chir~mneeandcoSole,lre,daeir n! proo priaqunts,iptey o e.f 0 ounce, E Iof lt nrIer,ad ue M R. npYOUa'icos 0G doszbenofachoicedPrt Clrt, ishery,t onst- toat-,Ta doblesAled ON bohain twe Mhaet oniW. eaysahp, doutbler and ringlehaess oER ranetres cpines Pdand acollecionCof Eatoe and.. gren-brn pl. 3ant29,an Fulnuiaerosote effects.d1ey-3bae, Wariewerd.t Sadturday an Tonda pertyseedingtheals, ndtermtlogesadoItis Anmirebiyitee:ofteosrandth cotrmofs Swrdr mand sloogzd ezmblr e.sltet andof Moo. Jarticsasouueioeer oertaioed and ise um lecason, of Meura. Lieadrane le,Jh-n and Ilster, solicitors 1uk4,tldriety-ehamrenrs; rand. tera.i lowsth aucindeWail New Pohulty and!t ClpAin-rad, ad on altgs Thmros Dy4 td Enleares ofAdebIpta Phastre.-Loand, Orcirsan Gurdns, twro Hobeltarnetorswllbul andanotnhem t tihee regons Rot-ouses 4Piee, Stad andS saDIgY (Tud. nuerou.4 villa9 rnotecruelnees,uand0ottofagrplt 'orzhoD1der laud8'FO,0 grundrote,al in-o nearsto lthedmarticettowan ofoWre. woolp3t i14 byRS PLEWSon and Wne ALLr,ro enraicnga,lmeoraiong it ValualeMreehCKold have Tihresled Estruteions thee Isle of ssignees ofMr. SRaNuel PIdaIs.toSL by YeUCHteON, thde wonlTe ofythe noo A Ltoeeceigyvaluable PROEt oedtie atclrseholldb givaen it futur advertiemnearth, whenvthe adInratsiandgIn tofn the raespcti w aterwimiplace ouuryed,-in Pltry,~ and C-ilatphaeproad, o B-ts trurthntturhe,arer. Two. Compoud Ashe aos.copet,aindiugeelacoles7 ai-L and lilatRos 4pt0r OFarm,-ctree.ne arobo-equOs re, ThIS DAY apise amqantiy of egenn ites ErFiCTSn, from partivuate orteienrect,o lIandRt mvesi theJN islabaa bond favroued wtohesoc instruct6ionp bek tounSell boty AtION attnino the lartgeonWdoe-tay SeptemberTh0.pinlet.pTaE lo sv ery capritpriacteadvlal tEarmICE. stuatendjg lagnd.inluin theawel,l-knowdolacsaned Ashey. wich comimwud aoinglote fnes Thisep inshe ltd foEganrae nd aforda ai s ad-- porrmbty stuae andthe lemntr-ek ofan mnedsectmend o desirtabler neighfiedro ohnpaton. anotbMterl ohtsTrsiaDuze-stmOareet, Gro oonua.qae aceand ofetheantiFelertedwChtch-otretet west,a Edwen-are-roae On aleyo this Iiny-41 Shrateriteiland. ertofAde sphi cha;tlis,to=.. tlesurniblu, Hoel ropretos,andoters. apoftbl iLL he Sle ooms 40, Stand.THI DKY(Thrnllthent 4.gi insByrWmlson andonoher. ro Lsenrvgs largeoraigas dinngroom erptan Heart-rgseegaxntino Tcuertisat fitigslpirofnol cHoumtne Mlse,eseados, bding chamber wae,federon Hue-rns,th usa Monittns, anWoodlaneu~ efecs yO vebtle1 viewedaySl ant 1 procleac. Cataoud ed, R.. RED. Cs dacdo every bescripiooeirs-cad ionserctorLs tfr.. setedb 12Eon the fyAUTterOal,onaed.th ofSpm Vaunlesspreehoulydisaned Tte-re lvatats contrat he I usleeo LEMt-l ToePpimerh angefrs I thilers,fternomon, indiSotbe, -. ics LLpethognse o exoedwinglhoauableere mdreauehold Estabite] wort Pit Sharer Es, clledAshy Tem, fontinn dabout 700- EfxilatensideSaeufneery smperinsome of mtheau Miest endrnmovetdituee lrandan serta view,reth islnd, Iandwot,campri~singob aol asemlage,wof Th~pnpllta eycepc n aluable fItm.contanin lan,Sncudngth JOwellIm down caNlldAshy whichlcoELmnb prMi AUyION,ayatlea seekin gran invetmeant for Lcaeite,r-sareen. forIccuatiN. The othtxermos ayinsie, fOm EIIOLacresIdownto on acupreanioravebe coeprectedrwinhgra crewmitha vRies-t: meroet h reodoreniredo ginstime ormsk buildrdeious and erecing hoDmuases,eimSpanyifshe vlloanycharact, wingte;4 wsandrof th sieboardlcaepitals eek. binga sfe invementforthis bClmoney, andowetth soetm Broftale>-, andicresing etur forit, nd wich,it cnnothodubtedn, will h SSil etnin.twnoSis. PellpartanduBaNN wndlrendition ob ads wih lthoraphic&planRedmayb aobtaned-todayTHsD&rev Soeso day ofealel t any f the rinrlotinus le'wp to anreyde, in tho Isl o Wgh; ro M. . . uner slito, Bshs Walthamou. Hans orheautioee, a bn ffies inNepoth and Veetnor. M S EOS. KENINEDY ' next B SALE will tecelvi0 pldCacmea ns oomTHS.Do.2,Al Bonde-treet.I2fTHIS DAY., SeT.O 4,ell pebu ey an willEC , itruat ndspeimns by the nodermHen-. xationedatists:- Cme-ra:hlaneprtlaesf &emofw yArz ,agmfied rntoell J1L ac;3 onresieRusleltlft t Coizlkett Hils,=5tPeughtl t unMadoe Wn11midl~iam,rvi CooltdTerona Huznta Mrsdoreoris WoedrTruulrc andoowiensof nighte p Robertx Whittleebs o M. ancioeer. amdn-ownEShsrcie isrcin NO. ED. St. laura9 rhrhr,- maLl and valuable Collctimon 0 MP- BARNSwMl submit to ,public COMP2ETI- iM TIOld,Tomor~row (E!Iday).T Septemer .5 at I pruclsely a ASSEMBLAGE of high, clasn piCT RE of the varous suuol. Among tbembemnentioneda chbs nwork tyAnd..evs: the Shtjeitym, Ruben,; a6n ExterIor,I. 3 Tooere; a fine apecitnen, PMau Pottarg HlAwking'Party, Wouvermans; And Other by man after- Ostade Van Dick Etty Van2 Slay * Orsyp Iktur!ilo Egg Greura - - Beighemn P. Veroose Shaver !. Neets. don lview. CataLlognes an abose N.P. =oe Advanced on0 every' deseriPtiOu OfPrOPertY rTfortpeastd,em I;,, C,ty.-Sele T0-rnrrow.-Under an Execntiret-Two Houses of elesut. modern Furtnitre, China and Glass. Proof ]ogmsvierw.Ofl Faintans_ aL fin-loned Cottag Pinasfeete. n audaexnaereWn Rieta well anapuara to fAtuilie f,miabiing. P-rR ZZOD- begs to announoe -he has reoekeet MT tinsk-actons to SELL by AUCTION, at ibes Walnroma,ne, (lUen-8Wtrse, wodoosmfrde New Cesnere.dt'. To-mroerw, Sgs teisbesS ati% the CONTETS f TWO 1tMIDENOES. taken uswdugAn execution. andoompnyielsian elegatr-alnatv~ eage auediuylnwft tab!"e and cbeffoniss, andsomely carve, an siqset in3ldaidfofie, nieb valevet pile arpft, larg gjige, a brtliAut-4enedlpiwan,brcodPrint,, andotherhitms.: be dnn omae td untr ial~ backaidtioa,e diner amom, eteeo~edinng able. SCe.; :fur theL danapkberie, ad biduse deaatlned arnrbed, aboag, ha waeha~1Aaie hus -aueta eheal * dreing aiim. am.; lten,e, aye tiwd hemraiam0 h (eig'.inbadofthean~ne,faA n te minkee
