DEATHS. On the 27th nIt., at Copenhagen Elizabeth, the lamented wife of George Charles Oweu Esq. of that city and daughter of J. R. Crowe, E q.. Her Majesty's Consu-General at Christinnie. On the 5th inst., at Milan, Thomas Bourke, LEeq., aged 35. On Wednesday, the 7th ist., at Brussels, Arthur Vaughan Domnithorne, the eldest and beloved sonx of Christopher Arthur Harris, Roq., of Eayne, in the county of Devon. On the 7th inst.. at Kensington. at an advanced age and after a protractedgUlnesa Mrs. Sarah Sorer Vorth, widow of the late Captain J. A. WoDrth, Ps., C.B. On the 5th inst.. at Dover, Henry, youngest son of the late A. Earm3o, FEq., of Croydon, aged 49. On the 9th inst., at his residence. ElmSeld Hlouse, Doncaster, in the 50th year of his age, George Jarratt Jarmatt, Le,.. Justice of the Peace for the West Riding of Yorkshire. On the 9th inst., at Victoria-crescent, Jersey, of consumption, deeply and deservedly lamented, Ree3 Thomas Davies. Esnq, second son of the lati Morgan Thomas Davie, Esq., of Swansea, Glamorganshire, aged 32. On the 10th inst., at Brighton. Jane Mary, the youngest child of the late Charles Macweeon, of the Bengal Civil Service, aged 11 years. On the 10th inst., accidentally drowned, Alfred, third son of the late G. W. Bartley, LEq., aged 1S. On the 10th inst., of apoplexy, David Morris, Esq., of Colchester, surgeon, aged 55. On the 10th inst., Miss Frances Cnomel, of Lichfleld-street, Tamworth. On the 11th ihst., at the house of his son-in-law, Aughton, near Ornskirk, John Howell, Esq., late of 32, Bucklerdbury, London, aged 65. On Sunday, the 11th inst., at an advancedage, Sarah, wife of Thomas Chalk, Lee,., of Duk-e-street, Chelinsfurd. On the Uth inst., at his residence, Peachfield, Great3Malven aftr a lngering iUness. Robert ielson Tennent, Esq., late of Rio do Janero, deeply lameutedbyhis family aud friends. On the U1th inst., in the 7Itsi year of his age, at his residence, 16, lower FLtrwilliam-street, Dublin, Sir Edward Tirney, Barce, of Churchtown and Kauituri, county of Cork, for many years Crown Solicitor for theNorth-West Circuit of Ireland. OnL Sunday, the llthL inst., at. the residence of her son, 4, Cheapoide, Mrs. Margaret Harding. reict of the late William Harding. after a long and painful iness, in the 71st year of her age. - On the 12th inst., at Curnforth-lodge, Haammersmith, aged 47, Ma?r raret, wife of James B. Scott and daughter of the late Richard Scougall, of Leith. On the 12th inst., the infant son of MIr. James Ford, of Winterslowlodge, Varsal-oad, Briston, aged four days. On the 12th inst., at Cheam, Surrey, in her 33d year, Susanna, widow of WiWam Gnrin.i On the 12th ins., after long continued illness, Mrs. Raincoc,of Great Woodcote, Beddington, Surrey. On the 12th inst., at Ventuor Isle of Wight. John Butler Feolwes, of Bristol, solditor, aged 31. On the 12th inst Hugh Gilmore, eldest -on of MIr. Hguh Croft, Lower Clapton, aged 27. On the 12th inst., Charles Patten, aged 57, for 31 years the faithful Eervant of 31r. Norton, of 25. Soho-square. On the 12th inst.. at Paris, in the 12th year of his age, Thomas, eldest child of HEson Morris, Esq., of Peckharn-rye, Surrey. On the 12th inst., Mrs. Mauriott Watkins. reti:t of the late Mr. Benjamin'Watkins, of Iso. 11, Alfred-place, Bedford-square. On Whit-M1onday, at the Vicarage. Dorking, aged 64, Sarah, relict of James Joyce, A.M,, formerly vicar of that parish. On the 12th inst., after many years' suffering, Eilka, the beloved wife of Mr. Julius Arensberg, of Manchester, in her 38th ye-ar. On the 12th inst., in the 70th year of his age, MNfr. Joseph Middleton, upwards of 44 years bookkeeper and clerk at Caron AVrehouse, 1S, lpperThamses-street. On the 12th inst., at her residence, 58, 'Walcot-place, Lambeth, universally beloved and lamented, and in perfect peace. Ann Bainbridge, widow of the late John Bainbridge, R1aq., in her 81th year. Onthel3thinst., MIr. ThomasDean, aged74, of Brixton-hill, Surey and Ludgate-hill, city. On the 11th hast., at his residence, Norfolk-road, St. John's-wood, London, Robert Aild, oeq., in his 86th year. On the 13th inst., at Sunbury, Middlesex, Mir. David Canr, aged 53. On the 13th into , at 19 Hereford-square, Old Brompton, Catherine Jane, the dearly beloveu wife of Capt. H. Wilson, aged 24. On Tuesday, the 13th inst., at Lower Tottenham Middlesex, CharlesPalmer, youngest sonof the late Athtr Fry, s11:d surgeon, aged 1_.
From Sk LONDON GAZETTE of ITutesday, May 13. LORD CHAMBERLAIN'S 8ocE, Ap.t, 29. Notice is hereby given that Her Majesty will hold a Drawing-room at St. James's Palace on Thursday, the 29th of May next, at 2 o'clock, to celebrate Her Majesty's virthday. N.B. The Knights of the several Orders are to appear m their Collars at the Drawing-room on the 29th of MIay next. WAR DEPARTMENT, PALL-MALI, MAy 13. The Queen has been pleased to issue a commission under Her Royal sign manaal, of which the following is a copy, to inquire into the system of purchase and sale of comnissions in Her Majesty's army:- "'Victoria,by the grace of Godof the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith o " To our right trusty and right entirelv-beloved co and Councillor, Edward Adolphus, Doke of Somerset " Our trusty and well-beloved Edward Henry Stanley, commonly called Lord Stanley: " Or right trusty and well-beloved Coincillor, Sidney Herbert; " Our right trusy and well-beloved Councillor, dAward Ellice ; " Our trusty and well-beloved, Edward Backley Wynyard, Esq., Lieutenant-General of our Forces, Companion panion of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath ; "' Onr trusty and well-beloved Sir De Lacy Evans, Lieu- i tenant-General of our Forces, Knight Grand Cross of the lost Honourable Order of the Bath- " Our trusty and well-beloved Si~ Harry David Joses,. Major-Generalof our Forces, with thelecalrank of Lieutenant-General in Tarkey, Knight Commander of the Most Eonourable Order of the Bath; " Our trusty and well-beloved Sir Henry John William Bentinck, 3Iajor-General of our Forces, with the local rank of Lieutenant-General in Tarkey, Knight Commander of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath; - "Our trusty and well-beloved George Carr Glynn, Esquie. " Onr trusty and well-beloved Edward Robert Wetherall, Esquire,l Colonel in our army, Companion of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, greeting; "Whereaswe have deemed it expedient that a commission should issue for the purpose of inquiring into the system by which gentlemen are permitted to enter our service, and officers mn our army are allowed to be advanced by the purchase of commissions at fuxed prices, and likewise to retire from our service by the sale of the same; and that the said; commission should report to ns whether it may be expedient! to make any changes in the existing system. "N ow know ye, that we, reposing great trust and con-' fidence in your zeal, discretion, and ability, have authorized and appointed, and do by these presents authorize and appoint you, the said Edward Adolphus Duke of Somerset, Edward Henry Stanley, Sidney Herbert, Edward Ellice, Edward Bucldey Wynyard, Sir De Lacy Evans, Sir Harry David Jones, Sir Hlenry John William Bentinck, George Carr Glynn, and Edward Robert Wetherall, to be our commissioners for the purposes aforesaid; and we do hereby authorize and empower you our said commissioners, or any three or more of you, to obtain information thereupon by the examination of all persons most competent, by reason of their knowledge, habits, or experience, to afford it, and also by calling for all documents, papers, or records which may appear to you, or any three or Erore of you, calculated to assist your researches, and to promote the formation of a sound judgment upon the subject. " And we do hereby command and require you, or any three or more of you, to report to ns, 'nder your hands and seals, with all convenient speed, your opinion whether it may be expedient to make any, and, if any, what changes in the system by which,- "Ftly, gentlemen are permitted to purchase first commi_sions in our army; " Secondly, officers are permitted to purchase any higher commissions; "Thirdly, officers are permitted to retire from our army by the sale of their commissions, all at prices established by regulations of our Royal predecessors, aud likewise whether the sanction thus given to first entry into our army, and subsequent promotion by purchase and retirement by sale of commnssions, has been beneficial or otherwise to the interests and cbaracter of our army generally. "And we will and conimand, and by these presents ordain, that this our Commission shaU continue in full frce and virtue, and that you, our said CommisSioners, or any three or more of you, may from time to time proceed in the execution thereof, and of every matter anud thing therein contained, although the same be not continued from time to time by adjournment. "And for your further assistance in the execution - of these presents, we do hereby authorize and empower you to appoint n secretary to this our commission, whose services and assistance we require you to use from time to time, as occasion may require. "Given at our Court, at St. James's, the 10th day of May, 1856, in the 19th ~ e command, zegn MAY 10. The Queen has been graciously pleased to give orders for the appointment of Lieutenant John Archibald Ballard, Lieutenant-Colonel in the service of His Imperial Majesty the Sultan; Lieutenant Christopher Charles Teesdale, Lieutenant-Colonel in the service of His Imperial Majesty the Sultan; and Captain Henry Langhorne Thompson Major in the service of His Imperial lLajesty the Sultanto be Honorary Members of the Military Division of the Third Class or Companions of the Most Hononrable Order of the Bath; and of Dr. Humphry Sandwith, late Inspector, General of Hospitals in the service of His Ininerial Majesty the Sultan, to be an Honorary Member of the Civil Division of the Third Class or Companions of the said Yost Honourable Order. WHITEHALL, MAY 12. The Queen has been pleased to direct letters patent to be passed under the Great Seal, granting the dignity of a Baronet of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland unto Major-General William Fenw%ick Williams, of Kms, Kuight Commander of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and to the heirs male of his body lawfully begotten. MAY 13. The Queen has been pleased to appoint the Right Hon. Matthew Talbot Baines to be the Fourth Charity Commissioner for England and Wales, in the room of the Right Hon. Lord John Russell, resigned. FOREIGN-OFFICE, MAY 12. The Queen has been pleased to approve of Mr. Joao Tertuliano Fernandes Nobrega as Consul at Demerara for H1is Majesty the King of Portugal and the Algarves. DOWNING-STREET, TAY 13. The Queen has been pleased to appoint the Reverend Robert Snith to be Chaplain of the Scots Kirk, at Kandy, in the Island of Ceylon; Douglas Wales, Esq, to be Harbour Master of Port Louis, in the Island of aUuritius and Henry Connor, Esq., to be Assessor to the Ntive Chiefs within the Protected Territories, near or adjacent to the Settlements on the Gold Coast. BOARD OF TRADE. The Committee of the Privy Council for Trade, &c., have received a despatch, stating that the Board of Health at Leghorn has decreed a quarantine on vessels coming from the levant of five days, in cases of no sickness on board, or there having been no cases during the passage, and of 15 days in casQe of sickness on board or death having occurred during the passage. The committee have also received a copy of a Portuguese regulation, notifying that no Customs' duties will be levied at the port of Ambrir on foreigen commerce until the expiration of one month from the date of the publication of the tariff of duties. The committee have also received a copy of a despatch from Her ajesty's Consul at Puerto Rico to the following effect, viz.- 1L That direct importation between that island and ports of produce, be protected by a reduction of 6 percent. upon the duties payable according to the triff. "2. That in future the fines of 2 per cent., imposed by the custom-houses upon invoices of merchandise badly classified, proceeding from St. Thomas, be annulled. " That commodities which in quality and essential circumstances do not agree with the manifests that the in. terested parties have to present, within 24 hours after the vessel anchors in the port shall be denounced for confiscation. Thus while affording every facility to honest traffic, a corresponding punishment 'will be inflicted on those who deliberately attempt to defraud the interests of the revenue. " 3. That henceforth the 24 per cent. extra charge upon vessels proceeding from one port and touching in others not being the productive ones, in search of a mark-et for their cargoes, be not enforced, but they will be obliged to prove in the custom-house at the post of discharge, by means of Spansh consular certificates, that no business transaCtiOn has been effected in ports at which they may have touched. "4. Vessels importing a full cargo into bond will be exempt from tonnage dues; but they will pay them in addition to the ordinary tariff duties, upon the whole or part of the cargo if aftewards declared for consumption. " 5. That by way of compensation for the concessions grantedto commerce, and with the object also of constractmg aid maintaining new warehouses that may be projected a duty of l1 per cent, will in fature be exacted every six months, as a deposit duty upon articles bonded, instead of 1 per cent, as at present paid; the first six months being supposed to have elapsed twenty-four hours after the goods are stored, and the second twenty.four hours after the completion of the first six months. It being well understood that the effects exported under bond to other ports are not to be charged any other duties, royal or municipal, beyond the one per cent. already mentioned." COMMISSIONS. Signed by the Loan-Lamr -zsiwr of the West Riding of the County of YoK, and, or the City and County of the City of YoBn. iiamn Ferrand, Esq., to be Deputy-Lieutenant; (athorne Hardy, Esqp., hSLP., to be Deputy-Lieutenant. -Ist West Regiment o£ Yorlahire Yeomnanr,y Cavalry.-Cornet Beniain HuntrnanJ to be Lieut~, v,ee Brcookbanks retiredl; Cornet Parkin Jeffeock to le lieut.,vice Jeffocl4 retired; Afred annRere Drummend, 3ate Caot Rifle Brigads, to b,e ore; tb~e Hen. James Fre. derick Stuart WFortley to be Cornet, vice Jeffeock, promoted. B3y the LoBM-LrsurxN-iraa of the County of SmrA'oa. Queen's Own Royal IPegiment of Staffordshire Yeomanry Cavalry.- The Hon. HumbIe Dudley Vard to be Capt. vice Wrottesley, resigned, By the Loqan-Lr4urnc,sr of the Connty of REsn'w. Prince of Wales's Royal Regient of Renfrew Miltia.-Ensign Frederick Debenham tobeiAenS. vice lapier, resigned. 3Byg the Loan-LrsusuA-e of the County of Dxiscorq. Dngshi're Yeomzanry CavalryF.-Maor and Brevet-Lient-Col. Sir Wlliam L icsd, to be ILiealt.-oL .Supernmerary liijor Charles John Tottenbam to be faier Hngh io,bert Hugbe> Esq.. o beCaprt. Royal Rife Peie;of vealmigsbire sL"'tra-Ensign Kenyrn James Haamer to be Lreut., vice Myddelton, prom oted; Wililiam Henryl Thomas gent., to beflsins vice oaer. Pr' the I,OmRD-L rx!^mrc- of the County of L.u;conir toyal NorrhLincoln Mita.-Ensigh James SirSon Cooper to be Lieut., vice Laxton, resdgned; Ensign Reginald Smith to oc Iaeut, vice Lioyd, appointed Easign in the 7th Foot. Etwrlingsires &c., 3Mitia, Higblanul fordvrers I fttr ,-lo regnation of his commission by Dr. AlexandGr rr,. AilSt.-u, his been aooepted., Tlais " Gazette" contains a notice that the following pla lana bee3 dulyregistered for the solemization of marriages therein:Baptist Chapel, Lowestoft. - PARTNERSIIPS DISSOLVFD.- J. Shepparld and LMldbore,Wimeswold, comfactorsm-airbaina, Greenwood. and Baticy. Leeds. nachine makers.-Allesn and Bank, 'Norwich, tailor&-Clarke and Forde,- Iuto,- strznw manufacturers.- .-Lascelles and Sons, Great Guildford-street, Southwarlq, coope-TownEonandAltham,roulton-le-Sands. Laneaster.-Morley, Under-ood, and Morley, Leeds, woollen cloth manufacturers. as far as regardsW. Underwood.-W. Stubba and Co., aCaton, laucaster, adk spioners.-J. andl. IHaslett. Oxford-place, Hackney-road, drapers. -Thwaites and Asliburn. Blackburn, cotton splnmers.-IlaighFounadry -Company--L. A Palmer and H. Trewreila. rFalmoutb, drapers.- XotmaaandMtesjceson, ancheater,generalbrokers.-J. Symesand G. snuers Jilrchureh. Dorset, hemp mannL,ctorere.lt. 1. Lang and Co. and the Staffordshire Coal Company, F.rampton Cotterell, as far as regards J. H. tBsnart and J. Beattie.-Ward ad Boydon, Sinifori, sddlers.-J. 5 Bartholomew and G. 2.iisd, Banbury, DjECLAXTIONS OF DIVThESwDS. W., II., andJ. Mfiteheal, Hoasstones,-woo:ted spinuers-first div. of s, S., first dir. of is. Hid. onithe separate estate of *W. Mitchell, div. of 20s. on tbe separate estafe of H.i Mitchel. and div. of 4c in tieseptacata estate of J. Mitchell, any Tuesday, at 'r. Hernanan'd, T. Staley. Stockport, grocer-furtherdiv.of 2d. onTuesday. Junel0 or any subsequent Tuesday, at Mr a Eser'a Manchester. - T.Xirkhain, Blaceburn, s'pisner-drss div. of Is. 4d., on Tuesday, June10, or on any subsequentTuesday, atMr. Fraser's, Mancheste H. Gladstone, fanebester generalbroker-lurther div. of 9I& on the separate estate, onTuesday, JonDe3, or^ny subsequent TueaJay, at 'Mr. Fraser's,MMachester. S Xirkbaso Blackburn, cotton mainufncturer-frst dir. of l1s.Td., onnTocuadtay, Eafy 27, or any subsequent Tuesday, at Mr rae', S. Malant, WhalIey. cotton spiner-first div. of 4s 6, on Tuesay Way 27, or any sub.sequent Tuesday. stNfr. Jrases's. Mncbester. }. Sqmro, Ringstou-upon-Hull, iron anerchant-first dir. of Se, 3d., any Thursday, at Mr. V;arrickbs, Hull. BA17EUIT George Gregory, Whitechapel-road, snd Church-lane, Whiteebapel, baker, to surrender May 22, athlf-ptl2 o'delock, and June 19, at 2. atthe Bankrupts Court; solicitors, fessrs. Jenkinson. Sweeting and Jenklnson, Clement's-lane, Lenbard-street; offlcial assagnee, Mr.Bell, *,oleman-street-puildings, John WiUiam Greaver. sen., High-street, Bos, wholesale ironmoner My2, t oclok,an ue 6,at12, at. the=Bnkup, Court solicitor, Mr. XenneCtkt EscPhuuceh-streets; offiial assinee, Mr. Johnson, Basiaghall-street. Edwgard liemp, Aiin"den, Mror ayv 19, at 11°ds,and -Jatiie 19. at 1, at the~ BanXruptO 1onre * so Nessrs.1 O'clocr, and Lloyd, Bloomibur -equaLre; offical assgnee, Mfr. Johnson, Basinghall- JonBeare Walke, 17\ewton Abbott, draper. Ma,y26, and June16, at 2 o'clock, at tbe BankeruuptsCDout; sdolicitors, EMer.Mason and -Sturt, Gresh3m-street; Official assignee, Mr. Stansfeld. JamesBernaminLiocke, Truro, mereer, May 21, and Jule 19, at 1 'oclc, at the Exeter District Court of Bankruptcy; Solecitors, Msstrs Heai and Vefn, Exeter; official aseignee, Mr. shrtzell, Hesa-y LiverSidge, Eknigtln, surgeon, May24. and, July 5, at 10 o'cock. at the Le8eds Distract ltiCourat of ino3Xkrupc. gevnSheffild sil. Henryyteh SIefedavlsauaerr a d n uyS, at. e Leeds District court of Bankruptcy, sheffieid; soi.- dtors. desrsa. Heole and Yeomans, Sheffield; official assignee Mfr. -Brewin, Shottield. - Frederick l Krinell, and George Smith, Liverpool, and Huyton Quarry, manufacturers of watewroof fabrics, May22, and June 12, at Is o'clock, at the Liverpcol District Court of Bankruptcy; solicitors, Mfessrs. 1orris aud Son, LJiverpool; oficdal assignee, Mr. Turner. - John Samuel Walgefield, Hartlepool, watchmalker. May 22 andJuly 3. ast 12 o'locl;, at the 7ew castle-npon-Tyne District Court of Bankruptcy; solicitor. Mlr. Child, Hartlepool; of ficial assignee, MIr. Baker, 17ewcastle-upon-3Tyne. 3DIVIDESDS. June 5, L. Alexander, Old Broad-street. merchant.-June 5, G. and J. Winter, Hastings, buflders.-June 3, J. Adams, Fiusbiury-square, surgeon.-June 5, G. alieon andW. S. Mummery, Avery-row, Bondstreet, paperstainers--June 3, H. Ashley, Eleet-treet and Little Carter-lane, carrier.-June 5, W. awker and A. Campion. Dowgatehill, carmen.-June 3, T. Loftt, Strand, printer.-June 4, S. Brei.in -Wisbeach St. Peter, Isle of Ely, miller.-Jane 3, T. 'Morris, Murray- street, Horton,. straw hat manufacturer.-June 3. T. V-arty, Strapd, publsher.-June 3, G. C. Po-tans, N7ewmarketAUl Saints, Cambridge. shire, grocer.-June 5, J. Woodroffe, Leather-lane, lioensed victualler. -June 5, tR. Martin, Great St. Helens, mnerchant.-June 5, T. P,rke, Grays, Essex, lihendraper.-June 5, S. Cohen andJ. Lubliner,Prattongarden, manufactming goldsmuths.--une 5, T. Lands, otherwise White, High-street, Camden-town, boot vendor.-June, 3, J.1P. Samuel, Blackburn, shuttle manufacturer.-.june 4, J. Lomax, Warrington, victualler.-June 3, B. Kenrick, Erampton, Lincolshiree ship owner.-June 3, J. S. Taylor, Derby, ironfounder.-June 14, MA Muir and J. Whitcombe, Bidderminster, carpet manufacturers.-June ,C. . W. Morris, Bilston, draper.-June 10, J. 0. andW. Herring, Sunderland, thnbermerchants.-Junel2, T. Watson, Carlisle, curier. Juno 4, J. PMchardsmn, Ltverpool, timber mercbaut.-Juns 3, W. Cross, Chester, lead merchant. CERTIFICATES to be granted unless cause be aowan to the Contrary on the day of meeting. June 5, T. Evans, Wlood-street, Cheapside, umbrella manufacturer.- June 5, J. 0. Eoudrinier. lately of Bush-lane. paper maker.-June 4, W. Lemon, Bridge-house-place, Newington-caureway, painter.-June, G. Fossey and J. Steel, Milleall, timber merchants.-June 4, T Knowles, Seymour-street4 Burton-square, chymist.-June4 B. Lincol, Tottenham-oourt-road, ioensed iictualler.-June 4, W. Deacon, Boxuoor, H4ertford. hcewver.-June 4. 5. Barker, Brixton, builderJune 3, C. F. Fools, Lav.rence-lane, wvarehouseman.-Sune 3, J. Tulrner, Bishoysgate-street and elsewhere, baker.-Jmno 3, G. W. Bradbee, and G1. lV. Bradbee, jun., Xo vgate-street. fringe mbanufac turers.-umoelO, J. C. and W. Hverring, munderlaiid, timber merchantc. -June 5, Rt. Potter,Exeter, sbipbuilder.-June 19, G. Fennel], Sto}eupcon-Trent. grocer -une 2L, w. B. M\oss;, Stamford, butcher.- J une 4, It. Wells, Kingston-upon-lHun, tailor. SCOTCH SEQUESTRATIONS. W. G. Matbeson, Glasgow, china dealer, May23, at 2 o'clock, at the Globe Hfotel, Glasgow. J. M'Clymont, Glasgow, grocer, Hay 26, at 1 o'cloc, at the Georgo Hotel, Glosgow. a F. Bounar, Dunfersoline, msn.actuSrer, May21, atl2 'lock, aitbe 17ew Inn, Dmnfermilne,
SATEZ OF TRADE. MACHESTER, lAL&cu 13. -The holydays have taken away many of our manufactur. ing and mercantile people, andthe meeting on the Exchange this morning was muchl less than usual. We had, consequently, allatter market than we have had for some time, and sellers of yarn conld only do business by submitting to a decline of about Ad. per lb. At this reduction the Germans did some business in water twist, bet thetrade for export as well as home consumnption was inconsiderableinamount. In cloth there w,as a little more inquiry, hut at lower prices, and, stocks being small manufacturers were gene. rally very unwilling to accede to any modiiication of terms. =Buyerswere here and there able to pick up lots below the rates current, and in some descriptions a fair business was !done in this way, hut, generally speakig, the market was i characterized by steadiness among mOst classess of producers. This is not so much to be wiondered at, because at the prices paid for yarns, manufacturers, especially those who are not spinners, have but a small main at present rates wherewvith tomeet the char-'esforproducing cloth. In some kinds this margin must leave a positive loss, and hence the greater tenacity with which they cling to last quotations. Probably quite as much business as been done in cloth to-day as on last Tuesday, but not in yarns. Yessrs. John Slagg and Co. report:- " There was a large business done in India goods during the last three days of last week, at a slight reduction from Taesday's prices; but, the stocks which had been accumulating for the last two or three weeks having been consider-' ably reduced, there is no longer any auniety to sell, and we: resume our quotations of Tuesday, at which we have a firm' but quiet mark et. For the home trade there is a fair demand for printers and shirtings of various widths ai steady rates; for long cloths;, Tr cloths, iand domestics the demnandi is langruid; but;, though stocks of somcedescriptions begin to' accumulate, there is as yet no giving way in prices." IEEDS, MAY 13. Considering that Whitsuntide holydays are now holding,' to-day's market has been well attended, and an average amount of business has been done; indeed, buyers have operated more freely than they did last week, so that the' market upon the whole has shown some improvement. The report of this day's markeet at Huddersfield is as follows:-"There have been several representatives of large London and Glasgow houses in the market to-day, but the maintenance of the rise in -wool has causedmuch hesitationt in their purchases. Any description of articles, at old prices, are readily purchased. The market is dulL Stocks yave slightly increased. Plain goods are mostly pur. chased." Wools are very firmn in price, and have advanced a little since the opening of the current sales in London. A new feature, and one worth mentioning, has just been developed in the Australian wool trade. By advices from Melbourne of the 25th of Feburary we learn that there had just been a sale of about 700 bales of wool, which had realized fall zates ; but the new feature was that engagements were made to deliver parcels of the Wool at Leeds, Bradford, Halifax, and Rochdale, at a charge for freight of A.d. per lb., which w.as at the same rate as to London, and i. per lb. more than I to LiverpooL If the practice should prevail of shipping I wools direct fromthe Australian colonies to the clothing dis- I tricts of England, there must be a correspondiwg diminution in the business of the metropolitan wool brokers, acoomqauied with some adlvantage to the w oollen manufacterers mnthis district, who will save at least the expense of the carriage of the wool. from London to the West Miding.
[Advertisement.]-" The Daughter of Night," a Tale of the Mines and the Loom, by S. W.'Fullom, lFq,; new and cheaper edition, rice Is. 6d. boards cloth. 2s. d. post free. "A mostpowerfInD tol and fascinating tac"-T.ohn BulL., "It exhibits an unquestionable skll and mastery of the szbiect."-Examiner. Also just ready, "'be Old English Gentleman; or, the Fields and the Woods," byJohn Mills, Esq.: price Is. 6d.; cloth. 2s., post free. These inimitable sk-etehes of country life ill be rXa awth pleasure and profit."-Eaminer. Also. by the saans author, "The Briefeesm Barristr."prie I. S. bard; 2. S. coth "Atale of extraordinary interest anod b;e5au6tdy.EaAnew- ediutionof that remarkable Indian talc, "Nick of the Woods; or the Fighting Quaker," byR. M. Bird price is. S;doth, 2, Is now ready. Ward and Lock, 18, Flee-W [Advertisement.- iodern Society in Romeo ' by J. 31. Beste, asq., of "The ,"just publisbed, in 3 rols. "Mr. Biste's novel, which is not without nterest, is made the more valuable as aboobytheabudanceof the socal and poltical information oontaned in it,. Th book mainly cals attention to the inner political life of Rome. It abounds in anecdote and incident. told as certain kmowledge."-Examiner. " This vork is singularly interesting. It contains striking narratives of most of the principal eetz that occured from the accession of Plio Nono to the occupation of Rome by the French, with spirited and truthful sketches of the leading eharacters who took part in the politics of that memorable eriodY"-Lit. Gazette. Turst and Blackett, publshers, success to enrColbmrn. - IAdvertisement.}-" laishipman Easy, by Captailn rrt, price ls. 6d., isnow ready ;andwhenit is knownthat' 'Peter SimPle"and "TheEln'sOwn,"bythe same author. AlbertSmith's 3aLrchionesSofBrinvilers0 (the poisonerof thel7theentury),and Maxwelli' inimitable "Stories of Waterloo" may be obtained at Is. 6d. each; also the whole of Sir R. Bulwer L,ttones novels, each complete in one volume, at from 1E. to 2s., as well as "The Scarlet Lette"'and "House of Seven Gables," by Hawthornc Is. each we should tbink that few l fail to possess themselves of " The ail. way Library," which now contaias the most celebrated wrorks of the most celebrated authors. Complete lists gratis on application. London, George Routledge and Co., Farringdon-street. EAdvertisement.]-' Life of a Sailor," by Captain Cha- mier, R.N. New and ch-rp edition, price 2a; free bypost% 26 stamps. The.courageous exploits and daring adventures, as performed by our nlovels deservedly famous-considered by many to equal, if not sarpvas, Marryet'. Just ready, by the same author, "Pan Brace; or r t hat Of Nelseons Agarumpnons,"h rice 2s., poat free, 25 stamps, u of interesting particulars reYpect-mu o rd Nelson, rela ting m any hersian hre, "P{ajji Baba lm ewnd," prie ls. w d. Ward and oel t 15t, Fleet street. Eob vertisementhe-aue Cessation of strife abroad otieno the way for the peaceful taruplis of philarthro-ic enterp?rise ae home. Though victory has crowned sur arms with success,din the beautiful language of Miton, "Yet much remains to conquerstll pece bath hereictories. noleas enowned than war." The peoplool thisceuntrywiuibre the greatestsupport everyet received in their noble rtruggle in the causeof self-education by the publication of diwisien I f "Cassoli'sPopul1ar EDducator," price Is., wshich witi be ready May IS. It is edited: by ProfessorWallace, andwi contain k course of lessons in history, grammar, mathematics, arithmetic, French, music, pbysiology, Latin, botany, and biography. adMilton livedto seetShiadayhewrould havd admitGed that oneiictorywasat least achieved, worth of his serse and of b5s praLse. London. W. Kent and Co., 81 and b2, Paternoster-rowr, prhuslhers of Os3esel's edo. cfatienPal works and the " lIu?rAte&bdyPeper ;" and mayS be ha6
B.AILWAY - ,RA?ID CEIR OF BAITOE. .L J=Ul- -1t=-, 1us3inary and extraordinary of Wlj company has recently been held 4 Paris, £Z Ckatdlusj 'ice presldent, in the chair. - The meetnghavingobeen aeclara aulY co0 ed,14-X SCPxOrX, one of the directors, read the repot, - This document. which is one of great length, comneneas; by referring to the concesions -or acquisitions of variois -lines effected by the board sce the precedinssgner~ ac eSio eations froClermont; te r the Lot to ontuau, and from Peri. gueux to Coutrat. in all 314 kilometres ((199 mles).; aB the treaty of March 30, 1853, the company had obtined thai -concession of the sections from CleniontpFerrnd to Mont. ahban, the sections b4tween St. Etierune, an) this latter line on to Perigeuxs. and the line from LAmoges to AgeW. In addition the board has since the last enral meeting made a treaty with the Winister of Public w crIs whereby the Grand Central Company shall obtain branches to Cahors, to Villeneuve-d-Agen, to Bergerac, and to Tulle. For this concession the board now had to apply to the share. lolders for their ratification. Various terms of time were obtained for the execution of these works, the longest being U years from the present date but, as the length of the concession of the Grand Centrai Corpany, fix ati 99Sears, vwas to-ru fromthe period at which the last works of the company wouldhave terminated, it followed thatthe whole period of the concession wonld be ll0years fromz the 2d of Ma&y, 85. As by the cnhier dea charges the State would have to take part in the exeeution of the rail ways of the Grand Central Company on the conditions of' the lawv of 1842that is, they would have to purchase the ]and and execute the earthworks and works of art, it became a matter of importance to estimate correctly what; charge that obligation would impose on the Treasury. The Government engineers, after most careful surveys, declaed that the total cost of the complemaentary concessions of the Grand Central group, not only for the works of the State, but of the company itself (for stations, yards, rolling EtoCk, ec.1, vouldl be from 200,000,O000. (MA0o 00,04.) .tQ -210,000,000f. (S,400,000l.). In consequence an arrangement has been entered into by which the State agrees to Pay to the company a subvention of 78,00,000!. (3,120,0001.) and a guarantee of 4 per cent. on the totl capital, fixed a 219,000,000f. (8,760,0001.), the said grtee applying not. only tothe capital of the new sections, but of the old ones. The report then adverts to the second 'ine from Paris to, Lyons, by Nevers, conceded to the three companiesconjointly of the Paris and Lyons, the Paris and Orleans, and!, the Grand-Central, each coropany contributing the portions of the line which it possessed in the direction of -the ralway in question. The capital necessary for the execution of the remaining portions of the line is to be provided by an issue of bonds in the name of the three oompanies just named, and the newv line is to be administered by a, board of 12 directors, furnished in equal number from the board of each company. The report also sets forthat length the advantages likedy to accrue to the company bythe acqaisition of the coal basin and miuneral districi-sof Aabhin. Already the ironworks of that establishment had been found useful in furnishing rails for the new lines in course of construction, mid the fael which it supplied would become of great importance 'when the whole of! the lines were opened to the public. The price given for the Anbin establishment was 44,2 () CM of 500!., bearing interest at 5 per cent. These new concessions had increased the length of the Grand Central lines from 40-3 lilometres (289A miles) to 1,229 ldometres (768 miles), and the four branches to Tulle, Cahors, Bergerac, and Villeneuve-d'Agen, would carry itup to 1,34( ;ilometres (843miles). With regard to the state of the works in course of execution the report stated that the Section from Clermont to Lempdes, which had been opened since September, 1855, to the coal-mines of Brassac, is now ready to convey passengers throughout its whole length, so that the period fixed by the law of concession was advanced more than a year. The .section from the Lot to Montaulan, being of great difficulty, could not be opened before the time fixed by the concession. O 15 bridges over the A'-eyron, two were entirely finished, the remainder being in course of construction. The tunnels, 25 in number, have been all commenced, and 12 entirely pierced. In fact, of the whole works aboult one-half may be said to be completedL With respect to the financial situation, a sum of 78,903,624E. (Z15d,145 , had been received from calls on shares and bonds up to thec 31st of December last, and 67,953,996. (2,718.159l.,) expended, leaving an available balance of 10,949,628f. (437,985Q.). On the portion of the line open for traffic the receipts are almost exclusivelv for passengers, and theyr amounted to 1,005,100f. (40,2041'.), and the expenses to, 960,000!. (38,4001.), the surplus being, according to the, statutes, carried to the capital account. The report states, wvith reference to the Pyreneannetworkof lines, thatnothing; has as yet been decided, but that the board is continuing its ex;ertions to obtain the concession from the Government. With regard to the proceedings which had taken pLace in Spain, it stated that four of the directors of the Grand Central and Ut. de Rothschild had purchased the line from Madrid to the Mediterranean; andcthe Grand Central having previously obtained a concession of the line fromi Madrid to Saragossa, to be extended to the French frontier, had formed an amalgamated company for the construction and workdng of the whole group 813 kilometres (506 mciles) in lentgth. The capital is to be 120,000,000f. (4,800,0001.), in 24,000 shares of 500M. each, of which number 56,00(1 are to be placed at the disposal of the shareholders of the Grand Central Companv. On the motion of the CuAnRarg the accounts were ap. proved; the provisional convention entered into with thea State for branch lines to Cahors, Villeneuve-d'Agen, Bergerac, and Tulle was ratified;' full powers were given to ther board to treat for the concession of the Pyrenean group and for a line from Limoges to Paris, and to make treaties with other companies. The proceedngs then terminated. ABERDEEN. A special general meeting of this company was held in their new offices, Aberdeen, on Saturday, to consider the, bi'l for amalgamating this company with the Scottish Midland. Mr. Pras, who occupied the chair, explained variousclauses of the bill, and suggested some slight modifications. He proposed that the 29th section, which had bDen objected to by some of the proprietors of the Scottisl Eidlad, should be struck out; and that one auditor fronm each of the companies, instead of two, should be considerecf sufficient. This was agreed to, and The CH up'n.s then stated, as a proof of the unanimous feeling that existed in favour of the amalgamation, that, whiile proxies had been received for a'cove. 10,000 shares, re- presenting half-a-milion of capital stock, not one proxy ha: been received against it. Thebill, as amended, was very cordiall approved, XANCHESTER, SHEEIa), MAI) INCOINSH1E. The working expenses and olther outgoings of this company's railways (exclusive of the Manchester, South Junction and Altrincham, stated below) have amounted in the fortnight ending May 4 to 8,9071., making, with the 72,041. already stated, a total of 80,9171. for the firstnine fortnights of the half-year, or at the rate of 5676 per ^cnt. on the railway traffic for the same period. The proportion of the South Junction, &c., receipts accraing to this company for thefortuight ending May 4 amounts to 7501., making, with the 5,7071. previously stated, a total for the first nine forts nights of the half-year of 6,457., vhile the expenses, being 377l. for this and 3.0551. for the eight previous fortnight6, amount to 3,4321, or at the rate of S3l15per cent. RAMIWAY BILL8. LrNsDmrOS A.c NEwTOVws.-The Parliamentary de.- claration of the directors of this company with respect to the fundsrequiretlfor constructing theirproposed newworksets forth that they have remaining unexpended, out of the total share capital of 80,0001. already authorized, a sthplas of 19,500I. for the purpode. W vr VALy.-The declartion made by this company to the :gouse of Commons in lieu of subscription conD tract deposes that out of the total aggregate capital which they are authorized to raise they Will have a sum oE 40,0001. wherewith to defray the expense of new works. THAmES fl:&vxN DOCE AS"D RAILAY.-TliO declaration as to funds sets forth that the directors have, out of the 300,0001. which they have been authorized to raise, an actual surplus of 39,0001., wherewith to constract harbour, docks, and other works upon their property. ScoT= CENTtAn.-The estnited cost of this company's proposed railway to Denny is 22,50. TR 1 C I JTURNS. Week p.41 Miles Pa. Mer- Toa. Tow; !WAM vpm wngema"a£. es 1.: . , - Week ending April 25. Great Westmof Cana .. AS3 ..,165 .. 7,144 ..;5,309 . 2%40r& Wft endinc April n7. Nolrthe r of Fiance.. .. - 12,055.. 22,176.. 34,231.. WM.54 Week endingMay 1. MariasAntnia .. .. - - . - .. 245.. 20? Week ending May 7. MonsandManage .. .. 21 92. 56.. 679.. 8i Week ending May 10. L4ndon, Brighton, t Soath Cot .. .. .. . 9,691 .. 3,035.. 12,726.. 132 Both-Ea.tern.. - .. - ., - .. 16,663 .. 16,8 Week ending May 10. Glasgewandgouth-WeWem - .. - ., - .. 5,772 ., Week ending May 11. GreatLuxembourz .. .. 3 .. - .. - .. 556 WeekendingMy12. RendalandWindennero .. - . - .. - .. 220 .. 1l5 Grand Trnk of Cana . . 388.. 1,142 .. 2,764.. 3,6 .. #,16 The following are the last returns of the gross receits of the principal Rench riways from the 22d to the Octh or April:-
MONAY-MABKETand-3ITY INPBLLI6HENE.,- .e- Tuesisay Evening. A numerous attendance of capitalists and others took place at the Treasury this afternoon to meet :the Chancellor of the Exchequer, according to appointment, with the view of obtaining further information previously to the negotiation of the loan .of 5,00Q,000Z. on Monday next. The Government 'werm represented by Sir G. C. Lewis, Mlir. J. Wil- aon, and Sir Alexander Spearman. The Governor and Deputy-Governor of the Bank wvere also in attendance. Among the members of the moneyed interest were-Baron L. Rothschild, Sir A. Rothschild, Baron Goldsmid, the Lord Mayor, and Mr. 'T. Chapman, representing the London and W'est.aninster Bank; Sir J. Paxton, Mr. R. Thornton, 31r. T. Thornton, MIr. J. Capel, Mr. Norbtiry, 31r. .R. Ricardo, Mr. Hutchinson (Chairiman of the Comnanittee of the Stock Exchange), Mr. J. Laurence, Mr. P. Cazenove, lMr. L. Cohen, MlIr. C. Edwards, 3Ir. W. Prescott, MIr. C. Ansell, MlLr. Stern, Mr. B. B. 'Williams, &c. The Chancellor of the Exchequer opened the proceedings by stating that Lord Palmerston would not ae present (owing, it was understood, to indisposition). With regard to the loan, the conditions were given at length in the original notice, but if further information was required he was prepared to answer 4any questions. 3ir. J. Capel called attention to the circumstance that two of the instalmentswere payable in Jiuneone on the 28th, a Saturday, whiclh would be a most inconvenient day,-and that if this course were per.severed in 50 per cent. of the loan would be locked up during the shutting of the bank books. If the 10th of July were fixed for the latter instalment it would be more suitable. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, after a short conversation w ith Baron Rothschild and Mr. Capel, intimated that he could not well change the date, -nd it was agreed that it should remaain as announiced. Inanswer to Mr. Capel, the Chancellor fuirther stated that he does not at present contemplate a funding of Exchequer-bills, or any sales of savingsbank Stock, unless necessary for savings-bank purposes. Powers will be taken in the act similar to those arranged in February last, with clauses protecting members of Parliament who may take part in the contract. hlr. Capel.-As the payments of two instalments 'will occur during the shutting, may I ask the {Governoi of the Bank, who is present, if that estaiblishment will make advances on the scrip receipts? The Governor of the Bank.-The Bank are always ready to make advances on Government securities 4uring the shutting, at the current rate of interest. The Chancellor of the Exchequer then observed, that, in order to prevent any misapprehension, it -would be as well to state that the loan which is now proposed is calculated to cover the whole of the *estimated service of the year with the exception of 2,000,0001., and that, for raising this additional sum, he proposes to take power to issue Exchequerbonds or Exchequer-bills, as the condition of the money-mark-et may at the precise period adinit. It is not certain that the Government will require the whole of this amount; but, as in the case of the war it was not possible accurately to regulate the whole ,of the expenditure, so it is now difficult to estimate what may be the outlay required for the return of -troops, &c. Under no circumstances will the 2,000,000l. be necessary before the last quarter of -the present year, or the first three months of 1857. A Tote, however, may be taken for contingencies, since it is in the discretion of Government to provide for an excess of expenditure, although there is no -substantial reason to suppose that there will be any. The question with respect to a funding of Exchequer-bills was repeated, and answered in the nega-tive and the Lord Mayor explained that the object was not to extract a pledge from the Governiment, but to enable the bankers and others identified with these securities to regulate their transactions, as they -are all interested in seeing the Government issues maintain a respectable position in the muoneymarket. M1r. Capel.-If a funding is not intended, may I inquire if you propose to make any alteration in the rate of interest? The Chancellor of the Exchequer.-AII I can say -with respect to that is, the notice will be given in the usual form, at the proper time. Baron Rothschild.-Then, the contract will be taken on MIonday at 10 o'clock, and the first payment will be made on Thursday, the 22d ? The Chancellor of the Exchequer.-Yes. The parties then withdrew. The quotation of gold at Paris is about 5 per mille premium (according to the last tariff), which, -at the Engglish MNint price of 31. 17s. 104d. per ounce for standard gold, gives an exchange of 25.29X; and, the exchange at Paris on London at short being 25.37A, it follows that gold is about 0.32 per cent. dearer in London than in Paris. By advices from Hamburg the price of gold Is 42&0 per marlk, which, at the English MNlint price of et. 1Ws. 104d. per ounce for standard gold, gives an exchange of 13.5k ; and, the exchange at hamburg -on London at short being 13.61, it follows that agold is 0.53 per cent. dearer in London than in Hamburg. The course of exchange at New York on London for bills at 60 days' eight is 109k per cent., and the par of exchange between England and America being 109 23-40 per cent., it follows that the exchange is nominally 0.30 per cent. in favour of England; and, after maldng allowance lor charges of transport and difference of interest, the present rate leaves a small profit on the importation of gold from the UUnited States. The English funds opened steadily this morning, -nud in the latter part of the day experienced an advance of three-eighths per cent. The first quotation of Consols for money was 921 to 93, and they ranged between 92i and 93 until after the interview between the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the -capitalists on the new loan, when they improved to 933 'o d for money, and 9.3 to 4 for the 4th of June. After regular hours increased buoyancy was manifested, and numerous operations took place for June at 93O to j. The cause of the animation con-sisted in the statement of the Chancellor of the Exchequer that no further loan in Consols is con- templated after the present one, and that the utmost limit of any additional requirements is likely to be 2,000,0001., wich, if it should be called for, will be raised in Exchequer-bonds or bills about the commencement of next year. An increasing anticipation of a more easy state of the money market in consequence of the arrivals of specie now -taking place likewise contributed to support prices, although it is expected that the temporary pressure for the deposit of 10 per cent. on all the applications for the new loan vill be severe. Bank Stockleftoff at 211 to 212; Reduced, 91- to 4; New Three per Cents., 924 to ; AnnLities, 1' 1-16; India Stock, 927 to 229; India-bonds, Ss. to 4s. disount; Ex,chequer-bonds, 984 to i; and Exchequer-bills (larch), 2s. discount to 2s. premium; (June), 4s. discotunt to par. The circular of Messrs. Rothschild regarding their subscription list for the new loan is expected to appear to-morrow. Foreign securities were firm, and prices in some eases exhibited a further advance. In Medcan there was an improvement of nearly 1 per cent., but it was not altogether supported. Turkish Six per Cents. were negotiated at 97i, i, and i, and the Four per Cents. guaranteed at 101. Mexican, for inoney, was dealt in at 22k, 23g, 4, and 4; and, for the--account, at 234- and J;--Brazilian Five per Cents., 994; Chilian, 105 and 104; Sardinian Five per Cents., 934; Spanish Three per Cents., 444 and 45; the New Deferred, 244 and i ; for the account, 25; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 954; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 944. n the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rate upon Paris was a shade higher than last post. With regard to other places there-was no material variation. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were, 75f. for money, and 75f. 30c. for the end of the month, showing no alteration. About 60,00U. of Australian gold is understood to have been taken to the Bank to-day. The American gold just arrived wil first be refined, and will then probably be also sold to the Bank. The Niimroud, the Waterloo, and the Wooloomooloo have arrived from Sydney, but they are not believed to have brought any gold. The telegraphic reports from the Liverpool and Dublin corn-markets to-day describe dulness at previous rates. The prospectus has been issued of an undertaking which has long been contemplated for meeting the deficient supply of material for paper, cordage, and other articles made from flax and hemp. it is incorporated by Royal charter 'with limited liability, and is to be called the Colonial Fibre Company. Among its honorary directors are the Governors of Jamaica and British Guiana, from which colonies the new products, comprising the plaintain and many other fibrous plants suitable for the object, are to be drawn. The testimony furnished as to the extent and cheapness of the supply, and its applicability to the wants of manufacturers, are such as to warrant a hope, not only that the project will confer a great benefit upon some of our most important branches of occupation, but that it will also give an impulse to a revival of prosperity in the West Indies. The capital is to be 100,0001. in 201. shares, and the London board is composed of persons of respectability and of commercial and manufacturing experience. The amount- of specie from New York to-day is 210,000/., of which 60,000/. is stated to be on French account. This remittance is unusually large, and the Arago, on Thursday, is expected to bring a fturther considerable sum. The commercial accounts on this occasion mention a slight improvement in the stock-market, the Bank returns of the week having been more favourable than was anticipated. The lastquotationswereErie Railway, 574; Reading, 904; Panama, 103; llinois Central Bonds, 884; and Nicaragua, 144. The importations continued Large, and confidence seemed to be entertained as to the general course of business througlhout the year. The NeV York Crystal Palace had been advertised to be sold by auction in liquidation of its debts on the 22d of the present month. It was expected to be purchased only for its value in old materials. Its original cost was 120,0001., and it has been offered in vain for 25,0001. The American Guano Company are alleged to have received further evidence of the almost inexhaustible deposits on the island lately discovered in the Pacific, but these statements were probably circulated merely to promote share opera- tions. The advices from Canada by this mail state that the Hlion. W. Napier, on behalf of the London shareholders of the Grand Trunk Railway, had presented a memorial to the Governor-General setting forth the assistance required for that undeltaking. After alluding to the possible nonpayment of the half-year's interest falling due on the Provincial bonds, the abandonment of the Victoria-bridge across the St. Lawrence, and the results that wvould ensue from the non-completion of the line to its western terminus, he observes that the capital required forthe completion of the work is 1,560,0001., and recommends that the example of the continental States that have demonstrated their confidence in their own commercial future by g,ranting guarantees for public works, which have never yet resulted in loss, should be adopted by Canada, and that a dividend of 5 per cent. on the share capital should be thus secured in consideration of the line reverting to the Government in 99 years. He adds, that, should any deficiency arise during the first five years after the completion of the line to Toronto, the shareholders would undertake to raise the sum required to meet the guarantee by subscribing it in additional shares, to bear the same dividend ; by which means the colony would be enabled to give the aid so-Lght without the prospect of being called upon for any directpayment, since after the first five years there would be a rapidlty increasing surplus. According to estimates fromn existing data, ap)pended by Mr . Napier to his statement, the prospect of the returns during the first five years shows an average of 2.05 per cent., which would leave 2.95 per cent. to fall on the guarantee, but the second five years would yield more than 5 per cent., and the third would yield a surplus of 2.80 per cent. The Ecuatorian comnmission of agency is now giving effect to the agreement published in iMarch last, and is registering and stamping suchEcuatorian Land W,Rarrants as are presented, together with certificates of a subscription of 12s. 3d. paid to the Ecuador Conauittee in 1852. The seal bears the following inscription :-" Privileged Bond,-Registered for pre-emption in special acquisitions, underta;kings, &c. No. - Credited one pound sterling contributed." The object and value of the stamp are thus described in the circular of theEcuaclorCommittee:- " To the bonds so registered and stamped will appertain the privileges and rights of pre-emption recited upon the certificates of the Ecuador Committee- that is to say, they wil be receivable, at the option of holders for the time being, towards constituting the capital stock of such company or companies formed as aforesaid, for the acquisition of lands and other properties, for the working of ]ublic grants and concessions, for the development of the mineral and other natural resources of the Ecuatorian territories, or for other objects of profitable enterprise available to companies rivileged under decree of the Ecuatorian Government, dated September 24, 1852."
TRADE BEPORT. Tuesday Evening. IN-DIC.O.-The declaration for the sales of indigo, which commenced this morniing at the London CoDniercial Sale Rlooms, anmounted to 9,252 chests, consisting of 7,145 in Catalogue A, which presented the following assortmentviz., 4,3O6zengal, Benares, &-c. ; 259 plant Oude and Onde - 967 M1adras, 1,522 Kurpah, 29 Bimnilpatam, 3 manifla,5l fig; and in Catalogue B, 2,107 chests of sundries. The sale opened with -little spirit, the orders appearing Yery imiteid. Importers have been required to give strong support to oh. tam the prices quoted. The middling clean shipping Bengal of the new crop sold the most readily, at about the February rates, but the fine and the defective mixed qualities, on which the compceEition was greatest last sale, were those on which the decline of .3d. per pound has occurred, and the latter have fallen back inPto a more relative position than has recently existed. Kurpah Madras miet hut little competiton, and on good and finie shipping 4d. to Gd. decline hias been accepted, and on the ordinary and niiddling 3d. to 4d., a large proportion being bought in to realise the prices paid. Dry leaf MadrAs has sold 4d. to 6d.. lower on Velore qualities, and the native descriptions have been entirely either bought in or withdrawn. Of the quantity passed this morning, 982 chests, importers only withdrew 42 chests, but bought in 329, making the quantity sold 611 chests. Annexed are the particulars of qualities and prices :-Bengal, Benares, &c.,goodtofine violet, 7s. to7s. 4d.perlb.; middling to good violet, 6s. 6d. to 7s.; ordinary and middling, ditto, Gs. 3d. to 6s. 6d.; violet and copper, Gs. to Cs. Gd.; goodand fine home consuming qualties, and defective shipping, 5s. Gd. to 6s. 2d.; low and ordinary, ditto, 4s. 6d. to 5s. 4d - trash and dust, 2s. 3d. to 4s. 3d. Plant Oude, miiddling to fine, 4s. Sd. to 5s. 1Od. ; low to middling, 3s. 10d. to 4s.Gd Madras, dry leaf ordinary to fine Velore, 3s. 7d. to 4g. 9d. Kurpah, good to fine, g. 9d. to 6s. cd.u; ordinary to good middling, 4s. to 5a Gd low to ordinary, 2s. 0 ld. to 3s. 3d. Bimlipatam, 4s. 2d. to3ss.o to. LEATHER ArND Hrnss.-.BeingWhit Tuesday, no mnarket was held at Leadenhall to-day, but a fair busines has beeit done in the factors? private warehouses. An active inqir prevailed for crops andl the demand for light bu4tts, p`s,. and skins of all averages also continued unabated. I TALLow.-The mnarket is steady on the spot at 46s. 3d., but for the end of the year there is more disostin to sell at 45s. 9d._______
I - LWAY AYD -MiING SHARE& - - Taesd&y Evening. The railway market wsr heavy at the commencement of busineW, but it subsequently improved to the extent of from 5s. to 10s. per share. French, Belgian, and Indian experienced little alteration, although quotations on the average were well supported. Australian Land and Bank shares were steady, with a moderate amount of transactions. London and County were negotiated at prices ranging from 32* to 33g. For Canada Land the operations were at 137, and the final quotation was 136 to 138. Ottoman Bank left off to 1l pm. ; Bank of Egypt, j to i pm.; Riga Railway, If toi pm.; LombardoVenetian, 6ito - pm. ; National DLscount Company, . to -j dis.; Western Bank of London, 5 to 4 dis.; London and Paris, 3S to 2, dis.; and Alliance Bank, 2 to I dis.
THE CORBN TRADE. . - - XO~NTBLY RETUB,T (From Tuesday's aaz:tt Iiccounz Bnowmng ne uantilties of torn, Grain, Mea4, and Flour imported into the United Kingdom, and admitted to Home Consumption, in the Month of April, 1856. LIVERPOOI, TUMDAY, DLtY 13. 5^hearnvals from Ireland and coastwise since Tuesday l have weensalt Prowic352 foreign Ports we have reoered 13960 quarters wheat (of whih 3,52quarersrEgyptia),507 quarters beans, 9, quarters Indian corn, 7,014 sacks and 7,400 barrels flour. The exports in tho same time coraprise 2,426 quarters wheat, 774 quarters Oats, 10,313 quarters ludiancorn, s96 barrl Indian corn-meal, 1,92 sacks audl1055barrels tour. There has been no reatactivit in the trade doring theast week, but prices of heat and flour have been vellsu ported, andin some instances rfurther advance has been established. White Indian corn has been in demand, and has advaneed to 31s. to 35~,. per quarter, but yellow and mixed have been eomparatively negected, and witvout imaproement in Tvalue. The weather baa changed and e hve ewrin nd hihertemperature. At this day's market there wa3s only a small attendanoe of buyers. and the busness done in wheat and flour ws quite of a retal ehaactelr, at the rates current on this day week, Oats and oatmeal, wih a sOw sale, maintained previons rates. Barley. beans and pea may also be noted without alteration in ralue. Yellow and naxed Indian corn as leesin Ifavour, owing tco the large quantity reported as on te wa fro theUnited State-, and a dLecline of 6d. to le. per qu,arter on the week must be noted. 29s. per quarter being the extrame Priceobtainableforgood parcels. MW itecornwasinfairdemand,and pime samplesw, being searo, brought 32. to 3l. 6d. per quarter, being an advance of fully ir per quarter on the rates of this day Wcek, LEEDS, TUISDAY, MAY 13. We have a $Mall Suly of wheat, which meet. a dull "ele at Is. per quarter decline. The7eand for b,rley has fallen off, and ia Cd, to Is. per quarter lower. Oats and beans in favourof the buyer. .1AP, Xv'a ncx m n&y wr. whet ... .. .. .L ,Qs. I , . L , C Bhr0 .. .. .. .. 50 I Riaeose.d 5 Iinseed. lO loads.
1 ELAZ,Y ---- |. (Fmm OUER OWN CORoBZPM-O'1DENT DUBLIN, TUESDAY 3oON-Wa. GOVEMNM - ATROAGE. A very lucrative piece of patronage has just been placed at the disposal of the Government by the demise of Sir EdFard Tierney, Bart., which took place yesterday afternoon at his house in Dublin. The deceased held fornianyyears the officeof Crown Solicitor for the North-West Circnit, comprising six counties, the emoblurents pertaining to which are little short of 3,000l. per annum. The office is virtually in the gift of the Attorney-General. Sir Edward Tierney was the second baronet, having succeeded his brother, Sir 3atthew Tierney, one of the physiciaris of George IV., and who died without sssue. The deceased was enormously wealthy, his estates in the county of Cork and elsewhere bJeing, it is said, of the value of 16,000l. a-year. iHe is succeeded in his title and estates by his only son, who until very recently held the rank of captain and lieutenant.coloneV in the Coldstream Guards, in which corps he served during the earlier part of the war in the Crimea. Sir Edward's only other child is a daughter, mnaried, and residing in England. The late baronet attended in his professional capacity the Special Commission at Cavan, where he caught a severe cold, which ended in bronchitis, from the effects of which he never wholly rallied. The office of Clerk of Assigns, in the Rolls' Court, is also vacant, by the death of Sir Edward Tierney. TE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 91i Jl ditto, for account, June 9, 42,i; New Three per Cent. 9tock, 91 j- 7 ditto, for accoant, June 9, 9liBanl; Stock, 223i; ARiernian Bank, 31i4; Nation'ai Bank, 32. Iailways.-o)ubhin and Drogbeda, new thirds, for account, 21.'- Great Southern and Western, Sit; ditto. Eighths, Oper cent,. p re}erence, 7A; ditto, paid in full, 18$; MIidland GreatWestern and RToyal Canal, for account, 5O2 51.
THE ALLIES AT CONS2ANAIyOPLE. General Espinasse, on his way from the Crimea to France, visited GeneralStorks atScutari tothankhim forthe servicesofthe English militarymedical officersat the French fever hospitals. The following order and letters have been the result of the voluntary services of these officers in the French hospitals at Constantinople - "DISTrICT ORDERS. "Head-quarters, Scutari, April 26. "The Major-General comumandint has, with much satisfaction, received a letter from General Parisel, comnandin,g the Frexch troops at Constantinople, expressing the thanks of the French anthorities for the very valuable services rendered by the medical officers detached to assist ir. the French hospitals, and the sense entertained of the idndness and attention they have bestowed upon the del, and wounded French soldieri.up " By order, "O. W. Sr. CLA.;6 Captain, Deputy Assistant Adjutant- GXeneral.' "Principal Medical Odicer's-office, Scutari, April 23. " Sir,-I have herewith the honour to forward copies of letters received from General Parisel, commanding the rexnch, and General Storks, commanding the English troops on the Bosphoras, expressing gratitude for the care and zeal bestowed by you on the French sick during the prevalence of a severe epidemic of fever in their hospitals at Bera. " It becomes my pleasing duty,-in conveying these letters to you, to thank you, which I do very sincerely, for the prompt and ready manner in which you volunteered your ,ervices for the performance of this important duty. "I have the honour to be, Sir, your most obedient servant, W. LT-Tox, M.D., Inspector-General." Addressed, separately, to First-class Staff-Surgeon, Dr. Hunter; First-class Staff-Surgeon F. Roberts; Surgeon, Dr. Rendall, 4th Light Dragoons; Surgeon Hoome, 13th Light Dragoons; Surgeon IJeFellyn, Scots Greys; Staff Assistant-orgeon, Rt. G. Dickson; Drs. Baxter and Mereyth, Osmanli Artillery; and. Drs. Bryce and Pinkoff, Civil eSurgeons. h "Read-quarters, Scutari, April 22. Sir,-I have the honour to transmit to you the enclosed copy of a letter addressed to me by General Parisel, commanding the French troops at Constantinople, expressing his sense of gratitude for the care and zeal bestowed upon the French sick by the British medical officers who have been detached for duty to the French hospitals; and I have to request that you will be good enough to communicate the contents of General Parisel's letter to the medical officers in question. "I I have the honour to be, Sir, your most obedient humble servant, " H. B. STO'rnS, Major-General. "M. W. Linton, M.D., C.B., Inspector-General of Hospitals." "Constantinople le 20 Avril. "MIonGdnral,-J'apprends queoquelques-nnsdesm6decins que vous avez bien voulu mettre ).ma disposition sont rappeles en Angleterro; permettez-moi de prier votre Excellencevd leur exprimer toute ma reconnaissance pour Ie soin le zele, et, je dirai meme, l'affection qu'ils oat montr6s a l'cgard do nos malades. Cette crnelle 6pidemie, dent les progres avaient et6 .i rapides des lea ddbuts de son invasion, a enfin diminud d'une maniere si notable quo neus esp6rons en voir bientot le terme. Ie nonmbre des autres malades etant beaucoup moindre actuellement, une rande partie de notre personnel de sant6 est devenue disponible, ce qui me fait nn devoir de ne pas attondre plns lonetemps pou remettre a la disposition de votro Excellence lea m6decins qu ont bien voulu nous preter leur concours, et aupres desquels ie la prie d'ctre en cette circonstance linterprete de mes sentiments de profonde gratitude. "Quant A vous, mon GGn6ral, quiL vous etes montr6 si empresse a sious venir en aide, veinuez agr6er la noavelle assurance de mon respectueux d6vouement. "Le G6r6ral de Brigade commandant militaire, "i PASL. "A son Excellence M. le G6n6ral Storls, CoTmmandant sup6rieur des troupes de Sa MajestE Britannmque a Scuttaii." "I certify that the above is a true copy " By order, "C. H. DcIC;SONt , " Chief Interpreter and Private Secretary."
LOSSES IiV THE CBIMEA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In moving that the thankls of the House of Lords should be given to the army and navy for their services during the late war, Lord Panmure is reported to have said that the total number of British soldiers killed in action from the commencement to the conclusion of hostilities was 153 officers and 1,775 men, or 1,923 in all. From a return now lyingbefore me, madebythe AdjutantGeneral to the House of Commons (No. 204, Sesion 1855), it appears that up to the 15th of March, 1855, the numbers killed were 91 officers and 1,269 non-commissioned officers and Tank and file. In the attack upon the quarries (June 7)11 officers and 106 men were killed. In the unsuccessful attack on the Redan (June 18), 21 cificers and 230 men. In the final attack on the same fort (September 8), 28 officers and 356 men; making a total of 151 officers and 1,961 men, or 2,112 killed, exclusive of the casualties in the trenches for a period of nearly six months, from the 15th of March to the 8th of September. It is quite clear, therefore, that Lord Panmure's statement is inaccurate, and falls far short of the actual numbers lIlled. In a paper "On the Mortality arising from Military Operations," read before the Statistical Society on the 21st nlt., an abstract of the returns of kdlled and wounded in the British army in the Crimea, up to the capture of Sebastopol, is given. The following is the result stated:- Officers. eu. TotaL Kiled ... . .. 173 2,507 2,680 Wounded ... 568 10,632 11,200 741 13,139 13,880 This is exclusive of the casualties in the Naval Brigade. One of. your correspondents, whose letter, under the signature of "M. S.," appeared in your paper in October last, estimated the ilLed and wounded at 13,849-a total differing ver- slightly from the above. Facts were adduced in the paper mentioned to show that, previously to the recent war, the average of deaths from wounds among those returned as wounded was 1 in 12 for the offlcers, and 1 in S for the common men, the mortality among wounded men being 50 per cent. greater than among wounded officers; and an attempt was made from these data to estimate the actual mortality -ow casualties in action during the war in the Crimea. Atotal deaths were supposed to be 223 officers and 3,97? .en, giving 49 deaths among wounded officers, and 1,466 a ong wounded men. It was mentioned, however, as greatly to be feared, that from the deplorable state of the hospitals the deaths among the wounded mon in the Crimea would exceed this estimate, and the prognostic appears to have been correct, although not to such an extent asmaight be supposed. According to the report, Lord Panmure said that, up to the 28th of September, 1855, 51 wounded officers and 1,548 wounded men had died of their wounds, and these numbers do not greatly exceed those above given ; but Lord Panmure also stated that, up to the 31st of March last, 322 men died from wounds or disease. The proportion dying from the - former is not given, but it was probably smalL. In reference to this point it zaust be borne in mnind that many wounded men died from diseases contracted in the hospitals, which they would probably never have entered but for their wounds, and these men are returned as having died from disease. It is hardly possible that perfect acenracy in statiskioal statements can be attained in the reports of Parliamentary peeches, and the great uncertainty and thenumerous errors prevalent upon thiese subjects show how important itis we should have a soundand complete system tof naval antd mili. L I have the honour to be, Sir, Your obedient servant. W, B. ll, I London, blay 1Z.
.- MILITARY BIOTS AT MALTA. - (FROM o0r1 OWN COBmJ:OjDzXh.) .ALA-LTA, MA4Y 8. It will be im the recollection of your readers that, shortil after the arrival of the Anglo-Italian Legion, some one or two of the soldiers were brought before the police and condemned to imprisownent for uttering blasphemous language in the streets, and lately there was a case of unprovoked assault upon a friar of the CarnmeEte order. Unhappily, however, the conduct of these troops has, during the past few days, been the cause of great alarm to the population and. the local authorities; and yesterday and the day preceding the tragic scenes of the streets of Parma have been enacted in broad daylight in the streets of La Valetta, in the l6wer pat of which city, on the 5th of May, a soldier of the 3d Italian Regiment stabbed a comrade -witlt a stiletto while aiming a blow at a police-constable, who, having reoeived information of tne n 's having this weapon concealedi on his person from a woman whom he had just previously threatened, -as quietly endeavouring to induceB him to go with him to the station-house. The constable stepped aside, and the blow of the assassin fell 'ox his own comrade, who was carried dying to the hospital. The mriscreant was immediately arrested. On the eveningof the Gth, towads suset, anumber of soldiers of the Legion-some say full 100-encouraged by the presence of severalnon-commissioned officers, appea-red inthe streets of the city, singing songs ofliberty, dmeaning themselves in a riotous and disorderly manner, using languige insulting and menacing to the natives. On reaching the chief police-station in the Palace of Justice in Strada Reale, the inspeetor, 3Mr. Caruana, fearing that & conflict might ensue, exhorted the crowd of Maltese coUecting round the military to disperse, nd was quietly leading these latter from the main street in the direction of their barracks at Fort Manoel and the Lar,aretto, 'when, all of a sudden, under the windows in Strada Santa Lucia of the Imperial Hotel, thee Italian soldiers made a rush at the people with their Mnsheathed bayonets, and some men drew from under their tunics stilet. At this moment Mr. Caruana was seen to put his hand to his back, and to run in the directionfo the main gard for the purpose of getting a-istance, whent he fell to the ground, and on being lifted blood was found issuingfrom nolessthanfor mortal wounds, and withina few minutes after he expiredin thepolice-office. Themiscreants Iledin thepanic audoonfusionwhichprevaned, dealingblows on several unoffending persons who happened to be in ther streets as they passed, and seriously maimed the boatmeni who pulled them across the harbour to their barracks in the Lezzarretto and Fort Hanoel, where, on the following moraing, the regiment being drawn up, LieutenantColonel1u3naby, commanding the Legion, addressed them on the enormity of the crime committed on the preceding evening, and expressed an earnest hope that, as the assassin could not but be known to many of his com-. rades, they would give him up to justice. This addresswas received by the offioers with the waving of their swords and by the soldiers with three cheers; but up to this moment the murderer remains unmknown to the authorities, though it is said that two English soldiers, who saw the blow struck, declre that they had sufficiently remarked his features to be able to identify him. Scarcely had this address been miade than a canteen-keeper in the barracks, on asking payment of a soldier for some provisions, received in reply the thrusb of a stiletto, with "Take this; for this is the coiM with which the Italian pays his debts." Lacldly the man behind the canteen counter drew bacl, and the wound inflicted was not a deep one. Another canteen-keeper had' previously got his head broken. On the afternoon of the 7th, one of the band getting int. an altercation at the Marina with a native, drew a stilettoJ which was wrested from his grasp by a British naval offlicer passing by,-not, however, without this latter cutting his hand. On the same afternoon, at about 130, other disturbances between the Italians and the Maltese took p1a6M in diflerent parts of the city, and in one of them an Italiam officer had the imprudence to draw his sword, which drew upon him a showerof stonesthatinjured himin the head. On hearing of these acts, the men in barracks vowed vengeanCer took to the ferryboats, crossed over, and made an attempt to pass into Valletta, through the Marsamuscetto-gate, where, under orders from Sir John Pennefather, the General Commanding, a small party of British artiller)rneu broghti them to a halt with the point of the bayonet, and later the drawbridge was lifted, strong piclkets sent round the town, the guards were doubled, extra sentries posted, and 200 English infantry despatehed towards the su%burbs of Floriana and the Porta Bormbe, to protect, against any attempt of the Italians to enter at the Porta Reale. Englsh artillerymen were placed in charge of the guns at Fort -manoel, whence the stock of anmmunition has been removed, and in the evening Her Majests screw line-of-battle ship the Hannibal, having on board Reaxr Admiral Sir Houston Stewart, was towed round by the Spiteful steamer into Marsamuscetto harbour, and anchored in such a position as to command the Fort Manoel barracls and the Italian encampment along the shoro opposite Slierna. The whole of the afternoon most of the town shops were kept closed, and mnuch alarm continues to prevail. The' indignation of the populace has been considerably excited against the Italians by the admission of the public to see the mangled remains of the inspector, who has left a widow and seven children, for whom a subscription is on foot. It is to be hoped that no time will be lost in removing the Legion from the island, before any more serious consequLences accrme.
THE PUBLIC HEALTH. (From the ReIisttrar-Geneial's RenorU.i Since the middle of April, when in an improved state oE the temperature the deaths in London were reduced to Iittlie more than 1,040 in a week, the mortality has shown some tendency to increase. Last week the deaths rose to 1,15, the effect probably of atmospheric change, the mean weekly temperature, which had risen to 48-5 deg., having afterwards fallen to 41-3 deg. In the 10 weeks corresponding to last week of the years 184G-55 the -average number of deaths was 1,009, which, if raised proportionally to increase of population becomes 1,110. :Eence it appears that the rate of mortality last week- was above the average. This return exhibits an increase in the deaths on those of previous weeks at al periods of life except the third, namely, that which extends from 40to 60 years of age. Those which occurred to persons under 20 years amount to 567, being not much less than half of the total number returned. Thirtynine persons had arrived at 80 years or more; and of these 8 werenonagenarians. Aman, one of theDulwichcollegi%ns, was 93 years old; a widow in the workhouse of St. Georgein-the-East was 95 years; the widow of a labourer at Patney was 97 years; the wiaow of a farmer, who died in Kennedy. court, St. Giles, was 98 years; and a spinster at East Dulvich-road had attained the great age of 99 years. It is stated respecting the person last mentioneo that she ratained her sight and hearing till within two months oE her death, and that she has two sisters now living in Ireland whose respective ages are 93 and 96 years. The deaths caused by typhus and common ferer wVe- 48, a number which is less than that in any of the thrae previous weeks. On the other hand, hooping-cough from which there were 48 (besides 14 from croup), and scarletina from which there were 35, discover an increase. Fiva infants and an adult died from syphilitic disease. Fiva women died of puerperal fever, besides 7 who sunDk under other illness accompanying childbirth. Phthisis was fatal ta 173 persons. The deaths of7 men in the Royal Artillery, which occurred in the Royal Ordnance Hospital betweet the 19th of April and the 7th of Bay, were caused by this disease, consumption. Last week the births of 886 boys and 815 girls, in all 1,701 children, were registered in London. In the 10 corresponding weeks of the years 1846-55 the average number was 1,52L At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean height of the barometer in the week was 299795 in. ; the mean on Friday was 30-015 in. The highest reading occurred on that day, and was 30,0 in. The mean temperatur was higher than in the preceding week ; it was. 44-3 deg., which is 7.7 deg. below the average of the s-ae week in 38 years (as determined by llr. Glaisher). The mean daily temperature rose slightly above the aversge on Saturday, but on all the previons six days it wa much below the average, the extent of depression having varied from 7 deg. to 11 deg. On Saturday thethermometer in the 5hade sose to 68-3 deg., the highest reading in the week ; on the same day, in the sun. it rose to 90-1 deg. The lowest reading in the shade in the week was 29 8 deg. on Monday, and the entire range 3as consequently 3' 5 deg. The mean dew-point temperatura s 369 deg., and the difference between this and the neaii temperature of the air was 7-4 deg. mean temperature of the water of the Tbames was 49 deg. The wind was in the north-east and east till Wedneaday afternoon; thereafter it blew constantly from the north. The amount of horizontal movement of the air on Wednesday. was 30( mies; and the pressure on the sauue foot, as measured by Osler's anemometer, was 101b. Rain to the amount oE O.MinU fell on the same day. BE. WooDu.-This gentleman, whose power of attraction seems undiminished, celebrated 'Vhit-2endaY by several additions to his Olio qf Odditics,, The most Fomlnent of these-was a new son%, entitled " Off bytbetrain," i^i which he assumed a long senes of perzonagec connected With railway travelling, both as travelle and officials, changing hisface, figure, and -ce with Xa rapidity that wvas tu2y Ns'onishing, even {n toseo w;ho a~re well acquainted writh hia versatile talent. This sang, with its characteristic appnrte. lpa've, is perhiaps the greatest feat he hss et avcomphabhe
IONDON, WEDNESDAY, IAY 14,186. So Exeter-hall has triumphed, and the working population of this metropolis is driven back to the Publichouse. The PRimATE and Mr. BAINES, with their well-organized army of Sabbatarians, have silenced the bands, cleared the Parks, and set the tap once more flowing. Their zeal has its reward. Among the many precious things that are thrown away in this world-thin,gs sweet and unsweetthere is nothing of which there is so little thrift as religious zeal. In this metropolis, and everywhere else, we dare say, morality and religion are urged -with a force which, were it only, so to speak, well engineered, would make this another paradise. Unlucldly, it runs to waste like a mountain torrent or a marsh; and you have it either foaming with impetuous self-will or fermenting in idleness. This bad economy of virtue begins very low, where some would hardly think it existed at all. Go into any lane or court of this city, and the whole day long you hear mothers screaming the filial duties into their clhldren, bawling obedience, inculcating quiet at the full pitch of their throats, recoinmending order with frantic gestures, and peace with blows. At another time you will find virtuous dames enforcing upon one another I the Ten Commandments in the copious dialect of calumny and sneer. But it is the same everywhere. Wisdom cries in our streets. Fowiiter in vwdo is everywhere the motto of virtue in these I days. What magistrates, what gaols, what punishments, what enormous expense in a State which maintains as a fundamental maxim that for every gdod purpose "Heaven's first law" is. to let people alone ! Our preachers somehow don't getj the poor to church, but then they give it them I well for not coming. Would they only come, they i would hear a good account of themselves. In fact, religion is no longer a thing of grace, a home for the broken-hearted, a deliverance for the captives, or any of those sweet things it was once reported to be; it is all yelling and howling, abusing, stigmatizing, denouncinog, anathematizing, sending men the wrong way all round, and for every imaginable reason. On the first provocation you have your cantankerous agitators, with their armies of signatures and three whole columns of pioIIs grimace, screeching against the poor creatures who try to refresh themselves somewhat less coarsely than usual. What a start the world would make for the better if but a hundredth part of all this energy were employed in raising the fallen, in strengthening the weak, in soothing the afflicted, or in doing some sort of positive good, instead of these perpetual prohibitions shouted in the ears of people whoso whole life is one of privation and sorrow! But that is pretty nearly all that most religionists and moralists can do. They can attend a meeting and hear one speech more stupid and harsh than another; they can sign a petition in a dozen places, if necessary; but they cannot do good to a single soul, nor supply anything better in place of all the ordinary sources of recreation they are so industriously withholding. Let us take the fact as it stands, or as it stood on Sunday last, and as admitted by aU sides. About eighty thousand persons went to hear the band in Kensington-gardens; as many, or more, in Regent's Park; and as many in Victoria Park. The great bulk of these were decent-looking people of the humbler classes, who came out to enjoy the fresh air and listen to music of the slow and solemn character. That a quarter of a million of people were all of them as holy, as pure, as beneNolent, as Wise, and as good as Mr. EDWARD BRzzs, would perhaps be an overestimate of metropolitan piety; at the same time we must say that Mr. BAINiEs has no right to describe them as consiting in great part " of vicious persons of " both sexes, who came to seduce the young and " unsuspecting." We do not see why apparel proper for the day is to be described as " Sunday " finery," or why the wearers bring themselves into circumstances of extreme peril by standing for half an hour to listen to music among others also in their Sunday's best. M3r. BAINEs is pleased to consider the crowd to consist solely of seducers and those who are only waiting to be seduced; but we deny the fact that every one who listens to a military band is " lost to the sanctuary." Indeed, we know most excellent and even scrupulous people who on the continent, out of the reach of British twaddle and British hypocrisy, go as a matter of course to the parade or the gardens, where the poor benighted Papists and the Protestants, equally dark, it appears, walk up and down and hear military bands. They are not lost to the sanctuary, even though by force of habit they prefer themselves the English mode,-when they are in England. As to the music, Mr. BAnxS may possibly be of a very susceptible nature. Very likely "the strains of martial music" may in his case "cause the pulse to bound, and fire the " imagination," in a manner " wholly out of "accordance with the sacred repose of the "Sabbath." But we should think that the effect of a military march on most minds is not very different from that of an anthem, or even an ordinary psalm tune. It is notorious that the effect of music is generally much in accordance with the usual bent of the hearer. It is a species of stimulus which sets his imagination at work in its customary train; and, no matter whether it is a hymn or one of nADEe's choruses, or an overture, or any slow movement from an opera, it simply gives a brighter hue, a warmer sentiment, and a quicker circulation to his ideas. Vhen this sensation is enjoyed, with leisure and rest, on the green sward, in the sight of green trees, water, blue sky, and Heaven, it is at least much more likely to conjure up pure recollections and healthy associations than when it is experienced in the suburban concert-room, with the addition, imposed by the law, of spirituous liquors. The question is one of simple expediency. Of course, there are plenty of people ready to catch at our use of the word, and consign us somewhere without a moment's delay. We mean that it is a question of expediency, in the same sense as when one decides whether to have a girl taught music at all; or, if any, whether any besides religious music. No law, human or divine, can be shown against listening to music of a soothing, refining, and elevating character on the Lorm's-day. We have no occasion to discuss whether a man may lawfully Listen -to a waltz or a popular air on that day,for the music in question is of the slow, solemn sort. Taking, then, the sort of people that dress in " their Sunday finery," as Mr. BAIES expresses it, and gather round the band, we have only to ask whether it is a gain or a loss that they are found there. We do not hesitate one instant to decide that it is an immense g,ain. On this point we fully believe the evidence of a clergyman who went to see for himself, and who says that of the vast crowd he witnessed in Kensington-gardens on Sunday last "full T0 out of every 100 were " such as would be found in places where "they ought not to be, were it not for the "innocent recreation thus afforded them." No doubt, he means that they would be in the socalled teagardens or the less disguised gin palaces, wholy beyond the influence of superior minds. Assuming this estimate, here were fifty or sixty thousand persons round one band alone, listenring to solemn music, just as sacred, in fact, as an ordinary chorus out of an oratorio, under the soothing and. purnying mnluences ot nature, Withlout any other stimulus, who would have been at the bar or in the gardens of a publichouse simply stupefying themselves. This we call a gain, and, a very great gain, unless it be gain, as some people appear to think, to give everybody who is going the wrong way an additional shove, or at least let him go if he likes. Mr. B13-s, perhaps, will say they ouglht to have been in a place of worship, singing a psalm or listening to a sermon. That, however, is not the question,-first, because they would not have been doing that, even if they had not been in Kensington-gardens; secondly, because it was quite possible to attend two services, hear two sermons, join in six psalms and hymns, and listen for a couple of hours to the band in the Gardens as well. The question lies between listening to a military band in a park and the pure sottishnessjin which the great mass of the London population spend the Sunday. On that question we have ourselves no doubt. The extension of the Windsor practice to this metropolis was not meant for those who have, better opportunlities of Sunday repose. Of course, we should ourselves prefer other modes of spending the leisure hours of Sunday. We Ahould prefer walks in green lanes, .in deep woods, by running streams, and through flowery meadows. We might prefer even v, visit to the Sunday school, or a stroll through the village green. For music out of ehurch we mig,ht prefer HANDEL, or Moz.&r, or PERGOLESI, or BEETHOVEN, well performed by an accomplished and feeling pianist. But this is not the present question, nor is it our case that Lord PALmmERsrON has had to decide upon. It is the case of the London multitude, almost outcasts from religion, knowledge, taste, and all purer and higher sentiments. In their case it was a gain that they could be brought to listen to solemn msic in ourI parks on a Sunday afternoon; and we much regret that the gain has been wrested from them.
We announced some time since the fact that the j Sardinian Plenipotentiaries at Paris had invited the attention of the allies to the state of Italy, and that, not content with general expressions in favour of a better government, they had proposed a definite course of action, which was said to be viewed with no disfavour by the WVestern Powers. The first step to any improvement of Italy must be, according to the Sardinians, an interference to check the misgovernment of the Papal States, and, as alternately the effect and cause of such misgovernment has been the occupation of Italian territory by foreign troops, it was the duty of the Conference to devise means for bringing to a close the military rule which has now for so many yearstaken theplace of municipal lawthroughoLit a large portion of the Italian Peninsula. The Note presented by the Sardinian Plenipotentiaries to the Ministers of France and England on the 27th of March is now made public, and the world may judge in detail the plan for the secularization of the Papal Legations, which is the first article in the Sardinian programme. The history of these I provinces during the last 60 years is well known, | and is the natural result of their geographical position. Before the French Revolution their people, amid the decline of Italy and the ceneral want of vitality in Europe, preserved something of the spirit which a better age had nourished. In no part of Italy was there more independence of clerical control or a greater appreciation of the liberty of action and conscience which then began to be discussed in Europe. Although part of the patrimony of the Church, they enjoyed their own privilege of internal adnministra. tion, their own franchises as a legitimately go- | verned province, and looked down with something i like contempt on the populace of Rome or Naples, who were at the mercy of priests or women. The Sardinian Note reminds the alies how, even at that time, the army of BONAPARTE was received with enthusiasm, and that the Legations, as part of the Republic and Kingdom of Italy, were faith-. Eul to French rule for a period of more than 20 years. The new French code, the dissolution of numerous monasteries, the construction of roads, and the encouragement of commerce, science, and! art, developed the resources of the country, in spite of great and unceasing wars. But NAFOLEON fell, and the Legations were once more without a master. Such a prize was naturally coveted by ! the empire which had with such obstinacy, through i 20 years of defeat, contended against the power of the French ruler. The other Cabinets were unwilling to grant to Austria such an extension of territory. The Court of Rome, with character-. istic skill, took advantage of the mutual jealousy. After the battle of Waterloo the Legations were formally re-annexed to the Papal State. But the politicians of Vienna were not men to respect the rights of a weak province. In oldc Europe there was a number of small communities preserving from earlier times a free government, under the sanction of public law andc treaties, which even the greatest Sovereigns were forced to respect. All these had been swept away, and the Congress were determined never to restore them. The Republics of the Netherlands, of Venice, of Genoa, were given up to the purest and most unlimited monarchical rule, many a free city in Germany was incorporated with the dominions of the repossessed kings, and the Legations were now made Papal as Rome itself. In some parts of Europe, as the Rhenish and Belgian provinces, the Code, Napoleon? was permitted to retain its place; bult no such weakness was to be expected of Roman priests, supported, as they soon became conscious, by Austrian bayonets. Law, commerce, even domestic freedom, soon vanished, and were succeeded by priestly rule, spiritual rescripts, spies, arrests, tumults, and finallyby anAustrianoccupation. Since the restitution of these provinces to Rome 40 years have elapsed. In this period the Austrian; have held military possession of the coUntry no less than 24 years. Three times the sovereignty of the PoPE has been repudiated by his subjects. Three times the insurrection has been put down amid a deluge of blood, and for years after the country has borne all the ills that a foreign in-. vasion brings with it. The last occupation began in 1849, and still continues. So deplorable was the condition of the Legations 10 years since that Pus IX., who had been Bishop of Imola, found it necessary at his accession to attempt some reforms. But the revolutions of 1848 dispersed for ever any liberal idceas which the weak prelate had ever conceived. The successes of RADnTzxY and the general ebb of the revolutionary tide brought the Austrians across the Po, and for seven years they have lived at free quarters in the unhappy province. Mluch is said about the progress of humanity, but there still seem parts of Europe where there is not only a relative, but an absolute retrogression. The condition of the Legations causes their inhabitants to look with envy on ages which are past and gone. No excess of insolence towaris -Italians will call down any punishment on an Austrian officer from his superiors. No claim of jistice insures the redress of an Italian's wrongs when his opponent is an Austrian who has influence with the commandant of the district. The regilar functionaries-generally priests or-their nominees-are bad enough, but even their slow and inefficient administration is further hindered by the fear of offending the imperious foreigner, who can put down and set up officials at his pleasure. But from the wrongs of a race we may pass to the general interests of Europe. The Papal States are occupied by the armies of two great Powers. As the Sar- dinian Plenipotentiaries observe, "France replied " to the second Austrian intervention by the occu"pation of Ancona, to the third by the taking "of Rome." Foreign interference by force of arms tends to become the habitual state of things. A Peninsula the neutrality and independence of which has been thought necessary to the safety of Europe is the field on which two empires which have been enemies and must always be rivals display their mutual distrust. It is for the interest of all that this unhappy complication should end, and, to do the French Govermment justice there seems to be no objection on its part to the change. Sardinia therefore adopts as its text an expression of the French EmPEPROR, who, in writing of the Papal States, proposed as the solution of the problem, " Secularization and the Code .ATapole-n." "But," say the Plenipotentiaries, "it is evident " that the Court of Rtome will oppose to the last "extremity, and wvith all the means in its power, "the execution of these two designs." The Sardinians speak of the head of their Church pretty much in the terms wvhich English writers apply to Turkey and its effete Governmment. " Rome," they say, "w well knows }row to accommodate itself by " accepting civil and even political reforms, sure of " rendering them illusory in practice." So convincel is Sardinia of Papal obstinacy and cunning that it does not even suggest the secularization of Rome and the surrounding country. "The Codc Na" po7me introduced into Rome itself, where the "edifice of the Pops's temporal government has "its foundations, would cause it to fall, by cutting "away its principal support-clerical privileges "and canonical law." For the present, then, Europe must be content to see reforms introduced " into those parts that show themselves "less resigned to the clerical yoke, which is a "burning torch of insolence and corruption, which "is'a pretext for the permanent occupation of " the Austrians, excites diplomatic complications, " and disturbs the peace of Eiurope." If Rome is to remain as she is, at least her outlying provinces are fit for, and would welcome, a change. It only remains to mention the details of the Sardiuian scheme, which seems likely to give satisfaction to the inhabitants of the Legations, without running the risk of any disturbance to Europe. The advocates of the past may be glad to find that the new plan proposes a return, with some modifications, to the systenm which was in force before the great revolution of 1789. It is proposed that the provinces of the Roman States situated between the Po, the Adriatic, and the Apennines (from the province of Ancona to that of Ferrara), shall be completely secularized for all purposes of internal government, though remaining subject to the high dominion of the Papal See; the administrative organization to be established as it was in the reign of NAPoLEoS I., before 1814; the Code Napolean to be promulgated, with the requiste modifications. A lay pontifical vicar is to govern the province, with Ministers and a Council of State; the provinces will contribute their fair pronortion to the maintenance of the Court of Rome and the service of the public debt; a native arny will be raised by conscription; and, besides the communal and provincial councils, a general council will be formed for the examination and regulation of accounts. Finally, all Austrian soldiers will leave the country, and be succeeded by the French troops now at Rome, but only until such time as the native army shall have been fully formed. Such is the plan which, after mature consideration and much experience of similar evils, the Government of Sardinia has recommended to the allies, wlhom it has served faithfully in a great war. We feel that few words are necessary to recommend it to the great body of our countrymen, who have watched for so many years the calamities of a beautiful land and a highly-gifted people. The Governments of the two countries will, we are sure, not fail to give their earnest attention to all that the Sardinian document urges, and thus they will merit and receive the approbation of their own people and of the world at large.
The proclamation of an European peace-the discussion of its conditions-the gallantry of General WILLIAms-the thanks of Parliament .to the Army and Navy-have distracted public attention from a subject to which it will now have leisure to recur. The American blue-book upon our enistment of recruits in the United States, from which we have already made extracts, gives the full history of a dispute which we hope will turn out rather curious than serious; and its perusal, we think, will leave but one impression on all candid readers both in this country and the United States. We now wish to direct the attention of our readers to one or two salient points in tlhe correspondence, which it will be necessary to bear in mind. First, it should be remembered that the intention of raising a foreign force was not and could not be a secret to the United States' Government. It had formed the subject of a Parliamentary debate in England, and was incorporated into a Parliamentary enactment. It was therefore competent for the United States' Government to broach the subject to the English Minister at Washington, to express the feeling of the people or tlle PREsiDnrNr, and to remonstrate by anticipation against any proceeding in conformity with the English Act. This does not appear to have been done. But, though no fears and no protestations were expressed by the American Government, caution was both enjoined and exhibited by the British Government. When the crowds of adventurers-many of them immigrants into the States, and neither native nor naturalized subjects-not only of the Anglo-Saxon race, but Germans, Danes, Poles, and Italians, besieged Mr. CRAMPTON with tenders of service, that gentleman, in conformity to Lord CLARENDoN's emphatic iniunctions, consented to receive them only in such a manner as should be consistent with the laws of the United States. A similar injunction was laid on the Governor of Nova Scotia by the Secretary for the Colonies. While recruiting on the territory of the United States was understood to be illegal, it was consideredthatthe recruiting of foreigners, even though temporary residents in the States, might be legal on the soil of a neigihbouring British colony. But, while the plan for reconciling the exigencies of Great Britain on the one side and the aspirations of the volunteers on the other with the law of the land was in contemplation, some persons, carried away either by their zeal in a cause which had many partisans, or by a desire to turn the occasion to profit, or to compromise the British Minister with the Washington Cabinet, circulated handbills and posted placards advertising certain places inNew York as recruiting depots sanctioned by the British Government. Mr. CNrRroNx lost no time in disavowing all complicity with, and all knowledge of, these persons and places. With this disavowal Mr. MARCY expressed himself entirely satisfied. At the same time, Mr. CRA2NIoN, anxious to further the Imperial objects and to respect the laws of the States, informed Mr. IYUcY that several persons residing in the States wished to enter into the British service, but that he had always replied to their applications that he could not treat with them in that territory; and, if they persisted in their intentions, they must go to some British colony. To this Mr. MARCY gave the noticeable and important answer which we have already quoted, that " any number of persons who desired it " might leave the United States and get enlisted " in the British or any other army." This answer of Mr. MIaRcY guided Mr. Cx,rrToN, guided Mr. LmIT , and guided the British Consuls in their dealings with the swarms of volunteer agents who assailed them with their offers. The general reply might have been stereotyped thus :-" We cannot treat with you I" here, because it- is against the law of this j" country. We cannot pay yoiur passage or hire C "your men to go to a British colony, because that, "too, would be against the law. But doubtless "the British authorities in the cQlonies will be glad to accept there the services of willing "soldiers." Was not this in rigorous conformity with the spirit and intent of the United States' laws and MIr. IARCY'S dictum ? Subsequently Mr. M.ioxy repeated to Mr. LustI LEY the precise words which he had used towards |Mr. Cr.AMirrox. There can, therefore, be no doubt that at this time (March, 1855) the United I States' Government confined its objections to the act of enlisting within the States, or of making a contract within the States for the purpose of enlisting abroad. Meanwhile that wh1th, under tlle circumstances, was most likey to occur, did occur. Unanthorisid agents pretended an authority from the British Government and opened depots or advertised terms for the enlistment of recruits at New York and other towns of the States. Upon this Mr. BucwvA^;s addressed a note of remonstrance to Lord CrAmvDON. ln this note the American Minister couples with these unauthorized agencies a notice from the local Government of Nova Scotia, promising payment of passage-money to such shipmasters as brought into that colony " poor persons willing to " serve HnFn :&AMEsTr." M r. BucnANA2es inuendo, of course, is that the agents were employedi by the British Government, and acted in concert with the Government of Nova Scotia. Lord CLARm-n-oN's reply expresses a courteous regret at any infraction of the United States' laws on the part of supposed agents, whose authority he disavows, at the same time properly maintaining the right of the British Government to publish in a British province the terms on which foreigners might be admitted into the British service. Lord CxsARDON- termninates this despatch by announcing the determination of our Government to put an end to all enlistment in North America, in order to guard against any "real or apparent infringement "of the United States law." This most handsome concession Mr. BuOnANS, on the 18th of July, expressed " great satisfaction!' in transmitting to Washington, and it must be admitted that he could hardly have said less. Throughout all these transactions there has been the most precise scrupulosity on the part of Mr. CxmrPToN and the Consuls, Lord C .,n-Do and the Home Government, in discouraging and disclaiming any attempt to recruit soldiers on the soil of the United States; and this final concession of Lord CLAM. ON, by which the QuENr's Government consents, out of deference to that of the United States, to yield the obvious and incontestable right of maldng Lnown on any part of the American continent the terms of enlistment in the British army, and the mode of carrying them out in a British province,pushes the principle of comity to a degree which we believe no one nation ever yet showed to or expected from any other, except where the one pretended to be a paramount and the other confessed to being a subject nation. Now we come to the most extraordinary part of these proceedings. In the month of September-two months after the transmission of Lord CLA&xxNDoNi's most conciliatory despatch-Mr. MAncY addresses to Mr. Cr.AU=oN. a despatch charging him and other British officers, both in the Republic and British colonies, not only with a breach of the municipal law, but with a -violation of the sovereign rights of the States, by countenancing the enlistment of subjects and sojourners in the States. As Mr. IABxo harps upon this distinction, it is worth while to ask what it means. To us it appears rather like nonsense. Where an offence IS defined by the written law it is needless to Iecur to the unwritten for illustration or for cumulation. No one doubts that every independent State has the right to prevent that which compromises its neutrality-viz., the enlistinent of its citizens or its residents in a foreign army. It may insist upon this by specific treaty with other nations. It may make it the subject of a municipal law. But, when it has once done either of these, we do not see how it can also fall back -upon tie abstractions of an unwritten code. It has already made its municipal law the exponent of its national rights, and the standard of the penalty to be pronounced against the infringement of those lights; and it is to the municipal law that every sensible man will look for a definition of the offence and an exposition of the penalty, and it was the municipal lawv which Lord CAnmDowhad been so anxious to respect. But, not content with this view of the case, Mr. Mtrtcy extends, by false translations, the purport of the dictawhich he quotes on the subject under discussion, attributing the same degree of criminality to the " raisin3g' of soldiers, or to " inducements to "go and enlist," which the greatwriters on national law attach to the abduction or enlistment of soldiers fro?m or in aneutral State ;-this, too, be it observed, at a time when the vast majority of offers made to the British Minister were entirely voluntary, and when no small number of American citizens were actually engaged in the Russian service ! The only interpretation which Mr. Mmcs dictum will bear is, that REa B AJESmr's servants had no right to announce on any part of the American continent, even in HE- MBITsEsys colomnes, any proposal for raising soldiers forher army. Imagine any Eiuropean State imposing similar conditions or exacting similar concessions from its neighbours ! Of the prosecutions to which Mr. MRca refers, and on which he grounds his complaints, directed ostensibly against collusive defendants, but in reality against the British Minister and Consuls, of the character of the defendants and the witnesses, of their shameful mendacity and perjury, of the violence of the State prosecutor, his poeans over our presumed ill-success in the Crimea, and his denunciations against the decaying aristocracy and tottering Governments of the Oldc-World, we will not say much at present. Those who- like may read them, but we warn them they will do it at the risk of losing that respect and that esteem which it is desirable that educated and intelligent Englishmen should cherish towards the American branch of our great family. We will remind our readers that throughout the whole of this dispute the amplest concessions have been made-concessions almost trenching on the sovereign rights of England; the most courteous and conciliatory language held, the handsomest apologies tendered, by Lord Cr&,nxnoNo; and yet that, after all, the American Minister persists in demanding the recall of M£r. CnRmoN, and representing his cointry as insulted by us, for no other reason which we can see than that the English Mnister at. Washington and the iUeutenant-Governor of Nova Scotia ventured to think that they might, within the limits of the British provinces of North America, enlist in the Qu='s army men who had freely volunteered thither from the United States! Englishmen who read this correspondence wvill at least have the satisfaction of knowing that arrogance and querulousness have not been exhibited on their side.
ABravAL OF Lorm DAixHousr.-Her Majesty's: steam frigate Tribune, 30, Captain Edgell, arrived at Portsmouth yesterday (Tuesday) from Malta, with Lord Dalhousie and suite on board. His Escellency was too unwell to transThip at Spithead into the steam-tender of Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour (the Commander-in-Chief), who went out to meet him, but the Tribune went alongsideof Portsmouth Dockyard, and-disembarked the exGovernor-General of India more comfortably. He remained at the George Hotel last night. WVe are requested to state that the Sultan, on the application of the British Government for permission to erect a memorial church at Constantinople, has most liberally granted apiece of ground large enough for a church, schools, and parsonage. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledaes the receipt of the second halves of Banik of Eniland notes for S001. (No. K-C 01,825, K C 00,075, I-T 40,823,1001. each), believed to be due to the country for income-tax from "B." MA-zsrA sTnm.-An inquest was neld at the Plymouth Guildhall on Saturday before Mr.EBdionds, coroner, onthe body of JohnTozer, of Ottery, Devon, a drammer inthe SouthDevon Militia. Itappearedthat onthe'previos evening, at9 o'ciock, hewas partly undressed in a room occupied by 17 handirnen and others, when William Towton, 20, another drummer, without provocation, struck him twice in the chest with his fist. Tozer thendeclared his inten,tion to report Towton to the Sergecnt-Major, and when reaching up to unhang his coat, received a third blow under his right ear. whien hoe fe31 on the bedstead, rolled off, and expired wvithin tn minutes. A verdict of manslaughter wai retuxnsod mad Tom torx was cozmmitted to lixeter for triaL.
! THE BRITISH ARMY. I , (FROM O0M SPWMA COMMSPON-DENT.) UAMIV BEFORE SEBnASTOOL, APRIL M.: The impression left on the mind of every person who has made the little tour which our party hax just accomplished must be, and is universally, as far as I know, that the resources of Russia in -men were reduced to the lowest ebb in the course o£ this war, and That she would have been utterly unable to maintain an army in the Crimea, or to cont:nue in possession of it, had we made an aggressive movement with all our forces from Theodosia or Eupatoria, or even left her in an attitude of watchfulness along the extended line from the north side of Sebastopol to Simpheropol. That she still possesses considerable means of tram. sport, and has arabas, telegas, and horsessufficient, in ordinary times and on good roads, for the service of her army was evident enough; but I was assured, on authority beyond question, that for two vhole days this winter the troops at Mackenzie were left without food, in consequence of the state of the roads. The prices of provisions, allowing very amply for the extortions of needy Tartars, of famished innieepers, and for an ex-tremely liberal spirit on the part of English tourists, are enormous, and it is almost impossible in many places to procure barley or corn for horses at any sum whatever. The country is deserted, the fields uncultivated, the cares of agriculture unheeded. A few flocks of sheep and herds of cattle were to bc seen here and there in the course of a week's ride, but they were the property of the Govermment or of contractors, and were not for sale; alongthe south coast fresh meat was unknown, and salt fish and salt pork were the food of those in good circumstances. A mouthful of hay for v horse ost half a rouble or 50 copecs-eggs were 5d. a-piece -fowls utterly beyond the means of Cr.Tsus. But arid all these evidences of desolation the Cossack is seen here, there, everywhere, singly-in twos and threes, in pickets, in patrols, in grand guard in Polks, trotting, walking, or more frequently galloping, mounted high on his quaint saddle over his shaggy, long-tailed pony, flourishing with one hand his cruel whip, while -with the other he guides the docile animal, above which he towers like a giant, his dirty gray coat flutter. ing in the breeze and his lance point shining brightly in the sun. He is sown broadcast all over the Crimea. But you do not see regular soldiers in any numbers till 3ou enter the typhus-haunted streets of Simpheropol, or wade through the mud of Bakshiserai; and even here the miserable, jaded, utterly spiritless, ill-clad, ill-fed, and broken down militianman seems to be in the proportion of two to one to the soldiers of the line. The Russian army is on its march from the Crimea as fast as its transport and its legs can carr it, and we hear that only one corps rar2n&c will be left behind to garrison the whole country and to keep the Tartars in order. Poor devils ! that will be an easy task. The regulars are almost as badly clad, so far as their greatcoats and boots are concerned, as the militia or the Cossacks. Onr whole army has just turned out, by way of contrast, in new uniform, and presented itself the other day to General Luders, en grandetenue from head to foot. In order to enable your readers to judge with -as of the state of the country, Ishall transcribe from my diary such portions of it during, the tour as appear likely to afford information respecting the effects of the war, or give an insight into the condition of the Crimea. Some other portions, referring to matters of less importance, may, however, prove amusing, if not instructive, more from the novelty of the circumstances to which they relate than from any merit of narration or powers of description. zSATu.P-DAY, APIum 12. Started at 10 o'clock from camp. The party consisted of four officers, two civilians-one of thenm myself, the other a travelling gentleman-an interpreter, two soldier servants. and one civilian servant. We took with us a strong two-wheeled light cart, drawn by two mules and a pack-pony, and carried in the cart a canteen, a few bottles of spirits and sherry, cases of preserved beef, two tents, fowling-pieces, a fishing-rod, picks and spades, blankets, and horsecloths. The cart was started early, with orders to halt at Baidar till we arrived, and the party were trotting along the Woronzoff-road towards Kamara by 11 o'clock. The day was most favourable-a clear sky, genial su, and light southerly wind. I met the 4th Husars (French) on their march In from their cantonments about Baidar, where they have been long exposed to most trying work on outpost duty, and in the ordinary occupation of light cavalry in war time. They are fine soldierly fellows, and are quiteready as they sit to ride either to the Great Wall of China or St. Petersburg. Each man carries a portion of the cooking utensils of his mess, forage for his horse, blankets, and necessaries for the march, and seems heavily charged, but on examination he will be found to weigh a coitple of stone less than an English Hussar-otherwise, indeed, his small horse, however high tempered, could not carry him. The Sardinians are also on the move, and are sending in baggage to Balaklava. The large village of sheds and sutlers' shops which is placed on the road at the Fedul;hine heights, and which is called Woronzoff, is in considerable excitement at the prospect of losing its customers, notwithstanding that the Russians flock in to supply their place. Here is little Paris in plank and wattle -magasins de comestibles, en gros et en detail -marchands de vins, restaurants de Paris, d'Inkermann, d'Almna, de rEmpereur, &c.; cafes de France, d'Alger, &c.; Pierre Leblond sert l boire et a manger; Jean Fran9ois M3arie, magasin de denrees coloniales; bon vin, *6 75c. le litre, and so on till one is almost bewildered by such evidences of civilization, and, in the midst of it all stumbles on the large theatre or ballroom on the hillside, not far from the scene of the Battle of Traktir. The French camp here is built like that of their neighbours the Sardinians, very much on the Tartar or Russian plan, and the h-ats are semi-subterranean. They present iR appearance a strong contrast to the regular rows of high wooden huts belonging to the Highland Division opposite, at Kamara, but the money saved to France and Sardinia by the ingenuity and exertions ot their soldiers in huittmg themselves must have been very considerable in amount. To counteract the mesqin look of these huts our allies-more especially the French-have planted the ground with young firs and evergreens, brought a considerable distance from the hillsides of Baidar, so that, after all, their camp is more pleasant to see than that of the English. They have also made gardens, -which promise to bear fruit, flowers, and vegetables for Tartars and Muscovites, and they have turned a large portion of ground by the banks of the Tchernaya, and close to the Trakti-bridge, into a succession of gardens, each appropriated to different companies of the regiments encamped in the neighbourhood. Sic ros twn t'obis. As -we enter the gorge which leads into the valley of Varnutk we met some Tartar families, men and children, on the road, looking oat pos5ibly for some place to squat on. These poor creatures are menaced -with a forced return to their nomadic habits of centuries ago. Civilization has corrtpted them The youngsters ru alongside your home, crying ont, if yoa are English, "1 say, Johnny, piaster, give me piaster, Johnny!" if you are French, " Dee dong (intended for dites done), donnez mei piastre."-a briglt-eyed handsome race -when yoiung, -with fine teeth and clear complexioni; 1 and venerable-looking when old, owing to thetC
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. THE EAST. (BY SUBMAMN AND B-BITLSH nEEGRAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Marseilles correspondent:- " MARSETI m S, Tu7SDAY, MLix 13,7 55 P.T. "The Indus has arrived, with advices from Constantinople of the 5th and from the Crimea of the 3d inst. She has brought 692 soldiers. " Despatches leave at 10 p.m. "The ships of the line Jean Bart, Napoleon, and Trouville, and the frigates Albatros, Canada, and Labrador, have arrived with 6,000 troops from the Crimea. "Your correspondent, writing from Sebastopol on the 2d inst., says:- " 'The 9th Regiment, on board the transport Resolute, and the 39th, on board the Simoom, left yesterday' for Canada. " ' TheRussians decline buying hores ; mules are seing for 4f. " ' 40,000 French have left Kamiesch for Algierm and for France. " ' The Tartars are arriving in numbers at Balklava, to escape from the Russians. " ' The Russians have promised to respect the tombs of the English.' "
FRAIW,eE AND BELGTI. The Mo1aniteur of yesterday publishes th3 following - " We read in the Moniteur Bedgc:- "The Tournal des Djbats and most of the Paris newspapers which have reached Brussels this morning contain a telegraphic despatch, couched in the following terms .- "' BRUSSELS, WEDNESDAY, MAT 7. "'In the Chamber of Itepresentatives the Ainister of Foreign Affairs, in reply to questions put to him, said that Count Walewsld's speech in the sittinig of the Congress of the Sth of April had not yet been officially communicatedc to the Belgian Government. " 'When that notification shall have been made tho Government has a reply prepared which will energetically maitain the rights of Belgium as an independent nation. 'o power (added the Mlinister) ever requested (a jamais a modification of the law on the press in Belgium, and the country would never submit. to such a pretension; no, never !' "This despatch completely alters the sense of the dechration made by the Minister of Foreign Affairs, whiche w clear, distinct, and categorica, and which has been perfectly understood by the Chamber and by the coTuntry. "rThe Minister of Foreign Affairs said.tho Cabinet to which he belonged would never propose a change in the constitution. "He was not questioned, nor did he give any explanations on the intentions of the Ministry relative to the law and the press. If such a question had been put the Government would have but one answer to make-namely, that it intended to reserve to itself mwithin constitutional limits its full freedom of action, to snbnit to the Chambat when it might deem it advisable such niodifications asit might seem to it necessary to introduce-into the laws on the press. "We must congratulate (continues the?PrisXditeur) the Belgian Government upon the care it has taken not to allow its language to be mis-statad, or its intentions misunderstood. As regards the French Government, all that it had to do w;as to point out the evil and its consequences; it is the dutr of the Brussels Cabinet alone to seek, find, and apply a. remedv; what the Government of the linperor is concerned about is the efficiency, and, wot the n&ture, of that remedy."
COURT CIRCULAR, OS)OI:E, M&r 13. Her lM:iaty and his Paqal BiZhnom t'Q Prince Consort, -with t4* Prince of Wales, }Pnn%. Alfred, the Prinoemi Roya and Prinoe3s Alice went to Portsmouth Dockyard. yeste23ay afternon. to inspect the -Sih Hussars, ^tcich regiment had arrived in the course of the day from the , under the wosnand of Brigadicr-General Shewel. ner Majesty vas recei.vd on landing by Vice-Admiral -r George Seymoour, Hjor-Genezal Breton, and the naval and military authoritiea. - The troo , consistinz of th 8th Hussars, a detachment of the 17tih Lancers, an; involids from different regiment wrere minutely inspected by Her Majer, who remaned in the dockyard till 20mninutg before 7 cSclo & MlajoriGeneral the 3Hoi. Charle Grey. 'rry1 L Qtxeffi left ILondon last night iwith a le. from HO.5? )Xe^y for the Emperor of Ri . t - The Priness or Salerno and the Dluke and Duheos d'Aumale vi,iied her Royal Highness the Duchee at ROat yesterday, at her residence, Claence-house, St Jcs. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, Attonded by Lady Anna3fariaPDawon, Lord James muryf, ndColonel Fuphenu, honouedrvlt Italian Opera lwllwJt2 vresenoo 1s4 evenLfl.g
FOREIGN INTELLIGBNCE. Y.RANCE. (BXOX OUR OWN CORRMPONWKNT.) !A pot on of tho foUowiug appeared im 3oz1d edition - r tedav :--I rAai, ._0DA.Y, MAY ±; b FP.. A French friend at Bruzsels writes as follows oA 1 the Belgian press, "I can easily understand that the Belgian press, the members of the Belgian Chambers, and the Beldgian people at Large have been rmach affected by what was said respectt -ag them in the Congress of Paris. I think, however, they Sake too high a tone, and that Belgium forgets what she is, or ratherwhat she is not. Does she imagine that she mnust bas treated like Piedmont ? Let her look at the etymology ot the word, and tell us what she can do with her perpetual neutrality. Belgium has accepted her position; it is the one of her preference; she rejoices at it, and she #;nds her adyantage and her glorv in it. She has, moreover, profited by it, while we and our allies were sacrificing our blood and our treasure for the common safety of Europe. She has not acted like Piedmont; she did not proniise her ,Cooperation, like Austria and Spain, nor assume any posilion, like Sweden and Denmark She did not arm like Prissia, and she had not even the modesty to remain silent, like Holland. To avoid making the slightest sacrifice for the, good of Europe shla has invoked the anonmalous position created for her ix 183L Let her then continue to remain meutral, whatever may happen, but let her not look upon herself as a Power, for she has declared herself powerJess. This neutrality, appealed to so often, too often, by Belgium and Switzerland, becomes a serious affair; and the States that are so situate do not suffi-ciently feel how much they lose all sympathy and rit to protection. The Ottoman Government has un-dertood this, and therefore has rejected the position which -the perpetual neutralization of the Black Sea would have mnade for her. When she engaged not to allow the vessels of war of other Powers to pass through the Straits, she took -ea;re to ada ' so long as peace lasts."' It is true that Belgium is a neutral State, and -t.at "n eutrality" is the condition of her existence. ,Bit it is also true that the institutions by wlich she is governed, and under which she has prospered, have been recognized by the Powers that made her independent. No one Power has the right to compel her to change those institutions against her wilL If the right eZisted, she would be a mnere dependency, ard her King, her Senate, and her Chambers would be an expensive superfluity. Neither is it consistent -with dignity to addres3 in arrogant and menacing te.ms those who we know cannot answer us in the same style, or who, if they do, expose themselves to rnin. Nio rational man, whatever his politics, will iustify or palliate the ferocious tone of the obscure Journals wvhich are the cause of all this effervescence, ally more than he wll justify the ravings of the Asni du Peuple of Iarat. But a whole people cannot be made to suffer for the wvickedness of a few. The afffir, however, is, I am just informed, in a way of arrangement. Communications have passed between the Belgian and French Governments which are pronounced satisfactory. The former vill take more active nmeasures to prevent the publication of appeals to assassination, but without infringing the liberty of the press; and the latter vwll tiae an early opportunity of expressing itself satisfied. The Emperor reviewed the artillery of the Guard to-day in the courtyard of the Tuileries. The Em.- press, accompanied by the Emperor, drove out yesterday, for the first time since her accouchement. She drove out again to-day. Consuls from England and Francewill be stationed at Kamiesch and Kaffa in addition to the places already mentioned. The foUowing private telegraphic despatch has been received ' "MARSEIILES, MAY 11, EvxNU-ma. "The exchange of the ratifications of the treaty of the 30th of March was kIowa in the Turkish capital. "The Sultan has requested, it is said, several Anglo French divisions to remain for some time at Constantinople. It is thought that this request has been caused by the state of things in the interior of Turkey. "The exteusive revolt which has broken out in Arabia is the theme of general conversation. Egyptian troops are to be emplDyed in repressing it. The journals are silent on the subject. " The Smyrna papers state that the fanatics inSyriahave massacred the English consular agent in Mlarasch and his faluily. " Suleiman Pasha has put down the revolt in M-agnesia, anl arrested the ringleaders. " The accounts from the Crimea are tothe 29th of April. " General Luders has authorized the cavalry division of General d'Allonville to proceed from Eupatoria to Kamiesch by land, passing along the coast. "The Tartars of Eupatoria were emigrating, and establishiug themselves in the Dobradscha. "* body of 9,000 English troops has embarked at Ba!aldava. "Trade continued to improve at Kamiesch. *Accounts from Athens of the 3d state that the people arc in hopes that the allies are about to evacuate Greece. 'F1essaly is tranquil." There has been no change in the commercial state of Paris during the week. The cold weather corntinuing arrested the sale of manufactures, which -went on so favourably at the latter end of April. The manufacturers, however, have received important orders from abroad, and. the Russian commission agents purchased large quantities of articles of toilet and fancy goods. The corn market has again experienced numerous variations. The rise however is general. The flour and wheat put up to public auction having found a ready and profitable sale, speculators set up new pretensions. The price of the first quality of flour, which had fallen last week in Paris from 92f. to 85f. per sack of 157 kilogrammes, had again risen to 90f. and even 92f. The stock remaining at the Halle on Saturday had decreased to 20,400 metrical qtintals. The cold and rain induced many farmers to keep their graiul instead of sending it to market. NLevertheless, it doies not appear that the growing crops have suffered materially from the cold, and a few days' heat would suffice to remove a2l apprehensions. The wants of Lower Languedoc and of the country watered by the IRhone imparted considerable activity to the corn trade at Alarseilles, and during the week there was a slight, but progressive, advance in rates. 'Tle price of cattle was very firm at the last markets of Poissy and Sceaux, and the supply was pretty fair. *lLe frost with which certain localities of the east and south-east of France were visited in the nights of the 5th and. 6th inst. has done much injury to the vines. In the Ni6vre they have irretrievably suffered. In the neighbourhood of Grenoble the vines, as well as the mulberry and the walnut trees, and even the crops in the groimd, which presented the most luxzuriant appearance, were seriously damaged. The results were also disastrous in many of the vine districts of the Herauilt and Var. In Franche Comt6 the loss sustained was considered irreparable on many points, and in :Burgundy this late frost proved fatal to most of the younger vines. The fall in the price of wine has been of course checked at Berey and in the southern markets. Brandy remains stationary, but its sale has become easier. The Three per Cents. cloed to-day at 75f. 30c.' for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f. 80c. ; and the NSew Loan at 75.f 50c.; Orleans Ralway Shares, 1,430f.; Great Northern, 1,142f. 50c.; Strasburg, 990f.; New Shares, 920f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,460f. ; Lyons to fthe Mediterranean, 1,700f.; Western of France, 25Sf.; Bordeaus and Cette, 815f.; Great Central of iFrance, '76f.; Lyons and. Geneva, 817f. 50c.; Bank of Cidit Mobilier, 1,850f. ; Austrian Rail'ways, 94Of. Crtr5 Aut Eguc.-PAus, May 12.-Cash PricesFour-and-a-Half Ir Cents. (not reinbursable for 10 years), %4f. 94f. 10c.; Tbr per Cents., 75f. 74f. 95c. 75c. 74f. acS. 7Sf 74f. 90c. ; ditto, first Loan of 1855 (85 per cent, paidl, 74!. 85c.; ditto, second Loan of 1855 (55 per cent. paidJ 75f 25c. 15c.- ditto, Crti&Ates (55 per cent. paid), 76ft 25c. 15c.; Bak of France, 3,950!. 3,975!; Crit Foncier 69-Jf. exdiv.; Obligations of 500E., Four r Cent6, 430f.^ ditto Three per Cents., 400f.; ditto, enths, Three per Cents., 9Sf.; Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,855f. 1,860f. 1,847£ 0oc. 1,850f.; Discount BankL, 700E. 695f. 692f.50Oc.;* PiednnonteEe Five per Cents., 93!.; Belgian Four-and.a-lHalf per Cents,, 96.',; Rlenta do Naples (Xothschild's), 112!.; Itom:ns, 9I1.92 - Spanish Three per Cents,, 45;* ditto tsi. telior Deft, 46A. 4L E:rchangeontondon, at sight, money, 26.-. 37'yc; t!hree months, money, 26£~ RUSSIA, (moM oua nm3iub COnnEsrO-DEh-T.) BERLI1N, MAY 11. You have seen already that the Jouhrnal de St. Theersben;xg has published the treaty of peace and the annexes; since then it has been translated and inserted in the various Bussian journals; and this appears t:o be the real pulblication of the document in Rusi, for it is laid before the new;spaper-reading public with all the solemnity attainable by a long anld full enuiseration of all the LEmperor's titles and attributes. Now that, for the first time, the real terms of the pe5ce have become known to the bulk of the people something like an idea can be formedof the feelings with which i,is received in Russea.-As the number of those -fIo know how very- necessary the peace was for the -country is a' very small niinority, and this is.-exactly the proportion of those who recognize how favourable are the ternis and conditions that have been vouchsafed .to Russia, - the great bulk of the people, however rejoiced they may be at the return of peace, look upon the conditions - tw vhich Russia has sub- I mitted as umduly unfavourable, as, indeed, the cannot do otherwise, "accordin& to the. measure of their light." The discontent 'on this ground, ..which, at any rate, is always a debateable one, and a matter of opinion, finds freshfuel inabuses on which no difference of opinion is to be met with. While, on the one hand, itis observed with dissatisfaction' that bodies of troops that had in no way taken active part in the late campaigns have- been distinguished and decorated and' honoured in every war, it 'has been remarked with indignation that deserving regiments which had well performed their duty in active service have been' pised over unnoticed. The' crcunmstance to which this' unjust preference is referred and attributed is- that'the former were officered by the sons of distinguished and prominent fanilies, while the officers of the latter seem not to belong to the favoiured " ten thousand" (toztt omme chez '7loUs). It follows also as a natural consequence of the state of the hitherto existing social relations in Russia that the views and prospects which the Govermnent endeavours now to open up to the minds of its subjects meet with but little understanding and appreciation with the bulk of the people; conunerce, industry, speculation, rapid development of the home resources, and profitable intercourse with the external world are ideas of which only a smiall minority are susceptible. The unmistakeable demonstrations of affection towards the Czar that we read of in the journals as having taken place on the anniversary of his birthday seeni to preclude the idea that the people in any degree visit on his head the dissatisfaction they feel. The treaty of peace, as published in the Russian papers, bore the counter-signature of Count Nesselrode, and it is affirmed that this subscription of his name was his last official act; it is believed, also, that the Emperor will confer on the veteran diplomatist a ftrther proof of his favour and gratitude for his long and valued services by elevating him to the rank of Prince. His son. Count Dimitri Nesselrode, a junior officer in the Ministry of Foreign Afihirs, has been elevated to the post of mditre de la cOU2r an officer of the second grade at court; these functionaries stand always in a very close and intimate relation to the Emperor, and to them is intrusted the Emperor's private correspondence. This may serve to throw a little light upon the nature of the relations now subsisting between the young Emperor and his father's old and valued servant. Herr Gedeonoff, the director of the Imperial theatres, has been already a month in Moscow, superintending the arrangements for the ceremony of the coronation, and more especiallythose for the recreation and amusement of the people on this occasion. One of the principal objects of his attention, as well as of popular interest there, is the construction of a carrousel house,-a large edifice of wood, in which entertainments of various kinds, not exclusively equestrian, will be offered to the people. At the Emperor's command the Senate has already invited all the Marshals of the nobility and all the Governors of provinces to 'be present at the coronation. The six batteries -which had been thrown up during the war to protect St. Petersburg on the north side are apparently 'to be converted into permanent works. Of the small number of large industrial undertakings that Russia could boast previous to the war two were compelled to wind up last year-viz., the AMaritime and Fluvial Insurance CompEany founded in 1840 at Archangel, and the Perm Steam Navigation and Insurance Companyfor traffic on the Kama and Wolga. Now again the spirit of enterprise is beginning to raise its head, and there are being established now-1, a company for extending the production of beetroot sugar in the government of Pultowa, with a capital of 400,000 silver roubles; 2, a company for workng and increasing a manufactory for soda, soap and glue out of reindeer bones and horns, 'with a similar capital; 3, a company for working a cotton mil in MoscoW, with a capitalof 750,000 silver roubes; 4, a company for navigating the lower Dnieper with steamvessels, with a capital of 3,000,000 silver roubles. About a fortni,ght back an influential member of the Exchange Committee of Riga was here in Berlin and was not a little rejoiced to find the arrangements of the London company so far advanced for the prosecution of the line from Riga to Diunaburg, wthere it will join the great line from St. Petersburg to WVarsaw. When these two lines are completed Riga will be in a position successfully to maintain its title to be called the H3amburg of Russia. As the bay of Riga remains open at least in part in most winters, it will be able to transact the import and export business of St. Petersblurg more expeditiously even than that port itself can, in consequence of the lengthened course up the bay of 3Finland, the necessity of employing very shallow' going vessels, or of discharging cargo at Cronstadt into lighters. The advantages of the Riga line wrill still be enhanced when it is prolonged to Witebsk, which would bring it into the heart of a produlcing country, and put' it into connexion vwith the rich country of southern Russia. There is a company now in progress of formation under the auspices of M. Thurneyssen, who acts for the Parisian Credit Mobilier in St. Petersburg, for the purpose of constructing a line to join on to the Moscow and Odessa road; its termini are not stated as yet ; the company is, however, to undertake t.o make the Dnieper navigable fronm Smolensk to Orsha, and perhaps as far down as Ro,gatscheff. There would then remain only the interval between 'Witebsk and Smnolensk to make the communication complete from Riga to the Bl]ack Sea, passing through all the productive country of the Ukraine. NAPLES. (vaoM oun OwH- COBP;ESPONDENT.) NAPLES>, MAYl S.L The protocol embodying the discussion on Italian' affairs has been read, and Lord Clarendon especially has won the gratitude -of the Italians, but the diis-; cussion inspires no hope. First, it is said that if the' English and French Governments were honestly united in sentiment, mere words will never produce' any effect on the Royal mind. S'econdly, it is doubted whether, in the actual position of France as regards her owin system of government and her relations with Austria and the Pope,' " the eldest son' of the-Church" wti be disposed to give effect to the words of his Mlinister. If, too, the language and theI diplomacy of the French Legation here reflect the opinions of the home Government, nothing certainly is intended to be done, for a great apparent coldniess and indifference to 'the interests of the people have long marked it, and an opinion exists among its memabers that the discussion wrill do more harm than good. If it is meant that mere words, wishes, coinivictions wrill be ineffectual, I fully subscribe to the opno-a,moe I am fully persuaded that re<' monstrance unsupported by power will only beret opposition and resistance. Our Chancelleria is u of wishes and counsels. Lord Minto counselled and Lord Malmesbury wished; and now, in the very I midst of this agitation, Poerio and his companions, to use words I can depend upon, are living within a prison where salt melts, where bread be-, comes green after the first day, and where their clothes steam in the sun when it shines upon themJ A revolution may not be unacceptable to Sovereigns who have the physical force to put it down, becausZ it gives the colour of necessity to their system and an opportunity for strengthening it; but will th4 great Powers view with indifference a state of thiig, which is fast tending to revolution? Here the Li! berals, who are the thinkers, are in a great ferment; the mercantile classes lament the absence of commerce, and are calmly persuaded that interventionis necessary. Even the Royalists, as I told' you in my last, have ineffectually interceded with the King. Something, it is hoped, will be done to put a stop to the folly of the actual Government, or noiGovernment, and to anticipate and prevent the hoirors of revolutionary movements. Advices from Sicily inform me that the alienation of the inhabitants from their Sovereign becomes greater every day ,-" it is something almost incredible." On M londay last their Majesties, the Royal family, and a grand Court went in 13 carriages and sim to adore the blood of St. Januarius. The miracle, j say the faithful, was imperfectly wrought-the mass was not entirely liquefied, and disasters are prophesied. To-day we have anotherfest and another _dies.noin.comxnemoration ofthe-apparition-of-St.. Michael inr defence of -His Most Christian MIajesty Ferdinand It, The- King instituted the fete in remonriam. I call your attention to some fact connected with our consular establishmnent in Naples worthy of -note. The British consul receives 4QO1. a-year, the vice-con-ul 100;., but deducting per cent. income-tax, 10-per -cent.- loss on exchange, lper cent., banke-e, commssi6n; total, 171k per cent., there -remain as the net salaries of the consul about 3301., and- the vice-consul, a hard-worked offcial ivith a wife and family, 831. I10 Contra.t with this the salaries of a Flench consulate, where the labour is much less, inasumachas the British tonnage entering this port far exceeds that of. the French. The lrench consul receives 18,OOOf. 0 ; le chancellier, 6,000f.; l'eThye consul, 3,OOOf. The ehancellor has, moreover, a commnission on the amount of fees collected, which gives him about .lOOI. a-year more. While, therefore, even the " apprentice'" French consul receives 1201., the British vice-consul, well - acquainted with: four languages, and having a wife and five children, is in the net receipt of 831. lOs. 1 have reason to know that His Majesty continues to express himself in a sense favourable to the Brindisi Railway, and in a contrary sense to the Credit Mobiier. Cardinal Antonelli has Positively decined to guarantee, on behalf of the Papal Government, the continuation of the Frascati line, considering that the Bologna and Civita Vecchia lines impose for the present sufficient-. obligations. I think you will find my prophecy confirmed, that Rome wil be connected with Naples byway of Terracna. If the Frascati line is not opened this month it will be deferred until October. An unpleasant feeling exists among the directors, many of whom have retired. ITALY. Inthesitting of theSardinianChamnber of Deputies on the 9th instant General dellaMarmora was declared unanimously elected, and the Chamber voted thanks to him and the Sardinian army. On the motion for the vote of thanks, M. Cadorna spoke as follows " The proposition is the mere echo of the sentiments engraven in the hearts of all. I wil not enumerate the claims of our brave army to general admiration. It will suffice to say, that the battle of the Tchernaya will ever be memorable for this country and army, as well as for the King, who understands military honour so well, and in whom Europe has already acknowledged a noble and brave soldier. The joy of the King is ours, gentlemen, for Europe knows that in our country everything is common between the Sovereign and the nation, sufferings as well as hopes. (Applause.) M Costa de Beauregard-" May the noble and generous alliance with the Western Powers exercise a beneficial influence on the destinies of our country ! National gratitude will prove for our brave army a glorious and just recompense." hM Terenzio Mtamiani-" The proposition not only expresses the sentiments of the Sardinian population, it likewise expresses those of all the Italians whose hearts beat for independence. The entire Italian nation, believe me, heartily concurs in that act of justice and gratitude, but particularly those who are deprived of safe and legal means of conveying to us the tribute of their sympa. thies, because such a demonstration would be the signal for their banishment or imprisonment. But there is not a hamlet in the whole peninsula to the inhabitants of which the exploits of our soldiers are not a subject of secret exultation. All have their eyes turned towards the national flag floating in the Crimea; and, if they have not raised their grateful voices, for reasons you are aware of, their silence under such circumstances is more eloquent than words." The proposition was then unanimously adopted. We read in the RomnTJournal, of the 7th inst.:" The Grand Duke and Grand Dachess of Tuscany, on arriving at Rome, were visited by Cardinal Antonelli, and by the Majordomo and Chamberlain of His Holiness. Today, at noon, their Imperial Highnesses, their children, and the Grand Dachess Maria Louisa proceeded to the Vatican, accompanied by their suite, by the Ararquis Scipio Bargagli, Afinister Resident of Tuscany at Rome, and the attacdUs of the Legation. The Pope admittedthem toaprivateaudience, treated them with all the honour due to their august persons, and conversed a long time with them. The Grand Duke afterwards presented to the HolylFather his numerous suite, and waited, with all his family, on CardinalAntonelli."
TINSPECTION OF THB STH HUSSARS BY THE QUBEff. PORTSMOUTH, MoNDty EvEN-G. Her Mfajesty, haning heard of the arrival of the 8th Hussars, in the steamship Oneida, Captain Digby B. Morton, at Portsmouth, on Saturday, direct from the late seat of war in the Crimea, expressed a wish to inspect them prior to their departure forKingstown, Ireland, and accordingly this morning Major-General Breton, the Military Commander-in-Chief of. this Garrison; Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour, the Naval Commander-in-Chief- and Rear-Admiral Martin, Superintendent of the Dockyard, went over -to Osborne, to receive Her Majesty's commands relative to the ceremony of the day. The Oneida came into harbour on Sanday noon, and lay alongside the dockyard, for the convenience of landing the men and horses. A flooring of planks was made on the top of tho neew King's-stairs for the Court to alight at, and from this-place to the scene of the inspection troops were posted to line the passage. The guard of honour was furished by the 22d Regiment of Foot, and the Staffordshire and 1st Surrey Mlilltia kept the ground to the parade, which took place opposite the Admiral's office, the right of the troops resting upon the building and facingthe dockyard clock. Her Majesty, Prince Albert, the Princess Royal, Prince of Wales, Prince Arthur, and Princess Alice, atterided by I the Countess of Gainsborough, Major-General Bouverie, Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, Captain Da Plat, &c. arrived at the dockyard, under a grand salute from the fleet, at 6 o'clock this evening, and was received by a brilliant staff of military and naval dignitaries. The Royal family were escorted to the parade ground by Major-General Breton and Sir George Seymour, and Her Mfajesty walked down the front and up the rear of the line of troops. The men were drawn up in the same state as they landed-in their worn clothes, long beards, and with forage bags - 196 invalids from various infantry regiments, who had arrived from the Crimea in the hospital-ship Severn on Sunday, were also posted upon the ground for inspection by the Queen; 17 of the 17th Lancers, who came home with the 8th Hussars, were added to the muster, as were a number of sick in omnibuses on their way to the hospital; the latter were the first to pass before the Queen. Her Majesty and faniily had taken up a position on a stage in the centre of the ground in front of the Clock Tower. The Hussars marched past at slow time insections of threes, aband layinganappropriate march. After them came the few lancers, and the whole were brought up by the poor fellows in the stretchers. The 'cheering was vociferous. Her Ma. jesty ecpressed to Brigadier-General Shewell her great pleasure atseeing the gallaut 8th home again, and especially as they were the first of her cavalry force from the Crimea. Her MEajesty took General Shewell back with her to dine, and the Royal party quitted Portsmouth on their return at 20 minutes to 7 under the same ceremonies as on their arrival. The officers of the 8th Hussars who were present to-day were Brigadier-General Shewell, Colonel de Salis, Maior Tomkinson, Cptain Naylor, Captain Chetwode, Lieutenauts Clowes, leneage, Sawbridge, and Mussenden, Cornets Harrson, Webster, and Haynes, Adjutant Harding, and Surgeon Eockwood; Veterinary Surgeon Grey, Paymaster IDberly, Quartermaster Lane, and Lieutenant Puget. The 8th left England in April, 1854, landed at Varna in June, thence proceeded to Devno and Yenibazar, until the expedition started for the Crimea. They were engaged at Boulianak, Alna, the affair at Mackenzie's Farm, at BaI. klava, and Iukermann. They lost two officers in action at Balaklava, invwhich 43 horses were Idlled. The officeri kie6d. were Captain Lockwood and Lord Fitzgibbon; Lieutenant Clowes was taken prisoner (wounded); Captains Clutterbuca and Seager were also wounded. The regiment went 6ut 293 strong. Two non coimissioned officers (Harding awnt Harrison) were promoted to commissions (adjutant and cornet), 42 have been preyiously sent to England invalided, 68 died of diseases, 7 died of wounds, 19 were kiMe{ in ac. tion, and 1 deserted. 250 horses were also taken out aicnai with the regiment; all that have come home of thZ1. are 29; the rest have diedl of.disease, neglect, &c. ; 43 were killed honourably in the gallant and memorable charge at Balaklava; 2'ablBouljanak-, and 1 at inkermaun. The ofli. cers wlo have been out the whole tim4 with the re gi en are Brigadier-General Shewell, C.B., .iutnat molne1d Salis,- Major Toikiauson, Captains Chetwode, Seager, andi Duberly -; Lieutenant-s Phillips, Heneage, Clowes,' anid 3ffassender; <Cornets Harrison and Harding; WVetecrinary -Surgeon Grey and Quartermaster Lane. -'The Oneida steam-trnsport deserves honourable' mention in connexion with this conipiment of the Sovereim' She is the onlmy tansprt tha t has been engaged th the late
BI3rrSH AssocIATioIN.-The British Azsociatidn for the Advancement of Science hold their sunimer meetin this year at Cheltenhami, and -the Queen's Hotel, one of 'the most splendid hotels in the country, and situate in the most picturesque position of the "Queen of waterin nlace a will be the place of assembly. The association.' i so^oazn for a week at Cheltenham, Wednesday, the 6th of AugUst being fixed for the-inaugural sitting. At this meeting the President, the-Dile of Argyll, will hand over his oftice to bis-successor, Dr. Daubeney. lhe-Vice-Presiden are Earl Duce, the Bishop of Glocester and Bristol, the Rev, F Close, Sir R. Iurchison, and -1r..Baker, of Raricke-ou Local treasurers and secretaries, secretaries to thedifferent sections, and othei officers, are appoined, and the neetin' is expected to 'be largely attended. Prince Charles Lufen Bonaparte, whoeis a distiiguished ornitholoiit, h- nounced hig intenLion-of being present. CRYSTA PAACE.-O SLIG DY.-Tues. day, May 13.-Admissions on payment, 6,053; ditto by season tickets, 413; total visitors, 1V,496.
- - ITHE OWERLANT-a7l .-, I I . I I | .-IThO folloing sppeared hi our soond edildon of yesJtersy:-]- j' We have ireceived Bombay papers to the 16th of April. We take the following from the summary of the Bombay Times:- o "The past fortnight, like the previous half-dozen pof its redecessors, continues in matters of intelligence a blank, and for anything in the shape of -a summary at all we are compelled to travel from |Hindostan to Cental Asia. Dost Mahomed coni| tinues at Candahar, where lhe has narrowly escaped 'asassination, and is suflering from the usual embarrassments of an empty tre'asury and mutinous army. He is said to have written to' Persia that he asked the friendship of the British Government because of their possessing strong posts in lis' neighbourhood, and because the Shah had not at the time applied for his favour. The report isdn 'all likelihood untrue; if not, the reply is contradictory. It need in no way concern us which of the alternatives is adopted. It is, quite clear that the Cabul, Candahar,- and Herat chiefs are just as? thorough rtiffians, as powerless for evil or for good, ' and as unworthy of our notice, as when first made; known to us by Mountstuart Elphinstone half a' century ago. - "We have heard nothing of-late of the movementsof Persia; we haveatpresent noreason to sup-pose her feelings towards us hosoile, but it ismatter' of the most supreme indiference whether they beso or not. When the Hon. Company's steamer Victoria left Bushire on the 20th of March the town was being put in a state of defence, but not certainly with any very alarming - degree of skill. The loopholes and embrasures were so arranged that the' guns could neither be moved horizontally nor vertically, and could only fire straightforward from' Ithe position in which they were originally laid. In E.trying the guns in position the firing was always found to -shake, often to bring down, the walls,' so that an enemy would be saved the trouble of battering them. The wild savages who were brought from the interior under the name of soldiers looked very fierce and truculent, and were disposed to be insolent to our people until the Governor taught them manners by the rattan. There were riunours at Bunder Abbas that Dost Mahomed had been beaten at Herat, where 40 of his guns had been captured and 20,000 of his people. We have no reason whatever to believe that the Ameer conld bring such a force into the field atall, or, forthat matter, that hehadever gotbeyondCandahar. There is certainlynothing in the way of exaggeration on the face of the earth like a Persian rumour. " Proiound peace continues to prevail throughout India, and we have heard of no disturbance of any ,iescription on any of our borders. The arrangements in Oude proceed peaceably and quietly, as they have done from the first; and it ought to be considered something for the integrity of the press of, India that, in spite of the resources at the disposal of the dethroned monarch, and the lavishness with which he seems inclined to expend them, scarcely a single journal among.us has stood forth in his defence. The preliminaries for the absorption of the Baroda dominions are bectnninct to be taken. " Heavy showers and thunde'rstorms have begun to make their appearance up and down throughout the country, and we now begin to hope for an early 'fall of rain. We are suffering less from scarcity either of food or water than it was apprehended we should do, and with an early fall, and through' t,he prudent measures 'that have been pu.sued-, may probably to a great extent escape. "'The Governor-General is at Calcutta ;- it is said {hat he proposes remaining in Lower Bengal during the hot weather and rains, proceeding to the upper country in Nfovember. B,y this time he will have fully mastered the state of matters at the seat of his. *sasoinitaon remaining in Lower Bengal at a sesnwhen most of those who have the choice' would be very glad to leave it, indicating that he -thinks more of his official duties than of his bodily comfort. Lord Harris is at Madras, but is expected to proceed on a short visit to otacamund. Lord, Elphinstone remains at the seat of Government. ",The pressure in the money-market has given! way, but the state of the market for cotton piece goods is not encouraging. Freights are fiim." COMMIERCIAL ILTELLIGENCE. BOMBAY Mi.RKETS, FRoNr THE 2D TO THE 15TH OF APRIL. The Overland Mail of the 10th ult. arrived at Bonibay, per: Peninsular and Oriental steamer Ganges, on the 9th of' Thie pressure on our money-market has, durin0 thefort. night, abated to some extent, and, as anticipated m our last report, the banks have reduced their rates of interest 2 per cent, all round; and, as bullion in quantity' is'arriving both from England and China, wre are of opinmon that a further reduction in rates must take place soon. We have no marked change to report in Government or other securities. DrPoRTS. A fair amount of business has been done, principally owing, however, to the desire felt by most holders to sell off, owing to the rapidly approaching close of the season, the market for cotton piece goods having assumed a dull appearance, and the prices last quoted being now obtained .ith difEiculty for gray goods; gray shirtings of 40 and 45 inches have declined; Madapollams and T-cloths are in fair request, at a slight decline; long-loths and domestics of all descriptions are dull of sale. Bleached Goods.-Shirtings, low to middling, in good demand, but fine rather dull-the same remark applies to Madapollams. Satin spots are in fair request at a slight decline. Twill is in good demand, but jaconots of all deECriptions are dul of sale, as are alsO Turkey red plain. Pancy Coods.-Bleached mulls are in moderate inquiry. Dyed mulls and MIadapollams are dull, as are also book muslin, lenoes, and gauze, but lappets are in fair request. .arns.-The market has been tolerably steady, and a fair amount of business has been done. Mule twist, 20's, 30's, and 100's, have slightly advanced; 50's have declined, while the rest remain as before. In water twist 20's have advanced, but there is no change to note in 30's and 40's. Orange and Turkey red are very dulL Metals.-The market for English iron, nail rod, square and round, and sheet and hoop, is steady, former prices being rmaintained. Swedish bar has declined a little. Steel is in fair request. Lead is in good demand, pig having advanced, and sheet being scarce. Tin Plates are mn fair request, at last prices. Quicksilver is dull, and has declined. Copper.- Brazier's, bottoms, nnd sheathing are dull of sale, and the latter has declined. Tiles are in demand, and have advanced a little. Redlead is in demand, but white is dull. -. .B . ExPoBTs. Cotton Wool.-The market has remained steady; the last advices from home caused an advance in Broach, Dhollera, and-Oomrawutty to 105r., 100r., and 101r.; since then however, they have declined. Sheep's Wool is'in very good demand; Xhorasanand Neckran have advanced, but Marwar and Cntch remain as last quoted. The latter is scarce. J Hemp.-Ilajapore and Ghattee for local consumption are in good demand. There'is no change in Calicut. lepper.-Bhutcole and Malabar are both in good demand. Oil Seeds.-Inseed and rape are both dulL Teel is in good demand, and Niger is scarce ; but there is no change in prices. Cochineal is somewhat difficult to be put- off. Saifronis very dull of sale, and in no inquiry at all. Opium.-Last accounts from China were* so favourable ithat prces have advanced, and we now quote for Mundleseer i,135r, to 1,140r., and for Indore I,123r. to 1,130r. EXC-A?iGE.- Advanced to 2s. 2d. for firtclass paper on arrival of tlie .China mail, and'at that rate has continued steady, although. ' we beard of purchases of ba'nk bills at 2s. 1ld.; local credits wereolet off at 2s. 2Id. to2s. 2sd. * and documuents mnaybe ouoted 2s. 2gd.; on Calcutta, 60 days,' sight, 99r.; -on hina, 60 days' sight, 21Sr. - 'here is a backwardness to enter into fresh engagements particularly for Chia, whither the rate is entirely nominal, 'and none can be smined. 'To Liverpool and London tonuage I may be obtained for imme'diate shipment at 41. 5se. per ton,l nnd for linseed at 41, 10s.; otherwise 41. 7s. 6d. per ton is l the current rate. - - I
INTEREST F-OR A FIVxPoD . NOTE.-About! -threemonths oahdybelongingto Glasgow found herself1 -at Weymo tl on her *ay north, ind in consequence of her, vnprotected shte took -peesession of an empty fiast-cla5s; arnage. Eeie,- however, she was not long d&tified Aemarn alone as-s-a-visoon enteredin the shape-of a gentleMAn, remarkable for nothing but thl extfaondnary downcast ar,which stuckcto Dhin in spite of his 3aDifes ec!-deavouslto discrdit. A conversation soonened, and s-heieather and allcommonplac topic having-been discussed,fehinineQlcriosityinducedher to. inquire into the aeasonot the -glumness, and fathom tho mystery or the ; ecret so=row wocft ranlciea in mi osom. lie was -ected,he adnnitted; the truthb a ho had ;been gamblinz n the previous evening and had lo5tb all his ready mo-nny -I _ fact, hbewias reduced to such low straits that thot16ani 1 f 51; --*buld -- be;-taken -:ass an &pecial- favour;- co-jaId' Ihe oblige him? Sad -was his tale, and it was not- withouV, .taseffect. So 'tyoiithfuindiscretion,"" mnomentof fot," 'never do so any mo6re," and similar -phrases, having'been; 7bgndied, about; the-lady. handed over the requisite sunm. 'Addresses were exchanged_th3anl; tendered and accepted,I naii the travellers parted. -Meanwhile the lady- arrived at _home, and aaysp assed without any sign of a return-weelis i olled on with a like result-months were numbered, and it ciimo t-stl she never, despaired, in spito of fxiendly binterings, and the fact that the gentleinans address was; *false one.- At last her faith was rewarded, and her expect. rations crowned *ith sucbess. A letter was -rived on the -1st of this month froi her unkyiown debtor, enclosing his thiniks and a 101.-note, at the same time expressing a wish that she would not attempt to pierce the veil of his incognito. She did not, but she told us. and we give the story to the public.-GlasyowDaily fail.
ihe, CONKLICT BET. WEEBNtho--ABRICANS- -and the N ATI7ES of PANAMA. I _ We gave in our American intelligence; published yesterday, a short accouiet of a conflict which. had occurred on the Isthmus of Panama between some 'Anenican-passengers and the natives; and awe now givetfiefolok;-ingdescriptionof the outrage, gathered * from a letter addnis3ed to- the editor of the Nev York Herald by a passenger- of the steamship Cogtee, of- the Nicaragua line "A large number of -passengers, to the number of over w1,600, ere waiting at Aspinwall with their baggage, a-ad prepar{ng to go on board by the steamship John L Stephens a small` steamer mnooied at the enid of the wharf of the &ailroad company,. and alongside of which lay a luggage lighter. Both Of these veaaels were aground, and, when the disturbance occured, could not be madeavailable as a means of escape. The originator of the conffict was a drunkean man from New Orleans, who arived at Aspinwall by thePhiladelphia, c-alled 'New York Jack,e and who had been - some time strolling around thne suburbs of the eity, insulting' allihe met, stopping at s7fruit stand a few rods south or the: depOt, andinunediately getting into a quarrel about a vatermelon with the native who sold fruit. A pistol was drawn' by the rowdy, and the native flourished his knife in defence,' and the friends of the drunken man were soon pitted against a crowd of natives. In a moment a general row was awakened, and knives and pistols were flourished -without restraint. Assoonazthe fight became rather generalamong those who happened. to be near, the horbres shouted 'Cara7to Amc.7icano,' and hundreds oftheidemonsrushed into the conflict. The signal for assembling the police of the city was soon given; bugles sounded, and shouts of wazning were heard in all directions, and in afew moments 20 or 30) soldiers appeared, armed wiith muskets and fixed bayonets. The America Consul, the agent of the railroadcompany, and other gentlemen of influence interfered, but without avail, and the police, consisting mostly of blaclk natives of the country, in fll sympathy with the masses and the hatred of all Europeans, and especially Americans, commenced firing upen the passengers, killing as many as their miserable ability would allow. The passe.- gers were generally unarmed and entirely defence-less, and the miscreants shot them down while endeavouring to escape from the dlee. A few rods south of where the riot commenced stood the 'Pacific-house,' a quasi hotel, where were congregated a large number of the passengers. The police and the desperate band of natives ushed towards it, and the efforts of those inside to prevent their ingress being ineffectual, they broke in, cutting and shooting at everything that opposed them. The bar, which was well stored -with liquors, was soon demolished. After drinking and securing what they desired they made their way upstairs, and broke open and robbed every trunk, bag, and other things supposed to contain clothing or money. The inside of the house was completely destroyed. The Ocean-house, a littlenearer the depot, 'and a much larger building, was crowded with men, women, and children, to the number of 250 or 00, but thebar-room and other parts of thehouse were objects of much greater attraction to the savage rioters. The americans had by this time become alarmed for their safety and that of their families and friends, and being mostly without arms, now only sought a retreat from the barbarity of their assailants. The so-called police band fired into the Ocean. house in all directions, throughthepartitions,windows, and doors, and literally riddled the building, wounding several and ldlling one or two. They demolishedthe bar, fixtures, aud furniture ofthehouse, aud drove out every person, pillaging everything and everybody. Here thoy obtained a considerable amount of money, besides clothing and other property, and every person in the house that could fled, leaving all be. hind-some to the depOt, some to the beach, some to the woody thickets that were not far off, some towards the city wals, and nearly all to be met again, and again exposed to the fire and knives of these merciless brutes. From the Ocean-house the mob proceeded to the depot, where it was supposed a stand could be made aggainst them. The hope washowever, vain. Intheconfusionthe railroad officershadbeen unable to organize an efficient force, andresistance could not be made. "The building was crowded with passengers guarding their baggago, and endeavouring to find safety tnere, some of whom met the foe manfully; but the force could not be Tesisted, and they broke in and made the place a real slaughterhoUse. At least 500 persons were in the depot when-it was attacked, several -of whom were killed on the Fspot, and many others badly wounded. Here was a shocking scene presented, not only of murder but robbery and pillage. Hundreds of trunL-s and packages were broken open, and their contents taken or scattered over the ground. The floor was covered with blood. and, the papers of the railroad company and those of the passengers were strewn about, smeared with the blood of those who were the innocent victims of these infernal deaons. When the depot 'was entered the crowd dispersed in all directions; but a large portion of them fled towards the wharf and the small steamer lying at the outer end. Upon this were crowded 600 or 700 persons, including nearly all thewomen and children. A considerable portion -of the baggage' of the Flilinois passengers had been removed from the depOt before the' affEay commenced, and was piled upon a lighter which lay on the outside of the Teboga. -This part of the baggage was hid from the natives, and from this, or some other cause, was left unharmed. 'When the villains had driven everybody from the de-pot, they followed in the direction whenco the greatest number fled, towards the wharf. On arriving at the head of the wharf, and perhaps 8o yards from the steamer, their progress was arrested by some means, not exactly ascer. tained-some said by a public order of the authorities, wnile others supposed it was the sight of so many women and children, from whom the desperados could not expect to take any booty. Whatever was the cause, they did not, fire upon the steamer, though they shot into a storeship that lay on the north side of the wharf, wounding one or two, and then continued their ravages in other directions. The passengers of the Cortes were, many of them within the walls of the town, stopping at the various hotels, and, therefore, not more, perhaps, than half of them came within the range of the scene of action. At the first alarm the gates of the town were closed, and about eight o'clock all the busmess houses were shut and every building in the city barricaded as well as maight be under the circumstances. Consternation prevailed throughout. The bells of the city rung, and every indication was given of danger and terror 'among the inhabitants, It would be vain to attempt a detail of outrages committed upon thepassengers. Somewere robbed of all they had-money and clothing, while others only paid a tribute of a few dollars, under a promise of protection by the police. One Cortes passenger was robbed of $4,500 in gold dust, aud another of 143 ounces-$2,500. The money was, in some cases, hid in tranks and sacks, and often carried in belts around the owners; and in the latter case' the clothes were stripped from the person in a bratal, manner, and the moneytaken,' sometimes leaving the victim -helpress and bleeding. At the Ocean Eouse and Pacific all the baggage was scattered, as at the depOt, and more money taken in proportion, because many of the inmates of those houses were returning Califorians. There was among these' also, a large amount of valuable baggage, consisting of jewelry, trinkets, crape, shawls, &., carried as presents. " It is' estimated that the baggage taken and destroyed was'worth $20,000, besides the money lost, which was at' least $30,000. The loss of life could not be ascertained with certainty. Eighteen were lying dead the next morning' in and about the depOt,' and many others were missing' and badly wounded-perhaps, 10 mortaly. At least, 30: must have been killed -and 20 wounded. Among the lattcr was tho Secretary of the American Consul. "'Veryfewoftheldlled wereknownto the Cortes' peen gers. A desperate fellow, by the name of Stokes, and one' other of the Cortes' passengers, were known to be among the Idlled, and several others are missing. It vwas reported that abont 40 natives were killed, including several of the 'police. The riot lasted till near morning. It was ascer'tained that one woman and two children only were killed, th6ugh several others were badly wounded; one having her hand shattered to pieces, and another being shot through the shoulder. The mischief was - principally done by the viL lanous police, under pretence of keeping order; a large 'portion of those killed and wounded received shots from 'their muskets. But few' others of the natives had firearms, (though they inflicted mo3t shokling and brutal wounds Fwith 'their sabres or cutlasses, 'which nearly all of them ordinarily carry. The rascals who carried mnuskets 'by 'authority,' fired into. the houses, and crowds of innocent :people who'were striving'to escape, without the slightest '!excusa or' inducement, except hatred of Americans and a determination to kil and rob all they could. The Panama -Ilallroad Company suffered severely. All the papers of tho office nuot only were destroyed, but tho building wis rid-died, and' the track - torn up- some distance from the depot, in order to secure the cars that might run in from Aspinwall, and also to prevent a train from running out. -It is understood 'that among the killed were two of the watchmen of the company. The express matter of Wells and Fargo, coming by the Illinois, was not carried over to PAnibsa with the passengers, but started on a train at evenlng. The robbers at Panama were aware of this, and waited for its arrival, expecting it to nm off the track tonm :up.bh them, and-thus become an easy prey. Just before its 'arrival atTanama, one of the passenger conducters(Williams) -was taken by the natives, while watching the arrival of 'thc tramn,-and threatened wvith instant death unless be would go' and meet the train and bring it in, -which he agreed to do. - They swore they would kill every man on the train. .He.raa and metit just before it camne to the broken trak, and waved a handkerchief as a signal to stop, and, jump. ing on to the engine, begged of the engineer to back. -Iwas inshntly done, while the negroes approslled within a few rods. The train ran back to AspinwaU, nld *s therebysaved. The treasure brought down by the Coit;s .ras notlanded before theniot, and wagsaed - 2mornig the rioters, wearied and many of them drtcnk,liy in their huts and boats asleep, and order was pa. tially restored. The Cortes' pawelgers were .huiedof early to AspiviPII, whence they enibarkedon thel17th f6r 2New York, rid Havannah, on the steamer-Philadelphia. ]S they left Panaisa some of the natives *oe euietly oye. hauling iheir baggage in and axoauajthe depot, andt ey -were advised not to interfere in any way, lest another o, break should ensue."
BANDS IN THE PARKS. - The following letter has been addressed to IeUj. tenant-Colonel Dickson by Sir B. (all - "9, Great Stahnope-atreet, iay 13. " Dear Sir,-It is with much regret that I am under the necessity of informing you that I have received in. structions not to allow the bands to play any more ia the parmis or gardens on Sunday afternoon. I beg again to thank you for your consideration i;; offeriug the band rl1 your regiment for the gratification of the work-ing classes of Spitalfields and Bethnal-green and the densely-populate .eighbourhood of Victoria Park. I was very glad to meet -you in Victoria Park on Sunday last, a5 you were thus u .irtness, as well as miyself, of the excellent conduct of the 85,191 persons there assembled, and who so thoroughly en. joyed the mauic you were so good as to provide for them. " I am, dear Sir, yours faithfullv. 'SE1. HALL. " lieutenant-Colonel Dickson!'
THE BAND IN ZENSINGTOV-GARDENS. TO TEE EDIrOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-I am the incumbent of a laroge parish, numbering some25,C00 souls. These are principally of theworling classes. Feeling a deep interest in the movement happ.y 'commenced by Sir Benjamin Hall, I went into Kensidton. gardens this afternoon to judge for myself. I had been told that the crowd that usuaUly assembled there arws not of the class whose improvement is sought. Knowing not a little of the habits of this cbiss, I can now safely say that of the vast crowd Iwitnessed full 70 bat of every 100 were such as would be found in places -where they ought not to be were it not for the innocent and uncriminal recreation th13 afforded them. Its softening and civilizing effects, the admirable behaviour of everyindividual there, yourown cor. respondent will describe to you better than I can. But what I would respectfully ask of you is to use some ofyour great influence on behalf of the poor wretches whose positionmoraly, socially, and religiously will bo so much benefitted by this movement. Nor do I ask without cause, as it is -within my knowledge, and doubtless within yours,that my brethren the clergy, and those members of Parliament who think with them, are not going to leave one stone unturned in order t? suppress the movement. It is not my object hereto argue upon the sin or the sanctity of what Sir Benjamin Hlall is doing, but to express a hope that the time has not yet come when the harmless enjonments 3f the worldng classes of this country are to be sacrifioed to the puritanism of i few bigotted members of the House of Commons. If they lived, as I do, in the midst of Sunday-drinking and Sunday. rioting, they might, perhaps, be induced to examine whether the principles they uphold or those which admit of innocent recreation on the Lord's-day are the correct principles of the GospeL There is a struggle evidently at hand between tno real and puritanical observance of the Sabbath. The lower orders of the people (whose chief concern it is) are toco sensual, too ignorant, and too debased to take any part of importance in it. All they care aboit is the opening of publichouses. That they have obtained sufficiently to answer their vicious and sensual purposes. Any thing of an elevating and softening nature the bulk of theim regard indifferently, because they have no desire in that way. The question, therefore, is, will those who really feel the necessity of improvin'g the state of the worldng classee allow this great but simple movement of the Government to be swamped, because a few active followers of John Knox so desire it? Yet swamped it will boe, unless a correspond. ing activity shall be raised on the other side. I am neither High Church, Low Church, nor Broad Church, but I am convinced of this, that we shall never get the working people to our churches until we first wean them from the publichouses. Our empty seats show that our sermons have failed to do this. Let us open and soften their minds by harmless and innocent recreations; we shall then prepara them better to receive our sermons. As my real name would add nothing to the importance of this great question, I shall simply sign myself an INCUNMBENT. - May LI. 1, however, enclose my card for your privats satisfaction.
AIR. DRBUAMOKID AND AUR. BO WYER. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TM S. I Sir,-Ifr. Draimmond writes you a letter lest your readers should be led away by what he calls " the sophistry of Mr. Dvowyer's instractors," and I now claim the same privilege to prevent their being led away by the ingenious misrepre sentations of M1r. Dnumnond. It is very difficult to understand Mr. Drnmmiond. I my. self heard him, on his legs in the House, say that the sacri. fice of the mass is the most sacred thing in this country, and yet he takes every opportunity of vilifying and abusing the Roman Catholic church! A nd noVw I have before me his letter, most elaborately composed, to blacken and abusa that church. I must remind Mr. Drunmmond that, two years ago, he stated to the House of Commons that Ligaori, the greatest modern authority in moral theology, and a canonized saint, held that the Pope has the power of dispensing with the laws of God, provided itbe done for a just cause (ijsktd cacuse] He is nowv forced to admit, in his letter of this morning, that this statement was not trae; that the passage which he cited to the House as an opinion of Liguori is not so, but is an opinion of Bausenbaum. This instance of the candour of Mr. Drummond ought to put your readers on their gaard whenever they read his speeches and writings. Biat he says in his letter that Liguori makes the whole question of the dispensing power of the Pope turn on expediency. I answer-that Liguori does no such thing. These are the vords of Liguori, lib. 1, tract. 2, num. 189:-" Nuni antem Papa possit dispensare in aliquibus pneceptis Divinis! Prima sententia affirmat ex potestate delegatA a Deo uanado expedit dispensatio. Ita Sanchez et Canus . . . qui vocant hane satis probabilem. Secunda quam probabiliorem merito putant Salm. cum Seto. Thom. (Aquinas) Sftarez, &c. Xlegat quia nullibi hiec concessio reperitur Papse facta a Deo.~' Thus Liguori expressly says that the power of dispensing with Divine laws, "' quando expedit," has not been granted by God tothe Pope. In another place, lib. 6, tract. 6, num. 1,119, Liguori says-" Nunquam posse Papama dispensare in iis que saunt de absoluto jure Divino ;" and a little lower down he says, with St. Thomas Aquinas-"Prmceptis juris Divini, qum sunt a Deo, nullus potest dispensare nisi Deus, Tel is cui ipse specialiter committeret." This ought to suffice. But MIr. Drummond, after misrepresenting the opinioa of Sanchez and Canus, tries to fix Liguori with that opinion about dispensations; whereas, Liguori states it only as an opinion, and denies it in the very next paragraph, by saying that the better opinion is that the Pope can never dispense with the divine law. Again, Mr. Drammond says tliAt LiAguori makes Bausenbaum's opinion his own. I deny it.- for he gives that opinion in inverted comnmas, as a quota' tion, and I have shown that his own opinion is the reverse of that of Bausenbaum. And Liguori does notn make the passage of Bausenbaum a £equitu,r to what lie has been saying, as Mr. Drummond alleges. The word dixi, on, vhich, I suppose, lir. Dremmond relies, is in inverted commas, andis part of the quotation, and not Liguori's. Mir. Drummond asserts that Liguori says, "in ao many words, that the Pope might give a man (a cardinal, forexanple) a non; obio7atur for keeping a mistress, butfor itsinvolv ing all sorts of impropriety and inexpediency." Nvow, in tIo first place, the passage which he cites says nothing about a cardinal, so that the parenthesis is a mere gratuitous piece of impertinence; and, in the second, it is grossly misstated. The passage merely gves an instance of what E a dispensation cannot do, aned loes not say that the dispensation could be granted but for the impropriety. In the third place, the passage is not the opinion of Liguor, but that of Sanchez, as the next parasraph shows. - Only one point in Mr. Drunmond's letter-remains to be disposed of. He says that I3guon claims for the Pope the power of nullifying the obligation of all Divine laws. The passLgewhich he citeslproves nothing of the kind. It merely says that the Pope can declare judicially, in a particular case, that it is not within the meaning of the Divine law. Those laws have their limitations and exceptions as -wed as other laws, and the power of deciding on such cases is nece. sary-propfer humanarum rmrnim voridatckn-tbat is to say, on account of the various combinations of circumstances out of which exceptiolls to general rules arise. This is the clear meaning of Ligguori. But the perverse ingenuity of Xr. Drummond is never at a loss to dress up truth in the gaib of falsehood for the purpose of annoying tho-e who differ from 1dm in opinion. This seems to be the object of his the.o logical studies. It would bea pity to silence him,, for heais so very amusing; but let him keep -within cerin limits and abstiin from using his vast powers of misrepresentation. his wit, and his ingsnuity to attack the convichons and the feelngs of his fellow subjects, ltrast that youwill grant to thisletteraplaeein your columns. Your obedient seriant, GEO1RULW .lIUWY XXA xempie, zuyw.
THE ABMY IN THE CRIMEA. GrnEAL ORDERS. Head- quO h Sebastopol, April 26. ''o. L On the e3nbarcation of the army, arrangements will be made, if posAible, for the transport of the number of staff and regiental officers!chareers specified in the scale, pes 49 ana 50, War-office Regulations, under the head of "Abroad not with ai Armyinthe Field." Itisveryuncertain whether transport for even this number can be provided in the same vessels with the troops. No blt horses are included inthe scale,. and field allowance having been issed to cover the expense of providing them, no claim for compensation can be entertained for the loss of such as may not have been disposed of on the embarcation of their owners. Passmages cannot be provided for the horses of brevet fieldofficers, staff-officers who may be required to rejoin their regiments, either on embarcation or on the abolition of the;r appointments; stafi' ofcers who may obtain leave of absence, chaplains, officers of the junior ranks in the vanious departments w;ho ran3k with captains and subal- Eorage NiU be alloweed for a reasonable time for the b~on4dc :chargers of staff-officers who may rejoin their regiments on the abolition of their appointments. The usual application will be made in each case to the military *ecretary. In the uncertainty as to the means of transport, and at what time it can be provided, and it being doubtful whether claims for compensation for lost or injured horses wil be favourably considered, the Commander of the Forces recommends to aU officers to dispose of their horses by any means in their power. There will be an opportunity of selling horses at a bazaar, to be held, by arrangement with the Russian authorities, ai. Xackeazie's Farm, on Wednesday, April 30, at 10 a. (The direct road to which is Traktir-bridge.) No. 2. General officers commanding divisions will name officersor non-commissionedcfficers of the Royal ArtiUerv, belonging to the batteries attached to their divisions, to be present at the collection of shot by fatigue parties, so that no shel's may be brought from the front. Sir Richard Dacres wiU see that similar arrangements are made at the ailway termini, LeftAttack, and Balaklava. The explosion of an old shell has caused one serious accident, and every precaution must be ta-en to prevent any similar misfortune. No. 3. Brevet-Major M'Mahon, 44th Regiment, supernumer-y of his rank with the service companies, will proceed to Malta. No. 4. Lieutenant Tilley, 23d Regiment, having embarkced from England on the 9th of September, 1855, may draw field allowance according tohis rank for the quarter ending the 30th of September, 1S55. "No. 5. Staff-Sergeant B. Bartlett has been appointed senior clerk in the Adjutant-General's office, head-quarters, with the rank, pay, and allow-ances of sergeant-major, from the Ist of April, vice Staff Sergeant-Major A. Baird, promoted in the Land Transport Corps. "lNo. 6. Leave of absence is granted to Brevet-Major Reilly, Deputy Assistant Quartermaster-General, Royal Artiery, to the 10th of May. On medical certificate, to Lieutenant-Colonel Paterson, 3d Regiment, to the 31st of 3ay-to proceed to Scutari. On very urgent private affairs, to Surgeon Blake, tSthRetiment, to the 30th of June; and, ntil hsretirement from the service, to Captain John Inglis, 11th Hussars. 'No. 7. 3fedical boards wil assemble to inquire into the state of health of Lieutenant Montgomery, 7th Regiment, mnd Quatermaster Connell, 4th Regiment. The principal medical officer will be pleased to give the necessary directions. By order, C. A. WINDHA M, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, April 27. No. 1. The Field-Marshal Commanding in Chief has been pleased to grant leave of absence for the benefit of his health to Lieutenant-Colonel J. Yorke, Lst Dragoons, to the 9th of June. No. 2. The spare arms marked for different regiments, and now in store under charge of Mr. Young, Commissary of Ordnance, wil be packed separately, by regiments, and placed on board the same vessels in which the regiments embark. On arrival at their destination, if the arms are not required for wse, they will be returned into the nearest ordnance store. INo. 3. Commissary-General Adams, C.B., having arrived, has assumed the charge of the commissariat department with this army from the 24th inst. - No.4. Deputy Commissary-General Drake, C.B., vwll assume the Commissariat charge of the Turkish Contingent. No. 5. All wateruroof clothing will be retained by regiments until orderet for embarcation, when the serviceable and repairablo coats, sheets, &c., will be returned into the Quartermaster-General's stores forthwith. No. 6. The winter allowance of fuel and light will cease on the 30th of ApriL The summer allowance will be issued from the 1st of May. No. 7. With reference to General Order No. 2, of the 5th of March, Major Ireland, 3d West India Regiment, having performed the duties of Assistant Adjutant-General to the Land Transport Corps, may dlraw the pay and allowances of that rank from the 9th of January to the 7th of Nfarch. No. S. Captain Ross, 3d Battalion Rifle Brigade, is appointed Aide-de-Camp to Brigadier-GeneralLawrence, C.B., with the usual pay and allowances, vice Lieutenant Grey, 2d Battalion Rifle Brigade, from the 25th of April. No. 9. The following officers havin- been appointed to act as field officers, may draw field affowance accordinlyviz., Brevet-Major H. L. Gardiner, Royal Horse Artillery, Irom the 29th of March; and Brevet-Major H. B. Hoste, Royal Artillery, from the 22d of April. No. 10. Acting Assistant-Surgeon Dr. Veale wil embark en board the Tynemouth for England, in medical charge of mien of the Army Works Corps, on the 28th inst. No. IL Invalids selected by the principal medical officer for removal to the Bosphorus will embark in the Gibraltar this day. Nominal rolls and ration certificates wiiU be sent before 12 o'clock to Staff-Paymaster Macdonnell, at Balaklava. Nominal rolls and ration certificates wil also be sent with the soldiers at the time of embarcation to the officers in military charge of the detachments_on board the Gibraltar. No. 12. Captain W. Barnett, Royal Artillery, wvll also proceed to England, reporting his arrival to the Adjutantxeneral of Royal Artillery at the Horse Guards. No. 13. Captain and Lieutenant-Colonel Atkinson, Scots -Fusileer Guards, will proceed to England, on promotion, to join the 2d Battalion, to which he has been posted. No. 14. Lieutenant S. Rogers, 33d Regiment, being in command of a company, may draw field allowance and forage as aCaptain from the Sth of April. No. 15. Surgeon Lockwood, 8th Hussars, having acted as Senior Surgeon at Ismail, may draw field allowance as firstclass Staff Surgeon from the 11th of November, 1855, to the 21st of December, 185a. No. 16. Leave of absence is granted to Colonel the Hon. H. Percy, Grenadier Guards, to the 31st of M%ay; and to Captains L. Brabazon and A. Williams, Royal Artillery, to the 10th of May. At the recommendation of a medical board, to MTajor Berainore, 20th Regiment, to proceed to England; on arrival he will report himself to the A dintant-General. 'tntil his retirement from the service, to Lieutenant C. Wilford, 18th Regiment. No. 17. A medical bocard will assemble to inquire into the state of health of Lieutenant Sir David Baird, 7th Regiment, Aide-de-Camp. The principal medical officer will ,be pleased to give the necessary directions. No. 18. The foUlowing soldier is appointed Clerk in a military department :-Corporal S. Taylor, Coldstream Guards; 2s. a-day from the 1st of April. Erratum.-In general order uNTo. 3, of yesterday's date, for "Brevet-Mfajor MI'MWahon, 44th Regiment," read "Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Mt'Mahon, 44th Regiment." By order, C. A. W1XDHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, April 28. No. 1. Rifle Shooting.-The Commander of the F-rces will give a prize of 10s. to each regiment in the Crimea,-to be competed for by the non-cominissioned officers and privates; and, in addition, the winner will be permitted to select any one book from the Queen's library, in which wi he entered a certificate that it is a prize for good firing. Should the soldier prefer it, a new copy of the book selected will be sent free to any place at home that he may desire. One non-commissioned officer or private soldier per company of each regiment to compete. Each m,an to lire ten rounds at a single target, upon which wil be marked an oval of 3 ft. by 2 ft., outside which no shot will count. The greatest number of hits, without regard to bull's-eyes, will constitute the winner. Ties to be shot off with additional rounds. The firingto be without bayonets. In case of disautes arising they are to be referred to Captain Hammersley, D8eputy-Assistant Quartermaster-General, HIead. quarters, wvhose decision will be considered final. No. 2. Officers commnding regiments and heads of departments are held responsible that all sums due by those mder their command for articles drawn from the Quartermaster-General's stores are paid into the hands of the Ordnance Paymaster prior to the'embarcation of the troops; and they will forward a certificate to the Quartermaster. General, stating that the aborve order has been complied with. No. 3. The Oth Regiment will embark in the steam-trans port Resolute on Wednesday, the 30th inst. The Quartermaster-General will make ail necessary arrangements. No. 4. Lieutenant Rolo, 9th Regiment, having tendered unconditionally the resignation of his commission, will proceed to England. On arrival he will report himself to the Adjutant-General. No. 5. Captain Bruce, 82d Regiment, supernumerary of his rank-, with the service companies, will proceed to Bngland tojoin the depot. No. 6. Lieutenant Leith, 92d Regiment, being in command of a company, may draw field allowance and forage as a Captain from the 18th of ApriL No. 7. Leave of ubsence is granted to Brevet-Major Astley, Scots Fusileer Guards, to the 10th of May; Ca tain P. Mostyn, Scots Fusileer Guards, to the 10th of Miay; Lieutenant C. T. Wynne, Grenadier Guards, to the tOth of NIay; Lieutenant Pealcock, 30th Regiment, to the 10th of 3Nay; Lientanantllurnahy, Royal Artillery, to ths 15th of Nay. At the recommendation of a medical board, to Quartermaster Comnell, 4th Regiment, to proceed to England; on arrival he will report himself to the Adjutant. General. No.S. A medical board will assemble to inquire into the state of the health of Staff Assisnt-Surgeon H. Atkinson. The principal medical offcerwill be pleased to give the necessary directions. NTo.9. Sergeant Hans Carson, 57th Regiment, is appointed Deputy Provost-Miarsha], with pay at 4s. 9d. a-day, vice Sergeant Blake, 17th Regiment, from the 27th of April. No. 10. Assistant Conunissary-General Booth, having left one charger at the public service, forage may be drawn for it. By order, C. A. WVIDHAr, Chief of the Staff. Dovim.-Lady Pannurz arrived at Dover at 5 a.m. yesterday, from Calais, by the Vivid m ail-bea Captain Moore. At 4 p.m. the Vivid left, with Lord CoIley, for Julogne,
SHIP NEW& LIVLFRPO)OL MAY 12 Arsved.-'Te ienevieve, from Ceara-theMfargaret Pollock and the Asayria, from New Orleans-the Kitty Cordes and the Culloden, fr. m Mobile-the Flora, from Gallipoli. Seiled.-The steamer Margaret, for Havne-the Lord Althorp, for Valparaiso-the Meander, for Alexandria. Wind, N., rain. MAY 13. Arrived.-Tho Exodus, from Calao-the 3farian, from Antigua-. the General Wiltshire, from Charleston-the Ann and Jane, from Hamburg-the William Jackson, from Savannah-the Elise, from Dantoic. Sailed.-The Emma, for Quebec-the Lady Milton. for Galle-tha Callao, for Lima-the Only Son for Rio Janeiro-the Pudsey Dawson. for San Francisco-the Owen Varra, for Riga-the Streoneshalk, for Hayti. LonDOzc, BMay 13.-mind, at noon, W. ; light breeze, and dull, hazy weather. FAacours, Mlay 12.-Wind, N. Arrived, the Miles, from Buenos Atres-the steamer Ondine, from Dublin, and It!t for London. SMF0150, May 12.-The Gcorgefirown, of Cork, from Kinsale for Cardiff, parted both anchors ilst night, and went on shore north of the bar; assistance is being gtven to get her off. SurrDS, M1ay 12,-The John Biotcherby, of this port, from London, arrived hero on the 6th inst. wiith damnage, after being on shore. SvERsnirs?ro, Mfay it-The Admiral flood, of and from LJ drove against the pier; her rudder ia gone, and she has been heled""Y the rock-s. NLw Your;, April 30.-The James Guthrie, from Mfobile for Ferrol, whichstruck neartheTortugasonthe23thof March, wastowedinto Key West on the 11th of April very leaky. Her cargo was being made up into rafts, and she wou be repaired assoon an it was all out. Nswirrrxrc, May12,-TheAugusta, frome Costantinople for Sti, vangr, ut i yeterdy wth argomuc heaed,andwilledicharge IIIAsIOATE, M1ay it-AS headboard, marked " Kindrackal," a brig's lowver mast, and a cargo-book of the Charlotte Mann, of Fowey, Gian ville master, h.ave been ?Dicked up er Dncraaounc, Ma.ya .-Wind, hfers, ried the Augusta, from london for China, assisted in waith lees of bowisprit, cutw,ater. bowis stove, and other damage, from contact with a ship off the Bill of QuxvBC, April 29-The river and harbour are free of ire. PoRT ELIzAngrar, ALGO.A BAY, March IS.-The Ranid, from the Muritius for London, which put in heroe on the 27th of February leaky, has been surveyed, and is about to be condemnied; her sound cargo is being tranahipped to the Eallng Grove*; about 144 bags of damagedrugarhave already been sold; and,inuntil she is totallydischarged, the extent of the darnage cannot be reported. Notou, May i.-The Emelieo (Ianoveriasn), from London for Harbuag, was stranded on the Island of Norderney; crew landed, materials being saved GRAVESEND, MAY 13. (BY SuVXAM-x tIeD BBsmsu TZrLZOWHLJ (From Llo2d's.) 9 30 a.m.-Wind, westerly; tide, 21 hoirs' ebb; cloudy. Arrived.-The Alma, from Thisted-the Prosperity, from Brussels the Huricane, from Calcutta-the Ernst, from Odense-tho Con1 merce, from Hamburg-the M1erida, from St. Vincent's. I p.m.-Wind, W.; tide, 4 hours' ebb; fine. Arrived.-The steamer Panther, from Boulogne. 3 pm.-Wmd, S.W.; tide, I hour'sf flod; cloudy. No arrivals. Salled,-The steamer Foyle, far Guernsey-the Canada, for St. Vincenes-the Zeldenwrmst, for St. Petersburg. 730 p.m.-Wind, W.S.W.; tide, highiwater, fine. Arrived-The Ellenborough, from Sydney-the Twe Gebrueder, from Nordenduys-the Gothen, from Stockholm-the Six Sisters, from Randers-the Hotspur and the Edwin Forest, from Calcutta-the steamer Iberia, from Tonning-the Christiana, from New York-the Invincible and the Statesman, from Melbourne. DEAl4 Mn.Y 13. (Br SwBeAtxr AND EBBr[I Tnz:oar.n (From Lloyd's). 9 a.m.-Wind, S.S.W., lirht. Passed-The Tasmania. the Sappho, the Antipodes, the Statesman and the Dolphin, with the whole of the homeward-bound vessels suppoeed to leeward yesterday-theWooloomooloo, fromSydney-the Swanley, from Jamaica-theAlpha, from Alexandria-theOrweU fromBombay-the Sorata, fromCallao-theWilberforce, from the Mauritius-the Palm, from Antigua; all for London. Noon.-Wind, S.S.W., moderate. Passed-Her Majesty's ship Firefly, with two mortar-vemels, for Sheerness-the Renshawv, from hfogador-the Queen Victoria, from the Mauritius-the Cambrian, from Jamaica-the Telegraph, from CalIao-the Louis, from - -the Clfton Hail, from Trinidadthe Statesman, from Port PhiDip-tho Joseph Weir, from the Mauritius-thc Viscountess Canning, from Demerara-the Thomas and JosePh Crisp, from Sierra Leone-the Lady Sondes, from St. }itt'the Camdoc, from Porto Rico-the Emerald, from Cadiz; all for london-the Harvest Home, from Callao for Leith-the Balder, from Alexandria -the Florence, from Demerara-the Aurora, from Trebironde-the Sanders, from Cardiff-the Remar and the Electric, from the Mauritius-the Ocean Spray, from Manila-the Kir,wood, from NewZealand-the Waterloo, from Sydney-the Heob, from Honduras -the Trinidad, from Syra-the Southampton, from Calcutta-the St. Jago, from Mlauritius-the Alice, from Jamaica-the Experiment, from Poole-the Alfred, from Mareilles-the Larange, from Cubathe Groutele, from Porto Rico.-all for London-the Alexander, from La Guyra for Hamburg-the Faith, from Lisbon for Elsinoro. Anchored.-The Oneida, from Adelaide for London. 2 p.m.-Wind, W.S.W., moderate. No arrivals. 7 30 p.m.-Wind, W.S.W.; fresh. Arrived and Pased,-ThePetronelia, from Buenos Ayre-the Agues, fwomJamaica-the EUlen Rawson, from Colombo-the Highland Home, from Algoa Bay-the W. A. Platenius, from Calcutta-th. bark Pauline Houghton, from Mauritius-the Alexander Wiws from BombaY-the Irene. from Adelaide-the Hopewell, from Barbadoesthe bark Hero, from Launceston-the bark Champion, from St. Yincent's -the brig Ann and Sarah, and the Orient, from the westward,all for London-the Givors, from Mauritius for Antwerp-the Cia. rinda, from Alexandria for Hull-the Kerming, from Portsmouth for New-astlo-Her 3Mestybs ship Otter, with No. 5 mortar vessel, for Sheerness-the Meta, from Galatz for Bremen-the Elizabeth, from La Rochelle for Drontheim-the Samuel, from Havanmah for Hamburg-the Slade, from Cowes for Hamburg-the Martin Luther, from Laguna for Texas-the E. Wright, jun., from Charleston for Rotterdam. Vxssaxs Sroxxsc WNr. The brig Mary Allan, from the Mauritius for Cork, March 4, in lat. The American ship Ben Alise, 308days fromfombay,forLiverpooL TheDrednoght frm te Cre f GodHOPe for London, Mlarch29,tant. TS., long. 17W. p or Long. Th e Glorioso, from Calcutta for London, April 1, in tat. 2 S., long. The Danish brig Wilhelmina, from Santos for Cower, April 16, in lat. 22 N., long. 39 W. The shp 2 ditingUsihing pendant No. 9,564, from Arracan for Liverpool, April 20, in lat. 2827I., long. 44 W. The bark Island Home, from Admiralty Sound forLondon, May 8, in lat. 48 NL, long, lO W. The John Miller, from Liverpool for Quebec, Mray 5, in lat. 49 N., long. 17 W. The Teneriffe, of Brixham, May7, in lat. 49 N., long. S W. The Aristocrat, bound west, April 27, inlat. 30 N., jong. 11 W. The steamship Baltimore, from Liverpool for Philadelphia, Mray 4, minlt. 42NX., long. 56 W. The fBremen sWp Johanna Wilhelmina, bound west, May 8, in lat. 44 X., long. 43 W. The American hip Walter Scott, Mray 9, in lat. 49 N., long. 23W. The American Congress, Mlay 10, in lat. 5o N., long. 18 W. The Ambassador, from London for Table Bay, March 29, in iat. The ship Rosamond, from Liverpool for Pahia, lMarch 27, in lat. 12 S., long. 12Wlat.4 X, lng 3 W The brig Peacon. of Sunderland, May 4, in tat. 46 N., 1aug. 32 W. The brig Alderman Pfine, same day. The transport Wi3n3do, from Hobart Town for Portsmouth, Jan. 21, HIGH WATER AM LONDON-BRIDGE THI DAY. Morning 5. 89 mm. after 91 Afternoon .. 33 min. a'ter 10
HEB BISHOP OF BANGOR AND THE WARDEN OF B UTHINI. TO THE EDITOR OF THIE TI3ES. Sir,-As you have admitted into Tie Times of the l0th nst. an analysis of a correspondence which has passed between the Bishop of Bangor and myself, I rely upon your sense of justice to give equal publicity to these observations from me. I wish it to be clearly understood that I have had nothing whatever to do, either directly or indirectly, with the printig, publishing, or circulating of the pamphlet containing the correspondence. The sole offence alleged against me is, that I solicited signatures to n respectful petition for increased services in certain churches of the diocess. There is great danger of this public question, of vital importance to the church, being overlaid by personalities. The public, therefore, sholdt have the main questin at issue kept prominently before them. In accordance with this line of thought, I desire to dismiss the subject as affecting myself, merely expressing my deep regret at the painful collisionwhich has arisen between indraidiis, and my earnest hope that God will vouchsafe to bring good out of evil, and to cause the present scandal to work for eventual improvementto the church in Wales. I remamu. Sir.vgrnr nl.A;n,rs - BULKIEY o.- JONES, Warden of Ruthin.
RoyAz CoLLEGE oF SuRGE&Ns.-The following. gentlemen, having undergone the necessa-ry examinations for the diploma, were admitted me'mbers of the College at the meetinig of the Court of Examiners on the l2th inst. : P. Owen, Clapton, Hungerford, Berkshire; J. Spode, Van Diemeni's Land; William Freeland J'ohnson, ColchesterJames Greenwood, queen's-road, Dalston; Willam Fart quhar Davis, Hon. East India Company' Service; Christopher Wragg, Manchester; Robert Maters Theobald, Kentish-town; George Fxederick Augustus Knapp, North. wic'k, Worcestershire; Samuel Henry Green, New Garratt, MAanchester;- Patrick, Lyell, Gardyne, Forfarshire; Wlillian! Clare, Highe'r Hurst, ashton-under-Lyne; Robert Fryer, Liverpool; andl Charles Pigg, Wokingham, Berkshire. The following gentlemen, having undergone the necessary examinations, were admitted licentiates in midwifery at the meeting of the Board on the 13th inst :-Messrs. Williama Henry HaIyden, High Wycombe - Arthur Taylor, Kings. clere, Hampshire; Peter Wilim,Ca-rmarthen, South
LAW REPORT. db - . . I COURT OF QUEE2N' BENCH, GUILDHALL, MAY 13. COOK.V. BAYflTO1X. Si#mQ7 at ZfVA Prtte, before' Mrr. Jujtke COLERIDGE amid 4.mmnn Jlrlt I Mr. Watson, tj.U., and, Mr. Cockle appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Macnamara for the defendant. The plaintiff in this action sought to recover from the defendant the sum of 291; 13 9d., under the count for -money received by the defendant for the plaintiffs use. The defendant pleaded the general issue. It appeared that' the defendant, in the year 188, had been appointed by the select vestry of Christ Church, Spitalfields, t-o be collector of poor-rates for the parish. The select vestry wlas a body whose -nuber varied from 80 to 100. In the Year 1854 the select vestry became dissatisfied with the defendant, and on the 22d of September, 1854, a charge was made at the vestry that he did not coUect the rates. A motion was therefore proposed that he should be dismissed from his office, but this was met by an amendment that the defendanit should be furnished vwith a copy of the charges preferred Sgainut him, and that he shotld have an opportunity of meeting them. The amendment was negatived, and the original motion was carried by a majority of 14 to fl, there being 35 vestrvmen present. According to the evidence, the plantik had had an opportunity of saying what he pleased in his defence, but not of adducing evidence to meet the charges. Under these circumstanees, the defendant considered that he had not been properly dismissed, and applied to the Court of Queen'slBench for-a mandamus to restore him. He continued to coUect the rates as before, and thus received more than 1001. Immediately on the dismissal of the defendant, the select vestry appointed another collector, and compeled the parties who had already paid their rates to the defendant to pay them a second time to the newv colector. The Plaintiff was one of these Parties, and now sought to recoverback the sum of 291. lis. 94., being the amount of rates which he alleged the defendant had improperly received. At the close of the plaintiff's case, Mr. 3fBcNnet v. submitted that, on the evidence, t-: defendant was still collector. He had been appointed in i8Si by a iy which never consisted of less than 80 members; and he was dismissed at a meeting at which only 35 were pnresent The act provided that the colctor should only )e dismissed by the vote of a majority of the select vestry; and the learned counsel contended, on the authority of the case of " Blacket v. Blizard" (9 B. and C., 851), thatvwhere an act in which the public was interested was to be donie by a majority it musT be done by a majority of the whole body, and that a majority of those only who assembled was not sufficient. He also contended that the collector held his of ice during good behaviour, and that he had been improperly diswissed, having received no notice of the charges, and without any opportunity of meeting them by eindence. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE said he should not stop the case, but the better course would bethat the plaintiff should have v erdict for the amount claimed, and that the defendant should move the Court to enter a nonsuit, if there was any defect which could not be cured by a new triaL. a verdict was taken accordingly for the sum of 291. l3s. 9d. (COOK (AD35INSTRA~TOIt OF W. MIILLER) V. J.AY. M1r. MeLLor, Q.C, andtMr. H. Lloyd appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., and Mr. C. Coleman for the defendant. T his was an acton in which the plaintidi as admiinistratorofhis stepson, William Mllher, sued the defendant to recover damages for negligence, in not properly guarding a scaffold, whereby the deceased fel down from a heght of from C0 to 70 feet, and was killed on the spot. The defendantpleaded a number of pleas, denyig the various facts on which his liability was sought to be establishedL har. ofrot , in stating the case to the jury, said the p laintif was the stepfather of a young man named Wiliam leiners whom he had brought up to his owmn business, but who, in the month of August, 1855, had entered the service of the defendant. The defendant, Mr. Jay, was a builder in a large way of business, and at that time he was engaged in finishing the magnificent pile of buildings which had recenly beenerected atthe south-east corner of St. Paules Churchyard. The deceased, who was a young man, 17 years of ae, was employedon thescaffold at the height of 60 or70 feet from the ground, and having occasion to pass round the angle of the building, where the scaffold was not fenced, as it ought bthave been by a rope or otherbarrier,he fell down so the ground and was killed on the spot. The planmtiff heard of the accident, and went to the spot, and there saw Mer. Jay, who expressed his readiness to pay the funeral expenses. -s said he would send his foreman to give the order, and that if the plaintiff would send him the bil he -ould pay it. The plaintif', feeElng that nothing could bring the boy back, consented to this proposal, and said he should not resort to litigation; but after the funeral, when thebil was forwarded to the defendant, he sent it back with a letter, which he (Mfr. Mellor) would read. Mr. Justice Coesamacs gen t tat before the letter was read some =a gement should be made by the defendant. His lordsh'ip said it was very proper that there should be a fence or guard. Mr. JWres said he should be able to show that the aceident did not occur from the want of a guard, but the deceased had overbalanced himself, from carrying some tools en his back. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE said that if the scaffold had been fenced thedeceasedwould have fallen against the gvuard.i Mr. JwaurS said the action wonld not have been defended but for certain demands which had been made on Mr. Jay as matter of right. n e would, however, speak to his After a conference with the defendant, Mr. Jthes said Mr. Jay was a most respectable gentleman, and he was willing to have paid the funeral expenses butcfornthe demand which had been made upon had as matter of law. he was, however, willng to give 30l., out of which the plaintiff would pay the funeral e penses. Mr. Mnatont on the p art of the plaintifef said he was ready to accept the 30w. Taphe action never would have been brought but or the unfortunate dispute about the funeraL Verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 301. CLEMEN'r V. \VfMORE.: Mr. Watson, Q.C., onr. Raymond, and hr. AL Peel ap-d peared for the plaintiff; and Mfr. Hawtkins and ofr. Holl for the defendant. This was an action fordmoney lent. The defendant pleaded the general issue, that the money was advanced for the establishment of an illegal betsting-office, and also a set-off in zespect of beard and lodging. The plaintiff, John Clements, was formerly a Lieutenant in the 2d Dragoon Guards, from which regiment he had some time since sold out; but he had recently obtained a commission as captain in the ilitia, though he had not yet been gazetted. The defendant, John Whitmore, was a betting man and money-lender in the Old Kent-road. The action was bought to recover the sum of 801. with interest, being the amount which the plaintiff had some years since lent to the defendant's wife, fr the purptose of enabieng the defendant, who was a bankrupt, to obtain his certificate in tshe Court of Bankruaptcy. It appeared on cross-exsamination that the parties hadl been on very intimate terms, and that the plaintiff, who had led an irregular life, had been in the habit of staying at the defendant's house at various times (on one occasion to avoid his creditors), and ths afforded ground for the defendant'putting forward a set-off in respect of beard and lodging haich far overtopped the plantiff's clanm. The defendant was called, and stated that the 801. had been advanced by the plaintiff as his contribution to the capital for establishing a betting-office in Drm-y-lane, wihich wvas opened in the iname of Clements and Co. The plaitiff denied this statement, and said he had had nothmig to do waith the CoRCern In fact, he k-newv nothing at all about it for some time, and, when he challenged the defendant for using his name without his consent, the latter said it was not his name, but another Clements. The plaintiff's statement about the advance of the 801. was confirmed by fr. Lawrance, of the Bankruptcy Court, wvho proved that on the same day a check to that amount came into his hands, and that pre cisely that sum was necessary in order to enable the plaintiff to get his certificate. The defendant's wife, who kept the account of the board and lodging, was not called as a w7itness. Mr. Justice CoLR.nrno, in summing up the evidence, said the plaintiff had proved a good pr7-imd7facie case, but the jury must decide whether the defendant had established his pleas. Some comments had been justly made on the defendant's conduct, but still his Lordship thought the plain- tiff's was also open to grave censure. He appeared to haveled a very irregular life, and it was difficult to understand the circumstances under which he had established himself in the defendant's house. The questions at issue depended *on whether the jury gave credit to the plaintiff or to the defendant. The jury, after a few minutes' conference, found For the plaintiff for the amount claimed with interest, amounting to 841.17Ts. 6d.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS. G=TTIrnAr.T. ArAVy1 (Sittings at Nisi Priu, before-Lord Chief Jutitc JEnvis.) The Court to-day was occupied with the trial of an action to recover damages for misrepresentation in the sale of a baker's business, of interest only to the parties concerned; and with a ranning down case, in which the plaintiff was nonsaited.
COU1RT OF EXCHEQOETL TUVSnA,Y. AfAV 1.T RICHARDS V. TURNOUR. (Sittings at Nis; Prius, before the CH F BRo, at ,-;1h7h7n71 I Mr. Edwin James, Mr. Joseph Brown, and Mr. Brewer were counsel for the plaintiff; and Mr. M. Cbambers and Mr. Horn appeared for the defendant. The plaintiff is a miner and ore dresser, living near Aberystwith, and this was an action brought to recover ll. Is., as the amount of his claim against the Court Grange Silver Lead Mining Company, formed for working a mine in South Wales, of which the defendat was a shareholder. To the declaration the defendant pleaded a release for the debt and costs, and to this plea the plaintiffreplied fraud and covin. It appeared that the mine in question having been worked at a loss up to a certain period, several creditors sought to recover their demands by suing an attorney named Bell, wvho was a shareholder. That gentleman, having invain endeavoured to raise funds from various other shareholders wiho had neglected to pay their calls, ultimately instructed his soliitors to bring several actions against the defaulters, having first obtained the permission of the creditors to that course. Among these was the pre-i sent acton, to which the defendant in the first instance onlypleaded a simple denial of his liability. When the cause came on for trial in that state some months ago a proposition was made for an arrangement through Mr. Serjeant Wilkins, then representing the defendant. A meeting afterwards took place at the chambers of Mr. Edwin James, whereat it was agreed that the defendant should pay 501. for costs of the adjournment, and that the* cause should be tried at a future sitting, as no settlement of the affilrs of the company could then be come to. When that sitting arrived, the defendant's counsel put in the plea of release pu* darrein continimnce,-that is, that the - plaintiff had released him from the debt and costs since th& last step in the cause. This again deferred the trial, and the platiff having repled that the release had been obtained from the plaintiff on the record by fraud and covin, the cause now finally came on for trial on that issue. In euppo4t of tbe zeplicaffon it was shown that tnbre- quently to the arrangement -t -Mfe.-dwin Jamenes chamhers (which had not hitherto beeu ca ied aut by the defendant) a formal deedof releas wvas taken- down,ready drawn, by the defendant and his'attorn'ey to Aberystwith, where they enisted Mr. HEughes, a local solicitor, to introduce them to and to explain the transaction to the various creditors named in it, and according to arrangement a meeting took place at that gentleman`;i office, which was attended by the present plaintiL and other creditors, in whose presence it was stated generally that the deed was a release from all claims against the company, but nothing was s4id about costs, though the deed recited that - several of the creditors had brought actions and were desirous of arraging their claims. The plaintiff(who at frst professed his inab ity to understan English, and wished to give his evidence in Welh through an. interpreter, but was ultimately coaxed into speaking very tolerable Saxon), on being sworn, stated that at that interview he had expresly represented that he had authorized an action to be brought in his name, though - he had not retained any one rsonally, and that he only thought he was signingfor his bt; but itappeared from the evidence of Mr. Hughes that the plaintiff had only stated generally that he had not brought any action, and uon this he had signed the deed, and received 121. after it ad been explained to him. At the close of the plaintiff's case The CBEF BEAox inquired of the plaintiff whether, on discovering this alleged fraud, he had. refunded the money so paid to him; and on receiving a negative answer, expressed it to be his opinion that those who had so made use of his name could not act so far under the deed, and at the same tine stigmatize it as a complete fraud. He thought that there was no evidence to go to the jury to support the his led to an argument at the bar, and eventually it was arranged that the jury should fina a verdict for the defendant subject to the opinion of the Court above on the whole, question of fraud. 3fr. IL CHAMBERS.-Of course, on the part of the defen-. dant, we will at once give a check for the 501., for that was a ure matter of bargain which ought to be carried out. The CIEF BARoxN was understood to approve this course, and then directed a verdict for the defendant.
CENTRAL COMINAL COURM; Tueaday, May 13. OLD COURT. (Beforc the RECORDER.) Mr. PARRY, at the sitting of the Court, applied to the learned Judge to know whether it was his intention to pass judgment upon William Burns, who pleaded guilty at the last sessions to a charge of robbing his employers, Messrs. Walker, lead merchants, of Lambeth, to a very large amount. Judgment was respited, on the anticipation that the prisoner might give some information that would be useful with regard to the disposal of the stolen property. The RECORDER inquired whether the prisoner had given any such information. Mr. PARRY said he rwas afraid not, and he had therefore merely to move for the judgment of the Court. The prisoner was brought up in the course of the day,. andthL RECORDER, addressmg him, said that it devolved upon him topass sentence upon th charges to which he had. pleaded guilty, and he could not help observing that his offence wras one of the most serious character. He had been in the service of the prosecutors almost from his childhood, and had been treated by them with the utmost kindness and liberality; but, notwithstanding this, there could be no doubt that he had carried on a long course of plunder, and. that he had pernitted innocent persons to be susuectedwhen he knew weU who was the real criminalL The sentence had been respited upon the supposition that he mizht possibly give some information as to the manner in which the stolen property had been disposed of, and, although no promise whatever had been held out to him, if he had given such information, the fact would probably have been taken into consideration. It appeared, however, that he had thought fit not to give any mformation upon the subject, and the Court therefore had only to pass sentence upon him for the offence to which he bad pleaded guilty, and, taking into consideration the very serious nature of that offence, and the other circumstances connected with the case, he felt it to be his duty to order him to be kept in penal servitude for four years. The two men, Marshall and Swilston, who were convicted on Monday of robbing a poor fellow who was about to emigrate to Australia of 501., nearly all he possessed in the world, by one of those tricks so commonly practised by sharpers in London, inducing him to exhibit his money. and then adroitly substituting a hag containing farthings for the one in which he had deposited his savings, were brought up for judgment. A detective officer, belonging to the L iverpool police, informed the Court that he had known the prisoners for several years, and they were the constant associates of thieves, and got their living by " magging" and picking pockets. The RECORDER asked the witness what he meant by " magging." The officer repled that " magging " was a cant term perfectly well understood by persons like the prisoners and their associates. It was generally applied to men who got their living by cheating at cards, or skittles, or getting into the company of persons from the country, and robbing them in the ni=uner suggested in the present case. The RECORDER, in passing sentence, said that the prisoners had been convicted of a very cruel robbery, and there was every reason to beleve that they had for a long time been concernedin practices of asimilarkind. The character of the offence was only simple larceny, and he felt called upon to order them to undergo the full amount of punishment for that class of crime, which was imprisonment and hard labour for two years. Henry Mitchell, 27, pleaded "Guilty" to an indictment which charged him with being feloniously at large before the expiration of a sentence of penal servitade that bad been passed upon him. Mr. BoD}iN, who was instructed for the prosecution, stated to the Court that the frisoner had been convicted of burglary at these sessions and sentenced to four years' penal servitude. He was placed in the Model Prison at Fentonville to undergo his sentence, but he contrived to elude the vigilance of the officers and made his escape. How he contrived to get out of the prison no one could tell, but a rope ladder was made use of, and very great adroitness was exercised; and anotber man besides the prisoner succeeded in making his escape at the same time. A detective officer named Whicher accidentally met the prisoner as he was walking in company with two other officers, and the pri soner said, upcon his taking him into custody, that if he had' been alone he wrould have found his mistake; but, as there were two other officers with him, he should go quietly The RECORDER inquired the particularsofthe charge upon which the prisoner had been originally sentenced to penal servitude. Mr. LarLL said he was counsel for the prosecution, and the prisoner and another man were convicted of a burglary of a very serious character at the house of a draper in the New Kent-road. Property to the amount of nearly 4001. was packed up ready to be taken away, and the prisoner's companion made a very violent assault upon the constable when he endeavoured to take him into custody. The prisoner did not make use of any violentee, and in conseouence of this he was only sentenced to penal servitude, aud his companion wasorderedto be transported. Mr. BOD]rn informed the Court that he had that moment received information that the man who escaped with the prisoner from the Model Prison had been arrested at Liver,pool. The prisoner handed in a written statement to the Court, in which he asked for mercy, and said that if he were to be set at liberty he would in return give information of the mode in which he escaped from the prisoal The REcoRDER, in passing sentence, said it was quite clear that the prisoner was a very dangerous fellow, and he felt it to be his duty to send him out of this country. He then ordered him to be transported for 14 years. The grand jury were discharged late in the afternoon. At the close of the day's business the New Court and Third Court were adjourned to Saturday morning. The trial of Palmer will come on this (Wednesday) morn ing in the Old Court, atlQ o'clock. NEW COURT. (Before the Co3tnoxN-SEsunyhy.) This Court was occunied during the day in trying the Mint cases and a few uiimportant charges of felony. THlRD COURT. (Before xL PRP22DERGAST, seq., Q. C.) Robert Chisnell, 56, victuaUer, was indicted for receiving a ouantity of silk, the property of Edmund Spall, well .mondng it to have been stolen. Mr.Wv . J. Payne prosecuted, and Mi. Lilley defended. It appeared that upon theist of this nmonth the premises of the prosecutor, 120, Cheapside, were entered, and a quantity of siLk stolen. Information was given to the police, and upon the following day Legg, an officer of the police, stopvped a woman named Fox at the shop of a pawnbroker in toe New Cut, in the act of pledgin some of the stolen silk. She upon being questioned at once stated that she had receied it from the prisoner, who at that time kept the Hit or Miss beershop, Waterlooroad, and that she had given the money which she had received for some other siUl which she had pledged for the prisoner to a woman with whom he cohabited. upon the officer going to the prisoner and questioning him he said that he had given the silk to the woman to pledge, adding that he had bought several pieces of silk some days before of a taUvman to make his wife- a dress. The officer then went and fetched the prosecutor, who identified the pitee which the officer had stopped, and also several other pieces also pledged by the woman Fox, at the iequbst of the prisoner. The prisoner did not deny that he had sent them to be pledged. -Prisoner went to the stationhouse and also to the pawnbroker's, without the least hesitetion, and there repeated the statement which he had made in the first instance. 3r. LmY, at some length, urged upon the jury that the prisoner had given the police prompt information, which it was not likely he would-havedone had he been gailty of the offence imputed to him. The jury returned a verdict of Guilty. Mr. 'RENDERGAST, in passing sentenee, said that the pisoner's offence was a very serious one, andhe scarcely thought ho was doing right in passing so lenient a sentence as he was a.bout to do; but he should take the prisoner's age into consideraton, and also that he was not favourably kinown to the police. He then sentenced the prisoner to 12 months' imprisonment and hard labour.
[Advertisement.]-' The Phant4m Eeigiment; or. Stories of Ours,"' by James Grant, author of the " Romanoe of War." &c.. price Is. l., will be found this day at all the r'ailvry stations in the kingdom. The author states at the conclusion of thisboolc. " These talesandePaoxdeshavelightenedandbeguiled our messtable in old Gibraltar, and if they please my readers and win from them but half the praise hare won from my light-hearted and brave brother oEfHoersinyte 6in collecting them wil be more than recompensed.' Thisracycollection of military stories forms tbe 142dvolume of I The Parlour Libmay," ar eries renowuedin every part of the world for itunrivalled selection of the best works of fiction in the English lauguage. London, ThomaszHodgson, 13, Paternoster-row. [Advertisement,l-Marvei of Cheapness and Excellenice.- The IlustratedWeb sSpelling 31;OOk price IL, superbly illustrated with 250 enravins by the first artists rarnange hbyan eminent English scholar upon the principles of Noah Webster, the great Americanauthority. "Webster'skplling" circulates in America to the extent of amillion copies per anmum, and is universally acknowledged as the beat Also just ready, a new edition of "Webster a English Dictionary for the Millio,P price Is. 6dL The immense demani i'forthis edition Is thebesttent of its value. Webeterisnow the oaly reliabl authority on the English language. Every Rnglishlman. however humble his sphere, will be able to purchase the be3t PD614; ;pigtiga;Y Farrd AU Lv¢X. 15R XleeVreet.
POLICL, LMAYsION-norsr.- Thomas TumbuW a young mnau o respectable aPPance and addre, RPPeared before Sir . 'RUG EnIDGE upon a summons under the remarkable cir cumstances of which thefollowingisa condensed account. Mr. B. Bateman, commission mercbant, 6f No. 13 George. street, Mansion-house, said,-On Thursday, the 8th inst., I called upon the defendant, in consequence 6f having he4rd that he b called at my pbce. I saw him at an office in Lime-street, where his name is painted up, and asked him lwhat he wanted, and whether he was buyink now as he had done, and I told him that any t-ransaction I had with hiin must be for prompt cash, or check on delivery. He said,. " Very well; I'll come on," and hc~ returned with me to my wairehouse, where he began to. select: a quantity of Scotch and Swfiss msins.; He selected about S00 pieces of muslin, of the value of 1201. or 1301., and requested me to send him in 57 pieces, which amounted to 181., and said he would give a check for 15i. or 181 on I account of those goods. I said, Give me a sui checkon account," and if he had done so I should havefelt confi. dence sufficient to trust him again. He then left me, and I sent the goods by mt brother to iUme-street, with instruc. tions not to leave them under any circumstances without the money, and that I said in the presence of the defendant. My brother returned in about half an hour with the defendant, but without the goods or the money. My brother made a communication to me, and I then said to the defendant, "Where is the money s He replied, "Oh, Iwas' very short myself, but rve asked my friend Mr. Hurst to, lend me the money." I said, "Have you got itl" He said, "No; we want the rest of the goods sent in. "I said I should do nothing of the kind, as I would not trust him a penny. Ile said, "Never mind, friend .Bateman, comehback withme." 'Isid, "I1won'thaveyour check or your money, rn have the goods thatl sent to you ;" and I said, "11ll have nothing more to satoyou, but my brother shall go back ana get tie goods." 1 sent my brother with the defendant for the goods, but he returned to me without them; and on Saturday morning I went to the 'defendant's counting-house and demanded my goods. He' said he was extzemelysorry, but he had sold the goods to Mr. Hurst, and Mr. Hurst had sold them again. I asked him what right he had to. sell my goods without delivery note or inv6oe from me 7 He then called Mr. Hurst, and they threatened to turn me out of the office. I said I would 'not go -without the goods, and they called in a constable. Mfr. Hurst said to, the defendant-" You are a - fool for saying you had got the goods. You've been so all your life, and I suppose you'll remain so." This was in consequence Qf the defendant having admitted the receipt of the goods, -which Hurst had just before denied. The constable re-. quested me to withdraw and apply at the Mansion-house. Cross-examined by l!r. Green, solicitor to the defendant. -I have had Previous transactions with the defendant, which were paid by biDls that were dishonoured, but afterwards paid. The invoice Produced, dated the 12th of MAY' 1856, mn the defendant's handwriting, is not a correct' account. The letter, produced is in my writing, but I lent the defendant more money, which was the set-off against the allowance. To Sir H. MtlGGERnxGE.-There is nothing due from me to the defendant. It was the distinct understanding between the defendant and me that I would not let the goods he left without the money. Edward Bateman, clerk and warehouseman to the pro-. secutor, said,-When the defendant called on the 8th inst. he said he was shipping drills and prints. We deal in those goods, but had none in stock, only patterns, as we sell by commission. I told him I would tell my brotherto caii upon him, and I went to Line-street accordinglyand waited outside while my brother went in. I afterwards heard the defendant say, at our counting-house, thst Swiss mnslins and Scotch muslms suited him very well, and he selected some goods, the terms for which were to be prompt cash. My brother said to me in the defendant's presence that; the defendant would give me a check, and that I was not to leave thne goods without it, and I also got instrucetions to get the check immediately cashed, in case it should be dishonoured. The defendant said he would go along with me, and give me the check. It nas also said by my brother, "Let this be fully understood, that this has nothing to do with any previous transaction ;" and the defendant sdd, "It shall not." I then took two boxes, containing 57 pieces of muslin, to Lime-street, andwas to bring back a check for 151. or 201., or something between those .sums, but nothing under 151. The defendant came up accompanied by oneof the MesY s Hurst, and at his desire I followed him and Mr. Hurst into the private office npstairs, .where they spoke together for some time. Afterwaiting about 10 minutes, I requested the defendant to he as uick -as possible, as it was nearly 4 o'clock, and I had to present the check. The elder Mr. Hurst came in, and the 'defendantheldsome conversation with him, and a piece of paper passed from the former to the latter. I requested that the check might be given to me or I should take the goods back. MB. Hurst said "M lfr. Turnbull has the check, and he will take it with you to Mr. Bateman." I pLaced the goods in the office, and walked away with the defendant, believing that he had the check. In going along the defendant said he wvould go and get the check-changed; but I told him to come with me to the counting-house, as it wanted three minutes to 4 o'clock. He did so, and I told my brother what had passed, and then the defendant said he wanted all the other goods in before a check was given. My brother said no more goods should go in, and he would not then take his check, and I was to go and get the goods bacl. The defendant did not offer my brother a check-; but if my brother sent in tho whole of the goods (amounting to about 130L.), he would, he said, give the check for the amount I was to have brough, back. I then went back to Lime-street -with the dlefendant, and I saw 'the goods there. The two Messrs. HurstTand the defendant and another person were in the office at the-time. I went up to he goods and took hold of them, whenM3fr. Hurst, sen., threatened to knock me down. as he had,-he said, bought them from Mr. Turnbull, and sold them again. I said I knew nothing about that, I had come to fetch them; and he then took me by the shoulders and pushed me rgainst the wall, and said he would hick me out. I then picked up the box cover to put it on the box, when the two Messrs. Hurst and the defendant set upon met and held me down, and called to a boy to talke away the goods. The bojy took one box and Mr. Hurst, sen., took the . other nd went upstairs. I rushed against them, and said they should not go upstairs, and I ras pushed back by Hurst, sen., with the box, and the door was shtt against me. He then said, "Will you go out of this office? You have no business here." I said, " Mr. Tarubull had told me to come in. and I was not going out without the goods." He said, " If it was his office he would put me out," and he calUed Hurst, jun., to put me out. He said that Mr. Turubull had no office there, andl that I would ccnfer a favour by rubbing out TurnbuU's name, as he had nothing to do wvith the offices. The defendant then tried to run out, and I ran after him, and caught the tail of his coat and dragged him in. He said to me that he had nothing to do with the goods; that they were Mr. HursVs, who had given him an advance upon -them. I asked him for that advance, and said I would see if Mr. Bateman would accept it. but he refused, and said he had an account against 3r. Bateman. The witness concluded, after stating some other particulars showing the de-termination of thepaities to detain the goods. Mr. Green said no had been instructed by the defendant that Mr. Bateman was in his debt an amount considerably beyond that of the goods stated to have been supplied, and that no inexcusable measures had been adopted to obtain restitution. The AxDER3LW intimated several times during the long investigation that he considered the case to be a very serious one, and not only required two sureties in 501. each and Mr. Tumbull himself to be bound over in the sum of 1001. to appear again on Thursday next, but directed that a search warrant should be execnted for the seizure of the goods stated to have been detained in the premises of the defendant. Bail was procured and accepted. Bow-STRnE.-George COrey, a clerk in the Board of Works, who had been remanded from Saturday on a charge of stealing a pork pie from a coffeehouse, was again placed at the bar. The prosecutrix expressed a wish to withdraw the charge, at the same time admitting that she had been pressed to do so by the friends of the prisoner. A gentleman holding a situation in the same department (and who had solicited a private interview with the magistrate, which was refused), stated that he had known the prisoner many years. Dmuing that time he had always discharged his duties properly,and witness believed him to be a very good and pious man, although a little enthusiastic, and occasionaly, perhaps, eccentric. For instance, he once absented himself from home, very mysteriously, for several weeks, causing great alarm to his friends, who published handbils and offered a reward for his recovery; and it -was believed that the offence now charged against him must have been committed under some similar delusion. - Mr. HENvY said these were matters which it was the province of-a jury to consider. He could not entertain them in the face of evidence so clear as that which had been given in this case. The prisoner ordered some coffee and bread and butter, and while these were being prepared took a pork pie from the window and put it- into his pocket. When alUed upon to pay for what he had had he paidforthe coffee, &c., only; and when he was charged with stealing the pie he denied it, although the pie was afterwards taken from his pockret. He then begged to be foripven, offering money to beset at liberty. If the jury considered all this the resullt of " eccentricity" they would discharge him. The applicant sug,gested that the charge might be disposed of summarily, in which case he would advise the prisoner to plead guity. Mr.- HIxnzy referred sending the case to the sessions, and this would Se the best course for the prisoner, consider. ing the grounds of defene which had been suggested. The prisoner was then committed for trial. Henry Staunton, a well-dressed man of rather formidable dimensions, was chargedwith assaulting the toll-collectors at Waterloo-bridge. The defendant, after throwing down a halfpenny for the toll, declined to pass through the turnstile, preferring the roadway, and believing he had therightof choice. The toll-keepers pursued hi- a scuffle ensued, rattles were sprung, and the pole arrved, the defendant having in the meantime committed the assaults complained of. Mr. HESBY informad defendant that the act gave the proprietors of the bridge full power to enforce their regulations, and fined him 61. for the two assaults, besides 12s. for a cape which was lost in the struggle. WonsMsr-sTR=.-CharIes Graaf, a German, was charged before Mr. D'EvxcouRT witL the following scandalous outrage. - A labouring man named Cunningham stated, that while in the Cambridge-road, Bethnal-green, at 4 o'clock on the preceding afternoon, he saw the prisoner driving a spirited horse in a chaise at such a furious pace that several persons neighbours and others, interfered and' warned him. The prisoner took no notice, but continued his reckless corse, andthe people, finding remonstrance useless, insisted upon a constable of the K division, named Stuart, stopping him. Stuart pursued the chaise, which he could not stop till it reached the end of the road, when the witness saw him and the prisoner standing together at the horse's head. The pisoner was too intoxicated to drive wih safety, and the fficer offered to see him home, and tried to get into the chaise, but tha prioner, who had by thls time regained. his Seat, abused him in the most disgraceful terms, said h' would hive none of the police sitting by- the.-side of him, and prevented hisx getting into thei vehicle. The constable therefore went to the horse's -head and held it, on which the prisoner imnediately dropped the r.ins, and lashed the animal on both flanks in such a violea luanner that it plunged forward to the-kerb and forced the onstable againsti a lamppost, %whence he dropped flat on -hi; hac, . Xe still retiune his hold of the reins, by which he ws dragged along the ground rome distance, when the -iweed of the chaise ran between his lees, passd clear over his body, and went off at his shoulder.. " The mnan screamedl loudly," said the witnes.; " he could not rstnd, rand a. pesred in the greatest agony. The prisoner himself wa dlrectly after pitched out of the gig on his head in the road, ut seemingly wthout besng much hurt, and was securedby another officer, while the chae, after being dragged by the horse a short way further, was ultimately upset and turned lx.- D'EYNot7RnT inquired if the constable was much nurad ? Sergeant Smith.-Yes, be is, Sir. He was conveyedin a cart to the Arbour-square station, and the divisional surgeon sent for. The injuries are of a most serious character; blood was flowing from him profusely, And it was found impossible to stop it. Late last night the surgeon ordered him to be conveyed to the London Mospital, where he now lies, and from the house-surgeon of 'which, Mfr. Ross, I produce a certificate describing his life as in da-eTisis morning I saw the constable at the hospital, and amore dreadfl ight I never 'witnessed; it was shockidng-truly shocking. The prsoner was intoxicated, and at the station made use of the grossest language. Another officer deposed to the outrageous conduct of tho prisoner, who upon his taking him into custody kicked Esriously at him and at everybody'within his reach. Hr. I)'Euwou r (to the prisone.t)-And what is your answ,er to the charge?7 -Prisoner (with the greatest indifferenee).-'Why, I can't say any-thinto The matter, for I rdon't, recollect anythlnr about It. Mr. D'Evscouiu-It is a very serions case, and if 'the n dies you will assuredly be arraigne fer maninslaughter. Ishall remand youfor thepresent, That the man's condition may be ascertained.: The injured constable has always been a quiet, inoffensive muau, and has a 'wie and four children. I£A.NBETH.-Robert Everest, aliacs Hunmlett, who described himself as a pickile dealer, residing at S8, Unionstreet, Lambeth, was brought up on remand for further examination, before Mir. ELLIOTT, on two charges of robbery, one of which was committed under rather peculiar circumstances. rne evidence in the first case, whichwas that of a robbe at the Zoological Arms beerhouse, in 1enton-place, Wa.l 'worth, where about 15?. in gold and silver was stolen from the bedroom of the landlord, was gone into, and it was such as to leave no doubt that the prisoner and a man namel Brown, at present comimitted for trial on another offence, were the thieves. The offence was committed on the 19th of February last. In the second case, Mr. John Knott, a gentleman residilg at I5 a, Sutherland-square, Walworth, deposed that, on the evening of Sunday, e 24th of February last, lirs. Knott and himself left their home at about half-past 6 to go to church, leaving Lucy Constable, their servant, in care oE the house. At the close of the evening service he vwaus spoken to by the sexton, and, in consequence of 'wat he said, he (Mr. Knott) hurried home and found his house in a state of great confusion and disorder, and his servant witb a- wound on her throat, which she said had been infficteiE by the thieves, who had come to plunder the place. On examining the house he found the cupboards, cheffoniers, and drawers forced open, the plate-baslet emptied of its -ontents, a drawer in his bedroom cleared out of a number of rings and articles of jewelry, and altogether the 'value ofThepropertycarriedaway exceeded 501. In answer to the questions of the magistrate, the witness said that the servant at fist informed him that the wound on her throat hvd been in9icted by one of the thieves, but subsequently admitted that it had been done by herself. The skeleton. key produced he said had been found in his door. The next witness called was Lucy Constable, a well-dressed and good-lookingyoung woman, who gave her evidence with the utmostintelligenceand frankness. She said,-Onthe24th of Februa-y last, I was servant to Mfr. Knott, the last witness, and while in his service I becaiana acquainted with' the prisoner. The first time I saw him was on a Snuday evening, a fortnight before the robbery, when, while I was speaking at the front gate with the servant of Mr. Squires, he and another man came past. The man who accompanied the prisoner on that occasion I saw at Horsemenger-lane Prison yesterday. When they were passing us by The man inthe prison (Brown) said, "There are two nice-looldng girls," and the prisoner replied, " Yes, but they don't want to have anything to say to us." They then stopped and kept conversation with us for about half an-hour, and asked us if we ever went out, and we told them not often. They asked us to go and have a glass of wine with them¶ bat we refused. I asked the prisoner what he was, and he said he was an author, and wrote for the papers. On the following Sunday evening they-the prisoner and Brown-came again, when master and mistress were at church, and wished me to go out; but I told them I knew Mars family (Mr. Squires's) were at home, and I could not go. On the next Sunday evening, five minutes after master and mistress had gone out, I heardaringat the bell, andon going to the door I tound the prisoner there, and after a few minutes' conversation I asked himinto the house and took him to the back warlour. While there he said he should like very much to mtroduceme to his sister, who was then coming from the Elephant and Castle to see us, and after much persuasion I went upstairs, put on my bonnet and cloak, and went out 'with him. We walked towards the Old Kent-road, 'when we went into a publichouse and called for a glass of brandy and water. I told him he must know that his sister was not coming, and he said she really was, but as she lived in the neighbourhood he would go and learn the cause. He then went out and was only absent five minutes, and on returning said his sister had left home for the purpose of seeing us, and that we must have passed her. but we should be sure to see her, as she had ohr a white bonnet -with blue ribands. The prisoner said, he had an appointment -to meet a man at the Elephant and Castle at S o'clock, and agreed to meet me at the bottom of Sutherland-square at 1 o'clock on the next day. when Iwasto have aholyday, to take me to the Britih Museum. Ithen hastened home, and onreaching thefront door I found it open. On going in I found the plate-basket empty, and all the things in my mistress's bed-room thrown about. I felt that my character was gone, and in the moment of excitement I took a knife and inflicted a wound on my throat. The witness here became much affected, sobbed aloud, while the tears rolled down her cheeks. In continuation she said that she had been taken to the hospital on the evening in question, and remained there for some days. In her cross-examination by Mr. Solomon, she said that the statement she made to Mr. Superintendent lund and Sergeant Coppin on the evening of the robbery was untrae, but she subsequently confessed the whole truth. In conclusion, she said the prizoner had all through acted towards her in a gentlemanly manner. Mary O'Brien, servant to Mr. Squires, 17, Sutherland; square, clearly identified the prisoner and the man Bro'w as the persons who had spoken to her and the last 'witness a, fortnight before the robbery, and added that on the eveni-g of the robbery she had seen a person answerng in every respect the description of Brown come out of Mr. Xnott? house, leaving the door open after him. $ Other evidence was given to the effect that the prisoner and Brown were residing together at the time of the robbery, and after hearing Mr. Solomons, the MAGiSTRATE ultimately remanded the case to have the evidence taken irz -the presence of Brown.
LAUrBZr. TO THE EDITOR OF TBE TIMES. Sir,-Business took me this morning to the Guildball Police-court, where Sir Peter Laurie was presiding. A man was brought ap, cbarged with having robbed a cbcapel of some hymn-books. In his possession was found a memorandum-boolk, relating to the fellow's engagements. Sit Peter, after reading some extracts, then said, "There is one mitigating circumstance in your case-you were not, as fat as appears from this boolk, at any of the parls where the bands were playing, I see," &c. Your reporter will, doubtless, confirm me. So, it appea the worthy magis. tmte thinks it a more heinous offence to go to a public park to hear music than to go to the bouse of prayer to commit robbery. Comment is superfluous. Your obedient servant. W.R .M London, May 13.
The anumal dinner of the Jews' Free School waw held on Monday evening at the London Tavern, where about 140 gentlemen were present, under the 3residencc ot Sir Anthony Rothschild, president of the chanty. Axong the guests were the Rev. Dr. Adler, Chief Rabbi of the Jews, the Righ; Hon. the Lord Mayor, Sir Moses Yontefiore, Mr. 1. H. Goldsmid, Professor Hart R.A., Pro.- fessor Waley, M.A., Mr. De Symonds, &-c. - Donations were announced to the extent of 2,400L, and all the observations made by the speakers bore testinony to the Talue of this institution, which confers an excellent and gratuitous - education on nearly 1,600 children, and -which has merited the highest approbation from the Government InEPector under -whose supervision it is placed. A portion f tbhe children came to -the room, and much plewsu- WMI expressed at their healthful and cheerful aspect. A Hebrew ode wras recited by one of the boys, and an exceedingly pretty English ode was given -with great feeling and corrct expression by one of the gfr]ls-this (Wednes- LordvJoni Russetro delivers aSlecture day) evening, at Strand, Gloceatcrfshire, o3 "TDe study ot HIistry."
WA PAL AND AUILITABY IYTEBLLXGB.CE. lef following is from our correspondent, dated Malta, the '7th inst - "The Orinoco steam-transport arrived on the 5th from Bouthampton, amd left for Constantinople this day. " The lGperador steam-transport arrived on the 6th from Genoa, with baggage for the Anglo-Italian Legion. "The P?eninsular and Oriental Company's steamship IiRpon, in the transport service, arrived from Southampton wnd Gibraltar on the 6th, having on board Rear-Admiral Sir Mlontagn Stopford, on his return from sick leave, to resume his duties as Admiral Superintendent of Mfalta doclyrd. 'Her Majesty's steam-transport Hesper arrived from I'tymouth and Gibraltar on the 7th, with biscuit for;tie 'eommissariat at Constantinople. "The City of London steam-transport, from Geaoa, arrivedthis morningw ithoxenforthe British connsaiat. "The Kangaroo anld Bahiana steam-transports left for Constantinople on the 4th; the former convoying hIs his Ex:cellency Noura P'asha. The Emperor steam-transport left for the samne 'destination on the ,5th, conveying Iientenant-Colonel Francis Enley, of th2e Ossanli Cavalry, the PRev. Mxr.Good, and MEr. 2Nixen. "The Chester steam-transport arrived on the 5th from -Balaklava and Constantinople with shot And shell, bringing 7Mr. Wright, 123 Maltese, 1 Ionian, and 1 Sardinian, mule-teers and carters. "The Brandon steam-transport arrived from Constantimople on the 6th with 120 horses and 1-64 non-commissioned officers and privates of the Sardinian Horso Artillery, and 10 Sisters of Charity, and left for Spezzia on the 7th. "The Derwent steam-transport arrived on the 7th from Constantinople with Ordnance stores for Ernland. "The Australian steam-transport left-on the 5th for Englaud, conveying Mr. and Mrs. Stuart, Mr. and Mrs. 'Kenzie and family, and Mr. and Mrs. Walker, in addi-tion to the military passengers (already reported) who came by her from the Levant. " The Royal Albert, screw steam line-of-battle ship, left Valetta harbour on the 5th for a few days' cruise in the 31ata channeL "Her Majesty's steam-packet Caradec left for Mlarseilles on the 5th, to relieve the Odin steam-frigate, ordered back -to Malta, and remain in her stead, awaiting the Commanderin-Chief Sir Edmund Lvons. "Her Majesty's screw steam-corvette Highflyer, which leEt on the 3d for Spithead w,ith 20 men of the Horse Artilery, returned to port on the 5th, in consequence of having fractured the spindle of the expansion valve, the repairing of which at sea vwould have c.aused a detention of at least four days. She took a fresh departure this morning. "Her Majesty's steam-corvette Spiteful arrived from Tripoli on the 7th, bringing Mr. Vice-Consul Reade, wife, mid son. "The French screwv line-of-battle ship Fleurus, conveying 1,054 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates from the seat of -war, took her departure on the 5th for Marseilles. " The French steam-frigate Vauban, having on board 562 4£ficers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, with the sailing line-of-battle ship Hercule in tow, with other l,119 :rived from Milo on the 7th. Both left on the same evening, the former for Oran, the latter for Philhpville. ' The Minna steam-transport, from Liverpool, in the French service, vith iron beats and provisions, arrived on the 7th, bound for Ilamiesch, having on board four French soldiers. " The Lady Alice Lambton steamer arrived with a geneavl cargo from Lendon, for Malta and Constantinople, on the 5th. " The Batjadingen Oldenburg screw steamer, from Gibraltar, with a general cargo, arrived on the Cth. "The Waldensian screw steamer left for Tunis on the 3d, being chartered to convey Mahomedan pilrims, thlence to Alexandria, en 0oute for the Holy Shrine at 3[ecca. "The Lady Berradaile screw steamer, from K3amiesch, ith w;ool, grain, and siLk, left on the 6th for London. *' The lersey, French postal steamer, vwith the mails from Alexandria, arrived on the 7th, bri-ngig amongotherpassengers Bishop Gohat, of Jeruscalem, and Count (le Boisserolle. "The French mail steamer from Constantinople is just signalled, and also a French wvar steamer from the East. " The East Kent 3Militia has received orders to hold itself Di readiness to leave for England." The London, 10, Captain William H. Jernis; the hospital-ship Belleisle, 6, Commander James Hosken; the pLddlewheel steam-frigate Dragon, 6, Captain William H. Stewart; and the paddlewheel steamship Bulldog, 6, Comniander Alexander C. Gordon, left Plymouth on Stnday, for the Crimea, to embark troops for England. The screw steamship Hogue, 60, Captain William Ram-ay, from Portsmontb, arrived at Plymouth on Saturday, and wvent into Hamoaze on Monday, with royal yards ncross. Her crew are ordered to be paid off, and she is to le recommissioned. The screw stearmsbip Conqueror, 100, Captain Thomas M1. C. Symonds, was placed at her sailing moorings at Devonport on Monday. The steam gunboat Rambler was taken into the basin dock ab Devonport on Monday. The Tribune, 30, Captain Edgell, arrived at Spithead yesterday from Malta, -with Lord Dalhousie and suite, three marine invalids, six seamen invalids, and five distressed British subjects. She pased on going up Channel the Nimroud from Sydney for London; the Gloriana, from Calcutta for London; the Salamander, from Bombay, &c. The Gorgon, 6, paddle frigate, Captain R. B. Crawford, arrived at Spithead yesterday from the -westward with two new gunboats and a new mortar vessel in tow. The sailing transport Minden, No. 122, left Portsmouth for Deptford yesterday after discharging the ex-convicts she brought from Gibraltar. The Oneida steam transport, No. 222, left Portsmouth yesterday with the Sth Hussars, for Kingstown, Ireland. The Orion, 91, steam two-decker, Captain Erskine, is ordered from Spithead to Plymouth. TLe Fire Queen, steam-yacht, Master-Commander W. F. P'aul, went to Spithead yesterday, on the arrival of the Tribune with Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour, to pay his somplimentary visit to Lord Dalhousie, the ex-GovernorGeneral of India, on arrival from the East. Sixteen detachments of different corps, amounting to upwards of 200 non-commissioned officers and men, completed a course of instruction at the School of Musketry, Hythe, on the 10th inst., and about 30 officers passed out at the same time, The prizes so liberally given by Colonel Hay at the conclusion of the course were awarded as foUows, viz.:_ Individual firing, to the best shot of the whole-a sergeant of the Royal Marines ; the best shooting detachment-to the Royal Marines; the best judge of distance-to a sergeant of the 42d Regiment. The officers' subscription cup was won by Lieutenant Hassard, of the oth Regiment. Recent experiments with breech-loading arms, carried on .t this establishment, have given results highly favourable to this deszcription of hearms. Many patterns of this pecnliar weapon have been under trial, and in some of them the defects hitherto observed to exist in arms of this description 7ave been almost if not entirely remedied. The results obtained from repeated and severe tests, and after firing many thousand rounds, demonstrate the superiority of the English and American breech-loading arms to those of continental maanufacture, and -particularly the muchl-boasted needle-gun of the Prussian inf,atry. The steam-transport Pacific, W. e. Thompson, com. mander, reached Malta on the 5th, having made the rmn in eight days two hounrs from Portsmouth, six hours of which ahe sias hove-to olF the Straits of Gibraltar, it being too £hick to enter. The weather was very boisterous during the passag, notwithstanding which she has averaged over 300 aniles per day since leaving Portsmouth. She was to leave Malta for the Crimea on Wednesday last. Yesterday afternoon the screwsteamers Royal William and Princess arrived at *iverpool, from Dublin, with 29 officers and 5)0 men, belonging to the Royal Lancashire Militia. The names of the officers are-Major Chambers, Captains .i .J. Middleton, G. D. Skingley, T. G. Saker, J77. P. I`rd, Greenwood, Crrek, Robinson, and Brereton; ieutenants C. Miller, H. Og-len, Tweedale, Penton, Macdonald, Drnry, Broadbent, Lawless, flirley, and plInkett ; 'Cornets Hiassard and Tucker;; Surgeon Jackson, and Mlssistant-Suxgeon HI. Hancor. Captain S. G. Bunbury, cor,-nmanding the depot of the Medical Stzr Corps at Chatham, .has been directed to hold in readines; a detachment, consistig of 6G hospital orderlies belonging to that corps, -who wigl proceed to Chichester hospital this day, in. charge of Aszis±;nt Staff Captain R. S. *Vale. The Colonel-Commandant of the REzvisional Battalion at -Chathamreceiv.d..an.qrde- from the Wrar-office yesterday, diz&cting him to ?sold in -'eadindss tui following officers, -who w ill embark withthe detachments,pf regiments from -the depNts at Che lam for India-viz., _Captain 3. Hinde, J. V. W. H. Web%, Lieutepnnt T. Xf. X acent, and En. -s;gn Ulairs, 5th (t'he King's) Regimemt,; ieutenant F. W. A4Parsons and 2ssign Hi4l, 24th TRve,gent; Cap. tain Fregir, LieutenaneG. R. Grqgsoi, av 1 J sign H. S. Rimeon, f7th Ennisldes; Lieutenant it. ;.Knox, Lieu- 3Iant H. F7. Bexnett, "u4 Lieuten2ant N. J.-C=zne, 32d Red-nenr; i,ieutenantW. 3r Baling l, Liea ut W.W. Shexlek, an c Ensign Kensps, 35th Regiment; Zusign W. 1ivesay, 4-3d ight Infantry; fTAeuten ant R. W. Xil Iis, and Ensign Bradhelis, 52d Light j fantry; Ensigng W llams and Ensi , BroaTurst, 53 Regiment; Lieutenant J. Steel, E n-4 3. , Young, Eo-4,n R. F. Jennings, and Eusi,gn W. B. NaVPCr, G0th Royg Rifles,; Lieutenant B. -1. Berry, 6hst eRiang9bt; Lieutenwz E. C. G. Kenny, 84th Regimeent; and Captai H. B*e57th, pRoyalIrish YaRileers. The following appointmcsds -were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- C oMnander Th6naaa Goss, to be Agent of Transports at Malta; G. If. Jackson, to be CO mManderto the Desperate- G. W. Toinney, to be Commander to the G ogon ; Ennis Chambers, to be Commander to the Driver; C. J. Waddi. love, to be Clmander to the SWal1ow; Hllbert (Cnmpion, to be Commandsr to the Falcon; J. H , F urneaux, to be C oempa nder to tha Vulcan; S. H. Henderepn, to be C;Orroander to the Arrow, J. H. J3arryatt, tobe Commander to the Wr 2glar; C. A. Wise, to be Com mander to the Weser; Q] 4. O 1due,l, to be cnoire1 ta the Lyn- ; Ldeitenant J. B. Field, to commandthe Locust; Hon. HIr D. Iacelles, to be Lieutenant to the Cenhtuion; J. B. M. Wilson, to be Lieutenant to the Esk; R. Adams, to be Lieutenant to the Arrogant - lion. R. Moreton, tobe Iieutenant to the Wanderer; lEward A. Carey, to be Master to the Boscaw'en G. F. WDougall, to be Master to the Fisgard; Geor e MI Stockley, to be MIaster to' the MeanderH -i tR J Pearch, to be Acting Second Master to tho Water;%o; J. A. B. Harvey, to be Assistant-Surgeon to asslar Hospital; T. Reffell, to be Assistau%'aesa'amaster to the Belle Isle; C. P. Feilon, to be Ais6stant-Paymaster to the Centurion ; D. J. Waugh, te be AssistzantClerk to the Excellent; AL B. Grand3'.:o be Assistant Clerk to the St. Jean d'Acre - John Wortley, to be Assistant-Clerk to the Royal Al%ert; E, B. Dennvs, to be Assistant-Clerk to the Indefatigable; J. W. Andrews, to be Assistant-Clerk to the Royal Albert; A. A1L Wade, to be Assistant-Clerk to the Agunemnor; andE. F. Easton, to be Assistart-Clerk to the Indefatigable. The following promotions were made yesterday, by the Lords of the Admiralty -Comnisnder Graham Ogle and Commander H. G. Morris, to be Captains; Lieutenant E. 3M. Leycester, Lieutenant E. E,. Morgan, and C. C. S. Stanhope, to be Connmanders; Mr. Peter Francis, Master, promioted to be retired Commander.
PHILHARaMVC CONCERr9 The third concert, on Monday night, began with one of Haydn's finest symphonies,-No. 10 of the set of twelve composed for Salaman. It was admirably executed, under the direction of Professor Sterndale Bennett, and Estened to with evident interest. Just now, when theory after theory, one more fantastic than another, simply helps to establish two facts,-viz., that it is easier to systematize than to compose, and that the present is rather an age of speculation and criticism than of production, no more wholesome lesson can be derived than is suggested by such unaffectedly good music as Haydn wrote, when striving to realize his owvn standard of excellence. We are by no means anxious for the preservation of all the countless works of this old master; but nothing that Haydn gave to the world con, amore deserves to be forgotten. This symphony in E flat is curious to contemplate for more reasons than one. Ia the first place, it shows the influence exercised upon Haydn by one -who was born after him and died before him. In the next, it proves that in this particular instance Beethoven owed as much to Haydn as Haydn to Mozart. No one can hear the mmuet in Hadyn's symphony without thinking of Beethoven's No. 4; no one can hear the finale ,without thinking of Beethoven's No. L While Haydn's obligations to the later works of Mozart, however, are universally acknowledged, the obligations of other composers to Haydn are too often overlooked. The other symphony-the C minor of Beethoven-was played with remarkable spirit; but there was scarcely a piano from beginning to end. It is difficult to understand why the very same performers (for the most part) who pay such strict attention to light and shade at the concerts of the Orchestral Union-where a pianissimo may be frequently detected vwhich the Paris Conservatoire itself could not surpass-pay little or none at those of the Philharmonic Societies. Dir. Alfred Mellon, we are aware, is an expert conductor, but he is not a magician, nor has he taken out patents for all the refinements of gradation in the art of orchestral performance. It is nevertheless true that what the members of our orchestra have readily done for him, in their execution of symphonies and overtures, they have failed to do for any other director-not excepting Mr. Costa himself. In the C minor symphony and in the overture to Der .Freischiltz (which terminated the concert) many improvements were observed, for which Professor Bsnnett is tobe thanked. A number of forced and exaggerated "points" were corrected, and the expression intended by the composers adhered to with a punctilio that merited and obtained the acimowledgment of connoisseurs. An old error in the second part of Beethoven's scherzo, which, being found in the printed scores, custom may be said to have stereotyped, was expunged; and we had sense instead of nonsense. Professor Bennett-himself a composer of classical pretensions-is of course thoroughly versed in the traditions of the great musicians. His presence at the head of the Philharmonic orchestra is likely to beof essential utility in purifying what is gross and uncongenial, and insuring, as nearly as possible, trae and genuine readings. The other overture was one by Mr. Cipriani Potter, entitled Antony and Cleopatra (written nearly 20 years since) I- work of extreme cleverness, althouoh perhaps not exactly conceived in the spirit of Shakespeare's play. This was well played and much applauded. The "Dramatic Concerto " of Spohr-one of that master's most splendid compositions for the violin with orchestral accompaniments- ;as performed with wonderful mechanical dexterity by Mrr H. C. Cooper, who, as one of our ablest native professors, was received with enthusiasm and warmly eucouraged throughout his performance. The vocal music was excellent, Madame Jenny Key sangt Beethoven's splendid scene, '".Ah, perfido," with great dramatic feeling; anid Herr Reichardt highly distinguished himself in the second air of Danilowditz which Meyerbeer added to the Etoile du Nord w-hen it was first produced at Dresden. An instrumental novelty of merit and originality was introduced-in the form of a concertante on Hungarian airs for two flutes and violin (accompanied by the orchestra)-with which the audience were much pleased. The composition (by Herr Doppler) is characteristic and piquant. The execution-by the brothers Doppler (flutes) and Herr Huher (violin)-was perfect. The combination of instruments is sufficiently strange; but suh faultless playing left nothing to desire and the audience were charmed alike with the music and the perform an e.
Rnut KAPEALE Disco,-vERY OF SEPTLCIBAL REM.tLNS.-Last week we had occasion to notice some curious discoveries of sepulchral remains in the grounds of Mr. Stirling, of leir. A discovery of a similar, but still more interesting nature, has just been made at Viewforth, in the grounds of our esteemed townsman, Mr. Peter Drammond. In the course of levelling the ground to the south of the mansion the workmen came upon a succession of ancient stone coffins, rudely constracted, several of which they inadvertently removed before the discovery was known to the proprietor. As soon as Mr. Drumnmond became aware of the discovery he gave instructions tha t the cists still uinmoved should be subjected to particular inspection, and thereafter carefully preserved. One of the cists, which had been unopened, and was covered with a large rude stone, Mr. Drummond ordered to be left untouched til an opportunity might be obtained for a minute and scientific inspection of the interior. From 2 to 4 o'clock on Thursday afternoon an examination of this cist and of the other remains took place in presence of Mr. Drummond, Drs. Forrest and Moodie, and the Rev. Dr. Rogers. With much difficulty, a number of workmen succeeded in removing a large portion of the trap-rock which formed the covering of the cist. On its removal a most interesting spectacle was presented. The skeleton of a full grown man lay beneath, in a state of remarkably perfect preservation. The sand and loose earth which had fallen down during the process of removing the topestone being gathered up, the bones were carefully taken out by Dr. AMoodie. In the course of this operation it was fonnd that the body had been inhumed in the primitive suode of Caledonian sepulture, the body being interred in a contracted posture, with the knees drawn up to the breast, and the hands raised to support the head-the palm of each hand resting againstthe lower partof the face. This mode of serulture, it may be remark-ed, is supposed to have beenadopted by our warlike Caledonian ancestors becauseof anideawhich was prevalent, even long after the Christian era, that it was unworthyof a chief or warriortodieinhisbed. Theosseous remains, when colected together, enabled Drs. Moodie and Forrest to pronounce the skele to be that of a male, of ordinary stature, who had died when full grown, but not at an advanced age. Of the other cists, one which remains entire is situate a few yards north of the former. It is similarly constructed, flat blocks of whinstone forming the sides, and a large rude stone being placed as a canopy. None of the cists had been provided with any protection in the bottom. A few yards further north than the cist last mentioned is a circular bed formed by flat stones, and in which was discovered a large quantity of burnt charcoal. This curious remain has been unfortunately injured, but there is abundant evidence as to its being used as a funeral pyre. Immediately adjoining, on the east, in a stone cist much narrower than the other, measuring only 16 inches at greatest breadth, and much tapering towardsthefoot,was foundasmall cineraryurn,lying sideways, with a heap of calcined bones close by it, a strong probability being thus afforded that the remains of the body which had undergone cremation in the adjoining pyre are here interred. In the process of interment the urn had been accidentally upturned. From various considerations we are disposed to assign these remains to a period as old as the Christian era. It is, indeed, probable that they may belong to an age considerably more remote. We are glad to find that 3fr. Druinmond intends to preserve the cists in their present condition. The boneswill likewise be carefully kept, and very robably be granted to our new museum.- Stirling Jomma5nct. WARP MiEIMORIAL AT ErON COLLEGE.-Yesterday, at 12 o'clock, a neeting of noblemen and gentlemen educated at Eton, at which the Duke of Beaufort presided, was held at WillWs Rooms, to consider the propriety of erectin" in Eton College a memorial in honour of the officers eda cated there who have fallen in the late war with Russia. Among the company present were the Earl of Malmesbury, Earl Dowis, the Earl of Dartmouth, Earl Nelson, Earl Howe, Lord Lyttelton, the Provost of Eton, Colonel Brownrigg, and several other Etonians. The chairman having formally stated the object of the meeting, the Earl of Malmesbury, at his Grace's request, moved a resolution, -which he nrefaced with a few words of commTent, to the effect thatin the opinion of the miaeeting it was desirable that a memorial should be placed in the chapel of Eton College in honour of the Etonians who had died in the recent war with Russia either by sword or pestilence. He added that it was onginally contemplated by those who had set this projecton foot to erect a monument with that view in the chapel, but there being no room for it there, it liad appeared to some af them, and the Provost amongthe ntunber, that the more deiirable mode of carryng out the proposed object would be to provide an ormmental window on the south side of the chajpel, on the panels of which the names of the officers who had fallen in the war might be emblazoned. He also stated that the subscriptions to the memorial would be limited to 101., so as to bring within the area the largest possible number of subscribers. The motion was briefly seconded by the Provost of Eton, and carried unanimously, after a sh.ort conversation, in which Mr. Gurdon, Mr. Folijambe, and other gentlemen took part. On the motion of Earl Fowls, seconded by Major Fuller, a committee of noblemen and gentleman was appointed to carry the project i-to efect, consisting of, among others, the Duke of Beaufort, the Earl of Derby, the Earl of Dartmouth, the Duke of Neweastle, the Earl of Malmesbury, Lord Lyttelton, Lord Overstone, Earl Howe, Lord Wenlock, the Dean of Windsor, the Provost of King's, the Provost of Eton, Mr. Walpole, MLP., the Barqtus Townshend, and Colonel Brownrigg. At the suggestion of Lord Lyttelton it was agred that the meorialo be in the form of one or more painted windows, tofbe placed in the c hapel of Etonn; and, on the moton f te Erlf Dartmouth, seconded by M1r. T. W Hall, a vote of thnks was accorded by acclamation to the chainnan. It wasstated in the course of the proceedings thatthe parents of Etonians, as well as Etonians them§tyeive aught sttb^orib to the prQopoice memorial.
- . - -OLYMUPIC TiATE A new drama 'et somew,at remarkable character was produced on tonaay nigit%, with the title Raribution. The action takes place at the Paris of the present day, and the scene of the first act is laid in the salon of Madame de Pomenars (Miss Marston), a French lady high in fashionable life. Here we make the acquaintance, nob only of the fair hostess, but also of a numerous party of. guests, the principal among. whom are Oscar de Beaupr6 (Mr. G. Vining), a gentleman dressed in accordance with the newest taste; his wife, Madame do Beaupr6 (Miss Herbert), a lady with an obvious grief on her mind and Monsieur Morisset (Mr. Emery), an elderly hero of the Bourse, who is evidently one of those French husbands doomed to the encroachments of anti-matrimonial gallants. The conversation turns on Count Priuli, a mysterious Italian noble, who has recently made a figure at Paris, and it is easy to observe thEt the susceptible heart of Madame deBeaupreis not a little affected by themention of his name. In the midst of the conversation the Count himself (Mr. A. Wigan) unexpectedly enters. He is a singular looling personage, with an interesting paUor over his countenance, dark ringlets, and a cold sardonic mode of expression. Mysterious before he appeared, he becomes still more enigmatical when visible. He professes ardent love to Madame de Beaupr6, informs her of the infidelities of her husband, and, on that gentleman's sudden departure on some frivolous pretext, reveals to her the unpleasant fact that he has only gone to meet Madame Morisset in a box: at the Opera-house, which is in the immediate vicinity. Madame de Beaupr6 is indignant and doubts; but Victor de Mornac (MIr. G. Murray), a smooth-faced youth, whom she despatches to the Opera, soon returns with a confirmation of the Conlnfs allegations, and she now hints that she wiU readily receive further information on a subject which so nearly affects her domestic hap. piness. At this crisis the drop-scene falls, our curiositY having been further excited by the circumstance that young De Mornac has addressed the Italian Count as his brother, and that the latter has warned him to keep his relationship a secret. Expectation being thus screwed up to a pitch almost un. endurable, it is a great relief when, in tho second act, the two brothers meet in the Count's apartment, and enter into confidential discourse. From this we learn that the Count is not a Count at all, nor even an Italian, but simily a French naval officer, who, having returned home to Toulon after an absence of two years, has found his beloved wite dying, together with circumstantial but unmistakeable evidence that she has been seduced by De Beauprc. In consequence of this wrong, he has devoted himself to a scheme of vengeance, takenthe name of an Italian friend to to conceal his real character, and made himself the intimate friend of De Beaupr6, whom he has resolved not to quit, until, as Iago says, he is " even with him, wife for wife." That De Beaupre should be demolished, morally and plysi. cally, is, of course, all right enough, but against the seduction of the innocent Madame do Beauprc young Victor protests loudly, partly on ethical grounds, and partly because he is - in love with her himself. Howevel-, the so-called Priuli adheres to his purpose, remarks that the lady is to be treated as a victim of destiny, and he is not a little gratified by the subsequent commuunication of De Beaupre, who drops in to teU him that Madame de Mrorisset has proved a " bore," that he has determined to return to the path of conjugal fidelity, that he has found his wife un. willing to accept his overtures of peace, and that, by wvay or awakening her susceptibilities, he is going to feign a suddei departure for Fontainebleau, intending to return andjoyfully surprise her when her despair ab his loss is at its height. Priuli wil take advantage of this absence to call on Madame de Beauprc, on the pretext of showing some letters that wil prove the infidelitv of her husband beyond the possibility of doubt. As might almost be anticipated, the boudoir of Madame do Beaupre is the scene of the third act. The lady, plunged in grief, receives an unexpected visit from Victor, who, in ardent terms, warns her against the nmachmations of his brother, the supposed Count Priuli. rHe is surprised by De Beaupre, who, though he is satisfied by the indignant tone with which his wife listens to the boyish lover, taunt; the aspiring youth with such cutting observations on his juvenility that a challenge is the result. The boy departs, breathing vengeance against the man who dared to insult him by hints of a birch-rod, and the husband sets off on his imagmary j ouney to Fontainebleau. lNTow is the time for the appearance of the avenger. Count Priuli enters by the window, proves all the unpleasant truths to the lady, who is horror-stricken at feeling that she is like the bird in tle presence of the rattle-snake, inasmuch as her heart is responding in some measure to the protestations of the tempter. She so moves him by the demonstration of her emotionsthat, scornig to taL-e advantage of his osition, he retires by the window, and watebes her as she fals into the arms of her husband on his unexpected return. In the apartment of Count Priuli, where the fourth act takes place, this terrible tale of complicated crime and vengeance is brought to a close. Madame de Beauprd rushes into the Count's presence with a letter (vritten, of course, by Victor), in which she has been warned against him, but hearing the voice of her husband she speedily conceals herself in a closet. De Beaupr6 has called to solicit the hospitality of Priuli for his juvenile adversary whom he has just wounded, when the exclamation of the Count, "HIe is my brother !" uttered in atone of terrific menace, at once reveals the situation in which all the parties are placed. De Beaupr6 perceives that if Priuli is thebrotber of Victor he is likewise the husband of the lady who died at Toulon, and that a second fight is inevitable. Coats are accordingly taken off, shirt-sleeves are tucked up, and Priuli and De Beaupre enter upon mortal combat, after the fashion rendered familiar by the Corswan Bs-others. After afew passes De Beaupr6 falls mortally wounded; his wife, rushing from her place of concealment, throws herself on his body; but the vengeful joy of Priuli is checked by the intelligence that his brother is dead in an adjoining apartment. The strong situations of this piece-and strong they are with a vengeance-are introduced with consummate skill, and the dialogue throughout is as powerful as it is polished. Moreover, the acting of Mr. Wigan and Miss Herbert leave nothing to desire. The former, generally icing himself down to an appearance of artificial ease and coolness, almost demoniac in its character, bursts out wvith some grand passages of unconstrained emotion, and the ejaculation with which he reveals himself, the full measure of vindictiveness which he forces into one look and one sentence, is really terrific. Of the lady, who is a d6butante, it would be weak praise to say that she is promising." The situations in which she is placed demand the strongest expression of feeling, and these she accomplishes with a truthfulness which is altogether distinct from the ordinary manner of the stae, and which would seem to indicate that she actually imagines herself involved in the mimic perils and sorrows of the fable. A burst of applause summoned both Mr. Wigan and Miss Herbert before the curtain at the end of the third act. The impression left at the end of the piece was nevertheless somewhat equivocaL Whether the duel looked so like that in the Corsican Brothers as to convey the notion of a familiar effect once more revived, or whether, vhen the excitement of the third act had passed away, the more fastidious among the audience began to feel uneasy in the very peculiar moral atmosphere that enveloped the whole affair, certain it is that several sounds of disapprobation pertinaciously maintained themselves amid the applause that fol. lowed the descent of the curtain. Mr. Wigan, however, announced the piece for repetition every night, and a cry was raised for the author. No one responded to the flattering summons, but we understand that the play is the work of several hands, a French novel having been the basis of operation. The scenery is in the best taste; the salon, with which the action opens, being especially a gem of stage decoration.
BOYAL IlAIAN OPERA. Signor Mario made his first appearance last night before the most crowded audience that has assembled since the commencement of the season. The opera was Lulcr-eia Borgia. An evening of real enjoyment was universally anticipated; but it turned out to be an evening of disappointments. No one was to blame. Singers cannot always be expected to have their voices in good order; and on the present occasion two were indisposed. These were Mario and Ronconi-Gennaro and Alphonso-rather imaportant exceptions, it will be owned, to the otherwise healthy condition of the d-anzatispC;-sonwc. Ronconi was so bad that it was "impossible" for himt to sing; and a printed circular solicited indulgence for M. Zelger, who had undertaken to replace him "at a very short notice." M. Zelger, nevertheless, is thoroughly familiar with the part of the Duke, and though neither a Ron. coni nor a Tamburini, got through it extremely welL Dnrio, bolder or more zealous than his fellow invalid, came forward, rather than disappoint the public, and did hisbest. His best,however-afterthe "protogo" (whynob first act?), in which he sang the eharming melody, "-Di pescatoro ignoble," with unrivalled sweetness-did not signify much. In the trio, where the Dlke administers the poisoned cup to Gennaro, Mario's voice began to fail; his usual caratina was omitted; and in the last scene it was only with painful efforts that he could utter a note. The audience, evidently aware of the difficulty under which lie laboured, took it in good part, accepted the will for the deed, were considerate and kind, and revenged themselves by applauding Grisi. Grisi was grander than ever in Lucrezia. She sang both for herself and for Mario. She animated the stage from first to last, by her presence, and whenever the interest began to flag revived it by indomitable energy and unparalleled exertions. If there be trtll in the proverb, "Where there is a will there is a way," Grini can never fail to triumph, since, in her, the desire to please is a chronic alfectson. No contretenps can abash, no unforeseen calamity quench the fire that burns within her. Such artistic n'atures are as rare as they are precious. Grisi was twice reCUllcd. Ah ?deioiselle NantierfDidice, too, must be praised, as the best i'afleo Orsini since Alboni. She sang the Brindiss famously; and was encored with enthusijasm. Thne opera enjioyed evi advantage that a first-rate stis en scenC could insure-and thle hand and chorus under Mr. Costa, were perfect. Iu thYOW particulars-the size of the theatre taken lnto considerato=t e Royal ItalianOpera, at thelyceum, may be said to emulato th Royal ItnlPn Sper in Th gld and vast abode.
- TESTIMONIAL TO MR COSTA. I On Monday afternoon a numerous and influental body of gentlemen, chielyconnectedwiththe management of theBirminghamEusical Festivals, assembledin the committee-room of the Town-hall of that town, for the purpose of presenting to Mr. Costa a testimonisin token of his eminent services as conductor of the mnusical department of those performances duringthe lastthreetriennialfestivals. LordWMilloughby de Brokte occupied the chai, and among the gentiemen present were the eayor, Mr. J. W. hhateley, Mr. Mason, Mr. Westley Richards, Mr. G. Whateley, Mrx. Stimpson, Mr. J. T. lawrence, and. P. RoDing, cr. Thornton, and Messrs. Bartholomew, Boultby, and Smith, of London, ac. Mir. Costa was loudly applaudedwhenhe entered the room. The noble Clrd ncludi, in addressing Mr. Costa, said he had been requested by the Conmnittee of the Birnminghaan Festival to present him with the testimonial then on the table. Reonly wished thttheduty hadfallen into otger hands, or upon one whose powers of eloquence would have done onore justice to the presentation; butthis he could say, that no man mnore than himself appreciated the mnotives by which the gift had been dictated. At a time when the duties of Mr. Costa were extremely onerous, he undertook th he poduction of a new oratorio for the Birmingham Festi - and, notwithstanding his other engagements, in three montts itwas completed. (Rear, bear.) Row well that oratorio succeeded those who heard it would best judge; to bini (Lord Broke) it gave perfect satisfaction. kr. Comsa had conducted the last three festivals in Birmingham - and to his talents and judgmenit in conducting was, in his tha Broke's) opinion, to be attributed the high reputation and success which they hadl achieved. After alluding to. the gratuitous production of Ei for the Birmingham Festival, the noble lord concluded, amid cheers, by presenting the testimnonial. The testimnlialis of silverrelievedwith gold. Itisfrointhe manufaCtorY Of Messr. Elkington, Mason, and Co., and was designed by their principal artist, Mr. Charles Grant. The subject is taken from the First Chapter of the First Book of fings, and represents the presentation in the Temple of t the infant Samuel to Eli. The high-priest, robed in gorgeous vestments, and holding a golden censr, occupies adais in the centre of the group, receiving Samuel at the hands of Rannali, as "andedicated unto the Lord!' Opposite the mother and her first-horn is placed Elkana, leaning in a reverential attitude on his staff having brought of "the first friits of the land" as an offering. t n the back ground appear tthe altar of incense, the table of show-bread and pot of manna. The inscription, in raised silver letters, on the front of the pedestal of Sienna marble is taken from the following passage in the oratorio:-" Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord!' On a siver plate at the back is engraved,:-"To Myhael Costa, in commemoration of the first performance, on the 2 ith of August, 1I85 of EU, n oatoro gneroslycompsedby himi for the Birmingham muucal Frrangesetiv mhl maidoe funds of the General osptal asa tibue t hi geiusand as a record of his disnteestd ibealiy tistesimoialispresented by nobeme an getleen f te cmmiteeof manage- Mr. CtSTA, who for I time was completely overcome by his feelings, acknowledged the gift in the following terms: -My Lords and Gentleinen,-When , in 1.829, came to England, an utter stranger, Bi rionham, for a short thuf becamne my abode, and it -was here frsexrindknnesses to which I constanitly recur 'with pleasurable recollection. If, then, after 26 yea-rs, I still retain these happy remininsconces, what must be 3my feelings now, on receiving at your kIdnd hands a testimonial of your esteem for me as a friend rather than as a mere memorial of your. a proval of my efforts in your service ? (Cheers.) I thankl the subscribers for their beautiful gift, andl I beg to assure them that it shall be my constant, earnest endeavour to prove to the committee of the Birmingham Festival how highly I appreciate the honour they have thus conferred upon me. Your Lordship has been flsttsringly pleased to conniect my name with so nLoble an institution as the Birminghamn General Rospital,- that ampl repays me for all the anxious moments I passedl in bringing to matursty miy first sacred composition. The liberal adoption and inauguration of this work might of itself justify the ambition of any composer. Your Lordlship has also thought well to speak of my exertions in connexion with the Biringham Musical Festival. I foal proud, my Lord, in being at the head of the finest musical congress in t-he worldl; and so long as the conmmitee pusu heir present bold andl j'udicious manapoment, I feeasr=e'd will the meeting prove beneficial to tie fhuds of that iumportant institution, to the interests of which nil musical arrangements shouldbe mnade subservient. Accept my thanks, -which I gratefully offer for this truly beautiful memiorial of your ldnduness onthis day-a day of which I am proud and shall never forgot. Mi. Costa retired amid enthusiastic cheering. A dinner was to be given to Mr. Costa at the Ron andl Chick-ens in the evening, and selections from the oratorio of Eli in the Town-hall.
LORD DALHOUSIE'S PEASIOZN. TO TH13 EDITOl OF TM: TIMEhS. Si.,-A grave question has been started as to the power of the Court of Directors to grant a pension to the Marquis of Dalhousie, and, if there is no better foundation for it than that which Mr. Vernon Smith stated to the House of Commons on Friday night, it is clear that no such power exists. The Legislature restlicted the power of the East India Company to grant pensions bv the 33d of George m., c. 52, s. 125, but such clause relates to Company's servants only, and is probably now wholy inoperative, being passed alio intiitu with respect to the trading funds of the East India Company. MEr. V. Smith admits that the act is inapplicable, but relies on the 55th of George M., c. CA, as giving power to the Court, with the sanction of the Board of Control, to grant pensions above 6001. a-year to any person, whether in the Company's service or not. But Mr. Smith has wholly misunderstood the purport of this act. The former act restricted the power of the Company to grant pensions exceeding 2001. a-year ; the present act restricts the power to grant gratuities exceeding G001; and such gratuities as well as the pensions are to come out of the funds of the Company which no longer exist. If the Court of Proprietors of the East India Company, which is to mcet on Wednesday next, really be, as they were facetiously termed by Lord Pantnure, the House of Commons for India, I trust that they will satisfy themselves and the public as to tw-o points-first, the legal power o the Company to grant a pension out of the revenues of India to a stranger (for an ex-Governor is not distinguishable in law from any other stranger); and, secondly, the propriety and justice of granting a gratuitous 5,0001. I.er annum out of revenues -which have shown a deficit during the last three years of muore than two millions A BARRISTER. M4 10.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-There are two or three points on which the corporation of the city of London desire to fix public attention, so as to excite the fears of the ratepayers and secure opposition to the so long called for reform of the corporation. They assert that the bill will deprive the citizens at large of their franchise; instead of which it extends the franchise to every ratepayer. Their next point is, that it wil deprive the citizens of property now applied to publc improvements. Thisrefers to the coal dues, condemned by al as ageneral tox, affecting-numberswho receive no benefit from it, and, therefore, not to be renewed after the debts are paid for which the duties are pledged. Theirnextgrave objection is, that, instead of civic and comnmercial magis. irates, they wiU have State nominees, which wil impose on the citizens and ratepayers the payment of salaries. Commercial men cormplain that civic magistrates are often absent when required for commercial pDrposes, and advocate the appointment of stipendiary magistrates, who' during the hours of busminess, would never be absent from their duty. The additional rate, however, is the point upon which the greatest stress is laid. It is therefore my duty to lay before the ratepayers the unvarnished facts, and leave them to judge whether or not a considerable saving may not he effected in even this model department. In the copy of the accounts to which r have so often referred the expenses of the magistracy are 8,1917. 9s. Sd.,a sum calculated to startle even the nerves of an alderman. The following are some of the items: MANSION-HOUSE. Oity Marshals...£. .. ..;82 13 S Umform, cocked hats, and boots for do. 99 19 0 Mr. Goodman, Principal Clerk .65........... . 0 0 0 Mr. Martin, Assistant Clerk .. . 350 0 0 MAr. Picl;ering, Cashier .......... ... . 2100 0 Mlr.H. Sewell ...-.. .. .. .. 15v) 0 0 MIr. J. Forrcster-..... .. .. .. 150 0 0 Mlr. D). Forrester-..... .. .. .. 150 0 0 wMr. Pickering, wages and disbursements 681 10 (6 Footman and porter (201. each)-............. .. 40 0 0 IJniforms -.. ..-. .. .. 744 0 liepairs-. . .. .. .. S 9 0 - £3,446 15 11 GunD}liAra. Principal clerk .. Assistant ... .. Cashier ... .. Ditto for wages, &c. Other items ... .£5 00 0 ... 300 00 ... 210 0 0 ... 446 4 7 ... ..... ... 1,456 4 7 3071 11 6 Total cost .£ . . 5,210 12 1 SolicitorsebiUs of disbursements arisingl out of, but not necessarily an annual 1,522 19 6 charge.. Other expenses incidental to the magis- trates1 ... ... ... 1457 IS 2 £82,191 9 8 The greatest objector to a paid magistracy will not dispute ihe following as a liberal alowance- Two Stipendiary Magistrates £1,500 perann. each £3,000 TwoChief Clerks ... 300 - 600 Two Assistant Clerks .. 150 - 300 Two Sergeants of Polce ... 100 - 200 Two Constables ... ... 75 - 150 Two Messengers ...- .. 52ls. - 105 Total cost ...4 .. ... ... i,355 Wethus see that apaid magistracy, established on the most liberal footing, could not cost over 4,355L, whfle the unnpaid and irresponsible civic magistracyrcosts 5,21'. lOs., lhe difference being a savmg of 8556 a-year, without touching other incidental chwUes. The cry of economy :g the veriest sham ever inventedThe authorities presume on tbe patience and ignoran.o of the public, forgetting that £ thor@pgh digest of these matters has been made bv. Sir. your nhedient serv2nt. F. 13ENNo 77, Woodstei, v 13. -
TEE BANDS IN THE PARKS. On Saturday the Archbishop of Canterbury addressed a letter to Lord Palmerston, pointing out the violation of the feelings of the people caused by the playing of the bands in the parks on Sunday, and the evil effects which (in the opinion of the Primate) had been produced in the minds of the people, and imploring him to reconsider his decision. TLord Palmerston has replied to this appeal, that his only intention in permitting the band to play in the parks on Sundays was to give the people an innocent and healthy recreation between the hours of Divine service, and in the hope of keeping the working men out of the alehouses ; but that, as he found his plan had been received with so great repugnance; that as there was, at all events, so much difference of opinion, and that as even the working people themselves appeared to be indifferent on the subject, although he retained his own views and opinions, yet, in deference to public opinion and to the religious feelings of the community, he would order that the Playing of the bands on Sunday should be discontinued. In commenting upon this subject, Mr. Baines, of Leeds, vrites:- ' " I cannot understand how any man can doubt that the whole question of the character of the Sabbath, for England, for her dependencies, and for all the countries whiom she may influence, is mow at stake. The performance of militarv bands on the Sundav may seem a small thino. But it is not small even in itself, still less in the principRo which it involves, or in the consequences to which it must lead. That cannot be a small thing which collects 90,000 persons in the first city of the world, and is likely to collect still larger numbers as the season advances, and when the attraction is presented in several other parts of the metropolis. There may be many respectable persons n such a crowd, hut there are sure to be great numbers of vicious persons of both sees, who come to seduce the young and unsuspecting. T'ois will be their chief hunting ground. H3:ere they will reap their fullest harvest. Can any man who has ever walked London streets have a doubt on the subject 9The love of music is all but universal; in itself it is innocent and lawful, but it may be used for the worst purposes, as wellas for the best. The strains of martial music cause the pulse to bound andfire the imagination, andthey are wholly out of accordance withthesacredrepose ofthe Sabbath. Itis, however, their fascination which here constitutes their chief dlanger. Crowds are sure to foUlowthem; andnamong these crowds, arrayed in their Sunday finery, thousands of young girls and young men, withnomorethan the averageamountof vanity and weakness, will be brought into circumstances of ex-treme periL At these places, I fear, thousands of Sunday scholars will first learn to desert the school and the place of worship, and to enter on the downward path of folly and vice. The danger may bc scoffed at by thoughtless persons; but is there any Christian father or mother who would'willing,ly let their children or servants attend such scenes? Is there any Sunday school teacher who would not feel that the scholars were lost to the school andto the sanctuary when they had begun to frequent the mmntary performances in the parks '" MSr. Baines adds:- " I have not the least hesitation in saying that the opening of the British Museum and the National Gallery w ould have been far less mischierous, because there the numbers assembled would have'been fewer, and the attendant circumstances would have been calculated more to excite the intellect and less to stimulate the passions. Sir Benjamin 13all, therefore, not only prestumed to set the decision of the House of Commons at deiiance, hut to do a worose thing than that which the HIouse forbade." _~~~~~~~~~~~~al
JMSICAL UNTION. The return of Herr Ernst is always looked forward to with pleasure by oonnoisseurs of quartet-playing; and no wonder, since among the violinists of the present day he stands unrivaUed as a master of expression. In Haydn and Mozart-in Beethoven, Iendelssohn and Spohr-he is equlIly at home; and it is as great a treat to hear him play one of the early works of the first-named composers as any of the most imaginative and elaborate productions of the last. Nothing could be more exquisite than his reading yesterday of the slow movement in Mozart's first quartet-from the six dedicated to Haydn. It was throughout genial, unaffected, and faultless. liostronger contrast to such mnsic could be found than in the variations and sc1ierzo of Menidelssohn (Op. S1), from the posthumous works, where the unbridled fancy of the modern school is united to a contrapuntal ingenuity equal to Mozart's. Herr Ernst entered thoroughly into the spirit of aMendelssohn; and we have never heard these interesting fragments executed Nvith greater spirit andnessc-with more playfulness and at the same time more fire. Herr Ernst seems (like all true artdsts) to object to encores-if we may judge by his declining to respond to the wish, so unanimously expressed, of hearing this animated and peculiarly Mendelssohnian sclerzo once again. It would, nevertheless, have borne repetition. Madame Clara Schumamn was the pianist. Her grand morceau was the second trio of Mendelssohn (in C minor), which she played very finely, -with Herr Ernst as violin and Signor Piatti as violoncello. We have seldom listened to a more satisfactory performance. This, however, from three such artists was not at all surprising. Madame Schumann selected, as her solo piece, theThirty-two variations of Beethoveon a theme in C minor, to whichMendelssohn used to be sopartial Like Mendelssohn, Madame Schumann played them vithont booki. It is hoped that when this lady next appears at the Musical Union she will be invited to perform in one of the chamber compositions of Robert Schumann (her husband). lo one understands them so well, or executes them so entirely co0Z amore. The other performers in the mnorceaux cr'ensen2ble were Messrs. Cooper (second violin) and lHill (viola). It was Signor Piatti's first appearance this season, as well as Herr Ernst's; and the director may be congratulated on the reacquisition of this greatest of violoncellists, after a long absence in the provinces with Madame Jenny Goldschnmidt Lind. The rooms were crowded to suffocation-a welcome sign to all who feel an interest in the progress of genuine musical taste among the higher and the wealthier classes.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,--Residing in a distant part of the west of Scotland, I did not see the report in your paper of the debates in Parliament of the 29th nlt. until the beginning of last week, and, greatly to my surprise, I read therein, under the head " Constabulary Force (Ireland)," the speeches of Mr. IrMahon and others, and - immediately-came up to London to give the statements made by them regarding myself and the management of my estates in Galway the most unqualified contradiction, but foumd, to my regret, the Honses of Parliament were on the eve of adjournment for the holydays. As it is impossible for me to rest under the serious imputations contained in the speeches referred to, of which I am wholly innocent, and as I intend to bring the matter again before Parliament, with the view of vindicating my character, I beg, through your columns, to request the public to suspend its judgment on the undeserved charges that have been brought against me. I am, Sir. your obedient servant. ALLAN POLLOI. 1 22, Suffolk-street, Fall-mall, May 13.
CELEBRATION OF THE PEACE IN NOTrTnGHAm.- Tuesday, the 13th inst., was the day set apart by the towncounciland inhabitants of Nottingham fora holydayto colebrate the ratification of the peace. At an early hour in the mornrng a great number of fagsandbanmers waved fromthe public edifices and other buildings of the toown, the bells rang merrily, and a procession was formed at 10 o'clock in the market-place, consisting of an advanced guard of Pensioners, vanous flags and banners, 4,000 Sunday-school children, bands and %anmers, 3,000 Sunday-school children, Odd Fellows, the recruiting staff, Crimean soldiers, disabled Crimean soldiers drawn in a triumphal car by four horses, banners of the allied armies, military bands, corps of enrolled pensioners, the Mayor and magistrates, towncouncil, Odd Fellows, Druids, Foresters, &c. The procession paraded the principal streets of the town, and then returned to the market-place, where the school children sang the National Anthem, and the pensioners fired a feue de joit The Arboretum was opened free of charge, and in the afternoon the eurolled pensioners, Crimean soldiers, and recruiting staff dined together. The Corpration and other public bodies celebrated the occasion by dining together, andin the evening there were a display of fireworks in the market-place and several illuminations. TIlE BURIAL-PLACE OF EI) ) BURKE.-At a meeting of the Bucks Arohitectural and Archeological Society, held last-week atAylesbury, ArehdeaconBickersteth made the following observations in reference te the burialplace of this greatstatesman:-" During my officialvisits to the churches in the archdeaconery, I have often looked with regret on the church of Beaconsfield. It is one of great interest, for there lie the remains of Edmund Burke; and yet, with the exception of a smal tablet, there is no record of that distingoished man. Not only is this so, but there is no record whatever in this county of Edmund Burke. Ihad an opportunity of meeting, a few weeks ago, a descendant of this great statesman, Mr. Peter Burke, a barrister, and he is most desirous to promote some lasting memorial of his great ancestor. 2Now, though he is a Roman Catholic, Mr. Burke is willing to aid in the restoration of the church, thinmking that such would be a proper mode of doing honour to the memory of Edmund Burke, by repairing the church in which he worshipped, and that, besides, it would be a sort of national memorial. This might be accompanied with a memorial window, but as yet nothing Is raatured. Air. Do. PrO, our countymember, is warmly in favour of such a movement; and I have received most kind letters from Earl Howe and other distinguished persons in favour of such an object. It is one which, Ithink, our society should keep in view, for we may thus combine the restoration of the building with a desire to do honour to departed worth and greatnesL-Beucks Heraltl. POOR RELIEF IN IELAND.-The total expenditure in Ireland during the year ended Mtichaelmas-y, 1855 for ihe relef of 269,800 paupers relieved in-doors, aid 35,432 out-of-doors, amounted to the sunt of 683,5971. The cost of tlle in-maintenance was 432,8411.; that of the outrelief, 4,701? - the salaries of officers and their rations, U19,832Z.i and all other expenses. 126,2191. The valuation was ,565,40., and the averap pmidnge of thi "epnedtv8 on the 4uatlQfln Is. 2id.
SALES BY AUOTION. MR. -MARSH'S ORtDER of SALE, at the mart, - T- ninzrow.mav 16. at I o'elook punctually : 1. A Fre,!hold House and Shop, No. 6e. WVet Smithfield. 2. Two Freehold Houses, 'No. 6' and 0, Brtholomew-close; in two Iotan. 3. A. Freehold Ilouco, No. 21. Brook-strect. lIolborn. 4. Five valuable Hloused and Shops, situate at Upper Sydenham: in 5. Fou,r Acres3 of Freohold Land, at Sx-de,iham: In one lot,. 6. A Villa Residlence, two honseswith shops, a builder's YT,rd aItrivate dwelling-house, and eight cottages att Lower, itydenham: inm erie lot. 7. A Fresh-lld Property, comprising a bees-shop and seven dwellinghouse- in l3righton-termrce. Stepney: in eight lots. S. liuproveil Leasehold Ground Rents, amounting to £46 2-. Od. per annuim, Freured upon propertv-in Lambeth. 9. A FreeholdI Touise and Shop, in Mint street. Borouigh. 10. A Leasehold Property, aLt Laren&sr-hill. Walwortla. 11. Two Dwelling-houses and Bmusims PremLsts3, situate in EAststreet, Vzilwortli. Particulars ma; be obtainedI at the TMart, and at Mlr. Marsh's offices 2, Charlotte-row, Mansion-beeLse. Foreign Cigars of a geniuine. old. fit-lass quaiy vi trd MEissRts. -ROBINS will SELLbyACTO,a ITI.- the Mfart. THIS DAY ald To-m',rrow. at12OLFREG CIGARS, of first-class qualit'., and in the 1bestcodtnltedo suit private purcha-sers On view (wiith catalogues nmsnnso sale, and a sample box of each opened for inspectio; n atn.- Vn-sd~een,v- Pledger-Now on VsS ~,ESSRS. PRIEST and LAURENCE will SELL itlbIy AUCTION. at their spacin:m Rerums, Upper St. Miartin's-lane.. To-mo.rro-. May 15. at 11 for 12 oel1ock pmactualIly, 460 lotsof L&DIES' and GEN2rLEMENIs ATTIRE, rich silk, satins, guns, pistols, china, and a greatvariety of usefuil miscellaconis property. -Old Bottled Ports. Sherries. Clarets. Hock, Champagne, and Spirnts. , fESSRS. J. B. PUDDICK annt Co. have been Alfavoured with instructionn to SELL by AUCTION, at their Rooms. 314 A. Oxford-street, THIS DAY. Mlay the 14tht at 2 most punctually, a large parcel of fine extremely old WINE' asnd SPIRITS. Thie wines may be sanipled and tasted at the office, and catalogues had, 600,dozen us all, to be sold to cover an advance. No. 19. Wisitechaiel Higb-street--To Tallowchmndlers, -Oilmen, and othesem-Lease of extensive Premines, and Plant and Goodavill of a T1atlowehandler sod Oilmian. &yfRz PETER -BROAD wvill SELL by AUCTION; 131. at hi3 offices. 28. Poultry, on Mdonday, May 19,- at I for 2R the 11EN EFICTAL LEASE of ties above lulportauit and spacious PItEMeISES,cornpri sin- goodI dwelling house, shapi extensivebaclt promiises,; f.c-tory. lofts. &e, witlaihack enitrance. On view till thesale. Partienlarsan,eo csslitinss onthe premis-es: orof thecauctioneer, 2S,Poulltry,- Primstina. Mfaterials and Life Policy.-Reo Dewing. Bankrupt, I%,ESSRS. DEW andI KEYSELL will SELL 'by iiLAUCTION, on the Premises, 5, Ikteth-treet. Xewgata-streer Tn-morrow, at 11. the MATERIALS of a JIOBBINGs OpFFICE, nea,rly new, sevieral iron presses. two cutting machines, the policy of &,suva-se upon theslife of the bankrupt for£110, &c. Catatlogues to be had of C. Lee. Esq.. officisl assirac-e Aldermanibury; and the asuetionier, 35,9 Camomile-street. Ili5hopsgato within. On Viewe-Anerley. Seerrecy,--Feevimitre. Platted Articles, andi Effects. jIf.JOHN BURFORD will SELL by AUCTION, INE o the Premises, 6. Park-terrace, Aneerley. To-morrow. M?,ay 15, at 12, capital FIIItNITUTRE ; C nsprisluig mahogany Arabian and other lcdisteads. wardrobe and clambeer tittinlgs, s.imepiecs by Frodsham, dining and lao tables, chiairs in damask zsnd horsehair, chimneyglasse_s, carpets, curtains, 'plated tea andI coffee service, and numecrous, effects. Now on view, and catalogues had at the auctioneeres offices 20. Thrognorton-street. city. ThisDay-H4ousbohod Fnrniture. excelletuCooh-ing Apparatus, manu- factured by Deanie and Co.. Coffeehouse Fittings, anid a large assort_sueat of2ttmsceliancens Propeety. 3/[ESSRS. PRIEST and LAWRENCE wrill SELL iT y AUCTION, at their spacious Rooms, Upper St. M1artin`slane. THIS, DAY lWednesclay), at 12 for I, a lar-ge ass;ortment of HOUSEHOLD FURtNITURE and HISCELLANEOUS PRorERTY, comprising dining room, bedl room. parlour. and office furniture, the casutal fittings of a coffeesliop, gas bracket5 tWo stoves, palntinige, chins, glass, anid usefal itemsR. 14. Albert-square, Clapham-road, 1/R. GEO. SEAL bns received instructions to SELL ,UXLby ACTIN, o thopreises onThursday. May 15, at 12, shecotlydrwin, inng oo. ad hanlcr URNITUItE. consist- marblert-top hsand.T drawngloroom Bulesuit inrosmnewood,c prsn 1U.W. R. FORD wvill SELL bY ATUCTION, at his Rpooms, 18, Penton row, Waiworth. To-miorrow (Thurda y), at1 for 2 precisely. iinder anas-ignesent for the benefit of creditors, a large And vil,mabte STOCIC of PAPERtHANGUTGS of the best m~anufacture and many niew natterns ; comprising rich gold andl silver on satin. handsome dlocks, satins. damaskE, chintars, block and hand marm-Is, ciis,borders, and remnrants, C0 dozenk barrel bolts, sashpulleys, laae iles, rasps, gimlets,and otheer jronmsongery, stiring cart, and effect,-7. Nowon 'jew, Cataloges tobe had of M,r. MurrelL, olicitor, SerJeants-jnn ; and at the auctioneer~'s offices3and roems. Dartmiouth, Devon.-Villa Residence and Cottage adjoining, e~qual to freehold. writh imnmediate possession, MlESSR.S. DEBEINHAINL STORR, andl SON are h3.instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at Garrawap'`, Wednesday, May 21. a VILLA-I RDSIDENCE, with cottaeg and garden adjoinin& situate at Crosether's-bill. Dartmnonth, held for 1.000 and 6,000 years at a pepprorn. The house comman,ds views of Ford-vale, the river. tw,ad harbour and, from the mildness of the air in this famed locality, is especially adaptedl for the occupation of an invalid. MayV be viewed on rpplication to 'Mr. J. L., Lidasteno. Lower street, Dastmouth. Particulars; of Mfr. Prildeaux. solicitor, Dartmouth; and of the ausctioneers, King-street, Covent-gardeon. Great, Iookbam. S,irrey.-The truly valuable and comnpact Fyreehold Estate, of abesut 50 aCres, with aL substantial Residence, known as Milltield-bouse, surriuinded by beautiful gardens, and well-tionbered and park-like grounds, FREDERCK JOES isinstructed to SELL A ION, a Garrawa's, on Wdnesday,May 21.at 12. (senTIc'spreiouly dspoed f b PriateConract) te anvedesirable PROPRTY,of hichprited artiulas wih aviewandplan of the estae ae no redy or dstrbutin; ndaay be had of Samuel Stailad, sq, slictor 22 Buveie-tret,Fleet-street; Mrr. James Jone, etateaget, 7. Mlk-tret, Ces,sid; and of the auectioneer, Ncwiugou.-Elgibe long Leasehiold Property, at lo groundl rente, tJfR. TOWNSEND is instructed by the Executors 131of the late Mfr. Robert Heusey to SEI-L by AUCTION, at the Red Cap. Camboerwell, onu londay, May 19, at 2, THREE capitoal RE- lT o Smeses O thster, Benhmbersnd Cauldngr atocietih aldsoathelr Reiene elitbe for ocuptin. Nonsow. 37,Gorosveor-ark south, occu-i1W piEdEbyLW Turner,bEslt MOTWGbe viewed anod particulrs iuadh ofe Messs. Prkerand ons,soliitor. eishm: and (asrmegards 3, Grovenr-prk)of . andm. ss, soicior 5, hroad.sitre ateLond bride. ad Hgh-sree, Detfor r oftheauctidoner, Gh reenwich and Gad's-hill. Kent. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ St oSal aigtaless Ltemehldro In uilding,a Soitoiesndohes BORAIN hand SOen wivouSeLL byt Antuctions AUC. TIO,tb Roll Inn.rt Honriasvw o-orw. May 16th atw4, lot FReEHOuaeLDErik-uit OTDAGES,Gwith goodSE gardens, indtheioccu of ne rtao cttaes.Paticlar an coditon ofsae a boemhad Eligibldhosq oe mle aseod Invetfrmet aHx on. th JR . CHARLESB O K has been favoured wih nsru tihn M isrcin(from theTu tees opieo of the latbJseh vedl raesideceto snIJ>b AUitItoN pbiSAtEo the Mart,seonnFriday, May 162t1 coi,ind twoeelots, Nos. 1ay. 2 ,4 . and1 6,oc Hriedley-ac, and the egand in2, cosivmodassrn groUndrn\o3 perIan annumT.abThe pr0opert n wfraeloldsituae andines excllet rpai, ~rodci a entl o £10 I, prgmannum. Forn part- don road, ~ ~ ~ ~ aio oMRe. CHAv LES BROO S YP ben avurd)it Unu istae-gootIn (Furomitime rparitory oflthesabte proesidnce tof seb- mit torpulicSALE MonPthe remisedu Tuedam Matny hil.adtrefl FURNITRSan IFFEAMM aOuD 1anoe o aeod PortA Winoes,h S ta yers sebetle afwdoznso ShRoy,rnemd, a hc,srmevalea -Ea 1 furda anviw o ypriosanndcaaoge Obained atIls Phlistt 'sfauc t-tio ries,t7, Nrsew ond-street, ndon at. tAHEE George Hortelon londhayer aundea the ammti3outfr'a,i etaolte ageny anderauction Exicut,aove and p ar.priSoutaptn Unu suaolly ow~oti uritre part byG3lw h propen:C5 ernrty ofn NO. 4. hooucngeoupr t aunnuncehtotha y will SELLnnn I bytAUCTION,conmodrrol. prMay 15 baty1 foren pattheir greeat oos, 28,d uhnery-lane,r aquanity of We isuperior7 FUaRNIUE ixremovted6 aer above:c Lompr2in remp ios oa an oter edsead, cpitl27ea beoddcing, thre ward nmoslyrofa irt-cassdiaraten-Twsomremad ihtroedbyG Hlouasandbelddons tlee day beforescfthe)osale. DesraleLesofteholdIvatneer. John the 3warql fWsmnter 's EL yAc ETI .ate, the Matsret, nerosthor-qarek-By Engan. HE at T hesdy Mar2t,ho aonay June2,'ac12oork1 in two lots, W iltre byoDWErLofNth ExUEcuto andt propretour,sai al,lo.4ad1,Crtntra prodcing£100per nnu-totl£40 pe afrom; isadinetoh casesnannu-toal 270 er nnu : hld a ovefa X40 per annum. hem Marycboe.viwedonappict-Ion;ur-sop. and 4 if -andLI thencornvenien tothM Enants. FIEti Danobehd F 14IcaysFrior atrte Maret;eo by. G r. Coremoiitor. tl , LTpietorn'oSELanLebdy And TIOMr. athee's lease ~ 'ectblo for itnyears ~~ SET-F and SON are instructed by the Ewe-rfl YV cuore f th lat Mr.JohnDrinwate Ce,SELLby AtTION' at he Mst, ear he Bnk o Engand.onie aresday,n May 7th at2 oclok. ltwolot, TO egh-oomd DWotaeLING-it Woonold-oad,Harrw-rod, boutone ile rom adigro-gt radeng Thehoueshav rcenly ee le a entl f £0 er nnm ea ch, upnI yevee 0daspirtIh ae,we atclr a This Day.-No. 46, Mrae-tet ~ed ae-oenFr niue.6etavo Cottage Pianocrtee. aLnd othex Effectg. If.ROBERT REID will SELL,4 on the Premnises, iLLRTHIS DAI' May 14, at 12, FURNITURE, coapridiig, win,. do* &rtalns~ a drawin resin. suite Of couchI andL chairm rogewood to0 and sofa tables, marble-top pier table'and cabineta with plate&glasa back, diing oom ouch~nd hair in aiFeoei,bruslds,ith carpty To-orow atGaraa -S't~ -Smal rehel,inth car ity's LU. o-orow My 1 t 2.inon lt TWO FREEHOL,D LUe ear entofd £20 per annum ershue a evee. r t Tnlrsmayrrbe hay o H. a.Qi n,E d.oictr SH7. Ely-ptilace HobnUorn a bterOas-rtwato x; sdo r oetRed 8 ra toau-old a-d respet. j j Tomorow. t Grnsw at a g aeaa dn,Reet'-ar. viw1 Lpeasehi<1old thvate nt.poul~£0pran 4R. ROBERT RID wifll SELL, at Garraway's, byodroftePovsoa L*gc To-mnorrow. May 15. at 12. OS n HO.Oiial TWOl forASEbaLDc,san COT. 61, Ntace -asden2, RCont'j-arove Vlet tortan oUrd an1eset Abe tean at Ramrento£0peanu, and heldfo12yast . v%iaewred bybpermision on theetennt articulParts may bemaybof H. .f Quickrs Bes aOlndTwOredi. Eoly-lce,tors orn: lypat Galbrrany. and ofw atMrrB bert erdd of.Xrreatbertlhoion h4treet Mrbrug.te. To-morrowr, at Glarraway' -isres ino-the Weorg Wedlla.-Wate- byit o or ERT RI llSLL, at Garawvav's, k erof the Prdisola dgue.To-orow Mecay 15. aTo2 TSOALEAS i;tEHODCW l os an Conpy.ttaie-grove, ds Mabe viewed borzhenuise fteteat.Prina a elno aessrs. Meoss Bandtleede oiios ,Eypae obm:o es at iarawa's hand omug-ar.eocet, 8 ratHrhrug~tes To-morrowr, at Garraway'ash-I,um i heWs Midde M ater- ~,R. ROBERT oRksD will SELL, at Grtrrawray's, iiiT bynordr ow f the .aste- byof ihrderoftell. eg. doeasAx.d.~uea moatw LMAy tiLD h.a 12,S int1ulte s,ahove, ith poriginal£10 aSHalRaSin he Wet 2jdeer Wate;r-wodrksLCmp any,bte dvidenda onawhichlarc puctualy baid in Jues dad and DeEmbr.Prtclads octrsma he, othad nitorebadings,nChanery-an , ColeMts.Aan-stret etd Hart-isoet, Porictm n. Soutrb;ampojt G~reet's. adlf Msbry Obet Greid; w48s, aC. fAr obr ed 8 reat Maarlhoroegh-street.'.- , To-morrw redt Grmwisy'fl Iuelent y of=er~ Wilannm Hya M,R. ROBERT REID will SELL. at G'arrawav'a,% LLTo-morrow. Misy 15. at 12,b orde ofe othePaviwonllA-e igee, aOEmDi LESROLND HONUarsinE,to tluae laseabove witrIopert omon arBnnual . vale 18; aend 28 yesars; g t,8Jhnsroun i 3 ay, beoviewed articularsiv cabinbethadkferssrs. intedwpards anld fdward, semolwicitrs To-morrow, at Garraay'sY -li. J ns-ra h lfxo I -A well -seued. in mprofvedqua GrudRnton3 pran IT&. ROBERT RI ilSL,a arwys PROVEbyodero (tttheI RETaiigoto h eshl rpvyc proiingtosi. lA, tI, aond2Ruhn-te;l.Jo'sra,Htn adetniecbelaersho ntera,held for a8term ofuwhirl: thyore-s wll Stble uneprd Conte2 etme.15,a rudrn ofa12uero 2 annum. and une Cae orthe holse.trls seven days) atb ent Nof.5 eranm athe prpet nowes prosiu aX1 renal pe aoft £12 per -annumn.Tepoet may be viewed by prison ofth tetenant. Particulars maobhf ME.raa' n sofliritobrt 7 SReid. ugrest Mreet.r-ert To-morroDw. atGarraway's.-Abbeyopltc,nS.- JleasehooldReidAc ind eace Hereor-euae.and tabhg inr Afed-mews,v PleaurleeGrounrs. liR. ROBERT RE,ID Lw'Jfil SELL, at Garra'nwy's, TLbyordro-tetaotaeenomrrow, May 11,t1.b rcro b arute of i thre'ae Jot he BrrySIDENCE, a o 0 IEHerefoVI-squre,IEN G siete- uateOl Nrx~to. 2 be-let to mohnsat coneni t entl ofr55 er nnu, and i ig tt helde for 87tyabling,extpIre atewua grounds renteofully perdanut a. three-alld Stableplantd Cocthonsrus, aithwroomstokerd wihetnit to. 11, Alred-mitews, TimmrleeqatePoradss r ccpaion,an andaof threieannuwa reeintloy3.Afedmw let to.G. RoSb-ers,Esq., at £17ut lOs. 2 per ann h arnnu. Eac sAbbe-lae,ihl forc2pyedYarsueporired,f athaegroundiren o resi er noenumi h roetay be viewed by per misson of the mn,Pr teniants mayerthcula mayWbethad tof H.ns Bs., scltora. 72soleman.,27 Ely- lame,sHolbtrnc,Prinnur; at Garraway9s ;aan d of Mr. Rbr ed 3G Roet ed,4. ratMrborough-street . To-nmorrow. at Garraway's.-Parke-pade, SnUt. Jbn'dgeod-A Friee-o hrelold detachd Rensiec, prwuith v2Meryxesv FmumweaureyGrounds, occpyngt ah frc rntage. of 1l0feett itboimmediat Poaeraonnu ]jR. ROBERT REIID -will SELL, at Garrawav"s, 03LT-oro, g 1.n 2 by order of thae Trustee of the late Jb uy mo.row. Maby-p5 at12 mos coneientlo"rane, n aa10EYo highl st-atle ofsbsaniaOl an POPERneTY. rpi:conservatory 2 3.45,doubale7 coachhous agond seitaofing. exer nsiuemeasue gOcupyng tatefuly aid. ut Pinr ilau d Mialks,1planted wit shrubm, and whel prsetocedswithefrit treeis, greenhonuse. No.4 imeialte possesio canshbe bed.l The3 recosidena'-a reenlyltmtouA at tha lw,Krena art o IOfO11 per an nunm. reet Tes frotae retoAbbey-lace Noccui6aedlbyaupotUIon of thg(Eepleasur atl7.tgroundsofesavry esiabloXOersiteufor theeretion ofteo villas. intereiencnt mayX0pram hehvewd y erisimnf tevt-rnntb particularsomaybeehadtof WorthingtonaEsmayehadp, solicitor7, oulemanEstreeiptr 2,Clma-tet, city;:ls of Messars. Bartley, Sioutlnwood, adBrly oiios and Sate,slcios 0 omerset-street, Portman-square;- at GaTrsa';ado ra. wa' n o lr obert Reid, 48. Great Marlborough-street. To-orrw,ht ldraws.-Larng-Ditton contyhtaofgSu AMoieyy o ROBANERT CRENIDNwisEL antutedato'SELLvs moACTO, tGrrow ay1. t12 n or os, ai TIeBAy of highl val 2i uabl otTR EnetFREEHOLD VRPRY opIsing o-;i.D,34,CE ad , sitark-j thde, Knighttsbridge Nito. 2and t ar nlet from ther exiring Saion, 1a70 Smieand ar el half f125 pher aintum butatin_he presetistiaed valuenis £1. pe annm. o. is et o M. Mashalfuti 18or inu considerac- tionrsofnapremIum,rest the lOwne-nnth ofLr £100tper anum: resen esti-C Th preenum peresent. eostima wted aotnnulrnt2dal10.no.7is e iGatenan,pays £105 puerdannum The houses12 may be VRiewebyper MEEeq roin.tr 2 Colemain-stareetiy of Me75 ssrs. Thartey. pertCend, aond lrlsols,cningit on a0 Soerslet-strew aed, o5t7ansqurve at Garriawady's; -h and y of hI. ~er Rgeid., lae GrbedeeateMarloroughystreeeet. i"lTproblehoedsntonf tBittan, couny. o ofi Surr~ ey. nisu lilm ftr.dcae D aNnE whchmay bs constructy iede td SELL bvit fay AUCTON mateo sean-aways.onTesday n ay27 agdepet 12.li one lot 5, THREE45 aneat r hraous n FREEOLD ILf RE bomCar stae iin tharie,Rct Loing Ditiabout asu milte lfetimeO theGlto station. 1and aomieiandsa halffomk-the, Kainguston Stato. lcpeie andofte utonewly42 Land well bele,retintexcelltent condition,aidxlit frce immediateown,f- .nthhey renaplsupided wit goodad lorng watr,an ae el DANtIE statONIa LNgtn will SE hortlb heC TopNed. MabI ee.adlstclrsa t lerlie;as t ara wellyss; atuted imnroeldnn LROUNDitEN; of XMesprs. arnelndi Tanilugeroy Yosl7andme. solctor-s,ree4,New Bthdteet Ocuaity; and ofs Butoeauctiner, 42, Bloorssbuay-sescpquarei.s No Reverienay Ineres in ne-nnth harein thesu of u£a3on f51s. G WnJjR g. DANJeL.- CeaRioN Pelle SE,'r-ol beAtUCetIONMr HIECatrraw Sayhu's te orhngonTedy a 7 t1,a 'WeVeBsdayOAR 21 IatEfrES3 intone-atenoont shreofs£3l73 ( s.le d. prThreel pwer Cent. Conioas, contrnget, on ahc gentlemn nwU agedul gi7n. uvinamrie lAdyi thellGbilteao herae,holialDe lobendefeaednl bythe exceed inglydigs imroabl vent of txcelsdlady, unnowruch idess,f tleaving isni livin Ocuaftern decease, AndhClayabe cosierably teiautreastedb the eventof any one lor orena of seve persons,Li on towasedretispetvetly 8 marred,dyig wthou isue n te lietie o th mi lady thesrticuars ay b ha at arraay's ofMesss. imtokbed chnrbe the retiaCoa du- omp old and long w ter,ms. otbn.Suz PimpirovqeaidGRuieD ReienTeof £2d pemberanm aristingfromy Nor. 7Had , aitete-tre,ithe SaHuooccupaWot]iion,ofuisuro anned3y Mr. 2BRotey a fren of precispery anum a emrvdreto4e anrumHB dito ofinegblePrpertanm,scue sponathe abovepreises, and uonith Sout29h,1 52,n andy 33,L Wiaesd-smYret.hing.thei ocnpton of in.gunlet, ur.ptedv n,Mr Fewsfhttowrandofb Mr. t1. Weey alottan in 29, holenx-stryexetlcornerwfMdlesx-etreiietincte occupatoione ofevMr.o Leach. Mayde thbeviewd(b esaistmsioneo thertena,nts)andn p qarticlrso aacit ors,5 threaboinrplate; ando the aucuptioneef r. 42,Blooibna-msCharie WtHig. cused.A Teta-iseidetRehedec,frgousotluesoth,sent.BytMr A Well bult Freehld Dwellng-douse zold, Bath. theocuptin f is An habes,a eayteant fro guthed 2orh Mars. a thelowrenal o £3. I conainGonthelenmu, inSerantg, hailitchn,cullryan al thosualoutomfce Lonthe. conratitr. twa parlur penng ito oe aothe wit foding dors oxelnth wlsecond tor drawing roomsve wiethoodbe room abgond,fu well sitoched htlin-- hRsd ofr.i Foree,a futhrwaricuar and oconditions of sMr. Joapplyaer tofr bliam- FeaedoTib, sdoicitor,o Wot2e; orh wet,kownMesrs Bies andft Ponatching, aucioners 1, estate agenpts,ondo builers. Worthing.le,a ThearSouthenantfromptId and Broadw atte re near Wr.Thisg is-srex. Mr.ptIdE atr thedng Sea HousoHet pleul; Lort 4 Feolg astonl 28, at 2mos 3 pretcihosel, c d-11 otg, tnigi t w grond a fompowingeligibleoac hroperstLyl, tand garueS ontilnen ton ther SouathrDowns aconl milhes roaut,m Wthine 0ouand c of AU-- ~inguninterrnlediewsotthattboTewraandofithersea.totI.TWestottae, Freeold aD vher exthadcllntainewlybuil reidncei romansom kicenllevatio withlarden andottoeickaod eathegronsde thoo rofcnawing aoom.uartee ofd anoacre ord thereabouts lte fins lor t twoeloccupattecsofver. WTla hlen Hg.rtes upoads. Theot houer istuetscaxedronts wtoh teislouth,i separatd fromgei Sompting-street, byta stablegardend,encloedwih ouise,adesta irona raiings.ardnd,contain oxtnthef nearlyooqur,tdinin and dcrawing rooms kcuaitchen, wah-hose.d aond olaerayatorly.tenanrte froomsOl on thefrtli-ar. atthe lent in_S6 nowiunoccupied,eandewillrb sold Lith6 the severaldo gratesitandcter ofxtises maherein,andting,weell,suitedfo ah situte n te oposte sde f te raderomot andcone tang au quartr ofan ace ortherabout.Esurouned byxcele nothwalsfr frui fro cixto svenfeetout f th grond,Well stocked it wll and rui tres, nd ow n th Ocupaion f M. JinsfBlakear, o Somptng,ayeary tennt nder ver'alareemnt ro Oeld Mihael-eed ros, a th ret o £775.LoS. reeolda vs-yxoflethwel esudTa- vvmc tn memernpart cotahlngf2r. 2tp. is freebold, and the rcmainder, 2r. ISp., copyhold of inheritance, held snider the same title as Lot S. Lot 2. Freehold-Four Cottages adjoining each other. with yrd in froiit, in Sompting, in the respective occupatiors of Mesrs =e. Riddles, Kent, and Jarrad, at rents amnting to £15 a year. In Broadwater.-Lot 8. Freehold-a very exoeUeiit Market Ganlen, surrounded by waUs about seven feet high, in Broadwater-atreet, conmining 3L 21p., in the occupation of the maid John Mlaker. cmder an agreement lor a lease for seven years. from iumps, h18r, ae the rent of £1. The ahove may be vieuedgon application. by permisoion of tihe teounts (with the e eoptio ef Lots land 4, for which cards to viewv must be obtained of Mfr. William Foard Tribe, solicitor. Worthing). Lot9. Five Shares, for £50 each, paid up, in the Worthing G.aslight and Coke Company. For fisrther particulars and condi:ions TofI Sle. P"touMr. Witltan Foard Tribe, solicitor, Worthinz: or in. the dat chg, auctioneerf , estapte yaents, and bin derau Leadenhall.etree Y-Oru e Furniture, Patent Iron Pumps, Three Crab Winches. VlelCanioed Iron Jone ettingr. c.-By Mer. SITORAE.a arntchis Auction Rooms, 28a, Ladenhal-*reet, To-morrovw, May I1th, NItoA capin twaldota.ble-actingPatentPumps,four inch to tro iob.thre crz riebes patnt lv jck,200 yad r oldchs, two icon vases trelis ork ee gacrtden engine. c.<Ths ofioce ana other furniture includes pedestel and other -day dock. bedsteads, fratburb1 and afvaresty of otherofurniture and -effecs May be viewred on Wednesday, uand catalogues had at the To,be Sold, Pursuant to an Order.o theaHigh Courtof Chbncery, mrade in the matter of the Esttce of James reU Yallop. and in a cause .betwveen Frederick James ,°igg and Sarah Packer Wigc. ,plaintifEs. and Peneloe Yallop, defendant, with thapprobation of hdit Honour the Vice-Chancellor Sir John 'Stuart. by Mwes,rs. MIOORE: and -TEMvPLE, on Friday, tht 16th day of May. 18S6S.at 1 o'do6k in the r.fternoon precisely, at the Auction Mrart, Bartholomrw;-lane, in tho mity of e mondon in two lots,. Q!EV1EN Leasehlold Houses, numbered respective'W - 3S.-, 3i.37,3.a;.3. 40, and41. on the south side of Coring-street. llackney. In the counXty of Sl,ddlesex. hell by les..s for ai term of SI years from Midsummter,1843, and four lemcehold houses, lIe. 1,2,1.]| and 4. Garden-place,- Hope-toC.D Hetinau-green. in the said county of Middlesex. and late the property- of James Bell Yalloci. deceased, ;'The Os -. gatis obnapepll-ing^atthPe oficntedeofMesr-nW.SAdsg s,SGa6eOrgestreet, Mlansiois-houe, solicitor; of Messrs. Temple and Windsor, 4, Blomfield-street. Moordelds, city; of Messrs. Moore and Temple, auctioneers, 4, Blomfleld ot, city eand on the Premise. Ctnibeweli.-Lea.sehid Investments. MIJSSRS. PRICKETT and SONS winilSELL b .AUCTIONIat the Marc, on ida~. 34k 1G, at 12, in twolots, tOie desirable long LEASEHOIJ) IN VMM2aENMt. comprisin fu hickbuit dellug-ocea, os.1.2 -3nnd4. Harvey-road.~~ groun rent, May brewewold Byu-issiong ofd tby tirenian,ad ofat- Executrix of Mr. J. H, St-ange, decesasd. MIESRS. PRIOKETT and SONS wvill SELL by iik.-A4ICTION, at the Mart, on Friday. May 1". at 12, in one lot, a desirable PLOT of FREEHOLD) BUILDING LAIND, at West BEam, Esse, psseasig afrotag ofSO eeton e½l-street, sad admirably distric frm Wst 1amChoole attheAecionMar, cty;of C. H. Plrla~, Eq. soicior,44 Licol'sinnlleds;orof esss.Prickeit Coyhold Howaes,-Great SuanmrsMidiffleser. ,I SSM4,. PRICKETT andc'SmOrkS will SEL-L b.y iLAUCTIOI,. at the Mart, on Friday, May176, in one lot. a dosiraibl COPYHOLD ESTATE; compri-ing a. dwellinig-house and thre smal hoses,adjinin ~geber.wItha plot of buildin- arud, estmaedta podcea enalof£5 ls.ge easna. Mlay he viWA-d and prticuars btaind at he Acrccr AxiG, o-at Stan ,more ; tlhe FreeoldIluldin Lad, oundstece. near Farbalsu. Surrey, by direc. tiedof he xectrixof r. . H Strange, ficceased. 1IfSSR. CHET ndSONS ndil SELL by ,LY ACTION, at the -Mart, on Friday, May 16, at 12, in lots,a desirable FRtEEHIOLD ESTAXETE; comoprisiug abont 43 acres of ba-ad, wel adpte fu buldig prpoes,sitateat o-naidstoas. in the parihesof Frehrn ad Fenabso,seveal ou.es having bern vs. emiy eectd i Th im-neist neghburhod.May be viewred, znd paricuarsobaind. n aplcaton o JhnLawrence, Dcundstonp; Desirable Leasehold Investment, otna--or--a and iltzro,. niarliet-By direction of the Excutrix of Mrx. j. H. Stimngsdecacsed No. I26 Tottenham-eourt-rosd ; togetber- with a. brick-built House fin the rear, Ne. 1, Holbrook-court, Fitzroy-miarket, lct~ton lease to desirable tenant,s, aLndprod.ucing arental of £134 peraunui, heldatalow .round rentof;£8 Miay be vewed Iby permission of the tenants, and paticular's obtaLined en the premises;- of C. F. Philps, Req.. solicitor 44, Lineoln's-ian-fielda; at The Maf:rt; and of memsrs. 1'rickett andi Sons. auctioneers and valuers, 34,Snhms-biinsCacey lane,'and Highgale, Middlesex. . otapo-ulig-Cac Finchley, ldiddleeex.-ValuabIe F:reehold Euildimng Land,by -directon of the Executrix of Mar. J. IL Strange, deceased.- MESSRS. PRICKERTT and SONS Will SELL by MLlAUCTION. at the Mart, on Friday, Slay 16, at 12, in one lot, .a. desrieble PLOT of FRIElHOLD 'BUILDING I-AND, k-nown en Bros-newell-field, containing fix. Ir. 22p., situate at Finchley-cssmmon, with double frontages on Broad-lane and Browuas-ell.lane, and njear the high north road: at present occupied by Ma-. Plowmuan us a brick field. May beviewed,.and particulausobt,ined at the Green Man Inn, lFincbey-ommoon: at the Mart; of C. F. Pinlipe Besq-, solicitor. 44, !incolra-,inn-fields ; and of Messrs. Pricheft andl Sons, eauztioneres, &c., 34. Southamrpton-Ibnildings, Chabr coy-lame and Higligate. 11ackney-wieln-Freehold House and Building- Land, by directionof the Executtrixm of lab-. J. H. Strag,deceased. MESSRS. .PRICKET-T nd1 SORS will SELL by r, - - AUCTION, aLt the Mart. -on Friday, 'Jay I5, at 12. in lots, a brik-built F2fEEiiOLD HO-uSE, 7. Tennyson-terraze, togethier with several Plots of Freehold Building Land, having freatages upon Chapmani-road and flower-road, Hackney-wilck, a short distance from the MorethCasie aven, nd eary ajotinethe junction of theNortb H14hbury.-An excellenit Freehold ResidenceadPoso Bui-lding Land bydireetion of the Executrix of Mr II.Strredcas. MESSRS.P2RICKETT and SOSwlSELb AMi TO ON, at the Mart. city, on Friday. May 16. ati.nlts The cd-esirabl e an d substant ial FREEBHO0L-D RIII51TDFM.C E,witt adn beingS, Park-ulace, Highbury, containing every accommoaton o rwspectablefiamily; together with three plots of valiuablo freehold building lend in the rear, having frontages of 50 feet eacb noon College-street. MayV be3 viewed and particulars obtained at the Itie~bbry Bern and Cock- Taverns, Highbury; of C. F. Philips, Beet,, solicitor, 44,-Lincoln's-inn-fields; at the Mart, city; andl of Mewsrs Priekett and Sonsr, aucetionieers and valuers 34, Southaiipton-huildings, Chancery-tans, and Higirgate,1Middlesex. Tottenhans.-Ellible Freehold Building Land, at Pace-green, by direction of the Executrix of M1r. J. H. Strange, deceased. ESSRS. PRICKETT and SONS will SELL by .LTL A'UCTIION, at the 2lIsrt. city, on Friday, May136, at 12. in lots, several PLOTS of eligible FREEHOLD BUILDIINO LAND. possesstssg frontages on ldarkfield-road and Page-green-rosc. Tattenbame, admiirably adapted for the erection of dws-il:iuc-housps of a similar dic Ercnption to those already built upon the adjf.ining plots, being within a abort distance of the Tottesnham Stationt on the Eastern Counties Railway, The Land-tax baa been redeemed, May be viewedl, anid particulars obtainied at the White Hart, Tottenbam; at the Mart, oily; of C. F. Philips, Esqi., solicitor, 44, Lincola's-ien-fields; andi of Messrs. Priekett undL Sons, anotioneers and valuers., Higirgate, and 34, South - sanpotn-buildinMs Chancery-lane. Finchley.-Au eleganit Freehold Rtesidc=e, in the Italian style of architeenctre. with 12a. lr. 3p. of Lanud. the properly of the into Throwver Bockle Herving, Esq- ~J2SSR.S. PRICKETT a-nd SONS have been faLYL veered with instructions in DISPOSE OF the above desirable RtES [DE' OE, by AUCTION, at the Mart, ouWeslnesday, June 4, it 12. This valuable estate. maostdtslrbly situiate at East-end, Finichiey. near n Trnity hurc, intire ount of iddlesex. commandingdelihtfl vewsove Osn-wod,therea ofthe Earl of Mlansfield, and he djaent ounry.The esienc iselegant and substantial, andha fo sverl ear pst ee ocupedby T. B. Herrig. Rsq.. latey deease, ad copriss, n th chaberfloor, six princip,al by 0 ee. - ibar, ndconvenient dometcoic.wl-rand ysr, wth rewhoue,uniform erectionofabigndarie hous,es, pleasure grounds osraoy rpr.kthngres n farm-yard, together wt ne ~ frc edwln,cnan ing t-ogether O ISar. 3p. The estate is freeod xetasalsi of copyhold,-and well deserves attention. paci lrl rmgetee requiring a good country residence near Lnes d-yb iwd by.- tickets only, and detailed particulars,wihpasObindn due thoae onx application toD Meg'vs Woodl and France. soliciters 5, Falconu-street. city -, and to Messrs. P'ick-ets and Sons, auctioneers and land valuers. 34, Soiithampton-buildinige, Chancery-lane, and Higirgte, Middlesex, Fiachley. Mliddlesex.-The execelent wcll-maenauactured mod1een Fur- naiture and Effects, the property of the late Thrower Backle Hierring, R., - ESSRS. PRICKETT andl SONS are instrucetedI by fthe Executors to SELL by AUCTION, en the Premises, at Eas-q, end, irincbley, in t-he month of June. the genuine HOUSEHOLD FUBN7ITURtE, mannfactured by Mfessrs Sleddoni, comprising hanidsome mahogany four-post, Arabiain. find French bedsteads, chests% of draw-ers, Soanish manhogany wardrobes, washestands and dressing tables with mable tops:,toDgetherwith theusual chamber requisites; the dimsiag-rom-furniturseincludles sah6gany extending dining tables,-sideboard, chairs, couches, dunmer waggons, &c.:- drawing roam furniture, consisting ofsteel and or-moalu findesirsad fire-irene~, couches chaics, loa and occasionaltables, fine plate chimiey and pier glasses carpets anjd curtains, ala'baster figures, vasesannd lmetres, a, bandsanmo eight-dtay DchraimingBok;lell-anufReactrurnd ibrrturnitre Clcow,fanning Mibl- Sons autioeer an lad vauer, 3, ~uthrnpon Sailurdang, C6ha Decorative Brute and~inbou-e nt Reisoe untr,Cuks rne,Mrl - Fi gures .and busts,Bioutrie ind Mscellnies propr fro HILP S i iat-ctd o aEL db AnoC-n TION,latthisn,rDatb n Roomis, e Picu-treet, one Spurdy,t ofthr inT..htomeeastD. BroRn atVe ofURwlnI-tret, int ba-ulwe.at es Mwok entriched wth rmnl n S cL yAUTO,ate monins cr oonssin ofw cBinets, etree, libresary, Mandbudoi atbles,ciskets, nktaerITALjardiemiersh. ruch.o-el and brnc PonUze ofk and highdest bas. brone prod marble gfrous Bgrown, aond busts, fomr smetastchina,jiognteiet in sliver giltxSidonam-ltefl, haed ankrs us arogtidvasesnok, en ihdothergvluabl proert Ofretonm Prsay be vetoiewted Frltaidayprecedingand motirnin avof tle,atid M r.aPhiiss, andr cartaloguesohe had,nsa,Ctte T Caitral IaliranrDtc,ad Fok lbemis Onpicurs the Bproperlh Sof byr. sam hoLmasb.e Brown, laotte ofHwa-theet Fugoatzro-Var.ere,ich XrfR. PHI LI begs o- announeriotbda t heri ixstrutedto ELL y ACTIN. a hi gent oom. byew Per.o r.Bon longea knoband for has taLeyadej mnn conr.z Vmexon ithtez uRubars. AogTIre eaing Vekwsihdstinguis ty be vietirnmaed metuioa nedTh Sfnayutpreoefng imeport.ant icatosr by audetenbadl dt' Ferr.a TPhe irinEtho wthtesnfn same dmimbe artst; ortraitea of Te Hurgos.,trVne~t yITubn;StR. Sbsln byO Franca an' NASTeIo havdoter beeafapois, by"Ja StenstBagpiper,oEL by D.UTeIiersatIterior,b We. OtiadMar Londonap and Figure, bly Worrvte12-for 1 two powrtritslo C,ttonoto Isfredi and hisf twoife,b rofntieoaptogeTherwithkeotherd P. tutalyeroestedRebricandt pla Vand leydouen wt trouse t Vhelas,qrelgf.i Riameter Tervbnrrg thm Vin~oesiera, Mor ayibe viewed. F'atuah andton da,w y phreoeding Tie sale, tandl ca, fitted Then haJodat Mr.tPhin ipeer;th te.s.f.indaee ore- al trg o WsoI,ll, qussrtWarse, o Ietsi. aa ro t fiuatorrredsuppio insteructons toiSEL by laUCTIOri , atd thome Aretion Mdart e,nt or. onewF-riatday,My16 atd 12 tfor s,thelng powerrd iwa statons o Herford nd Wae.ITebpopcert comes Apriss eubstntlaly-ereed risk nd plin tied,mll-hoSre. with tw uWater fitd S JrS a wiCKThi aiernda NtShe o have1 t.i reciaveer diingsthreecpions rof gris atonres,wthr taole SEL , in gAdCIX aoti order Saendstoragefo 1,0n0 quarters of ornl. ItY is capabe forom inthe situatioon,aaspl !wtr fdi aaFEEOlargLU -HUe gristut and thoec ighandolent shred, britk and mantingd abrew aubidndgwoo youses, an WhrfsI erectedelliegyhoudeforcing-house palanted w-ithchoicea vines.enro ger. Tn otal i el2roomg.Particuars, with' conditonseo stable, mayche a Ware andof te autioners,at Rylo an ofitehpin. nqares Ware,e lahers. rt M ESR. OC ETTan N SHhav rceve inairdtorrafro theProrietr' oValLbAUT N,t Foxten, Carebs. M lESSRS. COOKETT and NASH beg to anniotince that they arc favouaredwith instructions finnmthe Devi,-.es under the witlofWnm-Hurrell, Esq., deceased, to SELLhyAUCT.I0N, in lotz, early in JIsee (sinless an acceptable offer be pre-dously made for tire whole, of which dcre notice will be given), the substantial FAMYILY RESIDENCE, known as roxton House, with it, ornamentally lweeded grounds, three excellent malting offices, falrmho-use, two farm honmestalls, anid 4600acres of productive light turailp anid crnrt land, insa hi-'h statec of cultivation. Also the Rectorial Tithe Rent-charg of tire parish of Foxton, commuted at £538 los, pci annum, with SO acre of arable and pastutra land, hlasd on lease fromms that Dean and Chapter of Ely. Psartrculars, wiath conditions of -sae and plans of the estate, are preparing, and may shortly be had of Moesrs Thurnill and Nash, solicitors. Royston: and of the auctioneers at iRoyston and H:tsh'n. No, 22 Amnwell-streeet, Claremont-square. Pentonville.-Capisai Modern Furniture and Effect,. '.I,ESSRS. OXENHATIM and SONS will SELL by kVL AUTCTIO N'. on the Premises To-moorrow. JMay 15, at 12 o'clcrck, the apial mdemFURNTUR5 copriingrorewood and malho-arry chars,sofs, ndeas chirs cimny gasss,carpets and rugs. cur-_ lag, wth xcelet bddig cmpete maogay nd japauned war~: robe, dawer, wshitnds dresin tabes,glasses, Ass, cbhina arrd glat, ometi reuiste, ad efets,MaybeviesedonWednesday Freehold Land,conferringVotesforthe Counties of -Middlas-ex, Surrey, aund Kent.-Tabs sold in Plots. ~4.TINDlALL will SELL by AUCTION, at the ,iJMar.t. THIS DAY. May 14, atl precisely,. PORtTIO NS of theseo valuable ESTATES purchased by the Conservative, National, and Free Trade Land Societies, and knowvn as the St. 31argaret!s Estate. Tasickenhaim, with its pleasure grounds of 13 acres, ornamental waters, and terrace walks onthe banks of theThaines; Brockicy-hil Estate. Foresthill, within two uriles of the Crysal Palace and a quarter of en lreir'a ride of London ; Itoru,ey-cise Estate, Hiornsey,wit'hin an easy distannoe of the city and west end, Portlona of th(ere estates are alrasaly built upon. and offer ani opxpacnnity seldom suct -Ills for the er-etien of first-class villa residenc,ea,OlaFondEstate ho*w. ThLoportionofrthe estate only hasthe privilege of beingzonver4ed into shops. Alert that valuable pdot on the: Camberwell Es-tate, especially act apart for the erecton o apulic-onse.Partculas bma b- hd of Messrs. Harrisn ad ewi, oliitrs,14 Ne lenvlicosrrt: at the Red Cap, isDGY.-GeSda.- uaLte SuRarZst,3tt,Ina i in o f eniti. Yation. j4FRIEDWIN FOX is directed to SELJL 'by AUG. I3WlN. at the Mart, THIS DAY, ay 14, at 12, the 1%IVElt WlaluOISB ESTATE, Situate in St. Patrerl',in the Islar.a Ol Menas1a cotitg 451 acres of Very fertile Jand,adaptecd foy cae or otrer culti. Tat ion, aad at Preseat Sin excellent e-ulture, but stal cap,awe fonidc-r. 2;te txte"21011 with 211 eeseary out-buildings in IoAd "Yee1. corn' Pnisuag an sexselent vaternill ballig and -corny beause-. Siqas loft and Tam -.n re; , a pacOus megm boutse, large cAstle :`n, au" all ne._ ~~~ ~~and xpanrternances excellenat itdeofr lu"us.er- and an overseer's hruse, Particular a - oindo ofMesr.I n .H Lwin. solicitorS, '1 Uuthara ptonie~8rnd: ofPlsea acikenzis and Itaillie, Ai's Hill-streel, Df6onlagh- ThiS Dr.-lluhey Eeie. 10minute' al from the _Ilirhey Stat:ion tli. ED INart,sl SL byA1UOTION. at gagee, a compacty 1, at12 . b) rerre-of the l,1crtcock, and four smal teIaet adonn Cdatgera~ylle. opad. situate near the towOfBahyankon ,dasM tagaeon,l WaterfF. lane The residence cotis 9ros,wt sebg b-oarn, wte is fit for imimediat ossin edo leselifor tam.'-car, atrde sered rental. May beeiesed,aOdrar1cuar had el i tw a rle.a EsQ., solicitor, 13, Befr-o;ada r di IoL' ofics 1N i Coleman-street., BankG'sMe l 'Thin DlaY.-Islington, Middleex-toang Tea&ebo!d oae i-V'R. EDWVIN rFOX aiII SELL by AUCTION, at j&VJL the Mart,THIS DAY, May14, atl2,' iatw Le, by oerot thie Mcc-tgaree unacer a power of sale, capital MMPEODUIrHO- FERTY, comnprisingfirae excellent brick-built dwelling-Lounrisjaitinte and being- Noe. 26, 27, 28. and 29. St. PaulTh-$sce,. neas -L Vnnil's Church, Ball's-pond, lhltogton, in thle occupation of rimDectatles tenats. t rnts moutingto 195 er unnu held *orm anrex. ireters o 70yeas. t te lw goun ret of each bhoos-a. Also ~los,. 9.and 0. S. Pal's-tn-ac, Hal's-ond,iringlois1, lt as rents amoutin to£11 pe annm, nd eldforan unexpvfid term of tO9 4R. EDIVI{OXl SL by A.UUION, at iLL the Mart. THI DA,My 24 t, the AHtSOLUTP, HE1l.9b,SIOt( to on e-foyhprto EII 1n i.I08 l7s.3d., Nei-Threa per Cente., standing intenmro iby4 Pesetabe itatter, and. payable on the deouso aetcna.gdfyosyr, Piin4d l arti. culars and con-litia of saemyh andOn app11icatin lo Ply. Price, soli,itor, Banfod Msr.. dlig,DaubceeSp. anetClnhub. slctr.Cirencestr;o esc.Tneradlresliir,1Jo. street Bcdford-rcw;an t. dsn''sofcs1,Cla-eet Bank. - ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ O ED FOX sdrce t0 SELL by A-UG. ILP JO t th eMae. onW ayx May 21, at 12. ItTWlots TWOeASE nent SHORSS,it one lun-nhues aangeolusy,tat Mos. houe-eeer ad thrs R.I . EDWINFOX is dinsructed to ~EL by AUC- ayluON-. at tbe.Nart. on, Wednesday nexft,May 21, at 17 iufouIts TWr excei n HOUSES, withtadtallybilt.hande atvatached,neiyntRe tnd, Oxford- t eonrdrace. Mnchester-roa, -ad 3irUple Norpthed-fel,arode house In tg 6rofel's.tfr whetrae Emexcelidlentoenxng aroduingrcenteds letnoducting ao grs3rnalo £4 per anacin. an edfrln ems lae kirwediand rentsionlarybad o ewedsaydpandticlgrs,asoflcisrs.. -, yflaikleetury;, atdthe Mart; oandes at1Mr Coedwin-Fxste, ofafice 1 oea-tta llrao-h.T, muleCpit-alwstseaaehlu anof twecL OleIC ~,R. EDWIAN FiOX is directedl to S3ELL by AUC- iLLTIO.N. at the Mart, on, Wodnes;day next, May 21. at 1. as Itsmall LE-&SEOLD FRimproTin loalit.-bing Fc-Vs.OS roi rt rens cPky e v.iewed atedInvetment.r bearlfMessJy 4;u1~ andehoa~ci '4i. EDWIN FOX wisdretdo SELL by AUC-IXa h HILLTO.tteMart. on Wedneday nex 2" t. May TW. auperki 9aosmall LEASEOLD POPERT. comrisin eon, hereste in vry -with I, Goreae-rroad I, illstret, ad l nd 2, art-cur-abee poiSeenfordstret, alwoth,let t rets manaingTo £lipe annumfy : held for log tnn t mderae goen rets.Mayldieo aiwd osiir par- at he art o th prmiss;andat dr.Edin Edwin2&s 41, Cack dey-toirsl-rteInvbeLtents nealy Liestm ufent, IjREDWIN FOX wisUietc oSELL byAUTOa AUGe ALkTiar, t. tWedne. - Tusday nx, Lt at 125,atWO2 i suelis 9FRooe TR excIlenC ES, ofneat anduiordlvanation,l erecated rlds foryirub sontc-ial ocnnf andlisesloated i Camn-improing aend faourable 7 postion,. duela reattsamantin to £0 perannums,el fret amlaogslsn.3t direc fro thefreeolde, ata pepercrnMabenvta.q~rn Mab offices, 41, Cedeman-str1eet, BankC.ATenr Camndn-tow.-Eiiihleegsnhld Ineatm n,.- nla ~%R. EDWIN FOX is dir-ected b th eLLortg AeCt- SEL IOX, at theUlCTIO,a eMr. on Thursdy un ,aty12 Inm Itat, F 2U a-er exc,lleat RE9SIDENCES. adreany octged.s sitra2, and foremirne one sideofboeste-r-a,Squ are, Camdn-ota. beningtNon. hE, 6, andr8, itori7 -ema-teangeopidlvrespectabler teantsm, alldrnts aanrustine o- v.iaewed,npandy.paatibelnasneaand onrtheuprmss: at liMa-t Jfllt Resa-!,. EPy.sonCulingto, and Hopre,rolior-s. 3,ure utrtderik-lae, Old JEwt ; - r.Edwin Fox's offices, 41. Coleman-street. Hassl. lnSintm-ULeaseholds House,yfor ocupton. indeaes sen W.R G AID .1vl SELL by AUCTIO,atteMr.0'hrsa Jn5. at12 lo,roGroel-roawaYSt. on ryTuesdty, Kensingt 1 onl hedld f sr ter of 7 ears. a af herlgoand eTNtnof y8reperdnnmndrBead thee mvimeiliae ocupacy. ay e viwed andparicmuas ad o beohn Z.-.r Ja't Edwin Fox's offices, 41. Coleman-street. Bank. ur, 41 t?Lr j~pW.E. GLASER wis isELLctby AIJGBELL b way UCI1's, on Gaesday,a mTu dv May20 t1 o Z4, in siv oin byj direcion o she ortggee, EN nelyerctdcbUed tliAee Rh-alS - ross,Peatnville-hil; at Garaway's; ad of theasiti ;,4, 'nrTwo ezibryndesrabeVllCambesidence, n lugrc RyelaeFeAd-s-n ~RW. R.GLASIE1 is instructedl to SELL b,y LAP AUCTION, at Garraway's. on Tuesday, -lay Fob an t2wor1 ri`, TWO ery esirble EASEOLD emi-detached VII A RESt DENCE,stading n thir ow groud b,indga-epand witr evry corsentnce suiabl forimmdiat onpalon eld fen longe atem ath a tow roud rnt.Maybe iewe, ad iartculrsbd.i oefec. co Dnniy,i ~p WILIA .HR GLASIER isinttcedteSL -Al"prson proate forrtat's vronsTe)dy May BELL byl AUor0,n tworlois. tWo ean desrabl te Wa wel-ourt ofChncl-eryc,e COTTAE cvgrove,use Softha Atoin-treT. Mabrwel on let uon leas ath the kw rent or l pe ana1 elnum, andth othennainhand, iaeaperetobdatio.n.o Clement'hann,lo Strand;n Stuatthe Roemrylgertowch. Southrnton-th,,e s, clambesrwell attGarredatar';andat Coteheoffie, of th3e-aucioeer, 1r.L1,. Newlperston. agonted fo thatd19 isrposelwillow Sand- ApieCr-iun, iuadonigt t e-sOre ofhu mdtvr,l.n the ihCuto hnery sburde Inse Unity-causes,o 'Athterne.on v akr""tisn-ther .Apecogoniutberasy-r houenea, andV"re=n, oss. 3,Bhrtrenna,"wt We-thectapprobatYith,f sicop,hNo.lo Sichr Jonstuert. ll.h Jiudte at Wolwhoe"ur theA 2soNo.i causes ace 7 Kittachedt. Satiaccaw'sgaoieleeStoGee,ohage&i-alle, Cort;til osa Tuescday,m then2th of X per56 atn 12 forisin fo'oc in oSltts, ti. esh ld-o. 2, Plesctora-plac-e, adNHe lnseand, Cent; on-testare, =New alto1n.Kent ltos. 18 anod 19, Trospect-rowdng, andear tecegra Wadjoimag. Themurebliolse an taverise knflowing-No.he1d4nhulaCactie' house and hremses, aotI Shoeyrt-sreet. Co.eman-s iltreet; huse at ish ii,II,and7, ingstret,Saupeo'e-srdas,St.GMr.eTa-nait, ir-eastr,, leaseold roun ren of £ perannu, arsoiing orom e1Is- Clfrn? leasebod lours, oe.17 ad 1. Tylo's-uiling, near te rselae a row;twohoues at opeyar Rals.No.14e Migh-rcee Raend ind tiuer auLind odtosoeslra.ebd fIece . mt,Sea nine, and Mre! t~ uiios,3 aighalreet;M. aact rictr 2,sond-ciourt, rool;wirh .lohbu Pestier Csolictr 1 llod Gran; Msmee Bowe. Son and Cottn soliiosw 8 hneyae ad Slons, stoucl sicitor,s .Clmnstet ecs.Iam n Brde.s Lcor,eHs-ourtnv-builingns.STemplae; t ln-aa';ad. thWactoneR.41 ASEP Ch is- s; ofM.avofred Rhodts rinsrtoac.c-li-g - Aicor.nndMr thodie?rtPaorker soflicitolatreeaIV. o.fal Mr-.,t CoLTuu, sot.icieor.lloowinga a eliibeI aEdibrghD Castl, nTY-ya_ce;Jat tl-e sureent tan Inn.lding knamm andth atLwsamofMts. Parcakre hrb,taeri atiDir.W.Rapta oelaSIge sle fhavboured""ithionedrprtion:s to frvtm the donviniiatores of esscato PVatH thell co ie-i.,0r, liuEt. plot.theIb iltwineseligib - whleE EOL PROPERTY.g renlayrrne ofX0lr annm,~ held by leapscs ifor long terms. May boe viewed by perunt-s~ina, of thetenanit' and p-articulars had of Ii! essrs. Woolt a' d )rearee, soicitors, S. Falcon-street. Alder.--gaste; o-f Mlessrs. Ashulrst, Sen. naml lIon-is, solicitoirs, 6, Old Jewrsy; at Via-rasany's ; cod of the auctioneer, 411. Cularing-cross. Temple Place-Estat, 6thread, Kent. ]IR. ROBERT XIDWELL Ii.s be en instrtitefcl to BsIELL bypmablic AUCTION, at'the Angel Inn, Strcoxl on Tiresda.y. Plamy 20,i at 5 for 6 in the evening, the aLbove -ralual-le FREEHOLD ESTATE. in 20 loin, and also a Lease-hokl dEsate na litrecid anforefaid, in one lot. Particulars acid conitafions of Sale to lbe had Of tiesauctiosneer. 3 . Bigh-gtreer, Rlchiester ; at the Newliin, Maidsteone; thc in-4MacOf Orasnge Ion, Gravesenad; tL-oplace of sale ; andtS Xr. Winkiamn. soicitor. Strood. l?r,,chav. Glocest-crahirc.-Capital Freehioldl Residence and Lead. lvESSflS. FARGUS will suibmit to Public CU,M-- IiPETITION. at the CoTnmercial Rooms, Cern-strett, P;tl sou.etimnreinJTuneaext, linle,-sdislswed of in tbencealtimetyrnivaiecontrac~t) allthatteapitai rHEEuoi.D,DPiAsioN,withblawn, garde-Ls. hot and greenhouses, beautiful l,leaanre groundls, studded wilt,L orna- - myental timber, anderindry pilcen of choice asses Valuable Panture-ndarmb-le land, containing altbogethe- abyout 38 ianres pleasantly sitiiate ili tbe geLte-l and rural villago ado Frenchay. in the rarish of W4inri.y bomme, in the county of Glocestpr. about four miles from Bristol. ferr Sonic years past in the occupation of the Ilae proprietor. Charles (ire)' Hasfor, Bg. deeasd.Dectnchedareesplt.Istablingfora3inehc~sn 1two coachl-houses, and Faddle-rsatan. -ith las-e lofts over. wash-beor-. brEwhousa. dar, andry, and other Ouithuildings. The DEul:e o-f l3caufort's honsmetdsngtesason withines letcs TheD -os n adn myevee n day, between the r boI n C 12 n tainedlof Messrs. Far-gus, at their offces. 4. C.lare-etreet. BristoL1 Batta-ImPortant Sale of Freehold Ground Rents, Reversons In Fee ariLh lan-roved Rents and apipor-tioned parts of Groyund Rent, Rer-erMone in, Fee with apiaortioned pgas-tef Ground Heats. Rtevereeors, inFfeewith Ground Rents, Grounn Ren.ts farlangtermaef3ear%with, the Revrersion in Fee expectant on those ri-rns of ytars, aundMIercr- MESSES. BIARTRUM% ha,ve the honour to aunndirco- aALthat they have bceenL favoured with Irnstructions to FElLt by AUCTION, at their Rooms, IS. MdilsIunetr-eet. Beth, oii Thuirsda,, Play 22, and two following days, atlI for 2 o'slockin the Pfternoen, In lot-, to-suitthe conveniencecf thecindividual ownersof the severalI pea-ties and small apitalists, wrell-secured and Tabrable FREE-HGlyy; GROUN-D RENTS, Issuing out of masnuaiaes amid premnister situate in the Roa-rscn,lrock-street, Circus, Gay-street, Queca's-paradle, Rivems-streect, Gibbe'-court, Cornwril-terrace Chvthain-row. WjyActcparadle, Margaret's-hill', Uprer and Lower Camnden-place, 1Ccntiat-ton_ heewcry,St James's-prade, l'eer-ints-etaCrns-str sions in Fee, with imnproved rents and apportioned'paria of greoad n-,,tof je3surngE s and premises, situate In St. .iam es'-square Mzr?bq6ran~ Iis,treet. Park-street, St. James's-s,treet, aknd St. .lamcs's-p'ace. an thir r,es,ish of Walot, afeoresaid: also, the Re-sersisun! in Fee, with aportioned pe.rlsofgrounds-eat of mneawuageszndl prexaoissituate in Rivlerast-reet and G',oeester-street, in the parish of Wa&ltit aforesaId; alo the Itevenons an FPee,witis ground rents, oflnumeuaces ansdprcinisestitiuate, in Old King-street. Bairton-bmildings, Somerset-buildings. Uiver andi Lower Somerst-courts, Oxford-row, Chaetham-row, _foomogt.L-p,eo Little Stanhop-trt-street stee.Uller Bristol-road, (5 inrotal-lo. place, Amnery-lane, ti,, in the parishes of Walcoxt anad St. James sins-csaid ; also, the well-as-ured Ground Rents, for long terms of years, -wills the reversion in fee expiectant nas those terms of years of ineasasaes and premi&se. smnatec in Sauthgate-street, Chin-street, SIomersetsltreet, Araca-lane, the Ambury, HNew Qlaay. ZAc, in the paris-h of St. -JameszaIoreSaid; -abie, the Reversions In Fee, wAithout -nay grcunni TcaSe whiale is reversiont, of me&sasuges And premM!se situate in St. Jafnc-e-squac,r- mPtnrorough.sta--t, Parvi--sreet. PaSilc,Great P-1'-cf1s,l-trett, St. Jzmee's-treet. Harley-street, P..rtLasd Ch-a-Ey antof rut-dry I-sEes- of r;dusabic building grourad I, aLas Parish ofrV oAv'tt aror-esai.tL rianted r-rti:ulara and conditions or eale are in course of Pre~artir ar wil h redy or eliersonthe 6th of Playext, 051 surtfte-whth ay heymayhe btanedof MessIs. Y5.lkner and BaRns-. he endo's oilctocs 6 ad 7 Mles'-ulig,Bt;o Meter Baren. Frd. orsg~ume,and irem5l sg iiOs,G-Is
