DEATHS. On the 15th May lazt, in tho city of Mexico, Juan Garcia del Ric, Req., aincerely lamented by an only son and many attached friends. On the 16th May, at Grahbm's Town, Cape of Good Hope, the night Rev. John Armstrong, D.D., BiBhop of Graham'B Town. On the Sth inst., at Deddington, Oxon, Anne Reeves. widow of the late Rev. Hnigh WVhite THall, agedL 51 years. On the 16th inst., at 2rankfert. alter a very few days'llfness, in his 16th year, Malet 8uljames. second Son or the late Nugent Kirkland, Esq., of the Bombay Civ lersire. On the 2Gth inst.. at Lrcas-street. Commereial-road, London, lr. Richard Chapman Mayers, many yems 10ndon agent for the firm of Messes Blaikfe. Brothers, of Aberdeen, mnch and justly regretted by a wide cirde of friends and ecquaintancee. On the 22d inst,, aged 34, George Bryson Clarhe, Esq., ot1.tonton House, Greenheys, near Manchester. On Wednesday, the 23d inst.. aged 51., at Oxford, Catherine Rether, wife of James Torry Heste, surgeon. On Wednesday, the 23d lnt., at Lythwood Hall, Salop, Maria leyland, the wffe of the Rev. R. Hernby, and youngest daughter of the late Sir Wm, Meldeen. Bart., of Feniscowles, Lancashire, awed 45. On Thursday, the 24th inst., at No. 2. Lansdown-crescent, Chelten. ham, Harriet Sarah, eldest daeughter of Major-General Clars Kennedy, C.B. and 3E. On the 24th inst.. after a long snd painful ilness, in her 19th year, Francisca Theresa, Eeconid daughter of Johnl . and Athanasia Bacon, of l>,ilston-ris-e. On the 25th iest., after a long illness, at 8, Coborn-etree-, Bow, Capt. Maloolm ?'Int5re, one of the sUrveyOrs to Lloyd's, aged 4L lis end wan mes. On the 25th inst, aCged 58, Elirabeth, wife of hr. Joseph Hadland, of Cheapeide and CtapbaianparLc On the 25th inst., at 23. Bedford-row, tfter a very ahort illnes3, WU. 1iam Grane, Esq., deeply beloved and lainented. On the 25th inst.. at Seymour-place, West Brompte3, George Howarae Eeq., in his 58th year.
PRUIAMRNTA-RY tN'TBLLr7U.fCE.' :'- BOUSE OF D, -S D J-y 6 LORflS~~SATURAY)Jiy 6, T!e)le biL CluxCETL took-- hi's thetirolc sk'' a quarter past 12 ocloek. ' AUSTTHE R1TAMA4& NAM SERVICE. ' I The Earl-of HARDWICKE, . adverting otheoontmi lately'entered-into bY tlha Governmens for the -cowrveyanceoof the aiinilsto.Australi 'complaine. thaf its terms *verze such as could mot possibly be performed.n He undersoo that th c(ntractrwas, that the-outward passage soquld-be Inmade6n 3idays,-and- the hoinepTssrgeinz l6 days; To: effect this the average speed of the vessels.: employed, must be '10. or U knots per horj, but, aecording'te'tl& statement of the company who'h&taiken the eontract,'the' average speed of their vessels did-mot exceed 9X knots an: honr.a ,A. contract might have been niide -for. vessels of 'a- b-iter description, - asnd, he understoMO, 'at a ch,eir rate and this, te say the 1eh G of it, eat 'some susplcion. of the mode in *hich these contractsw ere made. True it, was tbat thersm .wis- penalty oEe1(£l, -infdicd for evezy'day the vessels Were behind tiine; but the conX tracto,i had taken care to make 'such a good bargain that' they could well afford to pay that penialty ont of the superabumndace oF profits. -!Ie also coniplained thit-the contract had been made for too long a period; and that it' iould cone'equently'cost the country alarge unm of'nnoneyto breakits 'Lord STAXIEY of ALDERLEY saidi le: believed tho peenalties inserted in the coxitraictwere such as to iusureits 1 performarice. There was a power also in the contract by which it could be br6ken ait ay tiue if not performed is' thesmnst Eatisfactory manner. The run of' 3o' dais rras to Suez cnly,. and, seeing that a sailing vessel had hately made the home passage in 59 days, there WaS every expectatibn that with the aid of steam the whole psassaze, including. the ru from Alexandria, might be made sn 50days. The Comnmons' amendments to t.he Stoke Poges Hiospih-I and the Evidence in Foreign Suitsills wereagreed to.' THE BISHOPS OF LONXDON AND DURHTA RETIREMENT BILL. On the motion that the Commons' amendmeut to this. bill be agreed to, lord REDESDALE said, his objections to the bill were not removed by the amendment which had been inserted in the preamble by the other House. He was still of opinion that the resignation of the bishops was a resigna. ton for a consideration, and as such was illegal. Viscount DUNGANNON looked upon the bil as most pernicious and dangerous tc the interests of the church. ' The Earl of HA.RROWBY defended the bilL which, he eaid, -was most wholesome, aind would be of the greatest advantage to the church and to the dioceses affected. He looked back- with the utmost satisfaction to the share which be had had in passing this bill. After a few words from lord DEmN-SN' and the Duke of BUCCLEUCH in condemnation of the bill, The Commons' amerdnient was agreed to. The Commons' amendments to the Hay and Straw:Bill were agreed to. The Commons' amendments to the Lords' amendments to the Metropolis Local Management Bill were agreed to. The Consolidation Fund (Appropriation) Bill was read a: third time and passed. The Commons' amendments- to the Vice-President of the Committee of Council on Education Bill were agreed to. The Hospitals (Dublin) Bill was reai a third time. The report of the committee on the office of Clerk of Parliament and office of the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod was considered and agreed to. TEfI PEERAGE. Lord REDESDALE, adverting to a statement which had been made in one of the papers of that morning, that a right hon. gentleman w;as to he raised to the peerage by the title of Lord KRingston, complained generally of the practice wshich, he said, had been growing up of b.te years of conferring titles UpOn individual1s raised to the peerage whiich were already held by members of their lordships' House. The LORD CHANCELLOR said that the noble lord's remark was in this instance founded on a mistake. Lord KCingstonwasnotthetitle whichwasto be borne bythe gentlemanalluded to. Withregardtotbegeneral question, the noble lord must remember that titles were distinguished from each other by being described of such and such a place. For instance-the noble and learned lord on the cross bench bore the title of Lord Wenslevdale of Wensleydale, and 'also of Lord Wensleydale of Walton. The Presideut of the Board of Trade was Lord Stanley of Alderley; and these were numberless similar instances in the peerage. LEASES AND SALES OF SETTLED ESTATES BILL. On this bill being returned from the other House, The LORD CHANCELLOR moved that their lordships do not insist upon disagreeing from the Commons' amendments. Lord REDESDALE opposed the motion. After a short discussion, a division was called, but al. timately the motion was agreed to without a division. Their lordships then adjourned at half-past 1 o'cleck.
HOUSE OF CO2IONS, SATuun&Y, Jv!.y 26. The House met at 12 o'clock. Mr. H. GORE LANGTON presented a petition from the inhabitants of Bristol, praying for the abrogation of that part of the treaty of Pans relating to maritime law. Brydges Estates Bill was read a third time and passed. LEASES AND SALES OF SETTLED ESTATES BIL-L Iord R. GROSVENOR1 moved that the Honse should insist upon the amendments which had been made in this bill. There weere only two; and of these the other House of Parliament had accepted one, and rejected the other, to which this House attached the greatest importance. That rejection was not carried by a majority, but was the result of the equality of the numbers for and against it; and he thought that under such circumstances it was unreasonable to ask this Hlouse to give up its opinion. The motion was agreed to without a division, and a committee was appointed to draw up a report of the reasons for which the House insisted upon its amendmnents. THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH OF SCOTLAND. MIr. GLADSTONE rose, pursuant to notice, to call the attention of the House to the recent announcement, by Her Majesty's Government, of their intention to discontinue an allowance heretofore made to the bishops of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland, and to the legal disabilities, not applicable to the ministers of any other religious denomination in this country, to which the said bishops and their clergy -were subjected in common with the episcopal clergy of the United States of America; and to move for copies or extracts of any correspondence relating to the subject. At that period of the session he would not enter into any detailed discussion upon this subject, but he was desirous briefly to make known to the House a very extraordinary state of facts, whicb, in his opinion, obviously called for the intervention of the Legislature. The case of the Scotch Episconal Church was rather a peculiar one. It vas, in the three kingdoms, the only wreck of what was om4 a national establishment, which practised and adhered to the reformed religion. On account of its political connexion with the foztunes of the Stuarts it was during the last century subjected to the operation of proscriptive laws, more severe and more effective than any other laws of a similar character which were at that time in operation. The peculiarity of those laws was, that they did not touch the laity of the communion, but struck at once at its organized body of officers, and were directed positively and absolutely against their officiating to anything which cculd be called a congregation. Their doing so was prohibited under penalties, beginning with fine and imprisonment, and ending with transportation. Towards the close of the last century, and shortly before the beginning of the revolutionary war, Mr. Pitt introduced into Parliament a measure for the repeal of these laws. Lord Thurlow, who was the Lord Chancellor, had never heard of Scottish bishops, he regarded them as specimens of a bygone race which nad been disinterred rom beneath the soil, and was very apprehensive of the conseguences of reviving this antiquated species, and calling it bac to the world of animated life. He therefore procured the insertion in this act of Parliament of a clause which provided that, although these person might exercise their offices according totheir consciences inficotland under nocircumstances should they officiate in England. Thislegislation was of the reost absurd character, because Ireland wus not included, and might, if there had been any disposition to occupy it, have been overrun vith Scottish bishops and clergy. Since that time the Sovereigns of the House of Hanover had felt that these bishops of the episcopal communion in Scotland, representing something of an historical religion, and being freed from all imputation of disloyalty, were entitled to certain marks of Royal consideration. These had been bestowed upon them at various times and by various Sovereigns, particularly by George IV., who, when he visited Scotland, about the year 1822 gave them a sub. stantial mark of his favour in the shape of a small Treasury grant, the amount of which was at first 12001. every two year-, but which was afterwards converted into an annual grant of 600b. His (Mr. Gladstone's) hon. friend the Secretary of the Treasury (Mr. Wilson) recently stated that it had been determined to withdraw this grant, which had never been placed upon the estimates, but had for something lik-e 30 years been paid out of the vote for civil contingencies, as a part of which it had annually been brought under discussion, and to which opposition had been raised by some hon. members on the jrgound that it was of the nature of a State preference of a particular denomination. He did not pretend to say that it would be expedient to give a permanent character to this grant. His only complaint was, that it ought not to have been suddenly withdrawzn, but ought, according to the precedent set by Lord Derby when S:ecretary of State runder Lord Grey's Administration, in the ease of the North American provinces, to have been continued for the lives of the persons who had received it. Their incomes were exceedingly narrow, and the House ought not to disappoint individual expectations reasonably entertained, or to depart from its ordinary liberal rules in the casa of any particular class. He therefore did not precludehimself from raising, on some future occasion, the question, whether it would not be consistent with the rulesa nd practice of that House to continue this Esmallallowance for the lives of those persons who had been in the actual receipt of it. That, however, was a minor question. To the withdrawal of the grant in principle he made no objection; indeed, at the time that he was Chancellor of the Exchequer, he stated, in reply .o an application that measures m'iit be taken to make this grant permanent, that he could give no encouragement to any such steps. What he now wanted to bring under the consideration of the Government and oif the. House was the .extraordinary burden of disability under which thas bishops And clergy of the Scottish epinaopal. communion now habouxed. There were at this moment on our Statute-book prosciptive laws against tho holding of cures of soul 'or tenefices in England agist twvo limited bodies of Mnns OnWy. Itia Jiht be expected that the subjects of these prohibition; were iorsonites or professors of some bideousan'dunheard of form of seigion; but su was notthecske Th;yswere, Ori the 'contrary, tSe members of-the two religiou s comrnnnion. F*ith whiichon qu.estiensof doctrine and discipine 'the church iof Englandatoodin tiemestimmediat relation of sgxeement! Thay - 'were * the Protestant episcopal communit4ies - of ,S9,ilnd, end o,f the TJJai1d. g3tate,s .'hich. sprpng -f~ro m se loina^%f t 6% "rcb oKf Tnglani reslpcively in- te a7lT an-lSth-cent L '-Tesiniaiters-of -ny other inigb4i~by'filifigE the; proper legal conditions,-.quifj thembelves for :the- miniitry of t'h church of -Eglssd! Any-sesir @-'tbe. House- of -Commons inightot ailfy himself, be -ordaincd, and bcome a minister of that church.' Any YRomabCatholie pieit wa, by his Qders, qualifiecl topresent himnaelf for,-.6din' tion - ypes, thGreek .Oj Bstei--church, -zny, pne!t, ,minite'r, or liy-nulofany Christian denomoisation,wbateyer, any''Mlo6 netan,: any Himdoo, any (Cafre, Anyl Hottentot, p'os3 eomplyinggWthcertiiAn uexfiightbe presentedtoabenefiael' inthe church of England; but,the ihfortunatmniinister of the-episcopal coromurnion In Scotland-ai)d-of the Protetant - epicopeal church, in America 6uldiot, as the aw nbow yt.c y Ally sibty.:1$Gad curei of souls or abenefice in that church. To make the matter still nore ridiculouij, thisdisability vasl founded. on tio'spiritual- incompetency, becaume the-competency of tbesse persons had bee ull -e-_ cognised by-a fecenfact 'of Parhanient, which alI6w the ministers of thesetwo communities to admisiniter in England; 'with the license of a bishop, all the most sacred officesof the. church. They might preach, bapti7e, offer prayers, ceebrate the Eucharist, and, if bishops confirm.and6kdain and -do all other things which were within the episcopal functions; yet we comm,itted the abenirdit;yof saying that, in no -case should theiy hold a cure cf souls. T'his was a state of the law whidli 'req'uirdd ',terafion, -aiud tIle-. 'moment at which the - last .mark of tempnoral COD'sideration for., these persons had been withrawn wa a' most appropriate time for makin- this alteration. ';He -hoped that his right hon. friend the Chancellor oft the E±.xchequer, whom he sa* in his plaze, won dyiehl'to the fait:ass of this claim and .would admit that this was a most invidious proscriPtion, and- one to wbjchian end 'ought to be put." 'e (.r Gladstone) was quite readyto a dmit that it might not be ise simplyto reapeal these lws ,'without making some provisiin to prevent improper persons resorting to Scotland or America-for ordination with a viewtoholding benefices in England. The agreement of these communities with the church of England was a reason why Parliament should take security againstthe abuse of any, facilities for ordination whilch might exist in those countries.' He did not magiine that there woaid be any such facilities, because hbe' believed that with regard to ordination the Scottih bihops were quite as strict as the English ones--indeed stricter than some of the more lenient of the latter prelates. (MIean): Still he admitted that there was a fair ground for making special rules, such as that according to which aelergyman ordained by a bishop of the eoloni;dl church could not hold abenefice inEngland wfithoub the consent of the bishop of the diocess, and aso of the archbishop of the province. The existing prohibitiosi was monstrous, and quite at variance vith the spirit of modern~ I legislation; and he va,s, tbrfoe sanguine that his- right hon friend (the Chancellor of the Ei'chequer) and tbe other mnombers of the Government would7takea view of it similar to his own, and -would speedily introduce into Parliament a bill for its abrogation. (Bear, hear.) The hon. gentleman concluded by moving for papers relating to this subject. Mr. BLACK, though by no means favourable to Parliamentary grants for religious purposes, deeming the principle both vicious and unconstitutional, was unwilling that an act of injustice should be done to any party, and thought it ratherhard that the episcopal communion in Scotland should be singled out for more severe treatment than was awarded to any other class of reli onists The Scottish recipients of this emall bounty were fairly entitled to expect that, as it had been granted to them for 30 consecutive years, it would be continued for their lifetime. They were gentlemen of exemplary piety, between whom and the Apostles there was at least one point of resemblancepoverty. The legislative disabilities under which they laboured were a disgrace to modern civilixation and a reproach to the statute-book. (Hear.) Mr. PELLATT was of opinion that the disabilities in question might be abolished by the established church itself, and without the interference of the Legislature. After a few words from Mr. DuirCAiN, The CHANCELLOR of the EXCREQUIER observed, that he 'was not aware of the existence of the disquahfications to which the right hon. gentleman the member for the 'University of Oxford had referred, nor could he conceive what rational argument could be urged in their favour. It scarcely neededthe logical and forensic diction of the right hon. gentleman to display the absurdity and iHliberality of such regulations. However, as they existed by virtue of an act of Parliament, it would need the interference of the LegisLature to remove them, and it would not be competent for the church to do so by its own action. There was no difference between the religious tenets of the episcopal communion in Scotland and those of the established church in this country. Each subscribed to the Thirty-nine Articls, and though there might be some distinction in their Liturgies, there was none in their doctrinal opinions. What ever the opinion of Lord Thurlow, who was no great theologian, might have been on this question, it was very certain that these dis.qualifications, affecting one of two classes of religionists which were precisely identical in faith, were entirely irrational. The present seemed a gracious moment to revoke them, when tbe Government had found itself compelled by a sense of public duty to take away the small grant heretofore enjoyed by the episcopal communion in ScotlAnd. It was with great reluctance that the Government had done so; but there were reasons which, in their view, rendered it imperative to take the step. The grant had been usually made once in two years. Privious to the surrender by the Crown ofthe hereditary revenues, which took place on the accession of William V,, the charge was defrayed from that source of income, but it had since that per-iod been defrayed from civil contingencies, there being now no fund at the disposal of the Crown to meet cbarges of that description. The first grant appeared to have been made in 1813, by a Treasury minute, dated the 2Sth of December in that year, upon a representation from the Protestant bishops in Scotland of the inadequacy of tho incomes of many of the episcopal clergy, which had been reduced in some cases to 201. a-year. The grant was again made in 1815, but did not appear to have been paid regularly until 1828. From that date 1,2001. badbcert paid once in two years. The hereita-y revenue having been surrendered to the public, the grant must now be provided for from public funds. The annual sums of 2,0001. for the poor clergy of the Scotch Presbyterian Church, and of 1,1001. forthe officers of the general assembly managing the affairs of that church, were payable from the consolidated fund under the act of the 2d and 3d of William IV., chap. 116, passed for the purpose of giving effect to the recommendations of the committee on Civil Govermuent Charges in 183L The charge for the episcopal clergy was not included in the items mentioned in the report of the committee, but no doubt would have been provided for in like manner had it been adverted to at the time an likely to become a pernmanen.t charge. The sumn was divided in proportions of 1001. to each of the six bishops, and the remainfder among the inferior clergy according to the discretion of the trustees, subject to the limit of oOI. as the snax,n7uni of the emolument of each. It having been represented that the funds at the disposal of the Government for civil contingencies could not with propristy be applied to such purposes as the grant contemplated, the Government hadto decideowhether they would place it anthe annual votes or discontinue it altogether. Looking at all the eir. cumstances of the case, and having particular regard to the fact that the episcopal church in Scotland was upon the whole a wealthy communion, its resources being considerable, and its numbers not greater than those of a large London parish; and remembering, also,thatinScotland they were Nonconformists, the Government came to the conclusion that it would not be advisable to place the grant on the annual votes, and that the latter alternative-that of abolishing it altogether-was the only one that could be adopted. (Hiear, hear.) The Government had arrived at this determination with considerable reluctance, but they had not felt jastified in taking any other course. Mr. THOM PSON approved the conduct of the Government in withdrawing the grant; but submitted that the legal disqualifications to which its former recipients were lible ought also to be removed. The motion was then agreed to. TRAFFIC WITH FRANCE. Mlr. PELLATT moved for and obtained a return of the annual value of exports and imports to and from France during the years 1852 to 1855. lP,. CONSUL MIATHEW. Mr. GLADSTONE asked the permission of the House to rnake a brief personal explanation with respect to a gentleman who undeservedly, as regarded himself, had been a sufferer on public grounds. Re alluded to Mr. Mathew, who had lately held the oflice of British Consul in America, but from whom his cxequatur had been withdrawn on the charge that he had been implicated in breaches of the American law in matters relating to the enlistment question. The proceedings of Mr. Consul Mathew had been taken in the most direct and straightforward manner. (Hear, hear.) He bad reported al that he had done to his official superior, lr. Crampton; that gentleman had in his turn reported them to the Government, by whom they were sanctioned and approved. It was clear, therefore, that, whatever might be thought of the merits of the geeeral'quesion, no blame could fairly attach to Mr. Consul Mathew. The responsibility of his proceedings, if they constituted a breach of the American law, was transferred to his superiors, and if he had gone wrong he had done soin his zeal for his country, and in his earnest desire to carry into effect the instructions of those who were in authority over him. In acquainting them with the course he had taken, and in procuring their approval of it, he had placed himself beyond the possibility of offence, but, unfortunately, not of punishment. He vias undeservedly a sufferer, and appeared to be weeU entitled to the consideration of the EngE M Governnaent. He had been given to understand, however, that in the course of the debate on the enlistment question words were imputed to him (Mr. Gladstone) to the effect that he was not disposed to give entire credence to the statements of Mr. Consul Nathew. If any such words had indeed been attributed to hm, all e could I ay s h ty d been erroneous y attributed, for, in point of fact, he gave the fullest credence to the statements of that gentleman, whom he believed to be an honourable an-d well-intentioned man. (Hear, hear.) THE ROSSSHIRE RIFLES. The Earl of DALKEITE, who had a mnotion on the paper to call the attention of the House to the case of Captain Frazer, late adiutant of the Rosishiremilitia, observed that, having regard to the late period of the session, and to the circumstance that the Under-Secretary for War was in his place, he should not go into the details of the subject, but would reserve to himself the right of bringing it under the .cnnsidbration of the House early next session. At present -he would.merely observe that Csptain Frazer appeared to bave been treated with singular severity in havingibeen deprived of his commission in the Rossshire Rifles by-the Secretary for War, on account of some alleged negleot'(s we understood the noble lord) with reference to a certAin correspondence on the subject of certain transactions whic had occurred 'in the Highland regiment in which he ha I been an officer :previossly to his connexion with, the Ross.- shire Rifles. The Secretary for. War had taken this poveointo his owi hands,- contrary to the opinion of the Judge-Advocate, *ho- when the whole. case. vas re-ferred-:to-him, stated that if a coxurt-sartial had be'en ganted tits: extren sentence would: have- been a reprimand. . '~ ' ' lwr.-ROEBtCK said that on the night of tbe 22d ins?t. both the noble- lord at the head of the Governtnent and the aew- ,(?tfryforri:>r, pcel) stated thbat the pro- ceejaaga ibrGesi Beataonwter urn thatin t the chae Wre, infact atb'ves7 timebIWd'oyerhiaesi" Onithe-fo6lo*ing morning, thatof th'e 23 of Jul" G6ner I 13eit-9on- *reoeiyai 'A le-uttir-A' Ming'iin' of laeiehar 'wic It enawde ingaut Wan2;Eer,1 d j hon..gentleman (Mir. Peel) been i4 hie, ea-e be {Kr. Re, bhek) ibould La,e:put-to hithis queekon,-'Seeing,that Iora 1. was-paedtin o q enCed 4-o ouiih g - abnyou erploesMibon}o't atlesMt oenlortnight doountent 'e-ioe gt gthe, reagaiost. General BMaton,' dil'you-4-the time thaxt3ouimide thedeclaration, thatiae] chairge a still hsig gehis heid,contemhplte wrnting 2 tbe.3etterof theS2da?I i:f 'Oitdid,youmnisldthe l(ouIeb sthat tatement, and -ay satemen hoan erafterlm e miit btaIksin `with the c,onsideration tbat you nade such`ai statemente" (Hear, heair.):.i_. ,,* . The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER apprehended that it: as not competent for the :oble lord (Lard Dalkeith) to snike a- motion on-the question of adjournmeut. Hxb hen..friend'the nderSecretary for War gould be ieh plAce on twuesdzy, eDd uo fd then give iny esplanation that' ighthe b required. e would, on the sandm eav,anser the, quexticn of the hnrh. and learned member for Shefficid. - , . . !I£te mo tion for the adjournmenltof the 1 ousetill Tnesday-I ws the.n agee& to. , -, ; 'A report was- brought ulp- fromn the Lords, stating that.l they had, agreed to: the Commons' a,mendments t,o theq Bioshope of .Londoun- d flu.rbaux R}etirement .3Bi1, tirei Leases and Sales of Settled Estates Bill, and other mea, sures. -The CAN'CELLOR of the EXCHEQUER explained, with reference to certain small pensions originilly phbge,T able on th ecivil list, to which'the hon. and learneagent)e3 ' 3n the member for Sheffield nid, called attention the other evening, that it was a mistah,ke to suopos6 thit, en .tJosee, ensions wvere transferred 3rom the civil list' tcthe co>'?io7 dated fund Government bhad made any profit on thec difference between the mominla grant, as at frst regulated,j and the actual payment subsequently made. (Hear, hear,) Pensions originalfy chargeable-on the civil list were Iiible, while thus circumstanced, to certain; deductions in the nature of fees and taxes, but when, on-the accessionof'Hefr Itajesty, those pensions were transferred to the consolidated, fud the net amount Was paid to the recipients. The pubhc gained nothing, nor did the pensions lose anything by the operation. At 10 minutes to 2 o'clock the House adjourned till Tnes- day next. .__ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
FEARFUL RAILWA Y ACCIDENT. 0 t:h. T"At Between 12 and 1 o'clock on Satarday morning a fearful acdident occurred at tho Church Fenton station, on the leeds and York divsion of the North-Eastern Railway, by which two persons were killed, one so injured that he is not expected to recover, and six others sustained injurie5 of a more or less serious character. The Church Fenton station is a junetion for York and HarroTwgate; and it appears, from the inquiries we have made, that between 12 and 1 o'clock on Saturday morning a heavy cheap train, which had been to the Market Weighton cattle show, arrived at the station, and was being shunted on to a siding in order to go forward on the Har. rowgate line, the train being in consequence thrown right across the up-line. In addition to this unfortunate circumstance the signalman, instead of turning on a danger-signal, -w'hile the train was acrosstheline, aUowedawhite semaphore to remain. At this time a goods train came up from York, and, seeing the signal "All right" exhibited, the enginedriver and guard anticipated no danger, and they ran into the centre of the passenger-train. The goods-train passed literally through the passenger-train, smashing three or four carriages to atoms, and throwing the engine on to itsbroadside. The scene vwas one of fearfrl confusion-the groans of the dying and wountded mingled with the screams of the affrighted passengers, and the crash of the falling and broken carriages for a moment paralyzed every one, and excited fears of an accident still more terrific than it ultimately provedto be. Immediately after the collision assistance was renderedto the passengers whose carriages had been crushed, and in a short time two dead bodies were discovered, one of them that of a wheelwright from Tadcaster, and the other of an innkeeper from the same neighbourhood. Shortly afterwards another man wms found with his thigh broken, and so injured that he is not expected to recover; and in the course of a short time six others were found seriously injured. The injured were removed to the neighbouring houses, and medical assistance was rendered as early as possible. The nature of the accident was telegraphed to York, and in the course of an hour or two a large body of men and officials arrived from York; and by 8 o'clock the line was again in working order. The permanent way was but little injured. ANOTHER ACCOUNT. An accident of a very fearful character, and attended with loss of life, occurred at the Church Fenton station, on the North-Eastern Railway, at about a quarter past 12 o'clock on Saturday morning. The occasion of the catastrophe was a goods-train from York running into a heavy passengertrain from Market Weighton. A special train left Market Weighton about 10 o'clock for Wetherby, conveying passengers who had been attending the agtricultural show held at Market Weighton. The train, 'which was a very long one, consisting of about 20 carriages, arrived at Church Fenton station about a quarter past 12 o'clock, and it was necessary for the train to be shunted in order to get on to the Church Fenton and Harrogate branch. The engine pushedthe train back for this purpose, and the end of the train went along some portion of the up line from York to Leeds. Just at this moment a goods-train from York dashed into it, shivering one second and three third class carriages inte fragments, killing two of the passenger and injuring about 14 others, some of them very seriously. Mr. Copeland, of Clifford-cum-Boston, a farm hind, a man apparently abont 50 years of age, was killed on the spot, and his body, when found, presented a dreadfully mangled and mutilated appearance. Mr. Godfrey Braham, landlord of the Railway Hotel, Tadcaster, had his skull fractured, and received other injuries, which caused his death in about an houar afterwards. Mrs. Braham, his wife, also received a severe cut on the head, but her injuries, it is hoped, will not prove fataL Mr. Waterhouse, jun., of Tadcaster, received some internal and other injuries of a serious character, andbut slight hopesare entertainedof hisrecovery. The other persons who received serious hurts are Mr. Hep. tonstall, of Clifford; Mr. Jackson, of Tadeaster, leg broken; and Mr. T. Robinson, of Stutton. The names of the other Eufferers we were unable to learn. In addition to the two unfortunate men who were killed, about 14 persons were more or less injured, but the re'mainder of the passengers, who numbered in all between 40 and 50, escaped without sustaining anything beyond a mere shock. The engine of the goods-train was completely overturned and crashed, but the driver of the engine and the fireman miraculously escaped, almost without injury, the fireman being merely scalded at the back of the neck. The guard of the goods-train was thrown unon his face, -which was cut, and the driver of the passenger-train also received some injuries. 'With as little dalay as possible medical assistance was olbtained. Mr. Scott, of Sherburn, 'was sent for, and arrived in a short time, and Dr. Williams caine from York in a special train. TheEe gentlemen, assisted by Mr. Lewis, of Sherburn, and other medical gentlemen, did everything they could for the unfortunate sufferers, all of whom, with the exception of Mr. Waterhouse, were removed to their respec. tive homes about 3 o'clock by special train. 1r. Waterhouse was taken to the Railway Commercial Hotel, where he at present lies, and, as already stated without much chamce of his recovery. The remains of the persons who wero kdlled were placed in two of the rooms at the station to await a coroner's inquest. > - In addition to the four carriages shattered to pieces, two cattle trucks, forming a portion of the, goods-train. were also broken up, and the different pieces of the carriages were scattered about the line in every direction. The railwere torn up for a considerable distance. With- regard to the cause of the accident it appears that the goods-train was expected about the time it arrived, and' either the person whose duty it was to signal to the driver that the line was clear or otherwse must have neglec;ed to do so, or the driver must have disregarded the signal or not observed it.
HERM AAJES2'Y'S THEATRE. The revival of Don Pasqwude on Saturday night afforded Mademoiselle Piocolomini an excellent opportnnity for displaying her talents in a newv line. Norina is a character essentially belonging to genteel comedy, and therefore differs in kind bot.h from Violetta, whose merriment lasts for so brief a lime, and is succeeded by unmitigated woe, and from Maria, who, with all her hilarity, has a great dealof sentiment in her composition, which does not fail to display itself on occasion. She is one of those characters, peculiar to tlke stage, who are ready to execute any stratagem for the sake of love, without being p rompted by any violence of passion. In fact, we may say that love is rather the ostensible than the true motive of thteir actions, unless we qualify it as the love of mischief. This mental peculiarity, so estimable in comedy, so formidable in private life, is esactly embodied by Mademoiselle Piccolomini when sherepresents Norina:- "iotesta balana "So;a d'indol vivace, "Scherzare mi piace, "Mi piace brillar." Snch is the lady's confession of her own idiosyncrasy, and. with hearty gusto d,oes she wvarble it forth. W'hen Dr. Malateeta acquaints her writh the scheme by which she is to torment the unfortunate Don, and the part she is to play in it, the mischievous zeal with which she " jumps" at the pro. posal is admirably characteristic. She has at last found an occasion worthy of her powers, and she rejoices to show how well she can put on a new face if a little mischief can be furthered by the expedient. The very literal critic bearing in mind that Norina is a young widow, may perhsps object that there is nmore of youth than of widowhood in Mademoiselle Piccolcemini's impGrsonation; but why disturb o0ar enjoyment just because the list of draentis per'sonwc encumbers us with it,s informtation, and Don Pasquale once lets fall the word " Vidovella P" No doubt the aulthor of the book contemplated one of the "jeunes veuves"' who are so potent in modern French comedies; but Mademoiselle Piccolomini, by exhildting a girlish love of trickery rather than a studied astuteness, gives a new charm to the part. A ealm femirLine schemer is not such a pleasant personage but no one can be angry with a juvenile incarnation of plafulness, and we feel that Don Pasquale insust forgive her heartily when the game has been played to its conclusion. Signor Rossi, who came out as Don Magnifico in Ccncrentola on the 6rst night of Le C07saire, did not get all the attention ho deserved, occupied as the public mind was with pirates, pias d'ensnnbte, ahn'lcs, and feluccas. We often hear of a man being born before his time, and Signor Rossi's dUThm was somewhat analogous to that species of illluck. However, the revival of Don Pasqtalle enabled him eto rectify the chronological error. He is a good singer, his face is essentially comic, his portliness is comely, he dresses admirably, and his byplay is careful, without more caricature than might be expected from an Italian bmffo. We should not be at all surprised if he some day held a permanent and important position. Signor Calzolari sang his music with his usaual taste, and gained an encore by his serenaWde; and Sgner Belletti represented the Doctor with the gravity proper to t he profession. As for the success of MademoiseliePiccolomini, it wvas signi6ed by three universal " calls" after the descent, of the curtain, said bouquets in such profusion that it taxed her strength to cary them off the stage.
REPORT OX THE SoumD Dus.- e received on Saturday a copy of the report from the Select Comrmittee of tho ulouse of Commons ;o the Sound Daes. The committee did not consider it their provir-ce to inquire into the right exercised byDenmarki to levy tolls on ships and gods passing between the German Ocean and the Baltic; it is matter of history that Englanahas acquiesced in the pay. ment of these dues for some centuries, and at this time they are paid arnd regulated under engagement by special treaty between the two countaies. There is, however, no doubt respecting themischief and inconvenience attending upcn the payment of the Solnd Dues, as appea from the strong evidence of all persons engaged in the Baleic trade. The detention of vessels in the Sound is a fertile source of evil and endless expense, which is not adequately measured by the payments actually made to the Danish Government. On the contrary, the charges or exasctions merely incidental to the payment expected by the Danish Government amount to more than the dues themselves, and sometimes to double the sunm thereof Strongeand unvartyingtestimony is borne to the mischieE arising out of the detention of vessels at Elsrnore. The apparentlyr arbitrary rates at which the dues arc iised is also, matter of compla5nt. The Sonnd dues, therefore, as now levied, combine in them what is most objectionable in taxes that fall upon trade-they are uneqnal their operation, and they occasion great loss of time and much needless expenditure in the coll!ction of a comnpaatively small revenue; and, as far as the cargoes areconcerned, without professing to be raised for any service rendered in return tend to impede and hrrden an important branch of trade. tinder these circumsances the select committee do not hesitate to declare that these dues are the cause of annoyance and injury to British trade, and that they deem it highly desirable that they should be abolished. At the same time, it appears that care muast be taken to prevent Denmark froin levying countervailing duties on the transit of goods by land through her territories, for she has already indicated an intention to act on this policy; ant she possesscs, frowm her geographical position, a sort of territorial monopoly in all the practictble routes that could be aubstitnied im passing from the German Odean to' the* Baltic Sea by winch the payment of the Sound Dues cold be- avoided. -The committee.therefore, recommend that in any negotiation for the abolition of the Sound Dues the fnllest consideration should be given to the means of securmg a like freedom for trade in the transit throu h any part of the Danish territory. The committee forbear to sopress any opinion on the merits of the propositions recently made for the abolition-of thb Sound Dues, butt they strongly urge the importance of. speedily rettling the question, morn espcecially considering . te course receutlyadopted by the niTted States of ;Amegia. The committee, therefore, think than the proposals of~ the D<anush Governmens to the different-States interested in. the trade and navigation of the Baltic should receive Immediateattention. Twelve witnesses were examined, whose exPenSes amounted to 1107h Advertisement.1-The Scutari -Xonument.-The Art Journal for August, rice' s 6al., contains cagrava,na from thefollow- ing pietures in the Royal collections:-Go.nd Sin no Morem- after - E. Corbould, and Tue Star in the East- after I Warreex Tns scuptue egraingisthe 143nipbgiurprsed. Tbe literary r,otets Incl;de-The Porcelain 2nnuiterire or China, Subioes tfdr thhe i Student in Art: The Arts of the Uni,ed States, 3ritesh Artists -Xo. 17. Wv P. Ridth. :EL, illustrted * Wood Carving by Mhineuy; The NationaI l Galeryi: Dutch Genre-paintetr, by F. ,W. Thntrhelt F.S. .. iflestrted: -Xateonal Art andl Wative Axtists-~'the1 -Seteri -ounameut; The Exahibition cc Art,ressres i=c., chester- The Sketcher - Thte Courts ofthe CaYstal -Palaei3es trated ic.-Virtue and Co., 2Pa5eeste-rows . W ' I [Advicrtisement.]-Th-aiew -novel, "5The Mfan eE iJhei Wor:d. or Vanities of the Dsy,'-by S. W.Fllom, auther of f'Th. Grcst i:h , now -ba h at aU lSthe I-ibraries, in3 rola- MltiUustrations on tteel by, John les "Mr.-Fullom'a *.Uan o the Wo:cld,' says the Memnl'o6]0st, "is r mater]ypit.irt-, an will: at- trat the adminiingatteutihntofivary- beholder;,- M-lFr.ynlonalandIdi: hia inaterialsasith powerful: sieeft, a&d, ives additieual llfe an l%,in-, teiSet t? the story by the ihlful introfuclton .fh inacdents suggesteo b ' actuhlo6currenoaasof recentiat,e. A-trone sin of satire ranz-tbrough' lbe*vhoie compoeitenwich ismanyin t nt ted e driiixatSrinW styid-" Q&ed36. Sk-eet;Xii: William-streete CWa19 - 1Avel'rtisendent.,'ojgarr _-Ogiovie~; -or5, -Bi eopulara,wter ts Sheu of hor etf * soe R OD; O is W Wt 1eokte4dforvith*s~ssuse. and tn it lakneol tisatan onriial ovel, y'ori;ot a fravurite with' ls -:atPubjE asJamea Grant;- cant bei, chasedefrtaro shllhings,iedessand will indeedbe erea3a-ono. arifdceit.Cluscs Cvier'aveit15esofR"srthur,OL~s}e ' ,noSS tuhgrbook. and bi4ths ,st vrkbythe anebrof "Cbarl ~O'Maiiey* tl baS are'eflruhn aralygopnlar form;ltebr bio,n~ -as faubarameng the patmlasofleeap slfrtute as he -baaskthsiW . -bcenln.alessextcndcel cicle. Iendcn George Rutleadg:O,~, ,.-:. >- 1-n=-- ,, - -e;
-- ~- - ::; rPIR LA2D7; D13D T. ~ & - -- --- ---imErf, ;I -,-- - , - ----i AT .7777""r7li ? ? - 11 I - '-'a = = = = -' - rfrtR1 anr- asuowinoo yestrda ieneatle ' ia iou'ote-ot iigo-}ps~a.c~t~ Judge alluded. tothrexeent mrutly-t &i.nighS c . motivIen Clw l,aid bit dz'i lwb ldar= oasesl to be trieo am s, s' from it If was led to enterain the hope tht I soudS}i; been ibi.s te oilgratuiat . ou: upon$beveiij in5S.. of Xerfns:*o. be,tred wpoi,tEu-.ooioS ad I:-o'- mdrseimpessioa thatit-would bee-ni e i-my.powj to-o rn .,torrn '.to irv e. .lo,n 'ftev-' very ihort, iteival. iBut, .'zt!emen, I Nsret t.7isayth ince I camne to thia towrn I have yen - stog ---abp wrhbd e i:onate -ho*. delusive' $heoe Perho d&n&tho. eZpctaiceswerq,.- Gentlemen you have-no dl1:ear&ii the very ago i this town-an ocewre thate muxens~ aoem oaio def e asies. I understand tbatibili of indictinet:willoe:s^ 'Up to you a aneta an chrd with the commnsoo . murder on that ocLaon5 - There is no doubt that a - 1aier of the 41ct Regimlet was koid upon t *oc gentlemtur, Ibelieve it is equallr serti n t his dcahe *sulted 'frcm the ofiwv i 'eia ea fireard.s4' loaz. mamed B1rneis sUeedtobe thpersohwko firedthbatsiot and caused the death of -hat aoldier.: Gntlemen,_th* hill-of eidicthiert lTba'd bjore you againstthtatziMa 'chg him with the co m loe,!f the czipe` Of*ilf muIder, anal do not believethaI;here ianycinmstance .sfar.g Thave6scercWSed the facts,.olie Ii foieiMi* wich Waild-justify or palliae-the fi gadi oE-,Ut'otb: th;e prisoner, if he did fire-it, and therefore the o'ly lueati"zafor you I( ionsiderwiw e--did the =cuiedhre mta Ao' Or tot ! The trizl of the parties implicated in the rioti wM not, it is believed, eormnence until Monday"a the earliest. GOVERE3LEy,r LPPOM MInsrs. The shelving of the new Dublin Police Bill has disturbed the contemplated arrangement of the' Governnient. Had the measure become law -the vacancy created by the death of Mr.. RicharBourke would not have been filled up, as it was in-a tended to reduce the number of divisional magin tLate ;. ID the meantime the office thun vacated ha, been conferred upon Mr. M'Dermot, late seretaryto the Board of Charitable Bequests, and a " Liberal of the old school." The appointment appears taq have gWen satisfaction. The secretaryship vacant. by the promotionl of Mr. 'l)?ermot has been gives*. to MIr. W. Gernon, of the North-East circuitX The Freeraom7s Joeurl Eays:- "There are two secretaries to the Board-a Catholic andr Protestant, The latter is Mr. Hercules M'Donnell, Eon of the Liberal Provost of Trinity College. The salry of ewah is 4001. a-year, and the business is not so inconveniently heavy as to prevent both secretaries uractisinlg as barisers. Mr. al Dsrmot, on the contrary, must be in daily session, for which the present income is 600L. a-year, and. shouldt the consolidation contemplated by the Police Bill be ulti-. mately carried out, the salaries of the permanent magIs.- trates will be raised to 8001. a-year."' MR. S'TEg O BR ' AND THE TIPPERAtY ELWrOIOIi'. A body styled " The Tipperary Independent. County Club" recently despatched a deputation to. Dromolanld to wait -upon Mr. Smith O'Brien, with a view to induce that gentleman to forego his intention of abstaining from political affairsn, d to allow them to put him iP nomination for the seat at present filled by lr. James Sadleir. 'ir. O'Brien-refused to swallow the tempting bait thus proffeLd by his admirers, and in the course of an eloquent. reply to the club he said:- "I cann.at without some regret decline the honour which they have designed for me. I could not fully develope all the considerations which have induced me to form this deternmination withonthurting thefeelingsofmany who, though they differ from me inpolitical opinions, sincerely rejoice in my return- and, at the riEkof being charged with weakness, I avow that it am unwilling at such a momaent as the present unnecessarily to offend any of those wbo have sympathizea with me inthedays of misfortune. It is enough that I should gay that I could not attend Parliament 'without separating myself from my family during several months of each year, andthat I am not prepared, -under present circumstances, to make this sacrifice of the duties and pleasures of domestic liEfe. Perhaps I should feel some compunction in thus refusing to re-nter the House of Conmmons if I could persuade myself that in that sphere I could btuseful tomy country; but in 1843, after having attended Parliament with continuous asiduity during 12 years, I arrived at the conclusion tbat my time would have beens much more usefuDy occupied if I had remained in Ireland, and everything that has occurred since that neriod ham cornfirmed rather than weak-ened this convictionu Under these, circumstances, I have no desire to recommence a career which would be fraught with unhappiness to myself and tomany whomn I love. At the sametime I propose to keep z6 vigilant watch over the legislation which may be brought. forward for Ireland; and if, at anytime hereafter, I may have leason to believe that my experience in public affairs can he rendered useful to my country, I shall not hesitate toi offer such suggestions as the occasion may require. My opinion, if it be of any valae, will be at least as potential vwhen expressed in may native land as it would be if delvere in the bouss of Commons." Defeated in their intention to secure so respectable a substitute for the person who now misrepresents Tipperary. the club adopted a Series of Xighfilow resolutions, one of which runs as follows:- " That, hr. O'Brien having declined our eanest invitation, this clab, strong in truth and unity of purnose, will not interfere in any contest between 'Whaig rnd Tory, be. cause the former has at last made of the Irishrepresentatiorm nothing more than an organized political swindle, and, as, such, a vital national calamity; the latter, if Whiggery be crusbed in Ireland-aresult easily achieved, as has beae abundantly proved at our late fcw Irish elections-must at least entertain a respect, if it be not compelled to legislate, for the protection of the Irish tenantry." I ThMPErAIISSM VERSUS eA7TSo;,lAITrY. The Nahsont-i while admitting there is much thaf is undeniaoly true in the views put forward by a. ''writer in its columns of last week, ridicules as a grotesque delusion the idea of expecting submission irom Ireland. " We are bad. subjects," boasts the organ of Young Ireland, and, more truthfully, adds, I" we are worse rebels, and we are likely to remain as we arem worse still." In the course of some remarks upon the prevailing epidemic of order in Ireland the Norther Whig, almost beNwilderedby the effects produced in the social and political body, thus sums up - " All the 'ismse seem to have disappsared as if by ns.'ic V-hiteboyism, I,scVism, Ribandism, are scarcely teo be heard of. Orangeism has given signs of life, simply by one or two boyish processions, and an assault on a priest; but these rare and trifling exceptions only preve the rdle. Where this is to end nobody knows. We should not be surprised to see, within a very short period, the total extinction of our ' peculiar institution'-agrariau assassinntion. The year is full of wondera-wonders so great, in this country at least, as to suggest ideas regarding the end of the world which we cordialy commend to the notice bf Dr. CuImming. Within the same month we read /oE Orangemen and Roman Catholics celebrating together the anliversy of the Battle of the Boyne, anc see Thc NTation recommending to the patriots comp lete ' submission.' Not only is there no moreehootiog of landlords, and no more rows on the 12th of July, but no more hating of Saons -the Ribandmnen have laid down their bslunderusees, and the 'hereditary bondsmer' bave laid down their pikes. The average of longevity his risen in Tipperary, and the Bank of Iceland is insured thetranquil possession of the ' ould house in College-green2' Snith O'Brieu is growing green crops down in Limerick; avan Daffy is dining out m Australia; 1Martin is walking t'ne hail of the F;our Courts;* Mitchullisraving and larrupin"' his niggers in A merica; and John O'Connell has disappearedi in the 'wilds of lKerry. There is no Association-no Con.- federation-no talk of repeal or separation. The Tenant. League is pouring its dying groans into the reluctant ear of Mr. G. H. loore. There is absolately no agitation, and hardly any crime. The jails are 5alf empty, and the judges half idle. WVe notice this anheard-of state of things with so much pleasure that -we hardly care to account Ior it. But, lest any-English render should suppose it is all moonshine, and feel relnctant to abandon the cherished prejudides and ditions of centuries, we may a;sre himn that we are in the enjoyment of unusual prosperity from a variety, of causes. Our encumbered estates are no longer encumbered. Their new ow ners are managing them better. Emigration has diuinished the-competition for land. The prospect oE a luurianth-rvest las cheapened food. Themilitia, up tzs the present, has absorbed and occupied the great mass of the scamps and vagabonds. The restoration of peace has given a new impulse to trade and commerce. The professional agitators have tither acquired some grains of common sense or are gone to the dogs. We have come to see that we can be happy and prosperous- without .,trolling minstnrels and red deer, and that, as5 we share all the perils of war, -our-wisest plan is to run abreast with }England-in -the paths; of peace." - THE ;EET.AT QUEMsSTOVe. At . o dock-on Thursday morning the squadron steamed out to sea. It is thoug,ht thiat a short cruiise was to-have been made to iBantrt Bay, and that the 'fleet- would retu;rn to Queenstown before sailing-to its ultimate lestnation-'--hereeever that may be.- - THE iqUNDS. .-Three per. Cent. Consuls,' i5 9s6 dito, for\tcount ; gusti49( New- threep e-et AnSt4c14 l,961
Li Q taT~ iIOrY 1,YTBLLIGBYCF. :Saturday Evening. 'The English fd hopeneds ti mornig at the eoiDg prices of yesterday-snd tlhere was a total abs4~ncft o'Ilnctdiation ':tloughout the day. The ;a ket, gener2ily presented a firm apjpearanee, lthear.ghthere was a fu If1ee3anai for money b'th in tle,Sth&Echsnge<d.. ou i.tf- doors< u ..onsols were(iqwt)ted .,2hto- ir,snoBie-a,nd 95i to ji6tr the _IZOL pxzAugust; -Stockleft off at 21i6 oI-2l7T; 1Peduced, 96 tol'-';ew:T1ize&per Centsi, '96to g; Annuities, 18 3-16 ',,,da Sto&k, 234to 2.30; India Pouds, 1 li 24 prexnium ;Ecbeqjuer- bind6~IEIO4, to 4; anid Eoheqn r-bills, 2 to Z$3jwtj1j& * '' '- -' - - {Jt- 'Ihe operations in foreign seccrities were limited, nndpr xeiibitedscarcely.any yariation. Tuikish eix per OD t& rjthe'acbunt, Were negotiated at -s4'-9 EBrn-}u vetEer Ctentaforaccouaht, 102l; &Eor aBdHa3lf perCent, KNew, 97-; Ruasian Tive.per Cents., lgitha Four-and-a-Kalf per Cenrtsr, g Sii i Fivb-per6ents.; 921 , Spanish _Wew.Deferred, for aut-23f ; and Austrian Fivo Teki1tns-(pajialle in Yi6na),- 85. -; The final: iqotatioxrofb tIse.Trench Thre. per vniFevon' the, ?a~ini:orse. this evening was Ot-85c: forrboth roney ae,dj4ccLOO4n1t, showinsg retover o a_gparter - The .B6o,; viqde- retu,,rns for the past month were ji,;ied ta 4 nior' img -aid are agoain of a 'very _f,av,oulSbole-iriter tlie unui ually-large increase ibing shiwn of 2^4,493,4921. in the-declared value of enr expertati6ns as-compared with the month of June, 1855. - ot a single item of any amount appears on the adverse side.. Cotton, woollen, silk, nndllxien mnannfaotures and metals, all figure-for a large au-gmentation; and, among. other article those which aepesid upon the Australian and general eoloniii tradepres'ent thechief improvement.' Subjoined is a table shoving the exact increase or glecrease under each head':- ; DxC.&R, V7,,U O0 RxPORsATOnVR With regard to imported commodities the totals ore also sabsfactoTy, indicating an increased con;oumnption of articles of food and luhxury prooortionate -to the activity of the trade of the country. Of breadstuffs the supplies have been to an averaae xten, and there has been a full consumption of prosions, tea, sugar, rice, spirits, wine, tobacco, und spices:- Subjoined are the quantities imported and taken for home consumPtion*. The following are the comparative imports and .exports of raw material, showing a decrease except in cotton and wool:- Of silk manufactires the totals stand thus:- Of most other imported articles the arrivals and -consumption have been steady. The prospectus has been issued of a company to -complete the long-expected telegraphic communica-bon with our Indian territories. It is to be called the European and Indian Junction Telegraph Company, with a capital of 200,0001. in 101. shares. The line selected is the same as that for the Euphrates Railway-namely, from the port of Seleucia on the Mediterranean to the head of the Persian Gulf, following the Valley of the Euphrates, and it will -connect on the one hand with the Austrian system of telegraphs, -which is to be carried to Seleucia, -wad, on the other, with a cable to be laid by the .East India Company from the Persian Gulf to the Indian port of Kurrachee. It will therefore supply the only link necessary to enable messages to be transmitted from London to any of the several PreJsidencies. Direct pecuniary suDport is expected from the Government and the East India CompaAiy, iogether with a concession from Turkey, and no -cal is to be made uuil these arrangements shall have been completed. One-half the shares are to be. allotted to the subscribers to the Euphrates Railway, and the other half to the public. The railway meetings of the week have not been numerous, but they have presenited features of ih-terest. The report of the North Staffordshire Cobipany states3that the proceedings pending with tfhe London and North-Western Company will be brounlht to a close at the earliest possible period. She directors corsider it desirable to avail themselves -f their borrowing powers with the vievw of bringing upon the line the mineral traffic of the Bidaulph -coalfield.. An independent outlet hias been attained by the arrangement for the transfer of the Bridgewrater proenty.Th dividend proposed is at the Sae Of 85i per cn.per annum. The directorsbf the london and Southl-Western Railway recommend -the payment of a dividend for the half-yea- at the rate of 54per cent, per annum. The dividend of the Brighton and South Coast Company has been confirmed at the rate of 2% per cent. for the half-year, aDd the report of the directors ha been adopted. TThe principal pointbrought under consideration was -the effect likely to be produced on traffic by the restoration of peace, a good harvest, and a reduction -of taxation. The report of the Manchester, Sheflleld, and Lincolnahire Company has been agreed to, including the guaranteed dividends on the various ipreference stocks and a dividend at the rate of 5s. .percent. on the original stock. The directors of the Colchester, Stour Valley, Sudbury, and Halstead i;Rtilw4ay have announcid that the rent daue by the 3Easteris Counties Company has been paid. With -regard to the state of the bond debt, a proposal has been made to carry out its extinction by half-yearly payments b frof- revenue. The dividend of thb -Wendal and ;Winderinere Company has been de- lared at the rate of 3s. per share, and the report has been received as satisfactory. The specie amval of the week i amounted to I Thus, wile the verag of gold! coined in the seven' I ieara 1841i to 1852 was 4,108837001., it :hass'ubae; qisauently beenl 8iS7J1,0O, or rmore than-double. Meanwhiile, the increase in .France aad. the UJnited State as baaeen on a scale of eqiaal magnitude. Wi~th regard'to silver and copp!er, .the presenrt tatement shows that the co* of 'the silvor 'for the cohiaj&of the above sum of 2,284,4091. was 2,24,1511., leaving astrplus of 70,251. Thle copper for the coinage of 138,7M5L. coat 69,303l. The- annexed infornaation wi th regaraito, thie pr~ograss of English, iiinig advesiture is coiidensed from the MIining, oursutl:- P - There'in uo material alterati tonotitce thl wieli-ia the prists of shares, but there has been abetter -demd - Mi thet market, and several buyers haveiapieared foridividend -deistriptibna. Tbe direct6rs df'tfie Devon'shire Gfent':Coonso -lida*edfCompanly have declaiad a dividend 'of 9,2161., being J1. per share, out of profits from sakes of copper ores sampled in the months of March and April last. -After :paymentof.- the same, these remains in hand, a balance of 27,0351. in caMsh, ore bills not at maturity, and reserved fund, applicable to the general purposes of the company The East laren Mine directors have paid a dividend of 2. per share. At Hingeton Down bneeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of -2,212M. At Towan meeting the accounts showed a balance against thb mine of 15C.; a call of lls. 6d. pershare was made. At-Lelaut Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance against the fhe mine of 8311. At South Wheal Tolgus meeting the accounts showed a balauce against the mine of 7201. At Rictakids Wheal &ose Ineeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 302h . a call of 31. per share was made. At North Roskear ndeting the accounts showed a balance aainst advseturera of 1261. At Exnouth Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurersof 521. AtWheal Kitty (St.Agnes) meeting theaccounts showed a balance in fovour of the mie of1380W. At CopperHill meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 5591.; a call of 3L per share was made. At Clijah and Wentworth meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurersof 5551 ; a call of ls. per share was made. At, Boiling Well oteeting the accounts showed a balance against the nuino of 86U. At Wlheal Powell meeting the aiccounts showed a balance against adventurers of 61.; a call, of 5s. per share was miade. At South IRosewarne meeting the accounts showed a balance agaiDst adventurers of 11.; a calU of Is. per share was made. At West Colbcombe meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of thermineof 571.; a call of Ls. per share was made. At Whoal Trenwith mieeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 522C.; a call of 10s. per share was made. At Penterwyd Silver-lead mleeting the acconnts showed a balance against adv&iturers of 100t. At East Cefn Brwyno meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 1321. * a resolution was ,oassed to transfer the ait to the Ponterwvyd Company." With regard to foreignaminintgthe following is t.he only paragraph of interest . The report of the 3ariquita and New Granada Compansy states that the Santa Ana district continues to sustain the favourable impressions entertained of its capabilities. The quantity of ore raised in the year ending the 31st of March last was 2,283 tons, which have yielded 84,415oz. of silver, the produce of which has exceeded the cost by the sum of 11,4S8t0, while, with a better supply of mining labour and improved reduction works, double that amount of produce could have been returned; efforts, however, are being made to supply these wants. From the Marmato mines the ore raised was 15,966 tons. The produce of gold and silver, including purchased gold, was-fine geld, 6,483 oz ; fine silver, 3,988 oz. The returns have exceeded the cost by 5571. The stamping mills and machinery are reported as being in efficient order, and provision is being made to meet casualties. At Purima the produce during the year has been 17,932 castellanos of gold. The cost of working has exceeded the returns by 2,6371.; which, added to 1171. brougbt forward from I ast account, makes 2,7541. at the debit of the Purina mines working account - the great portion of thisexcess had been occasioned by providing additional stamping-mills and materials. The total cost of the inines vhich the company was formed to work ik-Mar. nato, 41,717U.; Santa Ana, 35,3711. or 77,088. ; while the net. prbfit has been-Marmato, 25,7071.; Santa Ana, 19,5521., or 45,2591., being niearly 60 per cent. in four years on the amountof the purchase. Advice, have been received by the directors up to June 6, which state that the ore of Santa Ana M;ine continues to improve in quality in depth. A run had taken place, which had partially choked the workings and injured the ventilation. This was being re. medied. The raising of ore had been impeded, but, there being plenty on hand, the reduction works had not suffered. The mine of Aguacatal, in the Marinato district, is looked to with great intereat as an additional source of supply, and is believed to contain a considerable deposit of ore. The sum standing to profit and loss account amounts to 27,5501., which would have been available for dividend, but for the purchase of the Purima mines, amounting to 42,9561., towards which outlay the SoIU of 12,7001. only had been provided by the issue of debentures, the remainder being nearly anl supplied out of pr.fits." The following relates to the fire insurance statistics published on Friday last:- I Equitable Fire- office, Caunon-street West, July 24. "Sir,-The Equitable commenced business in 1850, and in its expenditure for four years and a-half, as given in your City Article of this niorning, is included all the ex. pease of establishing the company, which was heavy. The Royal was established mn 1845, the Manchester in 1824, consequently the expenditure of these comtanieS, as given in the samne article, is their current expenditue, exclusive of the expense of establishment.rre The Equitable is therefore placed at a disadvantage by the contrast. I rely, Sir, upon your known fairness to correct this, as anything which appears in The 'limes to thedisadvantage of a company is calculated to weaken and injure it. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, " A. C. BARCLAY, Chairman." The amount paid into the treasury of the East India-house for bilk on India from the 9th to the .25th inst. was 31,3071. It is stated that the arrangement made by the French Clipper Company topurchase the principal Vessels of the General Screiv Steam fleet will not be carried out. volly,about 250,000, Th4 exports have rather exceeded that sum. The r,epo'rt' o'f thi 'fe6therlands Lanad Enclosiur Company, isa 4prepar&tory to1their meetimg-on the -31st; iag of 0ntilmptoved eharacter. ; Anu arie of l;0Wdeaeies has beenredeemed and 850 of itploughod aii<s,own, mith rapeseei This year a.furher enlos,ure,o 1 1,70 acres is hoped .to2be efibcev The canal voirkE;.i11' -shor'tlY be commencd'. "Of the 50,000 preference shares authorized tb be issu:d 24,S08'"remain tobe taken, and aren6wto be-offer6d io e-xistiin holdeis. . Every creditof of the bompany }Ms-been aranged with, and the-finances have been -rstored tooa clearposition. An.account h>a been publIsheA of 'he coinage of gold, silver, and .copp&r at ,the' oyil Mint frnrt 18 to 18. inclusive, froim *hich the following toUhtave been'
THEs Cqzinom WnLiAm DovE.-T-his convictiino under sentence of death at York Castle, for the murder of his wife by strychnine -t Leeds, appears to he sensible of the aivfulnsess of the situation 'in which he is now placed, though be does not hesitate to express hiopes that his life wil he spared. The.York correspendent of -thie Leeds , n~ feUifeneem sayse,-"We bear that when the wxvetehed man was removed to the condemned coill on Saturday niight he becanie very iensibly affebteid. He evinced eon±lderabis excitmehnntand anxiety 6f mind, Which oontinued mnore er Iles durin the night. 4 O course, he had, and has still, one -or: more persona inx constant attendance iupoLn himi. On Sunday Doewas visitedhby two-of the trustees under hish father's Will Theqe gentlemeji entered- into, serious conversation with the -culprit, condoling with. him with respect. to~ tie~ awful fat~ that. a~waited hinm,-and endeavoi ngto kon5e - hini to a sense of the, isnportince of hiitkw n' IA self 'upon. the pity ancloriens of end bat merciful Gd.' Dove -was - rdsdxhinended t6b-p`ie. pare himself for the worst, when he replied,-it is said-, IWell, if Ai £1 sfle&rasy own good and the.: glory of God.'. Firom this. remnark it would seem thAt thte - Cupit ha rcve friDm tbii e,_citeinent of the presibnsg - nghtandreaoinedthe ocool;' imperturbable vucogoern - whch e maifetedthroughoat h.is four day~s'-trial. Onr. Wedneda~,the clpri wasvisted by-~ the R ev., W.' Punshn, Weleyansninite,fom Leeds,, ywho had Wft~ speialy rquetedto e~hm. Mr. ?lunshon waLs aoconi# - paiedby te l~v; . Rrtby, sanother Wesleyan nitnister of Yrk,whoas mnisereregularly to thespiritualwaf -- f heconic eer ine iscommitment to York Castle, iii Mfarch last. Shudte6iefot nVw makini, chiefly by tba Wealevi ti6a ai inmma_1terelAtiivessd -tiind& -of the-convict in Leeds, fail to,procufre the-extension ~of ;thi RIOya clemency to him, lhe willI be executed on th drop- York Cast1e diiS4t"jda, the 9JLm'f August.-- ~ : BRISTOL -SUOKTi-MASSEET, Juldy 26.-The---demafid' continues ver-y limilted, and - prices atre barely supporbid.n1 Refiners' produce is. still dull of -sale, althiough offered.it. moderate ics-ascomjarea with thLe valuie- of 'the i~ivi u2i~ dmmand *th a very iimit@ supply.
STATE OF TRADE. 1ANCHESTER, JuLy 2q. Biness is rot active, but a sufficient demand Bpri uy from day to day to keep producers pretty well supplied; and in seversl kinds of fabrc, s'uch as longoloths, T-clos, and heavy domestics, a trillug advwace in price has -been secured. A little business in shirtings for India hasbeen done, but the demand for these goods is not active.- For fine 36-inch ashirtings a good business is doing at highest rstes. A steady demand isexperienced for printing cloths, but the business is only moderate ia extent. In yarns thiere, is no chauge since last week. Cop yan in3 some case is rather easier to buy, but, generally speakingz spinners ar able to comenand last prices, some of them having a fair supply of orders. Tbe hard twiste suited to the tediterranean, up to 24', are in request, and full prices are obtain. able for those. BERIEI2HGHMS, 3ur,y 26. There is no perceptible improvement in the iron trade of the South Staffordshire district. The marked houses *he havecontracts on hand maintain with firmness old prices. The heat of the weather-has caused . pra suspensoer of workIn some of the forges. A slight falling offhas also tak-ers place in the production of pig StocMs are upon the increase, and good mine pigs can be bought 5s. per ton lowver than a fortnight ago. The ganeral dulness of the iron manufacture is attributed to the absence of oiders from the United States and to the little doing in the ship building business. The coal trade, more especially with the ironworks, continues extremely dull, and the &olliers in some neighbourboods are not fully employed. The stone-getjers are busy, as the demand for native ironstone is very good Many of the principal iron-founders oi the district are dqing anaverageaYnountof work. Severallargeloreignordersurve recently Come to hand. Among others, it may be stated that messrs Fox and Renderson have undertaken the axecution of public works in Sweden which will require a considerable imne for their completion. The copper and brasg manufactures continue in some degree disturbed by the recent reduction and present uLnsettied state of the price of copper. This suspense is felt, however, nore by the makers of the smaller descriptions of articles than by the lare founderS. The copper tubing and wiro businesses are brisk, and appear to be les. influenced than could have been expectedfrom so sudden - fall. 'The order for the brass iler tubes for the monster steamehip now building at Millwall has been given to Mfessrs. Everitt and Sons, of the Kingston works. The quantity required is from 3D to. 40 tons. For general common hardware there is a little better demand, but this does not extend to all branches. The manufacture of rlated slver wares, exoept in one or two eAsablishments, ii dulL iSlectro-plating, notwithstanding a late spirt in favour of the old plated articles, appears to t,ke the lead, and is fast superseding the ancient manufacture. The tin wares of the town, as well as those of Wolverhampton, aredoing,well Some in .hetownhave as manyorders ~on hand as they canwellexecte lwithout worldkg overtime. A great many of those orders which are presin are for the West India colonies as well as for AustrMlin But, whatever may be the comparative condition of the working population, it mxy safely be averred that for many years past there has never been such striking nublic indications of their well doing as have been ltnes6ed in Birmminghaa during the present summer. Every day in the week there have been processions of wcrkpeoplefrom one or maore of the numerous aranufactories of the town, on their way to some favourite spot in the countay, where the revels of a midsummer holyday were entered into with all imaginable spirit and hilarity. The chief manufactares of Coventry re extremely active. The watch businss is very brxsk; and the workmen engagedin everybranclar well employedat good wages. lhe same may be said of the riband manufacture. The needlemakers at Redditch are in possession of good orders ; and theworkp4ple, so for as can be ascrtained,make no complaints. The nailers at Bromagrove and Craidley are, .as.trsual, indifferently off; but many of them, as is cutomary at this seasor of the year, have hetaket themselves to the hayfields. It is stated there has been a marked falling off in the demand for nails for the Liverpool mark-et ; and when the niew American machine for cut nails is introduced by a Birmingham house, which may be expected very shortly, it is difficult to say what will become of cut nailers, to sav nothimg of forge nailersAt the half-yearly meeting of the Birmingham Canal Company, held yesterday, the usual dividend of 21. upon the old sbaresand 7s. id. uvpon the new v'ere declared subject to the income-tax. The directors of the Dudley and Westbrom-ich Banking Company have just issuvd a circular, from which it would appearthat the establishment has completely recovered from the panic to which it wassubjected lS months ago. A dividendhas been declared for the half-year at the rate of 5 per cert. free of income-tax. The profits which have accrued would have allowed a larger dividend, but the directors have resolved to confmine the armount to 5 ner cent. until the guarantee fund amounts to 3(,500I. From the report of the Shropshire Bankig Comrnpay it appears that the loss by Allen is now ascertained to be 159,2 61., and by Gilbert 25,036L Of the call due in June, 1S55, 70,37: has been received; 1,3001. as due upon the shrres which belonged to Horton, Ahlen, and Gilbert, leaving Z,3251. still unpaid. The accounts show avorldng capital suiclenutto carryon tbe business ef the bank efficiently, -without making any additional call: but until a greater advance has been made irL re&Errg tile securities the directors feel a difficult inx giving amore detailedstatementof affais The deposits -now reach 300,0001. NTOTTINGHAM JULY 26 For the season of the year the demand forframe sorkknitted goods k-eeps up pretty well, and there is a fair amount of buliness doing. The orders nrc chiefly for, sort. ing up, and are not limieed to any particular market, but are very general The advanced price upon ailgoods is asked and obtained -without difficulty. Y[arns are firms, at last week's prices. Although raw wools are reported at the London sales a shade lowrer, the prices of suwoohen yarns remain the same. In the lace branches a good many oiders are received for sipping, and the Germans are numerously in the market, who buyfreely. The home-trade, however, is qietl as msybe expected. le oods maintain their prices an d even advance. Buyers now give full pricea without q-ibbling,-that is, for Brussels andtpiain nets. Ther-nly diffbculty in these branches is to get goods to supply the demand. L*EICESTEBR, Juix 26. Thehogoiery tande,moro especlally the fancy branch, has slightlyimproved,while the demad for regular woolls and- worsted goods still continues dulL dime afthum orders have been given oult hythe wtholesale houses. ~arr s remwinllnaltered, and operanives a -the worsted mils are working their nsnal-time. The wool-market is firm, woith a tendency upwards. 6 althoughaTuesday's r mfriet in-ltheinoh-hlils mbas rther Aet, the reports for he week -Tre satisfwtory. There has 'een a good attendinee in there uarbeti thisrmewernin',oand uAyers operated freely. Ibe the course oF the r'eek b.,eas :from l,ondon anfdoter.i,ge tows.- 1ive wisited the ae. Borues, and takemagood bulk of clcth. .etbgether, stocks being within a rensoathle compa fthe oondition of the woollen trdeaisiriT jand pro Ikamis --*There is hochange in the-wooltrae.- The local brokers slitethatpriceslrelw d for bothoethingendncomeiywools. At the Yorlc wool fair on Thisraday neatry 500 aheets of NewvEnglish wool-wrere offered,bnt-the'wliole were not sold. Prices *ere,~for the, beet froms 14B. t4 ls. pert 1441b., an& fornmoor wool-from Se. Sd- to 9s. Sd, Yhs wrorsted trae at BCradford and Balifax has rmined atedy, hut- not active. 'The business doing is rather belowr a full average -at thxi, period of the year. -The p rices ol worsted -and yarns~ show a slightly-downwrird tendency. - -BI0-N, Iuy 26. Thishas been rather a q eiecuswet VEk The tendelncy of prices has beerif downwaerds. -The-'atie;l gand proveseo l markets aotIe igthaccors-uodatinz -Thehs:les to. Ni inl cr'osint stoc; and-ala ck dema nd., The Criaston xeceeipts for the wreeak wrera -20,6561., agint 19,876. las *ek 2hea atockand share haves~Se ipreaeu. ~io great vaation - ' - ' -'':- - BLFAST,,JuLY 25. N-Tbep.Trodntiorn'o[linin i vey active, ba ths aleof goods remilar limited -Yanlav--hwe .xpe'uonced a far demad. Tine iweft save fould' niore lmyers, and warpyarn' of topd mlitycf-pinnugndmedium nuimbers, eliastinmproved y.n ea.- - -r c - - I.' ^Flax,-Flaxinikeh 4.venene nlC reptto*elatsvetb tbiagtowigcrg p -beimg aSbt and itinedahim giveft confidenceto holders. -' d-aeathd fldxa tu -rom-;5s. GdL 7s 6.; danaPledfn to lL.eratone of lblb. 3 bCTON- etbr. -demand .fcr eeto,u geod maz y he noted, eq*ol iielr-r} tI:iuw ys~eFaiheady eambric used in thie aau faar eEfofwainga- FinishedI mnaid; d~ sill dudlol cC ,e lmasnua.f the American nerketsinngits tone tothe homne trade lliyers foDtht usz6SiPn6?4@ uIbXw tP?4QPk
LONJDON, MONDAY, JULY 28, 1856. The House of Lords met for a short time on Saturday. The Commons' amendments to the Bishops of Iondon and Durham Resignation Bill were considered, and agreed to. Some other business was also despatched, and their Lordships adjourned. In the House of Commons, Mr. GLADSTO=E, in moving for copies of any correspondence relating to the recent announcement by the Govermment of their intention to discontinue an allowance heretofore made to the Bishops of the' Episcopal CommLnion in Scotland, called attention to this subject and to the legal disabilities, not applicable to the ministers of any other religious denomination in this country, to which the said Bishops and clergy are subjected, in common with the episcopal clergy of the Inited States of America. To the abandonment of the grant on principle, he did not, he said, make any objection; but he vwished to bring before the House and the Government the ectraordinary state of the law v,ith reference to the Bishops and clergy of that communion, which, in his opinion, was at variance with the principles of toleration and with the spnrit of modern legislation, and which called for the early intervention of Parliament. The motion was seconded by a fr. BIACE, who, objecting to this grant upon principle, thought it a hard measure to single out one communion After some remarks by Mr. PELLAI and Mfr. Duv-cA.?, The CAnvcE.Ixu.o} of the EnicnsQurn: adm'itted. that he could not see any reasonable g,round for this disqualification, which existed under an act of Parliamient, and must be removed by the same authority. He stated the reasons why this small biennial grant had been excluded from the Civil Contingencie3. The motion was agoreed to, and after some other business th e HIouse adjourned at 10 minutes to 2 o'clock.
The task undertalcen by MIr. DssrAEr on Friday nighnt, always easy and agreeable, is this year rather easier than usual. No Parliament ever did accomplish half what it intended in a session, so numerous are the impediments which party, or the material itself, offers to legislation. This year there have been two great hindrances-the first, the protracted continuance of the war; the second, the almost sudden cessation of it. That the prosecution of war is too engrossing an affair to be compatible with steady progress, legislative reform, and such peaceful occupations, is familiar to all whose memory goes back more than 40 years. MIr. DISnIAx, however, would have us believe that immediately on the signing of the Treaty of Paris it was to be expected that Parliament would shelve the whole concern, and transfer its interest from the siege of Sebastopol to the affairs of everyday life, as heartily as a Whitsun mob passes from the last scene of Ramlet to the firt of a pantomime. The truth is, that since the happy conclusion of the war the British public kas been all of a flutter, alid imable to apply it8s faculties to anything requiring a sustained attention. On a similar occasion the Roman lyrist, himself something of a soedier, invited his countrymen to-diink and to dance,. and wrote as if the soil itself, delivered from imminent nvasion, beat ime to his song. Certainly the pulse of the. British nationhas been very quick and lght for these three months, and but for a few surviving disagreeables, and the blow to our_ pride across the Atlantic, f we should - hardly have settled to anything feven by this time. in such a mood it is easier to. criticize measures than to work them rinto shape, or to invent a substitute. The' Parlianmentary Opposition, therefore, has thus far had the advantage. Goverment, however, has had the real gain. It has been enabled to bear slight reverses, not only without damage,; but even with a show of graceful concession. Had the House of Comnons been in a mood for work, there would have been important measures and Ministerial questions. We might have had that now forgotten nuisance-debates a week long and running into the next. There would have been splendid set speeches, with exordiums and perorations, histories and statistics. We need not say who would have come out very great on these occasions. There wolild, perhaps, have been close divisions in full Houses, and perhaps, also, some useful additions to the Statute-book. But neither Parliament nor the public has been in a frame of mind for duties of the heavier class. It has taken a holyday, and worked as if it were amusing itself. Measurez have been introduced and dropped without a cause. Perhaps it ought to have been otherwise, but Parliament, like all other living things, obeys instincts of its own; and it has done so. in this instance. It may be doubted, indeed, whether the best possible measure on any subject important enough to raise opinions could have passed this session. The attempt would have been like setting beefsteals before a feverish patient whose soul abhorred solid food. Even such measures as have been brought into Parliament can hardly be said to have been treated with the gravity they deserved,-so much so that any one might hereafter apologize for their failure by observing that it was in the year of the pacification. It would not have been wise to introduce at such a time such a measure as one for Parliamentary Reform or for the simplification of our statute law; for, had Lord PA=zsroN possessed the greatest powers of legislation, he would have found himself baffled by the general incapacity for serious exertion. Happily, there kas been no waste of legislative power. We have not had a Premier thrown away on an idle session. Gifted with a rapid intuition, incessant nigilance, marvellous tact, and unsurpassed powers of debate, Lord PAL=RRSToN has been the man for the crisis. He at least has been the right man in the right place; and, had he been a man of more constructive powers -a maan to turn the tide of legislation, and embody a principle in law-he woould have wasted his powers, very probably broken up his Government and his party, and sent the representatives back to their constituents. Whhen, as it seems to us, this is the obvious account of the session and of the man, MIr. DIsRAm must have been hard taxed to draw from such materials any grand conclusion or recondite political doctrine. Yet he most ingeniously labours to establish some points which, could they only be established, would be exceedingly convenient to himself and his friends. From the fact of some half-dozen measures having been withdrawn,-no very uncommon disaster,he argues that Lord PkarxsTs-rox does not really command a majority of the House. It is the effect, he says, not the cause, of this want of influence that the measures themselves are not properly matured. Then he observes, that at least in his foreign politics, if not equally in domestic, Lord PArMEBSTON is a Conservative. " Is it true, then," Mr. DISRAELI triumphantly asks, "that there are no " longer parties, and that Conservatism is extinct i" When something very grand is to be built on a very inadequate basis we expect to have the imagination satisfied rather than the reason, and reason certainly refuses to draw from tbis session the lesson that parties are more distinct and vigorous than ever, or that Conservatism flourishes; still less that the Liberal party is on the point of being thrown back 50 years. For our part, we can draw no very important conclusions from the session one way or another; nor is it at all necessary. One such session there must be, but we trust there wir not soon be another, unless we go to war with a more serious foe than Russia, and get out of it as easily and as well. Following the example of the Chelsea Commission, we are inclined to whitewash all parties, by distributing the blame as equally as possible, or throwing it upon circumstances. In answer to Mr. DisrAMi we reply, in the phraseology of the Treasury Bench, that it is not our intention to take any further proceedings on the review of the session. Indeed, Mr. Drsr.&zeLx does not seem to be aware that his depreciatory argunients apply with equal force to all parties and the whole of the House, not to say the British p?op!e. If Lord PALmsR5Tow could not command a majority, why did not somebody present himself who could? If his measures were not properly elaborated and matured, why did not somebody improve the occasion to bring in such measures, which used to be the way by which great statesmen ascended to power ? If Lord'. PAM sroN obtained the toleration of both sides by borrowing the policy of one and relying on the confidence of the other, why did not some one, rather earlier than the 25th of July, restore the policy to its lawful owners, and give the confidence a better object? If Government was idle, was not that the much-desired occasion for more active spirits to rush into the arena ? When a Government does nothing Government is in fault. When a Parliament does nothing Parliament itself is to blame. Grant that Lord PI7ALXPSTox has not pressed his measures, w.hat need had he to press them when Parliament was quite content to do without measures at all? Mr. DisnAI himself intimates that the Ministerial policy, small and undefined as it may be, is nevertheless Conservative. This would seem to argue that Conservatism consists in doing as little as possible, and that the tolerance of * such a policy for one session threatens serious evils to the Liberal party. Mr. DisRALf S censures, therefore, recoil on his own head and the heads of his friends, and the worst thing he can say of Lord PAx.MRsTON is, that he has borrowed for this session their own do-nothing tactics. Whatever the inference to be extracted from the sesion, that is the only legitimate inference from Mr. DISRAErfs review of it; and it follows that if that gentleman and his friends are ever again to occupy the Treasury Bench, it must he by a more distinct, positive, and energetic policy than they have hitherto displayed.
Before Parliament rises there is one publication to which we would gladly call the attention of all our readers, and when we add that it is a Parliamentary paper presented by the -QuxaN's command to both Houses we shall stand acquitted of any tendency to extol it from interested motives. This " Paper" contains the names of the non-comnissioned officers and soldiers who have been selected for recommendation to the E1mperor of the FFnrxcH to receive the French militarf war medal. As Mlany persons as desire to mitigate the feelings of disgust- which they must have felt on perusing the proceedings of the Chelsea Board would jdo well to: turn- to this. proud bead-roll of heroic achievement. Here we have the names of the men who did the work 'while, in tbo many inatances, the xo-called leaders looked on and left the army to its fate. Nor must it be -taken as Iany reflection upbn the conduct and courage of the many thousands of gaUant aoldiers -whose names are necessarily unmentioned in a xecord- of this lind. The praise of distinpguished valour could oniy be assigned to those who had conspicuous opportu. nity for its display. It was impossible tolay before the French Government the names of all the individuals in a regiment who Ima have distinguished themselves by peculiar gallantry in the field a r by extraordinary endurance under the extremities of human suffering. These fDw words. we. write lest there should be any soreness - of feeling among the many stout soldiers whose deserts were great, but for whose names no place could here be found. We should add that these are the names of the living-not of the dead. There is no French medal for the men who toiled up the hill at the Alma, for those who saved the allied armies from destruction upon the terrible day of Irikermann, and then succumbed. They sleep in their Russiani graves. Of the living we wiU now give a few names-we can do no more, for they occupy 34 closely printed pages of a Parliamentary paper. Sergeant SsTH BOND, of the 11th Hussars, served in the Bulgarian campaign of 1854. He bore his part in the affair of Boulganak and in the battles of the Ahna, Balaklava, and Inkrrmann-that is to say, in all the principal actions in which a cavalry soldier could bear a part throughout the war. "At the Alma, when ordered to plursue and cap"ture prisoners, he exhibited great smbordination in sparing (at the suggestion of a Staff officer) a "Russian who had wounded him; and also at the "action of Balaklava his coolness and gallantry "were noticed." Might not Colonel PEEL have found a better word than " subordination" to characterize such an action I A man who could so conduct himself was not likely to act inhumanly even to an enemy who had wounded him. Sergeant SETHC BonT, of the 11th Hussars, served in the whole of the campaign from 1854 to 1856. Driver ROBsErT SMEkrTON, R.H.A., was present at the battles of theAlma, Balaklava, Inkcermann, the Tehernaya, and throughout the siege of SebastopoL "On the 25th of September, 1854, this man "gallantly jumped into the river Belbek, and suc"ceeded in saving the life of a French soldier, who "would have been drowned but for the timely "assistance rendered by Diiver Sm7AToN." Here is a pretty little incident of Gunner and Driver JOHN urARDLE, of the same regiment :-" On "the 18th of June, during the storming of "the Redan, Gunner GLAss left the advanced "trenches of the right attack with a few men, "and advanced towards the Redan. On getting "about halfway he was badly wounded in three places. Gunner MA-RD= crept out of the "trenches on his hands and knees, managed to 'get Gunner GAsss on his back, and broug,ht him " back into the trenches." Bombardier A-Gcus STrrHzRLAD in the first bombardment of Sebastopol was severely wounded in both legs by the bursting of a shell. This untoward incident, however, does not seem to have slackened the zeal of the gaUant Bombardier. We find him serving again in the April and subsequent bombardments. " At the explosion of the French gun-park ho was " one of the first men to volunteer to carry away " a number of live shells and careases." This article should consist of extracts, and yet so uniform is this record of courage and devotion that we are utterly at a loss to establish any principle of selection. We find that Colour-Sergeant CHARLES SARGEANT, of the Grenadier Guards, embarked with the battalion in February, 1854, and served throughout the whole campaign without intermission. No urgent private affairs claimed the presence of the worthy Colour-Sergeant in England. He served at the battles of the Aima, Balaklava, and Inkermain, where he was wounded; and was present throughout the siege and at the capture of Sebastopol. This is to say a good deal in a very few words. We earnestly trust this brave soldier has returned in health and strength to England, and is at this moment resting happily from the toils of war. Privates PHrP; BALLS and CHARLES Turx joined the fist battalion of Coldstreams in Turkey in July, 1854. They were actually engaged at the Alma and Inkermann, " and did duty in the trenches without "C any intermission throughout the siege." Corporal JOSEPH COuLTER, of the Seots Fusileer Guards, " particularly distinguished himself at the "Alma, continuing to fire on the enemy after "being severely wounded." Corporal HORSFATL, and Privates DANIEL MosiA and JAE.s CoLvsn., of the 1st (Royal) Regiment, are recommended, for continual faithful service in the trenches during the whole of the siege operations. Corporal JoHN CLARnSON, of the 4th (King's Own) Regiment, was at head-quarters during the whole of the Eastern campaign, " zealous and active in the performance " of his duties in the trenches; twice wounded, "-viz., on the 14th of April and 22d of June, " 1855." A short note tells us that ColourSergeant JOHN WATTS, of the 7th (Royal Fusileers) Regiment, landed in the Crimea on the 14th of September withhis regiment, and remained with it until the war was at an end. Here is a note of this brave soldier's achievements :-C Was engaged at the "Alma, and brought the company out of action; "engaged w ith thle enemy on the 26th of October, 1854, also at Inkermann on the 5th of "November, 1834, and brought the company out " of action ; at the taling of the Quarries and "both the assaults on the Redan; ieer ebstnt "from his regiment." We can only regret that considerations of space forbid us to extract more names and notes from this glorious record. This Parlianientary document is as interesting as any novel or romance, and has the merit, moreover, of containing simple truth. It is highly desirable that every publicity should be given to it, in order that the brave men whose names are mentioned, and whose aclievements are so briefly summed up in it, should feel that the remembranoe of their deeds will not perish from the memory of their countrymen. In remarks of this kind we can do nothing mnore than take the regiments in order as they are set down, and pick a name or two from each, not as being the names of the most distinguished where the services of all are so eminent, but in order to call public attention to the existence of the list. The publication of such a list may be the beginning of a better system. We admit that it is fair and reasoanable that everv soldier actually engaged in a victorious conflict with the enemy should receive some mark of his presence in the conflict. Nothing, however, would excite greater emulation among the soldiers than the knowledge that those among them who showed themselves most conspicuous for courage and fortitude would also be most distinguished by the admiration of their country.
A report has been recently published on the pathology of the diseas of the army of the East which affords another instance of the accuracy with which every detail of this war has been recorded. In spite of military histories, in spite of despatches written by the greatest modem generals, it cannot Nb said that we know much of the camp life of the armies which foughtdduring tho 20. years succeeding the French Revolution. HIow they lived, how they were quartered, in what proportion they succumbed to the various forms of disease are, notwithstandig the recnitniess of the period, veryim- perfectly understood. Buat after the great mortality of the first winter in the Crimea it seezs to have been determinied to procure accurate scientific informatioa on the state of the amy awed on the measures necessary then and for the future for preserving its 7health. Dr. LYoxs; the phyiician to whom. the inwuirywas intrusted. received 'his instuctio only. at the end of April, 1855, a-,d the examination does not, therefore, extend to tihe worst forms cf disease at the time of deepest depression. But the results are singularly valuable, for they apply not ony to the Crimean army, but, Ai founded on just reasoning, must be a guide to the military authorities in any future campaigns. The British army suffered fearfullv from dysentery, which assumed at length a scorbutic type. The question arises, what were- the causes which produced so -violent a form of sickness in so fine an army 1 The Crimea, it is stated, has by no means an unhealthy climate. There are sudden changes of temperatiure, but no marsh land or excessive vegetation exists, and some kinds of diseaso usually found in an army were absent. 37ut the soldier was ill-clothed, ill-fed, and ill-housed during the winter months, while exposed to harassing and excessive duties. These things were the direct cause of disease, but the report attributes much to the physical character of the men themselves. Among the predisposing causes of sickness may be counted, it is said, the youth and immature condition of a great par' of the army. Now, we cannot at all admit, with the Commissioner, that the mortality of the winter was caused by any such general immaturity. In fact, the army was by no means a very young army until after the gaps made by fighting and disease were filled up by hastily levied recruits from home. However, at the time the Commissioner was in the East no doubt a large proportion of those in hospital were mere boys, and the observations in the report are therefore important. Such youths as were despatched to the East have, it is said, less pover of resistance to morbid influences than older men; putting aside the question of mere bodily strength, it is established that they succumb more readily under fever or bowel conmplaint, and that if they recover their convalescence is slow, constantly attended with a disposition to relapse. When, too, theymay be considered cured their recovery is so isa perfect that they cannot be for a long period, if ever, sound and effective men. Of course, in such cases the hospitals are over-burdened, the army weakened, and the means of transport taxed far more than if the age of the men protected them from this constitutional debility. It is generally found that youth gives a greater chance of a sucsessful issue in surgical operations, but no such favourable results attended the generality of cases in the Crimea. The young soldiers were more easily acted on by the influences which surrounded them, and experience proved that fatal results attended operations in their cases in a greater degree than in those of older men. Towards the end of the campaign the proportion of young men was very large, and of those who were brought into hospital on the 8th of September a fourth were only 20 years old or under. Another class of men ill-fitted for a military life are the *ecruits gathered at a somewhat advanced age fiom the large towns. These, who have passed 25 or 30 years of life in the close streets and impure atmosphere of a manufacturing or seaport tow-n, are generally found to have passed the meridian of their physical development. The testimony of the medical officers is unanimous that such men are early and constant applicants for admission into hospital. The effects of a campaiggn on the appearance of the soldiers is strikingly described in the report, and causes us to understand how those whom youth or social antecedents may have rendered unsuitable should have so early sun-k under the toils of the siege. Some of these offects wvere visible to the eye. A mark,ed characteristic of the Crimean soldier was a premature appearance of age. The veteran of 40 would be readily taken by the inexperienced for the old man of 60 and 65 ; the youth of 20 to 22 wore the settled aspect of 35 to 40. With the haggard features of disease, especially that of a chronic kind, these appearances became still more exaggerated. often to a most marked degree. TLe principle that the Commissioner has drawn from these facts is of the highest importance. He takes it as proved that English soldiers sent on active service against the enemy ought to have arrived at Derfect manhood. Yet he is against recniiting among men of a certain age, particularly those who have led an unhealthy and profligate life in great tovwns. He advises early enlistment and a system of training. The recruit should be drilled at home, and prepared for a soldier's life by '; a "suitable rotation in the selection of foreign "stations." A judicious plan of " cross draught"ing" would, it is thought, enable the young Eoldiers of a regiment ordered to the seat of war to be replaced by older and more vigorous men from another regriment not on foreign service. The report fixes the age of 21 as the earliest at which an English sol(dier should be sent to any seat of actual war. Some singular facts are mentioned in connexion with the surgical operations practised in the various hospitals. " A tolerance of the effects of injury "and of the greater surgical operations has been "observed among the Russian prisoners, both in "the French and English hospitals, far superior "to that exhibited by the wounded among the "allied troops, with the exception perhaps of the "Sardinians." Our men, though stalwart and healthy-looking, werefound too soft andinflated for a safe endurance of wounds or the surgeon's knife. The report refers to a fact which it will be remembered was warmly contradicted. " It was with regret,' says Dr. LYO-Ns, " that I noticed subsequently "to the month of MIay that the increased failities "for procuring malt and other intoxicating liquors "became a means of great and general abuse."The report condemns the issue of porter as a ration, even in moderate quantities, and states that immoderately used, as it often was, the consequence was "an infiation' of the system and a "plethoric state not consistent with firm and "vigorous health." The document, as a whole,. oonfirms many of the views that have been taken by former observers of the condition of our army, and will, no doubt, furnish valuable suggestions for the conduct of any future campaign.
* COURT CIRBCULAR. OSBORNE, JUL,Y 2~. The Queen and Prince, the Prince and Priness. of Prussia, the Princes Royal, Prinoess Alice, Prince Arthur, anrd Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar crnised in the R4ya1 yacht Victoria and Albert yesterday. Lord and lady Downes had the honour of dining iith Her Majesty. PrinceEdward of Saxe Weimar leftOsborne this morning. JuLY 27. The Queen and Prince drove to West Cowes yesterday with the Prince and Princess of Prussia. The Prince of Wales rode on horsebhak Sir Thomas Fremantle, Chainnan of the Cuwtoms, had at interview with the Chancellor of the Excbequer on Satur. day At his official residence in Downing-street. The Judicial Comnmitte of the Privy Council mnet on Saturday in the Council Chamber. Present-The Lords Justiees Xni"ht Bruce and Tarner, and Sir E. Ryan. Judgmenet w.as given by the Lord Justice Xnight Braee orc ea appeal from Bengaal, lunoomanpershd Paday vs Mbumaj lXoonwere." Despatches from the Govermors of Canada and the other NSorib Aue-ican provinces wer eevdytrd tth Colonial-offize. _ e reevd-etraya . SovTuIPros Jiily 26.-The Prince and Piine.5 of Prussia, the'r daughter, the Princess Luuisa, nd attendants, intend proceedi nufrom -Her Ma3es-Ws residence t OsbornetoiBcrl n ric Senthampion on Tueday lleit. The Royal party ill e landed at the docks from the Roy yaI ht aiy, Hon.C ytaL n Ddninsn where theEoyalStateari will be in resdi,bs tv reccive themn.
FRANCE A1D SPATN The Afronfiteur of yesterday publshes the following article on the recent events in Spain "W e have watched with interest the receiit events in Spain, and we bave approved them -to a certain extent, as we fancied we discovered therein a favourable chance for establishing the .,onstitutional Government on a firm basis; for France, which repre euts in Enrope the ideas of U' 89, can entertain no othec wish than that of beholdmig a neignbouring State, m whose prosperit she takes a deep interest, avoid anarchy or despotism -those two shoals so dangerous to progress and liberty; and, as the Espartero Mlinistry did not seem to possess either the power to prevent excesses or the requisite energy to) lead a great country, it is natural to hail with svmpathy a change of a nature to consolidate the tlrone of Isabella II. "Some foreign journals, blinded by their unwarranted preference for a name, have called a cou d'etat thatwvhich was simply a resignation of Miis ters, accepted purely and sinpiy by the Queen after reiteratedrefusals. If theresignation had been that of O':Oonnell they wrould have found it perfectly constitutional Party spirit should never misrepresent things to such an extent, and thereby endeavour to mislead public opinion. " The condition of Spain had been deplorable for two years; that great country, for so long a timo the arbiter of Europe, whose alliance but recently was eagerly sought for, had sunk into insignificance. It had neither fiFances, nor army, nor commerce, nor administration, nor influence abroad. In this difficult position ambitious men, instead of endeavouring to give strength to what existed. attempted to overthrow it, either by flattering the passions of the mob or by atte mpting to realize dangerous utopias. The disorders which have agitated Spain for the lastD few years must be attributed to the fatal idea of certain Ministers, four years since, to make a coup d'etat, when Spain was tranquil and prosperous, and when there was no cogent reason to urge them to make a sudden change in the laws of the kingdom. "C For a cotp d'tat to be legitimate in the eyes of posterity it must be justifiedby a supremenecessity, and be regarded by all men as the sole means of saving the country. " WVe know those who dreamt of cwutps d'tat not with a view to modify some institutions, bat to subvert the throne or change the dynasty, either by uniting Portuggal to Spain under the House of Braganza or by establishing a reaency. We therefore give credit (nou'ts li sairons ygre) to Mlarshal O'Donnell for having attempted, seithouft a coup ditaf, to restore order in Spain, the first and indispensable basis of li'oerty. We give him due credit for having during the first moment of anarchy dovoted all his care to the reform of the Spanish army, as well in a moral as in a material point of view; for it did not suffice to reform battalions and squadrons-it was essentinly necessary to give to soldiers who are as brave as they are capable of great things the only mainsprings for the maintenance of an army, duty and fidelity to the Sovereign, and discipline. "L Let us hope, then, that the recent changes will put anl end to those coU7vs d'tet and to those baneful proniumiarnientos, for it is our sincere desire that Spain, which contains so many elements of strength and prosperity, should resume, in the midst of quiet, the rank which is her due, instead of descending to the level of certain Bepublics of South America, where neither patriotism,,nor civic virtues, nor high principle are to be found, but only a few; Generals who dispute t he power with the help of soldier:s led astray by empty promises." The Moniteur publishes the following items of intelligence: " PERPI'GAN, JuLY 26. " The Prefect of the Eastern Pyrenees has sent the following desp3tch to his Excellency the Minister for Foreign "' The events in Catalonia continue to be more and more favourablo to the cause of the Queen. The revolutionary junta of Gerona is dissolved, consequent, it is said, on the arrival of the troops of Rcfas. General Ruiz has fled to Francs, as weeU as the Deputy Henriquez Clement, one of the leaders of the insurection. Discouragement and disorganiz%tion were making rapid progress in the ranks of the insurgnt militia." " ST. SEBASTIN, JuLY 26. " The French Consul has sent the following despatch to his Excellency the Minister for Foreign Affairs:- " ' General Echague is stiU at Alagon, near Saragossa. He has established a telegraph-office, and communicates with -r The insurgents of Saragossa have demanded a suspension of hostilities for five days; it has been granted Brigadier Smid has waited upon General Echague. 3o 's to bring over some of the troops desirous of submitting. " ' Great discouragement pravails at Saragossa. Tha3 tmth is beginning to make itself known. These advices ara of the 25th. To-dav, the 26th, the General informs me of the surrender of Jaca. The garrison has been relieved and the Governor changed.' " Other advices reeived at Paris announce the arrival of General Dulce before Saragossa." " The Emperor bas just ordered Prince Louis Lucien Bonaparte, who was in Spain, to return to France."
AUSTRALIA. |(BY ELECTra-CTEILEGRAFTE. The Oliver Ig has arrived with advices fromn Melbourne to the 2d of May and 60,000oz. of gold- The Royal Charter was tG leave on the 22d of Mfay. For the month the immigration was 216, the emnigration 1,190, leaving a balance against the colony of 974. The Herald says -- -itlh the exception of an election dmcuek on the BIal. larat goldfields progress and good order are still the prevalent features at all the gold districts. The eacort returns, given below, show that the increase that mroked the commencement of the yeir is well snpported, one iweek onlyshowing a faling off owing to unusuallvheasyrains and tempestuous weather. Compring the qurter ended on the 31st of March, 1855 and 1856 respectively, we find thst the shipments in the former period were 497,294oz., and for the latter747,241oz. Mfr. :Brache, of the Mineralogical school of I'rssiza had published the result of an inquirly asto the quality an,d extent of the goldfields in, Caif ornia and Aul,stralia, with both of which he is acquain,ted. He considers " the Victoria goldfields at least twi,ce as rich as those at CaliforniaL, and stil more inexhhaustible." The working classes had organized aan eight hours' system, of labour. By Mackay, Baines, and Co.'s circular we learn that the Melbourne markets remain sl teady, With little change in prices. A Cabinet Council -was held on Sq rdayt thlo 1oreigTA-omce, Dowiing-sfr6t. It ws'hattended by Viscount Palmherston, the 'Lord Ohi ellor; the uaquis of downe,-the:Earl of liarrowby, Sir'' eorge Grey; the Er of Cliieid5 -ra.G $ecretary; bouchere, Lord Fac,muie, teCh&ncel1,dr Of the Erchequer, Charles W6d& te Right Hon. R. Yerlon Smith, lLoM Stai1-oE AX,erley, and thie 'Righton. a Biis. The Council ist..wo hours Nd a-hrs1f. ' - I
Ii'OREIGN INTXLL1GJNcx. ThRANCE. (F.Om Om OWN COR -) (A .potion of the fof'loving appeamed ia oursecond edition a stl -- PARIS, FnmAy, JuLY 25, 6 P.M. I have alreadv informed you of the approaching forxnationl of ai army of observation of 25,000 men ion the line of the Pyrenees, and of the despatch of three brigades out of the two divisions destined to cOmpose it. To-day's papers speak of further movemaents of troops, and say that three divisions of the armyof Paris are to go to the south, and to beireplaced by those from, the army of the north. All this is very likely to give rise to reports of intended or ?robable armed intervention in Spain, but of this I have good groundafor believing that there is not the. least prospect, either at present or in the event of Occurrences even more importan' than those we have 3ustwitnessed. Otherreasons, far short of an intention to interfere militarily in a country which bas once already proved so fatal to the Bonaparte dynasty, maay suffice to explain the collection of a military force on the southern frontier. It may be thought no; unadvisable thus to hold out the menace of intervention to certain parties in Spain, which it may contribute to keep in check, but several reasons Concur to forbid anything more than the threat. It is believed that Napoleon lIL. fully recognizes, and has resolved to profit by, the mistakes of Napoleon I., and, if so, he will scrupulously abstain from the employment of force in the Iberian Peninsula. lIe could not be expected to view with pleasure the establishment of a democratic Government, but we must remaember how cordially he recognized the very liberal system introduceed by the revoluticn of 1854 (when he expressed to Espartero his great gratification at seeing his old acquaintance and fellow-exile at the bead of affairs), and how frank and amicable his relations with that Cabinet always were; and we are justified in believing that his policy is identical with that which England now professes, and which she perhaps would have done well to adopt 25 years sconer-namely, to leave Spaninrts to fight out their own quarrels, and settle their own affairs. Supposing that to-morrow the Liberals were to get the upper hand, and, dragged on by the democratic element and by a violent reaction produced by the recent bloody contests and unsparing slaughter in Madrid and Barcelona further than they intended, and that the Queen's throne were to be imperiUled, even in such a case it is difficult to imagine the Emperor interfering to keep a Bourbon on the throne of Spain, In short, there is no good reason to think that France would assist any one of the parties whose dissensions have so long rent Spain. But there are reasons for believing that the French Government has not recently been well served by its representative at Madrid, who appears to have krept it but imnperfectly informed as to the real state of feeling in that capital and in Spain generally. We wilU not suppose that x. Turgot was not 1imnself deceived when he led the Cabinet of the Tuileries to believe that O'Donnell's pres'ige and popularity were great, and that he was the man to establish a strong and durable system, and effectually to repress subversive manceuvres. Without dwelling on this, there are grounds for believing that the iEmperor is not altogether pleased with the attitude adopted by M. Turgot during the recent crisis at MIadrid. It is thought he made himself rather too prominent in his sympathies with the O'Donnell party. He is about to leave for the baths of Dax, near Bayonne, and this has been taken as an indication of his havig incurred displeasure in a high quarter, but he has been in the habit of visiting those baths to seek relief for the injury to his leg received in his duel with M. Pierre Soule. The news contained in this morning's Moniteur, that General Falcon is at the head of 16,000 men, and that a large body of peasants and National Guards were on the march to join him, is decidedly important, although it is believed that but a small portion of his command consists of regular troops. 'She silence of the Government with respect to various provinces, and the prohibition to the public of telegraphic communications, are considered very suspicious symptoms. We learn to-day that Figueras and Oviedo have pronounced against the linistry of O'Donnell; letters from Madrid affirm that Corunna lis done the same, and there is a report of a pro%unciamito at Carthagena, but this last appears doubtful. I is still the opinion of many that O'Donnell will subdue the resistance in Arragon and elsewhere, and triumph for the moment, although none believe that his lease of power will be long. The Government may be considered as already doomed that has attained its position only after crushing by sheer brute force of cannon and mnusketry the most energetic resistance on the part of the three most important cities (politically speaking) in all Spain. We have yet to see what Saragossa will do, and whether, as some of O'Donnell's organs predict, it will yield without firing a shot; but, as regards Mladrid and Barcelona, we niow know that their inhabitants made a most gallant and even desperate resistance. Letters have been received here from officers who took part in the struggle in Madrid, and who speak in the highest terms of the intrepidity of their opponents, saying, that had they had proper leaders, and a general of experience at their head, they certainly would not have been vanquished. The other intelligence received to-day from Mladrid does little more than confirm anticipations and information I have already communicated. Already, it is said, dissensions have commenced between the Courtand the Ministry, the Queen wishing to stopthede,arwrtizaion, and being, as might be expected, opposed to the reorganization of the National Guard, whereas the Ministry has pledged itself to the latter, and M. Cantero's circular announces that the former shall be continued. There were rumours already of a Ministerial crisis in the sense of further reaction. Tnis is to be expected, although the ieport may be premature. Meanwhile the rush of placehnnters is said to be so prodigious that, to satisfy them, every Progresista employi would have to be dismissed. In 1854, immediately after the revolution, a number of persons who had previously been looked upon as Polacos, or at least as Moderados, suddenly came out in the character of flaming Liberals and ardent Esparterists, tried to persuade the world thaw. they had never been anything else, and put in nablushing claims to rewards for their many sacrifices in the good ca-use. The same seems to be the case in 1856, and one meets with the names of men who were red-hot supporters of the last revolution, but who are now equally ardent adherents of the coup d'&a. The soidisant Marquis of Tabuerniga, who has professed himself of all parties, and betrayed them all in turn, and who contrived to get himself named member of the Provisional Government of 1854, is spoken of as Under Secretary of State for the Interior, an appointment -which will do little honour to the new M.inistry. Don Bernardo Iglesias-in 1854 an assiduous courtier of Espartero, and who edited for a while the deraocratic Europa, was reported, on the more strength of his reputation as a Liberal, to have pronounced at Valencia, of which city he is civil governor. but, instead of doing so, he published a proclamation enjoining order and threatening extreme measures, and doubtless his adhesion to the man he once furiously attacked will be rewarded at least by his continuance at his post. In Spain, on these occasions, the press always comes in for a large share of good things, and the editors of the Bpoca and Diario Espamol, well known organs of Concha, O'Donnell, Serrano, and others of that clique, are spoken of for important posts, in gratitude for which it is, perhaps, that the Diario has begonl to propagate scandalous tales concerning .spartero, saying that he was wandering behind the barricades during the contest, and walking with ll-fighters-ridiculous fabrications 'wbich of course none will credit, but which are the sort of dirt certain SDanish journals of the less respectable class are in the habib of casting at political adversaries, particularly when they are down. The accounts from Greece continue unsatisfactsory. Thiere is great excitement in Thessaly and Epirus among both Christians and Turks, and fresh outrages have been committed by the latter. The weakness of the Turkish authorities is great, and they are powerless to maintain order and prevent violence. In Crete 70 Turks, who were Christians before, and who allege that it was only on compulsion that they embraced Islanim. ism, have retuned to Christia-nity. This gave great scandal n and offience to ~ the Turks, and mn Their- exasperation they grievously maltreated Beveral Christians, beating some of them almost to death. From Yarna we lea=that the trial of Salik Pashaan-dhisaccomplices causesawonderfulsensation among the Turksw,ho canjnot get over their surprise at the novelty of the proceedings. The report of the last sitting of the special commission is very I curious. Mehemet Aga, the -Paaha's aide-de-amp, I brought ulp for examnination, displayed the most abject terror,: comnplaned bitterly oE his irons, and replied to the questions put.to him by a succession of the most ievident and contradictory falsehoods, which he did not scruple to support by the usual form of Tarkish oath, until at last, seemg that the Oouirt did not believe a wvord' he said, be began to cry, and ti-led to excite the compassion of his judges by informing them that he had four brothersinaatate of misery, and had had 15 years' service in the 3rmy. The examination continuing, he branched off into a host of idle details, and although it was clear that he knew 'the cruth, it was found impossible to extract it from him. Hussein, the Pasha's Intendant, a man of brut4al and repulsive physiognomy, was as cast down as his accomplice, and as prodigal of prevarication and lies; and Vacil, the cook, would have electrified a European audience by the coolness with which he related that, on arriving at a certain plate, he, Mustapha (the actual mucrderer), and Nedela (the victim) sat down, and that he made a cigarette for the girl, while Mustapha, taking a cord from his pocket, passed it round her neck, and strangled her. Mustapha, on the other hand, says that it was Yacil who carried the cord and made the noose. These subordinate wretches are, in one sense and according to Turkish notions, hardly accountable for the crune, for they would have considered themselves as committing a much graver offence had they refused to obey the commands of their superiors, even though these had extended to a dozen murders instead of one. The whole proceedings, which now extend to a considerable length, in this Oriental causc cl&bre, form a most curious illustration of Turkish manners and morals in the 19th oentury. The 6S%ht Public of -Lyons says- " an order from the Minister of War has directed certain infantry regiments of the army of Lyons, belonging to the Lafontaine division, to proceed to the frontiers of Spain. These regiments, which are first to go to Toulouse, are the 4th, 24th, 30th, and 92d of the Line. The 20th Foot Chassears, at present at Boulogne-sur-MIer, will join these troops at Toulouse, and the whole will then proceed by railway to Montpelier, effecting the rest of tneir journey on foot. The staff and 1st battalion of the 92d leave Lyons on the 2lth, and the other regiments will follow in regular order, one each day, until all have left. The two divisions in the north of France are to replace at Paris the division Grosbon, sent to the south, and the division Courtigis, sent to Lyons. The camps of Boulogne are about to be abandoned, and there will only rerain tho camp of Helfaut, near St. Omer, which is older than those of Boulogne, and appears more solidly constructedL" The following private telegraphic despatch has been received:- ' TRIESTE, JTuLy 25. "Accounta from Constantinople to the 18th state that a fire has destroyed two-thirds of the town of Thessalonica. " The Russians have occupied the Island of Serpents, the possession of which is claimed by Turkey by virtue of the treaty of peace. They hava refused to admit the English commissioners into Kars, declaring that they will not give up that for'ress until Turkey has been completely evacuatedby the allies. "A letter from Athens, of tho 19th, states that M Ommonduros, President of the Chamber of Deputies, has been named Minister of Finance." The fessager de Bayonne, of the 24th inst., thus sums up the intelligence received from Spain:- "A at Santander, on the 18th, an insurrectionary movement took placo when it became known that Espartero was no longer at the head of the Government. Four men lost t'neir lives in the co'lision between the troops and the insurgents. The population did not join in the movement,)and the combatants, few in number, meeting with no support, abandoned their project. Tranquillity has not been since disturbed. Bands of robbers, ever ready to commit depredations under a political pretext, have shown themselves on the Madrid road, near VaDadolid. The stage coach Del NWor!e, coming from Bayonne, has been robbed, anid its four best horses were carried away by the banditti. Two horses of the Mfadrid mail have been likewise taken by them. The BasqUe Provinces and 1Navarre are perfectly tranquiL We have received no accounts from Arragon. AUl we know is that every road leading to that province is covered with troops, infantry, cavalry, and artillery, marching on Saragossa. In Catalonia the designs of the factious were defeated by the firmness of General Zapatero and the loyalty of the troops under his orders. The Queen's cause completely triumphed in the collision with the insurgents. This morning the Consul of Spain at Bayonne received the following despatch:- " ' After a most sanguinary struggle, the loyal troops of the Queen came off victorious. Soine of the insurgents have sought refoge in the mountains. At Figueras an insur. rectionary movement has also occurred. A military force sufficient to restore order has been sent thither from Barcelona. At La Junquiera a revolt also broke out, which was speedily repressed.' "The insurrection at Saragossa might have had very serious consequences, had it been supported by that of Barce. lona. The Queen's Government havirg triumphed in this last city, the importance of the rising at Saragossa is considerably diminished, and there is every reason to hope that General Dulce will easily succeed in reducing the Arragonese insurgents." General Martimprey, Chief of the Staff of the French Army in the East, arrived at Marseilles on the 22d inst., and left immediately for Parms. Upwards of 3,000 men landed on the same day in that port, together with the principal part of Marshal Peissier's staff. A letter from Aix-les-Bains, in the Savoy Gazette, says:- "On the day after the arrival of Marshal Canrobert he was visited bv the Intendant Dupray, the Government Commissioner, the Municipality, and the Directors of the Casino. In the evening the Marshal honoured the Casino with his presence, where several officers of the cavalry regiment of Novara were presented to him. At night a serenade was given him by the band of that regiment. The court and gardens of the house where the Marshal has taken up his residence were illuminated, and a numerous crowd assembled. The Marshal came forward and thanked the people and tho officers for the welcome which he had received, and said that the Piedmonteze army had merited well of France and of Europe by shedding its blood in the same cause as the great allied nations. These remarks were received with loud cheers. The presence of Marshal Canrobert at Aix will give additional gclat to the f6tes which are in,preparation to celebrate the return of the Piedmontese troops from the Crimes, who are daily expected." The receipts of the Orleans Railway during the week ended on the 14th inst. were 1,230,566f., or 87,055f. more than during the corresponding -week of 1855. The gross receipts since the 1st of January amounted to 24,737,465f., being a difference in favour of 1855 of 792,169f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 75c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 75c.; and the New Loan at 70f. 5Dc.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1, 392f. 50c. Great Northern, 1,055f.; Strasburg, 941f. 25c. New Shares, 860f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,420f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,830f. ; Western of France, 960f.; Bordeaux and Cette. 777f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 702f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 800f.; Bank of Credit blobilier, 1,482£. 50c.; Austrian Railways, 863f. 75c. Cours Aut4Miqu&-P?ALs, July 25.-Cash PriomFour-and-a-Half per Cents. (no; reimbursable for 10 years), 94f. 93f. 75c. 5Oc. ; ditto second Loan of 1855 (65 per cent. paid), 94f.; dito Certificates (65 per cant. paid), 94f.- Four per Cents., 82f.; Three per Cents., 70f. 65c. Wc. 60c 50c.; ditto second Loan of 1i5o (65 per cent. pala), 70f. 55c. ditto Certificates (65 per cent. paid), 70f. 55c.; Bank of France, 4,050ff.; Cr5dit Fonder, 670f.; ditto Obligations of 50uff., FCour per Cents., 440f.;* ditto Three per Cent3., 390f.; Credit Mobilier, 1,480ff. 1,47?f. 50c. 1,480f. 1,4^2f. 5vc; Discornt Bank, 70vf.;* Piedmontese Five per Cents., 90f. 25c.; ditto T'jree per Cents., 56f.; Anstrian Five per C-ents., S 878 S87; RomarAs, S6, 4 86; Spanish Deferred Converted, 234; ditto Three per Cents., 44A ; ditto Interior Debt, 3814 38 371. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 2.5f 27Q, threo months, money, 25f. 2ic. PARIS, SATURDAY, JuLy 26 6 P. A telegraphic despatch of this date from Bayonne states that yesterday Brigadier Smith, of the Revolutionary Junta of Saragossa, passed over to General Echague, with his secretary, and said tnat some troops of the garrison were about to follow him. By the same channel we learn that two companies of the regiment of Saragossa had presented themselvesto General Dulce, andthat, commissioners from the insurgent Junta having requested a suspension of hostilities, five days' truce had been granted to them. This looks like a brealdng up of the forces of General Falcon. By way of Perpignan, and under date of the 24th inst., we have a confirmation of General Ruis's pronencimiento at Gerona, but a contradiction of the statement that the garrison had joined him. The other news from Catalonia is unimportant, but generally favourable' to the Government. It was reported that an understanding existed between the chiefs of the Carlist and Republican parties, but that their union had not been fully realizea. . I GeneraLLGurreai 'who has,just been deprived of; bis rank and honours by the O'Donnell GovernmIent, in the belief, it is supposed, that he 7was at Saragossa, is atate to. be near Vit;toria, and to abetain fom taig part inl a resistance whsich he.irobalbly, as one of long experience in Spanish. revolutions, sawr wsould be unavailing.. A letter from Barcelona of the 22a in the MoiUieur says.: " The insurrection has been completely put down at Bar. celona and Girona. The combat has been very sanguinary. Thearm9bas sufferedseverely, bat thelosses of the insurgents have been more considerable. The insurgents, being reinr foreed by the National Guard of the neighbourhood,. have dispersed themselves in the mount.ins. The municipality, having betrayed their trest, have been dismissed. The four alcaldes have been arrested. Rets also rose in insurrection, but victory remained with the Queen's troops. General Rui* commandant of Gerona, declared in favour of Espartero, but the garrison abandoned him. No accounts hare been received from Saragossa. Barcelona again breathes and tranquillity revives." A letter from Iran of the 24th in the Moniteur Says:- "The military commandant of Iron has received no official accounts from Saragossa. It, however, appears that General Echague has taken up a position near the capital of Arragon, but with a very small number of troops. Three bactalions are on theirmarch to reinforce him. There are, it is said, at Saragossa two battalions of infantry, a regiment of cavalry, and some artillery, under the orders of General Falcon, who has declared against the Government. These troops have been abandoned by the greater number of their officers, and act without knowing what they are doing. They believe in the success of the pronun. ciamiento of Barcelona and Valencia, and are ignorant of the decisive events which have taken place at Madrid. There are also at Saragossa some Coastguards and some com. panies of partisans composed of men without any ostensible means of livelihood, and a number of National Guards. The troops sent from Madrid agaist Saragossa have not yet arrived. Navarre and the Basque provinces are tranquiL Communication vwith Madrid by electric telegraph is still interrupted. Open letters are not allowed to be distributed at Saragossa." The Constitutionimd states that accounts from St. Sebastian of the 24th have been received in Paris affirming that General Dalce had arrived before Saragossa, and opened fire on the 23d. A letter from Bilboa says:- "' In the sitting of the 7th, on a proposition signed by al the representatives of towns and commranes, the Juntas enthuiastically declared the Princo Imperial, son of the Emperor of the French, to be a citizen of Biscay." The following private telegraphic despatches have been received:- "H HAMBURG, Juz.Y 25. "The Russian Government has just prohibited the expor. tation of rye, barley, and oats, from Finland." "THE HAGUE, JuLy 25. "The Dutch Government has prepared a plan for reduc. ing the navigation dues on the Rhine received in the Rhenish towns." The steamship Bretagne, bearing the flag of ViceAdmiral Trehouart, commander-in-chief of the Mediterranean squadron, arrived at Toulon on the 25th inst., coming from the Black Sea. The steam frigates Magellan, Eldorado, Christophe Colomb, and Labrador entered Toulon on the 24th and 25th inst. with troops on board, also comig from the Black Sea. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 85c. for the end of the month; the Four-and;a-Hlalf perCents. at 93f. 65c.; and theNewLoan at 70f. 90c. Orleans Railway Shares, ],395f.; Great Northern, 1,060f.; Strasburg, 940f.; New Shares, 860f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,420f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,830f.; Western of France, 962f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 780f.; Great Central of France, 707f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 805f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,537f. 50c.; Austrian Railways, 867f. 50c. Cours Avthrnsiqut.-PAr_R, July 26.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93f. 75c. ; Three per Cents., 70f. 75c. 50c. 80c. 85c. ; Bank of France, 4,050f. ; Credit Foncier, 670f. ; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents, 440f ; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 90f. - Credit Mobilier, 1,495f. 1,502f. 50c. 1,515f. 1,525f. 1,53Wf 1,535f. 1,537f. 50c. ; Discount Bank, 700f. 705f. 710f. 720f.; Piedamontese Five per Cents., 90f. 75c. 50c. 75c.; Austrian Five per Cents., 87A; Belgian Four-and-a. Half ner Cents., 984 ;*Neapolitans,112 Resnans S6i 86 Spanish Deferred Converted, 23&; ditto interior Debt, 374 3S 374. Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 64;- Exchange on Ltondon, at sight, money, 25f. 27fto.; three months, money, 2Sf. 2lc. SPAIN. Our accounts from Madrid are of the 20th inst. The Gazette announces that tranquillity prevailed at Avila on the 18th, at Corumna on the 16th, at Pon'evedra on the 15th, at Orense on the 15th, at Castellon on the 17th, at Cadiz on the 15th, at Ciudad Real on the 18th, at Huelva on the 15th, at Malaga on the 16th, at Seville on the 16th, at Burgos on the 18th, and in the Guipuzcoa on the 17th. The Eoca says:- " We have received satisfactory intelligence from the pro. vinces. The Captain-General of Valencia forwarded to-day a telegraphic despatch to the Government stating that the city was tranquil. The Commander-General of Teruel, with the garrison, had placed himself under his orders. At Alicant a movement was prevented by the garrison and the greater part of the militia. The Ayuntamiento and the Provincial Deputation wore dissolved on the 17th, for having declared, in conjunction with the Civil Governor, x. Norato, who had placed himself at their head, that they would only obey the orders issued by the National Assembly. Nothing new had occurred at Carthagena, Castellon de la Plana, and Morella. At Murcia order had been restored. Four companies of troops left Madrid to-day for Toledo, to assist the authorities in reorganizing the national militia. At C-uadalajara the mnilitia has been already reorganized. Last night the column of General Enrique O'Donnell ar. rived in that town, and resumed its march on Saragossa this rcorning. General Dulce will leave this evening for Arragon, although btill suffering from the severe contusion he received on Wednesday. Among the officers of his staff are Colonel Letona, who is attached to the Ministry of War, Lieutenant-Colonel Russell, M. Ustariz, and his private secretary, Captain Sanchez Brueba. A foroe of 10,000 men will be shortly assembled near Sa-agossa. We are inclined to believe that not a single shot wll be firedL A pronuncia. mi-ento also took place at Logrono, the militia of which no doubt was anxious to pay a last tribute to the idol overthrown in the conflict at Madrid. The event is of no importance, and it will be less so when the result of the insurrection in the capitalbecomes known. There were at the time orly 50reomaits of the regiment of Lusitania in the town. The Captain-General of Burgos was to have entered to-day the capital of Ia Rioja." The Queen and King visited on the 19th the soldiers of the army wounded in the insurrection at Madrid. We read in the Boa:- " We were invitea, with the representatives of the other journals of the capita], to an interview with the Civil Go. vernor of the province, and we had the pleasure to hoar SEL Alonso Martinez, with the amiability and politeness which characterize him, speak in kind and respectful terms of the press. The Governor said that he expected from the good sense and patriotism of the journalists that they would not give insertion in their publications to false and alarming reports, nor constitute themselves the apologists of dangerous doctrines, asotherwisethe Governmentwouldflnditself under the painful necessity of decreeing severe masures against the press, a course which would be contrary to its ideas of liberty and toleration. All the journals without exception continue to appear, and not one of their writers hss suffered the slightest annoyance. Was such a fact ever witnessed in Spain before?" The Bpoca also states that General San Miguel, after remaining by the side of the Queen in the hour of danger, had, through a feeling of delicacy, thought proper to tender to Her Majesty his resignation of the post of CommanIder-General of the Halberdiera. Unless the General insit the Queen will not accept his resignation. The new Ayuntamiento of Madrid met for the first time on the 19th. The Marquis do Turgot, Ambassador of France in Spain, was to leave in a few days for Dax. in his absence Count do Consnsinges Guitaut, first Secretary of the Embassy, was to act as ChargS d'Affaircs. The Duke of Victory was still in Madrid, and the pora announees that he had engaged apartments in the CaMle de la Greda, No. 24 The Spanish Government has decided on esta. blishing a place of transportation for convicts. The oint cAosen is St. Joseph, one of the Marianne or Ladrone Islands, in the North Pacific Ocean. The individuals arrested for having formed part.6f the band of Pucheta and those who had been released by i from the different prons 'will be sent to Ferrol, to there await their embarcation for the neaw penal colony. We have-also accounts from Madri; are of the 22d inst. The provinces of Badajoe Burgoe Caceres, C(atellon, Salamanta, Segovia, ora, and Valladolid enjoyed perfept tranquillity on the 18th; aid thos of Albacete, Alicant, Murcia, Avila, Ciu'dad Real, and Toledo on the 19th. The Epoca states that M. Miguel Roda was spoken of for the vacant aeat in the cabinet. * The Civil Governor of Valencia, al. Iglesias, arrived at Madrid, and had a long conference with the Minister of the Interior. General MacCrohon was to succeed General Infante in the genefal direction of the Civil Guard. It was considered probable that M. Manuel Bermnudez di-Castro would be appoiated Minister of Spain at Washington. General Gurrea has been struck off the list of the amy, and is to be tried by court-martial for, having left the residence -ssigned to him rwithoutan authorization frorm the War Department. The Epoca publishes the following on the state of the country W eW waited until the last moment to communicate toour readers the intelligence received at Madrid relatiVe to the situation of the provinces. At Seville, Cadiz, Malaga, and other cities of Audalusia, public order has not been disturbed. At Grinada the troopa prescrved their posit;.ons, and everybody anxiously expected the result of the events in Madrid. When known Granada will,return to its normal condition. Jaen is the only city in Andalusia that revolted against the Governneeit, but it is very probable that a reaction has ere now taken place there, the immense majority of the inhabitints being favonrable to order. The malcontents have failed, notwithstanding their strenuous exertions, to excite a revolt in IA Mancha. Ciudad Real, Manzanaxes, and other important towns 'have remained tranquiL At Albacete the militia was to be reorganized to-day. In Castile the public feeling is excellent. An aftempt at disorder, however, was made at Salamanca. At Santander a pronunciamento was contemplated, but a portion of the national militia having joined the Commander-General, the revolters, after exchanging a few iaets, dispersed. There, as well as in the rest of Castile, the people are convinced that the struggle engaged in is not merely political, that it is a social movement, and, consequently, those who havo anything to lose, departing from their usual apathy, make common cause with the authorities. According to the last accounts, considerable agitation prevailed in the Astuias and in the province of Pontevedra. At Leon, a pronunciamento was likevwise attempted on receipt of the first intelligence of the rising at Madrid. A telegraphic despatch from Valencia announces that to-day, at 4 o'clock, the city enjoyed perfect tranquillity. The same despatch also mentions that order prevailed at Alicant and Tomrel, and that Murcia had returned to its allegiance. Of Sarragossa nothing is known. Troops continued to advance on the capital of Arragon, and, at this hour, some of them must have already occupied Catatayud. At Lerida, the garrison had been ordered to intrench themselves in the Castle, and the presence in that city of Brigadier Paredes is a guarantee in favour of order. According to the last advices from Valencia, Barcelona and Tarragcna were tranquiL Logrono had pronounced for the Queen. On the approach of the Captain-General of Bargos a deputation of proprietors, and other citizens had waited upon him and declared that, if the people of Logrono had taken arms, it was for the purpose of protecting social order and property. The troops detached to Albacete, arrived to-day at noon, in the town, which now obeys the Government. From Ferrol ind Coranna satisfactory accounts have reached. A deputation proceeded from Catstayud to meet the Queen's troops and entreat them to deliver the city from the revolutionary tyranny under which it groaned. It is not yet certain that Gurrea reached Saragossa." AUSTRIA. (FROM OUIJ OWN CORRESPONDENTr.) VIFNNA, JuLy 2-2. It is stated in well-informed Austrian circles that the Sardinian Cabinet has recently received a hint from France to avoid taking any step which could lead to a quarrel with this Government, and information received by the Augsbscrg Gazette from its Paris correspondent tends to confirm the report. Before Count Walewski left for the baths of Homburg, he, inthe name of his Imperialmaster,confidentially informed Count Cavour that he would do well to change his system towards Austria, as the French Government was resolved not to lend its countenance to any policy which could lead to disturbances in Italy and endanger the so recently restored peace of Europe. The Paris correspondent adds that the British Cabinet was duly informed of what had been done by the French Government, who had also intimated to the Sardinian Court that the Western Powers were resolved neither directly nor indirectly to countenance revolutionary movements in Italy. According to an onv di, the French Government has proposed to the British Cabinet to recall the Ministers of the two Powers from lNaples, and to leave simple Charges d'Afaires there for the tino being. Some importanice is attached to the visit of the Hereditary Prince of Tuscany to this Court, but he is such a very young man (he is 21 years of ae) that he can hardly have been intrusted with a political mission. The Prince, during his short sojourn here, has been out to the camp at Bisamberg, and there is some reason to believe that the Ministersand the Diplomatic Corps have nothad an opportumity of waiting on him until this morning, At all events Count Buol, Count Leo Thun, Baron de Bourqueney, and some other statesmen and diplomatists paid him visits of ceremony a couple of hours ago. In a few days the Tuscan Prince will leave for Bavaria, and in the autumn he will probably accompany the Emperor to Lombardy, where there wiU be the usual grand military manceuvres. The Ost Deutsche Post learns from Stuttgard that the Dowager Empress of Russia has relinquished the idea of passing the coming autumn and winter in Italy. The day for Her Majesty's departure from Wildbad was already fixed, when she received letters from St. Petersburg which induced her to resolve to return, vid Berlin, to that capital. The official paper also confrms information given you some days since relative to certain changes which were to be made in the Finance Department. Three chiefs of sections and five Ministerial Councillors have been pensioned, and four new chiefs of sections appointed. To-morrow the clergy wiU again be in their glory, as His Majesty will publicly place on the head of the Archbishop of Agram the cardinal's hat which has been sent him from Rome. Yesterday Prince Paul Esterhazy had his farewell audience of the Emperor, and to-morrow he will leave, with his brilliant suite, for Moscow. It is estimated that the outlay of the representative of Austria at the coronation of the Emperor Alexander will be some 600,000fl. (60,0001.) Before the Prince accepted the mission he distinctly stated that his expenses must be paid, and no one blames him for having done so, it being notorious that he is not a rich man, although he is the largest lauded proprietor in Austria. Baron Budberg will not come here as Russian Minister until after the coronation. It is stated that Russia has made some concessions to Austrian subjects in respect to passports and the transport of goods across the froDtier. RUSSIA. (FROM OUR BE;RLa' COnnusPoX:DzlT.) BERLIN, JusY 24. The programme for the popular festivities that are to accompany the coronation in Moscow has already received the aanction of the Emperor in the form in which it has been drawn up by the Director of the Imperial Theatres, Guedeanoff. In addition to other provision for the entertainment of those assembled in the old Russian capital there will be companies of Russian, German, and French actors, and Italian opera singers. Among the numerous crowd of applicants for Government concessions, which is increasing the more rapidly just nowr as the period of the coronation approaches, the French are in all branches of enterprise the most favoured. A French company, for instance, has received the permiasion to erect a large bazaar for articles of art, luxury, and general trade on one of the largest open spaces in the town of Moscow; the building is to be somewhat of the shape of a tent, with glass sides and glass roof, and is to communicate with an establishment forrefreshments and a coffeehouse. A repayment of Custom dues has also been secured to the ec.tsept-eneurs on all goods they may be comDelled to re-export from not having met with sales. With reference to the approaching coronation, the Emperor has selected 27 pages from out of the highest Russian, German, Finnish, and even Oriental families; the number of hborsea from the Imperial studs which are nowr in course of being forwarded to Mfoscow for the purposes of the pageantamounts to 200. The rent now mentioned as hanng been agreed upon for the hotel which Lord(Gaville is to wocupy. in Moscow during the coronation is 20,,000 silver-roubles (over 3,0001.). Some six weeks ago I stated it to be 30,000 roubles; probably this latter was a clerical error, for I find that a somewhat smalleriotel that has been taken forMX. deMbrny istocostl7,o00roubles (about2,7001.); thatforLord' Granville, however, is de!cibed as beingjexcessively qitof repair, and requiring a great deal t.o i Speabu it to make it habitable. From the middle of Augustthere wvill be no -more permission accorded to applicants in St PetersburgandthelagertovnjstotraTeI to Moicow, unless they can show proof .' their having- already secured lodging accomiodation there. i The silk manufacturers of Moscow; are getting up a specially vich aurticle to be called:$ ' oronation silk,"? which is described as a soirt 6f rsfver daminskl, with a pattern of gold rosettes onit.. The: flkiNt kind of thi3 coronation silk is to-cost 25 roubles (about4l. 53.) the archine, which ia28incheslong,but, unfortunately for alny calculations that your fair readers mig,ht'be disposed to make as tothe cxpense of a dress of this silk, the Baroness de Ber, who describes it tolerably minutely in the Russian Jcwrarl des Modes, has neglected to mention the widths so that the number of breadths necessary for a dress cannot be clearly ascertained. The French screw stearmer Seine, from RIouenfor St. Petersburg, having the carriages, horses, and other luggage of M. de Morny.on boardi anchored off Elsinore'on the .18th inst., and proceeded to; land the horses for the purpose of their taking exercise and recovering in some degree from the effects of the voyag,e, from which they are described as baving suffered a good deal-two of them have already died. iTf we are to believe a very circumstantial letter from Munich, Britannia's maritime power has had a very narrow escape from the total destruction which awaited it had a third naval campaign been' opened this year in the Bay of Finland. .rom this letter we learn that a certain Bavarian corporal, named Bauer, who, in 149, made some-unsuccessful experiments with a diving vessel in Kiel harbour, has since then brought his labours to a successful result; the letter which he wrote home announcin this fact was indited 17 feet below the surface of the sea, off Cronstadt, June 24, and in the company of the writer, in his vessel, were at the time a Russian naval officer, eight sailors, and a smith. This experiment had been preceded by eight others for the purpose of testing the capacity of the vessel, *and it was to be sueceedied in a few days by a grander one in the presence of the Grand Dake Constantine and a committee named for the purpose. On the occasion here alladed to the crew of 11 persons remained eight hours, without interruption, under water; and, in addition to the letter-writing feat and the drinling of divers bottles of Rhine wine to the healths of various European potentates, they performed during that time all sorts of evolutions with thie vessel,moving backwards and forwards, rising and sinking whether vertically or at an angle, whether rapidly or slowly, &c. In short, the only circumstance connected with the description that at all suggests an opening for scepticism is, that the letter was written by the inventor himself; when we have another description, written by an impartialperson, we shall know better what to think about the matter. It appears that the information I sent you from here, during the stay of the Empress of Russia at Sans Souci, with reference to the matrimonial intentions of the Grand Duke Michael was quite correct. The trip which the Queen of Prussia made to the Prusso-Saxon frontier at R16deran, for the ostensible purpose of celebrating with her two sisters-the present Queen and the Queen Dowager of Saxony-some family anniversary, had really for its object to propose for the hand of the Princess Sidonia of Saxony in the name of the Grand Dake. The proposal was rejected by or for the young Princess on account of the change of cornfession that would be necessary on marrying into the Russian Imperial.family. The Royal family of Saxony is Roman Catholic, although the population is Protestant. We have here the reason why the Queen of Saxony did not return to Potsdam with the Queen of Prussia, as was so confidentlv expected she would do, when the Queen left here for Rdderau. The young Grand Duke, who continued to stay at Sans Souci, where he constantly met the IPrincess Mary of the Ifetherlands, felt a strong inclination to elevate her into a Grand Duchess; but the Emperor, his brother, to whom he expressedhis views and feelings, impressed upon himthe importance of observing what has become almost a law with the Imperial famiily of Russia-viz., that of marrying a German princess. In consequence of further confidential communications between thetwo brothers and a third party at this Court, Baden was pointed out as a country of growing importance (geographically), and in which the foreign sympathies of the population were divided between France and Anstria, and therefore one where it would be desirable to raise up a Russian counter-influence. The Empress Mother undertook to prefer her son's suit on the occasion of her visit to Wildbad; and, foreseeing the difficulty of gaining the consent of the Grand Duchess Sophia, mother of the Princess Cecilia, the bride selected for the Grand Duke Miichael, she gained over first of all the goodwill of theGrand DowagerDuchessStephanie, through whose intervention the disinclination of the Grand Duchess Sophia, a Princess Vasa by birth, to her daughter's marrying into the Russian family was overcome. The Emperor of Russia has conferred a regiment each on the Archduk-e Leopold of Austria and the Grand Duchess Catherine, the wife of Duke George of Mecklenburg Strelitz. The anniversary of the Russian repulse of the storm of Sebastopol, June 18, has been celebrated most enthusiasticaUy at Alexandropol by the corps under the command of General Chruleff. Prince Menschikoff has now completed the 50th year of his service of the Emperors of Russia, and is understood to have received on the oceasion a very flattering letter of congratulation from the Emperor, accompanied with hearty thanks for the numerous and valuable services he has rendered during that period. Six Russian ships of war are expected soon to be stationed in the Greek waters. The Czas, Polish paper, mentions that an officer or the Guard lately presented to tle Emperor a report upon the conduct and sentiments of the officers of his regiment, the result of which vwas very compromising to several of them. The Emperor, after thanking him for his zeal, p:omoted him to a high post in the gendarme force at Irkwisk. This reads very mueh like a diluted version of an anecdote I forwarded you some three months back, the outline and moral of which were the same. ITALY. The Messaggere di Modeow, the official joiumal of that duchy, in its nmnber of the 18th, publishes another sentence pronounced by the military commission now sitting at Llassa, in virtue of the state of siege existing at Carrara. By this sentence, which we give textually, four persons, one of whom is 60 years of age and anoLher 19, are convicted of having belonged "to the secret orMazzinian society, otherwise called Society of Freemasons, and of having sworn to exterminate the tmue religion, to overthrow Kings, &c.," in conseqnenca of which two of the culprits are condemned to the ergastolo (imprisonment in irons with hard labour) for life; another to the same punishment for 20 years, and the fourth to 10 years' hard labour.
PARLIAMENJTARY NOTrI12q. IIOUTSE: OF O?roNf?ff - - T- 'XT -11-rz avkt7A Viscount Raynham.-To W*k the T'st Commissioner of Works, whether. as SuaitSfield caunot again * e converted into a cattle-market there is any objectiou to the ixumediate removal of all the Pers and ers remaining tbere, so as to enable it tobecome a placo of recreation for the inhbitants of that orowded locality. Mr. Brady.-To ask the Under Secretary tor War. whythe Staffof the Leitrim rMltia is not to be quartered in the county town, in accordance with the recommendation of the lod-Lieutenant of the county. Mr. blurrough.-Copiee of aU papers relating to the deposal of Veer oinder Wuddoair, tahai of tUorg, including copies of the correepondence between the English authorities and tho said IRaJah prev.ously to the depos3tion of the said Raiah by the East Ind:a ComacrYintheYear lOS Return of ali cnis of money borrowed by the Indian Government. ohr b any person or Isesofs o0 their tehalf cr by their authority. of the Baiah of Coorg, from the year 1799 to the year 1831 inclusive showing what portions of such loans were paid in cash or otheris together with copies of aU pramissory notes or other zecuritles given any time on account of the sid loans. Colnesof alldespatches reletive to the asigningto the sid Esjalt by the East India Company of anu annual stipendl of 60,00 rupees; and also of the oonditions and terms (if any) upon whbich the-tirpend was no granted: Andof thecorreapondence relative to theRja'srposal to visit Enlalnd, and tothe diseentinusunc,, slueeiBlI or the Cashf monthly silowanec of £1_00 by the Esat India CooPany. MrAoebcle-Coy o th isnwo inthereign of George IlL, girntn aoebension pof £5 pter o.cusn to Caroline Cort andCastherine Seynter. with astatement of the deductions made theretrom, and oE the>aPtholityvby which such deductions were math' anad ofthe -re rant granting the sante pcnsion in the reigns od George ,IV'. and Mr. Tite,-teturn of the mozthl calendar) saveragae ambnt in circulation of note. playable on demand of theSeveral branches of Sthe Sakn of England. distinuiCtshing the egerenFate amnount of notes into si clsds vic.- solen of £5.S of !10. f.-om <£50 TO £50, ftom £.0 to £1.1, from £100 to £500. and stove £500;. comtmencing thd return irons the Ist day of January, 1814. and continuing the somne So the pce sent date. g ThorReed,-To call theoattenon of the heouse to ceraimoalelag. tionssigned by a nlumber of acticg assistant-surgeons in the army -thre reneitothenirhaving a grateity of only two mo1thi payo their services being dispensed oth. ThEastMofflalhaitb,-Oopy oE the opmiion of theodJ'3e Advocate on thecase of Capinin lraaer, late Adjutant of theRosreRifea3Iiit4 andalt the th__ijet The Chaneellor of the Exchequer ackxowviedg. -the receipt of the first halves of two 10O--notess (Nos. 08459 and 18729) for income-tamr fi R.L H."i
e -REB i9BYSTAr 1XALACR.- There us on aturd,j-for the thlird time, a aisplay of the grand system -of waterworlm at the Crya Palae, and about 11,500 people .Wore attrcted- to-lintneas it, comprising a consideiAble number of t'ne ; o the lDetropols mid the' 'sorronndintg neighboood7 the weather was upon the whole propitious,.exoept fdribi,ief intevanl, wich, however; 'occurdat EO critici a3nuoment as to mar the fell effect of the -spectacle, assd -tLo 4rv*, he. ,cooinrany, thenscattered over the. grounds, to .seek ,shelter within the bulding. As usual, the display was flaedito take place at half-pas 4, and long before that 'hour the whole body of visifors, except a comparatively smiall ninmber who sttioned themselves on the balconies, Weie- ieen demendingham the various terraces anadmaking*beirway acrce theLasnn and -among the- p4rterres-toil. the more salient positions commanding a fua view of the exhibition. Among them was a great number of ladies elegantly dresd The greater part of the 'crowd was concentrated; in- the immediaie vitinity of the lower basins, -where the diil;y is seen in all its interest and beauty; and as they-reclined in groups under the shade of treeEs an on the side- of the grecn sloping hillocls, or stood fringing,the adjacent heighta in all the variety of summer costume, the spectacle, even before the fountains had commenced to play, was exceedingly picturesque. I Precisely at half-past 4 the water display began, and in a few minutes was in full operation. There -was, however, a breeze from the south brisk enough to break the tops.of the tall columns of water into spray, and scatter theem i: showersacros3 the grounds before they reached theirfull height; and this, with a temporary want of sanlightb -on which the full beautv of the spectacle so materially depesds, tended considerably to detract from the general effect, since it was unaccompanied with the beautiful rainbow tints and forms which the sun's rays can alone. lenl.to 3t. still it was far from destitLte of interest; it seemed to be characterized byxnore vigour than on eiher of the two previous occasions, and all its various details were more fully brought out. The jets rose up in all the diversity of form against the sunless sky, and the continual roar and splash of the water bad a delicious effect on the ear. The display, however, had barely lasted a quarter of an hour.or 20 minutas, when a thunder-cloud, which for some time pre. viously hovered overhead and threw the whole landscape into shade, broke, and the company, one and all, made with the greatest precipitation towards the nearest part of [the Palace f or shelter against the drenching shower which followed. In a fewa minutes the grounds were com. pletely deserted, and the remainder of the display could only be seen from the balconies and at considerable disadvantage. it is one of the characteristics of the Palae that it sets at defiance the inconveniences of a variable climate, and has attracticns for all states of the weather. If the landscape beautixs with whichit is surrounded cease to interest, or areUnUnvailablefronm atmospheric causes, it invites its visitors to other a nd almost inexhaustible sources of interest and enjoyment within its portals. So on Saturday, when the gay throng were byan untoward event baulked of tihe treat they were promised,oat of doors, they betook them. selves to the interior, where music and the promenade awaited them for the remainder of the day, When, it may be asked, is there to be something like a direct railway communication between the west end of the metropolis and the Palace, and how long is the full developrment of this magnificent enterprise to be impeded by a single and inconvenient means of access? Is the man or woman vho lives in Belgravia or the neighbourhood of Charing-cross always to endure thetedious delay and annoy. ance ircident to "the rniddle passage," by land or water, which separates them from the ternmnus at London-bridge, where raiway communication with Sydenham for 'the whole of London only commences2 Nor is the inconvenienc,e and loss of time all that results from the present arrangement. Occasions are continually arising on which life and limb are jeopardized. On all ftel days at the Palace a practice obtains at the station at London-bridge re.plete with danger to the public, and ono that demands immediate alteration. For aSout three hours in the middle of the day, at sach times when the pressure of tho crowd bound for the Palace is greatest at the station, the railway officials are in the habit of admiuting an unlimited number of persons to the departure platfonn to await the return of the train which is to convey them to Sydenham. The result is that, as the train is being run into the station, the more impatient part of the crowd, eager to obtain places, seize hold of the doors of the passing carriages, wvhich drag them along the edge of the platform and expose them to imrninent periL On the last Derby-day a mnan was horribly mangled and kIlled in this way at the station at London-bridge, but the terrible lessen appears to have been Vholly lost alike on the railway functionaries and the public. The samne arrangement continues, and the same impatience on the part of the public, exposing them to the loss of life. To some it is Elso extremely unfair and inconsiderate. On the departure of each train there is always a considerable number of individuals, and these generally helpless ladies and persons of cautious or timid dispositions,who, not being able to fight their way to seats in the vanishing train, are left bs.bind on the platform. It would only be reasonable that they should have a prior right of accommodation in the next train. But it is not so. Before another trAin starts another crowd is alloved to collect on the platform, and they who were previously left behind have to undergo the same struggle and the same risk for places, and in many cases with the same want of succems. There is a simple remedy for this eviL The railway officials have only to close the gates at the entrance to the platform, and admit no one rntil the train which is being run into the station to convey them to their destination has ceased to move, and then only so many as it will conveniently accommodate. This will, no doubt, be done when the life of a Bishop, a Dechess, or aCabinet Minister has been sacrificed, but not till then.
FISCOUNTS ST. YINCENT AND CO.MB EBP R TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIhES. Sir,-As my observations in reply to the answer given by the Msa-quis of Lansdowne to the question I put to Her Mjesty's Government in theHouse of Lordslastevening-were not heard by the reporters in the gallery, I beg to repekt, in reference to that part of his Lordshit's answer wherein he states, wuder an erroneousimpression, thatTord Comberinere 4" had h.d no opportunity of being heard in his defence," I that I hid given Lord Combermere early notice of what I intended doing, and subsequently forwrarded to his Lordship a copy of the question, when I had determined upozi that course, with the object of giving him an opportunity of making any ex-planation he might think proper in his "place." In confirmation I shall feel obliged if you will geve inserliion to the short correspondence -which has taken phlce between his Lord:ship and myself on he subject. I also stated, in reply to the suggestion of the noble Marquis, that " I should rest satisfied with the expla. nation ho had given, that Eer M£ajesy's Government did not intend taking any steps in the matter in consequence of the judgments referred to being decisions in a civil cas, and that the subject would embarrass Her Majesty's Government." I would duly consider the request of the noble Marquis, with every disposition to give it effect; buxt I gave notice, as a measure of precaution, that I should probably, on an early day in the ensuing session, move for copies of the three judgments to be laid on the table of the house, with a view to further proceedings, feeling a strong conviction that these public judicial censures for a contempt of court should not pass unnoticed. I have the honour to be. &c.. ST. VINTCENT. Clarendon Eotel, July 26. Clarendon Hotel, Bond-street, July 1-5. yLorLo-That your Lordship may be stisfied that no other than an open course wil be pursued on mypsrt, I give your Lordship notice that I have this day sent to Lord HarrowAy (in the absence of Earl Granville) a.pies of the judgments prononoed by Lord Cottenham, Sir Johi Dodson, and -'he Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in Te Dyoe Sombre, in each of which judgnents yonreLordship's conduct Es animadverted upon, and I think it isht to add, that I may further consider it tD bem ndutytd bring your Lorip's -oonduct in this matter before the MHouse of Lord<. I have the honour to be, Your Lordship's obedient servant, The Lord Vicount Combermere. ST. VINMYET. Belgrave-square, July 16. My Loid,-I have to aelmowledge the rfcelpt of your lordship's letter of the 15th, and havethe-honour to be, Your-LordsAip'x obedient servant, 7 fbhe 713conuil St, Vinoent. COMBERMgRE. To my second letter, of the 22d in;., inclosing a 6oPY of my-proposed question, the following is LQrd Combeinera' resly- Combermsre-abbey, July 23. MyLord,-I ha,e to acknowledge thoe soeipt of your Lordshipi :nok, of *the :2d i.; t4t!lierslwith aoOpy of the notice which your lordship intens to-CIetierytoi th Clerk oi' the House of Iords . i .- I.have thetl,onoar to be, - i , Your Lordsbip'edient erva T The Ysoisnt S iu.icnti- -' tLC-OMBESMlB.E. 'eCY3IL 12]C'-IV . mW{ Ihx, ,SstEtA t ur-:aiy, eJnlv 2.-Adrsiose.a playias~ 4,7S5; ditto, by asasatiCet, 65 vter#,ll 4L: z-s:
A-MERICA. LIVERI?001 SATRIA. I The Royal Mail steamship Canada has'fariived with a&vicea from Boston to th ar6h $748635' d0.4oinsvCie. . - .' .- . On Wednesday, July 9, the Senate were, occupied i -'with 5 debate 6n Kansas, in which therei was a I great deal of personality. The debato la§tadfronI I ;niAday until 9 minthe evening.' The House wvrei Qocctpied thce same day with charges of fraii agaist 1 cler in the Treaslury Department. The Senate ,during the rest of the week have been occupied with -local matters. - The House have been disciissingolthe rBrooks and Bumner affair, and on Monday, thel4th, *votedto expel Brooks by 121 " Yea"'to 95 "Nays."; Two-thirds being necessary to an expulsion, Brooks; waa declared not expelled. He rose and announced -that he had resigned, andi left the floor. XMr; Qliver -l E Missouri, frOm the mitority on the Kansas, In' esEigation Commidee made a report on the 11th, in which he denied the ioxculusiona of themi'ori£` and. assertod that Whitfield waa fairly elected and entitled to his seat. The old Whigs are trying to organize themselves so as to take a part in the coming election. A convention of this party in Maryland has declared Wremont unqualified, Buchanan objectionable in' consequence of the Ostend conference, and Fillmore. the. only sound candidate. Fllmnore's chances are looking better. The case of MIr. Herbert, the California neiinr of Congress, who killed a waiter, has been s-ubmittdd to the jury. The Chamber of Comnmerce and the citizens generaly have united in= raising funds for the relief of the sufferersl'y the inundations in the South of Yrance. The Chamber of Commerce have also again t;aken up the matter of the recovery of the duties paid for goods burnt in the great fire in New. York. The news from California is exciting. The Vigilance Committee have stiUl possession of San Francisco with 6,000 muskets and 30 cannon. Tieir place of meeting ia fortified with sandbags. The Governor has called out the militia, but the San Francisco Militia refuses to act against the commnittee. The Governor, with his forces, is encamped near San Francisco. The Vigilance Committeehate issued the following proclamation " TO THE PEOrIE OF CALIFORNUA. "The Committee of Vigilance, placed in the position they now occupy by the voice and countenance of the vast majority of their fellow-citizens, as executors of their will, desire to defino the necessity which has fozced this people into their present organization. " Great ptblic emergencies dernand prompt and vigorous recuedies. The. people-long suffering under an organized despotism which has invaded their liberties, squandered their property, usurped their offices of trust and emolu. suent, endangered their lives, prevented the expressionof their will through the ballot box, and corrupted the ch-n. nels of justico-have now arisen in virtue of their inherent right and power. All political, religions, and sectio3ial diferences and issues have given way to the paramotlnt necessity of a thorough and fundamental reform and piriflcation of the social and political body. The voice of a whole people ban demanded union and organization as the only means of making our laws effective, and regaining the rights of free speech, free vote, and public safety. " For years they have patiently waited and striven, in a peaceable manner, and in accordance with the forms of law, to reform the abuses which have made our city a byword; fraud and violence have foiled every effort, and the laws to which the people looked for protection, while distorted and rendered effete in practice, so as to shield the vileo have been used as a powerful engine to fasten upon us tyranty and misrule. " "Astepublicans, we looked to the ballot-box as our safeguard and sure remedy. But so effectualy and so lo[ng was its voice smothered, the votes deposited in it by freemnen so entirely outnumbered by ballots thrust in through fraud at midnight, or nullified by the false counts of judges and inspectors of elections at noonday, that many doubted whether the majority of the people were not utterly corrupt. "Organized bands of bad men, of all political parties, or who assumed any particular creed from mercenary and corrupt motives, have parcelled out offices among themselves, or sold them to the highest bidders; have provided themselves with convenient tools to obey their nod, as clerks, insectors, and judges of election; have employed bulies and professional fighters to destroy tally lists by force, and prevent peaceable citizens from ascertaining in a lawful manner the true number of votes polled at our elections: and have used cunningly contrived ballot boxes,, with false sides and bottoms, so prepared that by means of a spring the spurious tickets concealed there previous to the election could be mingled with genuine votes. " Of al this we have the most irrefragable proofs. Felons from other lands and States and unconvicted criminals, equally as bad, have thus controlled public funds and property, and have often amassed sudden fortunes without having done an honest day's work with head or hands, and the fair inheritance of our city has been embezzled and squandered, our streets and wharfs are in ruins, and the mzerable entailment of an enormous debt will bequeath sosrow and poverty to another generation. " The jury box bas been tampered with, and our jury trials have been made to shield the hundreds of murderers whcse red hands have cemented this tyranny, and silenced with the bowie knife and the pistol, not only the free voice of a indignant press, but the shuddering rebuke of the outraged citizen. " To our shame be it said that the inhabitants of di,t6nt lands already know that corrupt men in office, as well as gamnblers, shoulder strikers, and othervile tools of unscrupucous leadors, beat, maim, and shoot down wvith impunity as well peaceable and unoffending citizens as those earnest reformers who,, at the knownr hazard of their lives, and with singleness of heart, have sought, in a lawful manner, to thwart schemes of publicplunder or to awaken investiga- "Embodied in the principles of republican Governments are the truths that the majority should rule ; and when corrupt officials, who have fraudulentlyseized the reins of authority, designedly thwart the execution of the laws, and avert punishment from, the notoriously guilty, the lpower they usurp reverts back to the people from whom it was wrested. lRealizing these truths, and confident that they were carrying out the will of the vast majority of the cittZers of this country, the Committee of Vigilance, under a solemn sense of the responsibility that rested uroox them have calmly and dispassionately weighed the evidences oefore them, and decreed the death of some and banishment to others who by their crimes and villanies had stained our fair land. With those that were banished, this comparatively moderate punishment was chosen not because ignominious death was not deeerved, but that the error, if any, night suaely be upon the side of mercy to the crimnal. There are others scarcely less guilty againstwhoui the same punishment has been decreed, but they have been allowetd further time to arrange for their final departare, and with the hope that permission to depart voluntarily might induce repentance, and repentance amendment, they have been suffered to chcose withint limits their own tim e and mntfl d of going. * "Thus far, and throughout their arduous duxties they have been and will be guided by the most conscientious convIctions of imperative duty- and they earnestly hope that, in endeavouring to mete oat merciful justice to:the guilty, their counsels may be so guided by that Power before whose tribunal we shall all stand 'that in the vicissitudes o£ after lif, amid the calm reflections.of old age, and in the Ccar view' o£ dying conscience, ther, may be found nothing we vould regret or wish to change."' "We have no friends to reward, no enemnies to pumau no private ends to accompial. s. " Oursingle, heartfelt aim in thepubUc good; the pa g from our community of those aban oned characte,s whcse actions have been evil continually, and have finally forced upon os the efforts we are now making. We have no fa. gauritimnas body, nor shall there be evinced in any of Zu = acts either partialityfor o-peejudice against ay tyce, aeior t&3 "While thus far we have not discovered on the pprt of pur csoiitaents any indications of lack of confidence, anid iavoe no reason to doubt that the great majority of the i4ha-Aitants of the county endorse our acts and desire: us to -continue the work of weeding out the irreclaimable charac- ters from the communjty, we have withdeep regaot cen tbatsom of- the State authoritieshave felt-it their dut; to orgarize a force to resist us. It is not impossible-for us to realize that mot only those who have sought placO^ ith a view to penile plunder, hut also thos~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~e ugektpla6ssrwe, in vnew tO bUbEc plu^nder, hutt als those gentlenieii who', in accepting ofEces to which: they were honesf,y ele4tod have swornr to support the laws of the State of Califo-Yia - ,fnd it dgifficlt to reconcile thaeir supposedI duties with a4qm-j~ ceuce int f the Committe of Vigilance, since they do aot reflect tbat, perhaps, more than three-fourths of the people of the entire State sympathize with and endor e our efforEt, and as that all law emanates from the pnple, so vhen the la-ws thus enacted are not executed the *povwer retuiri to- the People, a nd is their~ wlienever they may -choose to. exercise it. These gentismuen ould not have hesitated to zacknowLodge the self-evident truth had the people chosen to make their present moveimt a complete revoluxtion, recaUed aU the power they hzd'dehegted, and reissued. it~to new.agents unfder new Now, becausa the people have not seen fit to r4esiin;e aU -t4 powers they haye confided to executive or -liegislative cAteiss it certainly does not follow that they cannot, in the 'exercse-of heirinherent sovereigupowes, withdraw from qg,eupt and unfAit.ful servants he authoritythey ha-e used pizi t-e ~nds of justice. "Those officers whose nistakersen of duty les them to a;ra! themselves againSt the determined action -of thepeooj iho?e servants they have become, may be respected, whasheir errors may be regretted; but none can envy the fdtnt refections of thst man who, whether in the heat of ineYlnant paeion,or rwith the v&in hope of preserving by; vWene~ 6 position- obtained throrgh fraud and bribery,. - sr*a'under *he celoroof- law, to enlist the ontcast of so-, caety3s a. hireling soldiery in the service of the State; or mees cnm~iif,l by hope& o£f plunder, to continue, at the aP St of civil -war, the roign of hsllot-3bo stuffers, suiorners of'Vitnesse, and tawper`rs ,wth the jurybox. .The Committee Of Vigilance believe th-at the p5oy iasve intfusted to therA the dixty of gatehnng evidenoa, Ssd, after- dua trial, expelling . from :the Jcmmueity--;tl;a3 rnuffns and Ziasms who haveso longpoutra ewdtlope and-good- order of -society,,zolated the -bllotb?ox, oretliddeis lw and thwarted diusfce. B"Beyo'nd the dutie'utinmrdent to thlsvit do not date fto iDterfere vwith the details of- Goverment. ' - - "Webave spa.red and shall sparo effbitto avoidl.l6Mdsbed or civilwar,but, unacterred by thratas or o organiations, shalu continue, peaoeably if ire cant, zorib if we miiust, t?is work of reforw, -to' which -*o e ve pledgedl oDurliVes, our fortunes, ad oar sacred honour. "'0ur labours have been arduous, our deliberatiob IAve -been cantions,: our .deterrhiatios firruj our couisels prdent,, our inotiver pure; .and, wrhile regretting the imperious .iieceaiity wrhich called us. into aSction, wre araeanxo'sathst tbih neceisitvbeshuld exist no longer, and rheni our labours hv Scconiptshsd-when the com shal boe freed from the evilsf is haus so 'long endured-wheis we have insured to our citizens an honest and-gorous p ection- of. their rights-then the. Coenitte of Vigiltne mill find great. pleasure in reSigning their powarsntO tbe hands of the people from whom it was received. P'ublished by order of the Committee, (Seal of the comnmittie ' . "I SSYry Walker has deposed Rivss in Nicaragua,i aud had himself elected President in his place&f In Costa Rica, General Moras the Commender-in-Ohief of the army, aind the -Secretaryof State, thd all died of the cholera. The Cuban dates' are 'to tl$e 6th inst. The yellow fever continued to prevaiL - The Cabinet had under consideration tiae propoL. sitions of the Congress of Paris. They had. deter, mined to accept them -if the European Po'eria would surrender the right to capture private prOperty by national vessels in time of war. The Free State Legislatre in Xanzaswaa dispersed by the United States' dragoons on the 4th of v uly. Advices from Mexico state that tho -SPanish squadron had left Vera Cruz, the differences alving been settled, anid the Spanish Minister officially received. The decree that- the clergy are not pe,mitted to hold property was published iii Metico ot the 28th ult.- -The people in general congratulated President Comonfort on that inportant step. The Jesuits were to leave the country.. The ports were. Open for emigran ts, and liberty of conscience hia been guaranteed by Congress.* Several persons-among the number the PWort guese Consul-had been arrested at New, York, charged with beig concerned in the slave trtde. The American Council assembled at Piovidence had rutified the transactions of Fremont axld Johnston. - - An unusual case of extradition had been br6ught before the Court of Common Pleas at Toronto. ;, Mr. Richard Metcalf, House, alias Richard Statahford Graves, who for 15 years has been a. iei. dent of Canada. 10 of wwhich he hash beex ia magistrate, was brouight before the - Couut; charged witth having absconided, in 1841 or,1842, with $190,000 belonging to the State of Mfssissippi, of which he was formerly treasur4r.' The prisoner was brought up under a warrant issued by the judge, under the provisions of the Ashburt6n Treaty. after a full examination the prisoner WVS discharged, the Court- holding that the treaty did not provide for the surrender of personA charged with embezzlement. Mr. House owns -a good deal of propert in the town of Simcoe, west of Mailtons near Lake Erie, where he has resided, which the! State authorities propose to attach for the debt. An extensive fire had occurred in a cabinet inalnu_ factory at Toronto; several workmen lost their lives while endeavouring to escape the flames. The New York comnmercial advices report a stea4v business in the stock-market at slightly advanced prices. The transactions in railroad bonds we're large, and the rates were firm. The money-iharLket continued unchanged; the supply was amp,ly abundant on call at 6 to 7 per cent; flrst-cl4ss paper was wanted at 6 to 8 per cent. The -market for sterling exchange was firm; the closing rales were,-bills on London, 110 to 110k; on Paris, 5f. 15c.; on Bremen, 79k to 79A. The cottonmarket ruled firm, with only a modet'ate busines3 doing, the prices quoted being considered too hioh for shippers. Flour was heavy at 10c. decline, and ,"heat had also a downward tendency. The pnovision-market was dull and lower. Holders of Scotch pig iron were firn; the demand was fair at $31 50c. to $32 50c., sLx months. Freights were witho-at alteration. (LATEST BY TELEGRAPH via HALIFAX.) NEW YORE. THURSDAY EVENIRG, JULY 17. The money-market to-day is firm. Exchange on London, m10k. Cotton is firma and unchanged. new Orleans middling is quoted 11.c.; upland, [lTc. Flour declined 12ic. to 2sc. Wheat declined 5c. Corn umchan,ed. The turopean news, ich Halifax, was published on WYednesday at 3 p.m.o, and the Fulton arlived to-day. NEW ORLEANS, Junv 16. The cotton-market is unchanged, with a limited busess, at previous rates. IThe feloaluig appeared in our second edition of Saturday :-J SOUTHA3MPTON, SAruanAr MTosieNO. The United States mail steamer Hermaon, from New York for Bremen, l ith the German, French, and English mnails, touched off Cowan this morning, wYithl aboult 150 passengers, $100,000 in specie, and dates i,rom New York to the 12tn inst. The mail steamer Africa, from L iverpool, arrived at New Y ork on the 11th inst. In the Senate the bill for admitting Kansas into the Union as a slaveholding State was causing great excitement. The most intense excitement nrevailed in the Eouse during the disculssion on a report to expel Brookes for his attack upon Mr. Sumner, which almost amounted to a pugilistic encounter. Intelligence from Kansas is interesting. The Territorial Legislature assembled on the 4th inst;, and, when about to proceed to business, Colonel Sumner, accompanied by 200 T)ragoons, marched into the Represenltative Chamber, and, after an explanatory speech, ordered the mesmbers to disperse, which they did. He then proceeded to the Senate Chamber, where a similar proceeding took place, -with a like result. A Convention of free States men, embracing 800 delegates, all armed, met at Topeka on the 2d inst., and passed re.solutions calling on their friends in Congress to withold suppLies from the Govemment until Kansas was admitted into the Union under the Topeka Constitution. The Washington correspondent of the New York Hlera?d says that a great deal of bad feeling was - felt towards Colonel Fremont for the Presidency by a large number of prominent Republicans, and that a rumour prevailed in that city that several Northern States would supersede his nomination by calling a new convention for the purpose of bringing forward some other well-known man. A fearful tornado had visited Franidort county, and had committed immense damage. Igtelligence from Rio de Janeiro, to the4th-inst., reports the - entire disappearance of all disease.- Coffee was coming in slowly, but a more abundant supp>ly was--looked4or' from the interior shortly. Some -lritisk vessaLs had 'oeen chartered for the UJnited States. : -avannah - dates to the 6th inst. state that. yellow fever continued to prevail. Theo sugar market was active. The New York money-market was without any change worthy of nlote. The supply continued easy, and the demand somewhat increased. -There was little doing in exchange, and the stock-market was dulL. The sales of cotton on the 11th inst. embraced 1.500 bales, at full pries. Wheat ,was rather easier. Sugars were firm andin good demand. Freights were light and rather unsettlel for. grain to Liverpool. The steamer Leoanon, from Havre, arrived a't New York on the 12th inst. The Hermann, on the 24th, in lat. 49.21; long. 11.59, passed the American clipper ship SupefiT,' standing to the eastwvard, and exchanged eolbuiie with the American ship- Fidelia, standing tot southw7ard and westward. : -
TH-E IJNITED'ST7TA - ,. .' (FRo~,tso bUR OWK CO1AR;SP N1YT'WV i: NEIWX YORK, YIf ] I5) - ongreii hasa beeni principally ocdupied' in the discussion of ;the;Broo6ka'and Sumner 'matter. 't.Te debate was closed yesterdayl by u'refusal tbo expel Mr.3Br&okgs -The' vote' on the 'reeolution,to expel E Whia -7ye, 121; nays, 95 ;. and as m;two-thitd YOt&-lFm ~ ~ ~ M leesr tfie.--i.3rooka, however, re ini-hirS seat and 3tated-that'he hddxfsiguea in consequence of the majority:*winds ippeatSe against 'him,~ and retired W.ith 'his friends fromi the hall; The Senate have been 'occupied. with business o f little publicJ interest, with the exception of a. spiey debate -on the -Kansas:queation 'on. the ,.h' There is little,news of iinportnce from' the iterrir tory, except the Cromwellian dispersion of. 'thj' Topeka (free State) -Legislature at the"peint.of the bayonet'and thy cablon's muzzle bythe comauder' of the United States regulars;- Abo t.80pepl0 bad assembled:on the 4th of July.'. Colonel S ner at the head of five troops of .Dragoons, iode.iit& Topeka, and having planted two ;cannons 'at:.th hetd of the .a'vnue (the gunners with lghted .matches), rode to the iAatue,'snd,dismunti ,i 'said':- i; - ' '' 'l *I am called upon .to perform the most disa eale auty of my life, undr rthe authority of the Presideut'g iuro *.lamation. r am' here to disperse this ,gisfitrie* ind. therefore inform you that-o" cannot meet; I therefore, in accordance with'inyorders'commaud yoa to disperse.' acd knows that I have io Earty feeling in this matter, ,nd will have none so long a 'hold, my present position in Kanss. I have just returned fromthe borders, ihero I have. been sending home companies of Missourians, n now I am brdered here to disperse yoR. Such ire.smy orders, that you must disperse. I now command you' K - Judge Schuyier asked Colonel Sumner "if they - were to unl.erstand that they' were driven out at the point of the bayonet " Colonel Sunuier :replied;-"I will use the whole force under "my conmmand to 'enforce this order." The Legislature - .then dispersed. ,' Mr. Oliver, of MIissouri, on behalf of the minority! of the Kanzasa investigating committee, has repoked .in.favour' of the ela-tion of Whait.&eld, and denying. evntirely *! conclusions of the majority report.: *The Vigilance Commiittee have issued aremarks,bluf address in their own justification, which I enclose. The manner in which this committee do their work is thus sketched by a correspondent of one of .hei morning journal3s.-. Two nights ago, attL midnight hour, some 15 or 20. men' gatherd about a hones on Steckton-street, occupied fbfi negro, After sundry whisperings and planeings 'one *steps hastily to the doer and' raps. Without 'waiting 'for an answer, 'ha raps louder and louder, and soon hangs a,way with - a noise which reverberates through the antire neighbourhood. A voice from wthin is answered. by the cry, 'Openthe door; I 'want to como in ' accomnpanied with furious banging. The door opens, three or four men enter with a dark lanterna and the coloured gentle- man stands before themnnearly white vith terror, andbuti* scantily clad. He is a washerman, rnd they inquire'for. 'Whom he washes clothing. He had washed shirts for:the no6t6rious Ned M'Gowan, for whom the Vigilantk-w,ere searching, and for anotherman whom theyhad ordered into banishment. Our peace-officers then began to searc,4the house; they ransacked all the closets and drawers, furaing everything upside down. Finding nothing they pitched into the neighbouring houses after a like fashion vith the like success. They then lit on a small house in the yard," eccupied as an occesional lodging by the widow who owns the premises, but who was now absent in the country. This they broke open and searched, leaving the door unfastened. After aU this foray theydecampedas quietly as they came. "Take anotherspecimen. A man is asked by a supposed' friend to enter a groggery and take a drink. He is then surrounded bya party with revolvers pointed at his head, and politely asked to go with them to the Vigilance Coininitteo. Though a courageous and desperate feUow resistance is of no ue. He goes, and in' a few days-after his. fiiends have tried every way to get hold of hitn, including the hacas corpus (now a farce)-he is rhipped stealthily to a toreign port in company with other scspected and guilty persons. This man was lately chief engineer of the fire de-: prtiment. His offenceq had been committed long before. his election to that office, and consisted in several a.ssults and attempts to kill-all of which vrere excited by the rum which the merchants of the Vigilance Committee imported and sold. For several years he had conducted himsel .with, comparative decency, and 'was twice elected to the head of the fire department, and the choice highly lauded by. the daily press. He sa at the table on pubolic occasions by. the: de of mayors and dignihtaies, and made speeches,'-and` r-eceived hononrs from the very men who now banish-' him. "Another method is this:-A letter comes to a suspected'' person ordering him to leave by the 20'h inst., andsigned' by 'No. 33, Secretary,' with the seal of tho committee, an 'All-seeiug eye,' with 'Nunquani dormnio' as the motto, which 'indicates a design not to sleep nor let others sleep. He is told to depart or he sball suffer worse. No name appears; no officer; no judge; no responsibility of a: personal character. Who the committee ara is unknown. The rank and file do not themselves know who are their masters to wbom they are sworn as obedientvassals." The Administration express themselves perfectly satisfied with the adjustment of the enlistment. question, and'with Lord Clarendoi's reply to the. proposition to arbitrate the Central American diffi- culties. If negotiations should fail to harmonize' the views of the two Governments on the latter' question, they a.nticipate that the questions of the right to govern Bielize, and whether Ruatan cothstitutes a dependency of it, 'dill be submitted to the. scientific arbitration proposed by Mr. mircy,' and' thus these 'troublesome matters be laid at: rest. Walkser, as you will see, has quarrelled with Rivas and the other natives, and elected himiself as president; and the general opinion in New York, among those best informed upon the subject,. is that he will not hold out through the summer. , The Cabinet are occupied with the consideration of the four points presented by the Paris Convea-- tion for the regulation of international conduct on the sea.' The 'United States have not been fornajl1y invited to accede to thoseptopositions, but it is under.: stood that theyw41lbe, and MIr. Sartiges andMr.Marcy. have had an informal discussion upon the subject: in which the views of tnis Government have beeni expounded as follows :-The answer of' this countr;yi will be given on the understanding that' the 'four. proposition' are presented for acceptance in. solicdumiA; aiid that three points canrot be accepted withoub the fourth But though the points cannot be sub' stracted from they may be added to; and' the" Government is at present disposed to exercise" this fight. It is disposed to accede to the propositions, provided another point be added-. namely, that pr-i7ate property 'on the seas shit iL .- cses be ezempt from capture, which it views av: iAerely the application of a principle universally recognized in' land hostilities. Unless there is a changZe in the views- of the Government, this country wvill insist, ns a condition precedent to its acceptance' of the proposition to abolish privateerintg, that the other naval Powers shall 'refrain from utin their navies for priv,ateering purposes. Tlnhe George'Law'arrived;yesterday from the lsth'msiatiwith 1i65,OO int treasure, and a fortnight: later dates from San' Francisco. The' news from that quarter continues impor tant andl exciting.; The Vigilance Committee w.ere still in session, purgitng. the- State of the gamblersand rowdies. No"more. exzecutions had taken place, but several had beei'. ordered to leave' the' -State under penalty *,' deathk: if they remain. T'he'proclamation of the Governor, declaring the city of San Francisco in a state of i>surrectibn affd calling upon the military to aid int putting down the Vigilance Conmnittee, was senb-b you in' my last." fhe people' ve respondeoh to' ths 'by large meetings int support of: the. C'ommtttee'; and. letters fronm San FralciseqtS npresat thcat'the' 'iilitia had deserted i masse to 'the xamnf cause. The Committee were- at the lastL acounts, 'in possession' df 6,him',uskets ando3of 'pieCea od cannon; and ha 'entrenched themselves in 'a- breFatwork of sandbags. The GoVernor had announced his purpose of not yieldingto "' a'mo'b,'L. anid had called'-upon GeneralWeol, Gf the reg4la)v' ~atnsy' for aid1 but had -been met w,ith, a refusal; fHe. had;' 'howFever, gathered about hini a :?or'cb of sevEr4t,: hundred men', - who viere encamped ih 'the vioi1iity, i 'of San Pranicisco. ' - ' ''' :.
I I - ~ LA RaEPOIf.t . . 001 RiOF. TCHAeRV? inTMN'q.iw ThTr;.v iJ flAKRflJPTlCY.-EXI.l?AITll:' W1aC3IN IM-WARX *I; ',7 (-Befqrg~'lin'fis-JirsucBsof;A=ALl :-U- Va:us,55 before.stted, ds.the-pefitiou of Mr. Wryghte,jthe offieal ninmngbr bf- the -1hiyal 'Bul of Astila, against a, 'ecision of Ar. Commnissioner Fane, allowing the-bankrupt :aC immediate ertificat of -the first class,sand rayin the -revenaal-of thit.judgiaeut.;-aud, fuyther, thattBebaukrupt . n.ay se-refased inycerliflcate hatever ;-- '~~ M'. ' an1ien' JHin -r oxburgh are forthe apeal, M-r. S*;i,6h,'-f8r gomeiof-the shareholders, is- to be heard as :if;rhi-re4instructed. with Mr. Daniel; Mr. Baeon,-,r. 'e1~la,an,d hMr. Needham (of the common law lar) are for -...e nrpt;,,, , ' - . D- .'h19 in his opening statement, gave a long ad £b.ehat' strong outline of the history-of thr Rtoal Bank -ef'Aiistcwifia nid'ibe nfortunat shareholders, atd conciluded 'with iean the. hole of the hjudgm.ent appeared isa cteaso i.the colimma of e.Tc *imu of the 27th of June last5 and need be 'reDeS4d etly so farias the same is objected to hy the appel lait5 Mr. Wryghte. MWr. Daniel said that the pmnczp.l objections lhe -ade i the allowance of any certificate at al were, that it was clear the bankrupt had in twro inst.ace an oobengit of .fraudulent preference, and aWo 'thti'a Xmenbe o te''carl 1of direc'torss he ku' tn-- "tio ed'the' out of capit;.*Iheiin ,he knew that.ita affirs U ea.e not only in a .St.of-inol,-,ncy, but;of. -hople]s irsolvency. With reard to gie frauglulent prefercnce in one cas the bankrupt iecetved -1,000?. fromi kiMr.iudsbi~, ouit of which lepi dMsr. 'lack adCo. 6001(tiougtenkers), s cedittofthe ifmin of B.-and M Boydp-stockbrokers (wlich, firm had not. .become bnkrupt). This was showvuby the examination of' 1lie bankrupt ou the 14th of January, 1856, when lie sWid, in. answer to. questions of Mr. Roxbuirgh-" I paid it "tirough . my bankers. The Messrs. Black had not 'issued any *procesg against me. They were not very press-. .ing,n -their.;demands., Tho- money-was paid on -the, :day .of-.my 'bankruptcy." With respect to the fraudulent. *3Preferenceas:to theapplcation of the .,0DO received upon s. sinm of that amount for a biU which represented the purbhae'inoney of a debentni,e of the bank, the banrrunt paid Mtr. vey8W.in banknotes, Mr.Ruasefl,150M., zndA[r.WhiWte, .501.,for salary. As to the S00. the.same examination was as folows,-still in answer to questions from Mr. Roxburgh .-- "I aid Mr. ImavyS80o. 'the morning the &is wis' opem;Od e ovd not ssued 'any writ inst me. Re v.as nopress-, mag for his demand. sof tbe debenturres was three days before the bankraptcy. My reon for selling theku ,wasaI-*as making arabgernents-aeeing the hostile attitude which Mr. Wryghte hsa..en against me-to wind up and transfer busmiss that had existedfor 20 years m the city of Lonidon into otr sn Iasmaigragens to meet the conti6igendes tbat might arie." The learned, counsel said that such-were two of the fudulent preferEnce- which.the learned commi5sioner appeared in his. judg-. x. ent to allude to by the vords'-"Ishall notenter nto the 1particulara of any othe, complsints, they seem to me to be aRl as frivolousand iihfounded as' theprecedin'." -To pass, then, to. the con'ductof.the 1ankrupt of which this Court at least could not approve, namely the fact of the banlrupt as a dfrectoi bf the bank beink a party to the declaration of a*dividend out of -capital and not out of profits, at a time when he; knew the consern was insolvent, and thus deceived the unhappy shareholders into the belief bf its prosperity. .Upon. which conduct the commis-aioner did not #ppear to make any comment. T4e proof of this -conduct (said the learned counsel), coinsisted of tha foilowlul' details :-2,fr. Benjamin Boyd beitig in Australia,' r. Wray, the 'manager of the bank; by a letter dated June ll, 1846, speaking of its notes, wrote to bilusaying-"llis (Mr. Allan's) opinion is that, in the tveat of money beconuin9 easy, the present holders may be disposed to renevw a portion, and that other parties may be inclined to invest to a mnoderate extent, if, as a proof of our Fuccesszinthecolony; wedeclaredau additional 1 percent. dividend at ourgenacil meeting, and which the directors contemplate doing." 'The annual meeting wasbheld on the 20th, and at that meeting the bankrupt was present, and accordingly ir the report thie following passage appeared h "The.affaisr of the establishment, consequent upon the greatly improved position of- the colony, coupled with the juditious and able superintendence of Messrs. B. Boyd, and J. P. IRobinson, fuDy justify an increase in the com-: pany's dividend; and in anticipation of continued pro,sperity the direreommend the adoption of this measurd to. the shaeodr. O h 9ho July the *report was publided,t sd th.e dividend wras decarbd ;and.P'Aid. Only two days afterwards Mr. Wray,--the mana,ger thus .Wrote to Mr. Robinson in Australa" You will obsm7thtthe.meetingoflastWVednesdy passed off well: but I must remark that, although we are con6dent bere of the favourable employment of the capital in' the colony, which is the warranty of our ststement, arew in a serious dilemma with respect to 26,000?. notes due to-morrow, and 30,0001. on the 16;b, and for which we depended upon recetvmg ample funds from you. The Scotch baiks will not renew them; but at the earnest solicitation -.of ir. Mark, who has been most. indefatigable, Bonar has consented to hold the greater part of those due to-morrow for six mnonths longer. Tsose due on the 16th the holders say aoust be paid, but, as it is perfectly impossible, a similar arrangement is our only. hope. If remittances are not on the way to meet these,.as well as the 4.000?. due on the Ist. end 20,00? due on-the 2d of November next, with the 26,W0001 on Petruary, 1847, the result will be not onl7 the immediate winding-up of the establishment, and the sacrifice of our present advantages in the colony, but we shall also be open to the severe attacks of those who will naturally accuse us of laving misled them." Such wag the.letter.writtbn 'two days after the declaration of 1 per-cent. aaditional dividend bv the manager of the bank, ar,d -that' dividend was deceared out ef capital when, the; bank -was in a state of hopeless insolvency, ,and- ;was ;sanctione4 by and concurred, in by the bankrapt.r In. such. a state of circunistances the commissioner thought . fit.' t grant a first-class certificate. 'Arothe-objectionto-the certificate was that an account rendered by- the an-krupt to' Mr. Borthwick represent-d that 26,000.-was to the credit of his firm with regard to consignments from Australia, while, uDon examination of the bok after the bankruptcy, the bankrmipt appeared to be indebted on this account to the, amaount of 70,43011. and 'upwards. Tnordertoreconcilethis=difetaov thebknk-rupt at a subsequent period furnished .what he designated " te reconciliation account." When the bankruptwas-examined before the commissioner the "reconciliation accout" was withdrawn, aild the bankrupt should have filly inswered the questions-Dut to him by Mr. E;oxburgh - but the' learned oommissioner-interfored, and, as the appellant submitted, must improperly, and.did not permit answers to .be given. The notes apaeared jhes:- "Mr.t Roxbxr b.-Explain the -discrepancy be tween the account renaered in 1849, shovwin'g 26,0004. due from yeor brother, and the balance which v now bring forward, as due to himu of 63,O00Z. ? Tho Comm2ssioner.-It- is impossibl] for him to do tlat. Don't --,nswer the question-I- tell you I don't require you to answer the question.- Mr. ItoKburgh-UTpon. the face of yonr banencesuhet you take redit for 7-1,291. 1Ts. 2d. as rrofits. Wilf.Yo explain that item, and show ie where it arppears hin your books? The Commisssivner.-.Hdw ean be answer that quesionul After all you are to remember that-this is the exauination of the commisaiciser, and if he objects toanny question put it is not to bh put." Then followed five other questions concerning the, bankrupt's accounts, to each of which the learned commissioner said; " You need nob- auswer thkat questioni." Such being the ruling of the le}arned cdmmissionaer, counsel acquiesced;, but, paid Mr. Daniel, as Mr. Wryght has now arrived before 'a taiunal wier,ti~utfi will. be ailow ed to be investigated, I .eeld asured that this Court ill ake a dififerent vievw, - Lord -Justice IE5IsifBR.Cu thrice asked whether the learned -couialo, iadrwbich the Court meant to represent t"Attho commiasimnes did not, state hisoeasons for not pere ymitting the questions of counsel to be icnswered by the 6ankt n Acd thrice the lediinid counsel replied thatoeithet dirietly-nor indirectly did ay bresn appear, whether in the imrmediate -or in- any remote part of the udgment.- M.DAMIRn continuedi his address by reading kt length .ai farewell -letter written, by Xr. Benjamin Boydw.wen on' beardp ashipbound for Australia, addressed to Mr. Sutherland, a director, in whiheh the followingtxrsons appeared :- i g . - rtsins -PlYmoutb, Nov. 9, 184L "As Isain now starting for thf colony I wish to direct your attention to a. few suggestions which I1 sliould like adhered to as nearly as possible during my absence. WNIth.respect to the dividend, you can afford to pay your Tpsoprietors 5 per ceut.,on the. j.1t of. October next,; for, as the Ichaiges of risingi your deposits are included in prelinilnatlos thepesmiunat Which the bills wi sell in the -6lony, and the use of the monev there at highrates for the riemain4agI six- -monuths, %ill be mosre than xuffcieict to.piay the-eupon" and adivideud of atbleast 5-per cent.; bat I 4nc ,h.Py,no means yecrmnnend, zireu i4 we were able to6 pasy, it. -a~ *ig er'onse, as t' isa-moirlikely to "tiys-popnietos vi 6uI'.prcd§466 'thani if it wero-ghit~Mr.'.'~I~ -..If _uy lhnpros-pH-etors apply' 'for- P, statement' of the'affairsm of 'the bani', i3,4u- nhistti3~piy.-to'them,-irLver.ygenferal terms.u~ ~suffpyist,tG tell.theist that the,poncernisgononsedy )mb that the.dire'i9rs1theigigt' t prodet,ithuneld :cO~ia1im~ulti~ had bhwsx oer. -If ti so eog up,a ts'ilroetuiemepropriet This wa haeelltter ofth greatorgntrfth . hes,s,aR4 hiow wRelits spirit wasacedonytebnrp -Wat thuw.Fby tke lde6liiatidn' of, dividen n f aia W dt-Tekc-e ohmi&qssoner concluddIsldgnn swtis ihe Iol ewng siphati6 w6rds ;- - ioj ayiig.hia We 3~anWoie ho iiaded ini these Pdoutt mor-gaer o. xpoe ad pnis frudsthan aIsyself. ]V accepted th otpl{c~nf~sit-v,ith pleasure,an l' ope - nmay: fromimptatonswhih tey o nt' eserve. 4I Ucerely' -Wiimt first clas cetificate with pleasure ad I hoese that' wbch b6 Feturis the tscoe 'euof his former LAbours e ill'r Weid iby his for4e'frienils and clients with as isnumel cordiility%as hbliould liave been had he never had to Ilxs ftie ordeal.of~this'cour .". - L- Their Lordships rois' precisely at 3 o'clocl;, and lorq,- paErently)'b,efore the argument for th e appeflant wiwsod _, toboghae yet to be hp do or the ae sade side. h.v ye _-
SUMMER ASSIZBS. NORTHTERN CIlR(Trr DURHAM. JULY 26. THE BURNOPFIELD MU.DER.X CsROWN COUiRT.-(Befo-re Mfr. Jwstice Wrnxm) John Cain, aged 40, labourer, and Richard Rayne, aged 44, blacksmith, were charged with the wilful murder of Robert StisliDg, of Winlaton, on the 1st of November, 1855. The. prisoners each pleaded "N ot Guilty" in a finn tone. A bill against a tnird maan named Gleeson was thrown out. The prisoner Cain is an Irishman, with sharply cut features and keen gray eyes, apparently possessing much intelligence and ouickness, but hating a hard, disagreeable expression of face and an imrpudent swaggering demeanour. He 'has gray hair, and was dressed in a blue pilot coat and fustian troweers. The other prisoner's look was mild and anilous, and his demeanour subdued and uiet. He appEetd to be a powrerfl man, andawas dressed ian ordinary fustian coat. ,Mhr. Overend, Q.C., the Hon. A. Lidde}l, Mr. Blaclcrell, and SMLr Greenbow appeared for the prosecution; Mir. Mfonk defended the prisoner Rayne; and Mr. Davison appeared It appeared from the opening of the leaned counsel for the proSecution, and from the evidence of the various witneses elted, that the perisoner Cain wcas known in the county by the name of "WhFisky Jack," he having Deen discovered using an illicit still, on wfhich acounat he ws at first aporehended after the niurder had been committed. At the ii,ne of the murder be resided in Newcastle. The other prisoner was a blacksmith living at a village called W atou, and the place where the murder was supposed to bave been cofunnitted was two nmilec from inlaton, seven from Newcastle, 16 from Durham, and a mile and a-half from the village of Burnopfield. The place is called Smaleslane. The deceased was a young man about 26 years of age, connect4d with the profession of medicine, and a Scotchman, and he had come over to England on the 20th of October preceding, only ten days before. He had come over as assistant to Mr. Watson, surgeon, but had previously endeavoured to obtain a post as surgeon to the Turldsh Contingent, and he expected almost daily that news would come of his being appoinited to that office. On Thursday, the Ist of November, he went out to atteud the natients of Xr. Watson, and in the cotrse of his caties went to a place near Smales'-lane, called Span. Before he went he borrowed from a young gentlemn -who was a pupil of Mr. Watson a watchguard, which he attached to his watch, andputround hisneck.- It -was a silver watch with gold'figmes upon it, and engine-turnei. He went and saw severa2 yatients in the direction whici he proposed to take when he left. He never came home. Mr. Watson, seeing in one of the newspapers the fact that .Lhtr. Stirling v as appointed to the post of surgeon to the Turkish Contingent, iniagined that . t might have happened that, sQeeg his uppo^stment, 3r. Stirling had gone off and join,ed his corps vwithout giving warnirn or takingleave seconsidere it had condnct,'but thought no more of it. However, he wrote to his friends,in Scotland, that the young gentleman had gone ot The father was not satisfied with this statement, being convinced his son would never leave in such a way. Accordingly he came over, and search was made, the reslts of which led to the discoveryof his-body. On Tuesday, the 6th of November Mr. Thompson, the: assistant, and a woodman named Holmes, went to search about the place where the young man had last been seen, and this being near Susales-lane they very natugally searched the adjoining woodr. ; and eventualy they found deceased in the wood, about 54 feet from the road. There wis a gap in the hedge, and a good deal of-underwood about. The body-e.vidently-had come through the gap, and lay in a dell golib down towards the river. At toe tiame thb bod was found the head was up the hank, as if itihad been puleld head4foremost, and appeared to have been dragged along the road, the righthand grasping the ground, the left shaud under him, his face bruised, his throat. cut, his dclothes torn, a wound in the belly as if from a shot, ,:Qne of his poclets turned inside out, and his watch gone-the guard still being on his neck, -and broken as if'the -watch h3d been pluched off inste-d of being .taken over the head. It was necessar thrat a post rtortsem ! ex,mtlnation shouldtake ulaceanudanincluestbeheld. The surgeon who made the ex-umination found a gunshot wound in the belly and shot marks around it. There was also a gash ia the ibroat; some teeth were knocked out, many loosened,'the nose smashed in, and a slight wound on the ,ight; eye. and on the chin. The heart and other viscers were examined, butdiscloaed nothing to account for death. The 'vound on. the neck liad not produced death, and 'the iounid in the belly would niot'have c-aused instantaneous -death, bat the man after receiving it might have uttered |a cry. On the 7th of November no clue whthbver had been obtained to the perpetration of this deed. ,It was inpossible thwt.the man could have done it hinself. f te1 questio wivis, wrhohiad done it? Investigation was iiAde on every hand, butfor a considerable time-noclue wAs obtained tothe' person vwho had committed this atroc:.r t:-Ultitat4ely,: howevr r'I ` ersoI nared.-Joeph. StoMirt, lX faTmer- xesiding- i:lp mPberl,ad,: .ppeare to have ,been siting.higpiiterat Crookgate, cloe .to Burnopsield; aflih dcbnniwer thsD&rwsnebrid to BlatdonStationa cipnisiby-his sister to the bridge,2W Or 'Iikn! tfie end- of~ Saiies-lane. ': He proceeded alongthe road ria-directiointowards th&e Towiley Arms, and not -ein acquainted with the country he took the left instead of tihright road. Binding, after, going down Smilis-lsne, hI ~~ hack, makin~~~g av-ircuit~of. the. t;Wd roxads. -7Win ghe gdti to the tuning of the road-it wag?sctl o'clock' otheistof Nove1nber-he sa*to men gst 6gon the side of the road nearostthe rive~r,*ith their hs'cks t hiia. He did not like their appearane:- 'Hav ,uponhim a',sum of money he becmire timidaneturne abakh.foweyer, jus asre he was ont the they cftrning .back, 'oe sav these twro mten, tho had ben looking upn the.- zea'ad, s;uddehly tsfrn round and .loolc at hsin.- 'HG e th'e ojippivi ' °fE saeeqrg their fas, and retreat wi-thort 6ob .servation was isiiossible. He was 'ebligedto -goiorwarird.- didb gforwaraz. T'he men looked at hk4 ah4jle oiked 4atthem. Xoithing was said, and he pased al6ng th isadi! dsolvance Stho. othegroad.i He 'had not gone'any- groat d6neb'efore he saw, bieyou'd wrhere the *oad<crosaes' a. ,yoang man e'zessed in black, wak'ing at a.qnickr' ;pte-an& s ipproachirug him,- going. in the direction-' ke~ere ~'thiese two usen wrere standling M.t Stobirt blked.p: thieyroug muan ,methim, aau nhernthey csnec ;sithinaxfewnrds of lwhere he, wsoturn tey cr,.me,in cwntact,..M, Stobnrt said, "Wa aJlnedam Sirz" oa?n-.sh'le Et~3:eWgnbrzepbied,in Scotch -dialee-' It ia avcrr fine' iday?'iOniihespirt ot tre- prosiicutiosi it.-;a.aleitfd that ' the perso a Iiif-met i.bere :as the deeeised,Robet Stirling -B a adreseed in la'ckliothes;:a younants froen2to'0 W . 5Ears old,-. ithiffistick anlisiaead which hew wi-nging. a~kin£ fast, atd aJpporetlyi.ngood .hedth. Mr. Stolfiart n,otticed 'thtf -oneoofs the twro men he' haid net-whoit. iwa- - sggeskdD wK .Can'-as- 'rather~ thorier thasn;-hist'companon,' ethat 1e led- 4ona i fustain 4aiicet:dvtbont tails,' fucstian tzon5r, -tan hhi elothe~ flH wtle ilK gxore a cap arid, ,arhat asrsinrklA in.' eirt-tyet , pizd alk.- Thc other.anan. hnaXeapEliA >adi'ir,troer4and he hd aoiniihingj nderhhiarin ,>a^,uiha'mrityh ab>ou ^ eg fthe°ez inP-t lbz. -Stobii~ iwilkired:-thia, and aso tha^t hefiad a v y-ela~ waJk He notacedttheju pAarticuarlay, foer he wa ajuieeaavo tbynu, and althougi;h-e would not awanto ehemihciMid',u5 the Ie7et of ki3[udgHent5 -those wtere the two fai Mt>; Stobart *iIAk-d shunt; hestrned tothie right, and hca ( -a' sb~ot of' a gnu,. * He tu-nsed round,and it wa n the divai etio±sexFqt,4 o the pl?4c wr}tQ!l#h=d uc Ywee fn. ls WAS £ ~ ~ ~ ~ nothina g. A person nimedXMary oijnop ims-effixtely after wa3ds came fiom. the DNrwent-brid,g~ n or to' the Toalyi: vAhis, - in- y gthe O d.wailerq lane, and if Mr. Stirling bad A ought pr Iy to have =oeWout at the end of the l&np; jntt= outQwis=e wbhen abe waspssing there. If thefe mien.badpomeout.ol the-lane theyimust have bow, ser byllobinaoa. ,bt fcither'Stirlngaor these men.cams bp,pnor any one slab, hiit-,hen ihe walkel inp -ahe;lsaw an -od6. cossogalceg,-ena tnhicom iM-W ei wmxatiebend else ehi-&he shot.-j )of Mr. Sbobatt after thb murder wra diaeverul, hi Dgal~e, ',WXW.W tvi qUis bout liar liotler, -and- it wa- iit icozA uenleeof tlsis tbat the facts known - by . Stoba to 'were leantu and 13ev/as asked to come overaudaee if he coild eLvo lanySinfcTmatioie. ,.ca , Wn,as taken to the -plaee4f4to varaer indbeRid, "Novr, Ican pieyouitiforietion-dis was the spotser. I et thee.b - le" lEr. Stes exeedingly cantioin thLe anner ie v his teeti;jopy. H[e wes not showrn either of the prisoners ntul tbe 14of i3erCembe Ray- -w tI uin y-mong soine otbhai,: d be pointed aim out a one of thesmen.' There was another smn itwsugested, was one, but Mr. Stobart aa&/-'fo he isnot." Alittie-morf thana.month after them ur;4r. |n theo 11th of Decembei, Cain wra in uastody -withi se'erxl other prisoners, and 'was Picked out by 31r. Stobart . He said, "Tbat -is te mian.' Buppouing)these two-persons coimiiitted- -the murder, what: D . of Ahmnt-afterwads? The -prisoner. Vein, in aice of the Wood, bad , wisk tl, Uand- a person aight with the gratest possible eae go lon2 these woodsi- without' ceo,4ng ataTl into the ropen ields- and it was so seget.d- ou the part- of the prosectioOn.- Cain -had a still a- this place, whircwa discovered some tine 'afterward-_,snd it wabiben he Was tLken into custody for. evading the custoins. Oni of the prisoners e, was Aaid to have a gun,, or some-thing like a gun, under rhis arm, and it appeared that on the 8th of Novetnbet tls having taken place on-the-lat, he nledged a aun, which he took out- of his pocket,-to a pu6Iican named Robeon, at Winlaton, for some drink. Am0 t immediately after the report s man named Robin-son, who was workingin. a field, saw a man come out of the wooil, and as if lie was coming to the field, but immediately rhe sawrobinson in the Sield Jhe went back again. That m ran ws w arring a gun. It might be that it ws onu of these Swo men, or it Miglt be that there were three men engaged in it. Hte next thing that occurred Was the body. having been found and a great nsuy Ipersons went to see the place; and five days after the 'occurrence a lad found a buttton near the place of the niurder. This wa sMmo t important fact. The button hAd a -copper Shank, Land was Wrlcularly scratched. It wee a g t deal worn, and was a waistcoat button. The buttont lwaslanded to. the 2olice, whao ade iUnuiries to adol, button tocorrespondain the shops and othir places, -biVtdid lnot succeed. Cain being taken into custody for his ilicit -stDl in his house was found a waistcoat. On it were tiLree - buttons, and the fourth waa wanting. The two lower. buttons were compared with the one found on the spot qf Aes murder, and exactly corresponded. After the prisoner was taken into-custody, on the 5th of December, it was, ascertained he had a knife, srach as aman's throat might-have been cut with, and on the spring there were stains, which Dr. Robinson, of 'Newastle. proved were made by blood. -Cain was, when in custody, asked if ho knewthe place, wlhere the body was found. He said, "He had never been tbere before or since." That, if true, negatived the assumption that he could have dropped the button by going, like the -rst of the public, -to 'see where th body was found, On the 2d of Norember,three wee-s after the murde-, Cain cane to the house of Thomas Watson at CollEerley Dykes. Elizabeth Stockley and Mrs. Watson were there, and, in conversation, Cain said he knew " the place of the murder as well as their house flooGr' Stockley said a jobber came past 20 minutes after the murder -ras committed, and fwas thecirstmanthatpassed. Cainsaid, "No." Hesaid, "I seed the first man who came past after the murder within 20 minutes, and he was c-n horseback." That had been acertained to be true. Stockley said Stirling's head was beat in, and Cain [said it was done with the butt end of a gun. The prcsecution did not know thatit might have been done with a stick or a stone. Storkley said, &I wonder the jobber didn't see the blood," and he answered, " It was more spsilled amonlg the gross." Tha4 was also true. This description was either that of a 'man ho himself saw it. or heard it from others who *ere there. He also said 4'There was a man ploughiiag on the right side of the road, and he could just look throngh the trees and see it "'and that " had he been at the bottom of the field, instead of the top, he might have seen it done." This dso wwas tre, as had since been ascertained. Whoever were the two men in Smales lane, Cain, in his statement, said that a man came out of the lane vith a gun, and this, with other circumstauces he detailed, showed tbat, he -by some means knew aU the particulars concerning the -murder. Cain also stated that there c asquickset hedge at the place, and that the body had been triled into it for the length of 20 yards, which was perfectly correct. Cain, immediately after this conversation, became silent and very dull, and left the house without partaking of any breakfast. The onlr identification of bWc men havin- been in Smales lane at the time of the muder was by Kr. Sto'art. It was only by circumstantial evidence that the guilt of tho prisoners at the bar could be established. Stirling, -whenhe ws murdered, had swatch, and his pocket wasturned inside out, His watch, and whateverelse hehad was gone, and it was clear that whoever committedc the murder was not actuated by revenge ormaligoity. Mr. Stirling's watch, if it couId have been found, woudf have been a naterial circumstance against either of the prisonern, and in consequence every endeavour had been made to ascertain -whether any person had been dealing with it. On the 2d of November, the day after the murder, between 3 and 4 oclock in the afternoon, a person came to a pawnbroker's shop in this city, kept bY Wiliam Rain, whore hie sawr the servant girl. -He asked the gtl if her -master was in, wxhen she rephled, "No, but that her Mistress was." He then said he had got a watch -for pledge, be, on the mistress seeing aim she rifused to takeit, in comseouenee of nothaving alicense for receiving silver. The person appeared very urgent,-and offered the watch at first for 30s., end then afterwards Came down to 4s., in order topersuae her to take it. Whoever the man was, it was certainly a remarkable c1rcumstance that he shoulsd come dowtn from 3Os. to 4s. for the watch. 3mBaine at the time did not know of the marder ;but she distinctly and positively said the prisoner Cain wai the man who offered the watch for jpledge. At the inquest% she swore to the prisoner Rane being the rsan, as a3so did the servant girL As the watch was unfortunately not taken into pledge, the only way in which it could be identified as the watch belonging to young Stirling was by the report she gave of it. r. Sitir3ing had a silver fwatch with a silver fare and g,ilt letters representing the dial, end also an engine tulred back; and with respect to this w;atch, the deXscription given of it by MIrs. Riaine corrnespinded wFith the v.atch in the possession of Mr. Stirling on the day of the murder. It had alsoattached to it3half ofabrol.en v;atchgard; and the watch offered by the roan, waho was suggested to be the prisoner Rayne, had a simitlar piece of watcsbgnard upon it. It- was J 'gged at the ends, and w, as net ct. Tayne ;was after wp,rds taken into custody, and- was charged with the murder on the 18th of NWovember; and when Mrs. Raine made her stateintent regarding the wa3tch ofiered for pledge, the prisoner said that he never hacs been in Dcrham in his Life, and told her tha' she was mistaken. But about 2 o'ock of the afternoon of the day after the murder a witness named P.obertDavidson, coachmanto G. T. Fox, Esq., saw the prisoner Cain in comipany withanotbertalerinan (the prisoner Rayne is taller) looldng into the shop of Mr. Marshall, of Durharn. Davidson noticed their dress and their features, and on the 28th of February he picked out Cain from among other prisoners, and also Rayne as the man who wPs with him; and about half-past 9 o'clock another witness, named Thomas Jackson, saws man named " WhiskyJack" (Cain) in company with another man in Gilesgate, Drhaam, nearly opposite the shop of Mr. saine, the pawnbroker. Whoerer shot'Stirling and dragged his body into the evood must have had his dcothes or shirts marked with blood; -and, shoretly after the event, one of the prisoner's shirt4 was foundwith blood on the breast and sleeves. It appeared -that a girl named. Elizabeth Wilson, servant 'with Mrs. Birkley, vwo keeps a publichouse in the Castle-garth, Newcastle, freauently saw " Whisky Jack" atthe house, and had seen him bring spirits to Mrs. Xirkley. If Wilson's otory were correct, there could be no doubt but that Mrs. Klirkley Inew she waas doing that which was improeer in taking sDirits in the way she did, and on that accouit the prosecation declined calling her. The girl, however, stated that she rose early one morning, and on going into the kitchen she found "Whisk ,,ack" there asleep. On being awoke he asked her if she had got much to do, and ask ed her if she would wash him a shirt? There was another ma with Cain, but that man, was not the prisoner Eayne, but that mar, whoever he was, had a gun. This gun, therefore, coul not be iyne' property, as his wgor ws thenin pledge. The .iltold Cain that shehD d no -objectionl to> wash hi an -shir, provided he got her mis. -trs's conset. Cain then pulled off his coat, whien she ,ThMerved'that he bad twro shirts on-one white sand the other blue. ~Cain Pmulled off the wrhite onc, and said he had worn it three weekls or a-month. -The shirt she found was covered with blood, both on the breast and on the sleeves, :and the -ltter so mnuch so as to appear as if they had been rung ouL On finding this se said, "Canny man, where have you been?' -when Cain replied, " i iso use saying = ny- thing, aLs I ha 'e been here, there, and everywhere. Ihavc beea;- sinning s hare; and if anybody asks you -about the shirt you must say so." As to thhe other man he also gave- -shirt to wash more bloody thbai that of - Whisky Jack's."' "Why," said the girl, '"you have not both been killing a hbae" upon which the men both laughed. -They next asked for -something to- clean a gun, for which they 'got a -piece of rag; after which -they left the house, and jn theirleturni theshirts being ready, they got the;z, and tookg their detre Xr. Stirling, at the time-he was 'Althoug'h certai laucets had been found early aftir the 3murder, j7et-it-wasliot until within asabort time ago tliat the olaisoet- and laucet' case belongingMr.;Stirling had been-identi,-hed. Thty-wereffered for saleto a-gentieman in Durham by san intimate friend- of Caini, who lived close-to tbis place where Cmiii was' seen on Friday, the 2dl ofNovember-- Ce:ir -on that-day was'at the house of a-person named Gleason, *whO:tw'o or three weeks afterwards offered them as stated. This was the whole-of the evidesace, -'hichL differed, iin some :re5pecte% ag regar&i the prisonars - - -, :ru The evideuotjibsa opLeved Was -proved indeai n~ tccu -pi!d th~e Crttill lIa-pi~AT' on11riday iiiht, ae h having been placed Ot thLe bar Ire." t> jury on behalt>n the strongly on the fact tlt, exo- w.ne6s Stohr, .wio said mionlie--swin the rb there ion against-the prisonec: The ws*won to -bycMrsi7Jtaine, while lier -servant- swore the w. only one .man the The a iehoua -at Newca1li and Ahed- acn'w*tIl 4CaE-s waa mer Rayin by the fiervant n&l-whb,r E.a-yn st9x hxa te . effect,i ho-spo* not Ausvely, provedt tZt was men w art-. Nlewcstle, who whd-n It'm:' . '5A *agiot tbh
NORFO7J.C fl79nTrTrP NORWICIE FRIDAV .Th,v 9O' NISI =S COUMT.-(B,fore Lord C7hief Justice CA3rpa:P ond a ciy JUry.) HlALLAM V. WM~nn Mr. O'Malley and Mr. Evans were counsel foz the plaintiff: Mr. Power appeared for the defendant. This was an interpleader cause, the question raised for the decision of the jury being whether a quantity of goods includingsi goldvatches, rings, watchkeys, sundry articles, of jewelry, clocks, tools, shoes, slippers, a barometer, and some titledeedsof a property in Australia, were the property of the plaintiff or the defendant on the 9th of F'ebraary last, when they were seized by the police of Norwich in the no-se of the plaintiff, under a search warrant procured by the defendant. From the pecu,liarity of the case we are induced to give the evidence on both sides almost in extenco. James Hallam.-I am the plaintiff. In 18441 was living in Van Diemen's Land, where I married Mrs. Galley, msiy present wife. I had been butler at the Government-house, and turnkey at the eaol. We kept a store, and then a lodgimg house at Geelong. The defendant lived there also, land came tous. He lived ina tent, as onrhouxsewas full. BEe wa hawker of watches. The defendant sold off bis stock a4d went away to Brunswick. We sold off three months after and came to Norwicb. We left on theIst of inly. I told him I was going. When defendant left he left his bed in, his tent, and a. iew tools lying. about in the mud. which.I admit to be his propertv, hut nothing else except the titledeeds. I claim to hold them en a, security for 451., -which he owes me. MY wife knows more about the dealings with the defendant than I do, as I -was at the dig litgs. Cross-examined,-I was not convicted and transported for receiving stolen property. I was tried and acquitted. The proFprty belonged to the East India Company. I vas charged with carryiDg it ini My Cart. I wan a carman, I went out to Van Diemen's Land three months after. It was no use my staying in Lcndon any longer, so'l went X away,, and worked my way Out. I swear the siX old .watches were in myprivate house, and the rings also whn the defendant went away from Geelong. - I bought some of the things after our retur Re-examined.-When the defendant left my hoausejswear -I had in my possession all the Property cow claimed b- hi6s *exseptwhEat I havehought in Plorvwich-. Henevsrclaijj,ed ar^ oXfthem -as his,:except-thedeeda: Isafd. heneveifshould -iavethem-unlesa he paid me the money he dwed-ime.L cance scveral times, and at last I pulled his nose and kicked,nm fout:of_my-house. Mywife and heEused toga artners< an purchases of jewelry and so, we had in our house the _r watches and bags of rings and keys which he claims,: They * are mme. u M-rs Hllam.-Iarnthewifeof the plainiffi Ivwentto F ian Temen's.land -A1836. I was sent there. I was hoasekeever alHorsley-ball, and there I-fell into the meshes of tl&la,wI aTeXr dsimple manlier. ltlwasabont two of my-! mittress's chemis, which I took instead of m Iia ,e t ore:bcrnaeoted' atsessions foi- ~s~eaeiSe I' misxtrxnLes the,n to,34r.Gal Inst eparatedruns si9y dr,e:dewen yemkrs ned a Mr . be d -a fi ~ ' I f av - .y rd; e, vcno'.suce Icame! hosue,, buet,h'e isianrie,d "L&i- eMPBELi-Gooa graicsst, Ar.ey' all Noztek penein tscse 9 * , h[.E,NS-otrl ylrd'ny* Galley. Xod'CAarBD Lr.-lam-veryglad to hear i< Go on. Mrs. XHallam, resumed.-I first knew Robe in 1850. 'One of his daugahter m bntolivd wwith me gratis after his wife's -Adatk in 1'53. I hadnoise of the things jin dispute when If 'married Hallam. Rob6 used to oome backvwirds amd for; waids to our house at GeeloDg before. he lldged regularly. We used toL keeps. store, bt in 1853, when uobe came to live'-with us, we had-given that up, ind kept0aloogii3 house. My huiband was then at the diggings. Ilhad several small dealings with 1obe for Watches a'd *;timepiece. I bought I'the timepiece from him for 74., ind for the walsh anLd chains 1 exechanged the first gold I had ent frorw the diggingss Ain his request I went into the jewelry trade largely with him, We bought a whole invoice of' wvatches, kes., and xn'ihg from Brcown ansd Brotherst, of Melbone. iWe took theI home and divided them. Someof thethings we bought theni are in this list. I paid .obe 371. for 'hat I took by a ch*lk` oh my hankers. Soune of the' things belonged 1t6 our store-not the jewelry.' The gold cEain 'was ry#' own. I have:had it for a long time. I usec it for mhy eyeglass. I am shortsighted. i bought it after I lived' withHallani. He gave ine the. titledeeds at first, but I refused to accept helm.. He' lift -thenm with me, and' when he was going he asked for them. I refused to letliim have them unless he paid me for his lodging. He said, if I was determined to keep them I had better take them to' Mr. 'White, whowould give me 454 for my bill, oi toyato' that amount for theim, and would take care of tho:deeds for. him. He nAned.451., but I anted niore. That WAs&a mitigated sum. Afterwe cars,eto Norw;ch vrebouglit afe-r things on the list. The defendant two or three times wished, lne to come home to England vvith' him. .e took berths for himself and me, and wadiyrt ef the pasge money. He wished 'to substitute -hssself for M£r. Halam, butlI declined. Ilesaidtome,afterweallcame to lKorwich and he had seized the goods, "Ieave HIallam and livewvith me and I shall beoconten$., I wvant you end you onlyg. Wht's the use of squabbling about the thingh?" Cross-examined.-Mr. Robe lived in a tent, as our house Fvas full, but boarded with us. I know he bad a shop afterwards, with 3001. worth of property in it. B did not go to Brunswick to look after some property Hof is son's. He went to look after x Mrs. Moore, wh a rgant by him.. weAnnu 'AhIon.-I m Mrs. Hallam's niece. I went to 'Iiobe?s lodgings after the goods were seized. I heard him Eay he had given her some of the articles seized. Hezaid " he did not care what he gave her ifshewoild but be his." He loved,the.ground she walked on." I heard her sag to him, " Did I not take half thewatches of Mr. Brown with you 7" He'said, "I know you did, bui what of that? yon bave nothinm to show for.it, and they will take my word before. yours.' Samuel Jacobs.-I sold Mrs. Hallam a watchkey and ring xince she'camne to Norwich. Mr. Powxre addressed the juryfor the defendant, whom he represented as -a hardwiorking emigrant, who, hsLvig~ unluckily faULest in; with the plaintiff and his-supposed,wife, :whosechair.cters werenowbeforethe jury, had beeuregularl' plundered by them both. In support of his case he called the defendant,' who seemed to be a respectable old gentle man. - James Robe.-I carry on business at St. Ive's as a watcn, maker., In 1836 I emigrated to Van Diemen's Land with a v'ife and six children. I carried on my trade as a watchii aker 10 years there. I left with 2001. and went to Mel-. bourne. I carried on my business there .iL years, and saved omeO money. I sold my business for 1001., acd bought two estatesfor201. ando51. Thefirstis thattowbichlthe titleeeeds relate. I left and went to Brunswick where my tecond.property was Mywifedied there. I went with one. daugbter to Geelong, where 'I bought a business for 6261. Thins is the receipt for the purchasei-money. The shop was v'ell stoc3ked. My dauaghter and'i liied ih ateat on HIa lam's pm-mises. I was to pay 21. a-week for remaining there. The shop I bought was a milc off. MIrs. Hlam i rooght my teals there. She did notbring up my daughter gratis asher child, Whaile I was there 'Imissed several articles of jewelry. I sold the business for 4801. I had some of my stock on my hands after the sale, which I gave in charge to Mrs.Haam before I leftforBrunswick. I- iave her all the watches, some§ brooches, rings, and. (ther t.higs. I was absent 10 or 12 days. I had taken my daughter to one of her sisters before. When 1 returned I found that both the Hallams and all my Iroperty, as well as theirs, was gone. The house was mpty. I consulted a magistrate, who advised me to follow theu. The goods I deposited with them were worth 601. or 701. Ihad no money left, as I had lost 150. by the sle of the shop. I went to Calcutta on the 20th of August, 854, arHived in two months, and got employment for ei ht nr onths, -when I came home with my present wiff, rs. Moore. IarrivedinEnglandinNovember'last. IwenttoSt. Ive's to mybrotherand a magistrate, whoreferred meto Norv ich.wherelheardtheHallams were. .IhadheasdMrs Hallam was a Norwich woman. I got a search wairant for Hillan's house, where he carried on a groceers-.shon. i found the articles I claimed there. I had givenl to Mros. Hallam those to keep for me, and a gret amay other' things which I did rot claim, as I could not identifyAthem to iny satisfaction. Eome of the books bear my name and writingi, and the watches I know by the boxes in'which theyare packed. Soon after I came here Mirs. Hallam and-aer niece Asiked me total-ea swalk, and offered to make it up. I said. 'iam ready to do so." They asked what my terms were, and I wrote out this paper for them to sin,' giving un the Ecods to me. I said, if that was done would stop the proceedings. ;HJallam would nlot sign it- It;is.not true that ladIworshipped or would kiss the grou~nd-Mrs Halflam walked on." It is not true that I took., passage for Mrs. 1H aam, and forfeited it. I did forfeit my own, because 1 visbed to stay longer on business I married Mirs. Moore lefore I 'went to Calcutta, and she livesawith me now. Cross.examined.-I never tried to getL into Mrs. Hallam's I edroom. I never asked her to live with me or be m wife. I never expressed any affection for her in particular, except as a landlady. I did not admire her-not much, except in the way of courtesy. I am sure I don't.mean courtship. I had known Mrs. Moore eight months before I married her. I leftLondon to go out with five watches, three Dutch clocks, a! d 1&a Gd. in may pocket when I vwent en board. I fol- lo,ed these peopinle phome echwiefy ^ormy titledeeds, which I, hope to be very valuable. The estate is 10 acres, is called '"Tullimaree," and is new worth 4001. at least. 31r. O'MALLLE, in his reply, saId it was his duty, as counsel to the plaisntiff, to put forward his case according to his instructions and to the best of his ability. The whEole' case Nsas now ripe for the decision of the jory, and the would judge between the plaintiff and the defendant;b he was bound to admit that the fact o h eedn' marriage with Mrs. Moore had tagen him by surprise, and' .shaken his reliance on the enthbusiastic expression of love attributed to the defendant by the plaintifts wife and her Lord CAmvuBELL having held that, as regarded the titledeeds, the defendant was entitled to them as well as his tools, which were admitted to be his property by the plain-. tiff, left it to the jury to say whether they would give credit to the evndence ot the plaintiff aud Mrs. Ballam, or to that. of the defendant as regarded the rest of the property~ claimed by the latter, who seemed to be an honest, industrious man, and free from imputation, which was more than couldbe said of the antecedents of the plaintiff and Mrs. The jury at once found a verdict for the defendant. This was the last cause in the list, and, Mr. Justice Coleridge having been suddenly called up to London last night, the Chief Justice disposed of the few remaining eases in. the calendar. REGINA V. ChIARLES COE.-REGCNA V. MAFIA VASSAR These were two somewhat extraordinary cross-indict2 ments for perjury, arising out of an application by a girl named Maria Vassar, for an order of affiliation upon Charlea Coe, whose case was first' caDed on. 3Mr. Carlos Cooper appeared for the prosecution; MIr. Prendergast and Mr. Evans were counsel for the defendat;, Cbaries Cce. Thedefendant, vwho is aged 26, is the son of a respectable; fas' :er living at Terrington,St. Clement's, and Maria Vass:r; a girl of 18, is the daughter of parents in humble circuin: stances in the same village, situate about 41 miles froni Lynn. Having been delivered of a bastarT2 child in the uiaion, Maria Vassar charged the defendant; Chsrles Coe' with being the father, and swore -before the magistrates that she saw the defendant at Lynn on the 31st of July list, 'when he told her he woul'd drive her home if she would call for, him at the Rammjer Inn; that she missedhbin4ana Mwalked home, and beet himn afterwards in the vMillage, whei th6y walked about together allthe evening till past IL -At that hour Coe took her to the' house of Mrs. Yang. who-lived near her father'sind udnockilsg them up,mide4 arrangement for herboard and iedging there, on the plea o'f her having been turned' out by her father. The Kings' having assented to this, they went to bed again, leaving the girl and Coe in the kitchen, where intercourse took place which led to the birth of-the child.in question. After this she said Coe visited her at Mrs. King's four or five nights es ery weekforseveralmonths: In ordeftocorroboratethistale, Airs. King was called,but, to the surprise of everyone presenT, that person distinctly contradicted the whole story of the girl in so far as Coe was ooncerried, whose interference and visits she totally rejudiated, asseiting thatthe girl had corne' alone and was admitted on the Vround that she had been kicked out byher father oi his discovering that she was ip thefamlywy b a an named Wright. 'Upon this the otdeh was about to be' refused, when the defendant, fortunately for hnimsef, offered bimself as a witn.es, a.ad swore teat he never hail had any connexon with th,e girl, and had never walked ten yards with her in his life.- Upon this' the magistrates 'not only refused the order,- hbt 'directed the girl to be pr&secuted for perjury.' This'Isuddeh and unexpected result of the inquiry created a great deal of' talk in Terrington, and in a short 'time three or four yoi'tlis cameforward and stated-tbat they had seen Coe walking in the fields and about the village duting the nigl1tin question;. and wvo girls also stated tha the beada seen t'hm "'sittiign' on the parson's wall," he having a.ss arm round her wvais. Upon tus,a second application was made by the girl to tle magistrates, -who thereupon reversed their former decisio4, for they adjudged Coo to be the father of the' girl's child, and ordered' him. to .be, prosecuted .for the perj-ry on the first application. Against this adjudication Coo appealed, abd called, in addition to Johh King and his wife, the midwife of the union, hc. prove,d that the child ivas a full-grown ninemonths'Ychild t'ereas I it had been onlybornseven nionthsanda-hasfafter the lst6fj August, and a tan,naned pD'kBRickaby, who swore that 'it was' '-who' *as' valking':oa .that --ight', withi 'hlaria "Vassar, and that' he. was .not' surprised xhen,' she told 'him she vas in.'the_:familyway. -by .,him. This: hint he' swore induced' hin' to enlist :inlto. the 1th'Hussars, while .a spirit of truthfulness anfd fair play to Coe-ifduced him to come forward 'when he -heard she had fathered'her child on' that person. 'The effe'cu of all the contrAdictory e-vidence..was. that..the,benth-was. equaly divided, and the appeal' was 'adicurned. in. order that. the1 result'of the two indictments might.be ascertained. -O the resentoccsion the charge againstCoewas supported4by Maria' Vaaar, 'who adhered to her eriginal story, tadding thereto that on e evening she and'Coe were discoered :by S,; 7. . j TW-girls ina-sitution-w hich-left no doubM-of 41eicrtiminal Intimacy, and de_ys treqohtelj'*$hatsbef had ever vdked with Dick P,ickal6ye;-tu,*Tiincirfoel'st'oF^ugnst, or had ever hia! A*ythIg,ng'to- dothjliw;i, fheWvrs corrobrated by the twoE erh,ee iio- lfod'r the-first thne, znd. * b,tl,.s and . inen.who bad sup- ported her tv nee:nethe se iid pplicaton and? t the;r wessions. For the defen'd nt.I t?,i'eotbr.ban'd his'tes was aled. to- prowver anihi_b.or4 thei isig,htof_t6im Ist of' 'AugUst, nd&Mr. a- d Mrm Kingepeatd.theer f6nner testi-- 'nrioeny, a:didihe -inidwsfe and Dick,'Ei~h ckfiby ' o' appeared n hiSiuniform, and siidj^ "-he ,stoodt in' tose clothes oD' account of aria Fassard' n ,a,iition.to these witnesseiWs a. 'rl, who -was also condnedin the unior with Mars Vasssr' sworeb that toung ldy to swear her" rcxild to.a rich father, as she was going todo, rather than t a i-6or fellow who could not support it. i The CnRu Jmsncg having sumed up the 'whole case to the-jury, they returned a verdict ef Gulilti, and tha defend ,ant wvas thereupfon sentenced' totwo 'years' unpni'onment,n 'with bard-lAhour..- r. lEvA~sj'who appeared with Mr. Power for the prose ' <ct tion against 3iarla~ assar, then intimated his' intention to withdraw fromn th2t charge, asnd a -erdicW of ANo uW,i't *sc taker.a;cordingly.. 6 I ~ IPSWICH, JULY 26 ;Lord- Campbell, having opened the commission for the county of Sufiolk to-cay, repaired to Chauntry, the residence of Sir Fitzroy Kelly, to n eet a distinguished y'st, including his Grace theDuke of Wellington, the High Sheriff, the Earl of Stradbroke, Sii E; Ghooch, M.P., aii2dsome members of the circuit. Theiilrl'buelness for the abrty is expected -to be heavy, but the calendar presenti onflyonbcase of publicintereetin tibslhape ofa charge against t,he pnncspas and seconds engagea in the recentrpiize figt tlentloy. It is also expected thantandictment will be jireferred against one of the xailviay officals, founded on hiS alleged refusal to aid the. police in their laiudable attempt~ to put a stop to' `the 'procteeig-- Both' these -cases have attracted considerable interst. in. the tDown and' dounty, as 'well as among the, sporting fraternity, ind the result of the ltter is looked for wtith great anxiety.
UAmuP r.Tpti rTi AIDSTONE. JUT,Y.2r,.. The business of these assizes wais brought to a conclusion late last night. Mr. Justice Erle got through the criminal business in the middle of the day, and he then proceeded to try common jury causes, and was so occupied until nearly 7ocok he evening,vwhen the list ks got through. (Befere tae Crrizp BAnEO aznd a Commosn JTury.) HOIVZS V. WYALTON. Thiswas-anaction to recover damages for assaultand false imprisonment. The defendant pleaded a justification. Mr. Serjeant Parry and Mr. Woollett were counsel for the plaintiff; xr. Serjeant Shee and Mir. Deedes were for the defeindant. IThe circumstances of this case were of ratber a pecliar cha-acter, and the cause occupied the Court nearly two 'days. It appeared that the plaintiff was a youn m3 an of tespectability and possessed of some property, and -resided 'in the vilage of Halstead in this county, and the defendant as a blacksmith- and parish constable at the same place. 'The -action, was bronght to recover dlamages fr-om the d4efendant, for having, as was alleged, without any just ca8use,-handouffed the plaintiff, conveyed him in a cart to the lockup at Sevenoaks, and afterwards confined him in hbis ovm ounse all night with tho handcuffs on. The plaintiff, it appeaLred, at the time-the trafisaction took place, pwhicnh was on the 3d of March, was courting a young wromnan namne d Rokann' eVhitehead, the danughter of a reasiectable nerson in the viLage of Halstead; and in the evening he was at the cottage with his-intended until nearly 8 o'clock, when lie went away, and-proceeeed to a [publichouse in the neighbourhood, wherqi be h.ad some lior anitwoulseemtt he then, -for somepurposeor other, which did no' clearly appear, returned to Rosanne's cottage, and, either seeing' or fancying be saw something thbat displeased hirm, he flew into a violent rage, d-shed in the windowv-frame, and broke all the windows in the kitchen, and behaved in such a violent manner that; the defendant was sent for, and he took the plaintiff into custody and placed handenffs on him. He afterwards conveyFed him in a cart to Sewvenoaks, at which place there-was the nearest lockop, and he there wanted to lock him up for the nioht - but the wife of the superintendent of police, who hac the'charge of the place, refused to receive the charge. The plaintiff thers promised to pay for the damage be had done, - and also the defendant's expenses, and he wanted tsB latter to take off his handcuffs, but he told bim-that hen ad lost the key. The plaintiff's hands, which were -cut ;severely by his proceedings in breaking the windows, were, it peared, bleeding all this time - and, finding that he could not leave4him in, the lockup at Sevenae h eedn placed the laintiff in his cart, and returned with in to Halstead, and it appeared that both on going and returning they stopped at several publithouses, and at one of them four pots or gin and beer heated, anid -which I everage is known by the name of " gin-hot," were imbibed 1 y the plaintiff and defendant and some other persons, the former having the handenils on all the time. Upon arriring at UaL4ead the defendant took the plaintiff to his owr house and he and another constable sa' lup with him all night, the 1.1sintiff being stil handcuffed. On the 'following 'morningthe plaintiff was taken before MEr. Atkins, a county magistrate, who at once dismissed the charge and ordered the handcuffs to be removed; and, upon the defendant inquiring of the magistrate who was to pay him for his expenses and. the ±rouble he had been rat, the mnagistate told him that he must pay them himself. The plaintiff -was then released and the arement action was brought to recoVer damages for th e treaisnent he had been subjected t-o up'on the night in' Ihe plaintiff was csNed as a witness, and he proved the abov fats. an silo amited hathe -was affe~cted by iquor andinnstate of gredamt excitement 3 at the tiame he broke rise windows and when the defend-nt first caine to him. l3e also stated, in cross-examination, thit when he went ba^k to the cottage he fancied that he saw a man sitting on his Rosanne's lap, and that without any more ado, or giving any warning,le at once dashed in'the kitchen window, and he then discovered that there was no one in the room but his sweetheart and her grandmother, and that his Enspicions were unfounded. The case on the part of the defendant was, that under the circumstances he was perfectly justified in taking the steps he did to restrain the plaintiff aund that if he had not done so, some serious act of violence would have been commuitted by him. It was proved that upon his making the fancied discovery he was in such a dreadful state of excitement that the defendant was obliged to call in the assistance of another constable, even after he had been handcuffed. It also appeared that after he was brought back to Halstead, the -Whiteheadfamily wvere so apprehensive of violence that they begged the defenidant "1for God Almighty':i sake"7 to -ee th painiffn smeplace of security alll nighit, and he sai, buthe 'at for this he should have released hbr. The CminEF B AIOo having summed up, The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff-damages, Is. GILEENSTREET V. SUMNER. This was a special jury ease. The action was brought to recover damages from the defendant for having unlawfully andwithout probable cause exhibited articles of the peace agjainst the plaintiff, and caused him to he falsely im- Mr. erjent Prryand r. Hll ere counsel for the plaintiff- r ChamXbyeras, (.0., aEnad .tDeedes for the Serjeant PARRY said, the plaintiff was a poor man, living at the parish of Xingwold, near Dover, and the defendant was the Rev. Charles Vernon Holme Sumner, the rector of that parish. The plaintiff had been for a considerable time in the service of the former rector, the Rev. Mr. Moningr, and at his death he was left a small annuity, and he went to reside in the vihlage, and worked at his trade as a carpenter. It appeared that he was in the habit of quarrelling v.-th his wife, and by this, and some other proceedings, he had rondered himuself obnoxious to the defendant, whio desired to get him out of hsis parish, and, according to his inatructions the ille gal proceedings of which he now complained were r.esorted to with that object. The learned counsel then proceeded to state that on the 23d of May the plainrtiff was taken before the magistrates at Dover, upon a warrant obtainied at the instance of the defendant, wbich alleged that the defendant went in fear of bin life or of somne personal injury from the plaintiff, and when it was found that. there was no evidence whatever to support such a charge, and the magistrates were about to dismiss it, the defendant made a forther deposition to the effect that he had heardI that the plaintiff had threatened to dlo -him some Tersonal injury, and' tbat if the plaintiff were remande he should be able to produce evidence in support of his statement. IUpon this it appeared the magistrate committed the plastiftogoltlite fllowngTeady, ndhwasconveyedl to the borough gaol of Dio0vweir, anndremdainedthere5unil the 27th, when he was again brought before ihe mnagistrate.s. NTo further proceedings, it appeared, were theni taken in reference to the orignal charge, but -the plaxintiff was examrined by some medical men with a view to show that he wvas of unsound mind and iot in 7 fit state to 'e at' large; bu.t this was not made out to the satisfaction of the Bench, and the plaintiff was eventually discharged. I Stephen Greenstreet, the plaintiff, was called as a witness, and he proved the facts as above stated, and also positively deniedzthat he had ever made use of any threats towards the defendant,- or done anything that would justify hun -in calling upon him to provide sureties to keep the peace. - tUp-on 'eing cross-examined by Mr. CSAmBERats; he said that t-he defendant had been very kind both to him anid his oivife when they were ill, and had sent th6m things from bis own hose. H saidthat h had pairof pistols in I he house, but they were generally unloaded; but when he beard that these was a warrant out against him he loaded them, hut he denied that he intended to make use of them, orthathea tatedthataregimentof soldier-sehonldnottalrehibn. -He admitted that when he bea-d of the warrant he told his wifeshae had bett-er go, and that he then barricaded; the house, and that the polic-emen who took him had got thi-ough the window when he opened it to speak to them, and that when he was talken into custody three knives were taken from him and an axe was lying by 'his side. He adsnit' ed' having told the conLstable that if Mfr. Sumnter had comet to hirn:he should have told himn someothing that he wouild not forget, and he explained that he meantle should have no doubt offended him very much. ln answer to further questions, The plaintiff said -that the cause of the quarrelling with his wife was a suspicion he entertained that he was not the father of her chldren, and he told a very extraordinary tale of his being constantly insulted by boys getting up into the tr-ees in the churchyardc that adjoined his garden and eapos. Ji:gothemselves to him, andl he saiu that men were also in X'hebaait of doing the same thing:' He also said that-the b oys in the village were in the habit of settinig dogs at him, and he -was quite sure that upon one particuilar oceasion a- dog was set at him. He sa-id that -he used sometimes to~ keep a loaded pistol under his bed, and upon one occasion heaccused his *iferof having poison secreted under her.pillow. Hebeliev-d that he only said this in joke,- and he iieverfirmly believed it. He admnitted also that he might have said mhany other things that he could give ~no-explana- - tion of0 -The Ci.~ BAAON at the cloe-i of the plaintiff's. cas exresed is pinon hattheactoncould not be sup-- portd. H wasdoubful hethi. uder the-form of.thepleadigs, wich ws somwhatnusua, hehad thle po'wer to tepth cae ~y xprssig is pinonthat there ~was. r .%rAa=@1|t O. F2Nam-. PUR i1 'JI3-1]5'0oasllp- nponunelfi dteide tile V'qbfi,- mia direct t,3u;r, it ,w9,ould ,be'onnr i!!ter:a:good. deal of, techicai uhcisionv the ''Jz B&ito,' said, hie *ras of 'opinion. ,that'there wia no cvidence" c f nalice1 or of wanb of probable 'and; raonaEle caus for the. proceedings taken by thof,defendant1 and' tho' plaintui£waz thiereuponi nonsuited. -
i wlzct'R T f5.lrlTTl i EXETERL, FIDAY. JULY 25. BEVISING BARRISTERS. TXhere aLre two vzcancies. thtis -year for these offcoe~ anld of.course thera is grextats ety-am6ng the bar as to- the parties who are to be alpoifiteAd. The 4ap'jointmenta are in the hands of the senior judge ort the Suninuer Circuit, aLnd as Mr. Baron -Platt does mot - orne roond this k6omrer, 'Mr. Baron Martin, as acting seni6rju~g, 1hsthe-j+ CROWme CoUwt.-(BeforeHj .3Mr.lonsMsil Geoige Marston w asindCted 'for shooting at. Corporal Fraserant the Topsham Barracki, neari Xieter. Wr. Coleridge was oouns~l- for the, proseection; KhTr. C~iitr defended the prisoner." it ap,peared that both these rsea were soldiers in tbfe 13thfDraooiis, the pfisonertmng a; private, the p,rosecutor a corpqr In Mn?ayjsat, astbe corpoal wa going his roundof tue stables, that re andfired; ortunately5 the i-ororrgwAsnotiiUjuied. 'TEO, tion~er than,3 atet tea to, str*,ke The0" rt'ivi ne. It was ihown 'tIiat the' prsner Wad ad fe'n Oiunds ?t .ball cartridges served, out tq M =nan that jnue w*a ua came out induced the learned 'judge to" -otolhiaeit3 until.the nentrorning, tha~t tAmeinqusri.4ehtn,SW 'e 14~ the psorsing a womxan was .wed;V6itio thabr~e came to her Ihouse on the ldof~ Xi In) ' I"Arin wonman whom hbe caldhs Cie xY resvimn 11ed li till, the 7th, when the P-risoner lilap.4ed.te oua'a his wife, and asked her teovethe coippr4anYg, with him, and he would talke care'f 4her. snitted that she was. the _wife of tI;p.iisoppr., The la-id 'lady turned thmT all oDut o5f &rherouae, but Fraser returned, an d said he would -mer out the-prisoner at his drill. 3fr. Baron MALumTe observed thaat,it ~was- not., to.,be tole. rated that officers should hold out 4 threa-t to ihe2mennunder them that they would serve them out it their-drii if t1hey did-not allow them to debauchtbeir wives. He thought in this instance the commanding offier's attention. ought to' he called to the matter. The prisoner. had rece!ived ~the chared ponentrin int hi ow oognrane to appear
POLICE. !,zSS10-3IOUSE.a--james Hunter. who had been remanded upon the charge of being concerned, with a man namea Henry Stevens, in stealing a quantity of gold chains, bracelets, and other valuable articles from the shop of Mr. Ccckayne, a silversmitb, in Mark-lane, was brought before. the LORD MAYOR for further examination. The robbery was committed about 6 ,'clock on the evening of thel8th ult., when two men one of whom was Stevens (who was tried for tho effence at the last.Fessions of 'Ltie Cens-. tral Criminal Court aud transported for life) entered the shop of the prosecutor and asked to -be shown some shirt studs. Tpon the prosecutor's opeuing a glass case one of the men grasped him by the throat, while the other sei:ed a Ict of valuable articles and escaped. Stevens, after making ai desperate resistance, was secured. His companion is supposed to be the prisoner. The following is the additional evidence:- Julia Bryne said,-Immediastely after the robbery I vas near the prosecutors shop and saw the prisoner running without his hat from Mark-lane into Water-lane. He ran against a post and fell against me, and I asked him, why didn't he mind where he was going to? He made no replj, but ran away as fast as he could. I saw the prosecutor, Aho wvas bleeding at the time, holding another man named Stevens, who was secured after dreadful resistance. I positively swear that the prisoner is the man iho fell against me, althouglh I had never seen him before that time. -e was not then dressed as he is now. Cross-examined by 'the prisoner.-There were other people running besides you, but they stopped looking zt the struggle between the prosecutor and Stevens. I did not see you come out of the prosecutor's shop. The prisoner was here desired to put ori a hat which was left by-one of the men in the shop of the prosecutor, and afterwards taken charge of and produced by Bassett, -the officer who took Stevens into custody. The hat is 67 a somewhat extraordinary shape, and likely to attracI attention. * MX. F. Jackson, merchant, of 74 A, Mark-lane, said,-I was in the shop of the prosecutor a few minutes before the robbery took place. I noticed two men looking through the shop window. I particularly noticed the. pnsoner, or a man exceedingly like him ; buthe had no hair at thut .tine linder his chin as he has now. The upper part of his face particularly struck me, andl observed at the time to the prosecutor, "These are two extraordinary lookig fellaow they can'twant to buy anything." I firmly believe the prisoner to be one of the men, althouh I annot pcKitively sweAr to him. This witnes was also cross-examined by the prisonier in a very offensive and bullying tone, but his testimony was un- Mr. Cockayne was further examined, and said thet when he -was attacked he struck- the man whom he believed to be the prisoner, and bad no doubt. he cut isim-with a ring which he wore, as after the afiray he found it covered with blood. (The prisoner's forehead exhihited a partially healed wound, which had evidently been inflicted by some hard suntaIne.i He knocked the hat produced by the officer off the heai of the man who attacked him. The two men who entered the shop he had previously seen looking in at the window upon his attention being called to them by MTr. Jackson. To the best of his belief the prisoner was one of the men who entered his shop, although he could not positively swear to him, his appearance an,d dress being different. Prisoner.-Will you swear I was one of the men ? Mr. Cecksyne.-I will to the best of my belief. Prisoner timpudently).-Belief, Sir, wion't do in a court of justice. The LORD MiYOR told the prisoner that if he put ques- tions to the witness he must be satisfied with the answers; he received to them. Ilrisoner.-But I'm a poorman and can't find a lawyver to; look after my interests. The LoRD MkvYOP.-Yt)U shall not niffer from your not having legal assistance. I will see that your case is not in: ihe slightest degree prejudicedby improper evidence being, adduced. I wallprotect yenas far an Ican. .This being the whole of the evidence, The LORDl Laon,, after the, usual caution, asked the prisoner w hether he wished to say anything in answver to she charge, telling him that it was his intention to commit hinL for triaL. Prisoner.-Yes, I wish this to be put down. I considen the evidence given to-dayveryslight to commitmefor trial i as neither ir. Jackson nor the prosecutor will positively swear to my ideutity, and there's only the evidence of the ,oman, who says she saw me run out of 3Mark-lane. As the prisoner was leaving the dock he turned round *and said, as he WaS not acquainted with the proceedings in courts of Justice, he wished to know whether he could sub. rena witnesses to prove an alibi at his trial, and be _eemed not a little astounded at seeinga metropolitan polceofficer who had just arrived, step into the box with the records of two previous convictions against him. The LORD MAYOR told him he would have every facility afforded him to subpoana witnesses if, when at .Newga.te, he comnmauicated with one of the under-sheriffs. Bow-sTREET.-Henry Sherwood, a carrier, of Chertsey, in Surrey, was charged with cruelty to ahorEe. On Saturday, the 19th inst., the defendant's waggon loaded with lead and meat, was stopped in Xreat Russell-street, Covent-garden, by Seaman, an officer of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. The horse was in a pitiaMle condition, his two fore kneesbeingbroken), and one fetlock so swelled and dislocated that it "' knucked over." On liftingt he collar the cfficer discovered two large sores on each shoulder. - Defendont's son, who was in cha-ge of the waggon, was tazen- to the stationhouse, and it was only-after the chiarge had beeh entered on tho sheet that Sherwood himself emerged froin the waggon, where he said he had been lying asleep. The boy was brought before MIr. Henry, and bis Worship, at the suggestion of Air. H. R. Forster, who at that time represeentd the Society, allowed the case to stand over, that pro- ceedings might be taken against the father. As Sheriood stated he could bring witnesses to prove thatthe fotlock was sound when he left Chertsey, he was allowed a week to preAnce them. hNo such witnesses were now in attendance,-but defendant persisted in stating that the fetlock was dislocated by the horse stepping on a stone in crossing Chertsey-bridge . on the morning in question. It was proved, however, by ir. Dawes, veterinarv surgeon to the society, that the bones of the fetlock which he produced were in astate of disease, evidently of some months' standim,. The horse had been I illed underthe direction of the society's officers by consent of defendant, who, however, complained bitterly that they. hba sold the horse to a London knacker for 30s.,. whereas, if they had allowed him to take it bac;k to Chertsey he could have got 21. for it, having, in fact, agreed vith a knacker at Chertsey for its purchase at that price previous to this j'ourney. Mr. JzENBY.-But you were determined to -get another. day's work out of the poor brute if you could. - it was observed by Mr. Mace, the Chief 'Usher, who had inspected the horse on a former occasion, that it was a very well bred horse, and would go till he dropped." Defendant called as witnesses several of his London fends, whose evidence did but little service to him, and Mr. BRRY fined him 40s, which helinmediatelypald. ' MA- L130 R STRBE.-Catberine Hughes and Mary Macdonald, twvo very well-dressed women, haviDg the appeazance of the wives of substantial country tradeimen were charged with picking the pocket of a lads namedi Weymouth, of Bushey. - Mrs. Weymouth was with herhusband at.the RoyalExhibition when she felt a hand in her pocket-. Sbe saw tbe.-pL - soner Hughes near her, and on discoveringthat she hai lost. ber purse, she mentioned the circumstance to her hbua- -band, and also her suspimions regarding the priswner,r who by this time was .:rnyyng Adow tbee Ftairoise,bhe followed the prisopr, -accompanied by bet- 1hua.9 band, and as the prisonersvas presenting.hertickalkQ getV her parasol from the place- of deposit, - she accosted hetre.and -told- her she hehieveda5he had taken her pn3rse; . QneoF¢ theoffcers of- the institution, hearing what. waS said, sect im--. siediately for-a polite-constable, aind, when-the constable, -casne, secing the othdrA prisoner tasking her way-ort ef the institution, nd suspectin, from What he had previoumIy -v , -; _he`- >*, * _,:ae row f ato~ her an-i-, bek While~ all, jkarti ware si g together the effloerpscked`np the pue containing four r o3ve f Overeg close- toene-of the prioners, which waaidy4the;}loaterprohir..h:.:; > -. - The prisoners in thxe atrongst manner proteted 32ot oe0i ot er. We rdterth~s ~ffrb~t tXntatceoi< So8lo mona, aselicitojr, wrho dbeenagie * orSoimwbdpre,a4yin in oenuroozt bW oould-z,ot -wait imtil the hour appointed for the heaing of the but ad toeoe aattdanceif e magistratt woUXd AMourn the ciss fr anho bayondth6Uime fixed, At af pka 3 o'clock there was no one in aendancefor b psi- snr, and , ziges-Xwatjolne dfz ieliy ouled - veryincouenief partie, directed the case o proeed. j ev* constbks vame forwad-and proved tbatilse-to Psoneirs were ariongthe iost, noted of the 1ondon thieem -gwere ainscoated together and iusociates of thiever, d had been*coniicted'at thii'and other courts. bfr.''B" ox^said, tb,1ere 'was iust a doubt in tbhe casf' a^cdoinad,andbe would gira her-the benefit of it by dischtinher~ 'The other' had been three tinom~ -rso this year, and lbe wrould therefore 'send her tio ha~d'?au for the full peri'd of sixa-netbe." i iSnenospplied tO Mr. Bgsr o'- ito know if he oould'30t ,.i.ske Mr. 3lomone refund the 30. heh1 rceii~ed as' it attendnoe fee. I r. RABEmON 8id, Mr. 8olomons had been:there, and no 4oubt would:have attended o the case coud it hve bekc' broughtt on e4lis time.. | Wolsi -srSzx-Ch alea Webo.- a, well-dreeaed mn,' *th-a profusion of red whiskers, -was charged before Mr. - EYN,cotsr with having, -in eonjunction. with Others who have escpe apprehension, committed the following dextex:ous robeeri. ' About 3 o'clock on Fridiy afternoon theUprisoner, acorn-. edby amother man andzw6om&n, entered the Eoueuof a licene-vIctuiller- named Watr,at 'Hoxton, nd cslledld± ief*lirhiint. The second ian and the-woman choae ale bnt therisoner said he wag tooil to diik'hingit rome !nAoceni shrub, and, though ha confederates told him hat Iie,tould' not 'but expet-to be poorly-fter'devouring whole' pottle6of trabemries, as tle knew that-be b ;done, he mide. such twistings i. contortins asto xite'generaI'i knobicei.od flil expre6aed his ihtentidn to go out into tIo&e ~iq ce an exre~ti oar at. the_beck. To re^chtbrhdh-o :holg OD asst.M4door fromnwhich -led iothe along tidebird in which was thi prosecutofishbox, Containi £wo banknotees, 3& 10s. in gold, and 11 17s. 9d. in silver together 'with private documents and memoranda of moortne, and nst as the prisoner had reached this door h'e- other moen looked hard at the landlord, claimed his 'acquiintaoe, and got him into a short conversahion.> In the midst of it, however, Mr. Walis happened to turn his head, and missing his cashbobr raised Wn alarm. and shouted for Aihe man with the red whiskers.' On hearibg this, the otbher man and womnan rushed out of the house, followed by.the landlord, who caught the woman and brought her back; but the male confederate had esecped, and on turningzound ty look for-the woman it was next found that shehad gone too. In the meantime, the prisoner, who must have-known, the placewsall, made a dash ?for the yard, to esctpe by a side-door into a neighbourmg street, bUt in this he was foiled, from the door being fastened, and on making hi. way back he was met-in jthe passage by the barmaid, who saw seonething bulky conceaed by his coat, and appri ed her miaster of it. On going to look for him, bowever, the prisoner could not be disco. vered anywhere, though a policman, assisted in the search, an'd his disappearance was-the more mysterious, as he had -anyot uon'yst beenr seen, but could not have escaped at the rontithontboeing aeciredby the barman, whowas cleaning theiindo. It'tlen;thsetrucktbelatterto examinetwobutte 'w7hih were standing m-' the passage, and on feeling behind them Niuhand l 'edon the bead of therprisoner, who had wedged himseLf into a space so ineulicient to hold him -that-he had been obliged to make a seat of the cashbos, and there waws the greatest of tronMhe in dragging him out, as he 'pret#nded'both sleepiness and drunkenness, though he hid showvn iieither before. ' * M. D':Ev cour aslied if the prisoner was knoen 9 Bopper, the officer, replied,-Oh, yes, Sir; he was here about 15 months back, together, with three others, charged ,ith haling housebreaking implements on them; for that he vi'as com itted for three months; but I know that he comes fron 'overthie wrater,and believe, if remanded, he will be identified by the odlicers there as a well-known thief. The prisoner could not refate this, and he was remanded for a week, that he might then be committed for trial. Sotul nKvR. - Susan Walker, a desperate looking woman, was brought before MIr. CossnE for final exsamination, charged with maliciously wounding Caroline Mfarsh by biting the forefinger off her right hand. This brutal asult took Place on Saturday afternoon, the 19th inst., and the complainant has been under medica treatment at the hospital ever since. On being exaamined to-day she stated that she was an unfortunate girl, and resided in Napierstreet, Kent-street. She klew nothing of the prisonermerely seeing her at timeis in the street. On Saturday afternoon, the 19th, she was passing along Cole-street, when she saw a mob of persons fighting, among whom was the prisoner, who, as soon as she perceived witness, rushed at er, sized her by the hair of the head, and struck her a severe blow on the face. She put up her hand to'- reserve her face as mnch as posible, when the prisoner cauht hold of her right hand, and put herbforefinger into her mouth, which she completely bit off as far as the second joint, and spat it in her fce. The pain she suffered was very severe, and she immediately rushed to the polioestation, and gave information, ,vhen-sbe-wxs sentto6the'hoa. pitda, where her wounded finger was dressed. She was so seveely injuredbytheloss of her finger that sheshould not be able to use her hand for =any weeks. WVitness informed his worshipthat she was no oomnpsnion of the prisoner, as shehad respcectable friends in tjhe country, whom she left with a young man tnder a promise of marriage, butthey had not long been in London wrhen he deserted her. - The defendant said that she knew nothing of the affair whatever, and it was all false about biting her finger off That mnust have been done by the wheel of a waggon passing over it. Sergeant Macarthy, 1. M, said he was on duty in the Dover-road on the Saturday afternoon in question, when he heard that there had been a row in Cole-street, and that a woman's finger had been bitten off by another. He eproceeded thither, when the prisoner was pointed out as the delinquent, and the end of the finger ws picked up and handed to him. The prisoner wvas connected with a nois}y gang of diipated women who were always quarrelling together about Kent-street. A young man here relucetantly stepped forward and said, he saw the comnplainant's finger in the prisoner's month, and he did all he could to make her let go, but instead of that she bit the end off~ Mr. ComBE said, she was a perfect cannibal, and he should sentence her to three months' hard labour.
AI-TA.aT .?LYA Y FI2tTESISGR.E YWe lear yelcrc eer aph that Jrestj's:s st. frigate Valorow,"Captain Id\;e, C.B,, arrient.;Spithleadf last-evening from the Crimea. She left Kazatch d sa- slam on the 2& of July, with wo tar- ,ls int , I M3aor.General Windham and- staff, two officers (Captain Trevelyan ajidLieutenanut rode),and 3)mlen ofi tlie 11th Hussar, 1S of the Ordnance Department, 69 railway ai-_: §cers, 5 servants of staff officers, &a. She passed in the - Black Sea, on the 3d of July, Her Majesty's ship Eurotas, standing for Kazatch; left Constantinople on the -even-- ing of the 4th, and Malta on the' evening of the 10th, where she left the mortar boats. - She left Marseilles on the 15th of July, having disembarked General> Windhamnandstaff.,She sailed froniGibraltar on the evening of the 21st, leaving Her Majesty's aships Centaur andAieland the American frigate (ongress. Her Majesty's ship Vesuvius, left the same evening for Malaga. Passed Her Majes'y's ship Sanspareil, July 22, with the 72d Highlanders on board. Passed Her Majesty's ship James Watt, in tow of Her Majestys ship Retribution, July 25, off Ushant. Vice-Admiral Peter John Dohglas, having accepted the service pension vacant by the death of Admiral Glynn, leaves the active for the ' reserved list of fliag officers; he is a distinguised officer, was aeting lieutenant of the Beaver, and captured, in her boats, five vessels iii the Elbe in 1805; lieutenant of the Franchise at the destruction of the batteries at Curaeoa; commanded a boat at the captu-of the iFrench priyateer General Ferrand, off Jamaica, in 1800, and again at the capture of the Riposa brig-of-war, of 12 guns and 95 men, when he was wounnded; also at the captare of the Spanish schooner-of-war El Carmen, off La Guayra; in command of a tender, beat off two privateers of superior force; commander of the Reindeer, and captured five vessels of war in four months, and formed part of the squadron at the destruction of forts andshipping at Samana; commanded the same vessel in the Walcheren Expedition; commodore of the Jamaica squcadron from 1838 to 1840, and was importantly engaged in the Gulf of Mexico, where he was twice Commander-in-Chief. Gazetted 1806. By the removal of Admiral Douglas from the active to the Teserved list, the following promnotions take place - Bear-Admiral of the Red Robert Wauchopo to be ViceAdmiral of the Blue; Rear-Admiral of the White the Hon. Henry John Rons to be Bear-Admiral of the Red, RearAdmiral of the Blue George William Conway Court'enay to be Rear-Admiral of the WVbite; Captains John Milligan :Laws and Sir Burton Macnamara (1833) to be RearAdmirals on the reserved list; Captain the Right Hon. Lord George Paulet, C.B., to be RearAdmiral of the Blue on the active list. By the latter promotion a naval aide-de-campship to the Queen becomes vacant, and Captain the Hon. E'.TS. Peiham, C.B., of IIer hlajesty7s ship Blenheim, hecomes paid naval aide-de-camp to lHer MIajesty. Captain Robert Fanshawve Stopford, of Her Majesty's ship Qneen, atta:ius the 14s. 6d. list ; Captain Philip George Rymes attains to the 12s. Gd. list. The steam transport Calcutta, Captain Blackmore, arrived at Spithead yesterday morning from the Crimea (July 4), and Vigo (July 23); she experienced strong gales up the coast of Portugal, and brings the following officers and men and horses :-Brigadier-General Warren, Captain St. Jobn, Assistant-Surgeon Pinkerton, and Colond Peel, of the Staff; also Captain Dallas Yorke, Lieutenants Qockburn and Yeats, Cornet Wilkin, Assistant-Surgeon stiller, and Veterinary-surgeons Antony and Gloag, and QnartezmasterEontze, of the llth (Prince Albert's) Eussars; I also Colonel Price, Major Havkins, Captain Heyman, Captain Wilkinson, Captain Davis, Senior Surgeon Elliott, Assistant-Surgeon Betts, of the Royal Artillery; Lieutenant Douglas, of the 42d Highlanders; Lieutenant Piggott, 44th Regiment; Lieutenant Mellish, 44th; Lieutenant Bromhead, 4th; Lientenant Johnson, 95th; Lieutenant Boyle, 3Sth; Lieutenant Maskeleyne, 20th Major Goodlake, Coldstream Guards ; Mr. D. Mackenzie, Purveyor's Clerk; Rev. C. Hort, Chaplain; MIr. H. B. Middleton, Commissariat Clerk-; Messrs. Laming and Watson, civilians; 237 noncomnmissioned officers and men, and 177 horses. The Cal. cutta spoke the steam-ransport Pioneer on the 25th inst., 130 miles S.W. of Ushant, under sail, being short of coals. The Wiliam IWheatley steaum-transport, No. 168, and the Sir John Easthope, No. 152, arrived at Spithead on Sata`rday from the Crimea, with stores. Her Majesty's steam-frigate Leopard, 1S, Captain C. 0. Hayes, arrived at Spithead on Saturday from the Crimea, with the Espindola transport, No. 206, m tow. The latter had on board 572 of the 1st and 6th battalions of the Land Transport Corps, with the following officers attached:Major Shervinton, Captains Sheaffe, Norman, Kippen, Nichols, Thompson, and Fitzgerald; Lieatenant Kean; Comets Cragg, Gatt, Luard, and Borrett; Quartermaster Mitchell; Surgeons Essen and Shipton. The Edina steam-transport, No. 199, arrived at Spitbead from Malta on Saturday, with 38 men, 2 women, and child of the 93d Regiment; 95 men of the 31st, 70 men of the Iand Transport Corps, and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Gordon, 93d, in military command; Lieutenant Haynes and Ensign Mackenzie, 93d ; Captain Pearson, 31st; Lieutenants Deane, Robinson, Mathews, and Jones, 31st; Lieutenant Fletcher and Cornet Skeats, Land Transport Corps; Dr. N. Ffolliet, in medical charge, and Dispenser Downes. The steam-transport Istamboul arrived at Spithead on Saturday, with 25 officers, 890 rank and file, and seven horses, of the British SwisA Legion, from Smnyrna. Tne Balldog steam-frigate, Commander Gerdon, arrived at ioon on Saturday at Spithead from the westward. The Admiralty state-yacht Osborne, Mr. George H. N. Bower, commander, went out of Portsmouth Harbour on Satarday to try her engines prior to being reported ready for the reception of their Lsrdships. The Osborne looks 'handsomer aDd more ship-shape in her new than in her criginal character. Her Majesty's ship Ctesar, 91, Captain Robb, is ordered into Portsmouth Harbour. Her 2lfajesty's ship Cressy, 81, Captain Warren, was put in quarantine at Spithead on Saturday. The Southampton (Indiaman) sailed from Spithead on Saturday afternoon for Calcutta. Tne screw steamship St. Jean d'Acre, 101, Captain George St. V. King, went from Hamoaze into Plymouth Sound on Saturday, with topgallantyards across, and took her powder on board, preparatory to sailing for the Downs. The screw steamship Centurion, S0, Captain Edward G Fanshawe, went from Plymouth Sound into Hlamoaze on Friday, to refit. The screw steamship Branswick So, Captain Hastings R- Yelverton, steamed from Rlymouth Sound into Hazeeaze on Saturday. The paddlewheel steamship Bulldog, 6, Commander Alexander C. Gordon, from Portsmouth, arrived at Plymnouth on Friday. The troopship Belleisle, 6, Commander James Hosken, was towed from Plymouth Sound into Hamoaze on Saturday. ThA Devon lighter left Plymouth on Friday with a party of men for Pembroke, to caulk the Ecrew steamship Diadem, 32, which, when launched, is appointed to bo taken to Plymouth to be fitted with engines and boilers. The Wasp, 13 gun screw steam sloop at Sheerness, is ordered to be fitted with all possible despatch. The Terrible, 21 guns, Captain James 3. M'CIeverty, C.B., is under Admiralty orders to pay off at Sheerness on Priday. The medals and clasps have been distributed to her officers and crew. The Firebrand, 6 guns, Captain the Hon. John W. S. Spencer, is under Admiralty orders to pay off at Shearness en the 6th of August. The Brilliant, 20 guns, Captain James A. Paynter, has received orders at Sheernees :to leave diiect for Halifax on Friday next. The Devonshire (lately appropriated for Russian prisoners of var) at Sheerness was on Saturday towved from her har. 'our moorings to the upper part of Saltpant reach, to make room in the lower division of the harbour for the vessels belonging to the first class steam reserve, under the command of Captain Haisted. The 18th Royal Irish disembarked at KingAtown on Saturday morning, and immediately proceeded to Dublin. The depOt, 400 strong, is at present in Waterford. The following promotions and appointments were made on Saturday at the Admiralty:- Vice-Admiral Peter J. Douglas, to the reserved half-pav list, in receipt of service pension, vice Admiral Glynn, di- ceased; Commander Edward Peirse, Commander J. MD. Skene, and Commander S. S. L. Crofton, promoted to the rank of captain; Lieutenant a. J. Wrey, to the Bril- liant; Thomas Edwards, master, to the Tortoise- James H R'rrZ master, to the Fisgard; the Rev. George Ci. Purchas chaplain, to the Edinburgh; E. M. Johnatone, naval instructor, to the MIonarch; G. S. Bourne, naval instrctor, to the Princess Royal; James W. Lesley, acting assistantsurgeon1, to the Victory. THE MILITIA The:First Devon Militia, under the commDand of their newly-appointed colonel, Major Drewe, of the Welsh Fusi leers, have arrived at Exketer, and are statiosied in St. Thoma3's. Before leaving Wevmonth they were presented wvith new coloulrs by their late colonel, E3arl Fortecue. The regiment is rn exccellent order, and the men have attained a high degree of efficiency. It is eaxpeCted that they will be disembodied in a fewv days. S r. PATh's SgsooL..-We are requested to state that avweek's5addition has beenmadeoto the summer holyslays at this school in honour of the peace. The school will nsot mneet until the 11th of September.
-! ' TEE CTPE OF GOOD HOPE _We have received files of Cape paperg to the 27th of May ;nclV.ve. -iThey do not make any allusion to distnrbisnces on the frontier. ' ' The Graham Town papers annouhce the death of Dr. Arinstrong, the Anglicanbishdpofthat-cty. The reverend prelate was universally respected.t The following bil on the subject of iinmigration was before the Assembly:- . "ILL B R, P: RODUCsTG .s GBNTS FROss MUROPE. (Introduced into the House of. Assembly by his Excellency the Govieiofr)-Reakd a second time on% CFriday; 16th of May, 1850. , "hereck- upon the 2d day of M3ay, 1856, in this present seeiion of Parliament, the IHouse of Assembly passed certain resolutions relative to the introduction into this colony of immigrants from Europe, which resoln-tions- are set forth in the schedule to this act annexed ; and whereas it is expedient to mnke provision for raising the funds necessary, according to the said resolutions, for carrying out the plan of immigration in the said resolutions described; be it enacted by the Governor of the Cape of Good HIope, with tfhd advice and cdnsent of the'Legislative Conicil and House of Assembly thereof; as follows - 1]. It shall be lawful for the Governor of this colony from time to time to dispose by contract in London of debenturres bearing 6 per cent. interest, in 'order thereby to raise an amount not exceeding in the. whole 200,0001., of which net more than the-amount of 50,001. shzll be raised previous to the 1st day of June, 1857. ." 2; All and singular the said debentures, together with interest from time to time to. accrue duethereon respectively, shall be, and the same are hereby charged upon and made payable out of the general revenue of the colony of the Cape of Good Hope, as a finst charge thereon. "8. It shall be lawful for the Governor from time to time, out of the surplus revenue of this colony, to pay off and discharge the said debentures; provided that they shall be naid off and discharged in London, and, as nearly as may be practicable, in the order of the dates of their issue, and that no such debenture shall be so paid off until after six months' previous notice in the oernminent Gazette of this colony, as also in the London Gazztte, of the intention of the Government so to discharge it. " 4. The interest upon such debentures as aforesaid shall be payable half-yearly, either in london or in Cape Town, as the holder shall elect. " 5. No such debentures as aforesaid, beyond or in excess of the sum of 50,0001. in the first section mentioned shall be issued unless by and with the previous sanction and authority of a vote or resolution of each of the two Houses of Par!iament. " 6. This act shall commence and take effect from and after the promulgation thereof. "Published by order of the House of Assembly, 12th of may, 1856. "H . BE SuBuu, Clerk of the Houseof Assembly."
THE CASE OF ABCHDBACON DBNISON. BATH, JULY 26. The Court resumed its sitting this morning. Dr. P?HImORg having addressed the Court as to the course which he thought it his duty to pursue on behalf of his client, Dr. LUsGIoO1; said, it appeared to him that the charge agsinst the archdeso.n being that he had preached certain sermons which were cQntrary to the Articles of the church of E3ngland, it was not competent to his counsel, by i'eference to Scripture, to attempt to prove that such sermons were consonant with Scripture; and for two reasons,-first, because the issue was not whether the sermons were conformable to Scripttre, but whether they were conformable to the Articles. which must be taken to be the true expression of Scripture, and because the attempt to Drove that the sermons were conformable to Scripture, independently of the Articles, would involve the question whether the Artides themselves were conformable to Scrip. ture. Dr. PcLLLMORE proceeded to quote the opinions of various divines of the church, and contended that they were in conformity with those of Archdeacon Denison. Having read the 29th Article, Dr. Phillimore stated that what the archdeacon intended to maintain in his sermons in reference to the Eucharist was this :-that sacrarnentum was the outward part, the r-es sacramenti the thing signified, and the firtus sacaarzerti the benefits which were restricted to those receiving worthily; and he argued from a quotation from the works or St. Augustine (Benedictine edition, published at Paris 1689, vol. iii, pages 500-1, tract. 26, section 18), that the same doctrine was held by that great father, to whom our church had paid so much honour. JHe further urged that as the Atticle in question referred to St. Augustine, it must be taken prinzd facie that the Article intended to assert the doctrine of St. Augustine. The position that he took as a lawyer was, that the doctrine propounded by the archdeacon, if not the only and correct doctrine, was at least admissible, and, whether right or wrong, had been held by some of the brightest luminaries that had ever adorned the church. Dr. LusHsNGTToY.-I should be sorry to misunderstand your argument, an.d for the purpose of understanding it I wi'd put a question, which you can answer or notas you may see fit. It is this, " Is your construction of the 9th Article, with regard to the good as well as to the wicked receiving the Communion, that it is the same, except that the one takes the holy supper to the salvation of his soul and the other to his damunation; but that, fn every other respec t the Article speaks equally as to both ?" D_. P=WHOMORE.-That is the opinion which the archdeacon maintains. I may here mention that I have just been informed that Lord Auckland, the present Bishop of Bath and Wells, has recently published a charge, in which he says that the archdeacon is at liberty to hold and teach That doctrine. Nvow, this is certainly not a subject for mirth; but I cannot help remarking that it would, indeed, be strange if your Grace, who is sitting for the Bisbop of Bath and Wells, should pronounce against the archdeacon, v hile his own diocesan is going about stating his liberty to hold and teach this doctrine. Dr. BAYFOP.D said, as Dr. Phillimore had referred to a charge of the present Bishop of Bath and Wells, in which his Lordship was said to have referred to the matter, he should like to see it, so as to be satisfied of what the bishop really said,- Dr. PmtLratoRE.-Certamly, you shall have it. The learned advotate then gave further quotations from St. Augustinein support of his case, and, closing this part of his argument, he was about to show that the doctrine of the archdeacon upon all the points was to be found in the ancient liturgies of the purest and most primitive times, when Dr. LUSreoGToN- held it to be impossible to have a reference to these liturgies to show generaUy the sense of the Articles, or generally the sense of anything the archdeacon might have said; but if there were any doubt as to the meaning of any particular word, then these liturgies might be referred to. Dr. PErsItoatOx then quoted the _4lexandrian LituM-gy of St. Basil, St. Gregory, St. Cyril, and a hymn of St. Thomas Aquinas, as to partaking and unworthy receiving, and to show that the word "mystery," as used by those writers, was equivalent to " sacrament." The learned doctor, after arging upon some pus ly theological points, saidthat there was but one object on the part of the archdeacon in the publication of these sermons. His object had been-whether he was mistaken or not it was not for him (Dr. Phillimnore) to say-by the promulgation of these doctrines, to retain within the bosom of the church of England those who were disposed to leave it on the ground that the church of Ecgland did not teach what they conceived to be the essentialy true and primitive faith. He (Dr. Philimore) should maintain that it was utterly impossible that any sentence of condemnation could be passed upon the archdeacon. He claimed as a matter of religious liberty for the church of England-as a right of the archdeacon-that he be dismissed from all further observance of justice in this case, and that the articles be pronounced by his Grace not to have been proved. Dr. BAYFORD then replied upon the authorities adduced by Dr. PhiUimore, Droducing counter passages from some, impugning the value and veracity of others, and generally maintaining that the case on the part of the promoter of the suit had not been answered satisfactorily. The Court then adjourned sine die. In a few minutes Dr. BAYFORD, addressing his Grace, said there seemed to be some doubt about the effect of adjourning for an indefinite time, and it had been suggested to him that it might perhaps be necessary to cite the archdeacon again if the adournment were sine die. Dr. PHmLria,onE.-I thought the Court was already adjourned. Dr. LUSnrsGToN said, it was exceedingly difficult for the Commissioners to name any day, but if it was considered necessary they would fix one. Dr. BAYFORD said, the proceedings being almost entirely new there was nothing to guide them, and they hardly knew what the effect of sUca a step as adjourning the inquiry sine die might be. Dr. LUSHNGTOy then said, the Court -would adjourn tinl Milonday morning.
NoRTH COAST OF SPAw.-PLymoVTH Saturday. -The clipper schooner Wave Queen, Captain Blampied, with cattle, arrived this morning from Corunna, which port she left on Wednesday at noon. On Saturday, the l91th inst., a sanguinary confiUct occurred between the nilitia and the regulars, when. two of the former and six of the latter were kIlled, and several wounded on both sides. The next day, Sunday, fresh forces having arrived, the mcilitia laid down their arms. The conflicb was confined to the troops, The militia and the populace are in favour of Espartero; but they knew little of what was transpiring in other parts of Spain. There are now about 3,000 soldiers of the line at Corunna, which is under mnartial law, the gates of the town being closed. Tranquility was in soene measure. restored prior to the departure of the Wave Queen, but further disturbances were expected. ETol. CoTIGFO.-The examination of candidates for Eton College commenced on Friday, and wiU terminate on Thursday next On Saturday the speeches were delivered in the presence of the Provost and FellowsandMssters oi Eton and a distinguished company, and the speakers were much applauded. In the afternoom, a ban net tooqk*ce in the College-hall, which was hlMg*a usual on this occasion, with ancient tapestry, and o4if a side table were displayed some fine specimens at ancieut plate, and the mag. nificent silver model of the chapel presented by William IV. to the College. There were uDwards of 100 persons present, including the 70 boys - on the foundation, and the Bishop of Colombo. Iord Overstone, the Governor of Trinidad, Da. jelf, I Van de *Weyer, and many of the military, clergy, and leading farm,ilies of the neighbourhood. At 7 o'clock the Brocas was crowded to, witness the staring of the boys to Surley HaU, oni their customary Thamnes exmursion. The crewvs consisted of the fMonarch Victo Prince of Wales, Britannia,. Dreadnought, Teitis, St George, and the Eton eight selected to row the Westr?ter. On their returni to Windsor-bridge there was a display of firewrorks.
REP"tBiVNITA TIOZi O 2TOIIG . G . I . - NOTTINGHAMf7SURDAnY Evzisn. The writ authorizing the. electioU of 'a' inember for lTot. tinhamm (n the 'room f o' Strutt; whb has ' baen called to the per House) arrived her-e on' Saturday morning, and was duly proclaimed by thSb Sheritif xM. Stratt, in his iarewell addrdes, etates that-' ¶Th the eommunlration in wvise] Epr Majesty's gracious inten*t.on wvas conveyed to mne Is lufdrmd that the Queen was desirous of marking the interestwhich ehe takes in the great manufacturing industry of the count'y, and her desire that this important element of our national wealth should be represepted in the Upper House of Parliament,. In accepting uuder thess dcrcumstances an honourto which I have noverpresumed'to aspire I have the satisfaction of think-- ing thait I shall not thereby separate mnself from that c'ass to which Ibhavo always belonged, and that it will continue to be my duty. 'though inanotherbranch of the Legislature, to assist in promoting the -welfare of those great manufacturing and comtnercialintercEte of which Ibave so long been one of the representativesin the House of Commons.o On iFriday evening a meeting of the Liberal interest WaS held in the Exchange-hall, Mr. John Beard in the chair. Several gentleman were named as proper persons to becouie candidaties, among 'whtom 'were lNr. 1timington Mills, formerly a banker, and Mr. Charles Paget. of Ituddington, near Nottingham. r. Pagoti has since declined to come forward, and' Mr. Mills (the only candidate at present) has just issued the following address: "To ram -Ecretws or e Baloucxis or XoTrLnonjxar "Gentlemen,-Upon' the unexpected retirement of your excellen representative in the House of Commons, the Right lIon. Edward Strutt, in conseuence of his elevation to the peerage, I beg to offer myself as a candidate for your suffrages. "' The gr.acious manner in which this dignty has been conferred by Her Majesty upon that gentleman, so indicative of her regard to tha interests of the great 'manufacturinglndustryof the country,' greatly enhances the honour of representing your intelligent and important commaIty. " Permit me to essure you that, with your long-tried and earest support of the cause of civil and relgious liberty, antd of Liberal principles In administering the affairs of this great country, I sincerely sysopethire, "By the happy restoration of peace the attention of Parliament will, it is hoped, be for some time devoted to domestic improvement, and it will be my endeavour to support such meassares as I believe may contribute to the welfare of all classes of the community, especially by having regard to a proper economy In the national expenditure, so as to lighten the burden of taxation and develope the resources of the country, by maintam3ng only such military and naval establishments as may be efficient in every departmentand requisite to maintain the security of thenation and perpetnate peace; byrectifying the abuses which prevail inthe ecclesiastical courts, and transferring their control over testamentsxy and ceatrimnonial cases to the civil courts; byabolishing church-rateg; and by supporting Parliamentory reform; thereby extending the sffrage to an auigmented number of our fellow subjects, and giving to population and industry their due influence in Parliament, and also securing the independent exercise of the elective franchise by means of the ballot. "Your locsl in'erests shai] have my best attention. So far as consistent with these objects. it will be my wish to afford an indepeudentand honourable support to the measures of a Liberal Administration. ",Animated by the hope of reali7iog in some measure your jest expectations, and of justifying the confidence which I respectfully ane earnestly solicit at your hands, I have the honour to be, hC., "JON RINMINGTON 3ILLS.-
VISCOUNT EBR1nGTOx.-We regret to learm that the severe attack of ophthalmia under which this nobleman has been suffering, and which has caased him excruciating pain, has terminated in the total less of the sight of one eye, with danger of sympathetic injury to the other. To obviate as far as possible this latter risk, Mr. 'White Cooper and Sir Benjamin Brodie have determined upon the removal of a portion of the organ principally affected. This painful operation will, it is hoed, put an end to the inflammation, which it has hitherto been impossible to check; in which case the noble lord will, in the course of a few weeks, be enabled to resume his ordinary avocations.-Obserrer. TnH EXPLOSION AT TuE CYmBaB CoLrERY.-A public meeting was held at Newbridge, Glamorganshire, on Briday, to promote the raising of a fund for the relief of the widows an children of the unfortunate colliers who lost their lives by the e-xplosion at the Cymnuer Colliery on Tuesday week, as already reported in Thle Ti7es. The chairwas taken by the Rev. George Thomas, and resolttions were adopted for raising a fund and appointing a committee to regulate its distribution. It appears that the numnber of widowrs made by this catastrophe Is 35, and the children made fatherless number 92, besides others-parents and brothers and sisters-who were dependent on the labours of the unfortunate deceased. The appeal was nobly responded to, and no less than 1,2001. was subscribed in the room. Among the coptribetors was Mr. Insole, the owner of the colliery, for 5001., and two other gentlemen of 1001. each. The enginedrivers and firemen on the Taff Vale Railway have contributed a day's pay. Resolutions were -passed for advertising the proceedings in The Tin esand IDcal papers. IENxTxsrvE DAMAGE DONE BY LiGriNG.-On Thursday evening, about 10 minutes past 7 o'clock, one of the rooms of the Britannia Paper Mills, Sovereign-street, School-close, Leeds, which are occupied by Mr. B. Stocks, paper manufacturer, was struck hy lightning, and damage was done to the amount of some hundreds of pounds. The room, which is caled the paper machine-shed, or the shed where the paper is manufactured, is situated in the centre of the premises, and isnotso high by some yards as the rooms adioining it on each side.At is of considerable length, and there is an engine in it, six large cylinders used in the manufacture of paper, and other machinery. The lightning struck the roof of the shed and rent it in pieces, and then struck one of the massive iron cylinders, which it completely shattered, and forced out of its position, besides displacing some of the others. The electric fluid also shivered a desk, which was placed at the side of the shed, into fragments, and then made its escape throuch a window at the opposite end of the room. At the tinie of the occurrence there were three boys and a man in the room, and the machinery wasin fua working order. When the boys, who were working together at one end of the room, sawv the vivid flash, they involuntarily started back, and the lightning p>assed out of the shed without touching them, and the man al1so fortunately escaped without injury. The force of the lightning must have been very great, for one or two women whowereworking in an adjoining room were thrown on the door, and the whole of the workpeople were much alarmed. The cylinder which was broken up bythe electric fuid weighed about 7 cwt., and was full of condensed water at the timne.-Lceds lhte2liC7cel'. DEATH vnoa HyDitOpHOBiA.-Nr. W. Robinsonr, worsted spinner, Xeighley, in the West Riding of Yorkshire, aged 50, died on Wednesday last of hydrophobia. About four years ago Ir. Robinson had one of his fingers bit by a dog, but, as the wound was not severe, he took little or no notice of it, although he had an impression that the animal was rabid. He was apparently well until Sunday last5 when he complained of a peculiar twitching in his arm. On Monday be attended Bradford market, but the pain increased, and he returned home early. On Tuesday unmistakable symptoms of hydrophobia were manifested, and the paroxysmns continued to increase, in spite of every effort of mnedical skill to check them, and the unforr,bnate sufferer died on Wednesday. Though he suffered greatly, MIr. Robinson retained his faculties, and talked calmly and rationally to the last. ImPorTs AtD ExvopuTs.-A return moved for by Mr. A. Hastie, MP., gives the following account of imports into and exports from our Australian colonies, the West Indies, the Ulnited States, and Brazil. In 1855 there were imported from Australia 3,565 tons of copper ore and regulus, 377 tons of nnwrought and partly w rought copper, 2,74lowt. of corn and flour, 8,697cwt. of gum, 43,650cwt. of hides (untanned), 491,0691b. of tanned, &c., hides, 13,122cwt. of cocoanut oil, 761 tons of spermaceti oil, 52,48cowt. of talow, 10 tons of whale fins, 407 loads of wood, and 49,142,3061b. of sheep and lambs' wooL The exports from England to the various Australian settlements in 1855 were as follows-viz. : apparel, slops, and haberdashery, 877,2091.; 104,987 barms of malt liquor (beer and ale), valued at 403,4721.; 6,413cwt. of books valued at 11L58(.; 62,508cwt. of butter and cheese, valued at 287,5051.; 234.1201. worth of corn, grain, meal and flour; 12,378,842 yards of cotton manufactures, valued at 252,2931.; and 47,9881. worth of similar goods, entered by value; 60,003 cwt. of hardware and cutlery, valued at 303,5461. 22,430 dozen hats of a'l sorts, valued at 5-,1921. *5,566 tons of iron, valued at 499,4691.; 1,475 tons of lead and shot, valned at 36,4521. ; 2,298,7251b. of leather, valued at 422,191v.; and 103,7491. wotth of similar goods entered by value; 2,216,503 yards of linen goods, valued at 83,7451.; 170,0571. worth of machinery and mill-work ; 7,127,1781b. of soap and candles, valued at 194,5681.; 164,7361. worth of stationery of all sorts ' 49,355 pieces of woollen goods (entered by the piece), vaiued a' 101,1951.; *,533,786 yards, entered by the yard, valued at 122,9541.; 49,5021. worth, entered by value; and 1,708,4S221 worth of all other articles. The above exports refer exclusively to the produce of the united kingdom. Other exports, the produce of foreign lands, included (in 1855) 336Tb. of cocoa, 67,4751b. of coffee, 1,341 cwt. of corn and flour, 9,314 cwt. of currants, 9,7741b. of glass 86,716 pairs of leather gloves, 9,7641b. of straw hats and bonnets, 9,487cwt. of raisins, 2,743ib. of silk goods, 604,110 gallons of rum, 528,385 gallons of brandy, 6,966 gallons of Geneva, 567cwt. of refined sugar, 95,648lb. of tee, 1,585,2081b. of tobacco and cigars, 544,000 gallons of wine, and 12,369 loads of wood. From the United States last year we imported 199,084cwt. of bacon, 192,324cwt. of salt beef, 248,906 quarters of corn, 672,644 quarters of maize.l 6S4,126Owt. of flour, 6,085,977cwvt. of raw cotton 31,o76cwt. of lard, 2,310 tons of spermaceti oil 79,086 cwt. of oil of turpentine, 20,921 tons of oil seedcake 120 853 cwt. of salt Pork, 6S1,990cwt. of rosin, 20,4Oowt. of talowr, 26,331,3401b. of unmanufactured tobacco, and 2,221,8141b. of cigars, 267,746cwt. of turpentine, 27,109 loads of wood, and 13,318 staves. The declared value of our exports to the United States last year was 17,318,0861., including 22,769 barrels of beer and ale, 161,003 tons of coals, 184,587,995 yards of cotton goods, 118,980cwt. of hardware and cutlery, 1,333,8661b. of leather, 51,513,795 yards of linen goods, 12,046,699 bushels of elt, 601,217 pieces of woollen goods, and 30,838,643 yards of the same. These exports, of course, refer exclusively to articles the growvth and produce of England. The aggregate value of onr growth and produce exported to British North America in 1855 amounted to 2,885,3311.; in return for which we received wood, skins, sugar, and corn, but in very liuited quantities. The British West Indies exported to us, in 1855, 10,795 .wt. of arrow-root, 9,626cwt. of c-ochineal, 4,794,4641b. Ef cocoa, 3,0S3,8181b. of coffee, 12,673 tons of logwood, 25,026 tons of mahogany, 35,564cwt. of pimento, 7,160,104 gallons of rum, 2915,36Sowt. of sugar, and 230,400cwt. of molasses. The aggregate value of our exports to the British W4Vbst Indies was 1,979,9561., includinig manufactures of cotton, wool, and linen, soap, machinery, corn, hardware, &c. The West Indies also received from abroad 60,S8Slb. of tea, 90,441 gallons of brandy, and 100,178 gallons of wine, biedes other articles. From Brazil we imported last Yefr, 656,9-731b. of cocoa. 12,5,243lb. of coffee, 219,446c*wt. of raw cotton, 2L387 cwt. of canotchouc, 112,299 cwt. of u-rnned and 156,15Slb. of tanned hides, and 468,678cwt. e war. The declared value of our exports to Brazil ame- edto.3V3l2,72s
SALES BY AUCTION. To Drapers Siwuercers. Shippers and others ^t. TEIOMIAS EETAVII1'G will SELL by AUC' ,s.,TION. at his Rooms on Friday next. Aucgst L at 11 porno7uaU,v, about4O0 lots of rich SILKS and GEXERA.L DRAPERY GOODS, nearly all LO. Vgoods. Os view tbe day prior, and catalogune bid. No. 7, Ladbro'e-read. Ropewater, near o7ttng-hill-gate,-Fnuniture, CottagersStore. Veloipede. &e. TAPL-1N wfl SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises. on Wednesday, July30, at i2 for 1 preisey. CHIMNEY-GLASSM bN,tabes, conch,chains,corpts. hedsteads, feather beds, horeshair mattress, hewer bath, ebma, glee. and other effects. On vies- the day prior nd mornin sae Cataloges o toneer, stanley-plae, Pa. dingreen, Ltnoehouse-tlelds.-Smail Leasehold R'tate. nR. PEAKE wvill SELL by AUCTION, at the 1" Britaunia Tavern, opposite Limehouse Church, on Thurs-ay, July 31S.at 6 for 7 iu the evening preci.ely.THRtEEbrick-built DWELTISG-'.iOlJSES, Ans. 1,2, asnd3. north sido of Burn-street. Hienrystreet, Limoehou5e-dolds, also.aB Cotiae and a Plot of Grsuiid in the rear: the_vrhole let to good psJing weeklY tenauts at 5hS 12s. per annum. Partclare obtained at the place of s31ei of SMr. J-ohn B-otler, solieitor. Tooley-strect; and at Mr. £eake';eoffices. 44, Tooley-vtreet, Soethwvark. To Iroauongera, Builders, Brassrounder.N Smiths, Pivate Purchasers, and others A/R. BILLINGAY w!l SELLbv AUCTION, at the Rooms, 2S, Leadenhali-street. on Thursday, July 31. a*t 11 for 12, in lots, w.ithout reserve, the STOCK in TtAI)st of ern IrounoDger, removed from Edmonton; comprising tin, copper. japanned, and iron toodo fenders, cuthery, lsmps, baths. .'ryuig paer stEoses ovend ehvrus and spades, locks. hingesI t lethes, naF l an assortment of brass worr,ta fevincas anvils, black lead melting pets, and other articles, May ho vieRed the day prior, and ctalogues hoada athoomsnd at the of dcees of MAr. Bitlinga;, metal trades' valuer and auctUoneer. 21, Cole- san-street i Bank. Dover.-For the Benef t of Underwriters.--iToueehold Fmniture Agricnttureltn Imlaments. port and -iherry Wines, Ales and Porter in cask and bottle., (ils Pickles, Belmont and Sperm Candles, &o.' i--eJjB. ROBINSON roesectfnlly anounclees th3t be V _hsreceived instructions rso Capt. Nott, R N.. eperini agent to Lloyds. to SELL by AUCTION. To-morrow, July 29, at the Warehouse of S. 91. Latham. Feq.. and Qnay adjoioing, the umdermintioonkd valuable ARTICLIES, part of the cargo recovered from tho wvreck of the Josephine Willis; * cwt. of composite Belmont and eperm candles, bottled stoot, pale and bitter ale, reveral cas?s of pickles, ealad oil, malt vinegar. ke., quantity of rope, several cases of Port and Sherry. about 12 cwt, of gumss obic. a large quantity of modera household fumrittrr, conssttmg of sofas in hair-cloth, mahogany diningaand dressingtablsa, portable water-closets and commods6, hearth-rugs. quantity of books, ironbedsteads and horsehair, mahogany dlningxoonoehaies, Windsor and blackebstre, towel horses, fancy flover pots and stands, -400 box, tray. and shaving glaces. feather holsters and pilloi,s, boot Gtards, chamber eloseb, end aveUtnots; ironmongery and agricultusial souDlements. 15 cwt.compoettion nails. valuable cooking apparatu with pi,e, register stoves, galvanied iron rods. Itansome'apatent eoo!ee-miU witb hly-wheel slves, naids. agricultural imulenoents, ba'.. 40 cases of paint, several arge paikeng cases, and other empties. Sale will commencoe punctually at 12. o'clook. --Goods may be viewed on lifond:y preceding the sale, from 10 O'cl D*in the momnear until 4 in the afternoon; and catalogues had of the auctioneer 18, Bench-street, Dover, and at the place of sale, at 6d. each (retrnaisle to purebasers). Devansbh_-Im oret 6ale.-By Mr. WM. WIlLS, Iumelse re- viously at O by private oontrutct, of which due notice 'wi be given,l atte New london Lnn, Exeter, on Tuesday, 5th Augwt next, at 3 in thesateroon, either atogether or in lota, rpT iE Manor of. Colleton and valuable Freelold _L Estate% desirably rituals, in the parLiheg of Cbul eh and Chaswleleh, on the North Devon lne of railway, which pasus through the Chulolcigh estate, and iewithin eay di3tance from the C(rswleigh estates, about 25 miles from 3:xet6r, 17 from Orediton, and 15 from Barnotaple: comprising the muasdoa-house of Colleton. Oolletcusnills, fsTm-houeea ndbudinge, and oottegee, and about 794 scres of inpestor arable, orvhard, meadow, m arsh, pasture and 'wood land. The Isopeity is well adapted for preterving gsane, and several packs of fox-hooads and harers are hunted in the imnme-dite ,cinity; and theriver Taw, which forms tho weztena boeunday of the Ohoimleigh estates, afford exoelldet filng : and all the ptemises are ampable of gree,t improement, and offer a rawre pportimity for investment. PriutedVsrticnlaslr with plnns of the property, showing the proaosed lots, may bh badi at theNew London nafo eaid at Colleton;orfom Mr. Wills, fhs auCtioneer, at13seter. 5'er viewing tho preismlseiopChulrnleih rlaap to Mx. George Itowclffs, ae CoLleten. a nd asi to thoce in Cbharlesthj SO sf,r. Edwvard Btee3, the tenant thvere Any further informatlCos, and lrinted patculars anid plans also, may be obtained from b!eer, Dmonend and Sons srvOpre, Exeter; *Nr. Thomas Hesthield, Stoo10g near Tivcrton; i. T. Wintaler, B,, -12, LInoohn'su-flel)d Iouo tor3fsxF foar =ndEiD,toictoasnd ;e,to =btr Mfolten. s)evon.es ter n-Sn ol.te n Eent.-The Wo bldham Court ,, comprising an exeellent-Resi- dEuce. with numerous Out-buildings, Two Cottages, and 478 aecres Or valuable land, about three miles irom Jio:hester.andeveamiles 'from the coonty town of Maideton: 1/tSUMAIRTMEp IEliD ;Vwill- offer for SAL:ElS by 1 AUCTION, at tbe Mart on Wednew Jul* 3D, at, 12, the above highly valuable LEASEHIOLD 1.ROPE TY. ceoi;tlig of A substantial and gentesmemty a,nn-oo"; wNhttthe reuisite outbi logs, to lauleoureof co es and about 478 acres of able, liDture,, marsh and woodland, Vt ariiht to depasturesbeeP onW0U1dhXMn conmon; in the OCcapation of'?r Py, eatthe moderaterent et £450 perannuns. It is hetS under s, yeam' lea, from the Deir- n&a Chapter of Itochetew which li;& been =esewed e revyenyerwsb, gYn5ent of the estnary frn, And,was renewed-atresh lhiE year. 6xe rekved rent Iaadlandt-;x amount to £23 13&e 2d,1,per annur.; Thlse8t%teils Lttle more than thee mllesfrom the.Pocheitxoj. snd -Strood Railsay Station, and-is situate oeth -the baks bOf4ho -itte Kedway,intho vltaity.of thecelebrredelim-weorlk .t Mzesralew -and pthem It presentsa s most desirable. opportaniti to tho ca l-, :talist,asltmontain3rnin50. exceloent:chalt, cajpsle of 'b1ing midelutokgrayliese orthefatnous Portlud cement. These rainevmay he -worked by arrangemnt with tbe Dean and Capter of Rochester'; Being contlguoto thee rer MedsAy (on tbabanskol wshich ith a t extenzsive and bugstentie wharf lit affor ever fclity of_W kVr or._ vMyanes The someeryibmostextensiv andvaried,and' tbe m ia; wrlladapt'ed to the eec,srratioo of game: a' the -upp&jert`on of it! contains n ient cover. Thefaumznsbo kl*ed'-on ap rietien to 34r. Pre, the resent otenant. Tart=aulaxr. with piabsiattfehete, ians heohiain2dl0davsptiotodth ay of-pale, at the Sn HrtIR, atham: Oow Inltoehosicy ;'Falcon Hoe4l Graves6nd; at the Au#-. ffon Mart of ltochatd Hart=,.tq., solicitor.- Fdoketone * of -}l Bowear, Son, and Cotton., 4, CnnoeoaN Landon, a td 'tb eisa* (4 My, I _ ; o M s a 3. Middlesex: Preebl-,dBResdng lezAnd adOicba-d, in bWtel1io tr-red.int xnlow. sa twolots, No'. 21,1. BWd t-wsrtv Imritare, Greand ?ianotbil. IT- Brard, mnagnfient Clocks and COsudelabrd; Stvres. Dreaiden. and Cbelsea Fwee3salsn. 3nsa. t'icteroe, flrawinas.- Sesviae of Plate, capital Mail Phaieton. a.flegvs' Double audfiinleHa`nesa, lt. M SS.FAREBROTHEP CLARK, and LYZ aunt-v=rones.tbat,Zhaing disposed of thebeb~utlfuil state, Berrymead Priory. Acton, includiagthe *bole of the ftted furniture and Part of the effecto of the lata G. Traford fisls, FReq_.teeb, hae removed the remaining valuable portion tothUeAnolion Roomr, 21, Old BFon.d-str6eet.whichwillbe SOLD THISDAY. July 28,at 12, Lodirk. eluOdes &rSly Dresdlen, Chelsea. sand other china, in grouse. figrises vases &c., numerous dRue lxrizen, bandslome tirnepieceai ja r-iml.. slaildr%res cares. candelabra and aRmps, a- service of Victoria-pLttern nlatein sDooo.z. lorkB, lea and o:rffeo serile, salts, &c * excellent-pla.ted *gao-Is In entmIev, second course dishes raIsems cruets, iuA hotuTes; ia collection of it--ures sud drawinps, hicluding.exquisits, spec imens by fireuze,-Eugeno LateS 3lurillo,Br. Mrs,lvthers, Doield. BonrlhetjREarthnlomnew. and other eminent; utistr- rnsible buwts aird f7gures,-a few orticles of decorative farm itnre, comiTriping he;ntifbl Cbofly-ad kuls *caninet's, elegant marquelesie tables, Persiaum ots ccu and a brilliant tore-d andI pianoforte by Erard in wte~ciaand glesa, d. At tYe satmetime v.111-besoldaslew artic!mles pc are.d. sremoved from Shotover Homie, Oxforihbire; coOmp-lsmn two larg Chlsol-len?gth= i~ti I,g&Ms. and Queen Anne by Na,pper; be, eortiah of O erIyI cTr025, and other paintings;azSttoe bed. ith angins, o nE n (eo3 ;61ret -a pair of console ta-lc withTare Italian marble tops ite, May bee vlewed, and tho carriages Bray be seen at Wrr,y's stables, Bar'low mews, Beuton-etreet. Catalogrraa to bes bad on the promise*; of Messrs. Davies, Son, and C-arrpbell7 Warwick-stn.et, Regent street; and of Measm:,-arebrutlbcr, Clark, and Lye, 6, Lnoao-place Strand. The vsdnabl.e C rrao John Liegoe 'te,epoety 0 hrlt M ESSRS. WIN an eySl u7. siventions THIS DAV. JTuiy Id. andIS zuluseqcrnt dayo. the whtle of the. HOUSEr HOLD FURNlITIruK and Ornamenta-il Effects of this spacious Mansion. thte jeer' 120 dez, af thrreie wines, service of plste, inrlndfing aibout 3.051 ounces, plated articles jewels,and trinkets. including Mesai'deient and cos_ly diamond neebflace; with stars s,ed ear-sings antique and other dr,g- cholce snuff-boxes, waurbld baste, collection of bs.nzez, miereaLe, shells, ano, EtrusIcan % are. pictures by anirerft an modern, ireatem. including Titi,n Ruysaeat Waterloo, Brmuwuw, Ferg. Vaodrrrslde, opien O.,ebould Tobetrann, and others: an extensive lib,ary Of Renara! an'd liscellaneows literature. including Caxton's ( erylef Miglnd, 1481 ; DuAgrlae'a Ilonweotin "nglieauua; .oe 'S Selillhrel 3onuomenti; 4,giorourt-s Hlistoiraedcl'Axtes IeAoue:Cam3en's Brilisnula, byGerugh: Vieset Oterxresra Peintrea lea Plunt ,rllibres: a fine se, or the Chronicles, in 20 1s; Flour'Y's Illstoice Tholermnstique- Arch,eclorri,: WlVkiusor's Londin Illiu-tratsa HalslnYt's VoYsges; ;Yarrelry5 British hints aud Fishes: Atmnales des Musies, ike. anetensive oullectian of engravinge,seleeted for iliuitrating a. ~ictionary of Painter.,, comprisIng Snprooeri nr-te, by ton early mwart4' Geroran wood eigrarings, t,oriz2lts after SirJoshua Beycrolds scud Vzizdyke,and varIois bry Nanitani, Edellngi; Drevet, icc.; yhilo.-opidcal instrumenss, micrmocopes, and telesopres, and numerous cmreceliaLeour property. Catalogues, as stated below, wsay be vias at the residence.; an-i of Mouse. Winstaaler,ipataruoaster., row. OrAer of&Sle. Ce-rameneingea,ch dayatl1precisely. ThlsDas. .July213.,To-imorrow, --th, Wednesday, 3t, and Thuida,y, le,trinkets, ringe, snuff-boxes, feerviee of silver plaze, and plated articles., SatudayAugst -Th Colecionof ictresin drawing roon, Thewhoe o te fregingtobe iewd tisday and mornings of Wednsda. Anost Tirireay, th.Fridy, th. Saturday, 9th, Tueday 12h.andWedesay,11t,-ThecoslyColleston of EngrarThedae fer viewing the msen will be Monday. the 4th, and Tuesday th 5h Agut aid oring o sae.Catalogaes (is.ach) will beralo h30th July. Monday. Aucest I&-Fumniturn of Drawing Room, dcssrative and Ornamental objecta therei.. go:d satcbm. anid a few ringa. TaeeS-sY, August IS-13'arr,ittr of tsr- Pringspa. Red Rtooms entr-anro-hall. and staircase, large library. ronre, anod Other deconrtive objectethe-eio. gainthars. musmeum of e-rnera's, shells, fosails, 9do. Wednesday, Arugust 2ft-Table and Domiestie LAinen court dresees anid state liverice, ornamental foreign chine, furniture of two be rooms, and morning room on3 dart i1bar, gictures, bronzes. Etraosoan ware, and numerous ruiscellaeousiierme. TOnrslay. Auguest I.-Seientific Tmnrttmests. tablechins and olsen. furniture ef dinin room and several bed rooms, bronzes, pirtme26s and ornamental artlclus. Y'riday, Angizt4sZ-Funitune ofsmall Library, loag room, and nire attics. rome bronzes. pictures. and Prints, kitchen and offices, carriages, and out-door artilets. The ayrof iewforthis Portion -wil be Saturday. August 16, and also o the uroing of ech ays sale, until half-past 12 oO&otoc_ Crssbrnes i. oth,wil b redyon the 9ib of August. Sale01 reeldBeidiu -Land aid ~DwelJise-h-u'e, LierP-oot_To he Sid b Auei.,u pesuat to an Order of the Yligh Court of Chancery mad in he aoe of "Young v. Hodges, "YVoung v. Martland" ad "oun v.Young," with lbs apr,,rbation of the Judge to whoe our te aidmuesare attac_heel, by 3tessm WINSPANLgEY and SONS, the a cters appointed to sell the same, at the Clarendon oonr. Suth ohnstreet, Liverpool, on 21monday, the 4th day of Augst t 2o'cockinthe afternoon, toll lots, the following P'r6a. hao Dlwelllne-hanbou andPiecesof Building lrnd,in erten-ceonent and Toxieth-oari.erierol ol A Piece of It . na ivro( .Lt- n iscn siutee Bu ig Land, vith as Cottg t ron C'3-iutDO the vwest ride of Lodge-lane, in Toxteth park, near 'Lirerpool. containing in the wae?ltqaoul,o inthe ocen- s.taon of Jshn%Winter. as yearly tenantd. Lot . A piece of building a'nd on the ranth side of North-stneet in Toxteth_parks =tntsin-i-g in the Wh~ol 9.148 square yards. Lot . A pieaofbiriding land on the south side of North-street, in Toxteth-~park, contalning in the whoee 3.241 squ.re yards. Lot 4. Apiece of buildin~g land on the north side ofUtpper]Bean-sheet and south sideof PrinceEdwis-lane, inLEverton. Let 5. Tw',, dwelling-houses on the north sidle Of Upper Ilcan-street, in Ererton. with the mt-a dwelling-houses behnd the same, and rau the sLouth sideof Rack Be,-au-street,numbered respectively4S and 50. The rents of this lot, amount-to £51I. qLPer annum. Lot 6. Twro dwellingho-uses on the north side of lloe-arth-strect. in Everton, aforesaid. oumbe'ed 1 and 3. and is the Occupation of Daniel Jones and Jane T wIgg, noid the dwelingii-house at the back, nunrianed 114, an Upper,Beanistreet aforesaid, Let 7. Two dweellig-bona!s, in Evrirtoo-cresceot, in Ecextots aforesaid, numbered respectirely 9 and U: - also the coach- houseaud stableat the back of the a-id prensises in Rule-stleet. LOt' 1. Three dwelling-houses on the south bide of tUpper Beani-sreet aforesaid, nuniberei 24, 26, and 28 resnectively, and the thr2ebares behind the caine, fronting Baak Strickland-street, in Everion, aforesard. nnobmbero respeeslo;ely 9, 1B, and 13. LotS. Three wein-s a.oo the slunlit sideb O1 UPPer Beani-street aforLesaid, numbered, 10. 32, and 34 and the three houses behind the samne fronting Bask Strirtland-, street, aforesaid, numbered -13, 1?, and 19. 'Lot 10. Three dwelling-' hoaues on ttae eouth side of 'Upper Be asree=aoresid, numbered respetIvely 16. 3S. and t0. witha the three houses bhn the srame and on thae northi side of Leek StrickLrnd-street aforesaid, niumbred. 2-1, 23, and 25. Lot II. Two d.elling-lraeses on tire south side of Upper Bean;-strelet aforesaid, numberd 42 andl 44 respecliveLy. with the two dwelling-houses behind the same and fronting Book Strickland-street. alosesaid. numbered 27.nd 29. Printed particuilars and conditions of. sal may the btaignedis LivE..rpolgat te lepole odrso Msr. Norris b aernd Son,tNort Jon-sPreviust,ierool Mess.Ceona bierpoad andheAfr in ondf ande a th ofsier ofa wnnhde ed Jend.s: A kof, ess NoUrri and Hollen, Befr-rw n iee Tofofonen .Io Merchan tsanOte. j1J'ESSB,S. FULLR dHORSE r ierc~d wih the o sienetsof t .J ogIs oSELb UCIN the Siars. on Wednea.Juy.at2, nlt,wtotrsv,20 bulk by permisson.he wto dazeopevi to the ae aalge a MacinryAeut al-Thes okwhc etoethier ohcpyudn a saleusn n IrntoksofM. -t.eae at Blackwllwnahlopotlb.-so ~frontage FULthebaesR 4~andfroRtgSE ,ICnjloOa mud OrthardSlaes,PIJJ.laf-al andlon. ahe insoruthdbteAsger with the mrcionse tof theV M orige. ,o Doffe:rnfrSihyAC.Na the Nart, LonWdonesdilay c'0-h tofmJulynex,(esai acpal fe bed preioulyn mdesrit by esabishaedCnta) inhen lo.tee-es Ceas. Manfre,qtoenthe wthrogoth whoe oayfb the vlal ie lnn Malwchiey These from'twiteht ogeilterminsuyaeeo S in. Cst .roetb means fwhith the Thmsn ortrioand Bofthen wori havin a wdrc fronached vetthen TAfahames ;theiei Alandfrentge abuton7 Ti iy-e ant Ocar-pae,Bac kmaoflm , aind onTheresour-theWowe B fiors nerthe pupoens o ipoun tothe Vctonvrsi-onDaf I.s be -e l wichan ine wlorks.ar Londonquallditwn direc comsd paunicstuu wth te nor andg maidnd distict bsuest ablshd, Thed iaptahe fromS the citi eay n frequent throug -hout thoay byothe and kwalIwand Burt waBooh1oich Linesofro hirjointhv termnu hain esesbsred nledwt,hin mhesnus profdhc henrhr and sxm'h ou thrers upmdivsion30tn of thewclnr rig eaheed.wti Thel anh hauracthereG is alsoafrry axcuss how-gaireefo frthe faiit af womunwinereuttion. ThInurre ofhte estabuldishm-eptnetfo thaprpiia osesrofhipbuldtng coneionsofaarin a nd' genra enmainel tagewok, amd uhGnequalle inm sheigaworl,upad Cof n.t thon D f ship- havint beepnyth bouil Wetead rance R inthy yearsny 15a 3 furl' yardlld n sw, whupa,die frm tefrg and irtont workse up-e wardcs of A111 ons ofhr lion bae been hammeredoaned romlledawithi theo same period, and fromdr 7et the foernls pards,o . thJaons,o cti-e fiorth firmaa wthd-ie Gesuoa. 'evaInlt theshPbuilingvepartmenWth veseahav btleen buls_yctsfor theEgih, orkmpri, ruman itssraroh,an Haris gnian ov3ee the VPenxoyonda azyt.ind Orienal,are thenea Siacrew, andth GeaclStieam aiationCompaxistniesrm,themDoert Mhail Pacet rampaniy, wthe Suchth-esterks tail anryomey,ad oths ere Brs, unequalledtin size,eunsurpassed ini a fqailr in iaanyoane cas. Anogo her ayfbe uwrlseod.,an wthonsiut iht f.5rgitos hoftelrdes,th Peru, toi o th rne he pranciadni neth eRrlsps th Largon,the Cis zthl eWtolde hammerted irnprdiua,ted Jason, theaex Vaict Or mmnuel the Genoa.iteeTrangit deathent 1Laevencut with maohrs:oalso yahie formi thela-Ri Emerorwrd of ltua aD isH ghet4rthe brideroy_; of Egypt Indi a, c am rs the apouhilinc anidg facrlties aorh orded by exis,ting aeranuefel thatroff the trapidity wfthe wlach the Raek are anrid tonisrperfecl stheir-n wori atgprThentworks excted atr the forewba b b-sen eqal Wkinstertwade indingh crleankeshft epartam-iato 29 tne bin eigh, r torg00-igsofth we lrgs dcau pIn fb r shdD e prncpaly Tengrineesina Lonldin,gs mr n th wreghtofd hammered ron h prorrtyin one yaea becolling- 1,610 thfound,-Tes engineer'ng deopartmeti t exctds tecrd aer's le oportion oftek= nsaublrrde. parso 1.ftl tonsof wrench beidgeafe-tte ad. with div Rasmwy terswrought -hon Iidges er theorth Lndnaiwyth Abealiu arn ro thecW terminus of the Bwlarkwar Baths-a haingdothe ncrtane adof theiron tork atfpresengatwcomletd c forty thenwo tlt ase,t-l ee at betstofnlnnl: win le i the bolaerakadber.-' wokdepartment,emaine stell ees q &o4ua o15-borame power canobe rfulced arnand ually,aTh principa L-riidings reon the freeholkd portigaionofte~ proerty13acnd ave onnlit eetau ed in tire~ rootheubstantalmartne they, r meutd fo the hame-avleit rollng ill, te fundtes woengne' sop.h aciey, h pat.: tenmake'andshoth, and are mtiednwitmproveme'anytshaon eal porctit on s nwithen twhlroe oneAS-havingcdoubl rns birnakezW sOrrasatt equal bms furr-hors, owr oos fubearm.puhing, and puncing presto., bteardl riletin mclsuteg trod loiig mchine. tc;anling menuiro scoprnwieaostet-actu~latsor, oeral f whi. pare -..s, "Ind lforthehea mici work, stmwiths forges lain. angle saind iknes p rane,, nitulink, latdmohered tols machinese whaledb 0a thboemPchiery sthea henzm makters, p-and wt all thes morbidern irrveeulsate, largnsidermable porio new switi thre yeat_ourn; spaciuat_ errlcu'sop t with orge, funace, starsn,.b buunting, gud drllong machines, masnive shainer laes Im mre . caio nndlft ar tstai mec.pi, SkIn ithtmberothand lde i gsreinTgfaels, pltanigang. oefutiteewrks affords the greAtest facility for the teinslt of Weas by land or wattr-, carrae aStheneTiaAuiding.ontOoWte Orth Woolwch 2wy atd,vclwharves nezt the wateradlde,alith poweira dChnee,-oneo hen bneing steamncrane quua1o285rd"a. DZeproxnirat,yof thie East.lndiW and VitraDcsi loo ra datg.Tiie5average coat jhf- of great extent, enorosoa in-die eapalitltes mnrl,xirallen-idtuatiric, enioying the highet "PrtatkInAr -tbe haraterof the work r- farmed, posessn iclitisslorthe 1winnrkcilouf bonuesI unnquallg~-. by aDy, and Ining-wiWnlteldal tineie i reqisie 1 co.mmand a lasgand laratlve traie. Tbe rure of tha-prisi . freeholScdd ty elw d l l . pinted .par( , of Chin Lee, X, o ncmcl nce. Aoo sUeof .leaca litWae, riws, arvA- er, solci -es .AldJersnr - chambers iluf Nee Nelthea ,aiwd Stees,a5. ldit0Wrdrbsp.a, Doctera'-err; a annd5BomylI , Foe-sreRet. e i Idelate aand of Messs Juleglan 33ores- etree I ODhIXL -2oMmrl.lSieKiioin,44,Faeiogfcortrest, one doe'Smob MI~1O.Gat SON ;IU SELL by AUps *fqr 1,geoainIROCEMYao olh.STOCIe., lne-ong -teas COff'C sugars, SQ osckiof finest Oergi' lbncbores, IOiiOblhe.packet blag, 1.0cwkmeO eedgh ael-quit & also . coontes, of-drane trDn dew i,roms cba5 as cetht2ve ighst-day dial, X in WitnDituue(under- d to yesaXDavy y, dwaida - Ointwiaa l at,- ioclk, and other btd msFeara lyofeafthsr-lsdbared4itug wtraaoiu,wseri-blaman,.e;so SC-Iih COash, abmnesla, hO, Os 'ne isegOf sal.OAr1i 5h;;~o~o~ ansIN t ab W'enaofise3 Hatton-raeSkUen,, ~~frj"Tha.li - BsX-f;bz^bHi A! lUW* E LPt2L03R .iAM%;TJSAL eftbsabovejas*.JS Si, _ se ODARD) vdh"'ii English sZ,hoo:a. aesug. "th"ti theHfdeedo t. etsr.; 4ag*setteo Cradfixi'an, old Fnziae 'E.y edy'GlaH* ~ ~ .k. mU aa iesOAnfldEydo,elai.OI W Ij Itvonrtor oocup6tiou, let to very'epcal eat,ad~g ducing arental of £22 pe-ruiau - xietbl eit~adW RI. GODDARD hiarceveduaoau~insoSErLL iTLbyAUCTIOIN,Iat the GroiyeorA.raw. -Grozvcnoi.rX-Qun berwfl.road, cu T,~aes'~,Xuir~tZ, 4ttoferXprSieeMy-. u~four lIs FOReFMsu Eladtily-ereted mAd well-doahed, ~FESID~I4ENM bding-Nm n n 0an ,Gorco iaeuh staaadn tat the rear, lit at reutai of £e0oper ssane,ru each hbale, teim. zs jeans unexpilred, at ground "aentso 8praauaeah lo iewlbodewelhgb,,,~e lWOe S. 4, asndlO Cyril-street Bfeaofi-tee Watworib, letat rentals n tirr~aou AG Ie nnust,eld f. alterm Of 707ear,at arround rent of;.3 Ue4re annmw :aheda fore holdTenement, wil~, ttefc.rtlae ounuty. Sn -ly.4teet, Peckbau,L To and-S YteM1AN0- P.rticuanniybahlt.of aesEes,Chester esto, ar-l atoNe, wnt-btt.fj~Iru 611o- 1rxe.Tuwer.street: atbepl"u f sle-, ndatt~ Veekan.em-~~ ejoun utf;Ml&4. peranu,rCis Pejham nibeatrerta. ofz £30erssem 'USELL yACTO,a ~~itbeMnu~ea,sr August13 l 1.tebv eial benbiain-dof H Lialllp,~ ,solicitor, 54 oeas-tet a at r. inda,a's ffies, olteuan.treet,cit byODDACTDOha eed nio to SELL itucrOLD utthe Mark', On Wedneslay. August13, at 1l, -a LEuamteHOL It'ESTUNCEG, Ngo. 4, Heahote-street, Mccderebarj.hrental of £75y.er annum. andbheld for ater of 51 yearB uxne icd; ast a low anmd rent of 19to erc sannam. Turobe veeb enitea Parlsculara may be obtained of Mr. Wingate, 5eiritc s,othlcortd. Throgrmortoo-strret: at the mart; And rat M.Cdst' Offices, 54 Coenxtc,set, city., 1%AESRS. ONI)sate SGNwil SELLSby AlTO' 1T.&TCIN,attb Mart-ot-huraay uly 31. at:12 for 1. thea desirabae ihE,L R~fSS 3 leh-etrset. Hoxton. Sor many years carriedona a,tiersg';Also. Fiv capital iour-roonsa, Dwelling-houe,staeH,1.t ,Cotb-ley High-street. noxton. lIt.t eseabeel-yigtenasals,producinz a. net a-entaf Ot;£93 per anm pa evee ylerznleono ParticularsjL-ad cpoditlonsha fffsr.Gan,Sn n eepe~r oilo-,~3 Bedford-row: a h at n tteal 'ofcs 51,dy maour-s'et-t.nia-ise Boust,on-square and flln,y-o Investment 0" -ccUp.io. AESSRS. BONDadSNwl SELL by AUC~ltLTXON. at the 5fe,OTurdr il'latl2f-.r] a'LEASEHOLD PROPBR¶LT Osstn ftre oss Njoe..6t, 81,'Aud.f09. Vpperde3-snour ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ra andldathWeser Ralwa, rsdclgbapsriit, renodtalofe5 er aan-o num, eld or a terma of s years as an Peasuhol Esantre of" nin houses, situte and bein ruSwixk-gowe. boangetZo&sZe. H4lloway let to weekt rspctbl wely tenants,pouigandietlo 8 e d pericg an anus Maybe vewedby ermwso.dby iuls andOEIZ Ptcensaditona a atretheMat andat he t thor.s'fie, 52,am eyour-cstreet, Leuston- Tcesml Caitlitf exfrihSr.o Cludnoths ca ndohes jj3ESRS.BO and ON wil SEL byN AU-1 iV,LmTeor cap-ta theMart,d Ptou hrdy July'r 31, atl D2fOt, a ea,zia private, RESubeEngE,ish WeetchesonCackee, -ardefsoa-stely asaessn and 7,L Yort-buildno, Ca, Ring-street, Sosseratown,eanh Tcontoiin leour r onomn, wit yardsGetntevapdakiers wekoiy, tlenatrprolateing ai gosrnof £1he lie, plaei er annum.h onld for 'aner oftrner dsat anu&a croveds a relgntalty beviewed byl"u plerisis. rppartcudr nand corenditiones head atrthe war;ine cte theuawret,uees'aodlcfr, 5, teyaoun. Lcsofe eVpnsv ag andufacto.Ere,nsands (fotk aoctie, idrshrypaimit -1e adouthervalcablsk.fBsd&. i, July2, tlo Prito!tlI ah and velkSeletss,d b%roa lthp, and a EdShIRlacEs, V and fahoal(eYatie,lnL areinchstmruct and rAerine,1 Assignenehapane quSELyArVTer asYo Hbrandye arfew lot ofti frniture 3 and effets et.11pae ~Tfu~a x.Tl 1 at 12-vthe SOfCapiffalmSeded ainte SilvmerItms,oOtry ENGiAmVen Grs fentp, valuabetEngishgWatches, Coldrk, nd lselQajogestoa beSSROf J.G BEtn, A Es. ;BodstOre,t idnd SO andofth LautioeesE, at 2,eirJtooaat, fig-treet, oeteren osror Jul 2.atur1, an PaIR-nt of coc LIT'LLIAIi EAR~l'c EllCS bteauti-e flrac,IRes ig, is n sh.O IrtStuds godwdil erELL watchis by the leadinglnd on, Pari n eneva T samorsi, ducts.2, sti12er'lotk, aPevB, of Shraweld platroean venison,meat, enuilress, andborerd'1ead. covers,tnobleg~bntlet,igpedeplteaul salters opau aotres xoffe equines candletifuycks.edioonrny oks nl uteywt sive banh. est aindipe otidnherovlales. hrvewedathe s palior. aed catWalogues Plad. hyeC ,Sls CIMI'. Lmeres. amAnd othRer rpry IMESSRS. HERRINGA Su R, n ONwl Poy~Juy 2.and tw uUwss sa, at1U, SeLVEII,Shedfielt. s, at eriter LAe,goletad watcohioes,cauoeeeadcok,dan ornameidntg,gl cbsts,osilkandrsatnaealnt. nso lW o, skins and eavl er. rappsarel iens, cina uriue,adsneelai nEac dla'ss sarle onviewtabs ley prirt gLtcrli c. P5iuerboganyes3dc rnec'Boembor ~IJISSRS DEWandha KEYEL wfl ELub kiTON ntchen Premueites.SaesretSrndery'i Tea, ngns dv, Ptaloagiuear will be sontl ano .and O- Toss Herint anndBaIc. Sel.lerets adCletr,I akiy Bom. GEO. C GsOULDstee isTeolseae OntDEuofdSALnxt Jof3 aIV,th STEOCI oDfsesTAT,anautrathed modertnTI ENGAY, oo, -fine pe psI impessons, etcings rme,ieldns &,Ctlo-s -i e of A. wtl-b.l Moraton, 1=q9- o. e o.ssr,ietsbsdors adof htheet anetioneere, 12. Blehossealotret without, WelSI-,Lade molder Ho iures, 100 vote, , of. 1Rokds, Pinooretojes,i_ -R GR.ROrBuasatMIr SON s wila - Sn utoELL, a hfioes R-osntstVre21. a ld 2,Beondy-treet.T-or-w uy9.a11'dcFU, WIeCmE ath- Psu'OMr. MI usIslo. of bvedstas vdbdin,clrt ofdAwers. watdrobes, Roalvloetadsan ireosihc tabo'les,i thasoe lattr nond,ar tables,a obiepta, ledofestall sfdeboarddiously tadles b privitg rtrdroomchirs,cea beautifllycaruped iforya dsme,lth Cruciiion, cloclaanbath, alvstampngpes of eand seimerions IandTvcllinos sthe jdsus bhe -vaesciwedthdyoprtisr. ~and atogusesad,gp Tcosew;ha bSC. John'easa-0 rit-Geucinh t-,isue l-j-, inoe3ofengrpingse, Paresa Cinrcles, lusregrlmet.sd o,aoveasnrente, ChiznU, Gle,ad ou ib ellela leceulowesanshrby retinsof the srpietngormsoens the Pemies sP-aortlabndtVla 1,Qeen'~!!s-roold.wSt. sb'so--,e, T-mrarowplay2t07 aturnitthe eceplrnts mand takpenisataa valuaionfItE teof a small thea psurdb comrisn. aoayfu-ot Trabin.Lad ohrbnlea andbedig,chetsfdasers. uao-aaGlocstaus reringo glarses, w tbetr gde onices,fI., mase Landbisdeoard, AttetZolfixnd i lsleSold chirs easychars, hin, glss,Rollchars ad torlt,ese roos,uepetas a Tedes dla- irons, Fuichcug, reqiotelees, gande role, ndoturitni MeSSr.HRrig n SRIG C-S. FleetStEetb ICTO.a Sale Rooms,Da0-WeStracl n Thurfsdc0yhexth uyM Bigdraoia i~ Rv. tUor reisly.Sau Tntir ORDdp ER of SeALE an,ef;g mIJennHt1O'LDc FUsRNTURE.ltogethr- t bu 0lto ue 2, A capital PesfeasdaralcoinergItesidenre,tNom12 t.odeornge'.e-ro.dmandfacpiturdwregrless ofhoust nzc el7e Tur-~ n.a,and em'roldentredsaly'hvrltintlgBsiee, writi taslnIfepol tomans. 4, Twov pcvaed lvo Residenes,sor, 7srpnd2l tlep -srdetabelgsvmed Te,VSix LeaseholdQ HabouS,cirsna8 and0 glum TWdOS, ebmreyo-glaws ice -Partinculars tche M~arpt; ndartLto ns,ciienesit hbean roiMeet.anfd 2,Brawe-road,oeles 3 Pnt Weyont,-b SI. bliL.ttvlE onWedesaythe 5thAn CirYof Augurst.- ait Les Rya otl. enouth Tat 'cloc in thea after- erety bydireto ofli thexecbuorsof1tLelAz,_te1Wmnteeten,-9 tag thr advantages of entirte seousont and riac in theer idst of the vaidsceyo)hnUlbinwteigpas h os,wihaa
