DEATHS. 'On 3No'ember 28, 1855, at Fremantle, Western Australia, Anne Elizabeth, the beloved wife of Richard MVeBryde Brown. Eq., Go. Terrnent Reesident, and only child of the late George Leake, Esq., L.C., formerly of the Stock Exchange, London. ag L On the 4th of January last, drowned whilst bathing in the river Murray. Ndew South Wales, Mr. Prank Morris Soutten, eldest son of Mr. and Madanme Soutten, of 27. Queen Anne-street, in his 25d year. <3n the 16th nlt.. .~ Susan ?deggott. aged 77. daughter of the late Joh Megol, Eq.,of lumrle, BB.,and from early youth an adopted and much respcted axnd belovednembierofD the family of the ate William nacdougaDl, Earz., of St. Croixr, D.Wf.I.e On te 18th nIt.,at 0the Covltt°o di Sean Psolo. 3iValet.l Mlta, the3 On the 22d ult., at his own residence, Hal-road, Handsworth, Thom3aa Einton Hieluck, Esq., in the 76th year of his age. -On the 23dult., at Exeter, James Brish. Esq.aged 44, formerly of the i2d Regt, after a protracted illness, which he bore with Christian fortitude. On the 24th ult., at fllere& Var, Franoe, after a protrwcted iUnen, bone withg eat fortitude, Thomas Weudt Wrght, of St. Petarsbnrg, P.,aged 42 On Friday. the 25th uIt., at Tatton-park, Cheshire, in his 75th year, W lraham Egerton, Esq. On the 25th nlt, at A5, Elizsabeth-etreet Eaton-quare, Mfr. Johr, Clayton. in the 65thx year of his age. IOn the 25tf wit., Charle, last sn-riving son of the late Rev. Henry Ford,LL.D.. canonrzesidentiaryof Hereford, andPrilnripal of MagdaIen Hall, Oxford, aced 66. On the 26th ult, at Bala, North Wales, aged 20 years, Owen Cbarles Ri.hards, only son and child of Owen uctard, 3hD.; of the same On the 27th tlt., at Westwell, ;ent, 3mr VIfttle, ia her 92d yea. On the 27th ult., at the reddence of his Ather-&-Iaw. Williin Drayson, Esq., Bromptoi, Kent, Wiilarh Woods;* Escj., of Her' Kajesty'sDoc1qard, oolwich, inthe 61st yearof bisagg; On the 27th ult., at Reigate, in the' 31st year o5 her age, Mar Isabella, only danghter of John Bently. Esqz, SecretsL-y of the Bank of EnglazK. * On the 25th ult.. at Great Waltbam, Essx, aged 35, Wiliam George, ldet son of the late Surtees Wm. Clarance, Esq. On the 2Sth ult., at the sI Stratford St.Haw's, Suffolk, Elizabeth, widow of the late Thomas PhIllips, Esq., RL.. aged 74. On the 29th uit., 3r. John Walter. of Purley Oakl, near Croydon, in his 57th year, much regretted. Onthe 29th ult., at ighgalte, ThomasaBroadhent, aged 6&. - On the 29th ult., at her residence, in Dorset-gardens, Brighton, after an illness of four days. Sakey. relict of the late George Matthew Burchell, Esq.. of Scots Land, Bramley, Surrey. On the 29th ult., after two daye Ine.s hIr. Edward Reading Bucknili, of Bedford, studt ad dreser at St. Thomass Hoepital, aged 23. On the 30th uit., at thehonse of his son. 52, Inverness-terra Hyde Park, Thomas Ashmore, Zeq., in his 72d year. Onthe 30th ult., at Tottenbam, Middlesex, inher 82d year, Mazia, the beloved wife of John Cock, Esq.
HANK of DErOSIT O. 3,Pall-mall east, London; 33 st291sed-.D.184-TOrllesdeAousofinwanting money are requ:ested to examine the plan of the Bank of Deposit. Prospectuaes and forms for opening acoulntg oent free oni aplication. PETER MORRISO, lMaziagingrDirector. rEiHE ROYAL BRITISH BALNK allow. interest on 3.:- the daiy balances of drawingaccouts, if not under £100,audont Ceposits.of any Amount. (ash credits are granted to its rezuar ateners on suitable securities on the Scottihf syntern, and circuilar bills, kr.. are issued, without charge, payable in every twn abs ad free tf ctmMlIon.01 The Interest SLoe tpeeton deposits is 8 per tent. HUGHL IN-1 CAMtfl . Gencer1AL Staager. 4QOUTH AUTAIAN BANKING COMRA2NY, ,I OI Charter. 1847.-The Couirt of Diirectors Zank~ Adelaide, at and BILLS upon the Company's A roedrfsnegotiated and mettter collection. Busnes wth llthe Australian Colonies conducted through the Raksagents. -&vplrat the Compan ffices 54,0ld Broad-street.i london. Londn, stAril I WILIA PURU~Y, M,aniager. BANK, Ldcesteer-t1rsqucre Bills are cashed andasdvanesamade to responsible pemrson, In sunes surging fbom £E2) to £1,000, repayabe within three, mouths, or b2 jtane tawi-- aya.H Wt. SEALS. Mlanager. -O IN BANK, 6, Great Wiacehester-streot, April J 0 86The- Court of Directors hereby give notice, that the YEARLY GEERAL MEEtNG of theProprietors wxill be held at theoffce,as bov, e Thrsdy, he 9thday of May ensaing, at 1 c'clcn reerei whch eetng illals bemade Special for the pur- hose of consid oder in th Dee erigof, nd,t appoved,deteniniguRoad alteration of Setlemnt, y reucin theminiumnumberr of fHee- placeuf Olivrm re adJh HorNati fORRd, Esqa., whogo, outeb roimon,bothof hom,beig eigibe, fferthesoeve ntc for e-eeion By orde, W. KTatLEWE4. Sak-ae. s. PORTION: ncerpoaled b Roya Charte.Hadlofflice,b27 Canno-stret, cty; esten brach, 36, eset-ons-teraci,n hu Hede- crescent, Hyde-park.ment rebutyLONDa-ON n ATN CAtA ORS BANKIN P.OS.,10 HeardaOsldm07 m-streettPorlan-plce XheLo don anEr.er Branking36 Cetourporatio ier ntce. o hi in The immeiat viciNit ofAteWclonAl,R ERSKand , need rmarkt.Th beenlongflt especitsally bynei the agi ultural n anresr; an,inthu apoenutes,vor2 to meet. whatehas beent gloeneal adhemitted t beoatgroa Commercialnteesity the diepcted look0 cofdentaly fo spprcet. from theet who arloedinteresat seglted intebntnac tof discotantesablehmet.e PORATION:establishd 1st Janary,e18b4 Curet Accunts re oened n theusualmann r,awths apovedn ~~ea, er cent interet bein allowe on theminimu monthive CallAccontt-or cresdepoitedat 1 day' cll, 5fpr cent. dnBank of England.NK Mnam thbaee of thiPBk i IndaenabteAth Coroaton to. allow Wemcet In, Lt SAr eteranm paODF iTdq brif yearynfrthee JAMES G. CEfEWITT, Erq., Vice-President, TroonasaG. IRidout, Esi., Cashier. Bankeersinx tendon-Mesgrs. Glyn. MiLs, and Co. Thin Bank bas, for cnannyyear.,~ deservedly enjoyed a high reputation in Canada. Its bead office in at Toronto. the neat of the Colonal ILeislature, and the principal city in Western C-anda. It transacts teuieaof the Provincial Government, that of the Great Western R.ailway of Canada, and other important local enterprises. By a clause in the charter of Incorporation, the liability or each shareholder is limite~d to double the amount of his capital stock. The original capital of the Bank w-as fixed at £10A00 by an Act of the Colonial Legislature in I82. Since that time, it has been suiccessively inc,reased,and recently, by ani Act passed in 1154, authority was obtained to raise the capital to X£1O,00084. Durinig the last 30 years the dividends and bonusee paid to the Shareholders have averaged folly 9per cent. per aunum. For the yeses 17.5 and 1854 the disidtends were at the rate of?7 per cent., and at the end of 185 a bonus was distributed (the sev,enth since the commencement of the Bank) of 12iper cent. Twodividends, eachbof 4percent. forthe half'-year,have since been pid,tie last being up tothe 3lstDecemter, 1855., at which timue, after deducting the dividend, there remained to the credit of the profit and los account, as a recervo fund, the sum of £76,433. On the I'th Septemboer. 1I85 the amount of capital paid up was 4602,8:0, representedI by £12 IOn, (currency) shares, which are mostly in thehandsof the principal men of the province. The greater portion of the balance Of cap,ital not subeennedl at that date has since been raiseed on shaxres isued in Canada; but alimited number have been reser.-ed, oat of which 8.00ChavTebeen placed at the disposal of the undersignedi, from whom they can be had, On application, at S per cent. premium, or £10 i5s. 54d. sterlirr- per share. A deposit of £8 A. Od. per share wil be required to be paid by thze s,ubsecnbers onallotmenut, and theremaining £5 on the 29th Mfay. Thie Arragemntswil bemad tohavethedivdens rgulrlypaid to Applcaiousfrrhres,accmpaned y adeDosit of 2Os. Per share, to b mae t Mesrs Foser nd raihwnte,68, Old Broad-street. General Statement of the Affairs of the Bank of Upper Canada, on - Monday, the 17th day ofjSeptember, 18~55 Dividnd anTh up LIABILITI. Capital Stock.Pi p. . . . .. . e V02850 0 0 Dvdn nBonus unpaid.785617 NXet Profits in hs%tion84572 18 2 B3ank Notes in.crilain790,912 5 0 Balan,ces doe to other Banks.51,058 5 2 Deposits not bearing interest.325.289 0 10 Deposila hearing interest.73,8421S 4 ASSETS. £1,918,076 14 n SpecIe in the vaults .. . £2464 i8 4 Real Estate and Bankl fimauo29,821 8 10 'Votes of OlberBanka. ek&ggyi 0 Balances doeby otberBxnks .. 855,8812 2 B3ills and Notes discounted, Slortga~sa, an~d othei Secu- lities.1,451,619 7 5 Govermnment Debentures.210,054 12 311 £01,855076 14 12 Profit and Loss for the Hralf-year ending 31st December, 1885. Dr. :4 a.d, :1685,IDec 31. To amount of Iiisborosnents 20.151 6 s TO balance carried down . 3S,461 s 7 58,782 12 0 Cr. I=55 Dec. 51. Byaomoutof grossprodtrfOrthebalf-year Mt782 12 0 1868, Jan. 1. By- balance of net profil' . . .8 ,461 s 7 Deduct 66th dividend at the rat-e of 4 per cent, for the half-year . 24,2710 2 3 - 14,191 3 4 AddbalanceofdittoonDec.l,I!55 61,247 10 4 Balance at credit of rest this day... 76.43513 6 THOMA&S G. ElIIOTT, Cashier. Ba3nk of Uprer Canada Toronto, Jan.]1, 1856. Cl EERA BAK of SWITZERLAND. (Cr6dit '1. Inerntioal toheis et Foncier.l Sociilta Anonyrnoe Idmited liailiy. aptal00,00Ctff. £2400,000). in shares of 250f. (£10) each. The hars wit h isued n treeequal series. The first series of 200 00t. or £850000,i 80 shares of 250f. or;£10 each, in now open forsusrpin 2000o these shares having' bee alreaedy-snbscribe.a fern Geev.00000 onl can now be offeredto the public inEnglandI Yac,and StritzerIand COUNCITL of ADMINISTRATION. 31. to Duo do Lorges, Paris 37. Le Mfar,quis -Nicolay, Panis Sir Robert Waltter Claren. Cnairrnan of the City Bank-, London 31.AdolphcoBaiso, de Veg. Paris M1. BitayrCssierfta,Genev W. Cl-sar Droin. Ancien Directeur do la Banque GC-nfrale Snusse 121. Droin,t. Ais Uticsm Sous-Directeur do la Banque GCinirale Saisre 31, James Eazy. PrCsIdenit du Cosseil d'Etat do CEntelv 31. Gustaive doe Fernem, Banquier iTurin 111. to Chevalier Blanc do Fernex, Rentier, Turin Charles GUpin. Faq.. Direcrtor of the South-Eastern Railway 'Edmund B. Goldsmid, Fee,. Paris 'M.C. Robler, Banquier et Adminisirateur dui Chemn doe _per do lsonS C-loGire 3L. Moulinid, AinE', IN gnelant, Anrien PrEsident du COnsel d¶taet tie GC-inve Ml. to Vicomte Hntteaud'Origmy, Paris 31. Charles Farchi. Paris 'W. Scholeffeld, Ehq.,INL.1., Chairman of the flankl of Bgirmingham John Stewart, Esq., Dirrector of the London and Westminster Bank Lt. Auguateo 0m do Vernec, Vice-PrEsident do la. Socilt Anonyme tIes Mrines doe la Mayenno et do la Sarihe. Offices of the Bank in Paris, 710, rue Louiis le Grand. B3ankers in London-The CitY Bank- and London and Westminster Broleers-i,resns. Sheppard and Sons. 28, Threadnieeafe-stmet, Lon- don;. Messrs. Carilen and Whitehend, Royal Exchange-buldctngn, The shares aro3.to bearer after payment of 125francs or X5 on ea sbare. The second and' third series of shiares wil he irsued when the busincea of the Bank requires urn increase of capital. The holdlers of the capit-al shares of the firstseriesare enititled to subscribe for two-thirds of the shares of the second eerier at par. The holders of theCapital shares of the first andsecond series arsontitled to usutcribe for two-thirdlsof the ,alases ofthe third series at par. The statutes have already been duly sanctioned and homologated by the Government. ,,Fr eeryshae to ortdeaes illbe ssed, one to be called the Aeton in apial, orcerifiaterepeseting CaPital Only, which willbe pid of anexplinedbelo, wih 25percent. bonus-vq; the other It is prvded by the satuLLtes that the Directors shall ret apart an Annual=Rsev Fund, sufficient for the reimobusuemeut in 30 years of The whole capital, with abonus of25 prcent. The capitalishares to be thus paid elf from time to time wy eil deterts lind in the same manner as the payment of the herein of foreign railways is conducted, that in to say, by annual drawings. The "Actions deu iouissa%nce"' ace in the mean. time, as befoer st ated, enti tled to the net profits of th e undertalre- - and,L at the expiration of 10 years when the capital shares have be&; extinguished, will, in additiion, represent the capital. and thenceforth uinite the advantages of the capital and dividend shares. The General Ba-nk of Switzerland combines the advantages of all the great financial establishments existing in Europe, and will meet not enly the internal wants of the country, hut also those of tho internationial commEere between England, France, Sardirdn, and Sw'itzror laLd,the extent of which isndailyincreasing. The cief ffic is t Geeva,and rances will be established in In te cty o Geevaalon, were hos is vast anilinon of capital lad il s1nn a ag muto rftbebsness. ItT Theproxmt ofLostepicipalst of French oMn t"caln fnnlaetepis,w_ s pradngs Itnot,c accumulte n n locabauein estblihmet, willenssre tothelBnko Sistmreranda fed1 -fo'rthe eployment of its fUnds, and the isueoof itanotes and obligations. e The commercilal relations of the Bank with Enaland will- be very considerable. The manufactories of watehes andI jewellery- established at Geneva and Neufehfitel annually employ an. amounmt of goldi estima ted at nesrlyltO.000,00f. I4.000.OOCOl. Th,is dema,ndis principallysuDplied by the importations of gold fromn California anid Australia to London. -The payment ofdividends (ata f3xel exchanmge ot 28.for£l sterling) wHIltakeplatceevery six montha; they willbe paid at thelbead offce, and at the different branches, on presentation of the warrants, The shares will be nom inative or to bearer, at the option of thellahar. holders ; they will be delivered in exchanige for the bank-era' receipt showing the payment of thte first instanlment of 12Sf. (£51 on each share. Mhe Company being a SociCth Anonyrseno deed sili have to be signed. Arplications for shares must be made to One of the brokers of the Conn,anyin te acompayingform huteach aPPlicant will bo requird is payintoeithr ofthe 'onany r barers one p-ound (;El) per shao o th nuahe ofshaes ppled or,inexchan)ge for which a reeeipwil be ive. Te moey hus aidtuwill be applied towards the instlmen orE pe sha payble n te nuber f sares allotted, and he esiue f suh istamen wil eonepaybleon the allotment ba incas no llomen bemact th moey illbe forthwith Penn of APplication for Shares. tO the DirecCtOrs of the Ge,ieral Bank of Switzerland (Criellt interna- tionial Mtoblier et Foacier). *Gentlemen,-uaving paiduinto thehbandanof the Bank the Eur Of £ to your credit, X requestyou will allot me shares of 250 franics (£1 serling) each in the above Company, and I agree to accept such shares, or any Inn3 nuamber that may be allotted to me, and to AbD'ide bY the PrGv!4Gn3 fte statutes of the Company. Name ................ -Dated this Address............... flE IflN(p t INIA nd U~STBALIAr, St Th undrsiged GRNT DLEMIand S of CREDI§! on alutt, tada,Bomay TMlburn, ndSydney, without charg Etccomisson;alo Lttes o Cedi ~vflaleat ConStntisnopre, Male, ndeerpridpston~ uroe. GRfl4DLAyrand Co, Zet- India Army and CooilAec,14 ishogate4.tree andOS gail 1110SHIPPERS and others.-Tupn n C-' T * PATENT GALVANIZD and COP,UGTD iNIrn Awlf, xologral ass4 YoiisWIe-,Maoinhe.pae i TrHELONflONafl1WESTMINSTER BANKI~.ssiLes .1. CIRCULAR NOTES of £10 eah paymble at'every 4rpertant lplaoein=Erp. Thtse notes are is.e withoutcharge,and theyses aabedshia, f oreeof oens-ieon.TheBlaakalaoiweues.f-eeofcharg.. letters of credit on all the principal cities and towns in Europe. The letters of credit are issued oul. at the head office, in Lothbury. The, ecarclarnoteermay be obtaind ax the hedfoe. o~einLoDthbury. or Mtany of the beanclhes. Tiyx.- Weestminter Branch, 1. St. James!a-squar&. B3loomebury Branch, 214. EJh Holborn. Southwrark BrAnch. 3. Welhingln-street, Borough. Eastern ranch. 87, High-street-. WhitechapeL St. _a y ebu Branch, 4. Stratford-plaoe, Oxfordl-street. Tepebaranch, 217, Strand. The rateeof interest-allowed on depoeits of :50 &nd upw&sdstt the -Bank or any of its branches is now 5 peroent. J1. W. G1LBART. Generat Manager. U TNITY JOI.NLT STOCK MUTUAL BANKING IUASSOOIATION.-Comnmecoement- of Bnsiness.-The Royal Chirt.er of ibis Instituition havbig been receiTectl tho Rank will COIl. MEENCE BUSINErSS THIS DAY iThursday). theist of May. at the chief Odlees, Unity-balldings, 10, Cannon-street. city; and at the Lelcester-aqunare Brauch, L New Coventry-strie't. Leiceater-sqtuare. TEIISS of BUS'IS~. Crurrent Aecotant.-Intereat at the rate of 2 per cent, will be allowed Sing 30tht of June axd lIst of Decembr Spedl Avantges~Inaddition to the above-namned fixed rate of Inteet ther will e .d, after each half-,yearlyimeeting, as interest on the;ilnim`mn monthlryblaces a sam equal to the profltA paid tothe Depoit rconcs.Amonsfrom£5 nd uDwards will be taken apondepsit t cll, nd nterst llowd tereo aI per. cent, below therae f isout t te en f ngan,but themaximum not to Money wil be receIved on deposit- for t ixed periods, at rates to be agreedupon. - B 3y order. GE4ORGE CHAMBERS, Geneal. Manager. Chief odfices Unity-buildings, 10. Cainnon-street, city, may 1, 1856. U -NITED) STATES ansd CANLADA.-The UNION BANK of LONDO'N, as agents for Mfessrs Duncan, Sherman, and pwars, smila tothos in uch xtesiv e on the continent of Euroe ad esewhre,paybleat te flloingplaces in the United Town,Correspondresrinents. Albany .. ArhanyCity Bank Augusta, Ga.. Bank of Augrusta Buffalo .. 0. Lo and Co.'s Bank Ditto .. John It. Lee and Go. Beetn .. J.J E. Thayer.and Brothe; Baltimore . . M,'Kim and Co. Cleveland . -CormrercialBaulk Chicago . George Smith and Co. Ditto... .H. . I A. Tucker anud Co. Ditto .. J. H. Iturrh and Co. Cincinnati . ... . ..Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Co. Charleston . . Bankl of Charleston Detroit .. -liicigan Insurance Co.'s Bo.nk Falls of St. Anthony, Minesota.. J. George Limucin Galenia .. James Carter and Co. Hartford . . HartfordBank Louisville . . A. D. Hunt andI Co. Milwvaulie . . State Bank, Wisconsin AMoble .. S. John Powers andi Co. New hrian Ct..Branceh State Bank of Indiana .e ilasSouthern Baink New Haven . . New Haven Ban Newport.. Nashville, Ten... W.B. Shapard and Co. Oswego .. Luther, V~rirrht,aind Co. P'hilarlelplila . . PhilaelelphiaBn Providence . . Exchange Ban Pittsburgh . . N. Holmnes and Co, Portesnouth . . Piscataquna Exchange Baxk P'eoria, Ill.. J. P. Hotcolkss and Co. Rockdford, Ill .Robertson, Coleman, and Co. Rochester . . Rochester City Bank Syracuse.. Bank of Syracuse St. Louis... B.W. Clark, Brothersand Co. Ditto .. L. A. Benoist S-araitoga.. Bank of Saratoga Springs Springfield . . CA.B.Lsa Savannah . . Chiceone Bn Sackett's Iiaborbe .Saceret's flasher Bank San Franceisco .. Burgoyne and Co. Ditto .. Alsop and Co. Sacramento . . D. 0. Stills and Co. ToIedo .. Commiercial Bank Utica .. Ontario Branich Bank Ditto .. Bank of Utica Washington . Rig andl Co. Columbia, Californala . .D.0Milisand Co. CANADA. Bytewn...... .1 Srocl.ville .. . .. . Belleville.. Cobucg.. Hfamilton . . ancof Montreal, or Coammercia Montreal Pert HOp IQuebec. St. Katharine's . . . Toronto...... . Havannah . . . . ..Drake and Co. Ditto .. . ..Zangronis, Frdrcs and Co. St. John's, PorteoRico . ..Latimer and Femnandez Mayagezr. . . . Latimner, Fermandez, andCo Panama.. Garrison and Fretz Valparaiso . . Aisop and Co. IAmst.. Alsop and Co. St. Thomas . . Robert Swift Kingston Bermuda . . James W. Musson Barbadoes . . Samuel P. Mussin M.essrs. Dunican Sherman, and Co. will urchare or sell American Stock, railroad and eanal s-hares, &-o., in the l3rited States and Canada, and receive the dividends under powers of attorney on the same, the amount of which, less charge, wfi be papable to the parties at the 'Union. Bank, Of London. 2,Princes-street, Bankr, 1052. NATAL.-The UNION BANK of LONDON, as agents for the Natal Sank-, hereby give notice, that they are pre.ared to RECEIVE MONEYS. on account of that Back, for which they wil issue letters of credit free of charge. January 1, 185. V ANDIBiIEN' LAN , HoartTown, and Laun. S BYSELASPALTECOMANY(CLARIDGE's PATIf).-cie i hreb gven tat heDIVIDEND dedard a th Grert Metig f Sarertdrsof this Comrpany, on Thusdy.the24h ns.. s owin ouseo~PAYMENT, and may boe recivd b dpostig te hars t tr ffiesof the Company three dais previously.. ~J. FARRIELL, Sec. G ENEAL SREW TEAMSHIPPING COM.I PANY-Neicoin hreb gien, hattheSUM of Lit er share, bein a urthr rtur of apial,willhe AIDto the Sharehleders inthisComanyeasd afer ednsda net. tine 7th of Stay. The Boos o th Copan wil b Clsedon ondy. he th,ndTuesday, ByOdr .L. O'BEIIINE, Sec. NDEPNDET I VETMET and BUILDING L SOIETY No4: eroled. ix er cnt.upon deposits. £1,000 F OREIGN VINEYARD ASSOCIATION.- X'Commanding Capital of ;M,000t.-A Joint-Stock Wine Oiom. Paur, governed by seven Directoss, and formed for the purpose of sup. plying private families and establishments with foreign wines and spirits, in large or small quantities, at really wholesale prices, that in, from 25 to 50 per cent. under thos of wino merchants. Examples: The fmnest Champagne, at £6 8sa. the three-deaon care, instead of £30165; Cares, inst hatau BrneCantenac or Rtausan, and detailed).price inall.yThegiptrincpa Clubpina -l1ondn,n suppled. of £10 each; deposit. £2 10s. prshare John Lewis Risardo, Faq., lIMP., 31 Lowsades-square Peter Lo Nevo Foster. Faq.,' M.A., ~ocety of Ar-ta COUNCIL. CharIles Vignoles, Esq., F.R.S., Chairman, 21, Dukc-strcet, West. miuster P'hilip Delamotte. Esq., B.S.A., King's College. London Roger Fenton, Esq.. B.A., 2, Albert-terrace, Rcegent's-park Professor Goodeve, MA,F.R.A.S., Woolwich Frederickc Hardwich, Esq., 1, Clifton. Villas Upper HoLloway WIlliam Lae Przice, S. St. J ames's-terrace, Hlarrow-road Leuwis oroeok. Esq., F.S.A.. 20. Ulpper Gower-street Bankers+-The London and Westminster Bank. SOlcictor-D. CuLlington. Req 2, Craven-street, Cahasig-trees. Secretary-Preferrer Brewer, '5LA., F.R.G.S., Ki'ng's College. This Association has been formed for the advancement of practical and scientific photography. It Proposes to apply photography-1' to medical scientific, literary, artistic purposes, and to portraiture especially ; ~, to take fac-elmai's of deeds, papyri, autographs, inecriptions, early-printed book-s and man-aiscripts ; 3, to open rooms for instruction in photography ; 4, to collect patterns of apparatus and specimens of chymicals for photographic purposes, tested uader the superintendlence of farst-rate chymanste ; 5, to aid the topographist and illustrator:- 6. to Print uegatives for amateurs and shareholders; 7. to fonrma library connected wvith the art for purposes of consultation ; 5, to establlsh a geneal ental laceof eetngsfor oregn,prdintal, and mnotrogpoli- cen,wih oheradvntaes etaledinto posectus, maybe expected For rosectsesandshaes ppl atda4Trafalgar-square, London, the ffics (lre cm.) or o te Seetar orthe Solicitor. QHARES in DEFUNCT SCHETUES.-SCRIP in' IKJ Railway, Baulcing, or AssuraLnce Companies, which have not beenl Iable to commence operations, wil find a PURCHASER by sending particulars to DII. R., 26. Lombard-street, city. S HARES for SAlEv.-M-%r. F. W. STEVENS hsas KYorders to SELL SHARES in the following Companies, viz : -Age Insurance-Athenreum L.ife-Birkcbeck-Equitable Fire-EasternCoun. ties Railway-Great Central Gas-Irish Peat-London NecropolisLondon and County Bank-Mexican andI Southi American-North British A~ustrlalsian-Polytechnic-Pricoes Patent Candle--Panopticeon -Scottish Investment,-Saxon Life-Unity Fire-Unity Life-Waterloo Insrane, o. tocs ad sare boghtandsold for money or accout. rdes fom hecoutryfaihfulyand promptly executed. Thoprie f te und mrke eeryhaf-hur at3,ItoatExchange, NVE STMFE NTS inPUBLIC( -SE CURITIES..- _ Investments in and sales of British and foreign public se6uritles -jfrected- Speia attertion directed tothose stocks,railway, mine, and other shre wic afford the greatestroem for improvement in value. E erother decrsiPtiDn of fSnanria agency undertaken. Apply to JAMF S. R'LP and Co., investments and_;eneral finarkeial agency, Lombard-street-chambers. A3 Clement's-lane. Lombard-street, 1 NVESTMrEN'TS_'in B~RITISH, Colonial, . 'and Ai eim ECUJRITIES, may be had to pay the following rates of interest, en Last half year's dividend:-Urdted States State Stocks, S to 6 per cent. ; Railway Bands, 6 to S pec cenit.; Canada Government Stock, 51 per cent. ; City Bonds, S te 6 per cent ; Railway Bonds, S to 7 per cet. T ailwa Shares 6td10percent mad EatheIendi Ralesand pShares euareateed 41-3 Brtos and per eint British Gvriwymient- Stoc 3.2pery ceto.1r Joint-Stockd Bank, ato 10 per shaentalrs. O alwylda STocs.tOSE OFr cequnt,&risty of BRICes EAnd every d informtionon ap lciN To- WILLAM ANCE, TONS, oermoree, Wteriopacnum T or t, an-hambers, LOOOTIVEry Brokr coUntrs redee for all PurhSEs and sAles. godc -n,gs mts? n oeca,i TIATENT WRNUTET-IMROVEMELS nT SPIES BaOhN mae frT BOUGHT an SOlD. Advaness mlteadeanthgereon. Sales handpurchasesl efifected in Brtihand forpeign fundsio, randways,rallies adAppl tneor dessrsWiptiott andw CoLtt, ma-toc andshre desales 6nd , Oald Breswadstreet. 'Xne rOWARCKOAKERSY Mand faoturers-T be 1)e5. T. P tOSED OFy aeqrsution of BRICK ANDiz seled andtred. POSEDadoP.cAlshogodecoivng, gdas, es m att.sdeahoustcoal,in"9ny qunit.Apl t arsal Knowls,an Co. coke mwyanuacur ElQUIT!ABLE' FIE3i: . OFZCCa rOon-ztret. ITRE GENERAL-LIFE ASSUR&CE-Every description of life assurance effected. 23, Pall-mall London. W. BRI)GES e. .3] NGLISH and CAMBRIAN LIFE ASSURANCE SOC0IETY. 9, 2New Bridg-tret, Black , 1 br 4ea Annuitie,Loans Iaid mot Life At Sem A1XREDT. JAYM "fa ENGLISH and CAIBRIAN ASSURANCE SOCIETY.-Notice.-The HTAt'F-YERtLY DIVIDENDSon the Capital Stock of t!h Society will be PAYABLE on and after Wednesday, theS0th, at the Chietfofllce, 9, New Brid-street, B!ack- N ORTH of ENC-LAND FIRE and LIFE IN- SURANCE COMPANY. U, ChcaPdde.-Fire d lifeinsurancea transacted on farourable terx& Anualbonusesin life department. GEORGE BSEWART, Managerand Actuay. BACON LIFE and FIRE ASSURANCE COiX. , PANTY, 6. Waserloo-phse Londom Chairman-Mr. Alderman FAREBROTHlER. Deputy-Chiran--The. Hon. J. C. ERSKusNE Erym descnption of life and fire assurance transacted. SYDNEYR COOKER, .anager. : B O N S E3ON E ING, 15. L ONDON MUTUAL LIFE and GUARANTEE SOCIETY, 63, Moorgatestreet.-At the division of profits on tho 2d of July, a BONUS was DECLARED averaging 29, per cent. on premiums paid. ora reduction of 27 per cent, from the annual PDemiums untilnextbonus. GEORGE WILSOlT, Chairman. Estabhshed in 1833. THE INTERNATIO)NAL LIFE ASSUJRANE Premium SncOCIEI! aboveCt Capital half a million. Avenge amounlt of newF bualnesebout lCpoliciesperannum au WDg lV. S.. W OOLUOUSE, Actuary. EsNGLISHI WIDOWFS' FUND, 67, Fleet-street, ENGLISH ~~~London. President-HLR.H. the Duke of CAMBRIDGE, KG. Annuities granted on particularly faTourable tems, and every deacription of life asmr-nce transacted. JOH1N P. COX, fSecretary. I NDISPUTABLE LIFF POLICY COMIPANY 72,Lombard-street; 24,Connaught-terrace, Edgeware-road; anu 38, Denbigh-street, Belgmve-road Viscount TOERINGITON, Chairman. The purpose of life assurance is absolute security, to be obtained by nALX. ROBERTSON, Manager. ANCHESTER and LONDON LIFE ASSU- l RABNCE and LOAN ASSOCIATION. 77, Ring-street. Manchester.-NotSce in hereby given, that tho THIRD ANNUAL GENERAL 1lEETING of the Propnetors of this Associationwill be holden, according to the provisions of the Deed of Settlement. at their olfice, No. 77, KCing-street, Manchester, on Wednesday, the 7th day of May next, at 12 odlock precisely. By order of the Board, April12, I16 C. H. MINCIIN, Secretary. OE ASYLUM LIFE AISSUR9ANCE O:FFICE, stree, 72, Comohill, London: established 182y. Polices on health and diseased lives, at home and .abroad, fee civil, military, and naval employments. The ofiice being on purely propsrietary principfes, no parneraip among policy holders is involved. For EOP'S Bnop Resident Diredtr. CQOVEREIGN LIFE OFFICE. 49, St. Jnmes's- street, London.-During the last 10 ears tho claims byodenth have been less than one-sixth of the premniumus receivedi, a fact wvhich isprobablyvithut precedent in tbe experience of any otherIoniee. The Directors have, after makins allowvances for all expenses, accumulated a large surplus, independent of its paid-up and invested capital The bussiness of the office combines every branch of life assurance. H D. DAVEsMnPORT. Secretr. Established 1846. D EFENDERC FIRE and LIaEn INSURALCIE COPANSOY, 34, NLeVw Bridge-ret, uaefrist, London,man ff, Boulevard des Itahiens, Pads. The Clam character of this Company 55 nowr abolished. All Inuerm are admitted to eqlual privileges. EveS r description of risk is insured upon equitable term.t Xo extra charge is made on poliies tranferred to this office. Life insurances effected at moderate rates JOEN- REL; Ay, MoanagingDireetof. SPLECIRALnS NOTICE. CLERICAL,, MEDICAL, and ENbliseRAL LIF ASSURANCE SOCIETY, 99 A Grt Rusell-reet, BloosAburY, L,ondon. Sixth Division of Profita.-AIl Persona vvho assure on the participating ecale before June 30. will be enltiUed to a share of the sdxth bonns, which Kll be declared in January, 1857. Proposals should ha forsrbrded to the of fice before the let June next. The Thirty-first Aunual Beport can now be obtained (freea of the SocietWa agents, or of GEORGE H, PINCHARD, Resident Secretr. Established 1838. UICTaOdLA LIFE A SSSURACE COMPA, E M Y 28, ing W illiam-street, ci Lonsl ty. iffe asuranes of every description effected. alf the annual premium m-y bes paid during the frst Dye eaz. One-third lay remain on credit during the whole of life. Fordomroent assurances, payable iot 50,a55, t0, bc.a loans to assurers on personal or other ecurity. SO per cent, of profits go to asstrers on the honna scale. nthe last bonus averaged 53 per cent. on the premiums paid oIhtuAr areATB AY, Act a. vQIYand LAW LIFE ASSU7RANCE SO- EQITIETY, 263, Lincoln.'s-inn-fields. Londlon. E xamples of the Ponusupon Policies declared to the 31st Dec., 1854:Date of Policy ltsthfarch,1845 o 24th April, 1845 7h sov., 1845. Age at entry 30 I 42 I 51 Auncai prennius n £25 70 6 £35168 S £49 8 4 Sum assured I£1G00 0 0 £1,000 00 O £l.009 0 0 Benus added I£15710 0 I£154 0 0 I£211 10 0 Forms of proposal, proepectuss and every information, may be had pon wfritten or personal application to the off ice. CSIJN IFIE ASSURANCE SOCIETY, London.- p. Polices effected with this Society now will participate in fourfiftes, or SOpor cent., of the etnprofits of the Socety. according to the condtionsCcontainedin the Socety's propLEctsA. The premiums required by this Sciet.y for insuring young lives are lowrer than in many other old-establimhed ofpices, and insurers are fully protected from al risk by an adple guarantee fund in additon to the accumulated funds derivedfrom the invesiments of premiums. Policy stamps paid by the ofmice. Prospefties may be obtained at the otfice 2n fhreadneedle-street, London. or of any of the agents of the Society. CHARLES HENRY ADDERiDALe, Aictuar. ATRGUS L AIFE; ASSRANCE COMPA, O391- =^ ~~~~Tbrogmnorton.rireet, Bank. Accumulated fund, £415,000; income, £80,800 per annmu. Low; rates of premium, w,ith or vwithout profits. Advances on poicies, when their value exceedis £50. Half or one-third credit allowed en whole-life polcers Residence in timne of peace in any part of Europe. Claims paid one month afteriproof of death has been 3dmittedl. No charge for policy stampm. Aedicalattenuantsremuneated for their reporta. The medical officers attend every day at a quarter before 2 o'clesk, THOA A IE. ,ATS,nRegsident Dwector. TTNITY GENEWTRAL ASSURACE ASSOCIA 4J TION. Chief offIces, Uity-buildings, Canuon-street, dcty.-Te Directors of this ssocationore aesirous of receivingAPlICA4TIONE fprLO LNS, varying from £108 to £0,000, on eligible personal or othor securities,incoexionL ifE,Esu eDe p et onaideraton whih Gide theDirectors am:- L The respectability of the Espphcatton. IL The undoubted Cesponsiblityof each proposed surety. These considerations being provided for, advances whil be made iea I. Atny peened from threepmonths to five years f. Mfoderate amount of insurance. III. Five Percent. peranut Ainterest. Applications for prospectesforms of proposal, andl other Infoy atlon are requested to bemadeTto THOMAS H. BAYLYIS, Managing Director. &M ILY ENDOWMAENT LIFE ASSURANCE fiand ANNUlITY SOCIT, 12, Chatham-place, BlacDfISr, London: established 1835. Capital £500 000. DIRECTORS. W rLA BUETEWORTH BARLYI; Xeq., Chairman, JOHN FULLE!R, 1 so., Deputy-Olusuman. dialer LewisBurroughs Charles Hen-vI,atouchv-, eq. Robert lruce Chichester, Fq.' Edwiard Lee Eq D. M. Gordon, Esqi. I Colonel J. W. J. Oceeley Lilent.-Col. H. B. Henderson IJoshna Walker, Esq. An annual bonus is allowed to parties who hovemade five annal payment's on policies taken out on the profit scale. That forthe current gear is 20 per cent. in reduction of the premitum. Eudovmnenta and annuities granted an usual India Branch. The extensive assrance business of the Agaand Uninted Seroice Bank has been transLferred to this office, and the Soeiety 1a branch establishments or agencies at Calcutta. MIadra, Bombay, and Agra. JOHN CAZENOVE, Secretary. SPEOli NrOTICE.-Bonus of 1856. HE SCOTTISH . NATIONAL INSURANCE COMPN'Y (established 1841), 69, Lombard-street, london. LONlDDON BOARD of DIRECTORS. Charles Cowan, Esq., MY. George Hay Donaldon. Esq. (Mers. Donaldson,Lambert,and . Thomas Smith, Es_I. (Messrs. Barron and Smith) Lanibe and on Joseph WYoodhend. Kei. Mecsses. Woodheadand Youna Proposals for life assurance made before the 16th of My next all I entitle pasties to share in the sixth division of profits to be declared in October following, altboughonky onleyr'spremium may hare been re- ceived. Examples under new Table of Rates recently issued. Ages Annual Premiurx for First Year for Sn asurance of £500. 25 £12 6 30 10 13 35 1110 0 April, 1856. WIt P. CLIRPEEUGII. See. PEtICAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY ( established in1717). 70,Lombarid-street,city, and 57, Charing-crose, Westminster. DIRE:CTORS. Robert Guniey Barclay, Esq. Kirkman D. Hlodgson, Eeq. William Cotton, Fees., F.R.S. Thomas Hodgson. Esq. John Davis, Esq. lIHenry Lancelot Holland, Req. William Walter Fuler. FEsq. lMatthew Whiting, ESq. James A. Gordon, M.D., F3.S. M. WyiiD, jun. Req., MP. Henry Grace, Esq. . The Company offers:Complete security. M eoderate rates of premium with rarticipation in profits. Low rates without profits. Bonus.-Four-fifths, or SO per cent. ofthe profits, are divided amongst the policyholders. Loans in connexion with life assurance, on approved secuity. Annualn- emiuE required for the A.surance of£150for the Wbole Term of Life I Without With Without With Age.| Profits. Profits, Age. Profits. Profits. £A B.. s.d. I £a. d. £s. d. 15 1 11 0 1 150 40 2 18 10 3 6 5 20 11310 119 3 50 4. 9 410 7 30 2 .4 0 2104 60 6 1 0 6 7 4 For prospectuses and forms of proposal apply at the officesas above, or to any of the Company's agents. IOBEERT TUCKER, Sec. rPHE UNITED KINGDOM TEMPERANCE and J. GENERAL PROVIDENT INSTITUTION, 1, Adelaide-place. London-bridge, London, D CTORS ROBERT WARNER, Eq.. Jewin-street, London, Chairman. Rt. D. Alexander. REq., Ipswich Henry Fowler. Esq., Scarborongh Wn. Amnitag&t. Esq., Manchester C. E, Lovell, Rag., BED., London W. R. Baker. Fq, London J. T. Pritchett, Esq., London R. Barrett, Esq oBdon B. D. Thomson, Fsq., MLD., Samuel Bowly, sq.., Gloceter F.R.S., London - - - T. Cash Esq.. London John Taylor. Es., London E. Charleton, Esq., Bristol Edward Vivian. E.q.. Torquay }. F. Cotterell. R-eq. Bath John Wason, Esq, Shepton MalJohn Eliot, REq., Iask;eard lett. Medical Dircctor-J. T Mitehell, Esq., F.B C.S. Solicitor-C. Gatliff, Esq., 19. Colenman-street. Consulting Actuary-Peter Hardy, RaQ.. F.RS., &o. Donua-The divisible surplus on the 31st of Deceumber, 185, Slows the Society to declare safely on the policies of its members a bonus ranging from 23 to 75 per cent., according to age. on the amount of - premiumspaia on assurances payable at death. 1,865 policies were issued in the year 1855, exclusive of the wlorling lan's section. The annual income from premiims alone is £45,00D. The accumulated capital iG £150.000. i W. P. BAKER, Resident Diredor. 7VNGLISH and SCOTTISH LAW LIFE ASSU- JU,4 RANCE ASSOCIATION. London-12 Waterloo-place. Edinbourgh-12O. Princesslreet. e ee'- bilshc 1830. Subscnbedcapital, OneAMillion. TRUSTEES. The Hon. Lord Wood, one of the The Right Hon. James A. Stuart Judges Of the Court of Sesion - Wortsy.A LP?., Recorder of the in Scotland Cityot London The Hon. Lord Benhohme, one of I r. berieant Merewether, Town the. Judges of the Court of Clerk of theCity of London Session in Scotland Anthony Murr, of Dolerie, WilliamDagimore, Esq. Wd. .S. Edsard Rent Karslake. E iq. DIRECTORS in LOIIDON.. Wiliam John Alexander, Req., John Wiliam PSherEso. QQ0. -Frederick James Fuler, a q. Sir Robert W. C. Droworigf, Bart. James I'}Mahon, Esq. Frederick William Caldwell, Fq. Georgel17S9aders, E. Henry Charles Chiiton, Esq. Wllliam H. Shipprd, eq.q Thomas Q. Finmis, REq., Alder- Charles S. Whitmore e*q, Q.,- man Henry Wordsworth, 'Eqs.; The bualnew of this offiae embraces everdescnipttoq of riskccounth gentuPon life, whether civil, naval, or mitary, atbomeorabroad - Immediate . deferrel. and contingent annuitie , I Edowinent assur es, sering paymentto the a ed hiumelf on bit reianh a cesaain age, as 50 or 6, or to his represen taties upon hu: deat, should it happen sooner. A liberal sytem of lan Im C%e rion withlife assurance. onpersonal o1 g9t8 0gfitlJ J1, :luL WUZLAXS, Atuar. OrNSOLIMAED AS IFANE ASOURAXIES,CO2 (& - LuE. 5,ghapside, London:.sal~e 86 la. sscriptio o ife ssuroancAnbusinessx Madowtedt Policiea par ythf Oomps iaeo einuW eoeth3t fSp eo ATxioGwit lieaNranNoRitoc.r k- P.fWmdws-TeTMSSUASSUAN COMPANIES2,1 a~ TH LE u.L=udgat-bipl. Lofndon.lsiwda ti imfte dourne. bythe Amotns ,ooeAnuity o andb Eandowen eoliiedsb Formsb tea opomposajes b pe office. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ BerUreso this Company's policieth, Forms of proposals sent bytpoet G O.PANY 3. Ld Bmues, ormsof apremicatio foth saere andeall fsitod nay be bad at heoffi non- eriet wstc, cithy. i ivs XTEE SOCIETY G. 19 . ir W,in-anae, .m aia netdon wEstaGsodeaet do1.£277,004 y Se 132 o Animount, t paitorAiastnt sinceFo 1roi34 . 17cri 4.258te1ideit Ofls veryu modertateirats of rem weremm withs athereqliber,al mthe~. p- mantage fa'thipulateoci;eaton, oroilynsieial mhodebie to naveV a prvsont heaisr wdows, pchiden,treltives,o friends,ualparmenatm elrlyadaptedmo elnt whseL deaftete2tterfooperoewit.therusredu. *stabihedoi-gpeim5 e et 1829 HLIPUZTIS. Sec. T Uthe ANTEE SoCITY 1OUS BPROPn-aERT Cnorn GUAllLNdon. SCEsTYablishedlshe. Emowred by it SpeiaAc of C0,0iment forthe Coictiorta, 14e,-Fo arovdigecutfo the GeerlM daelinty fofu Personsein itandtions eco of tr Tiheesrtieae reqinhred,on teer pad. atnesnto1 tipolated rat perivcent. No carg s. md endtepe mium, wHoaicoi reduce zpercen, one tBencih-malnua paymlent afurherainbratement madooe aterethe W e btalnedeeat. thmae duciga Ao FtXe OALLSOfWAOUE PRO6perTWYA ion .4Ln-easeLof nDuyb anddOWntR of " ecitiTH,Er-the Rum o ;LC6,000. o th ae Cleto of Ret entsecard theL GennraL paagment oif and1the Collection orf Tithe cuaebre. offs adet CIJ.ohn Holioflod inersts., reesininor's as India-wpensiTempl EvesyiFormnsio and parUuatospcu a be obtain d at the head omoa ofCes, 3- Carlotte-row, rM Lndie-on.s LonI-don. anautt March, IM CEUMJOHN PIRCE.&Scretary. it,0 ncse fof e 2atolaO ma y be scrdb nana prangent fofr Lonef w.or~i Ithreee.- WLLW ASTE NAGE LIF ASS RNC A wEe kly- allowantu6 clofck u nur,o 10i cs fda No hare or tam dTy. U OR,Rsdn Sceay ormILL ofprpSal prspcnss CO.,maNe baN ofthe aIEnt,o th cleURksAt CLalterniand laythreamtlon, lnd a the heum fomfice theworney, or bysouthedya as thertetofore. outpenu. RailwayassngIErS' AsandENERmAL LIEmpSSUReANC SpCialA ofPArliam, ent ofices,3 l ra-street, London JOLLIA 3, IA Secretary. L OA GRATREDQUIthliED.-LOANSe)oy ther WELLINTON ANUITY ad L0FEANYURA56E Stra. &c, Fors and articuars tobesobtinedma the hadpofice-3 CIhEmPOLIcCY fockrias SLondon. Ever lind ofa leandy annuit bL7nes toransct. Halfecred inM policies. Maritie. Auassurances. TONSs.,d Paroie £20ngt prhse. £1,000_ate the karaged, form tNCe ad COMAdY Mr64.,, Oxford-street, Blroabesrn. enZMgiv, byleter,OddrsBOREReintSceay BDILLSOCAHE and CONEXTPESNwThALIFE AwSDRANOE. two PUCAnd.threenmotthsbleinsmsefrom0£00n epwrl' parei idiscountedatbte, Adraes ofe£5 per cent, per annumPMount2, Hewvtre BExde-teree. Bkras be SOLD, y Priate Jontrct thes SEcT REtay irs and oteLE.frs by themofyas LO itONtLOAn COMheY c 56t Sitrand. Saturday evenoaings tislls8 o'clock Proepecs aond formach, sonplica-or t2on toee O B EReTtSTEERS, Manger.sey QT.IEPOIY o SA' ILE,Ton the DIfeSof OF,ad ahed 77. forG£6nd effctEd n 4, naYgood oteicte.ndeu.olEpremnum 0 sa.ting. Partisuwishaniaang toeplrmade. tostatessthe lagsteamountie thyachiiiv,ny ettr afdres cartin .-1,o Edwin-stre, chvlr avesnd CO Ae ED, tohichmaSbE. puricehotoas ed 2artc,and0,eand earlypusaasio indi'spensable. dres Rev. . Smithr,r ,Saltar T~m ofb SOLD byier Privt Conton t the CoEXT ls PumE- SENTAToj~ siOerN whisapoct ofy ver senarl p Cssrn o icar-z aenrinaersvourite'los-lit, irngse ofd thermidlndey contes, aend wethi sqarmae. ofe abgoodmret town,r well supplied wi th ralway acommodsqa-e tin.ThEA Incmftevrg snal £500ES-To penr actm. th popul_atind oftheprish abou be0 ThPOED rOads ionthernibourhodeare exntrceinl grood, andE thmpe, parsonagen houe isflyadesuowetoth ResAdLen ofEA tENGINcumbent. Foryurterprtdiculaout apny todnessos Butoiess ewn and Son s lctr, Daentry.SuryIonok,9%rak JEREsuperoIr 6 oNse GRONITENS ARINGS ESM To beLET, fort aoiterm ompyears, ofituae onathe root,mwithevier Racility fr loain vSseLs.b ApplyON ato tre EongCutnehow, salito, 2o.Quen-s,treet St. Helter's,t Jese. ocok a-r,Zems ai,o STAIPSAWHI Cas.to bed WrISPOSED OF&a,th coasietig, an squbtnialadwllmdVig-rsure stea atan VV.dm-engie tables,l vertcalands circulars dsawes, shaftng whieels, drm,and band copledwthe,vany deartiofwhic mayb pumpfrchase sepratolyad ena ".cARs.EdYin andT Hallsngiees FOR, Plsekrirs-r vass frombl e to ho 0 horse powulyuer.iome fof hthem ace beaum egns,u sa%smofth,bier'.dstiarersupontheactornsh " prinip lsoe puempsn squar. Thabovboileewil be roved omita100lb. towhesqbares S ITEAM ENGINES.-T Contactor su hppers,it trac p ice ThEE impe, trog, nd ellmaee ~andu pateneeA- fixig. Pckedforshipent,andreafor sandit deliv!eF:fry eppl to Mssrs Mewin nd Hll,engieer. Sureymronorks 52 uke. raiwa tille SPIRITbyADCN,atWhe argie-house, Daloess on a tones the mthnofemay,nt 1fyu so'loc, Makers Mevkssrs hrudao PALULAOPS.-SHiPlablt ances.d Wrought, BWrge, eaas proasprden, o17and -Llquid'anure yPUMPS.lEast an Wlest Indiaa-an ~~~~~ecition otuhnliietosfopum foery hotsbl or cold raising.re-B dIg,adcmoundWingthefsria hofiirsW,I fw,pb P AbrtoteInslaIdRe ande mFORC-=e PUMPS,war-o. v-s imprvemet, eingall eta, wihoutvcle o pacing Scewingt A RndEmtShAffWelLS,rborting forbesw Water,usMi6krg brues,eropsan manufacturers ofievery decipthn ion, matya bexotremeth sany quantoit byel inAVIa daEElEt civil enginee andS patenteent boIringTooLs0 Luming-Stet Pentgonvld. PUmps rand mbhiery for raisin watr firngom dlaeepn well,boigtolas, aindos wellepipe forax porat.n Theneltr and tolssupiedato bores fnvortiroas, minoferels to.9 asie tein ethemaaement ofmyourntocl an wheint Lin appearlSPIRIT CrALCULTO'R i aaiablett? PrienI.S.freb ot. Whataufcurr mOEans proof, spiit. xor17ad-s22et.P.1Hr ilfnacerepaa tro3nofisuc, and. plai diraein fort eveory posil cael fof praisning,e during, ofhea and copunigth tenigt rof undiritsheWa t.i forus,ipub S hc hecpe EWN CIes smooh SirpInkdiersctilors,ad Botsers,ypstCogo and othrsEngge2i varousadesription ofSeing oriEVOLVING F TROA Nd o' e S PIT TEST SEWAIK' M ACHENES, No wind-workoalkbeo botanthhsies,ca belobtrained Ponpelyuts4 St. f'li-s enimd London,h bars MarketstrlEaeet, fancesfoter. 3,Sithy-rows. otingam and gls6.etps Brehanon-sp 'cat,lsonw. anr d SCit, Shterfit beld forbeain cu-stebes, dwellinga-houss,-arel. ('IRSTALLETTOKTPOERSCiTol, OvR, ruby,ble,ed TcTHheselpcettesfarduerxceed~as any othetsyeteoffereded themor6rty rMaeY bLbaRoy al lettelrsPatnt, Solesmanufctrer4, RuloBRT-a Oxford-street,road C ROGONs PAENT SPHLFUROOITUGE FE.-nodro R eltfrdMpOVall.-FUi RoNIhoUse,E0d moved, and Warehoased on moderate term_., at STUTELy's Nor;th London store warehouses, Gray's-inn-read, RCing's-cross. Established 1639. Estimates5for packing and rmovalifrceeofcharge. saiomamZybeREPAIRED in theTvery best mianner, and on the most moderate terms, by CATLAGHIA N, practical optician, 2ha. New Bond-street, comner of Conduit-street. Solo agent for the celebrated saladpo'werful Opera and race glassesi, inkvenxted and mnade by Vogisuer, Vienna. JL0 tical Instruments, &c.-=EZOR and BE-NDON, successors to Harris and Son, opticians,50, HjghHEoibom,comer of Brownlow-etreet, Lo0idOn, beg to cal the attention of persons suffering f-rom impie siht ad eqirastheaid Of '5asse tothearPA-Till SPECTAuj~ which wil assist the 3most age wak, or defective vison-, being gro.. on n etirly ew rinipe, heydo ot equrethe frequent changing to trogerpowr , wichis o ijurou totheeye, a tose in general Aver ~vweroWJor he wistoatpocet,measuring an a alf bywhchanhjectay b seenfromthree to fiTe ~PEOTACLS Telescopes, &c.-Secured by Her Majestyv's RoYal l,etters ratent.-The Rtola ExiMbition, 'l-9 Aerestet, Piccadilly observe, opposite the Yor'kHoeNeWly-inVented, very eMailp,cpwrtul waiscot pocket GLASS, the sire Of a walnut, by 'which a person can ho seen and known one =ale and a half distant. They answer every purpose on a race-course, at the opera-house ; country scenery arid shi~ps arm clearlY seen at eikht to ten mniles ;, they are invaluable for shooting deer-stalking, ysehting, tO s~Ortsniegeatlemen, gamnekeepers, Anda tounists. By Her, MaPOwvm8 O1 Leters Patent, for valuable improvements in the moat POefland brilliant telescopes, field, camp, race-ODUrSe, olira, arid Persri-active glasses to know the distances, possesing such extraorda' naa.Powrers that some, from 31 to eight indies with an. extra ye-p$nsce, wil show distinctly the-Geo an with 1Ins ssx satellite,00 up5te moons, Satuy r n's ring, and the gouble str -wit the same teleseoe can be seen 8;Peuvouas CbUbteaSnOt from 30 mOB~Iiles disto ad anobject froma l;,to; 2 siWlesg._-eases. SOLOMONS, 'piia$ IhaTe invented sPoectacle,lenses, cttbe greatest transparen wer.. ,Theraluableadvantagdecriv6dfjthmitbs inventien is that'isedo vTision becoming strained, heateil, weakened, and in nameroqieas I'enentdyiniud,4itisprewedL,aad.rengthened- andv.ery-agelper. ,sonsare enabledt ebc-iLi'ika the mostmininue.oocapefion; ;CAWee with thoselenses.of a mnuch lesemaginyig power, and-they do tuon:aequlfe the frtpe-udit changes to the Ilnros ffctIo further ipowerful assistance. Invisible acoustic 'instrunViCulfg ISIO& oSXsv $rSMVZnt,, l-tst 'OWl, TAME-S XSEGIt Decea8eLI-AUl persons 1TATiMrwIMES or LEAEND, ax CRED 70I insth (STAh o ide th 34o eSember- last.ae reqDuepstedg Uyotr n."f pa-d desirous them resHiectioelt. Chacer mae i acaue" obs Boenagainst Morgan Jones andothrs, de prsoa caiingto e NXTof KIN of NVILLTAM JONS, ateof renn, n te cunt ofBreen,land u-rveyor, who diedin r kout he ont ofSeptmbe, 142.are, by their solicitors on r bfor th 23 dy o Ma net, o cmein andprnvetheir claims, Lincoln's-tam, Middlesx or, in default,teef hywilb eep lorily excludedI from th eefit of thesaddce.Fiy,te0h day f June, 1I56 at 12 o'clockI at noon at thesadcmbr,iop pited for hearing and adjudicatingupon the cam,-i1 dths2t nylaof ApriL, 1856. RICETARD BOA7,Ciflek BRIDGES, MASO0N, and BRIDGES,ofed:n-r,fe Benjamin Jones, is! Llanaelly,PantisSlctr P URSUANT to a Decree of the High Cou-rtof JLChancer, imade Io a cause" John Blowen jins ognoe amdothers.,"-he CREDITORS of WFIT..A JON'.ES, late of Bkecoon, in the county of Sreoon. land surveyor, (who dited in or about the mon01th of September, 1849,) are, by their solicitors on cc before the 224 day of May next to oome in anid prove their debts; or claims at the chiumbers of the Vice-Chancellor Wood, at- I-o. ll. New-squre Lincoln's-inn Middlesex; or, in default thereof, they will be per-m1torlly excluded from the benefit of the said Decree Friay te 20h day of june, 1856, atl12 o'clock at noon, at the said cliambers, isap Pointed for hearimg andl adjudicating upon the cls.imso-Dated ti 28thdayof pri, 1 I6. RICHLARD BLOXAI.. Chief Clerk, 3BRIGES, MASON I, and BRIDGES, of Red Lion-square, for Benjamin Jones,of Llianelly, Plairit!i;' Solicitor. - PURSUANTto a. Decree 'of the High Court of JLCa m adn e in a cause "John -liwis st Swan. W1ittak-er," the CJWEDITORS 'and ECMW&tRAN R8ona tire real estae of JOHN FRANCIS, late of Doncaster, in the county of York gentleman,formerly commonlsrewsr- (who died in or about the montila of Auguist, 186, are, by their solictors, on or before the 28th day of May-iSi, to come in and prove their debtes ait thxe chamber of the Vioe-Chansellor Sir John Stuart, No. El, Old-square, Linooln'sinn 31iddlogex; or. in default thereof, they will be peremptorily ex. cluided from theibenefitof the saiddecree, Thursday, the 5th day of 'June, 1856, at 12 o'clock atnoow, at the said chambers, is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claims.-Dated. this 14th dayk,of April, 1856. ALFRED, HTALL Chief Cler_ W. H. LA.M!1h9N, S, John-street, AdrelphL, London, Agent for Measrs. Collinson, I)onretr. Yorkshfire. pURSUANTto a Decree of the High Court of Chnerm3adeinthxematterof the Estate of JOHN RICEL.RD lICH n a camee "PTroctor and others against Willamsi and another,' the NETof KIN, according to the statutes, of distribution, living at the time of the death, and-the legal r'emsonal Representatives of any such next of kin as are since dead, of John Richard Birch,. late of Woodforcl, in the county of Essex, Esq.. a lunatilc by inquIstion (who died inor about the monthr of August, 1855), are, by theirsolicitors on or before the 21st day of May, 1856, to come in ane prov-e thleir clcims, at the chambers of the Masterof the Rolls, in theRolls-yard, Chancery. lanie, Middle,ex, or, iu default thereof. they wil be meremptorily es-- eludedl from the benefit of the said decree. Monday. the 26th dRy Of MAY. 1855 at 12 o'clock at noon, a t the said chamnbers is appointed for hearing and adjudicating upon the claimns.-Dated this 16th day of April, 185.6. GEO. WHITINGl. Chief Clerk,~ LOVEL and CO., Gray's-nn, Plaintiff's Agents. D)URSUANT to a Decree of the Hig7h Court of X Chancer, made in a cause "1Charles FhlkineAtfIorton and another, plaintiffs, against William Brwrg litadanother, defendants, the CREDITORS of TOA HRE OTN late of No. 31, Ilelgrave-square, in tecounty of Mdiddlre,1qie (who died in or aboutithe mnonth of Auigust, 1558.) are,b ter el citors on or before the 13th day of November, 1856, to come inand ioetheir debte at the chambers of the Vice-Chancellor Sir Wiliam Wood No.11,New-quae. Lncon's-nn,Middlesex;- or. in defaittercf, hey illbe ereptorly xcldedfrom the benefit of o'acaloc at neon, Pnugo atghadc ambr.inst Annppointed o thearn andadTOudicatnd up ronsth claiminglte thi be t dnmbaycesof Mrh, 18e6. es'Ae, f RBE TFENN1N HETN,,frniY LE fN Chiefr Clerk Ett. C.d and Ha. n h pRS risbLo, 5.oNew ian thecounty London,. berlan, fazer, th intc,tPte in testiff' Slcitose ae.(wodei tor ab -o rsnah mnth tofa D6eree ofQax. theiHg o rt soflhacetry, oan o ineacaue Monay thilipda Pennngino ainsxt nn coeningtclpon,a theCitE dIttOs, n l esn claiming oob encumbrancera h hmers uon the r-1e-Cal ceorStuate, and OldHuallrnte. paiaoh o ilom, in the ounty Of Coin-sem or sho ault themon theof October pe5jre,ptbytheircslicitofr,onthr beefit of the sad decree. Thursday. the 4th day of June, 115-6, at 12 o'clock at neon, At the said chambers is aPpOInted for bearing and adjudicating upon the sad debts, claims, or encumbirances-Dated this 28th day of April, 188. - ROB. 'WM, PRATER, Chief Clerk, BAILEY. SHAW, SMITH, and BAIL-EY. 5, Berners- - street, London, Solicitors, Agents for Nilliam BuItler, Dalton, Plaintiffs Solicitor. N OTICE is hereby given, that WVILLIAM WOOD, -k%of BlIackburn, in th county of LanCaster, bookseller and stationer, didby indenture,bearing date;the 234 day ofApril, 81. BARGAn, sel, assig,transfer, and set over all is STOU,K-in-TB,ADA, goos, ares me,hndente.,whc hosehod funieture, fixars, lt,ln china, bosa of accoun,debsu and RlazlRumser o oney n i eui toe fr moneyh voucersneo, and othrdcmnsndwtn,adal othe hi perona stte nd efecs, uto ose hHig5ham of y Wood cock-il, wiSthi Heleasngon in the si county o acse.e, oentleman, and R Jchard Loim te. of lckurn af1oresid irnmonger their e xit,mleutors, madmnstrator, and aSt. gn,as tfo-estesidrth brener,t of themselnves and snhe sthera ofther credtrsof the siainsad Williame 'thoeu to shoul executebthe sad i ndentue,o thheid indentrel wats duly execthoAed byr thet saidpilli. Woo nd RecicharedRimmor. on the said 214n daye ofhA ithir epeeceoad attal ianu ese by.K i ThoasR Raclfersof Bltackburn affoetsad atof nya-a,db the aridO RSEw AoSeIGph Hish o onthe saih day Loftoe said monhof Bapril.wi thei rexen,treso, andm itattestedhy h aszrid Thoma Racliffe andt theri sairszd, fndenturenw thnecreitors ofthemidWills,-hi!am WTob nd wose wn.il bexcud 'TrthCer i eeygiven, that bh adidetrwsuy arn~exntued bear.= LOb togeadaethes2thdJames gofnpi.15.andT madEbetrw,e oiihed Roste, of St.helen'f, in the counenc of, Landatherauiner of atherstedb part,d Jamerd.gon of MucD,! he Wooutn ntheO micder colicty,oilr, andL THomas Barrow, Os St.ee' aforesaid, brewer, ofd thEe ishecond ando thisvera. othe ra parsonsthoe nay e ispce and sasrextecuted bet thezro eig lycrditors of the sai.dJohn Rose, atteOfieofi siBmn thesai Jaes on~ ad Toma Barow thir xthirs. admi-W nitaor,ad aEUigns, CpOn E cerai trests hrein, iStran'd, A feir the W rherired PATh LMAat the ad ineutrewsduse bexctwedn by5h mid yasOf the ot theareUDi pe iu.wthessncofad the sM auteios. wattsted b Edmnd Ward,igih wofrehoset. Appheatcounty oft tncstern onilscto ren Henr Fog, o Prsco afoesad, hs cerk nda sotf isy netherb the Tcedito s o thersaid gioh nRs, "at the TlO LLoSth ratidEmun WaSfford, WMltbe inT Fably-sUTreeN, inoresn a tr fotreead atg anyrtme thesi2uathothitao June,art teLt; anddaer ach GEORGEFENor a thosae faleoreg ue the sameh, " or deulyainfyi rting their assent,hic toll take the benft of the pnulretofiin theeo boeforhesc last-men ocletionedday, tilie retsthch nuchfo eei tols V arise antogiversecurityd this2th day- J~bOSian CHTAGLE COE,A6Ese-sret SOTrand agntsdo -Lt~ AVERN lEdmund-ll Ward,Pre iset dlaicahtirle. tbih 3Vet atllcndtinues urialein atcthisoworhouse,betxeenao5dandr4 3yearsatofhages. Salaryn£2t ernu,wihdesThe usuhepjalratons washing XnldgniThewR- kThouTo Appliatinsdwith t esioaLStOb sE tte X me T, freeho expen se,o orturete 6nthe daytofrpMay next.he Welic tands mepeteduoutoCattendga-terorkhoue.heatre2&r, rciselyonat day9bt,no rEemunrotion for ouch Attendancewll. Aneg htpnorexense paAA rTheperson g apointe nd iibereued too ensuter a on the dutieso tthe dfnce fs e a orthwith.RICHA5 prD Pot GHe Clerk.M Wantlerdenid -heApril, 185 ora6.sdscnmza NOTICE to hRebLWY givn,l ShtteTEA -OLL TAri ofrSffok,g wil bent LE. by AUCTION10. for term fthee dinears, from the 2th Oof k juine, iS nd vtegbestabider, by d -ihsu GEORGE iPEN , 2ath Taueensuarms,Soetitownd. on Tubesday,the 2thdaylf- May, 1at6. beAwemighe hourte of Iatnda, ncte ne ietdbya c fPr liametHEaSTEdRi ithethr Cea fthedreign ofll Slate Watest George HOE4fain the Forh FrRglatingb t ine-raddit wich tollts aree same. Therlssciall bes reqousired toomay foradvance onefort partis of thoe rent atPichksuch tolpaye bed ntogv ecrt,wisf cetsreIDEs, toffr ther beatsatino the Tirtero o the saidc od for telb Pthepa'entofhebgaremaidybem ofsuchrenwtb byd moutl instalmbents andor he erormnceof hecovnans onte lftse. A schedue-o thetols o b coletedmaye eenat-heoffceof the Clerpninec. m 13AE-IS.--GRAND HOTEL de FRANCE et d'AN- G TE E, sue des Files 81. Thomas et Richelieu,72Siut near the Exchange, tho Palais Royal, and Boulevards. First-rate table -d`a6to at 4L per head, including'a bottle of Bordeaux,r Restaurant, luockeons, suppers Suite of apartmients, at CEL. Sf, anid 20f, Board, at If. and 10f. a day. -No extras. Brunch establishmrents, rue Ore-la Paix and Champs Elys6es. N. B3. This hotel is known as one of the mnost convenient, thea largest, and mnost quiiet in Paris, hA ILLER's HOT'EL opposite Stamford-street, foot Of BlackEars-bridge (1uriy' side). -A very central and healthy sitution Modrat chages,viz :-Bds, s, d. and 2s.-: dinners, f5rom Is. d.;sitingoom Se. Ac Anwprvatentrance, IT Which parties can eter he hoel etirey sepratefromthe tavern, A o- SOUTHA.MPTON HOTEL, Surbiton, Surrey, k_- adjoining the Kingston Station. for Families and Gentlemen,CHARL,ES AILEY respectfully begs to inform the nobility and pubic ha th abvebetl i rplee -it evrycomfort,. prices mode- ch sn sapgedoforatgendane. whhoe isch thelis is distince foro -the bthaes whi its er oxid albity tof it excedingybattactiveoahoe of hoare desfirousth ofovisitingthe, A.d ad sonIbelow. It is strouglyrecomnmendedbythe first medicalmne for persons inddeliate health. . GOLDSNMIH, -hite Hart Hotel, bers to offer such accommodation to those-who mLay patronise kim, that he feels confident they would lbe satisfied with the eomforta which the horase affordS. It is also convenientlysituatefor parties going toand froesthecontinet from its proximity to raifroad transit to the -ir at fE= Fa.Ymiles con be accommodated onz 91zers p- eek,if required. 'VV = EBA1T.-1ough T~avern, Blsckws,iiLC. HAN mt hmbsfriends and tihe publie, that WHITEAIT is now in, high perfction, Thanking them for past favours, Trains fro Fecurl-treef Camden-town, Hitgibury, and, alitatioris on that line evey quarter ofanuhoer. Please Ztaliht th Popla.r Station. YJt±IJi klT A L.dHO E nLndn sa TOMs ofeeoue,Oowers-osct Csailn ossigo w -VDUCTIONin PAMIS, by Mmneq. de CORINEW sies. efrene,t0he3[rev. DR. o,Hawl "k volleysC o iddis sc. ]'DUCATION in. GER-MANXY.-Dr. PETERS FX-' 1JCEIVES EN\GLISH PULS at his r,uidenoeta HanOVer. PatIreectuscs apply to Mr. Fran zTbkm, foreign bookseller, 3, Zro*k. stet, Grosvenor-square. DUCATION.-Miss MAItUIA CHILDE, of te E R0%~Aadey o.Vule.repde:se a limitednumuber of YUC LAD11SoBOARDndEI)UCA.TE. Frofessora attend the establishment for Trench, piauoforte, drawing, dancing. and finginy..-t CurTZ--plam, Kensington. EDUCATION.-16 Guineas per Annusns-Ata 1p!etn-gardens, a few TOUN *E-FMNseRCIE.wow libealy boarded. kindly treMaed,'and enjoy the comforts of &kowa. Apply at 73., Queen's-road Earawater. R1DUU;C_ATION01,X andl MATEURNAL CARE Foe.~ to those who 11aTe young clxiklren to >place out. -Situation heathy, with lare gardeo.-Delta. 14, CrTawley-terrace, Branmpton._ E DUCA ION.-n a ~-elas ]ai acoltere Ex Wsa lectures delivered.-2.. lierbige's I-.! 12~.DUCTION.-Alady, residing in the countr,in it. &~Jparicuarl helth ditrit,is iMliog to receive one or twe GIIiS t EDCATEethheronly daughter. -Theyvillbe ieerrpetas; her own cide,and be instructed in l lim. rech gogapy,muic &. orerusandre.erenoeaadre O K,car ofE. . Leks.Req, I IaExthsnge-buildirgs. ~DUCATION.-In a finishing establishmnent. near E'.'London. a young lady WA?N'TED as an AltTIOLED PUFPTh.~ Premium IS guineas for one year.- Also Vacancies 'or Two veralacs Popils: inclusive ter=s£5leanrnec;TlnedmsesP4n the house, 'which is beau ifolyitnaie.' Address to H. T., owels Mr. reacbe.r pinomoerte-naker, F3; Bisbmrsr-atastreet within. E -DUCATION:-There ai-e -TWO V-ACANCTIES im. Z;da ladiese chool, near town, at the half-quEarter. The xirinclpdx iropoees tD dfli them upon the reduced terms of 25 guinteas per annarm.- 'ncludigEgih Fivoch. pianoforte, dancing, end singIng, by mcotessor. No extas Ifpaid 4uarterly. in advance, 2-0 guineasperacnaua. A-ddres G. L., Westcrn. post-office, Kensington. EDUCAITIO-N.-Ternms 20 Guinems per Annum-,E At a mainsts, most beatily siute ith extensIve trml' specius shool oom,winte -giund.excellent dormaitorieff. cricet roud, e.,YOUG Gare liberaly BOARDED DUCAION,chiefIY ly.it ]tooks.-A entlepaEnt otdachtersaeo atsemtu h n reditalroor,ath 1~DUCAflON:terzas £20 -per annum, no extras;12 o the river Orwell, one hour's rede from thLe sea-side, and two fromnLondon.-Gentlemnen of limited meanis may obt3in for their song Irst-rate COMMDERCIAL INSTRUCTIO0N, including LItaU, Greek, F'rench, and Gernman, drawing, bookLkeeping, and snathematics, map). heataiIghly respectable hoarding school, in the countvy. V.21ee nd.grondsdelightful. Vacations 45 per year extra. 1'ar fromLondon, 2s. 10a. Address-Magister,post-office. lsssichi.Sasffolk. E -DUCATION in GERM1A.NY.-In the ESTA- JLJBIJSHMENT of IDm. AT)EPItACEIEIIand HOH&GR at Tranlfort-on-thc-M4aine, the pupils instruction is esetrusted to cx. perenedraser. I cmprse te acintand modern lenaguses ancentanl mden hstoy nd eorapy.mathernatimAesk -no houseis siuate shor distnce m thetown,ri one of the most ~1 asat ububs,hnwitin2 iinues'wak o te English Church. or ers,Lu,aply(eihe prsoaly r b lttr)to Mr. W. A. DUCAION-I a u -well-regulated first-clams E TnigFAtablisbment, near town, there are VACANCIES foe ,VIO YOUNG L &DIES, wbo illreceive the best in.struction in mumG(hap, ian, sngig),evey aequrtc brnchof English, kind, 'oon.. scintius anmatmasolcitde an gratdomestic comfort. S-pa-. ED]UCATION in GERAU~NY.-To Parents sn EGuardians.-Two of the principals at Madaine do BSADER.. WALD's IISTABiLIS11dENT for'YOTING LADIES, at Mayeoe, am. Low in.Mndon tiU thel1fih.of M-ay, aud wiliba happy to receive tbo visits of p~~arentswsigt emct hi hlrna thereh know- nowin ondn. n hei anualvist.wel tae al pssblecr of asj' IPMEPARATORY SCHOOL for LITTLE BOYS, JL from the age of 4tol12,conducted by thie 7dsses REEV 5, Warwick-square east, Kensington, assisted by masters and a Parisienne,, Parents are invited to inspect the great comforts the children enjo:e, I3RIVATE TITION.-A arried and beneficedE A clrgymn, acustmed o tutio,s'ho is educating hiis -own 'sons athsn.reeiesntoisamiyfurnpis.anbas one VACANCIY Hsresidence is in a helh ilg nSre.25 miles from London Address, pre-paid, toRv .K tM.Hyi',28, Paternater-roit P )RIVATE TUITION for BOYS, bet-ween the ages Lof ei,ht andIIL-A benefiocdclergymsn, esiding insahe2lthyr siuaio,within 30 miles of London. receives- a few P UPILS to edLu- ctwihhis own boys. Terms maderate. Address the Omfciatip, Mi1nister. Frimley. Surrey. P RT-ATE TUTOR.-Agradua-te~,f gratexerience JLintui.tion. PREPARES PUPILS forthe = UNIVESITIS? m- tary and EastIndia Colleges, profeesions&c. In additiontothelnhesbt classics, his system,~ embrmcingEuclid, F-rench, Englisb, composition elocution, kc., has also been found admirably adapted ferladies, and those whose education hssbesu retarded.-Eta, M1r. Stocken'sq, 53 Eegent.et. PRIVATE TUTOR--A clergyman, graduate, irt homF fCambridge, and much experienced in utin eon tinues to prepare for the uni'versities, public schools, fc., and has now bounrdisengaed. References to noblemen and othiers, the friends at present and' former pupils.-Rev. MX A., 75;Wimpole-street, Caprendisb:' P RIVATE TUITION.-Aua M.A., late Deputy PL, rotneor and Public Examiner in the Department of Woilemr Language saidLiterature atthe Imperial Royal Oriental Academy - b Vienna,1High Double Claseman. an~ University Mathematical Ebolag: of Oxford, READ)S withL GEN=ZNMdN at his coca residence, 32. Northumberland-street, Chasing-mros, Testimonials audrefemeomeor the highest character. P RIVATE TUITION.-Themrredclergfsmall, of UnLeihealithy hUneintbndgeWtexpoerincea intuiaretioior,erlyo bead mamthematica fondreond lsoficalemasbtwer ntahubicscooila e- 16wowudejytedomestellscorenfortteUiesite,fry HLu Tbanvethae CsIES. xor,mriel,ksaesredcoieds idenrbexesidentciireture. Giond and reanounibhetodgingshmay beeeobaned, Addrs jvAla,,2are ofnielstreet Eatonhokeles osetr inoIshos he orEMMDnforeost- boofg nviemenbetwe tentheages, ofhesa 16 howgiaobldenj~oy thedomesticomforeltseof thOe.TeryaDdveetis MA, ofa Oxod,anmarred. Aplady eed ofr consideral experiene libatuiton,andwcnfins hetges eerne. AddressoT..,L A,, 2e7.Lm-re Daniel-street, Bath.e ex hoseis a ob emanidon,adwh omea proeplee itha -enterymsoan, rI eauartmentsadvant,we.e an lnady anMeyduhe would ben h lbtrally foteatledwt. Address H. L.. pot-ffc. postheffie. tumsa-reen, ra D-UPISIOr.- BioARldER is -an clergs man andO.M JA his- siter prensidinging deihful nheighbudrhood. wueirethiuIOriioes wouldT givemact attmentionar and cArte.tior they mOight reciv a Eoaider aderwoiuld noteobect toin r e-ldery vlady, or genleman.ortweAfetrenesex cihhyhane.Ades roe.chlMay,U,theterryspaced.Haumebemith.dt T24 sdin inathfu suburbsuhG of thspcuesuantihtown.ti-vonae, is anxou t reietwoeor thre aefoe aOnd Ciht.LDRENl be EDCTwiedw winth her oa,dtoem sheTwill, dovotohert sole attntid Sheentr hu also tfontb. Temmdrt.Address H. K, possteofpice. Ecich,oKent. TT~~UITlON.-A widow lady is anxious to REC oMclrAmn fIRIteDs L YNIN oding inahatvvlae,3 ieot-est 1igito, TL3 OePAREnTs. and fav urablyAknown n the lieayni slejL CHIld reNde WOrP-, between the ages of on ndegt. wud be, tprepive inoratraerubln'scfamly,soru mor.tisTherlycareand elemetuaryeingivrue IAr u atclr dw tAREDC e RevYMANB, cengage ins edwucalna £~~~~~~~~~~~ndpeae forrPPL,too hmaecegne' os wilthe ut meetwthTWOorot jointhemin thir sudiels. To dlcthe cliiadrenr toseequringnussl areandattenionghi andvertipesae Hempotead, Hens.hibetdplrns.wifl AlandCLERG~~~IANs holdieeand veri high forthepubic cholsor nivrsiie. Te vmrae oirstoaei vry bautifulIndIeatY of ro thDe.A litry erarsSOetolemuiiian FoYfl pyart icular condecsthed Re.an' -cr of Mra x esriece HowCs. an FIV, new agents, fro.8toav1ea-in,iolorn-hilrl. .Te dvne,e REdCEtIoEnaaPlATlyPIS and p-al.aeo s eyseirepaartedfr, the moi-t vertis ig litary beamtinal,theionte oromerciald pusuts, bye thmes asr Masteren(Othord)of thiae gndoledGaman.TrSchool, EQnfelksnea 7L onon h sasst-fc,y ed byl ofrWight. so abig a.Ilsc JobrlmtD,.FR ,o ro-hI hoe_1 - WoeoJlTE,wih. oo hasoubtindth higheimst adiplmas woulia thtbecglad ue to EE no heerv PUILSroto bemoearedUN foLh ADIEry hoayegedesorfor h nesof enoin ae quralfortabea someund gecralin theiry PedcatIion.hUnecetionacble referetincs. Gatdn.1wich, 44,.; Aveuest Ste. MAries oombe, Chbwam peseuytesa pest pwauid;so toXr. ay, 42,1 Buhry-stret, ast Jam es. Lobanedon.apiain OOILLEGTY of DIYPE.-AUliterary gentleman. %laymSuPehiorhLySSCoAece, andecil ofgnt Genperiale REDCEIVES IVnerPUeILS, from MaeA th 16 11(juniors prfred.Te fraudvantome- eduatio:lfnally hand scaly ote a veypupes rior chatsacte, helonlritU suiugumary beobauiful,o the limtunequalledatn the Cegdoe)est(ir in- thathedontne to receiDv1es,PUdCIL tohei prewpared frte mtry coggest. , Nor fork-theliet, Strt.orb qualFiedcbya1ond. gener~al euca ,BRIXTOHLL COLLEG'XfjandC6X-MjIR very superior domestic arraogements. Ties prmises rctdorsho p?urpoes rATe rccinandthe siuto s n fte mosthealthyan& beaiu ron Lodn.Referesoes to clergymen andgentlemen w.hose sons are now in the schiooL Annual public examinations. A lbxited. number of pupils. Modderate andtinclesive terms. Prosfpecodws on, application to EDWARtD T. WILSONI, Principal. ~§OUNDCOMMERIAL EDUCATION, at -JSlierIc3or'Hose Slmfrdhill.Wy.WILLIAMIS. XA.,,ph.D. Eugjeb, Frenh, nd erma taghtdaily Iby resident professors, the classics. Englsh nd frein coresondece,merehauts'accoun.s superiori?enmanhip an th whleroutine of the countinjg-house liench 55 madstemedumofoonvssaton,uder the direction of D)r. Mentr,, of th nvriyo eln et res o bn chsutry by T. A. Smith. REq. Deuniieanofths et quality. Corporal Punishment wholysuersde b caefl iscplneand kind treatment. Nunibeg D3RrVATE TUT-OR.-Asmarried cereyman,gsant AL In bonours of Cambridge and ;;zomes of h:s college assistssl bv a graduate of Oxford, RECEIVM8N TWELVE S}NS of NOBLEMENs and GENTLEMEN to -prepar for the universities. mifitary examninatirons, and puiblic scebols, HisFystem, attested bythe recommelidatonx of-several officers and gentlemen of rank- whosqe seas bavlse-ess Mzder-. his crg=, has for severallsears been signally ruccssfut The lodilitY Is remarbla hathy, an the houm andL gr-ounds are surrounded by some Of thle dreiest scenery ina lerka. As, the pupiti are hons-ddi-e msm-Jn hbers of the PrincIpal's family circe. areference to theprevious tutteis inaall asesrequired.ThrilbetoaanemaerMeu e,- paS o2O tg,'nm acordiug tG see. s'AdcbWK Cnboiensis-esrs. 31a Irds, Pircadilir. Lcmondo. r[MPRINCIPALS of an ESTABLISHMEXT!rr~ JL OIUNGL.A Es. inons of thetownsofth0kingdciiifH5-bL) 5cr, deiig1toincreasethenunsbereftbeir~ppl, ofrOyon a- lish ladiie'a comfortable home and the advantag Of a fLEisnig edtIca- mnan TrenCB begrpy,histb,pi GerALn aadyrnohliterature;U,mua. drawin, aa~ veo7brnch ofemnaleeducaio tarchilt by,eiam. ther ~tatompe ainstnelos Te eTabihme nsti vieae u ferncs ae ffeedandreuird.Tenisinoltet, ~Apply t 15
PAPZIA,VENT?IPY-ZFOTICES.'--- HOUSE OF COMMONS-. TiURhDXs.'AY 1. ORDEIRS OPr Tsi DAY. ky-re- anr ;smpe tsontract iDebts BiL,-Second reading. narned Women's .Reversionary Interest Bih,-Third reading. Ecclesiastical Courts Jurisdiction 8D1,-Second reading. Judgmcnts E.xecution, &c., BiDl.-Seond reading Juries (Ireland) Bill,-AdJourned debate on second reading (24th of April. Cou'rts of Common law (Ireland) BU331-Corssmittee. Bankruptcy and Insolven (}reandJ Bhl,-Second reading. Foor Law (Ireland) BiDl,-econd reading. CiTil Servioe.-Committee thereupon.. Fall of ars.-Adjoturned debate on question (28th of April). " That bile this House feelsitto be isdutv to express admiration of the Bgallauttro>ffl the Turlhsoldiery and of the devotion of the Britih offiers at the siege of Y-ars, it feel it to be equally a duty to express its conviction tbat the capitulation of that fortrecs, and the surrender of the army which defended it, thereby endangering the safety of the Asiatic provinces of Turkey, were in agreat measure Oying to the want of foresight aind energy on the part of. Her MajesWis AdmniUstration :`-J3Mr Whtesdei~-Asendxment pro- posed, to leave out from the word 'Yvars "o the end of the question,. in order to add the words, " it is of opinion that It is not expedient to offer ayjudgment on the causes and cansequences of the capitulation of that fortress until the House has hiad an opportunilty, of considering theternsofthetreatyofpeace, and the protocolsof theConferencea ecently heldat Paris, nowv laid upon thentdledo r. Ker&aymer,) . isnted thereofd:-Question proposedn "That thenoordspropeeedtohbe left out etand part of the question." Afr. CXapan,-To ask when the papey and correepon lence relatin t charges preiterred by Governor teennedy against Mor. Wiliam Nicoll otdent tlegath oduatfMayliat are nlytoanbed lid on the table of the Lsord Bap.-To sek whether (tie intended to make any aelteation in the present mode of corducting postal communifcatio in the north of Irelands MIr. Napier,-To ask whether any steps have been taken by the Government to carry into effect the recommendations for the improv.ementof legal ecdnation wsich are contained in the report of the Cor.m mlitoners appointed eo inqui into the Inns of Court ? Mr. Gi. Du eo.-To ask the lord Advoc3tc when he proposes to intro-o duce his bili for amending the mode of registeridg voters i Scotland? Mr. GrPgan,-To ask if any and what steps have been taken to carry out the recommendatons contained in the report of the commissioners apposited to nquirel, la. into the Dublin hospitals ? Captain I. Vernon,-To ask when the ?acancy of Colonel-Commandhethei the btoyalEngineers, caused by the death of General Wright on the 5th of March lait, mii te diled ut ? ' hfr. Palo,-Toask the Under-Secretry for Wfar, ihetherthefexaiinations already taken before thecourt of inquiry nowr sitting, and presided over by Sir Aiexander Woodford, w.ill he laid upon the table of the House, and wthen? lWhether H1er Maoesty's Government contemplate any measures for the more edicient organization of the Mcedical and Hlospital Staff, and of the Comunnisariat, orwvhetherit is intended to reduce those departments to tbe samo peace establishment whichwaas found so -inefilcient At the breaking outof the war? M'r. Lmdddil,-To askw;hether the attention of Government has been called to the refusal of the Suanish Government to refiundb to the firm of Me=rr. Clementson x(Newcatle-on-Tyne) the amount of the excess of duties levied at Tarragona. in October last. upon a cargo of iron shipped by them to that port; and whether, after the repeated remonstranres that have been addressed by Lord Howden to the Spanish Government upon the subject, Her Maesty's Government are Prepared to take steps to insure the payment of the money. and to protect British merchants in future fromthe extortions of the CustomIouse authorities of the Spanish ports.' Viscount Palmnerston.-That the other orders of the day be postponed untUilafer- the adjourned debate upon the fali of Kars MIr. L Xing,-Return, underseparate heads, of all sums paid out of civil contingencies in 1813,1854, and 18M5, and not charged to civil contingencies. Mr. L. King,-Return. in detail, of the items of expenditure in the eivil contingencies in 1855. 31r. Hutt,-BMlto amendthe Act6th and ,th Victoria, chap. 36, to exempt from county, borough, parochial, andother rates, landand buildlings occupied by cientific or literarr societies Mr. Kemnedy.-Copy of diagrams, as iilustrated from the tables of D. K. Clark, Civil Engineer, in the engineering department of the Bombay, Baroda, auiGCentral India Railway. Colonel lrench,-Return of the amount of fees received by the several local marine boards, and the salaries now and heretofore paid to their respective officials. Viscount Goderich,-BiUl to amend the Indautrial and Provident Societies Act, 1854. 3Mr. Ma(artney.-Copies of further papers relative to the recent Arctic expeditions in search of Sir John Franklin and the crews of Her 3Majesty's ships Erebus and Terror, including the reports of Dr Kane and of Messrs Anderson and Stevart; And, of any correspondence relative to the adjudication of the sum of £10,000 as a reward.for the discovery of and ascertaining the fate of the crews of Her Majesty's ships the Erebus and Terror. lMr. Headlam,-Address for returns of the amount that has been collected in the case of every bankruptcy that has been wound-up in the course of the years 1853,.185f, and 1815. Sir F. Baring.-To nominate the Select Committee on Publie 3£oneys:*-Sir F. Baring.Uhe Chanellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Henley, Sir James Graham, Mir. WYilliams, Sir H. Willoughby, 31r. WlsLon, Mr.- FoDlett, r.3r Powycr, 3Ir. James M'Gregor, .Mr. lEllce, lord Standey, 3fr. Hankey, Mr. CardwcU., Mr. G. A. Hlanilten.
ADULTERATIO-V OF FOOD. The committee met again yesterday in room No. 17, Mr Scholefield in the chair. Mr. Goodman, chief clerk to the Lord Mayor, said, he had had 30 years' experience in the legal business of the city of London, but h never had a case of adulteration brought before him, and therefore had no practical experence on the subject, but was acquainted with the general law relating to adulteration. HIe apprehended that there were three remedies open to the public-viz., by action, by indictment, by simple conviction before a magistrate, and by the intervention of the EBxcise. Unless there was some public injury arising from the adulteration the only remedy would be by action. This was, of course, beyond the reach of poor eople, and practically it was seldom had recourse to either bnTich or por, the expense and difficulty being too great. By Mr. WisE.-He referred to the general subject of adulteration. He was aware that by the 3d of George IV, chap. 106, there was a remedy for the adulteration of bread or flour, but this being a local act, and not in the statutes at large, it was not generally known to exist. Informations under this act were also required to be laid within 48 hours, and this was much too short a period for ordinary purposes If this were altered and the act mnade a public one, it would be much more used by the public. By the CmusuixN.-Wiith regard to the prevention of adulteration, he would suggest a right of search either by actual inspectors appointed for the purpose, or by parties connected with the police. This kind of power existed at present with regard to the inspection of weights and measures. As to the adulteration of drugs, hethoughtthey might be submitted to some analytical chymist, andhis cer tificate would be sufficient prsiumptive eviaence to call upon the defendant to answer the charge, leaving the onus upon him to prove the genuineness of the drug. Mr. Mackenzie said, he resided in Glasgow, and edited a newspaper published in that city. In consequence of a letter he had pub ibhed in his paper relating to the adulteration of some oatmeal an action was brought against him by the accused party. He prepared to defend the action, and instituted some inquiries into the question, and in consequence the person referred to was prosecuted for supplying oatmeal which was adulterated with "bran" and "thirds," the common food of horses. The acecused defended himself by bringing forward somemillers who proved itwas the general practice in the trade. The jury fonnd him "Guilty," but recommended him to mercy on this ground. He was sentenced to three months' imprisonment and a fine of 1001., but the fine was not paid, as the magistrates doubted their power to enforce it. The case was tried in September, 1847, and since thenmany cases had come to witness's knowledge, and he believed adulteration existed in almost every article, and that it was quite necessary to have some legislative interference. Thepresent state of the law in Scotland was quite insufficient. He thought the present officers of Excise in Scotland, who were a very intelligent body of men, might have power to interfere, with great benefit to the public. At present the adulterations were carried on so scientifically that the public were unable to decide for them. selves, and there was a very strong feeling in Glasgow that something should be done to put a stop to them. Dr. Bngley, professor of chymistry to the Medical and Surgical Institution, Sheffield, detailed various substances in which he had detected adulteration, and said, from the circumstances that had come to his notice, he was of opinion that, under the present law with regard to the adulteration of flour, it was very desirable to make some alteration, in order to prevent those who took the samples from the trader from having power to adulterate the flour before the analysis. The present provisions of the act did not protect the trader, and there ouglht to be some means of having the samples of suspected flour, &c., sealed up by some indifferent party, and the accused should have the opportunity of analysing them. Mr. Lostgate, surgeon of Birminghamn, was recalled, and in continuation of his evidence given on a former occasion said, the general result of his examination of articles in various large towns was to convince him that adulteration existed in two-thirds of them. He should propose as a remedy that all injurious adulterations should be declared illegal and the seller held responsible, and some central body should give instruction from time to time as to what were injurous adulterations; that an officer should be appointed to examine and test all articles, who should be practically acquainted with genuine commodities and be capable of scientifically examining them, and that he should be acquainted with the effects resulting from the use of adulterated articles; the appointment of this officer to be in the local authorities, subject to the approval of the Central Board, and he should no be removed except by complaint made by the town clerk to the central board.& The duties would be to purchase samples for analysis, and to examine articles sent to him suspected of adulteration. All fines for adulteration should go into the borough fund, and there would then be no excuse for sending articles for examination known to be genuine. From the articles examined a sample should be taken and placed under the care of the town clerk, to be locked up and produced in case of dispute. Tbse duty of the officer should also be to collect evidence, and to inspect sho s for pricious adulterations after prefious conviction. rower should be given of registering the names of traders who had been convicted a certain number of times, the list to be published half-yearly. After some further evidence as to what should be considered an adulteration, which witness considered ought to be left to the proposed central board to define, The committee adjourned until Friday next at halfpast 12.
DILVTH OF IBI. BLAcEF, LATE I.P. Fop. NETWCAsTL,E-o0-TYE7E.-Inteligence has reached England of the decease of this gentleman, who died on Friday last, at Villeneuve-sur-Yonne, in the south of France, whither he had gone for the benefit of his health. He was the eldest son of Mr. Christopher Blackett, of Wylam-hall, Northumberland (who represented the southern division of that countyin the Liberal interest from 1837 to 1841), by Elizabeth, yonnger daughter and coheir of Mr. Montagn Burgoyne, younger son of the late Sir Roger Burgoyne, of M,rlehall, Essex. At the period of his death he had not completed his 35th year, having been born in 1821. He received his early education at Harrow, whence he proceeded to Christ Church, Oxford. In 1841 he took his degree as a 2d class in classics, and in the following year was elected to a Fellowship at Merton. He did not, however,remain lone in residence, but came to reside in London, where hestudied for the bar. In July, 1852, he attained what hadlong beenthe object of his ambition-a seat in Parliament, being chosen to represent his native town of Newcastle. As a member of Parliament he was regular and punctual in his attendance, and a frequent speaker, strongly advocating an extension of Parliamentary reform, of the electoral franchise, and of national education; he also supported the ballot, and refused to pledge himself to vote for the withdrawal of the Maynooth grant. Worn out prematurely with hard work, he tonndimself oblged to withdraw himself some months since-from all ive employment, and, fiding his health growing worse athe commencement of the new year, he accented the Chiltern Hundreds at the opening efthepresent sesior, and wlent to Ihe continent to recruit his jrostated energies. He died unhiarrsed. - - -~~ ~. CrYSTAL PALAc.-O$ N SHnTaNG DxY, -Wednesday, April 30.-Admissiona on payment, 2,151; ditto, by as n tickets, 875 ;t01tot1 W 4j026.
- PABLIAMBATTARY-IATTELLIGENC -- EOIJSE OF COMIMONS, WED.SnDAY, ApiR,nj 30. The SPtEx took the chair at 12 o'clock. The Leeds Improvement Aets Amendment Bill was read the third time and passed. Petitions were presented against the abolition of churchrates without an equivalent by Mr. THOBRNLL from AIfreton; Derby; by Mr. MOODnY, from -Ile Brewers, Puckington, Bradford, and Crewkerne;. by Sir T. ACLAS,D from .ienitbn, Northmnolton, Twitchen, .Rose Ash, and Bishop's Nympton; by Colonel GILPIN, from the clergy of the archdeaconry of Bedford; by Mr. PACkrE, from the clergy of the deanery of Chesterfield, in -the diocess of Li chfield; from Torquay, in the co'ounty of Devon; from Sefton in the county of Laneaster; and from Walthan, in the county of Leicester- by Lord RoBERT CEcii, . from the parish of Alvington, in the county of Glocester; by Mr. COLVILE, fromn Rosliston, 7Coton-in-Elms, Brassington, Holbrook, arid Newhall; by MIr. G. IL CAvEYDIS}i from inhabitants of Tideswell ; by Colonel WATsS, from the curate and churchwardens of of the parish of St. Johri, iBreclnock; by Viscount NEWPORT, from Shiffnal, Shropshire, and from Blymbl., Staffordshire; by 3Mr. TOLLEmAACH.- from Tattenhall, Coddington, Handley, Malpas, Bickerton, Tilstone, Acton, and Wrenbury, in the county of Clhester;r by Mr. G. H}E y, from the viecr and curate, the Moravian nminister, the Mayor, and other inhabitants of Leonuinster; by Mr. CHinD, from Great Wyrley, Leek, and the church warden of Edingale, Staffordshire; by Mr. KENDALT, -from the inhabitants of -Puddington, in the county of Devon; and from the inhabitants of the parish of Menheniot, in the county of Cornwall; by Lord BEmLYN, from Carew, Pwllcrochon, Jeffieston, Reynoldston, Castlemartin and Rhoscrowther, Pembrokeshire;. by Lord A. PAGO,, fromthe clergy of Liehfield; by Mr. B. WOODD, from Selby, Draa, and Adlingfleet. Petitions in favour of the abolition of church-rates were presented by Sir W. CLA.Y, from inhabitants of South Alnster, an Dissenters of Kettering. Petitions were alsopresented by Captain J. O'CoN.NsET, from the Mayor and Corporation of Clonmnel, against the Ministers' money Act of last session, maling the Irish corporations collect the tax of minister' money; by Sir J. M'TAGGAMT, from Whithorn, Wigtownshire, against all religious endowments; by Sir W. CL,TY from women in the Tower Hamlets, for an alteration of the laws relative to the property of women; by Mr. J. EwAmT, from Liverpool, signed by 5,194 persons, about half of whom were women, in favour of Sir B. Perry's motion about the rights of women; by Mr. HEY WOOD, from the Prestwich board of Vardians, in Lancashire, for alterations in the Vaccination ill - from the comniittee of the Association for the Reform of kducational Endowments, for alterations in the Cambridge University Bill; by Sir E. Fi.mit, from the inhabitants of Appledore, in Kent, praying for an alteration in the law of property as regads marriedwomen; by Mr. A. BMATHESON, from the teachers of the Inverness Free Church Local Association, in favour of the Lord-Advocate's Educational Bills; by Mr. Cowtux, from 1,122 women in Edinburgh, married and single, respectably signed, statimg that, under the present law, women, when entering into the married state, are in great danger of exchanging a condition of freedom for one of slavery, and praying the HouLse to pass a measure so as to protect their property and secure their earnings; also, from Free St. Luke's CRhurch, Edinburgh, praying for the effectual suppression of wee pawns, and for the regulation and control of brokers and dealers in old or second-hand articles; by Mr. B. WOODD, from the guardians of Knaresborough Union, against the Vaccination BiU; by Mr. BlAde, from the Convention of 11oyal Burghs, for an improvement in the mode of registration of Parliamentary voters; also, from the wine-merchants and from inhabitants of Edinburgh, for the modification or repeal of the Pnblichouse Act; from inhabitants of Dalkeith, for withdrawal of al public grants for religious purposes in Ireland; and from the ministers of the United Presbyterian Church in Edinburgh and Leith,-in favour of improvement in the parochial schools of Scotland; and by Sir F. KELLY, from workmen in the employment of MIr. T. Holmes, of Pendleton, and of Mr. '. Horridge, of Raikes, Lancashire, in favour of the Ten-and-a-Half Hours Bill. , ASCENSION-DAY. M1r. HAYTER, in the absence of the FirstMinister of the Crown, moved that the House at its rising do adjourn till to-morrow at 2 o'clock. Mr. THORIELY asked if they were to begin business at 2 o'clock? The SPEAKER explained that the House at its rising always adjourned till half-past 10 o'clock the following forenoon. Committees were entitled to sit after that hour, but to-morrow being Ascension-dat it was not thought desirable that they should meet before 2 o'clock, and hence the motion for adjourning the House tiU that hour. Mr. THORNELY understood, then, that though committees might sit at 2 the House itself would not meet till 4. The SPEAKER.-Precisely so; but it is competent to the House now to resolve that no committee should sit tomorrow, being Ascension-day. (Hear, hear.) After a pause of some moments, during which a hurried consultation was held on the Treasury bench, Mr. HAYTER withdrew his motion, and Mr. FITZROY moved that no committee should have leave to sit to-morrow, being Ascension-day, which was agreed to sans. con. ADVANCEMEINT OF SCIENCE. Mr. HEYWOOD gave notice that on Tuesday, the 27th of 3May, he would move for a select committee to consider what public measures could be adopted to advance science, and to improve the position of its cultivators. NEW WRIT. On the motion of Mr. H,AYTER, a new writ was ordered to be issued for the election of a member for the county of Longford, Ireland, in the room of Mr. R. ME. Fox, deceased. DWELLINGS FOR LABOURIN-GCLASSES (IRELAND) BILL. Sir W. SOMERVILLEE moved that the House should go into committee upon this bilL Colonel GREVILLE entertained strong objections to the bill, but, believing that the adoption of the amendments on the paper would materially alter its character, he would not oppose the motion for going into committee. Mr. DE VERE also thought that the proposed amendments would render the bill less objectionable than at present, and was therefore prepared to consider the clauses m committee. Mr. BRADY said, the principle of the bill had never been discussed in the house. While admitting that its author might be influenced by the most cordial feelings towards the labouring classes in Ireland, he could not allow that the bill was necessary, or that it would carry out the object stated in the preamble. It would bring all the houses belonging to the poor under the surveillance of the magistracy and the power of the landowners, andhe should therefore give it his most determined opposition. He moved, as an amendment, that the bill should he comnmitted that day siX months. Mr. KENEDY, in secondingtheamendinent, denounced the bill as an attempt to introduce into Ireland a different law from that which existed in England or Scotland. He did not believe it would be proposed anywhere except in Ireland to empower a landlord to eject his tenants occupying less than half an acre of land, at any period of the yea-, even when their crops were in the ground, upon a month or a week's notice. There were no peculiar circumstances in Ireland to justify thie enactment of so harsh a law, and he hoped the House would not listen to the plausibl3 excuse that the bill would enable landlords to provide for the labouring classes house accommodation not inferior to that enjoyed by the humblest cottager in England. Sir W. SOMERVILLE said that last session he explained so fully the reasons which had induced him to introduce the bil that he did not think it necessary to make a lengthened statement upon the present occasion. It was not correct to say that the bill would enable landowners to eject every occupier who held less than half an acre of land: and he could not help renarking that it would be a blessed state of things if house accommodation, such as that he proposed, were provided to the labouring classes in Ireland. The habitations of the poor in that country were a disgraco to civilization, and had even been unfavourably contrasted by writers from various parts of the world with the vwigwams of Indians, But the present state of the law was such that it was extremely difficult for a landlord to regain possession of a single hovel on his estate, and when he did recover possession, which he was sure to do in the end, he Imocked the house down. The object of his bill was to facilitate the recovery of such property in certain circumstances, with the view of better aconimodation being provided, aud to put an end to a state of things which frequently led to evictions. A similar measure, applicable to the towns and villages of Ireland, had produced the most beneficial results, especially in Dablin-; and he believed that but for it a large portion of the labouring classes would not have atthe present moment a roof to cover them. It was with an humble endeavour to remedy the existing dreadful state of things that he had brought forward this measure. It must be remembered that these peer people were hustled and huddled together in hovels which were utterly ufit for human beings to dwell in, anci Cthat tor the wretched places which they in. habited they paid a rent which was absolutely exorbitant. He had thought long and anxiously over this subject, and he conscientiously believed that the bill which he had intro- duced would prove efficacious in remedying the notorious evils which now existed, He would only add, that every provision of the measure was framed with a viewto the best interests of the labouring man. (Hear, hear) Lord -BERNARD trusted that the hon. gentleman who had moved the amendment would permit the bill to go into comnittee. It was admitted that the habitations of the poor in Ireland were bad; and the object was to improve them. The mode by which the bill proposed to do that was by encouraging persons who had the means to build houses, securing to them a fair and reasonable return for the capital invested. It was not in the country districts alone that the babitations of the r were in the wretched condition that had been stated - ut the same thing prevailed in the towns to an equal and even greater estent. At a recent inquest which was held in the cityof Cork the county surveyor stated that one-tenth of the whole of the houses in that city were unfit for habitation and ought to be pulled down. Another witness on the same occasion stated that one-third of the houses in that city were in a dangerous state. Now that the blessings of peace were restored he trnsted that gentlemen would tun' their attention to practical legislation of this description, for he was certain that nothing would more tend to raise the: Irish people in the social scale than providing for them neat and wholesome dwellings and encouraging in therm cleanly habits. (Hear, hear.) He begged to express his acknowledgments to the right hon. baronet the mermber for Canter.. bury for having introduced this bill. Sir :). NORPEYS believed that the mneasure was solely cideplated for the benefit of the peasantry of Ireland, and he reV ted therefore the opposition which had been offeredto it. -Ifhe-thoughtthat it-was intendedgo-ive the landlordsa more arbitrary power over the tenantry than they, nowposiessed he should not support the measure for an hiniant; but his right hon. friend the member for Canterbury-was,' fortunately, the last man in that house who could be suspected of-such an intenti6n. (Hear, hear.) Mr.-J. O'CONN ELLwould not join in the criticismsmany of them unjust-which had been passed upon theIrish. landlords; but he could not agree that it was desirable' to give to landlords, wIo had alreadvypossiblT tyrannized overtheir tenantry, the power of ejecting them and pulling down6t their cottages in order to do what..-to build magnificent mansious with two rooms, of which any English landlord would be ashamed I (Hear, hear.) He was surprised that a gentleman of so much practical benevolence as his right h~on. friend, and who was so estimable in every relation of private life, should have lent his name to such a measure. Me td that eve-n at this stage the House would interpose and stop the further progress of the bill. (Hear.) ; Mr. 1iYIER observed that the VDevon Commission ii their report had enlarged on the necessitv of elevating socially and morally the condition of the labouring classes;_ nd if- thisbill were -calculated-to raise those classes both morally and socialy, what earthly objection couild there-beto allowing it to go into committee? Agreatportion of this bill had been unaunmously sanctioned by a select committee, and he believed that every man who had the interests of Ireland at heart would support it, the effect of it being to give to the labouring classes decent homes, the value of wvhich no man could over-estimate. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MAGUIME was as anxious' as any'one could be for the improvement of the dwellings of the labouring cLasses; but his objection to the bill under consideration was, that it gave to the landlord summary -power of disturbing poor tenants, and evieting them not only from their houses, but g1so from their land and crops. He would be no party to givingadditional power to landlords, which might be tyrannically employed. Referring to the Cork case, which had been alluded to by the noble lord near him (Bernard) he asserted that if there were ruin, desolation, nusery, and squalor in the habitations in towns it was the fault of the landlords, who received high rents and neglected their duty. Mr. WILKMISON supported the bill, on the ground that landlords could not be erDected to build new dwellings, unless a return of the capital so invested were secured to them. No one could doubt that one of the very first steps towards raising a poor population in the social scale was to improve their habitations. All experience taught this, and every one knew that it was hopeless to attempt moral imnrovements in -the maidst of dirt and filth and squalor. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DEASY urged that the House should at once go into committee. All the objections which had been raised to the bill appeared to him to relate rather to matters of detail than of principle, which he believed might well be discussed in committee. He trusted that in so important a matter no further delay would be interposed. Ir. MAGAN, as an Irish landlord, did not wish to have the powers wvhich this bill conferred If the right hon. gentleman would allowr the process of ejectment to tahe plate at the end of every half-year, instead of irp the summary manner provided for in the bill, there probably wrould be no objection to allow it to go at once into conmmittee. Sir R. FERGUSON thought that the whole of the objections to the measure might be considered with advantage in committee. Mr. BRADY then withdrew his amendment, and The House went into committee. On clause 1, Colonel GREVILLE proposed an amendment, the effect of which would be to throw upon the landlords of dwellings vhich came -within the operation of the act, the necessity of keeping them -in repair. Sir W. SOMERVILLE opposed the amendment, upon the ground that it would be more desirable to leave the question of repairs to be settled by an arrangement between the parties concerned. Lord NAAS also opposed the amendment, because he thought that it might deprive the landlord of the power of eviction given to him by the bill in cases where the tenemnents were not in what might be coiisidered proper repair. Sir T. ACLAND thought that the substantial repairsshould be made by the landlord, and the minor repairs by the tenant. Mr. HORSMAN considered that the amendnent was founded on a misapprehension as to what was the real inlerest of the tenant. It was by no means always to his interest that all repairs should be made by the landlord. After some further conversation in which the amendment was opposed by Mr. NADIEIR, 3Mr. DEAsy, and Mr. L. DAVniS, and supported by Mr. 3rMAMoN and Mr. BEL,LENN, Sir W. SOMERVILLE suggested that the amendment should be withdrawn, and that words should be introduced into the bill rendering it necessary that an engagement should be entered into betweenthe landlord and tenant as to what repairs should be executed by each. M1r. BRIDY approved the amendment. 3fr. GEORGE opposed it, and hoped the right hon. baronet would adhere to the clause as it stood. The Committee divided, when the numbers were For the amendment ... ... ... ... 41 Against it ... .. ... .. ... 169 Majority ... ... -128 Clause 1 as amended was agreed to. On clause 2, Mr. IM'AHON moved the omission of the words relating to the notice, "or left for him with Eome person apparently in occupation of his dwelling," so as to make Iersonal service necessary. Mr. BOUVERIE hoped the words would be retained, because service in that form was recognized by the English statute law. Mr. BARROW said that was notice of process after service of notice to quit. Mr. G. BUTT believed that if personal notice were required the whole enactment would lose its practical value, because tenants would evade the notice by absenting themselves for a short time from their homes. MIr. J. FITZGERALD suggested that the words should be passed over now, but that on bringing up the report aU should be omitted after the words '-the tenancy shall be determined by a written notice to quit." The effect would be to leave the question of service of notice to be interpreted by the common law. Sir W. SOMERVItLE then consented to omit, at present, the whole proviso. Mr. 'A HON withdrew his amendment. Mr. L. DAVIES suggested that the notice should be extended to six months for tenancies not in towns. Lord NAAS thought it important, and intimated that his hon. friend should move that amendment on brihging up the report. Mr. L. DAVIES said, he would do so. lMr. M'MAHON moved an amendment which should have the effect of limitingthe referenco in this bill to the Summary Jurisdiction Act, so as to include the fulst paragraph of the 16th section of that act, and not subsequent paragraphs of the same section. Sir W. SOMERVlLE ,would reconsider the clause, and would take care that the Smmary Jurisdiction Bill should not be incorporated with the present clause, so as to cause any confusion. MWr. DRUMMOND.-The principle of the bill seemed to be, that a landlord had a prior claim upon the stock of a tenant before other creditors. He did not see that he had any more claim upon a tenant's effects than the shopkeeper with whom he might have run into debt. (Hear.) Sir W. SOMERVILLE wotld move to leave out the 16th section of the Summary Jurisdiction Act. Mr. HENLEY thought it desirable as much as possible to encourage the rental of agricultural cottages by the year. A man might then pay his rent without difficulty out of his harvest wages, while if he had to deduct his rent out of his narrow earnings in the winter months he would have very little security forhis holding. (Hear.) Sir J. GRAHAM had no doubt that the motives of his right hon. friend in bringing forward this bill were most pure, benevolent, and excellent (cheers); but he had great doubts with regard to some of the details of this bill. He agreed with the right hon. gentleman (Mr. Henley) that a tenure of less than a year was not conducive to the comfort rand independence of theagricultaral labouref. (Hear.) Be had great donbt also with respect.to the effect of the bills in legalizing the system of conacre in land. Ealf an acre of land was too much, and he thought that less than a quarter of an acre was the right quantity for an agricultural labourer, unless they wanted to introduce the system of conacre and small farming. (Hear, hear.) Hle w;as afraid that if they gave the landlord a more summary power of ejectmert than he had he might in some cases subject the occupier to summary treatment uless he paid the highest rent. Sir- T SOMERVILLE said, the bill referred to allotments " not exceeding" half an acre. IUnder the present circumstances of Ireland lie thought that quantity not too much as the sinmim. The present difficulty in recovering the rent led landlords to go to the expense of evictions, and 'w;hen they had turned out the teunant they knocked down the house. If something were not done it would be impos- sible in many districts for the poor man- to find the meAns of shelter, and it was therefore thought desirable to induce those who had the power to provide a better class of residences for the poor. He was afraid that if thae bill extended the tenure to six or 12 months these residences would never be provided. He would, however, consider the propriety of extending the term of tenure. Mr. MEAGHER thought it desirable either to withdraw the bill or to bring it forward in a less objectionable shape. He moved-that the chairman report progres. Mr. HORSMAN said, there had been a great deal of diseussion upon the bill, and it was impossible for any hon. member to be more conciliatory than his right hon. frend. (Cheers.) He trusted the debate would be allowed to go on. Sir J. GRAHAM should view with great jealousy the extension to the rural districts of the system of summary jurisdiction vwhich Parliament had recognized for towns. Mr. J. D. FITZGERALD suggested the insertion of the words "any tenancy for a year, or for any less term" in the first clause, in order to meet the right hon. baronet's - objection. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. BUTT thought that the measure would prove very beneficial to the people of Ireland, and that it was in perfect analogy with the English-statutes upon the same :abject.- Sir W. SO0MERVIE urged the committee to allow the bil to make some progress, in order to prevent it from being thrown over to next session. (Hear.) He was willing to adopt the suggestion of his right hon. friend (Mr. J. D. Fitzgerald) and, upon bringing up the repoit, to render the bill applicable to tenancies for a year or a shorter period. (Ch eers.) 3fr. M'MiAHON said, - the right hon. gentleman's concession would be a great boon to the labounring cles, and thanked the right hon. baronet (Sir J. Graham) for the observations which had led to it. He calod upon .,tie Governmont .t,_pu, an. end to the.. impolitic, exceptional legislation -which bd been applied to hirlnd froma the time of Dean S*iftto the presealt day. It was preposterous to say ihat the conditionx of the laboring classes would beimproved by-giving greae powers of eviction to landlords. I Mr. KIRKsaid, it was necessay, in order to improve the deplorable conditiort of Irish agricultural labourers, to make such a change in the law as would induce landlords toibild --comfortable dwellings (hear), and -he believed the bill was calculated to effect that object. He was surprised that the right hon. baronet (Sir J. Graham) should have confounded the stem which this bill proposed to introduce with the conacr system. * Sir J. GRAIAM had not said that this bill would introduce the conacre systein, but that he was afraid it might lead to the introduction of that syBtem. He was afraid that when a tenantheld less than balf an acre for a, less ternthan a year, at a rent of 7.or9.,a landlord would he bable toexerciseohis right ataeek or a month's notice, Landa proceed summarily to eviction. [ Mr. KIRK referred the right hon. baronet to the 4th section, whicht provided that the ouotgoing tenant should - hive compensationt for crops. M r. KEN1EDY objected to the bill, both in principle and in detaiL The motion to report progress was then negatived, and the motion of Sir W. Somerville for the omission of the 16th section of the act of 1851 was agreed ta. MIr. BRADY moved an amendment in that part of the clause which enumerated the requisites tchbe provided for every tenement, to the effect that it should: be furnisied, in :zddition to a watercloaet, -with "proper fall and drainage thereto"-aughter)-he meant "proper fall and drainage therefrom. Sir W. SOMERVILLE opposed the amemdment. The Committee divided, when the numbers were,- For the amendment ... ... 53 Against it ... ... ... ... ... 174 Majority ... ... -121 After a short conversation respecting another amendment, Mr. MAGUIRE moved that the chairman repori. progress. The committee divided, when the numbers were,- For reporting progress ... 24 Against it. 19 Majority .. ... .:. .. -135 A verbal almendment ws then:made in the clause, and the CyAustmN- reported progress, it being a-quarter to 6 o'clock. - The Justices of thePeace QualificationB'll passedthrough committee pro fo2-nd for the purpose of receiving certain amendments. The bill was then ordered to be reprinted, and to be recommitted on a fnture day. The House adjourned at 10 minutes to 6 oclocL
FALL OF KAtRS. I HOUSE OF COMMONS, TUESDJAY, -ArL 29. Order read for resuming adjourned debate on question (April28), "That, while this House feels it to bo its duty to express its admiration, of the gallantry of the Turkish soldiery, and of the. devotion of the British officers, at the siege of Kars, it feels it to be equallya duty to express its conviction that the capitulation of that fortress, and the surnder of the army which defended it, thereby endangering the safety of -the Asiatic provinces of Turkey, were in a great measure owing Zo the want of foresight and energy on the part of ler Majesty's Administration" (Mr. WhitesIde). Debate resumed:-Amendment proposed, to leave out from the word "Kars" to the end of quaestion, iniorder to add the words "itis of opinon that it is not expedient to offer any judgment on the causes and- con-equences of the capitulation of that fortress until th EHoise has had an opportunity of considering the terms of the treaty of peace, and the protocols of the conferences recently held at Paris, now laid -upon the table" (Mr. Ker Seymer)-instead thereof:-Question proposed, "That the words proposed to be left out stand part of the question -" Debate arising; motion made and question put, "' That the debate be now adjourned" (Sir E. B. Lytton). The House divided :-Ayes, 173; Woes, 243. AYES Acland, Sir T. D. Galway, Viscount Nais, orid Adderley, C. B. GaskelL J. HL Napier. J. Alexander J. George, J. NewarI, V-iscount Anesley. Yrlof GLpin, Colonel Newdegate. C. N. Baiey C Gladstone,Rt. Hon. W. Ne*port. Viscount Bakloc=, . H. Gladstone, Cptain Niibet. P.L P. Ball B. Goddard. J NoeP on G.J. B3aring. T. Gordon. Hon. A.. Norths,Colonel~ Banowr W. IL Greenall. G. Northote, Sir S. H1. Bateson. T. Greene. 3. Ok es, J. IL P. Beliew, T. A. Grogan, B Ostrlston, Lord Rennet. P. Guinness, B. Otway, A. 3. Beotluck, Si. P. Halo, Bs. B Paninr 8irJ Bernard, Vscount Hall, General Palk,? L Bignold. Sir S. Hamilton, Lord C. P;lmer. Robert BlakeL PfHandcocl;, Captain Pamner, Roundell Blakernore, T. W. B. Harcourt, Colonel Pescocke, G. X. V. Bllandford. s o£f Hardy G. Plilinore, R. Bond, J. w. Hayes, SirEH Portal, H. Booth. sirB si G. Heathcote, sr pW. Bepton G. W. J. Bowyer, Gi. Henley. 3. Robertson, P. F. Braley-Moore, 3. PHerbPzt. Sir T. Rest, J. Bramsaton, T. W tHervey, Lrd , Se'ner, EL X. Buck, Colonel Hildyard R.C. Snijth, Sir W. Boiler, SirJ. HlMl, Lor;IA. Smith, A. Bmroughes, H. Horsfa3l. T. B. Somerset. Colonel Bun-owes, B. Hume. W.F. Spooner, R. CabbelLB. Jone Aniral Stefford, A. Cairns, PL MVX. Kendall, N. Stanbope, 3. B. Cecl. ordH. Kennedy. T. Stanley, Lord Chri.tvS. King, J. K. Starlie, Me Gi. N. Clintm4 ordC P. Ruatebbull,Y F. Stracey, SirH. J. Clive, HE'on. R. Knight. 1V. Stewart. Sir K.L R. S. Cocks. T. Knightley, B Stnart. Captain Cole, Hon. EL . Xnox. Colonel Sturt, IL G. Cols, IL B. Iuacon, Sir B. Sllivan, X Compton, H. Langton. W. Gi. Swift, R. Conoily. T. Laslett,W. - Trcalope. SirJ. CorDy, EL H morB Lord . F. Tyler, Sir G. Disraeli, RightHEfonLB. ord HL G. Vance, J. Dod, J. W. LiddeL Hon. PL G. Verner, SfrW. Drar, J. Lisbusne, Earl oE Vemnon, G. E. H. Duncambe, Hon. A. I , Vernon, L. Duncombe, IV. Lyto,Si B , acott, Admiral Duane. Colonel Macartney, G. Warren, S. Egerton. Sir P. M'Evoy, B. Wliteside, T. Emlyn, Viscount N'Gregor, Jas. 'Whitmore, H. Evelyn. Wf. 3. hM'lahon, P. 'WramI, T Faroham B. B. Miguire. J.. WiHtais.T. . larrern 3. . maIm, R. Willoughby. Sir EL Felowes,. Manners Lord 3. Woodd, B. T. Filmer, tiir 1:. tIarch. }arl o Wyndham, General Fitzgerald, W. R. S Maxwell, Hon. J. Wyndhrs, ]EL Floyer, J. Meur SirHL Wynne, Rt. Hon. J. Follett. B. S. Mlichell, W. Yodcke, Hon. . T. Forester, Colonel Montgomery, H. L. Forster, SirSG. Mowebray, J. R. Teler. Franldyn, G. Mfundy, W. Jolliffe, Sir W. G. I GaUwey, Sir W. P. Murrough, J.P. . Talor, Colonel NOES. Acton, J. ForteFeue, C. S. Ps-Aet, Lord A. Adair, HL B. Fox, W. J. P-amerston, Visconmt Adair. Colonel Freest an, Colonel Patten, Co1onel WV. Agnew, SirA. Gibsonu,Rt. Pon. T. hL PAxton, SirJ. Anderson. Sir J. Gifford. Earl of Pcel Sir Si. B. Atherton, W. Goderich, Viscount PeeL Sir . Baime, Rt. Hon. 3M.T. Goodman. Sir G. Peel, B. Ba3l. 3. Gower, Hon. F. L. Penvy Sir T. E. Baring, EL B. Greene, T. Phililpps, 3. Baring,Rt. Hn.SirF.T. Gregson, S P.ilimore, John Burnes. T. Grenfell, C. W. Pigott,P. Bass, 1L Greville, Colonel F. Pilngton. 3. Baxter, W. BR Grey, Bt. Hu. Sir G. Ponsonby. HnA.G. 3. Beamish, F. B. Grey, R W. Portman,W. Beaumont, W. B. Grosvenor. Earl R. Poiwer, N. Bel, J. Hadaeld, G. Powlett. Lord W. Berkeley,Sir P; HalL.Rt. Hon. SirB. Price,. W P. Berkeley H. Hankey. T. Pntchard. J. Bet.bell, Sir R. Hanmer, Sir J. Ramsden, Sir J. W. Piddu]ph, R. Haurcort, G. G. Raynham. Viscount 8iggs,W. HEaste, lexander Ricatdo, 0. Black, . Hastie, Archibald Ricardo, S. Bland,bELH. Hendlam, T.B. Rice, B. H. Bonham-Carter. 3. Hear L.J.R Richardson, J. J. onlverie, Ht. Hnis. B.E. Heat cote, Hn. I. . BicHley. G. Brand, Hon. H. Henea e, Si. H. W. Robartes, T. Brocklehurst, J. Neneage, G. B. RoJbuck., . Brotberton, J. Herbert, H. A Russell, Lord J. Brown, H. eyoo J. Russell, BC. H. IBruce, Lord E. Hmdley, C. Russell, B. W. Bruce, H. A. Hog, Sir 3. W. Sairle, C. B. G. Bueleay. General Hoand, Sceolefield, W. Burke Sir T J Hoesman. Rt. Hon. E. Scobell, Captain Byng, 'on. G. H. e. Hord, Hn. C. W. Scully, F. C!atlerosse. Viscount Ht,W. Seymour, H. D. Caulaield, Colonel l Rham, . Shsufto, R. Cavendish, Hon.C. C. Ingram, H. Sbee, V. Cjavendish. G.- Jackon, IV. SheDey, Sir J. V. Chalis, Alderman Jermsn, Earl Sheridan, R. Chamber, T. Keating, H. Smith, J. B. Chambers, K. Kersav., 3. Smith, H. T. Cheethm 3. Kig L Smith, Rt. Hon. P... Clay. Sir W. Kingecote, B. Somervile. SirlW Cobbdt, J. Kinnad, HonA. B. Stafford, Mtarquis of Cockburn, SirA. J. .Firk,W. Stanley, W. 0. CoUier, RH labonchere,Rt.Hn,H. Steel. J. Colvile, C. Langion, H. G. Strickland, Sir G. Cowan, C. Larard. .H Stratt. Right Hon. BE C'peer,HRt.Hon.W.F. Iee, WV. - Sutton J. H. Craufurd, B. H. E. Lemon. SirrC. TaTbot C. Crorsley, B. Lewis, Sir Si. Tanered, H. W. Dshwnoda. Sir Gi. HL I.indaaaVW. S. Thompson, G. Danie, Sir}L Hi ..... B. Lowre, Rt. Hon. H., Thornely, T. Des.sy,R Bn ce,T. T_iomnill,W. P. Dent. J. D. blackie, 3. Tite, W. DoeVere, S.EB. Zagan, WV. Traill G. Bev ercur. 3. T. lLfaronh>anks, iD. C. UIXbrdge, Earl of Jxul VynD, li L.- Mtartin, J. 'Vane, Lord H. Drummond, H. Martin. P. 'V. Villlers, Rt. Hon. C. P. Duff. G. Ms, W. Vivian, IL H. Duncan, Vicount iligan, B. WeLddingiton D. IDuncan, G. Mills,T. Wsnsley, Sir J. Dundae, F. blilner. 8i W. B. Walter, J. Thmgarvan, Viscolut Moffati. Si. Wamer, B. | DunIol A. 1. KnoncM Viscount Waterpark, Lord E. EMs,J lfoncrieff.J. Wtston. W. HL Ebrlngjton,Viscamot Mansell. H.Hon lV. We'll. W. EI lbce, E. lfMorris . Whlatman. J. Esmonde,3. Mfoetn,HonT.E.HL. 'Whitbread. S. Estcourt, T. H. Mowatt, B. 'WIekhan, IL W. Eusiton. FLrloo Mulgrave, Earl of iWilkinson. W. A. I Ewrt,W. fmuntz, GS. F. ' 0lcox, B. art. 3.0. a SNapier. ir C. WVilliama, .L Fenvickc HL' Nortb, F. Williams. W. Fergus, 3. O'Brien P. Wilson, J.1' Frguson, SirP. O'Bren,J. winmington, SirT. . Fitzgerald. SirJ. O'Connell, Captain WiseJ. A. 3itzgerald,-. O'Connell, Captain D. WIHOD Rtn. Sir C. Fitzroy, H. Olabebty, A. WRUii, IK Pley 3. T. H 1t. Oliveira,B. Tellers. Forster. C. Osborne, R. HDater. Rt. Hon.W. G. Forster, 3. Ow-rn, Sir J. Berkeley, G. C. L. 'PATVRq TRADE AND 3 SUFACrUXES D SCOTLA} .-From sretTrn moved for by Mr. Hastie, M.P., it appeas that the income of the Board for the Encouragemnent of Tradein and Manmsfa~ in Scotland, from Apmi 185 to April 1855, amountied to 6,O85g., and the exper diture to 3,365, leanng a-balance of 2,7202; The ex dit;en the building-of the Mationail Gallery, -Edinbmrgh, froml November 1849 to April 1855, we38,2431.
-P:RTZEW OF- TRE BUSSIAN -ARMY IN - ~~TfRB ORDfBL.A Our ow.n correspondeult"with the BritishL army 1ii the Crimea being absent on a tour to Simapheropolj, B3aksihiserai, and other of the Russian positioniw, was not present at the review of the Russian armri thLi descriLbed by a correspondent of the Daily Nelws. 'C&mp, Sebastopol,A-pril 15. Suanday broke with a cloudle sky m . suited for the grand mifit,,ry Spectacle which 'wa to take place. Few, however, hbad been informed of the eventr inci -Engl£h bfit-pomies were more scarce than sua at such' scenes. By 10 o'clock in the morniing the initijWd fea, 'began to leave our position for the northerm heights bv thre3 routes-viz., over the Inkerman-bridge andcausewa&, overTraktir.bridge, and over the Sardinian-bridge.. Tlie_ firt and third were free to horsemeni and foot-passengers aurg the entire day, but the Traktir was closed, by order of the French, between 10 and I oclock, to all that did not a-n. pany the allied commanders and their staf The road I took was by the newly repeired wooder Inkerm.ann-bridge. -which leads to the causeway, at the end of which Whe Russians to this day keep an advance picket inside a small earthen ambusade. Following the track which loads to the north-east, I ascended through steep wooded-glens, here and there swept by batteries almo6t ooncealed ini the brushwood, in rear of the Spur Battery on the Conical-hill and the most advanced Russian telegraph to Mackenzie's Fann. On arriving at this point General Lilders, the RussianConmnander-in-Chief, his aide.de-camp, Major Wehrman, and his chief of the stafi (acting), General Nepoquvitchisky, a Pole, followed by anumneronaC sta,' severausl carriages, one containing the wife of a Captain oF Lancers (Hulan), and also the 'wife of a- lientensat of the staff, 'were ithe act of leavigfor Traktir-bridge to meet their guests, and escot them hac3c to the bead-quaxrters of thellth Division. The guard attending themn on the occasion consisted of nine Cossacks of the Crimea, dresd in scarlet, holding long red lances; 28 gendarmes dressed in bright blue, riding on gray horses; and 20 Cossack3 of the Don, with long spears, mounted on their rough a ponies. OnL this corte arriving within view of The bride a sawlte was fired by our allies. This salute wvas reBpeate by the Russians frotheirgrand battery-Nos. 44, 5i,, 46, and 47-the moment the cavalcade appeared in sight :*eturning. Another halfhour brought them to the head-quarters of the llth Division, where they were received by Leutenant-General Veseliteky, ibis three aides-de-camp--le-a tenant Yarotsky, Prince Cotouben, and Captain Tchernaief, Colonel on the StaffSabler, a young engineer of the Guardt several other staff officers, and aguard of honour-three deepo, drawn up in lne-120 strong, furnished by the 21st Regiment, being the first of the, 11th. Division. On arriving at this point the band played a national air, the guard pre.- sented arms and cheered. larshal Pelissier, wlo was riding a superb black charger, with long baug tail, the trappings being of gold and the holsters and saddlecloth of leopard skin, headed the procession, taking off his cocked hat on the occasion. Behind him was General Lulde-s, who. liLevdse rode on'ablack charger, bearing an Asrachan black saddlecloth, having the Emperor's cipher on inch corner. This noted soldier is by birth a German. With his hehnet on he appears about 40, but when I was nearer to him afterwards, in the marquee, he struck me as being about 50 yeas of age. - His hair is short and thin, and of a grayish tin-e. His figure is stout, althoughhe is above the middle hei;t. On his breast he wore six medals or crosses, and five stars; and here I may mention thatt the Russmansappearto bs decorated for everything. Most of the soldiers wear from five to eight orders; some I saw with sixteen ; and they all were rewarded with a Silistria cross and a Sebastopol circular medal, the riband being the same for bot-h. Ater C4eneral L'uders there followed in line Sir William Codrington who was dressed, as all his staff were, in a pla:i blue frock coat, with cocked hat and sword, General Della Marmora, Sir Iuglh Rose, GeneralWimdhain, &c. Then came the different aides-de-camp, among-whom I noticed Captains Ponsonby, Hall, and Earle, the whole winding up with several officers, English, Prencll, and Sardinian, who were not on duty, and therefore ought not to have been there-an escort of the 11th Hussars, about 15 in number, a like number of the Chasseurs d'Wfrinue, and the Russian escort I have before mentioned. " By this time the Russian troops had formed up in close columns of comnpnies, each containing 75 'meR, three deep, with the exception of the last two, which 'were osily two Ideep. Each of the tenbattalions had its sandzlrd, itE band or bugles, its two small banners, and consisted of 10 companies or 700 men. On the right was .X complete field battery of eight guns, -with eight ainmunition waggons. The horses were in capital condition, and the whole of the fittings appeared to be in good order. As the comnmanders-in-chief rode down the fln followed by a crowd of horsemen, each band and bugles struck up, the soldiers presenting arms and cleering. After this General Lilders, with his guests, took up hiss. position in front of the mud huts quite close to the zuins of Mlackenzie's Farm, so as to allow space for the 7,000 infantry to wheel and march past in open columns, with sloped muskets, at a quick pace. Each battalion consisted of firve oon panies-four of them being three deep or 150 strong, the oth company (Chasseurs), being only two deep or 100 strong. These Chasseurs do not wear any different uniform, but they are armed vith a rifle which carries 1,200 yards. Heading the division rode its general, Veselitsky, 'who har- only one arm, and staff; -then. followed the genes-ral com. - mianding the 1st brigade, Mtajor-General Groteuplo, and his staff. This brigade consisted of the 21st (Selenginsli), and 22d (Yakulski), regiments of the line; and! as the four battalions, each 700 strong, marched past to their bands, which were brigaded together, one could no' help being struck with the soldier-like appearance of the men, the' manner in which they wsung their arms, and the air of defiance with whieh they st'uttea and pointed their feet' to the ground. The 2d (Chasseurs) brigade, which hadA an acting brigadier, note formed of sai battalions, eich 700 strong, not inludir,g officers and sergeants, -and consisted of 'the '21st (Okshotsk. and 22d(pKamts. chstka) Light Infantry regiments. Tlhe officer cornmanding jthe 2nd battalion had a broken arm. As this brigade' passed one could not help being struck with the large pro.- Iportion of cavalry officers, who commantded not only bat-' talions, but likewise companies. On inquiry, it transpired that they were officers who had -volunteered to -erve atSebastopol with infantry. How different from our army. A Russian staff officer, 'who spok-e English besides five other languages, having among other tutors had an English one-M1r. Percy Beresford-told me that the officers suffered terribly at the siege, far more in proportion than the men or our officers at Alma; and certainly the best proof of the truth of his statement was the scarcity efregimental officers at this review of the 11th Division, and what there were being very young. As the battery of artillery which belonged to the 11th brigade of the 4th artillery divisionwent past, one could not help tninkinghow it is that we can never bring into the field more than sis. and nine-pounders, and yet atAlma and Eupatoria the Russians not only had 3S-pounders, but they succeeded in taking them awayintheirretreat; for,beitremembered, attheformer action we only captured two gums, and we never made use of any artillery but six-pounders. At this moment, out of' the whole of our 86 guns in the Crimea there are only eight that come under the head of field artillery-viz., four 18. pounders and four 39pounder howitzers. On this occasion the guns were drawn by four horses and the two-wheel ammunition carts by three ponies abreast. After the artilery came the nine red Cossacks, 28 gendarmes, double rank, 201 Cossacls of the Don, andfour troops-each thirty strong-of Cossacks from the Oural, The gendarmes are onl armed with a sword, but al the Cossacks have spears. Onie peculiarity in the review connected with the officers was, that none saluted except the mounted commanding officers of battalions, and that all the senior company officers zoarched in the centre instead of on the right, as with us. I have omitted to mention that General Otchakofl chief of the 4th eomps drarm6e, accompanied General Liiders. " The moment the Cossacks had -one by the four commanders-in-chief rode to the marquee close by to take luncheon. and as by this tine (2.45), the review having lasted fifty minutes, they had been nearly four hours on dusty ground, I have little doubt that a glass of champagne was most refreshing. Witnessing this curious scene, noticed twot Russian ladies in a carriaze, one English lady Mrs I Brine, on horseback, Sir Coln Campbell, Lord illiam IPaulet, Generals Garrett,- Barnard, and Cameron, several staff, infantry, and artillery officers, and rather a large number of Higghlanders. The moment the commander-in- chief had entered the marquee a crowd of Russian soldiers. and mounted officers gathered round to 'listen to the three - Russian bands, each about sixty strong, which pls.ved admirably,and tolookonat somec dancesgot up byfour tiussian soldiers-a clarinet, tambourine, and pair of tymbals bein6 the orchestra. One of these four, a Cossack, stood beauti fully on his head, the others dancing round lim. Thisfeats was repeated twice after luncheon before Sir William Codrington. Inside the marquee, about 48 feet long by 15, which was white tipped with green, there were three tables-two rectangular ones, and between them in the centre, a small horseshoe table. At the centr;' of this tabln sat General Lilders, having on his left lMarshal Pelissier, and on his right General Della Marmora. Next to Marshal Pelissier sat General Codrington. At the two other tables there sat General Windham, Sir Hugh Rose, and aR the staff. Sir Colin was asked in, but as he had come to the review -uninvited he declined, wutil at a> later time he was again sent for, when he made his-appear - ance, apparentlymuch to the delight of General lhiders. The marquee was lined with crimson; in the centre, roundthe pole, were bright-barrelled muskets, 'which the Russians; always hare. At one end was a shield, made out of swords,. with the spread eagle in the centre. and at the other. end a similar shield made out of ba'yonets. The tables were made of deal planks, covered with wshite table- cloths. There were DO chairs or benches, onlr campstools. As the different toasts were drunk the bansg outside played suitable ai.As; but it always struck methat the soldiers cheered at the wrong time, although their guides were four fellows placed close to the mouth of the tent. All the eatables and drinlcables conre fromx Bakcsliiserai, where General LIudeis lives, and alsothe servants, who wore black coats andwhite waistcoat6. Marshal Pelissier, in prpoDsing the Emperor Ale:ander's health, alluded to thelbra're armies that were enemnies but - are now friends. Two different kinds of bread were on the table-the black ration bread and the white bread, like calke. After the compamy had risen cigars were handed round, and several officers who had been partaking of a capital luncheon just outside, n t the end of the marqrLee, from the remains, together with others, were inmitedin.- It was close upon 5 o'clock before the allied commanders agin mountedtheir horsesv when General Liiders and Marshal Pelissier, who was smlokng, led, followed by GeneralT Della Ilarmora, Sir Zrub lRose, Gieneral Windham, abe.; Sir William Codrington ana his aides-dc-camp keeping3in rear~ amnong the e scort, whLich wras the samne returing a.s coming." _____ MitE. I~ThDSA~Y 3M£,,2 £io3 TEO rV1I Snaicr -Ei consequence of' 'the great .increase in the tradedo the Tyne the Board of Custome5have consideraLbly added teothe' staff in the Custom-hLoulse of Shields. A portion of thseafpf' pointments wrere sliven b. The y'esr to Mr. ]'indsay, usi to 3 f ng them for party pur.Dos .15s intrusted themn to a commuittee, consisting of mrere acsrts and - tradesmene of all paries in the orn interested in-thes trd of the port. Several deserving persons have- thues Ibeen . placed an respectable aitu&tions,-MaaicSr slua'ia7
MfOK7-LALABRKautid CITYINTBLIGEN CE. Wednesday Evenig. The English funds opened with comparative steadinessZs morning, and subsequently experienced an improvement of a quarter per cent., which was well maintained to the close of business. Consols for money were first quoted 92k to i, and the final prices were 92t to i for money, and 92- to § for the 8th of May. The improved tone during the day W3b attributed to increased confidence mn the strength of the Government, and also to areaction from the first anticipations as to the effect of a new loan. L;ate in the afternoon a rumour prevailed that the announcement of any such operation will be postponed until June. Bank Stock left off 'at 21 to 212A ; Reduced, 91 to A; New Three Per Cents., 91- to 92; India-bonds, l1s. to 5s. discount ; and Exchequer-bonds, 98 to i. Exchequerbills remain unsaleable, except at a great reduction, and no quotation can be given for them. To-morrow, the 1st of May, being the period for the half-yearly balance at the Bank, the transfer offices will be closed and a holyday will be kept at the Stock-Exchange. The demand for money, instead of diminishing as was anticipated, seems to increase in all quarters. In the Stock-Exchange from 6 to 7 per cent. was freelv paid to-day. At the Bank of England the applications were very ntumerous, and in the disbount-market venerally the inquiry was active at full rates. Foreign securities were firmer and prices continued to be well supported to the close. Turkish and Mexican were principally dealt in, the former at the greatest advance. Turkish Six per Cent. were negotiated at 06-& and I for money, and 96g and 97j for the account. The Four per Cent., Guaranteed Stock, was purchased at 101 for money, and 101` and 7 for the account. The other business comprised-Brailian Four-and-a-Half per Cents. Newr, 94; Ecuador, 51; Meexican, for money, 22i and s i for the account, 22k, X, and ~-8; Sardinian, 95; Spanish New Deferred, for account, 24{; Spanish Certificates, 5i and i; Dutch Twro-and-aBalf per Cents., 63k; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 93 and 93X. The corn-market was steady this morning at the tates of Monday. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were '3f. 90c. for money, and 74f. 5c. for the account, showing a further improvement of a quarter per tent. At Amsterdam and Vienna the stock-markets exhibit heaviness. A further siun of between 50,0001. and 100,0001. in Australian gold wvas taken to the Bank to-day. Subioined is a table of the fluctuations in the stock and share-market during the month just ended. The range of prices has been unusually limited, the extreme difference in Cousols having been only 1 per cent. In the previous month an advance was established of 21 per cent., and - of this has now been lost. The share-market has also been dull, and has been affected to a still greater extent than Consols by the uninterrupted demand for money, many descriptions having experienced a fall of two or three per cent:- FLUTcUrIONS Ix THY STOCE AM-D SI&n 3Lur=S DuTPSir. THE Mo.NTH o APRIL, 186- According to some tables published by MIr. Edward ihull, of Melbourne, the quantity of gold obtained from the mines in the colony of Victoria last year was 11,856,292l. Tihe amount shipped *was 10,698,708l., of which 9,552,6801. was to Erngland, 569,6521. to India and China, 568,1961. to Sydney, and 8,180t. to America and other parts. The production last year is estimated to have been 3,085,4961. in excess of that of 1854, 267,5101. in excess of that of 1853, and 3,010,50Y1. below that of 1852. The London and Eastern Banking Corporation have opened a branch at 44, Mark-lane. A meeting of the creditors of Messrs. Syers, Walker, and Co., largely engaged in the East India trade, who failed on the 4th inst., was held to-day, DIr. A. WVarner presiding, when the following statement was submitted by Mr. J. E. Coleman, the accountant Dr. To Creditors on open accounts £12,737 0 0 Creditors on bills payable not secured £5. ... ... 6,450 0 0 Iess expected to be retired by the parties for whose accountthey wereaccepted 6,200 0 0 6 0,2;0 0 0 'To Creditors on bills payable partly secured . 9. . 2,846 0 0 Estimated value of goods hy- pothecated... ... .. 65,647 0 0 To Creditors on bills payable 0 0 fully secured:- Estimated value of goods hy- pothecated... ... .. 55.273 0 0 Amount of bils ... .. 50,748 0 0 To contra . .. .. ... 4,525 0 0 Liabilities on biDs receivable 199,192 0 0 Of which it is expected there .ill be duly honioured ... 142,440 0 0 56,752 0 0 Less cash balance in the bands of Robarts and Co. ... 619 0 0 56,133 0 0 C146,319 0 0 By Cash balance in hand ... .. ... £1,504 0 0 Debtors -ood . ... 7,262 0 0 Do., doubtful.kl,9x5.7,262.0. Bills receivable on hand, office furniture, &a. 204 0 0 Estimated profits on charters 5 . 6,000 0 0 *BiLl of lading in band, valued at .......... ...1,000 0 0 Balanlces on consignmlents, estimated at .........20,273 0 0 Siurplus from goods bypotbecated against bills payable per con.tra, £4,525. £35,243 0 0 Less amounts under 101., rents, rates, &c. ... 232 0 0 £35,011 0 0 It was explained that, although this account can only be viewved as a preliminary statement, it discloses with suflicient accuracy the position of the estate. The principal losses have been incurred through the firm being large holders of produce, including rice, linseed, and jute, in addition to which there are bad debts and liabilities on bills. Allowing for the surplus of 4,5001. from goods h5pothecated against bills payable, the total indebtedness is about 141,0001., to meet which the assets represent 3.5,0001. Of this latter amount upwards of 20,0001. is receivable from two firms in India, whose means are stated to be unquestioned, while the. remainder is believed to have been estimated with a due regard to contingencies. In November last the produce the house was interested in showed at the prices of the day a large surplus, but the subsequent decline has been ruinous. Before the extent of their misfortunes became apparent they obtained Bank credits for a considerable sum, andi sent out orders to India for indigo, cotton, and other articles which were likely to be influenced favourably by the prospect of peace. The markets meanwhile advanced; and, as their limits could not be fulfilled, the profit which they hoped to obtain from this source to meet their engagements or reduce their other losses was notrealized. In answer to questions, it was mentioned that the trading of the firm commenced in 1851, Mr. M. Syers being joined by Mr. Walker, who brought in -about 2,0001. Mr. ALv. Syers possessed no capital beyond a claim on the residue of an estate in liquidation, the accounts of which have not yet been completed. BMr. D. Syers became connected with the firm in 1854, and introduced 4,0001. capital. The drawings of the partners have been moderate, but no balance -has been regularly struck. Had the war continued and produce maintained lts price, they would have been enabled, it is alleged, to meet the whole of theu engagemnents. The bill transactions with Mfr. W. O. Young were originally based on mercantile transactions, bult they latterly increased, and now showv a large total. The great deficiency wai a topic of conment, butit was stated that the books willexhibit the whole of the losses. With regard to the. ultimate winding up, it was intimated that Meswrs. Syers and Co. are quite prepared to adopt auy measures which may suit the convenience of the creditors, eitherthrough inspection,a composition, or, if necessary, immediate submission to bankraptcy. On this pdint there was a protracted discussion, and the feeling appeared to be in favour of a composition if the payment could be in some measure secured. It was stated that, considering various contingencies, lessrs. Syers, with-the assistance of' friends here and in India, may be enabled to pay 4s. in the pound, in instalments extending over -12 months, and, after some conversation, the following resolution was carried, appointing a committee to investigate the accounts, and to consider the proposal . "Resolved, that a committee of five be appointed for the purpose of investigating the affairs of Messrs. Syeis, and of rePOrting the same to a subsequent meeting, the expediency of accepting the composition of 4s. in the pound, or to determine oa the course to be taken. That the five following gentlemen be appointed:-Mr. Warner, Mr. J. Beatson, M1r. M'Kinn, M1r. IV. S. Grey, and Mr. R. ML Ebsworth." Mr. W. J. Chaplin, M.P., has been appointed chairman, and Mr. W. Tottie deputy-chairman, of the Royal Swedish Railway Company.
TRADE REPORT. Wednesday Evenmig. SUO-Ait.-The demand increases, and whatever quantity is brought to auction exporters help to take off largely.-The sales to-day were animated, and prices rather higher. The following are the particulars:,000 bags grainy 31adras, mid, to good yellow, 44s. to 45s.; very good and fine, 46s. 6d. to 49s.; white, 51s. GL to 52s. 6d.; 4,000 bags native Madras, S4s. Gd. to S6s. 6d.; *1500 bags and 36 cases DBahia, brown, 38a. to 41s.; yellow, 42s. to 45s. ; 436 hhds. W!est India were sold. COFEE.-Plantation Ceylon went off at previous rates. 180 half-frazils and 50 bales Mlocha brought Ss. to 88s. 6d. for fair greenish to good brown short berry ; and 100 bags La Gnayra, 66s. Gd. to 64s. RICc.-The public sales were large, comprising 4,950 bags and 2,000 pock-eta Bengal, 2,0 bags Bombay, and 4,490 bags liecrauzie; of the Bengal about half sold; Ballam, Ba. 3d.; Iow middling (broken), Sa. 6d. ; and good to fine whnite, 10s. Gd. to 1s. The Bombay and Necrauzie were all withdrawn, the former at 9s., the latter at 9s. 6d. for good. SALTPETP.E.-Of 1,560 bags Bengal offered onlv a smaU portion sold at 35s. to 35s. 6d. for 34 percent., the re'nainder was taken in at 33s. Gd. to 36s. for 8 to 21 percent. Subsequent to the sale 33s. 9L was accepted or 84 per cent.; 150 bags Bombay realized 29s. 6d.<per cwt. COCBn-xxL.--54 bags at public sale to-day went off at previous prices. Ten silver ordinary to good, 3s. 9d. to 3s. 10d. per nound; ten black ordinary to good, 4s. to 4s.4d. per pound; and Honduras silver, 3s. 10d. to Ss. lid. for good ordinary to middling. Tai\.-The series of sales w hich commenced to-day comprised 1,893 packages of the Assam Company's growth of various kinds, and 10,651 packages of China tea, of which 4,500 were congou, 650 souchong, 1,060 oclong, 320 scented orange pekoe, 480 young hyson, 2,080 gunpowder, and the remainder assorted. The Assam teas were not considered so fine a parcel as those last brought to sale, yet the whole were realized at fair prices in proportion. Of the 5,700 packages of China tea which passed the hammer to-day, scarcely 500 packages were disposed of, and quotations were not affected. TALLoWV.-The market is dull, at 46d. 3d. to 6d. on the spot, and 45s. 6d. for the last three months, with a fair business doing. _
STATE OF TRADE. NOTTINGHAM, WEDN ESDAY. There is very little change in the lace trade, which is, on the whole, less active than it was a fortnight ago; still there is a fair amount of business transacting. The con. tinuance of the cold weather operates against the development of the fancy trade, which promises to be active when the season becomes more geniaL Taking trade generally, however, the operatives are well employed, at remunerative wages, and business is m3a satisfactory condition. 1'he hosiery trade is in a healthy state, but high prices have operated to a certain extent against it. M.anufacturers are, how ever, firm, and, as stocksin thewarehouses areiEgh,t, they will have the advantage of demanding remunerative rates for their goods.
Cnmn,.ii AxrErsICA.-General Walker has already commenced the fulfilment of his "destiny" by attacling Costa Rica. We do not place full reliance upon the accounts which represent this State as the agggressive party in the conflict which is now in progress. We believe that when the history of the affair shal have been fully exposed it will be found that the alleged declaration of war by Costa Rica is either not a genuine document, or that it was caused by some proceeding on Walker's part clearly evincing his belligerent purposes. It will be remarked that the war, for which responsibility is thus charged upon Costa Ric, begins by the invasion of that State from Nscaragna. It cannot reasonably ce e.xpected that, uaided, Costa Rica can oppose a snecessful resistance to the bold and desperate men who have invaded her territory. The Government has some money, and, from having recognized and prodded for her debts, some credit. In these sinews of war it will have an advantage over the army of the Filibusters. But the valour of his men, their despair of mercy or escape in case of failure, their excellent weapons and their s-ill in the use of them, give to Walker a supenlorsty over his adversary, which must, it appears to us, result in his triumph, unless the issue of arms is averted by the interposition o a ower which has not yet appeared in the field. The letters addressed by Minister Wheeler to his friends do not support the accounts published in the newspapers, of the condtion of Walker's army, nor do they make anymention of the aleged combination of the other States against him in the controversy with Costa Rica. Those letters, indeed, as we are informed upon competent authonity, Present quite an opposite state of facts. Mr. Wheeler asserts that Wtalker's army is well supplied with every article that can contribute to its efficency, that it is well officered, and that the health of the troope is good. It is true that Mr. Wheeler is an interested witness, having aided to raise Walker to his present position, and having incurred the disapprobation of his own Goverment for recognizing the administration of his friend, without instructions and against the presumed wishes and well-known policy of his superors. But being in a position to know the facts on which he writes, the testimony of the Minister mnust be admitted to have some value. The power and disposition of our Government to prevent the reinforcement of the Fillibuster arnmy of Nicaragua, by recruits from the United States, have been fully tested. The attempt has been virtually abandonied; within a single week more than 500 men left New York and New Orleans, of whom at least threefourths may be regarded as volunteers for Walker. Not beIa organized in military form, they could not be interferM with, and the number of those who will follow will certainly not be limited by the action of this Government. With this source of supply open to him, the last want lik-ely to be felt by Walker is want of men. Unless prevented by foreign intervention, the invasion of Costa Rica must, it seems to us, be successful. The conquest and annexation of Granada, San Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Yucatan, and the Mosquito Coast, will follow in due course. The consummation of these purposes will be followed by certain consequences, among which may be reckoned the following :-Costa Rica is a well-governed State, which, during most of its separate existence, has bcen under British protection. Its debt is held in London. Its coffee and sugar estates are doubtless closely identified with the moneyed and commercialinterests of that great capital-the country is well cultivated, and has been peaceful and prosperous whilo all the rest of Central America has been torn by civil conflict and desolated by the furious strife of faction and castes. Is it likely that Great Britain will consent that this fair territory shall be added to the domain of Filibustering ambition The case seems a clear one for British intervention, upon the recognized principles of her policy. And when we consider the position and prospects of the united States, as mingledwith the course of events in Central America, it is undeniable that such intervention would not be unprofitable to us, thou h it might be distasteful to a large portion of our peopYe. In fact, it isperfectly apparent that the consolidation of the projected waLterian empire wil greatly endaner the connexson of the western with the middle and eastern divisions of our republic.-New York Times. TEE Mrssio ?ACIrO. -The British Government, with a noble generosity that wiU cause a thrill of grateful satisfaction in the breast of eVery American, has despatched -two efficient steamships to cruise in search of the long missint, ship. ;Whether the search be attended with success or not, the generous effort to rescue our colultry. men wiU not beforgotten.-Keo2 York Times.
ArLWAY INTELLIGENCE. EAST INDIAN. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on Tuesday at Aldermans-walk', New Broad-street; lMr. 1t W. Crawfordin the chair. The Secretary read the report, an abstract of which has appeared in The Timnes. The inLU Th- explained that the capital of the company amounted to 10,731,000., that 7,500,000!. of it had been issued, and that it was now entitled to a uniform rateof interest of 5 percent. perannum. Theyhadagreedwitn the East India authorities for the constriiction of 1,000 miles of railway, 122 miles of which had been opened last year, an2 a large portion of the remainder was in course of con- struction. The traffic for the half-year ending 3lst of De-- coember last amounted to 38,636W., and the worling expenses to 10,1401., or about 42 per cent., being a great impLovement on the previous half-year, during which the e:- penses amounted to 67 per cent. They had contracted forf the supply of 164,000 tons of rails, at 71. 1Ss. 2d. per ton, and had shipped a large quantity of them to India at a cost of 17s. 2d. per ton. The chairs and fishes were contracted for on e:pally moderate terms. In reply to questions it Was stated that the bridge over the river Soane, 4,600 feet in length, would occupy four or five years in construction, and be the -measure of time for the completion of the line to Ailahabad. The section from; the latter place to &wnpore, 126 miles, would be completed by the end of 1867. Resolutions wefe passed adopting the report, re-electing the retiring directors and auditor, and approving a bill now before 1arliament for regulating the capital of the company. Avote of thanls to the chairman and directors concluded the proceedings. GREAT INDIAN PENINSULA. The half-yearly meeting of this company was, held on Mfonday, at the offices, New Broad-street,; hr. J. G. Frith in the chair. An abstract of the report appeared in T,'e Tines of Monday. The CGmuli.tAx, in moving the adoption of the report, said he had recently read a paragraph -in 27ze Timmj relating to Indian news, in which it was stated that the contract for the ascent of the Bhore Ghaut amounted to 750,000!.; that there wero 16 tunnels, and steep gradients for a distance of 15 miles. He was glad to say that the sum mentioned included 40 miles beyond the 15 miles, making together 55 miles. They had since discovered that a saving of 80,0001. could be effected on that sum. Instead of there being 16 tunnels there would be only seven, the longest not being more than 434 yards, and the steepest gradient would not exceed 1 in 38-for one mile and a-half is. length. The whole of the contraets were within the estimate, and the cost of the undertaking would not exceed 10,000!. per mile. Mr. AYRTON, in seconding the motion, said the 10,000!. per mile included working stock, stationm and everthing. With regard to the working expenses, they would be considerbly reduced when they could avail themselves of native labour, which would not cost above one-fifth the amount of that of E3uropeans. The nativeshad alreadyconstruoted a considerable number of carriages. The railwav up the Ghauts would be completed in two years, and into the cotton-fields in four years. The report was adopted; and, after passing other formal resolutions, the meeting separated. OXFORD, WORCESTER, AND WOLVEREAMPTON. The Committee of Investigation have just issuedtheir report on the affairs of this company. It states that, proviaed.the line were completed as a double line on.the mixed gauge, additional stock provided, the branches carried out, and liabilities dealt with as proposed by the directors, the total capital would amount to ,4490,8551., of which 3,717,164W. has been received, including temporary loans, leaving a deficiency to be provided for, according to the directors' estimate,-of 781,218!. The committee recomnmend that a sum df 350,0001. be provided, and they believe that this sum will fully suffice for the works which are indispensable to the company's rosperity. They propose that the 350,000!. should be raise. on a debenture stock, of which 150,000!. shall be applicable to the purposes of the broad gauge only, and as an inducement.to the preference share-oluers to agree to the measure the,v propose to.con: vert the exsting preference shares into a guaranteedstook, entitled to . a deferred dividend warrant, Carrying interst at 5-per-cent. on any arrears of dividend, and to I capitalize the arrears up to thl 30th of June next into the same kind of guaranteed stock also to convert the existing debenture capital into additional debenture stock, to rank- pri o;assu with the new stock so to be created, and to bear interest not exceeding 5 per cent. per annum. The conimittee are confident- that, under an united, vigilant, andc active management, the railway is capable of an amount of development and extensioh second to few lines in the kingdom. MANCHESTER, SHEFFIELD, AND LINCOLNTSBIRE. The working expenses and other outgoingz of this company's railways (exclusive of the Altrincham line, stated below) have anmounted in the fortnight ending April 20 to 8,8631., mak;ing, with sie 63,177.- aread stated, a total of 72,040!. for the first eight fortnights of thAe half-year, or at the rate of 57-42 per cent on the receipts. The proportion -of the South .Tunction and Altrincham receipts accruing to this company for the first eight fortnights of the half-year Omovunted to 5,7{07!., and the expenses to 3,054!., or at-therate of S304 per cent. he - I;)NDOx, TILBURY, ANsD SOUTHEND. At the special meeting of this comPany, held on Tuesday at the London Tavern, a bill now before Parliament was approved for authorizing the directors to raise 60,Ooo0. of additional capital to pay' for the completion of a second line of rails to Southend. DEMARAR. The annual meeting of shareholders was held on Tuesday at Liverpool, Mlr. Thomas F. Bennett occupying the chair. The-report stated that tieordinance, wherebythe ranae - ment of the company- -is transferred to iUverpool, having been sanctioned by Hei Majesty, was proclaimed in the colony of British Guinea on the S'4th of Nrovemnber last, The railway had been maintained by Mr. Mnifold, -under his agreement, in a satisfactory manner; -fc.r though the traffic had not attained the estinated 20,000!. per a;nnum, the gmi 3receipts showleda. ratd of 18,00Db. parannum The. accounts comprised thg e.penditare QE about 5,O0w, onl the extension to Mahaica. - The siiildng fin for theE dation -of the colonial loan axmount6d to -3,00DL on the 1st of January last. 'A long mone'ry. qpressure had hitherto preI[cliued the issueuof tWhe-brtk'fdr 2QODOZ., a-.thorized under ;te last ordinance, but th.e shareholders were nowinvited toprofferfor them..--- - - . .. e ba,d- -Theaccounts showed.tiat-the trazc.eceio for the bdfyear eading the1st of Mlrch amu6nted to ,337r The CKAIiiAs, in maiving. the adoption of the reort: ngly advised the shareholders to subscribe foi-th 20, bOO worth of bonds, as the interest, 7A per cent., would lardly b covered by the. receipt3 of the. railway. Heaittributed -the deficiency' in the receipts, as compared-with the estimnated ainount, to have besn calsed by-the smallness of the .sugar crop Last year, and to the disturbances in the colony. onsequent on the: proceedings of the so-called "Angel GxabrieL''. The rewort was adopted, and ]Tr. W. B. Sandbacliwas elected aiiditor, and Mr. C. Holl and Mtr. S. 3Martin were re-eleoted members of the general committee. PEIBI,ES. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Peeblea on Monday,, Sir G. G. Montgomery, H.P., presiding. - The report; an abstract of which has uppeared in Xhe Times, was taken as read. - -The CHAnusXAX Said the present balances of 776?. would have yielded a dividend of 2 per cent., but they thought it more prudent to Wait tiUl the end of -the year before declaring any dividend. The North British Railway bha'vn declined to work the line, a larger expenditure of capi had been found necessary than was expecte.L He concluded - by moving the adoption of the report which was carried, and the meeting separated. LEVEN. The half-yeaxly meeting of this company took place at Leven, Fifeshire, on Molday, r. John Haig in the chair. The directors reported the complete success of the independent working of the line since the line ceaseed to be worked by the Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee Railway -Company. During the last half-year the free surplus was 1,204!., or 557?. beyond tbe full balance ,'f the -previous yaar. The directors proposed a dividend at the rate of 43 per cent. on the share capital, and the application of a sulplus of 5-21. to a reserve fund. The report was nnani-inanely adopted, and the proceedings conclluded with a vote of Thanks to the directors,. SAKBRE AND 3ESE. The directors, in their report, state thai; the balance of profit for the half-year ending the 31st of December last amounts to 11,5141., the receipts, havin- been 31,4021., and the expenditure 19,88SL After paying Z preference charges there will remain a balance of 5,4197., out of which the directors propose to declare a dividend of 3s. 6d. per ordinary share for the year 1855. RAILWAY BIILS IN PARLIAI[NT. SirTTIGBOUaRSE; AND SHEEMIMSS RAiLWAY.-The Standing Order Committee of the House of Commons have decided that the Standing Orders may be dispensed with in favour of this company, and that they may introduce their additional provision, provided that a sumn, not less than 9ne-tenTh part of the amount wvanted tobe subscribedbe depositedwitNa the Court of Chancery. O2;FORD, WpItCESTEB, AhND WOL~-RHAIPTONRAL E wAY.-''he conumittee have decided that this company may introduce the additional provision, sought for. EAST SOMERSET RAILWVY.-The commit-tee have passed the preamble of this company's bill for their proposed line, which will-'cost, according to the estimate of Mr.Brunel, 75,0001. VALE OF CLTVYD RILwAY.-The estimated expense of this undertaking is 60,0001. TRAFEIC RETURNS. -Mle. Paa- Xet- ToW, To. ;au-s. open. senrm cbadis. 1I. . Week ending April 19. Edinburgh and Glasgow .. 142 .. - .. - . 5,294 .. ,77 *Week ending April 20. Caledonian .. .. .. ... 11,327 .10,995 'North Staffordshire 7 .. .. 7.015 ,. 6,075 Great Northern .. .. 283 . - ...-21,744 .. 2,474 Week ending Apru 26. CorkandBandon .26 .. 262 Belfast andBalymena - .. 479 .. 433 . 912 829 CorX'Blackrock' and'rns- sage .. . . .. - . -.-. 179. 162 Week ending AprIl 27. tLouadhandNWorth-Western 553 .. - 5. - .. 58, '.. 8,171 London and South-Western - ..26,202 .. 40OG . 30,232 .. 14,009 t Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnabire .. .. 173j.. - . - .. 9,581 .. 9,535 Belfst and countyDow . -. . - . . 2s5 .. 262 Erclusiva of trffic due under agreement with the london and North-Western Ituwy oman t Eclsiv o te, trffc the Hoddersfleld"Canal, Shrphbire Unin, ortUnin. resonand Wyre South Junction, Mfanchl.- ter and Burcton, and Buckiiigmmslire Railwvay. t Including half of the Manchester. South Juncton, andltrinchIn receipts Gdimsby Dodck dutie3. k, and Cheaterfield Canal receipt. The following are the last returns of the gross receipts of thelrincipal French railwrays from the 8th to the 14th of
THE CO.Y TRADE. - - OORN-EXaHAIG4 WzD-zIAY. ApRm 30. The arrivals beiDg stUm moderate there is rather Liore activity in the trade. Barley and oats .how se increased tenden oy to finmne3s and. in some cases higher prices are asked. ATVAI& DUMUN, ArinL 29. There wa a brisL market at our Com-Exchange to-day for prime samples of wheat, barley, and oat.; the two former realized an advance of IsL, and the latter of 3d. per barreL Middling azd lower qualities of all were dull of sale. but not lower. Indian corn metan inproved demand, and.was fully I& Der ouarter dearer.
LiNconr' APP.i FAn.-At this fair, which lasted, as usual, a full *eelh4 there wLas a veryfull attendanoe of the principal horse dealers of the kdngclom, aud many foreigners. The show of horses was not up to the average in point of quantity- a good many had been picdked unp i the neighbourhood icefore the fair commenced. All the best horses realized high prices. Mfr. II. Hlobnes purchased for the Emperor of. Austria, a fine horse for 2451., and another for nearly the same amount, both of which were shipped'at Hull for their destination a day or two afterwards. Cart horses, althoughbroughtforwarrdinprettylarge numbers, sold well, fetching from 301. to 50. each. About 30,000 sheep were penned in the fair, which is short of the numbers shown last year. Prices ran high, hogs ranzgln from40s. tu 50s. per head; -icikedpens, 5%s. The silver cup, given by Messrs. Smith, M on, and Co., bankers, for thebest pen of sheepinihe fair, w.as agin carried off by llr.- Battersby, of Scotherne,; the average weight of ~the pen was 321b. to 351b. per quarter. The cattle trade w;as very animated and prices rided high, The abundance of grass encourgng. farmers and gra2iiersto hold stocr.d H3ops.-The total number of- acres in the districts of England under eultivatioii for hops in 1855 amounted to 57,757k. The total ainount of duty on hops of the growth of last year was 728,1831., and the total quantity of hops charged with duty in the several collections of the Itnited ldngdouni 33,221,3041b. The total quantitv of hops, the growth of the' years 1837-1854, exported to foreign countriel in'the'first half-year of 1855 amounted to 70,5161b., and the quantity'of hbps, the gro-wth of the year -1S3614855 expbrted in the second half-year to 782,34. The quantities exported included 2,OOYcwt. to the Manse Towns, 1,236cwt. to Rolland, 4,048cwt. to Belgimn, 2,543cw. to 'France, and 1,lS6cwt., tor Australia. -24,662cwt of hops were imnported into t amnited kingdom last year, of which 12,758cwt. came from the' lJiated. States, 3,SO6-from Belgiu3n, 8,240 from. -tb Ei e T!owns, and 1,628 from. Hol, landP The q nitJ tforeignhops ergecL with duty (or home coulunptifn last year aQtid to lt,
T:E 'PUBiMJC HEALTH. (From the Itegistrar-Generars Report.) -The deaths of-1,048 persons-namely, 533 miles, aha.515 -femnales-vwere registered in Londoni in the week that' nded on Saturday. TSe nmunberis almost the same as that of-the proceeding weelk. In the: corresponding woeels. of f2ie' 1Q years, 1S46-55, the average number was 1,029 Ba i6se deaths of last -veek occurred in. an increased populition; and if the average, now stated is raised proportlomnpil it becomes 1,S32. The present- state of the public- heAlth appear,, from a comparison of result3, to bIe not unfikourable. A reduced rate of mortality from diseases of the zri3otic class affords another satisfactory indication; for the deaths arising fi6m these were last week 194, while the oorriected average of corresponding weeks is 231. Typhus is the most fatal in this class at the present time, that disease with comnon fever numbering 58 caes. Hooping-coukhiwas fatal tci 34 children, croup to 14, scarlatina to 21, nleasles to 26; also smallpox to nine persons, diarrhoea o 12s The mortality from pulm6nary diseases is very nearthe usual amount at this season, the deaths from them last week having been 196, while the corrected average is 192. . of the 195 deaths, 169 were caused by bronchitis and ni'eamonia in equal proportions, the former chiefly among the old, tlhe latter chiefly among the young. Phthi-sis(or consumnption) carried off 139 persons, the average Ileing 159. - Two persons died from intemperance; 4 from 0 deliraium tremens; 9 from epilepsy; 5 from aneurism; S from Isyngitis and laryngismus strieulus; 7 from rheumatisi; 1 from carbuncle; 1 from mercurial lepra. The last ciserwas that of a water-gilder, aged 53 years, who had suffered from the complaint for a period of 9 yeaTs. Three children,Athe oldest not more than 3 years and S months, are reported to have died from suffocation. They had been left in ar;OoM in a house (92 Long-alley, Shoreditch) which cautifire during a short-absence of--their mother, and -were found on the bed suffocated by the smoke, thougi scarcely tounhe4 by the flames. Last week the births of 945 boys and 916 girls, in all 1,861 children, svere registered in London. Inthe ten corresponding weeks of the years 1846-55 the average number was 1,54L The mean height of the barometer in the wreek was 291775 in. On Sunday and 3Monday the mean reading 'was above 30 in., but from the former of these days it conDinued to fall throughout the week. The highest readiags was 30-17 in. on Sunday. The mean temperature of the xeek was 485 deg., which is 013 deg. above the average of-the same week in 38 years (as determined by Mr. Gi(alsher.) The mean daily temperature was below the average till Friday, when it rose 7-5 deg. above it, and it continuod nearly as high on the following day. The highest mm-din of the thermometer in the waeek occurred on Fridav, an) was 73 deg.; the highest in the sum on that day -wa&s 93-5 deg. The lowest in the shade in the week was 3091 deg. on Mionday; the reading was nearlv as low on Wednesdy - the range in the week was 42-4 deg. The mean dew-point temperature was 38-6 deg., and the difference between this and the mean temperature of the air wes 9l9 deg. The tomperateure of thae water of tTae Thames rose to 54-2 deg. on Saturday; theinean of the week was 50-9 deg. The wrind blew generally from the sonth-east and east till Satluday. wihen it was in the south-west. Therews no rain tiflthe end of the week, and then 0 27 in. fell.
THE SUPPRESSION OF VICE. -, TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIMES.. Sir,-In the report of the case of Dngdale against myself, in the Court of Queen's Bencb, which appears in your*m_o pression of to-day, the counsel of the society is representecl to have said that the society had declined to burn. any more stocks of immoralpublications which are seized. 'As such a statement must necessarily crea'te a most errDreous impression, may I request permission to explain that what counsel said was that the fiam which had hitherto allowed the use of its fbrnaces for the destraction of theese articleg had derlined to continue to do so on account of tne injury occasioned by the ashes of so much paper? I am happ4 to be able to add that the society has recently,.through the kindness of the directors of one of the gas companies, ob, tained the means of destroying these noxious publications. I an, Sir, your most obedient servant, H. TrU1AAD, Society for the Suppression of Vice, 57, Lincoln's-inn-Fields, April 30. SecretuT.
THE COLLECTIN OF THE TE SAMUEL ROGE.S. -The first portion of the Archaic Greek vases wajdisposed of yesterday, and realized high prices. The folioi were the principal lots .'-No. 32L A prochous, 'ith Theseus combating a Eceotian warior, armed with a shield, on Which are two doves, a warrior, and a figure in a paintea Thessalian cap standing by; 9 inches-101. 17s. 6d No. 329. An alabastron, with a male and female figure,? in Etruscan borders-1W. 10s. No. 338. A fine ribbed onochoe, with a 'wreath oF ivy round the neck, the handle beautifully ornamented with leaves, a ramn's head above and a mask of Medusa below--91. No. 339. Another, of euly ribbed ware, 'with a frieze of olives on the shoulder and three masks on the -handle and lip; IS inches-201. lOs. No. 341. A fine pelice, vitli a bride seated at her toilette, an attendant holding a wreath, a youth holding a sp culmn before a tazza, Leda 'with a swan, and Bros holdGig a cestus above* rev.,^bridegroom seated, holdingaspechlum, a draped femaie,with a cista and bunch of grapes, befo6ehim and Eros holdinga cylixabove, Grecian honeysuckle borderon black ground; a arriage vase of uncommon design, onrcbased in Apulma; 19 inches-23 guineas. No. 345. A tall amphora, with a female holcing ears of wheat and a cestus, and a youth with a disc befo:.e an Ionic column ; rev., two ephebi before a tree; 22 inches--14 guineas. NO. 346. An amphora, with the Diosetri in Thessalian caps, each ladina a horse; the same subject iepeated on the reverse -T inches-16 guineas. No. 347. A noble hy , with .ercules overcoming Nerens, who has a dolph's tail, three men leading horses on the shoulder, two dogs and a fAun below ; 1S5 inches. A verv fine design, from Signol Ciiuponari's collection-49 guineas. No. 348. A pelice, witl a 'warrior and herald in a quadri",a; rev., Hercules, lT ess, andDejanira; 169 inches-16.. guineas. No. 353. A. beautiful amphora, 'ith the bearded Bacchus in a quadrigar -;attended by a dancing bacchante; rev., the Dios'r.mr on ho*sebaok, carrying two spears earh ; an exquisite dw.gn-30 'uineas. No.36L Afinestanmos,wlthTheseus, armedwithabmeld and spear, combating a centaur, Pirithous in a palliunu and spear behind; rev., three ephebi.; 16 inches; this-interesting vase was formerly in Sir Henry Englefield's collection-20A guineas. No. 363. A very fine hydria, 'with eight horses of the Sun drinlkng at a fountain, attenled by two bearded men, three horsemen on the shoulders .xbive, and three anim,als below; 17 inches-34 guineas. IWo. 365. A small Nolan amphora, with a woman, seated; hold,ing a speculum; another, standing, holding a cista; rev.,- an athlete and a woman washing her hands at a fountairn ; fl inches-16L No. 37L Afine celebe, vith Theseus about to shoot an arrow from his bow, Proserpine, with a mastix, before him, and cutm'ia, with a how and arrow, behind'him - Pluto recelining at the foot of a tree, the symbol of the; Shades, -with one arm upraised; rev., three ephebi, on black ground; 16 inches. A very beautifil desgn, inscribed 1KATE, from Dr. Braur.'s collec^ tion, 24 guineas. No. 372. A noble hydria, waith Paris in helmet and white cuirass, his sword in :his hland, seizing the statue of Apollo, which stands on a at6ne alitar, the horses of a quadriga seen beyond a colmnn it the sides; a warrior in a quadrila attended by ive-fiures"on the shoulders; 17 inches. Tns very fine vase 'was brought to this country by Cn and, had it been perfect. would have realized a high price; it is unfortunatelyvmuch damaged, and was knockecl down at 12A guineas. go.S372. A beautiful calpis, of Nolan ware, with a eombat of two warriors, armed with speaAs and Bootian shields, a frieze of honeysaucklesround the shoulders; very perfect; 13 inches -33L IO. No. 375. A very fine and raro amphora,- a 'warrior and female in a quadriga, accompanied by male and female attendants, a warrior and a female seated both before and behind the chariot; cn the other side is Theseus slaying the Minotaur, a composition of 20 figures, entirely suroundingthe surface; beneath is a friezeof horsemen andhoplite, with Athenian and Bceotian shidelds, and a comnbat oa the shoulder above. This Tare and important -ve has a falselining and two external sponts, one above and one below, forthe purposeof coolinigthewine; itisbelievedtobeunique, andwsthegemof th`thirdday'ssale; it wentfor90guiueas. No. 37G. A tall amphora, with Theseus in a-round cap. his club upraised, leading the bull of- 'Ikrathon by a cord,; a priestess of Mnerva mina peplos, holding a prochous and a clix, before him, three draped figures behind; Grecian honeysuckrles underthehandles and on the neck; 17, inehes; formerly in PrinceCanino's collection-3O1 guineas. rNo. 377.A fine calpis of Nolan ware, a 'winged female iu a peplos, with extended arms, pursuing a itharista, a &aped malefigure behind her; very perfect; from the same collection-32 uineas. N 385. Am amphora, with Theseun combating tte Amazons, who had invaded Attica to rekcue their Queen, Antiope; one kneeling beneath him; rev., Theseus between two draped figures; 13 inches high-19 guinea No. 386. A beautiful staiuos, a race odf two, quadrigas, surrounded by birds of omen and a dog beijesth ; rev., two priests of Bacchus and two bacchantes sealted among vine branches; on the shoulderfive figuresxelixiing on couches; 9 inches high, a very fine Archaic work-5o guineas. No. 387. A fine lecythus, with a. 'arirrior fastening onhisgreaves; dinervabefore himn, arned -vith spear and shield, and two attendant. hoplites ati the side; 13 inches high-16 guineas. No. 393. IA fine stamunos, with Paris and Helen, attended by a herald and a woman; rev. Parisn armed, the device of a sooli6on = his shield, holding a cylix, Hecuba before him- -ith a 'prochous, and Priam behind; 16 inches hih-19 inwas. N 9o. 394 A beautiful (enochoe, -with Apollo ad,asesinl Hercules, who isfollowed by afaun, attended bytwo draped figures; 9 inches high. A verv fine design-20 vuems5 No. 397. An amphora, with fercules in the slkin of-,the Nem2ean lion, armed with a sword, combating: three Amazons carrying shields, on which are the devics of a bull's head and snal-e; or-e of them is kneelg gat the,ioDt of Hercules; rev. three Anazons, iith singular- d6eic-a on their shields; 13A inches high-15 guineas. No. 8: A magnificent celebe, of Nolan ware, w-ith a draped yo"th in a quadriga, met by a draped winged woman, who -,lplds up her hand to stop the driver; rev.-three eihel!; 19 inches high. Purchased ut Naples, and was the last 4addi'tion made by Mr. lo"ers to his collection of vases5-1S -. A9 i superb' crater, with a iiriestof Hinen teading PA . Atrite, attended by twro nymis, and fo "wed iby. P°ose.i; 'a'ev., a priestess pournnz aB libation auto a I cvin xeld by a wom,an wdith a lyre, and twvo other filrec I 2Crchased at Naples--4O guineaS. The entire proceed,5 ot the third dsy's-eale amuounted to 1,14(Y..
LONDON, THURSDAY, MAAY 1, 1856. In the House of Commons yesterday, on the order for going into committee upon the Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland) Bill, AIr. BitrY moved (seconded by MrL. Krniii-uy) that-the committee be deferred for six months. Sir W. SOmERvmhLE, who introduced the measure, reiterated the reasons he had assigned on a former occasion for its introduction. Lord BErnN-ARD, Sir D. NoRnEYs, AMr. NAP=,R Mr. WnmNSso1N, Mr. DEkSY, and Sir R. FERcrsoN, spoke in favour of going into committee ipon the bill, which -was opposed by Mr. J. O'Co',n, Mr. MNTAGUIRE, and Mfr. IAGAN. The amendment was ultimately withdrawn, and the House wient into committee upon the bill, being occupied with the discussion of its details during the remainder of the sitting. The House adjourned at 10 minutes to 6 o'clock.
A European Congress has other uses, it seems, than those of making peace or rectifying boundaries. It may serve occasionally the purposes of a debating society, in which the Miinisters of States happily exempt from the tlhraldom of deliberative assemblies may hold a little Parliament of their own, and, witlhout the fear of stopping the supplies, impeachment, or any of the other unpleasant incidents which wait on popular bodies, ventilate such topics as seem to themr most to require the inpress of high station and ant'nority to give them curency. The 22d Protocol gives an instance of such an externpore interchange of feelings and opinions. Greece, Italy, above all Naples, receive their share of admonition and rebuke., and are lectured according to their several demerits. But perhaps the severest lesson was reserved for a State which for the last five and twenty years has given very little trouble to European diplomacy, but has made a most gratifying advance in all the arts of peace and internal improvement. When people speak of the fature condition of the Danubian Principalities they call them by way of auspicious anticipation the "1Belgium of Eastern Europe." Possessed of a moderate and tempered freedom, lying in a position which makes her useful to every Power and formidable to none, Belgium has claims on oulr respect and forbearance which the possession of nunerous alrmies and large territories does not always extort. But Belgium enjoys freedom of the press, and therefore Belgium is the object of fierce denunciation and menace. Its newspapers contain doctrines dlistastefiul to foreign Governments, especially to France, and the writings which appear imder the shelter of her free constitution are treated by Count W,-,,TEwsxi as little less than a cc'su.s bjelli, wbich nothing but the magnanimity of his Government prevents her from pushing to the uttermost. This is the never-encling confaict between Governments which absorb thne State into themselves and Governments which, although at the head, are not the whole of their country. We had always supposed that, as between nations, the Government of one country coiuld know nothing, and recognize nothing beyond the Government of another, and we hear now for the first time of a distinction taken by a foreign Power between a Sovereign and his people. With the Government of Belgium Count WALxwsxr says he has no ground of complaint whatever. It has striven to mitigate the excesses of a press which the law does not permit it to control. But to Belgium herself Count W'ALEwsxi employs very different language. 4' We should regret," he says, "to be obliged to make Belgium comprelhend the " strict necessity for modifying a legislation "which does not allow its Government to "fulfil the first of international duties-that "of not assailing or allowing to be assailed "the internal tranquillity of neighbouring States." This is indeed new and startling language. What is it, in fact, but saying that no Government can be tolerated by his own except one wlhich leaves to its subjects no freedom of action, and thus, by the only possible mieans, precludes them from compromising the internal tranquillity of neighbouring States ? WVe have happily got rid of the Holy Alliance, but Count WAnzwsri seemas disposed to revive the absolutiist Propaganda of 1815, and to insist that the neighbours of France shall adopt an absolute Government, as the only guarantee they can give that they vill not interfere, by writing, by speech, or by action, with the existing institutions of France. If the great Powers will only join Count WATlI?wsKi in his denunciations,theywill,hethinks, so strengthen the hands of the Belgian Government that it will be able to exercise the required influence over the press. In other words, the French Minister solicits the members of the Conference to enter into a crusade against a free press and liberal institutions, and thus to give in Belgium the victory to the friends of reaction and priestly domination. The war is over, but Count WAsixwsEr invites us to a new crusade, to hunt down and root out whatever has been left on the Continent of individual liberty and public freedom, and to avail ourselves of the reunion of monarchs to curtail the rights and plivileges of peoples. . Js we happen to live in a land which has not yet been subjected to this corrective discipline, where the nation still counts for something, and tne Government, though strong, is neither omniscient nor ubiquitous; where man is neither fraineld to siibmit two degr31dg comnpi?ue nor to measure his speech and writings by the patte prescribed to him from above, we venture respectfully to dissent from the doctrine laid down' by count WALEWSKI ax to the duty of sovereigns to coerce the Belgian nation, in order that by such coercion they may silence the Belgian press. There is but little liberty anywhere; let us, at any rate, respect that remnant of a stormy past-that hope of a happier future ! If the Belgian pres3 exceed the bounds of legitimate criticism the tribunals of the country are as open to the Emperor of theFlumc xas to the meanest subject ; and, if that justice cannot from any cause be obtained, it is far better that some inconvenience should be felt than that the sword should be drawn' against a feeble State, unable to resist, and yet ashamed to submit to the dictation of its powerful neighbour. Mforeover, when Count WALewsKi protests so strongly against the anti-imperial tone ol the Belgian press he ought to remember that a portion of it, with equal impartiality, adopted the cause of the Emperor of RussIA, and that there would not have been the least difliculty in setting up another newspaper in Brussels to support the cause of the dynasty of NATO1EO2. Two centuries ago the immortal author of the Prosincial Letters, in one of the noblest passages ever penned by the hand of man, pointed out the absolute incompatibility between violence and truth. "Argument," he says, "may be overcome "by stronger argument, and force by greater force, "but truth and force have no relation-nothing " in common, nothing by which the one can act " upon the other. They dwell apart, and will con"tinue to do so till the end of time." When will the continent of Europe produce statesmen wise enough to comprehend these maxims, wise enough to know and feel that reason must be combated with reason, and force with force; that the empire of truth over the human mind must depend upon its feelings and convictions, which the sword can neither make nor unmake? A Government founded on public opinion needs no such means to support it; a Government founded on violence should seek as soon as possible to emancipate itself from the 'odious necessity of supporting one violent act by another. WVe have terminated one crusade against a Power full of ambition ancd violence; let us not commence another against men whose offence is that they are too free for the repose of their neighbours, and too much devoted to law to submit to its arbitrary curtailment.
The " Correspondence with the United States ' respecting Central Americal just published is principally occuipied with the subject of the British protectorate over the Mosquito people. The exercise of this protectorate is the principal object of American jealousy, and elicits more than any other the ingenuity and skill, as well as other less favourable characteristics, of American diplomacy. The question of the British protectorate over the Mosquito people is mainly a question of the interpretation of a particular treaty, and that a recent one. Tlere are, indeed, obscure mutterings of discontent, which takle an antecedent ground, and we are reminded of a certain treaty between Spain and Great Britain in 1786, by virtue of which, in the opinion of the American diplomatist, Spain had a right to object to our protectorate over Mosquito, which right, he adds, is inherited by MIexico as the successor of Spain in the New World. But the main ground of- objection is a certain recent treaty between ourselves and the tUnited States. The small town of San Juan de Nicaragua, commonly called Greytown, situated at the mouth of the river San Juan, was claimed and. taken possession of in 1842 by the British Government in behalf of the Mlosquitoes, who asserted their right to the place. The mouth of the river San Juan thus came under the British protectorate. The 'United States wanted the free use of the mouth of this river for a ship canal, wlich was projected in order to facilitate communication between the Atlantic and Pacific and those portions of the United States! territory lying on each. The mouth of the river San Juan thus became in 1850 the subject of a treaty between us and the United States, commonly called the CLXToN-BuLwER Treaty, in the first article of which the two Governments agree "That neither will ever erect or maintain any fortifications commanding the same (i. e., the canal), or in the vicinity thereof, or occupy, or fortify, or colonize, or assume or exercise any dominion over Nicaragua, Costa lica, the Mosquito Coast, or any part of Central America; nor will either (Government) make use of any protectionm which either offords or may afford to, or any alliance which either has or may hare vith any Stale or people, for the purpose of erecting or maintaining any such fortifications, or of occupying, fortifying, or colonizing Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito Coast, or any part of Central America, or of assuming or exercising dominion over the same." Here, then, is the diplomatic position on which the two countries take their stand, and the question is, how this first article of the CLAvToNBuLwER Treaty is to be interpreted. Mr. BucrArAw maintains that this article does away with our protectorate over Mosquito,-we deny that it does. Now, the first remark which the language, of this article suggests, and one which will occur to eve-rybody, is that this article, so far from disallowing the British protectorate over Miosquito, distinctly recognizes it, implying its continuance, and prescribing a certain line of action upon the supposition of that fact, laying down certain conditions upon which it is to be exercised, and guarding against the abuse and perversion of it. This protectorate is not to be used for the purpose of dominion, or occupation, or fortification. But it is implied that this protectorate goes on, and that there is a lawful and proper use of it, with which the article does not interfere. We must add that this was the view which the principal American statesmen at that time took of the treaty. Mr. WEBSTER, in conversation with MIr. CRAMPTON, "stated distinctly ' that he by no mean)s held that " 'the United States consiaered that from the " 'moment of the conclusion of the Colvention "of April 19, 1850, Great Britain had re"'nounced all title to interfere in the affairs "'of Greytown and Mosquito."' Mr. CLAYToN expressly denied in the Senate having made any statement to the effect that the treaty of 1850 had abolished the British protectorate over M1osquito, and declared that what he did say was, not that the protectorate was disavowed by the treaty, but that it was disarmed. These statesmen, that is, considered that the protectorate was rendered harmless by the treaty, and that with respect to one special point it was so tied that no injury could come from it to American interests connected with that point-i.e., to the project of the ship canal, w%hich was the occasion of the treaty.. BIuLt they only considered that a practical inconvenience from this protectorate was forestallednot that the protectorate itself was done away With. The next remark is, that even if this article said nothing at all implying a protectorate, it says nothing at all against it; and that, if it does not sanction a protectorate, it does not in the least prohibit it. But here we come to the term upon which the main dispute hinges. It is asserted, then, on the side of the United States that the term "occupy," if it is not. identical in mieaning with "protect," at any rateInvolves rights and powers whiclh are involved in and are necessary- for a protectorate; and therefore-tliat the article, in disallowing the occupation, dialUows tho protectorate Of Iosquite. De di Rut isthus mine_tO_hxnge upon.theme&nieg. of the word Ifoccupy,'-a meaniug which -must be ascertained and-decided by- a reference to custom 'id aiffhoritfes. . o. Now, the term 1c occupy," as used of one nationt occupying any portion of the territory of anotherL invariably means occupation by an armed force, and such an occupation as supersedes for the time the jurisdiction of the national Government. This is what we mean by the military occupation .of a country. Thus the French, ander JosEru Boe-r&PAnRE, occupied Spain; the Allies, in 1814, occupied France; and the Austrians at this moment occupy'Parma. But a protectorate does not necessarily involve the exercise of any such powers as these. A protectorate mnazy be of such a nature as to. exercise these powers. Simne protectorates may approach more or less to dominion and the superseding of the national Government; but this is not essential to the nature of a protectorate, which may exist in full and complete shape without the existence of any such powers, and without any such rights as those attaching to it. A protectorate, as Lord CxAnxNDON says, need not do anything more than " defend and protect as a temporary act of " friendship.' Its assistance may oame in when the national Government calls it, stay as- long as the national Government likes, and go when it is wanted. The formally recognized right of one State to perform these acts of friendship to another constitutes a protectorate; and such a protectorate as this is not in the slightest degree initerfered with by the CAToN-Bu-w-r Treaty, which obviously ancd expressly only excludes the " assuming or exer"c eising dominion." In what way, then, does our present position towards Mosquito violate the CLAYroN-BuLwm Treaty ? What are we doing which comes into anything like collision with the terms of that treaty? We -do, indeed, profess to maintain a protectorate over that territory, and a protectorate is by the very terms of the treaty recognized aud allowed; but are we "erecting or maintaining "fortifications, or assuming or exercising domi- "nion" over MIosquito ? It is not pretended that we are. A British Consul resides at Bluefields, who may occasionally give his advice to lis Mosquitian MIssEsrT. Are we to withdraw him ? Does the treaty say anything about this ? If it is said that we do not observe the treaty will Mr. Bu-HNAN, or any one else, tell us how we are to observe it, and what particular act we are to do for that purpose ?
Of all the branches of the Civil Service the Postoffice perforlms the greatest amount of work, possesses the most perfect organization, and obtains the largest share of public interest. Not to dwell on the fact that the postman's knock is connected in oiur minds with a thousand associations, there is something pleasant in thinking of a great public service executed as never was public service before-all the intelligence of a mighty nation astir, and noiselessly conveyed from point to point. Some idea of the work may be formed from the circumstance that it gives employment to 22,000 persons-a greater number than that of the Customs and Inland Revenue Departmients put together-and that the letters carried during the past year amoiunted to 450,000,000. The work, too, isannuallyincreasing in magnitude; last year it was 13,000,000 more than in 1854, 46,000,000 muore than in the year before that, and 374,000,000 more than in 1839, when the old system of postage was in force. The labour thus rapidly multiplying on their hands, the Post-office system is not allowed to 'sink into a dead routine; every year calls for increased exertions-new hands, new arrangements, more post-offices, more pillar-letterboxes, more nailcarts, more deliveries. The object is not simply to dispose of an increasing number of letters; it is much more ambitious-it is to dispose of them with even greater speed than before. Henice a growing preference for railways, hence travelling post-offices, hence the apparatus for exchanging mailbags, hence the amalgamation of the two sets of London letter-carriers, district and general; hence the use of perforated stamps and many little contrivances to facilitate the work. And the POSTASTrER-GENERA:, in his second annual report, aMnounces still further improvements as in progress. It is even proposed that model lodging- houses shall be erected for the sorters and carriers a in the neighbolirhood of St. Alartin's-le-Grand, so that they may be at hand for any emergency, and that the health of the men may be insured-an important point at all times, but especially so in the miidst of epidemics, to which the carriers are peculiarly liable, from their constant exposure to the weather. But the principal points which the POSTrsrASTrEP-GRXNEnL discusses relate to the more rapid delivery of London letters, and to the cheaper conveyance of the mails by railway. London has grown so vast that it has at length become necessary to break it up into several towns, each with its own post-office. It is to be divided into ten districts, each of which will collect and distribute its own letters. Thus, instead of a letter from Cavendish-square to Grosvenor-square being taken to the city and then back to the Westend, four miles one way and four miles the other, it will pass in a direct line through the Cavendishstreet post-office to its destination. When it is known that on an average no less than one-fifth of the London district letters are intendecl for delivery near to' the place of posting, the advantages'of this scheme will be duly appreciated. Its object, however, is of more than local importance, for it is proposed that the country as well as the town letters shall be sorted in these postoffices, and distributed clirectly from them. This will not only insure an earlier delivery of letters, but also a better supervision of the letter-catriers. For the carrying out of this scheme the PosT31ASTER-GB4NERAL appeals to the public for co-operation. The assistance he expects from them is in getting their letters properly directed. It seems I that in the first morning delivery there are not less than 481 letter-carriers, each with a separate walk. As it is impossible to divide the letters at once among the 481 earriers, the practice has long been to sort them first according to districts, and to subdivide these again according to the walks. Now, what is wanted is, that the public should assist the Post-office to assort the letters according to the ten districts into which the metropolis is to be dividedl, so that, for example, a letter intended for Hill-street, Berkeley-square, shall be directed simply " Hill5s street, W." (Western District). In this way al innniense amount of time maybe saved. All the London letters may be arranged into districts, partly at the larger provincial offices, and partly on the railways, before even the mails reach town, and the bags may at once be forwarded to the district postoffices, and the distribution be everywhere comipleted before 9. o'clock. In carrying out this object, however, the Post-office authorities expect the cooperation of the Board of Works as well as of the public; ThelBoard of Works has power to change the names of streets when there are more than one of the same name in the metropolis, and the PosrhAsTsaGynNERAL is anxious that it should act up to its powers. It is rather perplexing to choose out of thirty-seven King-streets and twenty-seven Queen-streets, and,--judgingfror1the report of theirrecent proceedings, we suppose that the Board of Workl; will soon direct our streetmakers to be a little less loyal and a little more practical. The p ;e _ap enIe of the ?° systenm theauthoritie=areAnaous to diminsa bylowering the rates given to railways. .he T rh nngumt which they urge against the railway companies is very ably put, and, if the facts are rightly stated, ieem to' be suifficiently cogent; 'but -we should like to hear the other- side -of the question, and. especially when - we find the Post-office needlessly overstating the case in its own behalf. Complaints have been made that railway companies are underpaid for conveyance of mails-the Inspector-General of Mails declares that.. they are overpaid, and so very much overpaid that the sums disbursed by the Post-office for the use of only a fraction of the train exceed the whole cost of running by from 60 to 260 per cent. Mr. PAGE bases this calculation upon a statement which he attributes to Mr. ROBERT STErascON, that the cost of-running a trainmaybe assumed in most cases to ba about 15d. per mile. If 3r. S:rIE NsoX made that statement we can only say that his word is of great authority, but that it happens not to agree with the published accounts of all those railways that have announced their worlding e:;penses per train mile. The expen3es of the Great Northern are 2s. 2d. per mile; of the Londoni and Brighton, 2s. 10d.; of the South-Eastern, 3s. 4d.; on which last line the Post-office pays for the carriage of the mails 2s.3d. a-nile, the average rate which is charged to it on all the railways being only lOd. - But, apart from this special pleading, Mr. PAGE brings forward some facts that tell in hiis favour, and it is certainly strange that a system of travelling which, for. the public at large, has very considerably reduced the cost of the conveyance of passengers and goods should have precisely the contary effect as regards -the conveyanca of nmails. The fact is, that Parliament had the foresight to stipulate for certain moderate charges for passenger conveyance, while no such provision was made for postal carriage, and the result is that, even when a hundredweight of mail has been forwarded in charge of the companies'-not th-e Postoffice-guards, and by an ordinary train, the rate demanded has been as much as 7d. a-mile.
Our notice of Tuesday's proceedings at Chelsea was necessarily very brief, because the proceedings of Monday, -which were far more important, were obviously involved in the same remarks. Lord CxADIGAx's case, however, isnot yet so completely closed but that explanation on a particular point might still be attained. It appears that Lord LuoAN, the chief, and Lord CAmDIGAN, the second in command of the cavalry in the Czimea, were so fearfully at odds that it became necessary for Lord RAGLAN to denude Lord LucA%N of all comnmand over his subordinate officer. In such a case as this rhetoric can never supply -the place of facts, so here are the ipsissima-verba- of <lorda LuCA - "Lord Lucan said he had beenrequestef by Lord RaBglan not to interfere with the duties of the Light Brigade. Perhaps he might mention. a circLrmstance that occurred illustrative of this. Onemorning he ieceived a notice from Sir Colin Campbell that they wero threatened with an attack in the rear. Upon this he sent an order to the Light Brigade to approach him, but to niove slowly, because he had sent to Lord Rsaglan to ask his authority for the movement. IK'extday he received an order from Load Ea.-an on no arcount whatever to exercise any authority over the Light Brigade." Lord LucAx, be it remembered, -was the General in command of the cavalry, and such were the ternis on which he was living with his subordinate. Starting from this point, we proceed to the sufferings of the Light Brigade from want of forage. The great difficulty, as admitted both by Lord LucAN and Lord CARDicaA, was that of bringing downthe cavalry so great a distance as Balaldava to carry up their own forage. Now, we find in our impression of yesterday that the JuDmcADvocATE, on behalf of the Board, inquired of Mr. Cr.ooKsn:x, the Assistant-CommissaryGeneral, whether he was not of opinion that if the Commissariat had brought -up forage half-way the Light Cavalry could have brought it the remaining distance ? Neither MIr. Cioo;sHAfNa nor the Generals had ever thought of such an ex-pedient. For them there was no such thing as a half-waynmeasure between starving the horses and sending divisions down for forage to Balaldava. We wil confine our remarks to the: cases of the Generals, for it is they who are upon their trial. At the timo the Light Brigade were starving, Lord' LuCAN was stationed on the plateau near Lord RAGLANS, and about half-way to Inkermann. The brigade under his commLand then consisted of abouit S00 effective horses. Re vas called upon to flunish about 100 men for pickets and 200 to carry his own forage; 500 horses and their riders were lunemployed. Nolw, what we want to know is this,-why midght not, say, 50 horses have been spared to canry up the forage of the Light Brigade when the Commissatriat had not the means of doing so ? In the mouth which followeed the period of which we are spealking they managed to fiuish between 300 and 400 horses. for the much heavier' duty of carying up provisions for the men in camp. The relief might, of course, have been afforded, but who was to descend first from his stilts? Was Lord CAaDiGix to ask Lord LuCAN ? Perish the thought ! Was Lord L-uACN to make the offer to Lord CARDIGAN ? That is asking too much from human nature. Was the. Assistant-Commissary to interfere? "He that in " fights,". &c.-we need not quote the old proverb at length. We desire, however, before it is too late, that a qiiestion should be aslked at Chelsea, by somebody or other-we care not 'by whom-which would elicit from the witnesses an answer to the question -whether or not the cavalr under Lord LucAN\ might have come to the assistance of the cavalry iuder Lord CORDIGoAN? It would be also satisfactory to learn, whether the holses of the Light Cavalry Brigade could not, by divisions or sections-we do not nse the words in a military sense,-have accomplished half the distance between their station and Balaklava for the purpose of obtaining forage, even if the whole distance involved too great fatigue to their endeebled condition. The disputes between AGAhMEMNO2N and Acuamns before Troy were all well enough; but really, was the efficiency of the British army to be sacrificed to the private dissensions of the Earls of LUOIA? and CAaDiGAw ?
A Cabinet Council was held on TMesday at the residence of Viscount Paluerston in P?iccadilly. The 1inisters present were-Viscount Palmerston, Earl Granville, the Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, the Earl of C'larendon, TNIr. Secretary Labouchere, Lord Pamnure, the Chancellor of the iExchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stan-ley of Alderlev, the :Duke of Argyll, and the Right Hon. ML T. Baines. The Council sat an hour. SrsGUnaR Accrnnir.-A singular accident happened to the Simla steamer, which went to the naval review last week. As she passed the station of the middle buoy in the Solent the buoy was found to be missing. The Simla anived off Southampton without anything apparently the matterw%ithher3 -but while at anchor she did not sin wi the tide. Soundings were made, and it was founn there wvas plenty. of water to enable her to swing. A diver was sent down to exiamine her, -when he found the chain of the middle bioy coiled round her screw. She is unable to proceed to the Crimea until she is docked in consequence of this accident. Ar LiGDir -Considerable excitement was caused in the town of Lewes on Thursday morning by a rumour that a young man named latthew Gladman had met with his death by faDing into the soil of a watercloset, the evening before, on tle premises of Dr. Smythe, Highstreet. -It turned out to be too true. It appears that the poor young fellow incautiously went to the watercloaet in the dark. He found that the door was fastened with a rope, the boards having been tak-en up preparatory to the cesspit in connexion with the closet being cleaned out. Tht rope he appeals to have udntied, and to have tmnbloe at once into the soil below. The body, on being extricated, was wiped dy, and galvanismn applied, but, in vain. It is the opinion of tho medical attcndant.that asphyxia by tho tuilphuretted hydrogen gas eqused1. In nrhat* s ~&dstb-
RQUM'OWh LP.. The Queen had a dinnecr party on Ttey The coopn included her Royal Hikes hf Ket5t'h and~ ~ ~ ~ mes h Dachhes of Rean P theD French Ambassadormad t'he Countessde Persiny, the Duke and Duchess of 31auche3ter,;L,a_Taymy~Howard, Earoness de Spaeth, the -Earl anzd Coenctees of lichBed, Adairal Junrien de la Graviar (French niperiw avy), Sir George Couper and Major-General Wylde. Te band of theRoyal Horse Guards Wu in attendance drngdeinner. Her Maesty's private band ateward at-. tende in Buckingham Palace. The Prince of Wales and Prince Aufredi visite ]Weigrg. Cloweses printing establishment in Blackfriara on Tuery. Yestrda znonin his I'oyal Highness PrinoeeAlbert.pre-. sidecl at 2a meeting of the, Commission olf the 2Patriotic-y.= at'Westminister Palace. His Royal Hli.hnees arrived at 11 o'clock, attended by Colonel F. H. Seymnour. The Corn. rnissioners present wer&-4he Duke of Newoastl;, thel Earl of Chichester, Earl Gray, Lord Colchester, Lord, St. leonrd's, the Bight Hon. Sidney Herbert,- P., the ht Hom3LH. Lo z Co rry, M.P.,t h e Righ t Ron L Ve rn cy ?Zth, 3LP,, the Right Hon. Sir J. Palkngton, M.P., Colo-el the Hlon. J. Lindsay, M,P- the LordMayor, Sir Roeit hfisk. morton, Bart., Sir John Buroyne, Bar., Sir Hew D.Ro Sir S. IL Peto, Barb., Mr. J. G. Hubbard. and Mdr. J. Wn. son Patten. Captain E. G. Fishbourne, R-N., and Lienta. nent-ColonelT. J . Lefroy, R.A,Hon. Secretaries, atteemied. The meeting brokeup at a-quarter past1 o'clock. The Princess Royal and the Princess Alice visited West. minster Abbey, and the Princesses Helena andLiuisatook a carriage airing. Her Majesty took a drive in the afternoon in,an open car. riage-and-four,- attended by the Marohioness of Efy. ,The equerries in Waiting attended on horkelack. His Ryyal Highness the Prince Consort rode out, atteidea by his Eq6erry. The Queen gave a concet in the eveiing at Bacnnghacm Palace, at which the following assisted-vi. kesdasmeg Novello, Viardot, BoDSo, andDidi6e, Signors Gardoni and Ronconi, Mr. Sims Reeves, and HerrForrnes.n - - The Foreign Ministers and a party of the nobilit ani gentry were invited to the number of abeut 30. ; Her Royal Higbness the Duchess of Kent, attended by Lady Fanny Howard and Lord James Murray,. arrived at the Palace at a-quarter past 9 o'clock. Their Royal Righnesses the Dachess of Cambridge anc the Princess Mary, and his Royal Highness the Dalce o£ Cambridge were also present. The general company began to arrive at- the- Pala at 9 o'clock, and were ushered into the Picture GaUlery. 'Her Majest and his Royal Highness Prince AlTert. accDmpanied by their Royal Highuesees .the Duchess of Kent, the Dachess of Cambridge, the Princess Mary, :and the DuLe of Cambridge, passed from the White Drawing.- room at hall-past 9 o'clock, and entered the Grandl Saloon, whilch wa3s prepared for the concert. The company assembled in the Picture Gallery. folu6wed the Quleen and the Royal partyinto the saloon, andthe !concert commenced.- The following had the honour of receiving invitations His Serene Highness Prince Edward of Same Weimar mnd the Countess of Dornburg;l his Highness the Malharajah Duleep Singb, the Freich Ambassador and the Couiiteis da Persigny and the First Secretary of the Embasiy, the Turkish Ambassador and MIadame Mfusurus and the Coun. ciUor of the Embassy, the Belgian Irinister and Madaime Van de Weyer, the Bavarian Minister and Bironess da Cetto, the Hanovarian Minister and the, Countess Helene Kielnmisegge, the Portugaese 3Minister and the Countes3 de Lavradio, the Greek Minister and Madamse Tri COUDi, the Danish MIinister and Madame d'Oxholm, the Svwedish and Norwe'ian Minister and- B3aroness de Hoohschhld, the -Braxion- Minister and Madame; de Carvalho Moreira, the Hanse Towns .ianister the Saxon Minister, the Peravian Minister, the PrUs1iar MTinister and CountessdeBernstorff, the Sardinian Minister, the Spanish Minister, the United States! Minister and Mtrs. Dallas, the Austrian Cnharg dcl'Affaires, the Mexican Charg6 id'Affaires, the Sicilian bhargd d'Affaires, the Haytiant I Charg- d'Affaires, General Barreiros, le Commandeur and Madame Paito de Soveral, Major-General Baron Smolsoa Captain Wissial, Colonel Wurmb, and Count de Elahafdt. Anccnccsnors.-Canterbury, Armagh. Duicss.-Somerset, Devonshire, Cleveland, Grafton, Bedford, Euo. clench, Sutherland. Argyll. Pichinond, Hamilton. Wellington, New. castle, NorthumberlAnd, Montrose. Athol. Dun:rsssxs-Invernees, Wellington, Hamplton, Montrose, North. ninberland, Sutherland, Argyll, Grafton,Athol, Buecleuch, Somerset7 Richmond, Bedford. aliicss .-Hnontley Laniowne, Landonderry, 13sndforl. Abercorn, Breadslbace, Ely, Stafford, Clanricarde, KUdare. | MAi^icmSIonrs~x-HIaetlngs, Kildare, Clanricerde, Ely. Londoni der-y, Stafford, Huntley, Abercorn. B3landford, Breadlbane. E-AxULs.-Aberdeen, Albemarle. Ezlinton, Elgi Ellenb3ronghr; Gaineborough, Deeart Chiheer, Jers. Caithesr Veanlor, WCiawor Beasbornugh, Denbi,,4. Derby. aresod, IaZrroivby, Cla3rendon, Grey. Dalkeito, hlorch, Staffcrd. Verolum n, Do Las Warr. Grauville. MoJnt Edgoambe, 31or on. Sdencer. Musravee. Sits Wilriam. Cardigao, CamPerJoasn, Westruorland, E:llesZmere, Malmesbury St. IGer. Zmans, Hlowe. Coun-rsnee-Granvllle, Han-owiby. Clarendon. 3Kerry, Dei-Li V'arr, Derboy. Gainsborougb, De33rt4 Chichester, Verulam,. Cawrdor. Jersey, Hlorton. hlount Ed>cunshe. Etlesmnere, St. Germans, Camnperdown, mar-h. Harewood, Bes3borough, Mulgrave. Albermale, West. morland, Wilton, Howe, Yarborough, Spencer, Caithueas, Grey. ViscoSrSSm-Hawarden, Hardinge, Xlonck, Combermere. larring. ton. Sydney. VISCOVsrxES.-Sydney, Barrington, Hardinge, CombiU=cr4 liouck. Brsnor-Chester. osns.-Camnoys, Watepark, Dufferin, Churchill, ac31dooald, TIU ford, Lyndhnrst, John Rtussel, Fobrartl, George liennox, Byron. eondeeborough4 Fever3bam, Aabburton, Weosleyd.ale, Brooghton. Craoworth, btcley of Aldeidey, Wodehoose, Robert Groirenor. Hieyteebuoy. P'nmure. ltedrsd ale, brer3tone, Ossniaton, Alfred Pogot, E!rnest B.-uce, JamesMurray.- BAr.o.sxssxs-Keith and Nairne, Windsor. LAnixs-Olivia OssuIe'one, Overstone, Fanny Howa.tL Georlazna Bathors, Augusta &ymnomr, Churhil, Emily Seymour, Macdosald SamlhSpeneer, ooui. Hamilton. Clar, llokelb'. Joiun,.usesell, Wenaeydae.Xe Bowatre, ERmma Stanley, Geraldin' Somnerset. EmilyPel. Wodehou,e, Dover, Hall, Mary Ialiouchere, Grey lary WSood Cranwvorth, Pobert Grosvenor, L.yodhuret. Stanley of Alderley, Grh3m. Ernest Bruce, Lilford, Gardiner, WVatorpa3rk.; George Lenno.x, Alfred Paget. Bymo,l Camoys, Connmer, Feveranam, Burgoyne, rFl.ohe-,ley RussDelL Cirelinellarringtoo, TimereaIewvis. BrGur HoNouniLAmus.-C. Shar Lefevro, T. 'eamberton Teig Sir G. C. Lewsi HE Laboucbere, WE. . Gladstonc, B. Dleree.'a, 2T. Baies, Sir G. Grey, SirO. Wood, Sir J.RomiDy, Sir B. Hell iLVernon Smith, C. P. 'V;Diers, W. G. Ha-ter, SirLJ. Grahim, T. B. Msaculay. HoNouLAnLrs.-Coloel A. iLiddelL Mm liddell, Colonel .. Macdonsld, Lady Cust, Colonel A. Gordon, Alfre Gordon. Colonel C. D. Phipps.3Mor Phipps, Captin9 :. Den-n, 7&e. Denuan, Admiral G. Campbell Mrs.. Campbell Mil,ritford. Mary Sermour. Genal C. Grey. Mas. Grey, Uiss Mauls, Xdily Catheart, uharles Gore. BAMONTESS.-De Speth. Sins.-Jamesa ar., George Couper. Robet IPeel, JobuLogic.. Da:x.-Of Windsor. vxRsm Dooros.-Pbnpott. RzvYnsxDs.-H. 3L Birch, Lord Wriothe3ley RusselL 3UNmm s-Gibbo, Glover, Thomas G. BAring, F. Symotur, Farqg. baon, of Invercauld. -rramxss.s.- Grabam. Bircb Gladstone, Disrael, Shaw Lefero. vernon Smith, Hayter, Baies, HomePunrves, Farquhrson (ot Ilaveccauld), Philpott. Mrssmu-Burdett ContLt Mary Barnincton. Seymour, Sumner. GENsxnr-Hou. Sir R Cdt, Sir E. rowater, Wylde. Sir It, Gardiner. Sir George Bovwes, Hon. C. Yorke, Sir John Burgoyne. Coaos-:r.s-Biddilpb. F. H. Seymour. MA.On.-Homoe TurviL LTEUrxmrs?Tr.-Cowel. The following had also hle honour of being invited, but owing to domestic afflictions aud other causes, were prevented from obeyinE Her 3ajesty'scommands-.-Lordand Lady Carrington, Viscount and Viscountess Palmerston, the R.ight Hon. W. and Mrs. Cowper, the Earl and Countess of Shaftesbury, Earl de Grey, Mr. and Lady Mary Vyner, Viscount and Viscountess Ebrington, Right Hon. J. and Mrs. Stuart Wortley, Admiral Sir Jamesand Lady Emily Dundas, Lady Polsirth, MiIr. Hallam, Marquis and Marchioness of Exeter, Marquis and Marchioness of Waterford, Marquis and M1achioness of Westminster, Dowager Lady Lyttelton, Earl of Tarhorough, Lord -St. Leonard's, Duke and DuLchless of Boanfort, Duke of lnutland, Lord ana Lady Portman, Lady RomMly, Lady Codrington, Lay Ashburton, Earl of Ilchester, Archbishop of York; and Hon. Mbrs. Musgrave, the Netherlands Minister, ;1rs. Baring, Duchess of BuCcinigham, Duchess of Cleveland, Countess of 1almesbury, Countess 6fEIgin, Captain Yelverion, Lady Londesborough, Archbishop of Dublin and Mrs. WVIhateley, and Mr. Henry Greville. The following was the programme:- PAISTE PRIMDAL Quar,etto, " Wb,n the Wet"-,4tesromea Novello and Viardot, M. Sims Reeves and Herr Formes .. .. MencdelMohn Duo, " Psrigi o car& laaceremo"-Madlme Bosio and Signor Gardoni (La Trariata) . : . VerdL Air, "AiL lee so unurn-Madame Novello (Beatrioe di Tends).. . .. . .. . .. . BUs Evening Prayer.` Tbis right I lift moy Reari' Madame Viardot, to. G o Chores of Angels, ' .No Evil rhal befall Thee;;-ie-- dames Novello, Didile, andViardot, end Mr. Sims Reeves (E li)........... Coats Duro, "Dove moal trovArlo"-hIadame iioeo DaaSgnor Sinorni (Glira i od Clondion .. .. MesderaedaV o Air, *Dala enus pare"-M. Sims R eeves (Dn Juan)H.. Xozart, Quinteoto, "Foi r eonlien"-Melodame Botio nlioveUo,d aold Voanrdot. Signor GRaurdoni, and Herr F ormoes (L'Btoile do-Sord)-. . .. . . .3eyirrbecr. P,Ap.T SEON1DA. Intrnzodursl"tlone, 'Aa den itx"l-Madamec Novella, Signeri ABardconi acd rcsaroim MBedatnes Viardot and Didrice, r. Sims Reeves, and Herr MForms, (Most, In Egitto) -. .. .. .. . orr irl; Air, "D'.Amoor snll'all"-MIade BSode (11 Trovtore; Verdi,E Duo, " On yen Strnmnlet's Yellowv Strand"-31adan,o Duo, "Aiens enrore"-es5danses Znlictra^^ud Viardot, Rn&esox and Didilo ¢a Mlacon) .. . ...-. Auber. Bied, "Undlegtihre-Herr Formes (Spielman's liel) Gumbert, Trio. Dans ia facor" oser and Visirdot, Duo, "Isa dove Drende amer nleetto'-lHadam N;ovella and Signor Ronconi (Flanto ragice) -,. Morsart. Finale '4Alzam gl evviva"-Tntti (Eryanthe) ,. Webir Mor. Costa presided at the pianoforte. Refreshments wvere served to thecompany between -the parts, and at the close of the performance supper war served m the State Dinner-room. Mxrs. Henry Eden and Major-General Sir Frederick Love,' KC.B., Lieutenant Governor of Jersey, were among the company who were present at Her Majests Drawimg-room on T'uesday. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent visited her Royal Rlinahuess the Duchess of Glovester yesterdlay at Glocester jionse, Piccadilly. A committee of the Governors of the Weingtion College was held yesterday afterntoon at the PaLace of Weatminster, to make arrangements for the ceremony of laying the fLrst stone of the College by the Queen on Saturdaythe 3dinst. Present,-The Earl of Derby, the Right Hon. S'.pancer Walpole, the Rev. Mr. Gleig, Mr. Cox, and Mr. Cha-ce, the secretary. A depntation of members of the Homse of Commoos coTP' nected vith.Glamor ranhire, consistingof 3r. Talbot,X P., Sir G. Tyler, 31.P., ~iessrs. L. L. Dillvyn, xrP., H. A Bruce, MLP., and H. H. Vivian, 3.LP., had an interview w"ith Sir G. Grey yesterday at the Home-office, to present & memorial of the Justices of Glamorgwnshire, prayag-that fuo judges migght in future be appointed to hold tho .hMsia in that county instead of one, as at present. - Among the presentations at Her Maje s DIriang-roomn on Tuesday last the namo of Mrsm EdwArd BunnY was erroneously printed " Buinny._ BIt. BRIGHT, yy.P-We learn with regret thatthe hopes: atelllheld out et Mr. Bright's speedy xestora. tion to health were not well fcounded, andthat iti s now cer tain a lengthened period of repos and abstineniee fronm business of any kind will be necessary- before the hon. maemblr wi, e ab1> to rwmoe hids ?rliSne U47 i.i, SQ- -
- THE WEAT INVDIES MEXICO, - AXfD IPACIFfIC. - - * ' ' SOUTHAMPTON, Ap1tn 30. ' By the DRoyal Mall steamship Magdalena, Captain G4. Abbott, wvith the West India, Mexican3 and Pacific mails, in charge df Lieutenant Kemp, IB.N., -Admiraltyr agent, we have datea from ff. The Magdalena brings 215 passengers, among whom are Major Cowran and Dr. WVatson; and on freight $931,3-7 in specie, say 1l6,0001., $10,500 -value in precious stones, and a cargo consisting of 129 cases of cigars, 259 bales of tobacco, 79 bales of marsaparilla, 1 package of vanilla, 4 live turtle, 5 eases of succades, 227 bales of bark, and 97 packages of sundries. Oar correspondent's letter and usual files of newspapers from Jamaica have not been received by this pack-et. We are, however, informed that there is little to notice, and commercial matters remained a3ubstanti311y the same. InteDligence from Demerara is to the 8th inst. thre Court of PolEcy had been much engaged in the discussion of the Sill to Amend the Militia Ordinance, but, owing to its objectionable clauses, it was withdrawn in order that an entirely new bill might lbe brought in. This bill provided for the calling out of 330 men out of the number carolled. Out of these there will be a voltinteer rifle corps about 100 :strong, a volunteer troop of cavalry, not exceeding :30 men besides officers, and the rest will be balIoted for and will constitute the militia of the line. A bil to provide for the better regutlation of the villages in the colony has also been introduced. The Bolal Gazette says:- "It isa measre which is much required. The Nillages in this colony are all irore or less in a wretched condition, and in the rainy season are flooded with vwater, while the roads are absolatcly impassable. To remedy these evil, and to bring the v$llnges into something like order, it is proposed that the titles to property, which at present are in a state of reat confusion in the villages, shall bo determined by two Iutices of the peace appointed by the Governor, and two commissioners elected by the villagers. fter this preliminary step has been accomplished, the properties will be m-ated and each proprietor will have to pay so much per mnonth towards carrying out th purposes of the ordinance -namely, the drainap of tho Nillage, repairs of the public rToads, bridges, &c. (ne of the two commissioners is to be entitled the Mianaging Commissioner; they are to hold offico for six months, but are elig7ible for re-election, and they are to be paid at the rate of i1O a-month. We have no doubt that 'he comfort and happiness of the villagers will be greatly.improved when this measure comes into -Dperation." A deputation from the town-council of George ~rovn, accompanied by an American gentleman named Allen,the representative of a water company i NeY York, had been exploring for the purpose-f discovering a source for siipplying the citymith fresh water. The explorers were of opinion that an iiexhausti'ole supply of pure fresh water might be obtained from the upper basins of the Laltuni. This supply would be rendered available by deepening and -widening the Lnanaha canal, and ;by cutting a nevw canal from the head of the present canal to the uipper -waters of The Lahmui. The estimated expense of the undertakingi would be about $140,000; and for distribution throughout the towvn by means of pipes, engines, &c., i13 5,000 more. The total cost of the -water supply would, tlherefore, be about S255,000. The electric telegraph on the Demerara Railway was completed as far as Plaisance. Her MVajesty's ship Vestal, from Barbadoes, had sailed from iDemerara, for Antigua, to be repaired. The weather continued exceedingly dry. During the fortnight a few partial showers had fallen, but not enough to moisten the ground. The trenches on the estates were all dried 'Lp, and the canes were suffering severely for want of water. Business among the merchants was dull, and freights were low and produce sCarce. The exports for the fortnight are :-Sugar, 957 hllds., 49 tierces, 269 barrels, and 243 bags ; rum, 820 puncheons, 119 hhcds., and 47 barrels ; molasses, -260 puncheons; cotton, 135 bales. Barbadoes intelligence reports that several plantalion fires had taken place during the fortnight throughout the island. It was presumed that these fires were attributable to sparks wafted from boiIin -lhouse chimneys, and the weather being very dry the slightest particle of firewou-ldd cause instanta- teous ignition. The weather continued favourable for sugar-making. The yield is reported variable, butn thle sulgar was of good quality. The followsmng is the quantity of produce shipped :-Sugar) 14,039hhds., 1,0S5 tierces, 4,731 barrels-equal to 15,403bhds.; molasses, 2,333 puncheons, 20hhds., 79 barrels; rum, 553 puncheons, 74hhds. The young cane was growing well, but rain was much wanted. Twvo soldiers of the G9th Regiment and a convalescent lunatic of the 2d west India Regimnent had beeni drowned while bathing.
THE PACIFIC. SOUTHAMPTON, APRIt 30. 'By the Royal Mail Company's steamship Magdalena, with the WGest India and Pacific mails, we receive our usual files of newspapers and despatches, with the following dates Irom the Pacific ports :-Valparaiso, March 16 ; Coquimbo, BIarch 17; Caldera, March 18; Cobija, March 20; Iquique, Warch 21; Arica, March 21; Islay, March 22; CaUlao, Mdarch 27; Payta, 3March 30; Guayaquil, March 31; and Panama, April S. The Pacific Steam Yavigation Company's steamship New Grenada, with dates from Valparaiso to the l.th ult., tLima -the 27th, and Ecuador the 31st, arrived at Panama on the 0th inst. A frightful gale had been experienced at Valparaiso, and, although the principal portionof the shipping in the harbour Fortunatelyescapedinjury, yetthree smalivessels -were driven on shore and several others received damage. The fine iron mole of Conzero and Garland was swept away, causing a loss of $200,000. A tremendous rain fell during the storm, which it was feared bad done great injury to the crops. The official report of exports from Chili present somevwhere about the fellowing figures :-Wheat, 300,000 fanegadas; flour, Ssi2,000 quintals; silver in bars, 240,380 miarkss, 24G,736 quintals of metal, and 22,450 quintals of -ailver and copper; 186,300 quintals of copper in bars, and 523,000 quintals of rough metal. The total value of exports mayke stated at S16,0C000. A deposit and discount bank was about to be establshed in Valpaniso under the sanction of Government. The new insurance company was doing well. Govermment was about;to erect a gunpovder magazine on an extensive acale, and also a newv court-holuse. The line of telegraph frorn Valparaiso to Sanitiago and Salta hadbeen surveyed; it extends about 200 miles. The treaty of free commerce batween Chili --id the Argentine Republics Vw.a about to be confirmed. The mining interests were daily improving. Several bankrup'cies had occurred, causing a great -want of confidence in business, and consequent dullness in trade. Coin was very sca-rce. Home exportation very light. Ilour is scarce, and quotes as high as $10. Mlontevideo and Buenos Ayres were again in arms, expe. -ditions from the former province having invaded the latter. The invaders vere expelled with the almost total loss of t'heir officers and commanders. The project of a railroad from Cordova to Rtosario was in course of being realized, under the supelintendence of Mr. Campbell, an American engineer. Pern continued in a very unsatisfactory state. The Senate 'was engaged in framing a new constitution, which was making slow progrcss under the especial superintendence of Castillo. On its completion it was generally thought that the present President would declare the government a Dictatorship, and place himself at its head, which would cause a revolution. Castillo, however, was likely to retain his position, his being the strongest party. The Echenique party had dwindled away to almost nothing, and he had no prospect of future success. Don Domingo EEas had also lost his influence, and was, it was thought, on his death. bed. Assassinations and robberies were rife throughout the land, and life was not safeievqn in the heart. of Lima notvi'hstanding the daily display ozarmed troops in the streets. Yellowr fever was raging botliin Callao and Lima, carrying off a considera'le number of victims, but it was o' nmild type. The harbour of Calao wias very bare of shippng, and busine-sv was exceedingly dull. Lima, owing to the sickness, wlas comparatively deserted. The editor of the Her-ddo was ag-ain under arrest for publishing articles offenstve to the Government. News fromn Ecuador is discouraging, owinag to the want of tnergy on the part of the Government. &Several earthquak-es had taken place at Guayaquil. OPEN Arn PREACs1csux.-On Sunday afternooin Last the Rev. F. Trench comraenced toyreach in the wharf near St. John's Church. There was a large number assembled to hear the rev. gentleman preach the Gospel, who appeared to listen attentively, and ba gratly interested in the trutls tnat were laid before them. We observe that the rev. gentleman will continuo the practice every 3qa v.Wather permitting.-Berl-q G17j 4i'nj% Jprq 26
- -A-USTBALfA -. - I . '(mom OuiB OW0 vOrBOr,) WEL3BOTTltNE, Pas. 16. I am writing this for the Hellespont, which is advertised to take the mail to Point de Galle. The principal mail i. made up to-day, but as ahe haa not arrived from Sydney I may be able to add a postscript of later date. I wrote last by the Beemah (Jan. 30), a ship chartered to supply the place of the Schomberg, the captain of which (Forbes) has been committed for trial by the Williamstown maeistrates for losing his ship bynegligence. The trial will take place early next week. On Sunday the mailship of the 20th of November arrived, but the news she brings is not impcortant. We learn that Mr. Labouchere is to be Secretary of State for the colonies, and I think his appointment is viewed rather favourably here. Underthe new Australian constitations, however defective they all are, the functions of the Colonial-office are very much abridged.' We have the means in our own hands of working out Parliamentary independence in all matters of purely local concern, and, as to all subjects of exclusively Imparial cognizanceI trust there is wisdom enough in our counsels to leave such to the Imperial Government. A point has been raised here, however, which, if not a mere mares nest, would either postpone our constitution indeflnitely or compel the colonies to resort to one of those acts of harmless quvsi-treason which England has been often compelled to indulge in. A correspondent of one of the newspapers, who uses a pseudonym, but announces himself as the brother of a gentleman who long wielded the destinies of the colonies as permanent Under-Secretary, suggests that the act is invalid, because the Imperial Parliament intended that the Queen should assent to an amended bill, and that the bill wasnever legally amended; moreover that, although it is printed in a schedule to the ImperiaI act, there are no enacting words to make it law. The facts are simply these; Victoria and New South Wales-for the same objection, if valid, applies to both acts-passed each a constitution act, which. was reserved for the signification of the Queen's pleasure when it got home; stiM being in the embryo state of a bill, the Colonial-office objected to about a dozen clauses in each bill. These were accordingly struck out, and the question is whether the peculiar ParEamentary contrivance which was adopted converts what the Yankees would call "the balance" of the bill into law. The way it is done is this:- 1. The preamble of the act of Parliament recites the act of the Legislative Council of Victoria, and avers that it is expedient to empower Her Majesty to assent to the said bill amended "by the omission of certain provisions thereof." Section 1 then gives full power to Her blajesty to assent to the said bill so amended as aforesaid. These words are immediately followed in the sanie section by the words "and contained in the schedule hereunto annexed." Now it seems to me tha,_ although somewhat queerly managed, the intention of the Legislature that the Queen should assent to the bill named, except certain clauses, and that, when so assented to, the curtailed bill should be binding in law, is unequivocally expressed. The enacting clause is, the Queen may assent to a bill amended " as aforesaid." How are we to find out what " aforesaid" means? 'We look back until we come-to some mention of " amended," and we find in the preamble the mode of amending intended by Parliament-namely, "by the omission of certain provisions thereof." Parliament here, by the words it employs, informs us of the nature of the amendments intended. The enacting section then goes on to remove all doubt as to what is to be assented to by adding to the words " so amended as aforesaid" the words " and contained in the schedule to this act annexed." These words sufficiently connect the schedule with the act. But the Imperial Parliament does not stop here. By another clause in the act it directs that this act and the bill (the said bill so amended as aforesaid having been first assented to by Her Majesty) shall beproclaimed in the colony within a Certain time, and shall take effect from the day of the proclamation. The writer of these letters (for the objection is worked through a dozen letters at least) has found an attorney, who is a member of the Council, to put a question to the Attorney-General, and his answer was clearly and decidedly against the legal crotchets. There is more in this objection than meets the eye. The writer came out with what are called "strong letters from the Colonial-office.; Letters of this kind have generaUy been considered by governors, under the old system, as commands, and in many cases men of shallow character and ruined fortunes have been allowed to supersede men of great merits. But in this case these "strong letters from the Colonial-office" have been rendered comparatively useless by the introduction of a responsible Ministry. The official gentlemen claim the patronage of appointments, and the Canadian precedent will give it them. There is to be a new judgeship created at once. It will either be given to the Solicitor-General or to t'ae present Judge of the County Courts. Bat if the objector could contrive to bowl out the- now constitution, with its responsible Mlinistry, and let in the domination of the Colonial-office for half-a-dozen years, the "strong letters from the Colonial-office" might prevail over considerable local experience and merit. This view of the motive is matter of common talk. As far as I can learn, the lawyers are generally of opinion that the Constitution Acts will hold water. The writer has had the discussion pretty much to himself, no other newspaper having taken the matter up. He has tried hard to excite discussion by delicately insinuating that legislators an" lawyers here are all boobies except himself, for which he simply gets himself laughed at. The colonists are in fact, accustomed to the supercilious tone of superiority commonly assumed by new arrivals, who not unfrequently commerce bysetting everybody and everything to rights and end by getting all wrong. Colonists look charitably enough upon little harmless vanities of this kind-a very moderate amount of vigilance prevents mischief therefrom. On Monday the public library was opened by his Excel. lency, the officer administering the Government. It is a free library, and we owe its existence to the exertions of Judge Barry, one of the judges of tho Supreme Court, He took the Legislature just in time when the revenue had increased from less than 300,0001. to more than 3,000,000?., and people thought it would never come to an end. He got money for the building and for about 3,000 volumes. Last year there was a vote of 3,000?., but it lapsed for want of money. This year 3,0001. is on the estimates, and as the revenue is improving and the colony is flourishing, it wiU no doubt be voted and paid. The best colonial library is at Cape Town, but an annual payment for admis sion is required. The Quebec library is also good, but that is not free. Ours will be emphatically a public institution, and I fully expect that in 8 or 10 years it wiUl be the finest colonial library under the British Crown. Tne Legislative Council library also contains the beginning of a splendid library-but that will, of course, be confined to the members of both Houses. We adopt the American custom of a joint library instead of the E nglish custom of a library for each House. The last fortnight has furnished nothing in the shape of a news. Mr. Deas Thomson, the Colonial Secretary of New South Wales, has returned to Sydney. Responsible government has been there introduced, and Mr. Thomson was required to form a Ministry, but failed. The task was then assigned to Mr. Donaldson, a popular representative, but he also failed. The consequence is, that the old hands remain in charge of their departments until after the now elections. The Tasmanian Council has been prorogued by Sir H. Young in a very well composed speech, in which he evidently adopts Lord Elgin's rule of " dignified neutrality." I think Sir Henry an able man, who wil advance his colony more than it has ever yet bcen advanced. His conduct about the privilege question was a mistake. There was no necessity for raising it, and for a time it certainly did him harm ; but a single error of the kind (assunsing that I am right in so considering it) is soon wiped away, as it ought to be, by a course of wiser conduct, and this I think I can foresee on the part of Sir H. Young.
THE PoPE -4,&;D THE ITnuA QuFsTION.-The high ecclesiastical circles of Rome are panic-strlcken at the Cavour programme, and irritated at the strong language made nse of by tho English press respecting the maladministration of his Holiness' dominions and the necessity of reform. The sudden departare for Paris, on Saturday last, of Monsignor Berardi, Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Aff,irs, is generally attributed to the consternation of the Court at the bare mention of a q.uestion of such vital L mportance as a limit to the temporam sovereignty of the supreme Pontiff, and the consequent desire to have a nego. tiator of sagacity and devotedness on the spot, to assist the Nuncio in his remonstrances and counteract the baleful sug. gestions of constitutional Plenipotentiaries.-Lc,ttorfton Bome (April 24). STRAiGE D oSCovEmy AT IAN-cAsE.-Aresr. Willan and Cleminson, of M-arket-street, Lancaster, are about converting the house immediately behind their shop into a warehouse. On Friday afternoon, as a joiner was re moving aportion of wooden ilooring on the ground storey, he struck against something immediately under the boards, which he at fust supposed to be a box. On taking it up, however, he discovered that it was the portion of a skull, which he had broken in pieces. On examing the spotmore particularly a second lower jaw was found, with some skull cones. Abroken knife, tho blade of whichwas thicldy coated with what appeared to be blood, and a cloth upon which there were evident blood stains, -vas also picked up, and over all it seemed there had been.placed a layer of lime. It is evident that these romains are ihe telltale of some deed of violence-which*is now beyond, anl reach of investigation, The premises in question,. we understand, formed part of a publichouse known, 20Q year ago, s1 W97 Jli,n
I . ! ' ' ''_IRELAND. -_ 2 EACE RwoibiNGs. (tRom ot7-owx COnnsroxmNT.1 DUBLW., WEDINSDAY )oP-IO a. 'I uister lung-at-Arms ibas issued his official pro. gramme of the ceremonies to be observed on Friday next in celeb;ation-of the return of peace.- Besides the lin:ng of the rstieets with troops by day, and the display at night of' fireworks on the plateau in the Phcenix Park, all the public institutions are to be illuninated, and no efiort is to be spared on the part of the authorities to give edat to the proceedings of the day. THE DISMAMENT. The COr1- Cnstitutdimi, alluding to the order just issued in Ireland for several militia corps to recommence recruiting, observes that it amounts to nothing more than the usual official intimation annually promulgated while the force is retained. Subjoined is a copy of the order, from which nothing can be learnt of the ultimate intentions of the Government:- " Whereas Her 3lajesty, by her Royal order bearing date the 8th day of December, 1854, has been pleased to empower the Secretary of War for the time being to grant orders to the colonels of several regiments of militia in Her Majesty's service to raise by voluntary enlistinent for such repinents, "These are therefore to'- authorize you, by beat of drum or otherwise, to raise so many men in the county of - as are, or shall be, wanting to recruit, and fill up the respective companies of the regiment of militia under your command to the number allowed upon the establishment.. " And all magistrates, justices of the peace, constables, and all other civil officers whom it may concern, are hereby required to be assisting unto you in providing quarters, impressing carriages, mnd otherwise as there shall he occasion. And for so doing this order shall be, and continue in force, from the 25th of the present month to the 24th of April, 1857. "Given at the War-Department this 24th day of April, : {' ~~~PAN-31URE. "To the Colonel or Commandant of tho - regiment of Mlitia, or to the officer or non-commissioned oflicer duly appointed to raise nmen for the said regiment." - The Cork paper further observes:- " A similar ' order' is addrcssed to all militia regiments, because in all the number of men is to be kept up, and they are liable to be called out 56 days in each year for exercise and drilL This is the object of maintaining the staffs. It is supposed, too, that recruiting will, after some time, be dispensed with in the army, and the deficiencies be supplied from the militia. This, however, is only supposed; we cannot say whether it is or is not true." REPRESMNTATION OF LONGFORD. The death of Mr. Richard Maxwell Fox, at St. Leonard's, on Saturday evening, leaves a vacancy in the representation of Longford. Although a Protestant, the deceased was one of the most stanch adherents of the Roman Catholc party in the House of Commons,'and of late years -was very popular with the body generally. It is not improbable that Mr. George Henry Hughes, ex-Solicitor-General, who is a considerable landowner in the couinty3 wil be a candidate for the vacant seat. THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 911 91; ditto, for account, May 8, 914 1; ditto, for new account, 91t; 2New Three per Cent. Stock, 914 ; ditto, for account, May 8, 91j; Bank Stock, 224i, Dublin and Kingstown Railway debentures, 4 per cent., of 1001., 98- Hibernian Bank (251. paid), 31-X; National Bank of lJeland. (221. 10s. paid), 324; Grand Canal Company (1001. paid), 38;, Irish Mining Consols (11. paid), for account, 4s. Railways.-Dublin and Drogheda (751. paid), a33+; ditto, new thirds (25U. paid), 21U; DublinandKingstown (1001. paid), 153 ex. div. ;7Dabliand Wicldow (101. paid), 5, , IDrndalk and Ennisliillen (301. paid), for account, 131 Great Southern and Western (50/. Paid), 51. 51; dland Great Western and Royal Canal ('ll. paid), for account, 51 ; Waterford and imnerick (501. paid), 5' per cent. preference, 42i,
THE NAVAL REVIEW. (FromPunch.) Of Commons and of Peers Sing the terrible break-down, When on South.ampton's Piers, Though invited by the Crown, They wvere left, all to ftume, fret, and frowXl To accommodate the band Not a tender was at hand, And the noblest of the land Were done brown ! Three miles off afloat Lay the steamers on the brine-.. The hour to sail for the Review The tickets said was nine. 33ut 'twas twelve that April morn by tho chima 33re they drifted on their path, )usty and tired to death, And Roebuck in his wrath Was sublime ! Even Wood himself had blushec To have looked upon the scene: in the Harlequin were crushed BEishop, and Duke, and. Dean!T " It's a joke," Lord Granville cried-when each gtn, Besrd afar, with "ahip, hip, hips," Told the Queen had passed the ships, A4nd L ord Campbell's solemn lips Said " We're done l" .gain,-again,-again! And the Transit's pace grew slack: She can't go on, 'tis plain, 'Tis a doubt if sheIil go back: Even Granville's mirth is changig into gloo1un He a boat contrives to hail, 3Lest his brother Peers assail, And consign him to the pale Stoker's doom ! A hail the Trca7teers The Prer2e7ance gave; "' We are Commons, ye are Peers,; But all privilege we'll waive: Wsood to grief to-morrowv night let us brinlg 'The thing's a sell complete, 'iVe've seen neither Qneen nor 'deetJ Atnd we 've nothing fit to eat- Not a thing !" On the Admiralty's chief What blessings then arose, atound tough chickens and hard beer As Peers and Commons close! And so they cursed their fates, and made no way} While folks, with no invite -Trom the Governmnent, delight In the sunshine and the sight Of the day! Now the railway let us praise-m Tell how, that day and night, 'The trains went wrong all ways, And the engines stopped outright. 3ow from Southampton's, Portsmoutlh's shore# Through the station gates there sweep Of nobs and snobs a heap, While some, more luckless, sleep Round the door. BErave hearts ! 'Tis Britain's pride; When she bungles, to outdo All the bunglers that have tried Wbat mismanagement can do. There's some excuse for all who misbehave j Lucan, Airey-injured souls !- Called unjustly o'er the coals, Each with bullied Wood condoles-- Lot them rave !
HIGHWAY ROBBERY BY A TIC1Eg-oF-LEAVE MAlT. -A man who has only been at liberty a few days on ticket of leave named George Popjoy, and a wvoman named :Har. riet Truemnan, with whom he cohabits, were on Tuesday charged before the Bath magistrates with having on the previous night assaulted MIr. William Harding, a medical gentleman, residing on Combe-down, near that city, and robbing him of a gold wvatch and chain, a knife, bunch of keys, a lobster, and some lozenges. It appeared that Mr. Harding, who had been spending the evening in Bath, was returning home about 12 o'clock on Monday night, and when in a lonely part of the carriage-road, leadinm from Bath to Combe-down, by the Prior-park estate, Se was overtaken by the prisoners, who must have followed him fromthe city. The female prisoner, apowerfulwoeman, pushed him against the wall, and then held him forcibly by the throat, saying that she had twomenbehindher, and that if he "squeaked" it would be the worse for him. Mr. Harding was rendered almost insensible by the pressure on his throat, and begged the woman not to kill him, if she meant to rob him. She then wrested his golcd watch and cban from him, and his pockets were rifled of their other contents, after which both prisoners went away together. As soon as he had recovered, Mr. Harding returned to Batb, and gave information to the police, and upon three officers going to the spot where the robbery tookplace, about 2 o'clock in the morning, they found the two prisoners searching the road with a lighted candIc which they extinguished as soon as they saw the police approaching. They were both apprehended, and in the woman's pocket was found Mlr. Harding's knife and some lozenges which had been taken from him. On a search being made at their house, to which they must have gone after the robbery for a candle, some more of the lozenges were discovered, and also part of a lobster which Mr. Harding had lost, together with a key, and some other small articles. The watch and chain, however, had not been found, and the prisoners were remanded till Saturday. ADDXESS TO HER 2.IAJESTY ON THE TREATY OF PEACE.-The layor, aldermen, and burgesses of Salford, at a meeting of the Town Council yesterday, unanimously sgreed to an address of congratulation to Her Majesty on the conclusion of peace, which is to be presented by a deputation at the forthcoming levee, in the course of which they. say,-" It is with the deepest feelings of satisfaction that we congratulate your Majesty on the fact that by the terms of the treaty of peace a wide field for commercial enterprise has been opened and secured to the wtorld at large, and the onward current of civilization, which wuas impeded during the existence of the war, has received an additional impetus, and will again diffuse itself with renewsed vigonr, and especially over countries hitherto in a great measure e:cluded frohi its ac.tion."- Lrrlar.urYFAax.-Hrer Majesty the Queem has proved herself the most distinguished reviewer and extex.t sAve proprietoS ot Ma>2;iae iU b.er domiw-l UQ0
- -- --FRINCESSS-THE TTE. -Mr. Charles Eem's rinqipie of i L& vehicle for historicali llion was never carried out so far asinhis revival of the Wintes'sTae.- Intheplay itself,II 6eWJ1i he knows, there is nothing to suggest excessive splendour of decoration. The story is purely of a domestie kind though two kings are among the diamans _personsr, and, far' from -gaining weight from connexion with any specific period of the world's history, it is replete 'with anachronisms of such a violent kind that we cannot even imagine at what time the action might possibly have occurred. The spirit of anachronism penetrates, as it were, intD the very essence of the piece. Such blunders of detail as the mention of the Emperor of Russia and the "great Italian master, Giulio Romano, in ancient Sicily, may be passed over as of little moment, or iectiflied by the erasure of a line. It is the utter inconsistency of the fable with its .urrounding circumstanees,-of the medieval tone with the antique appurtenances; that constantly intrudes itself on the mind of the cultivated reader or spectator, aid renders the Winter's Tate not onlyone of the least historical, but one of the most anti-historical plays, that ever resulted from an uncritical period. Yet, as we have said, this anti-historical work has been used by Mir. Charles Kean as the theme for one of the grandest archsdological comments that ever took a pictorial form. We select the word "comments" because the whole affair reminds us of those Dutch editions of: the classics the weight of which belongs not to thb text, but to the notes; such aninfinitesemal quantityis the amount of history suggested by the Winter's Tale'; such a mass of antiquarin learning has been brought into operation by the hint. ~Nor has the manager relied on his own individual research. Mr. Godwin has been consulted about architecture-M3r. Scharf about niceties of detail-Mr. Davis about ancient music. Never was there such a turning over of costume,books, . such . an inspection of vases, such -a contemnplation of sculpture as, has preceded this production of the Winteres Tale. The namoe "Sicilia," given to the domain of Leontes. and the introduction of the' Delphic Oracle sent the nanagerial mind back into classic ages, and it was resolved that the play, as far as the decoration was concerned, should become a model of classic 'accuracy. Having once made up his niind that Beontes should be atyrant of Syracuse during the most palmy days of that city, when it reflected the civilization of Athens, and that in consistent Bohemia should be transformed into contemporary Bithynia, Mr. Charles Kean determined that no inaccuracies, however slight, should counteract this general assumption. Ieontes may not use a cup that is not of a proper pattern; his, child, Yamilhius, may not draw about a toy-cart that has not its terra-cotta prototype in the British Museum. Mr. Grieve and his numierous assistants. may not go to work on their scenic beauties, till the antiquarianfoundation islaid-till it is ascertained that the facts are anl right; the constructor of properties awaits the signal of the archoeologist. The very drop curtain, with its inscriptions, " EEC 'A7r6AXXVa" and " ELg At6vecoYa'" and the symbols proper to Apolo . and Bacchus, claims the patronage of classical divinities. At last the foundation is laid, the superstracture is raised, and the public, led by the programme to espect muLch, finds its expectations inoalculably surpassed. The piece opens with a beautiful view of the Temple of Minerva at Syracuse-a quiet landscape reposing in the red light of the evening, and serving to give, as it were, the key-note of classicality before the more gorgeous displays are made. This scene withdrav.n, the "Banqueting Room in the Palace" is exhibited. "IVhat banqueting room'." asks the reader of Shaklpeare, ignorant of any indication in his book referring to such an apartment. We must answer the question by explaining that for the sake of introducing a Greek banquet, with all its appurtenances of chaplets, couches, wine arrangements, &c., Mr.. Charles Kean has imagined that Polixenes takes leave, of his host immediately after the termination of a feast, and has placed the feast upon the stage.. Those who shake their heads at such a freedom have only to see the result of the innovation (which, be it observedl aoes not affect the text)-the splendid hall supported by figures of Canephorme, and decorated with the appurtenances of that tasteful luxury wlich shrinks, as if instinctively, from every thought of heaviness, eveningrandeur-andlincipient eensure wiU be changed into unmingled admiration. lMusiCiamis playing the "Hymn to Apollo" on lyres of antique form soothe the ears of the luxuriously reclining Leontes and Polixenes, and cup-bearers go through all the mysteries of wine-mixing for their refreshment. Nor is this enough. The banquets of the luxurious ancients were enlivened by dances, so here is an opportunity for, introducing the warlike Pyrrhic dance, which must -not be allowed to slip. Three dozen ladies of the cerps - de bailed, attired in glittering armour as youthful warriors, go through all the mazes of Terpsichorean strife, in the course of which occurs a group representing a scene of victory aud death that might have been copied'frora some ancient fieze. "In the second act, we repose from the glitter and gaiety of the banquiet by contemplating the quieter and sadder aspects of Greek life. The first scene is made to take place in a court of the Gynteconitis of Leontes's palace, and Hernione is represented inthe midst of her women, languidly employed in one of those light labours that were deemed appiroIpriate to Greek matrons of every rank, the whole picture iconveying a notion of the highest degree of modern' comr- fott attained by antique resources. The room in the palace i in which Leontes broods over his iminginarywrongis equally characteristic, hung as it is with tapestry, over which the blue Italian sky is visible between the columns; while on one side is an aperture sufficiently large to command a view of j Syracuse. Even' the prison in which Hermione is confined has its historical import, being copied from the actual quarry known as the "E Ear of Dionysius." In the third act we have another grand display in the trial of Queen Hermione, which takes place in the theatre at Syracuse. The King and the principal personages are on the supposed stage, which is in the foreground, whilei the semicircular portion of the edifice, devoted on dramatic occasions to the audience, rises in the backgrowund, densely peopled with spectators. Taking into consideration the limited extent of the Princess's stage, the perfect manner in which a notion of vatness is conveyed. by this scene may be pronounced truly wonderful, while the. groups of listening elders, the oflicers of the Court, dressed like Mercuries, and all the numerous' details, give an aspect to the picture totally.new as far as theatrical representation is concerned. The arrival of the Oracle in its splendid ark is the occasion of afresh exhibition' of antique splendour, as the stage becomes gradually occupied with the priestly retinue of Pagauism. i egulating-thedivision of actsbythe change of place, ratherthanbythat of time, Mr. Kean closes the third with the apparent death of Hermione, and makes the seacoast of Bithynia (not Bohemia,.mind) the first scene of the fourth. After Antigonus has fled, pursued by a bearwhich, by the way, is a masterpiece of zoological art-and the clown has related his fate, " Time, as Chorus " is introduced as the principal figure in an episodical allegory, conFisting of three distinct tableauc-first, by that contrivance. which allows stage goddesses and spirits to fly without visible ropes, and which was employed with such success in Faust and. farguerite and Henry PYII., we have Luna in her car, personified, accompanied by star; who are personified li-ewise. These disappear to mal-e way for Time-not the old gentleman, with sithe and hour-glass, but Chronos, father of Zeus-who delivers his speech sitting on this mnundane globe, as its ruler. He is succeeded by Pxhebus in his car, copied from Fla=nan's shield of Achilles, and an antique vase. Thisgroup, while it has allthe effect of an exquisite piece of sculpture, is lighted in a manner that almost dazzles the eye, and it is impos-mble to conceive the solar glory more vividly personified. The beautifl allegory having reached its termination, the action is resumed, and we are brought into a room in the palace of Polixenes, vhich is worthy of a few words of spe. cial comment. The room, magnificently "appointed" (to useatheatrical expression), is inl direct contrast to the splendour of Syracuse. There, under the influence, of the Athenian civilization, an appearance of lightness was always to be seen, in the midst of the most elaborate pomp; here on the contrary, we are in the region of Oriental heaviness. Leontes was a monarch whose vesture, with all its richness, would not have encumnbered his shoulders; Polixenes, king of Bithynia, is almost buried beneath his massive ornamlets; and we Can fancy that, were his representative a less stalwart person than Mr. Ryder, he would be bowed down by his own apparel, His chair is heaffi; the decora. tions of his valls, in the Persian style, are formal and imposing, 'withoiit a touch of playful fancy about them The reason of substituting Bithynia for Bohemia is now apparent, for the contrast between tw-o civilizations, hitherto merely indicated by the dress of a few characters, is at length fully set forth. In the next scene-a lovely view in Bithynia, with the Lake Ascania in the backlground-a most unique exhi. bition takes place. The dance by " twelve rusties habited like satyrs," set down in the stage-direction of the original play, has been expanded by the manager into a rural festival of Bacehus, in vhich all the frantic merriment that so frequently employed the pencil of Nicolas Poussin is depicted With the life and movement that theatrical repre. sentation can alone effect. Had the inhabitants of St. Luke's been engaged at so much per evening, they could not have exceeded the bounds and shriels of the inspired' Bacehanals of every' age, who for nearly a-lquarter of an hour keep the stage in a condition of pictuiesque disorder, ' mntil the occupants.of the front stalls have reason to fear hat thq Iaw1e0 rsyaaLer will b oo uvact tAQ QIqlastmr -. d sthbjectthem-to the fate wibh Orpheus onoe nderlaet -it thelndsof the enasj This wila orgie, it ahuldbe --i eeZd, tkes D1cim addition io- a more orEerl-y shep hasw dane, in which -Flonsel anl PPerdita are the chief ggure, and wh -h is executea aound aterininal head of Pan. Thoughout this w- the trouerg ndphrygian cap of the shepherd give slocal colodr5n to the rcture, remincding s that we are among Asiatics, and nomwith tng barelegged citizens of Syracuse. Even when the Winfc.s Yale is produced irL ordli ry fashion,'a striking effectis obtainedinthe'statue-scene, and, is might naturally be expected, Mr. Charles Kean, who has dived into recondite places for so many opportunities for display, has not neglected the one which lay ready for his use. The supposed statue, which is kept in the peristyle 'of Paulina's house, is enclosed in a small circular temple, and all the modern contrivances forthe picturesqute employ. ment of light are brought into use, when the curtain is withdrawn, to make the human figure as much like marble as posnible. Here the interest produced by decorative art eminently keeps pace with that excited by the business of the scene; the wonder felt by the spectators on the stage as the statue gives signs of animation is almost shared by the spectators before the lamps, and electrical indeed is the effect when Hermione dropsintothe arms ofhercontrite husband,whileall the surroundingpersonages arepetrified,as it were, into one vast statuesque group. We may at this point make the appropriate remark,.that throughout the entire play'the masseshave been.so disciplined that eacn individual becomes a sort oil statuesque embodinent of a separate eceotioj. Thus an almost uninterrupted series -of toUelcaz ivCants continues from'the beginning to :.he end.' Having thus attempted a description of this masterpiece of stage production, we must bestow a fewwords on theactirg of the characters, who, with the exception of HIermione, are less fitted for histrionic display than the generality of Shakspeare's creations. Leontes, with his causeless jealousy, is but an unthankful personage to the tragediaa, but 2ar. Charles Eeau judiciously labours. to make the condauct of the whimical tyrant as accountable as the text will allow, by giving early indications of the growth of suspicion, and showing by the furtive glances jdarted at his supposed rival, vwhil6 his attention is ostensibly absorbed by his sportive cbild, Mamilius, that something is wrong at the core which will break out into mischief. Thus the. tale of internal disease, which is imperfectly told by the dialogae and action of theplay, is rendered intelligible by a few minute touches introduced with discernment. The contrite state of Leontes, when his unreasonable p'assions have subsided and he is left a broken-down penitent, is as forcible as it is pathetic, and a finer contrast could not be produced than between the irascible tyrant of the earlier acts and the dejected sufferer of the fifth. Mrs. Charles Kean's Hermione is such a performiance as might naturally have been expected by all who witnessed her Queen Katharine-a picture of sorrow so intense, and accompanied by such a consciousness of recti. tade, that it will look forward to death as a welcome relief, but will start with horror from a risk of indignity. When (in the trial scene) threatened with loss of life by her via. dictive judge, a smile of scorn passes over the lips of the invalid as she feebly raises herself on her couch; but when she passes from the theme of life to that of honour the meek nature is gone, and she is for a while inspired with worthy indiOnation. -As for-the statue-scene, in whichthe apotheosis of mild, dignified, forgiving womanhood is consummated, it is in every respect exquisitely beautiful and refined. The other personages are all adequately sustained. Mr. Byyder is a stately Polixenes; Miss Leclerq a pretty and animated Perdita; Mr. Harley a quaint Autolycus; Mr. Saaker an exceeedingly humorous clown; Mr. Meadows a senile "Old Shepherd;" Miss Heath an attractive Florizel; M-rs. Ternan a spirited Paulna; MTr. Cooper, 2s Antigonus, indicates almost comically his henpecked condition; and last-ay, and least, too,-Miss Ellen Terry plays the boy Mamilius with a vivacious precocity that proves her a worthy relative of her sister (I), Miss Kate. We have here crowded together epithets of commendation in a manner not very agreeable to our own taste, but where we have said so much about a grand whole the-gracious readerwil forgive usfor extraordinary conciseness with respect to particulars.
THE TRIAL OF T. PALMER. The Central Criminal Courit will undergo considerable alterations preparatory to the trial of the Rugeley poisoning cases. The Old Court, where the trial will come on, is not capable of giving accommodation to more than 500persons, a number totally inadepuate to the requiremenits of this occasion. In order to give more accommodation tothe bar, the circular table round whichthe bhasters usually sit has been removed, and in its stead cross-benches and desks vdll be erected, and these will afford accommrodation to abont 30 additional barristers. It is also intended to erect seats by the side of the dock, similar to those that were put upon the occasion of the trial of Oxford for shooting at the Queen and that of the Mannings., So great is the 'interest which appears to be excited by the proceedings that it is said several thousand appliecations have been already made -to the sheriffs for orders of' admission, and the duty that will be cast upon those functionaries of 'preserving order bids fair-to be of the most onerous description. The fact of the trial being at: present fied tD come on in the midst of an ordinary session -will very much increase the inconvenience; and it -is earnestly hoped that, for the-sakeof the public convenience, the arrangement may be altered. Wednesday, which is the day fixed, is generally tho busiest day of the session; and, in addition to the persons attracted to the court to hearthe trial of'Pahmer, there may be atleast a thousand persons in attendance, either as- witnesses, or connected in some way with the ordinary cases of the session. All the three courts will also be sitting, and the grand jaiy will likewise be engaged 'in the performance of their duties, and as they usually male their presentments of bills in the Old Court, where Paln?er will be tried, it Will be impossible to avoid a constant scene of confusion. It is the opinion of the officials connected with the court that if the original arrangement be persevered in, it will be impossible to proceed with the ordinary business of the session, and the remaining cases will have to be postioned until the conclusion of the trial of Palmer. It is understood that Wednesday was fixed for the trial without any communication being had' with the officials of the Central Criminal Court, who would at once have piontd out the almost impossibility of such an arrangement being inade, and it is expected that when the learned judges becdme aequainie -,ith thcw l ly serious inconvenience that must ncevssarily arisen f the iiciai comes on upon the day at present fixed, they will consent to a modification of the arrangement. Wbat has been suggested is,that the whole of the ordinary business of the session should be disposed of, which could probably be done on Friday afternoon, and that the Court should thenbe adjourned to the 3fonday following for the purpose of trying Palmer's case. Theeffect of this would be that the whole of theordinarwitnessesandthe grandjurywouldbe dismnissed, and two courts that would be vacant would afford excellent accommodation for the witnesses for thc prosecution and 'the defence, and for whom, 'if the trial comes on as now fixed; not the slightest provision can be madce. There can be no doubt that if this suggestion should be canried out 2. great deal of inconveniencewill be avoided. Messrs: Stone and Rose, the nnder-sh6riffs, -have, it is understood, been in communication with the Lord Chief Justice upon the sub. ject, but no final arrangement has yet been come to in reference to it. The Attorney-General, Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., and M1r. Huddleston are retained to conduct the prosecution; Sir F. Kelly and Mr. Ballantine are the counsel for the pri. soner.
LoiD STRATFORD DB REDCLiF3B.-The porfrait of Lord Stratford de Reddliffe, as drawn the other night by the eloquent pencil of 2lr. Whiteside, deserves to go down to posterity as a curious illustration of English diplomacy 'in the nineteenth century. If envious critics in after times should ever be disposed to dispute the political grandeur of the British empire, a friendly apologist will only have to point to our present ambassador at Constantinop-le to prove thatj in one respect at least we are entitled to a proud cor. par-ison with ancient Rome. We have proconsuls, by another name. as irresponsible. tyrannical, arrogant,; and vain as ever made the power of the Csasars a curse to the world. The British bashaw at Constantinople is a personage altogether unique. Hie could only be produced im circumstances which rarely happen together. You must have on the one hand a powe Government, whose word is law with one-half the States with which itprofesses to hold intercourse, and on the other a Govermment sunk in the lowest depth of magniaicent decay-where corruptiou does the wvork of patriotism; where actions are tested by no other standard than the rank and inaluence of the doer; where the monarch is an adored sla-re,-and Cabinet Ministers are altexnately parasites and despots. Lord Stratford at the court of the Sultan is nominally the servant of the Queen ofEagland; really, he is an independent potentate, with his own conrt of well paid-paid officials, his own maxims and policy, over which his reputed masters at home can only exercise the shadow of controL Nominally he is bound to obey the instructions of the Foreign 3finister, who is, in turn, responsible to the country; really, It does just what he 1eases;consulting his oivnwhims and obstinateprejudices ik(e an absolute -monarch. He is evidently too strong for the Government. He regards them as mu mo bound to obey his instructions than he is to obey their. lie receivestheir letters, as a matter of form, and if he ref wf*im putting them behind the fire it is merely to-sive appearances. f they venture to remonstrate he-tiyes.:item ar-ight good lectare in return, and ends by taking his own way after all. We give this self-willed gentleman 7T 6 ,&a?YeO. for managingour business in thi fashion, and he, no doubt, thinks we are mightily indebted to hin for consenting to receive our cash. His long resiZence in Turkey has tmred him into a model Tark. ark:ey, we )now, is the worst governed country under heaven. We are perpetuailly cryng out about the shameful weakuass of ittGovernment, and the unchecked abuses of its administation; hut we seriously question whether any urk;ish offcieal ever displayed more contempt for tie aulthoritsy of his superiors, or more insolenoetowardshis iabordinates,th7auhasbeenevinced by Lord Stratford de Reddiffe, or whether the Turkish Government ever betrayed a greater amount of]pusillanimity in dealing with a powesiul v-assl than the BrItish Govermment has shown in de,aiEn with its haughty representative. Lord Stratford de Tdcline is still at Constantinople. He is stillIHer Majesty's Viceroy at the Court of the Sultan. The GoyernmerPc he has insulted hasnot had the courage to recall him; ai5d we should feel no surprise if apreposal were tobe made tS reward his distinguished services with some tangible -.ark of the natiei's gratitude. By all meas let this bo d.one quicely. We surely cannot gradge a finishing' touch 'eo ftis notable exnimple of the way in which vigour and, discipline, tact and 7ntegritiy, disinterestedness and public spirit attalin their appropriate.reward's unc erthe ni- - partial .regis Qt xUadi arlllv SgoyflnmQh,1uX! ,~~ ~ ~ -. ;ib , -
- - -D1S1RY-LA* THFETEf,- | : - There is now to be-eon at this house a pecimen oF Transatiantic aCting which ouht not to be overlooked by any one who has a taste for curiosities in hiuiskioni2 art. Mms. Florence, newly arrived from the United States, whemt she has gained a ronsideable reputation, represents in at farce called the Yankee Hocuseeper a " ga" from the St.at of Maine, Who combines such a highly coloured aassmblxgd of nmtive peculiarities as has never been -witnessed on ant European stage. The dialect is of the strongest Ifvour -4he prosaic Ehrewdness accorfpanying an almost boister. ous vi7acity betokens a develop;ment of the 'cut4 orgpns that the dull citizens of the Old WorldwOiuld srcelV associate witlh their notions of the feminine.-nature, the gestures are of the strangest aid, at the -same .te, o£ the most signficant kind, but all soperfectly free and span. taneous as te leave no d6utbt that a real type of thaF Anglo-Saxon family has been truly apprehended by a quick and observant intellect. The Yankee "gal," of humble life, as delineated bv Mrs. Forence, is a being t* whom half-measures are unlnown, and who would oe dreadfully puzzled if she had to find an English eqaivalent for th1 French word nuance. If she is abashed she buries her' face in her apron-if she is kindly disposed to an adiirei shay pokes him in 'he ribs-if she feels: her dignity 6onipromised her first tendency is to slati the faoe of the offender-if that desire of gaininga "hard dollar" steals upon hef mind; sha. scorns evervthing lilken hint, and with the most bn8iness. like air asks, " What will you gie_:me I' -And all thisis sv heartily done, with such an appezaance. of intrinsic Yrark. ness and good-nature, that the recult is almost fascmkting while the movements acquire a sorb of natives gracefront their uncontrolled wildness. We have had plenty of.baler delineators of Yankee peculiarity, and some bf :these, wa. suspect, have rather owed theirpositionto the catiimstinces of being born amid the sound of a certain dialect thaiL to any distinctive talent; but frrom these Ms. :Florenca. is wholly distinct. She literally sparkles with vivAilty; and, while rmuch of her attracticn depends on the ioveltr of the character she represents, she mnust convince>everr spectator that, under -whatever :circumstances she had mader her studies of humanity, she still'a-ould havebeen an intellf . gent and efficient actress. We must only warm those.whm witness her not to test her merits by any existing stamifair, for something so utterly ndi generis is not to he mneasureL by English rule. Let her revelations of Maine naannrrs bh accepted in a spirit of faith; let her two Ymnlree sengij which are admi-able of the kind, be heard and laughed at as worthy lxndants to "Yillikins and lbis Dinah,'". amn "The Rateatcher's daughter;" let a sympathy witlh her obvious geniality be encouraged, and an audience cai. scarce,y fail to be alike entertained and surprised.-, . Mr. Florence, by -whom the lady- is accompanied, is ait actor of Irish parts, with agreat deal of quiet humour, anml a brogne that is not altogether of the Cis-Atlantio ],ind. Of the farce -we need not say much. It is a very primitiva affair, but asit serves to allowthe Yankee " gal" full qppor.O tunities to display her peculiarities, it fully answers its purpose.
MUSICALU tIION. At the third concert, which 'wa a very gooa one, therr were some interesting novelties. Ainong the rest must be mentioned two compositions by SL Stephen Heller-"Dhng les bois" and " Wander-stunden"-for the pianoforte, whiclx were played to perfection by ML Charles H&JM. 'M Stephem Eeller writeswso 'well that it is a great pity he should confine himself exclusively to capriccios and similar'ffancies. Ira the pieces above-mentioned, there are idezis enough tr. have formed the basis of more ettended 'works-ideas sit once original, fresh, and piquant. No one except Mendeli. sohn (one of the mos,t sparling of whose "Seven Charatteristic Stud,- '-was also introduced by 1 HMlM) has dorer small things better than 3i, Heller, and it is to be rtgretted, on this account, that he so rarely ventures on is higher flight. r Another agreeable feature of the present smatinJ was ak duet for flutss, written and-performfed by the Mesers. Doppler, who had already made a favourable impression #t one of the orchestral concerts of Mr. Huliah. As conccritam' players these gentlemen have few rivals. A more fafiltlem.s tnstsz71e was never prodc-ced. What figure they fiiight; make respectively as sDloists, however, rem-uns to be seen. Haydn's quaint and charminLig quartet in G minior (Op. 33), Beethoven's well-nown quintet in U (Op. 29), and the same composer's pianoforte ' trio in E flat (Op. 70) were the "vzorccaux de sesistancc.'$ The artists in the quartet 'were A1. Sainton, 2fDr. Cooper, Mr. Hill, and 3L. Franchomme; in the-quintet the same, -with the addition oEf r. Goifrie, as viola-secondl to M1r. Hill 'Both pieces 'were admirably' executed. ML Sainton,' in the quintet-the clewl de ktaicle of the celebrated Vieuxtemps-epuafled Vienuxtemps himself;' The progress of 1.L Sainton, smoe his first appearance. in.'Eng. land (in 1845), is astonishing. HDe has attained the highest rank in his lrofession; and, castin- aside the vices of the .'rench school has contrived to attain almost all the excellencies of the German and BelgiEn virtuosi, with fevr of the exaggerations of either. M. Hall6's execution of the pianoforte--part -in Beethoven's' superb trio 'was~ quite irreproachable. The solo playing o° 31. Eranchomme gzave us no rason to modify the opiniomi already epressed of his talent as executant and composer. He is utterly Thmds:^in stygleg and his performance seemedr to indicate that his notvions of musical sentiment ant expression had never travelled beyond that very limiter! sphere. As before, AL -Fratchomme was heard to anuclt advantage in the quartets.- -The purity of Haydn appeared to exercise a restraint upon him, from wluch his own music- drawn from a very different source-releas! him altogether, and by no means to his advantage.' X Madame Schumann is to play, for the second time, at ih5 next concert.
CBYSTAL PALACE CONCEMTS. TO THE EDITOi; OF THE T=-RS. Sir,-For their 12 concerts the Crystal Palace Company have advertised two descriptions of tickets-those -which ara personal and those which are transferable. They have,. however, omitted stating either tbat none will be dmnittei but the holders of tickets, or the terms on wlhich the public enerall can boe preSent at a single concert. An early aeciion on this point will, I think, aUCh influence the salq of ticl;ets, lVery faithfully yonr3, A XbiDEUNAL SURSORIBE?, TO THE flIONCERTS. , . ...~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ London, Apxil 8O.
THE P ESENT POLICE SYSILI AND THE fETZEaOrxo OF CRFE.-The police at North Shields have in custodyr Xersons who descnrbe themselves as James Rayland, alias reynold, William IRayland, Sarah Brown, alias Rlobson, alias Martha Foxton, and Jessie Black, alias EllerL Brown. The-women bad -been-the wives ormistresses of James Robson and Georgez Brown, men who jwerm transported last York Assizes-the one for prison brezking and subsequent robberies, the other for a desperato robbery and attack iipon the police in that city. The prisoners are in custody charged -with several audacious robberies in Shields, and their course of crime, as known to ths police, illustrates in a remarkable manner the great and glaring defects in our present police system, and the necessity of a thorough organization for the detection of such a class oa offenders. The prisoners belong to a gang of thieves of botn sexes, 'whose head-quarters have been ascertained to be in the city of York; some men who belong6d toc this gang have been transported, but it appears- that they have little difficulty in procering recruts * partiesr of them make circuits, and from a number of pa*n ticket3 taken from the prisoners, by the police it seemsr that they have visited Scarborough, Darham, Darlington, Sunderland, Stockton, Shields, and Neweastle-on-Tyne, in all of vwhich towns, no doubt,:tradesmen have been extensively plundered by them. - The mode of thievingpractisel by those persons in the north has been as follows :-Ome oE the male prisoners had entered a draper's shop atthemonient; the young men were opening for business in the morning, and when many artieles to d;ress the window' -wera lying about. The person so entering had a greatco3t eshis arm and was muffled np abont the mouth, as if hewera going upon a journey. He desired one of the young mner to show bun some silk handkerchiefs,and upon a parcel bein&plac ed before him he examined them closely, and then sail *thatthey were too fine-hewouldneed something ofacoarser quality. Upon the young man turning round to procAr parcel of the kind required the person imxediateLy claeed. 9 coat on the counter, and upon the young maan sheaving another parcel the man made a small purchae, and, lifting his coat from the counter, left the shop. Of cnurse shortlyr after his departure it 'was discovered that the person had lifted some valuablehandkerelkiefswith his coat, and hadi t;aken them off with him. In this manner Geerge Iaylan& had committed two robberies ii North Shields-one in the. shop of Mr. Collimson, draper, lyne-street thle other in thek shop of Mr. Green, 'Union-street. In the latter pLace ot' business theyoang man whoJhad seved the. prisener immediately detected the theft, and rans after the prisoner, cryin' " Stop thief !" Showin-a.pair of clean heels,Rayland wrould have escaped, in all probabnlity, had he net encountered one of the strongest men in lNorth Shields-Clement Iall, v steamboat man, who in lis early dayswas a famous pugilist. Hall got him by the neck, when ihe prizoner attempted to stab him with a knife, but Hall quietly pat him ox bisn back and strode over h1. until a p;liceman came and£ took him into custody. The other prisoners are . concerned in the disposIl of the property stolen from. Mra Coulinson's. The men had a hawkeres licesseo -wLich could be used by either of themn. Iti w>as t3ken out in the namie oE Gzeorge Ileynold, York, and unsder the cover of this license they could more easily dispese of their plunder. WlViliami lEayland had sold handkerchiefs stolen from Mr. Collinsoxa of the value of ill to a Jew- named 1 enjamnin Levi, wbhw k-eeps a mock auctico at Soathheldes Levi had givenhin 15s. for them; and the wesnen h&zi pawned some other ar ticles which had been stoen from the same establishment..? They are all remanded until Monday. There is no doub{S but that they have been carring out a systematic pl3a oik shop robberies far some time, their audacitv in some measure giving them an immunity from danger; and it was nof until the caXQf into a. district where there is a thoroughly organizel=e of county and borough police that ther were immemiaty apprehended. This is the second gang ol thieves that have come from Yorlc 'which have been a;pprebended at Shields during the pust three months. AO=&ENT TO LAVY CAN:SG.-We read fin- *he3 DAc Gazceu of March the 22d -" On Saturday a fear .ocident befel LAdy Canning, froin which she provideatiall7Y escaped without serious injury In returnin- from thea Betmune School, which her Ladyship had inspeciedhOr car=iage came in contact with a lhacery, and was completsly overturned. A native gentleman offered his carriage. il iwbivlz L 3dy Odng edycrz cwasea k-lW°5.2
FOREI6GN I2TBLLIGBNCE. ERANCK -A 1 &nofpf,oUowinC pped in our second edition 1 rerd y:-] (BY SUBMARXZ1 AND BRITISH TEEGRAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Paris correspondent " PARIS, WZDKFESDAY, APRIL 30, 7.30 .A.3. " Count Orloff was received yesterday by the Emperor. " He presented letters of notification of the accoson of Alexander IL, and a letter of congratulation on the birth of the Prince Imperial." (FROMf OUR OWN cosPO;NDsMT.) PARIS, TUXSDAY, APRIL 29, 7 P.3r. A letter fronx Turin, of the 26th, says- "I have to reyert to what I mentioned lately relative to the movements of the Austiaan troops on the frontier of the Duchy of Parmsa. The fact itself is certain, though it ay not have the importance which an excess of national susceptibility has attributed to it. It was even said that the ides. of stationing at Spozzia the Sardinian troops that retmu from the Crimea had occasioned this strategic moveuent of the Austrian army of occupation. The measure adopted by the Piedmontese Government having only a purely military object, that supposition is unfounded. Be tbis as it may, every one has remarked for some time back the excessive rigour exereised by the authorities of Parma and Mlodena towards all the travellers who arrive in these Etatef by the Piedmontese frontier. " As you will easily suppose, the discussion in the foreign papers on the position assumned in the Congress by the Sardinian Plenipotentiaries has produced much sensation, not only here, but throughout Italy, in spite of the attempts of the different Governments to maintain silence. One effect of that publicity, and which is regarded as a symptom full of meaning, is, that lists of names have been opened for the parpose of presenting an address to 31. Cavour. At Rome, Bologna, and Florence, committees are forming witl that object, and at Rome a Prince has put himself at the head of the manifeshtion. In spite of what the journals say. I do not think that after the return of 3L Cavour to Turin there will be a great effervescence of interpellations in the Piedmontese Parliament, cr that parties will be organized. The Piedmontese Parliament has given too many proo(3 of its prudence for us to suppose that this will occur. The Royal printing-office has all the protocols and the text of the treaty ready to be distrihbuted to the Chambers, and -we only wait for the telegraphic message from Paris announcing the ratification of the treaty for the distribution.". The following private telegraphic despatch has been received:- " MARSEILLES, AanmL 28. "Accounts from Jaffa of the 16th state t'hat the day before another sanguinary fight had taken place at Nablous; the Governor had finally beaten the rebels. Assistance had been demanded from Jerusalem, but the Pasha of that city kept for himself his troops and cannon, in anticipation -of disorders which might break out. At Jerusalem, more-over, the energetic attitude of the Pasha and of the consuls promised to avert all danger." A Paris correspondent of the Augsb5urg Gazete says:- "A foreign diplomatist, who has relations with St. Peiersburg, mentions that the Russian Government have aready receivedapplications for 40,000 passports for foreign countries, three-fourths of which are for France." A private letter from Madrid of the 24th men-tions that the King of Portigal will visit that ,capital Sf 7te is spedalfy inrited Sy the Queen, but not otherwise. Notwithstanding the re-estabEshment of tranouillity in Valencia the disorders that have occurred there are a cause of much anxiety. It is the first importantoccasionou which the Government have had a misunderstanding with the National Guard, and the compulsory disarmnament of a part, and the voluntary surrender of their arms by the rest, are symptoms not very encouraging. In other countries the institution of a National Guard is rather a nuisance than anything else; but in a country like Spain, where the army Ias so often taken the lead in insurrection, and where military men in command too often treat civilians with the tyranny of a Turkish pasha, and military governments are too prone to disregard all law and justice, and to set little value on the lives or liberties of the citizens, a check of the kind h3 not entirely without value. In Valencia there is no civilian now bearing arms, and it is probable that the disarmed are anything but satisfied. The first great point, however,was to restore traniquillity, and that General Zabala has done; it is to be hoped -that he will succeed in maintaining it. Notice has been sentround to the members of the D)iplomatic Corps that they will be received by the Empress in her apartments on Saturdaynext. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 73f. 75G. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 50c. Orleans Railway shares, 1,400f.; Great Northern, 1,070f.; Strasburg, 1,042f. o0c.; new share's, 882f. 50c.; Paris arid Lyons, 1,435f.; l,yons to the Mediterranean, l,650f; Western of France, 910f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 787f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 730£; Lyons and Geneva, 795f.; Bank of Credit MIobilier, 1,720f.; Austrian rail-ways, 926f. 2OC. Cours Authentique.-PAmis, April 29.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not remnbursable for 10 years, 93f. 3ac. 50c.; ditto first Loan of 1S5 (80 per cent. paid), 93f 25c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 94f.; ditto Certificates (50 percent. paid), 04f.; Three per Cents., 73f. 80c. 70c. 75c.; ditto second Loan of 1S5 (50 per cent. 7aid), 74f. 30c. ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 74f. c0 ; lank of France, 3,90f.; Credit Foncier, 700f. ; ditto Obligations of 500±, Four per Cents., 445f.; ditto Three per Cent 400f.; Prom. Obli&ations of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 9-30f.; Credit Mobilser, 1,720f. 1,72Sf. 1,717f. 50c. 1,720f. 1,722f. 50c. 1,720f. ; Discount Bank, 68S5f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 93f.; Austrian Five per Cents., 90f., Belgianl Four-and-a-alf per Cents., 9S8 - Remans, 90;Spanlish Three per Certs., 45;* ditto Interior Debt, 39fi -40. Exchnnge on London, at sight, money, 2Sf. 372c.; three moneths, money, 24f. 97T2c. RUSSIA. (PRoM O0n Bnun.i CORSPOINDRNT.) BER=I, ARiLm. 28. In St Petersburg they are already beginning to talk of warlike expeditions to be undertaken in the summer; a portion of the Caucasian army,under the comniand of General Khruleff, is to operate towards theTsdhetschnaia,whileother troops thatwillby that time have been set free from the Crimea are to act against the Ahchasen (I). It appears that, carefully as all news of the facts have been kept from the knowledge of theWestern pressthese mountain tribes had availedthemselves of theRRussians being perfectly accupied with their more imposing foes to harass them in a variety of ways, and to have encountered them in a variety of skirmishes, not always without success. The first use their implacable neighbour the Mluscovite intends to make of the leisiure that the present peace has procured him is to subdue and subjugate these tribes, and then to rebuild the frontier fortresses for the purpose of perpetuating that subjugation. The supplies that are to be contracted for to be delivered this year sound enormous; the infantry alone require 2,223,000 pairs of bootsa; 168,000 ells of reginental cloth are to be forwarded from Tamboff to Astrachan by water; 200,000 ells from Tamboff to Moscow; 590,000 ells from Simbirsk to St. Petersburg; 415,000 ells from :asan to St. Petersburg; and 300,000 ells from Kasan to Aloscow. The new organization of the military force is going on rapidly; the Caucasian army has been strengthened by two fresh regiments of infantry, to be called " Crimea" and " Sebastopol ;" and two i regiments of dragoons, "Seversk" and "P6rdiasIaff." The Guards have got an addition of two new battalions of rifles. The Baschkir army is also to have a new organization; it is to be quartered in 28 cantons, the population of which amounts to about 1,000,000 of B3aschl;s and leschtsherages. Generals Dannenberg, Schubert, IManderstern, Kupreanof, Offenberg, Suchosaldt, DKnorring, and Butu rtin are nmentioned as the authors of this newI organization. Catherine' A Te Deumn was celebrated in the St. Catherine's church on the 19th inst., in honour of the birth of the Imperial Prince of France, and was attended by all the haute votee of St. Petersburg. The Emperor 'was represented at it by one of his adjutants on duty, and the Government itself by one of the W'inisters. The coimmercial statement of the present state of the corn trade in St. Petersburg, emanating from a principal house in that branch of commerce, says that there are about 140,000 tchetwerts of rye novw lying at that port, of which 25,000 are too inferior to ma'ke it wvorth while to ship them. The rest is already the property of foreigners or of exporters. It is expected that there will be some Emall further supplies to be had from the immediate neighbourhood of - St. Petersburg, where the late harvest was better than in the rest of the country. These supplies are, however, far from considerable, and will only find their way to St. Petersburg in case prices should rise considerably, seeing that the markets of the interior show some considerable demand. In Riga and the Baltic provinces the harvest of last year was so inferior that they, and even the tract of country from which they have hitherto derived their supplyof gpin, will, mall probability, have to look to the capital for proVision. A committee has, by the command of the inperor, been constituted to investigate the subject-matter of the complaints p referred to him by the trading orporations in T d on the occasion of his recenlt visit there. It is hoped very confidently that these researches will lead to many reforms in the commercial code of Rus. The quotations of shares in all inland undertalings have been rsing of late ; many have already improved to a considerable extent. The reason of this buoyan,cy appears to be the confidence with which the prospect of comprehensivebanIingundertakings bemg soon realize is viewed. Prince Menschikoff, although he has relinquished the arduous post of Governor of Cronstadt, continues to hold the dignity of Adjutant-General of the Emperor and member of the Imperial Council; for the present he will retire to an estate he possesses in the neighbourhood of Moscow until he has restored his health. St. Petersburg is just now particularlylively from the number of military officers who come there to take theirorders for the reduction of -the troops. In MIoscow also everything is life and bustle on account of theapproachingcoronation. Thepapers arealready full of advertisements of lodgings to be had on that occasion. ThesplendidhorsesthattheEmperorhas imported from Hanover are spoken of as likely to contribute no small portion to the magnificence of the spectacle. Advices from Warsaw show that the export of a variety of articles has not yet been relieved from the prohibition that had been imposed on it during the war. In the ukase of the 17th inst., which removed the prohibition of export from all raw materials, cloth, meat, &c., for the whole Russian frontier, there was a clause reserving for the discretion of the Stadtholder the question as to whether this prohibition should be repealed also in the kingdom of Poland. In consequence of the bad harvest of last year, and the dearth that still exists more or less in Poland, Prince Gortschakoff has availed himself of this discretion to prolong the prohibition of export of rye, barley, oats, peas, flour, pearl barley, and potatoes; furthermore, in e6nsequence of the various diseases still raging among the cattle, their export is also forbidden; the only articles that appear, then, to have been set free are furs, cloth, and dstled liquors. On the 21st inst. solemn thanksgivings were offered up in allthe churches of Warsaw for the peace lately concluded in Paris, on which occasion also the Imperial manifesto was read aloud to the congregations; the Prince Stadtholder and all the highest civil and military dignitaries attended the service in the metropolitan cathedral of the Trinity. In the Saxon garden theworks are now being commenced for completing the reservoir that is to supply the whole water-service of the town. In a very short time it is expected that all the works will be completed. All further fears of the cholera having now been dispelled, the practice of smoking in the streets is no longer permitted; as long as this scourge was supposed to be floating in the air the smoking of tobaccowaspermitted asa means of disinfecting the atmosphere. In Warsaw there is a great talk of the grand reviews which the Emperor is to hold of the troops that are returning from the Crimea and generally from the South; and the '¶Yarsovians are reckoning very confidently on a visit from the Emperor next month. The chief .round of this expectation appears to be that the usual preparations are being made there that generally precede the visit of some august person. It is not impossible that this august person may be the Grand Duke 1icholas, coming to assume the government of the kingdom. In spite of the near approach of 'he retirement of Prince Gortschakoff from the administration of the kingdom of Poland, his zeal and assiduity in the duties of his office are stated not to relax in the least; these qualities are spoken of as the more remark-able as exhibited by a Russian officerof rank. As an instance of this zealous forethought for his province, it is mentioned that a few days back he had the statuates of the new gas company that is being formed there laid before him that he might make hiinself acquainted with its nature, and introduce similar improvements into the othertowns of Poland. The levy of recruits that was to have taken place on the 17th of MIarch has not been countermanded definitively, but - only postponed, so that the farmers may not be deprived sooner than indispensably necessary of the requisite hands. Topreventanypossiblemistake on this subject, the various locad governiments received instructions on the 2d of April to explain this clearly to the population, so as to withhold them from making domestic arrangements as though no levy were at hand. A reduction of the force on the frontier is looked forward to as one of the consequences of martial law having been suspended. Passion week has been kept with unusual solemnity in 3ussia this week by the Greek Church, in which it falls one month later than with us. The Archbishop Arsenius had performed the ceremony of feet washing on 12 ecclesiastical persons. The,Tow,sel deSt. Petersbourg publishes thefollowina Imperial order of the day to the Militia:- Mfilitiamen of the Empire,-In his manifesto of the 29th of January, 1855, our late father of glorious memory called upon youto reinforce our brave armies for the defence of the native soil, and the hearts of his children responded to that appeal of the father. "11 ll Russia rose, animatedjby sentiments of love and of unbounded devotion, and everywhere his numerous cohorts took up arms for their faith, their Sovereign, and their country. "MBilitia of the Empire,-It is you who formed those valiant cohorts. You left your homes and your families to share the dangers and privations of troops hardened to battle; like them, you gave the example of patience, of unshaken firmness, of absolute submission, ready to sacri. fice everything for us and for Russia, which is so dear to us alL "Many have sealedtheir devotion with theirblood. They found a glorious death in the ranks of the brave defenders of Sebastopol. You have proved to the world how powerful a spirit animates the Russian people. " The war is now terminated, and we may say to you, while thanking you in the name of the country for your faithfulservices, 'Goinpeace,Mlilitiamen; childrenofRussia, return to your homes, resume your occupations and daily labours, and continue to give to the classes in the midst of which you return the example of order and submission by which you constantly distinguished yourselves in the ranks of the active Militia of the empire.' "A As a tolken of your signal services we grant to all of you from the general to the private, the right of wearing, in your retirement, the distinguishing sign of the Mlilitia, the cross granted by us this day by special regulation. " Let this cross be the mark of the zeal you displayed for the publc welfare in the extraordinary circumstances of the war which has just terminated. THE.O PA DECO." TH DIJCHY OF PARMA. I (FmOM OUP OWN corsroEPND=.) TURTN, Arara 22.. The increasing difficulties, amounting almost to impossibility, of obtaining reliable informatibn of the state of affairs in Parma, by reason of the personal risk incurred by those within the radius of Austran power corresponding with the exterior on subjects of so delicate a nature as the military government of General Crenneville, have been the cause of your not receiving intelligence from there for some days past. But, does it not seem strange that neither the French, British, nor Sardinian Government is in a position to receive more authentic intelligence than The Ti es? Some time since it was generally understood in official circles at Turin that the Marquis Sauli had been desired to repair to Pains, in order that the Duchess. might have the advantage of other counsels than those exclusively Austrian, in case she chose to avail herself of them; but those instructions appear never to have been forwarded, and at the moment when the Conference at Parns was reported to have been occupied with the state of Italy the Governments above-mentioned were without any recognized source of information as to the p)r6ceedigs of the Austrian Generals in the Duchy of Parma i It is not often tthat England requires the presence of a representative at the little Court of Parma, and, except on such momentous occasions as the presentation of letters of con-. dolence or congratulation, he is seldom seen there; hut it will probably occur to some 6f those members of the House of Commons who take an interest in the diplomatic service - 'that ~when there. i: tan accredited Minister it is his duty to be there at a time like this,-both to keep his Government rigPiy informed, atd~ to afford protection to-British subjects; andthiat the latter is no imaginaryduty I give you the following anecdote, which was told me by a person of the strictest integrity, lately.- amrved from Farina:-. - eMtbli d ,a French subject, a dentist, had been establishd at Parmna some months, and enjoyed a very profitable busines there. Early one morning, about a week ago, a commissary of police, accompanied by a guard of Austrian soldiers, ap peared at the door of his apartment, and told hum he was required immediately at the head military police-offlce, wrhither hie was forthwvrith marched under escort of the, guard. There he underwent a strict examination as to his associates and correspondents, &c., and, as nothing in kis answers gave any evidence of misconduct, the Guard was again despatched to fetch his papers; and these having been most carefully read, and found equally void of proof against him, he demanded to be set at liberty (it being then 5 o'clock in the evening), and he urged his appeal wi& all the energy of a man with an empty stomach, having been kept without food all day. The plea, howeve;, had no effect on the Austrian military ofticial who had the disposal of his case, and who seems to have decided the matter in his own mind beforehand, for, instead of dismissing the hungry man to his home and to his dinner, he ordered him into a carriage which was in waiting, with two Gendarmes, and despatched him to the frontier. M. -103t no tine in applying to the French Minister at Florence for redress, and the consequence has been that the Parma Government is obliged to pay an indemnity of 4,000f. for'this little caprice of some of its Austiian protecters, an expense which it certainly would have been spared had there been a French representative to see justice done in the first instance. As the accuracy of the report that Austrian troops were about to occupy the fortified places of and Campiono, and the town of Pontremoli, on the Piedmontese frontier, has been questioned by some German papers, I have been at some pains to ascertain the precise grounds on which it rested, and I have now good authotity for saying that fully three weeks since this occupation was contemplated, and dispositions to that effect made among the Austrian troops ; but no orders have yet been issued to the Parma engineers to prepare the quarters, and it is quite possible that the publicity given to these designs may have the effect of preventing their execution. But, though the fact of the extended occupation is doubted, the right to do so is sought to be proved-one paper contending that as' the Sardinian posts had been strengthened on their-side of the frontier, to prevent the spread of any insurrectionary movements, the presence of Austrian troops on the other side ought to be regparded as an additional security; and another, more ingenuous, declaring that Piedmontese institutions were a constant danger for the peace of Italy. The state of siege at Parma is continued -with unrelaxeed rigour. Evening amusements are, of course, out of the question, as no one is allowed in the streets after 10 p.m. The rich therefore are gLad to escape to the country, and the poor, suffer both from their absence and from the obstructions to trade imposed by the state of siege-one of the regulations being that commercial travellers shall not remain more than 24 hours in the town. Arrests on suspicion continue to be frequent, chiefly among the working classes. The Austrian soldiers are now the real police of the city, ancd General Crenneville is the tyrant of Parma. The history of his becoming so is instructive for those who 'wish to understand the secret of Austrian influence over the smaller Governments of Italy. When the Duchess of Farma was induced, or rather forced, by the Austrian General to sanction the execution of several persons for the emne of last summer she forfeited the popularity which she had gained by her otherwise well-advised policy after her husband's death, for those executions were regarded by every one cognizant of the affair which led to them as so unnecessarily harsh that all confidence was lost in the Government which permitted them; and there is good reason to believe that the murders or attempted murders wlhich have occurred since resulted from the revengeful' feelings of the friends of the executed towards the officers engaged in their condemnation. Even when, about a month since, the Duchess signed the decree establishing the state of siege, it is supposed she had no intention of ceding all authority to the Austrian General, though, perhaps, stupified by the accounts of murder and plots which reached her (as is probable enough in a woman who had lost her father and hulsband by assassination), she. may eventually have consented to- it. She is 3aid, moreover, to i be religious to excess,Hand much under the infiuencj of a Jesuit priest as well as of one or two other persbns who have been recommended to. her by the Duchess de Berri, and who are strongly suspected . of being the cause of her mistrust of her own subjects and confidence in Austria. As it is, persons holding high office under the Parma Government declare, that .Austrian intervention and Austrian Custom-house laws are the ruin of the country, and that the ill-feeling excited by them are the true origin of the unpopularity 'of the Government; but the severest trial for the loyalty of the citizens of Parma who wish to uphold the independence of their' Government was the insulting proclamation issued by General Crenneville immediately after the publication 'of the decree of the state of siege, wherein he assumed the. command and dictated terms by virtue of his seniority, for, in the first place, General Crenneville was not the senior officer, there being a General Crotti, of the Parmesan army, who is senior to him, and, in the nest,-though they give the Duches3 credit for much goodwill,-.they seem to think it an unpardonable weakness in one so highly placed to allow herself to be led or driven into an injustice towards herself and the people she has been called on to rule over. No wonder, when we see this state of things in Parma, that Austria opposes all discussion on Italian affairs in Congress, and that Rome supports Austria with all' the power of spiritual tyranny (though it does seem the veriest swagger of impotence, when the latter talks of making any interference a cames 'bei); but no wonder also if the people of Italy, finding all reform denied them, place their faith in revolution. Such a consummation may suait the views of Austria, but it is not likely to prove agreeable to either France, England, or Sardinia, or in fact to any well-ordered member of the community of nations. We read in a letter froR Rome of the 16th:" The recent robbing of the Pontifical muail,-near Frosinone, gave rise to a judicial investigation, which has hitherto produced no result. It is, consequently, very natural that the banditti should continue to infest the highways, particularly between Rome and -Naples. On Friday last an Englshman left this place in a postchaise forNaples, with his daughter, a female friend of the latter, and a servant. Between Velletri and the small town of Cisterna, at the entrance of the Pontine Marshes, just as the sun wa5 setting, six brigands suddenlry surrounded the carriage, with their guns levelled'at the travellers. The two young ladies were ordered to alight, and conducted to a ditch on the roadside, where they were told to remain, with their backs turned,while one of the ruffians, armed with hisgun,watched over them. Inthemeantimethefive others robbed lxr. S-- of his money, his watch, and every other valuable article. The brigands then withdrew, and the ladies returned to the catriage. A quarter of an hour afterwards. the Pontifical mail came up, and thus escaped being robbed, for it appear, these bauditti were determined to attack it, although they' knew it to be escorted by four Gendarmes. The day before yesterday an E nglish lady was proceeding from Albano to Porto dAnnio; she had orly travelled a few leagueS when sre met twvo itahan gentlemen, returning from a hunting excursion, who told her that they had just beeastopped. and robbed by brigands. The English lady, of course, deemed it prudent to retrace her steps," -
MfIETROPOrrAN TURNPIKE ROADS.-The 13th report of the Commissioners of the AMetropolis Turupike. Rloads north of the Thames was published yesterday. The commissioners regret that they have not yet been able to carry into execution the rebuilding of the second canal bridge oni the Harrow-road, and the contemiplated improvement of the road from Harrow to the railway station, owing to the continued obstacles to their getting' possession of the land recuired. The lettings of the tolls at public auction realized 5,400l. le.ss than in 1854, and the reduction appears to have extended to all the districts. In consequencei however, of a reduction in the price of granite, &c., the whole expenses have still been kept within the limit ofE income, but it is obvious that no further reduction of, the tolls in any of the districts can be at present effected, auid. that no improvements, except of a limited character, can be undertaKIen. The publie experienced much inconvenience and the roads sustained much injury last year from: the construction of sewers and the laying dowvn of mains by the water companies. The estimated amount of the present floating debt is 9,OOOl.; the receipts from tolls (exclusive of those on the Warylebone and Finchley and the New North.R4ads) amounted- to -60,3971. (the receipts fromiall sources of income to 78,717.); and the expeuditure to 74,31M.
'HE--CONFEREYCES. , . - L 7At one of the let meetings of the Conference3 a number of mxbjete of Europetn interest were disiuni`6 'not necesarily inciuded in the mi3sion of the Plenipotentiaries, wbich will be found describec in the following Protocol:- "PROTOCOL No. 22. "Sitting ofApril 8,186.-(Tran8ltJon.) "(Preset-TheP le otentizzies of Austra, France, Great Britain, Prusi, Kussia, Sardinia, and Turkey.) e The Protocol Df the preceding sitting is read and approved. "eThEarl of CLARMSDOIr remarks that in the last meeting, and in consequence of the other Plenipotentiaries not be)mg yet in a position to accede to other propositions, the Congress had confined itself to agree;ng upon the rasig of the blockades. e anounces that the PMenipotentiaries of Great Britain are now authorized to make lknown that the restrictive decisions imposed on the occasion of the war on comnmerce and navigation are on the eve of being revoked. - "The PlenipotentiariesofR ussia having repeated the corresponding declation which they made in the sitting of the 4th of April, and all the other Plenipotentiaries haing expressed a favounble opinion, the Congress determines that all the measures, without distinction, adopted at the comnmencement Pr on the prospect of war, and having for their object to suspend commerce and navigation with the eniemy, shill be abrogated, and that in all that concerns either commercial transactions, without excentin" from them contraband of war, or the despatch of merciandse, and the treatment of merchant vessels, matters are everywhere replaced from this date on the footing on which they were before the'war. " The Plenipotentiariea of Russia announce that theyhave received orders to declare, in reply to the request which had been made to them on the subject, that the port of Sebastopol will be opened to the vessels of the allied Powers, in order to accelerate the- embarcation of their troops and of their materiaL They add that the instructions which have reached them allow them to give the assurance that the evacuation of the Ottoman territory in Asia by tho Russiau army will commence immediately after the exchange of the ratifications; that, as soon as the season and the state of the roads shall admit of it, the transport of the magazines and of the material of war will be proceeded with- and that the general movement of the Russian army will be effected simultaneousy with that of the allies, and willbe concluded at the same time and within the periods fixed £or the evacuation of the other territories. "In the name of the commission charged with the prep ration thereof, "Baron BouRQuNEKy reads a draught-of instructions in,tended for the commissioners who will have to proceed to the Principalities, according to the terms of article 2S of the treaty of peace. ' The Earl of CLAV%N-DO. remarks that the Congress, in takin" up the question of the Danubian Principalities, proposed'to itself as a primary object to elicit the expression, freely uttered, of the wishes of the pople, and that this object might possibly not be realized if the Hospodars remained in possession of the powers now at their command) and it might possibly he proper to devise some arrangement calcnlated to insure complete freedom to the D)ivans ad hoc. "The first Plenipotentiary of Austria replies that the admaipistration should not be meddled -with at a period of transition such as that through which the Principalities are about to pass, unless with extreme caution, and that it would tend to compromise everything if an end were put to all existing powers before fresh ones ha been constituted that, in any case,the Congress shouid leave to thePorte the care of adopting the meaures which might be deemed necessary. "AAT PAsiA states that possibly the existing administration does not offer all the guarantees which the Congress might desire, but that there would be danger of anarchy if any attempt were made to deviate from the legal order. *The 13arl of LARESNDON represents that he by no means intends to propose the subversion of the whole of the powers, and, with other Plenipotentiaries, he remarks that the authority of the present Aospodars is approaching tlhe term fixed by the arrangement which intrusted it to them, and that, in order to keep within the bounds of legal order, this is precisely the moment for deliberation. "Several Plenipotentiaries lik-ewise remark that the organic law anticipates the interruption of the power of the Hospodars.,- - ''Afteirthese explanations the Congress decides that it leaves to the Sublime Porte to. adopt, if occasion arises,Ion the expiration of the powers of the present Hospodars, the measures which may be necessary and proper for fulfilling the intentions of the Congress, by combining the free expression of the wishes of the Divans with themnaintenance of order and-respect for the legal state of things. 'On the proposl of the first Plenipotentiaries of Great Britain and of France, and in order to prevent any conflict or discussions which might give occasion for regret, it is likewvise agreed that'thelirman 'which is to decree the convocation of the Divans ad hoc shall fix therules to be observed in regard to the presidency over those assemblies, and the mode of their deliberations. "After having taken these resolutions, the Cong°ess adopts, subject to some modifications which are inserted in tbeni,Tthe instructions of which M. le Baron Bourqueney presented the projQct, and which are annexed to the present Protocol.* "Count W,. r%vsi says that it is desirable that the Plenipotentiaries, before they.separate, should interchange their ideas on different subjects -which require to be settled, and which it might be advantageous to take up in order to prevent fresh boniplications. Although specialty assembled for settlin the Eastern question, the Congress. according to the first Plenipotentiary of France, might reproach itself for not having taken advantage. of the circumstance which brings together the representatives of the principal Powers of Europeth clear up certain questions, to lay down certain principles, to expressintentions-in fine, to make certain. declarations, always and solely with the view of insurinng the future tranquillity of the world, by dispelling the clouds which are Itill seen looming on the poltical horizon before they become menacing. It cannot be denied, he says; that Greece is an abnormal State. The anarchy to which. that counatry was a prey has compelled l?rance and England to send troops to the Pirmeus at a time when their armies, nevertheless, did not want occupation. The Con. gress knows in what stateGreece was;* neither is it ignorant that that in 'which it now is is far from being satisfactory. Would it not, therefore, be advantageous that the Powrers represented in the Congress should manifest tho'wish to see the three urotecting' Courts take into serious consideration the deplorable situation of the kingdom which they have created, and devise means to make provision for-it ? Count Walimiki does not doubt that the Earl of Clarendon will join with him-in declaring that the two Governments await with impatienco the time when they shall be at liberby to terminate an occupation to 'which, nevertheless, they are unable, without the most serious inconvenience, to put an end, so long as real modifications shall not be introduced into the state. of things .in Greece. The first Plenipotentiary of France then observes that the Pontifical States are equaUy in an abnormal state; that the snecessity for not leavingthe countryto anarchy had decided France as well as Austria to comply with the demand of the Holy See, by causing Rome to be occupied by her troops while the Austrian troops occupied the Legations. He states that France had a twofold motive for complying, without hesitation, with 'the demand of the Holy See-as a Catholic power and as a European power. The title of eldest son of the church,' which is the boast of the Sovereign cf France, makes it a duty for the Emperor to afford aid and support tothe Sovereign Pontiff; the tranquilUity of the Boman htates and that of the whole of Italy affects too closely the maintenanlce of socisl order in Europe for France not to have an overbearing interest in securing it by all the means in her pow er. But, on the other hand, it is im,possible to overlook the abnormal condition of a Power whuch, in order to -mnaintain itself, requires to be supported by foreign troops. Count Walewski does not hesitate to declare-and he trusts that Count Buol will join in the declaration-that not only is France ready to withdraw-her- troops, but that sho earnestly desires to recall them so soon-as that can be done witlhout inconvenience asregardstheinternal tranquillityof the country and the authority of tlie Pontifical Government, in the proSperity of which the Emperor, his august Sovereign, takes the most lively interest.-- The first Plenipotentiary of France represents how- desirable it is for the 'balance of power in Europe that the Roman Government should be consolidated in sufficient strengthfor theFrench andAustrian troops to be able, without inconvenience, to evacuate the Pontifical States, - and he considers that a wish expressed in this sense might not be without advantage. In any case, he does not doubt that the assurances which might be given by France and Austria as to their real intentions in this respect would have a salutary influence. Following up the same order of ideas, Count Walewslki aks himself if it is ' not to be desired that certain Governments of the Italian peninsvla, by well-devised acts of clemency, and by rallyin- to themselves minds gone astray and not perverted, shonld put an end to a system which is directly opposed to its object, and which, instead of reach: tog the enemies of public order, has the effect of weakening the Governments and of furnishing partisans to popular faction.- In his opinion, it would rendeS a signal servce to the Government of the Two Sicilies, as well as to the cause of 'order in the Italian peninsula, to enlighten that Govern.' nent as to the false course in which it is engaged. He isoE opinion that wanings conoeived in this sense, and proceeding from the Powers represented in the Congress, would be the better received by the Neapolitan Government, as that Government could not doubt the motives which dictated them. The first Plenipotentiary of France then says that he must call the attention of the Congress to a subject which, although more particularly affecting France, is not the less of great interest for all the Powers of Europe. He considers it superfluous to state that there are everv day printed in Belgium publications the most insulting, the most hostile against France and her Government; that revolt and assassination are openly advocated in them; he remarks that quite recently Belgian newspapers have ventured to extol the society called 'L a Marianne,' the tefidencies and object of which are knowia; that all these publications are so many implements of war directed against the repose and tranquillity of France by the enemies of social order, who, relying on the impunit'y which they find under the shelter of the Belgian legislation,- retain the hope of eventually realizing their culpable designs. Count Walewaki declares that the intention and sole desire of the Government of the empire is to maintain the best relationis with Belgium; he readily adds that France has reason to be satiafied withthe Belgian Government and with its efforts to mitigate a state of things which' it is unable to alter, its legislation not allowing it either to restrain the-excesses of the press, or to take -the initiative in a reform which has become- absolutely indispensable. We. should regret to be obliged to make Belgium comprehend the strict necessity for modifying a leislation 6which does not allow its Government to flfi the firstof international duties-that-of not assailing, or allowing to be sailed, .the internal tranquillity of the neighbouring States. Represent'tiLns addressed liy the stronger to the the less strong- havey too- macn the appearance. of menace, and that is what we desire to avoid. But if the representatives of the great ?owers of Euiope, viewing in -the ame light with ourselves this nmeessity, should find it usefua to epress theii-opinion.in t12is respect,it -is more than probable that the Belgian Government, rel2ing aupon all reasonable persons i Bgium, would be able toyput an. .end to a state of things which ennol; fail sooner or a%ter to give rse to difficulties and even real' dangers:, which. it is the interest of Belgium to avert beforehand. Count Walewsld proposes to the Congress to conclude its w;ork by a declaration 'which wrold constitutc a remarkable advance in international law, and wLhich would be received-by.the whole world with a sentiment of lively gratitude. The Congress of Westphalia, he adds,.sanctioned liberty of conscience; the Congress of Vienna, the abolition of the slave-trade and the freedom of the navigation of rivers. It would be trily worthy of the Congress of Paris tolay down the basis of! a uniform maritime law in time-of war as regards neutrals. The fourfollowing principles would completely effect that object I The abolition of privateering. 2. The neutra flag covers enemy's goods, except contraband of war. 3. Neutral goods, except contraband of war, are not liable to ca77ture, even under enemy's fags. 4. Blochades are not binding, except in so far as they are effective. This would indeed be a glorious result, to which none of us comuldbe indifferent. "The Earl of C ALR.N-ox, sharing the opinions expressed by Count Walewsli, declares that, li-e Fiance, England proposes to recall the troops which she,was obli-edto send to ireece so soon as she shall be able to do so withc7at inconvenience to the public tranguifllit, but Lhat it is necessary, in the first instance, to provide sohid guarantees for the mlaintenance of a satisfactory, state of things. Accordingto him, the protecting Powers may agree among themselves upon the remedy which it is indispensable to apply to a system injurious to the country, and which has altogether departed from the object which they had proposed to themselves when estalishing there an indepe.dent monarchy for the wellbeing and the prosprity of the Greek people. The first Plempotentiary of Great Britain remiarls that the treaty of &arch 30 opens a new era; that, as the Emperor had said to the Congress on receiving it after the signature of the treaty, this era is that of peace; but, in order to be consistent, nothin- should be omitted to render that peace soEd and fasting; that, re;presenting the principal Powers of Europe, the Congreis would fail in its duty if, on separating, it smctioned by its silence a state of things which is injurioustotho politicalequilibrium, and which is far from securing peace from al danger in one of the most interesting countries of Ehrope. ' We have just provided,' continues the Earl of Clarendon, ' for the evacuation of the different territories occupied by foreign annies during the war; we have just taken the solemn engagement to effect the evacustion within the shortest period; how would it be possible for us not seriously to advert to occupations-hich took place before the -war, and to abstain fom devising means for putting an end to them?' The frst Plenipotentiary. of Great Britiin does not consider it of any use to inquire as to the causes which have brought in foreign armies upon various points of Italy, but he considers that, even admitting that those causes werelegitimate, it is not the less true, he says, that the result is an abnormal and irregrular state of thingS which can be justified only by extreme necessity, andwhich should come to an end as soon as that necessity is no longer imperiously felt; that, nevertheless, if endeavours are not made to put an end to that necessity, it will continue to exist; that, if we are content to depend upon the armed force instead of seeking to apply a remedy to the jUst causes of discontent, it is certainthat. a system little honourable for the Governments, and lamentable for the people, will be rpetnated. He conceives that the administration of the Roman States presents inconveniences whence dangers may arise which the Congress has the right to attempt to avert; that to neglect them would be to rum the risk of labourng for the benefit of the revolution which all the Governments condemn and wish to, prevent. The problem which it is a matter of urgency to solve consists, he conceives, in combining the retreat of the foreign troops vith the maintenance of tranquiUity, and the solution depends twn the organization of an administration which, by reviving confidence, would render th3 Government independent of foreign suaDpor; that support never succeeding in maintainin a Government to which the public sentiment is hostle, and there would result from it, in his opinion, a part which France and Austria would not wish their armies to perform. For the wellbeing of the Pontifical States, as also for the interest of the sovereign authority of the Pope, it would therefore, in his opinion, be advav'lageous to recommendthesecularizationof theGovernmenm, and the organization of an administrative system harmony 'with -the spirit of the age, and having for its object the happiess of the people. He admits that this reform might perhaps offerin Romeitsalf at the present moment certain difficulties; but he thins tiat it might easily be accomplished in the Leqgations. The first Plenipotentiary of Great Britain obsrves that f or the last eight years 1Bolonna has been in a state of siege, and that the rurl districts are harassed by brigands; it may be hoped, he thinks, that by establishing in this part of the Roman States an administrative and judicial sybtem, at once secular and distinct, and by organizing there a national armed force, security and confidence would rapidly be restored, and the Austrian troops might, shortly withdraw without having to apprehend the return of fresh troubleB; it is, at least, an eiperiment which, in his opinion, ought to be attempted, and this remedy proposed for indisputable evils ought to be submitted by the Congress to the serious consideration of the Pope. As regatds the lNeapolitan Government, the first Plenipotentiary of Great Britain is desirous of imitating the e-xample given him by Count Walewski by passing over in silence acts which have obtained such grievous notoriety. He is of opinion that it must doubtless be admitted in principle that no Government has the right to interfere in the internal affairs of other States, but he considers there are cases in which the exception to this rule becomes equally a right and a duty. The Neapolitah Government seems'to him. to have conferred this right, and to have imposed this duty ueon Europe -and as the Governments represented in the ongress are ail equally desirous to support the monarchical principle and to repel revolution, it is a duty to lift up the voice against a system which keeps up revolutionary ferment among the masses instead of seekng to moderate it. 'We do not wish,' he says, 'that Deace should be disturbed, aud there is no peace without iushce; we ought, then, to make known to the Ring of Naples the wish of the Congress for the amelioration of his system of government-a wish which cannot remain without effect-and require of him an amnesty in favour of the persons who have been condemned or who are imprisonedwithouttrialforpolitical'offences.' Asregards the observations offered by Count Walewsi-i on the excesses of the Belgian 2ress, and the daugers which result therefrom for the adjoining countries, the Plenipotentiaries of England admit theiriimportahce; but, as the representatives of a countryin which a free and independent press is, so to say, one of the fundamental institutions, they cannot associate themselves to measures of coercion against the press of another State. The first Plenipotentiary'of Great Britain, while deploring 'he violence in which certain organs of the Belgian press indulge, does not hesitate- to declare that the authors of the execrable doctrines -to which Count Walewsli alludesthe men who preach assasbination as the means of attaining a political object-are undeserving of the tection which guarantees to the press its liberty anr its independence. In concluding, the Earl of Clarendon observes that, lik-e France, England at the commencement of the war -sought by every means to miitigate its effects, and that with this view she renounced, for the benefit of neutrais during the struggle which has now come to an end, principles which up to that time she had invariably maintained. Ee adds that England is disposed to renounce them definitively, provided that privateering is equally abolished for ever; that privateering is notbing else than an organized and legal piracy, and that privateers are one of the greatest scourges of war, and our condition of civilization and hnmanity requires that an end should be ptto a system which is no longer suitable to the present dy. If the whole of the Congress.were to adopt the proposition of Count Walewshi, it should be well understood that it would only be binding in regard to the Powers who may accede to it, aind that it could not be appealed to by Governments who may refuse their accession. "Count ORLoMFobservesthat,the pcwers with whichhe is funished having for their sole object the restoration of peace, he does not consider hinself authorized to take part in a discussion which his instructions had not provided for. " Count BUOL congratulates himself on 'seeing the Goveriunents of Fraice and England. disposed to put an end, as speedily as possible, to the occupation of Greece. Austria,- he gives the aksurauce, 'wishes most sincerely for the prosperity of that kingdom, and is equally desirous with France that all the States of Europe should enjoy, under the protection of public law, their politidal independence and complete prosperity. He does not doubt that one of the essential conditions of 3o desirable a state of things exists in the wisdono of a legislation so combined as to prevent or repress the excesses of the press wbich Ccunt Walewsh, with so much reason, hasblamed when speaking of a neighbouring State, and the repression of which miust be considered asaEsuropeannecessity. Hehopes thatin anl the States of the continent where the press presents the same dangers the Governments will be able to find in their legislation the means of restraining it within proper limits, sand that they wiU thus be enabled to secure peace against fresh international coinplicatiDus. As regards the priniciples oif mnaritime law which the first Plenipotentiary of France has proposed for adoption, Count Buol declares* that he appreciates their spirit and bearing, but that, not being authorized by his instructions to express an opiniosi pon a matter of such importance, he -must, for th time, confine himself to aneouncing to the Congress that he is prepared to request the orders of his Sovereign. But here hc.says, his task must end. It would be impossible for him, indeed, to discuss the internal situation of independent States, which are not represented at the Congress. The Plenipotentiarne have received no othet commission than to apply themselves to the affairaof the Ivant, and they have not been convened for the purpose of making known to independent Sovereigns wishes in regard to internal organization of their States; the full powers deposited among thej acts of the Congress prove this. The instructions of the] Austrian Plenipotentiaries, at all events, having defined the object of the mission which has been intrusted to them, they would not be at liberty to take part in a discussion which these instructions have not auticipated. For the same reasons, Count Buol conceives that he must abstaiu from entering into the order of ideas adverted to by the first- Plenipotentiary of Great Britain, and from giving explanations upon the duration of the occupation of the Roman States by the Austrian troops, although adherinb entirelyandcompletely to the words uttered by thefirst Plenipctentiarl# of France on this subject. " Count WrsLEwsz observes that there is no questionl either ofadopting definitive resolutions or of entering into engagements, stll less of interfering directly with the internal affairs of the Governments represented or not represented at the Congreis, but merely of consolidating, of compTeting tewoik of peace, by taking into serious consideration beforehand -the fresh complications which might arise, either from the indefnite and auustifiable pro- Iongation of certain foreign occupations, or from an unseasonable ind impolitic Lystem of severity, or from a turbulent lientiouess at variance with internationsl duties. - "'Baron HVuNXPR replies that the ,Plenipotentiaries of Austria are not authorized either to give an assurance or to exprms wishes; tht reduviod ti' th Aus' army ITbe commiion mot hadrng yet been appob-te, it ws agreed bi the ConVes ta tstte imtructions souIA not St present bo mxdj public. in the Legationz suffiiently shows, in hig opinion, that The Imper Cabinet intend. to withdraw its troops as soon as such s hnle lx eonsidered opportune. "Baron M rxuupsxr declares that he knows enough of the intentions of the .ing, his augi¢st master, not to ive his opinion on the qestions on which the Congres3 As engaged. althong he has no initructions ba the ubrject, The DiarPdime principles, says the first 3?enipotentxary of Prussia, Ttic he Congress is ixvitead to adopt, -have alwtays been profeased bv - Prussia, -who -has constantly exerted - herself -to otain '-their ±ecognition; an e considers-hinself authorized to take - t mi the aignature-of.-any- act' having for its object their defi adtive-sion into the public law of Europe. He expresses his conviction thit his Sovereign would not -withhold his approval from- the agreeinent which might be eslabliahed in this sense among the Plenipotentiaries. Baron Mfanteuffel by no means overlooks the- treat importancW of-the other quoestions *hiclr lave been discussed, iut -he observes that an aflair of the utmost interest for his- Court- and for Europe has been p;uised over in silence; he -refers to the present situvation of &eufchateL He remarli3 that this principality i, perhaps,i The only point inEuarope wrhere, in contradiction to treaties and towhat has beenl formally recognized by ill the great Powers, a revolutionar o wer disregards the rights of the Sovereign -ho holds s way. Baron Manteuffel demands that 'his question should be included in the number of those to be inquired into. He adds that the King, bsis Sovereign, anxiouslywshys for the prosperity of the kingdom of Greece, snd that ih irdently desires to wimness the disappearance of the causes wFhich have produced the abnormal state of things Jocca. sioned by tne presence of foreign troops; he admits. Ihowever, that it might be proper to examine into circumdtuces calculated1 to present this natter inits true light. -As for the steps wshich it might beonsidered advantageoustohale, in what relates to the state of affir.s in the kingdom of the Two Sicilies, Baron Manteuffel ob5erves that such stehs might present various inconveniences. He ays tnat at night be well to ask oneself whether admonitions such as those which have been proDowed -would not excite in tho country a spirit of oppositioi and revolutionary movements, instead of answering to the ideas which it had been contemplated to carry out, oertainly with a benevolent inteiition. He does not deemit proper to enter upon an examination of the actual situation of the Pontifical States. He confines himself to expressing the desire that it may be possible to p lace the Government in a condition which woild hence. forth render superfluous the occupation by foreign troops. Baron Manteutffel concludes by declaring that the Prussian Cabinet fully admits the pernicous inflaence exercised by tihe press, subversive of all regular order, and the dangers which it pro tesby preaching up regicide and revolt; he adds, that Prusia would voluntarily take part in- the inquiry into the measures which might be deemed suitable for putting an end to such practices. 'Count CAvousR does notmean to question the nght of each plenipotentiary not totaLe part in the discussion of a quesion which is not contemplated by his instructions; it is, nevertheless, he thinks, of the untmost importance [that the opinion manifested by certain Powers, in regard to the occupation of the Poman States, should be recordsdin the Protocol. The first Plenipotentiary of Sardinia states that the occupation of the Roman States by the Austrian troops assumes every day more of a permanent character that it has lasted seven years, and that, -nevertheless, no indication appears which would lead to the supposition that it will cease at a more or less early period; that the causes which gave zise to it are still in existence; that the state of the country which they occupy is assuredly not improved; and, that in order to be satisfied of this, it is enough to remark that Austria considers herself obliged to maintain, in its utmost severity, the stale of siege at Bolota, although it dates from the occupation itself. He observes that the presence of the Austrian troops in the Legations and in the Duchy of Parma destroys the balance of power in Italy and constitates a real danger for Sardinis. The Plenipotentiaries of Sardinis he says, deem it, therefore, a duty to point out to the attention of Europ a state of things so abnormal as that which results nromthe indefinite occupation of a great part of Italy by Austrian troops. As regards the questionof Nasles, Count Cavour shares entirely the opinons expressed bv Count Walewsld and the Earl of Clarendon, and he concevesithat it is in the highest degree importnt to suggest modifications which, by appeasing passins, would render less difficult the regular progress of affairs inthe otherStates of the peninsula. "Baron HEluaxB., on his part, says that the first plenipotentiary of Sardinia has spoken only of the Austrian occupation, and kept silence m regard to that of France; that nevertheless the two occupations took place at the same time, and with the same object; that it was impossible to admit the argument drawn by Count Cavour, fromn the permanency of the state of siege at Bologna; that if an exceptional state of things is still necessary in that-city while it has long since ceased at Rome and Ancona, this appears at the utmost to prove that the dispositions of the people of Rome and of Ancona are more satisfactory than those of the city of Bologna. He remarklsthat in Italy it is not only the Roman States which are occupied by foreign troops; that the wommunes of Menton and of Roquebrane, forming part. of the princpality of onaco, have been for the last eight years occupied by Sardinia; and that the only difference which exists between the two occupations is, thzt the Austrians and the French were invited by the Sovereign of the country, while the Sardinian troops entered the territory of the Prince of Monaco contrary to his wishes, and maintain themselves therein notwithstauding the remonstrances of the Sovereign of the country.- 'In reply to Baron HUBNEsR, 'Count CAvouR says that he is desirous that - the French occupation should cease as weil as the Austrian, but that he cannot help considering the one as being far more dangerous than the other for thle independent Sta'tes of Italy. He adds, that a small roaps cratmnFe, at a great distance from France, is menacing for- no -one; whereas it is veryalanmsi-nto see Austria resting ou Ferrara and on Placeuta, the fortiications of which she is enlarging, contrary to the spirit if inot to letter of the treaties of Vienna, and extending herself along the Adriatic as far as Ancona. Asforlionaco, Count Cavour declaresthatSardinia is readyto withdrawthe 50 men who occupy Menton, if the Prince is inX a condition to return to -the country without exposing himself to the most serious dangers. Eesides, he does not consider that Sardinia can be accused of having contributed to the overthrow of the ancient Government, in order to occupy those States, since the Prince has not been able to maintain his authority in the sin&le town of M Monaco, which Sardinia occupied in 1l48 in virtue of the treaties. "Baron Biluwow thinks it is his duty to point out a part,cular circutance,-that the occupation of Greece by the allied troops took place during the war, and that relations being happily ze-established betwveen the three protecting Courts, the time is arrived forcoming to an un- erstanding as to the means of reverting to a situation in conformity with the common interest. He gives the asstuance that the plenipotentiaries of Russia have received with satisfaction, and will eagerly transmit to their Government, the intentions manifestedin this respect by. the plenipotentiaries of France and of Great Britain, and that ]ussia,wviti a conservative object, and with a view to ameliorate,the state of things existing in Greece, will readilyjoini in every measure which may appear calculated to effect the purpose cont.emplated in the foundation of the ellenic kngdom. The plenipotentiaries of Rusa add, that they will take the ordes of their Court upon the proposal submitted to.the Congress relative to maritime law. Count Walewsli congratulates himself onhaving induced the plenipotentiaries to interchange their ides on the que tions which have been discussed. He had supposed thiat it might have beenpossible, perhapswvith advantage, to express themselves in amorecompleteinauner on some of the ssib1ects wihich have fixed the attention of tbe Congress. 'But such as it is,' he says, ' the interchange of ideas which has taLken place is not without advantage.' The first plenipotentiary of France states that the result of it is, in effect:- " L That no one has contested the necessity of seriously deliberating as to the means for improving the situation of Greece, and that the three protecting Courts have recognized the importance of coming to nn understanding amuong themselves in this respect. "2. That the plenip)otentiaries of Austria ha;e acceded tothe wish expressed by the penipotentiaries of France for the evacuation of the Pontifical States by the French and Austrian troops, as soon as it can be effected without prejudice to the tranquillity of the country and to the consolidation of the authority of the Holy See. " 3. That the greater part of the plemipotentiaries have not questionel the good effect which would result from measures of clemency, opportumely adopted by the Governments of the Italian peninsula, and especially by that of the Two Sicilies. "; 4. That all the plenipotentiaries, and even those who considered themselves bound to reserve the -orinciple of the liberty of the press, have not hesitated loudly to condemn the excesses in which the Belgian newspapers indul-e with impunity, by recognizing the necessity of remedying the re inconveniences which result from the uncontrolled license which is so greatly abused in Belgium. "That, finally, the reception given by all the Plenipotentiaries to the -idea of closing their labours by a declaration of principles in the matter of maritime law, must give reason to hope that at the next sitting theywill have received fromn their respective Governments auithoritvto adhere to an act which, while completing thp work of the Congress of Panis, would effect an improvement worthy of our epoch." (The signatures followv.)
CRImE LN YOP.aSHIE. -Notwithstanding the opinion expressed by Mr. E. Denison, in the debate on-the new Police Bill on Friday night, in respect to the state of crime and the vigilance of the parochial constabulary in West Yorkshire, it is certain the inhabitants of-that part of the country have but too much reason to be dissatisfiedwiath the degree of insecurity to life and property which prevails there. Since Sir G. Grey quoted the opinion of Mr. Wilson Overend, the chairman of the Sheffield sessiens, several very darin- outrages have been committed in'the neighbourhooa of %iheffie1d, Rotherbam, and Barnsley, -the particulars of some of which delinquencies have appeared mn 27w Tincs, and in only one instance havethe offenders been captured. Only the other week a strong party of eight or ten men broke into a house at Conisbbrougb, near Iotherham, and were beginning to rifle it, but were fortunately compelled-to decamp by a gentlemzan, who'was passing on horseback, raising an alarm. Not far from that locality a gan; of 12 or 14 men, with black'masks on, were met a few nights ago on the highway, and two burglaries were heard of shortly afterwards. kAbout the sune time 3Mr. J. Senior, of Leeds. treasurer of the West Yorkshire Loan Society, while on the road from Healey to Batley, in company with his wife, ws waylaid, at 8 o'clock in the evening, by 'fonr men, one of whom thre* Mrs. Senior on the ground, and held her by the throat a-hile the other three attacked Mr. Senior, who -had a-severe struggle withthem, ws severely dioLked and braised, *d only escaped further maltreatment and the loss of his)moneY by the approach of other persons. A regularly organied police force would be much more likely to grapple'v tth these- desperate maruders tha.n the 3parish constables, whose exertions, whaltever they nay have been -wrtl, have just received "a heavy blow and sore discouragement. by a considera.ble reduction of their fees ,nq expenses, which has ma,dethem thQrov.ag.hly indTeft to their L duties2 - *'. - .?~ ~.j4
ROLTS' COURT. ClirAmR"Pv.T.A-t A1pTT. mfl wls IMANCHIESTER AND SHEFFILD AND ln3COLXSIMMB }ILW.V ONwrPAv IV TMfPt1 r (Bcfore tVLi Ms3ryaof the R&Sri5& This case came before the Court on an application to restran an action of ejectment commenced against the above company by the defendant, for the purpose of recovering a piece of land now used by the company, but not ineluded under the terms of a deed of conveyance of the ,IOth of Augustf 1841. It appears that when the Manchester and Sheffield taijlway Company ootained its act,. in 1837, a Mr. Joe Sidebottom, of Harewood-hall, Broadbolton, in the county of Chester, was a director of it, and shareholder to a considerable amount- and the 8th and 9th clauses of the company's deed stipulated that the railvy should not pass nearer to Mr. Sidebottom's house than the distance of 100 yards, and that a certain part of it, which passed through his estate, should be carried over on arches. For some engineering reasons it was found necessary somewhat to deviate from the course of the line as originally proposed, and to mal-e use of embankmnents instead of arches in that part of it which passed near Harewood-hall, and an agreement was entered into between Mr. Sidebottom and the company, under which the former consented to perniit the line to pass ten yards nearer to his house thaan had been previously stipulated, and conveyed to the company a piece of land, the extent and dimensions of which were accurately set forth in the deed. The line having been constructed in due course, it now appeared that the land adjoining MIr. Joe Sidebottom&shouse, made use of by the company, and upon which theline w,as actuallyconstructed, and now eing worked, exceeded the dimensions defined in the deed of August, 1841, .and Mr. Joe Sidebottom having died, the parties entitled to a beneficial interest in his property now disputed the right of the company to appropriate and make, se of the land in excescs in the manner which the company had done and were doing. The company, on the contrary, contend that Mr. Joe Sidebottom itended to convey to them that portion of land which they required to carry out their line as altered, and as known to 31r. Sidehottom, and attribute the difference between the land conveyed and land used to a mistake in the deed at the time, which evidence is adduced on the part of the company to prove. The case was proceeding when the Coart rose. 3Mr. RI Palmer and Mr. Osborne appear for the railway company; the Solicitor-General, Mr. RoupeD, and Mfr. Xarslake for the defendant.
VIC71C00ENXCELLOR' COURTS. APRIL 30. ELLIOTT V. LNCF. (Before Vice-Chancellor Sir J. STuABT.) This was a motion on behalf of Dr. Forbes WinsIow, Dr. Alexander J. Sutherland, Dr. Robert Barnes, Mr. George Simpson, surgeon, and Dr. H. J. Caldwell, to vary the certificate of the Chief Clerk by addin- their names respectively, or some of them, to the schedule of creditors of the late7Mrs. Catherine Cnuming, whose estate was in a course of administration under the decree of this Court. A portion of the claim of Dr. F. Winslow and Dr. Sutherland arose in respect of services rendered by them to Mrs. Cunmming in pursuance of orders made by the Lords Justices in November and December, 1851, and a part of Dr. Caldwvel's claim was founded on a promissory note given to him by Mrs. Cumming in AU"ust 1S51, for thesum of 351.10s. 9d, for attendances upon Ter,'with a view to qualify himself to give evidence on her behalf before the inqcuisition appointed to inquire into the state of her mind. As to Dr. Barnes's claim and the residue of the claims of Dr. F. Winslow, Dr. Sutherland, and Dr. Caldwell, they were for attendances made by them upon Mrs. Cummning, at her owfn request, with a view to qualHthemselves to give evidence on her behalf before the inqua_ition already mentioned. The claim of Mr. Simpson arose in respect of similar attendances made at the request of .Cuniing's solicitors. The Chief Clerk had disallowed all the claims. 31r. rVIGscLr and Mr. C. HAi, in support of the motion. contended that the services rendered by their clients. to Mrs. Cumming did not fall within the ordinary sphere of the duties of a physician. Those services were rendered for the bene5t and protection of Mrs. Cumming, and should be regarded in the same light as necessaries supplied to her would have been. For these her estate would have been beyond dispute liable. Mr. Bacon and M-. W. Morris for the plaintiff, Mr. Burdon for Mrs. Ince, and Mr. Malins and Mr. Hemming for other defendants, were not called upon. The VICE-CHASCELLOR said that the claimants, some of whom were of high reputation and great eminence, seemed to have acted with great benevolence and liberality to Mrs. Cumnming, and they deservedthe consideration of the Court. The simple question w,-as wihether they were entitled to prove as credit4rs of Mrs. Cumming, and he found no just grounds on which he could hold they were so entitled. 2\o case of a similar nature bad ever before been brought under the-consideration of the Court, and the reason for that was plain, inasmuch as the persons who vere looked to for remunerating services such as those rendered by the present claimants were the solicitors who had the conduct on each side of the proceediigs before the inquisition. He must refuse the fmotion, except as to the promissory note of Dr. Caldwell, which he coud not overlook The costs of all parties would be costs in the cause. (Before Vice-Chaincdlor Sir W. P. WOOD.) Nothing of any public interest occurred in this court during the dav. BARNARD V. BAGStIAW-LtKE BATHMRST ArSTRLALSLW- GOLD 3MINIG COMPANY. To avoid any possible misconception of our report in this case as to that part of the Vice-Chancellor's decree relating to the liability of the several defendants in respect of the 40,000 shares delivered to Iron and Harvey,for the'purchasse of the land.we think it right to state that the effect of the decree as to this vart of the case is, in fact, to fit such defendants with a liability to the extent of 1. (the value of each share), in respect of any claim which shall be made and established in the Judge's Chambers against the company on any of the 40,000 shares so delivered.
COURT OF QUEMS BENCH. WEsTn=-sm. ARTT. .'.fl THE Q -Rx (ON- THE PROSECUTION OP THE CHURCH- WARTDENS AYN-D OVNERSEERS OF EASTWOOD) V. THE EREWASIr CANAL CnMPANV (S.Cings in Banco, before LOrd CAMPBELL and JusCi,eJ WIrET.Lix. ERRL. and CRomir'rOS - This was a case for the opinion of the Court, which raised the queestion whether the Erewvash Canal Company wiere rateable to the poor-rate in respect of their occupation of the land crossed by the canal. Mr-. ;acaulay, Q.C. (with whom was Mr. Boden), appeared in support of the rate. Iord C.USP13ELL said their Lordships were all very glad t see the learned gentleman back again, after his long illness. 3r. MvutLA,y, having acknowledged the compliment, proceeded to state that the canal in question was constructed nader the pow'rs of an act (17th George III.) which authorized the company to take certain rates or duties, and then enacted that *the said rates and duties shall be exempted from the payment of any taxces, rates, assessments, or imposition wh.atsoever." His contention was that the object of that section of the act was not to exsempt the land from rateability, bat only the increased profit which might be made from it by the outlay of capitaL The land was still rateable as land, on the same scale as the adjoiniag land. It was true that in a similar case (" R. v. the Calder and libble N.avigation Company," 2 B. and Ald.) this Court had held that company to be exempt; but the learned counsel contended that, as the reasons given for the decision were unsatisfactory, the Court would overrule it. Mr. Serjeant Hayes and MIr. Udall, who appeared for the appellants, were not called upon. Lord CAM1PBELL said that if the question had been y es 2ltegra, he should have been disposed to decide in favour of therate. Tlheland wasrateablewhentheactpassed ahdit -required stiong language to satisfy him that the Legislature intended to throw a burden upon the other occupiers of land = the parish by exempting some of them from th3e payment of poor-rates. The wvords in the present act were not, in his (lord Campbell's) judglemt, sufficient to exempt the company from the payment of rates; but it had been decided this Court in ISIS that land which had been converted into a canal was not rateable, and he (Lord Campbell) was not bold enough to overturn that decision. One of the Judges in that case (M1r. Justice Bayley) hesitated, but Lord Ellenborough, 3r. Justice Holroyd, and Mr. Jusitice Abbott, afterwards Lord Tenterden, concurred in the judgment. In his (Lord Campbell's) opinion the company were entitled to the exemption wlhich they claimed. The other Judges were of the same opinion.0 Judgment for the appellants, and rate quashed. SIEVEKLNG V. MAAS. This case came before the Court upon a demurrer to the defendant's plea. The action vas brought by the charterer of a ship against the master and part-owner, to recover damages for the breach of a contract of chartv.party, whereby the defendant undertook to bring home a car a of timber from the Baltic to one of several ports in treat Britain "as ordered on signin". bills of lading, ol nith lundwall and Fock at Elsinore, downwards, &cc." The case had already been tried by Lord Campbell without a jury, and his Lordship found that the defendant had waited a reasonable time at Nlsinore for orders. The demurrer to the defendant's plea raised the question whether the defendant was bound to do more than wait a reasonable time for orders, and whether, finding that no orders had arrived, it was not his duty to avail himself of the electrc telegraph and communicate with the plaintiff Mr. MLxasTy, in support of the demurrer, contended that when the defendant arrived at Elsinore and found no orders, it was his duty to telegraph to the plaintiff, which he might have done in one hour. Mr. Bovill, Q.C. (with whom was Mr. Honyman), support-ed the plea. Lord CAmPBELL said he thought it would be very unreasonable that the defendant should be reuired to communicate with the plaintiff. The plaintiff undertook to send orders to Elsinore, but he neglected to do so. The captain was bound to wait a reasonable time for orders, but no orders caine. He then took that course which he might reasonably believe to be advantageous for the charterer of the tel e rah hor byacutter.g y he electric The Pother Judges being of the same opinion, Judgment -was given for the defendant.l (sieint,g5 at Hi Prius, at Guildlud4 iefosr 3fr. JustICe COLsZnan udeo Carmon Jus-ies.) COULTD V. WZBB.I Mr. Edwin James and Mr. D. B. Daly appeared as coun- sel forthe plaintiff and r. J Brown for the defendant. I Mr. DA opened the pleadings Theaction was brought to recover an amount of salay due to plaintiff from defendant, and also damages for a wrongful dismissaL. The declaration contained two counts on a special contract and the mnoney counts. Thc defendant had -pleaded 13 pleas. The plaintiff had demurred to five, and got judgment on 'them. The jur would have to asses damages on the demufiers, and find the issues joined on the other pleas. MIr. JAMES stated the case. Notwvithstanding the formidable'aspect of the record the issue for the jury was a simple one. T'he plaintiff, hr. Bobert H. Gould, an American-by birth, and aon of a Judge, was a gentleman of great literary attainments, who had acted as European correspondent of the New York Courier and Inquirer, of which the defendant, Major-General Webb, was proprietor. The actiQn was brought to recover the balance of salay inthat capnacity, and damages for dismissal without notice. The plainE had acted for some time as correspondent of an association of several American papers to which the defendant belonged. In the course of the year 1850 he received theollowing letter from Mr. Raymond, a partner of the defendant -- "Courier and Inquirer-office, New York, June 25, 1850. .-From the Ist of July proximo we wiU pay you for a letter by every steamer, averaging a column a- week, S500 per annum. This sum to cover all demands on the office. "Yours, Lw., "H. J. RxxosnD. The plaintiff continued to write under that engagement, until he received the following letter from the defendant:- "Office of Courier, New York, June 13, 1851. . .-From the 1st of July, however, your salary WM be 50?., in addition to your present salary of 1001. per annum. . . This advance is made upon the express stipulation that we receive a letter by every steamer, together with the latest intelligence. That you have seriously intjured yourself in the estimation of the Associated Press -I deeply [regret. . . But you gave them unnecessary trouble with your accounts. . - IUnder no circumstance whatever must you drawr in advance hereafter. "Yours,&c., " J. WATSON WEBB?' The Associated Press referred to was an association of the Newr York papers, which shared the expenses of transmitting by telegraph from Halifax to New York and Boston a summary of newrs which the plaintiffforwarded by every steamer. The dispute arose about some difference as to the plaintiffs account, but it was ail set right before the defendant entered into his last contract with the plaintiff. The letters were regularly sent by the defendant for some time. On the 17th of January, 1852, he received the following letter - "Courier and In1quirer-office, New York, Dec. 30. "Dear Sir,-I am directed by General Webb to say that upon receipt of this your engagement as corresDondent for the New York Courier and Inquirer wil be terminated. Youare awaze that the sam now due, or which may become due to you, has been attached at the instance of a Mr. Dethridge. 4 " The whole amount due to you wiU be paid to the party the law may designate as soon as the legal proceedings will permit. "Yours, LC., "0G. H. .L'.rixws.?' This letter abruptly terminated the connexion between the parties; the plainti5ffclaimed 1501for one year's salary up to the 1st of July, 1852; out of that t50. had been paid to Dethridge, and another sum of 5?., leavi ng a balance of 951.- and he frther claimned SiX months' salary in lieu of notice of dismissal, making the total 1701. He had great reason to complain of the treatment he bad received, and he had been put to considerable expense in making arrangements for his correspondence. Mlr. Robert H. Gould, the plaintiff, stated he came to England as Secretary to the American Legation, and afterwards remained, at the suggestion of defendant, as his correspondent. In 1844 he was sending letters to a New York daily paper. General Webb, being desirous of obtaining bis services, offered him an engagement for the Courier, at a certain rate per letter. The letters appeared under the signature "Anglo Nickerbocker." That arrangement continued up to June, 1850. In September, 1850, General Webb came to England. He then saw him, and said he was ready to accept Mr. Raymond's offer provisionally, but considered it a great hardship after his long connexion to have his emolument reduced from 3001. to 1001. a-year. General Webb said he could do nothing till he returned to America, and he (the plaintiff) therefbre accepted the engagement at the salary of 100 guineas. That arrangement continued until he received the letter of June, 185L The difference with the Associated Press was in connexion with his claim for the expenses of preparing the summaries. He continued to send letters pursuant to the new arrangement until nearly two months after he received the letter of the 30th of Decemboer, 1851, which reached h7im on the 17th of January, 1852, but none were inserted after the 1st of January; he had got no notice of dismissal before that; he was then under liability to persons in Liverpool and elsewvhere, with whom he had made pennanent engagements to assist him. He was chiefly dependent on his literary exertions, and the effect of his dismissal was to suddenly stop his principal source of income. There are three classes of engagements on the London press; editors, sub-editors, and article writers are generaly engaged by the year, and are entitled to a year's notice. The next class are the sessional Parliamentary reporters, who are engaged specifically for the session, and whose engagement expires with it; and, thirdly, the general reporters, who are engaged' for the year at a weekly salary; they are entitled to three months', or in a few instances to a month's notice. Wlith regard to the European correspondents of the American press they are always considered entitled to a year's notice w hen thenr engagement is annual. During the six months that he received the increased salary ho only missd writing twice; on one occasion he was ill, on the other the train was late forthesteamer. The Couric7 istheleading Conservative journal in the United States. Cross-examinedby Mr. J. BRowN.-He had been correspondent to the Newv York Spectator and to the San F7ancisco ricayune; the Latter engagement was annual, and there was an express stipulation for a year's notice, but he had no Prsonal experience of the custom of 12 months' notice, gis annual expenses connected with the correspondence were at least 501.; he had an agent at lLiverpool at a guinea a-week. He had been, on intimate terms wSith General Webb for many years, but was under no Particular obligations to him. He believed General Webb terminated his engagement because he was annoyed at the attachment put on by Mr. Dethridge; he denied positively that it was on account of his having drawn m anticipation of his salary, or having negotiated duplicate draughts for the same sums There was no reference made to this subject in his conversation with General Webb in September, 1850. There was one complaint of an irregular draught, but that was before his engagement at a regular salary. During the year 1851 he drew four draughts on General Webb's office. Mr. J. BBow- informed his Lordship that the Court of Queen's Bench, in their judgment on the demurzers, had decided that any alleged iregularity in the defendant's draughts was not a legal ground of dismissal; but, with his Lordship's permission, he would give evidence of the fact to the Jury in mitigation of damages. Sl Justice COLEP.IDGE said he could not admit the evidence. Cross-examination continued.-He did not miss sending his letters on more than three occasions in the last six months of 1851. His salary was paid up to July, 1851. He claimed it up to July, 1852, the end of his first yenr of his positive engagement, and six months more in lieu of notice. Re-exanmned by BMr. JA:zEs.--He received the following letter from General Webb "New York, May 8, 185L " Dear Sir,-Your letter, enclosing me the leader in the I rot, has been duly received, for which I tender you my ac- Iknowledgments . . . Permit me again to thank youfor your kindness in defending me against the assault of Tue Tin.es, the true cause of wvhich is to be found in the enclosed article of the 10th of Mlarch and many others of the same tenour which I have published since my returm Publish this in a Protestant paper, together with the fact that by 'conicted felon' was meant my havin- pleaded guilty to having fought a duel with a niember a Congress, Mr. Mlarshall of Kentucky, nephew of the old Chief Justice, for which I was, according to law, sentenced to the States' prison for two years I . . Iwish these two facts-the prosecution in which Iwas a convicted felon, and my article, which I enclose, one of many-published and put forth fairly before the British publiC. I agso send an article against free trade in England of January 26th, 1851. These two, forming part of a series, show why The Times is my enemy, and you must have them republished. Yours, "3 J. WAtTSON WnsB." He vwote a defence of General Webb in Thte Times and Post in reference to this charge. General Webb was woundted; and got two years' imprisonment. Mr. Marshall got free on account of his privilege as a member of Congress. (Laughter.) Mr. J. Br.owx said that General Webb had been examined in this case before the Master, but after the opinion expressed by his Lordship he would not read the deposition. Mr. JAmES then summed up for the plaintiff. He submitted he was clearly entitled to one year's salary, and it was for the jury to consider how much more as compensation for his sudden dismissaL MIr. 3. BRcoxs, for the defendant, stated that the case made by the defendant on the record was that the irregularities of the plaintiff in drawing and negotiating his draug7hts were so great as to justify his dismissal; but the Cout tof Queen's Biench had decided those facts were no answer to the action; and, after the expression of his Lordship's opinion, he would not attempt to offer evidence of thent in mitigation of damages. From the plaintiffs own evidence it appeared that the increase of salary was given on the express stipulation that the defendant was to receive a letter by every steamer. He (the plaintiff) had failed in at least three instances, and he submitted he was therefore entitled to only the lower rate of salary for that period. WFith, regard to the dismissal, the plaintiff had entirely failed to show the existence of a custom to give twelve months' notice; he had, in point of fact, received nearlysix months', which, under the circumstances of the case, was quite sufficient; even were it not so, a verymoderate amount of damaaes would meet the justice of the case, as it appeared that, in point of fact, the plaintiffdid not receive more than 401. over and above his expenses. His LonDsmP, in summing up, said that the plaintiff made two claims-one for salary due, the other for damaages for wrongful dismis.al. As to the first, the only question was at what rate he was entitled to be paid for the year ending July, 1852. The defendant contended that, as he missed sending his letters on three occasions, he was not entitled to the higher rate; but it would be very hard on the plaintiff if he was to be deprived of his salary oR such grounds. Every contract of this kind was made subject to unavoidable -contingencies. With regard to the damages for dismissal, the, laintiff had failed to show the existence of any custom. If the jury gave him his salary up to the 1st of July, 186, it would substantially be nearly equivalent to sir months' notice. If they thought he was entitled to longer notice, they would increase the damages. The jury found for the plaintiff-Damages, 1701. HUMFEEY V. DAIE AND O0HEiRS. Mr. Serjeant Pigott and 3fr. Kemplay were counsel for theplaintiff, and r. Nanisty for the defendant. The action was brought to recover damages for the dafendnts' breach of contract in not accepting ten tons of linseed oil, sold them by the plaintiff. It appeared that in the month of August last the plaintiff directed hia brokers, M§essrs. Thomas and Moore, to sell for his account ten tn .. , j~*co %-cpt b-I r'I'tb~~~~~~ 'f oil to be delivered in February ; he received from them a sold-note " Sold 3eses-Dflle, Morgan, and Co. ten tons of oil," &e. On the 27th of Febraary plaintiff tendered the oil, which defendants refused to receive, and they then stated they had only acted as brokers for a Mr. Shenk, for whoseaccountthey hadpu-chasedit. Mr. Shenkhadbeen declared a bankrupt in January. The plaintiff re-sold the oil at a loss of 1011. 5s., to recover wvhich this action was brought. The only question in the case w as whether, according to the custom of brokers in the Baltic trade, a broker buying goods and uot disclosing the namae of his principal s;as personally responsible to the seller for the amount. A sale of this sort was stated to be known as a " close contract." Some evidence having been given of the existence of such a custom, it was arranged that a verdict should be taken for the plaintifi with leave to the deferidants to move to have it entered for them if the Court should think the custom was not es'ablished. Verdict for the plaintiff accordingly.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, WEsTiaysTtR ApB3L 30. FosTtr. v. sMaTH. (Sittings in Banco, Eastr 2erm, before Lord Chief Jueice JERVIS, and .Tudices CREMSELL, CROWDEIR, and WiLLYSA1 hi s was an appeal from a decision of the County Court Judge of Cambridge. The action was brought to recover back 441., the price of a mare alleged to have been soldwith a warranty, and which was afterwards.returned. Mr. Field app d for the plaintiff; and Mr. Collier, Q.C., and Mr. Mils for the defendant. The defendant, it appeared, sent the mare to a Mr. Sparrow, a veterinary argeon, to be sold, and the plaintiff contracted with him to purchase her for 44L, saying "I sup pose she is aU right, to which Sparrow answered, " If se *s not right she IS not yours." He further said he believed the mare to be perfectly sound, but Mr. Smith never warranted a horse. If he had misrepresented her he would take her back at any moment. The mare was returned to Sparrow in three months, and the price demanded back from the plaintifl The County Court Judge on the facts found by the jury,-that the mare was unsound; that she was sold with a warranty; hut that,it was given without the defendant's authority; and that she was received back by Sparrow en the plaintif's account,_directed the verdict to be entered for the defendant. The facts being insufficiently found, The CmEX-JusTIcE said there must be a new trial. Yr. COLLIER.-There have already been two trials, my Lord. The Cumx-JuSTCE.-Then, it must betriedathird time. I am very sorry it should be so, but justice is at the parties' doors, and cheap. New trial ordered, with costs of the appeaL Sl JOHIN BAR} B MILL V. ER >MJESTY'S COMMS . . SIONERS OF THE ENV FOREST. This was a special case reserved by the Commissioners of the New Forest for the decision of the Court of Common Pleas. MIr. .L Smith, Q.C., and Mr. Hodges appeared for the plaintif, .and Mfr. WiUes for the defendants. It appeared by the case that by the statute 9 and 10 William IS., eap. 36, all grants of common or rights of common in the New Forest were prohibited. In 1810 a tenant of Sir John il had encroached on the common bybuilding a house and making an enclosure, which he claimed, and in respect of which he claimed certain rights; and having occupied more than 30 years he now claimed the land and those rights as indefeasible under Lord Tenterden's Act. The COrTwere of opinion that the iudu ent must be for the defendant. Since the time of wViimam IIIL there could be no prescription, and no grant from the Crown by reason of the statute. This was an attempt to get from the Crown, by reason of the laches of the officers of the Crown, thbt which the Crown could not by law give. The Crown had shown the commencement of the presumed grant, and since the passing of the act of William i. it was impossible for it to have been made. Lord Tenterden's statute, therefore, did not confer the right relied upon. If the pos session were of a nature which might have arisen lawfully, then, after 30 years under Lord Tenterden's Act, it wasnot to he defeated by showing its origin; but the Crown had shown that the possession commenced at a particular time, and when it conmmenced it could not arise lawfully. Judgment for the defendant. (Sittings at Nis! Prius, at Guijidhall, before Mhr. Justice WranLAms and Comnzon rTurica.) THOMAS AND ANOTHR V. CLARE. This was an action brought by the plaintiff;, who are machine-makers and engineers at Carnarvon, to recover the rice of certain goods supplied by them to the Cwmdyle Mockand Green Lae Copper Mining Company, and it was sought to make the defendant liable as a shareholder in that undertaking. The defence was that Mr. Clark was not a shareholder in the proper acceptation of the term; that, although he did hold some shares in the company, yet they conferred on him no pecuniary advantages, inasmuch as he held them as a species of trustee ; that he was not a registered shareholder, and, if he were so, his name had been placed on the register without his authority. This cause was partly tried yesterday, and resumed and concluded to-day, much time being occupied in the discussion of legal points; eventualy the only question of fact left to the jury was whether Mr. Clark's name was placed on the register of shareholders in the company abovementioned with his consent or not. The jury answered in the negative; and A verdict was then entered for the defendant, with leave to the plaintiffs to move on the points reserved during the trial. Mr. Archibald and Ilr. Powell appeared for the plaintiffi, and Mr. Collier, Q.C., and 3Mr. Wordsrworth for the defendant.
I COURT OF EXOHEOUEIW.. WED-svSDAY. APRIL O. SPECIAL PAPERI I -jIm V. TXIIE TRtUSTEES OF TRE LIVERPOOL DOCK. i.Jns was an action by the owner of a ship, who thereby sought to recover compensation for injury sustained by his vessel in consequence of her having run on a bank of mud, negligently allowed by the defendants to remain at the entrance of the Wellington Dock, in breach of their alleged duty to cleanse the said dock, and to remove the said bank, for which they had sufficient funds. The defendants having demurred to the declaration, Mr. QwLL now, for the defendants, contended that no action could be maintained under the circumstances, which disclosed not an act of commission on the part of the trustees, but one of omission, the act omitted'being one which rested with their discretion. The omission to remove the mud was therefore not culpable or punishable. He also contended that this case must be governed by that of " Metcalfe v. Hetherington," decided in Trinity Term by this Court, where the trustees of a harbour were held not liable for a similar omission- and further, thatif anyone was liable, it would be the doci-master. Mr. CLEASBY, for the plaintiff, argued that this case was distinguishable from that cited for the defendants, inasmuch as this declaration alleged a sufficiency of funds to do the act, the omission of which had caused damage to the plaint;ff's vessel. Moreover, the present defendants were a corporate body, created for the express purpose of constructing, repairing, amending, and clansing the Liverpool Docks, so that there was an actual statutable duty to remove this mud; under the statutes thus creating the defendants power to levy rates was given; and, if they were not to be answerable for injury caused to ships through the omission of so obvious a duty as the cleansing of the docks intrsted totheir care, the defendants would bean irresponsible body, and not amenable to the law. Mr. QuALN having replied, The CouPT intimated its intention to consider its judgment. (Sittings at N2ii Pins, at Guildloall, before Mr. Baron BnMAMwELL and Common Juries.) SMITH V. 3TARTEL ANID OTHERS. The declaration in this case stated that the defendants falsely imprisoned the plaintiff, and afterwards maliciously prosecuted him. Mr. KxOwLEs said he was glad to tell the jury that there would be no necessity for troubling them in this action, which had been brought to set right the plaintiffs character. The circumstances under which the action had been brought were that the plaintiffhad been a lodger in the house of tbe female defendant, and upon a certain occasion, when her property was distrained for rent, he had come forward and paid the rent, and had bought the goods at the condemned price. Subsequently, when he endeavoured to remove these goods, she had ca.'ed inthe other defendants, who had given him into custedy. The question as to the right of property had been tried yesterday in the Court of Queen's Bench, and decided in favour of the plaintifEi Under these circumstances the plaintiff was perfectly willing, on an expression of regret on the part of the defendants, to take a verdict for nominal daunages, and would not ask for any costs from them. Mr. Serjeant SnEE said he appeared for the female defendant, a Mrs. Clayworth, and the whole question having been fully and fairly examined and decided yesterday for the plaintiff, he was now ready on the part of the lady, his client, to say that no imputation of guilt to the plaintiff was intended, and to express the deepest regret that anything should have occurred to inconvenience him, there having been nothing in his conduct to justify the proceedings that had been taken against him. * r. JoYCE, who appeared on the part of the other defendants, also expressed their sorrow at what had taken place. A verdict was then taken for the plaintiff for 20s. Mir. Baron BRAMIWELL said if people would but consider that it was possible for a man honestly to make a mistake as to his right of property in goods, and not immediately give him into cusody, there would be fewer of this sort of actions.
COUBTof BANKRUPTCY, BainkhaP-stree2, ApriZ 30. IN RE ISAAC POTHECARY. (Beforc Mr. CommWioW FONBLANOUE.) Ths bankrupt, described as a boarding-house keeper, has been in partnership with Wil1iam Symes as proprietors of a lunatic asylum at Nutslalling, near Southampton. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. Venning appeared for the assignees, Mr. aUwrance for the bankrupt. The particulars of the case have been alreadOy pubbhffed. -His H0o.Nou, while acquitting the bankrupt of fraud, considered his conduct to have been so far culpable as to call for a. suspension of cerificate (third class) until December next, bemg two years from the date of the petition in bankruptcy. Protection was granted. D' TRE T. AMOR. The bankupt was an auctioneer, of Connaught-terrice, Edgeware.r . This was the certificate meeting. r. Chidley, for the asgnees, did not oppoee;Mr.Lucas TheCouBRT awarded a third-elass certificate.
- - INSOLVENT-DEBTOS COURTrAp SD. - - - I RE ROBERT ENGLAs,D. (Before the CiEm COnrnSxoi%mR.I This insolvent, a builder at Norwich, was arrestead in London, and a long inquiry took place respecting the arrest and the disposal of property. Mr. Dowse opposed and MSr. Sargood supported. The C 0 toMsssos said, the petition ws founded on a very doubtful debt indeed. The insolvent had come away from his creditors, aud had preferred two creditors. He felt bound to dismissthe petition. Di rn 3MORGAN LWIS. This wa A Welsh case, and the question was now as to costs on a rale to attach the assignee for not executing a reassignment. The insolvent was discharged nearly 20 years ago. The only debt and costs he owed amounted to 82., the eriginal debt being 4 He had an estate in Wales of aboat 71. a-year, whichmthe asgnee had received. The debt was paid, and the heir-at-law (the insolvent beingdead) required a re-assignment. There had been considerable ex e and delay in the matter. Mr. Macrae was for the heir-at-law, and Mr. Reed for the asigee,. I-teC C COonsroNEx, after hearing counsel, refused costs to either side. He said, this was a melancholy in stance of a Welsh case. The re-assignment which had been executed would be given to the heir-at-law. {Befotre Mr. Commissioner Muxvrsy.) IN RE: THOAS TURNMER. Mr. SARGOOD opposed for M1r. Thomas Chambers, M.P., from whom the insolvent rented a house, through his agents Mr. Lyons, in ClerkenwvelL He made a statement about a bill of exchange, on which he expected money, and induced fr. Lyons to wait, after which. he removed away. Mr. Commissioner MunPEy said, he should leave the insolvent soune time at the merey of r. Chambers. He seemed to be one of those men who thought landlords were fair gamle. NTo day was named for the final order.
MIDDLESEX sEssioNs, wedntesday, Apri 30. (BmreA". PASBEr, Q.C., Assistant-Judge, at Clerkesswe) atk 'Clifflord, who was found guilty on Monday of stealing a lO01.-note and two 6.-notes, the property of his brother, was brought up for judgment. It was stated that the prisoner had not given any information relative to the missing lO01.-note, or that for Mr. PAYNeE, on the part of the prosecution, sug StWd that, if further time were allowed, the prisoner migIrt yet give some information as to the missing notes. lIe was very anxnous that the prosecutor should recover his money If yossible. The officer of the prison said, the prisoner assured him he knew nothing about it. The prisoner.-I was drunk when I took the money. I ws robbed of it afterwards, and I know nothing more about it. The AsRSTAsvsTJuDGn, after stating the circumstances and remarking upon the character of thecase, sentenced the prisoner to 12 months' hard labour, intimating, at the same time, that had the prisoner told his brother where the money was to be found, or what had become of it, his punisbment would have been mitigated; and, as it was, the sentence would hlive been heavier but for the temptation which had been thrown in his way by the prosecutor keeping the money under the mattress of his bed. A question then arose as to whether the prosecutor or the beershop-keeper was to have the 51.-note which the prisoner changed with the latter and was produced in evidence, Mr. PAYaB said, this point, under the statute authorzing the restoration of negotiable securities would turn upon whether the beershop-keeper took it "for a just and valuable consideration without any reasonable cause to suspect that it had been stolen -" and suggested that the Court might order the note to be given to the prosecutor, and leave the beershop-'keeper to his remedy by action of trover. The AssssrANT-JuDGE, after considering the matter, said he thought he ought not to order the note to be given up to theprosecutor under the circumstancesander which the beershop-keeper received it. (Before Mr. CREASY, in the Second Court.) William Wheeler, the landlord of the Queen's Arms ipublichouse inthe Caledonian-road, surrendered to take his trial on an indictment, in which he was charged with indecently assaultin Fanny Cracknell, and also with committing a common assaut upon her. Mr. Ribton appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Ballantine for the defendant. The prosecutrix, a very modest-lookliog girl, 17 years of age, stated, that she nowr lived with her father at No.9, IPark-place, Clapham. She had been barmaid at the Queen's Ars publichouse, in the Caledonian-road, of which the defendant was the landlord. On the night of the 10th of March she went to bed between 12 and 1 o'clock, and when she went upstairs the defendant wasservig inthebar. She had not been in bed long-perhaps an hour or threequarters, when she was awoke by some one leaning over her. It was the defendant. Hewas dressed, withthe exception of his coat. He did not say anything to her at first; but after she had been awal;e a few moments he asked her if she would allow him to sleep with her? She replied, " Certainly not." He then endeavoured to pul down the bed-clothing, and coummitted an act of indecent assault upon her, which she described. She tried to keep himn awvay as weUl as she could. le endeavoured to place his hands in the bed, and did so once. le then went to the door, and returned, when he said frs. Wheeler was below stairs and it was all right, or words to that effect, le talked about ,coming into her room on the following night; and to get rid of him then she consented that he should do so. She was not about to leave, but she thonght she would promise her consent for the following night, having, when he had so insulted her, made up her mind to tell her mistress and leave on the following morning. When she gave this promise he went away. About l o'clock next day she left the house and went home to her father. In cross-examination she said at first, that her mistress mentioned the matter to her first the following morning, but afterwards she exulained that her mistress did not come downstairs until 1- o'clock, and she then at once told her how the defendamt had conducted himseLf to her in the night, when Mrs. Wheeler told her to go home and acquaint her friends with it. She could not say for certain that Mrs. Wheeler did not say that she objected to her husband being in the barmaid's bedroom. She got up about half-past 7 o'clock on the morning of the assault, her mistress at 12. She slept on the second floor, adjoining a private billiardroom. The waiter slept opposite. When the defendant awoke her he said "Are you asleep?" to which she replied, "Yes; what do you want?" She did not afterwards hear that the potman had seen the defendant leave her bedroom. Mrs. Wheeler did not say that if witness did not go and tell her friends she would either go herself or write. That was neithersaid to her, nor saidinher presence, She was greatly surprised to find defendant in her bedroom. Nothing liad ever taken place between them before except once, some 10 days prior, when, being intoxicated, he kissed her, and she told her mistress of that. No other liberty whatsoever had been taken. That she would most positively swear. She had been there about five weeks, and had before that been barmaid at Rosherville lioteL She served liquors, I&c., in the gardens. She was there for one season. She had not been particularly talking this matter over vith her k father. lier father had not told her that if she laughed in giving her evidence in the same why as she did at the police court the jury would not believe her. She did smile at the policecourt when they produced a letter she had; that was all. She never made free with the waiter; she was always reserved and kept him at a distance. There had been no famliliarity whatever between them, except such as was usual between barmaid and waiter relating to orders. She had heard her father say in her presence that the defendant wanted to compromise the case. Five pounds and the costs were offered at first, afterwards 201. and costs; but her father said he would have the case settled in court. She did not know that her father was in difficulties. Re-examined.-She did not scream when the defendantso insulted her because she was so exhausted she could not. She mentioned the outrage to 3Ms. Wheeler immediately she came downstairs next morning. By the CouRT.-She did not get out of bed to fasten the door after the defendant left the room, she thought it would be safer to let it remain as it was than b get out of bed. When she went to bed she was very tired, as she had been in the bar 16 hours. She slipped the bolt of the lock when she went to bed. It was a temporary lock, and was put on the door by Mrs. Wheeler. She had not power enough to scream at the time. Shelmew Mrs. Wheeler was downstairs. Mr. Ribton said, he had no other witness. Mr. Ballantine, in his address for the defence, said, juries lwere too apt, perhaps, to be led away bv a story of this kind, told by a pretty, modest-looking gia; but these -vore cases which junies should divest of aU sentiment, and investigate them to see if there might not be some reason to think that persons who were charged with this sort of offence had not acted entirely wNithout encouragement. le commented on the evidence of the prosecutrix, and asked if the jury could say that the defendant's conduct had been entirely unprovoked? The girl had been a barmaid at Rosherville Gardens, she had been a barmaid in toun, and must therefore have had some experience; yet she pretended that she did not know what to do whe6 her master used her in the way she had stated. The defendant's conduct, it could not be denied, was improper-grossly so-but he (Mr. Ballantine) trusted that the jury would not rely upon the sole evidence of the prosecutrLx, nor come to the conclusion songht for by the prosecution. le did not ii4pute direct .erju, to her, but she had told the best tale she could for Je"rs .She said she was so exhausted that she could not alarm her mistress, but she was so far in possession of her faculties that she made up her mind to leave next day, and gave an evasive promise to get rid of the defendant. Why did she not callher mistress at once? Under aU the circumstances, he submitted that the case was so clear as to there having been encouragement that the jury should acqmt the defendant. Mr. CREASY then summed up the case in a very clear and lucid manner. He told the jury the real point for them to consider was whether the prosecutrix assented in any direct or implied manmer, or whether the defendant had acted against her will. The jury found the defendant Giettilfy MNr. CEAS- said, the defendant ought to have been the girra protector, as she was his servant and lived in his house. lie sentenced himn to four months' hard labour. William lGex surrendered to take his trial for stealing a mare and a saddle and bridle, the property of Edward lr Gent prosecuted; Mr. Horry was for the prisoner. This alleged robbery took place above five years agc. It appearea that, at the latter end of 1850, the prosecutOr had some stables in Providenee-row, Finsury, and one of the horses in his possession being afficted with glanders he was desirous of sending itto Sharp's-alley to be slaughtered. His stableman procured the -prisoner, who is a petty horsejobber, to take it, and he borrowed a saddle and bridle, saying he would rather ride than lead the animal. Nothing was seen or heard of eitherhii, horse, saddle,and bridle, or money, until about a month ago, when thel prosecutor saw him on a- horse in the street, nud said to -him "H1olloa, as you seem pretty well up in the world - ow, perhaps you can pay me for that horse, saddle, and bridle you had fie' years ago to sell?" le replied that he had rmade 3aothiDg of it. Prosecutor would not allow him to go axn-v-but -took hold -of the-briidle-,of -the-horse- he-whs on and led him to a police station, but there they would not entertain the matter unless a charge of theft was inade - but the prosecutor would-not mndie such a charge until he had consulted his solicitor. On the following morning, having seen his solidtor, he gave the prisoner in charge for -tealing the hoise, &e., and when before the magUisate-the prisoner stated that he sold the hoise to a man for G1., but, instead of paying him for it, the -buyer having found out that it was glan:ered, threatened to lock him up for selling it him, so he left it, saddle, bridle, and Al] tothe'man, whom he hid never seen since, and who never pEa hbun, for it. The prosecutor said the worth of the horse to kill uas about il., and he did not authorize the.prisoner to do anythig with,it but to take it to Shrps alley to be slaughtered, and he was to bring the saddle and briale and money b.Ac to the stable. . Mta CBl ASY told the that this case involved a ooiut of criminal law, which euentl led to the greatest sibtleties of the other Prt of e law. Unless the prisoner in.tended to steal the horse when he received it into his possesioji he wa not guilty. of larceny. If he had been the prosecutor's servant it -woold have-been arceny, for then the masters possession wouldhave continued in the servant. If, subsequent to the prisoner's receiving the horse into his I possession, the idea came into his head to pass it off upon somebody as a sound horse, and then pocket the dfference between 'what he got for it and what he would have to return to the prosecutor as if he had solditat th Inackers asa diseased animal, that would not be larceny, although a most improper and disgraceful thUig to do. The jury mist be satisfied, sunder the existing kaw, that the priesger intended to stea at the time he r eceived the hors, before they could find him guilty, a sublequent intention would niot do. There was, he believed,, about to be some-change in the law uponi these matters, which appeared desirable.. The jury returned a verdict of JRot Guilty.
eO iiwc GUMnUAnL-BUen. Barry and Margaret Quick vere-l charged with stealing a shawl. three dresses, and other aricles, alue9l., under the folowing eircumstances I EdI ard Dudden, a butcher, of 13,-Wells-street, Cripplegate, said,-About half-past 1 o'clock that day he saw the two prisoners go into his first floor front room and talke up the property in question, -with which they were about to leave the premitses, when he stoppedthem, and as -soon as they sawfijinsthey droppedthe dresses on the ground. In answFer to his qnestions, Barry said they had bieen sent up there by ene of the workmnen who were engae rep@airing the house for ha]f-a-crown, and they had reoved the dresses fron. the table to look for it. Tse house was under I repair, and in consequence the locl was off the streat door, through which the prisoners had gained admission. Sergeant Speck said, when he took the prisoner Quick into custody, he observed sbe hadl some keys in her hand, but on leaving the house she threw them behind the door, and when he picked them up she denied they were hers, but susequently said one of them belonged toherdattghter's i room. The keys he produced were such as woul2d open the doors of poor people, and robberies of that description w-ere very numerous in that neighbourhood. There were three poor persons present who had been so robbed, and as the prisoners had only been in custody for an hour he axled for a remand, thathe might make some inquiry about them. Sir F. G. Moox granted the zequest, and thought it a case that should be prokecuted to the very utmost. It was cruel that those poor people should be plundered by such characters, and he hoped the officer wo ud use every exertion to ascertain who and. what thte prisoners were, with a view of removing them altogether from these practices. They were accordingly remanded. A donation of 5s. to the poor-box was presented by "C. L ILI, MAnIxtOROuGn-SThEET.--Mary Liversege, a young woman dressed in a most expensive style, was charged with picking pockets. Miss Harriet Walker, of Ripon, Yorksshire, at Present stopping at Edwards's Hotel,: George-street, said she was w ng in Oxford-street on Monday afternoon, w'hen she had occasion to stop in consequence of an accident that ocetirred to a horse. The prisoner purlled her dress quite Tound and put her hand into her pocket, and took out her Purse, which contained 6O. 10s. in. gold and 14s. in silver. Shesaid to the prisoner, "You put your hand intomy pocket and took out my purse." The prisoner repled " This is all the money Ihave," showing a florin, and was walking away, when she gave her into custody. The prisoner declared that the complainant was q.uite mistaken, ir, supposing that a person, of her respectability would be guilty of picking pockets. Mfr. Lewis subsequently attended for the prisoner, but failed to shake the complainant's evidence. Mr. BlNror4er derided on remanding the case for inquiry into the character and connexious of theprisoner. WEST1ssMTE-Ellen Sheen, an Irish girl about 17 years of age, was charged with stealing a valuable dimnond ring. The prisoner offered the ring in pawn to Mr. Jacques, pawnbroker, Tachbrook-steeet, for os., when he inquired where she got it from, upon which she told a long story about its being a present from a young man to whom she was about to be married. Mr. Jacqueswasdissatisfied withI her account, and seutfor thepolice,who, havi'gascertaineda the addiess of the prisoner's father, discovered that she was in service with a lady named Dunlop. Mfrs-Dunlop, of l49, Cambiidge-street, Pimlico, identified the ring as her property, and said it had been stolen firom a draver ii her dressing-cise. 'The prisoner bad only been in herservice.a week. .. Police-constable James Johnson, 106 B, produced a key found- upon.the prisoner, which opened the drawer in. question. The accused was remanded. CLERxENwELL.-Mary Knight, a servant out of place, was charged with stealing a silver spoon, the property of Mr. Swan; of the Turk's Head Inn, Old Kent-road, It appearei from the evidence of Sergeant Ell, 39 S, that yesterday morning, from information he received, he went to the shop of Mr. Griffiths, apawnbroker in Somerstown, and sawthe prisoner there, having in her possession a silver spoon broken in two. He inquired of her how she came by it, wheen she 'gave severa accounts of it, but upon questioning he further'he ascertained that she had lately left the service of Mr. Swau. He then took her into custody, *hen the prisoner said it was all right, ind that she had several other silver spoons in her possession, but upon prnceeding to her residence he was unable to find any. He then called on Mr. Swan, who at once identified the spoon, and stated that it had been missed for some days. The prisoner, who had been discharged the day before for stopping outk had hitherto borne a good character. rO. CoRsR said that robbery y servants was a very serious offence, but, as he believed it to be her first offence, he should only sentence the prisoner to one month's ihaprisonment with hard labour.
[Advertisement.]-Pictures in the Royal Collections.- The "Ait Journal' for Mfay, price 2s. Gd., contains engraiinga from the pictures of "Amalil," by G. E. Hering; and "The Children n the Wood," by J. T. Peele, both at Osborue; and one from Spence's Statue of "Spring." The literary contributions include:-" Muistrels of the 3liddle Ages," by the Rev. E. L. Cutts, illustrated: " Porcelain Works of Mess. Kerr and 11nms," illustrated; -Exhibition of the Society of British Artists " "Novelty in Fancy Work," iltudiated; 'British Artists, No. 14-T. Cresewidc, R-A." illustrated; " Tne Marine Aquarium," by Alr S. Ca Hall- "Vhitby Jet and Anniopite Ornaments." by R. Hunt, F.ll.S.: " The National Galery and ita Defamers," c. Vintuc and Co., 25, Paternoster-row. *Advertisement.]-Bducation the Birthright of AMl.- John Cassel, vwith the view of promoting the education of the people, proposes to place within the reach of aD iwho have simply the abiLity to read, the means of building up for themselves a soUd and useful education. For this purpose "John Cassell's Educational Course in weelay numbers, lid. each, will commence being issued on Saturday, Ytay 10; each number will consist of 32 pages, deny octavo, with engaved diagrams. The itst portion of the course will be "&Fyience Popularly Explained," or 4,000 questions upon various branches of sdence, with Ilain and intelligible answers. London: W. Ken% and Co., Paternoster-row- and aDl boolcees. [ kdvertisement.J-Foreign Roinance.-IAght Reading for Summer Days. A choice selection of some of the mo.t beautiful ;pecmens of foreign novelists in the "Amusing Library," a eries of books imrivalledforcheapnessandelegance. Talesoflranu 2s.; Tales of Paris and its Streets, 2.c: Romantic Tales of-Spain. Is. 6Ed.; Tale; and TTaditionsof thelNetherlauds, ls. 6Ed; Tales of Old Flanders, 2s.: Tales of the City and the Plain, Is.6d. These Tolumes are entirely free from the objections sometimes brought against foreign romances, and may safely be read by al. They are beautifully printed and done up, and are soldat every railway. [Advertisement.1-Thisday, third edition, "5The Advenures of Jules Gerard, the Lion YllDer ;" (the Gordon Cummilig of North Africa,) being the only compilete and detailed recordof his achievements among the lions from day to day during his tenyears' campaign in Algeria. This is an entirely newr work, published by the auithor only in August last, and now publisbedior hin in Englana under copyright treaty, Elegant boards 2s., cloth 2s,6d. IA.esbert and OD., 461. New Oxford-strect, and at every railway. - f.Advertisement.j-Mrs. S. C.- 1U's neTw voL, " Popular Tales and Sketches," is juist out, containing IS charming talcs by this most popular authoress, now first collected and revised for the "AmusingLibrary,"pri6aonly 2s. Mrs.Ha11l's:amebhasacquireso greata celebritybothat home -andabroad,thatthbirvolume cannotbut proveauniversal favourite. Asagiftbook it isunsurpsed. ]:t is beautifully pntedand.emxeThshed, ani maybe had in elegant cloth (post free) for half-a-crown.-ikmbert and Co., 462, Nrw Oxfordstreet. and at aU railways. rAdvertiseutent.i-" Bistlshwoinms - Domestic Maga- zine, 2d.,nonthly. Writtenrbyacoomplishedauthorm llustrated by famousartists. ThelMaynmumberofthisrmagazine connmences a new volume; anditspaatsuceessbasenasledtheopross to mate such arrangements with authors, artite, and printers, as will leave it umrivaed. It is printed on superior paper and- with increased (are. The iUustrations (always nmany and good) are really the beat obtainable. Thus the proPrietors have already obtained the services of Birket Foster, John leech, aud Noel HIumpbrey Thle entleiien have Undertaken to illustrate a tale by the editor, the "`th or RoEim" commuencing in the May number. Other eminent artists wil ilustrate ahorter stories, poems. tc. among wich will be found an interesting series of "Tales of-the Operas."- Articlesonsubjecte_peculiarls inereting toe women wifreauently appear-a bitherto. The magwdne wil also preserve ita reputation for usefulneaas wellU interest. A member ofthe.Royal College of lSrgecorsa. man oS largu experience in public beapitals-winl contribute a series of -articles for guidanoe in medical and surgical emergencies. Theswyapawsill be founduncder the head "The Docter." Valuableredpesfor the toilet and the hoiuse hold lilIalsobeliberallysupplleI. fhe work-table depirtment is low placed in the experienced hands of -3frs. Pullan : and the psoprifsets reelconfideutthattheresmtof tbesearragements wlbo a m aine unapproachedin its cla. Aspecimen number wihe bent by tbe unblisber,-S.O:Beeton, 18, Ronveri-stret,tended,on- reoeipto}f ree stamps; or order of any bookseller. [Advertisement.]-Wil you dine 'with as to-day? Tlhe "life's OwunBookof Cookery," tellswiatto provide, andhowilst to dress and lay on thetable a dinner fortwoormoreinanystrie, either chean or ctly, and adapted to any income, small or lalge. Tis useful book cottains above ,50 original receipts for dishes that can be got up in any household. and is iUsmtrated th 2to descriptive engravings. "Elegant Arts fo Ladi," Ies plain iustrnctious in every elegant art and graceful- accomplishment. Price 3s. 6d. ea:h. Should beineverYlady'skkecpln. Bechstes "Rnudhookof Chain ber aud-Cage-33s (Irts. 6d. "Teasres in Needlework,"-by hlrs.- Warren and Mrs. Pullan (Ls. 6d.),-*re-the best books Oil their sub jects. SuperblyiUutrated. Ward and ock.a55,vleet-street. [Adverisement.]3-" Bell's Life. in L ondon," of Sunday neze, May 4, will contain full and exclUite prticulars of the New- mykekFuist Spring Meeting-Races for the TwioThousand and One] Thau§and Guineas-rrogramme and,amtticipations of Chester, the ChesteF Cup. &c-Horese3 Arrived and ExPecte0d-L%t-Betting, wad all-the Turf InteUigence of the Week-Steeplechaing at Ia Marche and elsewhere-AqtUtic,--Yachting-: Oxford and Cambridge Univer- t - tancesiversities ad elcwhta e -A nghinz-PedestrisciPige t Shoctin and fying-Wreadn ingthe Ring; the Championdhip- aotherortaisic Ne: and alltheSportingand {isDlneoilsIntelgcnce of theWee.l Price, stampd, 6d.; nstampd,d. - Office, 170, Strand. - - AdvertLsement.The " Eri the 15rt Deapaper in the world, and on- Saturdanext wi contain a iport=at oiinal articles upon the events of the xy-T usion of Peace anMI aesfrPubllcRejoidnIndtaand a Ds)bowij- Ftlreporo Hh(rn rwi sf ard7lshis of Li,censed Vilcjllers-The Wintes's1 Tae at Psis.eer's-'le Nemaket~8pri;g Meeting and " Touchsatone's Clampion for thec Chester Cop. Tonritstone-wsthe onlysporting wuiter,iio-proahe,led Panroletto Ia -wnb the 2,0W0 Guineas (See Era Of April 07.J-OClder ofal nesae. bcr send six potgeatampe tol;aede ncIger, 3,Cthesinstee Ltan
7AYAL .AD MILITABY TNTELLIGEN2B. A Jetter from our 3Malts correspondent dated April 24 says - "The Adelaide screw steam, transport arrived yesterday from london with Government stores for Malta and Constantnople, and having on board Lieutenant Colonel Stepmey,: of the Coldstream Guards; Ensign Torre, 17th - Captain Garston, 28th- Lieutenant Evans, 38th; Ensigns I Coventry, Goddard, and Marshal, 48th; EnsignBriclunell, 63d; Lieutenant Will and Ensigns Fordan and Weighall, 77th ; Ensgas Henderson, Masson, Ryan, and SpEller, 82ad; Assistant-Surgeon Foulden, 82d; Lieutenants Bedford and Barnet, and Ensigns Eddington, Ellis, and Mackay, 92d; Ensign Stewart, 92d; and Captain Webster. 72d. - "sthe French Government steansloop Regnier arrived from Milo on the23d, bound for Toulon, for which port she 2eft on the same evening. "The French screw steamer Prophcte arrived from Tanis on the 23d, bringing accounts of the putting into that port in a disabled state of the Waldenstein steamer from England and Gibraltar bound for Constantinople and the Black Sea. The Prophdte leaves for Tripoli this even. "T The Cleopatra steam transport, with cannons and the same passengers she brought from the East, left on the 22d for Spithead. "- he Brenda screw steamer, with a general cargo, and the Berwick steam transport, left for Constantinople on the 99d. - " The Madagascar, for the Dardanelles, and the Andes, for Constantinople, steam transports, left on the 23d. " The Lady Sale screw ste.amer left for Constantinople on dhe 23d, and atithe same time the Karnak screw steamer for liver o1L " The City of Washington English steamer, baving in tow the Lord Dalhousie sailing transport, both in the French trans.ort service, left on the 23d for Constantinople. -the Borysthine French postal steamer, from Alexandria, 3hs just arrived, and leaves this morning for M1arseilles. "Her Majesty's steamer Arid has arrived from Gibraltar. " The Sloviano, a Russian brig, talen a prize in the Black q:ea by Her Majesty's ship Curlew, was sold by public auction on the 21st, under a decree of the High Court of Admjiralty, for 415l." The Colossus, 81, and the white division of gunboat Eotilla has left Portsmouth for Sheerness. The Cressy, S1, the Captain Warren, the Russell, 60, the Captain Scott, and the Harier, 14, Commander Derriman, have left the fleet for the eastward. The Perseverance, naval steam troop transport, Comsaander 3MDonald, has left for the Crimea to bring home troops. The Brunswick, S1, Captain Yelverton, and the'b'.ue'division of gun boat flotilla, has left for Plymouth, the Sanspareil, S1, Captain Key, and the light division in tompany. The Magici-nne, 16, and Conifict, 8, have sailed for the vestward. The Vesuvius, G, has sailed for the eastward. The James Watt, 91, Captain G. Elliott; the Exnouth, 1, aptain Eyres; the Ajax, 60, Captain Warden ; and the :Driver, {, Commandier Gordon, have left for Plymouth. The Dragon, 6, Commander Stewart, has left for the East-ward. The Royal George, 102, Captain Robinson; and the 31oratio, S, Captain the Hon. A. Cochrane, have left for Sheorncss. The Hailke, 60, Captain Ommanney; the Vulture 6, Captain Glasse; and the Gorgon, G, Commander Crawford, have sailed for Plymouth. The Nile, 91, Captair.m rndy, weighed for the westvard, but anchored Sgain. Allthe coastguardsmen in the fleet have been sent to their respective stations on the coast. The feet at Spitheed is gradually being dismembered; :lready many ships have left, and now whole squadrons are erdered-to different ports. Captain Codrington's division <thewred) of gunboats will be quartered in Portsmouth harjbour. Captain Keppel's (the white) goes to Sheerness; Captain Yelverton's (the blue) goes to Plymouth. The 3Meander, 44, Captain Baillie, left the fleet on Monday evening for Plymouth. The Centaur, 6, paddle frigate, Captain Clifford, C.B., was towed into Portsmouth yesterday by the Mulldog, her machinery having broken down. The Tartar, 21, Captain Dunlop, also went into harbour last evening to me-coal. The Bulldog, X, paddle sloop, Commander Gordon, left Portsmouth yesterday morning for the eastward, towing a floating battery. The Royal Mail Company's steamship Thames, trans. port 2No. 92, sailed from Southampton yesterday afternoon with 90 men of the 46th Regiment for Corfu. The Thames will take -n board at Cork 213 men and three efficers of the )9°d Regiment, and 70 men of the 30th Foot for Gibraltar, and 100 men and two officers of the 1st YFoot for Malta. A few officers of different regimentq have also sailed by this conveyance. The General Screw Company's steamer Queen of the South, transport IYo. a35, sailed last evening for the Crimea to bring home horses and troops. The screw steamer Argo, transport No. S1, wh'ich arrived at Southampton on Sunday last from 33alakla:vawiththeC battery of Royal Artillery, disembarked her horses at that port yesterday. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's screw steamer Sinla, transport 2To. 118, sailed from Southampton for the Black Sea yester day morning. The Royal Mail Company's steamship Trent, transport 2To. 94, sailed from Southampton yesterday afternoon for the Black- Sea, for the purpose of bringing home a portion of the English army. Her Majesty's screw steam transporb lIimalaya, also left Southampton yesterday for Gibraltar mnd-Malta, where she will receive orders. The London, 90, Captain William H. Jervis, from Ports-uouth, arrived at Plymouth on Sunday, and went into Hfamoaze yesterday. The screw steamships Conqueror, 100, (Captain Thomas MA C. Symonds, Centurion, 80, Captain Woodford J. Williams, arrived at Plymouth yesterday. The Calcutta, 84, Captain William King Hall, fitting at :Devonport for the flag of Sir Michael Seymour, on the East 3ndia rtation, received her provisions and stores on Monday, and war appoinied to be removed from the basin dock to her sailing inoorings yesterdav. The lcwer yards and topmasts of the paddlewheel steamsloop Virugo, 6, were got up at Devonport on Monday. The-screw steam transport Harbinger, Captain Veflacot. arrrived.at Plvmouth on Monday to load provisions for the Crimea. The Trua,y, 14 guns, floating battery, Captain Frederick A. CampberE, arrived at Sheerness on M1onday, in towof -the Dragon, -6 gans, paddlewheel steam frigate, Captain Willilalm H. -Etewart, C.B., from Spithead. The Commnander.in-ChWf, ViceAdmiral of the White, the Hon. Wifliam Gordon, yesterday inspected the ship. The new floatiriZ battery Terror, 16 guns, arrived yesterday at Sheerness. The schooner Mary, of Goole, is unloading 65 tons of shot nndihelU at Wooil^ish Arsenal, being a residue of the contract with tne Lowrnaor founders. The Isabella and the :mi,iy hare also hauled alongside the Arsenal wharf with ireights of rhot and shril from Liverpool. The sheRl af the Nimrcd steam gunvessel, lately received at Woolwieh from Maall, is ordered to be sent down to Sheerness :iW be comp3-ted there. The building and adaptation of ±le sister vessel R oebuckisto be carried on at Woolwich. Preparations are being made at Woolwich for the receplion of the huge ffoating battery the Thunderbolt from Me--rs. Samudafs. The mortarfloat No. 117, from Mare's, :Blackwall, has been sent to Woolwich for fitment. The following appointments were made yesterday ah the I '.Admiralty:-G. H. Mansell to be Lieutenant (additional for disposal) to the Calcutta; T. W. Hallowesn to be Lieutenant (additional for disposal), to the Calcutta; John S. Compton, to be be Second Master (confirmed), to the Centaur; Rewdon fM. Lightbody to be Assistant-Surgon (conrmed), to the Amphion; Alexander MlBride to be Acting Assistant Surgeon to the Alacrity. The men and horses composing the C field battery train, landed from the ship Argo, at Southampton, have arrived at Woolswich, and have been admitted to head-quarters. The mer,appear to be in an extremely healthy and robust condition, but the horses have suffered considerably from the iengthened period of their voyage out and home, and 14 of whom died on the passage. A committee has been formed atChathamfor the purpose of raising subscriptions for the erection of a large public mnonument to those officers who fell in action during the war with Russia, or who died of their wounds. Colonel 3den, commandant of the garrison, is chairman of the committee, and the Rev. C. Green the secretary. A General Order has been issued from the Horse Guards, isated April 28, enclosing a revised schadule, shewing the age, standard, and levy-money allowed for the enlistment of zecruits for the cavalry and infantry of the line, which 3iaving received the ap-proval of the Field-MEarshad Co'n3nandmng-in-Chief, will be substituted for all orders and regulations hitherto issued with reference to recruiting, and :take effect from the 5th of May. The order states that enRistments for the limited term of two years are tobe disconiinued. The regulations regarding the re-enlistment of men are to remain in forca. The detachment of the 66th Regiment of Foot, under the Ytommand of Captain Torrens, -hich has for some weeks mast-been stationed at Taunton, left yesterday morning for 3lymoutb. Tho barracks at Taunton will shortly be toccupied by a portion of the 13th iUght Dragoons.
IAdvertisement.] -" Travels in Persia, Goorgia, and Koorilistan. with Sketches of the Cos.acks and the Caucasus." By Dr. MoritzWagner. 3 vols. Theabovework isjust published, and may be bad of nll bookselers. "We have here learning without pedantry, acuto and close observation without the tedium of uninteresting idetail,, the reflections of a philosopher intermixed with the pleasant stories andi graphic sketches of an accomplished traveller."-Literary iGazette. " ewe books give an equally clear idea of the state of the ceople. or a similar amount of interesting informationrespecting the 3)ast and present of these historic lsnds."-Observer. Hurst and 3l1ackett, publishers, successors to Henry Colburn, 13, Great Marljhorough-street. [Advertisement.1-Now ready at all the libraries, in ,vols., "John Halifax. Gentleman." by the author of "Theead x)f the Family," c. "In ' John Halfax' the author has made a conaiderable advance upon her previouw works. The great source of in±erest is an Improved and masterly execution employed upon more substantial matter. Every character is consistently conceived and very truthfullydellnebted:the incidents, the Ecenes, the 'still ife'are painted 7vith a power that oustains the attention of the reader."-Spectator. Ti$hetoryisd interesting. The attachment between John Halifax and 3his wife is beautifully painted, as are the pictures of their domestic 3ife and the growing up of the children, and the conclusion of the aok is beautiful and touching."-Athenzeum. HIurst and Blacwket, ysblL*esa,suCCeSSOrS to Henry Colburn. [Advertisement.]-" Bentleyfs Miaceflany," price 2g. 6d., !or May, contains:-Te Joint Stock b Banker, y Dudley Costelo-The Royal ALcadesoy Ixhibitio-Cor of Austria-The Spendthrift, by *W.'Eiso Ainswortb Esq. -Summer Days at Tenby-Tomn Elliot's 3?rize-Omar 1'aaha's 6asnpai-Mother Ford-rate's History or
BI2AQUET AT THE MAiVSION-.HO USE. Last night the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor and the Lady Mayoress entertained Lord Brougham, the President, and the members of the Law Amendment Society at dinner at the Mansion-house. The company included, besides the noble and learned Lord, the Earl of Harrowby, _r. Lowe, M.P., the Vice-President of theBoard of Trade; Sir Eridne Perry, 2IdP.- hIr. John Abel Smith, X.P.; Mr. Locke King, IL.;. * ir. Napier, hi.P. ; Mr. Hadfield, hI P.; * r Lloyd Davies, IL?.; Mtr. Craufurd, -P.; MTr. Commissioner Fane, Sir George Pocock, Sir William Ca nter Rowe and LadyRowe, Professor Leoni Levi, theresidents of the Chambers of Commerce of Hull, Brtol, and Worcester, the Mayor of Birmingham, Mr. Serieant Mnning, the Rev. Dr. Mortimer, Mr. Serjeant Woolrych, Mr. C. Wadsworth, Mrr. A. Pulling, Sir Henry El]is, Mr. and Mrs. hfowbiray Morris, Mr. and Mrs. Pitt Taylor, Mfr. J. F. Mracqueen, Mr. Jerdan, Mr. Loagman, Mtr. MIurray, Mfr. J. FRorster, Mr. C. Weutw orthi Dill;e, lWr. Tom Taylo, Mr -S. MTorley, and many other ladies and gentlemen. On the removal of the cloth the usual loyal and constitutional toasts were given from the chair. The Lor0P MsYos. then rose to propose the toast of the evennig. He said it was some years since he had had the pleasure of seeing the learned and distinguished nobleman on his left (Lord Brougham) a guest at the Mansionhouse; and his Lordship had that evening conferred en him the honour of his presence in connexion with a society to which he stood in the relation of president, and which, foundedasithad been forthe public good, had been for some time of essential service to tho comnn.-. nity in the beneficial influence it had exerted on-the Legislature in urging and suggesting ameliorations-in the general laws of the country. It was the good fortune of the noble and learned Lord to be known to the public alke as a great lawyer, an eminent statesman, a great Judge, and as one distinguished in art, literature, and science. (Cheers.) Knowing, as he (the Lord Mayor) did, the dislike the noble and learned Lord had te hear anything said in praise of himself, he would abstain from saying more on that point, first, from respect to the noble and learned Lzord's fee1ing~ and next because it was in the nature of an impropriety for any man to attempt to say anything in laudation of a name so illustrious and distinguished. (Cheers.) He would therefore only speak of the public career of the learned and distinguished nobleman. It had been his Lordship's good fortune to render himself early conspicuous in the House of Commons in connexion with a learned and benevolent man-the late Sir Samuel Romilly,-working, as he did, with him in shadowing out many of those great reforms in the law of which the community at large were now reaping the benefit. Lord Broughamn himself, 35 years ago, propounded other reforms of that nature which were still occupying the public mind more or less and vwere now on the point of accomplishment. There was especially one popular amelioration of the law with which his Lordship's name was indissolubly identified, and that was the act which established the system of county courts throughout the country, which had brought justice, in a cheap and easy form, home to every man's door. (Cheers.) Lord Brougham was the man who first, in a memorable speech in the House of Commons, shadowed forth the necessity for that reform, though it had only been accona- lished within the last five or six years. It wvas also to his orship's great credit that his attendance at the meetings of the LawAmendment Society, of which he was president, was constant and exemplary. He was ever ready to sanction their proceedings with his presence and to aid themn with his advice in propounding and urging upon the Legislature those reforms and changes in the law which it was conceived the state of society now rendered imperatively necessary; and it was unquestionably true that to the Law Amendment Society the country was indebted, in the first instance. for many of the a.meliorations in our civil and criminal code which had been brought about in recent years. There was another refonm in the law now under public consideration, if he mighst be permitted to allude to it in the presence of ladies-namely, in the law relating to married women. (A laugh.) That was a subject which had 'ceen under the consider.ation of the Law Amendment Society for some time, and whatever improvements, emanating from the two Houses of Parliament, migh.t take place in the law in that respect would be mainly dne to that society, for, but for it, the Legislature would no; have been able to discuss the matter with the cam plete information bearing upon it which they now pos sessed. There was also the law of limit-ed liability with respect to which his right hon. friend the Vice-Presi-dent of the Board of Trade had done such signal service to the community in his endeavours to amend it. Called for Eas that lawrwas by the requirements of the coumecrcial body of this great city in particular, it had received the greatest attention from the law Amendment Society, and in the shape in -which it would come before the House of Commons it would be found to have been greatly aided by the previous inquiry that took place at the instance of the -society in question. HIe would only say further, wvith reference to Laord Broughamn, that he was a living and illustri. ens example of one human being towering up above his fellows bythe sole force of his talents and hispatriotism, which had caused his name to be profoundlyanil universally revered by the generation among whom he lived. (Cheers.) He begged leave to propose ";The Health of his Lordship, and Prosperity to the Law Amendment Society." The to-st was drunki with enthusiasm. Lard Bs.OU<amas was loudly cheered on rising to resnond to the compliment. He said he felt unable, on behaf of his brethren, the members of the Law/ Amendment Society, and himself, to express their gratitude to the Lord MIayor for the kindness and hospitality with which he had received them, affording,^ as it would do, additional encouragement to the ex;ertions of that society, of which the Lord Mayor had long been a most able and useFul member. (Cheers.) He would net in the presence of men of business, whether of the law or of trade, be guilty of any exaggeration or thle use of any figure of speech; an.d therefore he should abstain from saying, what he had so often heard said within those waJLls that they had the happiness of being in the city of London, the cradle of British liberty. He would use no such figure and be guilty of no such exaggeration;* but he would venture to say, vithout any figure and without any ex;aggeration, that they had the happiness of being there present in the great capital of the commercial world (cheers), and in that capital he would lift his voice on behalf of the Law &mendment Society, and say that, even in the improvement of trade, the commercdal body to which he referred had not a greater or clearer interest than they had in the improvement of the law. (Cheers.) And therefore it was that he hoped that the reception so graCiously and hospitably given to the society by the Lard Mayor in convening that great meeting would not be without its effect on the mercantile classes of the city of London, from whom, as yet, he grieved to say, the Law Amendment Society had not met with so much encouragemnent and support as might fairly have been expected. (Hear, hear.) Far he it from him to dwell on thee merits of that society, but he would give one or two instances to showv how far the community had a direct personal interest in its proceedingos. Having cited a case in which, by an improvement in the law brought about chiefly by the exertions of the society, a noble duke, whom he did not name, had been able to save from 4,0001. to 5,0001. a-year in the management of his estates, the noble and learned lord proceeded to remind the company of the prodigious advantages which the commuity at large had derived from anumber of acts which had been passed through the same instrumentality. He added that he -would give one instance, because the subject had been under the consideration of the House of Lords so recently as the precedingo evening-the meant the hill for the assimilation of the Scotch and English law, which important measure, so convenient for all persons concerned in the commerce of the two countries, and so absolutely jnecessary for their safety in their commnercial dealings, originated with the Law Amendment Society towards the close of the year 1852. Hie denied the truth or fairness of the objection sometimes urged against the society's operations, that it did not proceed systematicallythat it took one measure now and another measure then, and act-ed on no plan of law reform which had the character of being symmetrical;* and lie stat-ed that the principle on which they had mainly acted was that laid down by the hate Jeremy Bentham,-namely, the substitution of natural Ifor technical procedui-e. (Cheers.) If he could onlly hope to Ilive to see the day when to all those amendments of the law therewereadded thisone, theadoptionof whichbyothercountries had been so eminently useful-the system of Courts of - Rveconcilement, which would put an end to suits that ought never to be instituted, and ought never to come before a court, and so prevent a vast amount of painful and expensive litigation, he could go to his account and think that they of the Law A mendment Society had not lived in vain, (Cheers.) The LOBD MYOB then gave " The House of Lards," associating with it the name of the E3arl of Harrowby, who briefly responded to the compliment. HIis Lordship afterwards proposed "The House of Conunons," connecting with the toast the name of the Right Hon. Pohert Lowre, the Vice-President of the Board of Trade. Mr. LOwVE,'SP., said, as an humble member of that great assembly, the HIouse of Commons, he begged to acknowledg e the compliment which had been paid to it. Ho thought the coneiusion of the war was an occasion when the House of Commons, forgetting all party differences, and waivingr all rivalries, jealousies, and animosities, ought to lend itself with one heart and mind to the institution and support of measures which it believed would tend to advancee and consolidate the real interests of the country, and so give further proof, in addition to the noble example it had already afforded, to foreign nations th;t representative institutions were not inconsistent with a vigorous executive and with a manly national spirit. (Cheers.) He felt himself under no little difficulty in maintaining the character of that Eouse in its relation to the amendment of the law. The first thing he would say was that the House of Lords possessed very great advantages for dealing with the subject of law reform over the House of Commons, in that it was relieved from the duty of checking the public expenditure and possessed within its own body a number of noble and learned lords who, enjoying, through the liberality of their country, a considerabl amount of leisare, and being, as it were, raised to a serene: atmosphere, had ample time, as they had special knowledga and aptitude, for considering and propounding improve- ments in the law; and blind indeed would that House be iH it did not listen to the suggestions in that respect whichl were offered to them by its chosen sages. (Hear, hear.) He night cite an instance to show the disadvantage undoe which the House of Commons laboured in dealing with questions of law amendment. The Partnership bill to which the Lord Mayor had done him the honour to allud: was introduced into that house on the 2d of February, and. though read: a second time- within a week afterwards, i-, eadnotyetgotmntocomnmittee, such was the pressre o ' public business in that bran chof the Legislature. Had i' originated in the House of Lords, it would have gone intm committee the next week after being read a second time. That was one of the advantages which the House of Lord. possessed over the House of Commons, which had such vas'S and multifarious duties to perform that it wwas only now and then that its attention could be attracted to the consideration of propositions for the amendment of the law. - But this hewould undertake to say, that there was no body of men in this country at this moment, whatever might have been the case in former times, who were more anxious for the amendment of the law than the House of Commons.-- (Cheers.) It was indeed the favourite cry in that House-at' tjb yer7 tigie ausi tbeD was got v, 1w member iu it t31 t did not take a pride in being a law reformer and assistin in the great. work. No body of men -was inor clearsighted in seeing X grievance than that House, though it often failed n devising a proper remeily, and by making excer.tional lavr it added greater cornpexita to that which was already suflciently complex. (ERear, hear.) The right hon. gentleman concluded by reminding the company that they had among them -that evening several members of the Eonse of Commons, including Sir Ersliie Perry, Mr. Locke King, and Mr. Hadield, who were honourably identified with questions of liw reform of deep interest to the community. TheLoRDsinI OPi gave " fr.JohnForsterandtheLiterature of the Country," to which that gentleman shortly responded. - 3fr. lNArnsi, M.P., proposed " The Health of the Lady M Eayoress," 'wvhch was drunk with acclamation. Other appropriate toasts followed in the course of the evening, ad the company separated about 11 o'clock.
GAVAZI Z:N OXEORD. TO THE EDITO1}OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The correspondent who his furnishled you vith an account of the proceedings at Oxford on the occasion -of Father Gavazzi's visit has made one slightly inaccurate statement, which I beg leave to correct. No special constables were sworn in. A suggestion that they should be employed -i~as indeed made to the University authorities, who declined to have recourse to such an extreme measure,.and felt convinced that they could-put down any further distur bance by their own influence. They were proved to be.right by the sequel, for one proctorand the pro-proctors were qulite sufficient to restore order. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your obedient humble servant. Bii. JOU;E1 JS. Queen's College, Oxford, Ap$l 25t'. Senior Proctor.
REFOR TION OF JuVENTE OFF mENEs.-The ninth annual festival of the Philanthropic Farm. School at Redhill, Surrey, was yesterday celebrated by a sumptuous entertainment at the London Tavern, at which tho Earl of Granville, President of the Council, presided. His lordship was supported by a select party, including the Bishop of Bath and Wells, the Bishop of St. David's, Lord Lyttelton, Lord Dynevor, Lord Ward, LordLeigh, Lord Lovaine, M.P., Lord Ebrinagton, ALP., Mfr. Adderley, M.P., Mr. Liddell, M.P., Mr. R. M{. Milnes, LP., Mr. Ewart, ALP., and other tentlenien. The usual loyalandconstitutionaltoastswereprol osed and respondedtowith enthusiasm; that of "The Army X ndNavv" was acknowledged by Lord Dynevor, whotook occasion to deliver a diffuse speech in some degree anticipatory (f the business of the evening, and so provocative of a little impatience on the part of his audience. A special toast in honour of the clergy who have assisted the society by their pious and benevolent exertions was responded to in a long and eLnborate discourse by the Bishop of St. David's, the only fault of which was its excessive diffsseness. The noble president proposed the toast of the evening, " Prosperity to the Philanthropic Farm School," in a long and eloquent speech, wherein hisLordship expatiated on the inestimable advantage of reformatory schools, like this, conducted on the social and family principle, observing that no Government could possibly umdertake the organization of such a system in a country like England. Sensible of the great benefits which the successful prosecution of the reformatory movement would confer on the nation, the Government had, he said, recently resolved (subject to the sanction of the Houso of Commons) to grant a moiety of the salaries of the masters of reformatory schools, and to advance a certain sum towards the erection and maintenance of the buildings of those institutions. His Lordship concluded with a forcible appeal to the members of the House of Commons present to support this proposal of Her Majesty Government. The report states that during the past year 17 5 boys were received into the asylum, making a total of 875 admitted since its first opening, in April, 1849. The discharges amounted to 10S, of whom 18 deserted, or were discharged after fair probation; of the remainder, 65 emigrated, 1 went to sea, and 24 were assisted to employment in England. It is satisfactory to find that out of 308 boys assisted to emigrate between tlhe years 1849 and 1855 only 39 relapsed into crime, while out of 119 placed in situations at home 46 relapsed. A t the end of the report is printed a series of letters, written by the emigrant pupilts of the society, whichwe have perused with much interest. They are simple and satisfactory, hear the impress of truth and sincerity, and testify an earnest desire tocontinue in the right path. The Farm School at Redhill now consists of six hiouses or departments, three including 50 boys each, two 40 each, and one (the farmhouse) 49. It is considered desirahle that two or three more houses should be gradually added, so as to make the w hole number of boys trained in it amount from 35i0 to 400. The total receipts last year amounted to 15,61l71., and the payments tol14,5301. leaving abalance of 1,0SGI. in hand on the 31st of December, 1855. The average number of boys maintained throeahout the year was 193 1-5. A letter froml Hf. de Metz, of the Reformatory School at lettray, was afterwards read by the noble president, and expressed the regret of be de Meta at his unavoidable absence, from illness, and passed a glowaing eulogy on the Reformatory School at Redhill. Other toasts folowed, accompanied by speeches of such length as to preclude even an epitome of their subject matter. "The Hvealth of the noble President " was proposed by the Bi hopd of Bath and Wells, and warmly responded to. His lordship then departed, in order to attend her tajesty's Concert. The amount of subscriptions realized was nearly 1,4001. The arrangements of the festival gave general satisfaction to the company. The musical entertainment was ltder the management of Mr. Pt Limpus, assisted by Miss L. Stuart, Mr. Fielding, Mfr. G. Perren, and Mr. Lawler. Mr. Higgs officiated with his usual efficiency as toastmaster. LLYCOxs'S-iY.Y, April 3Q.-The underdenhtioned gentemen were this day called to the degree of Barrister2nt-Law by the on. Society of Lincoln's-inn-viz., Thomas Key, Esq., Frederick Thomas Curtis, Esq., Joseph William Chitty, Esq., John George Smith, Esq., Christopher Cheevers McDonneDll, Esq., Cholmeley AnustenLeigh, Esq., John William Church, Esq., Reginald John Cust, Esq., Brace Locklhart Burnside, Esq., William Edward BaLer, Eaq., John Gwyn Jeffreys, Esq., and SamuelElgar Sloper, Esq. TIhDDLE TEMPLE, April 30.-The indermentioned gentlemen, caUlled to the degree of the utter bar, were published in the Middle Temple Hall this day :-James Prendergast, Esq., William Frederick Ward, Esq., Samuel McCnulloch, Esq., George Greenway Little, Esq., and George Collier, Esq. CALs TO TEEm MB .-April 30.-The usndermentioned gentlemen have this day been called to the Bar by the Hon. Society of the Inner Temple-viz. --William Emmersor Laslett, Esq.; Edward Headlam, Esq., MA. ; Robert Harcourt Chambers, Esq., B.A.; Henrv Smith, Esq.; George John Shaw Lefevre, Esq., B.A:; John WaLker, Esq., B.A.; James Edwin Cole, Esq.; Ford North, Esq., B.A.; George Wells, Esq., B.A.; Henry Casson, Esq., B.A.; and Robert Baron Templer, Esq., B.A. G'ax's-mw, April 30.-At a pension.of the Hon. Society of Gray's-inn holden this day, the Rev. W. G. Watson, of Caims College, Cambridge, MA., fornierly Vice-Principal and Chaplain of Patney College, was elected Assistant-Reader of the society, in the room of theEev. T. H. Greene, M.A., resigned. THE LivERPOOL SJ POWNS AlXD THE BOAkRD OF TRnADn-Yesterday (Wednesday) the Liverpool Shipowners' Association held a meeting to discuss the merits of the dispute between the Board of Trade and the Local Marine Board, which has led to the resi'gnation of eight out of ten members of the latter body.. After a protracted discussion, the meeting (the most numerously attended. of the kind ever known in Liverpool) resolved, wvith one dissentient, that the conduct of the Board of Trade w.as highly blameable, that the Local Marine Board had acted very properlyin resigning, and that they should be recommended to the. Liverpool ahipowners for re-election on the 8th inst. A petition, requesting the members who resigned to allow themselves to he put in nomination, was also placed in the Exchange Newsroom. ~ THE AI,EOED SuCIDE OF FOscmL-On Tues- day Mr. W. Carter held a long inquiry at Mr. Wentzel's, the Ship Tavern, Lambeth, on the body of a man supposed to have been Foschini. More than usual interest was atfached to the investigation. The coroner inquired how old Foschini was, and his height. He was answered, five feet eight inches in height, whilst the deceased was only five feet three or four inches. The initials on the shirt were "H. F.," which would stand for "Henri Posehlni." The coroner said it was qmite clear that the deceased was not Foschini. Hewold advise the jury to. return an open verdict, as the deceased had not been identified. Thejury did so. DEATr OFp MR. R. Nf. Fox, M.P.-Mr. 'Richard Maxwell Fox, HLP. for the county of Longford, died at St. Leonard's-on-the-Sea on Saturday, the 26th ult., in his 41st year. He was educated at Vinchester and University College, Oxford, and -married in 1S35 Susan Amelia, daughter of the late Admiral Sir L. Halsted, G.C.B. He was a magistrate and deputy-lientenant for Longford, which he had represented in the Liberal interest in -the present and -late Parliaments, having been first elected in 1847. He was a Liberal of a somewhat advanced sehbol but never took a ]IoDlllJin0t part in Pxliament,
MESRS. HTUEtST aud BLACKETTrs N'XW 4Y. ULICATIONS. Tobeshad of all-ooDkselers. N W NOVEL, by the Autbor of , The Head of terily"Io readystallthe librarkies in. Pvols., JrOHN RALIFAX, Gentleman. By the Anthorof " TheHeadof the aumily," "Olie,"kn. Hurst and 3ackett, vublishers Euccessor to Henry bolbun- NEWM NOVEL by MinJEWSBUtY.-Jiast ready, in 2 -rols., TVHE SORROWS of GENTILITY. By Mirs J.E%S- It BUY. Author of " Conatance Herbert.'" "Marlina Withers, kc. Hurst and.'3&kett,yublisbem succaesors to Hetnry Colbuni, 13, Great -Marlborough-street. Just pubUlsbed. in 3vots, Pocit, o., 1nRAVELS in PERSIA, Georgia, and Kooraistan, with Sketches of the CwracandtbeCueast-u. By Dr. MORITZ WAGNER. Hurst'and Blackett, publlsber. Cmuoemors to Henry Colburn,) At Great Marlborouth-street. - NowTre6dy at allthe liteacirs.-iur TolE., ~ODERN SOCIETY in ROMELF,: a Novel. By .11 J . ESTE Fee, Author of IIThe,Wabash." Hurst and Blackett6 publishers Ienrcessors to aem-y CoDbuaml. A3 Great Marlborugh-street. New and Cheaper Edition,-Now readyr, in I To1, il0e 6d., TILLIESLEAF ; the Concluding Pas-sages in the JL Life of Mrs. Margpret Maitland. of Stimny Side. Written by HEFRSELF. Hurst and 33ackett, publishers, suooessors to Henry Colbumn. 13. Great Marlboroushc-treet. Now ready, in 2 yols SYD.. with Portr.i's' O bud MI lrOIRS of the COURT of th:e REGENCY. FErom Original Family Docruments, By the Dke ofBUFCKlNG'HAM and CHA1tDOS, K.G. Hurst and Blackett, publisherrs,erso- sostDHenry Colburn, 13, GreaLt Marlborough-stceet. - INOW reads at all the librariez, i n o. O,E, ]fACHEL~n Rand By JULIA KVNAH N "A chrin nt-ouching story. naetdih rendSll Noone can readttbotttry-andlnot feelA good lulenefrmitih chiaracters have alife-like reality about xbem2-hnum Hrs and Blackett, publishers, sucessori to Henry (hhr, . Xbowready At a-ll the libruries, in yvuls._*. MAD)ELIXE CLARE. BY COLBURN MAYNE. EEsq. "Iiithesatryof 'Mradelin2e Caaiethe readerwillnot fpil to bedeeply interested. It is throughiout wellsustaLined, and tol,din a flowing andanimated style."-literary Gazette., Hurst and Blackett, Publishers, suroessrs to Henry Coburn. Mi$ssBU.NBUIY's NEWNBOVEIL-Nn'r ready. in3S os. UR~ OWX STORY. By -SELINA BTJN3bURY. 0 An exceedingly instructive andaimprodnegbookYL--jQhnBuIl "A beautiful story of love.'sorrowr, rind patience. '-Erit%nuia. " A work-ofthril inganudenchaininginterest.".-.-oterner. "The feelingin which it aboind .is vrygenuine. and touch:es tle bearh,-Exmainer. Hurst and Blackelt, Publishers, succeesor to Henry Colburr. Just ready, in one vol. royal Pro., SOs, bhandsomely bound, 5 AKE N'GAJtI ; or, Exploratiowt and Discoveries M ,Adurn Four Years' Wanderings in Soo1th Western Africa. By CRLSJOHN AN-DERSSON . Emibellished with upwards of 30 Illustrations, representing is-Porting adventu rep. subjects of natural history, landscape serees, kc., and a Map. Hurst and BHackett, publishers, suedessors to Henry Colburn. Th e NEW WORK o a RU SSIA- Zo w- rA&y i 2 volp.. 21&.. ILYEXILE. By, ALEXA_NDER HERZEN. 1I.L~ rom these admirable memoirs the reader may d,rive a clear idea of Rupsuen politica society. Mr. Hccermi's narrative, a'bly written, and undoubtedly authentic, is indeed ruperic(r to nine-tenths of the lexisting works On Russla`-AtbenzeimM Hurst and Blackett, publishers (successors to Hlenry Colburnl, i3. Great -Marlborough-street,. I To be had of all booksellers, T)EPYS' DIARY.-N-ew cheap staundard editions of _£ thisyoPularworlk,with alltherecent Notes and Emen,dation,, aLre now ready: the small Svo. in I vols,, uniform with Evelyn'a Diary price 6s. each, bound; and the library edition in 4 ruts. demys P8aro., uniform with Murray's Classics, price a. Cd each, bound, Hunst and Blckeltt, successors to Henry Colburn FARGARBTnHRRDc~ASB h ,1M Author of "Woman's Devotioin! 'T enima l h are in search Of & fascinating novel to rea hswr.Te ile it well wortlhthetr whiale. Thereare afreshnesianoriaitabu it quitechrigantee is a ecertain nobisesintetramn bothof entientandl inciaent which is notoftimfonil'.Ahns Hurst and Blackett, publishers, successors to Heny obun DANK and EAUT ; or theYOUng Baroness, Lti"The toryof te Yong Brones issin to be attra-tive to the nine of ovelreadra2'Liceary azete. "ank and Bleauty is a wellsvtten ove, bya wll-ifored prso it is about people of veryhig rak inEngishfasionale ife Itis the work- of one who thins an fels nbly-Gloe. urstandHacktt,publishers, suc- Now reao,iy ntovl. ihIisrtns .bud TiASTERN HIOSPITLSandENGISNpSS I the Nsa-satire of Twelve Months'Epreeei h oeiaso Itoulali and Seutari. By a LADy VIITEI Tesoyo the noble deeds done by Miss Night-ingale audlsrdvtditrho will nerer be more effectively told thau in the batflnraiecn tained in there volumes2'-Jobn Bull. "A wr on oort buaurty_t-l,zuin er. Hurst and lackett, pbihr,sresrt Just published, in 2 robl.. _21s. bound, _AY)VENTURES with the BRITISH ARMY, from Athe Commencement of the War to the Fall' of Sebastopol. By G. CAVENDISH TATLOIt. lnto 9ltIt r,_t. "The evidence these volumes contain -is exeeedirnglyvaluablo."-Johsn BuIll "There was scarcely an occurrence of riny importance that Mr. Taylor wvasnot an conisebu clarproesion stlewhih e hrenot met with befoaY-nitd Sevic Gaette Hust nd lackett, publishers Now ready, in one vol., with 1,15 Egainso Armus, TH'UE PEERAGE andl BARO~ITG for 1S56. J BYSir BERNARD BURKHE, KltrIing of Arms. New edition, correct-ed to the pres-ent time, frmtezpersnal Communications of thenobllty,k&o. ' For the maig quantity' of personal and family history.admirable arrangement of details, and accuracy of informeation, this genel 'calandhberaldicodictionary is withlout a rival. It is now the gs==da and acknowledged hook of reference uponi aUt iuestiont touchin- pedigree and direct or collateral afihnltY with the titled aristocracy. Ve have al9oin itinterestingfamL'fly tzditlons. The work is, in facrt, a comPlete cyclopwEda of the whole titled classes of the mie supplying all the information that Can pssibly be desired on the sub ject."~-Momaing POst. Hurst and Bla cket' . ublishers, suoce"Ors t Henry Colburn,~ 13, Great %farlarogh-stet, - Published this day, price Is, Cd.-faney boarns; 2s, clothi lettered, rT¶HE HIGHLANDJ CLANLS, with a particular L9 account of Rob Rloy and the Clani NrGregor, froLm the StEcellaneous Prose Works of Sir Waiter Scott. Adam and Charles B3lackI E,dinburgh; Houlatonuand Stoneman, London. Sold byallbooksellera and at the railway stations, Gratis from any bookselr A COM3PLETE DESCRIPTIE CATALOGUE, Z3Lcontaining every information reg-arding h ie tl of Binding, Prsice, &e., of the various editions of Sr WatrSotsWritinigs and Life, A. and C, Black, Edinburgh: oIb ndSoea London ; and every bookseller in town and cuty RAILWAY ft~n G OMVELS of Sir WALTER SCOTT, 'with his latest N l ntroductions and Notes. In beautifully illuminated covers, price is, Cd. each. Adam mid Charles Black, Edinburgh ; Honlaton and Stoneman, London, Sold by all booksellers, and at the railway Stations. On Ist March, prioelIs. 6d.. boats s.coh IIWAVERLEY, Guy M1annern,AniuRy ob TV Roy, Old Mortality, thae Black Dwaf idaLgn fbot rose. BySirWVALTERSCOTT. Formoing Ves oVoteaiwaY Edition of the Waverler Novels, no incusofpbitin LYLE: The Story of a Life. By ~MARRYAT. London, Chapmanand Hail, 193, rir- Tis dsy,3vs.potS, TFHEB HEIRS of BLAKIDt ANAOR: JLITvLLondon,Ch2apman anodHaltl. 13, Pccadilly. This day, price 12s., Ss-o., cloh withIusetn. T. PAUL and his LOCALITIE1i hi atand S Present Connitien3, as Lately Vistd ByOH AITONI D.D,, Author of 1I'lThe Lands et the esah bo t,and the Pope" Arthiur Hall, Virtue, and Co., 23.5, matrrw NEW WORKM, by the Author of "1Mary Powell."-This day is pub lisbe ric 7s.d. in cltho FJ¶ASO an LE6ORA;the Commentaries of iL Ser. Pantaloone deg-i Gambacorti, Gentleman Usher to the august Madama Loonora, Dste. Arthur Hall, 1Vitiue, and Co.,Z 3. Patermosternrow. I-rice 6d., Post free, tent-h thousand, LTJND1ERS in BEHAVIOUR CORRECTED. B" It 'Rill polishi and refine either sez." "Ties best code of mnanners."~-Morning A erir Vr7ueu.tTeGovemners Groombridge and Sons, 3. rtrot- The CIVIL SERVICE MANUAL.-This day is published, prioe Sd., post free, A~IANUAL of EUAINLRQIE A IThirnecessiryofo the Cvils. Servieo? thL crown,reind byOpe Misi NfrmTiReYtpr Of the CoNnEWtnc TESThAIE T peace vilsedueatione R v.WDalueond iMportance. Byo StC.R WolAWer hampo. Deanlof.Herefor, GraombridgandSa, publishrers,t, andB.t_ele Hnovter-sreow. A nThird Editon, twoc vei. Sfix. 4s, clot, aO Hep oNaIlyDvtonGSe Eiin with the TER :u ext.d bevisedeby th thev Y.Dlon, Gopls-Ait nc iden tof StePals, Wolver-on huPamptn.seompley.fackon,c andurealledy,Jflectstree,andHB. eely, Yle-tet m .See,Hanover-street. In f8m p. So, VhFnaprice S. d cloth, s d LCLOMMUT PESUAitD the HaeART: sugaestied.b An Paers ACopLEdRfrmA' Sciptue. Seeley. J'ackson, and Halliday, Fleet-street, andy . Seeley, Hanrover-street. Juatpublislied, Svo., stitched, price is., ('N a NE~w METHOD of INSURAN,.CE: Con- siderations snggesteil by the Past andi Present Aspects of the Money Market. London, David Null, 270, Strand. Justpulblislhed, in.two large vo1i9 Sro., handaomely printed, andl bound in cloth with Portraits, price 3os. TIlE LIFE ana. WOR-KS of GOETHE, -with SLketches ofhis Age and C,ontemrrrarties, From publisedand unpublisbed sources, BEy G. EL LEWES Author of the '1 Biographical HisQtorofIP`hilcoS0phyv"&C. "Wriitenwithiiutenseloveardprofound knowledge of the subijecit. It throws 3moro lighrt ono the character and gen3iusofGoetheth2nanyotber work. Itls&aperfectrrineof*dmiratble, impartial criticIm -written insapure English style,and in short a life of Goethe worthy of the.lmLn.-DallyNews, London,DavirdNutt, 270. Strand. Just puiblished, in one vol. Srio,, prc t, 7I~OMPSO2N's NLATURAL HIUSTORY of T IIIELA.ND. Fourthi and concluding volume, comrprisin MIain malls, Fish. lIollusca.KCrustacca, and Zooph'r,tes. Editedb Po.E DiCRE,ROBERT PATTERSON, Esq.. amnd Dr. BALL, With, Memiad Portz-ait, Sro., ClOth, Henry G. Boha, York-street, Coventgarden. In one lageTvoL.royalSvo. c-loth .Ha 'WEBSTER's ENGLISH ODICTPIONARY. By VTWORCESTER. In(rlunIg Scientific Terms of every description;, to which are added Walkers Key to the Promumciation of Cassta-, and Scripture Proper-Names,innch enlarged, and a Prxonounicing Vocabulary of ModemnGeographical NaLmes Tbis work isl-eptin halfcalf, 153, ; half-russia. i6s. teL; whole ealf, 16. Md.; whole nis,sia, 19s. Cd. This,is a most comiplete Dictionary, and includos all the Technical and Scienti-fic T-erm-s .yet i-ntr~oduce~d inttoourilanguae, Itcomprises 27,000 wrords raoro than the quarto edition of Todd's Johnson. and the pronunciation of evcryword accarding to the best authorities; alsoWalker's Key to Classiest and Scriptural Pronimciation, ipeatly enlarged-, and a, Pronouncinig Vocabulary of AModern Geographical Names. bSy a judiclousarrangetnenuiofrmutter, it actuahllycontains more words than any of its prototypes Dr. Webster not having fuir many years before his death e5en able to racist -his own materials. M1r. WVorcester was e.mployed In 1829 topropare in the name of Tl,. Webster what has sinceebeen re-edited as" Webster's Americam-Dictionary."1 Worcester's ediTio dps COThe invn English L orm Cof seyaling.whl somehi of the mria editioshgiemod. meter,a w2oole, p orsce prcloth -, cicd hrie.Ofene skilul.SaTS isseli n the prPE incpl C OfUpTSof althug theMO esAblihe form ish Clsogven. WOrfcesndter' ruevise Redi SCOT's CSTS n COMON AW, on olseng, &on-Tesday Isg Criina Prsectios o Ckuitandat essons. &e., including Const of ntrloutry uls ad rdes ade te Craon Law Procedure Act, 135 nd 834-an Bilac Exhane At, 83. Br JOBN SCOTP-Feq, Bariste-at-aw. Seven and orto, i6, Bell-yard, B-AVT'sRENHinOneVolume, on a NewXkla-An improvej. esloin laxge Svo., priCe rs., FFHE COMPLEEFRNH CLASS-BOOK - or I. Grammatical and Idiornatical French Manual. B A-,LHAWVE French Master, Glasgow Athenreium. &c. This theoretical and prac. ticat wor's contains a progreraro Reader.romnposod of tales, anecdotes.3 and exhtracsfrom standard Frech autbor;a; copious Vocabularies; a complete Accidence and Syntax, exhibiting ace-ontuinal oosftparisoa between te Englishnd Frenchidioms; lmant' Exerciser%- dies-.- trativeF~rechLsem itneacareaasnfreExrms; 'Series of Converatinnuossitpc,&. b hl pnnpa peeulisrly conducive t h custo fcretprsooyhtii speaFinand'writing~ owtsadn h oIilct f~amr sadin existence, "h opeeFed Css~I en rapidly adopted in mn uloadpiaeeot nGetBian A peneffien prospectu f1 ae,ps re napiaint h The e ore wgedO StfL Utain. ml BTRIES of BR . BYILEORG E 3_ Posoner of to7tmh Gn"! BaaLtT T A" -othen SIateosherTadpole Mrorth ; s a ondn G. EreL _:IiorotmL P;rel;ndoll. CoPang2enrmi-street; ma.idal boo dtraloa -In small post Syo..DricOs. clt othet rae, orLwth ° r YJ'1HE STORIES of All the ~rT ofCI W l. Wor hl nl aseibrr llwrth es a as Bocr-ls ofi12 wbinichserio, aca bert autdon. gLoBdonUedgeandGCo. agi4era HE SATORDIEof WlA TYiJ SP0 . f. 8 by ART CoCATh Butivora Retorof O T lthe o themraries of WH.i l wawllwills p ri thea Dibusrary iti whireniom are ot h ubtc etd. The a n cdaptibvat the at' ent! h S}tayL>reinlit c lnetdauthors. lond rtled ys and Co. 2oee a sJIyti streets; adUbosedrall wyssahoeu -' - .- - d1W IA VALX'sU P ofPUaLARULESI &-KORSE it.N. 3 LlfXP of lsICd,fancywd ohr , mw tXTRSOLDITARY HUNTE AR - o,EpoUSOAven by . CHtRraE &ncig Author of "Vhie5lum ofi Golt,"hot Th woerkis ilu" tbi nted it upwards of 120 engrl avings contsais rc isrtints ad ohr awthnfaticurlkcs. l`T'e'opuarntiodynsar captivrte the attb entio of rader wholt aori n gqt, o f their dvro noer surep e buthe onfined lafug Gorton sCigihoer tolos oGirnae. krin. London.oGeorgeRoutdedgea nd Co., 2, iardntgdonestreet Toe AEVL-UOUM of TRUbEy SPOltTnSMA3i-l fep. 8so.pcgt4 s. 60iC e fancy board s, ELI'MP UON Bv and ortheio Sms. 'B' TH&utborIor MACKAYip." Aubo o Viosfromitthe CEnrsOwrxT i~ be. m " ThiEsnew volume.byCharls £ theer oDntoeLa of air Madditionthe Lmprairiesl Theabuthor poems,it. Esme owhEichh tndyhair -beadt canin e oufo the solitry Une ter' equal,dif tp e do.nw eoapurpstm thiwe pothesared ovord pon o mike orJuies v carslAgn CLondn lorGeotlde aCo., 2. Fterie and C.t agdon-eta a bookr el . EEA VOLUME oOVELS. by etA.IEiC I fcp. 8 °EO. prie Is. * pr~~~~ice a is£.clbotairna. rf= KiNDG's OWN1. 6d. CdapCtE aino 1EAivr LyAt' JEAutor or of "Peterlb& 1iCp -Author onf Vies the C K3- Growdr will bemo thlpbishe new volume, bf Chres o ake y o neso atain,im PealryamPer. unt t non5et The antbo mutip6erlSiedtoolon. i Howouthey tenosepallldach wh uEr suTnhine olift good daon.tior. wit Eteriesdee. irdit led forthe le oa p gverth an sbnidtavLpSfetio: or the pioseused moLr pot v T ih e C honarles eorglk tlehg, Cincond George Routledgo ad Co., 2, aoo ringdonwstreeandos M~~~~~~~I f GRCuT SVO.T0111MU . I O MAERYATS NO VELS.-Cheap editiouIi-I Hae. laely bs. Th wgsOw. ByW. 6d. LSBd. Bul,aritr-Iwerlyttn. c4werl. O . Chester. Cr. - A32e-apinc PeAthor of P "e'eIs. Simle, he.rat lwnionnwt h Knk wlors b resdonthl pulsthed 2 vumeC oThe olieoe of CataIn.6 rrat e omplted.eur Arof orthr nliu SW:be ythe opurow an navalxtons. no2eist he hadone or. tsIes what ibdnidfor thev salormsintIAr seres-ien tem a r Ti the ltebue o f t rn vllneoar coutry Lionde o£ t eorge toolelF Lonon Gorgv Rotedgy pie 30s C.boud h clrsoa-th e;adal sadkCo..II.s andFy oustrtios and aS3u SJ~~~~I 38. CmiebUOva. volundicepsaero Pacylej WRENce HOe6isvay,S Picdil.ohnesFceg THEtpub iubuin8Tshed.e3 2r - 6 VESTEllDAY and vO-M3OarrltOlr-st-a 'aD Th Kn g'es IOwndo. i.6. ara t. 6,PZanoi. is. Cd. llul erLton. Sterbice o Waterooo. er, 160.2,1 Tohe Duke. s.and. Cor.; Grey. well. erablc ThTin; mayb e eff e rd's i aruihter. i. -o. PSetorPstafreaomhe. h i of oBason. ,sa I'orte^sr.e,Xeds-qae Ai,nswCo.,19 The Naprowed IaioE Tih CLO tons Ys. uIRAer ICIs.AR of. PMrs.CA Gore.T. 4 G. I,FL.S. A ontainicgSE alanPoularbleuto or necd7lowers the n cuineos oE Brinvs l liandPoeticel osonsetrti of tIe crno Yn Ceintur.t; By Albet 2Smithl c D an., nnd nll l dok ald. L d Georg B.outledbe a-ndoe ,, pb rrun in t nd cloth bokselSectos, aa d ralaFteations.*a6 li peEain.Ft De~~~~~~Ti day.Cxslq °XndOva.n, i7s.aeo6e rod. ARITICSHTUAL STIGNSTACS BycPAPom - bJustpubished, inI aone roanad ndreAirts., loth. spd dition,tec Office Jame R idgwa. 6 Jpio Badely.sr ota-qae just publishled , 8 ypr Isr. STLDAt aord TL0DO aTLZS. eonrChUadowH PRItOPEarT. By Cp.J. CW.TII CROW, Bkgarrinsterat-Law. Rinp ins macshallI ad l Core ci.ill f J1lsT urithlrctidetlspubllihed' Pr ec Poss m tag free do or stJamheps,l imroegda bt edtion,b 7e. - 6.C&1a, T HTTLE EAGLISUQLOT; Ba k. FLS.ABoaiclan opular conto ourFeld Flowers.g ith numiros Enravilengs andDtic lles. RAtioans CSimpi and. arhl,Sermonm-f l.ortb ; D'ze. Franis. 4d. lSlty pe-erSdraL the Dbite-er Wax uther 1855a ando Bazaro t r o Jfst pOKublshedubv..iewe.picb i A IST BUYnO RROms or Swadownh _,CL oniidrabe avnd maybe lesien in Purhes of lonl CDoftee. By ecat. Jip of Cotne V, nautes 0ld. lit.fo9l RiDe.nos het ard, BS?. P3icedd i qy. ImprorodlBy ediation,al E& wigru rmth c rotious Index. Jutnia sto /pubi-ed, Prieels. 0, perostg free,. TPHE WTAXYBoUQUEAT;CALna ofECEIPTS In- the WitkFer WaN Counter. PM1. ShdonBaia bear.iD n vabe cets o I'mssin theAreads Trades, ManufaCturenel 11 omel£Rsti lEc:om[, AIDSe,c f.Ar BOOK BUY----eaRS lloykeanemf h~ c nealo saving omaberveace in the puse of aks. Sethpstre o,nc receipt of one stamp. Bull, uPtone and Col 1%t. "Dei Holssre t,aCadven dis-sqsofa61ire. lf nT.iSu t * ImprouDeove edinrstion. Os.E 6to withr copiocs Index. caea DIY~~R~~I~ RECEIPTS~~. bypsB5 fL Eca3onomy,com- rour t,bs slsadilg i ovr s brade su iaee. " t4er itiie t ha e : aeniff dIcihe ne, A-c..Allren ofthe Wr.rwic-ane, and tlhe b ooleries.-maell- a6 tat f te prfesnalzniita ma; tus ombnig the athr.st conta incuing Desgn frcont tages, veia, HandfShop drontsa,wi. Pl a uas. STions, ean Eevat ionstA Flls Speificat.on aerAtimtes, DfeverydescriptiveEson CarpentrY.vgpent.he.iteQu by B. Ci Zoeagt6 orxtdoglrtothes sill be sent at tb ril ftn,l-Ex (onre TaIIBUCK of q th Lonl don, Te.-s W. gger, 13, P'aternoster-ros.e, Rowt published, second edlition. prce2 F,freby post 5.& HEmARTamts BREW M rmentcing and M oin1 ofiatesAchr Ba pf ect metEh o s tg le o t oa30er'Torehadco fof barrenog putIher, erelt-mti on ald o er ant Oni-s.os BAfrREtT ,o Berkelsu iey-tret importasts J ISronfdon,r.thelrecel. Pe Burice4d torbypnt5e t. GEOGRApulhY-Jn publish lsed, pgTLws LARE FO LIO.G ATLAST. cont.D., P7 incldig F iall recent ditoveies. besalfowed upon the 11S.cie t his,is the la t abnd buestU Ales publisedo.Smtrer, ofevry decitRfi on.Jaic Wyld goRpEr lathe Queen. Chasing hair Zfto £Teast etdo othe pot-oficSe, and2. ltiy3 }lSfel, viUout the necerab of conthe Princ ipl ol aty aVisto,l hes. Pnrincia Verbs. SnL 1osia.Iondon, hre . aw, chool'f bookehlle,N 1B31, liaet-street.n. aD b o stXier Jnst published. r ift, elon p rice b s.s ~HE ART;N'OS of d BREWTEGT menaof SYII of MALT: coutniniag currect Tables of Itasbi pos t s, f prehenivthe abjec i6 Snls diwhered sitiCalt5alogue t'<l Directio ns fo r Preventing Acetous Fermentation, wind bev forwhrer csinhation to make sMANce os Servc in th o nt Gare tio- resudltof a vrs'praftiCoe.Bcontan theVnaUratile of teirzg iho- duewsera afmes oa uilr'se inrhac. pt Theldnesnia(as D tiotfle msigThitsespe d.cent tbeACE:oits artiveisleee and miltaics Aois bthankscauln. A nreaceThankseaving StOermi bon.adterAurfhorof exie leattentiorml. Allied Aims, 1055. 6dthe0., bychmpostwelil onon,Jaes aring 8. GeatQuen-tret,Ltcoln'binn-igheltrds, XTEW ZEALAND. By E. B. FITTON,sv xf aLndowne andlte Rsidet inthe olony. rcaBr t a La. Gd., per post 1213 sttamps.e-raw Ausrai. BWJohnICappr.IPie TIs'., p14tertonpostIs.ed.6 perpost for ann stamp.onacll TTIE LNESAN;or ervce N te LIVEdS fntr the inedurng Eglad's l~ogMPnceand LitteWAssrs."eds prFesel a'worL ofCUVTion,conoin thenraie of strri- vinn-a dents and Mehdutrs of Tratslder's lfo e ivr'gious parf fe th~re wrd wheitesb n(a thene&ftytlof moniRhtlybo i susdtowimpBy) couInuaRtthER cou ,rse o hi nargetiv soly toe mpinl itary topim,buthlors ofiofThe gep=aitsCrcadroftheure i raudoter, and the politiciadn, as well nChutafhil,ew Brestonaimiltaryet mand thus Dol-elmbng,htrss par ofth wold.Lodon Gerg W.Thd. 3, aimostC.row .S.. c Dr.t ROW-E. nthDGe third -it edition, pric s. b ctfeeis 5&d., TER andU DFSALSE S,PierIMAndOStomac pratice.alsiwo,b the sm CAuthor, ofWdpreparing rorspubinceatien on, Naurn oneun. J. Cudcil Tratew lngt. Tu'atredet on. e Germnof t Ihe OD. r.McfodiofwLIEs forqun thecRoyal cFnreebosptal,t Phician todithe lMurtual ife_ Assuran3edf ScaiCaety,te.Lno, JThedioChrchll, oowBurligmtbon-streneat. tM.liteIIRbook. The difference b etwentruen.priceIstorr,i,yand2s a eiou fothod of Trseatmentc frSecuring itsar Effcturale demobal andtheuspaie:guits Curatresad forthetr Rtmeut of tke. LondynJh Arcl ciTrculr DIeAdE.B rL 3~iaLre, 21D9, IR.,L.,h O(N 1ENTAL and NERVOUS DISORDERS; epcay when arsidng from Functtional -Derangement of the, Ltver Stomach, Heart, lIer,. KIdneys,orother Organs. orfrnmuthe- fibes ofTropical Climates.Cntempernce,-e. By Dr.3ADDOX.K formerly Pbycian to the Mailing Lunnatic Atylum. c. -An agreeabl; written, rsery readable book, showing Its aLuthor to be & WeIL-infomnied man nd 2a good practitioner.-Association I'fedical Joare.L "We honestly and'warmly recommend the work to the pru-sal of all who. ae i any d intereste in its rubject" Eamminer. Simpijn. Marsall,sodCo.,Staioner'-our aiBa lhiLre, 219, Begent-sreet. S&ITAX on SA Al d SARSAPARILLA, and how to ensure its 8ucce", KsJgivqinte genufine fennsand bet preparations,together with thor var(ius phases of disecas-in wldcb it may be beneficially einpfloyed. Aylctt an Co., 0, Pateriostc:t-row. . Just ublished, price ls. -CN the CAUSE of DECAY of the TEETH, and the 0 Core of Tootbach without Extracton. By DONALDSOX 3IA()KENZM Author of on Imprvrd Methodof Artificial Teeth. Churchill At horne fromn 10 till a-21 A Saille-ror.- Just p:blished, price Gd.. post free. DAIN'LESS T)OTHI EATRACTI ON by ConeeLa. tion. without Chlorofrmn, (Remnarks on). By ,i. WHlTR :A , EBll, L.S.A., Surgon-Ocntist. TohnF.Sshaw, SouthampDton-row a OndPtneprnoostfetr-reotw. Mfr. Webb ouperates from 10 to 4, dailyat21, Just DubihdpreIs(bpst free for 14 sta-mps)~ D --Ju aDnMiSheAd NCX,ERVOUSl7ESS a completo of thenrospe detccLlngs by urinary ex3m-in, the csuast whichi commonlylexd to its ocaunrence, the sl,m,ptoms whichL iodicate, its piesene, and the mnean to be adopted for its cure. By a PRY- - SI1rAN. i per ad Co.. Patarnoster-row: andallb ookselg. '- Just publiohed, price Is., pos freefor ' Itamro - rn rHESCIENCE of LTIFE; or, 3ow to, Secuire Morail MaNEhysical Happines. Wsh PracticalObs-atiom on DebiltyNer0ousnes,m and Depreoion resulting neam-cloa Study, SodentaUr H i Intemperance, High L1i . &orfl'ytieetB a SIClAN.Londo,tghrwoossad C., Jaternceter-row ; Mann 39'-Comew hfill:-HannaYandCo., C3. Oxford-sfreet;and allbokelr=-- CONSUMPTrox siAi'y and successi~ fully TREATE12~ I-. -I- fRGEO. THOSV" CONGREVE's TREATISE' XJJJ. wil be senit post Ireo for five stamps. In clear sadc simpla - languag it. defines th n ature -and causes; descie tem mtout mndtIrardnsr Slt a ges,~I Rnuover-aire;t i'eKbam,
SALTS BY AUCTION. A valuable Assemblage of Pielsuree. ESSES. CHRISTIE and M5ANSON respectfally Il give notice that they wil BEL.L by AUCTION, at their ;roit Room, 8, ElA-tret, St. James's, on Saturday, May 12, at I 3precisely. an ASSEHRL&GR of PICTURES, by Italian. Flemish, Dutch, and Houehodi,a gurandtr codposition onuie the TransGreati, by G.- GyAsea-n;and's ome ionteretin workst 2fo yore of the eryGra n Flemish' soo dles. Ma beviwdhhe CHTE daysEREceding thdeatbogus ousehod dferndatitnr and ietso one fathesrea ssn 5 GreatNE Muee- tcL-san cndiinso will SELL by haUCat IONays asd above. ,uleesoffce 67. Cat 1 fr],wthu rsrv,caia]neUEIO RnITUItrod.Elibds,bledig Brusseold stand podthergcarpets andmparof the ittngsofacffe an 2s. per sho. n ve.wmaea h Muwicso he%ucituePioneer,te10by Luoulfteet Pinitico, and Pr, intg's-e cu1 o heltesR.irae EsqD.LMLY tol SELL by AUCTION, on Lthearemwas's, onr i Molldae, Duayc, at1 or 1.esby ore of athe1 No 14N, noAldeingatctrtT theEatQy Basin, Shoeando Docks.r Tulrar-. R. ESS. T OPPN n CL K will SELL by pbeA C AUCTIN, atthe Mrt, o Wed esdaeyMay21 Mat 12, NI Phillis-tree, nearh C anal-bm rzidge HwinegRiandgroad.they aredaolhin odRepi. RittERwTh stove andthl fixure, andat hesdfooms, unexpiredt termbof4yers.gParticularsn Modyayyb obaie at the fo aFrt; ofTUW. Scmler,Beg. soli catrd, scc's-inna.seauare and ofther tablctioneer. 7, Coleman-slrgetabls,,chimne Mez suESSorS EnISur and Efcsof ar Coiraectesdebynte. orde- eurxof the laectomo SamelPage, Esq. Ethe SELogLbyACI enth remises, nea the Cllege,nDulac, onuThueonsdtyeeay, Catber, 'Wel,onleaedhvngsbeen disposedL of,) athe2 reainin asotentS coRNIprimpwardrobs,an chestiofdrwes, wapeshvehaned artands, tbrlse andbe lirkeynapt, bookcasdmoes, ahifew books,n drawuingandes dningroom' fur-e caitre,cimonoley-ls,andnumrousus,eful utens ls, c. obeviewednea nedyrirto the sale, a hen cataloguesmyb had on the premises; ado r anMfMsss lisaeSn auctioneer s. 1brwll,r n. No.al4e idrow-'alioth-sroad.-Toth Brooc her, andur L)eatherTrande ORB S.TS-andSOBY will SELL by pUblCTAON- ElephatI. adCatlhi tooma saovre,Ma one2aa a at 12,thexlen OP 310,0]PIRS of a ;BOOTS an hOES;g comprising W ellington twrin nadmor] atiqu boos, ptentlber, capet,sts,uco lpper s, and chilrens botsm~n shes;e anas grtmnt of leathmer, as4-fee rews paent ookng rnge,andotheeffcta Maylot bof viewedr,an catalgues ad ofthe uctioeer, 43, ldertate-preet Funtue eGsCkhandlir, Fsreezingahn,Rfieao, and otho:ryebne EDR WIOER YOUID will SELL, at AisTROms Great th art,horngheireeta, o Monay1, May 5t, aTH12Efo cai, inUpper comprisingtleot, Cared,occasirondal, soThreean other tables, etsm ofcaitinRscmn-sre, sdbas,cetonewrssetrofd dinin tables, echimeney Unt adniegassesaBuFstels anoduether carpets maoanyu siron,e Ind j'aprknetretancd anew-rabet bedst oread,wthhangengsarbcding, mardObties, cnhetso drweris,s basin-thMands, drssn tmabls,atna andtoglasse.S, Btchn reuisitres,it and othrefects.Mahe vucioewed, on Satur Cay,andca-taloguwest had.em-od herospeio Furniture. o and EfectsoiT of aC ttae Reustden.B order. oai.12-f the Exectrsro th land~ute Mrsa. Ete uh R.SETEP willD SELL SbL AUTIN AUpTOn t well, onoWedonesday.tex1thMay. atAt2, an assrtenT; of ofNI the aofvte bREMUstdscipton nl excellentfr condiion;ablso chimnyglasses,ies. h print s andpitns hexpensiv pnlated pe artile,mtbl said be linges,umantiequ ee anmoernnchina,ktchenmreqisite,invlid'sgardten mhair, ironuroller,tand utenros ueulies. Maysoci bne, viewe one dusaylialou-toldthe ale;andcatalogue bdOnthew premioges;aondhofpre. ies, orautioner. Camberwell-gctreeno. ad auain fae, 3 ToStavro-o,u.ot-ed-o rcr,FxueDaes n others. ~ ~ ~ ~ th R OBERT and RBY willSELL b AUCTIn, light gasbur-neurs,2eetFamahogany Chie-gses . cainetoworke, Witins, for goer,mIdia bofwoos, ahow rounds, eaCoterundchests, coper cls R. eihs coffee, cocoa andLhicoy grindIngmahNe, sugare mils,anmcoper, THScoops, fanyl boxe, FUxReNaIewlTURE ofmprniture, and ffecs. (n viw moningof sle,bnddctalgesads gon fthepro raises; andatlte au ctiosneeDrasofices, by~ Moodrglatesret.s6 heoi Palt e f hamh wsin egton,anted Sto thrye prbane ~R . GEDWI YOUINSONwillx SELLEb AUCtION Daeat thes MRoom.2on Wedneonday,tMayet. TIn lets ThREEdapita ies, sItuate In Rchmond-treiety, andgewir-roaude let toeverexcellen tenaemnts;oned ar smal Esae rdcig 0pranu,stae_ Jar-stee A3andewsre mew,wDiee-Guar.n Prtiulrs myn b Reid, oicitors D,aymon-bilins. Gay-in ofLA. fems egt BroanlEey. Dukesichllsiet,ciy;ad of the autoneler, 2e To rokers TeDealeury an hr.-Johstoane Lese adpok esin Cfldrt-ae Pelmise,. ixtres. Utnenis Stc WnTae,bnbHue Cold F FrOtre foWbsltesl by orneiofth Trustees, fCin Cavis, 12. rade -terrace, Weanrlgyt-ra MESS ETS. RBINSJ will SELL by AUCTION, a th.aaoe.r con ionda nexet,-Mayde, aTo-mrr2,th valuablte2dEaSEo thean itot bovePREeseS,e adm-iral adapedS fobr apoitablue ready cleiare suiteas, been recegntly expended onrhe.ams,ent lots,1 callathe odebrifixturs, ofittingurs, uatensl, parlndtcekainrae, wigth theA susan-e valhusbeholdc fem itue anderyecine On vien. Catao logues ona theprd Poultry. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ tinesingea a medst vcintyoftheCrstl Plse.-PrlisiayAdge artisment.o In aLFupcRTEDScn WILSiOno has. tohehnou tod an-ier TAUr'TIme that theiha Roeoive full iStr Pulsctionsby dISOS OFTui tlii,simp6,armandPfollotTdYb aUtION hctald erhdnbard~ earsf rstal PAlanees thempany paying o the ret,an OrdCin thi lidene and FspecualaeproertyLto aYnoina gvroun vrient. fd Ful .arictular and brnaaceles benprepared, and futurrev' adertwisemnens will au.ttemt t ouets shadow, ofns stuak.-uttere andlstatecofetces, 20,etr igs-rads, Bed- Walhalst1obu'Rn-ue. -Housethold Chrimnrey-glasses.ss Lnooren, Wine, ~l0 vlume of Ookstadoo Effects,CmoudMcrsoe M IR. PINARSKERha wrlleSELL bystAuctION,t onL the PU-1N,o h remises, THIS DAY,tMayt,at WaltbamE twcomrsng mah oganyoand jaaned fouer-pesteA and haencinsbe,es goose-fehar athe tie,cp'lbeds and bedding wrroe chests of drawes. manbledroom wappendppn(ages. mm omsiei rosewootiloade abe,sf,car, damaiskigo window furta ins anrol-ewo cases, Brussels carp)ets,a,suwos,to ad fendes 6-fleet )atcen uensls. ay b viwed he dy bfoeander mond ing iofs sal. Catalgues n thepremses, nd ofMr.tarker. 42,ot kepphen-reet NE. The H~~~~~~~~ouse t eLt ihimeit ossin Monthlbuy Saldo Prictors ndDreawngst b modituefne rarist,thenosig-a nait. o whichLwil be gurnEed by thAUrChasers. th cil,teGexletO oe ROB USNIsUnE; th SAed will ctablen neoyatd hispRooms 21.bOld Bond-sthret THdsted Dand bThudayg, Mayst of mat1o'loc preisly jaannd drwillinclude spcmns othe walls obsinermetioh partistdos fte ihBaa' aetlc%cres xu feners flrenronswie ;tedrwn roums cmoriseoanans BrookerI DWutoo Floueryd A,t TJoheatonleibe ickredrandg conole tbe rlin Fox t Whmne H.Ee nighte Wilams, gtfac.s Mlybhffner viewe pltwogdays porser and bcatalogue ocad. ,an Cthetaines, loeDiaoneds Pearlsrt, crubets, Opugs, fendemads Cierar- iVJ. theira aPpos,intmeCsovet-ardelfun,T edmorrow,x Mayth ;d ate 1 and witouft an reerf spleandsdomeES safdbcembrhain inuomerous ofy bri.lants ofutheuensut,wte, pedsarl nieklace, sinet raings ldies vauable, canPey rg.emndrans, veyinerns bilante ditl lnpikilu, brilint .bracelets.hbrillisant afwpatd t,clegan opalbanewd display of loosebilants,rubies, opas emeralog,ecarbuehsdotbopares, InisBandoftey-heauctond Portion of-e-ssrse.Cohen andLublner In Chancey.-" Hitchcock w. (rew" "Hitchcock v. Chapman:'ftTo be Sod,. pursuant to a decree of' the Hligh Court of Chance37 ~made In the above cauace with the approbation of the Judge to whom these causes are attached, at the AUCtion Mart, London, by Mr. JOSEPH NASI, the auctioneer appointed to sell the same, on K 3fond&,y, the 26th day of MNay&, 15,at12lorI'clock, ACottage called Pheasat Cottage and bout 33 A~.acres o freehold building land, situate at Tomnton-lieath, in the iarsish of Croydon in the county of Surrey. being within two isiles cl she=tasof Irod. and eli t of the Metropolis, the property of tl- e ,defendanti Char es Halw 02]lowell Carew, Esq. The same wil be put up in one lot, subject to a reserved bsdding, but in ease the sAa airs] not be sold in one lot it wMlbe again immediately offered in, sce%ernl lots, each lot also subject to a reservd biddingPatclr,wh plan, ay bebad, n Lonon. a the fficeof John EsWpin, R4q. Wslolib~or 38 Daie-steet Brkeey-qu Re eg ame ed,~lq Hensitt&aree~,oven-ga ten; Msr aisSo dolsnal,athoGtyhond, roydn; o thetenat, a PhesantCot' Cunmberland-plae Reogent'spark.-Excellent Household Furniture, lAryo bu1,000 vOte Of Books, beautiful Water Colour Drawlncta few Pictures, exctellet Plated Dinner Service and various RrESSRS. FAREBROTHER, OLARK. SlIa IsYE bsvinSold libe esience, awe Instructed to SEIMLb AUi.- OIN,, on rrseasles, a, CumberaIwd-place, etrs-park THW6 DAY Ma I sad '!o-mcssow at 12 o'clock each day. the excellen' HO SHO dI Wbi&ffX1~ eompeilag mahogmay lout-pOst =a Prnhbdteads andfbe dahaw evrwaroibes, maiaogsyenCled and Othe wisdshtands, dressing tables cberl sod toilet glsases, chest Chair nd sola, car, d. and OOCUSoOS tabss cabnet, elePant gilt .C1810Uls tuabi.tc:.i M rki~asa =ks muarble bust and, pedestals, gilt glrasdoles biscuit iit or-moule fl;uiref. 12-li4ht or-senouuchandelier, st of aabogany d,Ing room chairs,exten ug Aining tables,mabog=aofso6,rosewo6d winged and dwarfbookCkcase, BrOMeelsca2pete, d _inin s drxi romrrtbs fw-tres;' bjy th olwing esteemed wite r-Zoomcartllam wnTed ar ukido, Mosstz, Hfeilmair and Lebsehbee; sad water colour drawings. by Glover and T. Green, sand several exqu to drawingp from the fres coes at Pompeii, and othere after Rpaland Canova; about 1,000 volumes of books among which wilbe found Milton'$ Poetical Works, Lyell'sGeology, InrductlontoEntomolegy,AmtiqueN5tiOnala de France, Montgailliard Hiatoire de Fraince, Biographic des ContenmK0ralns. Trophfes des AInnes Franfals, Tragedfies de Senaqlue, Hook's ma itoy c.:. excellent plated dinner terrice compnning bot water and other dishes, entrIes, palof Ice Palls, dishi covers &c. Amr Proof safes and jewel case, chn,glam kitchen, requistes, anii various effects. May bevdewed, Cat0aloguesiZonthe premises; and or Moes.,r Fareb ter. Clark, and Lye. 6. Lancaster-place, Strand. Kent, between I"arningham. and D)artforcL-S3ix Freehold Cottge,In thb village of Horton Kirby. a portion of the Tithes of thePri= amnounting to £61 5 pe.nr annum, and an enclosure of Wood Land about 12 acres, in the parishes of Horton Kiby Faii a,ana Fawkhami. part of tho estates of the late Jame "W= Mel.Ya MESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, ana LYE will SELT by A-UCTION,- at the Corn Eichange, Dairtfrd, on Sa3turday next. :'fay 3, att 12 for 1 O'clock precisely, in various lots, -viz -A FREEHOLD COTTAGE, with large garden, formerly known as the Fighting Cocks, in the vilage and parish of HEfirton Kirby, ltt on a yearly tenancy at;£14 per annum; Five Frzeehold Cottages donn teorecjug and let to weekl tenants, producing £1 4s. per annum. The tithe rent charges comprise the seiveral sums of £10 Bs. and £P16 17s., issuin out of hinds situate in the pariah of Horton Kirby ; and a Freehold Enclosure of Wood Lad. raown as Churchdown Wood, in the iparisle of Fawkham, and containing about 12 acres land-tax redeemed. Particulairs; may be had at the Bull Inn, Dartord Idon. Farniughism; New Inn, Gravesend at the Corn 'Exchange, bartford; of Benjamin Bodmian; Esq 1, (daenon-street, city; at Garrway's; and of Mesas, FarebrotAer, Claric. and Lye, LAncaster-place. Strand. Winter-felled Oak and Elm Trees on. the Estates of the late James Russell Req. ESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE Makre inatructed by the Executors to SELL, at the Corn Exchange. Dartford, on Satrday net, May3, at3E fori precisely. 419 winter-felled OAK and.08 ELM TRE,lying at Fawkhfam-green, Sexton's-wood. Heaver's-w-ood, Garland's-ebaw StoneydleId-wood, Honeydean's-wood, F ringham-field-shawr, and Welldeld-shaw, in the parishes of Horton Kirby Famningrham, and Fakeham, near to Dartford. Kent. Richard Rphat the Rising Sun, Fakeham-green, will show the timber. Catalogues to bo had at the Leod Inn, Faminigbam; Stull, Dartford; and of Messrs Farebrother,Clark, and ly~e. 6, Lancaster-place, Strand. Valuable and choiceLibrary ofBooks.consisting of about 5,000 volu_mes. embracing Voyages and Travels, History, Toporapy, Biography, CiaEsirs, the Belles Lettres Germau, Oriental, sad Nrhr ies tr,Persian, Turkisb, and Arabic Manuscripts. e, fr thelibraris f the Dluke of Sussex, Lord GuiIdford, Sir Makrk Smykes, Mr. Hanrott. and others ESR.FAREBROTIBER , CLARK, and LYE M wll P.TT.upon the Promi Rtandall's-park, near Leatherhead, Surrey, on Tuesday. MEay 6. an two foelling days, at 12 for 1 each day, a valuable LIBRARY of about 5,000 vOle. Among the octaves will be found the Annual Register, 67 vols. ; Asiatic Journal, 72 vols. - Journal Asiatique, 47 vols.' Auctores Classici, cum not. var, Valpy, fOO vole. ; the Bridgewater '#reatiaes, 10 vote.; Chalmer's Biographical Dictionary, 32 vols.; Dibdin't Works, meestly on lame poper; Frolssart's and Monstrelet's Chronicles, 24 volm.; GenTie-- man's 'Magazine, 122 vols. ; Heering's Estorical Researches and other Works, 9 vote. fHume and Smollett's EHitory of England, 13 vols.; Irelands Thames Avon, and other Works. 9 vote.; Lowndos' Bibliographer's Manual, large paper, uncut, 4 vote.; Loudon's Gardener's M-agazine, and other works, 10 vote' P ark-yn's Monastic Remains. 2 vote.; Quarterly Review. 69 volse; bhaw's Zoology 28 vets Quartos :-Archseologta,28vols -Bible and Common Prayer. 'by ]YO;ly and Miant, 4 vote. ; Buckeland's l6elquiofDlIuviannss; Brayley's Hlistory of Surrey, 30 parts; Ciceor Officia et Fairadoxr., 1472; Clarlc&r Travels, 7 vels. ; Cook's V oyages, 10 vote. ; D)ibdin's Bibliotheca Spenceriana, 4vols.and Supplement; ,ffdes Aithriaa2vl.lrg ~per; Don Quixote, Madrid, 4 vote.;EvlnsMmi,2 es ~oe'An iqutis, 14 volse; Sir WilliamJoe'WrkanLi, volse; Moor's Hindu Infanticide; Parkinson's Organic Remis3 vole. ; Pennant's Topographical Works, 21 vote.; Rees'Cyelogeis4 vols.; Stnutt's Ecclesiastical Antiquities Dresser, and otherWre: Antony At Wood's Antiquities of Oxford, by Gutch, with additions and illustrations.2 vels., Ac. FOoler.-Ains,lle'sViewsin Egypt, by M4ayer; AxistophanIa Comedisa,editioprincps,Aldus,,1498; Brn.it'sShip of Fools, in vers, by Barclay, 1570; Dowell'sVlewB in Greece; D'Olisson Tableau Glueral do 1'Empire Othoman. 3 vote.; Froissart's Chronicle, 2 vols, in 1, printed by Pymnsn 1525;: Galies de Florence, 4 vols.; Gough's Sepulchral Monuments : Holinshed's Chronicles, 3 voI.. 1516 Kinig'sMun,imentaAntiqua, 4 vote; Mnig and Esny's History of Surrey, .Svo!E.; Meyrick's Ancient Armour, 3 voie; Paerss Plgrimes, 5 vote, old russia, fine copy; Shak-espeare's Works, Boydell's edition, 9 vets.: Sydny's State Papers and others all in a choice state and mayonlre paper and superly bound. A manuscript roll 45 feet lon3g, with exquisite minitures ' King Charles the First's Copy of Buck and Daniiel's Bi1ble, dc. Wasy be viewed on Saturday and Mlondaypreedig te sle,andcatloges adon the premises ; at the SwanHotl, eaterhad: he agl Hoel,Epsom; the Sun Hotel, the ofics-pofk Messrs Featrhedbtrrther, Clark,hand Ly, arncaster-1 Collection of Pictures, and numnerous Effects. 1jESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE M11 have received instructions to SELL, on the Premises, as above, an Friday May 9. and follewin4 day, at :2 each day, the HOUSEHOLaD YbRNITURE ; comprising maahoganfour-poet a6nd iron bDedsteads and bedding, marble-top washstands, wardrobes and chests of drawers, cheval and dressing glasses, rorewcoodIoD, card, and occasional taMs, ouces,sofs, ndChairs, console tables chimney and pier glasses, mahogany dlinig tables and chairs bookcases, suites of curtains, Brussels carpets, elegant Frech and other clocks, a few bronzes, old Dresden vases and figures, and ornamental items ; a small collection of pictures, including specimens of Breckienramp. Calvert. Her. ring, 1a Roy, Miens, OP.e Pether Powell, Rysdacl, Slingelandt, Terhurg, Tows, VanWrrel], Wetster. a beautiful speime by Patrick Naysmnith, a View on the Taxibridge Reed, enamel of King CharlesI., afew drawings, ae; two iron repotitortes, andfivrous other effects, May beviewed te day preceding and morningof sae. Catalogues had on the premises; at the Swan Inn, Lotherhsead;- the Eagle Hotel, Eom ; the Sun HOte, Kingstn- of St. P, B. Eookr, Req. seleitr. Licoln's-inn-fields; andk attihe offices of Mfessrs. Farebrother Ca~rIJand Lye, Lancaster-place, Strand. Garrawa7'g.-Order of Sale, To-mnorrow, Mfay L. MESSRS. DEBE.NHAM STORR, and SON beg IJ.to announce that thePROP~EATilS already advertised will be. SOLD at arraay', THS DA, Ma i,in the following order, Lot . Th ImpovedRan of 40 pr anum,for 41 years, on Ho.!1, Lots2 t 6 nclsiv. Te Fie LaseoldHoues,in St. Paul'sstret Ilinto. erm70yers grun rnts4 uicaper annum -Lot '(, The Elgin Arma Tavern, INottiog-hill. Term 16 years, ground rent £10 per annum. Lots, 8 to 14 inclusive. 100 Shares in the Defendler Fire and Life Insurance COmpany, and two Memoranda. Particularis new ready at the offices of the auctioneers, King-street, Covent-garden. Ho. 31, Paternoster-row-.-Household Fkuriture and Fittings ofa B3utcher's Shop. 1i-rESSRS. DEBENHAMf, STORR, and SO"N'bieg , to anELL h e AUtIO, uprseond the y Prmses as aove To-morrow, May 2,at2.HOLD SROERTID Gru nd ITent, aPIowpintings, and thke fitetinso Garbuawhe's sop, byeodnerdy ofe Exector. Thn vucioew theg morn angof shale,[ a rnd tobeceared i th sarmoe day. uCableue atnte offcs Kin-sreet, C ovntgaent-adn Dsrbe freehold an Leasholm-dinaeetpmene.ond a. ae M~IESSRS. DEBENHAM, STORP., andl SON are ilc antLrruwat'd ton WEdnb UTO,a Graas eesday, te2s.Teacinesbgt rMind thei fred VL And theD C pubicthaCttg anderl iniardon adofipropertyt intene frorwthe'hisl salewillbensure fullG puliit being gienait, and alsotha ths srin seaon sa arore favourableaoe, tha n yer sometimepas forthedispsal f al e oftatheair iecnithes,-fang slreet, Covent-gardwerstren, art ltertmoutliDevon.-VillaD Residence and Ctaedjingeultof fre o ic eehoVld,ewth Immediate, posessiof n, ln lts MESSRS. DEBENHA,STORR, and SON are ..V.isrce oSELL by AUCTION, at thir troaway'st Whedmnesday, M5ay 2, variLLA RFECS,iDnCE,po wiath otsontage adgarde adjlowinig aFeprcorn, the houe ommnd dvesdaof tod-ae, 21th ve locaity is speiall adptedfortheccu ationeof ane inalid.iMa, mouth Partcular ofl Mof Tabdeanxd SoicitorDard ltmeuChrandof Sals o ri h Genoand IVel loetJwes, FrnhSik,Wstoinlland COraeths, anld Doeskins, aaottie.ri Linens, Cabinerty Goodbls,eFurniture, Teabl and1Be LNoinen,fo Sadle,adMselne.ay. 1816 MESSRS. D)EBENHAM, STORR, and SON wbll reSeLtflby AUtIoN catl thei Rtetonoms througobutyth monthrof bay,kvries E C, soincappropriateor lots,vonsthe day folwn: Friday, the 2d W edne sday, the 21sto h Monday, AUThe N 6th alubl FRiday, the 2d u nd Frluidgisieivrlt,ay,lthsethicesondy the 2uensath dEl Motenda, thefil pl2thd Itms Wedh lckfnesdy, the 2d0th n. Weednesday, thes.wth dulxaI ee aoemnd onse rlin Friday, the 10th ~ ~ the20t aDP onday, the au9th ne o f rIday,wh the 30h ofothe poperty saybvl e,adctlges obtained, one dayfprior, Kigsre.Covent-garden, Modn,Bay 1, 1010. aucwtioeMrt, forether Sal te iof ale and Sidebmoade Pandcste.s Chronmetuers.n Watces anl lcs,loeJeestrilat.aes Gol Trnkes,ndthe cosly , Prpby. o stablishe inthe yeautrs ~/rESSRs. Street,AMa, SOE,L b nd A O1N,a bheg hankers solictors, ecutor, silversmth, ndewlr, tor theure SALES by AUCION ofevalua le PE OPEIT 'ofvrtnskd, incudngmasie iler lae,taleseviesof th Quoeen' anwndfiddled pattrns Shfild late itms,Frech omes fielyvafionishedh chronoemerlds saphIes,rubes,andpeals,diaond orllarrnents adwbijotere i gret vriey. Toseforthe monho. a ilb Valuab3l Leasehold Estates of the late Tnomas Street, Esq., Pem- bridgo Vilhass Inverness-road, and Garway-road, Bayswater, abPaddington, and in the city or Lyndon. M R. ALLEN DAVIS is directed by the Executor m to SELL by AUCTION, at the MIart on Thursday, 1ayO 8, at 12, in eight lots, tho following eligible PrO. ERTIES for leasehold investment, consisting of two semi-detached residences, Nos. 21 and 23, PFmbridge-v7ilas, oneg with passession, and the other let at ;£1 per annum; residences No. 4, Garway-road, and Nos. 20, 21, and 22, Inverness-road, Basswater; respectably tenanted house No. 14, Salisbury-street, Paddington, let on lease; and a leasehold house, No. 4; Coleman-sreet-buildings, in the city of London, let out in oflces; being mostly held for long terms, at low ground rents, in situations to connan repecabl an pemannt entls,amounting to at present about £710 per annum, May be viewed by permison of tenants. Particulars had at the R*oyal Oak, Bayaswater~ King's Aml,Kensington- Sussex: Arms, Hammeremith~ Whiate liSn, Padngton- of Jamnes anscey Wild, Esq. X solicitor, 84, lssinghall-treet of efMr. Allen Dvi, U OldJewrry-chamb.,rs: andattheAuctionagart, E li ble Invstmont,and Residences for oocupation at lewishamr 1NjEl aS1S. D). S. BAKER and SON are directed by the Mortgagees. under a power of sale, to SELL by AUCTION at the Mart, on Friday, May 9, at 12, valuable LFASMHOLD ESTAXE- consistitg of 10 semi-detached houses, with walled gardens, teasantlhdtute, Noc 1, 2, 3, 4, Maril-roNd os 1, 2, , anti a Nos 1 and 2, Reith-terrace, dstoe-road, within a few minute walk of the railw station at yewih Kent. The property is held for a long unexpired term at moderate ground rents Eigt of the houses are let to respectable tenants, arnd the rental of the whole is X= Per annum, May be viewed by leave of the tenants, and particaulas had, 14 days price to the sae, off D. Hughesf, Esq., solicitor, 13. Gresham-streot,city ; of Messrs Coode, Kinadon, and Cotton, solicitors, 1 Kins Arm-yard, Mooatestet * at the Mart; and of Messrs. VS. er and Son, 107, Upper-st., Isington. High. s.-Destrable long Leaseolds, for investment or occupation, 1IT SSS. D. S. BA ERandSONareinstructed°to IVJ. BELLby AUCTION. at the Mart, on Friday, may 9, at 12. TWO exelent RESIDENCES moss plese"atly situate Noe. 9and 10, Righbuhi-grove Villas Idhx on, fcng the entrance to Highhury Hew-park - eachhose ^5 suit ntted up for the acoommation ofr g and asa good garden and fore court; both are ,abe ennt, o las, utimmediate pomaeincsr ca be had of oe of thornifdesired.The btwoproduceia rer.al of £205 ernu, andae held for long n dterms. Tobeviewed bl pemison of the tenant, isid pirticulars had lO daya price to te sle oS Di. Hoihes, Bq., eoblcitor, 13, Gres-an-street4 city; at the Anctlon Mat ardof Messr.!, D, Ba Iker and Eg 107, Upper-tret,4 leZilitf -Caraberwell.-LMsechold InTestments. j3{ESPRS. PRICKETT arLd SONS will SELL by A'UCTION, at the Mast, ca Friduy. Msy 16. at 12, in two lote', tOe deuirable long LEASEHOLD InVESTMENS, comaprisin four brl.kbult welln-b-oss,Hoe 12, , nd4. Harvey-rovAd Camber. AUl-re ION the Xih C t. onle Fiand Maunyo16 SurrDe. :tbs ee let ab&ac am EStTAsTimE; wproiie altogetiher boe anndm uijuio o th tnans, ndi~lssarebaIneloto uidtferCambede citos~ 14,Tsinuty.urstte, 1leoazy ofad of Mews Coisholdl{oaee,4lrat San Gre,ideatex.nre. h MESRS. PRICXETT and SONS will SELL by AlEA'UCTION, at the Mart, on Fziday. May 16,atI in lote s, a dosirable COPHOLD) ESTATE; comprising abu d4ellirg-ouf land, thre mal huse, djonig tgeher wthaplt ofBuldstn,in thesn estmatd tproucc retalof 17 a er nnu. ay be vieweLad, and Hlghgate. Middlesex.~an Upto, dIcst Hand, B atcaFrebol ner ural Sre,bydr te, Executrix of Mx. J. H. Stag,aeed UE8SRSR. PRICKETT andSOS ilSELb .,V.AUCTION. at the Mart. on Frida,My6at1,ilosade dsirablePLTo FREEHOLD ETT;cmrsn bu 0arso ad whel padapte ofo buidin pur,oses, siNaeMfordtne n h pealesriehet,o ardadinirabdlry haa sevralhoteshaingbendr cthtrd ereted inou hes i daeegbuho. May be viewed,n a and Sporticudr DobgIned 'pon; appleitcationtoJhLarneBuden; cl'-inn Lnou?-m-fields; atteMr;adofeasPicttadSn,utiqon.'eers od valuers, 34, Southsmto-bidnsCaceyn,ad adHighgate, Middlesex Ueston,l Weasehanld Inestm.rentbottBuldin Lad bydFiretzronyo moltEl ieto fthe Executrix of Mr. J ohnHod. Strange,deasd MESSRS. PRICKETT and SONS WIll SELL by ALAUCTION, at the Mart, on Friday. May 316. at 12, in one lot, a desimable PLOT EofLFREHOUSE BUitDh com anD,n ato Uptont, be Noq.12. sotictor.b4,mLcourt-inrolds; togehr owiesrs 'brick-bite and Sons and Highgato, Middlesex, lese o dsir Deirable Mdleasehol-IVestmbent,o Tottenhanha-cut-d an~d~ Fitrroy _MrttES irction of the Executrix of Mr. J oh. HolerSrage, -eesd hESSRS. PRIOIKETT and SONS.'wi)l SELL by AUCTION at the Mart on Friday, Mfay1,a 2 noelt a desirable ULEASOL Hof SE, ith commaDin sho front, benow grudrn ac8ka b vee b emsin "of th tienaints and 44 Ainons-n-ied;at the Mart; an xdaof Mey 16. at r,inlett ~ an os,vra aucti oneers n vlsuers,g 34douhavptg-bfldntges,uo Chancry. lane,oan ndHigowse,-roddlesex. ik sot itnc ro h dirpectio ofteTTrnn erl donn the Excurinfct.ioH Srnge,feeaedTil bur FrtEndSRSuPthen Ralwa and h Fs S andwl WsEL bydi D - CaUCleTav On, Hatcthey-Mare on Fiday.; Ma 16 P t. hinUs s. one b cBrown4w4lSed, ooln'sinn-ieds 5andr ofp. Negsituatetat Fandhl.omons,au tither adoubluefrotgs on ro~tadph-laneildiBwngwhnell-lane. n na thelighbunorth road;eat presentl occuidnedI an. Plowmnts af brlicg lanchiey-cirecton; ot the Marct;i of C.r. Pohnlis Hler.solctorng, d4, MESSRS. PRICKETT and SONS will SELL by IT AUCTION, at the Marti, on Friday, May 16. at 12, in lots,a brodickabult REEsubLDtHOUSEa 7 OLDnnysoDN-trAce.to gether it ToteneralmP-oligofbFeehbold Building L ' avng, frontages pontChar dorpectioCstl oavrn and nxeaurixo .J aoILn Sthage ejuctin fshTl buSyFRt .FIKT and SONhnawywthteESt adweit IndLa Doc Ralwy MayIO bate Mee, n artciculanrsiobay,ned16 at12 theMorpth, Castrle riTavr,Hcnywik h at of C.il FE ba)3UL F. PhLNIpD Eow,esel Hiehbry.-A excelentFreeholdRsidneadPoi.fBidn ceased.neFalc-oue MESSRS.NDALEKwillandLLObS wUllISELLaby ALLAUCION attheMar, cty,on rid %N Iay 16, at 12RiElts th desirableando susanitial modemHL huntEsl)ENaDobl-cEot garden bein 8,ark-placore, hgbuy, coinntmainngeery, accommodyationfo auan liyoge-treet Mayd bfeveet ndprsui. basea huH~br BArnadCTOck.Tav teirns u ofom C. F. Oxfordpstre, near. tohecitor and ons, auctionersw and or1 valuers, pSunctuallpthen-bpitldingodCers cery-lane, and Highgatde,LhoMaddlesex. Tnttur,equam-ligonew Feholn en mihd BuidinbLad, thPg-reLtn,iby diretioh ftes.urio r..H trne eesd MESSES. OXENHAEI and SONS will SELL by LE AUCTIONT, at the Partecitys on FrisdaMay1, ath 12. in lots, sing:frontagesiong i,ronfbed-soadwt adPage-g hagiee n-rad btedadmirabl cdaplted,o thed earretono drwellin-shoseans, blseing wthinea short istane oflteriotenham St,Eartion o-ln te.EsenCutea aay rTelanEd-taxrhs. befModoombestrMet be-srtoed, nduarticu-rm lars obaieda the vahibe LHart, ofthcomattehi-ah EMartS, citn of-e Pricktt an Sons auctoneer and aluer,eHghgte andses, Soth-d ampton-buIldings, Chancery-lane.g sbool) J3~raay's,on ThrsdayeMy1, St art 1, 'cok,TW 1e.R HOSE,No. 5andA 26hu rch-ae,imedonse,trodtcing arrenta. t T.byIN:storaE wilbellht SELL by AUCTIO.on, Tusday 6R.Grray', on Thursay,lMay1 aftisPuneMsIs,pecouprslyol by privatg-conteraclt,)te iheASer andemc WveILLno an FonEEn inrtomltt,nMidooese, dourbdros rsing anexelenorade,es bat years; ret £be50, Codtion fof sal mayrbes hacldiof .h Penery gastm EsDqe,oxes Potland-pl 3 crace,sCommercil-road,spnoeyhsbe. ue za iir achool assdemlagfetlofgcapitalgmodernofurnhtrnegarDomble-coutionHar byoureand, Piaofo rtesom oemien waakouersof Chney-glassxes ,a qan-o NothtaomTys and Bieforfects Vaubl.nIpovn rehl and LESSolR roeris. o We.NHA t atedSONSbr will, SeL bynk of th AUCTION atrrtheir Rooms in3,ow Oforid-street,nea the Pa. tiEcand ToSONo, at rarrfore1?oclc punmectaly Hthecapitalforderon soVs,eouces,dand teas chdairs lof t card, ocasional the actvoedningpeiey tale,pHEdsa anderenclosed svesorys dinnaberViwags,bokases,% gr and,Pcabinet, andtpiccollowpianoflortes:byteminTentmaker.andouble actioancharp brard chimnewy-eantd piunryglases, de; th bedonbymubhr funitue of thrsie VUswtaX ecition, atoys bandsnumerousfusefulgand ornamuentaly mscellanes.ry bet dowsaeonthursdayn and mL-orning o ale, anductalowe s haed.wt nlovnsi ulbaig 22, Lowe Phallemdre-plcet benslgtdensuh-Thouhnsme st odern Fur. ingtr equa toin now,s havning ben futernised wikothi an,thelasft nn ES S. XNHMand oskee' om,fv rnia e ONS% will seLLats byd AUCTION,an wtrconethe Premises,won th ouesay,theon of th ay,r C sodfollwitr,ndgordayctelacsunday,the handao. mhodern toothisltN TUBE;rompblfritsingtironbedsed igtho damaske hdanings and bddoiing acomplete, ingtedet wardobedawes dstntenshtranse, glasses,tables, roomecairsandcuhesvn, aobl consolheFetabmle andglashoer, cain-o nel-gharsvesflrgexcdimensieaons curanstablesno evey description,fv pedescotalesibor, shrubberyiswou and othrtarpet, dnoingroo andpelibrar ochpatirsond sofEdarHris, chGlaspaedrg ariLes, and Jonumeousdeffects3. Mayhe Rsduewe on aonTay ofetmorinztaofosale, o and caalgus ad; also atdMessrs. thenam',situaces,nearOlor.tre2, near the Pthehealon. Charleos oedwardSmt, o Jatcmb-strMet, BedSmigaelsuae rei.Lo May 6,The vaiuabe LEf S ofe l-ethoedd cm actdREiSES,l in at nelor. ton-tret lgrve-quar; cmprsin stllsforegthre,sad in fr ~ ariaesI avngben orery se a ariin shol) capaiou rosisandloftove. Te popetyhsi efctrpioM- wad= h ie o h rcino eahd T;illas. aRnd commanding To V ry=smP,edthThere isa valuable qurr otxclln buligstone,ne nfulorking, on this lot. Lt6, Theresdue of toMo. 7 er bolt,o hc about 1.0 are nepied ofadigl htlaRsdne know by thuameof ock ottge,sitateo or n,ear the Nortimy turpike od o in the occupation of" Grg Renods,, M.a The hosesands non anemnnc,suronedb rbbeyad ml lw,havig a sot sec,wtIxtniedesodh panoramic and breakfastros,ixbebd rooms,t'!g2, servants rooms, wter-lst, theprmieshav awas omande a firs-cas tanl. Lot?. The Fee-smplndIheiae . falthtvreryan roductive taleGare,ajinn-okCotg,wl stced ithb chEomi imsand Inheritance ofal tha aldGre, elsokdwt tieojeppesein ful LM:'Ot9. Te residue of atermo 70 years ab'olnutoe, of whiegchrabout50 areunmexpired ofandi balltfavr svl tire walld Gaden, adoin&intho at~t lowl ewii, tre,adlne inteocption o the said dadRns and about 10 minutesdie fo teNrthDeon aiwyTrnus. Lt1.Thne Fee-simpl adInertanc ofal ha vr desirable welngMos,stae in Butt Garden-street, in thUertw o idf aforead oi heocpte f M3rs. EdadBle.Ihslti well Calculated for the=rsidnceof alete aiy n opiot, os water-closet, &c., with four good bod rmsOn the seoII foo= Ii -nIsconvenently fittedpthrogot%awlapled~ w hahdand sft water and th asi tkn.no Pprnipl ros h iw from thisbhouaeembracebotha twn sl4county Fo iwnThe pre riaiss application maty be mnade to Wi epctv cupea nd any farthr paticuars btaind b~jaJft,la toteI'-exir, Thomas or at a offic of Mr Rse sliMr and notary rubiE.Bide-fed. Notice-o o h bv poe hsbe hn a odb rvt treaty.7-Dated April 4, 1856. -b1ths-sod7prve 1,60 Pece ofItoinPapr~IO PirsofBoots and Shoes, &c. pI~T OMASw'U ELLbj,"Uj]joN;, at t's-park.-Valuable Leasehold Ppert,~ on teCcrwn at. V= efornrestmt or oc¶ps.tion, compriidngegt dtLR deuces In Cumberland-place, Cheiter-terrace, Cheger-plaoe, Turk-sair west, and Brumawick-jilae; an =roved Ground Bent' - Piibbhome,in'UPppsrA1b&cy4Wsset; a xe m ugs alf k Slablng Ifflew-bigm-oraon ii tbl~d etts JA hI late C*fUmeand-plaoe, with =2In band; NO.- 7. Cherter-terrace, with utabling, on lease to Si Edwin P-earson N'o. B.. Chester-, &Tecice witht stAbing, On lease to 0. C rboo ari.;I ' w.--No. 19, Chuter- let to Mms Co1eds%idge- X C hesttr-plac, let $ m ;the Pzince Geoore bouir-e.acin jger- Alba street, on Ieao to Mr. Coenewell; an zextenive xsnge os tabli m'i Chestemews, forming three lots; an improved ground.rentseured. spn tabling in Chester-mews; ani oyedgroundrentso,-acoedupou No ,cuinbrland-tieorce; a cajpital residaee. No. 12. -Pasfn-square Wesrt, With stabling, oouPledb W.Willianig, Zsc.. X . with posses$10on at Midsummer; A compacr residence, No.. * rnwck-plaoe, opposite Harley-h ouse, let to J. D. Thomson, Faq., and ssabling in the rear, let to Capt. Rigmialdent R.N. Theo several lota Ame held for ucnexpiredterr ayinmg from ~0toPOyearsat ground rents, Mfaybeyiwdiherrnhslon of the teniants, and prmnted particulars may now be8 obtained at Gumraway' of B 'Bannister, Faq., solicitor, 13, Jobn-street, Bedfrdro and otHemrs. Rujslworth aud Jarvis, SautIe-row. Regenit-street, and 19% Change-alley, CorubilL, Now on view.-Beautiu Marble Statues, Groups Busts, and Vs, fene Old Bronzes, FlorentineMosacs, Pictures very valuable Marble C1himney;picOe, Candelabra, and Pedestals. in scagifols, and other useful Works of Axt, being the Second rortion of the Stobik of Hfewn. Browsne andCo.. bo' whosedirection MMSSS. JEtUSHWOERTR and JAIRVISwsil1 SELL ,jJ,by AUCTION, at the Galfleries 343, University-street, near Fitzroyquare, on Tuesday, May 6, and foUowinf day (the premises baving beeusdisPosed of), the celebrated COLLECT ONeof WORKS of ARiT. in marble, bronze, stone, and terra cotta, including the following beaLutiful statues and groups in marble, the Apollo Belvidere, an Amazon, PSyche, Diana. Triumph of Cer Cyprissus and Vying IFawn, a group of Charity, a Guarduan Axgel. Cupid and Plysehe, Caator and Pollux, the Laocoon, &c. ; the busts include, Antinoug and Ariadne. beroic sie Podumoy, Romer, CEscby-~ los. t-he Dulke of Welington, Caunnig, a_sair of bronze Yams, and ewe slier Cellni, satyr, and baocbhante, boat of. Bsffaelle;' a Marriage Festival, paLinted in ois by Watteazu; Virgin andChild, of the Italan schol;man beutiull sclptredLooa Qatozeand other chimney-iecs, uItbleforansonsf te frstclas, n satuaLry. Blavaccion, Boccteio, iena, ad ohr arbes,a lrgeand valuable collecton f peestls ad cndelbra in ag oma e senchoice Floren- No.2, Hyde-park-place, Cumberland-gate.-Fusruiture, large Glasses, Pianoforte, and othe r Effects. MIE SSRS. RUSHWORTH and JARVIS have re- ceived directions from the Trustees to SELL by AUCTION I, on the Premises, on Friday, May 9, (the residence having been disposed of,) the whole of the capital FURXITURE~ which is of the usual description, and includes the reqite of niepicia n secondary bed chambers, a rosewoDd drawing room suite, withl culrtaing for five windows in merino damask, a noble console glass and several large pier and chimney slasses Parisian clocss and ornamnents, ormeulu suspnding lamPs, mahogany dining room and library appen- -dages a grand Pianoforte by Toinkinson. Brussels carpets and rugs, genders, fire-Irons, &C.. fittings of hall and domestic offices, culinairy utesil, arvics f hin an glss,andoter useful effects. To be viewd te dy pevius o te mle,andcatalogues had of Messrs. fElowannCo, 1~ xfrd-tret;an atth ofics f Msss.Rush. Platd Wr,Lnen hansom Tale Cinaand ichy c teGss and various Effects. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Gls~au MESSRS. RUSHEWORTH and JARVIS will SELL M by AUCTION, on thoPreralses,16,Bussell-sq, on Tuesday, May 13 and two followinMg dasa UTE of rich GREEN FIG;URED S1flX i'0~IDOW CRTAJiS, in the drawing room, sofas, couches, ottomans andl chairs of elegant design, be-autiful marqueterie, wvalnutwood, and other cabinets and tables, consoles, nioble glasses, Dresden asd other foreignobina, clocks,chandellers, lustres and rmamental objects, library tabrles, carved sideboard, Brussels and Turkey carpets, chamber furniture of the rsual description,600 ounces of plate, inicluding salves tea and coffee equipages candlesticks inketands, spoons, forks, and ladles, plated entrC-e and other dishes dis covers,, wine coolers, e,_, a, god watch ressing-case, with silver fittun 20 dozen of excellent Claet, Hoe~ Champanme, Port, Sherry bra-y, and Hollands, The wvines may be tasted at the time of sale, bfhe effects wil beeon view one day pevious. and catalogues had of Messrs. Enushworthi and Jarvis Oavill-row, Regent-istreet, and 19, Change-alley, Comnilli Avaluable Library of 2.000 Volumes, in general lIteauef nldn many recently published popular works and some mdmlwbos MI,ESSRS. RUJSHWIORTHandJRISilEL ,L,by AUCTION, on the Premise No 16, BusR -qar,on Theedlay, May 13, 2.000 volumes of BOOKO, in'variousde en olirature, including Dod's Church History of 113glanda tke~a Of Riolimondsalitre and History ofWaly oatsEsx yt' IndutrilArt, Ecycopa3dia, ihinna,dshrhlviwQrtry Reiw Gnlm 's Magazine, idi' blorpcaDeieon BiewtrTreatises, galleriesanilutte wos,mnyfth poplarboos o te dy ad godstandard wrsi itr,bo grahy,andbeles ettos,Maybeiewed thedaprvosanctlogushaof Mssr. Buhwotliand Jarvis, Svlerw eet ise,and 19, Cag-alley. CoruhilL. Yorkshire, in the North Riding.-Ellgible Landed Investments, situate in the parish of Burneston, Q. miles south of Bedale, coniprising 1.353 aores, together with the-Manor or Lordship of Carthorpe, extending overthe whole tow-oshi MESSR. RJSHWVOiTH and JARVIS beg to notify that the S A TE of this ESTATE will tak-e Place at the George Hoe,York. on Thursday. Mtay 22, at I, in nin,je lots, unless as acceptable offer be made for the whole before thelithof May, of which notion will be given in this paper. Patticulars andplans are now ready fordelvey, nd os behadofMr.ThoasManghsan, Jerveaux Abby; f Toma Tohan, Eq,.solcitr,Middlsbam ; of M,r. WiliamChadlr Tnfild,ner edae.whowil show the estate ; likeiseof ohn7,fughane, Les.-OBrleyo Marloog,e it;adi London.oMess. GicoEESN t, andSN ett soliifytorsa18 Carey ftet ioowin' s-n;adt the oRDE cesfofh Messrs. of nIHwOLtD and JFaSRv,LaDsuvyr andERUS auctioees Mavyl-,rowDA, Regntsteetndin 1ForFreehold Mason easehold CaandiFreeold, Propewrties iu. Groers 2. GSSRS RueEN6 Cavndisod S urfbeldtoad n tockwell tie 1.FCourmFreehold Lesdehold Cavendish-road,Wnwrt: in foelor 4C Freehold, St. (beorge's-lane, Canterbury. 8. Freehold Mansion, Hadley. Particulars at the Mart ; Of Messrs Harrison, 5, Walbrook: of Mfessrs. Watson and Sons, 1.2, Bouserie-street, Fleet-street; and at the auctioneers offices, 18, Hattoni-grrden. To anc Sopmjkea rfu ad others TION at heirSal Boos, the F roieon-str at, cty,To In Bankruptcy. Re W. Shove, of CroydOn.-Second Portion of the Stock, and Effects of a Pasnter, including feshionable Dog Cart, set of Plated Harness, Sadle and Bridle,&c,-Alssoluto Sale. by order of JW I:GREEN and SON wil SELL by AUtO- TO,at their Commercia Sale Rooms, 44, Farringdon-street, city To-morrow (Friday) Mayl., at 12 for 1, the S COND PORTION of ;le STOCK of a PAITRand COLOUBMAIi, including dry and ground colours, painters' and artiste brushes, varnishes, Paperhing~ings glasspaper,spioeg,120lb.fine black?andageen teas,sugarscoffees, cocoa, muft&rd, and other useful stock, The Household Furniture dresin an oter lases,a 6-ocavecotag paortinwalnut Turer,andTurer 8 Aderanhry;at herooms;adtth Messrs. Strahan and Co.'s Bankruptcy.-The ABhurst Estate, riear Dorlking,S, 1AFESSRS. DAVIS and JOu&STONE beg to an- .41nounce that they are instructed by the Assignee of Messrs. Strahan, aul, and Bates, and with theconrreuneoe ofthe Morigagees, to SELby AUCTION, at the Mt,London.,on Friday June 20, at 12, the important and ornamentalFTATEA kown as Ashurt, otherwise HighAshurst. with its beautiful vill residence, late the seat of Mr. Strahan, delightfuoIy situate in a mnost picturesque country, about five miles from Ep-om, and three from Dorking. Surrey, The estate is freehold, nearlyaUi land-tax redeeme,antd aL portion free from great tithes. Thero are two complete farm homesteads in meet substantial repair, and a t'hird used for the gameikeeec's quarters. The residence stands upon the brow of a hill, shelteredi foms the naorth and east, and, although at a great elevation is approached by an eas trotftig road, Thoe acommodations afforderiare 24prineiW,landsecondary chamberp dressging rooms and nurseries, ladfies' boudohr opening on to a delightful conservatory, a gentleman's study, a very unique drawing room corn. municatingwith the library, a spacious hall and billiard room, and a loftydining room; the domestic offics are or a meet complete character, and contain every appointment requisi'te for anobleman'4r geni. tlemansisseat- at the rearof the domesticoffoes are thestabling, coachhlouses, laundry, and other out-offices. The ladies' conservatory opens upon the flower garden, beautifully laid out in parterres and terraces, commanding most extensive and delightful views over this picturesque portion of Surrey. There are also orangeries and graperies, and a po ductvektchegaren, he holeofeeproertis in hand. andis, lik mot o th neghourng staes,faredornamentally by the pro. culaFrnitare ind coure o1 preparation,andsayeo btane ins~toutdb h Wsignm ellesq. offMeicitala asineed Coleman-EL stetby UCIdNgs of Jhe p, Coc--k n olJney,Fq.slctr 23 Labd Colowndut dlacea 1 fofMsrs.2 Larece Plow, and ooyery sol0ci.rs, 14 old Jeryctrham6's, Loundonroy Cartdere Morrison, thqe somlictor Reqigmato;fa the Mndart and sof h uton7chrs, 68 :Mark-lane, Lodoin. om drwn uThe Fuabrnitue carvndgffcs inwofd,uis anirten ae bodij SSr,slaeb.x DAblS TanduJbSleEhalcok -udvlve been pet1ing,dmstructd bythe Asseignes, ofriesrs latrchamn and CoptieLr by AUTION on te prmise, on onda, Jue 21,tands ofdoliewlg days.at I for12. ach ay, he cstly APP ,oIN beNT oftaiMr.o Steaan'scoutry esidnce cor risng he cmpltre equipments; of 24 pincpal nd ecodarycha~er :-lfahgan Odinn eroomhand ElassGesvauben paintings andbl water importdawngs anebl exttensiv brarto eligibebfor sideboard of modarer plate, Sparts anforesden;_ chia, richct-glassen, cand tof remacnelln wine; o the fittings of budomee offics; hot-beam plan 'ts,andmscelanosefc,Mabevwd iMESSRLaSrace Flaws, S and WAL.iitr, 4 Ld Ew y-have- rers,iLo doin; ttheWites Hrorste, rkiteean tof thELLb AUCTIONer, at8th Mark-isne Lhondon, ho a,i oa towl-mw n Eastl Gralunblch-STATi valuable nd import%M antdrDeehol manae rate invetet n the reptin& fmai Enderbwrty o the notieat of buildes atter Mart, in the mcuptont of May.i lots, thewell-known andlf higly alubleESTTE,comrisng Thefahilsadope,mn yeas I th ocuptio ofMesrs Enerb ;the semegn n dis-tintlots -separastel-y t-he-y are eligible for TrInafcturea o a smaller scae. The premises on lease to MEr. Deal form a first-class investmnent, the teniant having a valuble interest beyond his rent of 219 per anmnu. The plots of land abut on a now thoroughfare leadng romtherivr wll o te min oadwhich leads to Tarioes large Thnrcoerecellandtro thedne frai Textmensio of theulattrhisn landise w nellwrtyoutc tetions h Motamofbidr andL speICultr.The a reilculrs,wth plns mriay shor tly2 be thade lofa Nesrs Tat1,Uptn, 3 lropton, andeJonso, soicitors,d Ansientrlaasitatte airandoffbu withnsTs w of thmieys. and Wa aving68 Old Broad-stretct,hr ordersbl yeo l tewnay t also be had, i Brompton-Thr A excellent Resiene fa r Ineten rOuain ThreSS chonS. ow and!H Y antdg.Eon WaLnd hCve e PYc IvedinTruTios RoDtERMofiaeet SELL~ a the MartI, aithe Mart, on Turida,ayy . 6:2Int Thre Ioreweoy w0h 81, inns andmpton-crosceii, ila santiy andz Crcen Tvenietl situate Untoff, bu witrhinuvew Lot 2The 51GbrAoadund havng anW Hotnaenwth ten and ftront. GeorresstreefN.ERichmolvnd Noumy. Uettoa highlyuck spetacbmeOslutnant, whot4 Thasoped it sinc 1846 atn perh and ndor bewo gow cie out oflbo bth wehnds tf teordgina bules osgetly Nmroine . Parly ticularsmayb O e Mar; ad o Mesrs ilmpheysandWalen,6, Old Bra -srvet,i Thet 4 Rihotnd B~A Unc-hoe.Houses and Cotmatages, B 1R. PIG AOTIesoldER buof SALe, atn theroba-tO LVI Lodon onTueday M~ 6:-LtL he rewryw be 1 inn :2 T6 Prn .~a~ Xii,and. o - - I rFul Left nd-ooawifllof &0olumnbiari Priai xtrees and oar Xmfstew, mquare laeeon&1j aIb lack" antdsrraop paved yard with SatewarwenwranWe r-os iweief,egn teller. -two smacinbw Iatbes, two o4rillah.ihdiig exie emcC 52;= =tt1eO retf3 e~nri.Mybe Mart; anid oC )kiespw. Foullrand Hte,1.Blie-tet iy leshl Sat 3nd Grounid Retat, LrSE.FULLER Anid HOR-SEY We. inst-ructed t= e Execuor, o E y liyUCT1O'N at the- X&rt, ona .Wsnreay,ar7. t 1 inthe lts LEASEiOLID ESTATES, and n lmwvedGround lient, including a dwelling-house, No. 23. York-rtr6et. Stetmey. Iet at £ pe annum, beld on leass, for a term,'! ISaais ae pppeconu- two dwelling-hiouses Nos- 21*d 22. Wood. j3tret,Skpitaidclds let at£5 p%Ter a.nb. held on.leasef for term of 90 year, ea goun ret o £2 pe anum;an inprov ed vround rent of £12 er nnu, aisig frm de cttaes,Angel-alley, .isihopazate. To Mllers - St. Thomas' Mills, StratodEse.-B Messrs. FUIM.R aud HORSEY, at the Hiart, ifrloee-ae nWed. nees *Ma 7at 12 o'clock, THi Lee arid Goodwill of a Stem. Coar. Am, aL ituatoirtMarshGate-lane, Stratford,_on the river bra, about fourniles from3Mark-lane byroad, and -ithin a quarter of an houir by rail capable of grinding 500 saks per week -and in a locality well knTdt om adsnexteosivlecofal trade, also an ems-' d-Jiseryy for country weat. The ill oonsiprseq a store room in rDoof, writh loading apparatus from the nrier, machine floor, recently fitted -writh two silk rachinses. smuttin and boltiugIoachinsis stone itoor, withi ten pair of Frenh stnes eleatos, ad luper. Grundfloor, rontisiniog all theworinggea Ingoo coditon,engne ouse, 16 horse power condeningteas egin, 2 hose owe hih pessresteami engine, two nient connexion. with Mark-ae land ai ae nrnscnb provd an modnnird bythe resethtnn t nepne of St'am Tng forCnas IIXESSRS. FULLER and HORSEY are izistructed ±Lto SELLT by AUTCTION, at the ImPerial Ironworks. Wenbockroad Cit-rod, I oner mre lts, n Mnday Ma19, at 12, without reseve,a ne IRN STAM UG, ittd wihiapair of Souteres paent seiatrxta nieseult Oms oe. and 6tworo anM ew 0-ors power hgh-Tressure tubla holleria by edge. eveoskeriad Cifetyrnd oengh 8ondeet beam1, with II.s deckl To bviewdat ny tmeprvien to he sle bordt- whchn w IsToreet, er citytakr.Bil e E ESSRS. FULLER andI HORE r,isrce bythe TrstestbSY L AUCTION, atthn teiahIo Woerks,nwellc-greed. CnTy-road, ony Mod20 My9 a 1 ios mac lts hine strong sieltewo drilingmacines, 8 ashartingan wriggers,awrought-biron arfu ro n eerc forges,ilanitl,hlv botns mth'toos!a tn oladaio,3 MW . LRIADI MATTHEW are instructed Clerkenweli-green, ~ ~ gwSt . walti.,Xo. AP. MARWV]Q MATTHEWSfollwin dELL, at1 eh dAy, winlts,a o theSTC loifl RoxMOprepred, desigtie dorgentelok semicted, d ongtand east binges, ai larensotmeuntforfbr otbergt in rongherand,cu nails,ho00eoatd grindthanes,tSheffiel HandLance shir toos, 0 doen sade andSovls,three tans cating rmindsas pans £0 egiter tovs, rnge, blck ollo wae. paned raware coppr gods,anda lage ssotmenofgeneal ron onpery.Tieofb videwedbont MdondayM previous, totmedsale,lhe caotge smasyeint onareramcks; n w andoafMewsrs.Pledyr adsIoerse, ijuersee cp,ityo -roaleysofddlseluabwenyFr~eeholdRouses eligibalefoar terocu 1lU .MAR ADTAJXE MATTHEWS will nstucmtedo lYJ UCTIONI at the Mart,Lno, on Thusa,Ma2, TWENTY FRouEtcesof9 Fracis-errWYace or.e and To 20,uWelintFRsRet anD RUIos.U1 o5 CAbD,en-ehaeet omSi.pLonads-reed, mromy carmigsituatin ommndingTl atltmeeho ieeoftenants from He 1jaW aitsnau proiityotnidg the ship-. builing ard, an othr lrge stabish ensParbsanlars ofrap tohe WW thaRstow Bow Tanswot, a nd' halden Surey.vei n stutinA romAthe Poreost SELTHE by will.TSEL, at witPouh Hoteon Thurdy,My, M&hrOda brc and slte2d CatRCforOS, parlts ofe Othe oiers Aor pead, dhesignedrfo genteel sei utachdcttalge rxeeleses, with sueventl groundl fr1e ofoBurotherg compdletely wiae tcomrs othoxers sinvaforard state,andle ranemofinde ninsercse situate at the cerner of Bark-road and Sze-xt. enn'-road candesthe Twontbrick-rbuithsad Houes,inorman-rea, Bti than To. brick and slatedarcyes with horaend, firtwoioher, aces T'e railwayb station MaIdevn,gSurry:th stoe heldtfrhogeers atlow groenuned aents. Partiulacrs atr thelenearst nn WtoThe rcitetires tropetse; ofh t.hP Hudson.e p swer soiito-r,aur Bulerebrye eatpterart;aus and at Mr. Matthews~~ offices, ondgtothe thelaarerht,andoinxgthresCampnmdda utelye opoit ihepnmnn Barracks,ilbandlwdedintaewhuded ycars. oTHer Mnajesglty'sPilion, -13t aoesf veyvaublfreehold La oyodbd gln.cnvenienthlf-acried plots theerctin f ills r the xddeiafrntSgwhell submitoad coet hiatChrN, an wic w onfThrsday May29.u abtrdouts Freehod in hat,indsome plotas,i af Hmetchurming Ditdaiengbr anver short istanc from er Maesld'ePailon,ad doiigeh pr ne ShPakrond coJmmLandigvew SONS theavel ar-envery rond satnractiandsthSELcampAs C f Ias ttheeewlheMach, adisTperas the only available land1I ofbarllke charactery obTainable b the(publi, e smowtabl fori ofces, athre numes rous stafford.cial toneEatedwuithite campwa, and Iwhihoa malcfread become onto the Lneo,ilhbourhooad,. EStath fiendRalldjeicuinwrsyt. -uiteidn.wt suiteloonum-,VaUdigandle rgemises a-ndBuidingran, wtinsthertdwn, tanc ofthuchiogh-romd the Proprietorsa trofesELLnby gUCtIOmn at foerchan, anlots,uteroundedbyILc, It.p BOtIS They Rukery Shops,an Mil,anufonactrig remisebs, l;and seera valuableg Plon Iow uidnga Land. LolflomrsextnieadA valubl ronge ofPro- ne R.Th baOey,ithshps ovn afttings &Ci.Temil wucith mahnRyodrvin two Graiehrohatonest, adThemprremises 2 at;peetI uedgh asoten manufacto forGOO Cheh BnsltIS, &The fittig of thvenbath thegmachinery tadde,etenedingan about the prem,isges Brselonin torpehe vendor willbe inludedi the urchae, Th teainnglois willboacn- Closneto Criaest hr and whichers? wiolc-lbeCoffrledwithotrestrictions aso uldn. Furth,on er particlr, with 7,a 1 n drdi sstions fsesdltographicrplans, maybehobtainedo(14hdaysspriocito thensalem offMessre. STOCK,acdHprishfgd sevtialters-mNew maoany-bilinge ad atrthe Gloe Insurne-s olmier, Coibailml,eLondon;lal of Meth.XIme rbofHere. anrd-Bel,nCexoeenhama art th placeni salead o e ssyrs. Beadel Frehl TEstaesiN th paihes oftr HotLcHeref,ordd ILgurt aenedA Shenfiel Eu eex. known as hothonse,threenmisfomomrdonteEteuriic allwy, ondtwoaile front Itwobn,o h ono,Tluy n anre ofte ihrod,e el anda tendfrapoesonlgnlmno Moecy's,divied fom lt 1 onlykb theroad,th Rwand coSistingo M R WM". THORNTONY6 is intutdto SELL by AUCTION, at the M1art, on Wednesday, thlo 7ib May., at 1. o'clock, a substantially built ITALLAN VILLA, recent]., erected, and mostdcsirablysituaroon anemlnencenearto the new church of St. Jolhn, adjoiningthe Landen and Brighton turnpik-eroad,from whicha it is separated by a bank, ornamentally plantedI with shrubs, screened from toe road by severa fine oak trees, and forming aii exoDdnly comfortable and delightful family residence, occupying a.most enviable situation, commanding extensive and interestingneiws cf a singularly imposing character, finishe throughout in a Superior maimer, and . senting a pleasing elevation, surmounted by a campanile tower. XIbi approached by a carriage sweej% and contains four well proportioned reception rooms, five chambers, and belvidere. The of lces are convrenient and exceedingly well arranged. There isalso acapital garden, in extent approachig haalf an acre, and the whole is well supplied with water. The teaureis leasehold, held for a long term, ata lowys-arly grund rent, Particulars with conditions of Wae, may bs obtained, 14 day prviously toD the sale, at the prinn.ciplinM nte urue neighbourhood,including theBJuncton1WoteI.Redhrl; at the Auction Mart; of Messr. ennett and Paul,solicitors, Sire-lass, :Bucklersbury. London; and at the office of Mr. Win. ThornLton, land agent and sun. veyor. Old Bank. Freigate, Bo, sleaof 'Wight.-Important Sae of Plro t.in four lots.-By ..F ITSat Yelf' Hotel, in Ryde, on ednlesday, the 7th of May, aLt 3 in tire afternoon, by direction of the Assi;nees of Mr. JaLmes Cooper. a bwnkrupt. Lt I,- FPHE excellent Premises, oecdpyizg the most valuaxble, central, and commanding position, in the lapidly Inrain n sho, ituteat hecorsrOf rosteet and George-street, dining, draing an al be roms,with every7requisite, andoocmplet offices, also larg Wareouse containnghre spa iousDorg, undergroounn celar, stbleandcariag hose;two smokee houses. oseal-hoew, and mal ~eren ende th roprlymost perfect and comipact. A, ver exenivefamlyandretl?greoory trade has been fox many year eonduted nthes preises,but t ts ell ituaLte for any knd oflbin. nes. Tllslotis el fo th reainerof a term of .9 yearm at a peunrent Lot. Aroost spciu and subemtatalfStone Buml.ing, magood situation ertepe,a h corner of Georga. and Caste. streets, aDd zowocuidacalcrn and hay stores, having four floors aid an under-gon. ela.Ti s is srbject to the trfling ground rent of 7s., and shl ou leas rcoeweble for ever, without Ine. lot 3. A valuable Prlot of lAnd, situate in Castle-Street, close to the Esplanade, enclosed by high and substantia Mme walls saowedssooa d adootatung froesjgeol 21ft.Sin,bya at te sallgroud rnt f £ lOs pe anum,latemo Portmouh an hye SeamPcke Comany PaticulAr said Cotn- --neganst modern' PermJture China, Glaa, Service of rlate, 400 olOll 01 -Books. Linien, and Effects.. CEHUNOCK, an ASORH SE-LL b A UceCeT,wION, ax th msramkM fr,' ze , aodtery&n Kea,& 3nrO,A2xI-tcetrlFt pftheresdsen deawn WODfcloc, oszd, and cainttbe,pj-iq nee4eweknror s, awl- s f curkns.us,En.I& lodebyStdiar. o nahsts* clacks, Idol,, panlags,m M0Oz tp dining somtesnztue, Ona- aan tablea, chiairsinm,s gdbord dner-wg ex,4 waIadrbe t~~o11, I-ir ataloo-lhad e Of 400 'cla. of~ooka,Pictues. Cave4 ra Sro . expenavws C(HINNOCK adGLWBH ilSL y IU AUCTIONan1PntePrmss sabove nTesa h factured ocueiin adrawn room suite in rosewoDd and roruetn, uteo reen slk -cmran,ga c,abinet, pianoforte, Ini ae,a otycok.wt ee no, jewelled movement, lagccalad lasos win c lrved r ar,&c.- mnahogany extedingdnn als avd ieor,adc3s In morooco; a csl ut fatqercl avdokfiue comprilsing cabinet, bookcae,Riaehncar n rors 0 'rols, of books; well-madefuntrfo meos oo;ncdii wardrobes,cheval glasses exceln bdtasendbernc.ktbe utensils, 10 dozenflne old redfHermnitage, andefct. ayeiwd one daLy prior, and catalogues obtaine on the peie;ado h Auctioneers. 28, Regent-street, Waterloo-place. 2,000 dozen of spledid beewwing PIort gaarcateedal05neuay Sandeman'ls rad and shipphin, vintage 1840, bottled in 1845- lbW prprty of private gentleman,. for absolute Sale. &TIHDMN0CK and GALSIVORTHY are- favoured with Instructions fromthe Prol,rietor to SELL by AUCTION, A% the -Mart, on Monday, May 5, at I greisely. the aboTe extensive And Impoctant CEL,LAR of PORT WI E, nowlying where it was bottled In a vault, in Tweezers-alley.in idlitord-lane Strand, wlhere it mayb InsPected and sampled, and from a-hence it wilMb delivered,Ths wine was pnrchased by the present ovner during the panic of 1848 war5 lmmed aktely bottled, and hau since been Ling'.undisturbed in thevaulk where it wagsladddown, the owner having resid.'A for many year ot the period abroad. The winke is of Tsery fine delica-,e qnality Ln ba denddcdi oodolor sueioSavour, dry, end full of beeg. wxg..:E I' so m oo samplIad thxe bulk guaranteed ft enLual character to that tsed and vrI .be lotted to suitboththo trade and private genUlemeiL essrs. Chiunnock and Gatasrilmy beg Paricuarl todirct heattntin o th puli to this extraordinary and ensne aleat tie wen ineof ucha, charaCctr is onlto be lkuboues, and tmhoueftradesgneallywilandti aeprioa ducing £126 2s. perann. R'EAEwfil SEL'L by ~AUCTION at thre 3fr nWednesday, Ma 7,at12, F0OUR LjEjSEHOL DWYELLING-HOUSES, situate 27os 1 to 4, Wick-read. Hackniey. wicI4 let at;£71 l0s. per annum; and Li Aleashold estate, situate Xoo6 1, 2, and 3, nurthaside of B3urn-street, Henry-street, Limnehouse.deldr. withi acoottage and plot of ground iuthe rear, let to good ten&ntS a £54 12s. per annum. May be viewedl and particularsotindf Mr. John Butter. Jun., aoliciter, Tooley-A,reet - 2t the Mart: and at Mr., reake'sofloes for tho disposal of estates, -it. Toolcy-strect, Southwarlr. Granuge-road, Bermoodaey. and Bemondsey-sre-uubs~l andL3ase-hold Estates producism"-4'1lSper annum. R. PEAXE is favour'i v ith insstruictions to SEML MbyATICTION. at the Mart, on Wednezday, -ay 7, at 12, in lots, a ER£EHFOLD ESTATE, Nos. 119, P2, en 21. 1londser. street, let on lease at £128 pr annum. Also, the substantial brik.- built residence, situate 1o. 8,formerly2,o. 10, Grengg-road, Bermond.- aey, lately in the occupation of hjenry Sterry, REsq., eqjual to freehold, beinz held for upwards of 880 years free of ground rent. Mlay be viewed by permuiseton of the tenants. Plarticulars, wgith coniditions of sale, obtainedof Messrs. Sleeand-ltobinson, solicitors,Pariah-street,Southwark-; at the Mart. and at Mr. JPenke's offices for the disposal Ot estates, 44, Tooley-street, Southwark. Clapham and Pec ia-Freehold and Leasehold Estates. 1J.PE,AXE is directed to SELL bv AUCTION;~ M RLat thelMart, on Wednesday. May 7,at 12, POUR sulatantiai FREEHOLD DWELLING-HOUSES situate I to 4, Courland-groyce. LArdarUmalsE,Claphans,letatrent, prodiucing £l00 per annunm,andTwo Leasehold Houses, 7 and 8, Walangibam-piace, Suminer-street, Cown. mnercial-road, Pecebham. Of the Talus of £C39 Per annumu, and an nimprvedgroundrentof 93 per annum arisingifrom v. WValsinglhanmplae. Ma be viewed by permiscon of the tenants. Particulars obtabined of H.Sturmy, Req., solicitor, Wellingtan-street, London-bridge; of I i Hges, Esq., solicitor, 13, Grehaban-street; of MTr. Wells, Surrerbouse, Cotemoan-street, Camberwoll; and at Mr. real-e's o%ces for thte disposal of estates, 44, Tooley4atreet, Southwark. ToAuglers.--Sbeppro hr dsac rmtE. WaltonSaio. Delightfu Cttage Rsdneand l8kcres of Land. "p.b IPEAXE is favoured with instruct ion to SELLA Iz AUCTION at the Mart, on Wednesday, May 7 at I2,it FREER ia) detaced OOT'PAGI8 RtESIEENEand OkXFOLII LAN, stute n te illge f hesertn,near thelWaltontStation, wTh Bme raepewereon compricas,n d echhuseandataljUnglogt viewed by 'rotag toma theWather.Bd on the premltseof tan Surre CanL-Lad-tax redeemed, -lif; PAXEis directedto SELL by AUCTION, jYiLat art, onWednesday, May 7, At 12. a substantial bnckbuilt FEEHOLD AVERN,kisown as the Britannia, Britaimia. place, Haesm e-on iheeyc"pbility foroonductinga luarg trade; also, AsPlo fFehl adsdom,. the whole oomprdinnx an area of ubmwadso 7,000 superlicia feet an welleuitedto manufac. tuem rewers, andothiers, rqingret etn rpeie,a Immedite poeeasiothereof can bob Iabeviewedup,onappli.- ration to Hnry Sedn,of SD, Charlies-place, Hatcham 2,ew-town, near the propert-, andprtcls obtained at the Rising Sun, Old KenLt-road; of lifesar.D tr Rose, and Norton, 9olir_itoys,3,Pirk. street, Westnminter- at theMat and at Mr. PeakeBs offlcefor tho disposal of Estates, 44, Toole-1 teet outhwark, Capital Fumiture and Effects from several Houses and anAseortment; of beautiful Foreign Cabinetwork of fine workmanship. IESSES. BULLOCK will SELL, at their. gat; ilkRooms, 211. H~h Holbomn. on Saturdaynmext, at 12forl, badsome modlern HOUShEOLD FURNITURE, including walnut~ rose. wood aninlidtblesndcbints,chairs,sofas, audcurtainamaill-, and damask, a piclcolo piano of fnul compass and good tone, carpets glasses chandeller, clocks, and ornaments, several $eta of dining tableS and ebalca libmrsr bookcase and tabls,winged wardrobe m oany Bronco four-hbos, and Arabian bedstead with bedding, aLn the Daserformiture, office fittings, also liorse clothing, andmlscellaneous effects, Maybemvewe,a&ndcataloguesbad to-morrowr. Small C-ellar of 'Wine, remaoved from the Country. 1IrSSkES. BULLOCK wail SELL, at their great .LW E ooms, 211 High Holborn. oxi Saturday next, at A-pae 3, *k smnall CELLZAR of excellent WINI, &c., pale Sherry, Ports, anda brandy. Now lying in their own ocellas To be tasted at the tiLn-c C sale; orrAnmples prior. on payment. A valuable Assemblage of Works of Ancient, Medisival, and Moder' Art, Ornamental China. he,, includn the Collection of the late Rev. W. Webb, D.D., F.L.S., Master of Clam Hall, Cambridge. -MESSRS. S. LiEGIGH SOTHE an OHIN 'WELKISON , auctioneers of literary rcmerty and works illugtrative of the done arts, wil SELL by AUCTION, at their House, 3, Wellington-street. Strand, on Friday. May 2. at 1 precisely, a valuable assemblage oif WORKS of AN CI T. MfediFreal, and MoernART, including thme collection of the late Revr. Willam Webb, D.D., P,LS.. Master of Clare Hall Cambridge; comprisimmg somebeautifui specimensf of ornamental china, Ijmoges enamels of high quality, done -pmlates irt Raffaelle ware, enrichedwith mnetalil lustre rgures and dihanes ine Palissy of fine quality, groops of figuires by Cidion, a. very fine ioy casket of the Renaissance period an imPortant antique finro o i Roman Emperor, In ivory, of the highest rarity, two beautiful large3 obletg in oniyx, andl many other intereting objects of high quality. illoslrative ofart and vertu. Ma&ylheviewed two days lrevious, and catalogues bad. ValuableBIookis; MandOH IEWIEXNSON, Auctioneers of literary irroperty and wotks Mlustrative of the fine Arts, will SELL by ATICION, at their House, 3, Wellington-street, Stcand,j on Saturday, May 3, and three foliowIn.' days (Slunday exceptd, Il precisely a miresellaneons CO jpgM of valuable BOOK and ZA.USCAIhP , in all branches of literature, comprising theology by eminent divinies. maniy curious works b.s and respecting the Society of Friends, blackletter divinity, history vooyages, and travels5, medicine and surgery,.books of prints and draw' ngs, dictionanes and grammars poeuTy and belles iettrcs, he, Map be viewed two day previous to the sale, and catalogues boad if inibeq country on rece-ipt of two stamps. The late Mr. Munnls Collection of Shells, Minerals, Books, ass4 Cabinets. .C.STE'VENS 'wil SELL by AUCTION at lI )sgreat Rom3, 38,Kirg-atreet, Covent-garen, To-morrow,if 3,and folloin day. at iprecisely, the A:S1N1=S~ of valuable SHELLS o2f the, elenryMuno, Faq., Particularlyxrich in the genus conu; aso is ollctin o chiceminral,bhoks on Cionc'hology, ineluingDo ecusacs iatireI7aurdledes Mollosques, Iteere's Monorap ofthe enu -cnus colure), owerby's 0onchiological Manal colure), hre caita maogay selland mineral cabinset he. Mybovewodntheay pior nd mrnins of sae, and cata- JW ~ ~~Ranelagh-houss. ELLbyam. T ijRJ. C. STEVENS wfil SEL b:)CTO, oil IY h Plremises, on Mionda 1y,t preciely1, b order of Sir lrrdk,Roe Dat.,wh isleain olbm,about, ,000 BEDDINGE PLAR8, ncldin geanims,ealeolnaslobelins Terbenas helleotroes,ageatms,ke, 50 srawery pant ipots. 11 large esmellar. ThLod - os' Collection of Orchids. ,T- STE ENSis favoured with instractions wad Tf120pce Binde2,00 Cwpeieme. incldi alltbem osrr n will SE L lay AUCTION, on the 42 niri sret, omes~ow. onMonday May, 5at 11 or 2,1500yelow ndwltePLAKSdeals, and balten700(0 feetwid pin bord,110 quaes ylloandwhite flooring, 6.0001;eel seatlng,dr cu suff dors ad sndy seu tock. May be viewed the atudayprIr, nd ctalgue ha onthe _premises; and of tho This Eveninn, at 0.-Superior Household Furilture, Carpets, Glaseg, Pianofortes, Curtan,, IPeranmbuiatrs, Le,, and General Frnmishing Effects. EssRS. JoNEs and BoNHiA?t wMl SELL by AUCTION, at their It Rooms, n and 12,. Leiceser-street THIS EVENING at 6 t.Ot mmont superior HOUSEHOLD FURt. NOITUItE anid EN'9ECTd; comrprising mahogany, Arabian, fouir-post, andion edsead, lrgetapstr, Bussls,and. other carpets, ch&,rs. curtamines, lao,cr,an dd-iningt tabes,emrhe.-Utdr washcuitads= drsTwoHoabea ofelegtmode, uernuiortclean hdsnumeroux.gutogether wihalteIeea,~ -Cornamental requisicuin fn-tnd 1otaes oft,agemn so.Toe-mo1rrow,ratsthe carpetsou, a collection of pictre, jetwom frndomte continent richute,eem hna n iris se mcs. basac aboved, g l frames, Atrc,O w iet , and1cat \ 1 q lZ}]>begs to lnnou ce he will SELL byAUC. TION, ai the Wareroom, ti9, Qeen-street, two doors from Tew Cazunon-street,edt here the pO,eri a been removed, To-iorrew. Way2, at 12, te aU I C'OTS: includingtwo ekegauj drawingroom suites in walnut and rosewood, with tables and comnodu made to matc, chimey-glauss, Tiehselvet-pile crpts, platedartidle, proof prints, numerour. elegancies,baodome Spanish mahogany dining room, prlour, and brary funiture,induding twonoble aetsof dining tabler, handsome carrcd pedesl endsoed sideboa twosets of eharsl audloungee covered in morooco and hblrcloth, pedestal writing table. Brmels carpets, copper coa sctUe, e, noble upuishmahobay four. .ostd Arablan bedsteads, ftted with damask hangr, clen go esther beds toilet and winged wardrobes, eneC of rwers, an m. hogntrtanas and fJttn, bedet, bedstepe, c., the kitchen requisites, ad numeros valuable effects May be viewed the morning of sale, and citalogues bad at the place of me, 69, Queen-etreet, Nena Cannon-street; and of the auctioner, Fenton-plawe. On Views-Eegent Gallery, 71, Quadrant, Collection ofanent and modern Picture MBR. NGARCIA will SELL !7 AUCTIO1N as above, M -0 morro 1 3 i,2 andlo3wing dRy. a'I p1, found-nw in Venice, Canletti: Hy Family, A del 8arto af work, J. I .r T urner - Dian anNynob, T. Giordaso; * t'ghunt, Hackaert and Vanderve!de; anbd othcw bythe folio inrmatcr--.- Wonvermans J. R oorano Q a Pether', Cop s, t :obbm GrenAe On visew, and_ egIep brembrandt ' ' Ac. Vandles, andaoe s TeWt" aS &e gr, 71, tbd>a gentteet; -No. SO), Eit. lPunIs chnrhyrd.-A tXeUotion °fcag4tltg man modern Pi S oE the vsons 8C nis,J -a BEIRNS wrill SEL:L bY AUJCTION, as above,, Xt~To-mrscowr (rid).Ma 2, and.follow,dav,allpmecie]y5 I n asemch fE PICTluR8; inclol The iselden's OSerlsg, Tlbo;aL;*s.odape, Both; The HO''Em y, C .Dolci* a3atg Anrws Poaen Wouverman Greuee Vandendale 1- Termlebes Morland Beshent (wade :Snb ' 8 OnView. atalou asaboe, 2 . Money advanced on veryd seription ot prOprtiorp uitve and insediate sale.
