DEATHS. On the 24th last., at Suttoni-park Farm, the residence of her,nce Sarah Ann Beale, aged 16yearms only child of the late Thos. Beale Emq., of the Borough, and Yood Knowle, Barwash. Sussex. On the 24th inst.. at Spring Cotta2e, Albert-road, Peckhan, Sarah, the belovedI wife of Sir. George Tickeil, aged 65. On the 24th jest., at St. Helieess Jersey, aftera short illness, deeply regretted by his family and. frienLds. William lKnight, E'sq., late of Reading, Derks, in the 57th year of his age. On the 25th inst, at Cossinvton Bridgwater Amelia Charlotte Lennard, the youngest and hetoove clild of ZdNvard Barrett Lennard, Esq., Swan RiTer, Western Australia. On the 25th inst., at Leddington Vicarage, Lincolnshire, Louisa, the infant daughter of the Rev. Thomas H. Lister. On Saunlay, the 25th inst., at Teignnuouth, Captain Thomas Sargent idttle, late 10th Itussars, aged 37. On the 25th inst.. M3ary, only daughter of the late HI Brougham, Esq., or Broughans, Weatmaorland. On the 25th inst., at Crnfield. Beds, John Bunney. Esq., aged 27. On the 26th inst., at Ssaizon Dieu House, Dover, William Kingaford, Esq- Ont the 26th inst., hin Guildrord-street. Russell-square, Christina, eldest s ngrvivin daughter of the late Alexander WVilliam Grant, Esq. On Mionday. tho 26th inst.,. at Arthingwvorth, Northampton, the infsant son of the Hon. C. HL Cust. On the 24th inst., at her residence, Glocester-pIare, Tuls-e-hiill, deeply regretted, aMSsEuibeth Thomas, iLnthe 6th yearof her age. On the 24th inst., at the Fier Mansion, Brighten, MEary, widow of Charles Elgar, in her76th year. On the 26th inst., at Croydon, after a few days' illness, in hils 19th year, William Smith, fourth surviving son of the late Ws. IV. Kinder-sley, Esq., of the Madras Civil Service. On the 26th in5t., at Clifton. Elirseth, the beloved. wife of Johnl enry Shiore, Esq., of Whatley Combe, Somersetshire, aId youngest daughter of thL late Richard P'ack, F-q., of Flore House. 7Northamptonshire. On the 27i th is., at Kensington, David Spence, Esq., formerlyo' Arlington-street, Piccadlly. agedL 77, On the 27ith last., in therFsrk-.road, Hlolloway, Srr. Richard John Bury, aged 53, eldest son oi the late Richard Samuel DryB,aryEq, of BUonnoor, Heels. On tle 2soth inst.. at Gloce-ster-place, Hyde-park, Arthur Francis, the youngest son ofMEwardJenkins, Esq., Begal Civil Service, aged. eight months. On thLe 27th inst., at 37o. 3, Broad Sanctuary, Westminster. Wllham 'Webbo, Faq., aesistant-secretaryof the Clerey-Untual AzsuranceSociety. The members of this society will unite with the directors in bearing testimony to the valuable character of Mir. Webb's official sorvices during a term of upwards of 26 years. On thte 2Cth iast., at ENd. 5. Bloomfield-road, siidahil1, An, the wife of Colonel yiter. R,oyal Artillery. At Hampton Vicarage. of infantine fever, ac-ed a year and a day'i Edward Henry Sibbald, the only sonL ot Edward Solhastone, vicar of Hampton,
THE A2SESSMENT OF RENT-CHARGE. TO TEHE EDITOR OF THE TfTItS. Sir,-In continuation of my first letter on rent-csarse assessment, I would, through the mndium of your vallile paper, zespectfullylaybefore the Parliamentary Committee to which Dr. P'hillimore's 1bi11 was referred the follovwing suggestions, on which a measure may be founded, relieving the tithe owner of the burdens of whichle justlycomplains, without giving other ratepayers any just ground of complaint. The Commutation Act settled the amount of rent-charge, which now represents the tithe or tenth of the "produce," while, infact, itis neitherthe "thirtieth" ofthe "produce," nor always the tenth of the value of the land, even. as to the one (nominal) rent paid to the landlord. But, granting that it is the tenth of the value of the estimated rent paid to the landlord, the clergy ought not, under any circumstances, even on the ad,ission of the rent-charge representing the tenth of the value, to pay more than the tenth of the rates. To meet the many difficulties which have appeared heretofore to surround the question I would suggest that in future the rent-charge be rated at its full value, witla such deductions and allowances only as may arise from the causes and conditions hereinafter stated. I would propose. further that all land paying tithe be rated at nine-tenths in full, not of the whose rate (for reasons which will appear), but n proportion to the tithe paid by each landholder. This will insure the tithe-owner's not being rated at more than one-tenth of the whole amount of the rate, supposing. for the moment, that'his tenth and the nine-tenths accruing from the landholders will make up the whole amiount oe rate. Practicallv, however, in most parishes lie would obtain greater relief without injustice to the other ratepayers, 21thoughto make the measure just and equal to all, other elements must now be considered :-I, pasture land,. although more valuable in most cases than tillage land, pays less tithe in proportion to its value; here, then, comes in a different principle of valuation, and one the amount of which must be added to the rateable value of the parish, and this addition will relieve both the titheowner and the tillage farmer as to the amount actually paid bythem in rates; 2, houses, mines, manufactories, railways. quarries, &c., would all have to be valued and assessed, and onthe same principles rated at their full value, and each, pro tansto,wvould relievehoth the land and tithe ownerfrom a. certain pro>portion of the whole amount of rate levied in the arish; S, mn a larg,e number of parishes another portion of Jand would have to be valued for rates-i. c., such lands as. do not pay tithe, being tithe free, paying in lieu thereof x certain asodus. By all property throughout the country being rated at its full value there would not he the same liability to the various percentage deductions which at present exist in different and neighbouring parishes, and which arise from the desire of the several parrsh officers to keep, their valuation " down," as they call it, for fear of being rated too high for county, sanitary, and police rates. In the " worling" of any assessment act it mnust be evident that it matters not how lhighly "property" is valued so long as it is " equally" valued. I append a schedule, to show more distinctly how a rater would stand, taldng a rent-charge of 1001. value at its full value:- Rector, for rent-cbarge .. .. .. .. .. £100 Landholders apportioned according to tithe 900 Landholders for pasture, in addition-say 100 Houses taken at different valuations 150 Mines, mnanufactories, railways, ac. . 10 While differing from Dr. Phillimore asto the several deductions to be made to the clerical titheowner, from the fact that I do not see how some of them could be carried out without litigation, I wonld suggest certain deductions on the full value of the rent-charge; and, first, I would proposo thatthe full value bethe sum actuallyreceived duringthe last. year, before the ratewvas made, theaverages (if any),andcost of collection being deducted. 2. As to curates, I would allow no deduction to non-resident incumbents except pernanently absent on the ground of ill health; neither would I allow any deduction on account of a curate for a second living, but some deduction ought to be allowed where the net value of the living is under 500L., the amount of population requiring a second clergman, and where the said clergyman is licensed by the bishop and the amount of his. stipendis bon6 fidepaid. 3. As to money borrowed for building parsonage-houses, I would allow no deduction formaltng additions or alterations to a good (so certified by a competent architect) house already existing, neither would I allow deductions for repairs of a parsonage-house 'where the amount of the living w above 400L net; but some deduction ought to be aowed. 'where a clergyman recently psresented to a hving without a house is required hy the bishop to build, and where the value of the livig does not exceed 5001. net. In all these casesa certificate underthe hand of the bishop or lris secretary should be required before the allowanc bc made. One point more and Iam done, Iconsider that every lay rector ought to he allowed deduction on the amount actually paid for the sastentation of the chancel of any church and alsofor such stipend, or portion of stipend, as he may pay to any curate as assistant to the vicar or perpetual curate of the parish of wvhich he is lay rector I- - am, Sir, your obedient servant. H D. d4y Zt
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIVES. Sir,-Will yon have the goodness to insert invourvaluablc7 paper the followving complaints of the subalterns of that. portion of ier Majesty's service called the British German Legion? Itake the liberty of asking this favour, knowing that yonr powerful columns have ever been ready to advo. cate the claims of the ~veak. Our case is simplythis,-that our disbandment is ever hanging over our heads, and, owing to some of our appointmnents bearing a recent date, the heavy expenses of our eqiiipment have scarcely time to be settled. Our position this month is as follows, viz:- I receive for the month of June.7 17 G The charges against me- Two months' field allowance, to be reftunded in obedience to an order from'he Hor Guards, dated ;C s£ d. the 15th of May .3 1 0 Subscriptionto band.. . 5 3 3tamp duty on commission (whlch we may never get. 110 0 416 3 flalnee to defrsty the followng eseases .. 3 To messdiner th wie or beer, 30 das . 3 D 0 To breakfsat, ditto . 130 o Servant's Wages.0 el . -~~~~ .41l6 (f Debt.. 1. It This compels us to fast from 10 o'clock a-ls, till 7 p.m., and leaves us in debt, with no funds to pay for repairing clothes, or washing, &c. The above are nothing but the plain facts of the position subalterns in the British German LIegion hold who havenothing for a fortune but their swords. Verv trulv vrn-- X. T.F1.TOX RAT.TR'R.T - Camp, Shomciffe, May 27.
GBOTE'S HISTORY OF GREBCp,.-Vol. XII. (Continued from T Time0 of &14y 17.) Never did " thought" so " wed fact" as in the splendid career of Alexander, and never were human aspirations so signally dashed as by his death. The Asiatic hosts had recoiled before him like the ghosts in Hades before the flashing arms of .LEneas who broke in upon their rest. But it was in Greece that both his victories and death must have produced the greatest impression. He had carried his arms into all those countries that had dazzled the Greek imagination-Persia, the type of earthly magnificence; Egypt and India the mythical sources of religion andj hclosophy If we conceive the effect of thesuccessivedespatches, couched in thestyle of Wapoleon'sbulletins, recording exploits such as a heathen would ornly attribute to a god on earth, but -folloed by the intelligence that Alexander had ickened.and died lik-e other men, we can understand the niLxture of consternation and incredulity -with which this news was received. Mr. Grote justly treats the assumption of divine parentage as a conviction entertained in sober earnest by Alexander himself and his admirers. 'Cristianity has radically chainged the ideal of superhuman greatness. It was not their freedom from, but their participation in, mortal passions that -elevated the Olympian gods above the brute forces ,of primeval theogony. Power, guided by an inexorable will-not goodness, but the absence of all -weakness-seemed to Greeks the character " likest God's." The armiy w hich was so indifferent to justice as to acquiesce in the assassination of Parmenio, uncondemned, and to vote that the death of Eleitus was deserved, hardly felt the want of the " quality of mercy" in the object of their adoration. Even Dr. Thirhvall calls the murder of Amyntas and others on his accession "acts of justice." Philotas and the other Macedonian victims of his terrible ferocity were unpopular wsith the troops; the barbarous treatment of Bessus and the brave Syrians was agreeable to the regular practice of a Roman triumph, and not much worse than the punishment prepared by the most chivalrous Prince in Christendom for the defenders of Calais. Divine honours becameinthelastdaysofRometheexpressioli of political servility. In Alexander's soldiers there 'was a stronger motive than this-a consciousness that the formidable being, whose wrath was death lwhether to friends or enemies, was indispensable to their existence. The idea, no doubt, was of gradual growth. Rlepeatedly woumded, and sharing the hardships which destroyed a great part of his army south of the Oxus and in Beloochistan, he seemed to possess a c eharmed life. After his hairbreadth adventure among the Mialii, he was hailed by the Phalanx with superstitious devotion as the one General to wlhom they could implicitly trust their lives; the wiser must have seen that his was the one mind that could sustain the magnificent fabric created by his genius. No mortal, none even of the gods, wvas related to have performed such prodigies. He had surmounted snowy ridges attempted in vain by Hercules; he had penetrated beyond the fabulous Hydaspesintoregions unconquered by Dionysus ;he had been expresslyrecognised as the son of Zeusby the oracle at Amnimon. The grand old idea of a Divine iNemesis against the greatest of the sons of men who "give not God the glory" was well-nigh extinct; it was now only philosophers lik-e Kallisthenes who couIld discern "that the distinction between gods and men was one which could not be confounded without impiety and wrong." Desperate and Titanic enterprises demand a faith beyond mere animal courage, anad the spirit of the " God-fearing" soldiers of Cromwell istravestied in various ways by the pure fatalism of the MIussulman, the halffatalist half-personal confidence inspired by Napoleon, or the purely personal apotheosis of Alexander. It is a Christian, and not a heathen idea, it is the task of posterity, and not of contemporaries, to brfng the hero to the bar of conscience, and to disallow the most iilustrious achievements where they are not directed to an end morally justifiable. The benefit of mankind, scruples, right motives-these are terms of Christian ethics, with little influence on the practice even of Christian conquerors. Egotism-the intense and all-absorbing desire to fulfil the promptings of a dominant will-has been the principle of most of those designs that have convLdsed the world for good or evil. In Alexander extreme xiolence of characterwith "exorbitant selfestimation" had ripened into an inique and solitary ambition, to which his matchless conquests did but add fuel, and vwhich no flattery could satisfy. To crush Persia-to be master of the world-became to him no longer motives, but the law and condition of his being. Guizot warns us that there is such an epoclt in the life of the greatest conquerors, and, though Dr. Thirlwall will not admit that Alexander's head was ever turned, the reasonable interpretation of facts is here on the side of Niehuhr and ilr. Grote. He was hard-hearted, as 'illiam the Conqueror was hard-hearted, becauise he was supremely selfish,-selfish with the selfishness of a god-like isolation. His general benevolence wvas no more than the Greek " philanthropy," the outward courtesy with which he received the Athenian ambassadors after the destruction of Thebes; but his emotions of friendship, so inconstant towards the great Aristotle, assumed an uncontrollable intensity towards Hlepliestion, a lindred spirit, and withal " phil-Alexander." If we ask what is the secret and measure of Alexander's fame, MIr. Grote answers that he " overawes the imagination, more than any other personage of antiquity, by the mnatchless developqnient of allthat constitutes effective force as an ildividual warrior ;"-here contrasted with the personal cowardice of Darius;-" and as organizer and leader of armed masses; not merely the blinid impetuosity ascribed by Homer to Ares, but also the intelligent, methodized, and all-subduing conmpressionr which he personifies in Atlsn&. Bult all his geat qualities were fit for use only against enemies, m which category indeed were numbered all mankind, know.n and unklnown, except those who chose to submit to him." WVhether Alexander, essentially a man of one idea, would have devoted himuself, had his life been prolorged, to consolidating and improving the numerous races whose representatives thronged the streets of the majestic city in which he died, or would have marched on till nothing remained to conquer, none can really decide. MIr. Grote takes the latter view. "Exalted to this prodigious grandeur, Alexander was at the time of his death little more than 32 years old-the age at which a citizen of Athens was growing into important commands; ten years less than the age for a consul at R ome ; two years younger than the age at which Timour fist acquired the Crown and began his foreign conquests. His extraordinary bodily powers were unabated; he had acquired a large stock of military experience; and, what was still more important, his appetite forfurther conquests was as voracious, and his readiness to purchase it at the largest cost of toil or daniger as complete as it had been vwhen he first crossed the Hellespont. Great as his past career had been, his future achievements, w%ith such increased means and experience, were likely to be yet greater. His ambition would have been satisfied with nothing less than the conquest of the whole habitable world as then kioewn; and, if his life had been prolon-ed, he woulid robably have accomplished it. :Nowhere (so far as our knowl'dge reaches) did there reside any military Power capable of maling head against him norwere his soldiers, -wvhen he commanded them, daunted or baff.ed by any extremity of cold, heat or fatigue. The patriotic feelings of Livy dispose him to maintain that Alexander, had he invaded Italy and assailed Romans or liamnites, would have failed and perished like his relative, Alexa nder of Epirus ,' -a sentimnent wluich originated with the Epirotie Prince himself, who complained that lie, in his expeditions into Italy, had fallen upon the men's apartments, while his nephew, in invading Asia, had fallen upon the chamber of the women. " But," continues Mr. Grote,- *This conclusion cannot be accepted. * * I do not think that even the Ronanus could have resisted Alex-ander the Great, though it is certain that he never, through. out all his lon g marches, encountered such enemies as they, nor even sac'h as Samnites and Lucanians-combining courage, patriotism, discipline, with effective arms both for defence and for close combat.T WVith the concludin- remarks of Mr Grote we substantially agree. We do not believe that Alexander deliberately intended to infiuse an Hellenic spirit into Asia; for where could an Hellenic spirit be kept alive except in smaJl republics ?-any more than that his schemes of universal conquest were suggested by scientific curiosity. On the other hand, it is too much to argue from his change of dress and system of administration " that he desired nothing better than to take tp the traditions of the Persian empire. of If he did not follow the advice of a preceptor, ofencyclopndic catholicity in speculation, hut Hellenic to bigotrym sympathies, we need not supposethat " his preferences tnned more and more in favour of the servile Asiatic sentiment and customs." Nor can we found any conclusion on the fact that he did not earn the admiration which Gibbon lavishes on Jenghis as a legislator, or that he did resemble Charlemagne in the encouragement which he extended to men of letters. That Alexander's conduct and ideas were due to no preconcerted scheme, but self-developed, and therefore progressive, we know; what they would have become we cannot say. After all, it was before he had passed the ordinary limits of political minority that the grave closed over this finished hero, whose whole character, no less than his actions, was hopelessly unjustifiable according, to our present standard, but 'who is the perfect ideal of antique and classical greatness. Mlr. Grote does not follow out the separate histories of the great fragments of Alexander's empire, and dismisses in two chapters what occupies a great part of Dr. Thirlwall's last two volumes. We think he is right. Though much of Indian history for the last two centuries belongs equally to the annals of England, yet the historian of England is distinct from the historian of British India. But, whereas India is a dependency governed by a merchant company in Leadenhall-street, Egypt, Syria, and Asia Mlinor were from the first independent kingdoms, disconnected as well from the Macedonian monarchy as from the Greek republics. To do justice to the enlightened despotism of these Graeco-Oriental dynasties, we must consider the peculiarity of their foundation. The dismemberment of empires among different branches of a royal family and among powerful satraps or emirs is frequent enough, and the acknowledged tendency of an ill-assorted aggregate of various races to break up and reunite itself into smaller units partly justifies the contempt with which Niebuhr treats Alexander's schemes. But the truth is that, after the partition made at Triparadisus, the fate of the empire was abandoned to a mere scramble, to the result of which nothing contributed but the personal abilities and mutual self-interest of the conilicting generals. Meanwhile, every member of the royal family had been e.xterminated ; Kynane, Eurydike, and Philip Aridceus, by the bloodthirsty Olympias; Olympias herself, and soon afterwards Roxana and her son Alexander, by Kassander; the young prince Herakl;es (son of Alexanderby Barsine) by Polysperchon, and Kicopatra (sister of Alexander) by Antigonus. It was one of those epochs wvhen the check-s of aulthority and public opinion are for a w hile suspended, and the bad passions of men break forth into shameless extravagance. The exuberant development of military talent cannot redeem the death of all those lofty ideas and political virtues that almost sanctify, in the eyes of some, the perfidy and cruelties of earlier Grecian history. Etunenes might rival Alexander in the skill of his manceuvres; Diemetrius Poliorlketes carried to perfection the use of military engines, first organized by Philip ; Kraterus applied in A tolia the experience of mountain-warfare acquired in the Paropamisus; Seleukus braved on the Ganges those mighty armies of Northern India the report of which had dismayed the troops of Alexander; but Ptolemy alone has won from his contemporaries the praise of an ambition unsullied by deeds of blood, and from posterity that of a wise and beneficent administration. The historian of Greece may well turn with distaste from a period the events of which are military, not civil, the acts of princes, not of nations. .Ir. Grote is led by his desire to give artistic completeness to his work-a merit which ought in fairness to be set against the want of art in his style-to devote a chapter to the " outlying Hellenic cities ;" in other words, to the affairs of Marseilles and its colonies, Heraclea in Pontus, and Bosporus (near Kertch.) The former has more than a commercial interest as an ancient republic which manifested a Venetian sagacity both in its home and foreign policy. The two latter were despotically governed, the one till B.C. 281, the other till it became part of the Roman empire; but except as outposts of civilization they fail to excite the sympathy of a modern reader. Greece, as we conceive it, does not include all the semi-barbarous particles of Hellenism scattered over the face of the earth. To explore tnese is the task of the antiquarian rather than of the philosopher; they have, properly speaking, no history, and did but prepare the way for a more enduring empire. Hellenic life enters a new phase after the death of Alexander. It is no longer Greek communities, but individual Greeks; no longer Greece proper, but colonies planted by Mlacedonian Kings, beginning with Philip, in Europe, Asia and Africa; no longer Greek institLtions, but the Greek language, character, and manners that perpetuLate the sacred fire of Greek civilization. This, however, while it cuts short the thread of history, is no snbject for lamentation, being part of an economy too universal to be impugned. It may be truLe, that " the Greeks of Antioch or Alexandria, or Seleukeia, were not like citizens of Athens or Thebes, nor even like men of Tarentum or Ephesus." No doubt, the `' hellenized Asiatic" would have been considered "by Sophocles, by Thucydides, by Socrates," " as a foreigner with Grecian speech, exterior varnish, and superficial manifestations." And so, the American backwoodsman might be regarded by our more delicate nerves as a lawless and unscrupulous ruffian. But as the latter may possibly be the best representative of Anglo-Saxon energy in a new continent, the former may have transfused no mean amount of Hellenic cultivation into those savage regions which the piure Greeks of the 5th century B.C. could never have penetrated. MKodern research, aided by an unusual abundance of coins, has proved that it was possible for a Grecian principality, insulated among the moiuntains of Ba]kh and Bokhara, and soon detached from the Babylonian kingdom, not only to retain the characteristic features of Greek nationality, but to colour perceptibly the I philosophical system of India on which it bordered. Mr. Grote characterizes the administration of the Grieco-Asiatic kings as "not Hellenic, but completely despotic." Nevertheless, not to dwell on the Greek constitutions of particular towns, as Alexandria and Plotemais in Upper Egypt, the spirit of Hellenism was so firnly established in the East as to resist the assimilating power of the Roman empire, and to survive, long after the Legions had melted away, the contagion of Mahommedanism. Meantime, the Western colonies of Greece, which had often outstripped the mother country in the race of philosophy, carried to an extravagant pitch the anomalies whichnowbeset herpolicy. The constitution established by Timoleon at Syracuse was superseded by an oligarchy like those created by Antipater in Central Greece. This was again overturned, and, in the long struggles between the exiles and the dominant party, Agathocles, a dashing soldier of fortune and a profligate politician, found means to compass his own ends. "H He was of the stamp of Gelon and the Elder Dionysius," * i and in " the acquisition as well as the maintenance of power displayed an extent of energy, perseverance, and military resource, not surpassed by any one even of the generals formed in Alexanders school." He had just that mixture of cunning and daring sluitable to one who would gamble desperately for a throne. He cannot be referred to any of those classes of despots described by MIr. Grote in an earlier volume. To the political character of Ludovico Sforza| and a temperament like Caesar Borgia he added theI merciless determination of Alexander, and the reckless audacity of a Scandinavian viking. " Agathokles is a man of force a=nd fr.aud, consulmmate in the use of both. His whole life is a series of successful ad- ventures and strokes of bold ingenuity to extricate himself from difliculties." Division of interests has ever been the bane of Sicily; it was deplored by Hermocrates when the Athenian fleet was off the coast; it was deplored by Falcandus when Henry VII. wsith a German army was descending from the Alps. To this discord, over which he gloated like a desperado in a plague-stricken city, Agathokles owed the success of the coups d'etat by which he ciushedSicilian liberty; the knowledge of likedisaffection in Africa inspired the -uses de guerre by which he nearly made himself master of Carthage. That he died, in the plenitude of power, a victim to private and not to public hatred, is to be attributed to the want of that rare heroism which rushes on a contest in which the foremost is sure to fall. That he failed in his more brilliant projects was due to the unsteadiness of purpose that, happily for mankind, is characteristic of unprincipled adventurers. We do not propose to follow MIr. Grote through the weary record of Grecian dishonour. The whole interest of his 95th and 96th chapters is concentrated on Demosthenes and Phokion, the great men who overshadow the ruins of a great people, now bandied to and fro between Macedonian generals. Phokion, says Platarch, told the Athenians that they must either have power themselves or submit to him who had it. It was the curse of the times that honour and prudence could not be made to consist. The party of the movement is in our days the party of libertr; then it was the advocate of suibmission. When we read of the idolatrous worship of DRemetrius Poliorr ketes, we are inclined, with Phokion, to accept the humiliation of Athens as inevitable. When we thiiik of the inherent might of a good cause, we side with Demosthenes. A modem statesman might have retired into rural seclusion and devoted himself to enlightening or satirizing his age. So did Cicero. A citizen of Athens was forbidden to stand aloof in a sedition, and Demosthenes grappled with. the antagonist whom Phokion caressed. Both were patriots-each in his way was a political martyr. But Demosthenes wins our hearts, not only as a contributor to- the common treasury of noble sentiments, but as the champion of those pure though limited interests out of which general wellbeing is compounded. Mlr. Grote pauses on the brink of the "gulf of Grecian nullity" which separates classical Greeca from what Mr. Grote styles with unfeigned contempt " the Greece of Polybius." He has added a solid work to Euglish iliterature, a work which executes all that it professes. Ee has enabled the most phlegmatic of nations to realize the life of the most volatile. In short, though an Englishman, he has "written a book." Mr. Grte knows his subject too well to put forward his history as exhaustive and final; but we hope the time is distant when such a writer will cease to have interest for an English gentleman.
BEPOBT OF THE SELECT, COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC PBOSECUTORS. The select committee of the House of Commons reappointed last February to consider the expediency of nominating public prosecutors have just handed in their report. The inquiry divides itself into three heads -1. The state of the law as at present existing in England with regard to the administration of justice in criminal cases, together with the real or alleged abuses imputed thereto; 2, the state of the law in countries where a publio prosecutor does exist, as in Ireland, Scotland, and the United States; and, S, the propositions submitted to the committee for adoption, their merits and defects. Under the first head, the evidence of Lord Brougham goes to show that " nothing can be more ineffectual than the provision which the law and the practice under it now make for the prosecution of offences." A wealthy person often buys off the witness for the prosecution-a misplaced humanity, and often a personal delicacy towards parties, has the effect of preventing prosecutions, and thus defeating justice. The procedure for the purpose of preliminary inquiry is open to grave objections (as both Lords Denman and Brougham agree), and the criminal law, according to Lord Campbell, is often, in England, most shamefUlly perverted to serve privatepurposes, as, for instance, the extortion of money. Cases often break down on trial from having been imper fectly got up, and the absence of an impartial public pro. secutor sometimes causes the attorneys and counsel employed to be over-zealous to obtain the professional " honour" of a conviction. Mr. Waddington, of the Home-office; 3Mr. Ellis, Recorder of Leeds; Mr. Greaves; Mr. Straight, Deputy Clerk of Assize on the Home Circuit; Mr. Mark. land, Mir. Trafford, and others, all adduce serious objections against the evils of the existing system. Felonies are often committed without it being the interest of anyone to prosecute ; policemen assume the functions of public prosecutors (a practice most repre. hensible, and open to the greatest abuses); a low clas; of attorneys, actuated by a thirst for lucre, scramble for the management of prosecutions ; the expenses of prosecutions are much larger than they need be, and frivolous charges are constantly got up owing to the loose system which prevails. Under the second head of inquiry, the committee refer to the working of the system of public prosecutors where it is in operation. The Anerican practice has been fully and lucidly explained by Mr. H. E. Davies, a barrister of the State of New York. According to him, the State is divided into 56 counties, in each of which there is an officer called the "district attorney," whose duty it is to conduct all criminal prosecutions; those officers fulfil the functions both of counsel and attorney; they sometimes attend inquiries before the magistrate; they act as legal advisers to the grand juries, who consult them on questions of law in cases of magnitude; they often allow to be associated with them the' counsel of the party wronged; they are subordinate to the Attorney-General of the State; their salaries are large (the officer for the county of New York receiving 1,0001. a-year), and the appointment is regarded as one of high professional distinction. The district attorneys were appointed from 1821 to 1846 by the local county courts; since 1846 they have been popularly and triennially elected, and are usually re-elected, if "efficient." The Scotch system is described at great length by the learned Lord. Advocate of Scotland. The system proceeds upon the principle that it is the duty of the State to detect crime, and to prosecute and punish offenders, independently of the interest of a private party, the right of such a party to prosecute being, however, reserved. The Lord-Advocate is the head of the criminal department, and under him are four *' Advocates-Depute," who do the proper business of a barrister in criminal cases. There is a Crown Agent, who is the Crown attorney of the Lord-Advocate, and a political officer, hut the Crown office is permanent, and its clerks do not go out with the Government, as the Advocates-Depute and the Crown Agent do. In the country there is a -Procurator-Fiscal for each county and some of the larger burghs, appointed by the slieriffs and town-councils, but directly under the orders of the Lord. Advocate and his deputies. The Procurator-Fiscal, on receiving information of a crime committed, at once takes the initiative, makes inquiry, and applies to the sheriff for the apprehension of the suspected party. The ProcuratorFiscal, if the prisoner be remanded, afterwards takes a "precognition,"i. e., he examinesthe witnesses privately,andsends theirstatements to theCrownAgent. This lastofficer sends the " precognition " to the Advocate-Depute of the district in which the crime has been committed. The Advocate-Depute, hereupon determines whether and what further proceedings shall be taken. The nature of the offence determines the court in which the prisoner shall be tried, as also -whether he shaU be prosecuted by the Advocate-Depute or the Procurator-Fiscal. The Lord-Advocate of Scotland deposes to the successful working of this system, but cannot say how it would do if practised on a larger scale. In Ireland the duty of public prosecutor is intrusted to the Crown solicitors and sessional prosecutors (the latter being generaUy attorneys), under the control of the Attorney-General, who in theory, is the conductor of every prosecution. The general system is approved by Mr. Napier, but he suggests many reforms in detail. The select committee, being unanimously of opinion that the present state of things is "greatly defective" aud "urgently requires amendment," proceed to consider the best plan of reform. The subject divides itself into-1, the preparation of cases for trial; and, Z their conduct in court. As regards the first, the committee recommend that "district agents" shaU be appointed tojprepare and conduct prosecutions up:to the time of trial, the districts to be co-extensive with the jurisdiction of the County Courts, as far as may be. These district agents would be attorneys of seven years' standing, abstaining altogether from private practice, and receiving salaries of 7001. a-year, with 801. foraclerk. Their dutywould be to move for the apprehension of offenders, to collect and prepare the evidence against them, and to instruct counsel. Off course, in a variety of minor offences, the intervention of those agents would he unnecessary in the earlier stages; but in more difficult cases, magistrates ought, it is suggested, to have the power of calling for their assistance. For the guidance of the district agents in cases of great complication, it is suggested that for each circuit an " advising counsel" of 10 years' standing be appointed, to whom the district agents may appeal for advice and directions. As regards the conduct of the prosecution at the time of trial, the committee have found great difficulty in arriving at a conclusion. They take a middle course, recommending that in ordinary cases the district agents be allowed to select the counsel for the prosecution (as common attorneys do at present), but under strict injunctions to choose from a regard to the interests of the public service, and not from private motives. In more difficult cases it is recommended that the " advising counsel" for the circuit be employed ex officio. The ordinary counsel would be paid, as now, by fees, but the "advising counsel" would be remunerated by a salary of 5001. a-year, thev not being debarred, like the district agents, from ordinary private practice. The district agents would be named by the Secretary of State, and the " advising counsel " by the Attorney-General, who mnay not remove these latter without the concurrence of the Secretary of State. Individuals may still institute prosecutions, but the conimittee advise that, to prevent compromises. due notice should be given to the district agents, who would then have authority to intervene, if necessary, and take up the case. In cases wehere the defendant has not been previously taken before a magistrate it is suggested that no indictment may-be preferred without the consent of the Attorney-General, who may intervene at any stage of the proceedings. The expenses of witnesses for the prisoner ought to be allowed, in the opinion of the committee, with proper safeguards, and the said witnesses should be bound over to appear at the trial. If the district agents think the evidence before them unlikely to convict, they may apply to the Attorney-General for leave to forego the prosecution. The committee fmally recommend that one set of fees be drawn up by the Home Secretary of State applicable to ull prosections at assizes and sessions in all counties aud boroughs. CYAL PALAno.-O S=ING DAY, Wednesday, May 28.-Admissions on payment, 3,165; ditto, by season tiokets, 444; total visitors, 5,60Q
VILLEMAIN'S " SOUTEIRS CONTE3- POBAINVY." Thits book avi commend itself to English readers, but it is especially appropriate to insist on its value to Englih writers who may desire to favour us with their personal recollections. We have had many such books of late, in which individuals of our own nation have recorded their experience of men and events, and have had the means of improving the opportunities they enjoyed. But it is little to the credit of their literary powers, and less to that of their philosophical discernment, that we cannot recall a recent example in which the recollections of a lifetime have been used for a definite purpose, or invested with more than an ephemeral interest. We English are great sloven, to say the least, and, as we edit our souvenirs in the roughest of fashions-to use I,fr. Carlyle's simile, as we edit bricks, by tilting the waggon,-we may usefully turn to a foreign model where similar reminiscences are served up to us worthily. ML Vilemain is an accomplished author of the highest literary standing, and he, at all events, has succeeded in presenting us with recollections which are not unbefitting his eminent reputation. In common with the prominent men of his time, he has been familiar -with the actors of a very ample stage. In his youth he was affiliated to the society of the talents to which the great revolutionary era opened an immense career. He has therefore the pre'iminary advantage of possessing reminiscences which the world would not wisely or willingly let die. But this advantage he has, nevertheless, not forgotten to use with consummate literary art and with a tact which is obvious, though it is not on that account less admirable. The resources of his imagination and of his chastened taste, his ripe scholarship and elevated philosophy, have been all put in request to embellish his narrative, and not only to embellish, but to give it a permanent value. le has taxed his aspirations for a commentary on his experience, which he has also compared with that of preceding ages. He has judged it by the test of his constitutional principles, yet with relentings derivedfrom his earlier interest in the democracy of Athens and the empire of the Ciesars. In virtue of his first impressions the person of Napoleon Bonaparte is naturally enough the central figure in M. Villemain's pictures. Around him, and as conceived in their reiations to him, are sketched a variety of characters of more or less importance, some of whom, according as M. Vilemain knew them intimately, he makes secondary subjects of study and criticism. From this point of view he presents us with a clear and delicate delineation of M,. de Narbonne in his capacity of Napoleon's aidede-camp, negotiator, and monitor. A discussion with General Foy on one of the orations of Demosthenes is M. Villemain's text for a dissertatioln on eloquence as an instrument of Parliamentarygovernment and a means of influencing popular assemblies. Through M. de Feletz and certain salons of his time we are familiarized with the literary activities of a constitutional r6gime. And in the history of the Cent Toaurs, recounted with dramatic energy, yet witlh a candour which penetrates to the true source of its embarrassments, we have M. Villemain's attachment to political liberty confirmed and illustrated by the failures of its great antagonist. M. Villemai's reminiscences are thus mainly in the same key, and are employed without monotony to develop the saume theme,-the incompatibility of absolutism with social progress and even with its own security. Of all of them MI. Villemain's narrative are vivid and informing, while to English readers, they will probably be new. Accordingly, we turn at once to his portrait 6f M. de Narbonne. M. Villemain's reasons for his careful delineation of this distinguished personage-cet homnwe irare et cet eocellent homn-c-are given at the close of his narrative. M. de Narbonne, he insists, was one of the most clearsighted witnesses of contemporam-y events, and one of the noblest agents of his busy age. Accordingly of a career so disinterested and elevated the intimate confidences which .L Villemain enjoyed could not fail to involve some of the rarer details and sometimes even the secrets of the history of his time. In the life of M. de Narbonne there was a very singular rapprochlemen;t of historical contrasts. lie had been the Minister of Louis XVI under the Legislative Assembly, and he was the aide-de-camp of Napoleon in 1812. Yet these opposite positions involved no inconsistency, for (rare exception !) his principles remained the same, and as a " patriote bien plus qu' homme de cour" he sought in simple unselfishness to do his duty by his country. M.Villemain's reminiscences do not, of course, extend to the three months' ministry of N;I de Narbonne in 1792, still less to the days when he was the petted potd'Sge' of the Dauphin's sister, and when the Dauphin himself, according to the ceremonial expression, " s'associant a la predilection des Princesses, &c., so plaisait a' rhnstrire." Narbonie received the most orthodox education from his Royal preceptors, and he appears to have improved it subsequentlybyunusual diligence. As he grew up he was, singularly enough, a favourite of the Court without incurring the hostility of the Revolution, and was called upon at an advanced stage of the latter to take the helm of its troubled Government. Narbonne was 36 years old, a ripe age in those days, when during the dominance of the Legislative Assembly,, then some months old, at the close of 1791, he was made Minister of War. Ir.ViMemain, regardingtheconfusion withoutandthe increasing influence of a conspiring minority within, attributes his acceptance of office to his devotion to the Royal family. It was eitheran honour dearly purchased, or a duty painfuly assumed, but his conduct proved equal to his position on either hypothesis. Hiis merits have accordingly. been emphasized by M. Droz, whose own eulogium was not long since pronounced at the French Academy. " Voyez vous? (said he in the presence of the author) pour faire impunement et helueusement une. grande re'volAution, il faudrait des hommes comme cela, dans tousles postes difficiles; et ouentrouver seulemont deux on trois YI" M. de Narbonne was swept away, and no discredit to him, in the deluge which swept away every- thing, and which, until its surges were spent, pro-- bably no human being,, not -even. Napoleon, could have withstood, lie was driven, after the 10th of A:ugust, to take refuge in England, where his arrival was a subordinate triumph to his friends of the Dinigr6.tion, whose ill-omened eff6rts he had steadily discountenanced. There he encountered the jealousies which WaUer, Cowley, and AIontrose had found in an earlier camp of exiled partisans. England was as yet singular in its reluctance, to take hostile measures against the French Revolution. Previous to its rupture with France it imposed, saysM. Villemain, a species of " quarantine" on its political passions. M. do Narbonne was therefore well received, especially by the leading Whigs, although Burke stood aloof in his invincible distrust of all who had cast in their lot with the movement. " At that time," says M. Villemain, "was presented to the world,- " One of the most memorable spectacles of history-that of a great society stimulated by the conztre-covp of a neighbouring revolution deliberating upon the alternative of internal reform or the distraction of a prolonged war. Eventually a people alreadgfree, atfirst encouragedandthen checked by the spectacle of another people violently eafranchised, w as arrested by the pow.er of its laws oa the inclined plane of anarchy, while the good sense of the nationI adjournae te accomplishment of itspolitical desires to preserve intact the liberties it possessed. -The intelligence of M. de Narbonne remained singularly impressed with the incidents and denouement of this social crisis, of which he was in his exile the attentive spectator and frequent monitor." M. de Narbonne obtained even the admiration of Burke by his endeavours to reunite his ancient colleagues, then, like himself, refugees in London, in a common declaration of 'their responsibility for the acts in respect of which the King was inculpated, and in a common offer to present them. selves at the bar of the Convention to defend themselves in place of their Sovereign. Burke designated this offer a " tradition of Stiafford." It was not, however, cordially welcomed by M. de Narbonne's colleagues, one of whom, Bertrand de Molleville, objected to the recogunition, which it implied, of the legality of the Conventional 'tribunaL Thereupon M.-de Narbonne wrote to the Coonvention on his own behalf, demanding the opportunity of presenting himself alone. But the Convention refused his request, as it simultaneously refused a safe conduct to Tally de Tollendal, who proposed to plead the cause of the King in the spirit of the' phrase of Cicero:-"Poiestqs tnodo t'veniendi sit diCenldi pe3iculum no0 reGcuso." 'Narboune, in consequence, drew up a vindicaory' statement for the assistance of the King's coun dllors, Tronchet and Malesherbes, but the K '5ispensed * &utrcnirs0 Conte poins cHistoirs et4 it LWrgvr yar AI. VYi,7Cnain, a' s Didler, 1855 raz.c with it to avoid compromising his faithful minister. Warbonne, nevertheless, prinIted it at Incdon and Paris, addressing it to the members of the Conven.. hion, before whom he was preclulded from offSering it as his owin defence. At the same time he declined to furnish Pitt with infonnation of the mlitary resources of France, and which might be turned to t detriment. Ordered to leave England, says M. Villemain, by an "' aris imperatif," for which we wish he had given us his authority, M. de Narbonne took refuge in Switzerland, where he associated with Louis Philippe, Madame de Stal, &c., discussed the projects of the ;oyalists, or occupied himself as congenially 'with his literary and philosophical studies. At the date of the Peace of Amiens he returned to France, and renewed his intimacy with Talleyrand, of whom aL 'Villemain takes this lenient and possiblv just view, which we prefer to give in his own clear and penetrating phrases:- I "IL de TaLUeyrandc a et severement juge; parfois caomnie, conme tous les hommes d'etat qui out longtemps prosp6r6, sous des temp6ratures et daus des conditions r verses. Les honrmes ne pardonnent pas la continuit6 du succis, surtout quand elle survit a rextr6me mobiWte des circonstances. Cette faveur perp6tuelle de la fortmne, qu'on supporte iusqu'A certain point dans une ancienne et tranquille monarchie, est suspecte et irritante en temps de revolution, et on rexplique alors par de m6chants motifs. Forc6 de reconnaitre }l'abilit6 de 1'esprit, on accuse le caractere; et on suppose que pour avoir r6ussi toujours il faut avoir assez souvent trahi. - Dans Ia r6alitA, M. de Tilleyrand ne trahissait personne, mais il retenait peu ceux qu'il voyait sur le penchant de l'abime; et il onbliait vite ceux qui etaient tomb6s. Incapable de donner un conseil pervers, ennemi de la violence par goAt et par justesse d'esprit, ii no se retirait pas au premier excis de pouvoir. fI blamait doucement, r6sistait avecfinesse, assez pour ne pas rompre, et pour se d6gager un peu. Sans ardeur d'affection, il etait aussi sans rancune; et daus sa longuo carriere s'il a'a pas toujours fait lo bien, il nl's jasusis encourag6 le ni1al rn appny6 l'oppression. Seule3nent, commne II avait uin grand calme d'esprit, ii paraissait quelquoeois d'une r6signathon trop grande sur i0 malheur deoses ainis." e exhibited thisresignationin an unwelcome manner towards M. de Narbonme, who at that time was desirous of civil or military employment. " Narbonne," he said, "is always chevalresque. He hasnothing, he wants nothing, he is in need of nothing. He loves study. His books and his friends are his all in 'all. There is no occasion to trouble about him who troubles so little about himself." This view was not very considerate to Narbonne's requirements. That Talleyrand had, nevertheless, a very high opinion of his capacity for affairs is indicated by a remarkable description in his most characteristic style. Speakiing of Narbonne: "'Il aplus d'esprit quomoi,' disait quelquefoisle Mlinistre duDirectoire devena iinistre du Consulat, 'cent fois plus; mais il est moins sage. On I'accusait d'etre Iger, du tems do 1saenbise Lgislative * cespropos-lA sontunereprtaaife des esprits lourds, an fond, il n'y a d 16ger en lui que sa conversation, qui est charmante. 11 est, du reste, tress6rieux, tro p airioux memne. nl a'attache, il se passionne, il strop do zel. S'il rentrait dans lea affaires ise d6vouerait sans mesure, dans un temps oa on n'es que trop portA6 le faire, et A en abuser. Soyez-en-str, cela ne vaut rien. n1 faut en politique, comne ailleurs,' ajoutait-ilgravement, 'ne pas engager tout son cceur, ne pas trop aimer; cela em1rouille; cela nuit ala clart6 des vues, et n'est pas toujours compte a bien. Cette excessive pr6occupation d'autrui, ce d6vouement, gui s'oublie trop soi-meme, nuit souvent i l'objet aim6, et toujours 3 robjet ammauat, qn'il rend moims meaure, moins adroit, et memne moins pernsuaif.'," Accordingly the keen diplomatist sought Narbosmne's society, attracted himl to his parties, availed himnself of his assistance in entertaining the wsorld, and especially the eminent strangers whom the Peace of Luneville and the Peace of Amiens suecessively brought to Paris, and praised and flattered him everywhere, except in the Cabinet of St. Cloud. The ent7re' there was not facilitated possibly from an impression, which may easily be distinguished from indifference, that Narbonne was qualified to become a dangerous competitor. Narbonne had, in consequence,plentyof leisure to talk over the despatches of BariMon with Fox when the latter cametoParis after thePeace of Amiens, and out of the intimacy thus renewed came naturally enough the commission to undertake a confidential negotiation with Fox, with a view to bring that statesman to a more pacific policy towards France. It was just at the close of Fox's life, and Nar- bonne's mission was frustrated, partly by his decease, 1 partly by the impracticability at that time of turnng England aside from a purpose to which it had now thoroughly surrendered itself. Fouche' was charged by the Emnperor wvith a species of inquisition into thecausesof Narbonne'sfailure,whichresultedin his entire absolution from blame. But itw asnottill 1809 that Narbonne was inhtsted with further employments of a confidential nat-ure at the Court of Vienna, where he succeeded in arousing the Austrian jealousy of Russia, and made his great copl) by suggesting, at a little dinner party at Prince lMetternich's, the marriage of Napoleon and Marie Louise. He even ascertained the views of the Anstrian Emperor upon this delicate subject before giving information of the project, through Fouch6, to Napoleon. Napoleon's gratitude for this diplomatic hit was marked by the proposal to make Narbonne Grand Master of the Establishment of the Empress; but the latter preferring the Comte de. Beauharnais, NEarbonne was named one of the Emperor's aides-decamp. It was a singular favour for a man of fiftyfive, the relic of an ancient Court, but it covered the design of Napoleon to substitute his councils for those of Talleyrand, then out of favour, for his opposition to the appropriation of Spain. In his new capacity Narbonne had many discussions with the Emperor on his policy, and in which he offered advice defmite, faithful, and discreet. Apart from politics he had to sustain against the Emperor -even the pretensions of TOaitus and Algernon Sydney' in conversations, which are given with all their interesting details. Eventually he was invited to intervene in Napoleon's difiiculties with the Pope, on which occasions he was assisted by MI. VTilemain hinmself. His note on this subjectis a very able State paper, showing an extensive knowledge of ecclesiasticaI history and a politic view of the impediments to the designs of Napoleon, which he sedulously combated. Again, he opposed toto animo the invasion of Russia, and his comments on this enterprise are also preserved by M. Villemain to the great credit of M. de Narbonne's honour and ability. *How vain, however, it was -to strive with the projects of the Emperor, even when most irrational, is forcibly put by Narbonne himself:- " ' La resolution'de 1'lmpereur,' disait-il, ' estbien d6cid&mient paise: ele est ardente et profondement meditee. Je i'observais avec douleur; ses raisons sp6cieuses, ses sophismes d'e sp6rances, ses illusions gigantesques sont burines da,s son esprit, et en ressortaient, dans le Cours de 'entretien, comme des axiomes ineffacables. 11 faut tout essayer cependant,' ajouxtaitil; 'c'est notre faute, si nous ne savons pas aclairer l'Empereur; naturellement il aime la v6rit6. Quelque rand que soit son orgaeil, il est patient, attentif et, sauf les ressources in6pnisables et quelquefois les paradoxes d6sesp6rants de sa discussion, c'est an excellent interlocuteur; mais il fandrait savoir pers6vcrer dans tine ferme contradiction - e cola oat diffccie, devant taut de puissance et de g6nie. On fiit -par etre 6branl6 soi-' namcem; on se met les mains sur lea ycux; on donte, et on "se demande sila bogique l'nn tel homme n'est pas Is verit6; et si soni ambition n'eat pas le pressentiI"ent de l'avenir."' At Vilna Napoleon triumphant, but impatient at the retreat of the Emperor Alexander, appealed to him for encouragement, but again the faithful counsellor interposed his waings. They were engaged, said M de Narbonne, in "a contest with: time and space," which could only be prolonged with one issue. At Mloscow, whither he accompanied the Emperor, he was assiduous in strivinag to divethimfrom hisvain expectations and studie'd' frivolities to contemplate the necessity of an imme-, -diate return. is retrospective view of the camni- ties 'which followed on Napoleon's obstinacy ex- tracts a fine expression of indignation from the: constitutional historian:- -i " Cette effroyable perte d'hommes qui fut le dalit de! 1Emperenr des Francis, a pn so reparer par lo temps, et presque s'effacer de Ia m6moire, on: du moins des reproches. du peuple. line terre lointaine a gardi sons ses glaces, et plus tard reconvert do ses moissons. les trois cent mille morts de race FranQaise que nous y avons laisa6s. Lesplacesrestkea vides dans les vilages de France, et dans bien des famnlles desol6es, se sont remplios A la laongue; les generations ont refleuri sons quarante annecs de pail. Sans donte, mcmie, l'exced lecette calamiteaservi, pourlongtempa Aprserverdo la guerre, et a ete pour l'ambition an obtal d'autant plns iuisuant que le dssastre avait et6 plus aifreux. Mais 'lnistosre impartialepeut-eDeo miter l'indulgence oublicusa des peuples, et no doit-elle pas entretenir et renouveler rlnath6me de l'hunmanit6* sur ce doTnnage si cruel fait A l'espdce humaino et A la nation Frsanaise par le chef auquel cette nation vait confi6 aveuglement toutes ses fores et tous ses dreits, et qeelle avait arm6 de toute s puissance sans garder elle-ndmie pour ses enfants dWantro libertd que celle de iaourirn" M. Villemain remembers, in addition to the gerAural mouniing, the sentiment of bitter indignation evoked aginst the Emperor, for the first time, in consequence of the untoward sentence in his inl- letin, "J Jamais la sant6 de 1REmereur nTa ete, meilleure."' To some other words in the 39th bulletin he himself, for the first time, afforda a key in bollowing the story of Narbonne's paZicoipation in the retreat.' The bulletin, having ieflected on the' I * ' Tantam humini generis inutriam vel coact4r non in glrSpos;ueim,'Pliv. ZXatur, -i ,} in librw YR., sec. W. prostration and despair to which some of the btavt had succumbed, nevertheless spoke of those *houi nature had created superior to all, and who " conserverent leur gaiete et leurs 1nani;reipriaire ne virent dans de nouveaux peril:quo l'ocosion d'une gloire nouvelle." These words referred to Izarboune, who, to the admiration of the liarlieut of his comrades, preserved lhis gay oerenity in the extremity of distress, and kept up his .habits of the ancient Court, dressing and powdering is hair at the mnorning's bivouac, amid the interminaNe issihv. This eulogiura was at the time recogn ized Z; a;ut tribute to him by those who witneased Li hig courage under every form of disaster. Another incident of the retreat narrated by-arbonne to M. illemain himif we tranate, mot only as pleaaing, but as givmg a good idea oftlw interlocutoey style of a considerable portion of thaW memoirs:- "At dawn, whiich lahnsermed so longdeferred, or. a plaie of snow covered with- the debris of men and horses, the Emperor, loweriagtlte glass of his carriage, called to Narbonne, and spoke to hii in an enfeebled voice. 'What* might, my dear Geseral ! It haa not been sha r for our selitinelsthanfor3mysel, whohavepassed it inreflection and withoutsleep. See, however, that theyare relieved;and do you come yomuself to the distribution and tale this to revive you, for courae alone is not sufficient to warm a man at a temperature of 2S degrees.' At the same time,, out of a vessel heated with spirits of wine, and which was; placed in his carriage, he po9reil a laie cup of a boiling mixture of coffee an* chocolate. The aide-de-camp. received the Emperor's offering with respect, and,,having passed a few stew to the rear of the carriage,. nearly stumbled over a soldier of the Guard lyin on a2 little heap of crushed snow,-clinching his musket with aX convulsive grasp, and bearng in the cloee contraction of his features a mute expression of extreme suffering. Bendins over him the aide e-cam said, ' Well, my brave, here is v bad night over, but we have day atlast. Levons nous,'. The soldier thus addressed made a strenuous effort, but ap-, peared as if benumbed and recfeed to a state of muscular, immobility. ' Come, we want a little- help,' resumed Nar-, bonne, presenting the man -with the compdund stll hot ;- ' take this, we have more at head-quarters.' The soldier. hesitated, w;ith an air of respectfinl dignity, raised his hand to his bearskin, took the cup, and emptyig it at a draught,, made another stout effort, and risimg by the help of his musket, the butt end of which was stuck fast in the hard snow, by a great exertion stretched himself to his fullheight, and appearedvwhat he was, one of the filest Grenadiers of the Imperial Guard. 'Ah ! my Genera,' said he, "how hunger and cold demoralize men of courage ! Onght - I to have accepted this of you, who are my officer, and who, take it from your own lips for me ? I ask yourpardon, and I am ashamed, on my honour,-now that my stomach is warnonce more.' ' Say no more, my friend; what I have done is a trifle; it is our duty to divide, as brothers, the little that remains to us -'andat the same time Narbonne reflcte that he had no longer in his baggage or his purse the 60,O0Of.K the Emperor had given him on quitting Moscow. He had, distributed the whole to poor officers during the later nor-i tion of their march, in which they were approaching ae hostile country, where vith money at least they couldi find bread and shelter. He accordingly said to the soldier, -who respectfully returned him the golden cup, ' No, no, mvybrave, keep this for the expenses of the road, the outside. belongs to you as well as the inside, and will not be less! useful in m'oland, which we are about to enter.' The soldier,,' retreating a step, and maldng another military salute, an-_ swered, ' As to that, my General, may God preserve me; I i have never taken nor received anything in the world bnit my pay and my rations when there were rations.' And, saying this, he placed the cup on the pillow of crushed snow which he had just quitted. The General nevertheless persisted, earnestly excusing himself for having nothing else to offer to so bravo 3man. Thesoldier thereupon, took up the cup, and bending with his iron fingers a portion of its edge broke off a fragment. 'Since yo reuire it,'said he, ' General, I will retain of this gold cup this lttle Napoleon. This shall be my medal, whicwill remind me of the honour I had of mounting guard on such an occasion behind the carnage of the Emperor and of being relievedby yonu' " 'What men !' added Narbonne, in a low tone, on an. evening of February, 1813, when he was narrating this cir-, cumnstance,- 'what grand and simple souls in bodies: hardened to endulre everything ! How easily, with suchsoldiers, one might be tempted without folly to aspire to the: dominion of Europe l But what inexpressible grief to leave them buried under the snows of Russia! And wiat 'i battle array was then lost to the independence of the WestJ and the honour of France " M. Villemain goes on to depict the uneasy and sar-2 castic temper which prevailed in France itself after Niapoleon's return and the exzertions which Nar-> bonne made in the true interests of the Emperor.' It -vas to him that the latter in the criis of his de-' cadence committed the delicate mission to penetrate: the intentions of Austria, -and most promptly anad ably he fufilled his difficult task. Napoleon at St. Helena, speaking of his performance, saidl * ' Until the embassy of rL de N arbonne to Vienna we had been the dupes of Austria; in less than a fortnight N. do Narbonne had unravelled all; and NL de Metteruich wamuch embarrassed by his nomination. Yet observe the contrariety of fate. The success even of 3d de Narbonne probably nmied mne. His talents, at anl events, proved more injurious than usefuL. Austria, perceiving herself detected, threw off the mask and precipitated her mueasures. Had there been less penetration on our part there would have been more reserve and consequentlymore delay on hers. She would have irolonged her natural indecision, and whileo time ran on 6ther contingencies might have occurred." NTarbonne was, however, the first to reveal indisputably to the Emperor how little dependence could be placed on family connexions. He exhibited to him the ascendancy of anti-Gallican sentiments, the patriotic hopes excited byhis evil fortunes, and the feebleness of artificial ties in oppositionto permanent: antipathies. Eis advicewas that peace withAustriashouldbe purchased bythe returnof the Illyrian provinces, and by the abandonment of a moiety of Italy and of the strong places in the north which were occupied by Napoleon. " France," said he, " can only neutralize Austria Dy giVing her to-day more thani our enemies will promise her to-morrow." Napoleon, on the contrary, allowed Austria to pass with rapidity from a state of active aliance and of military cooperation, first to alliance without co-operation; then to neutrality, then to armed mediation, and briefly and finally to open concert with his enemies. From the lines which he successively abandoned of the Niemen, the Vistula, the Oder, and the Elbe Napoleon reached Mayence, leaving behind hinm a, few garrisons as seamarks of his submnerged empire.! At one of these, Torgau, he left Narbonne in cormmand, but the latter was depressed and ill with the fatigues of the fatal campaign, andlwhentyphus attacked his troops he yielded to its ravages. HE died at the age of 58, happily for himself, as his friends surmised, before he could behold the ruin of his Emperor, or follow him, as the same friends inferred he would have done, to St. Helena. Al. Villemain presorves a sort of prophecy which he uttered, and which subsequent events have completely fulfilled. "ThelRevolution,"saidlhe, "too sanguinary in its violent phase, too shattered and humiliated in its return to reason, has made shipwreck of legal liberty. The repression of its generous hopes, the abuse of force and of war, will destroy the stability of Europe without restoring that liberty, and for a long time to come will leave to the continent the alternative of great insurrections or of great armies." Narbonne appears to have been a sagacious politician as well as an estimable man, and MI. Villemain, with every allowance for his personal predilections, has done a service to the memory of his friend which it is obvious that he merited. (To be continued).
Russu.-A letter from Warsaw of the 23d inst., says -" The Emperor Alexander arrived here last night, about 11 o'clock. At 9 o'clock - courier airived to say that His Majesty was only afew leagpes distant, andimmediate'y all the inhaibitants comnemced illuminating their houses, and in a vesy short time every street through -which the Emperor would pass wasa blaze of light. On His Majest 's arrival in a small travelling carriage, accompanied only by General Count Adler'cerg his aidende-camp, he was greeted. by the assembled multitude 'wheels lined The streets with the, most enthusiastic aeclasaitions. On reaching the palaoot the Emperor was received by General Gortschalofl, surrounded by the civil and military notabilities of tbha kingdom of Poland. Among the her distinaguished persong present were Prince de Lichtenstein, aide-ce-camp of tho EmperorofAustria; Gtneraa Groeben, the Commanderor the Prassian Guard; General Grey, aide-de-Camp to Pxinoe Albert.; Prince Henry de Ligne, the Belgian envoy, &c. 'This morning the Emperor, accompanied by a numerous cortige, went to the Greek cathedral, where divine servico was performed by the archbishop. His Majesty afterarads visited the citadel, and inspected some regiments of infantry which have reeently arri-red in this garrison." A letter from-Berlin in the cotwhotgOnSe7, says :-" The journey of the Empress Dowager of lEussia7 can only be performed with the greatest precaution. Her Majeaty is in such a weik sUto aehat anything like official reception is 'orbidden_ Even at IerlinsLie wiU-not quit her carriage to receive tbse congratuations of the authoritics, but will immediatj., proceed to Potsdam. The Empress Dowager is labouzalgunider a slkw consumption, which has completely sanpeilhe constztution, and set all medicine at defiance. BWer weal-, nesis. so extreme that she is constantly compelled i6 he'e her bed, and her countenance - bears the marks of fep, gag co4stant sufferirg. Dr. Mandt, who attended the12nsUeror lisholas ia his last illness, aud was compela to aeRv& St. Petersbuig in consequence of the hostil5 feeling displayed towards him by the Eussian pbYss,cis6 hka oea% sent for from Frankfort-on-the-Oder. The, Emprcss plivtea the fullest confidence in his 'sIdll, and he -eill therefore tAka part in the consultation, in which Dr. ftonuberg, the Court physician of this place, will preside. It is at this consultatiop that will be decided the mineral haths to 'which ths Empress will go-either7at Wildbad. in the Blaclc Fore4t, or at Schlamgenbad, in the Dichy ofIlZassu." - THE BisHor OF GLoCEaK-e.-VWe regret to state that the Bishop of Glocester and dristol has for some time i put been in an infirm. stAto of health. Prayerg wero offered Iup for his Lordtlrp in the churcbes of *the diocesS op. Sunday last, ai Bn aeyelimprecedfig &uIia7.
L ONDOX, TH UISDAY, A Y 29, 18 6. It is not often in the course of ages that a whole population reduces itself to a crowd of children. For such an occasion in this country people have to go back forty years, and the graybeards of the day thought that a frivolous innovation. We don't now assemble all nations to see chariot and foot races, or wrestling and boxing matches, as the wisest and greatest States of antiquity did; we hold the more gandy class of spectacles as made for children, and it is only for the protection of his children and their cousins that a middle-aged gentleman will go to a show. To-day, however, the whole moveable portion of near three million people resolves itself into the throng of a May feast or a country fair. For once, we have all one object in common. It is to delight our eyes with illuninations and transparencies, and with all those magical contrivances with which gunpowcder makes some little amends for its more apecial work. Yes, at least a million of people will be gathered this evening, not to see a review, or a constitution proclaimed, or a reign inaugurated, or even, as yesterday, a horse-race; but to watch with entranced gaze rockets, "Bengal "fires," Chinese wheels, fiery cascades, " golden "rain," chromatropes, " crimson flame," wheels of every variety, " aerial bouquets," a huncdred rockets at once, " flights of gerbs," mines, transformations, wondrous colours, blazing suns, Peruvian fireffies, kaleidoscopes, golden fuchsias and passion flowers, meteors, true lovers' knots, comet stars, rocket wheels, pieces of unrivalled intricacy, Roman candles, yewtrees, waterfalls, and about twice as much more, each spectacle still more astonishing, and described in the programme with fitting phraseology. How happy we all shall be ! What cankering cares, what foolish recolections, what rain regrets, can possibly invade the mind, when a hundred rockets are soaring over our heads, ani I riunkling a thousand colours in the face of the i.sLy? Then, our streets this day will for once b3 gorgeous. If the gas compainies do their duty, we I slall see a city that the Olympian gods might inhabit and walk to and fro in. The reality, alas! must go out before morn; but till then we can gaze and gaze to our hearts' content, and impress our memory with those long vistas of suns and stars, and laureliwreaths, and "V.R's,"andcrowns, and heraldic devices, and those familiar forms in wlhich tho London artist finds full satisfaction. We shall bask in a lighlt of our own this night. WVe ask the tolerance, not tho favour, of the skies. If they but leave us alone, and send no envions drizzle to spoil our sport, we shall have light enough without them for oIIce. But, from the spectacle to the spectators. This will be a night of trial to our much-abused country in general, and London in particular. Society will bo reduced into its simplest form, for Governnwent, with a stron(g faitlh in tlho native virtues of the Ennglishlman and in just requital of our common merits, has this time no reserved places for a ticket aristocracy. Woe shall be a democracy to-night. Ihave E nglislhimeni, theln, that love of order, that iiiuttual reepect, that deferenice to tho weak, that modesty, that will dispnseo witlh palisades ald constable3 ? Thero will not bo the least excuso for pushing, as at overy one of tho four places where the fireworks are to be oxhibited thero e ill be rooml for theo whole of the spectators, even if the hliole estimated millioni peorversely clhoose to soloct the salme locatlity. If people, however, aro reasonable, andl go to thie park nearest to themthe most obviouts courso, when, witlh one exception, the tireworlis will be the samo at tlho four ldaces,-they wvill have rooml not only to stand and see, but also to move about freely. It is possible, however, that here and there, oving to tho pecuiliarity of the ground or of the approaches, there mlay be a little crowding, so a word of advice. -Never push. It is a national stigm a in the moutlhs of foreigners that an Englishman in a crowd! is sure to push. It only l)acks a crowd closer, and disables it from motioni. WVhen a strong man pushes in a crowd, the pressure he creates. aelds to the misery oI sonme poor woman or child. The openings will be all wide enough for any multitude. Agaill, never run. This is the fault of Englishwomen. Though ready enough to go into a crowd, as soon as it looks large, or dense, or in motion, or at the slightest Wuusual sound, a woman is apt to scream and to run. Of course, she is then apt to fall, and get run over; while half-a-dozen people. standing or walking quietly together, can resist or divert the most violent muovemnents around them. We suspect that our country friendds will be the vorst offenders. They come up witha tlhe idea that a London crowvd consists exclusively of abandoned ruffians, with whonm they mlay wage war withl Tlhows, toes, shoulders, and voices, at discretion. The truth is, a London crowvd is no more a mob of blackguards than a country crowd is. It contains at least the same proportion of tender frames and tender natures. When the provincial stranger is regarding the crowd simply as a herd of savages, whom he may treat with fair play or foul play as he pleases, mi;st probably the greater pa&t of them are quite as much novices in a mob as he is, though perhaps with more humanity of feeling. Indeed, there is no employment or profession whatever that makes one man nmore au home in a mob than another. The situation is a neTw one to everybody in it. That is tne reason why people are so awkward at it, and it is also a reason why every one should do his test. But there will be a good number of foreigners also among us. Would that Englishmen kmew the charges often made by foreigners, in conversation and in writing, on the manners of our nation ! The day vwll be described in many a foreign tongue, and the description will be read by those who know nothing of our race, except through books deeply coloured with prejudice. WVe have our stories of foreigners, and they pay themselves off on us. They describe us as almost incapable of tranqluil, harmless, social enjoyment, which with most of them is the great object of life. They divide our people into sots and puritans; as stupefying ourselves with business, or dozing at home, or quarrelling with our wives and scolding our children, under pretence of domestic comfort; or seeking mad excitement in prize-fighting, horseracing, cock-fighting, or the House of Commons. Cannot we show them to-day, and prove to ourselves too, that we can amuse ourselves with trifles altogether out of doors without quarrelling or disorder ? For this purpose, we must add, something more is necessary than that each man should behave well and keep the peace. There will, of course, in so great a crowd be a few bad subjects. There will, we fear, be a good many who, with ever so great a wish to be inobtrusive and undemonstrative, have not the means of purchasing a supper or a bed. In plain English, there will be some needy pickpockets among us; and some, too, may break windows, and attempt to get up a disturbance, as a trick of trade. Let everybody, therefore, with a good pair of legs and arms, do his best to apprehend the first fellow he sees at this work, and to assist the police in doing so. There is another danger. During the exhibition of the fireworks our houses will, of course, be left comparatively -unguarded. Yet nobody would- deprive a servant of his share in the night's amusements. Cannot masters and mistresses manage relays for their servants, so that all may see something ? Though the fireworks are announced to begin at 9.30 and to end about 11, fhe length of the programme must make that a difficult task, and we have little doubt that any servant relieved from guard at 10.30 will see a good deal. For this and all the other arrangements of the evening we believe that mutual consideration will be found- a much more effectual and comfortable principle to go upon than the ruffian's rule of everybody for himself. If people will be thinking a little of others as well as of themselves they will not be so liable to absurd suspicions and sudden panies. They will not push through a narrow pass, or run if they see a crowd or hear an explosion they are not prepared for. They will be quiet, stand still, and look about them, and- perhaps even see what service they can render. Our advice may seem unreasonably solemn, but it is impossible to contemplate so vast an assemblage without some degree of apprehension. By the common laws of chance there must be some accidents, and even some disorder, and we are telling people how not to make bad- worse.
The American question assumes month by month with each interchange of communications between the two Governments a more serious, a more anxious, a more threatening aspect. The apprehensions of to-day become the certainties of to-morrow; and claims the existence of which could never have been anticipated are one by one urged upon us. It really seems as if demands on one side and concessions on the other had reached their utmost limit; as if so much had been conceded in peace, that nothing was left to be grasped by war; as if America had obtained and England had yielded all that the most powerful country could ask-all that the feeblest nation which retained any sense of dignity and self-respect could possibly give up. We have wounded most unintentionally the susceptibilities of America by doing only what we had a right to do-that is, by establishing a recruiting station in our own colony on the frontier of the United States. The IUnited States remonstrate against the proceeding, we desist from it, and we apologize. The ground is shifted. WVe are told that we have offended against the sovereign rights of the Republic. WVe disclaim the intention. Then the recall of our Minister and Consuls is demanded, on the ground that they have directly infringed American law. We reply that the accusation rests on evidence utterly unworthy of credit ; but that, if it can be substantiated by credible witnesses, we -will not fail to punish the delinquent officers. Here the matter remains for the present ; and, as far as we are concerned, we fear here it must remain, for we can imagine no further concession which can be made without actual disgrace. We cannot, for the sake of any object, however important, tarnish the national character by committing ourselves to a gross and deliberate injustice-an injustice not palliated by the vehemence of popular feeling or the strength of honest, though mistaken convictions, but dictated solely by fear-tlle meanest of passions, though the most powvcrful of motives. If the MXNISTEU roIt FOitEmo AFFAIRS is persuaded that Mr. C1tatiLAroN has so far disobeyed the orders of his Government and disregarded the duties of his station as to violate tho laws of a friendly country, we ougllt to need no menaces, no expostulations from the Goverml1enlt of the coulltry so aggrieved, in order to induco us to inflict the proper punishmient on him, and give just and reasonable satisfaction to them, by withdrawving hillm immediately from the situation he has abused auld a country which he has insulted; but if, on the other hand, we are satisfied that no such accusation can be proved, that the evidence on whicll it rests is utterly worthless, and that the wvords of men of honour and gentlemen emphatically denying the charge infinitely outweigh the evidence of thousands of such witnesses as HEiTz and STRODXLL, it would be unpardonable meanness Iand miserable truckling, utterly unworthy of a country wvhiclh professes to prize justice and honour above all things, and to submit to any sacrifice rather thani betray her servants or belie her convictions, to recall her Minister or her Consuls at the dictation of a foreign Power. Wle have apologized for the faults we have committed. We have temperately and fairly pointed out the worthlesssness of the proof of other faults, the comnmission of which we deny, and for which we can consequently offer no reparation. This we have done, but we can do no more. The Queen of RSC.L.N.D has offered to the United States such reparation as one great Power may fairly and candidly make to another ; but this nation will never suffer the postiu'e of its SovzRniGxx to be changed from one of cordial and candid friendship into an attitude of enforced hiunility and unworthy deprecation. This nation would exact a heavy account from any Government which it should think has, by rashness or want of consideration for the feelings of its neighbours, compromised the peace of the wolld; but it will be equally resolute to maintain, if driven to extrenity, its honour and independence. Observations precisely similar apply to our difference with the United States respecting Central America. In order to disarm their jealousy we have volluntarily assured them that we have no intention whatever of seeking for aggrandizement or extension of territory in that quarter. We differ in the interpretation of a treaty, and have repeatedly offered to submit -that treaty to the arbitration of any friendly Power. Mfore than this we cannot do, unless, in order to avoid collision, we surrender our own interpretation of the treaty, and submit to one which we know never to have been contemplated by our Plenipotentiary. This we cannot do, and it will therefore be for the United States to consider what purpose it will serve to push us any further on this subject. We will not suffer ourselves to suppose that there is any truth in reports which have reached us that the internal affairs of the Union have arrived at a point which renders it necessary to seek in foreign war a diversion from domestic discord. Such wild and dangerous counsels are unworthy the position and alien from the spirit of the great Transatlantic community, -whose wisdom and fortune it has been to wring from peace conquests more successful and more durable than have ever been attained by the most successful war. History affords abundant instances where the unprincipled ambition of powerful States has urged them on to provoke an unequal conf9ict with smaller and weaker communities; but that a State should rush into war with another at least its equal in all those resources which are necessary for military success, while that country, so far from offering any provocation, is exhausting every expedient to avert the threatened collision, is indeed an instance of conduct which we do not care to characterize further than by the observation that it is totally unparalleled in history. Let us for once, we trust without arrogance, venture to propose our own example to the United States as one not wholly unworthy of imitation. When the dispute with regard to the Oregon territory began to assume really formidable pretensions, and seriously to compromise the relations of the two countries, Great Britain, actuated by her sincere desire to put an end to so threatening a state of affairs, waived all ceremony, put aside all etiquette, selected that person whom she believed most likely to be acceptable to the Govermuent and peopie of the United States, and sent him out with full powers to arrange the dispute on terms acceptable to both parties. The measure completely succeeded, and the danger of war was, at least for the time, averted. Why should not the United States adopt a similar expedient now, and either send to London a special Plenipotentiary, or invest their Minister here with full powers amicably to termiinate the dispute ? Lord ELGIN says that Mr. MARncY and Lord CLARENDON could settle the matter in half an hour, and Mr. MACAULAY has just told us how the negotiations which made so little progress at the Conference of Ryswick were despatched without difficulty by Bxxrcu and BOUFFLERS under an appletree. We have tried diplomatic correspondence with indifferent success;-why should we not try if personal intercourse will not succeed better? -
The vote on Tuesday evening on Mr. MIMI.'s motion was, perhaps, as satisfactory a result as the Irish Church could expect from so uncomplimentary a debate. The character of the whole debate was a reluctant and grudging conservatismn, a detennination to maintain an existing state of things, joined with an absence of all strong feeling for it. There was a dogged stikding to the defacto ground. TheIrish Establishment existed, it was protected by a clause of the Union, it must not be touched, then, in any such way as that proposed by MIr. IIALL; national caution, national good faith, the claim of an established institution, the fear of change, the sense of difficulties, were all on its side. But nobody could speak an affectionate or entnusiastic word for it. There was nothing in its history to appeal to-no great work to point to. Nobody could say that it had diminished Romanism, or done any remarklable service of any kind. There was a hanging back from the defence of it; everybody on that side wished everybody else to speak. But everylody else would not speak, but held his tongue. M'1r. K= c "was not going- to " defend the EstaUlished Church in Ireland, be- " cause there were many hon. gentlemen who " could defend it better than he could." But the hon. gentlemen who could do so did not think it worth while to get upon their legs. M1r. NEWDEGATS and Mr. RA-wrLTor corld say a few commonplaces, which they evidently got over as soon as they could, but the general taciturnity of the friends of the Trish Church was more damaging to it than even the hostility of its assailants. Mr. A. STAFFORD found it much easier to call upon Government for a demonstration in favour of the Irish Establishment than to make any himself. Everybody felt, in short, that the Irish Establishment was an anomaly in theory, as representing so smaU a E.art of the population, and had been a feeble, an ineffective, and a corrupt institution in practice. All expression of strong feeling in this debate was on the side of the assailants of the Irish Establishment, and not on the side of its defenders; and when Mlr. M IAR. appealed to "a clear distinction "between Protestantism as a spiritual prin"ciple and Protestantism as a political "institution, and did not think that the House "believed that spiritual Protestantism resided in "wealth unjustly gained or in favour improperly bestowed," he expressed a higher and nobler sentiment on his own side of the question than any which was expressed throughout the whole debate on the other. '"hen, too, he denounced the injustice and tyranny, the selfislmess, the jobbing that had characterized Protestant ascendancy in Ireland, the House felt that facts were on his side, and that he had a right to speak witlh force and indignation. How, then, was it that, with such an unpromising show in the argument, the Irish Establishment came out so well in the vote, and that those who escape, whenever they can, arguing for it, and confess to very little feeling on its side, support it in fact, and defend it when it comes to a division? The answer is, first, that the extreme nature of Mr. ArAr]s proposal defeated itself. That proposal was professedly founded on the pDarticular facts of the Irish Establishment; but it was evident that it had another foundation besides that, in a religious theory, doubtless held conscientiously and enthusiastically by 3\Ir. 3MiA.L and those of his school, but still a t7heory against the principle of establishments altogether. It was all very well for Mfr. TN1LuT to try to separate the case of the Irish Establishment entirely from the English, and affect to show that all the arguments that condemned the one supported the other. But, had he carried his motion, we much question whether he would have stuck long to his own distinction. Unndoubtedly his remark applies with truth to many of the arguments by which the two Establishments are defended; but there are other arguments which both Establishments have in common, and it is difficult to believe that a complete overthrow of the Irish would not be used, and with effect, as a precedent for the overthrow of the English. The House, then, while it sympathized with Mr. M3TA's facts, did not go along with his or his school's theories. We are practical people, and our bias, moreover, is in favour of existing rights and institutions. We do not like wholesale confiscation, total overthrows, or volcanic disturbances of any kind. But there is another and a more general reason for the vote of Tuesday evening-a reason contained in a certain fundamental policy and line of thougeht maintained upon such questions as these by English statesmen and by English minds generally. It does not at all follow, because you cannot be enthusiastic in favour of an institution, that therefore you cannot maintain it; you give it a support founded upon grounds of general expediency, and such grounds as these may be supplied, in the case of a church establishment, either by the amount of practical good which results from the establishment itself, or from the peculiarity of a whole state of things connected with it. The Irish Establishment does not produce tllat amount of practical good which would justify the maintenance of it for its own sake, and looking simply to Ireland itself. On the other hand, it must be admitted that the articles of the Union mak-e it difficult for us to deal -with Ireland thus singly, and as separate from England. Lord PALMERSTON asselts strongly that the articles of the Union protect the Irish Establishment-not to the extent, of course, of giving it inimunity from all legislative interference, but to that of maintaining it in some way or other. Here is an intricate and difficult state of things, then, in which we find ourselves as regards Ireland and the Irish Church. The Irish Church is bound up more or less with the English, and she takes care not to allow us to forget the connexion. Under such circumstances, a Government is properly cautious and circumspect in approaching the question of the Irish Church Establishment. An EDglish Government is charged not only with the interests of all the particular divisions of the kingdom separately, but with themaintenance of the relations in which they stand to each other, and of the state of things as a whole. General national considerations thus come in in the question of tlle Irish Church-considerations which cannot be overlooked, inasmuch as they involve English as well as Irish interests; so that a rash and hasty treatment of: the question might produce consequences on which we did not at first calculate-consequences extending from Ireland to ourselves. Meanwhile we congratulate Mr. Spoom-N and his party on this first result of his anti-M1aynooth victory. It appears from this debate how this victory has worked, and how it will work. The principal advantage it has given has been to the opponents of the Irish Church Establishmeent. Mr. MIAm " looked upon the disendowment of MTay"nooth as a measure which ought to be carried, " but it was one which could not safely be carr ied "alJoe." " Take away," says Mr. X HAnnmD, "these grants to Maynooth and to Irish Presbyte- rianism, and the Chu rnc of Irelaild lustfa.U." Was there ever an apter illustration of the effect of giving certain people plenty of rope ? Let Mr. SOOfNER and his party have their own way about the M;aynooth grant, and the Irish Church has immediately an argument of tremendous strength against her. The compact is unsettled, and the equilibrium can only be restored by one measure. The compensation for Maynooth is the destruction of the Irish Establislunent.
COUBT CIBCULAR. Eis Royal Highness Prince Albert went to Epsom Races yesterday, accompanied by their Royal Highnesses the Regent of Baden and Prince Frederick William of Prussia. In attendance on the Princes were LAentenant-General Baron Schreckenstein, Baron de Moltkc, Baron Scutter de lotzen, Baron de Genimingea, Captain Du Plat, Captain Heinz, the Hon. Mortimer Sackville West, Lieutenant de Schreckenstein, Dr. Ullman, and Dr. Wegner. The Royal party left Buelingham Palace at 12 o'clock, in four carriages and four, and returned at a quarter past 6 o'clock. Her Majesty had a dinner prty in the evening. The company included their Royal fgbnesses the Duchess of Kient, the Regent of Baden, and Prince Frederick William of Prnssia; the Prussian Minister and Countess Bernstorff; Barl Spencer, Conntes Somers, Lady Anna Maria Dawson, Viscount Palmerston, Lord Pamnnire, Lientenant-Genieral Baron Sebrecieistein, Baron de lioltlke, Captain Heinz, Lieutenant de Schreckenstein, and Dr. Wegner (in attend. ance on Prince Frederick William of Prussia); Colonel Baron Scutter de Latzen, Baron de Gemmingen, Dr. Ufllman, and the Hon. Mortimer Sackville West (n attend ance on the Regent of Baden); Lady Caroline and Miss Barrington. The band of the Sots Fusileer Guards was in attendance, and played during dinner. Prince Arthur and the Princesses Helena and Louisa took a drive in an open carriage and four. His Royal Highness Prince Frederick William of Pmssia visited her Royal Higlness the Duchecs of Kent yeiterday, at Clarence-house, St. James's.
TERE FIREWORKS AArD ILLU3TNATIONS. - We are requested by tlhe Commissioners of Police to publish the following regulations, which have been framed in order that the public may witness the fireworks and illuminations with the least possible difficulty and inconvenience:- " in order to afford the greatest facilities for all persons to pass through the streets the police will, as far as practicable, enforce the following regulations:- "Sufficient space is to be kept in the centre of the streets for the carriages of those who want to pass quickly. "The carriages of persons wishing to move slowly in order to see the illuminations are to be formed in a single line next the footway on the left or proper side of the street, according to the direction in which they are going. " No carriage will be allowed to stop or remain standing in the streets where crowded. "Empty carriages are to be required to move to the nearest vacant place, to wait until wanted. "As the illuminations at the public offices and clubs, Whitehall, Pall-mall, and the adjoining streets, Will probably attract the greatest crowds- " 1. Carriages passing the Horse-Guards from Charingcross are to go down to Parliament-street, pass through it, and if to return towards Charing-crosstheyare togo through King-street into Whitehall, keeping on the left or proper side. " 2. Carriages coming from the Strand to pass the Horse Guards are to be formed in line close to the footway in front of Northumberland-house, and then proceed as before directed. (No. L) "3. Carriages coming from Pall-mall to Charing-cross are to pas along Pall-mall-East, in front of the National GaUery, and fall into the line in front of Northumberlandhouse, and proceed as before directed. (No. 2.) " The line of carriages in front of Northumberland-house will be stopped at intervals to admit carriages from Pallmall East. " 4. Carriages going to Charing-cross, by the Haymark-et, Regent-street (through Waterloo-place), or St. James'sstreet, will be admitted into the line in Pall-mall, which line will be stopped at intervals for the purpose. " 5. Carringes going to Charing-cross into Piccadilly may go by any street into Pall-mall, and they will there be admitted into the line as before mentioned. "Carriages going from Charing-cross to the Strand or Pall-mall, are to form on the left or proper side of the street, and continue moving. " Every facility -wil be given to enable the carriages to pass up Regent-street, St. James's-street, &c., by stopping at intervals the line of carriages moving in the opposite direction past the entrances into those streets. "AiUpersons are recommended not to take money,watches, &c., with them into the streets or parks on the night of the fireworks and illumination." The following police regulations for preventing obstruction of the thoroughfares and preserving order on the night of the 29th inst. have been issued:- " L No carriage will be allowed to remain in Park-lane, or in that part of Piccadilly adjoining the Green Park-, from S o'clock-p.m. until the fireworls are ended. " 2. No carriage will be allowed to pass through Parklane or Piccadilly adjoining the Park during the time abovementioned, except with company going to some house in those streets, or in the immediate neighbourhood. "3. No carriage will be allowed to enter or remain in the Green Park, or St. James's Park-, after S 'clock-, p.m. " 4. No carriage will be allowed to enter or remain in Hy&a Park-, except as hereafter mentioned, after S o'clock p.m. "Private carriages may stand, but so as not to cause obstruction on the roadin Hyde Park above the Marble Arch, towards Kensington Gardens, and at the side of Kensington Gardens and the Serpentine. " Carriages are to enter the Park- by the Victoria Gate only. " o. No carriage will be allowed to pass or remain in any part of the road in the park- between Apsley-house gates and the Marble Arch after S o'clock- p.m.; and the several gates into the Park, except Yictoria-gater are to be uased only by people walking. '-6. Nocarriage will beallowed tosp in any street at any time of the evening or night so that an obstruction may be caused. "'7. All carriages of every description are to be kept moving through the streets, and the carriages vill, as far as practicable, be formed in lines on their proper sides of the street, so as to give the persons in all the best opportunity of seeing the illuminations."
TEE: PIAcE REroJIiNGs.-LiEm PoDL, May 28.- The demonstrations to-morrow wil include reviews of the local pensioners and the Eoval Lancashire .Artiillery MIilitia; a regatta on the river by the Royal lMersey Yacht Club; large processions of school children, with flags, banners, and bands of music; a great display of bunting in the streets; and pleasure trips to 'Wales and the Isle of Man. Illuminations and firewvorks are discouraged in consequence of the failures and casualties on the occasion of the 'visit of the Duke of Cambridge. All returned soldiers from the Crimea, in the town, 'will be treated by the MTayor (Mr. John Stewart) to a hot dinner of roast beef and plum. pudding, a pmnt of ale, and a shillipg each. The pu-blic buildings in the town and some of the'dock warehouses will be throwin open to the public; and twso free performnances on the great organ will begven in tecourse of the afternoon. The bankis will close at 11 o'clock, and business operations will be generally suspenJled. DRAn~G1 I1N ucE-The following is an analyi of the report which has been presented to the legislaive body on the bill to regulate dramnage in France: -" The report starts on the principle that the State cannot, and ought not, to p resent itself as the dispenser of credit to private nndertahdngs; there exist, howrever, some exceptions to this principle, and drainagte has appeared to 530vernment worthy to be one of them. The Government, before makmng a law on drainage, and pLacing important sums at the disposal of proprietors and cultivators who might wtish to dsain their land, desired to assure itself of the utility of this operation, and of the results which might be obtained by it. Special men were sent into countries w here draiage was practised, and an examnantion w as made on land drained in Firance. It is in England, above all, that drainage has received its greatest development, and has been applied to the largest estent of territory, thanks to State loans and exceptional laws. The drainage works in England can be traced up to the year 1832. Parliamenta-y returns showv that in Zreand alone the extent of drained land amounted, up to the 1st of January, 1852, to 129,570 hectares (the hectare is 2lj acres). It is calculated that the amount drained in England is 500.000 hectares. The same documents prove that the results obtained have far surpassed expectation. F?armers are mentioned whose land has becn doubled in value by drainage; others have obtained superior crops to the extent of from 10 to 25> per cent. In the majority of cases the increased value of the produce is comprised w;ithin the extreme limits of 14 to 40 per cent. In Scotland the same facts are found to have taken place, and the same results have been arrived at. But the most significant fact is this :-The Euglish Govern. meat has lent above 180,000,000f. for drainage and corresponding agricultural lr.bours, and these loans have been advanced on the condition of being re aid in 22 annual pa-- ments, w.ith interest at 3 per cent. Such has been the success of drainage works executed by means of these loans that the repayments were effected in the majority of cases in eight years, and that in the course of this great operation only one law action and six arbitrations have taken place In Belgium, wFhere about 20,000 hectares have been drained, the increased fertility of the soil is notorious. In Austria, Prince Schwgartzenberg had long introduced drainage on his estates, where the peasants, convinced of the excellency of the operation, songht to obtain earthen pipes to imitate the example given to them. A good authofty, Dr. Areinstein, recksons the increase of the value of drained Land at about 50 percent. on the expense of the operation. A document, emanatingfrom the Chamber of Commerce of Buda, fixes it at 34 per cent. F?rance has followed the example of Englanldand Belgium, though hitherto only to a limited extent. Drainage has been only attempted in20 departments in a somewrhat serious manner. UJp to the present moment the cost of the drainage in France amounts to a mediumn of 2aOf. per hectare. In all the reports from the departments the increased produce on drained land has never been inferior to 10 per cent. The statements of the prefects, the Government engineers, the directors of the Ponts et Chaussces,. and other authorities, declare that the extent of land susceptible of drain age is not less than 10,000,000 to 11,0wl,O000hectares. If it is admitted that only 3,500,000 of hectares are subjected to drainage, and 'hat the improvement resulting therefrom amounts only to 10 per cent, on the pro. duce, a considerable guarantee would exist against the insufiiciency of the crops, whEich, as far as 'wheat is conlcerned, have never been under 900,000 hectolitres for the past 30 years. The report enumerates the various legislative acts passed'in favour of drainage in England, Scotland, and Ireland. The law of the 10th of June, 1854, which authorizes in France the landowner who 'wishes to drain to carry vwater, on payment of an indemnity, over the neighbouring property, has already produced excellent result>s; but these results are insufficient to lead in France to the same extension reached by drainage in E1ngland. If it is desired that drainage should be earned out in France to a proper extent, it is necessary that facilities similar to these given in E3ngland should be granted to landowners and cultivators. The pro. blem to be worked out is this:-1. To supply agriculture winth a capital sufficient to execute wrorks of drainage on ant extensive scale. 2. When drainage shall have been made sufliciently knowsn and appreciated by these first operations, and wihen it shall havre convinced everybody of its good results, the best means must be sought to attract private capital towards this species of improvement by offering guarantees of repayment calculated to inscpire confidence. The biUkproposesta the Government shall be empowered to mkad ane to the extent of 1w0,01)0,0w£1, and endowss the State, or the party that make the advance, with a privilege of paymnent of interest and capital which takes rank immediately after that of taxation. The report explains that this privilege exists, and can only exist, in so faras the surplus value given to the pro ertybydrainageis concerned. The privilege reduced to this Iimit offers, therefore, no prejudice to the interests of a third party." Mr. Baron Platt, whose severe indiscposition prevented him going last circuit or appearing in court during this and the previous term, is said to have yesterdayvtendered his renignation. MEr. Watsen, Q. C. and M. P., is dlready spok;en of as likely to be tho new Baron of the Court of Exchequer. This is an appointment that would give general satisfaction to the profecsaion,-Daity Ktwe,
FOREIGN ZTXBLLIGBVB. FRANCE. [Aoptionof tefoowing appe-red in our xcond edition of yesterday:-] (sR.ot OUR OW'-N CORRM-OrNDET.1 T fl g IS, TuESDAY, MAY 27, 6 mx.Y The following private letter has been reoeivel from Bucharest, under date the l5th :_ " We are witnessin7g a curious spectacle here. Prince Stirbey, despairing of remaining at the head of afairs, causes an address to be presented to himself, -whlich he ha s hawked about and for which ho has solicited signxtures. Tae purport of the address is to beg Prince Stirbey to remain in power, and to sacrifice his amour-p.pre to the wellbeing of the country, and to acocept even the title of Faxmaksn. Every one knows what that means. But this is not the only prayer of the address; it also demands the pro. longation of the Atustrian occupation during the sittings oE the commission, on the pretended fear of disturbances if the Austrian forces are withdrawn. This, of course, means that Prince Stirbey cr,uld not remain in power a single day if he werenotsupp.rt-d by Austrianbayonets. I neednot tell you that the indignation of the public is roused by these acts, and it is retnarked that Stirbey is very long in deciding on retiring, and the Porte in signifying to hin that the period of his office has expired." The Archduke Plaximilian leaves to-morrow for Cherbourg and Brest, andreturns to Paris in afew days. He will then proceed to Holland by sea. The French ships of war Reine Hortense and Le Corse have been placed at his disposaL Prince Oscar leaves in a few days for Metz, to Tisit the fortifications and the School of Artillery. The Prince will not definitively quit Paris til after the baptism of the Imperial Prince. Prince Jerome left Paris yesterday afternoon for his estate of Villegenis, vhere his Imperial lmess intends residing fur the summer. Prince Napoleon arrived on Sunday at Havre, by the 2 o'clock train, to visit the Reine Hortense Imperial yacht, placed at his orders by the Emperor. His mperial Highnesspassed the crew in reviews, and dined on board, the band of the Corse playing overtures and military pieces on deck at the time. A considerable crowd assembled on the quava of the Vieux Bassin during the visit. The Prince afterwards, accompanied by Captain Roncie%re de Noury, of the Reine Hortense, visited the Alma steamer, belonging to the Franco-American Comn pany, and returned to Paris by 10 at night. A Scotch agriculturist of much experience, who has just visited the show-yard set apart for the exhibition of live stock at the Palais de rndustrie, repoarts the whole arrangements to be the most perfect he has ever seen. Stalls and pens are prepared for upwards of 1,000 animals, with every convenience and comfort that can be desired, as well as for the security and gratification of the admiring spectator3 while the walks and shrubberies in the centre of the grounds may with pleasure be enjoyed by the most delicate of the fair sex. The apartments set apart for the Emperor and Empress are splendidly fitted up, and worthy of their occupants. The bureaux and reception-rooms, for the jurors, officials, and deputations from other countries, are on a scale to deserve every commendation. "The whole arrangements," he observes, " are such as Frenchmen only could conceive and carry into execution, and will be duly appreciated by aU whose gratification has been so muca studied on this auspicious occasion." The jurors have been instructed to enter upon their several duties on Friday, the 30th, at 8 o'clock ih the inorning, and it is understood that the Exhibition will be thrown open to the public on MIonday, the 2d of June, and continue till the 10th. The greatest intere-t is manifested in regard to this extraordinary and well-timed demonstration. The influx of strangers is very remarkable; the costume and national peculiarities of the men, as well as the form and size of the animals to be exhibited, are not the least interesting study of the Parisians. The Emperor reviewed to-day, in the Champ de MIars, the troops of the garrison and armny of Paris. The infantry, consisting of two divisions of the Line and two divisions of the Imperial Guard, was drawn up in five lines facing the Avenue de la MIothe Piquet. It consisted of 22 battalions, and was commanded by Generals Regnault de St. Jean d'Angely, Courtigis, rAmirault, Groben, Forey, and Souric. The cavalry occupied the left, and was composed of the Cuirassiers of the Imperial Guard, the Carabineers, the 11th Regiment of Dragoons _ately returned from Rome), a regiment of Lancers, the Guides of the Imperial Guard, a regiment of Chasseurs, another of Hussars, the Garde de Paris, and the Gendarmes. The artillery was stationed opposite the Ecole Melitaiue. Marshal Magnan commanded in chief. At 1 o'clock the Emperor arrived on the ground, mounted on his favourite Arab horse. HEs MSIajesty wore the uniform of General of Division. On his rig,ht rode the Archduke Ferdinand Maximilian, and on his left Prince Oscar of Sweden, both dressed in the uniform of General Officers of their nation. Prince Napoleon was on the right of the Archduke, and Marshals VaiUlant, Canrobert, and Bosquet followed at a short distance. Next came a multitude of French and foreign General and sruperior officers, and the aides-dce-camp of the three Marshals, and the cortge was closed by a detachment of the Cent Gardes. Two open carriages followed. In the first was seated the Empress, who was enthusiastically cheered by the people. The second carmiage was occupied by the Princess Mathilde. The Emperor having rapidly passed before the lines of the troops took his station in front of the Pavilon de rHorloge, when the deflT& commenced. Each corps, as it marched by, saluted the Emperor and Empress with its acclamations. The four regiments of the division of GeneralForey, every man of which wore the Crimean medal, attracted particular attention, and were hailed with enthusiasm by the population. The dele -was termninated at about half-past 3, when their MIajesties returned to St. Cloud, with their PRoyal guests. Baron de Bourqueney will leave Paris in a few days for Vienna, in order to present to the Emperor Francis Joseph his letters of credence as Ambassador fromi rance. This ceremony will take pLace at Vienna, with all the pomp and etiquette which the Court of Austria borrowed from that of Spain when the two countries were under the same crown. Public attention has been so long occupied by questions of foreign policy, when not turned to the vicissitudes of the war, that matters of mere domestic interest have been for the last two or three years almost overlooked. The invasion of Aigers by large bands of peasants, and two or three attempts made on the life of the Emperor of the French, together with the appalling calmness with which the most repulsive doctrines were openly avowed by the criminals, are proof3 that the evil of secret association for revolutionary purp)oses is far fronm extirpated among the lower classes particularly in the towns. A few notes on this bject which I have recently seen, and which appear to be authentic, will enableme to form a notion of its extent and its influence. From the information I allude to it woulld seem that the revolutionary movement in France has two great centres, which are perfectly distinct and independent of each other. They are sometimes opposed, but often act in junction, according to circumstances. The one has always had its principal seat in Paris, where projects and systems are devised; the head-quarters of the other are at Lyons, where the mass of the people is more easily and more surely acted upon. In fact, Paris is, in the revolutionary scheme, the head that plansLyons the arm that is expected to execute. In the associations of Lyons may be found men of nearly all political colour-red, white, blue, and black; and so far, from being exclusive on account of different shades of opinion, they seek, on the colntrary, to draw within their sphere all the elements of discontent that are to be found in the surrounding provirces. At Lyons the party generally most remarkable for audacity is that of the "Revolution,"-tbis term being now particularly applied there, as throughout the empire, to the Republicans, Social-. ists, and Communists,-the agglomeration of men who are in a state of material destitution, and consequently of discontent; or who are, i31 fact, incendiary agents, whose main object is tld overthrow of all public order, utterly recldess of consequences, and who, providedthe work of &estruction be done, care very little about what is to come after. Among the divers theoriea and systems that prevail in that general associatitTn the most prominent is that of 1793-in fact, of Robespierre, St. Tust, Mlarat, Chalieu, and BabCeuf, who are all regarded in the light of sages and guides in articles of revolutionary faith. The institutionsof St. Just appear to form their tode of morals; their idea of the constitutijn would be modelled on that of Robespierre; and their legislation based on the doctrines of the Amni du Peuople of Marat. The origin of this sweeping Jacobinism iatraoeable
AMBRICA. LIVERPOOL, WEDmE5DAY. The Liverpool and Philadelphia Steam-ship Company's screw steamer City of Baltimore, Leitch commander, arrived this afternoon with advices from Philadelphia to the 15th inst. The Washington correspondence of the Neto York Daily Tribune states that Padre Vizil had been received by thePresident as Minister from Nicaragua with distinction and cordiality. In the Senate on the 14th,- "M Mr. Clayton said he had seen in the morning newspapers waat urported to be an extract from a letter from the Brish Minister at Washington, dated March 31, 1S56, im which Mr. Crampton says,- " ' It will be within your Lordship's recollection that Mr. Clayton -was informed by Sir Henry Bulwer, before the treaty of 1850 was signed, that Ruatan was de jlure and doe f tco a Brtish possession, and hIr. Clayton has on various occasions since, in conversation vwith me, stated that he considered Ruatan a British possession as much as Jamaica, or any other British West India island,' "3Wr. Clayton branded this statement as utterly untrne inevery particular. The British Ministermust have laboured nuder an halluciation as strange as ever entered the brain of any man to make such a declaration. Nothing like it had ever escaped himn in conversation with Mr. Crampton or anybody else. Fortunately the fact did not rest upon the statement of Mr. Crampton and himself. He had a living witness, and first he would call attention to a letter written by Mr. Cramipton and read in the Senate on the 12th of January, 1854, in which he (Mr. Crampton) attempted to prove that Ruatan was not a dependency of Belize, and was not exempted from the provisions of the treaty of 1850. He then had Mr. Cramapton's testimony on the subject, and read it to the Senate. He would now read it again to contradict Mr. Crampton's statement, which was made known to him for the first time that morning, and of which he had not the most remote conception. In this letter Mr. Crampton said-' She dependencies of British Honduras are, in my opiion, distinctly enumerated in the treaty of 1786.' He had made this statement deliberately, and the irresistible conclusion was that Ruatan was not included in these dependencies. Mr. Clayton said while he was detained at his lodgings by sickness in February or March last he was called upon by Mr. Crittenden, and while they were engaged in conversation on this subject Mr. Crampton came in to invite him (Mr. Clayton) to dine with him. He (Mr. Clayton) was too sick to accept the invitation, but took occasion to ask Mr. Crampton if he knew anything of the charge that he (Mr. Clayton) had ever admitted that Ruatan was exempted from the opeation of the treaty, and Mr. Crampton in meat unqualified terms acknowledged that there was no truth in the report that he (Mr. Clayton) had ever made any such intimation to him. "Mr. Crittenden corroborated Mr. Clayton's statement. He could not pretend to give the details of a conversation at which he was accidentally present; but, according to his recollection, the substance of it was directly contrary to the statement in the newspapers, and sustained the account Mr. Clayton had given of st. ." Mr. Clayton said lhe had made speech afterspeech in the Senate, endeavouring to prove directly the reverse of what he was represented as admitting. He was willing to put the most charitable construction upon it, but it was an utter nmistake. lMr. Cass thought it very certain Mr. Clayton, unless in some fit of insanity, could never have said to Mr. Crampton what was attributed to him. " Mr. Pratt inquired what evidence there was that this letter was authentic. He thought there must be some mistake. "Mr. Clayton had no knowledge as to its authenticity. WVho his attention was caUed to it that morning he was much astonished, and his first duty was to disprove the statement. No matter by whom made, it was false. If Mr. Crampton never made such a statement he was not injured by these remarks; but, if he did make it, it was for AMr. Crampton to explain. It had appeared in the public prints, and, until it was dened or disavowed, Mr. Clayton wvas bound to suppose that it was a genuine document. He should, however, be very happy to be assured to the contrary. "-Mr. Fish, in response to a question from Mr. Clayton, aslid that in the course of two interviews with Mr. Cramptin the latter had stated that Mr. Clayton always denied that Ruatan was a British possession. He (Mr. Clayton) thought there must be some mistake in the copy of the letter. "Mr. Cam said that Great Britaim, being repeatedly driven from one point of defence, had invariably taken refuge at another, and recent events had shown this more strongly than ever." Mr. Buchanan had had an interview of several hours with the President on the 14th, in which he mnade a personal report of his mission. His friends are much buoyed up by the demonstrations he received while en rozute. Mr. Clayton's denial of Mr. Crampton's allegation that he had admitted to the latter that Ruatan was as much a British possession as Jamaica made quite a sensation in the Senate, being sustained by Mfr.Critttenden, who was present at the particular interview. It is understood also a that Mr. Fish was prepared to testify to the same effect, having seen Mr. C(rampton after the interview mentioned and received a similar statement from him. In commercial matters there is no change of importance. A despatch from Washington, of the 15th inst., states that Secretary Marcy sent for M. MIarcoletta, the Minister from Nicaragua, and informed him of the determination of the Administration to receive the Padre Vizil as the Tvlinister from the new Government of Nicaragaa. M. Marcoletta complained of it as violating the laws of God and of nations, enterino his solemn protest against the proceeding, and informing Mr. Marcy that he should prepare an expos6 of all the factu, to be communicated by him to the members of the diplomatic corps Another despatch states that the President would send a message to Congress on the 16th, announcing the recognition of the Walkler Government, and giving his reasons for that step. Telegraphic accounts from New Orleans of the 14th repeat the arrival of the San Francisco mail, bringing dates from that city to the 21st of April. The steamer George Law had sailed from Aspinwall for New Yprk with nearly $2,000,000 in gold on freight. The San Francisco markets were quiet. A messenger from Nicaragua arrived at Aspinwall reported that Colonel Schlesinger had been recaptured, and would be shot. The British ship Wilson Kennedy, from Liverpool for St. John's, lNew Brunswick, was abandoned on the 10th of May, in the Bay of Fundy. The crew were tak-en off by a schooner and taken to Boston on the 14th. The City of Baltimore left onp th,e 16th inst,,-not the 15t4.:
SP ORTING ETBLLIGENCE. EPSONI RACES. W1-DN-nA Tirg flERll5- DAY The riotous fun and uproarious excitement which charac. terize a Derby-day have been so frequently described, and re-ndered so familiar to the English people that an account of them must needs lack novelty. The scene yesterday presented no new "incident;" there were the same leg-weary tramps, the same card-sellers, the same kind of vehicles, and the same. stir and bustle that [have been witnessed at Epsom on the Derbyday in any year within the memory of that ubiquitous and " know-nothing" authority, the oldest inhabitant. From an early hour vehicles rattled through the long straggling street on their road to the Downs, and at frequent intervals isitors by rail swarmed into the town. Perhaps a larger concourse of people was never witnessed on the Downs, not even in the memorable " Little. Wonder year," when the Queen and Prince Albert were present, or in the " Great E-xhibition year," 185L Several circuastances, perhaps, caused the attendance of pleasure folk to be unusually large. The festivities in celebration of peace have to a large majority of Londoners rendered the present week a " broken week," and the opportunity which was presented of obtaining a holyday was eagerly seized to make the trip to Epsom on the Derby-day. The announcement, too, that his Royal Highness Prince Albert and the Prince of Prussia had signified their intention of being present doubtless contributed to increase the attendance of fashionable visitors. Their Royal Highnesses arrived just before the time appointed for the first race (2 o'clock). A private room to the left of the Grand Stand was placed at their disposal, and, considering the short notice which Mr. Dorling received of their visit, the arrangements for their accomamodation were as complete as could be expected. During the morning the weather was warm and sunny, but as the day advanced black clouds gathered and heavy showers fell with drenching effect, damping the ardour of the pleasure folk, and compelling them to scramble in all directions to obtain shelter. So far as the skiey influences are concerned the visits of Prince Albert to Epsom have been unfortunate enough, for on the only former occasion of his witnessing the Derby the sport was marred by unpropitious weather. In accordance with the custom which has of late years been established the Derby was the second race. The inaugural event excited little curiosity, and was regarded by the dense masses of spectators who lined the running ground and who had congregated on the hill and in the stands with a kind of listless indifference. No sooner, however, was it decided than the interest and excitement which had been previously displayed swelled to their height. The din of tongues in the Grand Stand enclosure became stunning and confusing, and even the merest turf tiro or the most indifferent spectator was warmed into an enthusiasm which made him abandon his pigeon-pies and champagne to inquire into the state of the market. The fact, too, of the very "open" ^haracter of the race served to keep alive and feed the general interest. At the last moment, also, a powerful demonstra. tion was made agpinst Wentworth, who was ultimately deprived of the "premiership" by Lord Derby's Fazzoletto. The quotations which we have appended to the result of the race will sufficiently indicate the latest movements, After the horses had taken their final canter before proceeding to the starting-post the last bell was sounded, and the immense body of people on the course dispersed with a sarprising rapidity, leaving the running ground clear, and stretched out between the' serried masses of slpectators like a bright green belt. A more gay and animated scene it would be impossible to imagine, for the sun, which had until then been clouded, shone forth in all its glory, scattering the shifting shadows, and gaily lighting up the surrounding landscape. As the horses were conducted towards the starting-post there was a general hush- "A silence still as death, "And the boldest held his breath, "F For a time." A simultaneous shout of " They're off" was raised, but the advance flag was not lowered, and the cry proved to be a false alarm. Its origin is described below. At last the signal was given, and Mr. Hibburd effected a most admirable start. We have elsewhere described how the race was run. The success of Ellingtoncreatedasensation, albeititwasnot altogetherunexpected. Yesterdayinthe remarks onthe meeting it was stated that l,000 to 60 had been taken twelve times about the horse; in fact, despite his two defeats, one at York and the other at Chester, the confidence of his party was scarcely diminished, and he found many through-thickand-thinsupporters. Theheavy ground, too, unquestionably, served him. HIisprincipalbackers, Mr. J-andMr. H-, are the largest winners, and his trainer, who always expressed the highest opinion of the horse, has also won a good stake. Ellington was ridden by one of the cleverest and most determined jockeys of the day. Yellow Jack was againdestinedtoreap the somewhat barren honours of second place. He has thrice run seoond-viz., for the Two Thousand, Chester Cup, and Derby. By the way, the result of the race showed what, in turf parlance, is caled "in and out running." Bird-in-Hand beat Ellington easily at Chester, yet he is " nowhere" in the Derby, while Fazzoletto, who defeated Yellow Jack- for the Two Thousand, appeared unable to compete with his old antagonist. Wentworth could not get nearer than seventh or eighth at the finish. In fact, the despised Aleppo, who was sent to make the running for him, beat the pick of the Danebury stable. 500 policemen, under Superintendents Hughes and Walk-er and Inspectors Beckerson and Bray, of the A division, did duty on the course, and carried out their arrangements with the utmost efficiency. The business of the weighing department was conducted by Mr. James Manning with a strict regard to punctuality. It would be superfluous to bear testimony to the accuracy of the judge's decisions. The railway authorities deserve honourable mention for the completeness of their arrangements. In addition to his Royal Highness Prince Albert and Prince Frederic William of Prussia and suite we noticed among the distinguished visitors Lord Derby, Lord Anglesey, Lord Wenlock, Lord Exmonth, Sir MN. Farquhar, Colonel Ferguson, Captain Evelyn, the Hon. H. Fitzroy, the Hon. G. Fitzwilliam, Lord Glasgow, Lord Granville, Mr. C. Grevi3le, Mr. H. Des Ycmux, Colonel Newton, Mr. G. Payne, Mr. R. Read, Captain Curzon, Lord John Scott, Lord Strathmore, Mr. P. Cockerell, Lord Wilton, Sir W. W. Wynne, Lord Ward, Lord Lascelles, Lord 1itchfield, Lord Londesborough, Lord A. Lennox, Lord Maidstone, Lord March, Sir George Armytage, Lord Henry Thynne, Mr. Charles Balfour, Count Batthyany, Major Bagot, Lord Bateman, the Duke of Beaufort, Sir J. Boswell, Mr. J. Bowes, Sir Thomas Burke, the Duke of Cambridge, the Hon. J. Macdonald, Sir H. Campbell, Colonel Campbell, Lord Chesterfield, Captain Christie, Lord Clifden, Captain Brabazon, Lord Colville, Sir W. Codrington, Lord ConynVhain, Mr. J. Shirley Crawford, Lord Curzon, Elon. Curzon, Mr. Byng, Mr. A. Des YVeux, Lord Drogheda, Captain Peel, Lord Drumlanrig, Sir Robert Peel, Lord Eglintoun. Hon. Leopold Ellis, Lord Enfield, Hon. Colonel Forrester, Lord Euston, Duke of Montrose, Lord Newport, Mr. Onslow, General Peel, MP., the Hon. Admiral Rous, Colonel Taylor, Mr. H. Wallis, MIr. T. Wallis, Mr. J. Ives, Mr. Ouseley Higgins, Mr. F. Maggenis, and many others whose names we were unable to jot down amid the hurry and excitement which prevailed. The Epsomr Towr PLATE (handicap), of 50 savs., for all ages. The winner of any race (matches excepted) after the weights were published 51b. extra. One mile. M1r. Mellish's Weathercock, by Weatherbit, 5 yrs, St. 71b. (including 51b. extra) (Wells) ... . 1 Mr. Good's Vulcan, 4 yrs, 7st. 61b. (D. Hughes) . 2 Capt. Christie's Roving Betsy, 4yrs, 6st. 131b. (T. Clii) 3 The following also ran:- Mr. Morris's Gamekeeper. 5 yrs, 8st. 61b. (Basham). Mlr. Smith's Moonshine, 4 yrs, 8st. 21b. (G. Maun). Mr. Jones's Alma, 3 yrs, 7st. 41b. (Swift). MIr. Hobson's Tester, 3 yrs, 6st. 61b. (Musgrove). Mlr. R. Williams's c. by Clumsy-Bastile, 4 yrs, 6st. 611. (Fordham). Betting.-7 to 4 agst Tester, 4 to 1 each agst Weathercock and Vulcan. Won by a neck. A length and a-half between the second andthird. Gamekeeper wasabadfourth. Testerfifth. The DERBY STarcEs, of 50 sovs. each, h. ft., for 3-yr-olds; colts, &et. 71b.; fillies, Sst. 21b. The second to receive 100 sovs. out of the stakes. One mile and a half. New course. 213 subs. Admiral Harcourt's Ellington, by:Flying Datchmnan (Alderoft) ... ... .. .. ... ... I Mr. Howard's Yellow Jack, by Birdcatcher (Wells) . 2 Lord J. Scott's Cannobie,!by lMelbourne (R. Sherwood) 3 Lord Derby's Fazzoletto, by Orlando (Flatman) ... ... 4 The foUowing also ran:- MIr. Howard's Coroner (J. Goater). lMr. Mouseley's B.ay Hilton (Ashmall). hlr. Bowes's Fly-by-Night (Bartholomew). Lord John Scott's Wandering Willie (Templeman). M1r. Halford's LeamingEon (Kendall). Mr. Harts Aleppo (3. Mareon). hlr. G. W. Fitzwilliam's lentworth (A. Day). Mr. Bryan's Bird-in-Hand (J. Osborne. Mr. E. R. Clark's Vandermenlin (Chariton). Mr. Murland's Forbidden Fruit (E. Harrison). Mr. F. Swindell's Puck (Quiinton) lIr. Gratwicke's Newington (G. Whitehouse). M1r. Gratwicke's The Pitnce (T. Sherwood). Mlr. Hobson's Mr. Verdant Green (J. Mann). Mr. alight's Cotswold (Sly). Mr. Motrises Artillery (Ba.bam). L7id Atgese 'gs Aatrologus (1. Mtann). lMr. H.11111's Rogerthorpe (S. Rogers). MIr. Varber's Pretty Boy (3. Forster). LD rd WVilton's Dramatist (Gr. Shasp). B Petting atStarttng-3 to 1 agst Fazzoletto (taken freely), |7 to 2 agst WFentworth, 11 to 2 agst Cann_bj@ 8 tol1agst Artillery, 12 to 1 agst Ily-by-Night, 12 t6 1 agst Vandermeulin, 14 to 1 agpt Yellow Jack, 20 to 1 agst. Ellington, 25 to I agpt Bird-in-iand, 30 to 1 agst Pucl;, 40 to 1 agst Bay HIlton, 40 to 1 agst Newington, 40 to 1 ag6t Mr. Verdant Green, 50 to 1 agpt Astrologue, 1,000 to 10 aqgt The Prince, 1,0O0 to 10 agst Pretty Boy. Before they were called to the post by Mr. Hibburd they mustered at a short distance beyond the winning-chair, and, after a brief pause, they proooeded past the Grand Stand and all the way down the straight. The sight was re. markably interesting. They then cantered back, and were walked through the paddock to -prepaze for the start, Every movement was watched by the immense ma1sses Of spectators with intense anxiety. When the line was first forned the competitors were thrown into disorder by a mounted policeman, who rode directly in front of them. At the second attempt the flags were lowered, and the 24 horses started in compact order. The first to show prominently in the front was The Coroner; behind him was Aleppo, heading a ruck which com.' prised Fazzoletto.Vandermeutiin, Cannobie, Artillery,Wentworth, Bird-in-Hand, Astrologns, Bay Hilton, and Elling. ton, who were clustering weRl together in nearly the order named. At the top of the hill Alepp rushed up to the Coroner and obtained the lead, the Coroner falling back, and Vandermenali going on second, with Fazzoletto, Bay Hilton, Artillery, Wentworth, Cannolbe, XII ington, Bird-in-Hand, and Astrologns showing well up in his wake, close together and pretty nearly in the order inL which we have set down their names. Aleppo carried on the rmning round Tattenham-corner, and Yellow Jack now began to draw forward, and at the Road he took the second place, with Bay Hilton's head at his neck, and Fazzoletto and Cannobie Iying close up. At the distance Aleppo disappeared from the front, and leftVandermeulinwith a slight lead, Bay Hilton being second, Fazzoletto, Ellington, and Wentworth the next three, Artiery being no#v beaten off. Soon afterwards Yellow Jack went up toVandermeulin and raced with him head and head; Bay Hilton dropping back, and Ellington, biding his time, in close attendance on the first two. Half way up the distance Vandermeulin tired, and Ellington came out, with Yellow Jack in hot pursuit, and, after a most exciting race in, beat him easily by a length, half a length separting the second from the third, and a length the third from the fouLrth; Vandermulin was fifth, and Aleppo sixth. Wentworth was forward in the next lot. In the extreme rear were Cotswoid, Newingto, hr. Verdant Green, Astrologns, and the Prince. lrtulery was last but one, and Wanderinz Willie absolutely last. The BEaanLcK PLATE (handicap) of 50 sovs., for aU ages. The winner of anyrace (except matches) after the weights were published, 51b. extra. One mile. Yr. Sargent's Rip Van Winkle, by the Elying Diatch- man, yrs, 7st. 31b. (including 51b. extra) (Iordham) 1 Colonel James's Tom Bnrke, 4 yrs, Sst. 121b. (Kendall) 2 Mr. B. Land's Englemere, 4 yrs, 7st. 131b. (J. Land) ... 3 Mr. T. Huglhes's Treachery, 4 yrs. 7st. lllb. (D. Hlughes) 4 Betting.-6 to 4 each agst Tom Burke and Xip Van Winkle; 5 to 1 agst any other (offered). Won in a canter by three lengths. Bad third. Treachery beaten off. The Ersom Cup of 100 sovs., added to a Sweepstakes of 10 sOas. each, h. ft.; 3-yr-olds, 7st.; 4 yrs, Sst. 71b.; 5 yrs and upwards, 9st.; mares aUowed 51b., and geldings 3ib. Any horse having run in the Derby race without being placed allowed 31b. Derby Comrse. 15 subs. Lord Chesterfield's Typee, by Touchstone, 6 yrs, Sst. 91b. Mr. T. Parr's Saucebox, 4 yrs, 8st. 71b. (ells) ... ... 2 Mr. Howard's Coroner, 3 yrs, 6st. lllb .Fordham) ... 3 Betting.-7 to 4 on I'ypee, S to 2 agst Coroner, 5 to I agst Saucebox. Won by ten lengths. Very bad third. The DuuRDANs STA}ES, of 5 soyS. each, with 30 added; for 2.yr.olds and upwards. Optional selling weights. Half a nmile. Mfr. Dawson's Bobby B, by Theon, 3 yrs (401.), 7st. 31b. (Bates) ... ... ... ... ,. Mr.E.R.ClarksPlausible,4yrs(401.},7st.91b. (Snowden) 2 The following also ran:- Captain Christie's Ceres, 3 yrs (401.), 6st. 121b. (T. Cliff). Mlr. Armstrong's Alcyone, 4 yrs (60i.), 8st. 21b. (Sly). Mr. Hussey's Persia, 3 yrs (401.), Gst. 121b. (Miles. Mr. Stevens's Unexected, 3 yrs (40M.), 7st. 31b. (Prior). 1r. B. E. Cooper'sTheCzar, 3 yrs (40L.), 7st. 3ib. (Chariton). Mr. Edwards's Little John, 2 yrs (401.), 5st. Sib. (carried 5st. nb.) (Fordham). Mr. Samwell's Usurer, 4 yrs (40!.), Sat. (Kendall). Mr. E. Day's Gray Dawn, 2yrs (401.), 5st. (carried 5st. 21b., (Hfibberd). Mr. eHellish's Ariel, 3 yrs (401.), 7st. (Quinton). Betting-6 to 4 agst Ceres. 5 to lhagst Axiel, 6 to I agst Little John, 8 to l each agst The Czar and Bobby B, 10 to 1 agst any other offered. Bobby B made strong running, followed by Plausible, who made a vigorous effort to catch him, but could not quite got -up, and was at last beaten by a bead. Usurer, Persia, teres, Ariel, and Unexpected finished about three lengthz behind the second. The -winner Was sold for 100 guineas.
DINT1TER T0 TEHE JUDGES ATP THE 31A2TSIOAST-HOUSE. Last night the Lord Mayor and Lady Mayoress enter. tained Her Majesty's judges and many distinguished members of the bar at the Mansion-house, where a sumptuous banquet was provided by lesrs.- Staples. Among the company were- Lord Campbell and Lady Stratheclen, tbe Lard Chieef Justice and Lady Jervis, the Chief Baron and Lady Pollock-, the Lord Justice and Lady Tnrner, Vice-Chancellor and Lady Kinderslcy, Vice-Chancellor and lady Stuart, Mr. Justice and Lady Wightman, Mr. Justice anid Lady Erle, Mfr. Justice Vaughan, Mr. Justice Crowder, Baron and Lady Martin, Baron and Mdiss Bramwell, the Solicitor-General and Lady Bethel, the Qaeen's Advocate, the Right Hon. Sir Edward Ryan, MIr. MEilner Gibson, M.P., and Mrs. Gibson, Mr. Nqapier, MP., Mrs. and 3Miss Napier, Mr. Commissioner Fane, Sir F. Thesiger, HLP., and Lady Thesiger, ar. Roebucl;, ILP., Mr. W. Brown, M.P., and lMrs. Brown, MTr. Collier, 3LP., and Mrs. Collier, Mr. W. Deedes, M.P., Mr. D. Jones, H.P., and Mmr. Jones, of Pantglas, Mr. Malins, H.P., Mr. Biggs Andrews, Q.C., Mr. Haward, Q.C., Mr. W. James, Q.C., and Mrs. James, Zr. Rolt, Q.C., and Mrs. Rolt, Mr. E. James, Q.C., General linollys, Colonel, Mrs., and Miss Hardinge, LieutenantColonel and MIrs. Stephens, Captain Hardinge, R.N., CaptainBicknell, Captain and Miss Jervis, Mr. and ars.P. J. Salomons, Mr. Alderman and 19xs. Eumkhery, Alderman Sir W. and L-ady MIagnay, Alderman Sir l=. Carroll, Alderman Sir James Duke, H.P., Alderman Farncomb and Miss Stone, Alderman Sir J. Musgrove, AIderman and Mrs. Sidney, Alderman Sir F. G. Moon and Lady Moon, Right Hon. J. S. Wortley, HLP., Q.C., Recorder of London, and the Hon. Mrs. S. Wortley, Alderman Cabitt, M.P., Alderman Sir H. and Llady Muggeridge, Alderman and Sheriff and Mrs. H. Kennedy, Alderman and Sheriff Rose, Alderman Lawrence, the Rev. Dr. M.ortimer, D.D., Mr. and Mrs. Goldsmid, and Mrs. Salomons, &c. After the usual loyal toasts had been proposed and received with the accustomed honours, The LoRD RMAyot gave the toast of the "Army and Navy," which was acknowledged by General KEoLLns on the part of the army, and by Captain HAnDDzan, R.N., for the navy. The LORD MAYon then said that he had that day the honour of entertaining the Lord Chief Justice of England, the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, and many ether judges of the land. He believed that no individuals in this country stood higher in public estimation, or were regarded with g,reaterrespect and veneration, than the judges. (Hear, hear.) Their learning, their imopartiality, and their independence were the objects of just admiration. He need scarcely rercind those whom he addressed of a trial, involving most'umportant public interests, which had just been concluded, and wshich had been conducted under the presidency of the Lard Chief Justice, assisted by two. other learned judges. That trial had been of extraordinary length, and it had occasioned unusual excitement, for dorm" its progress statesmen, peers, judges, and ambassadors haa been present, but the law had been administered in the face of the English people. He thought he might venture to congratulate the Lord Chief Justice on the patience, learning, and impartiality exhibited in the course of that trial, which he felt assured had been conducted in a manner most satisfactory to the publc. Lard CAsrrBEaL, in returning thanks, ssaid that, although he was called upon to perform very arduous duties, the best rewvard a udge could receive for his anxiety and exertions was the approbation of his fellow-citizens. The LordMayor had referred to a recent trial at which he (Lord Campbell) bad presided. He had in that case endeavoured to dischargae his duty, and be hoped he had done so. He would, however, say *that if the auty had devolved upon any of his brother judges they would have devoted equal attention to the performance of their duties, and would have merited and received the thanes of the p Eblc. nHe hoped the hospitality for wheich the corporation of London was famed would lung be continued, for, although that corporation m ight-and undoubtedly did-require some reformation, such refonn would only render it the mreno vigorous, and woul enable it to discharge with stL greater efficiency the duties which devolved upon it Tl'he hoar MheAyOR gave "The Vice-Chancellor of England and the Equity Judges," which s responded to by Lord Justice Turner. The LODn woyul next gave the aInyith of nr. Dallas, tbe American Minister, edpressing his regret that that gientleman was prevented from being present in c1onsequlence of his having been engaged in an interviewr with lord Clarendon until late in the day, although ho (the Lard. MTayor) had the pleasure of saying that 3Irs. villas was among his guests. (Hiear.) He was sure those whom he was addressing would deeply repet any interruption of the good understanding 'whic axd hi2ert eerssd betwleen thin country and the States on the opposite side o>f the Atlantic. (Hear, hear.) Be was convinc4 it was the wish of every Englishman that any differenct which now existed between the two nations might speediDl be arranged, and that a tho. rougly good understanding soulad be established. (Hear.) The toast, which was cordially received, was briefly arknovwledged lty Mr. Dallas, Sun. Lord Chief Justice JEuVEs, im proposing the " Health of the Loid Mayor," said that that gentleman, it was evident, faly possessed the confidence of his fellow-citizens, and he was ladably ambitious of a seat in the Legislature. It Was ne.'s for him (Sir J. Jervis), in the position he occupied, to 'express his personal feelings upon a question of that nature, but he could not forget that the Lord Mayor haa becn returned as the representative in Parliament of a great annd intelligent metropolitan constituency, andthat he hadretired from the position in which he had ben placed in order that he might not embarrass the cause in which he took a deel interest. He (Sir J. Jervis) believed, however, the genera desire of those present was that the Lard Mayor mighlt - matelysucceedinattainingthatobjectofhisambiton. (Hear.) The LoRD Xn Aor. returned thanks.Br Among the subsequent toasts were-" The Equity Ba.," acioweded y heSolciorGenra; The Common law Bar," respoonded tvo by Mlr. B. Andrew "The Health of "sThe House ofCommnons," for whQii Xfr, Nayer, M.P retur;ed thanks,
31ONEY-AtABKETandCITY .NTBLLIGENCE. Wedneady Evening. Tne English funds opened ateadily this morning at the prices of yesterday, and in the afternoonex4 perienceda furtherimprovement. Consolsformoney were first quoted 941 to i, and soon manifested an upward movement, which would have been nmore rapid but for the fact that-numerous limits to sell at 95 were in the hands of the brokers, which kept the m3arket for some time in cheek. The whole of these orders,jhowever, were eventually executed, and shortly afterwards there were buyers at 95k, but the supply of stock proved to have been too great for immediate absorption, and a reaction occurred to 941 to 95, which was the last price for money and the 4th of June. For the account on the 10th of July the latest transactions were at 95' (or 94k ex: div.). The scrip of the new loan leit off at 2& to § premium. Bank Stock, 216 to 217; Reduced, 932 to j; New Three per Cents., 94; India Stock, 233 to 236; India-bonds, 4s. discount to par; Exchequer-bonds, 98i to 7 ; and Exchequer-bills (March) Is. to 4s. promium, (June) a& disc-Junt to par. In the Stock Exchange this morning money was offered at very low rates until Friday, but, as nearly a milion will then become due at the Bank on account of advances recently obtained for deposits on the loan, there wil! be an indisposition to part -with it for extended periods till the effect of that repaymnent shall have been ascertained. -The Stock Exchange will be open to-morrow from 10 till 2, although very little business is expected to be transacted either at that establishment or throughout the city. A reduction of the Bank rate of discount to 5 per cent. may now be expected on any Thursday, but the impression is that it will be delayed till next week. Foreign stocks have been generally firm, and the market was well supported to the close. The only exception was Mexican, which showed symptoms of business, sales having taken place at a slight decline. lTurkish Six per Cents. were negotiated at 99 and 992 ; and the Four per Cents. Guaranteed at 103'and J. In Mexican the transactions were at 23g for money, and 23-k, i, and A for the account. The other operations comprised-Grenada New Active, 18 ; the Deferred, 7; Peruvian Three per Cents., for the account, 55; Russian Five per Cents., 1061 and 107; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 96f; Spanish Three per Cents., 461 for money, and 47 for the account; the New Deferred, 25 ; Venezuela, 29; the Deferred, 12 ; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 641; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 94-. There was scarcely any business in the cornmarket this morning, and prices renmained without change, although the tendency is towards weakness. The final quotations of the French Three per Centa. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 75f. 5c. for money, and 75f. 20c. for the account, showingr a fractional decline. AtAmsterdam and Viennathe markets remain inactive. The shipping returns of the Board of Trade for the month ending the 30th of April have just been issued, and indicate an increase in the freight business corresponding with the large augmentation presented in the returnss analyzed yesterday of the declared value of our exportations. Subjoined are the general figures:t Entered inward WVith regard to the coasting trade the tonnage entered inward was 1,060,821 tons in April, 1854; in 1855 it was 1,028,357, and in the present return it is 1,036,261, including 21 foreign vessels of an aggregate burden of 2,477 tons. The clearances outward were 1,127,208 in April, 1854; 1,087,478 ia 1855; and 1,100,153 (including 1,625 tons of foreign), in 1856. The proportion of foreign vessels employed is still shown to be extremely small and without any tendency to increase, thus falsifying to the last point all the predictions of the opponents of free navigation. The Excise statements for the first quarter of the present year have also been issued. The following table exhibits the quantities of the several articles charged with duty in the united kingdom during that period as compared with the corresponding ihree months of 1855. Malt exhibits a decrease, owing to its having been made duty free for distilling purposes since August last. Paper, which in the corresponding quarter of last year presented a great falling off, has fully recovered its former total. Spirits likewise show an increase, although the total is considerably below that of the first quarter of 1854. The attempt to manufacture sugar at home seems not to have been altogether abandoned, as it reappears as a small item in the present return:- EXCISE.-FIRST THREE MoNTmS oF 1856. At an annua1ineetingc of the National Bank to-day, R TAr. F. Newsam presiding, a dividend was declared act the rate of 6 per cent. per annum, together with a bonus of 10s. per share, and the report was agreed to. The business of the establishment is progressively increasing, from the extension of connexions in London as well as in Ireland. New branches have been opened at Carlow and. Roscrea to fill vacancies from the failure of the Tipperary JointStock Bank, which it is stated promise to be successful. Annexed is an abstract of the report:- " in pursuance of a resolution passed at the last annua general assembly of the proprietors a special general meeting w as held in October Last for the purpose of modlifying the name of the bank so as to facilitate an extension of its business in London; and a motion having been unanimously carried, that on and after the 1st of January last the narce should be altered from the National Bank of Ireland to that of the National Bank-, the directors have now the -Tleasore of meeting the shareholders for the first time uinder that designation. The directors are happy that their present :ereoit should ir no way differ from those for some years past in regard to the evidence it affords of the increasing prosperity of Ireland. The last harvest, though on a -whole not above an average, has proved from the high yprices obtained unusualy profitable for the agriculturists. 'otatoes and green crops were generallv parEcularly pro. auctive, and butter, and hive stock of every description, have tbroughout the year commanded very remunerative rates, so that all classes have been greatly benefitted, and contentment has reigned throughout the country. This prosperous state of affairs has necessarily tended to increase thte security of banking business in Ireland, and under such circumstances the National Bank bas continued to afford to its customers every accommodation consistent with the rincples of sound banking, not stimulating overtradinu y gtving an exce of credit, nor withholding asEsitance when a legitimate extension of business made if requisite. The result has been that the bank in return has obtained a continuous increasing confidence on the part of the public, and a large addition has again been made to its deposits. The failure of the Tipperary Joint-Stock Bank has induced the directors to open branches at Carlow and }Iscrea, which have been received so favourably that it is confideutly hoped they will afibrd a profitable accession to the present business. With reference to the London bankirg busine-s, it is satisfactory to be able to state tlhat, not'withstanding the many new joint-stock banks lately esttblished, the National Bank has gradually extended its connexions in London, and has afforded, through the medium of its various branches in Ireland, increased facilities to the public. It is gratifying to the directors to find that their anticipations of the advantages accruing fionm this branch of their business have been fully realized. The result of the entire transactions of the bank for the past year is shown by the following accounts. " The profit and loss account now stands as follows *Undivided profits at December, 1854 ...... £40,826 4 5 Xet profits for the year 1855, after payin7' incomo tar, writing off all had debts wand prov iding for doubtful ones .................. ... 52,656 4 4 3)educt half-year's dividend to Mid- 93,482 8 9 s.ifaner, 175 . 13,50 Ditto, Christmas, 1855 ... 13,500' - 27,0OO000 Leaving a total reserve fund OR the _ _ 3}st of December, 1855, of ... 66,482 8 9 AssE:rs. 3Bullioii, Government stock, Exchequer- bills, debentures, cash in hand and at Bank of England ... ... * - *1,818,102 4 3 BEL- discounted, loans and advances on current accounts ... ... ... ... 2,579,389 10 1 Esjk uremises-London, Dublin, and biancges ...4... ... ... *- 348 9 3 4,431,880 3 7 Paid-up capital-London stock £450,000 0 0 ,, Localstock 21,197 10 0 Circulation ... ...I ... . . ... 1,209778 0 0 , Due by the bank on depocit receipts, cur- I rent accounts, &c 2,.......... ... .681,297 18 3 ! Insurance fund * -.... 3,124 6 T jReservefund . ... 66,482 8 9 £4,431,880 3 7 This aadition to the reserv~e fund, 'when considered 'in connexion witha, continued expansion of the means and increae in the profta of the bank, will, the directors consider, justify them in paying, in July next, with the usual dividend of 6 percent., a. bonus of los. a share, and theyhave every reason to believe that this will not unduly interfere with their fixed purpose of augmenting the reserve fund from year to year till it reacnes that limit which must; under any circumlstances; in sure the dividend of 6 per cent. being permanent."e At a meeting of the Oriental (las Company held to-day, Captain Barber in the chair, the report and accounts were unanimously adopted. It was stated that the whole of the new capital has been subscribed, and that the directors have made arrangements for the extension of gas-lighting, public and private, throuighout Calcutta. The works are being steadily conducted under the superintendence of the European staff; and, although some delay has taken place in the transport of machinery, the loss of two vessels having rendered it necessary to remanufacture a portion, no pecuniary sacrifice will be incuured. The progress of the undertaking induces a belief that Calcutta will be lighted with, gas before the close of the year. The experimental apparatus sent out has been found to act effectively, and the coal of the country has been used with success. On the occasion of the Dalhousie Farewell Ball the introduction of gas is stated to have excited considerable attention.
FATAL RAILWAY ACCIDENT. Yesterday a deplorable accident, in connexion with the Derby race, occurred at the London-bridge terminus of the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway, by which Mr. Charles Garnar, a zineworker, carrying on busines3 in Queen-street, Cheapside, and residing at No. 2, Royal-hill, Greenwich, lost his life in a shocking manner. As usual on a Derby-day, the number of persons travelling by the company's line to Epsom was very great, and betweenl10 and 12 o'clock especially the demand for railway accommodation was almost overwhelming. AU the resources of the company were called into requisition, and they despatched train after train to the Downs at the shortest possible intervals consistently with a due regard to the safety of the public. The gates guarding the entrance to the platform were opened for a few minutes before the departure of each train, and as many of the dense mass of peoplo wlho stood outside were allowed to pass at a time as, at a guess, would fill the carriages. Bat it frequently happened that the train was not large enough toaccommodate the whole of the people admitted at the gates, and those who could not obtain seats had to remain on the platform until another train was ready to convey them to their destination. The num. ber so left was always augmented by persons, in defiance Of all order and regulation and at imminent risk to their own lives, gaining access to the platform by some underhand way, involving the crossing of lines along which trains were continually passing. Policemen would appear to have been placed at the most accessible points of the station to prevent admission to the platform by any other than the legitimate entrance, but they were completely borne down by the impatience of the crowd. The deceased and a friend were, among some 40 or 50 persons, left behind on the platform after the departure of a train. The train bywhich they were about to travel was being run into the station shortly before 12 o'clock to take up its freight of passengers, when the crowd on the platform, in their eagerness to take possession of it, caught hold of the door-handles and windows and followed it as it ran in. By this act of temerity the deceased forfeited his life. While the train was in motion he grasped the handle of a carriage door, in the struggle for places, but, losing his hold, he fell or was drawn in between the train and the platform, and fearfully crushed and lacerated. He was taken on a stretcher to Guy's Hospital, in the immediate vicinity of the station, where Mr. Valentine, the house surgeon, and Mr. Skinner, another professional gentleman connected with the establishment, promptly attended him. Among other injuries lie was found to have sustained a comminuted fracture of the left thigh, together with a severe laceration exposing the muscles of the leg from the shin nearly to the hip, a compound fracture of the right elbow joint, severe scalp w ounds, and a fracture of the upper jaw. He died shortly before 3 o'clock, retaining his consciousness to the last. His brother, wlhom he was able to recognize, arrived shortly before his death. Others of his relatives, in a state of great grief, came also to the hospital in the course of the afternoon to see him. The calamity was immediately attributable to the haste vith which the crowd on such occasions, at all hazards, rush into the carriages, in spite of the warning and entreaty of the railway servants. Five minutes after the accident another lot of people, many of whom must have heard of it or seen it, were seen doing precisely the same thing, but fortunately with no such melancholy result. The arrangements of the railway company seemed to be snfficient to guard against casualties, had the people themselves exercised the most ordinary discretion. But as this is not the first accident, we believe, which has happened on a similar occasion and from the same cause, it might be as well for the executive officers of the company to consider whether by some infinitely more stringent regulations they could not effectually counteract this reckless disposition of the crowd to rush to destruction.
LOCAL DUES. TO THI EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-What is privateering? The corporation'of Liverpool possess a letter of marque, issued in the dark times of ship money, and, in peace or war, levy their contributions on the property alike of friends and enemies-on everything that enters or leaves their " port," by which is designated an extent of coast from 20 to 30 miles on each side. There is not the excitement of the chase or the manliness of the fight; their victims are led by the necessities of traffic within their capacious maw, and are then plundered according to the formula of Charles L, with the superadded additions derived from more modem exploits in the same line. Probably they would prefer being called land-sharks to privateers, as none but a Derby Ministry would now be lik-ely to countenance the latter; still, there are some examples of the former which they might beneficially follow-those, for instance, who teok from the rich to give to the poor, or, at least, professed to do so. Certainly, they assure us that they take only " trifles"-what no one can feel the loss of, and if they do feel it, why do they voluntarily continue-to come into what they claim as their own net? Has not traffic increased within it? and who will deny that it has been lured there by the town dues ? The simple country girl, had up before her elders, pleaded in extenuation that her illegitimate child was "only such a little one." Now, the "little ones" of the corporation are said to amount to 150,0001. a-year, and have to be provided for by the trade of half a kingdom, and this is sought to be justified by the fact that no one has been found to say the burden is more than he can bear; yet it is exacted according to the most approved mode of "stand and deliver ;, not only arc there receivers, check clerks, and inspectors employed, but the authority of Government itself is subsidized, and the officers of the Custom-house paid for their services as detectives of the towvn dues force. With arefinement of crueltyalso, worthy the corporation of Liverpool, each individual who intends putting a package on board a vessel in the port, or who receives one, must present a written description of it to the several clerks of the constituted authorities for these local exactions, and he must go through the same routine in compliance with the regulations of the dock trustees ; all this in addition to the ordinary Custom-house entry. Formerly the ship's manifest or a list of the cargo by each vessel sufficed, and the dues were paid on the whole in one sum and by one operation, and as those who paid them had to collect freight from each individual, they collected the dues at the same time, from each his proportion; but this method was fournd not to be sufficiently cumbersome, and did not afford sufficient em| ployment; a remedy was therefore adopted which is some- 'what similar to a regulation by which every wholesale house in london which sends goods by a railway train must also Fend a clerk tothe Camden-town station, each with a written description of the property, to be exhibited to the several officers of the company, and certain dues, the amount of which is then heard of probably for the first time, paid. If a reasonis asked forall this, he is told it is for the purpose of !keeping up an embankment on the line; but should he inquire further he will discover that such embanlkient has been most shamefully neglected. So much for the Liverpool town dues, and the conservancy of the river. I I am- vs. ntf,,v vnnr nhoxiint CPlWI X. I Liverpool, May 27.
RAILWAY AND MIrNNG SHRES. - - - Wednesdy ETening. The railway-market was buoyant and an increased business was trausacted at improved quotations. In some cases the advanoe ranged from los. to 15s. per share. Scinde, Madras, and other Indian shares were purchased at higher prices, while French de. scriptions were also in demand. Transactions took place in Australian agricultural at 31 and 31A, and they left off 31to 33. Some of the Australiai bank shares exhibited greater firnmess. In miscellaneous securities there were few operations. Bank of ]gypt closed . to i pm.; Ottoman Bank 3 to 1 pm.; Western of London; 5 to 4discount; London and Paris, 3i to 2i discount; National Discount Company, i to'discount; Alliance Bsnk, 2 to I discount ; Lmbardo-Venetan, 6k to § pm.; and Riga Railway, l-l to § pm.
ESCAPE -OF FELICE ORSINI FBOM A2W AUS. I TBLANR DUNGEON. (From the Daily News.) The simple and unaffected account of his escape from the Castle of St. Georgio, Mantua, which Felice Orsini gives in the following letter, is full of the most$varied interest. The courage, resources, and self-reliauce of Orsini himself a the first things that striks the reader. Next comes the rancorous cruelty of the Austrian Government, as is shown by the charater of the cells in which they immure their prisoners. But the most important truth revealed by the letter is the moral isolation of the, Austrians in their Italian doainions. In descendir,g from his prison window Orsini injured one of his feet so ieverely that he was lamed. Day dawned, and the streets became filled with pissengers before he could emerge from the castle ditch. There could be no doubt that he was 'aprisoner broke loose. Yet the easual' passers-by did not hesitate-to help him out of'the ditch, and allow him to go his way unchallenged. From Mantua till he gained the frontier wasa journey of eight days. Stran-: gers befriended and concealed him-no one betrayed him. He was an enemy of the Austrian-that was sufficient recommendation to hospitality and protection. The Austrians, it is clear, are surrounded by a population who detest them. Among these enemies are mnen like Orsini, who can work their way out of dungeons in which men of ordinarymould would have abandoned themselves to despair, and whose first use of their regained liberty is to renew the internecine struggle with their hated tyrants. Against such adversaries no combination of police spies and military mercenaries can permanently prevaiL "Dear Friend,-I have already written to you that I am free; now 1 will give-you the particulars of my escape, the details of which have been surrounded by party journalism with uncertainty and falsehood. I was arrested at Her. mannstadt, inTransylvania, on the 17th of December, 1854, submitted to a long examination, and conveyed heavily chained in a cart to Vienna on the 5th of January. There 'I underwent three long examinations from the police autho. rities. They knew my real name, caused my portrait to be taken, and handed me over in charge to the criminal tribunal. I did not find that my late journeys in Lombardy told especially against me, but my whole antecedents since 1844 were known, and my 'constantlv manifested hatred to Austria was of great injury to me. They knew everything concerning me. The Austrian police and her higher authorities receive reports from all the other Governments of Italy, as well as from- their own military commanders of the Italian provinces, concerning all the individuals in any way politically compromised. They were, however, unable to condemn me leggally, so they informed me that I should again be put into the hands of the police, and confined in some fortress, and that the duration of my imprisonment would depend upon the peaceful or stormy course of events in the political world, and upon the total inertia of the revolutionists. Such is the name by which they qualify alI who either attempt political reforms or seek the national independence. "' On the 25th of March I was sent in charge of two gendarmes and a superior police officer to Mantua, where I was again examined byBaron Sanches. I then learnt that the documents relating to the poltical mission I had fulfilled in Milan in 1854 had fallen into the hands of the Austrian Government when the Milanese committee was arrested, and that I was doomed to die on the scaffold. In Mantua I was examined at least 20 times. " On reaching Mantua, we stopped in the large courtyard of the castle of St. (Georgio. On each of the four sides is a tower, and the castle is surrounded bya ditch seven or eight yards wide and six deep. On the side near the bridge of St. Georgio is an arched way passing lunder the street which leads from the bridge to the city. By means of this arcade, when the waters of the lake are high, the ditch round the castle is filled with water. - The whole is strongly guarded on allsides by a large-detachment of troops with artillery. "At the time of my escape, orders were given that aU ingress and egress should be forbidden between the hours of 8p.m. and5 am.: - " When political trials are going on, the prisoners most jealously guarded- by Austria are always sent to the Castle of St. Georgio, and after the revolution of 18 an express order was sent from Vienna that 'the fortress should be exelusively used for the detention of political prisoners. The secret cells are in the upper story, and in the lower story are kept the'archives of the city of Mantua. All the cels except Nos. 1.2 and 7 have at the windows two rows of thick iron bars, about a yard apart (which will give you an idea of the thickness of the walls), and outside the outer row is a thick grating of iron wire. The 'worst cells are Wos. 3 and 4. No 4, the smaller of the two, is the one from which I escaped. It is about six paces long, and rather more than three broad. The cells 2, 3, and 4 open into a corridor guarded by eight soldiers, changed every 24 hours. There is a sentinel posted at the single door which leads to all the prisons, and the others -watch the doors of the cells. At night all these regulations are even more rigorously enforced, and there is a special sentinel for the cells 2, 3, and 4, who hears the slightest noise, and reports it to the keepers, who sleep in a little room opening out of the corridor which leads to Nos. 2, 3, and 4. This room has two doors, and every night the door leading 'to the court-yard is shut, and the inner door is always closed, and has a sentinel posted on the inside. In the daytime there are three keepers charged with the surveillance and service of the prisoners. These are changed at S o'clock every morning. One of these is responsible for the prisoners, takes them their food, and makes the daily and nightly visits, when he alone enters the cells, another meanwhile guardins the door with a chain. This last has charge of the keys of the upper and outer door, which is, as I told you, also guarded by a sentineL No one can enter or leave the castle without his special knowledge and permission. Each of these various officers is bound t; keep watch that the others do their duty, and has a separate responsibility in case of the escape of any prisoner. Besides all these, there is the cape custode, who has the surveilUance over the whole, sleeps in the castle, governs and orders all, and has under him the corporal and aU the men of the guard. In the night time he keeps all the keys, and the eeper has to apply to him for them, in order to make his nightly visits to the cells. " The day visits are made at 6, 8, 10, 12, 2, 4, and 6 o'clock; the nightvisits, at half-past 9 and half-past 1. They then examine the state of the irons of the windows, the wails, &c. In the intervals of the regular visits the keeper comes in and out at all hours, so that the poor prisoner has never a moment of quiet. "From these details you can see the impossibility of escaping even with the help of one guard-at least three wod ave to be in the secret, and even then false keys would be necessary, as the keys are aU kept by the capo custode; and once out one would find oneself in the mlidst of Mantua, as the castle has only one entrance, which leads into the city. There is, therefore, no other mode of escape than the one I took-, of letting myself down from the heigat of 30 yards into the ditch., Bnt how did I contrive this escape? By patience, and the firm determination to attempt and endure anything in order to free myself to work again every possible injury in my power to the detested Austrians. Animated by this hatred to Austria, I assumed a new character, and, after seven months of solitary and niost rigorous confinement, during which I was never allowed a light, or even a glass to take the medicine necessary for my fever, I contrived, by my quiet and uncomplaining conduct, to make the guards so satisfied with me that they ceased to tak-e the trouble to examine the bars of my windows. I had obtained six little saws of the very finest steel, but how I had obtained them the Austriau Government wil never know. If poor Colonel Calvi, who was confined in cell No. 2, and with whom I had kept up s correspondence of signs through the wall, had not been so soon exeguted, he and I should have escaped together from the castle. I-had once asked the capo custode, a German, if he thought the sentence of death recorded agAinst me would be put in execution. He answered, he should be sorry to awak-en illusive hopes-perhaps no, perhaps yes-and that was all. "A About the end of January I' was put into cel No. .4, the worst in the castle, aud I almost despaired of ever being able to escape froni it; the window was more than two yards from the ground, and to work at it I was obliged to stand on .the back of my chair. The rows of iron bars were a yard apart; the .outside grating being 1-10th of the distance beyond. The bars were extremely thick, etnecialy the inside ones, and the height from the window to the level of the ditch was 30 yards-I myself measured it with a strmi. cc could not work at night, because the noise of the saws, though very slight, would have been heard by the sentinel, who, after the half-past 9 o'clock visit, came every five minutes to tho door. I worked therefore in the day-time, and myearlhadbecome soaccustomed to thestep of the sentinel that before he opened the door I always contrived to get down and put my chair in its place, and sometimes I would be walking up and down humming. I covered over the marks of my work with brick-powder mixed with black was and bread. * By thus working in the day-time in the intervals of the visits, in- 24 days i had cut away seven of the outside bars and-oneof the inside ones, where they were fixed into the wall, and from the wall I had extracted eight bricks, which Ibd in the straw of mv mattress. As for the cord, I had thought of that before. ()n the 1st of February I kept back,' withciut their knowing, the sheets that I ought to 'have sent away to the wash, and on the Ist of Mlarch I kept back -the towels, which rwere as wide as the -neets anc a little longer, and by cutting these into strips I was able, on the 27th of March, to make my cord, fastening it with sailor's knots. I let it down into the ditch to try its length, and found it even longer than necessary. The 28th and 29th Ipassed ingreat fear of discovery, being more thanusaally persecuted by the attentions of the sentinel, so that I could not'attempt my escape. I therefore pretended during those two days to be ill, and did not rise from my bed, for fear theymight chance to examine my straw mattress. They had ceased, in my case; to -examine the bars. At half-pa3t '9 o'clock on the evening of the 29th, at the usual visit from the capo-cutode, I pretended to be asleep; but the moment* they srere gone, and while they were going the round of the; othervisits, and so iniking some noise, rapidly removedI the iron 'bars I had cut-°made up two little bundleg of necessary clothing-fastened the cord to one of the remain- ing bars, let it down all its length, hid the bars I had re-: moved in the straw, and then lay still again till the second. visit at half-past 1lo'lock. I again pretended to be asleep, and the instant they were gone I rose, and quite calmly proceededto let myself down by the cord. hen within Gfeet from the ground I felt I could no longer sustain myself. I looked iat the depth below me, and let myself drop. A sort of swooncame overme. I howevermioistened mymouth witha;u orange I had had the precaution to haveupon ine, and lay for some moments quiet, to recover myself. I then dressedmyself andwanderedround andround the castle, seekingsomemeans to get out of the ditch, but I bad so hurt my foot in the fall that I could scarcelywalk. Ihopedtoescape from the ditch-into the lake, but the entrance to the lakewas barred by a grating. I then endeavoured, with the help of two nails, to scale the wall of the ditch. about 6ft. high, and had almost'reached'the top when the foot I had hurt *failed me, and T fell to the bottom. Fortunately there had latelybeen a littlewater in the ditch, and the soft mud prevented the sentinels hearing the noise of my falL I remained there in the dread of being retaken till 5 o'clook ia the moring, when the city gates were opened, and then some people went by. I called to them, saingthat the night before I had been drnk and fallen into -th ditch, and begged them, to help me out. Somerefused,. but at last some bolder ones helped me, and I was dra&.ed out with much difficulty, a3 I could scarcely help myseiE.- Ily hands were cut in many places. I was very li.me, -atid covered with the mud of the ditch abore the waist, vet u that condition I had to cross the Ibridge within gnMusI of > the castle. What happened after that I mnust not tell. :u3 eight-days I was i Switzerland, and able for the first tima' to attend to my foot. What theAstrins would have doiw or given to get me Again -you can imagine. Police circaBii:folloWed circular, and telegraphic despatch followed tehie-: graphic despatch. Allletters were indiscriminately stope nd opened at the poet-office, *ad perquisitionsm =2e m every part of Mantun, but this did not prevent the citizensfrom openly rejoicing over my escape. We shall low soon' m eet. ,1SS6." " FELICE O RINL - "3Iay 20,1856."p
THE wAs7rZr TO1 HO.vfICiDE. (Erom the NeZ York 'inma.) Although the different accounts which have been ub-- lshed of the shocking affair at Wioirc's Hotel, infash ington, on Thursday, which resulted in the death of one ofthe waiters of the house, differ essentially in some parti; culars, they all agree in the main as to the cause of the difficulty, and represent Mr. Herbert as having provoked thhi attack on him which ended so fataUy. Of this thera appears to be no question; but, whatever provocations jej may have had, he vwas precluded, bv the difference iistation between himself and the waiter, from resentin. it; personally. By attempting to quarrel with a servant~ of~ the house, he put himself upon a level with him, and, in giving a blowv, he must have expected that itvwould bereturned. A\ man is not supposed to be wrholly destitute. of human feeLings because he as a wvaiter in an hoteL. Any: act of insolence or inattention should have been reported to the proprietor of the establishment, wvho is the onlyresponsi.- blo person knowzn to a guest. It seenms that llir. Herherye, wrho, though a member of Congress from Cslifornia,formerly lived inAlabama, demanded his breakfast at.ai hour wvhen the servants were not allowred to serve it w.itnout an order from the office; and, on beinB informed of this; rule, he abused the servants about hin, struck at one oEthem, who attempted to strike back, and so a row ensued, during which MIr. Herbert drewv a pistol from his pocket and shot the man lXeating in the breast, causing his almost instant death. It is alleged by the friends of r. Herbert that he shot the mau in self-defence and to savebisownvlife; but it must not be forgotten that the attack upon him was provoked by himself; he knowing that hehad the deidly instrumuent in his pocket, upon wrhich he could rely at anextremuity, 'while his antagonist ws unarmed. Ca it bhe excpected that hotel servants will, hereafter, ventnre to wait: upon gentlemen under such disadrantages, v.ith no bettermeans of defence than a chance plate or chair? If the guests. at publichouses go to the breakifast and dinner table 'with~ revolvers in their pockets, the wraiters will find it necessary to imtate the example, and some choleric gentleman may one of these days find the muzzle of a revolver at his own breast before he has time to draw his owvn wveapon from his: pocket. Whatever may be the result of this deplorable homiclde by a member of Congress, so far as he is concerned, it is to1 be hoped that the revolting tragedy will have a wrholesome. effect upon the minds of other members, in teaching themthe danger and the disgraceful consequences of wearing firearms and concealed weapous of destruction. It is to-the last degree cowrardly and dishonourable for a man to provol;e, a quarrel, relying upon a concealed weapon for defence. If. the state of society in Washington is such as to render it~ unsafe for a gentleman to venture into the capitol, or to go: into Pennsylvania-avenue without some means of defending himself from the possible attack of a ruffian, let the weapon be vrorn boldly in sight; let the revolver be stuck into a- belt after the manner of a Greek pirate; or the sword, in.. stead of being hid in an innocent-lookmng cane, be wvorn at the side, in the old style; or the bowie knife be carried so' that its handle may be seen. By such honest means many a deadly feud might be prevented and many an insult avoided. Quarrels and fights may be unavoidable among equals, but, it is the extreme of brutality and cowrardEce to attack a servant wvho cannot be supposed to have any "etlemanly" weapons of defence about him, and tlierefore' must be gtreatly the inferior of his assailant.
DIVOIPCE AND MATPJAfO.YIAL CAUSES. TO THE DMITOR. OF TEE TTEMS. Sir,-I desire to acknowledge your courtesy in the pub.- lication of my letter in your impression of the 21st inst. The Lord Chancellor's imperfect and unjust bill has beeiin referred to a Select Committee of the House of Lords. According to the terms of the order this committee vwlIU inquire into " the law and practice of divorce," and con-. sider "whether any and what alterations it will be proper and just to make in the said bill." I have full confidence in the sincerity of "the professions -with which the pro.-. position was accompanied;" and I believe implicitlj "that Lord Lyndhurst really contemplates the placing of the law of husband and wife once for al on a reasonable anc creditable basis." The injustice and partiality of the bill introddced by Lord Cranworth, and now pending, hare been so ably and eloquently exposed by the noble and learned mover and seconder of the amendment for the reference to the Select Committee that it would be arrogant in me to offer any further remark on this branch of the subject. Perhaps, however, I may be permitted to point out other respects in which the bill appears to me to be defective. I take it for granted that the Select Committee will ti7ke into their consideration the four matters enumerated by Lord Lyndhurst, "with regard to which the female sex have a right to complain-with respect to property personal protection, actions for criminal conversation, and divorce." It was observed by the Lord Chancellor, in his reply, that; " The committee would be that of his nobler and learned friend." Under such guidance I am well satisfled to have the inquiry. Itcannot fail to be searching and effectuaL. By the fourth section of Lord Cranworth's bill, it is proposedto be enacted, that, "Any decree or order of any Ecclesiastical Court of competent jurisdiction, vwhich shall have been made before this act comes into operation, in any cause or matter matrimonial, may be enforced or other. wise dealt with by the Court of Divorce, hereinafter mentioned, in the same way as if it had been originally made by the said Court under this act." A paper prepared and delivered by :Nr. Shephard, the deputy-registrar of the Consistory Court of London, to the commissioners appointed by Her M1ajesty to inquire into the law of divorce, contains a list of 54 causes of divorce, determined in that court in the six years-1845 to 1S50-of which 39 (decrees for divorce having been pronounced) were' not carried to the House of Lords; and, in his evidence before the commissioners, 31r. Shephard said, "The annual number would average from 12 to 15." It may perhaps be assumed that since 1S50 there has been an equal number determined in the same court. 13 of the above-mentioned causes of divorce were carried to the House of Lords-a tolerable proof that all matrimonial proceedings are insti' tutedby persons in the higher and middle classes of society, and, therefore, an argument for simplifying, facilitating,. and rendering less expensive a11 such proceedings. It further appears, by a return made to an address of the House of Commons, dated the Sth of March, 1844, that the average annual number of matrimonial suits in England and Wales was, at that time, about 40. It may not be unreasonable to suppose that a large proportion of the causes, promoted by the husband, contained in Mr. Shephard's list, were not carried to the House of Lords by reason of the great expense incident to pro; ceedimgs of this nature in Parliament. If the Lord Chancellor's bill were to pass in its presentform, I do not observe in it any clause which would facilitate the object of a husband having so obtained a divorce in the Ecclesiastical Court. He would, as it appears to me, have to com-menoe his suit in the proposed court of divorce de noro, by presenting a petition, preying that his marriage might be dis solved, under the 17th and subsequent sections. Such a husband would therefore be in a worse position than a nan. whose domestic happiness was destroyed yesterday. From the character and station in life of the witnesses usually examined in these cases, to prove the fact of adal-I tery, it is improbable that, after the lapse of years, e' husband, having obtained a sentence of divorce a cnsid cq thoro, and seeking to avail himself of the provisions of Lord Cranworth's bill, would be able to produce the evidence afresh; and, having been nrevented by the state of the lawp from proceeding to obtain a dissolution of his marriage, it seems to be equitable that such cases should be now considered. A husband so circumstanced has effected a legal separation from an adulterous wnie only. In the event of her surviving him she is still dowerable of his landsand if he die also intestate, she is still entitled to her thirds in his Iersonal estate. He has not taken any other proceedings, because he could not afford to pay the expense; and he has, therefore, beeri compelled to live in celibacy, if not in concubinage, ever since. Iit be right, now, to enable a husband, by a general law, to originate a suit in the proposed Court of 1)ivorce. in order to obtain a decree for the dissolution of his marriage on the ground of the adultery of his wife, it seems to be no more than just that the bill now pending should empower the COUrt to decree the dissolution of a marriage, on due consideration of the evidence of dultery recorded in the Ecclesiastical Cort, and on being satisfied that the peti. -tioner is unable, in consequence of the death of witnesses, or of their not being discoverable and producdble, to prove -his case over ain by the repetition of their testimony. Hf, Sir, the rsght of a ifeto equaljustice in thelegal and Judicial dissolution of marriage on the ground of adultery be recogsuzeo, I can discover no reason for her exclusion. from the remedial enactment hinch I have ventured to suggest. MBt. Shephard's list of causes of divore abovereferred to shows that during the period to which it extends 18 sentenoes were pronounced in nuits promoted by wivee. Husbands have been deterred from applying to the Legis lature, after sentence of divorce in the Ecclesiaical Cout, by inability to paY the exorbitant expenses. Wives hve been absolutely debTrred by the impossibility of Succe Neither party, having done all which the law allowed, ought to be prejudiced by the imperfect and artial state of the law hitherto in proceeding onwards, with other suitors, to the attainment of perfect justice. In order that I may not trespass on your valuable 3pce, I will postpone other remarks which have been sueted by the perusl oR Lord Cranworth's biLh I am, Sir. sour obedient zervaut. 31AF.IUS&
EXXHBITION OF THE ART TREASUBES OF THE UNiTED KINGDOM. The contemplated Fine Arts Exhibition in Man- ' chester in 1857 is exciting the liveliest interest' throughout the country. The following letter has been received by the executive committee, and numerous promises of co-operation and support have been made by the leading collectors and possessors of ancient and raodem pictures and statuary "Carlton-gardens, May 22. " Sir,-I observe in the public papers of this morning an announcement of the determination of the inhabitants of Manchester to hold an eAhibition of the art treasures of the United kingdom in the course of the ensuing year, accompanied vith a list of contributors to the necessary guarantee fund. "If the addition of nay name as a contributor to the amount of 1,0001. to this guarantee fund will be acceptable to the other subscribers, it will be a gratification to me to be associated with them on this occasion. " No man can have better reason than I have to be well assared that whatever purpose the inhabitants of Manchester deliberately undertake they will carry out efficiently upon their own responsibility and with their own resources ; and that they will repudiate, rather than welcome, the cxtraneous aid of strangers. But I trust they will not think that this principle is in any degree violated by permitting mue to co-operate with them in the present undertaking, as I can very safely assure them that nothing could be more painful to me than the supposition that the varied associations by whichjt have through life been connected with the town of MIanchester are now altogether dissolved. "I have the honourto be, Sir, " Your faithful servant, "The Mayor of Mfanchester, &c." " OVERSTONE.
METROPOLITAN IMPROVEMEXTS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Now that attention has been prominently drawn to the improvement and embellishment of this metropolis upon a scale commensurate with its magnitude, it is important to have a clear notion and definite plan of the most effective method of accomplishing this object, and we may corgratulate ourselves on having as Chief Commissioner of Publc Works a man of the bold and extended ideas which are essential to its success. In searching through the whole of this vast metropolis for a place -which can most easily and effectively be converted into its most ornamental quarter, I think no one will fail to perceive that it is the space which lies between Trafalgarsquare and the Palace of Westminster. No place could with more ease and less cost be converted into the prominent feature of the British metropolis. The situation is the most desirablethat can be for public offices, convenient of access from the city and the west, to the merchant and the gentleman, to the lawyer and the legislator. The removal of nearly all the private houses from Trafalgar-square to Westminster Palace wil not be a matter of much difficulty, and the whole space can then be converted into two magnificent rows of public buildings, lining each side of a splendid thoroughfare, commencing at Charing-cross, and vwidening out till it is bounded by the Abbey of St. Peter. A commencement has already been made in this direction. It is proposed to sweep away all the ruinous, dilapidated, and miserable houses between Downing-street and Great George-street, and to construct on their site Government offices. There is space here for the principal offices of St-ate, all having a very handsome rear front looking on to St. James's Park. Here let there be the offices of the four great Secretaries of State, and let the front facing the park be the residences of the secretaries for the four departments. What a magnificent array of buildings-the Admiralty, the Horse Guards, the Treasury, the War-office, the Rlome-office, the Colonial-office, the Foreign-office, extending from the present Admiralty to Great George-street; while above the Ardmiralty may be constructed buildings, to which the departments now at Somerset-house ought to be transferred, tihus forming one office for the entire Navy Department, and completing the west side of W7hitehall from Great George-street to Trafalgar-square ! The block of houses between King-street and Parliamentstreet ought to be removed, and their site thrown into the lgreat thoroughfare. Then, as to the east side of Whitehall, the improvements should commence from Northumberland-house and terminate at Bridge-street, and the public offices not provided for on the west side will form the grand line of offices on this side, Whitehall Palace forming the centre. The private -houses which do not interfere with the general plan -may remain as such. The houses on the south side of Bridge-street will, of course, be removed for the completion of Westminster Palace, whereby I a fine wide approach will be gained to Westminster bridge, three or four times the width of the present Bridge-street, and this approach should continue at the same increased width up to Storey's-gate; for which purpose the south side of Great George-street ought to be rebuilt (its frontage being thrown back far enough), with a fine row of buildings corresponding to the offices of the Secretaries of State on the north side. If more space for public offices was wanted the side of the Birdcage-walk between Storey's-gate and the Barracks would be well adapted for the purpose, and a line of fine buildings there ,would add to the beauty of St. James?s Park. With regard to the style of building for all these improvements, complete uniformity would he neither necessary nor desirable. More beauty would be attained by such a variety of style as would not spoil the harmony of the whole. Sir Benjamin Hall's proposal to admit the competition of continental architects would facilitate this harmonious variety One thing must not be lost sight of, and that is the National Gallery, which, as a building, is now a national disgrace. Forming the upper boundary of this plan, .and occupying one of the finest metropolitan sites in Europe, it must ultimately be rebuilt or remodelled on a suitable scale, and ought to be made into one long gallery for the pictures of the nation, with as many separate rooms behind as may be required; and the Royal Academy should be transferred to another locality. Time will be required to carry out a plan such as is here proposed; but, a plan once made, all the separate parts can be executed as opportunity offers, first, by building the new portions, which are most wanted; secondly, by improving the old; and from this quarter may branch out, as from a centre, many other metropolitan improvements of no less importance. I have a word to say as to the thoroughfare through St. Janes's Iark, which seems to me a much more simDle affair than is usually supposed. Why should not the existing gates be simply thrown open to the public, excepting those on Constitution-hill and at the Horse Guards ? and why should not the Birdeage-walk be thrown into the park by the removal of the iron railings at each end next Buckingham-gate and Storye's-gate? If new entrances into the park are required, they should be from Spring-gardens, rather than by the Duke of York's Column; and by the prolongation of Pall-mall straight past Bridge-water-house, rather than by 3arlborough-house. The privacy of Buckimgham Palace would be in no way interfered with, and Her Majesty would feel no inconvenience by this increased facility to the communication between Pall-mall and Pimlico. The permission to traverse St. James's Park will probably be extended to cabs, otherwise the utility of it will be greatly curtailed. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, LN. London, Slay 27.
TESTAMENSTARY JURISDICTION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your paper of this morning is a letter from "A Solicitor," from whlich it is evident that he does not clearly understand the main points of difference between the Governmentbill and the measure recommended by the commissioners, and substatially adopted by Sir Fitzroy Kely. Yor correspondent trusts " that the Government bill for estahlishin on court of probateinstead of several,andmaking one probate in all cases sufficient without a repetition of the expense, will not be allowed to fail ;" and he cites several cases -within his own knowledge in which second probates have become necessary in consequence of the existin state of the testamentary jurisdiction. I fully aree with him in the hardship of those cases, and I could adduce similar cases within my owin knowledge - and if it were true that this state of things could only be remedied by the adoption of the Solicitor-General's bill, I should cordially join witlh him in his advocacy of that bill-but the contrary is the fact. The bill of Sir Fitzroy Kelly (following the recommenda. tion of the commissioners) expressly provides that the place of abode (not the situation of the property) shall be the foundation of the grant, and that, when once made, no grant shall be liable to be impeached on the ground that the deceased bad not the place of abode alleged in the afridavit of the applicant: in other words, that one probate or admini-s tration shal be sufficient throughout -rgland and Wales. This pro,ision meets all such cases as are stated by your correspondent. Tne real points of difference between the two bills are, as I mentioned in a former letter, that the Solicitor-General insists upon having one office only for all grants (upwards of 25,Q-00 per annum), and that an office in London, assianijated to, and in a great degree connected with, the Court of Chancery-whereas Sir Fitzroy Kelly (again following the recommendation of the commissioners) insists upon having district offices in the country for local convenience as well as the office in London, and an entire severance from the Court of Chancery. I remain, Sir, your obedient --rv,4 A COUNTRY SOLICITOR. X.ay ;41. -. LoN-o- GENERAL OuNiBus CO-ApAy.-TRamo RcEu'2R_ Week ending Xay24 ;-4,920o. 1.5. ld,
LAW REPOBT. -O2 COURT OF CIUCERY, InzCOI:s)s'-LS,,- MIAY 28. FLIGHT V. CQudAC. (Before the LoRD CHACwLOR.) 'lhis was an appeal from an order of Vice-Chancellor Kindersley, and raised the question whether a mortgagee of a life estate had a riolht to certain portions of the rents of such life estate whicl had been paid away by direction of the mortgagor. It appeared that Colonel Camac, the mortgagor, remained in possession of the life estate after mortgaging it to a large amount, and previous to the year 1842 directed his agent to yay part of the rents to some of his (Colonel Camac's) creditors. In 1842 a receiver was appointed of the estates, whio was to dispose of the rents in t,he samne way that they had been applied before his appointment. By these means a sum of 7271. was paid away, which t.he mortgagees of Colonel Canmacs life estate sought by this motion to recover. The Vice-Chancelor held that the mnortgagees had no claim. Mr. Glasse and Mr. Speed appeared for the appellants; Mr. Teed, Mr. J. Baily, Mr. 1i. Clarke, Mr. Rogers, and Mr. Jones Bateman for the respondents. The LOPD CmL4NCELLOR said, there was no pretence for any claim to that part of the 7271. which accrued due before the appointment of the receiver. Colonel Camac had, as mortgagor in possession, a perfect right to direct his agent to pay the rents in any way he (Colonel Camac) might think fit, either in discharging some of his personal debts, or even in reductionof the national debt. The only question, therefore, was, what effect was to be attnbuted to the appointment of the receiver? He (the Lord Chancellor) was of opinion that the true meaning of the deed under which the appointment was constituted authorized the receiver to dispose of the rents in the same way as they had been pre,iously applied, but under the control of the Court instead of through an agent of the mortgagor. The result was, that neither before the appointment of the receiver nor after was there any right to treat the rents other than as the property of Colonel Camac, to be disposed of as he mi-ht think fit. The appeal would, therefore, be dismissed with costs.
ROLIS' COURT. CIANCYRY-IA MAY 9S, HOPE V. HOPE. (Before the MAsTER of the Roits.) This was a snit instituted by Mrs. Emilie Mathilde Hope, by her next friend, against her husband, Mr. John Adrian Rope, to obtain specific performance of an agreement, and the case came before the Court to-day on demurrer to the whole bill. The facts of the case, which have on previous occasions been reported, are briefly as follows:-The plaintiff is by birth a French lady, being the daughter of General Zapp ; and the plaintiff and defendant for severalyears after their marriage, and until the year 1853, resided in a house onthe Quayd'Orsay,Paris. In thebeginning of 1853 all the children of Mr. and MIrs. Hope werebrought to England, but in the month of May, in the same year, two of them Adrian and Jean, were sent-back to their mother, who continued to reside in France. In August, 1853, Mrs. Hope instituted a suit in the Consistory Court in England for a divorce from her husband on the grounds of cruelty and adultery, and in the month of November folloming Mr. Hope took proceedings in the Court of Chancery to obtain restitution of his two children, Adrian and Jean. In June, 1854, an order was made upon this last suit, that Mfr. Hope should be authorized to take all necessary steps to recover the custody of his two children, but that when he obtained possession of them Mrs. Hope was to be permitted to have access to them. On the 21st of December following a decree was obtained at Paris from the Civil Tribunal of the Seine, that the order of the English Court of Chancery should be enforced in France- and that, in the case of appeal, the children should be placed at a school in the Rue d'Anjou, St. Honor6, with permission to both Mlr. and 3Mrs. Hope to have access to them. An appeal against this decree was made, but before its hearing an understanding was arrived at between the parties, upon which a compromise was effected in the following terms:-lst, that Mrs. Hope. should deliver to 2Mr. Hope their son Adrian, but that their son Jean should remain with his mother; 2dly, that Mrs. Hope should cease to prosecute her suit for a divorce in England against Mr. Hfope; 3dly, that Mrs. Hope should not oppose the suit instituted against her by her husband for divorce, but, on the contrary, should facilitate it in every way; 4thly, that Mr. Hope. should pay to Mrs. Hope an annual income of 75,OOOf - 5thly, that Mr. Hope should pay the expenses incurred by Mr. Hope in England, and any debts she might have incurred in France, to the extent of 60,000f.; and 6thly, that what articles or groperty Mrs. Hope should be entitled to retain should be let to the arbitration of certain persons, in the agreement named. On the 27th of March in the present year the children were brought to England and delivered over to Mr. Hope ; but, as the bill alleged, Mr. Hope had failed to perform his part of the compromise agreed to, and had omitted to pay Mrs. Hope the income he had undertaken to do. It was to obtain specific performance on his part, therefore, that the present suit was institituted; and, in opposition to the prayer of the bill, Mr. P. PiLumm and Mr. KEnSYo argued, on demurrer, that, inasmuch as the parties to the compromise were not, as between themselves, proper or capable contractin- parties, and the purport of the compromise was to tring about a divorce between husband and wife, a court of equity ought not to entertain the suit; but His HoNouRi, without calling upon the plaintiff's counsel, held that the object of the suit was one which a court of equity could deal with; that the consideration upon which the compromise was based, was good; that Mr. Hope. obtained under it certain advantages Iwhich he sought; and that it was not open to him now, after he had signed a mutual agreement, to come forward and claim exemption from its performance by way of demurrer. The Solicitor-General and Mr. Terrell appeared for the plaintiff.
VICE-CANWCELLORS' COURTS. MAY 28. II.&KIER1 V. HATLTFWFlT. (Before Vice-Cancedlor Sir J. STuATJT.) This was a motion on behalf of the county of Glocester Banking Company to vary the certificate of the chief clerk disallowing the claim of the bank to prove for a debt due on a bond made by the plaintiff to one Edward Jenkins, and of which the bank were assignees by transfer from Frederick Herbert, to whom it had been assigned. The bond in question was alleged by the plaintiff to have been given by him in the year 1841 to Jenkims to secure a debt won by the latter from the plaintiff on the Derby of 1837. The bond was subsequently transferred to Herbert, by whom it had been assigned by way of mortgage to the County of Glocester Bank. Evidence was gone into on behalf of the bank to show that the bond had been assigned to them without notice of the original consideration for which it was alleged by the plaintiff to have been given, and that the plaintiff bad been present at interviews which took pLace between Herbert and persons representing the bank respecting the trsnsfer of the bond to the Latter without stating anything from which it might be inferred that the bond was invalid. By the 9th of Anne, chap. 14, it was enacted that all notes, bills, bonds, Sc., given as a security for any money won by gaming should be void; and the 4th and 5th of William IV., chap. 41, after reciting the act of Anne, repealed so much of the latter act as enacted that "any note, bil or mortgage, should be absolutely void." The preamble of the 4th and 5th of William IV., chap. 41, mentioned the word " bonds," but the enacting part of that act omitted that word. Mr. Wigram and Mhr. JoUiffe supported the motionMr. Bacon, MIr. Malins, Mr. Freeling, and Mr. Roxburgh resisted it. T'he case was argued on the 13th of March, and reported in 27we Times of the ensuing day. The VICE-CHAsNcErLLOR now gave judgment. He said he thought this case was within the protection of the 4th and 5th of Wiliam It., chap. 41; but it was not necessary to decide the case on that act. When a person by his words or conduct wilfully caused another to believe the existence of a certain state of things, and induced him to act on that belief, so as to alter his previous position, the former was concluded from averring against the latter a different state of things as existing at the same time. That was the rule of law laid down in " Pickard v. Sears " 6, (Adol and EU. 469.) He should, therefore, vary the chief clerk's certificate by admitting the bond as a debt due by the plaintiff to the bank. The costs of the bank would be added to their debt. (Before Vice-Chancellor Sir W. P. WOOD.) REAMAGE V. BnDUnlnil. Mr. RorT and Mr. CoTToN addressed the Court in this part heard case, their arguments in which occupied the whole day. Mr. Willcock is to be heard in reply on Friday morning.
COURT OF Q10EN'S BENCH, WEST.NmSTEjR, AY 28. b2tUmgUs tn Banco, before Lord CAhSIBELL and Jutices COLERmIGE, ERLE, and CROEPTOIN.) Eord Campbell resumed his seat on the bench this day, app.arently none the worse for his arduous labours during the last fortnight at the Central Criminal Court. His lordship retiredat an early hour. The Crown paper was t"aken, as is usual on Wednesdays, but nothing occurred of any interest to the public. It has eenalready intimated that the Court will sit to morrow (this day.) (Sittings at Nisi Pri us, at Guildhaed, before Mr. Justice WIGiiTL%s andl Common Juries.) FEfUES V. HYAMS. This case, which was part heard on Tuesday, was an action to recover damages for a malicious prosecution. Mr. Serjeant Shee and Mr. Pearce were counsel for the plaintiff; and Mr. Keatinge and Mr. Macnamara for the defendant. It appeared that the plaintiff is a Polish Jew, who is in the habit of travelling about the country as a glazier. In the month of April, 1855, he was at Wolverharupton, where the defendant, also a Jew, carried on business as a pawnbroker. On the 15th of April plaintiff was taken before a magistrate, and the defendant charged him with having written the following letter:- '"Wolverhampton, Dec. 17, 1854. "Sir,-I hope that you will settel with me the 4s. so long wlat I have been with you you now that i am poor man and i lost my time if you do not settle with me i go to the Magistrat and i tell him that you offer me 1001. to set your Premises in fier, and if the case will come before the Justice you now very well that at would not cost me anything only you and the best way is to settel with me that shall not go farther. "i remain your servant, " Myrs." A man named Joseph EngelIman swore that he had written the letter at the plaintiff's dictation, and he was accordingly committed for trial; he remained in prison over four months; the trial came on at the Staffordshire Assizes before Mr. Justice Erle; when Engelman was examined he retracted his former statement, and swore he had written the letter in the month of April at the defendant's request; the judge stopped the case, directed the letter to be impounded, and refused the prosecutofs costs, and the present action wasafterwards brought. The plaintiff, Myers Firber, who was examined through an interpeter, stated that when he came to Wolverhampton in July, 18r4, he was in great distress; he applied to the defendant to lend bim a diamond, and afterwarda agreed to assist in the shop every Saturday and Friday for a salary of 4s. a-week. About a month after defendant told him, he would make a gentleman of him, and give him 1001. if he would set the house on fire; he refused to have anything to dowith it. Defendant had just about this time increased his insurance from 800. to 2,400l He left in December, and as he had never dran his salary he asked Engelman, in whoEe house he lodged,to write to defendant to demand tho balance due; the letter was to thiseffect:-`Mr.Hyamspay me the 4s. a-week, or I will put you in the County Court." Defendant took no notice of it. After that he spoke of the wish of the defendant to have his house burat-the report came to the knowledge of the insurance-office, and they refused to renew the policy; that the defendant, to be revenged, got Engelman to write another letter, and then had him brought before the magistrate. Anne Engleman deposed to the fact of her husband baring written a letter in December at the plaintiff's request. It was written on apiece of paper torn out of a pocketbook; it was a mere demand to pay money, and the letter produced was not it. She heard the defendant on one occasion tell the plaintiff that he would hare been arzich maani;fbhehad not been such afooL. The testimony of this witneszs was confirmed by some other persons, who swore they were present 'when the letter waQs written. They all stated the letter was sealed. Joseph Engehnan swore that in December he wirote the Iletter the plaintiffhbad described. He put it into an envelope, but it was not sealed. In Aipril the defendant sent for him, and showved him the letter, w,hich he threw into the fire, and then compelled him to write at his dictation the letter which was produced before the magistrates. The agent of the b?orwich Union proved thiat the defendant increased his insurance in August 184 Mr. MIACNAIMRaA addressed the jury for the defendant. He declared he would prove there had been a gross attempt at extortion, and a subsequesrt conspuiracy against the de- Benjamin Hyamns, the defendant, swore that the plaintiff had never been in his employment although he had been kind to him when he came to Wolverhampton in distress. Plaintiff asked him to lend him 5l. HYe refused, and plaintiff then said he would takse care and have the money. iAbout a fortnight after he received the letter which had been produced. It was the only letter he had received from the plaintiff.He threw it aside,and paid no attention to it for some months, until he heard of the reports that were in c irculation. Heo then made inquiries, and found it was in Eagelman's handwriting. HIe sent for him, and on his statement had the plaintiff taken before he magistrate. He denied most ponltively that he had ever dictated the letter to Engelman.- I.Lucy Harvey. the defendant's shopwoman, stated that I the plaintiff had never been employed by the defendant, although she had seen him in the shop. She remembered the letter coming by post in December; she read it to her m.ster. The letter produced was the letter she read. L evi Bernstorne was in the defendant's shop one day in December, and beard the last witness read the letter that had been produced. After one or two other witnesses had been exramined, MWr. Serjeant Sssaa replied on behalf of the plaintiff. I HIES Lonnsmr told the jury that the question for themn was whether they were satisfied that the letter had been written at the dictation of the plaintiff or defendant. There was no doubt it was in the handwriting of E3ngelman. He t,hen went through the evidence, and requested them to say| whether they thought the letter had been written at the defendant's dictation or not. The jury retired, and after an absence of about half an hour returned, and stated they were of opinion the letter bad been written at the defendant's dictation. His LoanDsnIIP then said that if such was the case the prosecution was clearly malicious, and the only question was the amount of damages. The jury ultimately found a verdict for the plaintiffdamages, 251. EROCKINGTON; V. D,ANIELS. Tehis was an action for breach of promise of marriage. The defendant pleaded he had not promised. Ir. Hore was counsel for the plaintiff, and nr. loacnamar s for the defendant. Mor. Hoi,nd stated that the plaintiff in this action was a young woman in an humble condition of life who worked in a frige manufactory ; she had been for nine years in the employment of a Ir. Mhasey. In May last she lefthim and went inAto that of the defendant, a Frenchman, who carried on the same business intBethina-green. He soon became much attached to her, and was in the habit of accompanying her home in the evening. He asked her to marry him, but she refused, as she was then engaged to ayoung man named Fairbum - but he, becoming annoyed at seeing her so much with the defendant, broke off the engagement, and she accepted the defendant. He repeatedly stated that he intended to marry her. He said she was a good girl and wouldn?dake himan excellentwife. In July last she went to live in his house to take care of his daunhters, he beino a widower. He then took advantage of hlis position and effected her ruin; even after that he repeatedlv stated he intended to marry her; but about Christmas oe married another person: and when the plaintiff was confined he refused to give her any assistance. Anne Brockington, the mother of the plaintiff, statedthat her daughter would be 21 years of age in July. She had worked for Mn Masey for nine years. In May lastshe went into Mr. Daniels' employment, who had a good business and kept several persons employed. He was in the habit of accompanying plaintiff home. She was then engaged to Fairburn, gate keeper at Bermondsey workhouse. The engagement was broken off through Mr. Daniels. She had heard him say he would hare her daughter and no one else. Her d?aughter became in the fansilyway. Defendant informed her of the fact, and offered her O1r. to keep it quiet. After that he often premised marriage. He said he would have plaintiffand no one else, as she wvas a good girl and. a good saleswoman. He said he hoped it would be a son. The plaintiff was delivered on the 7th of March of a still-born child. Cress- examine d by Mllr. LtACN PA.-Poaintiff got 4s a- week and her beard and lodging. Defendant spoke English very badly; she codud scarcely uderstand a word he said A young man called " Tom the Coppersmith" did not keep company with her daughter. Defendant first spoke of marriage about three weeks after plaintiff went to ive in his house. It was one day that she a one to his house to dinner. It was after dinner he spoke of marriage. He repeated it frequentlg after, but she could not remember the particular occasions. Her daughter could not write. To Mr. catioE.-Defendant was married just before C,hristmas. helizabeth Miller, a charwvoman, deposed to having met the defendant at the last witness'S house, and heard him say that plaintiff would be his wife, and Mrs. Brocklington his mother-in- aw. Cross-examnined.-She had since seen the defendant with the plaintiff. It was about last August she first met them. Defendant said they would be married shortly Whiliam Tmngey, a fringe weaer, knew thedefendant. He went with the plaintifs brother to his house. He asked him to go in. Hoe said he intended to marry the plaintiff, Ho frequently repeated that statement; he requested hito speak to the plaintiffon the subject. He did so, and told him, in her presence, that she would conse.nt. Defendant then repeated his promise and said he would marry as soon as ho sold his stock. Cross-examined.-Hehadbeen charged with taking oneof the defendant's rabbits, but had been on good terms with him since. Mrs. Tingey, of the last witness, also stated she bad heard the defendant promise to marry the hlaintiff Mr. M yAgher ahmaddressed the jury on behef of the defendant. He denounced the case asaetrumery one, he could not call the defendant, hut he submitted they would not find a verdict against him founded on conversation when the pinidpal 'witness admitted she could scarcely anderstand him. His LORDnsiIs haVing SUmmed up. The jury foknd a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages 251.
CO1UT OF COMMON PLEAS. WESTRTEM LfAV 2S. (Sittings in Banco, Trinity Term.) The Court to-day was occupied with hearing argusments in two causes quite barren of any public interest. (Sittings at Nisi Prius, Westminster, before Mr. Justice CROwnDER and a Common Jury.) HALFORD V. ISAACS. Mr. Hoggins, Q.C., and Mr. Hance appeared for the plaintiff; and !Mr. Seijeant Byles and Mr. Hawkins for the defendant. The plaintiff is an actor and a theatrical author, and the defendant, Miss Rebecca Isaacs, is the well-known actress and singer, and this action was brought to recover the remuneration to which the plaintiff conceived himself entitled for certain theatrical pieces alleged to have been composed by him, and acted at the theatres managed by the defendant. The declaration was in form for penalties for acting some pieces without the consent of the plaintiff, and for the value of leave and licence to perform others granted by him to the defendant. The trial of this cause occupied the time of the Court during the whole day, and was not concluded when the learned judge rose at 3 o'clock to go to chambers; we therefore reserve our report until the close of the case.
COURT OF EXCHEQUER. WED-sDAY. 11ty a8. SPECIAL PAPER. LOVE V. LtuDER END WNTP. (Silting in Banco.) This was a demurrer to a plea to a declaration, in which the plaintiff sought to recover 501. from the defendants for the breach of a covenant in a deed entered into by the wife of the male defendant durn solo, or rather duia vidua, whereby she, having sold a certain publichouse to the plaintiff, bound herself not to II take, keep, or be interested or concerned in, any publichouse within one mile of that so sold to the plaintiff." The breach alloged was that within the stipulated period Mrs. Lauder, having married Mr. Lauder, who kept a publichonse near that of the plaintiff, there resided and acted as barmaid, and so thereby became interested and concerned therein. The plea demurred to set out the fact of the marriage, and alleged that the female defendant was only interested or concerned in the publichouse of her hIusband as his wife and under his directions and orders, to which she became obedient, as was her duty as a wife. Mr. PRENTICE, for the plaintiff, complained on his part of this act on the part of Mrs. Iauder as a direct evasion and infringement of her covenant, and contended that the plea was no answer to the declaration. A male vendee of a publichouse could not be prejuidiced by anything more than by hisvendor marrying a neighbouring publican and superintending his business, and it could not be said that she was not interested or concerned in such business within the meaning of the covenant. 3fr. H. Hill, who appeared for the defendants, was not called on, The COUT being of opinion that the plea was a perfectly goodanswer to the declaration. If the parties meantto provide for the contingency of the vendor marrying a riva publican within the prohibited distance, all that could b] said was that they had not done so. It would have been yery easy to say that, if the vendor married, her husband Thould not carry on the business of a publican within a mile from her former house. But here the words of the covenant must be read as ejusdera gencris, and the interest and concern which the vendor covenanted not take in any house must be held to mean tho direct interest and concern of a principal, and not that indirect interest and concern which attached to a wife inthe businems of her husband. Judgment for the defendants. (Sitings at Niii .Prius.) The only reportable case was adjourned to Friiday morn. ing; we tnerefore postpone our report.
POLICE. GUIUDHALr.-Baldwin Specht, a well-dressed young German, of darJk complexion, with whiskers ard. oustache, was charged with stealing a silver saltcellar and spoon from the North and South American Coffeehouse, in Threadneedle-street, on the 6th of May last. Mlr. Buchanan appeared on behalf of the prisoner. Mr. J. C. WalkVer, a gold and silver refiner of 189, Aldersgate-street, stated that on the 6th of May the prisoner came with a silver saltcelar and silver saltspoon, which he purchased of him. On the 26th of May the prisoner came again with three silver forks and two silver spoons, which he was desirous of selling; but as witness had received some information from the police respecting the prisoner[ he sent for a policeman, who took the prisoner into custody. W. Bolton, a waiter at the North and South American Coffeehouse, said, on the 6th of May last, about 11 o'cock in the morning, the prisoner was in the public dining-room, and called for some soup. As he (witness) was going down- I stairs for the soup he looked into the private dining-room and saw the saltcelar safe. He closed the door and gave the prisoner his soup. When the prisoner was gonehe mssed the silver saltcellar and spoon p reduced. Police-constable 28I said, he took the prisoner into custody, and on searching his lodgings found several plated spoons, and forks,. Another witness identified three of the plated spoons, but there was no evidence to carry that part of the case any further. Mr. Buchanan said he was prepared with a witness to account for the saltcellar, and how it came into the prisoner's possession. Alderman FLz-vs said, he would hear that witness. Peter Effersb was accordingly called, and stated that a short time ago he was in a publichouse with the prisoner when a strariger came in and asked the prisoner to dispose of a parcel, which he produced, and offered him 2s(id. if he would turn the saltcellar, which the parcel contained, into money for hinm. The prisoner accordingly left and the stranger followed him, andl in. a short time they returned. The stranger then called for a pot of beer, and having paid for it and given the promised halfcrown to the prisoner he went away. This account was not considered satisfactory, and the prisoner was therefore committed upon this charge, and remanded for further inquiry relative to the silver forks and spoons, with the view to fnding an owner for the property. BOw-STREET.-Thomas Benson, who described himself as a shoemaker, was brought up on remand, charged on his own confession with having, some 13 years ago, forged a check for 151. on Mr. Frederick Barlow, a solicitor at Cambridge, by whom he was at that time employed as a clerk. A few days since the prisoner presented himself at the Bow-street station, and made a statement to the inspector on duty, Mr. Mackenzie, to the folloving effect:-That about 13 years ago he was employed as copying clerk by Mr. Barlov, a soucitor in goOd practice at Cambridge, and clerk to the bench of magistrates there; that one day he found on his employer's desk a check for 15. ffilled up, but not signed. This he took away, and having forged Mr. Barlow's signature, he got change at a publichouse where he was known. He intrusted the money to " a friend," at whose instigation he had committed tle: offence. This man had promised to return the money next day, and, if that promise had been kept he would have recovered the check and destroyed it. But he failed to do so, and the publican paid the check away. Dis*covery being now imminent prisoner absconded, and had contrived ever since to evade the search which was made after him. He had had very good employment as a shoemaker (under a false name), but had never been able to make up the sum of money to make restitution, while in the meanwhile he suffered such mental agony as he could' no longer endure. He therefore wished to give himself up to justice. When brought before the magistrate he reiterated this statement. He said he could not rest till the matter was investigated. It would be a relief to his mind to undergo the penalty the law required. He hoped that Mfr. Barlow, who was a very good-hearted man, would take pity on him. and, remembering his general good conduct, to which this wvas the only exception, w ould recommend him to mercy at the triaL But, should it be otherwise, he would rather undergo the full penalty, whatever that might be, than, remain in his present distress of mind. Biewas remanded in order that Mr. Barlow should be communicated with, and it was ascertained that his story was perfectly true. Mr. Barlow, however, declined to proceed against him, so long a period having elapsed. The prisoner, on being placed at the bar for the second time and informed of Mr. Barlow's decision, exclaimed, "Thank God for that! It will relieve my mind from the weight that is on it. Now I will go back to my work with fresh spirit and try to earn money to repay Mr. Barlow."j He wasthen discharged. MI RLBOROUGI-sTREEr.-4ohn Michael Curtis, a powerful looking fellow, was placed at the bar before Mr. BLNGH , charged with a violent and unprovoked assault upon a woman, named Ellen H owe, who had been cohabiting with him during the last three years at lTo. 4.- Monmouthcourt, Seven-d als. It appeared from the evidence of the prosecutrin, whose face was severely bruised and lacerated, that on Tuesday morning last at an early hour the prisoner got out of bed and abised her. He went to a neighbouring pubitchouse and obtained some drink, after which he returned and called her vile names. He then struck her on the mouth and forced her violently upon the ground, and while she wias in a helpless andunguarded position he kicked and otherwise illtreated her. The blows were infnicted with his heavy boots, whereby she sustained a frighntful wound, which disflgured the left side of her mouth and tore away a portion of the flesh. The prosecutrix called forhelp, and the police arrived and took the prisoner into custody. The prosecutrix, who appeared to be suffering considerable pain, said, in answer to lMr. BILNcumir, that she had lved with the prisoner three years, and during that time she had been subjected to a course of gross ih-treatment. He had been in prison twice for cruelty towards her. On the first occasion the prisoner was incarcerated for one nionth, and, secondly, he was sentenced to two months' IIr. BixG}sM5, in strong terms, remarked on the base and cruel conduct of the prisoner towards the prosecutrix, and said he was determined to do all in his power to check such unmanly and brutal outrage. The prisoner was committed for six months with hard labour. MAxRmsoxEm-Mr. Jones, Superintendent of the West Middlesex Waterworks Company, attended beforo the sitting magistrate, Mr. LoXNG, and haRded to him a letter from the secretary of the company, in which a request was made that a certain number of the men employed upon the establishment might be sworn in to act as special constables upon the occasion of the peace rejoicings at Primrose-hill. An application had previously been made to Sir Richard Mayne for assistance on the part of the force, but it was understood that the police would have a general duty to perform in the district, and that there could not be any arrangement made as to any of them being concentrated at a particular spot to protect property. All persons in the vicinity of the spot where the pyrotechnic display was to take place would have equal protection as far as available means could be afforded them by the constabulary force. The reason assigned for the application being made was, that the reservoir adjacent toPrimrose-hill, andwhich spot would command the best view of the fireworks, had recently beeni arched over, amd it was probable that in the event of large numbers congregating on it, the arch might give way, and many lives be lost, as the water beneath was of considerably depth. Mnr. LOXG was of opinion that he had no power to swear in special constables unless an information were laid before himn setting forth that a riot and tmnult was apprehended. Mr. Jones then left the court, in order to communicate again with the police authorities at Scotland-yard. Wonsmp-sTRnng.-John Finn, a tall and very powerful man, having somewhat the appearance of a smuggler, was charged before Mr. D'EywcounT with the following outragse:- Swain, a constable of the N. division, whose head was covered in numerous places with adhesive plaister, stated,I was on duty this morning at 2 o'clock in Magle-street, City-road, when another constable ask-ed me to accompany him toa partly vacant space called Challiss-feld, abutting upon the rear of the houses in Albert-place, one of which is a jeweller's. We listened at the houses a short time, and then distinctly heard footsteps. The wall separating the houses and field is low, and I suddenly saw the prisoner on the washhouse of No. 8, which I believed to be the jeweller's. I asked what he was doing there, and he repEed that he wanted a night's lodging. I told him twice to come down, and, after asking me to wait a bit, he all at once sprang down, and as ho did so struck me such a heavy blow on the head with what I believe to have been a life-preserver that my hat was knocked off, and I staggered from the force of it. I recovered sufficiently to close with him, and he struck me again repeatedly-in fact, as often as he could,-and we fell together several times. I called for help, and my brother officer, who hadbeen in the other yard, ran up to my assistance, and endeavoured to make the prisoner release his grasp of me, but, though he struck him severely several timesboth upon the arms and head with his truncheon, the blows aupeared not to have *he slightest effect upon him, as he still'held me obstinately, and I at length saw that he had something in his hand, with which he again struck me upon the temple, and while bleeding much from the head I became totally senseless, and <n recovering found the prisoner in custody of another officer. The prisoner did not speak a word throughout. I had not time to draw a truncheon myself. I am bruised ndhurt all over my head, and I feelveryill. Burton, 192 N.-I heard the sounds of footsteps, apparently of. two or three persons, in the rear of 8 or 9, Albertplace, and went to the assistance of the last witness, whom I found grasped by the prisoner. I struck the prisonerupon the head and arn, to make him let go the man, titI cracked my staff with hitting him, but it was not of the shghtest use, as he did not let go till Swain became senseless, when he escaped to the back premises of. a house in Eagle-street, and I raised an alarm for other officers, who then camne up. Sauders, 1S7N.-I heard rattles springing, and onrmining to the spot was told that an escaped prisoner was concealea in an unfinished house in tho field. Un getting there one of the constables cried, "llere heis," and theprisoner instantly Jumped from beneath the roof tilng of one of the houses He then ran to a window, and leaped from that on to some scaffolding, next to the roof of a shed, thence to another outhouse, and finally on to a high wall and into a garden, followed by me over all of them, though there was no light except what I had from my lantern. On reschizg the garden I got hold of him, on which he seized a piece of timbar andmadeablowat myhead. I1 put up my staff to save my head, and the blow fell on ay-band, injuring it much, while a second blow injured my other hand. He thea kicked me violently upon the legs, and struck me witli his fist on the back of the head, and leaped on to the -wall. I, however, got hold of him again, and struck him with my staff on the head, on which he came down and closed with me, and it was not till I had struck him on the shoulder a blow which broke my staff in two that, nith the assistance of other constables, he was at last secured. Leather, 168 N.-I heard the alarm, and, on hastening there, saw the prisoner kicking the Lsst witness, and, on my attemptingto secure him, healso kicked me most violently. Austin, 244 N.-I searched the field in question, where I found the prisoner's cap and a handkerchief, and close to the spot of the encounter betwreen him and the first witness I picked up the life-preserver Inowr produce, broken quite in two. Mr. D'EYsCOURT.-What are you, and what have you. to say? Prisoner.-I have no settled residence, and am a labourer. If I had not offered some defence I should have been killed. See how they have knocked my head about (pointing to his head, -which certainly bore the marks of blows, hut of nothing Eke the severity that might have been expected.) He was remanded till that day weel, when, it was intimated, he would be committed for tf.al. CLcERXVELL.-The sitting nagistrate requested our reporter-to acklowledge the receipt of 11. from II C. H. G. I and, a post-office order for 21. fom "W. H.," for Irs. Matilda Gill, the poor woman who was accidentally shot in the arm, which has prevented her from earning a subsistence for herself, her sick husband, and four children. TVarnS.-William Lewis, a determined-looking man, was placed at the bar, before Ar. YARDLEY, for re-examina tion, charged, under the 1lth and 12th Willian IIL, chap. 7, sec. 9, with endeavourmg to incite some of the crew of the mexchant ship Stebonheath, of London, Captain Sergeant, to mLtiny, and murder the officers and passengers, forthepurpose of obtaining possession of the gold with which it was laden, and which amounted to 61,000 ounces, of the value of 244,0001. - Mr. Humphreys appeared for the prosecution. The following evidence was given in addition to what was adduced at the previous examination:- - Walter Boletto said, that the ship left Melbourne on the 17th of February. He was a seaman on board of her. The next day the prisoner entered into conversation with wit-ness about some event which took place when he was at Callao, and he asked wAitness if lie had ever been there, as be thought he had seen him there? Witness replied that he mever was at Callao. He then proceeded to state that ho and several other men there got a schooner and went towards California, being anxious to meet with some vessels that ight be on their wray with gold from the mines. After -waiting about three weeks they espied two ships They seized one of them, .in which they found about 7,000 ounces of gold. They seized the gold and scuttled the ship, and the prisoner added, "Dead men can tell no tales." HIe (pri. soner) subsequlently sailed to England, and remained some time in London, after whichi he sailed for Port Phillip. After prisoner had told him this he asked witness how. he lvQuldliketobeinsncha jobasthat of the T,OOOouncesof gold? Witness replied. "VTery well;* if he could.alwaysget clear." Ptrisoner then celled witness's attention te the gold on board the vessel, and oboserved that if he (witness) would only stick to him he -would have it done in 48 hours. He added, in answger to somne remarks by witness, that he had a glass of brandy for the men in the forecastle, who he knew would not refuse to take it, and that he w.ould give them such a dose as they would not get over. When they were disposed of, if. the passengers showed any resistance, he would tell them the ship wras in the hands of the crew. He then proposed to speak to a seaman of the name of WShittington on the subject, and previous to doing so he gave him (Whittingtou) a glass of brandy, which for a moment overpowered him. Alter he took it he mentioned to 'Whittington what he had mentioned to him (witness). WVhittington, in reply, said he must see his way clear first before he joined ma it. The prisoner then shook him (Whittington) and exclaimed, "(lo in at once." MIr. Humphreys.-Was there anything said about the number of those necessary to be engaged?7 Witness.-Yes, Lewis asked Whittinpton how many men he thought wtould be necessary. Whittington replied "Not less than half-a-dozen." He then asked Whittington wrhom he could depend upon? Whittington replied "No one." The prisoner stated that he came on board for the purpose .f getting the prize, and the sooner it was done the better. We are now," he remarked, " nearly clear of the land." ,Mr. Hninphreys.-Did the prisoner allude to revolvers? Witness. -Yes. He said hae had two revolvers. "You need not be frightened at a revolver," he remarked to Whittingten, " for you know you have been at the Ballarat riot." Whittington said he was not more frightened than he (Lewis) was. He then said that when they got the captain and mate outbof the way he andtheywouldhave full chlarge of the ship. He would then tak-e the ladder and lay it across the hatchway, so that no one should come up. MIr. Humphreys.-I think there was some allusion made to the women?7 3Vitness.-Yes. Lewis said, " We will kill the old women, and keep the young women till we get to the coast of Peru, where we will conceal the geld in the sand and scuttle the ship, leaving the women to sink writh it." The next day, while the prisoner was in his bunk, he called to me. He showed me two revolvers, a keg of brandy, and some small htias. In reference to the revolvers, he remarked that they nad never deceived him, as he was a dead shot. He ?ut some bullets inl the revolvers. The Wednesday following (the 20th) the vrisoner observed that he was afraid Whittington wouldhave nothing at all to do with the affair. He at the same time remarked, "-, Tom, we -will get his, revolver." He then obterved that Jonathan (mean. ing a seaman named Sent) must be sounded. The prisoner wvent over to Kent, and returned in a few minutes, observing tlat Kent was ass stanch as a piece of iron. M£r. Huinphreys.-Did he not make some remark- about his revolvers?. Witness.-Yes- that with them he would stand by 50 men. On one occasion he met four men on their way from the Avoca Diggings, who were armed. He told them to stand and deliver up veything they had. They did so, and were glad to get away with their lives. He was never fired at once but his opponent got three in return. Mfr. Hume .reys.-At this interview was there not something said about the phialshe showed youin his hunk? Witness.-Yes. I asked hiwhat they contained. He said, laudanum, and that, when put in the keg of brandy, a glassof it would make all hands quiet enough. There was long Jenm Phillips. and Jackc, and old Harry Bluff he must give an extra dose to, in order to make sure of them. E§vidence continued.-On the Thursday morning the prisoner observed to witness, "What do you mean to do now' n Witness replied, as he had done before. The prisoner remarLed that the vessel was then far enough south, and that then was the time to aet, as the passengers were all seasick in their cabins. He said he had seen the slides outside the vessel, and that he could easily fasten them with nails. Mr. YAteDL EY.-That would fasten them in their cabins? Witneass-Yes, Sir. He further added that he could then pass them through the port. I observed that I would have nothing at all to do ?wth it. The prisoner then said that, had it not been for Whittine to and te, he would have done it all himself long before that day. He had been waiting on shore sil weeks or an escort, h ut it had no gold in it. He then made up his mnd to try the ship, observing that the majority of the passengers were "an old gray. headed set of-.__" Mr. Humphreys.-After this you andWhittington made a communication to the captain, the effect of which was that the prisoher was taken into custody ? Witness.-Yes, Sir, on the Friday. ThomasWhittington repeated the evidence he gave at the former examination, and which has already appeared. ugh Klent stated that the prisoner said that there was plenty of gold below, and that he would place one man in the captain's cabin, and one in the mate's. He saidohe would be able to do the work with four men, and that he only wanted him (witness) to assist. James Connell, chief mate, proved having taken the prisoner into custody while he was at the wheel; lie was placed ill irons. Davis Harris, second mate, stated that he-went to the prisoner's bunkc and took possession of a keg of brandy and a bags oeich contained the revolvers, two pistols, two b3wie knives, a quantity of bullets, &c. Inspectors'White, who took the prisoner into custody at Gravesend, produced the property. Captain Sergeant stateds that he gave orders for the prisoner to be taken into custody. The prisoner said that there were 50 sovereigns in his Captain Sergeant said, the things were all examined in the cabin before the passengers, and that there was no money in the belt. Prisoner.-Did yon not threaten to shoot me Captain Sergeant.-1 said if you attempted to escape I would shoot you. Mr. Yso , .ad .-Is it not the pracLice to sat rch the chest or bag of sailors when they come on board ? Witness.-No, Sir. Mr. YAsRstm.-I should think you would in future not only yon, but all captains coming from Australa. This ougtto bea warnung to yon. *-tness.-It will bo. Sir. Ispcector Shane said, he assisted to taLe the prisoner into custody; that he (prisoner) observed that Whittington and Boitho hadhad a pull at him, and that Whittington ought to have been in his place. The prisoner, who said he would reserve his defence, and who in the course of the inquiry denied the statement of Bolitho, was committed for triaL LArsLB r.-James Rogers, Tohn Keeling, Joseph Hart, alias Joe Lynch, all well-dressedpersons, members of a gang, as stated by the police, who have for some con- siderable time carried on an extensive system of plunder in warehouses in the city of London and at drapers' shops in the suburbs of themetropolis; and Thomas Coxhead, a cabdriver, and ex-policeman, were brought up andplaced at the bar before Mr. ELnroz for final examination, on a charge of burglariously breaking and entering the premises of Messrs. Buller, Brothers, extensive drapers ma the Old Kent-road, aud stealing therefrom property to the value of 2501. It will be recollected from what transpired at the former examinations that on the morning of Fnday, the 16thinst., at about 5 o'clock, a cab was seen to drive up tothe shop front of the Messrs. Buller, and immediately after four men were seen to remove lasge bales of goods from the house, and put them into the vehicle, which drove off at a rapid rate, the four men following it. The circumstance exciting the sus- piion of some persons who had witnessed it, they took the nmber of the cab, and gave information to the police, which led to the apprehension of the prisoners Bogers and Keelng while following the cab, andtheywere sabsequently fully identified as the persons who were present and assisted in removing the property from the prosecutors' premises. The prisoner CoxIIead was subsequently tra ced to his residence by Sergeant Coppin of the P divison on the morning after the robbery, and, mistaldng the officer for one of the " gentlemen," as he called them, by whom lie had been employed on the overrnight, he at once admitted having taken the property from the KEenlt-road, but on discovering the real character of Coppin he became exoeedinkly cautious in his information- on the subject. The description which Coppin had of the cabm-- engaLed in the transaction was that he had large black whiskers, 'lut onexamining Coxheadhediscovered that on that morn^ig he had a clean shave of both whiskers and heard, and presented a smooth and bare face. Police-constable HenryBingley, of the B division, deposed that, in consequence of informnation he'received, he took the prisoner Hart into custody in the neighbourhood of TOttenhain-court.road, on suspicion of being concerned with the other prisoners in the robbery. The: prisoner said nothing in reply to the c'harge, but merely asked* him who be was and where he was going to take him to, and when told insisted on having a cab In reply to the questions of the magistrate The witness said, he had frequently seen Eartinthe com' pany of Rogers and Keeling, and saw- them together within a few days of the robbery. lfr. 1edham, an engineer, identified Hart as one of the four men he hbd seen on the morning of the robbery. The witness said that, though he had no doubt whatever he was one of the men, he did not wish to swear positively to his identity; and a milkman, rmein Fever, swore positively to the identity of Rogers and Reeling. -Mr. Solomon and fr. Neale, on the part of the prisonerS cross-examined the witnesses at some length, but failed in eliciting anything favourable to their clients, and al the prisoners were fully committed for trial. The prisoners, Rogers, Keeling, and Hart, cias Lynch, have all been before convicted of felony.
SCOTTISH EQUITABZB LIFE ASSURA.JYE SOCIETY. fAdvertiE*entL The amnnal meeting-of the above cociety wa held in Mlinh;rgb en the 6th inst. The report by the directors stated that tbe mumber Of polcies issued dining the year endine 1st of March lst was 638, the sums assedthereby being£893,9M0, and tbeannual preiuM5 thereoo £9,12D. The resultof the invetigation for the triennial di-ision C rrofts was then announced. The surplus ascertained to have arsen amouLted to £1S3,839 whch wiolly belongs to tbereemberd.t b0t of rhkh one-third (£61,279)3nust,bythe laws ofthexociety, besLt asideas areervefor aDocation atihe next triennial division, in IS9. From the remainin two-thirds g bonus was declared at the rate of 1 Der cent per annum on al Polices on whichx prenusne hba been piad, notoulyl on thess inthe oloicies, but alo on the Ionnr eetea There was left, in addition to :!61,278 of reserve aboc estated, a er.- pins of £13,623-together £74e902, togotothenextelivisinn. The invested fends of the society amount t4 £879,261. the annuaZ revenue to £168.400, and the exastinig assurasces to £4,7G4,949. Copies of the report may be obtained at the soietybs beadl oice, X. Bt. sndrew-sqare. Liinbtsrgh; at: the london oloc, 126, Biohp.cw gate-street; and atanof t1e ageDTges ROBERT CflIISTII7., Sfanager. ARCH. T. IIITOIIIE, londonAgent.
NAVAL AYD MILITARY INTELLIGENCE. The following order was issued to the fleet at Portsmouth yesterday, regalating the ceremonies to be observed afloat this day at that port :- "Victory, in Portsmouth Harbour, May 27. "OGERAL MEMORAATDUM. "Thursday next, the 29th inst., being the day appointed to be kept in celebration of the birthday of Her Majesty, a Royal s lute is to be fired from each of Her Majesty's ships at this port at noon on that day, commencing wvhen the Victory shall have fired her second gun. "Vessels of less than 10 guns are not to salute. "The ships are to dress with flags, as usual. "The fleet at Spithead will be prepared to illuminate at D o'clock by burnmg, simultaneously, long lights at each lower and topsail yard-arm, and showing lights in the ports. Rockets are also to be fired in volleys at intervals of 5 mainutes- each line-of-battie-ship and frigate to fire four volleys of three rockets each; sloops two volleys " In harbour the ships of the line alole are to illuminate, as above directed, but not to fire rockets. "The signal for the commencement will be given by firing a rocket with the 9 o'clock gun from the Victory, which is to be repeated by the senior officer's ship at Spithead. " G. F. SEYMOUR, " Vice-Admiral and Commander-in-Chief. "To the respective captains, commanders, and commanding officers, hc." n'l,m- f-Ab},-l- nr the pshing included in the order ALL these wll ummate. The steam transport WN. S. Lindsay, No. 98, Captain W estern, arrived at Spithead yesterday evening from the East with the head-quarters of the 4th Light Dragoons, consisting of 150 men, 47 horses, and the following officers :-Major Brown, Lieutenants Jennings andWeather,by, Cornet Ellis, Quartermaster Hill, Veterinary Surgeon Ayrme, and Quartermaster-Sergeant Kindall. She has brought also several guns, 200 tons of shot and shells, 31 cwt. of antique marble from Kertch, &Sc. The Clyde steam transport arrived at Spithead yesterday afternoon vwith the remainder of the Army Works Corps from Balaklava, which she left on the Gth, and Malta on the 14th. She brought home 12 Russian guns, 10 horses, 91 men of the Army Works Corps, and the following officers .-Licutenant. Colonel Elmhirst and Lieutenants Renant, Burland, and Rolls, of the 99th Foot; Lieutenant-Colonel Ingall, Captain Cubitt, and Assistant-Surgeon Reigall, of the 62d; Lieutenant-Colonel Shackwell, Royal Engineers; Captain Bruce, of the S2d; Lieutenant Elmhirst; the Rev. Mr. Lewis, chaplain ; and Messrs. Hutchinson, Shaw, Sharrock, Tanner, Turner, Robertson, and Barnett, officers of the Army Works Corps. The sailing transport Windsor, No. 210, arrived at Spithead yesterday evening, 137 days from Tasmania, and 103 from Swan River, Western Australia; she left Hobart Town on the 12th of January, Swan River the 5th of February, and St. Helena, the 11th of ApriL She has brought home the head-quarters of Her Majesty's 99th 1Zegiment, after nearly 14 years' service in the Australian colonies. The officers are-Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Last, Captains Lempster, R. Elliot, and Edmund W. Isdell; Lieutenants James Grime, William H. D. R Welman, Henry F. W. Ely, Edward G. K. Ravenhill, and Thomas H. Clarkson; Ensign Henry James Day, and Assistawt-Surgeon H. H. Jones, M.D.; 38 sergeants, 28 Corporals, 1S drummers, 253 privates, 26 women, and 47 childien. The troops on the passage have been very healthy; two births and four deaths occurred. The wvife of DeputyCommissary-General F. Mends, of Western Australia, who took- passage home in the hope of reaching England for advice and the benefit of her health, having been in a delicate state for some time, died on board on the 26th of Miay. On the 15th inst., in lat. 33537°, long. 4L11' the Windsor spoke the Wellington with the remainder of the regiment On board, and on the same day the iron ship Winifred, froma Calcutta for Liverpool. The Algiers, 91, Captain Codrington, C.L., the Caesar, S1, Captain EIobb, and the Sanspareil, 71, Captain A. C. Rey, C.B., are ordered to prepare for sea immediately. The Germania has been taken up again as a steam transport. Telegraphic orders from the Admiralty were received at Plymouth, on Tuesday evening, to prepare for sea w%ith all despatch-the James Watt, 91; Exmouth, 90; Centurion, 80; Brunswick, 80; and Ozion, 91. The Orion is preparing a%t Keyham, the others are in the Sound, and were relieved yesterday of their lower deck guns, and their crews redaced to 500. They will probably sail to-morrow for the Crimea to embark troops, every ship on an average taking 1,000 soldiers. The captains have orders to instruct the Retribution, 28, Firefly, 4, and any other vessels of war at Gibraltar, or coming through the Straits, to return to Balaklava and assist in the embarcation. An Admiralty order has arrived at Sheerness to prepare the Royal George, 102, screw steamship, Captain Robert S. Robinson, and the Colossus, 80 guns, screw steamship, Captain the Hon. Hoemy Keppel, C.B., for the embarcation of troops. They are both to proceed to the Crimea, there to embark artillery and infantry. Several ships of a similar class, available for the embarcaVion of troops, are ordered to be got ready irmediately at the Wester ports, all of which are to be screw line-ofbattle ships, so as to form an efficient transport squadron. Commander Cecil W. Buckley has commissioned the Firefly at Sheerness, and not the Merlin. Orders have been received by Captain G. Goldsmith, Superintendent of Chatham Dockyard, for the rejoicings which will take place this day, to be observed at that establishment. The whole of the front of the dockyard vill be brilliantly illuminated, and there will be several large trmsparencies exhibited. The Wellesley, 72, guardship of ordinary at Chatham, will be illuminated after dusk, and there seems some expectation that there will be a display of firuworks by the provisional battalion. The day will be observed as a close holyday in all the public offices of the garrison, and at 12 o'clock a salute will be fired from the Cornwallis Battery. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty - Lieutenant Bernard J. Cooper, to the Firefly; Lieutenant Thomas Borrett, to the Tartar-; Lieutenant J. W. James, to the Firefly; the Rev. Henry Alexander, chaplain, to tbe C;esar; W. H. Plows, naval instructor, to the Forth; Thomas H. Johnson, naval instructor, to the Euro'.as; George A. Stable, master, to the Firefly; Charles Sprooll, surgeon, to the Cormorant; H. C. A. Brand, midshipman, to the Elk:; F. Brabazon, nmidshipman, to the 3lagieieane; F. Rougemont and H. Burr, naval cadets, to the lM£a;,.cienne; S. G. Chown and B. B. Dowling, master's assstants, to the Firefly, The l7th Lancers, just returned from the Crimea, will march to Dublin from Cahir on Saturday next, on their way to the cams at Aldershott. The 5Sth R tegiment wvill, on its arrival from Australia, be staioned En -Clonmel, the West York Rifles proceeding to Englanr THE MILII. The City -f D,ub in Royal Regiment of Militia (the l00th), comprising90 -officers and 365 men, arrived on Tuesday morning at Kingstown, from ths camp at Aldershott, by the steamer (kcqpatra. The 47th, or2d:Somerset Militia, lowe arrived in Dublin from the CaGh[..
CAPTURPE }F THE RUNJAwAxy Co-NivIMs.-Two of the three convricts who escaped from the train at Rugby, vwhle being cenreyod from Wakefield to Woolwich, have Isen recapturedt in Leicestenhure, after tnommitting a bur- slry in W arwikirsle. On Saturday niaiit a poor mant samned Garrett, of Wiotoft, WYarwvickehiie, had his house bhs;ken into, and a.quantity of wearing apprarel and 31. 10s. catolen. On Sundzy moning Police-constaies Carp appre:henJed, at some hnilins near Ilieckley, taa men who gnus the names of Fieldand Mlurphy. Fid was dressed irn the clothes taken from .Garrett's house, while Murphy h2d.cg 1 his convict's cfothes covered by a hirt. Field was undernn,tence of convict labour for 20 years, ad Murphy for fou-r years. The former said they filed their chains and escape&t R.ugby while the "Btention of the keepers was attracted by one of the con;i£ apparently being in a fit, which reara feint previouslsy reed upon. Field s2id he land cscapafrom prison four tisu;. The prisoners were, at Iliackley tty sessior,s, commnithaf for trial at Warsick ACCTDEN- $T0 A SCOTCH SmE-ERa.-The following notice ua-s posted yesterday in the Liverpool under. Wvrtera-rooUm; Stranraer, May 2S. By electric telegraph. The Pteess Royal steamer, from Liverpool for AhIasgow, is on the rocks near Scaurlagan, near Stranraer, and inside ScaurlragL The passengers have been all safely -nded, and the c2r-g will be landed in boat.' A further latch states that the Princess poyal wls lying safe, asiwas ex ctedto begot off this tide ROYAL WBOT--I'-S oClcrn-The first exhibition for the season took place yeaterday, and there was a fine collectian of flowers. The res were numerous and were only equalled in appearance by the gaudy azaleas. Two of the Jong terraces were covered with large orchidacaous planLs. The wisplaY of pelargoasiuwx was good, but it wa evident that tie unfavourable spring had prevented the fl avealopment of the flower. Athough tlw Pain in the afterrnep go doubt chieked the arrival of visitoss there was a fwajattendance. The bands of the three legsiments of Horw G"rds played during the afternoon, an4 pe usual prizes wer zed to thu q Sscsful exhibitors,
.NIGHT ATTACK AIVD SIEGE OPERATIONS AT CHATHAM.iI CHATHAM, MAY 28. The whole of the troops belonging to the Royal Sappers and Miners, to the number of nearly 1,200 officers and men, now stationed at Brompton barracks, were engaged some hours last night in several engineering operations of an interesting and practical character, which were undertaken for the purpose of instructing the men belonging to this important arm of the service in the plan to be adopted in making a night attack on an intrenched position, and also with the view of showing the method to be observed in. defending night-working parties, and repulsing sorties frotm a besieged work. The troops engaged in these operations which consisted entirely of those belonging to the Royal Engineers, were drawn up soon after dusk on the ground at the front of the huts near Prince Henry's Bastion, and were divided into the right and left attack, the former under the command of Captain C. S. Akers, R.E., and the latter commanded by Captain Fitzroy Somerset, R.E., the whole of the operations being carried out under the superintendence of Colonel I. Sandham, director of the Royal Engineers' establishment. There were also working and tracing parties attached to each division. Eaeh of the men was provided with a shovel, pick, rifle, and several rounds of blan]k cartridge. The operations to be effected by the troops engaged consisted of a night attack on the Spur Battery and the adjacent sallyports, which were held and defended also by a party of the yal Sappers and Miners, under the command of Quartermaster Bradford, R.E. The tracingparty, which was under the command of Major F. C. Hassard, R.E., left their position about an hour before the rest of the troops, and proceeded to the ground selected in front of the Spur Battery, for the purpose of maldn- the necessary tracins and examinations. The -whole of the roops, having been told off for their duty, proceeded shortly after 9 o'clock to the ramparts, after which they crossed the drawbridge to the lines, where they scaled the fence and formed in close column. The necessary night tracings having been completed, the troops were arranged for their work, each man being supposed to throw up six feet of earth. Pickets were posted in advance of the first parallel and the batteries, which consisted of sunken, half-sunken, and elevated ; having been iinished, the whole of the line, which extended upwards of half a-mile, lay down on their picks and shovels. Suddenly lights hecame visible in the direction of the Spur Bat,tery; and it was evident that the party defending that position had made a sortie. This was continued by the retreat of the advanced pickets who, while retirng, burnt blue lights and firebals for the purpose of showing the direction in which the enemy were approaching, and directing the fire of the troops In a moment the whole of the men in the first parallel sprang to their feet, and opened a brisk fire on the troops ranlsiag the sortie, advancing as they fired. This was continued for some time, the immense line of fire forming a strildng object in the dark night. The orders given to the troops were spoken in a low tone, and, notwithstanding the number of men engaged, scarcely a sound was to be heard. After a smart fire had been kept up for some time by the right and left attack on the sortie from the Spur Battery, the besieged party retired in confusion to the Spur Battery, and the sortie was thus successfully repulsed. The operations lasted until nearly midnight and, having been finished, the troops returned to Brompton barracks. Notwithstanding the lateness of the hour the attack was witnessed by a large number of spectators.
MORTALITY IS WAR.-The following statistics of the losses of the British army during the Crimean and Penins-ular wars will be perused with considerable interest. The improvements in firearms do not appear to have occasioned the destruction that was anticipated, the casualties being nearly balanced. There is, however, a marked increase in the average number of offices killed in the Crimean war, though not in that of the men. Inquiry should be institituted as to the causes, and remedies applied if possible. The numbers of non-commissioned andcommissioned officers to each 1,000 rank and file in the British army may be estimated at 72 and 40 resDectively. The proportion of the wounded officers who die from the injuries they have received is considerably less than that which obtains among the private men; for out of 1,973 officers (more than twofifths of the total number woumded from 1793 to 1815) only 164 died, being very nearly 1 in 12. The difference in favour of the officers is no doubt due to the greater amount of comfort and attention which they are generall able to secure. At the siege of Gibraltar only 1 officer died out of 35 wounded, and out of 117 wounded at the battle of Toulouse only three died. In both these cases the woumded were able to find better accommodation that can be the case after a battle fought in an ordinary campaigan. At Gibraltar the Proportion of deaths among the private men was reduced from one in eight to one in 10, 101 having died out of 1,033 wounded. It may be estimated that from 1793 to 1815 the number of recruits raised for British regiments was 519,040, for foreign and colonial regiments 1' 8,630, making a total of 717,670, besides 30,000 foreign troops temporarily employed,-to these being added the effective force on the 1st of January, 1793, 45,440 men, the total number employed during these wars will be 793,110, Of these219,420 died, 229,141 were discharged, 20,000 taken prisoners, and 113,273 deserted,-leaving an effective force of 211,276 on the 31st of December, 1315. From a comparison of the mortality of the Army and Navy during war it appears that the man who entered the army, from 1793 to 1815. ran between two and three times, if a private, and between three and four times, if an officer, the risk of injury in battle that was encountered by one who entered the navy, and that the general chance of death in action to the one was double that of the other. 'When the soldier was ordered on service abroad, the risk became three times as great to the private, and nearly four times as great to the officer,-while, to those engaged in actual hostilities it was respectively 17 and 22 times that of the sailor, the whole navy being considered on active service in time of war. These ratios, however would be greatly lessened if we were to include in our estimate the danger from shipwreck, which made the seaman's risk of death from the casualties of the service three times that of death in battle. A fleet of 30 sail of the line maybe considered as equivalant to an army of 120,000 men; and a single battle on land has been more destructive to life than 20 years of combats at sea. During the Peninsular war, from 1808 to 1813, the average number of sick in each 1,000 was 209 in the British army; in the French army of Spain, 130; and in the French army of Portu al, 146. It appears that on the 2d of October, 1854, there were 6,777 sick and wounded out of 34,642, which is at the rate of 195 in 1,000. Of these 328 only were with the army, and deducting these and the 1,539 who were wounded at the Alma, we have 4.910 sick at Veina; and as the total strength at embarcation was about 35,000, we have 140 out of 1,000 in hospital before active hostilities took place. During the time from the landinf in Turkey to the 6th of September, 1854, the mortality, which arose from disease alone, was at the annual rate of 87 per 1,000; during the five months from the 6th of September, 1854, to the 15th of February, 1855, it was equivalent to an annual mortality of 108 per 1,000 from casualties in action, and 391 per 1,000 from disease-making a total mortality of 499 per l,00 per annum. Of 1,000 deaths in the hospital at Scutari, 575 were caused by diarrhcea and dysentery, 173by fever, and 55 by wounds; inthe Peninsula the respective proportions were 291, 398, and 201. Of 19 great battles of which details had been procured, only 4 were fought by British armies unassisted by allies of other nations, so that it is necessary to state separately the losses sustained by the British only and by the British and Allies together. It appears that in these l9 battles an aggregate British force of 483,205 officers and men -was engaged; that of these 49,281 were either kiUed or wounded, and that of these again 14,517 (nearly 30 per cent.) died from the injuries they received-so that the casualties averaged 114 and the mortality 33 for every 1,000 men engaged. The lowest ratioof casualties in theselD battles is that of the battle of Busaco, 22 per 1,000; the highest loss for the wbole force isatNew Orleans, wherethe loss in kiUedand wounded on the side of theBritishwas317in1,000. At Albuera,thoughthe casualtiesoftheBritishandtheirallieswere only176 perl,0O, those of the British alone amounted to 395per1, 000. A subject to which hardly sufficient attention appearsto have been paid is the relative efficiency of different weapons. It appears from a. return furnished by the sm-geon of the Scots Fusileer Guards, that of 120 men of that regiment wounded at the battle of Inkermann 7 were wounded by the bayonet and 79 by gunshot. Now, it has been confidently and repeatedly asserted that this battle was won by the bayonet - and in the Russian official account of the battle it is called an embittered bayonet contest, and it is stated that their troops had chailenged and routed the well-fed and powerful British troops witi what the latter considered their own peculiar weapon. Yet the Brigade of Guardswas more constantly and closely engaged in this action than any other portion of the army; for, out of 2,382 casualtiessuffered by 26 battalions, 594 were borne by the three battalions of Guards, sothatitisnot probable thattheproportion of bayonet wounds was greater in any other regiment than that mentioned above-viz., 7 in 120, or about 53 in 1,000. Again, at the battle of Balaldava the heavy brigade were opposed by cavalry, and, therefore, most of the wounds which they received were made by lances and sabrus. Of 106 casualties among them 9 were fatal; whereas of the 281 among the light brigade, who suffered from artillery as wvell as from hand-to-hand fighting, 160 were fatal, or more than half, the ordinary proportion being 1 death in 5 casualties. The total amount of knlled and wounded of the British forces in the Crimea, from the 19th of September, 1854, to the 8th of September, 18855 was 13 SSO, of which 4,565 arose from siege duties, 4,39 from assaults, and 4,919 from battles. The zatios of deaths among the wounded officers appears to heve been nearly the same in 1793-1815 and in the Crimean campaign but the proportions returned as killed vary considerably, being 164 officers killed to 836 wounded in the former period, and 233±0 767 in thelatter. The proportion of killed among the private men was nearly tIe same in both wars, being 193 tol,000 in the former and 190 to 1,000 inthe latter. Th_e loss sustained by the Russianis Luring the siege is not known to us; but it appears that on the 17th and 18th of June, and from the 17th of August to the Sthl of September, 1855, inclusively, their loss was 27,8.52. AS the total loss of the Englisb, in killed and wounded, in the .Siee and assaults was 3,061, we shall have, taking the loss of the allies at double that of the English, a total loss of about 27,000; so that the besieged lost as many in the 256 '`&t sanguary days of the siege as the besiegers did durin A1U the 338 days durinin which it lasted. The French qarissoe ' of Badajoz in 1812, consistng of 4,870 men, inflicted4,824 casualties on thleis- assailants in 21 days, withi a loss of 1,600 only of their own men, including deaths from sic-lo ness. In the same year the grrison of Burgos, 2,000 strong/rePulsed their opponents with, a loss of 2,064, killed and wounded, in32 days-their own loss being 639.-UnitCe Se-s-ce Carete. SwIsS PxaQuETERwE.-Tlhe floorings of the ballroom and the saloons at the house of the TuLrkish amsassador were, on the occasion of the visit of Her Majesty on Tuesday evening, laid down in Swiss Parqueterie-which is a solid mosaic orvarious coloured woods in a great variety of devices- under the direction of Messrs. Arrowsmith, of New Bond-street. This invention, by which the necessity of chsking the floors of ball-rooms is avoided, and the consequent dust and dirt got rid of, has been adopted at St. Cloud and ct the I,ouvre, and from its strength, durability, and eie ell worthy the notice of tl,ho to whom niesI cQfomflan,d, decoration are important.
IRELA.D. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDMENT) D'UBL1N, WEnDnESDAY 3ooRINoG. THE TIPPERARY BANK. The Masteri L inThe fatr in Chancery gave judgmnent yesterday n the case of Mr. James Birch Kennedy, and another batch of shareholders who had disposed of their shares in the Tipperary Bank within the last three years. The Master, "After reviewing the authorities advanced and noticing the arguments raised upon them in detail, concluded by dlecreeing that the names of the parties then before the Court, as well as aU others who might have disposed of their shares within the last three years, should be retained on the official manager'slist of contributories to the general liabilities of the bank. He believed there would be serious difficultiesin the way of creditors recovering at law against particular contributories. The ifasterthen said he proposedtomake acal of 401. a-share, believingit necessary for many reasons to do so. One was, that it would prevent the creditors who had come into the office to abide the result of the proceedings there from being injured by other creditors, who had n'ot thought it right to adopt the same course, endeavouring to recover the amount of their claims by means of judgments. For this large caU judgments, if necessary, could be obtained for the benefit of the shareholders generally, but every care, he was deternined, should be taken to prevent the slightest oppression or hardship upon the parties liable. There was a power enabling them to enter into fresh arrangements or entertain fair propositions for receiving that call in parts, and in that office they were disposed, while seeing justice done to the creditors, to guard against undue pressure, and to pursue a moderate course. This call would be miade on Monday week, because it was conceived better for all the parties concerned to do so." FAR2%ffltS' PROsPECrs. A western paper (the Mayo Coistitet ion) says- "W When war's alaram ceased to be sounded, and for the clash of arms were exchanged the cooings of peace, ending in a national thanksgiving, farmers were frightened from their propriety, and a reign of ' croaking' commenced which has not had a long existence. The general cry was " cattle will sell for nothing, farmers are rained, there will be no demand,' and the usual amount of illforeboding prognostications which are consequent on any greatpolitical or social revulsion. But, extraordinary to relate, the prices of May, 1856, are just as brisk, and the demand much greater than in May, 1855, and this notwithstanding the depression of the corn markets-with potatoes and all other ag,ricultulral products a drug; still, prices are~ steadily advancing, and each succeeding frerindicateafurtheri advances. We h.ave been informed byextensive farmers that not only cattle in condition are in demand at full prices, but also young stock, while sheep are unexpectedly much looked after, which may be accounted for by the present prices of wool, which range from 20s. to 22s. per stone. As for pigs, they have not been so dear for many years past, which is chiefly owing to the transit of stores by steamer from Westport and Sligo, and the abundance of potatoes in the country." THE W5EATHE. Should there be any further continuance of the present unsettled weather, the cry will soon be general against the superabundance of rain. A fortnight ago extreme drought formed the subject of agricultural complaint, but it is now in the opposite extreme, and certainly since Sunday last there seems to be some foundation for the fears of the croakers. TIPPERARY iN 1856. A local journal states that there is not, up to the present a single prisoner, in Clonmel gaol for trial at the coming smnner assi.es. In fact, Tipperary, north and south, is becoming quite a model county. THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 93B A s; ditto, for account, 9th of June, 93p Ik; New Three per Cent. Stock, A3 4 S ' Waterford and Iinierick railway debentures, 5 per cent. of 5001., 95; City of Dublin Steam Company (1001. paid), 59A x. d.; City of Dublin Shares of 1836(501. paid), 28 x. d. j Grand Canal Company (1001. paid), 38S; Mining Company of Ireland (71. paid), 14i. llailways.-Cork and Bandon (501. paid), 10; Dublin and Belfast Junction (451. paid), for account, 43i; Dublin and Wicklow (10?. paid), Sh 4; Great Southern and Western (501. paid), 53 ; ditto eighths, 6 per cent. pref. (61. 6s. paid), 7i 1 ; Waterford and EilI kenny (201. paid), for account, 4,.
LEGITIZ1ACY OF THE OFFSPRING OF A DECEASED TWIFE'S SISTER. On Tuesday the Court of Session in Scotland gave judgment in the case of "Fenton v. Livingstone," which has been the subject of so much legal controversy both in England and in Scotlaiid, with regard to the legitimacy of the offspring of marriage with a deceased -wife's sister, according to English and Scotch law respectively. On the 15th of January last the Lord Ordinary, in the Outer House, passed an interlocutor sustaining the claim of Alexander Livingstone, who is alleged to have been born in the connexion referred to, as the leit'inate and nearest heir to the late Admiral Sir Thomas vigstone, of Bedlormie, and his Lordship stated in his note various grounds for holding that, according to the true interpretation of the law of Scotland, marriage with a deceased wife's sister was not unlawful to the effect of rendering the offspring of the counexion necessarily illegitimate. Lord Ardmillan's findings were as follows,. " Finds that the defender was born in England, the offspring Of a marriage celebrated in England, between parties domiciled in England at the date and during the subsistence of the marriage. Finds, as matter of fact, that the defender is legitimate according to the law of England. Finds that his legitimacy ought to be recognized by the Scottish Court. Therefore assoilzies the defender from the conclusions of this action of declarator of bastardy ancd decerns." The decision was reclaimed to the First Division of the Inner House, before which the case was heard before the rising for the spring vacation. The LORD PFESIDENT, in pronouncing the decisionof the Court affirming the interlocutor of Lord ArdmiiUan, said that though it had formed the subjoct of discussion in the Outer House the question whether the marriage of a man with the sister of his deceased wife was or was not, by the law of Scotland, illegal or incestuous, had not been then made the subject of argument before their Lordships. He (the Lord President) was of opinion that there were now before them materials sufficient for the decision of the question raised as to the legitimacy of Alexander Livingstone, the defender in the action of declarator of bastardy, without entering into the question of the illegal or criminal character of the connexion in reference to the law of Scotland. After a careful examination of the evidence bearing on the question he held that in every point of view Alexander \i'ingstone was an Englishman. He was born in England, and had lived nowhere else, as far as the evidence went. He was born of parties who were married in England and had their domicile in England at the time of their marriage as well as at the time of his birth. The next point for consideration was, therefore, whether Alexander Livingstone was or was not legitimate in his own country. That question was raised on the assumption or allegation that the first and second wives of Thurstanus were sisters. The contention was that by the law of England Alexander Livingstone was not lawfully procreated of the marriage between his parents, and that therefore he was not legitimate; but that in England, by the rule of rocedure, inquiry into the question was excluded, which rule of procedure did not apply to the Court in Scotland. By that rule of procedure such questions could only be inquired into in the Ecclesiastical Court, and that inquiry could only take place during the subsistence of the marriage. The Ecclesiastical Courts were restrained or precluded from inquiring after the dissolution of the marriage by the death of either of the parties. However arrived at, the legal result was that in the case which here occurred-viz., the case of no challenge anterior tothe dissolutionof themarriagein lS3s2themarriagewasunchallengeable on the groundalleged,and the offspringwerelegi. timate. Whatever might be the theory in regardtothe law, that was the legalresultas to the status of this party. The law held children of such a marriage to be legitimate-as much so as any other children. Here, then, was an Englishman born in wedlock, legitimate in his own country; he had no connexion with Scotland or its law, except that he claimed to be heir to a Scotch estate, for he (the Lord President) held the original domicile of his, father to have been lost, and to be of no more consequence in the case than that of his grandfather. They were asked to pronounce, in regard to that Englishmau, a declarator of bastardy, and by reason of that bastardy he would be incapable of succeeding to the Scotch estate. T'hat was an appeal to the law of Scotland, and the Court must now give the answer. In his opinion, the answer of the law of Scotland to this appeal was that it recognized the statusof legitimacy which belonged to Alexander Livingstone. WVhatever might be said of the voidability of these marriages, they had at least this important legal quality and effect, that if allowed to ran their course vwithout chalenge they gave to the children a status of legitimacy of which they could never afterwards be deprivedL It was also argued with greatforce that such marriages were by the law of Scotland illegal, and even incestuous, and that they should not abstain from inquiry into the fact that if the parents had resorted to this country the laws of this country would not have tolerated their cohabitation, but would have subjected them to a criminal prosecution, and that to recognize as legitimate the offspring of a connexion which could be proved to have been of that character would be in effect to recognize such marriages and such criminality. That part of the argu,nent, though forcibly put, was not to his mind conclusive. The question which they were really trying w as the question of the statUS of the defender, Alexander Liviagatene, who had not violated the lau-s of Scotland. It did not follow because the fruits of such a connexion, if in Scotland, would not have been legitimate that they were to deny the status of legitimacy which the defender possessed in his own country. The recognition of thatstatusdid not necessarily, or in anydegree, import an approval of the connexion of which he was the offspring. To pronounce a declarator of bastardy in regard to him who in England, Iiis own countrv, wasnot a bastard, but, on the contrary, was in the full possession of the entire status of lawful children, would be to introduce a new doctrine not forced upon them by any principle of the law of Scotland t4't he knew of. Hle gave this opinion irrespective of the Astg 1835. It was not necessary to call it into action in jh;es;g, for the marriage was dissolved before that date. At l tbe5?m^;e tine the act had itsapplication, audgave power and to the defendant in this action, because it declared `,. X wrrnages not to be questionable by a proceeding by which tj' v were formerly questionable. Such being his views on this <v he thought the Court should adhere to the interlocutoh t Fthe Lord Ordinary. The other Judt `g (Lords Ivory, Currielill, and Deas) concurred, and the CoC,t 4ecerned accordingly. THE AjXRTCAN MIA,vi,-LIVERPOOL, Mfay 28.- The steamship Bicsson, wh tch has been temporarily placed on the lineof the United Sta teS' Mallu teamers in the place of the Pacific, sailed to-day for NCT Y wnt,b a cargo, t4j mails, and six pSaengero,
THE. MfURDER OF MIR. GEORGE, iN ikDiA.-The murderer of the unfortunate man George has been tried, found guilty, and sentenced to be han-ed and burnt. From the judicial proceedings it pearsthatthe police sowars who accompanied Mr. George behaved shamefully, although they at first brought in so flaming a report of their conduct that Major Edwardes was on the point of rewarding them most liberally. The murder is thus described by the Judicial Commissioner:-" Mr. George was riding along the road (from Peshawnur to Kohat), well armed himself, and vith some of his servants close to him-the sowars a long way behind. The assassin got behind Mr. George aud lodged in his side the contents of a pistol loaded with ball, which took effect in the region of the left kidney. Mr. George fell from his horse, and the assassin leaped the ditch of the road, reloaded, came up to Mr. George, and discharged a second shot, which took effect under the nipple of the right breast." The assassin then ran away. Of the two sowars, one, instead of pursuing, rode off to a foot police station near at hand; and, pretending that it was of no use for him to pursne the murderer since his carbine would not go off, actually dismounted, aud allowed a foot policeman to take his place and go in pursuit. The other sowar did not run away; he even made a show of pursuing, and kept the enemy in sight during a chase of foulr miles. But he took good care not to close with him. The servants of the murdered man kept up the chace, and one of them appears to have fired a shot which wounded the assassin. But the real captors were two zemindars, to whom the murderer paid the compliment of surrendering himself-they being worthy followers of the prophet. The first wound was not fatal, as Mr. George, after falling from his horse, called out to one of his servants, who had run up to hima on hearing theshot, 'Chowkedar, ldll him!' The second shot must have been immediately fataL We are glad to see that the two sowars have met with condign punishment. The man who actually ran away has been sentencedto twoyears' hard labour;* the Duffadar, who introduced him into the service, has lost his right of patronage, 'as a warning to the other officers that theyhad better look to their bargeers.' The second sowar, who only'kept out of danger, has been dismissed the service; while the foot policeman, who mounted the horse of the runaway, has been liberally rewarded, and recommended for promotion."--Lahore Chronidce, April 19. VAUXHAL-GAnDuNs.-Last evening the entertainments at this, the oldest and perhaps the best place of its class in the environs of the metropolis, were commenced for the season under the management of 3Mr. Wardel. There was almost every diversity of amusement, equestrian and pedestrian performances, illuminations, fireworks, &., and the attraction of the "Derby" balL in which not a few of the performers "went the pace." The evening was not a favourable one as far as the weather was concerned, nevertheless there was a good attendance. As usual, the absorption of champagne and the demolition of chickens formed prominent features of the evening, the company keeping up the enjoyment till daybreak. The music was very good, andthe bands placed at different points prevented too much crowding and confusion. Upon the whole, the season has commenced under good auspices, and the " Royal Property" bidsfair to regain its ancient popularity. It may be as well to state that the same sort of festival will be repeated on Friday, the "Oaks" day. TnE WORCESTERS}HHE REFORmATORY.-The reformatory established by Lord Ward for Worcestershire has just been inspected by the Government Inspector of Prisons for the district, who expressed himself highly satisfied with the plan of the buildings and proposed management. When the certificate shall have been received from the Home-office due notice and a memorandum of the necessary conditions for committal will be sent to themagistracy of the county of Worcester. MIR. BRIGTw, M.P., IZ THE HEIGYLADS.-The hon. member for Manchester ha; already arrived in the Highlands, and has commenced his regimen of daily exercise among ourbracinghills. He 4rrived at the Argyll Hotel, Inverary, on Monday last, and intends, we believe, to remain there for a short time, to enjoy the excellent &shiing to be had amoag the Highland loche and mountain streams of that romantic district.-Inmerzcss Coir-ter. AccrIDnsn.-Yesterday as a lady, accompanied by her nurse and child, was entering Hvde Park by the Marble-arch, the carrig'e of Iady Chesterfield came past at a great speed, and the lady was knDcked down, the wheels passiag over her chest and injuring her arms. She vas conveyed to St. Georg's Hospital, where every attention was paid to her, and w,e are gld to add that the injury was£s M found to be not very MtiQU&I
INDIAN COMfMERCE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The public owe a debt of gratitude to Colonel Sykes, the present chairman of the East India Company, for the publication of his paper on the external commerce of British India during two periods of years-namely, the eight years (ended April 30) 1834-5 to 1S41-2, and the five years 1849-50 to 1853-54, originally read before the Statistical Society in January last, and recently noticed in one of your City Axticles. This paper contains a series of valuable tables embodying the most important data connected with the exports and imports of India for the several years of the two periods, which are further elucidated by Colonel Sykes's explanations, and throw a flood of light on some of the most obscure and perplexing questions connected with Indian finance. This information is doubly valuable at the present time, when the financial position and general condition of India promise to become fruitful subjects of interesting discussion in Parliament. The public debt of India was pro- nounced by Peel to be virtaxlly a portion of the debt of ' England, though it hardly needs the great authority of his name to establish a position which is almost self-evident, as the debt of India has been incurred by Governments whose constitution and powers have been settled by the British Parliament. Alreadv amounting to near 50,000,0001.sterling, the debt of India is annuallyincreasing, and may soon attain dimensions that would prove a source of anxiety and alarm to the British nation. The advantages which accrue to. England through her connexion with India have not hitherto been adequately appreciated, and have only of late years been thought of by the general public at all. India provides an honourable and prosperous career for thousands of Englishmen in her civil and military services, while affording a wide field of em ployment for others in industrial pursuits; and, in addition to aU this, she pours into the lap of England an annual tribute of several millions sterling to meet the numerous charges in this country which are defrayed out of the revenue of India. Such at least was the view of the relations of the two countries taken by thinkers who had studied them closely; but Colonel Sykes now comes forward with a novel theory, and essays to prove that the view in question is altogether a mistaken one. He asserts that the 4,000,0001. taken from the Indian revenue and transferred to England have been miscalled a tribute, and that, so far from being so, the transfer is of positive and great advantage to India, as well as to British commerce. If this be correct, and the abstraction of a fLfthof one country's revenue to bespentinanotber country has not only no prejudicial, but, on the contrary, a beneficial influence on the prosperity of the paying country, the result may well be viewed as most extraordinary, and common sense will be slow of accepting any demonstration, however plausible, of a position so completely at variance with our ordinary experience. It will be well, then, to examine narrowly whether so remarkable a conclusion is fairly deducible from the facts. Colonel Sykes's data show that in the first period of eight years ending April 30, 1841-42, the aggregate value of exports of all knds fromIndia amounted tolOS,052,293L.,while the value of the corresponding imports amounted only to 76,395,7641., leaving a balance of 31,656,5291. due to India on account of her external commerce. From this the value of stores sent to India during the period by the East India Company, and not included in the retums-2,336,924L--has to be deducted, which leaves a debt still due to India of 29,319,6041. This amount is the measure of what has been called the tribute for the period in question, and Colonel Sykes considers it enough for his argument to assert that it could only have been liquidated by bullion exports, to the manifest embarrassment of the monetary system of this country, had not the annual pecuniary wants of the East India Company, miscalled tribute, cometo the relief of commerce and the monev-market. The results for the second period of five years ending 30th April, 1853-4, are equally striking. The aggregate total valuo of Indian exports during this period amounted to 95,715,476?., and of imports to 55,292,688?. (inclusive of 18,993,8651. bullion), leaving a trade debt due to India of 20,828,9231., which, as before, is the measure of her tribute to England, or, according to Colonel Sykes, of the enlargement of her export trade due to the home charges, or pecuniary wants of the East India Company in this country. The argument of Colonel Sykes will be found to rest on the exploded mercantile theory that money alone is wealth, and that the advantage of foreign trade to a country is measured by the excess of exports over imports, which must hepaid to it in bullion. He states, as the first and most important of the results established by his paper, that " for the last 20 years the balance of trade has annually increased in favour of India." This theory, however, modern political economists have shown to be untenable. The ablest perhaps of them all, John Stewart ill, holds, "that the only direct advantage of foreign commerce consists in the inports. A country obtains things which it could not have produced at all, or which it must have produced at a greater exense of capital and labour than the cost of the things which it exports to payfor them."* Colonel Sykes, on the other hand, is of opinion that India enjoys some great advantage, because it imports bullion largely, as if bullion alone constitutedwealth, and possessedanintrinsic value superior to all other commodities. True it is, as brought to notice by Colonel Sykes, that a large amount of bullion has been absorbed by India which has not again left the country. This may be part3y accounted for by the mniversal desire of the people of that country for gold and silver ornaments, which are to be found worn by all classes, poor as well as rich, and must occasion a very large waste of the precious metals in their manufacture. Another cause, of perhaps even greater influence, has been a fiscal change introduced by the British, who collect the land revenue of India in cash, instead of directly or indirectly in kind, accordig to the practice of the native Governments. When the land-tax was collected in kind a comparatively limited metallic currency sufficed for effecting its realization, and for the transfer of agricultural produce from the grower to the consumer. Foreign commerce was then of small amount, and the products of the landwere mostlyconsumedinthe neighbourhoodofthe places where they were grown. Now, on the contrary, agricultural produce is largely grown for export to foreign countries, and has to be transported over long distances from the interior to the ports of the coast. All this has involved an immense increase of cash transactions, which has called for a corresponding increase of the metallic currency. The introduction of our revenue system into a province in India is immediately signalized by a tightness of the money-market. The coin in circulation proves insufficient; prices fall, and, as a consequence, exports inci-ease, by means of which additional bullion is gradually obtained. This process was without doubt in action throughout the periods embraced by Colonel Sykes's tables, and is likely to continue for a long time to come, until the metallic circulation of India attain a normal condition and become sufficiently large for the wants of the country under British rule. But even then the absorption of the precious metals by India would be very large in order to supply the waste occasioned by an enormous metallic circulation and the great consumption of gold and silver in arts and manufactures. India, then, is at present struggling tosupply herself with a sufficient amount of bullion, to bring her currency into a healthy normal condition. To do this she is compelled to make heavy sacrifices. Prices are kept at a low standard, and, in consequence, she has to give a proportionately large share of her productions to obtain the requisite supplies of bullion. The evils of this state of things, instead of being reheved, as Colonel Sykes supposes, are enormously aggravated, by taking from India to be spent in England a portionof the annual revenue of the former country, which does not now fall much short of 5,000,000?. sterling. But for this, builion would flow to India much more rapidly than it does, and the normal condition of her metallic currency, now desiderated, would be much more rapidly attained. The boasted balance of trade in favour of India is but the gauge of her wants and the evidence of her distress. She is suffering from a famine of the precious metals. Her exports go on icreasing, while her imports remain stationary; which, so far from being an evidence of prosperity, shows clearly that she is obtaining her imports of goods and the precious metals at a heavier and heavier cost. In support of this view I would quote the opinion of Stewart Mill on the effect of a Government expenditure abroad, such as is here in question:-" If, beforethe country became liable to the annual payment, foreign commerce was in its natural state of equilibrium, it will now be necessary for the oseremittances, that foreign countries should be induced to take a greater quantity of exports than before; w hich can only be done by offering these ex[ports on cheaPer terms; or, m other wrords, by payin" dearer for foreign commodities. The international vaTues will so adjust themselves that, either by greater exports or smaller imports, the requisite excess on the side of exports will be brought about, and this excess will be- come the permanent %tate. The result is, that a countrv which makes payments to foreign countries, besides losing what it pays, loses, also, something more by tho less advantageous terms on which it is forced to exchange its productionsforforeign commodities." E:very wordof this quotation is strictly applicable to the case of India and England. India pays to England not merely an annual tribute, but a higher than a natural price for all that is received from the latter country in exchange; while E3ngland, in addition to the tribute, obtains her imports from India at a lower price. This condition of the relations between the two countries will also help to solve the mystery of India remaining Poor, in spite of the balance of trade being always in her favour. But let not England selfishly or ignorantly continue to drain awvay the resources of India and think that this can be done safely while the exports of India continue to increase, for such a policy w ould sooner or later meet witla a just retribution. The debt of India would continue to increase, and have eventually to be borne by England. And let British manufacturers be slow to believe that imports of their productions into India have any other natural limit than the ability of India to pay for then. The natives of that country have no lack of desire for the comforts and conveniences of life. If, then, imports of goods into India have now reached an apparent limit, it may be concluded that India is in greater w ant of bullion than of goods, and that until that want is satisfied she vMill continue to import bullion in preference to goods. The facilitation of British commerce due to the annual pecuniary wants of the East India Company in this country would thus seem to be resolved auto a hurtful interference with the natural course of trade, by' which India is prevented from obtaining the supplies of bullion which she requires, aud the consumption of British manufactures in that country is hindered f-om attaining the development of which it is capable. A RETIRED INDIAN OFCIAL ! JPI QL aohWM e s a To'. Aln p. U&
THE ADVOCATE'S LICE.MSE. (From the Exominer.-) Lord Campbell has expressed the hope that journa will abstain from any comment upon the evidence given on the trial of William Palmer til the delivery of the verdict. So be it; but there is a point out of the domain of evidence, and nottoucbing in any way on the question of the prisoner's guilt or innocence, which we feel free and provoked to discuss. It is the conduct of counsel. The question -we wou-ld raise has nothing to do Tvith what Palmer has done or has not done, and we would request our readers to sup. pose any other prisoner in his place, in considering the fitness or unfitness of his advocate's conduct, both with reference to public interests and professional character. The rule of professional conduct ought to be uniform-. the same in all circumstances, but it is observable that In cases strongly engaging the public attention the advocate's zeal moves him to psitions which he does nct hold on ordinary occasions. Since the trial of Thurtell there has hardly been a remarkable case inwhich the counselfor the prisoner has not wept for his client, or protested his solemn oelief in his innocence. Now, if this were the rule in all cases, we should see no more objection to it than to any other mere form to which no significance is attached; bnt the advocate of the man charged with sheep-stealing, or any undramatic offence, does not ealin protestations of innocence. He uses his best endeavour to show that the man is not guilty according to the evidence, but he does not introduce his own belief as an unsworn witness in his favour. Why is this? Is it the thing at stake that makes the difference? Hardly so, for character is not less precious than life, and between cases of life and death the diference is observable, for the prisoner who does not engage the public interest never obtains the benefit of the advocate's solemn or passionate assurances of innocence. Is it, then, when the Court becomes dramatic, that belief of innocence becomes a stage property of the advocate? oris it that in these great cases the proportionably large fee retains the belief in question, together with the -other services? However that may be, does the protestation carry weight or not ? Has it, or has it not, weight on the minds of the jury? If the answer is in the affirmative, 'what must be the effect when the advocate does not deal in these assurances? and how big with prejudice must be the abstinence. How differently, then, must fare the prsoner with a counsel with a belief in his innocence, and without a belief ! And who that could afford it would not engage a true believer? It is the advocate's part and duty to deal with evidence, to deal with argument on the facts, to deal with law; but not to intrude his own belief upon the Court before the stage for belief in any one has arrived-namely, the completion of the case. lr. Serjeant Shee is not the first by several who has turned voucher for his client; but he has, perhaps, more strongly than any of his predecessors, exemplified the vice of the practice. " I am moved by the task that is before me, but I am not dismayed. I have this further cause for not being altogether overcome in discussing the mass of eviderce -which has been laid before you. When the papers in the case came into my hands I had formed no opinion as to the gult or innocence of the prisoner. MIy mind was perfectly free to form what I trust will prove to be a right judgment upon the case, and-I say it in all sincerity-having read these papers, I commenced his defence with an entire conviction of his innocence. I believe that truer words were never pronounced than the words he uttered when he said 'Not Guilt to this charge, and if I fall in establshing his innocence to your satisfaction, I shall have very great misgivings that my failure is attributable only to my inability to do justice to his case, and not to any weakness in the case itself." Here is a pretence to a judicial function and authority. He, the advocate, professes cxpa-srt to have formed a right judgment, and to have come to the conclusion to which no one else certainly had a right to arrive, of the verdict warranted by unheard evidence. INow let us suppose for amoment that the case had been of another character, and that Mr. Serjeant Shee had been as much prejudiced as ho was in this instance prepossessed in favour of his client would he have thought himself at liberty to intimate his beief ? No, assuredly not. But, after this specimen of his zeal, the absence of his assurance of innocence must always be supposed to argue his conviction of the guilt of his client. The tendency therefore is to raise fees to such an amount as may ensure belief in innocence, and the effect of this on the character of the profession cannot but be debasing. It is the hiring of a false pretence. In the honourable services of the advocate none of them exceed the province of truth. He may defend the worst cause against a conclusion not borne out by the.facts proved, orby the rule of law, buthecannotinvent orput forth what is fase. Do we impute such conduct to Mr Sereant Sheet No; we have no nght to dispute the trnth of his protestation, but we have the right and -we do dispute the propriety of his giving utterance to a judgment in anticipation of the judgment of the Court, and tending to bias the jury unduly. We maintain that the counsel for a prisoner has no right totumr himself into a witness for the prisoner-a voucher or sponsor for the prisoner. He is free to employ all his arguments, his learning, his technical skill in his client's behalf, but not his word-of-mouth belief in his innocence. In another passage of his speech Mr. Serjeant Shee thur,endeavoured to intimiidate the jury:- "You have been told that this was done to cover appearances. Done to cover appearances! No-no-no! You cannot 'elieve it. It is not in human nature. It cannot be true. You cannot find him guilty-you dare not find him guilty on the supposition of its truth. The country will not stand by yon if yo believe it to be true. Younwill e impeached before the world if yon say that it is true. I believe in my conscience that it is false, and that, consistently with the rules that govern human nature, it cannot possibly be trae. (Sensation and murmurs of applause.)" Munrmurs of applause! The actor with his rant had suc.- ceeded in tnuning the court into a theatre. - So the jury were not to dare to believe one way; the country would not stand by them if they believed certain statements true; they were to be impeached if they believed in the truth. Mr. Serjeant Shee alone was free to believe in his conscience, and his belief was to overrule and suppress all other beef. The jury, if they thought otherwise, were not to dare to give a verdict accordin to their oaths! SoblustersMIr. Serjeant Shee. Butwhy use thewords, on his conscience? Would it not be more to the purpose tosay, " I believe on my fee that it is false ?T 'hat is a protestation thoroughly intelligible, and measuring the estenttowhich its merits credit. lt is for the interests of justice and for the honour of the profession that it should be considered and determined whether or not Mr. Serjeant Shee has exceeded the advocate's license in the passages of his speech we have quoted. The judges did not stop him for a, good reason, but rule should stop such practices for the future, aud the members of the har, aided by the judge,* should draw the border line to what takes to itself &e name of the advocate's zeal passing the bounds of his fairlicense.
STATE OF TRZADE. NO T EA1 AL.y 28. The lace trade is quiet, but as warmer weather has setil we may speedily look for a change for the better, more especially in the fancy branches. The demand for the superior cass of goods has been dull in consequence of theseverity of the spring. 3Ianufactuxers may, however, now look for an improved demnand. There is a tolerable amount of business doing in the bosiery trade, a good deal of which is for the American market, but hosiers complain of the high priceof material, and there is no doubt that business, to a certain extent, is checked by these high prices. There is nothing now doin&g for the hoaie trade, but the operatives are on the whole tolerably employed, and wages are remunerative.
UKI=rD SATES' SEsAs-.-SHIUrMs, May 27.- At the prefent time there are a considerable number of large United States merchant vessels in tfh Tyne takmng in coals, but as there is notreaty between this country and the United States for the resto. ration of runaway seamen, many of the masters of those vessels are suffering the greatest inconventence through the men leaving their vessels and joining British vessels. In fact, some large vessels are lying in Shields' harbour ready for sea with only four or five hands on board. Tifteem masters of those vessels, accompanied by the irspectors of tbe river police, and NIr. Herbert Dav theAmenean Vice. Con sul at Newcastle-on-Tyne, have made applcation to tho mayor and magistrates in North Shields to solicit the assistance of the police to restore themen to their duty. Atu the interviewv the masters stated, that since their vesselsa have come into the harbour it has been impossible to maintain discipline among the rmen * they go on shore 'when they think proper and return when they think proper, and areinacompletestate of insubordination; they xnshed to l;now whether the magistrates would adjdct in cases of insubordination, and aUow the police to interfere to prevent crimps inveigling their men away from the vessels to employment in British ships, as wages were higher in the Tyne than in the American service. The Mayor, Captain Linkidll, replied, that as no treated existed between England and the United States, as between England and most European countries, for the restoration of runaway seamen, the authorities on the Tyne had no power to order the police to interfere with the seamen, either it maintaining discipline or in restoring them to their vessels if they ran away; so long as they did not mak-e themselves amenable to the law of England. British owners, he said, suiffered most severely -when their vessels touched at American ports hy the seamen being induced to desert wholesale, and in some instances the captains of the vessels 0o deserted had beem obliged to pay as high as 151. a-month to seamen to, bring back the vessels to England. He Imew that the hiaine Department of the Board of Trade in this countr was anxious that the American Govermnent should plaee the marine of that country upon, the same terms of reciprocity with England, with regard to seamen, as the princioal maritime States of Europe, and he suggested that the viceconsul at Newcastlo should make out a detailed account of the inconvenient position of American captais visiting British ports, and remit it to the Government at ashing ton. An American master made a somewhat impertinent observation to the bench with respect to coloured men, and asked if the property of the Amencan owners was not to be Protected in British ports? The mayor replied, that the men were engaged by a civil contract, and that. just such an amount cf discipline could be exercised towards the men while in a British port as was compatible with the laws of this country. Coloured men and white men were aiike ini England; they were all equally free and equal as soon as they came within the jurisdiction of our laws. About 5G men have run away from their vessels; a great number of them are coloured men. [Advertisement.-A good cheap Pronouncing Dictionaty isr requId by eTreryes nd that want can new be_anyledbhywocuring " Dr. -NuttarIs Walkeesa DictionaLry" (price 2a), 'w ch contLins 2.OOnewrsOrds that science, literature. or art baTe introduoed into m-nguage It also contains an lntroduction to English Gruemasrigin, Construction, und Denntion of the English aa-J . nunciatien oX the mare imDportant Euoptsean aa czi: rec Geunan Dtch ~paib. wedsh Daish IorMmee-Directions for Addressing ecrsena0 of ank-Chsr~onoleas Tabie, from the Oea tin to the Irreaset time. It ii. inac. a per!ect freasmly of knowledge. The Seth thousand Dou roady prnee 2e. or tree by IxoetSoI X M~m. ZiO4~, teldge ead 00., farinidon'sctset
SALES BY AUCTIOIN. To Contractorr and others.-ckvenlcnpital Herune in good conclition. the Harnes for ditto, nine Water Carts (three quite now), a nealY new Van, a Chaff Nachine by Wedlake. ke. ME SSRS. VELSFORD and Co. w31l SELL by oN, on the Premises, Royai-billmew. Shepherd's-bushmake. n hcda,Jle , st12ir , hegetdeSTOCK inTR.ADE of r. . Hseob, n econt f hs etirlyrelic quishing thevsatezing oi tho Dan;* the abyoe purnpeertyea tdlhe wk.l.- of t'mhe teis tnTrr4e of a Vamnan. On vie;r Mlond.aY smd tuoraing of sale. CMta. lo eues on the premi~sees and of the aueaeer, 35, New Cmurch.iteet, wre-rood, ae , WBbeen.greyc. Profit Rent of £150 Per annum, for 34 -yearsl on the Gronrenor Eetae.I W.AR ELGOOD will SELL;- sitthe0~ MSt, on Tuiesday' LLnext,'by arder of the Executors of, R. IL welcb. V"q., deoeose-d In one lot, a wvell situate LEASIfIilLD ES-TATli of HOUSES ass! plae ajoiing le togoo teant atmodratrenta, andl roducln a escue nt rntalof 150per nnu; iexovired temna 31 years Pritedpaticlas t hendtth Mrt;utesz&s Eray,Warren.anmd Haring soiciors 57 Grat ussll-tret;and rt 3Ir.E*ood!s ofioes LiOper animun for 18 ear, onthe Portland Balote, St.-musylebe. .i/FI. ELG~OOD Will SELL, at the3fart, on TuesdKy YJ.neat, byr order of the E_xecutors of Mrs. Smith, deccasd. an eligble LEAkSEHOLD PItOPEicTT, ompr;iing the spaciouspremises No., Beaurno.t-street. a central locality near Devon lire-plsceE R,e- net reut of 70 per annump, tihe lessee havin put the Preimises irito re- parFartieslara, wben ready, at the M%ast;- of Mr. Randsil Y~ Weiosck-stroet ; and of lhfr, Elgood, ~. Wimpolestreet Haryley flouse. N\ew-road. Rezcnt7s-park. ]/R. ELGOOD will SELL. onl W'ednesthy next, JJ ad followrindays. the capit-1 FURINITURE, sniuloeg maho-. gany, brass and othier b)edsteads anid bedding, several wsinged and zqiulsewardrobes mnarble top tables;, and otber chamber articles, a va- rit f dhrawbin room furniture, in wvinclow bangingg, sofas, chairs, and induging ditto. rosewood tables. cabinets, pedestals 3music stands, ecreensq. k.c., sevra gases, pianoforte andl ereaphine. a few- Pictures andorrnsnts lmps m ofnobe inig abls.carved aul pedestal sideoard, rrcopeits, dnnerwagons,&c.library chiirs, tables,1 of MElcod.9!,Wirpol-steetNot. Tsedsiiguishedxresidence, Green wich.-P'r,eholt iliildiog Ground for four Huses MjR. TOWNSEND uwi1l SELL by AUCTIONq, at kTL te Greyhoiind, Greenwich. on Tuies-day, June 3. at 2i. n corner Iolot of vAnalseb1 BUILDiNG GROUIND. oppn:Ite the Beehive, Bridgestreet, May be viewed.t Particulars of Robert Parkeor, Esq., sohcitor. Greenwich: - or c-f the aretinneer. Greenwich. Blackhseatlr-k'air uf Villa Residences. with large Gardenis, Wt iow ~~ TOW ~~~ grounld renta. RTONSEND will SELL by AUCTION, at .ijl the Greyhoeund, Gresiiwi.sh, oiiTuesdlay. Juno 3 at9 aPAIR of s-prio,r modern-semi-detachaed IESIIItN'OS, delig-htfauly situate, I and2, C MUline Villas. Charlfon-road. Blaclibeathi, one muile.fromi the the station. neut £15each. May ba-dewed, Pariicula-s now ready, Of A,. lh1ristow. Ean, solicitor, London-strelet, Greenwich; or of the auctioneer. Greenwich, and G Ishill. SCent. rCemaviclr.-Ldaza of Caoper's Riting ines at a ground rout. JR . TOWNSEND -ill SELL by AUCTTON-\, atth Iii herGreyhound. GreenJich.- can 'Thaecey, June 3. atE2,cthe prsabovewellingohunBsIe. t SoPRtaessmiSEsanhdTeanod weeNwithp a-se stusn, consctage dincly siteae.iNo. ing-treet. los ner' thepah ietay b PatviewdlP,rtour of S A.As EFit. Brilistowrq, soi6.cig-tor. t,ndon-stree Grouenwichi or of the auctioneer. (ler-awlerbu n ClrF bl. Kn- Eycerdigyerbof te luostmaent.-,lirlthe Leaseholdql to oreety ordbiuga 110 u a epprcsndiect, fold Ford-roaD, Beavirws.,te re Th,FR. J. LUCKIN will SEL-L by AUCTION, at the Mi art, on meursday, June mp at l.TATcompact ESthTe; celn- Iron re; and of tire auctoneer.tlei,uttuoneersh30v Excedigl-eliibl inves tment,o thetem,qulofreldben 11F..LUCKITN vill SELL bA CTION, atth i ILar. June~- ur.at. at comac SL TATe,m copIsing Ithreselbuilt dwbeing Nous. , No2,59.7, and 7, DnceBead-roadVillag oladroader with. capte B oroach-house' and rstbin,tabl aenns valuabentplotogonda the rear, peroducing aoetauf it pranu. u s-ih scaal ofbrieeodr gratlow inoeasd, Mayts b viewe. PareicuL lars of J.~ jat Mathews, Es._ solicitor. SO. Bao5".-hall,stret; and Of the auctioneer.0, Il. uclserubury. city. Firrmcire'yi nestments. un'erBosni-o I% R;W.F.IA'INO-Dwill SELL by AUCTCOTI at t Jhuarbnse. 5, Satr1.aSIX sei-etachOOied VILL oficeS!mPENC0wS, being aIlforI, 2 GOL WAT, S nd baels u,orVlias,MryIhn4ie,to fitt0nper annum, held arnwfect fomB. To B,e viewdefnoir,Esqthesa freehaolder,bat lowgroeundtronts.rMysb iewed. Carticulatrs of J.. Natthew3, Mersgatesolicitor, S i, Batahal-iret; and oftheraucotioeer FBo-ots She. ndd-Lteatsuner dient.. IJR.W FA.NIHAMMHLNOND WllSELLLb bvCTION, JY tthe WaSID Ehoese. e STar-yard nearly pos r.Witethe li offieTo omorrowFrda. cast. 11nf or]h,GOL WAfetCH, chain. ibrary h.oookpaise gaofttig,hneiselaeu effects. Toy be viewedthdzyboran benig forh sale. ii nncatalogues ned at tu r.etonoeer's estee,3 Cnnuatrey-stret Sinoinhark brod. 143, Aiherstne-estre--nle hfmga and of h ntinh 13 lers.-gto trept Boofcl ese t, Soe and TiesLoather Trer ades he iogr l/R. SAETEL BROHNSO will SELL by AUC-I it Ton. th t hreiseRos a bv, on WNady uednesdayor . Jte 4.EaI12 theREIDUTFE of the StOCe inSEo TRADE o Pl. Uhittighas, of men's. Ellomen's, and chidren'sd bwoot andtshoes, anjextensvlae iassrt ment of obe-et-nsiertbln butse,hoffatl, sinu, hep, shoe1hides,ralf. kin Penamelled and p.iate,ntarss ai, -e,a; isutaboeironyrsafes,thraeesgoldan siler wthes. ibreT,endiamond grclos,anfewbets c:ofgshoe mercery. and ather deseritio.Ma be viewed Iathe daybore and m:aorning of stlep,an catloges e of Messrs.Sms. Toeaale, anoe manufactures, ASouthharkbride-eet th aur es n of the auctioneer . 14. AdePoat-tteet Lower-tree.ualIeLaindlo.-£sc er anneol-Cbapi,tgtaleruinessPrempites Oenficl FutLrease tc ndothetensissof ahGrocer Jand heemnarErq., HODGSETEBOAD %vi llS SELL T b N,AaCTION, on-,dy the Prmie, end Monsday, Jthe 2.ofJue at 12 for.puthe2BNE oar ade eof siesobi the whole of tt' he valueaofl£10Lpe an n 1SCL um.O hldfrAR aong therm atte low. reyntaldM. of ther annum. Themproparserty-sa clawi. fr a -irT ontag,ndissuiabl ford anyleteol tranides;aa thieeStclando boonscisofaproEer t nd cbeksofemiungert. Gehman are of h, &cna doesitio an. O tnvIewoariuesam n aalge.n iepo areses ; df MePesr.Saes, teyssdate, an odSafilrland, H1 enhonc.'Md street: or ofttehutoeaeisr. 2e. Poltrofryyb.ACIn~.- the Ni. lthele aw ernd MisJdeneoausLibrary, ogether.wShbte cairita IOLDic FurnATuE, adeligther pEaoedisno the lat , JI A. anearly sq,t linte wit timberms f coxrnerno growthste and i Chanery-lane.tst on M.r.ay.ths2d nd uesay. he d o Jue,aratioh,alf-pas th12b orderof tie Exeutor the aluabe iA asrnd MSered highlyva LIisAIt of he ate A,Maynrd,Bep oftr1cahe s tnne theple, barrste-atlaw Th la lilor cotais agor nesteletio ofa moem miscelanous oosa cathropisenth te wor d of emnnMesrma. Ferench and Italian, auet-thrs,eendrt. Egih-ok,&.Teolc uhr Lmebodrn, and milpnes hamLu-ndsomedbookcase,librar tmablFes.bmaho FcaTrbmvewd and1 catloges h-tade, iheos J1 SR. HUMERRIND handsO reseci ntfullyianLviEUncta thh eyvaree instructuned toewl offe bye pbicatUCT.,VIO,at thelart, Jue l.atter. ten oftJrnoo, a mvaluable and mostdeiable FREEHOLD ES. !TATo, delihtrly p0lacred o n rich grouendpstore hnearl elgir acres:b cmrsinge af feiiation reosidesnceuo a oompact o scale, erecion eotsf selent doesticdoences. jdm b stalnt adn, lature berongPrticularly ouea rsaLtedn with timbl sil herer Lflxuintgowh and thrng the icestsa-te,o esate hasn a verympl conefeaterl roTage lto iosec green, as welluas two ablenfo buildigng purdss, andpton_-presents, atrng otaims Eeto hea tenio ofApRNESer eithe forchicnpatio r invsmet MayL by viewduabye soorErT ofro the auctioneernly,_ o and p Yrti-tearschae. dasriord by sale atne the ng residence; h it n of M0 essrs. co eting stuand Sor.eign bieetst repies, a- mcs aiu unosies bu L0 intiyg, twoater- foromirs Lutn, eds-mal"abl smalldiFreehold FrgnlPanig arm. 3r,n dien Cotags,ing thr eetlots. rSaior Tnism ofro th revsewoo diin tus underithe wll of he lsoate Mr. Willia day.Juez 5.bic cat an theaffenonfr, aw veyvlabieparofadompates aFREEgOlDses PA f3d,ofwnarly 70 mbnacresofnichgrbl ed pastunre landur, i veryighfu Mtatbe ofenIlatio-, i-auslBsessin angod Vstes forine elrrecionof sat,oni an hihgavlly soil. Thbe, rivery Learuns throug Other eorstt, mieAromuthe vaube ~dl-acrbeChng towpef ba,andear isd rowdoccupie byar Fpnj PSgoa.-o la,ros bespng ble tia ardnt. at a prentaltofor110nper annum StickdO wh fesr. thBrosne a Cof, thy saose disirceotieton uita Mihnlmas neCTIN tUse aiveFrieehold Cottversatd-sardens, onTuesday atn Li3br and Biofloinget May betowed pricr etbatin sbe,n anwsd of).e lhees wiupofthcten Lacond an plzan of the eiinate may bhe hadian of M Warrng. somiilficitre. Letob orn ofee hig,John noblerlants oan agent, architect, surveor bandYu aulgrticalgro umtina. Beds. f,re. n cork-terracev.' Veent'sDiaa Rk,bPng,tuycb, Oiia _aioeHrcnlngs,yBor Chainato, Froreign t Birds, eptlen Ind ectu, an oinery executsd fontij;r.thbaRchNaESa (figuBiUrchan-uc wri i]a ) SueL by tla aso AsyChbyTIO. nJune , ahendm Ofthein dAyno, en te Premiis entomaluachteti'eCO 1 nT hesT n of theer, eSItENCE mo.ai ta1, , cosktly fnlormed bychiueyowner flaingabl fresidencei of t0heafrs, cnist,ingo sttuffed foeind tbirds mreptles, - agand insesariousl cureciouso items,tabou orgndandlpaintra in fargy Magdcloen Wloshningte Feetlco ofw grSandur baley pOthVenis, anldbrary of books, ofare. olMcia bte vaiewdthfroiue,dy tabevos,t h ae n caties,cse,clonuers two cabet pianofficsrtles,rs cIausv bed roomey- item cinmahoany f-ou-pautend others, buenstead andfrnitables and glasses, an numeav.Grousam othersitemscinta.-gAss kitche roorle acs fall Ye,o Cstateg-s a fA .Sih,Fn,slctr 7 Gretru'amt-os toe Boffrfordr; SAtE th ork -a'sl Albany', Regtent p4ark:, andY on Mrly inrnelot 1 , Pursui-antto ain Or-dir oft,l,-hCD Ofelancctiu Mnarbe itathee Groups Rae usts n aes, fine oldt Bronzpps. Macale th andz Malachit ables.t Galler tictues.-C andoter Worksd of 'almably vmaluable P2RLDrbeChSnneT-pofues,Candlab3a andpesitute in the Wluage o: Sonut. M s5arsten, in the comity of. Wilt- adioinng the tumrpike road in the parisb of lighwoorth. about fouar nmiles from the Swindon Station, on the Grea, Wesetr Railway, and near the WSits and Berks Caaul ; tb.e rhole being in the occupation of Mrs. Elizabeth Smitb, an old and highlY re speetable tenant, at £i4 per annum, and comprises four enclosures of meadow land. the whole lyingocmpact, containing 23a,. r. 9p. Particulars and coadirlows are being prepared, and will be ready 14 days prior to the sale, when they may be obtained at the offices of Mr. S. L. Lucena, solicitor, 14. Union-court, Old Broad-street; of Mr. B. S. Hill, .solicitr. 1. Clements-lane, Lombard'-street_ Tondon; M1r. W,. B, Pat-.,erson. solicitor. 4, Nes Bridgestreet BlSackFnars, at the Auction Mart; at the auctioneers' 64 Old I:reed-street;* and in the country at the Qnu's Arus Hotel, near the Sv.indon St.ation; at the KCing and Quleen HSotel, HisEhwertli; and at the Gi?oddard Arms Hfote, Surrudon Old-town. To Capitalists. Manufacturers. Corn-millers, and otbems.-1intingdon- shire, adjoining the City of Pcterhor-cnu,-A. Freehold Steam Flour llSJ, well adapted for general maurffaturing puroses, with a 40horse power Steam-Engine, &c, MR. ROWLSTON:E is instructed to SELL by pub- 1L lie AUCTION, atthe Mart, London, onMlonday, June 7, at32 (sinless previously disposee of by private contract, of which due notice will be given). a capital F3REEHOLD STE.A FLOUR MILL. newlly and most sabstmntvially buit, regardless cf oot-, and capable of gr.ncing 1,400 sacks of grain per weeke. The mill comprmies a fve-story building, and contains grinding, store, cooling, and other doors, separator sieve ana store roOMs, granatses, ensine and bcOer roolmis, two counting rooms, die, *ith foreman's cottaze adjoining. und ont-offices and yard attached. Thereis lif;fng apparatna for les-sing ..nd un3o.ading direct both from tlie Eastern Counties RaiUay [the goodsi station of vvuich ia immedLiately adioising) ar.,l from the river .one. Attacled to the mill is a 40-horse power steam condensing engine. fitted with two tubular steam bol9ers, die. in good wvorking order, drivinlg nine air of French stones and one pair of gray stones;- silk, smtting. and tin maschnes, two blowers cold blast.) and cowl, elevators, jumpers, and fl necessary going gear complete. On the premises is a psinp, which forces water to thetop of the buiding to aiaare ;ron tank, from which the mill is supplied. These is also gas lsid on. and bclls are hungthroughout the mill. The mil and premisesw were, untilTeryrecent33, let to Messrs. Seeley and Co., as tenants from year to year, st the rent of -S hOt Per annum, and are now in hand, The situation of the premises is estraordinarnly good, offering unusuial facilities for transit both Lby rafi and water. and surrounded b`y excellent marlets both forbuying and selllng. There is raidway communication from the Eastern Counties and Great JTorthern Balivays direct *o Londo, Liiverpool. BirminghamL,Manche,'ter, andmOeetof thecoth.er impocisat manufacturing towrns and ehippini p 7rts th roughout *he kipc dom. and wavter carriage .4 Iynn, lV ibeseli, Nu9rtibapton, Ourlme. Thrapsu?on, die, Parti.culars may be had of G,A, Dean,Fad.. , Lsnaster~plsce, Strand; Messrs. Ljaurrance, solicito,rs, PcerMboro.:gb;* a,tte Mart; rida Fi tthe &U511015ffi' ffice.,l Woclwih, 3Ken Been=i Wood, tbe fast plot offered Finoe the apportionment ty thle -Cco-mmioner. PhW.BEUTCHER is instructed by the Trustees E.Lt. SELL by AU0CTION, at the 1tz,ta on Friday, JunTe C. a' 12, One of the most zttractive spats in the pazdh, and numbered 21 upop the award, baving a oomomauding frontage to the road decided to 1$b miade. ln tise viilage or Suttwi.-Prairaing Residenice, withs oranameutal ground and paddock. ,1 1.W. BUTCHER. is intutdby t'he, T±ustecm SHEIjIPRALL COTTAGE, a vrl comor.ablehouae, withbea'utif;dllg tbroge%~stesro-~oand,akidtchen garden, coach-house andstatli,g ssautepaddock-the whole comprIsing S'. r. 28p. May be vriewed by oenuiseion of the tenant. and particulars obtained at th, hers and of iir. ~W. Butcher, estate agent, Xpm.L NearSnton-ree.-IicaccI esience aud (round&, iistued by the Trustfetj I'L SEL by ACTION,at theMart.on Friday. Juno C, a- 12. thatwel-arrnge VLLA, nie odg, p ace ,a an agreeable remove fromthe ighroad wih orametal awnand garden, also stabling. Itty b vewe b pemisio ofth teant ad prtnsireobtained at the ucton artof esss. . ad J A.Moran,15,Old Jowryz;-heanudof -Mr. W.Butcher, estate aen,ps. ISreehotld (Srcun, Rent, next R'svitead Downs. -'ifR.V. B TCHER-s instructed by the Truistee?sto lt ELby AOUCTioN.ateMr,oFis.ue t2. v'IEEHOLD GROUuiD,itENIT. upon the re.cently erected laborsatery andafrst garden,oniup.ied by Dr. Warbairg. for aterm of 50 e., as, a a yearly teniancy of £01, the w-hole enclos-d with brick wall. Stat vilewed by leave of the tenant, and particulars obtained a' thie Anetism Mart:. of Messrs. C. and J. A. Morgan. t,% Old Jesecy-chanibeis; and ci Mr. -W. Butcher, estate agent, E'peom. Finu ~tract of valuable Freehold L-and, for a building epeenlatiETi7RE magnitucoe. .W~. BUTC-HER is in-truacted by thne Truistees to S byACTIO. atthe art.on Friday. Juine (1_at~ 12, eommantag ad eleated POT ofLAND.comprisinig ISs. 3c, i2Dt, place in he mst slubrous int f Suton,and. nearly, aaicii.ning 5ewnant and Ltpartilars obtainedEate th te Auctio Iat of Meosra- 0Z,., Suatton, Surrey.-PRetired Cottage, withi M,eadow Landl. 111R.W. BUTCHERItsinstructed by the Trustees to ,L ELI. lay AUCTION, at the Arart, en jFriday. Jino C. zat 2 ttsss g enteel and jetired COTTAGE, known as Vhe,nm-strect, place muiduaiy between. the Cheaiu and Suttonj Railway Stations, togethler with tire ceaseh-houase, stabiing, andl ofices. garden, pleseur o groin. aud productive mieadow land, ale.o two laboureof cottages, the vbohoo comprising IOn, Or. Ulp. 'May be Yiewed b,y permission ,t the tteant, and particulara obtainedat thekAuctioriMacrt - of Mess-r,. C, and J. A. Morgan, 15, Old Jewry-charinbera aend of Mlr.W. Butcher. est-ate age nt, Ep;nrm. Valuable iFreehold Ground Raut of;SE:ir sruannusn for anunexpired. term af only 24-ars.a 1 rRW. r3TC0ER is instracted by the Truetee,g Uk to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mark, on Friday. June 6, at 12. a FREEHOLD GROUND RExT upon certain pTremses, in thie I arish of Suton,ant e~r anared fana, omprsinga superior pc,riticak for Sci-cass acog etablshmnt,and ncldesa comfecrtable 7e:ldene. wih gaden.andsabPa of aupniorcharacter for 19 borasel- withn esy eachof acaeadand pso Dons;now in the ocenpationof rs.Luc Balhia. My b vieed y laveof the tenant. ate! partculas obuine atthe uctin Mat; f Mizasr C. and J. A. Morgn, 5, Od Jwrs.oarbera anol M.W.utzher. tstate a:rrnt, Tadworthr, near Baiante~d, Surrey. '1,RW. BUTCHER is instructed to SELL by NRL UCTIOV. at the Mart, on Friday, June It, at 1-2. that pietty C-OrTTAGE R£E5DENCE, *r Sporting Box, recently occupied by the late W. Friawell. Eaq.,placed at an agreeable remiove rom tbe high road from Banstead to Walton on-the-Hll), in tLe vi'cinit-y of Ep'soxm Downs and Walzon-h5ath. a, sporting and sailibsious district; tO;getl;Er wtit can3ze-:ho,ze. stat,ting far four horses, a very productive garden. and arichtpaddockr. -May bevewell12 days previous to the sale-: and particulars obtained at the tans in tIre towrsnsadjacent; Artichokze, IlewiugtGu-came1waY:' the Start; Of Rt. S. Taylor, Esq., Gray's-inn, London - and of M[r. tV. Botcher, estate zgent, Epson,_ Ew. e1i. Surrey-Hodern 11dethonse_ Dwelling-hus and Preri,. 1R.W. BUTCHER Nrill SELL bY0ATIOTIO'N.-' at; thXrt onFPsiday. June 0, atl1.a desirable FREEIIOLD PROPERTY, situate in Church-street, Ew-ell, ircludin3g a comfortable, diwdli:ng'-hoisse. with garden, a modern sod well-built malt-house., to neok 1 qurte, aso haie-huse su,liestndother convenient buildltags inan dsn,-ale ocalty or l,tmelingtrae, being in adfrst-riasg hony dstict Mybevieedby eroiwonof hlr. Cole,the teant of te dellng-huse 14day preia.to hesale iSuvidajs xaTscted), Ilanstead, S:resy.-Thirty-fonr acre of first-quality land. 1SW.W. BUTCHER has beets directed iw. the at the Miart, on Friday. Junwe 6, at 12. a small, compact, maid attractive PROPERTY ; conitinLig of about 34 acres of the richest laud ina she paria, wih a hul'scottm ge, stab]I:ng, eatUe sheds, and granary; it i' s admi-uby pace. ajoiing the ustrin tnrnpiku iroad, having am=asS conisanag nd etenivefrontage to the varni, only 15 miles fromi Londn ad tree romtheSutton Station. To aniy gentleman dfsir~ ass of erecting a v ill to his own taste, upon a snasll estate, writh un'iarltfirg sad productive Lind, inna highly respecttable ana salubrious ne:ghl-,.urhaud, this urn-yi re-onunendTed r,s deservinz especial attention. M,ay bevte.sel ay previ-uisto the onto; and particulars, wi~th -pIano. iay be oo,asneott.--he WhiteHairtHote, Reigace: Gre~li,rssunl Croydon, a-id Sutton;- Woolpaclr, Bansteal ; Spring Hotel, Ly-ed1; As-tibr-se. eeigonc-sea;a the Auction Mfars: of It. S. Taylor, licq., solicitor. Grayl'a-n, London ; andl of Mr. IV. Butrher. estate agent, rEasm. Surr-y.-Tirst-class Freehold Investment. 'W. ~V BUTCHER is favoilred wvith instructions onp ~ EMa the Start, on Friday, June 6, at 12, all that imuchadmired and valuabeETT,a.Eel.iSury desiugnated:is the1,iwer Mill1, conss gaihtirsratpoetywhich includes a superior resideance, wis w xelntgne;pautive, orcha,rd, r,u d - two luxuariant meoiw:lkws lain ae corn-mill of tbren. stories, h-Aving stae paro rnhsoes, a roaverful overshot iraac 'wheel, ft, fin. diatee n ft ie lothe littings throuiglhouit fvr carrying on a most extense Wrde including smosat aed four maelcbi;e with -ogSiugs screens, wheat and mea s andalarge space fur fthuir and mieal, together with the highly rmnrtv as well as ornamental ..Tream of water, tthe fall of which is nearly loft.; a most substantial built gr-srary to contain -100 quarters of corn. , ayard, with nag stable, chaise-h_Ouse, and harness room, a five-stalled cart-horse stableto waggo-hm, sna farmyard, and numncroiss buildings of arminror eba;racter; a brick-banila cottage, conatining four rooms end1 a gardlen. The whale of this invaung property comprises about nine acres, and within a msile atf the Railway Stvation. Tire premises may b,e iewead. *15 days previous to the sa-le (SUnaRays -XLepted). by perridsalon of tilia tenant, _&t-. HalL Particulars, with plans,. will be ready at the Faino, time,. and may be obtaiinednat the Spring IHotel, Ew-ell: Griffin), Kir -ston; G=irayoud.Croydon- Artirhotte, Newington-casrewav; atly Austion Mart: of MNessrs kay and Cixtsrstht, solicitors. 4. Lpethbbury, cite: Mlessrs. WieBrgtn,White. hie 2,Get loroujhssrreet: oat. of '-\r. W. Buotcher. eisr,atengent, Epsom., MiT.le-en-.L-ValuableILeaseholdl Basine.ss Premises. _& -R DODD has received instructions to SELL by it.r_K AUCTIONY. at the MaTrt. on WVednesday, Jun:e Is, at 122 oldelr, very valuab!e BETvStLrrES PItE.11SI, &% o. 9i, Care5 r:dre-raad. Xile- Oatlaiground renabt of er nnu,ndlefot tWaonSleaset rti,, p.the on,l Wo't-buthel nsai1` rentalTe Of£6 Fr-er ld-nouns,Ma b wiehedu cyt iof- Ornamental Water. in the moost picturesque par of Ontlandb-pni, commranding ostens.ve and deightfu) 'views- of il-e surroundin eOuntry, offerings site seldom equaire1-d for a mansion or-riles ~,. B. DODDI is instructed by thi- Mort.gagees to SELL by AUCT-TJO.N. at the Idenrt, inWedacecadav rsei at~ il, in one ots, t0 acres- of LAND situate in OatlandI s.-park, having frontages on the south and west to (Istiand's U)rire and sle both fx. gel ent s-nadls, and slizted on the noCrth by, the BroadwarterLobe, abouat four acres of whLich belong to the yrup-roty. T-he oEcLt portion ot ties cruinadis r--r-ivb;te,ias garden, the northbpart is park-hi-n, rid divided from the garden by a plantation Of ornamental tuimber and slrubs., Eu-3m the elranted I ortic-ni of the land. which saloes to the latze, there are extensive views a;tbte saurandang rountry rind river Thsanicz, sad the wh-ole is benautdulty tbinalered wills cedars and purple b,-ec-ces of large grus-tha Scosub tins, and olther chioice, trees: there is also m, oina-. mental ruin ofsaRoman tenple, As asite for anmansionor villas this property antb -raad h rns ftesi,snl fwtr beaulty 3f the sen,ery-,asitnuce from tonL, andrails-ay ccroigmedetrn comabine to render iz pecu-liarly eligible. confirined by the incruase of bulutssus tasuerer loe n he ocliy,May be viewed by spp!eatiou to Mr. kcens. Oan the property, end particulars end conditiouns of sale, with pizs.ra, ay be had at th principal inns at Wl'alco anid Weybridlge of Messrs. itrotton and Vera Tow-n-hall. Bvthiuslpreen at the MWart: and of Mc, Dodd, svrve-ye-ar &c.ill.lfee-Rroa,l-strcrt city Pinhr'ic. -Marble Cisinunsy Pieces, de,- 1 BrS SIR S. E ER F IE L D!&nd H 0 R E a rc in struic tecd £,1 toSELL yAtSCIONonF-uday.iune13. at 12. at the lilsiblo Shrr Roms Ihgme-pire,absCt tO IiDEXt PIECES. in marbe, ton, an albaser,seveal f wichare a-shiy sculpatured, antothrs f aplanerchaactr, lesa gthCcaen atone mannuiect, no labste dito,wih satury abc, ea'ralVTalal tablets,aidtiwo on he remses an ofthenuciuner,40,Paran.nt-tret.or Coal Landnw-uloe,Brunswick.oquare,-(%nteel Furniture and Effec!s, by direction of the proprietor hleaving Eagl%nmi.71 l _¶SSRS. KEMIP wvill1 SELL by A UCTIONY on IVi- the PremiLes, 7, Lansdowu-:1-,1,c. Ilrnnss-ck-rqaasre, on iied. mahoany,fourpost an othr heatosle,,heain, cheats if iw-es wars-aa. nd he sul cambr aspedago,well-made drasailg Casd dinta roo tsrnitrte, himny gle-es boo-car,kitchen re,r,i1ises, ftc Ma bevieed ue ay rio an naruig c rae.Cataiogu,-s ci thepre iss; nd f esss. em . I . J ddstret BrUcvE.iCk-rq. Modern Furniture, Grand. Cabinrt. and Cottage l'ianofor%ccr fonr- wheel Phaeton, '24 dozen of Sherry. cudI oiLer Effects. IL,'R. RBERTREID wffl SElLL, at hris Roomr; -LT_l Gret on M-loreet, Jlune 2, at 12 zeacheyuh. liOUSIHOLD `UR'N1V-RB-comprising lco. mards, vccnsicclal fancy, and other tables, arts of chairs andI dining tabla., sidels'ar-'s' chlimney and pier tilauee, Drrss0ls and other carpets, Fr-nch. Amb!nlic' ant 1four-post hcduuea,io wish bann~ings. )_ed(rilci' wo-rdrohes, cheerts drawers, basin stand' dressing tables and toilet jclaSses, kitclhen re-,a;ii cites, ar.l ocher eff sets. MKay beiewea 'in -S"bin-da. asl0 catlloruesil nat Trip.e Bailer's Plant. Firrurea, FLUie' Ercctionis othai. Bricke,,rk, and loose Artirka, X TESSRS.' MOO01RE atd TEMPLE will SELL by A, ~At'CTIO-N. oa the Prem'ses on, Shisrerlitel%, 1-a Mcrnay. jzuno 2, at 12, the PLAN'T and FITTINGS. ernaisting of laree Iron ite tanks and risternar 10 stout iron routers an, pans, israd tplps endl brass tara, furnaces, and brickwork, :itsisga of a trit-e boilling-house. strep counters boards and shelves, oil rio1ts-ro scales and weizLhts, dVat, desk anZ okrba., s' euetry a itns ant other ite:nu.- View.Saturda.yprecediag andiimornin)gof a-dc. C,tn~logsresonLhtIrecar solees ; andI of Stieas,r: Macre and Ttmplr, nrlauceir=,', ft., 4, Birmdel-treet. city, St. Br-iersta, Glocestershi-re.-Frechold Ilousg and Gardens, ia? A%cres of land attached, ESSRS. 0-ELLETLY and Co. have receivea ~n31J atrauatlorni from the owner to offer for SALE, at Gzanrway's. Tomon-n.w. TM5,a30. at. 12, (anless an accrpltable offerisarrevislUSY Malet), a vaiuablse rREERtiLI,, cocosrising b-ousr ana gardcn,4 vIll is acres of pasture and arabia land, in high cultivation. situate in the lanisirt of St. Brianl's. in the county off GloceFier, fivo miles from L-dinry Statism% on the South Wa7es and Great Western Rallway, about Muidwasy between the towns of1fonnuouth and Cherstow, about fhor miles from Tintern Abbey, on the hanks of the IVYc I-ndl mille from the vi:laio and parish chunrch. The markcet town of Craeferd. 1-sfig witin I-a ml;>S. Tile resid-e-nceis -a 'compact detach-ed l.ouse, th-e fron:tage. ineluding the wings, is 74 'eet, and compriseselegant fntrance hali 25 ft. long, two reception rooms one 23 it. by 15, two lHtchhesa aiiry. pautry. cellatr, Viur bed rooms and closet al on on0 iloor. =d very lofty, tao smaller bed rooms and separate stairs, stables, coach-house, earl man servant's rooms good rbeif , piggenies, and suitable outbuildings, a '.ha wailed-in garden. Tlle estate is tithe free and landr-tx redeemed. The landtronts the road andadjoinsthe mansion. Thebuilding-s aro of stone. and have been erected within the last eight yEars. Turin is anabmhdants;:pplyofgsodwater runni,rgclose to the house, asiich tstands en en elevation, and has a deligi-tfol view and sceer .y, iruc!:tdiin, thr. of the iron hbrgdeovertheWye. ThiiOlropertyad5iudistbhtt,f Sir WlloughbyEtooke. Thereisalsoa graodcottago on:the land. Pl',iclairc and plans to he had at -he auctiocneera' ofidces 3, Bridge.street, Pari:amnesrt-treet, S8t ;Beleena Ooal Field, South Lanca,hire.-To Capitalistr, r'tf..7o Companies, Coal Merhants. and others.-'Mst inr.oltarnt and valuable Freehold Mner-ai PropitY, extendilng moder ujr-a:de6 v, - 1,100 aerasr of lad ;ith- the Masar-isi Itifghtsr of the entire ±oavnsip of Sutton. ,R. CAPES ass received instructions from the 1P5 Propretcr to offer for public SALE; at the ClirezrIrn Rooms, South John-street, liverpool, To-morrowr, the 3bth day of 'uny instant, at I o'clo-ck In two lots, all those exteni,ie and exmceIngly valuable OtDJES ci COAL and Other MINERALS, lying susSe upwrs-ui of 1,1I0 acres. Of land, in the totanshilp of Sutton. neaIr St. Helen7 together with tha Manor or Lorislssip of Sutton. and ti.e M=anorial iiinhts of the entire To ahlip. extenuing cver 1.725 acres. There v-atunble mine eare f.ch in well-imnown vemls sunreilams of coal, and adjoin the rcpidly-incroasing tovn of St. Helen'rs piith tl nuimerous glas, chyrnical, and other itporttut warrs. The I veron -1 and Manucerter section of 'he Lor,&dn and Wcrthb.Western R.tnay, and the St. Helen's Can-al and Railtay, intermect the district, affordiug direct and rapid means of transit to the ports of lirerpol and Rton corn, the river Mitersey, and the docks at GaretDn and Bikerhcad. Messrs, Beunes and Robinron are now workn, g a rmall pation of the manes, at a mi_imnua annuial rental of 600. The futhy-p3ark Mine, the Higher and TcLwer Eavenhead Delfs. tho Bastion Minie, the St. Helen's Mnin DeL, the Four-foot Mine, tho Canrel M1ire, ind the BUrtonhCad Main Delf, ha-e been prioed to exist in tbiOi sOmPtOnt coleahi Inldependently of crist.ing colliecries, there are erevrod eligible sitae.fortheest1aitsshmentof nesewrorls. Thecompacscs- of thecoal. field, its advantageous position, sndtheaEmotnurequalledfacilltiesof tcanztt render this mineral district eminently derrning the attert-.on ef-caplliers, public companiues. ooal merchants, and others; srch an OPportuntyi' for pseo{tiable investment rarely occurring, Particral^s-,' With plane, may be had of Messrs. Boson andCrosa, Folicitors-1'rescot; lr. J. G. Elackhroemininmg sgieer,OldhamI; theanctioreer, 52 ;Frincsss-sreet, M aelw and of 31r. rAIxauder Ilamec:azJandagent, axorlej.
