DEATHS. On them idnst.. at 11, Frinceaugate. Arthur George Vi4countCra?siey, son of the Earl of Ons!ow, aged 3d. On the list of Tmav, at auherevi, Mexico, of fever, in the 3;th year of his ago, Williamn Laster ifra %I.okintoeb, Bag., second sea of James Mfackdntosh, Es.1., of Tntteridge, Herts. On the 24 ult., at her residence 27. Manchester-terrace, Islington, lis MIasy Satton,in the 71st year of her age. On the 29th nlt, at Steeple dbtnn, W'ilts, Sarah, the beloved and lamented wife of Mrr. J. B. Wheeler. On the 2(0th nit ,at BnnlognersnrAler. of aingine crnmenso (a prevailing epidemic), Henrietteo sabinds, only ldaughter of .L LouLis Lanrent Monton, and granddaughter of SIr. J. D. Barry, in her ninth year. On th3 20th nlt, at Archerstown, Westmeath, Ireland, aged 41, Frances Elizabeth. wife of Samuel Arthtir P.evnell, E-q , and only daughter of thelate Major-Gvneral Xugtnt, CL.13 On Wdnesay. he 3th nt.. t Kesingo. of ons~umptionbrought on by exposure and over exerti~n in the Black Sea, d(uring thA latewarJoh Mabrid Misin. Bn., .1L elestson of the late Re>v. j06a M£iming, M.&. sincerely regreteeted On te 3st nt.,at ennietn Grnge.Shrpire, aged 34. John* Oalifax. tbs ,3slsttlLtt atfJOhrniph, Eet., of Sasle Lodge, On the Ist inst., snddeny, at 1lsington Mrouse, near Dorcbester. Dorset, John Gutterson, b er toi H. N. %Thldletou, Ears. On the Ist inst, at No. 1, Upper Iing-treek Bloomsbury, Mr. Ihbt. Ramge-, aged 54. On the 1st inst. at the Terrace, Cainherwell, inset traly laniezta, Jame. daughter of the late Benju- Penny. Feq. On the lat inst., at 1lIla, Sloane-street, %fr. Emanuel Emanuel, axeod 74, deeply regretted hy hisafamnly and aU who knew .him. on the Ist inat., at, Yn. L. Golod Cott.ga, As%ylum-road. Henry DavidWebb, deeply regretted by his famlOy and frieuds, late of Cobsrgroad andUpper Thames.streek,aged 36. On toe Id lust.. Mr. Ediward Crewley, of .54, Upper Brook-street, ranhestert, aged 50, deeply lamented. On Saturday, the 2d inst., Charles Themas Cartwrigbt, Be., late Captain in the EAst India Company's Sernis and youngest son of Fsamuel Cartwrighs. Esq., of 32, Old B1arlington-ntres,t On the °d inst., at, Eden Cottage. near Marrate, in her sixth year AdaB Lower, the youugest and devotedly beloved cbill of Nithoin Gedye, Esq., of 47, Porchester-terracea, Hyde-park, London. On the d inst.e t Triverten, Mary Anno, the beloved wife of George Faterson, M.D., F.E'C.PF.S On the 3d inst., Katherine, widow of the late Mr. lenry Tahnage, of Fette-L-lane, Fleet-street. age IS. Her end was peace. On the 3d test, at 49, Easteheap, Mx. Thomas Smith, corkc manufactaer, in theb thyear of his age, On the 3d last., at his resdence. S. Berkeley Villas. Brixton, aged 33, Mr. Benjamin Greenwood, lerck in the Bank of England. On the 3d hnet. Ezim, the wife of Mr. Letts, of Bartlett'e-building,s London, solicitor. On Sonday, the 3d inst., at the trove, Higbgate, after a sbort ilness, G. Frederick Lone, Eag,SL.., ased 2$. On the 1b iust., at ths reidence of her sn,ee6, Aloha-terraew, New. roe-hkrha, Alions, reU-htso the late Thomas Fonton, Esq., architect, of Edinburgh, aged 10. On Sunmdaymorning, the 3d inst., at.33. Glocester-terrace Hyde-park, hrs. Ehlizabath Low, widow of the late Dr. John ew,if of 2eraey. On Sunday. the 3d inst.e at Ahecots. Sonereetabire. in the pId year of her ore, Catherine, widow of the late George Warzr., Req., of SnapmWi?, in that county. On the 3d inst. at Parson's-gree, , Fulham, John Arthur Waring, Fe,sq, surgeon, agei 48 years On the 34 inst., at$, Bsrtlett'a-huildingr, Eliza, the wife of Mr. John teltts, aged 46. On thel3inst., at hiss residence, 116, Sloane-street, Robert Snxlitch Carter, REst., aged 19. On the 3d inst..Joseph Attree, Esq_, of No. 11, 5uhradsm Walworib, aged 73, late of H.M.'s Ordtnance, teln-qae On the 3d inst., at Co.ley-Vlae. Brixpen. deeply lamented, Mir. Samuel Atherten, aged 3$. He 1was the faithful arid trnetworthy czstier of Mlessrs Grant. Hodgron, and Co. fur nearly 17 year-, and had been recentlY Admitted a. partner in that irm. On the 4th inst., Mr. George Homusey fleed, of li'sle-street, LeiceeterMsesae aged 52.
MfO2YBMAR.KBT(nd CiTyn2rTELLza)1NCL; Afonday }venig. The English fuids- opened tbis'm.orning at ai improvement of, an eighth, aid were well ima-n tained at tne close, of businews. Coasols for money. were first quoted. 9QU. to J, and. retirned- to >hat. price after au interval, during whichl there were aellers at 95i. ,For the 10th of September the last transactions were at 95k to i. COausl Scrip left off at 4k premium; Bank Stock, 217Th to 218i; Reducedg 961 to i; New Three per Cents., 90k to ,; Annuities, 1S b-16; India Stock, 234 to 237; India Bonds, iZa. to 20s. premium ;Er,chequer-bonds, 100k to i; and Exche4uer-biii, los. to 19s; preniium . .The payments in connexion with the 4th of the' month passed off well to-dhy, but the demand for money as still active both in the discount-market and the Stock-Exchange at 41. per cent. The applications also at the- Bank of England are rather numerous. Foreign securities have been steady, with a moderate amount of business. Turkish Six per Cents., for the account; were dealt in at 104. The Four per Cents. Guaranteed have been nego-: tiated at 104-k ex. div. Guatemala in the official list was quoted at 60. Mexican was purchased at. 23k, t, and 23 for the account. . The general transactions comprised :-Sardinian Five per Cents., 92, 92-, ancd 92; Spaniish New Deferred, for account, W, i,,A, and i; Venezuela, for account, 3& ; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., (5; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 97X. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 70f. 50c. for money, and 70f. 80c. for the end of the month, showing a reaction of an eighth from the improvement of Saturday. In the corn-market this morn'ig there was a decline of about 10s. from the rates of Monday last. The letters from Hiolland mention a report that ?fessrs. Rothschild have made a contract }twith the Bank of Amsterdam for 10,000,000 florins of silver (850,000.) The rate of exchange bhad in consequence become less favourable for this country. The gold from New York to-day is 225,0007. The comrnercial advicee on this occasion describe a reaction of about 1 or 2 per cent. in the stock-market, although the banks, had again extended their accommodation and the stock of specie had increased. As the-loans and discounts of the banks were larger than! at any former period, probably some fears of the necessity for an early contraction had induced caution among the speculators. Erie Railway was quoted 62i, Reading 92k1, Panama lO0l, andIllinois-Central Bonds92k. The accounts of the crops areof avaried character, although on the whole satisfactory. Both in the import and export trade there was great activity, but the approaching Presidential contest appears to absorb public attention, and the interest in it was likely to become still more keen after the adjournment of Congress, which is fixed for the I18th of this month. The United States' steamer Arctic had sailed from St. John!s, Newfoundland, to take soundings thence to Valencia Bay, on the coast of Ireland, in a direct line of 1,640 miles for the New York, Newfoundland, and London Telegraph Company, and it was expected she would reach Ireland about the 1st of September. The accounts from Mexico by this arrival conlinue to give a disheartening picture of the internal condition of the country. According to the subjoined extracts from a mercantile letter, the extinction of the Republic as an independent State cannot be long delayed. The writer, however, appears to take a more unfavourable view of the proceedings of the present Government and Congress than would be created by the statements which appear elsewhere. That there is no public disposition to act under American inspirations has been evidenced by Congress having just recomnended a new con-; stitation, including among its fundamental articles not merely a prohibition of slavery, but also of everything that may have for its object, the surrender of fugitive slaves . All mercantile questirns relating to this country are so intimately connected with its politics, particularly with regard to mntishinterests, that A consider it highlj im- porthnt to call yuar attention to the present critical stats of' veinco vith reference to its very existence as a nation. flecent events at lnicaragula and the repeated encroachmnents of the Americans rupon the sMe.ican teriatory seeom not to leave a shade of doubt tas to the fate that awaits this nepubaic in the midst of her constantdesturbances. Atl the thinking part of society here is nowt flry conviced that, n the absence of rEuropean interference, the fmeerlcans must soonu become masters of the whole Mlexicanr Republic, with the vast mineral wrealth it contains. Indeed, all Mgexicans of a respectable class go so far as to express, in the most uinqualified tersms, their wish thati filexico should he placed uAnder Europe<an protection, for they feel that such would be the only means of saving? their country and putting an end to the everlasting revolutions brought about by the ambition of a few unprincipled military chiefs. *-The Puro party which isatpre3ent rliag, andischiefly composed of half-cast Indians, appears anxious to pave the way for American dominion, and it is even asserted that they have a secret understanding with the 'United States. Some of the measures adopted by that party are so truly barbarous that theynat y inspire doubt whether Mexico really has, or ever bad, anyright to be considered as a civilized nation. By way of example I may mention a recent movement made in the province of Guerrero, under the immediate direction of the high functionaries of t:e State, headed by a notorious rufian, the declared object of which is to banish from the country al the Spaniards (a very numerous, laborious, and respectable part of the community), to seize all the lands belonging to the haciendas, and distribute themi among the Indians, l& ! On the other hand, the Congress is daily furnishing ftesh proofs of its total incapacity and want of principle; all its acts are more or less inconsistent with the very basis upon which it stands (the famous plan of Aiyutla), and especially with all the common notions of right and wrong its tendency is decidedly inimical to civilization, and, as an initance, I need only refer to a recent report read in Congress, which contains a violent attack upon the right of property, and-is evidently written in very bad faith. "The difficulties which have existed for several years p ast between Spain and Mexico, and which were the origin of someshipsofTar being sentfroi rHavannah to support the new Minister, M. Alvarez, in his demands, are now likely to be amicably settled-at least for the time beingand as a preliminary those ships have been ordered to leavo Vera Craz. But nothing can be more arduous than to claim payment from the Mexican Government, for its bad faith defies all exaggeration, and for a number of years sast we have constantly seen that each A-dsnisistration is still more anxious than its predecessor to clude its obligations and to put off all payments. Unfortunately the bondholders at home have become very familiar with this, as well as with +1 peculiar talent shown by all Mexican Administrations for sdulgiag,in great extrava7gance at home and laughing at their creditors abroad with perfect impunity. Even now large sums of money have bceen seized belonging to the bondholders. * The church property, which has for some years past been coveted by the greedy party now in power, has at length received a deadly blow, a decree having been pub- ished on the 28th nlt., ordaining that the present tenants of tbat property shall become proprietlswofaiby merelypayine theGovernmentthe teaon the transfer of ard property and continting to pay as interest what theynoo payasrent. Thaa decree has, of course, been promulgated thogu the clergy's consent, and the archbishop hans conseauently pro teated against it. ExAchange on }London, 4^sd. per $; Paris, The directors of the Riga Railay have issued a cireula this afternoon which tends to confitre the validity of the doubts expressed as to the precise language of the Imperial edict on the subject of the guarantee. It was orginally stated that this guarantee would be 4 per cent,. on 2000,000., und that, astherailway is tocost only 1,600,0001., it would re equal to 5 per cent. on the amount required to be subscribed. Questions having been raised by some of the shareholders, the directors, in order to satisfy them, laid the concession before comusel in London, and the result is an opinion that it has not the effect of guaranteeing 4 per cent, interest on a fixed capital of 2,000,0007,, but on such sum as may be sanctioned by the Government as requisite for the, completion of the undertaking. at the same time the directors persist in their belief that the final arrangements w,ill be of a nature to insure the terms contemplated, and that the Government will sanction the amoumt originally set forth in the estimates of the Riga Exchange Committee submitted to the Imperial CommIissioner. The best prospects of the shareholders on that head consIist in the fact that the terms proposed were the lowest at which, under any- circumstances, the scheme would be likely to. float;.that the directors, however precipitate they, may have been, have not acted in bad faith, and that, even if any question could be raised in that respect, there could be no similar doubt with regard to the sub scribers: and, lastly, that'the exact conditions of .the undertaking. as they were originally stated have been pomulgated all over Europe far four months past, without a word of caution being ilterposed lay the Russian GovernmenKt. The trade repors from ,the provincial towns for ,the pst wveek showr the ~'ecots of ithe fine hLarveat weather inl imparting general confidence. At MIan-ehester the markets have been firm, owing chiefly to the prospectslof the home demaud., At Notting hlam this is usually a qufiet pexxod1 but there~ isgoud , employme*s. I3. the woollezi districts t- endency -to inprovwuaent has been rmanifested, and the Irish linen-markets are.active. .The folloWing communication relatesto posed Indi-A telegraph:-` ~ -t|" Sir,-Observn3g in t,he noi,oe yon: have lahmn of t1Ie -new joiRet-stock unnertakldgs in Youor paper of to-day hat you have classed the European and Iadian Junction Telegraph Company among those the capital for whi&h 'ji 're; oroigipurposes, Ibegto remrkthat, althoagh 'ae pital of2O,DODD. proposed o be aisdby tis companv 2s intended to be applied' out'of this oountry, yet that the ienth-of telegraph to be constructed by this company isonly about oneo ifth of the distance to India, and& that -the above amount of capital is the only aBum to Which thi3 country (possessing as it does the largest interest in the blshment of telegraphic communication with India) is calied upon to contribute,' the whole capital required for the remainder of the line being found elsewhere. - ; I - mI a, &c., "W. P. A-,." TPhe prospectus has been issued of the International. Coasting Company, with a capital of 320,0007. divided into fouf series of shares, of wbich' 'two of 80,0001. are now to&be issued, one in Paris -and one in London. The object is to introduee small and inexpensive auxiliary steamvesels in the entire coasting trade of the continent, and lines aro projected from Dunkirk to favre, Newcastle to Boulogne, Liverpool to Havre and Boulogne, Ant - werp to Southampton, Antwerp vil Haire to Bordeaux, and Fecamp to London. The departures from the port of London for the Australian colonies during the past week have conaprised six vessels, three to Port Phillip, one tc Sydney, one to ew, Zealand, and one to Hobart T6wn, with an 'aggregate capacity of 4,226 toni. The rates of freight exhibit no material alteration. I In the general business of the port of Londoi during the week, although there has been a falling off in the arrivals, there has been much activity, The total number of -vessels reported inward frorm foreign parts was 205,' being 160 less than in tne prevous week. The total cleared outward was 148, including the unusually large numnber of 34 in ballast, showing a decrease of only one.
LARE PkEPOBT. * TAn~o.-The mtket IMonday Evening. * TALOW.-Tho market is quiet i6t 51s. 3d. to 51& di on the spot, and 50s. for the last three months (seller.). Anne=ied axe the particolars of stocks and prices:- ArMVT 70r. :R WIMZ Rj3ssia.Css1, Souat Amexi .. 3D3 AutrlibtlL . ^0 Otherpcas . ToW . sa With regard to the general state of the trade kessrs: Colchester and Woolner remark.-" There is but little alteration to note in the tallow-market; prices have been pretty well sustained, notwithstancding the weather, which haS prevented consumers from working; the shorb quantity coming forward at the moment induces holders to demand high prices for the ready talow, and for delivery forthe last three months there is but little doing. The latest accounte -from St. Petersburg quote prices firm, at 15D roubles on the potand 147tol14S for Asgst delivery. Exchange was ;;d., and shzips continue scarce. To-day the market is qniet, 51s. 3d. to 6d. is paid for tallow on the spot for export; 50s. G3d. to 9dL for delivery next month; 49s. 9a. to 60s. last three months; 51s. 6d. to 62s. for Sonth American; 52s. 6cd for sheep Australian; 51s. town tallowg, net cash."
HOP-MARKET, A?ugutst 4. The weather ol the :ea. weeklies been such a; could not fail to exesise a most beneficial sfrect on the hop plantation, with a temperatore by night, s well as by day. higher than often experienoeo. The plsnt (whether previously hca3hiy or not) exhibits an improvement aisont beyond expectation, and sanguine hopes are now entertained tha t a duty of Zi2 O or upwiardsmay be rzealsed. Xduch vermin still exists in many place3; bae heb visomr ot the piot ia such thast it does not appear to unceat its progress. tt is scarey necessary to state that with such prospece3 the mnarket La comnlrtelyatastond, aBnd that' doubtless, low prices would be submitted to if sanydisposition exstsed to purchase. At present there is not sufficient doing to estabtish a csnneney. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Russr CRowN DI.AODos.-The Crown Treasury of the Czars at Moscow contains precious stones of considerable amount. The two most considerable are diamonds, one the size ot a pigeon's egg rose-cut. The Russians have given it the name of the tkloff£ The other has the form of an irregular prism, and is of the size and almost the length of a little finger;- it bears the nname of the Shah, and its bistory is as follows :-It formerly belonged to the Sophis. and w.as one of two enormous diamonds which ornamented the throne of Nadir $hah, and vrhich were designated by the Persians by the names of " San of the Sea," and " Moon of the Mountains." When lNadir was assassinated his treasures were pillaged, and his precious stones divided among a few soldiers, who carefully concealed them. An Arrmeaian named Shafras resided at that period at Bussora vith his two brothers. One day an Aflghan came to bim, and offeredforsalethelarge diamond, "theMoonof the Mountains," as well as an emerald, a ruby of fabulous size, a sapphire of the finest water, called by the Persians the "Eye of Allah," and a number of other stones, for the whole of which he asked such a moderate sum that Shafras suspected that they had not been honestlv come by, and told him to call again, as he had not the' money in the house. The Affzhan fearing Shafras wzas goin to act with treachery towards him, left the place and could not again be found, althongh the three brothers made every seatch for him. Some years afterwards the elder brother met the man at Bagdad, who told him that he had just sold all his precioua stones for 65,000 piastres and a pair of valuabhI horses. Shafras had the residence of the purchaser, who was a Jew, pointed out to him, and lhe went to him and offered him double the price he had given for them, but was refused. The three brothers then agreed to murader the Jew and rab him3 of his purchase, which they did, and on the following day poisoned the Aflghav, and 'hrew both the bodies into the river. A dispute soon after arose between the brotEers as to the division of the spoil, which terminated in Shafras getting rid of his two brothers by poison, after which he fied to Constantinople, and thence toIaolland, where he made knownthe riches he posses e,anrd offeredthem for sale to the different Courti of Europe. Catherine IL proposed to buy the Moon of the Mountains only. Shafras was requesedto come toRussia, andhe was introdaced to the Court jeweller. Tha terms demanded by Shafras were-letters of nobility, -a life annuity of 10,000 roubles, and 500,000 roubles, payable by equal insthlments in 10 year. Co ont Panin, who -was then mrinoster, delayed the settlement of the bargain as lono as possible, and, in the meantime had the Ala enian led ingo such entravagances that he fell into debt, and whenthe seinister fond tat h hevade no means of a paying whata re owed be abruply broke off the negotiation. Shafras, ac cording to the laws of the country, could not leave until his debts should be pad,andtheCourt weellerprepared to take advantage of his embarrassments and intended that the diamondthoeldfallinto his handafora fourthof its value. Shafras, hodever, discovered the trap thathad been laid for him and, disposing of some of the le-s valuable atones among his countrymen, paid his debts, and disappeared. Agentshere sent after han, who had even orders to asshainate and rob him, beut he escaped them. Ten years after, v hile he oas at Astrachan, renewed offers were made to him, but he refused to enter into any negotiations unless thlebarg,ain shoald be settled at Smhrna. Catherine accepted, and became thepossessor ofthe diamond for letters of nobiliiy; 600,000 roubles, and 170,000 paper roubles. makidng together abzout two and a half mlillions of francs. Shafras, not being able to return to his eountry,. where he world have had to give an aeecont of two honmicides and taofratricides, fised himaself at Astrachan, Fhere he married a ountrywoman of his, and had seven daughters. One of his sons-in-law goisoned him for the sike ofu-possessinghis share of his broperty. The immense fortune which the mearderer sha acqpuired (from ten to twelve millions) was divided, ard soon speut, by his sunaors and. several of the grand6 children of Shafrasare nof livingpat t straci o n abject mnisery.-GciignanP's M ser. - o Ai-OuiS Is UBsos-We have received the follovring information *rom'the Rev. W. R Dlowdich*-5 "On Wednesday afternoon, aboutt half-past 5 o'clock, I was eroasinU from the Freemasns' Lodge into Vicarage-street with r.Hedld. lie atooped suddealy opposite the vieag sate, and called my attention tv a full-grorn adder, baskil a.tha sun, wrhich at our approach elevated ik hedi aid put GUt it6tongceinffie sisaaiawheni it a bo*to !fly at anything. I killed it ad tooki it horre ;a &- fou~is mneasud 23 inches *u leagth-. proof. that iI, had aSalse its full maurity. This aursea- oeccurrence of a ^one us - sinthe streets of pOpulolstea7n,in openday shoul h ook;ed to. Possilby some msorelurk i.ath a3ili~t~ and, if a child be hittesi os-a tuned ber, on frigteeditP betok;en greut negilectaomouwliere. - is i5 th first speciunen ofG the tritb9 I .bav seen io Yorkshire§
HBE CAT7R-ADX.~ . - I- MARKLPdWEX A±ii.i A Xha corn-market wAs moll sop.tplied laratiyek -tit ,eryr thng bat barley aud Dua. The expQrk were 480 quaes. of wheat, 598 sacks oE f-, and S,Q$a qu ',cnlt. The wheat supply eons fed ot5,551 au3ers of hone goro. ad 16,453 quartr of foregn, ne4rly eQoc-hird? be=in from St.Petersburg. An unaly large showA kof m Mfl appeared for the morning on the Essex sandtxh fuStThoi of Kent were scanftly farnished. .A week of brifliaint forcing weaxther brought a perfect change over the'- radi, aivest being commenced in several placee, andj though iome Mrly siles were maade at 6& to s. per quarterloss, the bwolkof'} he English supplywasinnvajiafterwards offered at'azeducttona of 10s. per quarter ; buyers would have taken some fre at this decline, but holders tefaed it. -' Of flour there were 1l,719 ackA fr'Om cthe coutry, - an 19,469 barrels from NW York. Norfdol1s Were 7. loarr, the top price being 45s. Town-made 5s. cheaper, 'the .top being 6. American and Spanish sold but slowly, at a pro portionate decline. The totl quantity of barley was but 1,862 quarters, - of which only l11 quarters were _EnDglish. The scarcity of this grain Lept it unaltered. Inmaltnochangeof quotationswaSmade. Of oats there were 49 quarters English, 4,189Irish, and 19,364 fromt ubroad The best sweet samp'les were ud. toe} lower, and unswect and hot parcels socld iith difficulty at irregular prices. The supply of bims-was 2,659 quarters, 419 quartersfoE -which were home-grown. Of pes bthere were onlyFwS' quarters. The bean tade wras excessively du'l, and Is. > 2s. cheaper. Some andsome ne' white peas appeared, ..for which a high rate was asked, but pricti were lookm' down. -The quantity of lidsee w,as 3,987 quarters, -with 1,693 quarers exported. Withoat being demrare, the trade -wa. wetl supported. Cauary maintnined the late advainoe. B..mpseed, rat seed mustard, cloverseed, aud other descriptions were uinstered. AcC,ntofCorn arye4u Iondn Jfrn' mulY28 toAuut 2 CURRENT PRICES OF BRITISH ORA2? AND) ILOUR 328 MARK-LaXE.si3iulogsperquarterw Vmeat-Ther and Rent, wbite, ...67 to 70 eXlra toYS7 1)itto. rea, . ..58 -es 6 'Norfolk, Linronohlrso andYortkahre zed, * 5a1 6 CherlTsler . . 43 - 6 Dsstilling 443- 42 Grinding * 3 53 Malt- Essex, Norfolk. and Suffolk. ..6 27 ---Ts Kigson, Wars, and townmade 69 G - 73 77 Eye- *~~~~~~~6 -40 Oas-engifeed *24 2 Scotch feed, . S 2 Plotato * 27 -23 Ditilobl:~:Wite..21-2 ,, 23 Beans- hiazagan * 57 39 T I c k s. ~~~~~~~~362-3% Harrow 38 41 Peas- bai, AN4 41i 3&aple . 44 -45 Gray. * So 40 flour- Towns-msde,perak-.Lilh.,Houoehds. 5. S fe 62 -63 Country . 45 46; orTt,folk and Suffolk1.. al shp 54 453 ECHElON GRAMN. Shilings Der Quarter. Wheat-Dantsic, mired 74 to 76 high mired - -oret, to W- Kontgsberg .. 72-74 - ~~~~75 j$7 Rootorinew..6'6-67, Sue --72 73 Am:eriran,wbite 60-62 red .. 53 60 Ponser., Meub., anUctenu., red 68 70 59 75 Sileeian,red.. 62-44 white .. e~~~G 8$ Dauash&Hostesn 5360 , . 60 6-S burg,kItga .. 5052 firs 54 S 23 Stralsund 25S 23' Be3ns- Friesland and Holstein .. . . *. . 33 4a Konigsberg.. .. 37 -40 M3' Tindian cosniWwste. .. 2 33 Yellow .. 30-'2 Flour- Spanish, persack.. 5!3 -s5 BRiTISH SEEDS Tares, winter, per bushelYe6t Coriander, per twt. .0 -24 Caraway, per tnt.. new .. 0- Rapeseed, perq(r., n3ew..is Cake,peto . £ ,:s.-_ £7 3?RJ5gSEES, c Dutch . . .~~~SL53--'. Coriandpr,pcrcwb. . . . Is- n Caraway ... ~~~~~~~~42 - 4S Linee, er qr-Rti . .s- 5 Bombav .. s Cake, jer ton . 3ls-£0ik Eapesee&.-Dutch 8.. . . 8$ nape caie, perszon .. £-£ loss
ZONDOR, TUESDAY, AUGUST 5, 1856. We have lately several times had to animadvert on the perverbe . erdicts returned by juries, but never have we seen a decision which demands inore full and immediate reprehension than that of a Scotch jury which on Thursday last awvxded to a Mr. Duxcsy 7rLanFs 4001. as damages for am alleged libel in the Scotsman newspaper. The question is of such public interest that we need make no apology for calling attention to the matter in detail. The case arose out of the poceeding at the last election for Edinburgh. Now, we all know what an election is in this country. It might perhaps be more decorous if, as in some continental monarchies, where there is an approach to constitutional forms, soldiers kept the streets and repressed undue excitement, and the voters foerued a gitve under the directions of the police, and deposited one after the other a printed ticket in an electoral urn. There may be much excess, much ill taste, muen vulgarity, and often -much bitterness at a contested election, but such are the habits of the coumtry, and, till this Scotch case was tried, we thought that such political pasages of azms -were, as a matter of course, forgotten. Htowever, the prosecution of the oEotsman by D§r. D'L&amo may be taken as a proof to the contrary, and its succeasful bisue as a warning how little dependence is to be placed on the good sense of the claws from which juries are ordinarily selected. It appears that 3fr. DUNCsA 3FLARI- is a gentleman of note in the Scottish metropolis, and has filled the civic chair. He is professedly a Liberal, but, as a champion of the Scottish. Pablichbsea%ot =d a bitter adversary of Maynooth, %e3 Ao61ewhat from his political friends. in ;884$ ,he nsuecessully contested the reprerentatiox of Edinbulrgh. On the retirement of Een ux~i, Mr. rL&RIEN- became an ardent aupporte~r of -Mr. BEowvr DOUGLAS, the- defeated candidate at the last election, with z,vhoaa opinions on publichoases and Popery -aE agreed. Hence he was found leagued with conservatives against the claims of Msr. Brac,, the Liberal candidate. it is not surprising that the szapporten of nr. B&cx should make the most of this alleged tergiversation. If the evidence for the defendants is to be believed, Dr. 2rTLxnmT made some unfeeling and indecorous xeniarks concerning Mr. BLAoe's age, his state of health, and his expectation of life, as disqualifying him for a seat in Parliarient. Yiich bitter feeling seems to have been created, ad the Sotsirat- took up the defence of Mr. Bncn very strongly. ih the heat of the contest appearedthe .paragraphl on which the action was founded. MIr. * ~i~iLAnxNis stated in these to have " o-erstepped "tbi bounds permitted to him by even the most tbEinded and besotted'of his followers;" he is an instance how " a clever and useful ma:n may I " ruin himself by mere sourness of soul-' H speech is said to exhibit " old principles 'cast " to the wind, old friends traduced, their lives! scoffed at, and their deaths predicted; venom' "iu every word ani a dagger in every sentence."> IL%. ITLAInx was acoused publicly of unfair conduct at a meeting, and the Scotsmn prints the charge. Then follow some remarks about " acting :" for his own purposes, and especially hiss own "malignities." Now, we would ask any one who has heard election speeches. or read .election placards and election newspaper articles, whether there is anything very new and astounding in thii language? Do not &oglish gentlemen of independent fortune and refined culture give and take personally or by their agents similar vituperation in some hundreds of borougbs every time Parliament is dissolved? Have not the excesses of elections been matter of satire for pen and pencil from the time of Hoc;RTH to our own days? We find eminent statesmen, orators, and scholars perfectly willing to take in good part exactly the same kind of language that Mr. IALAsi and his sympathizing jury declare to have held up the pursuer "C contemptuously and injuriously to public hatied, " contempt, and ridicule, to his loss and damaDge." In this case, too, Mr. 3FLAnE- seems to have beenno very slack partisan. He seems to have borne a leading part in a very bitter contest,.:and, justly or unjustly, to have hurt the feelinga'of the candidate to whom he was opposed. According to the report of the trial, he had at a former election called his present friend, M1r. BPnOwiDOUGLAs, " a calumniator," though it is added that' the epithet was applied only " hypothetically." There is also something about such choice expressions as " betrayers," " slanderers," and " snakes," which passed between M£r. M?LAahN- and his present allies. In fact, it is evident to every man of common sense that the " pursuer"' is a hot and zealous politician, who has plunged more than once into the thick of an election conflict in a large city, used pretty strong language himself, and been repaid in kind. Yet this gentleman, aix weeks after the election is over, and the affair might well be forgotten, brings an action against a local newspaper, and a jury is actually found to award him 4001. damages for this preposterous allegation of injury. The conductors of the Scotsmazn were ready to prove, what we may well believe, that Mlr. M'L.anax was accustomed to make use of strong language in his speeches, and that at this very election their own articles were not stronger than those of the papers on Mr. M?Iartx's side. But the Court confined the question to the I narrow issue between the parties, and the newspaper was accordingly muleted in this considerable sumn. We cannot think that so absurd a verdict can stand. Can any human being believe that Mfr. M'AExi sustained any damage? Is there one of. the jury who has not listened over and over again to similar declamation, or, if a keen politician, perhaps uttered it himself ? Yet they encourage a man in bringing into court, months after their publication, a few election paragraphs, and grounding on them a claim to be paid a certain sum of money. If the principle here sanctioned be not at once denounced, we may expect to have every public proceeding followed by trumpery actions or extortionate threats of prosecution. Nothing can be more unadvisable than to encourage this tenlency to frivolous lawsuits. When a man is accused specifically and in cold blood of some noral offence, and actually suffers injury through the charge, there is some reason in a verdict with large damages; but to give a man a sum of money merely because at a time of public excitement his public doings have been freely commented on, seems to us the establishment of a precedent of which the consequences may be most serious. There is practically little difference whether prosecutions against the press be conducted by the Government or by an indivi-2 iual or political party, and if it be once "fown 'hat an independent organ can be coerced or ,rushed by a series of civil actions we may expect nvils hardly less than those of former days, wvhen Sttorney-Generals and Lord-Advocates laboured to mppress every expression of free thought. No 'lass would suffer more by such a state of things than that from whch juries ate taken. To the press, and in no small degree to the press of their native city, do these Edinburgh citizens owe it that they live in a free coumtry, and that the days of MIELvLLrE and tyranny have passed away. Yet, as if willin.g to kick down the ladder by which they have risen to a better social state, they endorse the frivolous complain. we have described above. Perhaps it is not in one portion of the kingdom alone that this disposition on the part of the tradinog community exists; but, if ease and prosperity lead them to undervalue the advantages of free discussion and the services of an independent press-if the feeling existing in some foreign countries finds its analogy here, we feel sure that a time will shortly come when they will be awakened to their error by some disaster of no trifling import.
The last files of the INew York papers bring us strange intelligence as to the prevalence of the slave trade in that city. We had been accustomed to think that the extreme fanaticism of public opinion on this subject in the northern portion of the States almost threatened the Union with dissolution, but it would seem that a good stroke of business is annually done in " black dia" monds" even in New York. The profits of the buasiness are so great that speculative flesh and blood cannot resist the temptation. If one ship in four succeeds in effecting the rni the profits are so great that the return is a handsome one, even including the cost of the ships which are summarily consigned to destruction. The statistks of the trade appear to be as follows-we copy from the New Yor7k Iounr,aZ of Comwerce of the 30th. of June .-The vessels employed in the trade are of medium size; they cost between $5,000 and $7,000, and are purchased with the expectation that they are to be destroyed -when they have served their turn. The wages given to the seamen appear enormons,, if we are to judge from an estimate which is given in the Neto York Times. The agreement with ordinary seamen is $6l00 for the run frontKNew. York to the African coast and thence to" Cuba. Negroes cost on the African coast from $10 to $40 a-head, according to one estimate. By another we find the -value of an ablebodied male negro set at $8, or thereabouts, and for women and children from $3 to $4, payable in goods. These goods are mainly rough ornaments, as brass bracelets and glass beads. Rum figures largely in the traffic as a medium of exchange. it is said that so great is the desire among the negro population of Africa for rum and ornaments, such as those we have mentioned, that parents will sell their children and husbands their wives in order to obtain possesion of themn. The system is still regularly organized on the Africali side of the Atlantic. Gangs are formed for the purpose of kidnapping the unwary or helpless, when the traffic is not sufficiently lively to satisfy the supply. Partly by force, partly by tra3fc, the entrepOts or barracoons, which are located in sheltered nooks along the coast to escape observation, are kept6ipplied. A barracoon is ordinarily composed of t :o buildings, one for the men, the ,other fok; the women. and children. In these barracoonstlih negroea atchained in gangs of from 8 to 12- until the arrival of the slavers off the coast. They are required to do a certain amount of ' work-not excessive, as it would seem, but sufflcient to keep them in health. They are branded like- cattle soon after their arrival at the barra-. coon, some on the arm, somo on the thigh, some on the breast. It is not, h6wever, umtil they are put on board ship that the real horror of their situation is fully felt, as we shall pre'sently'endeayour to show by 'the evidence of* a seaman who was present at one of these expeditions. They are then shipped for Cuba, or for 'some desert iBland which lies on the way to Cuba, and from this they are conveyed by smaller vessels to their port of destination. All matters considered, it is much to be questioned if the traffic in slaves was ever organized in a more cruel or destructive fashion than it is at the present moment, and the centre of this aboninable trade, if we are to give credit to the statements of the Nev York journals, is at Neow York. It is said that it cannot be stopped. So maui fold are the precautions used, and so circumspect are the dealers in this horrible traffic, that the authorities in New *York cannot, as they say, despite of their most earnest enrdeavours, put it ddiwn. This is, in other words, to assert that precautions adopted at the port of departure are vain. This can scarcely be so. Why should not Portuguese merchants use the port of Liverpobl as well a's the- port of Newv York for the despatch of slavers, but that the British authorities have succeeded in accomplishing that which 'the authorities atf New York have failed to accomplish? The American 'writers would have us believe that the traffic is mnainly in the hands of Poituguese merchants domiciled at New york; but, even if this were so, it would scarcely irnprovc their case. "There is, however, feason -to be"lieve," they' add, "that not unfrequently " Americans share in the risks and profits of the business." The Portuguese merchant is put forward as the blind, and the American merchant finds the capital. The facts are so notorious that not long since the British CorsulGeneral at Cuba -wrote to the British Minister at Washington informing hima that a slaver was at that moment actually fitting out at New York, which was destined for Cuba, via the African coast. Herefollowsanaccountof the mod us t>perladi:-" In " most cases a suitable vessel is first selected (a fore"and-aft schooner or large sloop being generally pre"ferred), and furnished with spars, sails, &Ce. She "is then towed up the river, or down the bay, and " sometimes to the east end of Long Island, to avoid " observation, and there supplied with wlhatever is " needful to perfect her outfit." At night casks and boilers are put on board from a vessel which drops alongside. The casks are then stealthily filled, lest attention should be excited by the extraordinary quantity of water taken aboard. Finally, the slaver is towed out of the port at an hour when she is most liikely to escape the notice of the revenue officers. The American papers affirm that public opinion is not to blame among themselves, and that the municipal authorities at New York use their utmost endeavours to stop the traffic, but that it is beyond their power. As long as the markets of Cuba are open, they say, and as long as the Spanish officials are in the habit of adding largely to their incomes from the droppings of the slave trade, all their efforts must necessarily result in failure. What a pity it is for our American friends that the Union itself is so heavily tainted with the guilt of slavery, or else how satisfactory a cesits bMRi might they make out against the Cuban Spaniards for meddling so largely in this unholy traffic, and for encouraging American citizens in the violation of the law ! We can ourselves scarcely suggest a remedy other than that of bringig the pressure of our cruisers to bear upon- Cuba with still greater force than at present, but we have little confidence in the result. Until the traffic is stopped in the markets by those who have auithority over them nothing will be effectual'y accomplished, the profits of the business are so great. AnDxuw WUsoN, the seaman to whom we alluded above, had deserted from a slaver, found his way to a ba-rracoon on the African coast, and vwitnessed most of the proceedings in the slave trade. The slaver Altivie, from New York, arrived at the barracoon 'where he -was. She was intended to carry 400 negroes. The best men were paid for at '$60, women and children at from $30 to $40. The cargo -was filled up, and when the slaver reached the desert island of Santa Nearia the balance of the cargo was sold at prices ran,ging downwards from $800 for prime men. The sufferings of the Door ereaturas, however, appear to have been awfuL. The Altivie was a schooner of 150 tons. Four hundred negroes, we say, were stowed on board her. "The major part were compactly huddled in the "hold. Accommodations on deck were afforded "for the women and children. There was here "fresh air, but the condition of those in the hold "was awful. They had to lie in spoon fashion, " and were not permitted to stir out. A tolerable " supply of food was afforded, but water 'was "spaxingly dealt out. The vessel directed its course "to Cuba; it landed at Santa Nearia, a desert "island. During the passage 100 of tite sees "died.` Such is an example of that branch of the modern slave trade, the centre of which is said to be Nuw YoRx. We rejoice to add that in this case, at least, the Slaver was foind guilty, and sentenced to 10 years' imprisomnent.
It is well for England that in announcing the publication of the half-yearly accounts relating to trade everybody can pretty nearly guess what we) are going to say. It is the old story of prosperity i and increase, to which there seems to be no limit, and which far outstrips imagination. The returns are, in fact, so large that we think less and less of I them from the iiability of the imagination to-l comprehend the sums. In the earlier pages of the Diary of PEEYs or Jom- EvL-v we meet with such an entry as the following *.-" I find I "'am worth this day 45g. GOD be praised ," It delights him to count his gains, to chinki his money, and to chuckle over the amount. As we read on these entries are less frequent. Wealth becomes a matter of course, and the sums are mechanicaUy wvitten dolwn without an effort of the imagination, and without a thought of gratitude. It is with similar callousness that one is now-a-days apt to look over these returns of Trade and Navigation, which nevertheless are full of sigffnicance, both in the magnitude of the total which exhibits the enormous expansion of our commerce, and in the rise and fall of the different items, which indicate important changes in our mode of living. Take, for example, the very first thing men- tioned under the head of " Imports into the i "united hdngdom"-animals. It appears that the number of animals of all kinds-oxen, sheep, pigs -landed durinrg the first six months of the present year did not exceed 30,000, and that this is not'half the number imported in the corresponding term of 1854. It is convenient to bring these two years into comparison, as the discrepancy, 'when there is one, between the items wll be more inarked than if we compare the statements of two successive years. It is thus shown that we are annually becoming less dependent on the continent for the supply of our live stock. In the article of provisions, too, there seems to be a similar diiinutioii, except in salted beef and pork, which during the period of war were imported in increased quantities. Butter,-cheese, fad eg salonegeem to be stationary, our import of eggs usauail amountingv to 70,000,000. Even half the quiantity of foreign, corn that we required -in - the rst six: months of 1854 has been sufficient for us in the preseat year. Taus for articles - of provision rwith which we are able to furnish ourselves we have drawn bat slightly on the continental markets. On the other hand, the demand for tea, coffee, and cocoa has been steadily increasing. From January to the end of June last 1,500,000 more pounds of. fea were drunk than in the corresponding period two years ago. The consnmption of coffee as well as of cocoa has slightly diminished, although the quantities of both which hare arrived are consi- derably increased. as for the angar to sweeten. th'ese beverages, the returns xather puzzle one at. first sight. The quantity entered for home con- suEmption last year, in vhich the burdens of thewar Were most severely felt, and maany a poor family were glad to drink their tea without sugar, was greater than in the year before, and very much greater than in the present year, when we begin to breathefreelyagain. The explanatittn of the anomaly may ba that, in anticipation of the sugar panic of last year, larger quantities were taken out of bond than the country absolutely required. Of tobacco the consumption, has steadily increased, and for wine the demand has been reglulated entirely by the war, falling very low in last yea, aind again rising -on the conclusion of the peace, although-not as yet to the quantity consumed in 1854. The declared value of o-ar epcrts during +,he first six months of 1854 was 49,000, 0001.; in the same period of last year they sank to 43,000,000?.; and now they have again risen to 54,000,0001. These exports, it ought to be explained, are entirely of articles either produced or manufactaued iln the united kingdom, and to show how unprecedented is this return let it be added that the annual average of exports from 1847 to 1852, not for a halfyear, as above, but for the wvhole year, was only 66,500,0001. How rapidly tle increase is made may be judged by looking at the single item of cotton manufactures. Here we find oE one species alone of these products an exportation growing annually in value by a milion of Money. Of woollen and !worsted yarn the export has increased in a couple of years from 500,0001. to 1,200,0001.; and so of almost every other item. Everywhere the same energy and progress, and the happy art of seizing an opportunity. Peace is concluded, and by the end of JLue 149 vessels have entered our ports from Russia. But in the same time not less than 456 have cleared for that country. And it I may be worth noting, for the benefit of those who saw inthe repeal of the Navigation Laws the destruction of our coasting trade, that whereas the I British coasting vessels which entered or cleared different ports numbered 70,000., theforeign. vessels scarcely numbered 100. It is not without trembling that one traces the steps of this marvellous progress-a trembling not unlile that of the owner of a Derby favourite, who sees his horse maling all the running, and wonders how it wiU be at the winning-post. We have hitherto been comparatively alone in our commercial achievelments. Now a host of rivals are in our track, and Icountries that scorned us as a nation of traders are glad to follow our example and to share in onr greatness. With competition thus increasing on overy side-France transferring its enormous | energies from political to mercantile speculation, America chasing the dollar over the world as much for love of excitement as for love of gain, P1ussia anxious to foster its shipping and extend its commerce, our own colonies folloving in the footsteps of the parent, and taking to the water as naturally as ducklings-a croaking politician might ask, " What will become " of uis a few years hence?" The answer is not far to seek. Even if commercial rivalr& were dangerous, England, in whose maikets there is a greater elasticity than in those of any other country in the world, has nothing tofear. Wehave felt in England some severe enough twintges of gout, that have rudely interfered with our military capabilities, b-tt that aristoratic malady has attacked as yet no vital part. If there is rottenness Iand senility anywhere, it is not in our commerce, i which combines all the liveliness of youtli with all the stability of age, and invites rather than shuns competition ; for it is the glory of mercantile competition that the more of it we have the better. It is not like the struggle of a racecourse, where the advancement of one is to the loss of all the rest. Here the gain of one merchant is an advantage to all, and the increased prosperity of a neighbonring State, so far from damaging our position, improves it, by providing is with a more ealthy cuatomer. Let France, therefore, let |Rnssia, let America, prosper; England will prosper still more.
C6URT CIRCULAR. OSBORNE, AUG. 4. The Queen arid Prince, the Prince of Wales, the Priincess Royal, Princess Alice, and Princess Helena attended divioe serv;ice at Osborne yesterday momning, w'hich was performed by the Rev. G. Prothero. The Duchess of Rent also attended the service. Mr. John Wood, Chainman of the Board of Inland Revenue, had an interview wth the Chancellor of the Exchequer yesterday. Sir Thomas Fremiantle, Chairman of the Cnstoms, had also an iaterview yesterday with the right hon. oaronet, at his offical residence in Downing. A de,otation from the Metropolitan Board of WorLs had an interview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on Saturday, at his official residence in Domvaing-street. The deputation consisted of Mr. Thwaites (Cbairman), Major Lvon. and Mr. Corrie (mnembers of the Board), and Mr. Woolrych (Clerk of the Beard). A deputation of the Board of Works for the Whitechapel District had an interview with the Right Hon. Sir Benjamin HaU at the Office of Pubelic Works in Whitehall-plaoe on Saturday. The deputation consisted of Messrs. John Casey, Federick- Thomas Hart, Thomas Brushfield, George Simmons, Jabez Shelton, Christopher Sands, and tha clerk-, r. Alfred Turner. The deputation -was intcoducea by Mr. C. S. Butler, ILP. Despatches for the Governors of Msew South Wales, Victoria, and Tasmania were sent last evening from the Colonial-oftice. I)espatches were received froma the Governor of Canada.
MI2YISTEREAL MOVEMEYTS. Viscount Palmerston leaves town to-day, accompanied by Viscountess Pinerston, to pass a few weeks at her Ladyship's seat, Brocket-ball, Hert& The Marquis of Lansdowno has left Lanrsdowne-house for his lordship's villa at Richmond. TheEarl of Barrowby, accompanied by the Countess and family, havelefttownforSancdon-hall, Stafibrdshire. The Earl of Clarendon, with the Countess, returned to towfi yesterday from visiting Mdr.G.G. laro)urt, liLP., and Prances Countess Waldegrave, at Kusieham-park, Oxfordshire. The noblo Earl subsequently left towNfor Osborne, on a visit to Her 3lajesty. - The Right Hon. Sir Chatles Wood, *Ith the lUors of the Admiralty, in the kidmiralty steam-yacht, is at Queenstovn on an officibi visit of inspection. LadyMar Wood and the RigUt Ron. Sir George Grey and Lady drey are with Sir Charles, and purpose a vit to the akes of Xillarney prior to leaving L-eland. The Duke of Argy71 is at on the Continent. The Right Ron. the Chancelliorof the E-xchequer and lady Theresa Lewis arid familyv leave to, it is expectel, to-morrow for Harpton-const, Herefordihire. The Right Hion. Henry Lhonbochere, IIL., and Lady 3Iary Labouchere, are passing the sumimer at Stoke-perk;, near Wfindsor. The Lord Chancellor and Lady Cranworth left town it the clb.- of the past week for the noble and learned. lrd's seat in Rent. __n
HoNromns BESvOWnD BY T EPIvssFOP OF TmE FREPCs.-A supplement. to the Lwod2z. Ga=e of Friday was published yesterday, announcing that Her MIajesty has been pleasedto grant ,her Royal licence and permission to various offlcers and men in Her MIajesty's mfiLtary and navalserviceto accept and -wear the insignia of the several classes of the imperial Orderof theLegiodnof Honour, wl;ichlthe:Emperor of the French had conferred upoa them as a mnarkof his approbationof their distingui8hed services before the enemy during the late wai'. 8The Gazete publishes the names of the individuals upon whom the honour was conferred, but it is not noecessary to repeat them, as the list copied from the 3t7i.t appeared int Shc Tintles of the 15'th of Juily.
UBZu'fvnv oF THE 2NonTHBRN THDIAwA. (From the Buffalo Couricr, July 2L) Thefirst mate, Mr. W. I. Wetmore; the first engineer, Frank Farrer; and Charles E. Marsh, cleri, arrived in this city at noon, and we have gathered the following state. ments direct from them, lMr; Wetmore, who had charge of the vessel at the time, made the following statement:- " We left Buffalo Wednesdayevening,Julyl6, at 7 o'clock. Thursday morning, about ten minumes past 11 o'clock, when about halfway between Point-au-pelee Eeef and Point-au pelee Lighthouse. the engineer sent a Mran to me and said he wanted me below, and when I reached there the first engineer, Mr. Farrer, was getting the hose ready, and attaching it to the fire-engine. Xr. Farrer said, 'iir. Wetmore, she's afire.' There is a round hole, asually covered witli a plate of iron, which was oft, between the engine-room and the smikepipe. on thoGstarboard side. I saw a light underneath the maindeck. I turned about and ran to call the men, passing sowoe on the dock, whom I told to run to the engineer. I proceeded to the forecastle, where two or three of the men were. sleeping, and told them to rouse. I immediately ran back to the engineer, and found he had got to work with the fireengine, and also saw the flames bursting throughthe hatches. I saw she was badly on fire, and ran to call the second mate for the purpose of altering her course. Thence I ran to My room, which was alongside of the wheelhouse, to get my aXes, and had hard work to get through the flames, which horned my bands considerably. As I came forward I met the second mate and one of the 'wheelsmen, who said they had the boats out on the cranes. I went immediately on to the promenade deck 'with my s3es, and, when I got there I saw the forward boat was cromded with men. 1 felt sure they would all be lost, unless I could get them out of it. I took an axe in my hand and ran forward, and told them they would all be lost unless they got out. " Mr. Farrer, the engineer, and the second engineer were trying- to pul them out of the boat, and succeeded in getting some out by the greatest possible exertion. At that moment the cranes gave way by the weight of those in the boat, and she went down end forward, and spiled most of them into the -water. The boat would hold 18 or 20, and was crowded to excess. When she went down I Imew -what would result, and did not stop to look at her, but tarned round and mnet the men whom I had sent aft. They said they could not get aft, as the flames would not permit them. I then turned to the passengers and begged them to keep cool, and I would save them all, at the same time knowing there were about two cords of plankabout half way aft on the larboard side. I ran where the plank was, and also called to the crew and such of the pMs. sengers as were near, and urged them to get the planlk out I brought out an armfull and then wFent hack to the opposite side and brought another loadL I constantly ared the passengers to obey my orders, and I 'would insure safety. I got them at work getting out plank and woodwork, such as doors and paneling3. "WTe then rushedinto the cabin andhasled ont the dining tables and threwr them forward. We cuaw say everything that could afford any assistance. "A woman shortly after came to me and said, 'I am alone with four little children.' She had at the timu one in her arms. Itook itand passed it npto a passenger who was on deck. The woman then passed me the other three. Soon after another woman passed me a babe about sin months old. Just previous to this time the Missivsiopi, which was about five or six miles astern wvhen the fire broke out, had picked up most of them in the water. By this time her smali boats, and those of the prooeller R:epublic came alongside topickthose off from theNorthern Indiana. The boats were ful of life-preserrers. The persons in the boats kept throwing the buoys overboard, and called to the passengers to jump over. The women seemed afraid to do this. A passenger about this time said to me, I Take this child, and I vill go and put them (thepassengers who would not jump) overboard.' I took the child, and had another under my arm, and three more clinging to me. The passenger (whose name I did not learn) wotked heroically, and succeeded in getting three women and men into the water, and then I lowered the childrenaway to them by heaving lines. iy friend, the passenger, was the last man, with the exceptiou of myself, who left the vesseL " Previous to leaving her I walked aft from 15 to 20 feet, and stood there without experiencino any inconvenience from the flames; I then lowered myself on the forecastle over the side to see if there was any one. I found no one, and lowered myself into oneof the Mississippi's boats, which had just come out. We pulled the boat round to the stern of the steamer and took off two men who were hanging to the -rudder. We then pulled round to the leeward and saw some An the wheel. I called out to them to swim out from the boat if they could. They not doing it, we pulled mnder the lee of the wheelhouse, and then underneath, and found two ladies and a gentleman; got them on board, and told the men to back away, as there was danger of the wheelhouse dropping on to us. "We then polled for the Mimsissippi, and on arriving there asked Captain Langley for a boat to assist in saving the wreck. We took a lifeboat and rowed to the propeller Republic, and asked him to take hold of the wreck, to which he promptly acceded. She was then towedlinto Pigeon-bay, where she iies grounded 200 feet from shore. I should think I could have remained hslfan-hour after we abandoned her without any inGonvenience. When the flames were discovered the most intense excitement and panic prevailed among the [passengers, and it was impossible to maintain any kind of order. and no attention was paid to my repeated appeals to obey my orders, or thev would all have been saved. It is my positve opinion that not a single person would have been ost had they observed presence of mnd. I did not see a single person drown, looking constantly after the heat itself and those on boarE. It is my impression tht not more than 20 persons were lost, and of those the majority were lost by the faling of the forw ard boat in the ersly part of the disaster. i deny that the Northern Indiana watS racing at the time. We were nearly an houEr behrnd time when we started, and we were r^nning at ordinary speed. We were allowed to carry 401b., and at no time had more than 2vb. ort30lb. "In conclusion, I desire te return thanks for and bear testimony tohoe gallantry, energy, and good behaviour of hmy officers and crew; likewisue to the noble andefiicient efforts of the o bcers and crew of the Misissippi and the [propeller Republic. Captains Langley and Weaver did atl in their power to aid us in savin" the passengers, and to them the credit of saving so many'~ives is due. " Twvoor three sail vessels, the names of which I do not know, likewise rendered every assstance in their power. Iknow tht some here picked up by these vessels, hut what became of them I am unable to say. " W. HT. WTMORE. " Bnffbo, July 19." Juost previons to the breaking ont of the fire and before any thought of such a disaster had been started one of the passen"ors, who had in his StatE-rOom a sum of money (some hd3,200Ywent and took from the package about half the amount and put it in his pocket. When the aClarm of fire 'was given he found it impossible to reach his sthte-room, and the balance was lost. he could not egsplain to himself why he took a. portion of the money, or why he shonldha.ve Ita3kenny of it. attJhet{ime he did. It was a snggeetion of hismind, 'which came involuntarily and -without apparent cause-one of those incomprehensible things for which there is no explanation. About one-half of thosa saved lost their all and are entirely destitute, some entirely so. One man andtbisiwife had S2,iigO, their alL, with which they were going west to purchase afarni. T>hey lost all, and had hardly clothingoo cover them left. Another man going west with his frmnily and touO dollars, all his savings for years, and all lost. AL poor ewoman with four children, the oldest about eight years old, lost everything, butt saved their lives. Another woman 'with two children, one at the breast; ws saved with her little ones, but nothing else.
The Chancellor of tle Exchequer aeknowledges the raceipt of the second halves of bank-notes for 207., for income-tax, from "R. Hi.;" also 11. for unpaid probate cluty, from "M A. G. ;" also of a bank-note for 500., in further payment of a debt long due o the nation; lso of301. ls. 2d in payment of neglected income-tax, from "W.c J. i3. J' 3md also the second half oT~ a note for 1001., Ko. S4,636, from " Z.," for incofme-tna. .aS EtuZOPxE?i ) Atsxruni RoyAl M MIL STEAMSP ColeA-y.-VLnzroOm, Augnst 4 -TheMelbourno agency for tis compy has just been given to hfessrs. ifa6ckay, Banes, and Co., the Australian branch firm of the enterprising owners of the BlAck Bill line of packets. This isan appointmlentthat cannot fail to give satisfaction to thie colonists, 3Messrs. BDaes and Co. having themnselves done so much to lesen the ditance betwen. the Ausrali=s ports ana the motlher count IEOBTTsoFLIVERPOOL.-According totheCmston' bil! of entry the total -value of foreign goods impored iato Xierpool during thexuat haf-year was m4,800,1i h .i1gs. or vhich goads to they nou of 14,85S,3197. 15s. were iinportea during the past three months.' The wvalue of the exDort;,f British goosa for the hist sir months was 25,§4J,7O6, exceeding the imports br 1,135,520L~ 5s..-- *TEE nATE FInE 5i EAft O RD X enett died on Sunday morning in Chaving.cross HosTrital. His widow, who still remains in the seine ho'ital, continues in a very -recarious condition; but the mci n:re *'bo were also severely bunmed,- are much better.
-THRE UIhTD-IE2-,--- (FE o0= SPECIL 0 - 1.WASHGTOX, JurL-23. In the proceeings of both branches of th=e-Lgs lature yesterday there -were several signs that the adjournment is approachini. 0 The Seate aent down to the House of Representatives a elutton fixing the 11th of August as the termination of the The rules of the Houte were suspended to- llow it to be dcisussed, and the debiate, as debates oft 4o, deferred the desision. Provisos aud amendma§nts Were moved and discussed, but the House`:-Oe without coming to a final resolution. The Representatives, how-ever, determined to mee' for the rest of the session an hour earlier than usual: by asiemnblingsooner, sitting longer, andattendn*gm6Wrlcsely to the realbusiness before them, it is hoped the breaking up may be possible within a fortnight or three weels. Recent unhappy incidents and the discissions that arose out of them have consumed much time; in truth, somethings more Drecious even than time have been lost; a state of feeling has been created, or, rather, deepened in intensity and bitterne3s, -which renders a speedy separation of partie3 very desirable, and it will be well if they separate in peace. The weather is excessively hot, all but incapacitating for work of any kind.; thouggh the " severity` of the season is probably a degree more endurable here than in Nfew York, where :you' are hemmed in by miles of wall and pavement, aud the atmosphere is sometimes heated to fierceness. In Washiington'the city has not srallowed up the country; the two are more blended; the main streets are a little too wide for the present trAffic certainly, but they are well planted with trees, and there are 3miany pleasure spots of green, reserves and enclosures,. mora fresh and verdant than might be supposed possible unoder such a blazing sun; a month or six: weeks more of such heat will no doubt change their aspect for the worse, but as yet they lool; cool and flouriahing. . Under a Federal system there seems always to have been a difficulty in fixing the seat of Government. The Swiss Republic solves it by changiiig the locality in which the Grand Council meets every twvo years. Even the German Confederation, which represents the Sovereigns only, sits in a free city, notwithin the territory of either of the royalties represented. In founding ths American system of govermment, many things -were zettled by a compromise; thus neither of the larger cities was selected as the centre of legislation and the Executive. A smaU district ofI 10 square miles only, a mere speck on the surface of the counxtry, was formed on the frontier of Virginia and bIaryland, and within it was founded the city of Washington, as the centre of the federal Power. It is no more the metropolis of the United States than Oxford is the capital of Eglanld. It is a special city, within a special teristory, for a special purpose. For nearly 60 years aTl the business of the Federation has been carried on from it; but trade and cormmerce, as they were not mainly sought by its founders, have kept aloof and found other channels. In half a century it has only attained a population of aboutGO,000-absolutelyinsignificantwhencompaeid with the euormously rrapid growth of many other American cities. If quiet and repose are essential to the proper consideration of public affairs, Washington affords them both; whether political feuds and the irritation of party feeling are not aggravated by removal from the influences of a great capital may be a matter of doubt. It is very probable the two great parries in the States-the Biazci and .Neri of America-would be restrained to a more moderate pitch of feeling, or at least to a more temperate mode of expressing it, by the cooler commercial spirit of society in New York. The two principal points in Washington are, of course, the Capitol, the seat of the Legislatie. Bodies, and the " NThite House;" the official restdence of the President, in the vicinity of which are the chief Government offices. Such extensive addi-flens are being made to the Capitol tnat all the old views and descriptions of it are imperfect. It lies about the centre of the city, yet in the midst of a parklike domain, abounding in the blessing of shade and the benevolence of seats, which are fully appreciated by the citizens. It is a favourite promenade. From the Pennsylvanian Avenue, the main street of the city, after crossing the enclosure, a flight of steps leads up to a tezrace with a marble fountain, on either side of -which there are flights of steps to a second terrace, which rans along the whole front of the building. As every part of it is open to the public without restriction, you soon find your way to the gallery of the House of Representatives, a semi-circular hall, with seats and desks so arranged that every member faces the Speaker, who occupies a tribune at the central point of the diameter, under a canopy with heavy crimson drapery. The galleries riu round the whole apartment; the portion above the Speaker is reserved for ladies, of whom a few were prezent. The discussion was rather formal yresterday; but the members have more resources irn such a case than with us. The desks -were strewed: with newspapers, letters, and envelopes; many were reading, some writing,- and occasionally fanning themselves; Chinese fans were nearly as numerous in the hall as straw hats; the terrible heat compels the gentlemen to adDpt the fan and parasol (in the enlarged form of the umbrella) as in Australia they have taken the veil; there is no sound reason why any of these avlioles should be exclusively for feminine use. Tnhe names of the members having been twice read over, wsith.the prospect of a third call, I left the House sitting, and it rose for the day without any definite result; there will probably be some more lively debates before the adjournment.
TJon GOODLARL-A great reception was g-iven, on his retcro from the Crimea, to Major Goodlake, of the Coldstream Guards, on Fidazy, by the nelghhouri and tenantry of his father, Mr. T. 31L Goodlake, of Wadleypark, Berks. Majer Goodlake left Englanl with the fLrbt po&tion of the a-my. He ws mresent at the Alma, and took comnnand of the sharpshooiters In the battles of In]ermann and Balakdava he took; pait with his regiment, and fought most gallantly with the ZonaTes at the Tcher. 2ay:, for which service he reoeired from the Emperor of the French the distinction of the Legionr o Heonour. From the commencement of the campaign uiitil the close he was not absent from duty one single day from icmkness, or any other cause. Thoungh engaged in the thickest of mot of the battles, he fortunately e6capedinjiury; yet his regimental dr ess, which is perforated in some .parts with bullets, follJ proves that he has had some hairbreadth escapes. On Friday Majdor Godiske was met at the railway station, drwn in trizumph to his father's honse, and entertained in the evening at a public dinner, presided oere by Sir B. G. Th zo ckmor t oun.-GZooe. xoFnrox3 lois.-Tse iatest numbers of the Dessve Ners which have reached t%e States, contain not a few pictures of Mormon life- and sentiment. Read, for instance, the following apology, for poulamy addressed by Brigham Young to some of the refractory brethren-."I do xeally: wish that somue ere possessed of better sense; I will theretrue tell -yoi A few' things that yoen should know. God never introduceod th patrnarchal order of marriage with-a view to please man in Mh carnl desires, nor to punish females for anything which they had done; but he introduce it for the expretes purpose of raising up to hIs natme a -roariethoed, s peuliLr people. Oo - not see the beneft of -itt- TYe hav^o ed long enuh to reaise it; ad tog6 S p that I bad had the =irivilego of havingeOnly one dNet 1 ould have hadl ontr soar, for these all T1 TQy first wife bore, whereas I now hiveburied fire seao and have 13 living. It is obvioua that I ooulii rot h&vO been blessed with such a family if I had beea resticted.to one wife; butbytheintroductionof tis law-I cazi bo theigltrl. m.ent in preparing taberncles for theoe sp-itr w'hich hIi.e to come in this dispsesation. -Under this laws I and s brethren are preparing tabernaclesfortheoe 5p*it. Whig have been preserved to enter into bodies of.honou-, and 1* taught the pure principles of life and- aimraion, and thoe abernaclex will aw U .an beoiae tyi-the k on. of our God.' -.neof the ad,rs-rother Grant-irt a SzsdaryInorlii5g dislcourse.f give te foilowing as his saps. rience of the orkings of polygamy-" Youl cannot -slter St,;yon cannot alter it;* you cannot revoL-e ths etia law. If aman has 50 wrives, nd the5OtOh iathe best, does the me6t good, rbe will get tbo gretest reward, itI spite-ofaU1 the gmunting on the par of the first ones."
i2BLA ND ,I.-- (FROM OVUR 0W- CORfMONDfljT.) DUBLIN, MOSDAY MossN. IRISH RIraWAY PROSPERrIX. Thetrade report of the Freemnan?s Journal an:nounces thae thI Great Southern and Westen Ral-- way Company have decided upon dividing at the 'rate of 6 per cent. per annum, deducting incometax. This advance in the dividend was generally nuticipated, but was only finall agreed upon at the close of the last week. Shoula a second dividend "be struck at the same rate it wi assimilate the 6 3per cent. preference shares with the ordinary stock, ad they will thenceforward take the same rate or dividend with the ordinary capital. I' is gratifying -to find that the two great Iri5h trunk lines, the 'Great Southern and the Mlidland, have more than realized the expectations of the promoters. When the Southern and Western was first projected bythe Ite 3lr. Peter Purcell the scheme was almost uni-versally scouted, and it wvas allegdd that the traffic wotld never cover the expense of working a line of railway from Dublin to the extreme south of Ireland. TB XUTD'Y AT ZicAGI. E Eleven civilians, labourers and mechanics, have been arrested and committed to Nenagh gaol on a 'charge of tahirg part with the Tipperary Militia, and inciting them to violence on the occasion of the late rautiny. One of the pemsons sent for trial is 'described as clerk of the cha;pel. A local paper (the zcnardiamt) gives an account of an inspection by 'General Cha*terton of the troops in garruson, comprising part of the 17th Lancers, the 04th Foot, and the ldbris of the unfortunate North Tipperary Uight Infantry. After describing the splendid 6pperance of the troops of the line, the writer gives the following sketch of the local regiment on parade " They numbered over 400 men, and, indeed, we may safely assert that such an exhibition was never witnessed in a barrack-yard before. They at once ieminded the spectators of *a ack Falstafi's ragged corps, and their appearance alUed forth the sympathy of al who saw them. General Chatterton, irstead of looking on them with the scrutinizing gaze of a field officer, beheld them in pity. Cou'd those have been the men whom Sir Jamts inspected some few months ago in the same place, when their smart, soldierly, and cleanly appearance elicited the marked approbation of the General? They were, no doubt, the men; but the spirit, and life, and buoyancy ;hich a few short months ago animated them, seemed either departed. from or broken witbinthem; and their external appearance, in ragged tunics, fretted pantaloons, and tattere shoes, would under other circumstances be ludicrous in the extreme, but now-the nufortunate men were the objects of sympathy rather than ridicule-of compassion, not of jest. Scarcely a single man had on a perfect uniform-one might be seen dressed in corduroy breeks, with red jacket, through which his shirtless arms protruded at the elbow ; a forage cap was the only emblem of the occupation of another; a thid might be seen with an old boot on one foot, while the other was partly enveloped in a soleless slipper,'and the trousers of a greater portion of them were nothing better than rags ! This was the appearance-eternally disgraceful to the Government- )resented on tho 1st of August, in the year nf grace 189;, S'y the North Tipperary Light Infantry of Ber Mlajesty's Militia. We hope the sersice of this forcea force which is worthy of hotter treatnent-may not ever be required again." THE GREAT comET oF 1556. If the accounts from Limerick are to be credited, the marvellous comet of 1556, after an absence of just three centuries, has made its predicted reappearance in the south of Ireland. The Obsereer of tsaturday says:- "A gentleman of tha highest respectability has just informed us that he saw last night, for the third time, what appears from his description to be the long-expected comet of 1556, the re-appearance of which this year has been so long foretold; astronomers, however, guarding their calculations by the proviso that a difference of three years might possibly occur, although there was every reason to expect that the great comet, which takes three centuries to complete its orbit, would be visible. about the month of August, 1856. Our informant thus descrbes the object which attracted his attention for the first time last 'Wednesday night :-lfe was standing near the salmon-weir, on the platform before the mils of .Jrbally, abotut balf-past 10 o'clocks, when his attention Vas attracted by what appeared to be a fire rising on the to of Keeper monntain, due east of his position. Ile remarked the object to a gentleman who was with him bint, as the fire rose and cleared the top of the mountain" bin friend suggested that it mnst be a lantern suspended to a kite. It had then the appearance of a globe of fire as 3arge as a good-sized orange, with a broad tail of light extending about 18 inches from the body. The two gentlemen watched it for an hour, and the watchman on the weir observed it also. On Thursday night they aU saw it again. It rose a fewr moments later, presenting the same appearances, and was high in the heavens at hasf-past U1 'clock, when they went home. At that hour one of the gentlemen pointed it out to his sister. Last nlight, from the same place, the same persons again saw it rise about 20 minutes before 11 o'cloCk-, and then it first occmred to one of them (our informanit) that it might be a comet. He ceased to watch it about midnight, but the watchman observed it up to half-past 1 o'clock this morning. It did not seem sO large as on the previous nights, hunt still far exceeded the most brilliant form in which the planet Jupiter has ever been beheld. As the greatest comet on record is really due about this time, and as the extreme sultriness of the weather would seem to warrant the belief that snch a celestial visitor is near at hand, we shal be glad to hear if any other persons bave observed the appearance which has thrice risen upon oar astonished friends."
PERIODIC'AL M,ETEBOS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TMES. Sir,-As the time approaches when the so called periodical meteors are expected, allow me, through the ehannel of your widely circulated paper, to caU the atten. tion of astronomers and meteorologists to this period, and to point Out to them tho utility of accurate observation3 this year, with a view to settle the disputed question respecting the nature of these periodical falling strs Atino period since I have made regular observations has the summer season been marked by such rapid and impOrtant changes both of temperature and electricity as it has this sear; it is therefore probable that Sunday next, the 10th of August, will be marked by an unusual number of those remarkable meteors which caused that day to be called "dies mseteorosa" in some old MS. calendars. The phenomenz of the present season have been very unusual, ;the atmospherical electricity quite irregular, and the atmosphere towards midnight has of late been full of very minute meteors, scarcely discernible to an unpractised person. The thermometer in the deepest shade and under a north wall has for the last three days risen to 90 degrees of Fabxenbeit!s scale at noon, while it has fallen to nearly 65 degrees by daybreak. The sky has been perfectly cloudlers, and the wind varying in gentle breezes from N.E. to S.E. On examining the sun yesterday, with a properly darkened telescope, I found its surface perfectly Dure and fee from spots, a circumstance which the late Sir W. Herschel used to consider as being possibly a sign of dry, liot weather, while large fecuvlm (he thought) accompanied ^ wet season. The barometer has been steady, or rather r , t1i yesterday. As f was the first person wMho called the attention of astronomers to the apparently planetoid and periodical nature of tbemeteorsofthelOch of August andl3thofNovem, ro er, in a pa per in the PkiUosop8hicaI Magazinse, as long ago as 1824, I think it right and honest now to declare that I was wrong in then supposing that these bodies might have revolving periods. I am convinced by all my subsequent ,observations that they are either mere electrical phenomena, asPliny and Axatusthoight, andindicateonlythe autumnal fall of temperature, or eLse that they are columns of in'lammnable vapour set on fire in the higher regions of the zir, as M. D)LuC used to think-, and which he has ilustrated in his works on "Mdteorologie." The question maybe solved if meteorologists will take the trouble of making accurate observations on Saturday, Sunday, and Monday next, when, udging from former experience, these nmeteors may be expected in great numbers. With thisview, I hope your valuable journal will be the means of calling the attention of observers to this approaching phenomenon all over the world. An early insertion, if it meets your approbation, will then obLi,e your meat nlatsu+. ,-v,,, T. FORSTE,R. Brte1 AuAsm _
LiABIIY OF HOTEL-KEFERS.-At the Mauchester Court of Record, yesterday, a new trial tookyplace in the case of "Cashell v. Wright." Mr. Wright Is the hreeperof the Spread Eagle Hotel; Mr. Richard Cashell, the plaiutiff, is a starch manufacturer at Dublin, doing business at Mauchester, and usually staying at the Spread eg,& Hotel when at Manchester. In June, 1S55, he was at Mani 'cheater, and put up at the Spread Eagle. In the evening, when im the commercial room, he exarined his receipts, which were in notes and rUoney, and when he went to bed he left in his coat breast pocket two crossed checks and a 5?. and 101. note-altogether 1391. In his trousars pockets, whren he went to bed, he had four Eovereigns and upon his dressing table be placed a very valuable gold lever watch with massive gold chain, and a gold ring. He did not very carefully fasten his bedroom door, and hiz account next morning was that he bad left it open, but npon further reflection be s3id he gave it a push 6ffieier. to fasten it, upposig the catch tG b6 good. Dureing the night the boots let in a man with a small paper parcel and then went to sleep. This man entered plaintif's room and stole the watch andguard and the four sovereigns, and was subsequently convicted oEthe robbery and sentenced to four yearsv enalservitude. Anactionwasbronghtbytheplaimn tiff against the defendant to recover the amonnt, 401., un the bancheater Count of Record, before Mr. R. B. Armstrong, Recorder, when the jury returned a verdict for25? ; but a motion vwas nnade in the Queen's Bench for a newv trial on te ground ofisdirection to the jury, the Recorder havin" in effect told the j that the ulaintiff was entiUed to their verdict, unless he bad in hi conduct at 7he hotel been guilty of gross negligence. Mr. Justice Erie save judgment in favour of a now trial, on the ground that the direction to the jury ought to have been that the plaintiff would be entitled to a verdict if he bad used the caution of an ordinariiy prudent person. The case was consequently re-tried yesterday, when the Recorder read Mr. Justice Erie's judgmnent, The jury gave a verdict for the plaintiffdlnnages 301., being 5S. more thian was given by the hrsf jury. CR3YSTM FP1AcE.- ONE SHILLIO .DAY,. Monday, August 4.-Admissions on pyment,20,262; ditto, by seas-)n ticket', 456e total visitors 20,718.
PR,AILWAY4 ACVIDENTS ,: RBALWAY - ~ ; I ( rA I iTO THE EDlTO OF.yTEHE TIME. Sir,-Once more I ask you, on the score of humanity, to give me a little space in your journal, as being the only chaiinel throughI which public -attention cart be arrested. We have seen this couniry eir upoin- ajusiand necessary war; backed byall the ancient -courage of herpeople, having:absolute command of all that was nepseary to give effect to the national will and i to protect thei iationay honour. - We have seen I the people tax theiiselves voluntarily to provide 'the means wherewith to do the work effectually; but the evil genius of routine and red tape frustrated their expectations and disappointed their hopes, and England has emerged from the contest, if not disgraced, stiU with a smaller share of the glory than the courage and devetedness of her soldiers oug=ht to have aecured. That army which went forth in all the pride of strength and national pr.estge -was speedily decimatedc by disease arising from neglect of the most ordinary precautions. and it was only after losses and disasters that were described in the House of Commons as " horrible and heartrending" that we discovered that the conduct of the war was in the hands of the men, and our soldiers were fighting with the old woin out materials left on our hands after the Peninsular war. People specutlated upon the possibility that, with our circumscribed populatioss, well employed and well remunerated, it mi,ght be difficult to find a sufficient number of fighting men, but it never was thought possible that, in the mere material of war we of all nations on the earth should be deficient; nor was it ever supposed that, after hearing so much of the improvements in arms and munitions of war in other conltries, we were, relying on the ancient glories of " Brown Bess." But, Sir, Govermment is not the only example of the pernicious rule of routine and red tape; scareely in a less degree oar railways, as being the largest corporate bodies nest to the Government, are suffering from tne misrule of this antiquatedl dynasty. As in the government of th country, . so in the government of railways there appears to be no internal consciousness that the world is moving on. The vis inertits is such that no change is thought of, and nothing in the way of improvement can be effected, except by exterior influence- some great up-heaving of the people, some " pressure from witnout." Hlence we see an Administrative Reform Association in the one case, and a Railway Reform Association in the other, endeavouring to enforce upon the authorities in each case the necessity of adapting their arrangements to the progress of intelligence. In the year 1853, vhen I had occasion to address you upon the subject of my preeent communication, I said,- " In every branch of private industry our necessities press on the tide of improvement. Even agriculture, -now that she is relieved fromu the wet blanket of protection, has awakened to a knowledge of her power and importance. She feels already the dignity of self-reliance, and manifests the healthful influence of energetic effort, the result of necessity. But railway management is insensible to this in- luence; the necessities of the propf.etors are not felt by directors and managers, and it will be found true as a rule that in proportion to the magnitude of the company so is the difficulty of bringing tho influence of the shareholders to bear;upon the executive. It is thus we see every railroad, like its neighbour, adopting a stereotyped form of government and management. There is no emulation-no Atprovement. We have thus a succession of bad copies from bad originals;* and the reason advanced by a railwvay man-that ' thc samc thing *s done elsewrhere'-is by him considered as conclusive of its propriety, as a precedent at law by the juldges." at the timue to which I am referring I felt a more active interest in the manaagement of railways than I now do, but there is one branch of the management which neither I nor any other person can cease to feel an interes in-namely, that wLich bears upon the safety of the passengers passing on the railway. The experience I had as an active director on one of the railways of this country for many years gave me an insight into the system of management, and enabled me to form an opinion in relation to it. The nature of my occupation having developed a taste for mechanical pursuits, I naturally gave more than ordinary attention to the mechanical details in connexion -with the worling of a railway, and, after observing the mode of -worlkng the signals, I came to the conclusion that the system was radically bad, and that the safety of the public was constantly and unnecessarily endangered there.by. I proved the correctness of my conclusions by a two years' working of the railway upon the prraciple] for which I am now contending entirely free from accident, and without impediment to the i traffic. The opposite was- also proved when a new manager -brought with him -the old system, and hardly had it been re-established when it resulted in loss of life and destruction of property. With these convictions on my mind, backed by an experience which few non-professional men have had, I cannot feel satisfied to remain a silent spectator of a state of things that I know to be fraught with constant danger; and, knowing that the comparative safety we do experience is not in coiszequence, but in spite of, a system bad in principle, and the direct cause of a very large proportion of the accidents that attend this mode of travelling, I feel compelled again to seek your aid, in order to bring the subject of railway signals under the notice of the public. AS one of the most recent instances of the workirg of the present system, I will ask you to refer to the details of what you aescribe truly as a "fearful accident" at Church Fenton, in Yorkshire. It appears that a train of passengers arrived at Church Fenton, and it was necessaray to " shunt" it across the line; while this was being done a goods train came from York, I and, seeing the signal "all right" exhibited, the engine-driver and guard, anticipating no danger, ran into and literally through the passenger train, cutting it in two, killing two passengers andI wYounding 14 others. Mr. O'Brien, the secretary, wfrites officially, for the comfort of the sufferers aInd the consolation of the mourners, that "the signal by which the train ought to have been protected appears not to have been used, or to have been disregarded, the statements of the respective parties on the point being conflictin"".' This occurrence will be made the subject of one of those solemn farces that invariably follow these untoward events. There will be an effort made to criminate some poor engine-driver or signalman; the jury will have their attention called away from t,he real delinquents. Some innocent victim of "the system" will be made the scapegoat, the iury will make some sapient recommendations for the future, the authorities will express their readiness to take them into their serious consideration. The farce being played out the company will retire, and the circumstance wnll be forgotten uintil the next " smash." Now, this routine has been in operation ever since railways were established in 1832; the same absurd pretension of managers to look upon their rules and regulations as equivalent to the prevention of aceidents-as though by their mere fiat they could control events. Assuming the normal condition of the road to be safety as the consequence of their regulations, they rely upon somebody to g ive tunely notice when this supposed order is disturbed. That " somebody" occasionally neglects his duty, forgets to perform it, or is, from circumstances over which he has no control, unable to do so; and, as in the present lamentable instance, the public are reminded of the risk they run. There is a very prevalent opinion abroad that by a. more elaborate system of regulations, such as punctuality in starting, appropriating the load to the engine, having due reg,ard to the character of the train, and giving precedence to fast over slow trains, &c., much of what we have to deplore would be avoided. This is, as I have before stated, a delusion; and it izsoften found a snare. A railway, to be worked with the greatest security to life, must be so conducted as to admit of irregularities of all sorts without these irreuplarities necessarily involving injury to the passengers. Everybody. at all acquainted with railway matters knowsand no one better than the railway manager-that this ideal perfection of arrangement is utterly unattainable in practice; and though I admit the necessity of rule. and regulations, and though we enjoy comparative safety asthe consequence of their operation, still, unless they are based upon principles in harmony vwith our nature and conditionunless they recognize the possibility of human error, aud treat it as a permanent element against which they have to provide, they fail iust when they are rmost required, and the often recumng acidents remind m how. presumptuous it is to rely upon them as a means of permanent security. Here is. the fmndaanental error; abstact punctuality and perfection of resullt are not within the power of man to h ,complish, therefore, "w we mutst either declare the evil permanent and submit to it, or, by adopt. ing a mere rational course, recognizithese i.pr- fections as incident . all huLman effort apply our-l selvesto the task of preventing, as far as possible, any injurious consequences from their oDeration; ,such a course may he less taeoretically perfect, but, it will ba found more :practically true; and though it may detract a lito fIron, managerial pretension, :it will result in greater safety to. the public." - Suchi were the Lopinionls I expresed through the; -medium of Die Times some years ago; they remain -unchallenged to this day. I Wmll now revert to the accident at Church Fen,ton. The accident resulted from one of two causes -either, from the " danger signal" not being fixed, or from the disregard of that signal by the engineer of the goodd train. Now-, s uppose the affirmative in- stead of the negative system of signals had been inoperation on the line of railway-suppose that the normal condition of the signal -had been that of ' danger"- that is, Witlithe semaphore arm at right angleswiththepost, andatnight showing ared lightthatthe-signals were so constructed as to assume this position when left to themselves, there vould then have beennoneceseitytodoannthingasa preliminary to the shunting of the train. The engineer of the approaching train, knowing that under such a system he could not pass Church Fenton without "w^;histling down the signal," wrould, as a matter of course, and by the mere force of daily habitJ have been on the lookout for the signal, becaulse, it being a part of the affirmative system that an approaching train is to whistle only when in view of the signal, -and the signal is to be lowered only when the train is in view of the signalman, a sharp look-out is necessary in order to avoid delay. Will any manager deny that under such a system the accident would have been avoided,? It is obvious that the station would have been perfectly protected, and this without any one being called upon to lift a hand. The shunting riight have gone on in perfect security, the goods driver would have found the signal against him, and, before he could arrive at the station, it would have been necessary for some one to alter its position. In the inquiry that will necessarily follow this catastrophe the whole object will be to prove that one or other of the implicated parties has neglected his duty. This is self-evident, without an inquiry; but, c21i bno5, what will be the good of knowing, or what the benefit of punishment to those unfortunately kiUed, or maimed for life? It is the precise result that has occurred over and over again, and millbe repeated, in spite of the rules of Eustonsquare. WVe do not want a punishment after the accident has occurred, but in anticipation and as a preventative. This is one of the evils inherent in the present system, that a man is never caught committing a breach of orders until he has killed somebody, and, so long as the killing is confined to farmers and farm labourers, butchers, bakers, and landlords, their wives and children, the process will go on. It requires not the critical acumen of a professor to sea the superiority of the one system over the other; it is a thing that any child may comprehend. The practice nowY is for an engine-driver to etart out with the assumption that the road is free from obstruction, the order is, that " the line must be cleared for the express," and therefore it must be so; he goes over the road a hundred times and finds it so; he gets to believe in this state of things, and becomes negligent ina his look-out, until he meets vith the exception to the rule-there is somebody killed, and then the question arises, "wvho is in fault I" Uipon the plan I advocate, an engine-driver wYould pilot hisowYn wiay; the road ought to he clear, but it may not. To assure himself of this at each station, he asks the question, and receives an answer. By his whistle he puts the question, "Is all clear?" and, if it be so, he receives an answer in the afflrmative-he sees the signal lowered; if otherwise he also receives an answer, for the signal, which always stands to stop, remains in that position. Nor need this involve the least delay ; it is the work of a moment; if the stationmaster or signalman be at his post the answer is returned so as to make it unnecessary for the driver to turn off his steam. Then there is this great advantage-a man may be found guilty of a breach of orders without the accompaniment of loss of life. The mode of operation is open to viewr; a travelling superintendent will soon see if the orders are observed; a director or a passenger could do thesame thing. A station-master's or signalman's absence from his post could only result in the stoppage of the train. This is easy of cormction; the delay would be reported, and punishment.would or ought to follow, and if a contumacious enginedriver were to pass a station without waiting for the necessary signal, it is equally open to detection, and a visit to the next magistrate, followed by a tliree months' recreation on the treadmill, would operate beneficially upon him and his order. There need be nobody killed in either case to bring the act before the public; it would be a precautionary measure in anticipation of possible obstruction. The non-professional reader will conclude that there must be some practical difficulty in the way, otherwise a plan so simple, and so obviously calculated to secure the safety of the passengers, would be adopted. I can assure him that no such difficulty exists; noris there, as far as I know, any pretended. I have canvassed the subject with railway managers, engineers, and others interested in the working of railways; but I never yet heard one objection raised worth one moment's consideration. I do, however, know some managers who unhesitatingly admit its superiority who still follow the old practice. Bet the best answer that I can give to such as may doubt its practicability is the fact of working a railway 70 miles long, full of stations and popuia. lation, upon the affirmative principle without difficulty and without accident for the space of two years. Does it then involve some extensive and expensive outlay? Not at all. All that is required is just to change the lever action of each signa, so that when the signal is left to itself the semaphore arm will rise to a position at right angles with the post, and thus, when at rest, show thestop signal -a change that would not involve an outlay of 5s. per signal. Would it be more costly in theworking? Little, if at all. It might be necessay in some cases to put on a night signasnan, but there are very few stations that are altogether left. What, then, is the obstacle? I know of none, unless it he that it wrould he necessary for stationmasters or signalmen to be at their posts when a train was expected, instead of, as now, prefixing the signal in anticipation of the train, and trusting to Providence to keep the line clear. Itis the rule of "routine and red tape" that stops the way ; the public service may suffer, but a public officer must not be inconvenienced or called upon to leave the beaten tract. An. army may be lost, bat what is that compared with disturbing the after-dinner na.p of some incapable placed there, not for wrork, hut for pay. A few persons may be killed on a railroad-a small matter compared with asking a man to perform the duty for vwhich he is paid-and possibly interfering with the regularity of his meals. Such a mode of Dro- ceeding may be s4iited to manufacturers and such people; but to exact a strict performance of duty, to make a man turn out in all weathers, when a train was expected, even though it would be esseutial for the safety of the passengers, would be a very disagreeable and unpopular proceeding. When wve are trying and punishing. engineers and signalmen we are but nibbling at the branches ; if we wish to get at the root of the evil we should: seek for criminals in high placea, men iho are munificently paid, but who neglect to give as even such a return as they have in their power; they canot plead ignorance, because th9 system for which I contend is in operation at all junctions, or with very few exceptions. Why not apply it at the stations, where there is constant movement and interruption, and where there is already a staff competent for the work, with little or no additional cost to the proprietors ? I have purposely refrained from agitating this question for some years, in the hope that managers wouid do that of their own accord which evidently they are resolved not to do at the recommendation of any outsider; but the Church Fenton' accident is so clearly the result of a pernicious system that I. feel justified in invoking the aid of the press, the people, and the law. Nofting short of Government interference, it is clear, will cure the evil. If it can be shown, as it unquestionably can, that no injury to life or limb could have occurred at Church Fenton had the signal been worked on the affirnative principle; if the same can be said of the great majority of rail- ray accidents, then I think, it is not too much to expect that Governuniet should step in and compel Ithe adoption of another system., I do not ask Gbvernment to act unless they feel satisfied of th%tLth. of what I have aVianced if they h.avee any. doubt about -it let thbem institute I n inquirj-a commission, if necessary. As a' rule, am an enemy to Government interference in the domestic or business affairs.of ile country, bat, raiL-oads being a monopoly, and atthe same time a necessary.convenience to. the public, I think the interference of Government oii behalf oL those who have no power to protect themselves is not only justifiable but,absolutely imperative.'. I am. Sir. vour obc-dient e;,.trvf - A RAILWAXY DM,ECTOFR.
THE LAST. NA AL CAMPAIGN. TO TEE EDITOR OF THIE TVIMES. Sir,-During a time of war no officer belonging to the service of the Crown would have been justified in pointing out the weakness of a profession upon which the safety and honour of his iountry was at that tiie depending. Buit the war is now over; the Ministerial firewvorks declared it to be a glorious peace ; and at any rate we have clipped the claws of one foe for some years to come. Is it not time to take a survey of t,he part tcaken by us as a great naval nation in that; past war, and aicertain the defects existing in oar naval system, -vith a view to remedying them before a fresh storm, perhaps as unexpected as the former, bursts upon -Great Britain? When the war commenced, England hcal, apart from small squadrons in the East and West Indies and the Cape, one fleet -well manned-that was the Mediterranean one; but it was in a lamentable state of discipline,- and more than one officer shuddered in Beicos-bay to see the comparative efficiency of the French feet when for awhile fears were entertained that Russia and. Frausnm would cornbine against us.. The Baltic fleet ivas manned from draughts made from that Mediterranean fleet (but that to a small extent), and an arbitrary revival of an old act of Parliament which forced the Coastguardsmen to go afloat, as well as all vensioners who were not after 21 years' service totally incapacitated for further service. The cruel injustice of these two steps no words can express. Manly of the Coastguardsmen never were aware of any such law; others had entered the Coastguard from the old revenue service, when it was purely a civil employment; most of the men, the latter especially, had been ashore for ten or 15 years, and did not know a reef-earing from a parelllashing; hardly one of them could steer with a wheel; and as to marks of the leadline, one might as well ask them to state an algebraic formula. Those Coastguardmen who had entered from the navy wvere generally young men-who had worked in it forseven years with very good characters, but without either skill or ability as seamen or menof-war's men. This was especially the case with the Irish Coastguardsmen; they, when driven to sea by potatoe famine, usually satisfy themselves with the career of an afterguard in a two or threedecker, and, assoonasthey can, retire to the "ould" country as protectors of the revenue. There are exceptions of course, and the good Irish sailor is generally a most able man; but I speak of the mass. These men married immediately, and children came with a rapidity only to be equalled by Coastguardmen and Protestant Divines. Their pay was pretty good; they had a bit of garden which aided materially, and by worlking in it these men contrived to support families of 10 souls, or even more, in comparative comfort. They made no provision for having to leave their families, as the act by -which they.could be called upon w.-as totally forgotten, or supposed to come in force only at the close of a long and desperate struggle. A war broke out, and at once that Adniralty, vwhich had boasted, not long before, that in the event of a war with France, they could line the coast of England with steamers-an assertion which I remember wfell you at the time questioned the possibility of their doing-atually as a first step had to call out the whole reserve, such as i< was, and leave the coast and revenue to be watched by extramen, as they were named-broken down fishermen, loafers, and the trash vwith which seaports and fishing villages abound. Fancy the feelin of dis content engendered among those Coastguardmen and, much more so, among the pensioners! Neither, however, could complain; the pay of the one, thepension of the other, wvere in their Lordships' hands; they were no longer single or independent men; a wife and starving children forced them to go mute, but heartsore, to serve in a profession they had ceased to love. Now, this is no overdrawn picture; and if yourself or the reader have, during the absence of those Coastpguardmen, had no opportunity of visiting their families and seeing the bitter straits they have been put to, upon the pittance of 11. a-month, or 5s. per week, itwould be a good, profitable, amusement to do so, now that all the world is on the sea-coast, and the Coastguardmen themselves are there, to fully explain the motives which led them to become Admiral Berkeley's volunteers for active service. The next arbitrary act was to compel tfhe crews of men-of-war which were arriving in England from the Indies or Amaerica to proceed forthwvith into ships belonging to the Baltic fleet, and this was done in the most harsh, overbearing manner; and yet, in the face of broken pledges, the Adrmiralty insulted these seamen by calling them " Volunteers." The Fox, Cumberland, and many other ship's company, were treated in this way-it was purely "pressing a crew." Excepting the few continuous service men, the Admiralty had no more right to take a British subject out of a ship into which he had gone, and agreed in that shiip to barter his labour for a certain pay and advantages, than they had to press men from the beach at Gosport or Portsmouth. The men went obediently, with one i exception, which was soon overruled, for Jack be- gins to look upon himself as in the hands of an enemy from whom there is no escape but by desertion to a foreign flag. I Thus, we have the Baltic fleet manned so far by compulsory draughts of men from the Mediterranean, Coastguard, pensioners, and from crews that should have been paid off and allowed to choose their own ships; lastly, to fill up au vacancies, and make the whole thiing perfect, poor, half-starved, ill-conditioned creatures, in the shape of "sezd-d<Wss !ordieuzrny searneu,"-or more properly spaking " landsmen,"-were thrown in by hundreeds from I the receiving ships of the NWaval Coast Volunteers |and Towver-hill rendezvous. Falstaff's ragged, lousy crew were men compared to the majority of these poor creatures; one wholesome Finn or a Russian would have thrashed a dozen such. But what cared the authorities, beyond getting nLunbers and shutting M.P.'s mouths by formidable retus? and what cared the oflicers at -the volunteering and rendezvous posts, provided they got the quasgsmtu of men which was to give them a ship and active employment, or, in some cawes. -oromotion? l'he captains of the fleet darednot complain, or ask for more or for better men. "If not satisfied vith the vessel and crew my LTords Commissioners have been pleased to intrust to your eharge, they will have no objection to supersede you"-would have been the insolent reply; and had he resigned, a black cross and the shelf for life would have been the reward of such conscientious zeal for the profession. Thus constrained, the Baltic Fleet went to sea; and what, let us think, was left behind-bad as its composition was. Nothing; positively nothing. So hard driven was our mercantile marine even for steamers and crews that the very mail service was interrupted, and I feel certain facts will bear ine out in saying that, had a storm and wreck-overtaken the Baltic fleet-and such an accident was by no means unlikely in such a sea with such crows-the shores of Great Britain and the whole coasting trade would have been open to the Russians before the Mediterranean fleet could have been recalled. ' . I am aware that there were gunboats building in the yards, and a few old sailing line-of-battlet ships to - be had, but where were the seamen to handle them, and trained gunners to fight them 9 The Napier who commanded the Baltic Fleet tells you that he did not do more in 185, because he had no confidence in the composition of the fleet heeommanded; and let un not forget that he was a man who had, when confident of'his means, fought and conquered against alarming odds. The Adiiralty say otherwise. In whose opinion do you- think there is most justice? and, knowing as we do the . utter want of foresight of those who had leftZEng- land in the fist year of a war! withutI n-sigole reserve seaman, does it not seem' providentiaLthat that Baltic fleet did not risk defeat? - ' - ; - I do not sit down to write a defence of our A4dmi-als; all they sought for -was employment. ,Full pay and table allowranlce were sweeter to them-than telling the truth and forfeiting the smiles oeE the bureaucracy of the Adiralty. They took command of fleets and squadroas knowing they would be able to do riothi:n beyond tbrowing glamour in: the yex of :their enemies and: supportin-,a: rotten oyatem -a Witehall - - - .;- ;- The reiult has been, ik-and-water opersit,s ujn' o the hand, total flilures. upon the otherno dasah,'no enterprise anywhiere. The ship attack upon Sebastopolj -with' the exception of those who engaged the VWasp aind Constantine For-ts, jrasadii_ grace to gunnery and. naval tactics, and 'there are *otherlittle, nay great .-facts. connected. with that day which itis yet too soon to give an airing to. The navy, at any,rate, 'anno't, as the army do, point at the corpulent marshals of our noble andgal*lant ally and say, '" It is not our fault that we did not move." They have n'obody to thank for their shortcomings but the various constituent' parts of he government OI .the Royal Navy of Great Britain-vwiz.,- the crazy, slow, and unsatisfactoiy lachinery termed the BRoard of Admiralty, the' whole working,, of-'which, though nominally in the, 'hands of twFo civlVi and four naval commissioners, is actually in the hands of a body of clerks and private. secretaries, who really rule the profession,: and have slowly smothered. its energies with red-tape and office routine, and who do anld undo,' without the slightest regard to the feelings or interests of seamen or officers, shaking to its 'foundation that feeling of reliance in the -sympathy of their *masters, which should be the mainspring of the service. The great office idea has been of late to break down the ship's-compIany system, or that. of the close attachment between officers sand ien in certain ships; it resembled the regimental systen, except that,- instead of a ship's company and officers being together for any long period, they -were generally paid off in four. years' time, and, obliged to seekl new ships. - Fifteen years ago this was the case 'generally in the navy. It had two serious objections in the eyes of the authorities; the first was that captains who were tyrants or fools, could not get their ships manned as easily as those of 'good character did. INow, it t5ften happened that a noble scion of a noble 'race, or a descendant of one of those families who enjoy a vested right in the navn, partook of one or other, or a portion of each of those characters; and, consequently, the difficulty of getting him a crew ready to hand was highly dLsagreeable to their affectionate relatives in the Admiralty. 'The next w%as, that whole ship's companies had, after leading a life of excessive drill in the ships of mnartinets, composing one or other of those muchvaunted experimental souadrons, left our service for America the day they -were paid off and free men. A ssanding navy and continuous service was naturally the remedy, and no one can doubt for a nminute that in these days a standing navy of seamen, as we have a standing navy of officers, is essential for the protection of our enormously increasing commerce. A scheme was at once set on foot by volunteering continuous service men from the fleet-their numberto be about 30,000-and here comes the cloven foot-the whole of the management and patronage belonging to this bodyto be invested in the offices of the Admiralty. There was to be no coniesion between these seamen and the officers who stood on the Navy List, beyond that Mr. Woolley, -we will say, would send Captain Smith S00 to man his ship with, and in a twelvemoaftk's time draught halfof them off again to the Hon. Mr. Brown-kindly sending an equal naumber of strangers to fill their places. Officers did not take an interest in their men; for they knew they would be taken away from them at any time. The' men cared for neither ship nor officers, and a man-ofwar's-man, without esprit de corps, is fit for nothing, and can be put at nothing. Such has been the melancholy state of many a frigate and line-of-battle ship during the past war. The Admirals and Captains both in the Admiralty and out of it know it-the fact has glimmered uDon the civilians, and the consequence isa remodelling of the continuous service system and that of the Coast- . rd. Never having seen a large or comprehensive measure emanate from the Admiralty, the service generally smiles by anticipation at the size of the mouse the mountain in this case likewise will bring forth; but it is for you-it is for every influential man who considers for a moment the peril that has passed, the shame and misery that has been averted -to take steps to force wise and prudent measures u'pon impracticable old admirals and self-sufficient clerk;s. We require a standing navy and strong teserve; both can be effectively formed without adding is. to the peace supplies to the navy in 1850 or 1851, and we want revived again in the service a confidence in the Admiralty upon the part. of the navy, and a regimental, if not ship's company, esmrit-deco7ps among officers and men. On this subject, able disinterested civilians are as capable of judging as naval men, who, too often, are prejudiced and narrow-minded in their viewfs; and, although fractious old seamen may get up in the Roulse of Commons and say, ';Wlhat can kon. members know about naval matters i" the service generally is not, I believe, of that opinion. The more naval matters are ventilated the better, and, just now, a gale of wind from any quarter would do them a power of good. Yours. k&a.. i: MIAi-OF-WAR'S-MA-KTh Augast 2.
THE DOUBLE AURDER NEAR 1POKBESToKE. The Dover Chronicle supplien some further particulars respecting the murder of the two girls near Folkestone, an account of iichappearedinThcismesofyesterday. The Croszide states thattheyare the daughters of hardworking people ling at Albion-plaxe, in Dover, the father being employed as a labourerupon the harbour, and the mother helping to gain a subsistence by taking in washing. The eldest of the girls was rather mora than 18 years of age and was named Caroline, and the youngest, Maria, was about 16. It is supposed, beyond all reasonable probability of doubt, that this appalling crime has been committed by a private in the 2d Regiment of the British Swiss Legion, a Neapolitan by birth, and knowN in the regiment to which he belongs as Dedea Redaniez; for during the stay of the 2d Regiment in Dover this soldier contracted an intimacy nith the elier of the unfortunate girls, and it appears that at the time the Legion was encamped at Aldershott he carried on a correspondence with her. She, it appears, returned the affection he had eressed for her, and some pledges of their mutual reg.rd seed between them, including a likeness of Redaniezr which was in the possession of the unfortunate young womarn On Saturday evening last, it would seem, Redcniez came from Shorncliffe,wherethe SwissLegion ishutted, upon a, viit to the girl Caroline, whom he savw at her father's house. While there he asked her to return with him to Sho2nCiffe for the purpose of visiting a sister of his; who, he told her, was staying at the camp, and, after some hesitation, it was proposed that they should set out for Shorncliffe, which is about 10miles distant from Dover, at 3 o'clock on the following morning. The poor girl, it seems, fell readily into the trap which was thus laid for her, and begged her mother to allow her to go. The mother refused for sometime, it seems, but at last she gave her consent, upon the understanding that the younger sister, Maria, should accompany them. No objection was raised, and Redaniez left, saying he should call for the sisters at the time at which it was arranged to start. During his conversation with the girl Caroline, however, it transpired that he was jealous of her, aud that he was im- p resseedwith the belief that another sergeant in the ionI had been corresponding with her, and that she had received those advances favourably. The girl1 denied that anythin,g of the sort had.taken place, but failed, it would seem, to remove the Neapolitan's apprehensions, for before leaving the house he asked her for ins likeness. On getting possession of it he threw it on the fire; but, onboingremontated with upon this strange behaviour, he smilingly observedtht he intended giving her a better one, andiy his launermilled any forebodings that might naturgliy have arisen in consequence. At 3 o'clock on Sunday morning the poor girls lefthome for the last time in company with Redaniez, who was seen proceeding with them upon the road to the camp byapolice-officernamed Herd, who was upon duty, and wbose attention was rather particularly caUed to the soldier from the fact of his having, some time before, been in cux. tody for ass2Xauting another member .of the force. This polceman is therefore certain of£his identity, and, as the deaciption-lHerd gives of him corresponds exactly with thst afforded by the girls' parents, -there is no doubt whatever that the sisters left Dover in this ma's company. They were subsequently seen in the soldier's company about 5 oclockl, ppsg road-side publichouse about three miles and. a-half from Dover- but nothing further appears to have been hearduof tAmuntil about8 o'clock the sami mornming, when their mutilated bodies were discovered zina secluded spot near to the highroad between Dover and I lolkestone. It is a singular, circumstance that both erestabbed ipi four places, a11 the wounds in each case being given near the region of the heart.- Thegirl, Maria, ap- peared to have died without a struggle, -but near the spot. wlrhere the body of the eldergirl as foun4 there were marks of extreme violenoe having taken plaoe, and her fingers. were also muoh lacerated, as thougl.she hadesught hold of: the weapon used against- her anid wrestled withh er mr. derer. - - - A-correspondent at Canterbury informs -us thaxt Redaniez asr ap,prehended yesterday afiernoonj abont5 o'clock,-inthevi'ge of iMilton,-<neaz Canterbnr,,by .some labourers who - iwerewvorking in the neighbourhoo?d. - Binding ihat he wps~ pursued he stalbbed himself In the breast three times with a- insie an then fell. He was conveyed to 'the REent and Canterbur lIospta1, Whr h isi wounds wrere droe, bast he is in a daur rous coc4itiou. A. blak mantle, suppose ihavebelor,gedtto fe gir2s, *ass founldupnbsa,wnh
-- I :" .19 ? ?- . - -, " ,i ,- - ff ?'-- c(ioz., ? . . A, PoriUgeeee merchant, nasued ,adlo Ae-.Csuz -"eis, s beezen -appreheaded Ia-N? iw> "Yor(Vhsrpod -with be:ng egapod in -the. ,av. 'trfic.- ,ThA>aS-dat en. which the aboyo arrest ;wis etffctd was -..aid 'ly- Aadr6w Wilson, one of the' ci*tiof- tie Alti "' :belonging to Ibils:' -Wilqnes stztttemneut , 'i ,it wic rtwo fir-m -the ECew York- lim s, as ' vEroll o :-I-, a vr &ive Boo)i July, 1855, from a thrae year' whatinrg e. The 0m9a% in which I had beau paid off-as-the wag,es of sailerB genb- a11y do-ogon dixappyired, andj wIasbbliged-:to.o aSos to wse. Lengaged as seamanauo board- the achooner-y-.U Smith; the captain told ,ue'the i essel *sh'gcig totont4video, South America. .We.wrre riot many, days out before I discovered that the destinatioi eof the veaicl-had been mnirepresented to me, a'nd tha ,iu6tedof going-to So'uthAme'rici Fhe was bound fo,the C0.st of Africa -n is sUviug.ekpeditimu. I found that the same imvpsition had b"A.practisid vapci nearly all the crew; the second. aate, anxongthbrest, was imposed upon.: The captaiu t:iedto sn;ooth'the 'd4ceptiol over-aid he was obliged, to :takEe thii . coSr'se 'otherwiseg>it would be nearly impossible to moke - ot a crew. -As thsa best satisfaction' he' c6ij:l offer,' he -pronisea 'us iPgooi *ages; this latter'pr.o5ir acted at asalve -Wm56ostlorthi, pay prominsed seemed, fabuilous in am!?Unt ,: theq agree. ment -with brahinr? sea,aen was $600, to 'go to the Coast of Africav and tifeuco 'to Cub4' fkir whinfr'eplace the pasiageof eachhwould be paid -homie; dii addition.to, this, each was to have the privile-a of -taking two negroestoCub to sell. -Sallor thaic was, fhad to muci of the -ew :England blood in-iy veis2 to sell' inygolf to- gage1n.the slave traffic; asI was sitauted, however, 7cul& ao-n6thing Ose but seemingly smcquies:s'; thhesecoud mmate, lascertaied, felt as I-did. Before reachinu theCoattof- Africa-some lumber. ox board. was.. c,pverted anto a deck2nd everything prejpared forthe rsegroes' reception. Grxeat:car as tak-en to keep oist of the wkr of vessels.' TYsero wifr,e seve.al k'inds oE-flags ont board,, of diaffer4ni. eoouotriec :te hoist as was deemed oiptjudicious. . Gnns and ns$iitions for defence were ounbtrd thuao in 6aie o6f attack or otheo emergency. The Mary Smitht li;ded 'a3tCare ?A&drois, oi th Coastof Africa, au'Isimmediately Eet:aS0ut getting a, cargo of slaves. Berore the entire.irgo vwas taken on boardthe second mate and mys-lf dea6rted ftomthe slip-aad vriwt to a slave factory,or barracoou.as it isgezerally.called,eight miles south of Cape l'adroa ; ,we here, reprosented that thecause of our desertion was cruld tre"iment fVoni the ciptain'of.tha vessel wohaddleft. .-The Marymisth sow s3ailed, and it '*as lucky that, iD tue case of, the. -mate and myself, principle overcame avarioe, -dr the schooner, asl -have aince 1ak''nt, was sabsequently captured by a, Brarihis' man-of-=aA9off Brazil,where the captain and revr<.are rt przeert imprisonedI. The barracoonuvhere the mate aad I ware received was uidethe charge of a Mr. FarrE, who was employed as the ag-ent of a large merchant-in Lisbon, . Portgal. .Shortly after,-my arrival here- the mate die4d; I tarried there two months and a-half, and during this time had fuli 'opportunify toa leam the manner in which thetrafiid in tegr.oes Is carrieeofld This barracoon, like all pther. baracoans on, the coas of Africa, was situated in a spot Sl3 iItl4 liable to bbsirvationu from the sea as presiblbe - this was to prevent the detelctioir of the locality by cruising ,esels: along the'coost; thebar, racoont was a roughly-construcbed affair, and comprised two. apartments, one for tho negro males dnd-tb6 other for the women and children; each 'ajsrtunent!-was' over .400'-feeti long, by 30 feet wide, with a space intervening of 3bout, 25. feet. Each structure was rai3ed sonoewbat frons thegrbifud to prevent damage from the inundations to which the lind7 near the sea-shore is liable. .The. sides and--roofs 'were. thatched. In the two. ebuildings, 'I was told, there weresometimes 1,000 negroes; The number depends upon 'he luck of gettingin a stock,and thefreqnencybfaslaversiandinr on the coast. The waythe nagroesareobtainedisbyarduarsystemof traffic. Peisons are trained eoit,`whodo nothing' elsebutforage the country aidstAl negtoes Theyb-ingthemr tothebarracoonsandreceive in exchange bels, calico, brbracelets, old muskets, or' ram., Thd price allowed for a stout, ablebodied negro' is about $8,' and for 'oinen and' children from $3 to $4, payAble in goods. -N.o .hildren are. bought less than sibyears of age. such is the infatuation, for strong ornamentsand run 'that parents 'tell their oi,n children to the slave-factors, aud husbands their own wivoe.- The negroes, during their stay at the barramoon, are keptchained in gangs of from eight to' 12.' 'Aa iron clasp is placed aronnd'the neck oE each uegro,snkchansattached to these clasps; th pasrties are linkeditagether. Theymike the negroes" wo but' e'p '1the, chained together while at work. The .work they have-* to do, hov-- ever, is trifing. At tbis place the nearest wa.ter wrere. t'nre:.~ rniles off, and it was no small laborr tabrinv the water necessary for drink. Beans, ' rice. and iiitddockwgs theo prid-- cipal food given the negroes.. ,The latter is' a root thatr grows there, and it is made into a sort of soup. Mo 9ne.hbut a negro could eat it.' -Within adayortwoater being brought to the barracoon the negroes are branded. 'Each. barracoon has its own peculiar brand mark, end chooses itsplace for impressing 'the braud. ' The miore usiial place is on the right breast. Sometimes it is on one of the arms or the bcck, or one of the thighs. The instrumert of brandir!.- is almays the same, a heated iron, with the brand ard, cut in it, likie apost-office stamp.' Ddringsthetimeeolas here I tried to get aw.ay to go ht St.: Paul do inando rhare I might see the American consul; but the bgenfi oud ngt allow me toeave the barracoon.l Althoug he' receired ma kindly at herst, be afterwards hanged hismaner. ae washadvery dark,s lySpaniard, adit s impo sible to get his confidence. One would not thinci of confid.-. ing anything to him.' I sawvhe evidently-ieDar2e2 me vith' suspicion, and I only songht to avert hissager. lknew, if provokted, hetwoud as soon milie awpy-sith me as he Awould with a negro.' ofe went heasily anoud - and while f ' rwas there shot one negro dead for disobedieonce bor hisorders. pat thre end of tvo monthsaand a-half a slave-shi came to Cane Piadron, some eight-iles 'above, and her captain and somec men came to:the. barracoon ichnyotcargo;: of negroes. This slaver wvas the Altivie, from lMev Yorka cargo of 40D negroes wa6 bargained for' the 'nrice paid' forthe men, those in the-beut conditio on was $60. t ior the: women and children was. wasid soam-$3 to $40 e3ch. 3h Farri arranged w.ith C~apta Mishes,' of the Ailtive, to hava .me go -with the captain. It was iot at md solicitation, although I w as anxious to get away. b - y'hope vias that 3 mighat get off in an English cruising vesseL. As it was, I did not ventunre to mak-e ang showa of opIositihen eug went 'on hoard the vessel and entereahng ontduty sand seaman. Thes Altivie w.as a schoquer of 1S0 tons,. well built, and a fast.' sailer. The negroes wereq'uicLyv stowved on board;' the 'major part were compactly hnddled in the hoid. Access. modations on deck were afforded for the women and children.a There was here fresh air, hut the conditioai of those in te hold was awful. They had 'to lie-'i sioou-fassion, and werenot permttedto stir out. A toleraulneupply offood 'was afforded, hut water was sparingly dealt oat .' Th vessel directed its conrsse to Coba;* it udid atSints'l'earia,' a desert island; during the ps.sago 100 of thenegroas died;' the vessel wa3s 40 days.reachsag thi's island; here 'they 'sold. the negroes to parEias from Cuba, who were. there in x vessel awaiting a cargo. Some prime fellows fetched $8011 each. Immediately after the sale the Altivie was set on fira& and burnt; the vessel lay here. eight days; meanwhile the captain went over to Trinidawd to get 'a pasasge to the United' States forhimselfand'rew.'butas the charge forthewp;sporte was $6,000, he concluded to go without them. I heard there that a great deal of money had been mnade out of pass. port-money, the whole matter being -very handsomely sys-;: tematized ibm the purpose. The casDtain flnlyarxaug7ed with r the captain of the brg Willisam E'eath to bring the crew on1 ' to M=ew York, at which port we lanided on the 24th of May - last."
TBi l s.-SovvwtroY, August 4.-Th6s Peniusular and Oriental Company's screw steamnship Ava,' Captain Field, sailed this afternoon for Gibraltar, Malta,and Aleandria, with the India, China, and Mediterranea . mails, 53 passengers, and on freight 2,616 bozes of specie, containing 678,6811. &. 3d., *and a good general carga. Among the passengers are Captaiij and 1lis. Hall, Dr.. (YCafllghan, Thircore,'Gordon, 'and Rdes, and the Rev. ar. Drury. The Euxine, Captain Kelloc'-, with tbe home--' ward India and Mediterranean mails, s-erpectedto-morrow. The Tagus, Captain Christiani *ill leave-on Thuisday with the mails for Vigo, Oporto, Iisbon,; Cadir. *ad Gibriltar.' The ltoyal mail steamer Atrato, Captaiu VWoolley, sailed on - Saturday lith the test India, Mexican, 'and Paiic mailsw , 64 passengers, S,OOO1. in -seie, Z6.OOO?. -value in jeweli,: and ansaerate amounhtof eargo. The em Uitie Sates' anilsteamer Fulton, Captain Wotton, from New York to. S,outhampton and Eavrs, with the -Ecnh and E:ngiish~ mails, is expected off -Corwe .n Thaday orYriday next . : 1Alh-E13isfGrti CRRIJ.GE FQ55 Trr $LTA.-Aextremely elegant, full-dress, close'carriage is ow beingconstracted for the SnltinShy,Measrs. Laureie andMrner,the eminent carzage builders, on-their-premises inOfordoid street, and vill-be despatched by a Torkish steamer. for Con, stantinople towvards the end of the present wreek.' The body is painted a bright yellow, and' fiobly ornamented a wit' silver mountings, in scmse .part6 exquisitely ubaed, *bile.: the doors a ad other portions of this exterior are emblazoned'wth the crescent and star, aurroundtd hy groupe of -ao wers and fruit. The hammer-cloth *ia of -crimson, yellowr, and: ivhite materials witlx a deep fringe, and the same heraldic. device engraven-in silver in two coinpicuons placer. The iin terior, combining great ele'gance in appearancelththemter luxurious ease, is lined -with gold-oloured satin trmed. withcrimson cur in velvet n the roof. isof vidte satin, with fltes or folds converging in the centre The ehicle is constracted with what is koowun.among ce-boiners as a crane-pereh, which admits of its turnng in the narrow oet possible space consistent with its ons Itis ofthe most durable charatez .throughout; theadrtworkmanship his been executed by men of. the highest slll. and aIt - thsr it is a remaktably fine specimen of an En lish-built cariage, and exceedingly udreditibie to the es¢itcse t 'from hich it emanates; and which includes Her Majest, the Emperor of Russia, asit dd his father, Ran y - families among its pstrons. d- othe R '_ THE Gu- TRADZ.-The members of tha military gun trade of Birmingham ;ave presented Mr. Munt,.2M.P.i. *nd MIr. NTewdegate, M.P., with tstimonials to mark the. sense of the important aervices which those gent eia rer,- deredtothatrsde, audtoihe,countryatlarge,In'-theStUa; Arms Gommittee, which sat tto year-ag. .This resentation took place' atadiruer givenat-.toheRoal kotel onI Fiday night. - The testimonial to each 'ghtlemau tool'he ' formn of a piece of 'plate. ,LThe pro4dipas co of - two groups in oxylized silver, one. for each oE the tl; gentlemen.: The incident whibh?s depicted is one oP the most inemorable epiodg in thei batle o1 I r r yrereaeuts thefinal ocnupationof satico oay dderd-- IpDmt, the SandbagBattery. The jrups are exedtedcnszlres,. oXYiAdaidgat,$n,Ud ted o np ofSirananble.' eachbering onthefrontawrath onc the'or&"!nker,ainn," and on tho'back'a siWerphb,cd tb uriptin, aried; of Dourse; for each m ieene eeated'to ere s :Fredenitk Mentr, Eeqe,j IM.,- ly-.ibe, meaabera.otf:the! military arms trade, In grateful ackao wledment -ofhis ekertions, *herebh they were enab)ed'to proehetir aJilit r to furnis an dquate auOY e£LM forth. be:psi. ;ktboUt ascsistace from 'any. foreig . er fr- . Government factory.' - 18&' Inj idditoa, - borntse were)reestedW wit; a ,laiebLeem'fow1la pie4e aest & Ihile, specimeas.-oUte latest jveiimtiit..ians,bboth 'beaiing appropriate i ption- -ut ipoii Tfe rib e of Mr. lewilegate zsnskwcileeiailef.ri~e to the exertionsS oF esie of hus ancetors, Sir Richr ewdektet* who, inthe reign of Wlliam Il, exerted ila iaflenece to get thie mlhi tary gnntrade iatrduced-ict Binninkham;-Glnb..
THB LAST SPANISH BBVOLUTION. Those who had begun to indulge the hope that Sj,in sas at last. entering on the enjoyment of con- stitut,ionl nrights, and that after many dark' aid my passages she was destined to a long ->eiod of moderate and rational freedom, cannot 7itu feel regret at the re-establishment of., the *government of the sword in its unmitigated form. The c4p crt6t wihich haa given O'Donnell the dictatorship; from which even niow the Queen a)nd the party who have profited by it are ecretly itruggling to free themselves is unique of its kind. It was projected and executed by a single member of the Government against all his colleagues, as 'gainstthegreatLiberal party of Spain. O'Donnell ,did not hesitate to shed the blood of thousands in i own cause and that of his partisans, for 'when the Queen came forth and exhibited herself to the combatants on the Ecene of carnage she was received wit}h the same acclamations on both sides. 'Shia is a fact worthy of notice;, it shows that the 3rational Guards and the others who took up arms bn that day did so not to overthrow monarchy in ,pain, but to save themselves from a man who has hitherto shown himself devoid of the better qualities which may ennoble ambition, and whose principal characteristic hasbeen a vulgar cupidity. Civilwar is the greatese scourge that can befall a nation; it can only be understood or justified when the struggle is for a throne. The Liberals of Spain shed their blood for seven long years, and afterwards at various periods, in defence of the present dynasty against the stupid and dismal despotism of Don Carlos. But no such object palliated the acts by which the presentGovernmentraised itself to power. O'Donnell shed the blood of his countrymen for no avowed political principle, for no cause of social scurity, for no dynastic question; he decimated them with grape and cannon ball to establish a Miiisterial domination to which a precarious existence is allotted, for when all constitutional control is destroyed the Government of Camarillas will :Rot fail to reappear; and what a Camarilla Govern. mnent means Spain well knows. Them is no reason t`hy the O'Donnell regime should be an exception a the general rule; other Governments not less arbitrary, not less powerful than his, have allen victims to it. The Governments of Narvaez, Pacheco, Narvaez again, Count Clonard (which lasted but a single day), Bravo-Murillo, Lersundi, Sartorins, Cordova (known in Spain as the " grapeshot 3Vnistry," and in which tsvo of O'Donnell's present colleagues figured), all perished under the baleful influence of the Camprilla, up to that ,of Espartero, which fell in a single night, and made way for a Ministry of violence, whose tum will copme sooner or later. Such is the stability of a ceginte unchecked or unprotected by a constitutional ystem, however imperfect. What the nest act of the ruler of Spain will. bie it is difficult to say. He may think it prudent, though it may well be doubted whether it will do so, to re-establish the constitution accorded by 3Warvaez in 1845, or to promulgate one of his own snanufacture, on condition of imitating the conduct of all his predecessors, with one exception, and vio- I lating it whenever it suits his caprice or interfreres I -ith his own interests. The end of this regime wil in all probability be hastened by the same means by which it came into existence. A Spanish proverb s ays-"' Quien d hierre maa d hierrra muere." &S ita, finis ita. But into whose hands willthe heritage fall ? Narvaez is on the watch to recover the command of his legions; and the dozen or so of. Generals who commanded the garrison during the -bloody struggle, and who rivalled each other in thel sort of energy which is employed to conduct it to ,success, will fall out among themselves on the division of the booty. The armywiU soon have to select its various chiefs. EvennowthefriendsofNarvaez openlyproclaim him, and him alone, as fhe legitimate chief of the army, and summon him to rally it round him, unless (YDonnell restores what he believes to be his own property-supreme power. Narvaez might recognize the rivalry of Espartero, as the avowed chief of an opposite party; but will he patiently submit to the usurpation of one of his own band? On the other hand, nobody believes that O'Donnell will easily relax his gripe, or that he has incurred nln this trouble and aU this risk for the purpose of giving way to a hated rival. The day on which the last Council of Ministers was held, when Espartero prerented his resignation to the Queen, the two Marshals happened to meet on the staircase of the Palace as one was quitting it and the other entering. "I fully expected what has happened," said lEpartero. " So did 1," was the reply. " Some day a fearful responsibility will be exacted of You for what has occurred," said Espartero. " It is you," answered O'Donnell, " who are responsible for what has taken place for the last two years (forgetting that he, O'Donnell, was his colleague the *whole of that time). Now I have the upper hand, and I will and shall conquer, or I wiU lay Madrid in ruins (arrasare d- Madrid), and if I am driven to extremity I Wil carry off the Queen by force, if :uecessary, and deposit her in a place of safety." 'Thia faet is on the beat authority; it gives us an idea of the sort of man now invested with mnlimited and irresponsible authority, and with the Sovereign in his power. But, whatever be the future destinies of the country 'Where such strange events take place, the few friends whom adversity has left him adimit, almost without exception, that the career of Espartero is now indeed' at an end. It is now 13 years since his first overthrow (and, it must be said, not a, glorious one) from still higher state than that from 'which a dark intrigue has just hujrled him. In 140 he was raised by the united voice of the people -7rZud the army to a post which few subjects not of. Itoyal blood in any country attain-4that of Regent of t.he kingdom. A military insu-ection in XIadrid ampeluna in 1841, and in Barcelona ii. 1842, with partial outbreals elsewhere, got up in the 3utterea%.ui'Weeu Christina, were without difficulty and ith litai'bloodshedput down; and theyseemed. xrather to prove the stability of his Government, -whiifPromizedto attain its legaltermination.Within oheyear from that date disturbances again occurred in Ancdalusia andCatulonia,whichordinaryenergymioht h-ave repressed, but which the irresolution Oc the Regent encouraged. In the month of May, 1843, 'they assumed a more serious aspect, and Espartero left Madrid with a numerous aramy and with every probAbility of crushing all resistance. He halted-on his =arch; he lingered at Albacete for no accountable obJect, but as if he wished to leave to his ene- maea every chance against him. Within little more -than a month from that date he was a fugitive, abandoned by the troops that had not long beforeidolized. him, and flying, almost alone, to the neareat seaport, with Concha, as the avenger of blood, folTowing in hot haste in his track; and the Regent soon shrank into the refugee. Other divisions of the army, under the command of Zurbano and Seoane, set out at the same tine from; Sarago3sa to make head against the insurrection. By forced night m3rches they' reached the plains of Torrejon de Ardoz, not far ..rom Vicw1varo, where, two years ago, O'Donnell himself v&na in rebellion against the Government of Sarto-" xius.- There they encountered a numerous body of troops under Narvaez. A bloody battle was beI:eved to be imminent, for the minds of men and. leaders on both sides Were greatly excied, and haad. nore than one injury to avenge. The result :ins ludicrous. A few shots were exchanged between. the skirmishers, and Seoane was preparing to charge, when General Shelley stepped out from.he ranks. of the enemy, harangued the troops. oni the opposite sides, and called on them to fraternize with hbis-force. The gummons was at once obeyed, the ''butt-ends of the muskets were thrown up, ;shouts were raised, :and in a few minutes two armies EO lately drawn up . in. hostile arraya mingled as friends and brothers, - and marched together to -Madrid., where every preparation for resistance had been made. but where none was offered. Espartero, who had takein refuge on board ana English vessel, was already on his way to Englaud, where hg was destined to remain for years. The principal cause of so complete a desertion of the General who had conducted to a successful issue the struggle against Don Carlos hsis scarcely been ever explained. Scarcely three years had elapsed since the civil war which lasted seven, and which exhausted the resources of Spain, had been brought to a close. The finances were at that period in particular in a most wretched condition. To avoidtheimputationof prefering the aimy to any other branch of the service the Regent caused the limited funds which,- after many difficulties, entered the Treasury, to be divided in something like fair proportion between the military and civil branches. This distribution satisfied no one, and least of all tbe army, which considered itself _abandoned by the chief whom its successes in the field had contributed to raise to power. The long arrears which remained unpaid, and for the payment of whica there was no prospect, and the reductions that were effected after the war, created general discontent, which soon showed itself in various outbreals. Superior officers suffered severe privations, and the subaltem officers were in a state of misery. Matters went on until their condition grew insupportab!q. Queen Christina and the banished Gencrals saw that the opportunity had arrived. Tne non-commissioned officers were promised promotion if they co-operated in a movement against the man whom they described as ready to snatch the crown from the Queen and place it on his own brows. Captains were to be mado colone's, and colonels generals; and the highest rank, honours, and emoluments were insured to the chiefs. It is not surprising that men, many of whom had not seen a dollar of the Queen's money for many a month, were not able to resist the temptation, particularly in a country where long civil dissension had done so much to confound all ideas of discipline.. After a few unsuccessful trials the plan succeeded, and Espartero was overthrown. The mild rule of the Regent, moreover, was unfitted to cope with the unceasing hostility of parties in the interior of the kingdom. The most violent prints of Mladrid, in the pay of Christina, were day after day filled with scurrility against his Government, his own person, and even the unoffending and obscure members of his family, and insulting caricatures were hawked about in open day in the Puerta del Sol,and cried aloud under his very windows, in which he and his were held up to public contempt and hatred. This moderation on the part of a man who was supreme dictator may be praiseworthy, but it was one of the causes of his ruin. The calumny that he was , sold to England" was so often repeated without contradiction that people at last came to believe it as a fact incapable of denial. Had any newspaper dared to say against INarvaez the twentieth part of what had been circulated with impunity against Espartero, every one connected with it, from the editor down to the most obscure workman at its presses, would have been shipped off at a moment's notice to the Philippines, if, indeed, a more terrible punishment was not inflicted on them. What O'Donnell is likely to do under similar circumstances it is not difficult to guess. I have said that Espartero's career is now at an end. When comparatively young, and in the full bloom of his reputation, his popularity, and his power, he was unable to make head against his enemies and the enemies of free government; it is not -ikely that he can do so now, when broken down in spirit and in health, with years and infirmities increasing on him, and with his heart embittered by the ingratitude of those who owe their all to him. The submission of Saragossa to O'Donnell's rule-of that city where his popularity was greatest, and where his influence was believed to be supreme-must be to him the severest blow he has as yet sustained. The remainder of his life must pass in privacy, for his best and most faithful friends admit that, under any circumstances, Eapartero is no longer fit to assume a' lead in a country even less distracted than Spain. He will leave behind-him the reputation of a wellmeaning, honest, but irresolute character. Few vwill deny that he was a good man; but all will admit that, even under the most favourable circumstances, he wanted the qualities of a great one.
THE ACcxDEN- AT GooDwoOm.-Imrediately the, race was over the weighing-room was besieged by those anxious to learn the names and fate of the Jockeys that had fallen, and foremost among the inquirers was the Duke of' Bichmond, who, ever ready to render assistance on such; occasions, despatched his private break and some other; vehicles with medical aid to the sufferers. In the nieantime a great many people had hastened to the spot, and every attention Was shown to the poor fellow.s, some of whom, we regret to state, have received such frightful injuries that it ix doubtful if they will be able to ride exam this year. Theo' catastrophe, vwhich threw a gloom over -al, was caused -by Chevy Chase, who, getting the better of her " feather"that curse of racing-ran up the bank, and rolled over back. wards into the middle of- the rick, upsetting Jolly Marine and Speed the Plough, over whom fell Hungerford, Comedyv Enchanter, Vandal, and Lundyfoot. The scene of confu-- sion at the moment, as described to us by eyewitmesses, was frightful in the extreme, the seven horses and their mained jockeys Iying on the ground "all of A heap." For. tunately allte horses instantly jumped up and galloped away, except Chevy Chase, whose fore leg was smashed, as if by a hammer, all the way down from the knee to the hoof. The poor boast eat upon her haunches moaning fearfully but was soon put out of her misery by being shot. Of the unfortunate jockeys, Steggles and Ashmall were the first to come to, and though the latter was suffering from a broken -collar-bone, he proceeded with Steggles to the assistance of the others. Bartholomew lay on his face, apparently dead, and Salter partlypn poor-Ben's shoulder, m a state of insensibility; but Ishmall and Stegoles succeded in turning jthem over on their backs, and then went to lttle -Hearuden and Mundy, the former of whom -was lyingunder the haxk, iMundy, in addlition to his collar bone% having his-thigh ~broken irn two places. Cresswefllreceived severe contusions on hin legs and arm, but Hall escaped with a shakin only, andboth speedily recovered. Upon the arrival of medic as. sistance Bartholomew was placed in the break, Ashmall and Salter in one fly, and Mundy in another, and despatched to the Royal Sussex Infirmary at Chichester. HIall returned to the stand in a vehicle, and Cresewell and Steggles on horse. back, while little Hesrnden, looking the picture of death, was placed across Tom Taylor's lap, and conveyed on his pony to the Stand, where e was instantly attended by Dr. Greaterex and Dr. Maudsley, of Hanover,square, who, after applying restoratives, recommended his being sen' to the inrmary at Chichester, whether he was subsequ-ntIy removed. Cresswell (though suffering a good deal), Hall, and Stegglet, were able, it will bo seen, to ride in the Steward's Cup an hour afterwards. The greatest anxiety was felt and expressed oii all sides for Bartholomew, whose case, it was feared, might prove fatal, owing to his not having spoken or moved np to the moment of his removal. Poor I'undy, though suffering the 'moat excruciating agony, bore up manfully under the circurnstances, as did Ashmall, hose casualty was of less importance. Much sympathy was expressed on all sides for the unfortunate sufferers, and a delay of upwards of an hour occurred before the racing was resumed. It was at first supposed that two or three of the horses that fell had met with broken legs or bhcks, but fortunately these fears turned out unfounded, Chevy Chase alone meeting-with that fatality, though it is not unlikely that one or two of theem may have received sufficient injury to prevent their reappearance on the turf for some time to come. Baron Rothschild's two, we believe, ran loose after the others in the race but Enchaniter, Speed the Plough, Jolly Marine, and Vandal jumped the post and rails at the side of the course, and thethree latter commenced flghting in the vwood. close by. Speed the Plough and Vandal got Joly Marine down, and attacked hin maot sfuiously, until a gipag boy with great courage and presence of mind seized the forrmerby the bridle and separatd them, whereupon the -old-horse galloped off -to a poid aid indulged in a cold bath, in the enjoyment of wich he was captured. Vandal had al1r- - piece of flesh torn off his -shoulder, and the Joly Marine, an addition to his btidle being benrt-ahd tora, received a similar injury, besides a deep wound in the hipt, whieh ba the appearance of being ,nficited with a knife or some sharp instruiment. Enchantei, who is a-very savage brute, fortksnately did nct join in the mWel4e, but tried lis' hiand hat steeple-chaling, endvas eventually securtd ata smillvilk.ge nearly three milesof et.fc
F -OBI'N INTBLLIGBNE. : FRANCE. I . - - - I (oM om) owxORPSOnM;T.) : - i I rhe following appeared ouar socond odition' of yes. I a?T .-I- I -RlS, StUiNAY, 6-P.3S Although certain pnblished corresponidence from adrid to-day repeats the expectation that it is the intention of the Sparish Government to promulgate a constitution of its own framing, my private accounts have a, different tendency, 'and would lead me to, belieke that there is.a groiving.probability of a reconciliation between O'Donnell and the Liberal party. It is well known that at the very first installation of the present Ministry an attempt was made by the reactionaryparty which finds favour at the Palace to induce them to admit two changes, the result of the adoption of either of .Which would have been an. imeasurable widening of the breach betweenthe new Premier and the Progresistas. These were the retun of the Queen Mother anud de- sistence from the "desamortizacion." It is n6tmnanyI weeks, certainly niot inany months, since O'Dooiell l declared in the. Chamber that he trusted. MI.riP6 Christina wouldnever return to Spain, for thatl'i,vth her in the country, al government wvas imnpossible. Such being his opinion, it was not to be expected heI would lend an ear to those who sought her backneither did he. As regards the " desamortizacion," when asked if he meant to proceed with it, he repliedby a most decided af=irmative, and assuredly he would be most culpable towards his country did he adopt any other course, for vwe have already sufficient proofs of the advantage that measure procures to the nation, and, moreover, itconstitutes theguarantee on the streDgth of' which foreign capital is flowing into Spain, and the most important material improvements are in process of accomplishment. Accordingly the clerical party, which includes among its most' zealous partisans the priest-ridden King-_o=? .sort and the sma1 clioue of notorious intrigaers who are the advocates and repreientatives of.' Queen Christina's interests,' alike met vwith a rebuff, which they now are doing their utmost to avenge. The Moderado papers begin systematically to attack O'Donnell. Narvaez, indignant at being refuised a share in the formation of a party in which he hoped soon toLreign paramount, is a decided enemy of the present Ministers, and these are wellaware of his feelings and intentions towards them. O'Donnell finds himself with few supporters out of the Liberal party, and there are indications that he is aware of this, and disposed to ieek aid where alone he has a chance of finding it. - On the other hand, all the trustworthy intelligence I receive represents the Progresistas as daily more inclined to meet his views and accord himtheir support. If he hold by his Maxizanares programme, and convoke the Constituent Cortes for the completion of their work, much 'v be forgotten and forgiven to him. If he adopt the' contrary course, he wilU be left to fig4t his own battle against the Court and the MIoderados, Narvaez, Christina, and the Polacos, and in such a contest, which he will then have to sustain singlehanded, there can be little doubt indeed of' his speedily getting worsted. It is hoped that he understands his cntical position, and is adopting the wisest course. The fortunate and bloodless termination of the rising at Saragossa is 'all, in favour of the desired reconcilhation, as is also the undeniable moderation the Government has shown in its treatment of persons wvho had opposed it and falen into its hands. If there has been deplorable loss of life, it has at least been in hot blood, and there has been none of that merciless shooting,, and wholesale transportation to the Philippines, and coal finement in dungeons, of which examnples w ere so frequently given previously to the revolution of 185A,; and whEich leave such rancorous and vindictive feeling behind them. mentioned a fevr days ago . a report which had. reached me, that an influential General, a frierid of O'Donnell's, and a conspicuous actor in the 'late contest at Maadrid, had written to Senor Olozaga,urging him not to insist upon resigning, but to await the course of events, which might prove. such as would induce hir to regret having, by such persistence, contitbuted to increasethe disagree-, ment between the present .Government and the party of which he is a leader. Information. .that I have since received convinces me of the correctness of this report, and also that other letters have been received in France, both from Ministerialist4 and from leading Progresistas, written in the same sense, and expressing a belief that the Governmeaf hoped to induce the present Spanish Ambassador at Paris to retain his post. Such a hope can only be founded on a resolution to adopt such measures, and such a general policy, as will secure the approval and support of Senor Olozaga's political friends. We have still but scanty details of the surrender of Saragossa, which appears to have been uncondi-. tional. According to the telegraphic despatches received to-day,General Dulce had changed the corporation and provincial deputation. A few superior officers have been removed from their commands. The insurgent troops, whose numbers are not stated,, but who are supposedtohaveamountedto5,OOOmen, |are to be distributed in different provinces, pending .further decisionrespectingthem. Judgingfromthe system of forbearance hitherto pursued, it is pro-- .bable that their offence wfill be overlooked. A journa' states that General Falcon had set out for S.rance, but we lhave no positive information concerning him, or any account of his arrival at the. frontier. There is nothing to invite comment in to-day's Paris journals. The heat, which has been intense all this week. is. greater than ever to-day, and, indeed, such as is rarely felt in Paris. The newspapers mention several accidents that have happened to labourers on houses and scaffoldings, who, oveji~powered' and rendered giddy by the sun's rays, have, faLen from their elevation and been seriously injured. The steam corvette Roland, with Marshal Pelissier ~on board, axrived at Miarseilles on the 1st instant. 'The moment the corvette entered the port all the merchant vessels decked themselves With colours,, 'the ships of. 'war mamned their 'boats, and the. 'Caradoc, of the,British Royal Navy, hoisted the 'Frenclh flag on the top of her mainmast, and.deputed an offlcer to congratulate the Marshal. .The, Koland having arrived long before she was expetted,Marshal Pelissier waited two hours and a half on iboard to give the authorities time to complete their preparations for his reception. In the mean time, officers continualy presented tthemselves on 'boardt.he corsette to compliment the General-inChief of the Ar7y of the East in the name of jGeneralRostolan and of the otheriflitaryauthorities, .and to take the orders of the Marshal. A detachment of Chasseurs of Vinsennes performed onboard a service of honour, and the band of the 94th Regiment, which accomp2aied the Marshal from Conlstantinople, played symphonies. At 2 o'clock .M.' HMoniorat, Mayor of Marseille4;. M. Levet, Sub'Prefect, acting as Prefect in the absence of M. Creveeceur; and General Carrondelet, Commnander of the department, and his Staff,iwent on board the Roland .to salute the Mlarshal. Shortly afterwards the Marshal, followed by General.Rognet, Aide-de-. Camp of the Eimperor, descended into the boat of the corvette and landed on the Quai- Napoleon, where the Mayor, the mrauiicipal body, and all. the authoritie3 had assembled' to reGenve him. The. Marshal then got into an open carriage, a-nd proceeded, amid a double lihe of troops and cries of, , ire l'B np eeur r' andc " Vise i{ Mfargcu&d P' to. the hotel of the Receiver-General, where he alighted. AUSTRIA. (F.Oi,w OUr. OWN dORSESPO2nDaXr.) VIENNA, JuLy 30. Yesterday afternoon the Emperor left Vienna, and in treevening the electric telegraph announced that His Majesty had passed Brunn, on his way to ,Toplitz, where he wll meet the King of Prussia-this; ievening, -the latter having ,left Marienbad for Carls- - .badand Teplitz at 10 o'lockyesterday:morning. 'As the Dowager Queen Marie of Saxony left the. last-mentioned 'watering-place yesterday morning' for Bodenbach and Dresden, it is hardly probable! that.the King of Sax6ny vill now meet sis brother' Sovereigns in BoEahemm The Emperor will againbe in Laxenburg before -the week is at an end? although he intends to inspoet. th fortres of: The- rezienstadt,'which is on' the road from Toptr tol Pragrue.: ; - : ., :Whenl Prnice Esterhazy left Vienna-for. Rul a-hs feared, that his reception.- would-nob~ bab very cor; dialonLe, but 'his friends i-$this -city state thithe has met with the very greatest attentioi fromr Pzs,nce Gortsebakoff anc the other high dignitaies in nRus sian Poland. On bin arrival at Warsaw the Kun-4 garnn ,ugfnate 'who belongs ibllhe Austro-Russian dllqu., was receiaed. by IPMii Gor2scl,akof ir lerson, .aind by him invited to take poss.ion of a suite of apartments in the Imperial Paie. We -have n.ot yet 'e.arnt how long -the A-utian Anibasisador-Ektraordinary intends to remain in the -Polish capital, bt he Will prolbably pass a few dajg {herse~ before-:e starts-Ior St.' Petersburg, 'as he' -* on 'the wrong.; side 'of 70, 'and 'is not a young man- of hiu age. .'.IJntilnowthe Jesuits have had no public- school under their direction in Austria, but they havo re. ceived permission from the Emperor to establish a private semicnary at Feldirch, in Vorarlberg. .The institution' would be a regular gymnrsilm, if the foll6wers of Ignatius LJoyolaw had the right -to examinie and. grant certificates to thc studtnts, but .t at.all-iimportesnt privilege thley have not yet been able to obtain. As the seminaries of the Jesuits, which ire somewhat expensive, are sure to be patronized by the hiiger classes, the tender mothers 'w1l naturally employ all their influence to obtain permission for the reverend fathers to grant to their sons those certificates on whichtheir future career must mainly denend. The matteris kept as quiet as possible, but it is pretty generally known that the object of the Jesuita is to .obtaiii.from the Emperor permission to examine students and to. g-ive them the so-called "t rfiflcate of. Maturity," without which no one can take a degree at an Austrian university. The publiEc gymnsia have long been in the hands of the Benedictines, -but they are under the direct superintendence of Government, and no students can mtd'ergo an examination unless a "Schulrath" (Yember of the Board of Education) is present. If the Jesuits aallowed to manage matters without the Board of Education they can safely calculate. on. havingevery noble dunce in the empire intrusted to their care. On the 27th of June His MIajesty decided that Catholic unions or brotherhoods might be formed in Austria " under clerical direction and under the superintendence of the bishops." The kustrian Catholic unions will be allowed, the bishops consenting, to .correspond with the foreign unions on ecclesiastical mn-tters. MIany people. think that it is exremely dangerous to give the Church such very extensive powers, but my own opinion on the subject you will permlit me to withhold. Information has just been sent me that the price of. wheat, re, barley, and oats has fallen very considerably in all parts of the empire. As the news is official it may safely be concluded that there has been a good average harvest ins AsStria. PRUSSIA. (FROM OUxR OWN COR?XsrONDE.) BEELIN, AUGUsT 2. The King and Queen passed through here yesterday evening on their return to Potsdam from the Bohemian baths. Rlaving dined and spent the greater part of the day at IMllnitz, the summer residence of the King and' Queen of Saxony, the King left Marienbad on Tuesday, after having apparently derived the greatest benefits from the waters there, and proceeded to Carlsbad; here the King of Greece drove out to meet' him, and entertained him subsequesitly at dinner: The Prussians staying at Carlsbad prepared a -ver, hearty reception for the King, in -which they appeal- to have been warmly seconded by the rest of the visitors; poems and garlands, concern,t illumintations, and'fireworks were the ouitard forms they chose in whic4i. to express their feelings. To increase the interest of the day, it was recollected, moreover, that that very day 30 years previously th' late King Friedrich Wilhelm MI. had visited Carlsbad, and in his honour a romantic spot on the Hanumerberg had received the name of Friedrich Wilhelnsh6he. Lord and Lady Granville, the Bah Jeflachich, Prince Schwarzenberg, Count Persigny5, and the Duchess of Sagan were among the visitors there last Wednesday. On the followitng miorning tne EingproceededtoTodrlits to fetch- the Quteen on their return home, and they were met there by the Emperor of Austria and the King and Queen of Sirony, who had come over from Pilinitz fDf 'that purpose. On ordinary occasions the visitors at Toplitz represent themselves pretty much as the company that lay' round the pool of Bethesda are descrbDediinHoly Scripture-martyrs to all the ills thatfileshis heir to; but on this present occasion. of so many crowned heads being among thlem, all the crutches and flannels seem to have been throw.na-aside, aind'fireworks'and flags, garlands, bonfires, and torch processions seem. to have been the order of the day and of the evening too. The extent of amiability'ekLibited by. the Emperor of Austria on this occasion of having, to play the host tosomany Royal Cousin.s in' his 5wn dominions, may be judged bythe fict:of his havin--changed his uniform backwards ind forwiads' fr 'om Austrian to Prussian., and from' Prkxsian fto Austrian, at least five times that blessed day. The. Princess Margarethe of Saxony,' 'the bride elet of the Archduke Ludvig,> accompanied the King and Queen of -Saxoni .to Toplitz, . so that the Emperor liad an -opportunity of nmaking the acquaintance of his future relato-n. The following day, Friday, the Ring and' Queen left Toplitz, acl, as above-mentioned, after dining at Pillntz, on the banks of the Elbe, returfied safe and sound to their own Palace of Sans Souci the same evening. The Empress 6f iRussia has managed her return hither yery cleveily so as to avoid the excessive heat untder which we are now suffering here; she left Hale at 3 o'clock this moriiing, and arrived at Potsdam'before S oclock. Prince Charles returned with her at the same 'time. The stay of the Empress oii this occision is spoken of as not likely to exceed' three days;' after which she will return to St. Petersburg by land. ' Should tlhis be realized the report 'That .spciks oP the coronation at IMoscow beIng postponed 'for 'a Veek wfill probably prove false. lt was doubtless ' based on the very probable contingency of the Empress MIother not returning to St. Petersburg punctually. IThe Prince and: Princess of Prussia, with their daughter the Princess Louise, arrived duly at Ostend, wvhere thePrince intends to spend two or three weeks for'the 'b'enefit of sea-bathing. He is expected to return to his seat, Babertsberg, in Potsdam, 'about the l9th in'st., ad to devote himself thlere to's series of field-days which the garrison of Potsdam and the Guard will hold a'e die ivi diem. The Pri"icess and 'her 'dai6ghter proceeaed at once from Ostend to Biussels, w%here -they received the visit of the King of the Belgians and:themembers of thel.Ryal f4infly of Belgium, just then ontheirreturn fron the 'festivities at Bruges; and from Brussels they proceeded'the samiei day' Aix-la-Chspelle where the youiri Pri-ncess will complete the supplementary course of 'waters. "a the 'course .of this week the Prince Regent of Baden will proceed to Aix-la-Chapelle, tio wait on the two Princesses on their return from London. L6rd and Lady Granville arrived here 'yesterday afternoon from Dresden, and have prosecuted their journey this :morning r.id Hamburg to Kiel, where they'w.il ~emark onbo6ard the St. Jean d'Acre, 101, screrliuiede, whidlj::is: expected to be already lying in the harbour,with-their-verybrilliant party and suite on 'boareI.'*L6rd:Granville is. understoo0d to havederived 'great' benefits from the.Carisbad waters, but 'he is ldoking very-'far from' healthy mandstrong. Of. 15. 'de Morny- I have' alniay mentioned that h-curtailedhis visit here' in the early part of the week, and- proceeded. to' St. 'Peter3burg by land, after a"Very brief 'stay here. Count Chreptowitsch left -for Loiidoni on 'Thursday evening, and M. Butenieff, the?ne'wly-appointedRenresentative of Russia. at the Subline Porte, who arrived at the samie'tine'with Count' Chreptowitsch, has left this a'so; for6Dresden,'on his way to his rostin the East. The zBishop -oi Jerualem :has arilved here fiom Alexandria, and will proceed to England in a day or tuso. 'Myletter, d?ouhbtless, reads very much lik-eare-' port of rail.say traflic or an itinerary of distin- uiled travelleri, but if to it is chal-cteristic of the sthisi of thiigs here just nbwv w.here everybody and Qverytnngare in.motion except-olitim' and they ate at a staidstill. o rnd Mr. E[Certset has received his mzqutaber from; this'l G ernilennt,i "haviig been recently appointed Cniftl.t E igsberg, in the place :of our former nVice-Qnslthere,"HIerr Br6caann; who has sinco they'died. T'- t ii.verystisactry to be able -to say that aUl au horities r e unanimous im. admitthig this conhullap'apoiistii-nto aveben4wl filled up.
--I PESIDENTIAL 'OK/TBST. (mrox oz- ow COpaOhiDZ.) - NEW)F YOR]X, JULY 23. v Fremont stock ri using, aid a gentleman to me to-day in speaking of a late visit to the West. I cannot express my, own views of the prent s of the Presidential contest better tbau in this brief *phrase. The nomination of Mr. Buchanan fell dead upon the country, exciting little enthusiasm beyond the%circle- of his immediate friends, and adding no external strengthto a party which at that moment un;questionablgcontrolleda decidedmajority inthe electoral ;colege. Mr. Fillmore's return added someing to the enthusiuasm of the Know-nothing party, and the recent action of the old Whigs in the States of Virginia and Maryland has strengthenedl the chances and exhilarated the hopes of that once formidable organization. Instead, however, of counting upon placing their candidate in the Presidentiail chair by the popular vote, as they once hoped to do, their only hope now is .that, by securing the votes of enough Southern States, theymay-divide the vote intheelectoralcollege,so that no candidate shall get a majority there, and thus throw the election into the House. For the Republican nominee, on the other hand, there is a groving enthusiasm. In the W-est, espeeially, I am assurel that there is a fervour rivalling that which carried General Harrison to Washington in 1840 by the most overwhelming popular vote since the election of Washington. IntheStateofIndiana,which my information has hitherto led me to regard as probably sure for Buchanan, there has been a recent demonstration which indicates a popular excitement beyond parallel. There ia scarcely any part of that State which has not sent more or less persons to Kansas. Driven back at the point of the bnyonet or the butt of the rife, these persons have carried the story of their wrongs into every settlement; and at a mass convention of the friends of Fremont at Indianapolis .50,000 or 60,000 persons assembled, full of the enthusiasm which carries poDular elections in that seetion of the country. 1 am told that the same feeling pervades all the agricultural States of the North-West, and makes their votereasonably sure for the Republicans. New England is looked upon as equally sure; though I am told that the 1 State of Connecticutwill perhapsthrowa sufiiciently large Know-nothing vote to render the result doubtfuL If the North-west and New England vote in a solid body for Fremont, the middle States of New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania, will decide who shall be the next President. New York I have regarded as likely to vote for Fremont. His friends count upon it as certain by a large maiority, and I cannot see why, maLing all allowances for sang,uine hopes, their calculations are not well founded. New Jersey I regard as doubtful; but I cannot see that parties have taken ground so decidedly in Pennsylvania as to insure it to anyone but Buchanan. I believe, from all I can learn, that there is a growing enthusiasm there for Fremont, but I do not think that it has yet reached a point to place that State in danger of loss by the democracy. There are yet three months to work, every day of which the Republicans may hope to gain. There is one important feature connected wvith this election which has not been commented on-the union of the !Tribuzne and the Herald of this city in advocating the electmon of Mr. Fremont. The influence of these journals is equalled only by that of The Times. Jointly they sneak to over 300,000 subscribers, and probably to E more than triple that number of readers, whose political views they consciously or unconsciously direct. On questions of foreign politics, especially of the foreign politics of this country, Tlhe Times is perhaps more potent than either of these journalsfor your articles are copied at length by every steamer as faithfully as by Galignani, and spread broad cast through the land. But on all internal questions the views of these twvo journals are all powferful among the classes in whEich they respectively circulate; and when they unite, as nowr for the first time, the effect of the junction can hardly be over-estimated. -Apropos of the influence of the press in this election, the Rerald has the following We find, then, from a careful examination of our exchanges, and from an application to them of the official returns of the census of the newspaper circulations of 1550, that at this time the three parties for the Presidency are represented as follows :-r Newvspapers .. Circuiatioa. For Premont S... ... 18 474,96S For Buchanan ... ... 172 294,763 ForFillmore 8... ... S 95,391 "Of these aggregates, it will be seen that Mr. Bnchanan has 104 papers in the north and 68 in the south-that of tho whole nunber,ll0are oldDemocrmti- journals, thateighthave been Whig and one Independent. It further appears that Colonel Fremont has 162 journals in the north and only six 1i in the south-tbat of the whole number, 82 have heretofore l! been big, IS Democratic, 15 Know-nothing, and 17 Independent. As for Mr. Fillmore, he is weak in both sections; yet, in the sotth, in tho way of newspapers, we see that he has two-thirds of the number supporting Mr. Buchanan, and that his whole list consists of 45 old Whig vapers (nearlyall sonth),two papers heretoforeDemocratic,lO0nownothing, and one Independent. " While the Whigs of the South are organizing for the support of Mr. Fillmore, the Northern Whigs are tas;inouroundforpremont. agMhgetn a ;held in Bos ton last wteek, Aatrvi highmte epuEag a nomination was endorsed. Some of the Southern Democrats have it in view, if there is no election by the people, to throw overboard Mfr. Buchanan, and have Mr. Breckenridge, theDemocratic nominee for the Vice-Presidency, made President. Tho constitution provides that,- "Art. 12., Sect. 1.-The ele-tors shaU meet il their irespective States, and vote by ballot for President and Vice-President, one of whom, at least, shaUl not be an inhabitant of the same State with themselves; they shall name in their baUots the person voted for as President, and in distinct ballots tne person voted for as Vice-President; and they shall make distinct lists of all persons voted for as President, and of all persons voted for as Vice-President, and of the number of votes for each, which lists they shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to the Governsient of the United States, directed to the President of the Senate; the President of the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate and House of Representatives, open aU the certificates, and. the votes shal then be counted; the person ha ine the igreatest number of votes for P.esident shall betheo rendent, if such number be a majority of the whole number |f the electors appointed; and if no person have such a mtaiority, then from the persons having the highest mnmber. n ot exceeding three on the list of those voted for as Presiident, the aouss of Representatives shall choose immediately by ballot the President. Bnt in choosing the 'President the votes shall be taken by States, the representa- tion from each State having one v ote; a quorum for this purpose shall consist of a member or moubers from twothirds of the States, and a majority of all the States shall be necessary to a choice; and if the House of Representatives shall not choose a President whenever the right of choice shall devolve upon them, before the 4th day of March next following, then the Vice-President shall act as President, as in case of the death or other constitutionAl disability of the Presldent." The scheme is that there shall be no election of President by the House, and that Mr. Breckenridge, beincg elected Vice-President by the Senate, shal !become de facto President on the 4tk of Mfarch, ~1957_ In ConDress there has not been much of public ,interest since my last. The Senate have passed the ,bill for fortifications, reducing the amount from ` 3,000,000 (the war estimate) to $1,800,000, and' hav voted to adjourn on the 18th of August. The Househave had the naturalization laws under discussion, and have been debating the Senate's resoluti6n bf adjournment, finally agreeingto it. Parties have been maiily interested at Washing,ton with the projected duel between 2r. Burlingame and Mr. Brooks, the hero of the Sumner assault. ike mnost 1 Washington duels, it has flashed in the pan. Mr. Burling,me proposed to fight with riles in Eert M3ajesty's dominions, but Mr. 13rooks thought it v;as nOt wrorth whZile to go so far to be shot at5 andI 'intiiaatesiihat a duel in Canada is qraite a diirent affair to a duel in the States. The miinority report on the Kanzas elections is printed atlength in the Unsion, of the 19th. The eonclusions are - I"I.--That at tbe- irst election held in the ereitey under the orgaic act for delegate to Congress, General Jo^n W. Wlitfield recevid aplurality of the legal vea e caat, and. waa duly elected snuc. delegate, as stated in th*majority report.. '-"2 That the krritorial Legiature was a. legaly-DonstitWited body, and bad power to pase v'lid lws, and their enactment6 are therefore vlid. 3; That thies laws, when appealea to, base been usd for the proteetiozi of life, liberty, and p r, and for the 3ntidUne of laiw ancd order in the ,Arm--Y. ,;!'4;v ~TbMthe elicti6osuder -whic the-sit del Johlm.W.Whtideldr washeld. -was iunsaa~e of vai&1 and shonii be regarded as avalid. rlct4on. -~ .fsatas aid Whitfield, i. said election, received lage ibe±oileg-- op withlett opposition, he-rn du}y eleedaa'a delegateto t.ishoF, andisentitled tease2sici e a 6Tl'at theelaetkcnuner w;hich thee Lestingf dde. k,, Andrezrh.lme Hler, elsiwab seat, unhb:a,b±nder any law, but in contemptuous disregard of all law; and that it should oy be r¶ded as the expression of a band of lontents and nreo etioaigst, and :cgnaequesty should be wholly disregarded ,by the Eou,e.: " . As to whetbieror nlot Andrew E. Beeder received a gester number of votes of resident citizens Lnthe 9thtlhx . W. itfild did on the It of Oztober, 1855, no testimolnoywa takenbyhe commxittee, so far as the ndersgz3ed kinows, or is it material to the issue." - Genleral Smith h.sasnumed the eommand of , the l,hnted States' trxops in.the territory, and in reply toa request fromi the Free- stte men for protection age ait the armed MIissoulians replied that he hla no authority to do so; that those bands were the regularly enrolledmilitia of the territory; that everything they do is done under colour of law, and that the IFree-state men have nlo redres ex:cept by resort to the civil powers.. The Senate have passd a rss6lution asking the President for themstructiorits the United States' troops in Kans. The Government deny that President Comonforl has been offered 6,000,000 for a new slice of mexican territory. Notwithstandinc' this denial, it is believed by well-informed people in Washington, that the new Msinister at Mexico has been authorized to negotiate for a further cession with reference ts the proposed Pacific Railroad. All the iron needed for that road (if made on the Southern route), imported from the Pacific side, would at present have to pay duties in Mlexican ports. I have no doubt that the Cabinet are negotiating to do away witi this necessity. The various reports on this road will be subzmitte4 to Congress this week. One will go againt -any Government aid to the project; a second in favour of a single road, to be constructed by the aid af cash advances from the Government, these advances to be reimbursed by the sae of lands to be set aside for that purpose; the third, sined 'by all the comnuttee except the two making the above report; recommnending three roads, and gigantic grants of land for their construction that would throw the Blinois Central grant far into the shade. We hardly know at Washington -who is President at Nicaragua. No reliable account shows Walker as possessed of more than 600 fighting men; he is also reduced in funds, and can hopefor nothing from this country. A foray into Costn Rica is raade impracticable by the rainy season, conse quently at present Rivas is supposed to be upper. most. In this city we are as yet free from the yellow fever, although vessels continue to arrive at quarantine with it on board. There is so much of it in the bay below that I fear we cannot avoid it here. We have had cool weather for a few davs past, but the fire is returning. We have at last succeeded a convicting a Portuguese slaver of being concerned in the slave trade, and have sentenced him to 10 years' imprisonment. These fellows have almost invariably uceeded in escaping their deserts. The late arrivals from Cuba speak of the landing of a large cargo of coolies on the island to work on the plantations in the place of Africans.
THE CorWBLLS AID THE " QUARTERLY REYIEEW." TO THE EDITOR OF THE TTIMS. Sir,-It may not be undesirable to dispel a few of the singular misapprehensions contained in the new number of the Quartca'y Review in reference to the extraction of the family of the Protector. The author of the disquisition ia question appears at once to have discovered startling novelties, which axe, in fact, well known truths; to have vemed his mind with theories where evidence is already clear; and to found the most dogmatical assertions on the most vague hypotheses. First, then, he tell us in the same breath that Oliver Cromwell and John Etampden were closely related, and that "the factisnowestablishedbeyond question that the Protector and Charles L were distant cousins." The exextremeimprobability of the latter proposition forms a strange counterpart to the extreme notoriety of the former in this double assertion. The theory of the regal descent of Oliver originates in the marriage of his father, Robert, with a Mrs. Lynne, whose maiden name was Steward or Stewart. The attempts both of Toble (in his Mfemoirs of the House of CromsweM) and of some other writers to identify these Stewards with the family of Stuart Rings are not marked by a single incident of probability in the whIole chain of the genealogy. it is admitted by these authors that the Stewards had diverged from the Royal stock for more than two centuries before they intermarried with the Cromwells. During that period they are found in different counties in the eastern and midland districts of England without possessing any determinate abodce Their original settlement in this country is explained away on the very suspicious hypothesis of a ship. wrecL- If we then pass to the internal evidence ot the pedigree itself, we find the 'whole chain of continuity lo;.t ii a cloud of anachronisms. If, again, we advert tc the achievements which are recordedof the individuals of vn,;i. thismythicalgenealogyis made up, wefindthatSir Alex. ander Steward won his renown by hilling a lion with a stick 5 The compiler of the pedigree, being a herald, probably assigned to its members such achievements as were sug. gested by the associations of his own profession-much as Ctesias, the physician of Artaxerxes Nfemon, bestowed the names of Eastern drugs on his fabulous dynasty of Assyrian kings. Such is the pedigres on which the Royal descent of the Protector is held by the Quarterly Bciew to be "established beyond question." A,gain, the reviewer ventures to deny that the Cromwells (or Wiliams) ofHinchinbrook, of 'wbom came the firsi Protector, were in any 'way related to Thomas Cromwell, Earl of Essex. The only evidence, h owever, on which he bases this assumption neutralizes itsalL On the one hand, he tells us that the Protector is said,to have denied this relationship to Bishop Goodman; on the other, Sir R. Cromwell writes to Essex subscribing himself "your most bounden nephew." The latter incident is explained aNay by the reviewer, on thesuppositionthat Essexwished to be accounted the relation of one of such ancient lineage as Sir Richard. Now, independently of the fact that such a suggestiorL betrays a strange misconception of the character of Thomas Cromwell, Ishouldbe perfectly content to rest its repudi;a. tion on the monstrous absurdity of a compact between Sir Richard and the great 31liister, in virtue of which each had undertaken to negotiate a lie, such as the existing generation would readily detect, forj so paltry and despicable an object. The reviewer next proceeda to assign the conjunction of the names "'Williams" and "Cromwell." in the Protector's family to the marriage of a Sir W. Williams with the daoghter of a Cromwell in the reign of Henmy EVI 2Sow, it happens that this assumption is decisively contradicted by an authoritative pedigree drawn up by Sir Henry Cromwell, 'who died in 1602. It thence appears that the nanme of Williams, as a consequence of the Welsh ex'taction of the family, does not ascend beyond Morgan Wiliams, the father of Sir Richard Williams, alias CromwelL The father of Morgan is there stated to be "William ap Yevan, who served Henry VIL ;" and Morgan, as being "the son of William," then took the Anglicized name of "Wll'iams." Nlot only, therefore, do the names of "'Williams" a] a "Cromwell" in this family date long subsequent to the reign of Henry Vl, but the anterior pedigree, extending far into the miiddle ages, contins nothing but inedizevalE Welsh. - It being conceded on all hands that Sir Richard _eceived the nunnery of Hinchbibrool during the Ministry of Essex,, and that he had been no favouite of the Crown, on what other hypothesis than that of relationship are w to ascribe the munificenoe of the Minister towards this family 9 The pedigree draw a up by Sir Henry, moreover, affirms the iiageofborganWilhia~ with the sister of E;ssex. To what other solution of the question thin that afforded by thispedigree can we recur under the coincidence of the fiLrstconjunction of the names "Williams' and `Cromwell" 'with tbis assertea marriage of :Morgan, and with this undoubted grant of lands on the part of a Cromwell to the~ last generation that bore the name of "Williams 1" I have the honour to he, Sir, . Your obedient htumible sev7f- A DESCENDANT OF THE CmOMWELOs OF RCEMNBROO]M. Oxford and Cambridge Club, Aug. 4. r.S.-Since the foregoing vas 'writtea Ih3ve referred to Mr. Carlyle's worlz on the Protector, arnd £nd the genera spiritof these observations borne out by the -viewseof tii; auteho. He ditapee o£ fi.hop Goodman adis testhnony as s'a miserable, impoversed old pieze of coiusion." JoT D FROS, TIZ CHART. I-Mr. ~Tohn Fm* is about to become a plitical lecturer. This released eril says :The plan r ich I mentopuenthi- I1U to become a lecturer. I want -to my c oun 3inattes of grest importance. As my prvate forte is to smn&l to enable mne to trvel overXaghad, I sadp the plus of Koesuth uad other friends of odrm crgfo duOittance to WylecZe I e better A rij this -mode thsn any otier; it is that zbrt of mde ni life-which one aan approve 9f-I h"ae §oetingtO II; I cannot afford to give tho who li!ce * ay buy, aod :tbcr who -do not like may ie6p their 3nouesi. Beade, I thiz that poltea lctrsr ma be of gret -nise to onr o3ungr~ d our e .There we lenty . of hplaeea in tour xw 'where- the darknes. of Egypt prmils = a~ to ei4itS sifewsis This pla haS. become vert general in Am&eic. - tbs ~e ult w in, exery pnt of view, tae -highl betel
PAILWAY INTSLLIGCECE. _ COCXERMOUTE AND WORREITOIT. 'Xhe half-yearly meeting of this cormpany was held on Thursday ab Cockermouth, 3r. J. W. Fletcher in the chair. The report stated that the increase of the capital account by 2,7561. had arisen from the construction of furSher works and the purchase of additional rolling stock to meet the requirements of the traffic. The revenue account exhibits an increaseof 4871. overthe receipts of the correspondinghalfe. yearinl855,with averyslightaugmentation oftheworlingexpenses. The shipments of coal by the railway are increasing, and the directors feel confiden' that this traffic will, in a little time, realize the anticipations of the proprietors. The balance available for dividend was 1,2341. being equal to more than 3 per cent., and the directors recommended a dividend of 6s. 6d. per share, leaving 391. for the next account. The directors proposed their retirement from office, with a view to reconstitute the board and to reduce their number from 12 to eight directors. On the notion for the adoptionof the report a long discussion ensued, in the course of which the directors were pevailed upon to retain office, with the exception of Mr. J. W ood and nIr. Steel, who retired, and Mr. Thornburn and Mr. Kitchen were elected in their place. The report was adopted and the dividend therein recommended was declared, and the proceedings concluded with a vote of thanks to the chairman. CATERAIr. This railway, which forms a branch lie from the Old Godstone-road station of the Brighton Railway to Caterham, was formally opened yesterday for public traffic. A special train, conveying the directors and their friends, left the London-bridge staion at a-quarter past 12 o'clock, and arrived at bCterham about I o'clock. The new line is a s n le one, about 40 miles in length, and passes along the 'al ey of Caterham at a short distance from the common road, and terminates for the present at Caterham. On arriving at Caterham the tramn was loudly ctheered by a large number of parsons. The company then left the carriages and proceeded over a beautiful hiy eountryto stnxuarries which are situated shoutoeml adahl from the present terminus of the railway., It is intended to extend the line t the quarries by means of tramways. The quarries produce limestone, firestone, and building stone, which, it is 'expected, will tend considerably to increase the traffic on the line, particularly as these materials can be supplied in London at a verv moderate cost, Specimens of stonework were exhibited with a view to show the advantages of using the stones for ornamental building purposes. From the salubrity of the air and the undul.ng character of the country through which the line passes, it is thought that it will be much sought after for villa residences, and thus obtain a residential traffic. At present there are not many residences on the line. The London, Brighton, and South Coast, and the Souith-Eastern Railway Companies are to supply two trains each, or four each way, per day. They are also to grant season tickets to residents ons the line at a cheap rato for 10 years, with a view to encourage building on the railway. The line lias been constructed by the landowners and other parties in the district, with a view to benefit their property; tbho works are light, and the line is in excellent condition. The event was celebrated near Caterham by an excellent dinner, furnished by the proprietors of the London Tavern' and at which Mr. uler, t e chairman of the company, presided. Various loyal and other toasts were given and responded to, and the proceedings concluded in a satisfactory Mainner. MANCHESTER, SEFFIELD, AND) INCOLNlSHIRE The working expenses and other outgoings of this com. pany's railways (exclusive of the Manchester South Junetion and Altrincham statpd below) have amounted in the fvrtnight ending July 27, to 8,8831. 14s. Sd., while the corresponding period of 1855 amounted 9,4441. 16s. 7d. The total amount already stated for the first fortnight of the half year added to the amount of 8,M831. 14s. 3d., above stated, makes a total expended to July 27 of 17,4741. SE. lOd. as agains' 18,9271. os, 6d. for the corresponding twofortniggs of the previous year. e proportion of the South Junction, &c., receipts accr;ung to the company for the fortnight ending July 27, amounts to 8761. 11s. 2d., as against 8891. lOs. for the same period of 1855. The total amount, as previously stated, for the first fortiight of the half-year, added to the amount of 8761 115, 2d. above stated, makes a tot to July 27 of il,6Sl. 12s. 10d, as against 1,8001. 12s. Sd. for the same -Feriod of 185i. The proportion of the So0th Junction &c. working expenses amd other outgoings have ansopnted in the- fortnignt ending July 27 to 4001. 18a. Es. while the~ correspoadlng period of 18355 amo3unted to 3901. 9i. 2d.-Tho total amounn already stated for the hint fortsi8ght of the half-year, aidded to the amzount of 400l. l&., Bd., as above, mnakes a total esx,etded to July 27 of 7991. los. lldi as agains 74eb. S. Id, for the correspqsdiaig two fortnightscof
! VIOE-CHAYMBIMOR's COURT. AuGvsT 4. G,AY V PTwCO. (Before Vice-Chancelor Sir PK T. KT1nmDRqTmv1 This was a motion for an iDjunction to restrain the defeident, the well knowsn blind pipe player, from performing, in public or private, under these circumstances --The bill stated that the plaintiff being at Florence in 855 Iseard the defendant perform, and, dliscovering that he was under a, contract with Gaetano Bagurelli and Antonio Poletti to perform for them, they being jugglers, he considered it might be a lucrative speculation to take an assignment of the contract, which he ultirnately did, as a partner for three years with Gaetano Bagurelli, in consideration of 130l., and with Antonio Poletti .or si; yearsmore-in allnine years. Picco performedinLondon, as is well known, atthe Adelphi. Hanover-square-rooms, and St. James's Theatre; and the plaintiff having fitted up a house iu Hart-street, Bloomsbury square, for Picco's] accommodation, on the Uth of June last Picco absconded from such horse with Poletti and his wife, who attended on Picco; and the plaintiff having discovered that he was performing on his own accountthat is, independently of the plaintiff-this bill was filed to restrain him from so doing, and to restrain Poletti from interfering in Picco's sffairs. Mr. fDenney appeared for the plaintiff, Mr. Selwyn and MIr. G. 5L Giffard for the defendant. MIr. DENrzy was heard in reply. The VIcr-CsscsanoLLo asked whether a man who had -agreed to render his services to one person could be bound bja transfer of those services from that employer to another? He might if he were a horse or an ox. The question now before the Court was whether Pieco was to be restrained from performing. If it was to restrain Poletti from depriving Gay of the services of Picco it must be made' out that Gay was his plaster, which it was not. His Honour then referred to the contract between the, defendant with Bagurelli and Poletti, and said that, as far as Poletti was concerned, there could be no inunction against him, as it appeared that he had never been served. The original contract was with this poor b man, to povide for his calle and maintenance, and that his brother should accompany him, so necessaryto a person in his condition. His Honour then referred to the second agreement between Picco and Poletti, which he observed w-as not material, and then adverted to the assignment to the plaintiff. Upon looking at this instrument the contract was with the consent, not of Pieco, but of Polletti (Bagurelli going out of the concern), and Poletti obliging himself for the benefit of Gay and himself to obligo Pieco to perform, and follow him where-' ever he should think it expedient to go, and this. stipulation was made as to a human being, as if he were a horme in a mill or some animial, Poletti having a charge to take care of Picco ; and his Honour was asked specifically to enforce such a contract. It was not necessary to go into the details of Picco's treatment, although it appeared on the affidavits that he was not well treated, but the question was whether he could be restrained from performing, Picco's position was this :-His brother was absent, and he was sold by Poletti to a strangen. There was no contract between Gasy and Pice;- if it had been intended,, why was he not a party to that contract, and why was his consent not asked ? But he swore that he not only was no party, but had never been informed of it, and considered Gay as the treasurer of the concern only. Beyond all doubt as in the case of hadenjoiselle Wagner, if a party contracted to perform in a certain manner, and not to performin any other, this Court would enforce the negative contract. Bet here there was no contract, and if there was it could not be carried out by this Court, because Gay's contract -was with Poletti, and not with Picco. This injunction, therefore, must be refused with costs. As Poletti did not appear, there would be no costs as to him.
PREROGATIVE COURT. MON-AY. AMG. 4. HANDLEY V. RTACEV (Before Sir JomN DODSON1. 31r J_On2 DODSONe delivered iudgmnent in this case, the arguments in whsich were reported m TZhe Timras of the -29th uIt. The questio-n at issue, he said, was as to to the vaidity of the will of Mlr. Thoinas Eldridge, wvho died on the 25th of September-, 1854, a bachelor, without parents, leavi-ng behind him Charistiana Hlandley, his sister, and sole next of kin. Mis property, real and pearsonal armounted to 5,0001. The will, dated the 1.5th of Dece7n'ber, 1853, was inoflicious, and bequeathed his entire property to strangert. in blood. The case set up in plea in opposition t-o the will was t-hat the deceased from. his youth was of weak mina, which, combined with his intemperate habits, rendered him wholly incapable of transacting matters of business.' It hadl, however, been admitted in the course of the argu&~ ment that hso wa3 not absolutely imbecile, and not altogether intestable, hut it had be-m contended that he had not ea-, pacit-y proportionatec to the act done. On the other side it had been maintained that the strange conduct of which he had been gauity was to be imputed, solely to his hiabits of intoxication ; and that when s_ober he was not only of sound mind, but transacted matters of business rationally andsenibl; tat attrl hehadbecme tetoanle was inastate of mind to give it validity Heteeoepronounce for the will,bhut made no ordera ocss -NoRTOy2 AND] OTHRaSs V. BAZ=sa. This was a business of proving in solemn form of law the last will and testament of Mrs. William Norton, late of Down-lodge, Epsom, dated at the commencement the Ist of July, 185, and at the conclusion the 14th of that month but rithout any clause of attestation. The will. was drawn up by the deceased bimseli; and was executed at his offce in Moorgate-street. It appeared that he sat, in an inner room, and that he called twno of hlis clerkis from the outer roomi to witness his signaturc. There was a door between the two rooms, which was almost always -wide open. Having subscribed his na-me to it, he gave them the last sheet 'to takce into the outer -room to Pad their names as witnesses. The qluestion before the Court was whether there was such a constructive presence as to entitle the will to probate uinder the 09ti section of the Wills Act. It was admitted that when the deceased sat at his desk he coiuld not see the clerk-s attest it, hut on one of them returning with the last sheet aft-er they had signed it hewas standing. From theospot, however, on which he stood it was equally impossible for him to asee them. The QuEmx's AnDvocAras aud Dr. Twiss were heard in suapport of the will, Dr. Jas-ss17Est and Dr. DEAtIqE against it. T 'he lea-rned JwnDGs, after examininag the easFes of "1 Newton and Thomas v. Clarke"l (2, Cut, 320), "Casson v. Dade (1 Bra Oh Cas, 9), "udsnv.Parker" (1, lRobertson,14) "Tibev. Tibe (1 Roerton, 775), and "IE: pere Clemn" 3, urt, 18),cam tthe conclusion that ther wa no a cnstuctve pesece.He therefore pro. nouned gaist he wll,butdeceedthe costs of all par-
MIDDZESEX. SESUONS, 2fon$ay, Aug. 4. The Aagast general sessions commenced thie morning at Clerenwell before Mr. Pasbley, Q.C., Assistaut-rudge. and a behch of magistrates. The cilendar contained the slames of 75 prisoners for trial-69 charged with felony, and 6 with miUderneanour. In his~ charge to the grsnd jury t'he AssrsTA-;T-Xu-nGr. eiplaind to them the proviions of tbe, recent act, *hich: authotizes the foremen of gri& jFnies in England and iWaks b6adnanisterthbe oatht to witnesseg in the grand jurs !roonm`,te aoid the ineonvenience and delay asisg fron svrang the3 3inotno courzt aud va tMm the uewsx instructions for eining the witnesses i-. t*ElA- -c _ iMI would come before them acco±ding to the neiv arangement. Bernard Murphy, 51, clerk, was indisted for feloniously embezzling the severdl stuns qf 71. lOs..'112. 5s., and 51. 5s. received by hin on adcount.of ticbfil Pratt, hia macaer He was further aharged with ermbezzling an order -for 82. 6s. Sd., and also an order for ihe payment of 71. 7f. -He mleaded "1Guillty" Lr H ewisappearad fcrthe noection The prisoner clerk to tractors, of Albert-wharf, Islington, ind mithat-pacit he received moSey on their accounh which he appropriated fo When asked what he had to ugetheoprisonei said,-The first of these misfortones, miy Iord, was a check of nearly 831., which was abstracted from me by a person whom I presumedtobe afriend, but I afterwsrds got 3-01.of the amount from him, which I duly paid over. The ST T.\T-Ju:oGE-Why did you' not prosecfte him, then-a man who would abstract a c'neck for 831. and then return you 501. of the aiuount 9 - - Pxisoner.-I coil not proeecute him,' for he absconded, your Lordship. Wel, in themadne'ss of desperation I took to the dice, in the hope of redeeming the loss; but I was uniformly unsuccessful iu everything I did with the niew of aclieving.tbat object. look, too, at the extremely low wages.Ihad-17. 5s. a-week! I had out of that a sick wife' and'ahild to support and a house to keep, and. i received large sums of money at various.times which were faithfully' accounted for,-suoh sums as 2101., 19DI., and so on. It was only in litte mnatters that I did wrong and these I hoped to redeem. I had not the idea of absolutely stealing these sttms, and for the sae of my poor wife and child I hope out Will deal mercifully with me. I have lived meanly and poor, I have been poorand moan in my attire, I am in very bad health myself, and anything 'lke a heavy sentence wilU be the death of me. In answer tothe CouRT the prosecutor said the prisoner was a man of good education. Mr. Lmwis said it was right the Court shouldainow that the prisoner himself change the check whiah he now said had been abstracted from him. The ASSISTxi-JsuGE said the prisoner was a man of superior education as compared with the majority of per. seas who came to&that bar- by means of that and his character he obtained a situation of trust, he then robeled his employers, and he now admitted that he had done so to indulge in gambling at dice. Under all the circumstances he should sentence the prisoner to 12 months' hard labour, and he oped it would be a warning to him. Prisoner.-Ay, indeed it vill, too. -William Lewis, 23, described as an architect, was indicted for stealing six watches, theproperty of James AlliSon, in his dwelling-house. The prisoner pleaded " Guilty," and he had been previouscly convicted. The Asbgsa rst-JnuDg2 sentenced him to four years' penal servitude. The COURT passed. judgment on Ifr. J. Doggett, the landlord of the Argyle Hotel, in Liverpool-street, King'scross, who was found gmilty on the 20th of June of an assault on Ur. H. J. Jennings, a so-licitor's clerk, the juryr finding, at the same time, that the assault was committed ander aggravating circumstances. There was a cross inw dictment against Jennings, lsn which DeoTgett. was the-nrosecuter, and also a further indictment agaiset Dogget tor an assault upon MIr. Worthington, an architect, arising out of the same cir-cumstances as that of MIr. Jennings. The .issault charged in the cross-indictment against Jennings was that he spat in Doggett's face before he (Doggett) committed the assault of which hc was fond guilty. These cases have beert several times uostpened, and a farther adjournment was contemplated Ic-day, but after some discussion between the connsel engaged-vi., Mr Ribton, on the pa.rt of Doggett, and Mr. Sleigh for Jennin and Worthington. it was acranged that, as the facts of th whole matter had been ivestigated on one charg, and 'were fully before the Court, no evidence should be offered on either of the other indictments, and that it should be left entirely in the hands of the learned Judge. Verdict3 of Not Guilty were accordingly taken on the two untried indictments. Mr. RIDTOXy baving examnined the indictmnent on which tbe defendant. Dogget5 was convicted, remarked that the whole of the verdict was not recorded. The jury found as part of the verdict that the assault was committed under aggravating circumstances, and th2t did not appear on the record.. It was denied that the jury added that observation to their verdict. * The lsks%.svAs-JuDmGE said lhe recollectedl that the jury nseda phrase to that effect; but it was an expression of opinior in the sense of a recommendation to the Vourt, and was not therefore recorded as part of the verdict, which vwas iiply{I Guilty,?" but he well remembered what the jury said? Mr. ¢4'a'rnogscx (wbo was with Mr. Bibton) said the jury did use the words which bad been menlioned. Mr. SLEiGr urged that his clients had bean put to considerable costs in the matter. Mr. RBT,STO, said so had lzr. Doggett. The AsSisTANT-JUDG4, in passsn sentente on Dogett, said it appeared that Jennings and Vorthinion had been frequenters of the Argyle Tavern, ane something had occurred which provoked so much irritatior and:llfeeling that Doggett so far forgot bimseLif as to take the lawinto his own hands and to forcibly eject them from his hous, using at, the same time the violence complained of by Jesnings, the defence being that Jennings previously spat in his face. lNow, if he had any just cause to remo¼ve them, the assistance of the police could havebeenreadily procured, to which he should have had recourse, instead of tk'eing upon himself to use violence. In taking the course he had fo-day Mr. Doggett had acted with great. propriety and prudence ; indeed, it was far the best for al parties. As regarded Mr. Doggetb there was not the slightest imputation of any -ind upon im, except that in amomentof irritation selost his temper and then stepped over the limits of the law, for.he had no right to lay hands on any one himself; nor was there the slightest doubt that his house was a most respectable one, and most respectably conducted. The course that had been adopted with respect to the cross-indictment was much the best, for had it gone on the parties at the end would each have been "'wiser, but sadder men." Looking at the whole of the circumstances, and regarding Mr. Doggett as aman of respectable position, the proprietor of a large hoetel, and a man of substance, he thought the justice of the case would be met by his sentencinjg bitm to piay to the Queen a fihe of 201. One of the jurymen in the box addressing the AssistantJadge, raid, hepknewse r. Voggettand his housewell, and he thought it due to himn to say that, in his onzinion, there was not the least ground for impiutatiouj either upon hiin personally or with respect to the way in which he conducted his house. The AsilsTsr.r-JuroGn said hewas of the sameopiiaon, and bad expressed it to the same effect, but Mfr. DRoggett lost his temper on the occasion in question, and then did that which the law did not justify him in doino. Mr. CizAsy presided in the Second C6urt, nd disposed of a number of cases of larcenv.
SUMMER AI - OXFORD CICUIT. - t. G t)CES &AUGUGs. 4.- Tle commaon for tne oornty of tiloceeter Was -openea on Saturday last With the usual formalities. Yr. n kldeison- and 3Lr. Justice Wightmnan yegterdsy attended divine'serviceattheCathedral. Thebusineas oftbe assises began this morning in both courts soon after 10 o?clock, lar. Bar6n Alderson presiding in the civil coirt ind Mr. Justi-ce Wigbtman in the criminal court. The cause list contain an enty of 15 cas including one for the city), four of which are nmarked for speciar Juries The calendar for the county contains a listof 32 risoners. two of whom are charred with wilful murder. The calendar for Bristol contains a list of four prisoners; and that for the City of Glocester one prisoner. The offences charged int the several calendars are for the most part of a -very iht character, nearly half of them being simple larceny. ErVEm CovnT.-(BCfe-e Mfr. Bairon iALSirsox am! a arly the whole of the day was occhpied by the trial of an action for the price of some hops. - - CRDsXALCouLmT.-(BefrC Mr. .Twstitc WIGUT.NIN) W iam James, sged 46, a farmer, was charged with. forging a receipt for ol. Ms., with intent to defraud - and also with ntteing the same, with the like iatent, at Cheltenham, on the I8th of June. Afr. W. H. Cooke appeared for the prosecution *cr. Serjeant Thomas defended the prisoner. It.ippeared that theprisoner, who wasnfarner, had becomesuretyforaperson whohad obtainedaloan of about 101. from the Cheltenham and Glocestershire Loan ociety. Some payments, with interest., had been made, bat in the month of February last a balance of Sk 1s.a. Iwas renain'iDg due. The matter was then put into the hands of a Chelterhua solicitor, namedTown, and,aplaint being madein the County Court fof the recovery of the 'amount, the prisoner was summoned to appear on the 25th of 'February. In the meantime-viz., en the 15th of February, he called on7 Town, and paid hine the balance demanded, together with the costas, making in all 5t lls. At the saue tune Town gave the prisoner a receipt for the 5o. 11s. on account of the debt and costs, but demanded an additional sum of 1-5.' in respect of Ids "attendance." By the rules of practice bf the County Courts it appears thatif fhe debt and costs eiiw dorsed on the summonses are pied "1 five clear days" before the hearing, the attorney is not entitled to his fee of 15s. "for attendance," but in the present o'se the prisonerhad delayed payment a few hours beyondthe 14th- andso had become, in strictness of lar, liable to pay the attorney USs. for attendance, though it was never to talks place. Town therefore isisted on his right, and eventuallv suedthe prisoner in the County Court, and recoveredjudgmen'f for the 15s. On that occasion the prisoner produced the receipt -which he bad received fromTown, on " account of debt and costs," but. it appeared in the mean time tohave been altered by theerasure of theword -" on," 'and the change of the word {'account" into "nount." The prisoner swore that he had not altered the receipt, but that it had been locked up in his drawer all thetneand:wasinthe came state asit w as when ho received it. The document was impounded, and the p resent charge was aide bgTown against the prisoner os forging .the receidt. It appeared. that when the parties were im the CJount 'ourt on the 18th of June last, on the ocasion when theareeiptwaslpredaee, the prisoner did not disputetbeaccount givendby the prosecutor of the conversation which took place when the receipt. was given. 2,fr. Seijeaut Tnoms addressed the juryfor the prisoner, and contended there was no uretence for saying that he had altered the receipt, and still less that he had bad any fraudulent int,ention. On the other hand, the learned aerjeant complained that the prisoner had been vexed 'with the present charge, after having paid the loan society everything that was due from the party for whorm he -ad become surety, and, in addition, the 15s. to whicha the attorney, hy the rule of practice, was entitled. Mr. Justice WIOnrc, in sumnming up the evidence, observed that, according to the statement of the ateorney, thou"h nothing was done, he waS entitled to 15s., by what he caled "the efliuxion of timne." His Lordship then went carefully through the evidence, and observed that if the prisoner had any intention to defraud, the attempt mnust of necessity ho nugatory, as the receipt as altered coi2d have no effect on the Judge. His Lordship left it. to the jury to say w,hether they thought ihere had been any fraudulenlt intent. The Jury found the prisoner Not Guiltiy, and he was discharged. Ann Farley,aged 14,servant, pleaded " Guilty"to a charge of feloniously and maliciously setting fire to a barn and ricLof straw, whereby property to the amount. of 5&2l!. and upwnads'was destroyed, the property of Ann Cotterell, at lstone on the 14th of April last. Aar. AlRstice WiG2sruAs, in passing sentence, said the establishment of reformatory schools had relieved Judges of the difficlty which they had formerly felt in passing sentence on young prisoners Like the present. The inte-ests-of societv, as well as of the prisoner herself, required that-she should be sent to such an institution for a considerab2d period. HisL)rdshipthen sentenced ber to imprisonment with hard labour for one fortnight, and then'to:be sent to the Reformatory at Allesley, near Coventry, for four years. Therest of the day was occupied with the trial of lir. Theodore Evans, formerly manager of the Tewkesbury Bank, for stealing the sum of 1,5001. belonging to the Glocestershire Bankdng Company. - The learned JUDGE recommended the jury to acquit the prisoner, which they did accordingly. .We defer nwenror
HOME flTR(IOTf -- OEJ2CISFOP.D, AIUGUST 4. (B'eJo;e AIr. Justice LE tnd Qa Gi pecialg Jnry.) IJ$TER, AND ANOTHER V. LEATHER AND ANOTSERR. -This cause was again proceeded with to-day. The ArrOR'TB-GF4rP,L snrarned up the case on behalt of the defendants, and Sir F. THESIGER ther replied upon the whole case. hMr. Jnstice BELu summed up the evidence with great cave andrninuteness, and athalf-past S o'clock the jury retired to consider their verdict. After being absent about an hour they returned into court and gave a verdict for the -olaintiffs.
POLICE. Mi4.SSiON-HOuSg.-Ur. Teale, of Eversholt-street, Camdeu-town, applied to the LoRD YYOB for information as to the counrse he might properly oursue for the benefit of several .Morth-American Indians (six males and four females) who had come to England for the purpose of appealing to the Queen to assist them in recovering a considerable portion of laud, of which they had been forcibly and illegally deprived. in Walpole Island. M1r. Teale, who was accompanied by a gentleman who stated himself to be connected with the Missionary Society, said, the Indians, of whom Pe-to-e-Kee-Lee was the great chief, had been induced by a Mr. Baby to accompany him to England for the ostensiblc purpose of waiting upon the Queen on the subject of the recovery of their possessions but really with the object of being exhibited to the public theatrically for the benefit of the person by whom they were recommended to leave their home. The speculationhaving, however, totaUly failed, and Mr. Baby not having introduced the Indians to Her Maiesty, but, on the contrary, hlaving abandoned them without makin3g the least provision for their su7pport, they must have starved in the streets if it had not been for the Missionary Society, the members of which had done all they could for them, and were now coimmpellec to represent their deplorable condition to the city authorities. The LoRD MAYOr.-Where is the person who prevailed upon them to come over upor. such conditions i IUr. Teale.-We do not Imow. He is, we have reason to believe, somewhere about town, but he is not to be found. The Indians lodged at my house for a considerable time, -ad-Mir. Baby, who it appears was connected with two other persons in the speculation, is already indebted to me in the sum of lOL for their maintenance and lodging. It is impossible that I can keep them longer. -Tho missionary said, in answ er to several questions put by the LcORD IbJAyox that the Indiana were qBritisn subjects, and thle principal chieF, who waspresent, was the King of the disbrict from which they had come to iEngland for the pnrpose of being introduced to Queen Victoria3. that the chief bore alldtbeevidences'of realicy about him, wore za medal whicls had been resented to his father by King George IL, Her Majesty s grandfather, and war re,dy through-a interpreter, who was an inferior chieE of thedis'trit,n to give every explanation that might be required by his Lordship; they had beeri away from the Island of Wtalpole about five months, and nct having succeeded in their mission, they were only anious to get bac} as lastas possible. The LORD 1HAYon-Havc the people who-brought them over made any engagement with tbem - , The interpreter said that Mr. Baby had made no 'writen, engagement with them, beat they had agreed to 'performa before the public upon his cromise to support them eurif' thetime they should remain in England prosecuting t,heir claim. The men, he said, were all preset, but the women (squaws) -were 'waiting the decision of thbe lord MIYr at'a distance from the public eye . - The-LorD-M .YoR.-For how much can they he taken -back-to .their native place ? '-; ; e . issiGnuy-T have ascertained that thelOlndans, -ean be landed for G. per head, but, of course. a few poundsmore 'will be necessary to secure to them the necessary zno -commodation. The LomD M&YOR.-Well, these.people must be thken, care of. I-shall write to the CQlonial Secretary on the sub-' ject, and, if the means of Eending them to the slsand of ' Walpole be not procured through that source, I date ray an' appel to the public will-be efficacious. i Sir R W. CArDimw (to M'r. Teale).-Why did you bring: them to the city if they 'wer'in Camden-town? You' oingh to have applied to a more convenient aeuthority. Mr. Teale.-The fact is, we were advised to-apply to| the city, as the place in -which advice of the best hind was, likely to be given. They are at my house, but - carnot afford -to support them any longer. I do nct, 'cowever, apply on my own account by any means. ' ' . SirR. W. CAxDEMr.- certainly consider it dangerdnabyi any act of the city authorities to encourage what has been undoubtedly a mere speculation, wnd a yery:wild-one4 too. fhe relief applied for iapears to. me to be -nreaion- To at extensive apasmynt |ably appflied for to us. To *EtetnieapasDJ o g uhecuaement lead I People from allrats miy thimin themselves Justified an introducing to the city all crses oi' distress, and thus reduce to nothing the means we may-sLasess-to- assist lhose wsve have -odoubted claims upon our' peculiar: exertions. - - -. :. The LOPsD MaxOi.-Well, these a.re strangebrs. These-are-theL poor aboriginal iSnabitants of a ceontry-is HIer. Meaty'es domlnious. They are here- with mis now andi .'we mint get-rid of thema as well-a3 'we can, andi 1do not! .}no*rof any other courSe than that which-I propose,: -- The In dians, wrho atre most of them fine loolking men, asd attrated much notice in conlsequence of their fantastic -dr*ss, .then reied with Mr. Teale and, the mnhsaicuax. 'jpin--the teromfiso of the IOBDi M&xLOR and'his Ihrin's oIeeuo tbat means~ shoulld be immcediately --taken'--for thei . acoommodatiou and -comfor' but .~ * -denUtlythe opinion of'Bir H. W. -iden that hat more stict inqoiry should be seede into the asthenticdtj ef tbo atarsatie with 'which thiy dimne fo0rwaed. ~ -s . 14 V. -Ct1E:X~ xe aat - tha- tie. Prus ' ~agkowledge heree t*Sof2! for the imor-bo from "Xarj -GunDanTx.-Cbharle6 Iadter vxs -chauged iti geziingariana ums of Dioniey 2anosuLting to iog., .t. pbc;or his emp'loe. -.' r- W ' f33[r,,-trom on6e of Messs. Ahurat 'Sod, -nra' 3lorris of lo. 6, Old Jewry UQC'* spZC* The pri&oner twas undefended!COk d e . , - , - - GeOrge Colt Mason aaid,-1- 'Sm check to Mesia.r PattZ aiid GiSlpia, ters and publl;hes of- Playhoue-ya,d; Blhckfri.-rs prisODer baa been in their emplo~ient i cdsrk iather beter tban]2 onth&. ite fhad~ themnas ment a oountiy paper, sad bin .dnr w o .cene .aJ letters and money Tht e to the alhce. Me hA biio~ all arders that came for the -apera'an. to tnter all re' i - tences that- wcre sexnt b customeis iD the'd ybocki aM credit their accounts in the ledger fe6i thoe- suns. -Xhaw4 eer, m akethoae entriesin,'at koor butok Itd not-Inow where it is now. I have searched -for it in the ofiee Jiat cansotna it. It was issedsbout three weeb or a ske,st ago. I knowAThe yrisonerfg handwriting.. 'I pr6d&e6tlg ledger, which contains entries in the preioniers-han;riljU relating to the country paper hefceralluded to; ' I rzeFte p#ge 175,. which contains thi Woaunt of :Key*ortKs,' Cirencestor. There are some entries in the handwitbi1e( anotherclerk in Petteriand Galpins, e6ploy, but th ti" abe 7th of June is in his hndwrit ng,'4rd'b,y that'it apE_as*' that the -prisoner received 10L' froni Ar. Ki werth oi that da' Willia Good saicl,-I am eachier tc-3fessrs. Petter indl Galpin. Itywas the prisoner's duty to. acconat to me for aUl moneys.received, and then to pay'them iiitO Iie habnk, sxe-n I had checked over the amounta with Ihfin' --I ifivarixbli examined the bankers' hook to see that'the aimounatgfh,t been paid in. Iproducethebankers' duplicate book; ant refer to the date of June the 9th, which ,6s inthe iprsd'neiL-S handwriting. If he had received 101., froni }ieyworth, q the 7th ofo un lhe ought to have ertered it nti3 s ibook and so have accounted to re for i-. oit- the-h' of -June. 'iH has not accounted to me for that 101. neither then 3or since. - CAros s-examrinled hy the prisoner.-I have -e enl in 11sss Petter and (alpin's service about fou a months. I was witlx them on the 7th of June. I xeceived bo mcre thdiniia that hook or, the 9th of June. There are several suiis 6- 10. entered in the hook, but thatairticn1arsumbhatsiot been accorated for. This boolk wassdhcked,~ adrd -a to every- day with the priwoner wlen Ee broughts usa the money, and that 10. is mot =mong them.- Ther was no money paid inL by tho prisoner fron, the 7th to th 9th of June. 1 imagine the reason fir tht. aras that he ha4 not enough to make it worth while paying inato-thebankei hir. 3etter has asked him from day to day to pay in money to the bankers. NCr. Galpin said,-I am a partner in-thefrim of Petter anti Galpin. The prisoner has not acecounted to ine 'or my. partner for this7 10!. received on the 7th of June.- - rk. Bonsor said, ho wasx n5t prepared to carxy the casd any further at present, but he trusted he had given Esffident evidence t4 justify a remand, and on the next exami n ation he wouald prove fallg al that he charged the prisoner The prisoner said he wished also for a remard, P8 he wai without legal advice, ancd he sbould like t e hrve a solicitdr to-defend him. He also complained of harshness on tha pait -of Mr. Bonsor in having hirm given -into custody nai liaturday, and locked up all Sunday, -when Mr. Gallpix vould have taken his -word for appearing to 2aswer charge.- He had been daily in attendance at tilei ofce rendering them every assistance, although the circunistance of a deficiency hal been for some tine known to bu employers. He had received notice to leave in corsequence of giling longer credit than he ought to have done. Mr. Galpin said, he certainly had offiered not to lock him up on Saturday if he -would give security for his attendane, to.day; and it was vwit h very great -pain that he had beem comUelled to institute the present proceedings. Mr. Bonsor said hisonlyobjectwas toinse theprisoner's attendance, and tha7; these proceedinpgs w-ould hame commenced before butthat theyhad to go through all the books, vithout the two daybooks, and had orly completed their labours on Saturday. Alderman CaLrr7as remanded the prison er, but admitt8d him to bail in his own recognizance in 100!. and one suretV in 50.1. 0Bo-w-sTR=5.-hary Anne Macarthy a-d Vli.bet7i Stack, mother and daughter, were charged with a Series ot savage assaults on Mary Ca7lzhan. The arties axe all Iiish, an live in Oran ge-court. itr. fflix inflicted penalties ef 41, each, er seven weeks' imprisonment. MAirL-noOuGi-ST:a=wr.-John Richard Power, aged3d, who described himself as a commisdson agent, was broughl before Mr. BFuDc.r; under the fdllownin &cums-tances;- Sarah Lyons, aged 13 years, said,-4 am in serrice. Oil Sunday atternoon, about half-past 4 o'clock, while I was sitting on the step cf the County Fire-o79ice, Regent-stret nursing an infant4 the prisontr came up and said to rae, "1I that your child 1 I said, " No." He then said, *Are yo7, not big enough to aveachild? Ireplied, "No 'a aecopul lime. Re then wished me to go withhim iand take a glasw of ale, butl refused, and he asked me to accompany hini to; an hotel in St. Martin's-court. I objocted, and he said, "Iwill give you as., or an thing son lkc,i s.ith me." I also refused, and he said, 'Wiyosa meet me another time i' A gentleman then came up tome: and told me net to go with the orisoner. tWen he osec .me to have some ale ho took hold of my haud and shook it, I was trying to get away from him, when the police ofUcer came up. I saw hil give another litte gil a penny. I aa sure he never asked me any questions respecting an OD1 nibus. Mr. George Morris, t3, Regent-strcet, hoier, said,-O0 Sunday afternoon, while I was pzssing alonig BReget-strceu, I saw the prisoner in conversation rith thelast witners andi another girl. They both had infants in. their arms. I walked on to Ieicester-squrre, and on my retnrn I sa-w th o prisoner still talking' to them.: I stopped about 10 yar-h4 from the prisoner. Twatehed him, and saw one girl walk away while he 'was attempting to stop thbe other, Eien (avanagh, aged 11 yearg of 2No. 4, {ws-court Golden-square. said,-Isaw the prisoner on Sun lay afternloon. Ihad:abahyin myarms. Hie aked me togm,Uts himn to i3t. Martin's-courtr. I told him I could Lot- o.. HO assed me several questions, and vwished to kuow ifthve tsi,D ian my arms was my own..3 - MIr. BEAnor.-Did the prison er tell ycu wihat. he wiactecj you.to go to the hotelfor ? Witness.-No, Sir, he did not. .Mr. BxAnoi; (to the pisoner).-i)o you wish to ask this witness or either of tho others any qaettions? Prisoner.-No, I have nothing to ask themn. * Poliee-constablo Hawkins, 29 ), stated that he wm called by a gentleman to the prisoner, and aMter watchiughim fe' some time following the girls he crossed the carriage-way' in Ooventry-street, and stopped the prisoner, who was Ohserg one girl's hand. Ihe cther walked awasy. Wibnes s asked th prisoner hth ho had been doing to t te children w5hen he said that he was wvaiting for.a £addia gteon crnibaas Witness toldithe prisonerathat ho must go tv he statien hoste, when hoekffered a tness an invitatior to a publie - house.l. I d Other evidence having bEee take, Ir. Bdanop asked the prisoner what he had to say to the cargte. The prisoner said,-I had, dmned at a tavern in Pton dureeth iaymarket, nd ati the time referred to by the witi aesses I wvas 'waiting for an ormnibus. I do noct deny E}pea: isg to the children in tfriendly way, hut not in the m2anses alleged. 1 am relly, your wlorship, a stritcty moral Ian I did aot place 9y hands o3 the children. .t merely asMer them whether the onnibslses fcr Paddingtons assed the spot wshere they wvere standing-. - 2r. O., nos. said,Atter t'ne eidenceplaaed bef-e-me, I shall deal severely with the case. You asked onle gilr 1, question wvhich it ;s perfectly c!ear wvas not a moral one~ Vand,from the langage you usied tourdese the children,i there can be lrthle douot of yGor intbenions tonAda themn. -I therefore commit youato prison for six calend,ar ssehat,. vwith hard labour. - The prisoner, who ha:l stood somoewhat nacce-acerer!ee during theinavestigation, seemed to he astcaiahcA -t. the -de cision o f the m agist-rat e. TEEnSr.-Threo well-know.n th.;eves, namced -Henay WYilliams, agedl19, who refused his adder¢s4 Rcoert 1111cr, 20, of No. 4, Linton-place, LImehouse, and Chlarles Coo¢r, 92t of No. 1, Charles-blaco, Periwmnlle.strteeli ateT, were charged with burgiariourly breakio"'and fen-ering tbo warehonac of hMr. George Hloherstnsou, S'lt. Ahne'a-,lSnee Ifinehonse, andt stealing therefroin copper nails, bi hDines, arnd copper wire, value lSC.f r - ar. Yarnnassy ordered the denoaitionns toi ho forinilij' aikea, and commritted the prisoners for trial, -
,RtTAN CRITICISMS ON THE LATB WAR. TOCTHE EDIrr OF TQ E TiEs. Sir,-I am glad to see your gallant correspondent, Vaptain Ozborne- opportunely warning his countrymen against teo readily accepting all the statements V-hich the Russians volunteer respecting the iittle known region in the'north-east of the Crimea. Fortumately his personal experience7enables him at once so contradict an assertion which appears to have teen made to Mlajor Bamimersley and other Eanglish ofcess as to tbe non-existence of wells on the Spit qf Arabat, andi. the qualify of the water. which washes its easternL shores, s Allow meto direct attention to another particular as to ,hich I gather from your Crimean correspondent's letter that our late enemy is throwing dust' iu our eyes. The road along the Spit, of lrabat was iever, we are told, used as a means - of comminication to any extent. This is -to-me erlectly incredible. Not to mention that traveners of half a centry' back speak- of -the road along this inearkable tongue' of land as the oardinary course takcn by the arabas from the north of the Crimeea to Kertch and Yenikale, a decisive proof both of the ixistence anid the goodness of the route is to be found in the fact that in the yetr 1843 it was a tegSular line of posting. On the 10th of August in «at year Baron;EHaxthausen, leaving the Strait of Genitchi early in the morning, arrived .t Arabat at about S o'dclbk in the forenoon, changgin horses twice in the intevail. Supposing the Baron to have rt 9if before day'creak he must still have travelled at great speed, for the distance is put by him at 50 miles, and can certainly- not be much less. ls 'it conceivable that during the winter of 154-5 the Russians shauld not have taken advantage of such a means of comniunication as this, when the roads within the Crimea, passing as they do over a soil of steppe limestone, must have been -n very' bad condition ? s it likely that stores from Ahe depBts in the. villages on the Moloschnija, should have been all sent by the one 'road over the tchongar,bridge,. when tbis - line existed to relieve the traffic and diinish the demand on the Wells ? I may- nothing of the compamative immunity from snowdrift on the Arabat road, running along' a. h,gh barnl, the spine (as it were) of the, spit. No doubt, after the Ellnglish flotilla entered the Sea of Azoff, andcbrouhgbt their guns to bear on different points of this thoroughfare, it became inconvenient and soon fell into disuse; but in the meantime it is as contrary to common sense to believe that the road was not used by the Russians as itis to known facts to assert the absence of wells along it, or the potable character of the !sea which is by its side. With every desire to give our late enemy credit for candour, w e cannot, I think-, be blind to the fact, that his interest lies in diverting attention as much as possible from his vulnerable side, and, as a means to this, in depreciating the services of those who' detected it, and struck home at it. '1 am o Sir. our obedient servantu A HERTFORDSHIRE INCUMBENT. Aug. 2.
. I . C'I1EAiV C.HA PLA'2S. . . TO THE EDITOR. OF TEE TIMIES. Sir, -While the public mind still warmly dwells on the sublect of the Crimea, may I be allowed to say a few words in behalf of the Crimean chaplains? In no department connected with that brave army whose peturn we are now welcoming are there to be found men more worthy of honour and reward than the chaplains. I can bear testimony, as a military man, to the value of their services in the Cnmea, and it is. because I feel, from a case brought under my own notice, that those se-vices have not been duly appreciated that I wish to bring them, by your m,eans, more prominently before the public eye. -The case I allude to is that of a yoang man who was one of the additional chaplains sent out by the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. He served in the Crimea during ,he whole of last year, and has iiist returned home; hardly had he been a fortnight in England before he received notice from Government that his services were no longer required, and, without the least thanks or notice, was suddenly thrown out of employment. s Now, Sir; there seems to me a great injustice in this, as well as in the case of all other chaplains similarly sitnated. TUhe reglar Government chaplain received his order to go to the Crimea, and it was as muach his dut- to proceed there as that of any other officer holding a Queen's commission; and I may add that Government amply compensated him for his services by the liberal pay of his appointment; but the chaplain sent out by the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel (though selected with greater care, and owing his appointment to merit and not to interest) went out to all the hardships of a campaigning life of his own free vill; he volunteered for the service; he had the same equipment expenses and performed the same duties as 3 regular Government chaplain, yet in the Crimea he was worse paid, and on his return is immediately dismissed. Ifeel it is hard for a young man who has broken off his connexion at home, and given up his cbance of home promotion, to find himself on his returning, with shattered consttution and broken health, turned adrift by a Governmnent whose emergency he had so nobly supplied. Surely, among the many memorials we are raisng in honour of those wbo in the late war faithfully served their country we can find some honour for those devoted nen who voluntarily left the country's peaceful retirement, the comforts of civilized life, and tho path they were beginuningto tread perhaps with success, for the toils and horrors of a Crimean campaign. . Can wefinduorewardforthesemen? WiU SirDeLacy Evans follow up bis question in the House? Why should not our chaplame staff he increased, and all those haplains who bave served in the: Crimea be rewarded with the Queen's commission, and zegniarly takens,oa the list of army chaplai9ns . ' T he Russians and French, in providing for the religiou, interests of their soldiers, set lS in this respect a good example. That these men should not be allowed, after having done for their country such good and noble service, to sink again, unoticed and nnthanked, into private life I feel sure is the wish of every Englishman, as well as of every one who, like mvself, is XA REAN OFFICER,
TVHE ROUTE TO P?AM5 TO THE EDITOR OF TlaE TIMES. Sir,-Having read your correspordent's letterrespecting the nw arrngemet mad by te Soth-eistern ballway Cohpany, aIaeminducmed tooyffer a fSepw remarks open t a the p imae ledheto btke lionetha havgredatbon has been believe,ul rarel excede tosmthei hbu fromrhiearrivat the herdo gvessel to the dwparture of the trzin with aU the basoae passedn At presentthe company allow 40am.inutes. si not mostaprobable that the m_jority of the passengers would ,prefer waiting the adclitional 20 minuteg, giving thmui time for refreshmeyts cnd enabanh macay of tem tho recover from the disalreeables of a sea vomaget instdead of beina huried off the tyer, and cWaitinh double'time f the ir Lnon-bridge n To those familtes tpbvca with couriepr and servants who Tuhe ta geha e f the onggage there is certainly some advans.e, aothe pasting of tfie ltIgrge can w e left to themb *as vseArter" ps corect in stseing that the railway company nave erected a very tnte'baggoage warehouse heres uln preferthoasting the aedptind-a 20iute, givingo thney; time fsor r arehouents in eaenl way ofi taem to re cover th fr ou .We adjareedls of aa sway vaed , is thea om eing rs ried ofe Tole to gerain and watstii deubleth time ac monioyatiobd I thion the fhamioierswllna itesh cou rerswadth ervant whor *d tbey cm n whar o they luggag there is on erthain sme adut vantae,asthe s thair luhg gae to n be le to them. keys Ob erver"an itople, in. o stai tha them railyo seonmp atngy hvte ereted vo the fioneedingsage warfehs haine uoo whtichtheymsthaven zI te.pneffoalrgesu of money; and so th atw roulsgne isndi er t way be for the pa u ro-e lugg den eas duoayraea Cutmg not reIstd canot all th'yI tan: boadis ah railwarey psttio,e soa that psenge il bgen thue toetr hage greas of dpag,th and Im do omnmd tio, ae as Aorneng thmeD furthe pesu s of moineyshor th relad uts aenh wiludtrstion p of th eswonr t of lthes ane aitrre-y ments, Igo plainv y he poeedings offtre tfi t theo d ust * lbtitiestand ingali.thOncu fortsgw mof8th effidenty oreate .-totheo ith o loe lugand, at pLas mor thgave u fir khey t learped pe.n a nd f rdbt to thesme tr as theiothen. Thus t therewsam vn.o ohtm ndmnyt hs Whdidnth regie.' hetuigsster.opaie f sumong thet cunfobertuaesediho dide beyse thereiwa were ame wor wihe Bad tof Csteps,bat plcsnnoth lie, and bitterly ~dThey complany whenrtheyeweieenformeddtht adethsey mus .etheir boat wninh theiry luggagle tovtendo ore give up thgeiey to tela railwaye freoplare, and trs do nthe tohsnd theirthings backvrbe omee rmpe&fbsns to them. at With respec gt to~uh l thetuing systel m doataied of, ha surneltmy tai coul tbe remedied sether b theul raiwa monpany or the Board of th Customs,?u antsehwi a be done as suggested.ficint,grete The copany or soe tim have hedi adoveritied ia A V Wvr.r_VwTcrf4Z 'rP IWnT 1 -7 I Folkestonc, Aug. 2 i UNiVER(~tTY orLLrxM, L~OiNDON.At a sesd~on of ,s} il en So thic, d.Ialt votes ,of thianks were thc to Mje*rGeneiors Sir W t.hilia3s oofJ ZarI LC. s, M, *ed Mifr. B cnnell oLewisi A.M., Profe=sr of Iatinh in: ~Qmeeu'g CoUle'e, Cork, Fellow of UYnivereity College, Loui*denm, 'for prcezdIng, at thue preentatb5n of prizes to the. rtidents 'of the ,faenry. of me6dicine, an~d to the pupibs -of the junjor sochool or, the 31se or Jrly and 1st of AU ~cspdllvly.Tbe olo~ng hrme 'tdents of the college0 who had g tdruedSwitlihoupurY at the University of LoUndon:wef3n?edFdllotwvof thee c liege -.--Fu,ertDnwsoa 9Inrllsi,i!:D.., Fradk(;uthr.ie,iLA &, aid Wells Batlerp! 7u:B.,-.sf thu C3ivi Soi47,~ o£.the- flun. }sb- India CO33- ~~~~ny. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ q t
MILITARY AiD NAVAL INTELLEaENCE. The General Commanding.in.Chief his Royal Highnas t'e DakecoE Cambridge bad a levee yesterday afterioon at the Horse Guaxds, when there vwas a numerous attendance of officers. IThe 97th (Earl of Ulster's) Regiment, mustering 3 field offioers, 9 captains, 15 s-abalterns, 6 staff, 47 sergeants, 45 corporals, 16 drummers, and 659 rank and file, marched into Anglesea Barracks, Portsmouth, yesterday from Aldershott, with colours flying, band playing, and an enthusiastic welcomc from the inhabitants. The 20th Regimentwill follow into the same garrison this day. The inhabitants of Portsmouth and the surrounding districts, including the county and, the 1se of Wight, are collecting subscriptions with the object of giving a grand English banquet in Portsmouth to as many of the united forces (officers and men) actually engaged in the late wara s their funds will permit. All the naval and military authorities, 'he Doke of Richmond, Lord George Lennox (chairman of the committee for carrying out the idea), the chief firms, many of the county, andborough magistracy, the members for Portsmouth, and the tobmnspeople, most 'warmly are enlisted inthishospitable fete, which will take placo in about a month, under the most distinguished auspices. Major-General Breton, the Military Governor of Portsmouth, has most kindly accorded his aid to the promoters of the entertainment, to assist them in their selection of guests, &c., and already nearly 400f. has been contributed, but double that sum at least is needed. The steain-transport Dodo, No. 221, arrived at Spithead on Sunday nig'at from the East,a with S officers, 166 men, and 103 horses of the Land Transport Corps; she met with very strong NEE. gales and heavy head sea since leaving Gibraltar. The Dodo 'went int Portsmouth harbour last evening to land her freight. Colonel H. Sandham, director of the Royal Engineers' establshment at Chatham, has received an order directing the Sth company of the Royal Snppers, who have recently arrived at Brompton barracks from the Crimea, to proceed this day to Portsmouth, where they are to be stationed. The strength of the company amouLts to 6 sergeants and 114 -ankand file. Lieutenant P. II. Scratchley and Lieutenant E. H. Courtney, Royal Engineers, are under orders to proceed to Portsmouth in charge of the 5th company. The depBt of the 11th Regiment is now at Sunderland. The Brilliant, 20 guns, sailing-frigate, Captain !James Almer Paynter, was inspected yesterday by the Commanderin-Chief, Vice-Admiral of the White the Hon. William Gordon, &c. The yards of the Brilliant were manned to receive him. On boarding at 10 30 a.m. the entire crew passed in muster order before him. The men were then inspected at qnarters and went through their numbers and stations for great gun exercise. The ship was then thoroughly inspected by the Commander-in-Chief, and he desired Captain Paynter to announce to the officers and crevw (which was done from the quarter-deck) that the state of disciplino ilt which he found the crew was highly credit able to every officer in the ship, taking into consideration the short time the ship had been commissioned. On the gal. lant Admiral leaving a salute of 15 guns was fired. The Rev. Thomas Henry Watson has taken up his commission and joined this ship as chaplain and naval instructor. The Brilliantleft Sheerness yesterday at 4 p.m. assisted by the Otter stearavessel and the Cuckoo. The Speaker of the House of Commons and Sir Henry Mildmay visited Woolwich Arsenal yesterday, and 'were conducted over the establishment by the officers of the various departments, where they spent upwards of three hours. The transport screw-steamer Lion, Captain Kruger, having discharged the whole of her cargo, consisting of nearly 2,000 tons of ordnance stores, at Woolwich, sailed yesterday evening thence, and will be docked prior to re-assuming her former duties on the St. Petersburg line. She returns immediately to Deptford to be paid out of the Government service. The transport Indomitable arrived at Woolwich on Sunday evening to discharge ordnance stores from the East. The Crocus and Cherokee gunboats left Deptford yesterday mornig, and proceeded down the river for a trial of their machinery. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty :-Lieutenant R. . Harrington, to the Princess Royal; Lieutenant A. F. Marescaux, to the Highflyer; Lieutenant T. B. Collinson, to the Amethyst ;-Lieutenant C. H. Smith, to the Highfiyer; Frederick Wise, Master, to the Highflyer; E. Mf. Vincent, Master, to the Fury; J. C. Hutchings, Master, to the Edinburgh; C. S. Holden, midshipman, to the Conqueror; C. W. Thackeray, midshipman to the Camilla; Thomas H. Larcom, Hon. A. C. L. Cadogan, and D. F. Bertie, naval cadets, to the Conqueror; John J. Acheson, surgeon, to the Princess Royal; A. R. R. Preston, assistant-surgeons, to the Royal William; Henry Crocker, assistant-surgeon, to the Princess Royal; Edward L. Low, acting assistant-surgeon, to the Centurion; R. H. BzoUen, paymaster, to the Retribution; Thomas R. Gould, paymaster, to the Edinburgh.
1?rGnTpIm AcCmpDET BY MACmmlny.-About 71 o'clock yesterday morning a frightful arcident ocourred at the works of Messrs. Hutton and Son, silver platers, Sheffield to a young woman, named Emma Memmott, who was employed as a silver polisher. The younwomen employed in polishing silver stand at a workboard, about four feet apart, and underneath each board, at about 18 inches from thefloor, runs the shaftfrom the steamn-engine bywhich the polishmg spindles are Dropelled. An iron bar is fixed oR alevel withtiefront of each workbench, toproteettheclothes of the young women fromtheshaft. Thiaprecautionarymea. sure, bowever, proved ineffectual in the case of Memnnott, for while she was at work yesterday morning her clothes, frzm some- unknown cause, became entangled with the coupling box of the shaft. Feeling the drag at her clothes, she screamed cut for assistance, and a man named Birks, under whom she worked, ran to her assstance, and, seizing her under the arms, endeavoured to drag her from the spot, both he and she screaming aU the while to the persons in care of the engine in a lower room to stop it. The engine was not stoppedf and the muachinery gradually wound np the younz woman's clotines, dragging her downl at every moment, despite the eflort5 of Birks, who, finding it uesl0s8 farther to contend against the force of the machinery, Inm elf ran into the lowerroom and instiantly stopped the engine. When hereturned tothe pooryoung woman he foqnd all her clothes torn off, audl er body ustilated in the meet shocking manmier; it was literally cruslhid to pieces. She was quite cisad. It is sunpose& th.at ssiron jar aonue4ed with the sha,ft was leoose, anad eaused ffio accdent, for, so great w as the force of -the umahinery, the -bar, though of considerable tbicknesg, wa3s fooWld iaped 3:egnd the shft as thonghit had been a pieeexf cor.
- T7lc LATE MfELANCHOLY SUIOIDE at WALTON TO MHE EDITOR. O-TRE TIMES. Sir,-In the report of the abovee which appears in your paper of this morning, and which I see is taken from a provinc:al source, there are one or two inaccuracies, which I .trust you will allow me at ouce to correct. Itis not truo that the deceasedl yonng lady went to Col. chester on tho preceding Saturday to pledge her watch. She did go there on that day; but no" for that purpose. It is not true, Sir,-and this is o farU greater importance,-that theunfortunate young lady wvas ever abandoned by her relatives and friends. Blinded by a fatal passion, she persistently abandoned them. Terms of reconciliation and return-such terms as are alone cotupatible with the sacred obligations of domestic life and personal self-respect, and urged with aUl the power of eabrnest enteaty and tlectionate remonstrance-ere alwrays freelt offered, and always, alasI There are, indeed, those living tho havo incurred an awful responsibility by the precipitate death of this young lady. It is not my object to apesic of this now. Over her grave no word of reproach shall ever be uttered ;,bnt the laceratcd feelings of surviving relatives and friends demand this JUstiCe, anaI am sulre, ir, I shall not appeal to you in Vainl to give this DOte a place in your next issue. 1 enclose my name nnd addrcss as a guarantee of good Oiaf1,. mid luwv Sn InsnRe Lnn tint lr an, A NEA1 RKUkTIVL 04F THE DECEASED. London, Augast 3.
COBZPESPOND2ENCE of the EtTSHOP of B}ATH a7td WELLS and DR1 PifTLLIMIORI. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-This corresrondence requires explanation, and I shaU bo grcatly obliged by your insertiou of a few lines. I am tho third party alluded to by Dr. Phildimore. Dr. Phillimore stated that his lordship had Dronounced in his charge that the archdeacon was at liberty to hold and to teach the doctrine excepted to. I confirmed that statement. The passage of the cbarge, not exclusively, but more espeoi;lly, before my mind was the foflowi?:- "Even if the suit was successful, the moral effect, if attended with deprivation to tho offender, would lead to ,reat sympathy for the deprived, .;nd to the contraction of the pale of the church within narrower bounds than were intended by our Reformera." I submit that I wvas within the statement of ~he dharge. Tho passageoisin pago29. I rei'er to it and to the page preceding and the one following, in vhich his lordship, while stating that his owrn view differs fromn that of the archdeacon, gives his reasons for refusig to aid in any way the prosecutor. There is no distinction drawn in the charge between holding and teachlig. I am. Sir. vour obedient Pervant. C. S. GRUEBER. H4mbridge Paonage. - -
Tnm BISHOP OF E.SnrERE AIND T}n TOinlh-GTOx BURnLL 1BOA.D.-It will be probably recollected that shortly bcforo the prorogation of Parliament the conduct of the Bishop of Exeter, with reference to the non-consecration of tho Torrington buriaiground, was brought under the consideration of the Elouso of Lords by the Earl of Portsmouth. This burialground has been provided, in accordance with the provisions of the late acts of Parliamient to abolish intramural burials, and is properly fenced and protected against trespassera. The Bishop of Exeter refuses to consecrate that part intended for the members of the established church, on the ground that one end-that which comes close to the Dissenters, although the whole ground is surrounded with a high substantial wall-is open, and that the burialground is not fenced according to the canons, and under that technical objection, without any regard to the altered times and circumstances, his Lordship refuses to consecrate that portion of it. A few days since the Bishop's secretary informed the burial board that the Bishop would consecrate the ground in accordance with the report of the select comsnittee of the House of Lords on the Burials Act, and date the 4th nlt., reconunending a railing as a line of demarcation, but the board, with but one desentient, declined the terms, and prefer waiting till next session in tbe hopes that an effectual and general alteration wvill be made in the law, rendering the consent of the Bishops as to thn finished state of the ground before consecration unnecessary. DEAT OF A DRAGOONC GUARD ON THE NIARCH.- An adjourned inquest on the body of Robert Lockhart, a rivate in the Scots Grays, who died suddenly on the mrn^ch Uetween Farnham and Wokingham on Wednesday last, was held at Wolkingham yesterday, before Mr. Robert Clarke, coroner for the eastern division of B-rks. From the evidence adduced, which was contradictorv in its tenour. it would appear that the regiment to which the deceased belonged badh been billeted for the last three weeks at Parnham, whence they were marched to Wokiugham last Wednesday. Lockhart's horse, having a sore back, was not allowed to be ridden, the rules of the service requiring the deceased to lead it the whole distancenamely, about 17 miles. The deceased and five other men who had led horses marched under the charge of Farrierhlajor Gray. After procceding about four miles Lockhari complained of fatigue, and confessed to the farriermajor that ho and a comrade had been up drinking all the previous night in the company of twa women. On passing Aldershott camp the man had a glass of ale, and, the party slhortly afterwards halting, he took very large dranghts of water. Gray about this time noticed him staggering, and accused him of having spirits concealed about his person, but this the deceased denied. After this Lockhart was heard to talk in a wild and incoherent manner, running on in advance with his horse for a considerable distance, aind then stowpin- short and throwing up the reins. It was ,alo ahege that he seized hold of the tail of the farrier-major's horse, and walked on thus for a mile and a-half. Gray, still believing that nothing more serious than intoxication ailed the deceased, urged him tokeepun withlthe restof thepart. Having arrived within 24 miles from Wokingham, Lockhart fell down on the road quite unable to proceed a stel further, when Gray directed two men to remove him to a plantation lying out of the thoroughfare, and immediately went on to Wokingham to fetch the regimental medica] officer, with whom he hastened to the spot where Lockhartl had been left unattended for the space of an hour. They found that the unfortunate man had expired in that brief intervaL The body was iantla conveyed to Wokinglam, when it was discovered that, notwithstanding the extreme sultriness of the weather, the deceased had set out on a midday's march wearing two woollen shirts, a cotton shirt, a stable jacket, and, over all, his regimental tunic, into the breast of which he had stuffed a variety of other articles. Lockhart was 24 years of age, had served with his regiment for four years, and bore a good character. Before leaving Farnham the regiment was inspected by Lieutenant-Colonel Sulivan, who observed nothing about Lockhart's aneance to lead him to suppose he was not quite sober. A private named Coin, who was himself taken ill later in the march, stated that the farrier-major swore at the deceased and pushed his horse up against him- that when Lockhart fell down for the last time he (Coin) offered to stay behind and take care of him, but Gray would not permit him to do so. A pest 7ai-tem examination of the body was made by Dr. Lewllyn, who found the lungs gorged with blood, the left one closely adhering to the rib, and attributed the death to suffocation, produced by excessive drinking. The farriermajor, who has been 12 years in his present situation, and 19 years in the regiment, received an excelent charauter from his commanding officer, At tthe close of the investigation the jury returned the folowing verdict :-" That the said Robert Lockhart died from suffocation, brought on by over fatigue, being compelled by his superior officers to march a very long distance under a burning sun." jI$crso SAND3 OPERARvFS.--A massive blue book, just issued, containsthererort of the select committee apsointed to inquireinto tbe-expediency of establishing eqaitable tribunals for the amicable adjustment of differences between mastems and workmen. A majority of the witnesses examined concur in expressing themselves in favour of the establishment of boards of arbitration between masters and workmuen, but they differ as to the constiution of the proposed boards, and still more as regards their jurisdiction'. The existing law on the subject of arbitration (the act of 5th GeorgelV., cap. 96) is examined, and found to be nearly inoperative, as hardly anybody resorts to it, and few are aware of its existence. Three causes are assigned for the failure of this measure:-1, the unwilingness to go before a niagistrate - 2, the reluctance to defer to the decision of unliown aritrators; aud, 3, the objection of the workmen to magistrates in manufacturing districts, as they are generally manufacturers themnselves. To obviate these objections, it has been preposed to establish in the various manufacturing districts "Courts of Conciliationh " liko the "ConseilsadeoPrudhommee min France. The committee believe that the formation of such courts in the country, more especialy in the large commercial, manufacting, and mrimng districts, woul,d be beneficial, and suggest the introduction of such a measureas an amendment in the prisent Arbitration Act, by enabling masters and operatives to choose referees from their own class or calling, equal in number, and presided ovor by a chairman, unconnected with either party, to be elected by the referees. The tribunal would be appointed to asb for a certain period. These boards of arbitration, on bein)g licensed by the zecre'tay o Sate woldhav ful oweto etand decide on all 9uestions of existing contract. The committee, however, thinloit would be impossible to gaive these or any other tribunals any powver whatever of forciblyregulating the rate of waes. * IEPollT o~s Pxrsoiss.-Anotlhae blue book has just bee published containing the 19th report of the In spectors of English Prisons for the Home District. The statistics of crime for the year 1853. to which the report refers, exhibit an improvement almost equal to that observable in 1852. The nmbers for trial or tried at assizes and sessions in 1852 were 27,350, and in 1853 26,804, being a decreaso of 2per cent. The convictions as compared with the committals are identical in. their relative proportions, being in 1852 77.3, and in 1853 77.0 per cent. The summary convictions were 71,850 in 1853, against 76,547 in 1852, There a decrease as regards the gaim laws of 24.2 per cent., the revenue laws of 22.2 jer cent., the bastardy laws 23.9 per cent., the Vagrant Act 22.8 per cent., the aliciosn Trespass Act 16 per cent., assaults 2 per cent., and reputed thieves 3.5 per- cent. There s ian increase on military prisoners of B95.2- per cent., under the Lareeny Att 1 per cent, and under tbe Police Act 29.8 per cent - Juvenile offenders exhibited a decrease of 117, or 5.2 per cent., and their summary convictions are of 251, or 2.6 per cent. There were 77 pardons on medical grounds in 1853. The number of deathls among the prison population of England and Wales was 216-a considerable increase, arising principally from deaths* by choler. The number of linzatirs in 1853 was 132, being an increase of 22 per ceat. Tabular statseuiets are given to show how trifling a progress, if any. hae been made in the. important branch of "the state of instruction," In 1853 there was a percentage of 95 3 of, criminals, with "little or no instruction," against a percentage of -92,4 in 1852r. 0851 in 1851, and 9.8 fin 185-0.. Onliy 4.2~pei cent, can read and write well, and ouly 2 per cent. are if suporior education. The total expenditure for the, umanteua-nce of 109.0l5 p-isoners in 1853 wea 450.4161r, aan 435,1624 in 1882. The increae is nejt accoun ted for; - I J
sLTS BY AUCTION. Fzeehold smd Lzaaebold Thyestmente6 sitntmt Madenhead-cort~ dity.: G- ttbe~ M ent: : ' w.eominon-1.~e, dteirner and ]Jig wa-pen an :0 :bre :nteMnrhnnae ~ I.awdesatret ts] e.eue.Capinimodern Fluritue,' Chimney Caodls, OrientAl rud othere onamenat* China, a6 few Paitn2 cd En4ravings, and ralaable Effects. ilE'SR8. M1ANS1FLLasnd ELLIOTT aroimtuce'ted to SELL by AUC0TION. en the Pinetus, H. frwndes.atr,es, THIG DAY. August 5. at 1 precisely, the whole of theB vluabIe ant maodern NfLRNITUEtE: compisillg miiIlogg~y four-posl, Arabian._ and IFrenc best.te.da and chintz bn.urs, prialo hore-han, and wool inatkeseeg, And other bedding, tire Spanish mahogany winged wardrobes. seven iabogaris chests at drawer26 marble-top and other wash. standr, deeidugthlers, larg-icte ebeTal and toDlet glawsn, Land other chamber fittinga, cared rous wood dmnwing-room euLite. comuprilag wDedcablnets,lo.oocaIoaaiL naifee. and workln:blea, wf&as,ouches. set of WO earrad-back chair,, lomiRrXge chains sid two pair of pole screenz, Ottoman asata. unite of blue and drab tabaret curtains ant-~ atk cornies for dire windows, chimney and lier glassies, gilt pier table'with ruarble tap, bandwome and massive Or-oTeD.L and tasuriaoe blue seachandelier ier 16 lights. dittO for 1,2 ligbts, cut-rIses lastreg, Ot-mniou Parisian clock. aIr of choice or-mosilc candel.abra, Orientsl and M&adarin chin jga-rms, aes and other orna.mental chtina sagitol* pedetal, . handsomeLy carved mahogany S-feet pedestal sideboard, two ditto dinner wACxong, ositly Spanish mahlogany teleaDope-f_ane dining tables 5 feet 6 wride, and openilng 16 feeti, mect of 18 ditto chain. ersyq chairs, mRhogany pedestail writing table, two dittoocsea _tabes, 5lest wide, mahogany folding screen suitAes of dausaxic windowb&DagsaDa,rurela and othercarpetK chinLA;adgisas,laigerexgfmto tha dsY preceding and moruing at sale, end catatopseee bad an the pee- mises, and at the 1offce of Nesss. IJans,l sand ZpuiC,t suctioneera and Taluers, 13 a, ltelzr&ve-sqnar* ioorer of Halkdn-iilaol), and 12, Birchinlans,D Carahil Thdiakqae ensiagtoss-tore.-Two superior And moot substamtialy-blie rivte Reidenoeeovrligrooking EHIde-park, hilghly elbigil fow coaln Or inveatcent. MESSS. !IANELL and ELLIOTPT are direeted toSELLhyAUCTIONat the Mart. c-n Mdonds, u atipeelsly, captal ong E&SEaOLD FA4 bY It~SIDIeNCE situte nd ein No1,Hyde-.ak-gle. let on leaseo to an exoellent tenat a £20 pe acac. early posaeeeOn Of Whilch May be had if desre; asoa eniarResidence, No. 2, Hyde-pa-rk-galt,now vacant. batof isavase r £89earsannum. Each home contlins fOssrbeit bedeons, wo rasingr&sess foiur servats bod rooms, two haulasom drwin ronis co er,sCs~'dining roomi, library. And very comtplet oflee. an isbelfor bAt0ys, Y am t tne.low groundreot of £2 e anm hEsthb Were bUint iU the MD substantial mlaserbyMsrs Iisoclei and Pete, and are now in excellent condition. MFay be viewed (No. 1 hr orders ocnlyj, and particulras h-ad, ten daya Prier, aLt the Mart;- san at Ithe offies af tstewre jjt&nsell And Elliott, estate agents Sand auctioneers, 13 a., rale-eqesirnm (corne of Halkin-. plscel, and 1A Birchin-ILane, (oDmhilt Chsaer-eusreEcedeot nd narlynew moe Furniture. hand. ~me Chmney-lasse, Broebacain exeeletCn1n-lioe. andEffecl;3, MESSRS.MANSELL and ELLIOTT, having ie h oue r notected to SELLbay AlCTyoN. an Thu3 - cla, Agus Idat prcisly,the whole of the modlern PURN-ITUtrgs.: audEFECTS compisin caital SPanish mnahogany, Arabian. and izonedatads,andcbinz hagins, larneorbair.nad 4wool ms.tt,esso., andotoer eddig, wel-mae Sp nis Ahogan7 winged wardrobe. chest of rawes, mrbleton ash teds dretmig tables. andl tolet guina, alnt-tre dawigzDM suite, caraelel in bandosrngChlotu conistng f tte--lIe lunges oentre divan. chuiafe!ou,o chrs sa nt Of six chaRirs1, iOnoccasional, and work tabes. we~ Cabie or bookcase, with marble top and Plate-glass bick, marquete-ie, loo t&ble, twro handsOre chimnep-glasess in carved and giliframee. auites of chintz and other wtadyw cortains and portfolio stan Capitalf5parish mahogany podegtil sideboard. rarcophagas cealmest, telescope frame diuing table, two side tables set at 14 mahogany chairs and an easy chair;, mahogany open booltcsa, Rnd ditto asretng table, Brussels and Turkey carpets, bright steel and or-moula lenders, haUf table anid chair,, China dinner. breakfast, mid tea services, stout kitchentabis, meat screen. eight-day dial, and culinary articles, anid well-made b.oughamln caPita onrdition, end valLable effect, May -bT,eiewedthe day -preceding so M,norn,g of ssie.a,d eatsogueshsd an the pre sii UT-Iad at the nOte of M.essm. MAansel and Ellott. sue- ToEnlders, Ironmongers,OladCIe echns nohr,2 Be -ater Stvs eatoearadthrIn.2basNails and Spo-es Ois, olors,an VanIses,andabot IOlts of Household isodred byn the'laoon Eecora oDSELl1 snitabefar te a theiradspawitout Phems UenerSert. MEayb-tilawed, the ornng sle,and catalorue obtine aud To- otr.o Fake'affges 44,D TwoDee Sae o Idclaiesaneon Pronetye.eold waid t ativer,acbsed Jeweler Weaingttie.wFmituc,an ClOt Sorxcllentaouseholdernd R., GEOS. PROIEiSTndi LiUtRECted to SELL a THI hlsY AuOust 5,1 atd It or2ndstet To-morrow, ag AugustT-,ap e1-er1 watches,0 Bjwelleryh laie ncldeh bestlenitin's ofSaksearigatre.bd SOD ttablT lne n,dot 1e siks satmn, ollen' cLobarths W_L-,excelen hPueha yIol so ofdiicfriture andagreat vretyof meta nd arrknietal ge itniIs. itts Soe, ooin-Frehlas,ed Propety-e.-ntsbt W.R . SATDRSWOOllW SELL by AUCTION, onth 4lkremieeWar, 4o3 Oforid-stree1,t 2, bodisbrection ofthurdy August d, arutee 'cok precis bely,th Yextesiveland excellent TOFa ofpMortlae end. Boo and Sh1FoemDalecompriaing aellaey', yoth's loadbce, Iarsndgirs'hoots, Ndeoe oodf evry de,Sureip-in: aloda largeholooid gls,adaFes rnituxes. Mhiay he s4ee ond Wfednsdyt umg u o GEOl,ad BAtaog es hadsa thee auc vonerOires, wi3, Oxftrdstreet,BoomaEL'ry, TO,o hePea",Fanz-o' A Co-hllecio Nofireooa,oTuS DroerY, bTelogAingu to an genlemwn FURNTURE cOrPrlabut o leave Enland,ebojtbeeefnos BeRrOse," BlsChIMPSO 1N11s insgitructed Pto SELL, 2t, 12. f.OlMvol. llsen O1S.whaotrebyCh Jlrd tidh Co.;th dm ctabyres. sndethesideboatrali=st'an Lbrokar,4vtsen thadomesn Crleapmtdia andMaaine omple.ten Of Hoath'e works, large size ;U Drl 6r qouantit of boonlme arnuure music, bietrues aondspists, eof fe-welelery, Rusa u adhetlnd apa1thus,a ainuet oosf sell,atpheresoltert enddageerotye apartus a ianfore, baomerpands thrmlo-" be viewed O 3ix the day nco prior,wand cialogues had EfHRtoeH 1otv o ttageLPiano.I1Ch~Jituaey-ls- Brussels g are. Soedtch,r w%aithaworkshpaudBodning. Te hogUle rduig a raok~ Chenta of abut£1wers mannum, Twhe above speop ory isrnow l asttdb DMn.gForema fernuterm exprin WithgDecembier, 15n3 art agonti roentof £2 pher ainnuOil Mayb viewedbyppleTetio o h enns at he art TR IGGS.W 'Awod acioneerv AndCaTdIONt,,aotPasoae-hoouse 44,NoSwood, Croydon,rrey.Wedndekly)Ag.6 onhal fo uriwy nIturOe, Chi ena, GlasUs, and Ealuale lirt . h (l-EO.er BArlnC hau rsn been eadoue win thogins ruc£TL japans tompletlbrit auCTON and cithe trealtues, Pasonare-hseal WeZao-hl f Natbr boo,ols tHr, iSlw DAY n S tsredayr,Augst 5T andfolow FIJHNTURE.tamprstaraeasiealan pembrlaft ebles,ch teis netof oseeodchars,chineygla i git rame, pleathe,to 42abnd- Brunsselt cauTrpe op c imne ornament, oialEs peainlns rte and Frw sire gilOt fams aent. grandbl piwmandfr Byollads andC thelwae dnir ng - 1iumer of bos the furniaturg of te lxbedSrom Rconsisi Mffur-pos)t, tellp es, adoHer adsteads,it fumitnee. gooseueathe boeis, bolgstersA 1 f"Andplos mattrese Bns,o X palahes blankets,U cbnerputanes, mahogan weat tob aondion ch est pofdroawes dressting-g slasss 5.kha the uh,sua,kt wh ose Doxdtbores luicesod niy auctiu onusqessprof, i omsl,,ton, aLnd catalotuesthad at the Whiew Hart, lio,andigpe;wd to wman nn, thr premises;o andbof Mt Gormwcto.hins, lactioeer, 117,hiumgs-teet PEast bK lent-mynt. GEORG bodsbarterst.attsherAutionf Maprt I'emeNs Tavlern Calftearbly. ul pan Thursy, the25h day f Auu T. dl fohI ithealerno prcitey. iaelt ADeslrable Tihereeeeaeold Eseiptec atd ea odnhc, carLle .tl t ivelnLMantist Fam, I siut ,i h patthee a!t Stonde an teynact, cle n thesja oubsty afKet, consistinm saobtatnn e pstanle resiadence, and about ry acres o ihdeen amblDeand- scun frvesmareb; lad fdntqaiyith nam, forhr bedrOops c gounds: - held uderthe sua enwbod lephoase from the Dean oie and Chaie o Caterur sat*dul clbs reserredfrm-yard2.Th term sldans, renwd ferd2l theLoudon,9 Coinrl'y, nd% Dovrrood, betdweend SituhourneLand: c waverehabouwthi w mlsoflter ro atrbr, fo Ohath-Am, Wndd frm tndon.Te iBeRowdinen dlto ofU jthero tiuars andth conditinAaf ale, may nhgo ottRu atth ahi ot thae W%lsa:ob tmeisrs Mant he nand Fieldng. soicitous o,oCnedter o at Mesrs.H. an . ake ad Ke rall solcitos,10,d D,inctelns-inn Londone nd 1WF hstbAeauctioor,G ays Cisert,ynear anter hera-~, Ondwiewthis Day rtuesdar),-Io. 40, pran-fo-ha,uehld Furnture Idnw-toned6-octaveCion ttage] Pianol Cerhimne,-l,sse , usesasi.x othber Capeto apiald andcndionof zsedg maOgtainydO r rWing Wardob Cheera S. Drah-wers, GMarbl-tn, op andon sueror of brarys WesAnd rsewmood authree ad ee i itins andc wvaluable EFfet ~rES RS.TRIGS illSEL b~A SCILL at for 1 pecisel, tOe bove moern FIRNIT etB and Oalae EFECI (hewhoe n xcllet oniton) cmpisng ofy oupos, alftete, Aaban an Peac bdsead, n ahoan, Sad, TO Contr2a!tors Carmen and other3.-Exesv aeo tn. as Chris, and Effects.- -Four Boo-emm s 1 ats i: oss,Tr pawling Sheets, H osaadfevermalSesoHino, R. EU LrPIIWI bgsto mske nown, that ~he SEfkford"-treet, Clerkienwell, removed for the eonveuewsee of ale1o Tliusvday. August 7. at 11 tor I precisely, the valuable and extensive EFFE-CTS of a CITY CARMAN; iuclading four ueaely-newyasx,, 'wit the wFhets Of the riggn comaplete, 11 capital crate, chaise, six usefl hrses vaios fittingsin forms, las -lungi &c_ Oil slew. Caalgus t th das,and of thAe auctiOneer, 13, Fec- street, city. Freebold ealidenpe. surronded by ite ~ow Grounds of la armes with Ofliresm Cosch-houas, Stable, GardenssA,eadow, Onthied, Pianotation, &1e,-At the Roya Cisrenoo Hotel, 31fracambso,t nTossaiUr rthe 2d day of September next, _tTIR ewL-ercte - ilisom iPreehoia Iarine Ite . Vidaue~ cLed outi Clff ion ftsteat Lee 21j miles from the well]known alnt-'Plac-nfecombe. nOrth Devon. ,It has anitzollent Approach by ist owni printstecrrimge dirie, and cxontains six bedroos dsiaron,drawing, dini%ng,sd breakfast rooms, usaanehail, kitcen. zandohe dlomeside offiese, Soach-bouse, *Atekl le twc heee. hrnss ee,,An The landeopisaaira,.j, orchiard, TAX ibOtAtion, he.. the whoeaotIlnr, hias
