DEATES. On the 27th ApriL at the Cape of Good Hope, on his return from Adelaide to England, Alfred, fourth son of John Doulton, Req., of Ilgh-street, Lanbeth. Im May 1856, at Rangoon, George Belts, Req., FsaiStant surgeon of the 45th= .eat W.L, aged a1 e. On the 26th June last, at Mfelville Hospital, Chatham, Commauder Thomas Spark, R.N.. of EL AL ship *Yellesley, age O, elnecerely and deservedly regretted. On the 4th ilst., at ber residenee, in Chelsea, Iouisa Maslanno Draper. relict of the late Thomas BRoton. _Eq., of Upgrove-hill, Stanstead, re, and eldest daughter of the late Revr William Elliott Rector of Mablethorpe, Linoolnhire. On the 7th inst., 3Ir. Thomas Ansender, of 12, Short's-buildings, St. JamWes', ClerkenweUL much regretted by alU who knew him, Ontheothinst..ot255,Oxford-street Caroline, thebeloved daughter of Wim. and Carolnte Hammond, in her llth year On the Sth int., at Jersey, John Caddell, eldeat eon of William AsL,wl, Th Eq.. of bto,Wavriseireobr on the 9tb inst., at Llaudaff, Maria Eleanor Knight. relict of the late Dean of Llandaff, and daughter of the late Llewellyn Traherne, Es-s., aged 65. On tha 9th Inst, Thomas Grfith, Rzq., Trevalyrt Hall, Wream, Dehbighshire, aged 69 yeam On Wednesday. the 5th Inst. at Great Bars, Staffordshire, Anne, the beloved sife of Howard Fletcher, Esq., of Walsall. On Wednesday, the Rth inst., at 55. Bath-street, Glasgow, WilliaM IeXZaughtan, REq., accontarnt, aged 42, On the Sth inst, at Brizhton, Colonel the Hon. James Knox, On the lth inst., at Buntingford, Eert4 George Gaffney. Easq, sorgeon, aged '4" On ThLrsday, the 10th inst., at St. Leonard'e-c.-Sea, EdithTaFrnes, thid daughter of WiVllam Woodgate, FEq., of Swaylands, Penshurst, Kent. On the 10th inst.. at his reeidenoe, Grave-end-road, St. Jobn%swood, 3ilatthew Clement Allen. Esq., in his 49th year, deeply regretted. On Thursday, the 10th inst., at Cardiff;, Ane, widow f the late Charles Rage, &he., of Sbrewsbnay, age 69. On the 10th inot.. at Brighton, Eebecca ,widowoftholateEdward Chinery. REq., of long Melford, Sufrolk. On the 10th inst., at Cambers-ell, R:ichard, twin child of Mr. Henry Ovey, aged one year and seven mouths, On the 10th inst. at 3Q Carlton btll east, St. John'e-wood, Thomas Garret; E q., age 73, deeply regretted by his famllaun1friends. On the l0th inst., at his reiddencr, No. 10, Granvillesquare, Mr. Charies Feist, in his 625 year of his age. On the loth inat., at Cocken Hail, Durhama, in his 49th year, Wm. Standish Standish, Esq., of the above lase, and of Doxhury-park. -ancashire, mazirte for both counties, and Deputy-Lieutenant of th cuty of Lancaster. On the l1th inst., at buch Radbam. HErts, George Henry, eldest son of Geo.rge Gayton, Esq., aged 6 years and 10 months. On the I'Ith inst., at her son-In-law's. No. r0, Great Portland-street, Portland-place, in the 91st year of her age, Mrs. Hezs Riddle, formerly of Abisgdou-street, Westminster. On the 11tlh inst. at No. 5, Gmeat Ornmond-street Queenlas-qursre John Berthon, aE,., in his 712d year, formeslyoE Rio aedaseiSo, On the llth iat.. at Spenoerflonse, Cobbame, Surrey. after inteaso Ouf ering, Charles Woollettt Boura, -rg., late of Hongkong, aged S8 yeses. On the 11th iust, at 13, Robert-terrace, Chelea, Ann,widovr of Mr. Wm. Arprey. formerly of No. 4, Bruton-street, Eerkeley.squnre, and 1eungest dauaghter of the late John Peacock, RZq., formerly of 69, Bruton._-treet, Berkeley-equame On the 11th iust., at Langley, Bucks, Mr. Feevers, aged 67. On the 12th inst., Emma, only surviving daughter of MLr. Franeis Jese, o- the Albany-road, Camberwe4l in her 13th year. On Satu.-day, the 12th iust, In Cadogan-pl aged 23, bMary Elizabeth, wite of Henry Maitland Wilon, aq-, second son of Henry Wrison, &q.. of Stoewlangtoft. Suffolk, and eldest daughter of Charles Wriothaesyflighy, Esg,, of Mermnden, Warwicksheire,
IRELAND. (FBOX OUR OWN CORIBBMONDMMA DUBLU=, SATURDAY 3koaNeIN. THE TIPPERARY BANiK. It is very positively stated that the romantic taes of MIr. James Sadleir's flight in a yacht, and subsequent pick-up by an emigrmnt ship in the Irish Channel, are the merest strewhes of fancy. It i3 now said, the delinquent took his passage, like ordinary honest men, on board -one of Her Maiesaty's mails at Kingstown aboat three weeks since, and was recognized at the pier by two gentlemen who were fanilar with his personar appearance, and 'who, to make assurance doubly sure,followedhiminto the steamer,and saw him take his place among the passengers with an air' of the easiest suoiclsealmce and most perfect innocence. An order appears in last night's Garette, from the Master in Chancery, directing that a call of 40s. per share should be made on AIr. Wilson Kennedyfor 100 Tipperary Bank shares, and on Mr. Vincent Scully, as the holder of 700 shares. THE %MTINY AT NEXAGH. The disgraceful outrages at Nenagh are happily atan end. The Rev. MIr. Scanlan, the Roman Catholic clergyman, whose intervention to quell the mutiny seems to have been so eagerly sought for by the officers of the militia, has addressed an explanatory version of the affair to the local journal above mentioned, in the course of which the rev. gentleman says,- *' It is certain that the men considered the Government bad broken faith -with them as to the stipulated bountythat to propose paying their bounty at 5s. a-quarter, during the remainini years of their term of service, to men, vho from the nature of the case, could hardly have any chance of receiving it, was a mere makeshift to deceive-that loud murmurs and resolute complaints 'were by all manifested upon this matter, and that the people generally participated in this feeling; even the best informed in such concerns had no hesitation in designating it as a silly and shameful economy, insisting that it was more than worth while, at a cost of 1, 00O. or 2,OOO , to retain to the country, if occasion might be; the services of a regiment, which whatever may new be said of it, did not want a bold 2nd daring spirit to reccommead it.' I would have it plainly understood,then, though there was no difference of opinion as to the injustioe to the soldiers, yet a fifth of the regiment had no participation in the business which has now gone before tbe world as a mutiny, and of this fifth I am satisfied, from going among them, that more than half were infduenced by the idea that to desert the few reckless companions who seemed bent on extremes would be like cowardicen so that in fact the matter in its most foolish features was confined to afew, and these more or less under the influence of drink. All the *while, fron tILe beginnring, not one of any note among the soldiers favoured the proceeding, and by all the greatest personal respect was evidenced towards the colonel and the officers, the clamour for the bounty making the entire cause, and all the exception. I haveno hesitation, then, in saying that to deal with this reiment, as such, on terms different from other niliitia, regiments would be tD proceed upon a false assumption. W'hether infuenced by the bishop, who spoke to the msen at some length, or by the chaplain, or whether in respect totheir offiicers-Ishave heard even those vwho were most determined say that they had no intention of proceeding to extremes, and it happened that the soldiers of thie line did not meet the least opposition on their way to the barrack- gate, nor even at tie door of the barrack; three-fourths of the militia had gone away from the barrack long before; and the childish exhibition of firing shots into the air for half an hour looked like the pranks of a few drunken boys, and was treated as such by the officers and soldiers of the line. It is greatly to be deplored, however, that the firing of a few shots by some straggling militia men against the soldiers on their way to Pound-street barrack made occasion, if indeed any there were, to call forth that terrible discharge of muslketry which ended so fataly-even to inoffensive persons in their own houses. In fact, neither barracks made any serious resistance to the troops; which proves that this melancholy transaction, which has made us nal so unhapp here, means this and no more-was, it right in thb militia to complain of being dism:ssed, not first having received the promised bounty s_and w;as it just in a Governlment to refuse to pay it, and send their soldiers half naked upon the country, a source of jest to all unthinking boys, in their rars i" Tn reference to the disembodiment of the militia, now almost everywhere in progress, the grand jury of the county of Longford have just adopted the following temperate resolutions:- " That we are fully sensible of the necessity for the exercise of a sound discretion in selecting both the period and method to be adopted in disembodying the militia of the county, and desire to represent to his Excellency the LordLieutenant the importance of the following considerations connected with this subject, with a view to the security of the peace and tranquillity of the county .-- " That we are of opinion that the disembodiment of the militia should not be urged on prematurely, or at least until there was a strong probability that the men thus dismissed would be likely to be absorbed in the labour-market. " That there is every reason to believe that many of the men have no homes or relations to return to, from the esxtensive enigration 'which has taken place throughout the county. That, to disembody men thus, without homes to return to or wages to support them, would be, in our opinion, not only unjust and iulpolitic, but tending to endanger the peace of our county and arrest that prosperity we are happy to believe is now existing. " That we earnestly impress on his Excellency the importance of having full and ampl justice done to the troops before disembodying them. Idependent of the danger of discharging so large a body of men in a discontented and unhealthy state of mind, public faith demands that men who cheerfully came forward at their country's call at a period when danger appeared to threateis our national greatness and military renownu, should be treated not only with strict ,ustice, bet with that liberality and generosity which there is no reason to doubt the national voice will gladly ratify. " Grand Jury-room, LongEord, July 10." fAJoe Tiowts XND THE TAILOR. (Fron the Dublin Warde.i) An extraordinary verdict against Sihe Times, at the suit of a thin-skinned tailor, who was the subject of a mistake, committed about seven months ago by their far-famed "correspondent" in the Crimea, has excited some surprise and a good deal of disgust. Every man of common information knows what the newspaper press was SO years ago, and what it now is. Between the two things, except in name, there is no more real resemblance than there is between a street ballad and a "lay of ancient Rome." Take the Adrcs-Tis-, or the Chronicic of those days, and compare them, we will not say with Tiue Times, but with anv one of our modern London morning papers, and deny if you can, with, on the one hand, the hungry and inaccurate smatterin- of news, the stilted twaddle of "Cato," or "PublicoTa," and the scandaloas paragraphs, all capable of literal compression into a single column of T'he Tim7ecs-and, on the other, the masterly amid racy 'leaders," the photographic reflection of all that passes in Parliament, in ourYaw courts, in the police-offices, on ourpublic platforms-the vivid andintelligentcorrespondence, pregnant with animated description and authentic isiformation, from every point of interest in the habitable globe-the prodigious collection of all sorts of intelligence, monetary, theatrical, literary, mercantile-the sagacious and copious criticism-and lastly, the broad sheet of advertisements, telling you where, and for how much, your daily wants or special exigencies in ty best be supplied; and, w-ith this contrast before you, say whether, prodigious as has been our progress in most other things, the expansion and perfection of the newspaper press is not, taken for all in all, the most gigantic evidence of our advancing civilization as well as the most extraor. dinary product of modern enterprise and genius. The traditional prejudice against the press-the remembrance of what it was in its stunted and ungainly infancy-has ceased to influence inteligent men. To its own early imbecility and vices, as much as to Pope's polished surrilities, the preposession, the shadow of which still lingers among a few elderly snobs and noodles, is referable. But no man who sees the highest-born and the most promising aspirants to Parliamentary success and official staton anxiously seeking the means, often at vast expense, of connecting themselves with newspaper property, can fail to perceive that journalism has established its high and recognized position in the estimation of those who are best qualified to judge. But there are plenty of men who, wbile they can neither question the ability, the indepen. denee, or the scrupulous exclusion of personal scandal, which characterize tbe political press of these times, yet hate the press, as mediocrity hates the light, for its legitimate functions-who hate it in proportion as it discharges them well-and who lose no opportruity of railing at its liberties, and, if they happen to have the opportunity, of bearinghard upon the mterests of the nevwspaper press. Here was a case in which no person was named, in which no crime was charged, in which the individual who compiained was reheved at the earliest moment and in the most explicit terms possible; and yet in which a jury, guiided by the refined eloquence of Alr. Chambers, mulets the defendant 400. lt iS quite plain what the judge vho tried it thinks of the case. Le-t us take a bit of the dialogue between him and the Cockney counsel, to illustrate the spirit in which a large and a little minad, a wise and a flippant one, ajust and an overbearing mae, can view the sane case:- "Bdp.ay the costs I is surelya reasnableenough in this caseforthedefedan towithraw chrgeof this character "h-Ii hmes -M"v Lrd, nothing hut lea ding articre shall sat isfy me. I wisubstatial satisfactio "The J tdge.-Ms.. Chambers, you have your adversary down-oought not to jump upon him. "Mr.Chamers.My Lr ,niy a,dvtersary i not down. He is a live lion, and wll wag his tail toorr ing. I shall.go on.,"ct mrig Andon he ent,withot, however, producing the faintest impression upon the intelligent and upright judge, Mr. Justice W illes, who, in summing up, told the jury that- "Where a liel proceeded from malicious motives, then large damages were usually given; but where the libel originated through inadvertence the plaintiff was generally satigficd to accept, by way of reparation, en ample apoloy, and such expenses as he bad been put to. The isotion, in hig opinion, that The Ti2mcs paper had any malicious feeling towards M2r. Smith was simply ridiculous. M Ir. Adams peared to have written to Tte Y aes, and the plaintiff4 solicitor also applied to themn; and they raquired time for the means of inquiry, and upon hearing from the Crimea they publishled tile retractation." .3udge. Willes -is abo*t as high a commonl law anthority as can be cited among living magistrates or lawy ers. WVe are gigal to have his dictum upOnl the point. WVe seell recollect Baromm Pennefather's wise decision upon the new law ofseilitiofl, LwZnSl]t to bier on the press; jsd it ;'4 worthy of Rtmark that-our two most aocomplisled cormon lirdjUdges have caughit from. their noble study acongeuial inspiration, and bive. inter-preted ita principles in the snelibieral and manly 3piri, in which they ire oDnceived. TEIE FTUNDS.* - Threa per Cent, Consols, 954; ditto, for acount, Aig 1.2, 961 ; N~ew Three per Cent. Stock', 96A -96 ; ditto; for amcount, August 12, 96i' A.. RnUiway D)ebentureiL-Dqbjinx and Kingstown Four per- Cent, of 100k. 100 Hiberniiau Bank, 25. paid, 31 ; General Mining 4&iomsy, df - Ireland, 31. paid, 14j 2 ; Wickiow Copper Mine, 51, pxid, -331. Jiiaiways.-Cork and Bandon, W0. paid, 12-1241, ditto, for account, 12 124 4 ; Du'blin sand Belf'ait Junctlon, 457. id46 47; ditto (paid in fuJl), 501. paid, 51j; Dablin and rogbeda, 751. paid, 70; Dablin and Wicklow, 10 paid; 6;Ditto for accoDunt, 04 ; Great. Southern and Western, 50.paid, 50; ditto 4 per cent. preference (pMid u-n full). for, accouont, 201. pad, 19i; Irish South-iiastern, '132. paid 064; Killarney Junction, 101. paid,~ -104;, 'Mdland Gret vestern a-ad Royal CanaL, 501.. paid; for-acoount, 53Hl. ditto, half shares, 2U.- paid; 261 ; Ne Warzren. point, and Rostrevor, 201. paid, 5; Waterfo d :a xil xenny, 201. paid. 51, ; Waterford and Limerick, (iper cent. preference, 101; aid, 10. -
BISHOP of LONDON'S PASODRAL LETTER. The Bishop of London hais addressed the following letter to the clergy of1iis diocess - "Fulham Palace, July 12. ERev. and dear Sir,-A communication has been made to meby the Archbishop of the provinace, s2uggesting that, in-- consequesce of the withdrawal of that source of income on which the Ntational Society has hitherto been chiefly dependent, I should advise, the clergy o? my diocess to raise collections in their churches on behalf of the Society. duringr tho course of the current year. It is also suggested, in his Grace's letter that each clergyman should he *t liberty, if be see fit, to appropriate a portion-not exceeding one-half - otthe collection to the Diocesan or Local Board of Education. " There are at this time many circumstances strongly recommeading these suggestions to our adoption. " Of the National Society it is but justice for me to say that the great educational movement which, for nearly half a century, has been pursuing its steady course, and diffusing more and mnore from year to year the blessings of civilization. and religious trutth throughoult the-land, originated in a great degree wvith that society, and has ever since, uxnder Providence, been sustained by its influence. Hence we find that the nlumber of children at this day in utiona l schools alone amounts to 9S ,27. "Besides contributing to exteud instruction, the societY has done much in various ways to improve it, to make it real and not visionary, intellectual and not mechanicaL "A And, above all, the society, as our church at large can testify, has been essentially instrumental in connecting sound religious principle inseparably with useful knowledge in the education of the people. The society has, by God's help, contributed to resist successfelly the multiplied attempts of philosophical or political theorists to introduce their systems of merely secular teaching, so restricted and so generaized as to be comparatively inoperative. '- It nmay here be prowper for mne to inform you that the chief purpose to which yourcoUections will be applied ny the society is the building of schools and of residences for teachers, purposes respecting which no diversity of opinion can possibly prevail. " As regards the suggestion in his Grace's letter that a portion of the propoEed collection maybe appropriated to the I iocean Board, it will be sufficient for me to state that the funds of the London board are now expended chieflv in obtaining the valuable services of a most judicious as 'well as competent inspector. It would also be of great importance that the board should have meaus at its disposal to assist in raising schools in poor districts to the standard of efficiency cquired for obtaining anmal aid from the Privy CounCiL Small suns, well and timely applied, would suffice in many cases for that purposeo " I cannot avoid one concluding observafton on the imulortant educational crisis which has arisen from a recent 5 oto of the House of Commons. The friends of religious * ducation, who in that emergency defeated a serief of resolu- ions vwhich they considered dangerous, have now an interval of comparative tranquillity which they are bound to im- rove, an opportunity of demonstrating that they possess udicient zeal, and influence, and intelligence to accomplish uccessfu3ily w,hat they have boldly and nobly undertaken. *Ifeedassuredthat your r,adiness to comply with my equest wiUl not be lessened by the peculiar circumstances nder which I make this communsication to the diocess of Bondon. "Believe me to be, rev. and dear Sir, your faithful serant and brother in Christ, "C . J. LO'NDON1
.THE GRAPE DISEASE. TO THE EDITOlt OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In reply to "A Horticulturist," requesting to know how sulphur may be successfully applied to vines that ae mail2ewed I beg leave to Eay applied with a dredager while the inues are wet, so that it will stick to the leaves, is a certain cure. Preventioxn is better than cure, so apply the sulphur before the mildew appearsm I sl be happy to answer any further inquiry through the post. I remain. Sir lner most o1Pdiot. r CaARLES BATES. I C -e-C -C iST. i'.;. 1 sball be bappy to supp'y "' A Hortictiturist" witb ary further parktoular; he desires. Stanford-le-Hope, July 10. TO THE EDITOR OF TH13 TIMES. Sir,-Having seen in 2tc Pintes of yesterday a letter from " A Horticulturist," requesting Wurinnation as to the mode in which sulphur is applied to vines on the continent, I beg to state that, to my knowledge, sulphur has --in many parts of Sicily been successfully applied to vines by a very simple process and at a small expense. The sulphur, after having been reduced to a fine powder. less fine than the so called " flower of sulphur." is applied by means of a coitmmn bellowe, in which near the nozzle a chamber is made to contain the powdered sulphtur. As the bellows, held pretty close to the vine, is wvorked the air passing throngh the chanmber forces a quantity of sulphur throug% the nozzle over the vine. I muay niention that in Sicily vines are cultivated low, near the soil, as in France. not trained from tree to tree, as generally in the kingdom of Naples, and that, consequently, one can " sulphurize" a large number of vines betwvixt sunrise and sunset. I have ktnon many instances vwhere proprietors who have applied sulphur to their vines by the above simnole method during the prevalence of the vine disease have flad a large v intae, while their neighbours' vineyards, "un sulphulrized," have been nearly mined by the disease. The sulphur is generally applied three or four times, once wvhen the vines begin to blossom, once or twice during the growvth of the graDes, and, lastly, then the grapes are nearly ripe. I remain. Sir. yourS obediently. R.J. Mkath, July, ,. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-You are doing good service to the horticultnral interest by inserting such letters as appeared in your yesterday's impression. The mildew is a fungus, arising from a peculiar condition of the atmosphere, possibly from the absence, of late years, of that sulphurous gas which formerly pervaded the air after the thunder which used to abound in the spring, but is now seldom heard. Such is said to be the probable cause, but, at all events, the application of sulphur is the only remedy. This disease sometimes ailects the leaves and young branches, and at other times it attacks only the berries of the clusters, as is the case in my vineries this Sear. When placed under a powverful nicroscope, it presents the appearance of innumerable hen's eggs, which are never, I believe, hatched into insects, but remain like a white plowder, sbrveling and destroying everythinng with which it comes ina contact. The preventive is to apply, in the months of December and January, twice or thrice, at intervals of a vweek, a strong decoction of tobacco with sulphur and black soal), which may be ap plied by means if a brush to the vines in the open air, and bv scattering cn the flues of the vinery a pound or two of sulphur every three or four days in the spring, when the vines are growing, whether the disease has appeared ornot, and after it appears sulphur should be blow;n by the usual fumigating bellowvs upon all the infected leaves, and there suffered to remain, as well as on any diseased clusters. I was advised as a perfect cure to bore a holenearly through the stem of the vine and of the Royal George peach trees (which have always been subject to the same mildew) of the size of a large pencil case and to fill the hole with "sulphur vivum," hammering in a short plug, so that if this operation he resorted to ils Iarch before the sap rises the sulphur wrould be dithered over every part of the tree; but Iam bound to say that in practice this has proved a failure. If some other grape growers will favour tbe public with their experiences of this fatal, disease, and if you will give insertion to their opinions, we may hope to exterminate this fA7 ad;-Ae lrlTIS XTOP, July U. TO TH1E EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In reference to the inquiry of your correspondent "A Horticulturist," I beg to send you a few memoranda, which, if not perfectly answering his question, may be of utility to him and the public. In May or June, 1855, apoeared in a French oisrnail a report of the proceedings of the French Academy of Science, in which it was said that since it was an establshed fa^t that the plan recommended by the bcademy tk O ynears ag o p1S53) for the prevention and cure of the vinetdsease by sulphuret of calcium acted in all wa es satisfctorily, it 4was thought of the ut aost importance to make known means by wbich the said sulphuret of calciuma might be obtatned in abundance. It was then sugalated that the substance knosn as al r.Ii makes waste woepd be the mucst available source * alkali waste, however, being insoluble, it woud have to uder,o-ga chymical change to render it soluble and applicable to be priskled on the leaves and roots paf the vinetree. As a means of making olkali waste soluble boilng wcith flowers of sulphur and water was recommended. According to the abov,, statement "A Rorticulturist" will perceive that it IS not sulahur, hot a compound of sul1 hur tmo d calcium, that is applied to vines. anlkali aste mayb h had i u great quantities and wih It any expense in lpeleastlecupon-Tyne, Glsagowe St. HIelen's, Birmingham, Liverpool, Flint, Bolton, Wigan, Bristol, Masehestfr, and several other places in England TChe samne may9be made soluble vwithout the tedious process cf bolling it with sulphur aind water, by submitting it merely to the simultaneous action of moisture and the tmosphere. The active principle of such a solution C5 S2 and Ca So may he thus obtained in gteat quantities. The physiological similarity *f -tue disacwse of the vine snd that of the potato have ld a gentleman in this neighI our-hood to apply sulphuret of calcium (as above) aginst the disease of potatoes. Hte muanufactures a manure by dlis. solving hoofs, horn, anad hair iu sulphuret of calcium,~- and applies the same to the secds, both as an antiseptic remiedy against the rot, and at the sause the best fertilizer. The exueriment s are s aid to inye; showxn so far the mof'> promising results. - T .-m q;,PT1 > -;, J
A COUBTEOUS AicT of the UNITED STATES. (Erom tlio New Yorkrournal of Coniure.1 The joint resolution offered by ?Wr..Maaon, of Virginia, chainnan of the +Navi Ccuiittee (a son of the * elebrated George VA-son, owas the trusted friend andeomp.son eE Washington), authorizng an- appropriation of $4P,ODO, in order to purchase the ship Reslute, a national wedl of Great Britin, abandoned in the-Arctic Sesa sad found a derelict in Baffids-bay bT some whalem-en, sand carried into New London, Connecticut, has unanimously pssed the Senate, and been seut to the House of Xereta tives for concurrence. We trust it will pw tne latter! body with equal unanimity. The Resolute was aent by England to the Arctic Ses on an errand of mercy, when the fate of Sir John Franklin was. doubtful; was frozein in, during an inclement winter, ad liberated by one of thos remarkable movements of tlie ioe of which Dr. Kane has given an insmettive history. Her savors were Captain Baddington and the crer of the American whaler George Henry. Her iMajesty's ships Asistance, investigator, Pioneer, and Intrepid were 5locked up in the .iA'io seas and abandoned' in the same manuer, and a continuing right to these vessels and the Resolute was asserted by the Lords -Commissioners of the Admiralty, of -which information was given to the United States. Captain BadXdington and his crew, however, made a claim for salvage, and insiated that, although a. Government vessel, the same rules of law applied to the Resolute as in the case of merchant ships. The Brit'ish Government, probably perceiv*Dg that there would be some einbarrassunent about the litigation, and anxious, doubtless, to have as few causes of irritation between the two countries as possiole, informed the Secretary of State that the ltesulute having been Tecovered from the Arctic seas audnaevigatedfrom. Baffin's Bay to New London, Connecticut, by the skill and exertions of Captain Bnddington and the crew of the George Henry, the Lords of the AdmirAlty, as the best - nark of the sense they entertain of Captain Baddington's conduct0 will waive theirright to thevessel, and leave herto Captain Buddington's entire disposal; or if he should prefer giving her up to Her Majesty's Consul at Boston, the Consul will be instructed to sell the vessel and distribute the proceeds of the sale to then salvors. This noble and generous act on the part of the British Government wa. communicated to the salvors by Mr. Marry, bat we learn that no election has been made between the two propositions; that is to say, the entire acceptance ut the vessel, or the sum she should bring when sold, on the. suggestion of those gentlemen in this country who have been mot connected with the enterprise designed for the rescue of Sir Johm Franklin. The alternative of accepting the proceeds rather than the vessel was offered, we suppose, to enable the British Government to obtain this valued relic in the most quiet and acceptable manner. The outlay of the British Government in Arctic explorations on the two coasts of this continent vastly exceeds our own, but yet wve have received in oll and bone from the neighbouihood of Behring's Straits between $,20,000,00 and $l30,000,000, an advantage which onr hardy seamuen owe in great part to the exertions of Great Britain in extending her discoveriesin thatquarter. Batthe occasiononwhichlthe Resolute was sent to the Arctic seas more than any other cause wounld seem to require from us, not only that no advantage should be taken in our tribunals or by our people of the legal ri-,hts resulting from salvage, but thit every duty of hospitality should ba gracefully exhibited in the case of vessels engaged in such a service, and cast upon ou-r jurisdiction by the perils of the sea. She should be sent to Her Majesty in compiete order as an expression of the sense which this country entert,iis of the noble eflorts and sacrifices made to rescue Sir John Franklin, and in the extension of Arctic discoveries. Interchanges of national civilities of this character between :England and the United States tend miuch niore than do their agreement in matters of mtore serious iuiportance to unite the two countries in the bonds of felowship. Many a heart in England has beat with gratitude for that noble act on the part of individuals in the United States which sent the Advance and the Rescue to search for an intrepid British officer, supposed at the time to be alive in the Arctic regions. We have lately wounded the pride of Great Britain in the treatment of an international cocerne; it is to be hoped that the true sentiment of this country and of our Government, of high respect and regard for the British people, may be exhibited by promiptly restoring a national ship which ishighlyprized to thepussession of Her Majesty.
THE CIVIL SER VICE SUPEIRA2 NUATION COUESTIOY,. TO THE EDITOE OF TErE TIMIES. Sir,-I am encouraged by your able article of this day on the civil service superannuation question to trespass on your kindness for tho insertion of a few observations on thr.t subject. Two bills, as you are aware, have been brought in by the Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Wilson. These may be briefly distinguished by their Parli amentary numbers37 and 223-by which I propose to refer to them. The first bill (No. 37) was introduced as far back as February last, and ordered to be printed on the 15th of that month. This bih was a considerable improvement on, and therefore admits the injustice of, the existing, act of 134. For five months have the civil servants been led by this bill to expect at least the full measure cf relief vnich it promised, and of which it is sheer cruelty nlow to deprive them by the substitution of the new bill (No. 22-3). This latter places them in a far worse position in aU respects (save as to the conditional abolition of the tax, if that be a benefit), and this in the face of an unmistakeable expression of sympathy on the part of the select committee who have sat in the interval, and of their recorded conviction, founded on evidence, that the service has been hardly dealt 'with for 27 years by the imposition of an inequitable tax, the abolition of which they recommend. Tho substitution of the new biU (No. 223) is matter of deep disappointment to the civil servants. It savours of a breach of faith, of 'which, it is hoped, the House will not only be fully sensible, but anxious to repair. Is is not a political or party question, but one which appeals to the sympathies of every member of the House and of the community at large. It affects the relation between the civil serv-ants of the Crown and the Government w hoever may be in power, with reference to which the most cordial feeling and good understanding ought to sabsist. Cheerful and ungrudging service is a desideratum which it is of the iglnedt importance to secure. It is difficult to conceive upon nhat ground the promoters of the binl No. 37 can even attempt a justification of'ths new one. The circuamstances are dcfacto the same. Had the tax been unconditionally abolished it might have been Contended with some show ofreason that, by way of equivalent to the Crown for the relief granted, some modication of the provisions of the bill No. 37 was equitable, but that equivalent is secured by other means,-viz, that of subjecting the salaries of the officers to a reduction commeusurate with the tax foregone. Even this is done without any special rcgard to those who have for 27 years contribated to the Superannuation Fand under the act of l834, by which contributions they have equitably acquired a vested interest in the scale to that act-a scale better in respect of those %sho retire under 25 years' service than that which the new biU offers, and further subject to a reduction of salaries, and upon which reduced salalies the retiring pensions wilt be calculated; while those who enter the service after 'the passing of this act will have the samepensions as those who I during 27 years have borne the burden of the tax. The good intentions of the select commbittee on thebhill (No. 37) and the petition of 10,500 of the civil servants who appealed to the House for relief are completely frustrated by the substituted bill. The sufferers, to whom it 'was the object of the committee to exteud further relief, ore Ieft in a worse position than they were inwhen that committtee kirst euterod on its task wvth biU No. 37 and the petition before shemr The hopes of bare relief once offered are dashed to thq ground at one fell swoop. -If bin No. 37 were just when proposed, it is just now. It has, however, proved only a delusion and a snare, and the hopes which it raised having been thus rudely destroyed, unless the justice and good feeling of the House come to the rescue, can be followed but by one inevitable result-the creation of a raukliDg feeling of discontent stronger than has, up to this momuent, marked the temperate appeals of the civil service to the House for a favourable consideration of their hitherto patiently endured grievauces. Seeing, then, that there is no new fact since bill No. 37 was brouglht in to warrant any injurious modification of that measure, it is obvious that that bill, in aU its integrity, save as to the provision for the abolition of the tax, is the leis' that colmmon justice should award to the civil servants of the Crown. The adoption of this suggestion affords the simplest remedy for removing the complicatiun in which the question has been so strangely inDvolved; and it would appearthat no other course commends itself to the considesation of the House with so fair a chance of di'posirg of the measure witlh satisfaction to all parties, aild w hich, if'nio5 thus fairly dealt with, may be fraught with the nost pernicious results both as regards the zoralc of the service and tde interests of the countr. The public expect good service from their paid offlicilaIl and are fully sensible thit it is not to be had if ill requited. Xhe best economy is that fair liberality which secures a siaons.,nd cheerful return.) F las. Sir, Tour nbedient seVnntA - I ;- - LOO1QKB4&'-
MO2Y,vY-2A2ARKT d vIYIr.NTBLLIGByUJB. Saturday Evening. Tho English funds opened this ztioriing at the ]an,npid pnces of yesterday, but,sibasequently expe4enced a slight improvement. Consols for nmoney 'Were firt quoted 95i to i, and. a large purchase on account of the Co6rTt of Chancery having given steadine3s to the market, they closed at 95a to *. For the 7th of August the last transactions were at 96. The supply of money was abundant, both in the Stock-Exchange andout of doors. Consol Scrip closed at 41 to premium; Bank Stock, 217 to 2}8 Reduced, 9 to 96; Ncw Three per Cents., 96i to St India Stosi, 232 to 235; India-bonds, 20s. to 23s. premium ; Exchequer-bonds, 100k toi; and Exchequer-bills, 17s to 21s. premium. L There was little activity in foreign securities, and _Vsices exlibited scarcely any. fluctuation. In lurlkish Six per Cents. the transactions for the -accountwere at1031 and&. The generaloperations -cemprised Brazilian Four-and-a-Half per Cents. f9V>; Buenos Ayre.3 86; Mexican, for account, 23 and 23; Russian Five per Cents., 132A; the Fourand-k-Half Cents., 99 and 98-; Spansh Three per Cents., for account, 45Q and 46 ;- Spanish Certificates of Coupon not funded, 61 and @; and Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., k. The final quotations from the Paris 3Bourse this evening again failed to arrive; but, the transactions in tho Three per Cents. shortly after the commence'nent were at 71f.- 70c., showing an improvement of rin eigthth. The purchases of gold forthe Bank of France continue, and a further sum of about 50,0001. was taken to-day for transmission. the advices fromn st. PetersbuLrg describe a very nctive business in all kinds of produce at advancing prices. The rate of exchange was S3d.,-a quotation -which would not admit either of an exportation orimportation of gold. Nothing definite had transpired with regard to the granting of railway ,nncessions, but the question was being entertained *by the Goverment on a large scale, and several competitors representing nglish and continental laoies were in the field. Plans were also being urged for the establishment of a CrdditMobilier,fbut these it was thought would not obtain countenance. From Riga likewise the letters allude to the great activity of trade. Although 1,00 vessels had arrived and 806 had sailed, a very large quantity of goods remained for shipment, and vessels were exceedingly scarce. The last advices from Buenos Ayres bring copies of the message of the Governor of the State to the legislative Assembly onthe subject of the recent iregotiations for the arrangement of the foreign debt. It announced that the Government of Buenos Ayres, -seeing the necessity for satisfying the urgent desnands of the English bondholders, had adopted a basis of adjustment suggested by the representative of the London committee, which they, the Buenos Ayrean Government, admitted to be perfectly equitalVle. It had been framed, however, in accordance -with the maximura resources of the country, and had mot been accepted, except under protest, by the 7bondholders' commissioner, who insisted upon 'other concessions, to which the Government could not accede. The commissioner had, nevertheless, at the request of the Government, transmitted the propositions to London, and the Government, convinced that the terms would be considered just, felt confident that the bondholders would hasten to authorize him to complete the settlement in the form proposed. At the proper time the Government would lay before the Assembly all the particulars of the business. Meanwhile it could be stated that the capital of the debt amounted to 977,0001., and that the arrears of interest are 1,600,0001. At the zaeeting of bondholders in London on the 2d ult. -the proposal thus referred to was discussed and ap proved, except as regards the issue of bonds for the 4nrrears of dividends, subject to extinction by a Finking fund, but bearing no interest. Onthelatter -point the commissioner was instracted to press for some modifitions. The railway meetings of the week have not been numerous. It is stated that the balance of revenue of the Mlanchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Company will allow a dividend at the rate of X per cent. -,n the ordinary stock, leaving 2,0501. to be carried iorward. The inhabitants of the mineral district on -the borders of Devon and Somerset have passed re-solutions in support of a project to connect that neighbourhood and the mineral line now in course -of construction from theSomersetshire iron works on Brendon-hill with the Bristol and Exeter Railway. -The ratepayers of Dungarvan have agreed to resolutions authorizing the grand jury to talke the neces-sary steps at the next assizes for securing railway communication in the county by sanctioning a gua-rantee not exceeding 4 per cent. per annum on an -expenditure of 6,0001. a-mile. The committee of -shareholders appointed to investigate the affairs of the Dublin and Wicklow Company express their confidence in the ulti-nate value of the line and the cer--tainty of its paying a remunerative dividend at. no iistant period, wvhen the legitimate traffic shall have been devaloped. The dividend of the London and - Oreenwich Railway on the unguaranteed shares has been declared at the rate of 5s. 2d. per share. The gold arrivals of the week have amounted to -about 000,0001., chiefly from New York and Constantinople. The exports have included 121,0001. to Brazil, and about 450,0001. to Paris. The prospectus has been issued of a company for the construction of an adequate music-room at the 'west-end of London. It is to be called the St. -James's-hall Company; and the building will ocCulpy a space betveen the Regent's Quadrant and Piccadilly, with ample entrances in both. It has been designed by Mlr. Owen Jones, and vill exceed nearly all the large music rooms in the kingdom, including Exeter-hall, in length and heig,ht, although not in width, its ieasurement being 134 feet by 60 and 60 feet in height. There will aLo be two minor halls, together with a spacious restaurant, the whole of which will be available for public meetings or festivals. The capital, including a margin of 5,0001., is fixed at 40,000?., in 101. shares, and the annual outgoings for rents and management are estimated at 2,5221. Lord Granville and Mlr. H. Bingham Baring are the trustees, and the provisional management is -ested in experienced persons-namely, Messrs. Benedict, Beale, ChappeDl, Ella, Leader, G. Smith, -and Addison. The absence of sufficient accommodation for bonding teas in the port of London has caused a memorial -to be presented to the Customs, signed by nearly every influential house in the trade, requesting thatc bondin'v privileges may be extended to Beal's-wharf, which 'Ls been recently purchased by Mlessrs. Nicholson, Besley, and Co. It is stated that since -the abrogationof thetradingpowers of the East India Company the imports of tea into London have doubled, while the warehouse accommodation is believed actually to have diminished. It is true the dock companies are now makiDn efforts to enlarge their space, but mearf,hile the most serious -7nconvenience is sustained, 2d it is, moreover, rightly uged that if these companies are allowed by the Customs to extend their capacity for business -accordino, to their own discretion, the trade have a right to demand thatto secure good management and oiompetitioncorrespondingpowers of extensionshould be granted in other quarters. Messrs. Nicholson, Besley, and Co. accompany their application by an -offer to defray any exta expense it m;:y occasion in the collection of the revenue; and the circumstances that the addition to the stock of tea in London will be very large pending the reduction of the duty to 1s. 3d. per pound in April next, and Is. in April, 258, and that after that period a large natural in-cremse of transactions may be anticipated, are mentioned as reasons for an immediate and favourable -decision. - - Meess. ?Calmont, Brothers, and Co. have annouiiced their retirement from theirfirms in Mexico, Vera Cruz, Pernambuco, and Liverpool, and that the business of those firms will henceforth be conjinued by Graham, Greaves, and Co. at Mlexico and Vera Cruz, by Saunder<s, Brothers, and Co. at Perniambuco, and by Mr. Charles Saunders at Liverpool. In the LFondon firm of MCahnont, Brothers, an cO. no change takes place. - The annexed information with regard to the progress of English mining adven ture is condensedfrom the Mining .Jour-nca " Thostandardstilldeclines,andadividend sares in cons&quenco have a lower tendency, with an almost general absence of business in the market. At South Wheat Frances meetinz the accounts showed a balance in favourof adveatuzers of 4,2951.; a dividend of 8. per share was decarecd. At Wicklow Copper meeting a dividend of 1O0. per shre was declared. At Tretoil 7neeting the accounts showed a balance in favourof adventuress of 1,1551., and a dividend of 5,. per share was declared. At the United hines (Tavistock) meeting the accounts showed a balance dueo fran the comspany of 1,4001., and a cARl of 6s. id. per share was made. At PQrran and Great Wheal Icisure 'Union meeting the accounts showed a balance of profit IA o l0fa -8,5.; it waa finlly dotermined Nt dispose of the miine and nazterial, and to sind up. At Great . Hlvas United meeting the accounta showed a hance at banker's of 186Z,- a eallof Gs per share was maide. At E3st Caradon meetingstpe amounts showed a bWlance sst-adventurers of ].424.;-acar of , per share waa made., At North Pool meetin ihe e&OIts showed a balnce in favour of adveatureis of 834 A (a5nant meet. i3g the aecounts showed a balance due to the bank Pt 1644 At South Condurro6wmeeting tihe iccounts showed ablala.0e against thu mine of .7; a cai aF Is. 6d. per shre was made. At South Wheal Ellen meeting the aucounts showed a b~Ia?nce against adventurers of :1.; a 1cal -of 7s. 6d. per minare s made. At DCviock Mood. meetiu the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurersof 47T. Ga cal of ll. per abis wlas made.. At WVheal. Gillmar meeting the accournts showed a balance against adventrers of 4964, a caUef lOspr share was miad) Ait .1Sorth Staffosidshire Ce.nsols meeting the accounts sM6owd a balance in favour of mines of 5251. The Craddock 3£oor acoQunts showfeda balance against adventurers of 2101. TheGonaena ac counts ehowied a balance against adventurers of 214? n With regard to foreign ninijnog adventure the following is the only paragraph worthy of extract:_ "The Alten Association have advies to tEe 23d of June. At Raipas, during the past fortnight, there had been a great influx of water 'hich sras three or four fathoms above the 20; a few days before the water rose to the 29. The back stoge, on Labouchereos lode, hadgreatly improved, yielding good ore throughout. An improvement had also taken pacs in the 10, and, badriotthe waterinterruptd tibe opetations, the returns would lave been more satisfactory than for some tirn past. The Imperial Bramilian accounts reach to the 31st cf May. No fresh discovery bad presented iLself in the mine during the raonth, with the exception of a suall vein discovered in the western section, whnch shows fine gold in the samqple. At Royal Santiago meeting the accounts showed a loss on the hLlf-year ending August 31 of 8,8741., and on the half-year tnding Februar 29 of 7,8324 A resolution was passed to leave it to the judgment of the directors to dispose of the 1a Psz pertinencia,"
RAIL AY INTIMLIGENOZ. -VAQ'MT>-T f.r.Tm1-mT-UC It appears that Mr. Waddington, LP,, the chairman of the company, has expressed his intention to retire from the board imimediately after the next halffyearly meeting of the company. He states that he is not influenced to that course from entertaining any doubt of the remunerative capabilities of the roperty, but from the experience of the last few months, which has forced upOn him the conviction that the legal constitution of the board is ill-devised to secure an united and energetic managemernt. It v;ill be the duty of the auditors of the company to report on the state of the accounts for the past three halfyears. he statements of the accounts, submitted to the shareholders forthe two half-years ending the 30th of Juna and the 3lat of December, 1855, not having been audited were referred to the auditors for that purpose by a resolution of the general meeting of proprietors held on the 8th of March last, and it is expected that the necessary duty will be performned by the auditors prior to the half-yearly gineral meeting in August next. IRISH RAILWAY RETURNS, ADE. U TO E PETVZ DATSN AS VNaDXB. 1856. 1355. lasmeofEaflway. £ a. d& S. a. d. est and Ballsreea July 5 . .. 1,14715 2 .. 935 311 BelfutandCountyfDowu.July6 .. 32311 0 301 7 2 Corkand Bsnden, July 5 .. .. 310 o 4 26113 6 Cork, Blachzock, and Pasage, Ju]yS 424 13 2 . 218 19 9 Dublin and King3town. July 8 .. . 1,918 7 5 .. 1118 12 1 DublinandWicklow,July8 - 57 14 s .. 437 7 7 Dubliaund BelfastJunctien. July 6 1I 1.118 6 .. 1,074 6 9 lnteresteonavanl P.anch -- .. - .. 99 0 0 DublinaudDrogheda, July 6 .. .. 1,602 3 0 . 1,701 17 9 Dundalk and EunislzdMen, July ,. 4721 7.. 27039 4 Great Southeru and Western, Juey 5 -- 7,109 10 9 .. 6,818 19 2 rishSouth-Eastern, July 5 . - .. 30413 3 .. 22917 4 KillarneyJunction,Julys -- .. 42215 1 .. 39713 1 LondenderrysadEnnlcll en.Jny 5 .. 735 6 8 .. 616 2 7 Londonderry and Coleraine, July 5 .. 396 18 9 . 298 18 it llidla dGreat Westeni July 6.. .. 4,02719 2 .. 3,208 15 1 Ulster, July 6 .. - .. 1.43218 4 .. 1,3659 6 7 Waterford and Kilkenny, July 5 .. 36 510 302 9 10 Watorfd and Limerick, July 5 . 1,13419 S 925 211
Tas Nmw LoRD WicoargE.-The Earl of Shelburne, whose summons to the Heuse of Lords in his fatber's baiony of Wycombe, of Chipping Wycomobe, we reeordedl on Saturday, is the only sur vivingson of the present Marquis of Lansdowne, and grandson of the first Marquis, whose ame is- so intimately connected with the early history of the reign of George i., as having succeeded to the leadership of the great coalition after the death of the Marquis of IlockiDghain, in 1782. H(is Lordsihip, who became henr yre sumptive to the Lansdowne title'on 'the death of his effecr brothier, the late Earl of Kerry, in 1836, was returned for the fasmily borough of Calne in 1837, and has continued to rep-resent it since that timne. Ho held t-he post of a Lord of the Treasury from 1847 to 184, and has never takenan active -part in the debates in the House of Commons.Hi wife, a daughter of the Counit doi Flahault, by the Bareness Keith and Wairne, is a near relative of the Emperor of the French. With the exception of Lord Enfield, the Earl of Shelburne is at present the only eldest son of a peer who has been summoned to the Up House in his father's title, Among these who have tr anticipated their perages within the last few years are the presentDukesof Bdford and leeds, thelateDlukeof Norfolk, the presentAMarquises of.Ailesbury, Donegal, and Angesey, the Earls of Lonsdale and Derby, and the late Earl of Bessborough. -In almost every case, however, exeept that of Lord Anglesqey, the tenure Of 'this eldest son thus " susm3noned"l from the Lower to the U p per House has beeni but bsief,. the parties havin& succeedcd to he higgher title in the mnaort ofisacswti -oror five years of theis ele- vaIon. Thepln however, oper:ates usefully srcutn the House of Lords with working men by a species of " life peerage," without making any permanent addition to its THEE A-5=s.cnf XAfms.-Lrvneroo, July 12.-. Tha'Bjitish anid North Amnerican mail steamship Pensi', Judkids commander, sailed hence for New York this afte7rnioon, with a full cargo and 2:05 passengers, nearly all adults, besides the usual mails. CRYSTAL PAIAOE, SEVEN SHLnING AND) SEIXPN-Y DAY, Saturday, July 12Z-Admi,sions on payment, 3,623; ditto5 by season tickets, 7,210i.; tgoW yisitors, 10,724.t
L; BArAYAND MININGS SHA1URES. Saturay Evening. The railway-market was rather heavy, Vrces generally showing a tendency to decline towarau the close of business. lu cases in which sales wrer premed the fal was equal to about 5s. to 1Os. ppr share. Indian shares were sarcely. so well supuorted and other descriptions were rather dull. SLjuiianeous securities presented no important alteratio3, but operations have been less extensive. Australian land aud banldng shares attracted little attention. Ottoman Bank left off at - to ; pm.; "Bank of EgRypt, i to 1i pm. > lational Discount, 1 to i pm.; Riga Railway, 5i to i pm; Pernambuco, 1to pm.; Lombardo-Venetian, 6 to j pm.; Bank o Switzerland, par to i pm; Ceylon Kailway, 2 to X pm.; Bengal, j to pm.; Euphrates Valley, 2 to pm.; New Brunswick and Canada,- to 1pm.; Calcutta and South-Easter, = p; (Western B3ank of Iondon, Ij to 2i pm.; and Mietropolitan Guaranteed, -@ to 1 pmn. _ . _ . _ . _ .I
THE COBN TA4DE. LTVERPL .Tm.T 1° i The returns of sales ofBritish wheat, asper "Gazette," for the week i ending the 5th inst., are 91,313 quarters, at 7li. 7d? per quarter; corre- spondingwveekin 855, 88,195 quarter, at76s. Idper quarter ;eitto, 1854. 460,43 quarters, at 7-ie Ld per quarter. The cbief topic this re_khas tLen the weather and the narrow compass of our stocks, of eve.y article excepting Indian corn, are inL The gale and rain of Tuesday have doubtless caused serious is4jury to vegetation generally. The tem. perature has sO far ruled low, and while the air keeps so chilyand the land so saturated tho plants cannot progress. We require warmth and Eunshine to Precedes good and bountiful harvest. There was a good attendanceof countrs millersatourCorn Exchsngeyesterday, who Were eagerpurebasersotwheat,payingan advanceover Tuesday of about 3d. per bushel on fine and useful zample3 of white and red; secondary Eorts not so much noticed, but held firmdy for assinlr adranes Flour was3taken freely by the town trade at extreme prices, but na quotable advance on American or Spanish, Indian cons vas in less request, and not so good in price as on Tnesday-perhaps 6d. worse, but holders are disinclined to give way much. Best white corn, 31Sb yellow, 29. 6d. to 39s. Egyptian beaus improved Is,per quarter, and were selling at 33s. 6d. per 4S9Ib. Oats and oatmeal bronght filpriesFewbarley and peas here, and held for higher rates. Theo eather is still unsettled, gloomy, and showery, with a drooping tendency of the barometer. No change to obser-e in the price of any article of the graintradeto-day. XOf'GHAI, JuLY 12. During the past week rain has faUen daily, and generaly in very beavy showers. This, is unfortunate, in consequence of the critical condition of the grain crops, wlhich, being in ful flower, are peenlariy liable to injury from storms of wind and rain. or excessive moisture. There is a great appearance of abundance; with fine weather, perhaps one of the heaviest crops ever grown in this county, but much is becoming laid, andwhsn once down there is great reason to fear that its veryluxnriance and abundance liMpreventits rising again, This untoward state of the atmosphere materlaUy affeets prices, Atthismarket to-daytherewas afairsupplyof wheat for the seasn, but the growers refused to sell atless than 2s3to 3s. advance, atwhicn a fair business was transacted. All spring eorn fully as dear. Present prices:-lwheat, wvhite, old, 84, to SSs, per 38 stono; new, Ss, to SSs.: red, old, 38C, to 84%.; newv, 76s, to S i.; flour, super, 59s. to 64s. per 2)stone; fine, 5is. to57s. L-EICESTER, JULY 12. The weather has been variable. Monday and Tuesday were exceedng ystormy, in consequence of which the crops have been in some parts laid. Tho past few days have been finer, and the plant is regainiugitsposition. Ths heavycropshave suffered most. Nevertheless, with a propitious change, there is every probability of a good crop being secured, The effects of the heavy rains are perceived upon the barley crop, but much of the smut is disappearing. Oats have greatly improved. Beans bid fair to be an excellent crop. The reports respecting the pea crop are also encouraging. The hay harvest has been sllghtlyimpeded, but sinceTuesdayalargebseadthof grass has been led. Some of the potato fields have been a little damaged by the frost. The price of fat stoebbas undergone no alteration. At this market beasts were in good supply, and beef realized Oid. to 7id. per lbh bheep werenumerous, andmuttonmade7d, to 7d., and lamb 7d. to 3 per lb. At the corn-market to-day there was a moderate supply of wheat, which sold at an advance of Is. to 2s. Nothing doing In brley. Oats fully Is. dearer. Beaus brought a similar advance. Price:--White wheat, M3. to SIs.; red, 74s. to 7lS; barley, 49s. to 4(s,; oata 3Os. to Sea. per quarter. At Melton 3fowbray, vWth a good supply of wheat, last weels ratesvre. realized, At Market Hiarborough the wheat-market ruled firm. Other descriptions maintained late sates. At Loughboronuh thero wasanadvance of Is, to 2s.in wheat. Beans s., andoatsCd,to Ia, higher. DERBY, JUiY 12. Very heavyrainshave been expelienced, and in many parts wheat and barley have been laid. The latter part of the week has been tolorably fine, and part of that which had suffered has recovered its right position. The reports of the wheat erop on the whole, however, ara favourable. The cold nights, accompaPied hy,rost, which commenced nearlyafortnight since, have no doubt done some misehief but to whatextentisnotyethknom Bright sunny weather will, however, ins great measure redeem this. In the neighbourhood of Derbywbeat is looking promising. Barley has been ILie, but hardly as much as wheat. Tho crop is sti lookini, in mamy districts rather thisL Oats aro improving, but the crop it is thoughtwiU be light. Respecting the bean crop the accounts are encouraging. The wet weather has been I avourable for turnips. The hay harvest has been Partially inter- rupted, but the crops in almost'every instance are stated to be heavy. Potatoes have sghtly suffered from the frost. There has boenvery little alteration in the price ot fat stocks this week. At this market, with a short sispply, beef sold at 6d. to 61d, per lb.; mutton rather higher, being a good demand at 7d. to 7jd, per lb.; Luab. 7Ad. to 8d. At this cormuarkrt Yesterday the show of wheat was small, and prevons prices were supported. In barley there vwa an advAnce of 6n. Per quarter. Oats scarc, and] rather dearer. Prices were-WhSito ;heat, 80s to81z;red,fs.to7785 per quarter; old cata,b33. toeS, ger 2stone: old beans, 48szto tts. perquarter; f1our, 5s. to SOs, 6d. NORTHA3rPO, Jinx 12. - : The weather has been unfavourable for the hay harvest, although a considerabloquantityhasbeenstacked, Upon the strongsoils wheat has been laid, but the fine weather we hayeohad since Tueday has in UnanyinStaneesrestoredit. Barley has also been laid, buthardlyto the same extent as wheat. In this deseription of grain " blaks" ore more numerous than usual Oats, on the whole, look promising. Beaus continue healthy, and indicate an abundant yield. The grass crops were hardly ever remembered to have been henvier. Potatoes have-been slightly injured bythe frost. Fat stOck is without variation this week. At Brackleywool fair 10,009 Dfloeees were pitched, and themajorityof the lots realized 36a to' S3S5 Cd., the average price bein g 36a; the lote were nearly all sold. At Bedford 'wool fair 32,60 Ifeeces wecre pitched; the quality wagood, and the prieos realized ranged from Szas to S3a per tod. At this corn-mearLetwheat wV8 in moderate supply, and the best sorts of white made 7Za. aid red 7ss, per quarter. Barley sold at Im. week's rates In oats ther eWas ery litte variation. White wheat, 7s.to7s; red, 70&sto - 7 *barley, 42s.to ; oats, 2°,. to3D.; flour, SIs to Se per 2 stone, LINCOLN, JunL 12. This cornty has been visited by some vTey 'heavy rain,, and the crops generally have been placod in jeopardy. In the neighbourhoDdof Boston an immense breadth of wheat has beens daid should the weather, howurj, beQ9m hauo tho ,Ppae-t- yUQ Wlls 14 Mt n.earare, be modified 'At spil-4by, And in the fen districts the co baaals mAred Frnt the pats urreports represet the wheat crpasbemirngninnl]atdby, theasns.The frost which aecinred cc the It of this monthhau done damage, wheat buinh lowe and reqvdein hot Weathe. li 0 ikrsPopet moeelt6 Agng asle aloben afetd by the cold and wet weather, hub it is thmhat the injury is acot permanent. oai haem- sifered soinoch, and, although nkot looking so wellsa in aepeTous, ye,%bare meach imporved lately.- Beans and peas promise' sbun. ,*g ery faetrThe cropw that have beealreadY secued are exceceliaey hay- but' thes which reman w iIn soDme disdtrict be ,bs Price of fat stock las slghLtly adrr,aeed it this market with c!.LSAIIg sapply, the heat qualities of beef realird So. ad per xtone-' ziut_ton made,.6d. to 71d. per atone,'At Lincoln Mifidaimnraefair ,thLns was a large sarowo horses, which soldforbigh prlees Steve tcasts were in gooDasupplt and =ade exocelent pries Fat beasta m11ade Sr. to Sr.6da per stone, At hiscon-mrkt, estrdy, hesuplyof wheat wa snail, and peio,js ls.h1ilher Were asked, good qualities of White realizng Sit, and red Its. Bgley brought Ed. maren money. Oats were ratherfirmer. White 'akeat. fl tot5s.; red 7k. to 7k; nets, lOs to lIe per quarter. At the markets of the ditict the pricesof whea6twere much, the same as last week. Lynn and Newark formed an excepiyon, highe rates being in each case obtened, to the extent of Is. to2.. prquarter. At Alford a reduction of is. -s-a submitted to. l)OHOAMTEiT, So IL. fle weather has been for the most pert doll and showery, with cold nighrtsand"onyoccasionalsunshine. Thleprotracted wet and cold are beginning to excite some anxiety. The hay hLrreet is greatly retarcle&i Somie fields of daryer whicht were matn a fortnight ago are stil 00 the pround, and the catting and leading of mneadow grass are generally at a stand.- The wheat crop)is now nearly aLl shot, but the plant makes only slow progres. Those crops which bad begun to bloom at the littereand of In'tweek wero injuredhby the highl winds of -Monday, and many others not inx sofarw-ard a saxte were broken dawn by tkhe windand rein together. Thebhighland wheats and theseontheilight drysells are looking the best, hot all descriptions hare suffer-ed a good deal andthere is a uniform want of warm ripening weather. It is beliered, however, that if such a change should soon occur mnost of the damasge might he in a measure recovered. With respect to the ultimate quantity the impression seems to gain strengtU that the yield, as a whale, will nDt be superabundant. Barley requires fine weather; it is muoni discoloured in Places, butv would atilpr0babiy Produce a preponderance of good malting samples under awarmertemnperature. Oats look well generally,bat, are baskweed. Beans and peas have bloomed proibaely, hut the cold humid weather prevents the frait from setting. Accounts from 2l1 parts speak of the cutting oftfof the potato crophy tbe severe frost on the let inst. The resultis that the value ofrearly potatoesbha increased to-day 50 per cent, above the price of last Saturday. Tuznips hare benefited by the rain. The seed and grass fiMeld which were firet cu-t hare also, imProved greatly, the seconid crap being alreadty very ferward. Attbis mar'ket to-day there was a, geood supply of facrmese wheat, - and a fair show of small samples A decrease in the number0of buyers was, however, apparent. Holders were firm, but trade Woe heavy, although sellers obtained a shade meore money-say,gd. perload (Is. 4d. Per quarter) an the little disposed of. Oats and beans exbi bited little attenation. The prices current werec-Wheat, le, to Its "d per lead of three imperial hashes; fine, 31n, to ts,. 6a. new beans, 1l to 1k 6.a ; fine, l9k. ;old beans, 2Is.; fine, 2Lb; oate~ 21s, to Its. per querter: barley, 4Le to 4ie. The woheat trade in this district has been of an irregular chxaracter. Higher prices have been obtained at one or two of the leading markets, hut inothers onlythorat,ezoflIsatwek-, and in seine instances qaeta, tgoes have receded. Oa6ts, beans, and peas have had an upward tedency wben any alteration has taken Place. The cattle trade has been ltmited to a minimum consumptive do. mndac, ovwing to the high Prices alemanded far both beef andI mutton, the supplies of which continue carce. At our wool fair to-ay themwas not so large a quantity ont offer, andthe weather interrupted bustness. Mlgherrates were waskd but generaly they were net Obtained. Eweseand wetbers, I1CrE.a to 1Us. ; one-third to one-half-hogs, iTs., 3d to 1&k.; one-half to two-thirds ditto, lIe,. to its,. Sd. Nottinighamshire and Yorkshire rather higher. The weather is clearing, and the barometerisfirm. WAKMEELD, Juar IL On Monday night and Tesaday highwinds and heavyratni were experienced which- it is feared will have done damage to the wheat, plant. Therewaswonlyashortrnpply of grain to-dayatthismarket, Fine frech.weat meets a fair sale at an advance of Is. to Is-. per qua,dyer last Friday; far other sorts aslow sale only exists at the advance Barloj Is. dbamre whetpr qslfreerAbusbels 60kb.- X IL X. Esefaffslt.andXKent, white 79 to SI to P3 Red .. . . . 75-73. - 79 Norfolknd obridge, ;m-tec. .. - 1 - Lincolnhl6e andYorksli,white :.72 7 - 783 Red . .. .. .72-76- IS WORCEI3TER0 Joar 12. The maark-et to-day,was fira. There was but a small show of samPles, and farmers asked rather mere money t-han last Saturday. Eu1glishwblate wheat,9k. d.to9 fLs.l, andxed,3.Sc] dtoils. &tjer bushel; foreign, it. 3d. to 9s'. 9d. ; and foreignered, To. 6d to So. 6d. Malting barley stil continues dear-vTiz,. Is, to ZIs iL. and distilling, 4s.i ttots. 9 Per bushel ; beans,Ce.~ to 6ti6dtper bushel-; oats, 4s to 4s.9d.; aud Irish.3s.6d. to 4s. per 391b., vetches,86s. 6d. toi7s. 6d. Per bushel ;whiteopeas,g6s. 2d. toS6s. Ud., and gray, Gs. tog6s. 2d. per busbel. last Worcester averages c-Wheat, £C3 l5st 9d., and barley, 42 6e. per imnperia quarter. At-Bromsgrove market fine English wheat fully supatsortdlate rates, and recond quatity about Is. per quarter lower ; multing barley, 4ks. to 6so. per quarter; Oats, l3s. 61. toi1Ls per S maore; old beams, lk. to Ifs., and new, its. to l9s, per 10 scare. At Tewkesbayu,ymakct, on Wednesday, the supply was chart. White wheat, Vs. to) te. Pd., and red, Is. 9d. to Va 6dt per bushel; malting barley. Is. 3d. to Is.. Sd., and grinding. 4s. 6cd. to. 4s. 9d. ; English eat, 3r. Ccd. to 4s., aad Irislh, Is. 3d. to 39-s4. Sd, English beans, Is. 10s, to it.4d. ; andI foreign Is. 3dtoS5s. ; boiling pens, &s. 6d. toT s., and hog, is. S3d. to it ; malt, Va. to I's. 6dper bushel. OLOCYSTEIJU, oarl. We have had rather free arrivals of foreign grain into Gllecesterthi5 week. Ftrom Barlettaiwe have had 4,137 tomali and 1,010 quarters of wheat; from Sweaborg 1,573 tender oDf barley; from Trieste 4,539 stages of whetat; from Ssloaica 2,654 kI-ogrammes of Indian corn; and fromAneona i,14lquartersoatwheat. The unsettled stte ofthe weather, and the rain and rough winds happening just as the wheat sin bloosm, have had an Influence upon the mareket and wrheat is at least Is. per quarter dearer to-day. English white, 74s. to 77s. 6,r quarter, and red, 7lls. to 75s.; choice Danube, per 4301k., 6it to ~-and Brallow, O2s. toO6ls, per 4lifib. ;Engglsh malting barley, Il2s. to si.; and grinding, Sgs. to 40%. per quarter; English beans, 47s. to 43s. P0 r quarter ; Irish oats, lie. Sd to 2Ie. Ed. per i12ib.;- black, cots, 25e. Ed. to lit.; peas, SOs. to 5ie. per quarter for breakers, and I4ls to 47s. per quarter for gdinders. At Cheltenham-market, on Thursday, Whleat was fim, at the currencies theprneviouisweck. At Stowr-an-the- oldl, on the same, day, wheat averaged £03 3l2s. Ud, and barley ilies per imperia quarter, At Hereford there was hut a moderate supply of samples, the t-rade in wheat was dull, and few sales were miade at late rates. Barley dearer. White wheat, Vso. 5,1. to 10s. per 621bk, and redl, Ve..Id. to so. Cd.; malting barley, Is. &dL to Is. it., and grinding, Is. 9d. toil5s.; oats, 3s. rd.to Is.it; beans, Is. CA. to 6s. & ; Peas,IZs.6d. to 6t6d and Tetebes, So. per C2ub. At Glocister summer fair thero was but a limited supply of stock particularly good beefcand mutton ; indeedl,-there was nenary as much at the weekly market to-day. Sheep soldI well at even highier ratessay, 7d. to71d. Per lb., and aclearancovwa effected; beef, 7d. to %d.; lamb, 71d. to it. per lb. A goad show of heroes, hut natalf ftrst-class sorts, and the prices ask-ed were very high. Piesweepntflad zold welL The weather has Laken an unexpected turn. Monday set in wRith high wvind and rain, and the former has prevailed more or loin all the week-. T-he rainhbarsnot been heavy,but has hindered the progress of Ita)imaking, and there is a good deal of grasa yet uncut. The barley crop is not promising, but the wheat isincar and lookairelL CAMBRIDGE, SULr 12. The weather has again become unsettaled A large quantity of rain fell on Monday and Tuesday, but the croPs donuot appear so much laid as mfight have beenL expected. The reports respecting the wheat crop conitinue favourable. In the Isle of Ely the-wheat hass come into ear most satisfactorily. The bright sunny days ars all in favour of the quality. The thin crops in the fens are looking better. Barley prosents a curious appearance, from the number of buck ears, which may affect the yield. Oats (particelarly the early sowol are lookiug well, breaking fas,t into corn. As yet the blight in the bean crop is not spok-en of. and, having blossomed well, there is a probabilityof a large 3ield. Potatoes, on the whale, appear satisfactory. The bay harvest has nlearly in every instance Proved heavy and of good quality. Fatetoek isstill realizinghighaprices. Storesofbath kinds ae dear. AtEly, with agood supply, fa,tsheep made 4s.litto Is.2dper ilk Beats of 152 descriptions commanded a ready sale, at good prices. Wool is reallizig Gsit per ted. At this cern-market to-day, with a tolerable supply,ihe demand. for :wheat was quiet. There was not much doing inbarley oroGats. prxices: -White whLeat, 7ks. to SOt; redl, 70e, to 7ts.; baLrley, l0s. to 2l e; oats, lie. to 30e. At Royston wheat wvas firm, at an advance of 6cd At St. ,Iyes, with a small supply, wheat sold at a slight reduetion. At St Neot's wheatwas the turn dearer. AtMEy,with alimited show,wheat realized former prices. uBLix, Suar ni. There as aM steadY earm-market to-day, and prices of wheat and oatsawere rather inifavour of the seller; in some instances an advance of 6d. was obtained an the former, and of 13d. on the latter. Indian earn met rather a slow sae without any alteration in value.
Govmshr Armstis AND i INcom-TX.- On Saturdaylast the,Commissioners of AssessedTaxes forthe Greenwich district, consibting of Mr. Thomas Lewin and 3r. J. Sutton, were occupied nearly two hours in boeaing appeals against assessments to the income-tax made upon nearly 100 of the artisans employed at Deptford dockyard, anid in support of which appeals the Hon. G. Denman, barrister, appeared. The learned counsel, At very considerable length, remarked that, as the commissioners were aware, a demand had been made upon those mechanics cmpioyea in Government establishments whose incomes lhad amounted during the past year to 1001. and upwards j This, he contended, was not only an unjust demand upon the men, but a great hardship, as it was onlY by long coutinned labour-in fact, "oTertime," as it was termod-that such anwamount had been received as wages; and, before any liability could'attich to them to pay the tax, he aubinitted that, according to the act of Parliament, the serarage income of each for three years mnst be taken. This had been the decision of the commissioners at Chatham and Sheerness, and if acted upon in the present casesx-eot one would be found liable. After a brief consultation-the commissioners decided that the principle of the average of three years' income should be adopted, thus rendering the present demands not payable. lhe courl was crowded- 'ith mechanics anxious to learn the decison. THE FPIRE -r BoLToh.-We have already men, tioned the fire by which the mills of Mr. Jeseph Ainsworth, cotton-spinner at Bolton, were destroyed between .Wedneday night and Thursday morning. The mills were three in number, and the fire was first discovered in n storeroom, containing some --aluable cottonand cops under the carding room. 3la4ny of the work-people resided in cottagesnear the property, and were prompt in rendering aid on the alarm being given, but the spread of the flames was too rapid to be obstructed. Six fire-engines were brought.to bear upon it, butwithout effect, and the only poron of theextensive premises saved were a detached scutching-room and an engine-house. Thera was a large stock of Sea Ilnds cotton in them, which was very costly, and the totl loss is estimated at about 45,COUl, which is almost whollY covered *Dy insuranecs. TUnfortunately, nearly 500 workpeople wlU be tbo2wn out of emnrloyneat by tha 9amity.
- STATE OFTDE' - I CHMST19t, JuLY 12. The marke ix not so VaIVe lit there is Atlli a iiodera, demand for-noet kinds Of cloths, nd pricec ae .ire. Ro descriptions of long clothx have been in greater reqr.At ,am the lower qualiti ofT loths still meet witha fair ed6nm Frinting cloths ae-steady in prics, bat Ddot minuc in request. For 36-inch shirtings thrc i a toerably., free demand, and a a1l advance has. been obtained in. some cas 1n40.ineh Alirt there is lees inquiry: bnik. maklers hold some nfini&e contracts, and, stocks bein-$ light, the prioes ot thesegoods are fir. The market for; yarns has undergone nio lteaaion. The home trade h$l bought prety fr , bnt lve rfrined from ything lak. speculatve busines,, BlBGf, JT=,Y 12 The conclrding meeing of the iron tade wa held at tliirotel, Dudles, this evning, the attendnceebeing more than' usually numerous. The feling of the market corresponde4'with that exhibitod at Wolverhampton and Birminghasn.r. iA few of the large hoe of the district are full of Zoodorders, but contracts generally have not been entered int so freely or so extesvdly as waexpected. Still the prices' of materials and labour and the prospects of an increael continental and &merican trade, combined withthepreaent. steady but moderate demand for manufactured iron, fulr. justiied the first makers in maintaiinglt quarteesquota.z tions. Thepriceo°fpigaftsrslneag dseadyreistancecs' thoepart of themakers,hMasatlengthgivrenway,and Stafford-' shire are now quoted at about 7s. Gd. per ton le3 than at the commencement of lat quarter. Atthe quarterly meet-, ing of minera proprietors held at Stourbridge yesterday nc Alterations of price were announced Iron and limestone were remarkably firm, but, notwithstanding, a moderate amount of business wa transacted. There ws no chsnga In the price of co-as for the London and other distat rnar-n kets, and some parties ar shaly beginnng to layin winter-, utocls. The car,ying trade tEroughout the district wasrepresented to be extremely 3r:5, which did not speak welL for ihe heavier branches of manufacure. The prices of metals appear to sympathize -with eacb: other. Last week anunexpected reduction ws- announoedin the price of copper; and yesterday circulars were issued intimating a still more unexpected reduction in the prioes of tin. Common blockl and 2ngots now stand at 129s. per: cwt.; common bars, lDs.; refined blocks, 13G&., egrain blo;ks, 139s.; fine grain ditto, 146e.; fine grain bars, 148g r and fine-grain granulated, LS0s. This reduction, like thatof copper, will affect the prices of manufActured articles tv the estent of at-leeast 5percent., and for a time will create consiaerable inconvemence and annoyance mong themnanufacturers of Binuinghain and Wolverhampton. Thar price of steel has likewise faLen, but the cffect will be felt to a greater extent in Sheffield than in Birmingham. The' holders of heavy stocks of manufactured goods of theseo oaaterias in Birmingham will be the chief snfferersby these- reductions; but fortunately, owing to the reluctance mani--' fested of late to the meake of articles, except for immediatea requirements,stocks are not so large as thev were a fewyears ago; and if another advance should ta--e place, as by-, some expected, the loss will be comparatively insignificant.. The settlements of accounts among the Birmingham mann-- facturers for the lst qurter have passed off satisfactorily, and credit generally has been well maintained. Business is' languid among the wholesale ironmongers, and little im-: provement can be expected until the orders for autuur and winter have fairly set in. For farming implements' there is at present little call: and the edged tool business (if those in connexion witb the heavy steel toytrade be excepted) is unusually dulL For the home- market or the conntry trade the demand is, however, im- - proving, and for the West India colonies some orders haver been given out by the Liverpool houses. The heavy steel toy trade (hammers, &c.) is extremely busy and more than one establshment is upon over time. For South America there are also heavy orders in course of e.ecution. Electric wire is in 'especial requesL The gold and silver smiths of the town are generally flat, the London trade having fallen offto a considerable extent. The great foundries at Smethwack are .ot over busy, buf-. somne branches of thewe establishments are in fair employThe sheathing and tube businesscs continue, however, to bet actively engaged. At Spon-lane the great glassworks, are producing an average amount of window-glass, but thel snanufacturers of wares of best qualities for table serviceare doing little. The glss chandeher business is representei to be more active than ayotherbranch,the demand being grea tly for the Mediterranean and E3stern trades, and good wrorkmen are in reegat. In the imme-- diate neighbourhoo oS Dudley the i,ron-foundries are re- presDted to he busier than in. other parts of the district- - Seyersl heavy local contraLcts have found their way into thee neighbourhood, andkeep the works in good employ. NiOTTINGHA, JuLr 12. There has beera slsek week in the lace warehouses, owing - to tho cessation of purchases on American account, and it. being yet too soon for much to be doing for thenext season's home and German trades. The tone of the local market is of the most cheerful description, fer, notwithstanding the - slackness spoken of, large quantities of plain nets and immense assortments of edgings and quillings continue to be forwarded to the various seats of consumption. Fashion during the present and past seasons has been highly favourable to the M'ottinghem lace trade, and there is every appearance of its continuance. The demand for hosiery has slightly improved, and it iv anticipated that doniestic consumption will continue to improve, eand that there is the prose of a good autuesn demand. There is also a fair sprinig of shipping orders. and, onthe whole, local machinerymay be said to be well employed. The trade of IlottiaghLam is now vrapidly extending, andit is one of thechief seatsof manufact , i industry. Cotton yarns ce;anbe purchased Gd. to ls. per 10ib. under the last prices. Wools remain firm. Spun silks have advanced 6Id. per lb. fut12. IMhCESTER, JuL 1L2. The hosiery trade remains dull, although there is rathermore doing for the home deasnd, some purchases of wool having been made, and orders given out for that branch. At llinckley and in the country districts the same dulness is manifest, and operatives are suffering from the high rate of provisions. Wools are firn, and slightly on the! advance. M LE S,.JuLy 12. The wooJlen cloth trade continues moderately active, audl, uponthewhole, it is in a satisfactory condition. In anticipation of a fall in wools at the senes of sales which com-- mence in London on Thursday neat buyers do not operate, freely, and those who have visted the warehouses haver purchased rather to meet immediate demands than for thee autumnl and winter trades. Goods suitable for the faU of the vear, however, meet with tolerably ready sale, if theirstyle-be new and the prices low but the ordinary and better kinds rather hang on hand. Whatever range of prices mey be established at the wool sales, more activity ine the cloth trade may be anticipated, as the existing check ta business will be removed. To-day's markets have shown - someimprovement, the attendance of buyers being considerable, and they purchased with more than imanl spirit, At the close a large bulk of cloth of all kinds' was removedl from the halls. Wool continues steadyin price, and a slight increase is visible in the demand for combing kinds. 'fhe stocks on hand of clothing wools are greater in this district than at the same period of 1855; but not at aU in excess of the average consumption. The reports from the worsted districts-Bradford and a alifaxare more cheering. A better demand prevails for yarns an8 pieces, and less inclination is shown to stop mach'inery or shorten the hours of labour. The only Yorkshire wool fair to report is that of York, held on the 9th inst., at which' there w as a good show, and fell prices were realized. NORWICH, JULY 1 The shoe trade here is extremely active, and placards have lately been issued by the principal employers offering Increased wages. The manufacturing trade is uiet, butr The population are upon the whole wegl employed, and ther amount aended by the guardians in outdoor relief hase been steadily declining of late. At the corresponding period. Of last yoer it WaS sightly on the increase. DU1BLIN', Jun 12. This, though a wVeek of broken weather, has been very fair for business, even though prices have presen-te az aspect of increased finmness, caused by a good demand for most articles of consumption. At Smithfield-market on Thursday there was an active English demwan, with a decided advance. Theprovision-m rkets were dull, and no changeaoccurred in pricesr The Costorn?veceipts forther week were 20,850L., aginmst 16,2261. last week A ad business was trof cte on the Stock-Exchange, without any remarkable fslctuations. BELFAST, TJULY1I, ineax-Thecovunents inthe linenhtrade have b een prettl y satisfactory. The deaomd for white os is healthy, nt - the foreign trade continues to be limeted to orders. frolt - mar kets have heenlbetterattended. The quantity of goodren-' liibitedat Armagh, Tandragoee, and Lurgranwasinexcess ofthe' ugsuelaverage, and ssleswent offastisfactorily. Ballymena wa p>retty active on Satuday last. - The quantity of goodat tined out of the looms is iargerthafor came months past, rland prospects are considered-tavourable. Blas.-The country markets have been but poorly supplied,the stocks in farmers' hands havin7gbeennearly cleared. off Allo'ffered ws bought up at previous prices with- eager-~ ness. The newmsfrom The-country confirms the report of the healthy appearace of the nelr crsp. Foreign 9lax isheld firmly. Cotton.-The cotton trade ha sbeen subjected to fluctuation for the last two or three monthls. Gray goods seU - slowly in the local market. The demand for fabrics in ' Glasgowr continues fair, and the agents of those houses givetheir usual large employment in the north of Irelafld. -o change inthe fancy trade. Sales are quiet, bult thlD pros.;* aot fezfflbuainese in thxautuun.an wlintermenoltha are - 'bte.Yarns show no decese in 'vlue.
Gas WATER A FERTILIZEB. TO TIHE ED1TOR OF THE TIM3.- Sir,-Will you allow me to state, in refereno-to apAr-: graph in the letter of your Marseilles correspoident pub-- lished in your Tuesday's number; that Mr. C.,1Mrucb, or Sandal, near Doncaster, has now growing on :hix farm &. large breadth of 'wheat which has b)een irngatl with as; water with the most satsfactory remilt. The farmers iiC> the neighbourhood say that the effect is surorirgly god.. It is not my busineas to say wliether (as your corXepCondesuL intimates) IL Orange, of Aix, be the discoverer of this new' fcrtilizer, bue Ifhi2k it is but just to let your readers know' that the above enterprising gentleman in my own neigh-: bourhood has already lhgely availed himsef of its beneilts: T an - --nn -- o. : - 5 4. IL .? Doncmter, July 10. BRISTOL SUGA-Rx-ARrT, Thday, Jua1,1- -T imuroved demand motioed in onr ls5t report laill oontvnxes,!aNthe brokers' offio have been dy elesmd -o£ biob groy and rni t ery fi rate to III .r cw advanoe, bct whick rket cioes f£ny. 'The e suptly.tothis peri be unusually-ort, especs1IYl of' 7.01t Indi of tlw rei.iKs Bqlum'U in *41 .atmdi ipmprvd rates :
LONDON, MONDAY, JULY 14, 1856. To-day Lord Jomf RussEr is to bring before the House of Commons a motion on the state of affairs in Italy. It is seldom that at so advanced a period of the swssion either branch of the Legislature is willing to listen to discussions not immediately relating to definite measures. With but a few days to elapse before the prorogation, and with important bill; calling for attention, Parliament, conscious of having produced leas than the usual amount of serviceable legislation, may well be impatient of spending a sitting on a debate on foreign politics; but so critical is the state of the country which wiU be the subject of discussion, so momentous are the events which may occur before Parliament again meets, that wo believe neither the members nor their constituents will grudge the time demanded by the motion, should it elicit declarations from Government calculated to advance the cause of freedom and constitutional rule in the distracted peninaula. If the British Cabinet has obtained any information, or resolved on any course,-if there be the slightest hope of improvement from the policy of the Italian sovereigns themselves, or from the interference of foreign Powers, the nation will rejoice to learn the fact; if, on the other hand, the present system, which has been for years becoming more oppressive and gloomy, is to continue without any hindrance except from the indignant criticism of the world, leb us know at once how little the hopes of humane men are to be satisfied, and the promises of politicians fulfilled. The position of Italy has now become a matter of consideration even to the most exclusively domestic politician. For many long years the English people have Bympathized with that country, but, in obedience to their advisers, have refrained from interference. During that time the Italian cause has conquered the goodwill of all classes and creeds among us. At first we were told by a large and influential body that thQ wrongs gf italians existed oily in the complaints of a few fugitives, whose alleged perseoutionswere thC exaith their own folly or crime.. It wma irged that the masa of the people had notbin1g m common with the orators who presumed to represent them, and that, even if they sympat hized, -their scheme of Italian unity was as visionary ai 'te Irish phantom: of repeal. But as the cry continued, and grew d-lly deeper and louder, other arguments were brought forward. .The legal right of the Sovereigns and of their 'Austrian supporters was dwelt upon as an inde-. feasible claim, and the danger of disturbing EuIrope painted in striking colours. But Europe has since been not only disturbed but convulsed, and that not by the insurrectionary fury of any Repub. lican party, but by the ambition of a potentate in strict league with the representatives of power in the Italian peninsula. We are, then, released fro,m -any conscientious scruples with' regard to the manifestation of at least sympathy for the cause of the -Italians. This country has construed the alliance with France as a league for something more than the mere deliverance of Constantinople. This,- its first and most pressing duty, it accomplished by mean,s of, arms ; but -there are other aims which, while they do not at present call for any such display of force, may yet occupythe minds of statesmen, anddemand the assent of tho people. It is not too much to say-that at this ,moment the state of ltaly is, next to our own domestic concerns, the question of deepest interest to th Englih people. The adherence of Pie&mont to the alliance increased the popularity of the war, the Notes of the Count DE CAvouP. have been. read everywhere with sympathy and a high degree of pride at the courage which they display,'-asid it is again and again demanded whether the year of the Conferences is to pazs away without something being done in the calse of a nation to which Europe owes a. reparation for so many years of neglect. - At this 'noment a tremor of expectation runs throughout the oppressed land. The position taken by Piedmont has introduced a new element into the calculation cf Italian Liberals. As far as externals go, nothing is altered,-nay, matters seem merely to be sinking daily from bad to worse. The recent trials at Naples show that the unhappy KINGL is determined to proceed in his course of tyranny. Under the administration of Cardinal AxTroxsxw the Papal States give no hope of even distant improvement. Florence is as bad as ever. The Legations are firmly held by Austrian troops, while the IombaidoVenetian territory is being rapidly flled with soldiers, ready to repress any movement which tyranny, carried to the highest pitch of endurance, may be expected to call forth. Yet, though darkness seems thickening over the land, there is light from the one free con3titutional State wlhich shares in the Italian name, language, and aspirations. A portion of the Republican party is now ready to adopt the leadership of Piedmont in political matters, and to acquiesce in the existence and even the supremacy over the whole peninsula of constitutional monarchy. Mzzwfs agerts are, it is said, still desirou; of creating a disturbance; but the partisans of this revolutionist are much diminished in number, and more in moral influence over their countrymen. So much do the attempts of the extreme party tend to strengthen military rule that there are not wanting those who attribute them to the instigation of the Austrian authorities. Naples is, indeed, in a precarious stato, for the settled discontent of the people may at any time break out into excesses the more violent because the present Government forbids any moderate expression of opinion. But, as a general rule, Italy waits for the guidance of Piedmont, acting under the advice of England and France. it seems now generally felt that Italian.liberty cannot be secured by any outbreak of an insargent democracy, but must aggregate itself round the nucleus which has been already formed in the north by a State strong enough to take a leading part in the concerns of Europe. We may ask, then, not through any idle curiosity, nor from a mere love of finding fault, but L-om a deep sense that this is a great opportunity, what support British representatives are giving to the cause which their countrymen have at heart? We have no wish to tun our :Ministers at foreign Courts into intermeddlers or demagognes, but there certainly seems to be a course that they might, take without trespassing on the rights of the Sovereigns to whom they are accredited. They will only fully represent the -Government and people of this kingdom when to the limits of their abilty they impress on the Courts of Rome, Florence, and Naples tho necessity of in some way changing their traditional policy. These Governments, like most others, particularly in Southern Europe, chiefly judge of intentions by outward behaviour. England is represented to them- not so much by the despatches of its Ministers in London as by the actions of its representatives in their own capitals; and if King, Duke, and Camarilla take this view, it is still more likely to be that of the people, who have access to no secret means of intelligence, but judge an envoy and the nation which sends him by his manner, his apparent zeal for or against them, and the opinions which he lets fall in his daily intercourse with the world. Now, it is said that the BritiEsh Ministers at Florence and Naples are by no means warm in the cause which the great body of their countrymen have espoused. On the contrary, these personages are reported to have a deep sense of the error that Englishmen commit in sympathizing with Italian liberty, and to have no scruples in lamenting the delusion to courtly listeners. A representative who behaveswith marked coldness to men of liberal opinions, who avows his approval of Austrian domination, and professes not to encourage the notions prevalent among his own countrymen, ishardly likely to further the constitutional cause' in Tuscany, or to induce the Porz to rule so as to dispense with the French and Austrian occupation. We can well understand that the mo-e sensible advisers of such a potentate as the GEAa, DuEz should be anxious to secure a lease of power even at the expense of the old system and the old aliance. Not only do the people look to England and France, but their rulers, wise in their generation, do not fail to see that monarchy in Piedmont has gained much by an union with the West. A Tuscan Mfinster is therefore not unnaturally solicitous to stand well with the two Powers, even at the cost of some separation from Vienna and some weakening of the so-called paternal system of government. Such a feeling it is evidently the duty of a Britishl diplomatist to encourage. What, then, if it be true that Lord NoRnsAsBy, RER MAIJusTys representative at Florence, makes no sign, but rather gives it to be understood that he is personally in favour of all that is established, and of the great Power under whose protection the Grand Dukes have hitherto lived ? The French representative is said to be far more ready in his encouragement of any traces of liberalism which may appear in the conduct of the Tuscan politicians, and to him is owing whatever independence of Austrian authority has been lately. shown. But both at Florence and Naples the. liberal cause receives, if rumour be correct, little countenance from the Ministers of Great Britain.. They no doubt duly transmit the despatches of the' FonRzIGN SEcRTARY, and make the observations which their instructions direct; buat they carry out rather too far the maxim of the French diplomatist as to the undesirableness of zeal. Now, we think that the public at the present crisis expects more than a mere perfunctory dischargo of dutie3, and would especially regret to hear that any hazm to the Italian cause had arisen from the autocratic sym. pathies of an English Minister. We trust that evory servant of the CRoww, both at home and abroad,- will endeavour in this matter to advance a cause which is founded on justice, and has received the approbation of all right-thinking men.
When- the iirst Emperor Anxx was in England it was with great difficulty that he could be made to understand the nature and duties of a Parliamentary Opposition. When it was explained to him that the members of that party were suppoRed always to point out the errors and deficiencies of the actual. Administration, he replied by simply inquiring whether " it would not save both "time and appearances if they pointed them out "to the Minstry privately, rather than in the face "of the Senate and the world." We doubt not that the present Emperor will be of the sname opinion as his grudsire, when he reads, or has read to him, the speech delivered by. Lord LnsD=sT on Friday evening; and, indeed, as far as any good result is concerned, a private conversation with Lord CL&RsmnoN would have been as effectual as the eloquent speech in which the veteran statesman enlarged on the in3uries of Poland :and the contiimelious condonation of her master. Certainly the subject was one which weU might warm the enthusiasm of one less hearty tharL Lord LYNOnVnSTr. There is no chapter in the history of civilized nations so full of humiliation as that which includes the annals of Poland. The original partition was an infamy, but an infamy of a long time ago. The Congress of Vienna is a more recent event, but its associations with Poland are not less infamous. It promised an independent kingdom free institutions. AlR these have been wrenched away by the representatives of the Monarch who guaranteed them. They are aU gone; Poland is a name; its substance is absorbed in Russia. The Pole has no country, unless he adopt Russia; and the world is expected to bow with admiring ihomage before the clemency of the young Emperor, who, on granting an anmesty clogged with nudefined conditions, appends a warning which precludes all hope of nationality :--" Above all, entlemen, no illusions ! No illusions ! I can I reward, but I can also punish." Yet what could intervention do? Tlle day for interference is gone by. If there ever were a time |when the States of Europe could have mediated to prevent the consummation of a great injury, it was-in 1831, when the western nations Iwere still glowing with the fever of the last I French revolution, when the French Chambers were enthusiastic for the independence of Warsaw, and when, by the aid of a moderate force, DmSINsxi might have given a different turn to the fortunes of his colmtry. But the opportunity was not seized. I'he Frenchl. overmuent were less earnest in - theirkVympathies than the I French people; and theEngsishaarnent were unwilling to make a demonstration against Russia. Nor was the other opportunity seized which was opened by the recent war. As our friendship for Russia bad formerly prevented, so now, when Russia was our foe, our alliance with Austria again prevented us from combining -with France to restore their national existence to the Poles. The past, indeed, is sufficiently clear to justify us in predicting that, whatever o4ther events time may brin- forth, an armed intervention in behalf of Polish liberty is not one of them. We have lost two opportunities. France, who could have gained more by them than we could, has lost them too. To us it was a matter of sentiment alone; to France it was a matter of interest and sentiment. A new barrier against Russia, a new line of offence and defence against Austria, a source of ready recruits from a natiorn historically and intuitively martial,-such were the fruits that France might have reaped from an open and deliberate championship of Poland. But she was content to forego them; and what nation now will throwl down the glove in her behalf-will Iencounter the risk-s of a new war and a new un- settlement of Europe ? So much for the material prospects of the case. It is a hard thing to writo and a cruel thing to ponder on, but the fiat seems to have gone forth that for Poland there is no resurrection. She is numbered with the dead as a nation, and she can never more appear on earth in the seeptred splendour of her former greatness. But, while we record this with sympatly for the sorrows prompted by so sad a fall, we do not think the destiny wholly unmerited or wholly unmitigated. The judgments of history are generally just judgments. The life of a nation outlives the life of a man, and in its circuit comprehends that retributive award which is seldom meted out to the career of an individual. A bad, treacherous, cowardly man may go to the grave in the plenitude of wealth and character; a good, brave, honest man may die sullied in reputation and maimed in fortune. The right reward comes too late for each. Not so with a nation ; it endures for many generations. It creates a future for itself, and colours that future with its own character. It reaps what it has sown; it receives what it has earned. Can any one, looking back to the past, venture to say that the present condition of Poland is out of keeping vwith its antecedent history? What was independent Poland? A nation governed by an aristocracy, brave indeed and chivalrous, but disunited, factious, and tyrannical, oppressing their own serfs and selling their elected monarchs. Had Poland ever been a united people, she might have been what Russia is now. It is not so many centuries back since to any thoughtful mind Poland must have presented more chances of prosperity, strength, greatness, and empire than the rude and uncivilized Muscovy, whose name was hardly known in the Courts of Southern and Western Europe. The Polish nation, which impersonated the energy 'of the pure Slave blood, altermately despised and repelled the rival aspirations of the barbarous Russians, whom it was near reducing into dependence. The reversal of a doom which seemed so certain must be ascribed to causes which have continued to iniluence the fortunes of the two kindred but anta gonistic peoples ever since. As it was to the action of individual freedom that the long superiority of the Lithuanian nation was due, so it is to the vigour of-political organization that the origin and consolidation of Russian power is due. The Poles were great in despite of their imperfect institutions; the Russians became great by virtue of institutions created for them. As the versatility, courage, and capacity of the Poles have survived the fall of that weak Government which carried the seeds of dissolution in its frame, so the scheme of the Russian autocracy has Imitted. together the hete- rogeneous materials which makle up the Russian .empire; and in this will probably be found tlhe best hope of the Polish- people. Incapable of agreeing among themselves and establishing a national government on the basis of harmony and patriotic self-denial, they can yet gaide and govern an empire which contains more elements of identityand attraction than of dissimilarity and repulsion. Unable to be apeople themselves, they may be the leaderz of another but not alien people. Unable to submit to the self-inmposed terms of a free constitution, they may temper and mould the government of a Sovereign whose ambition is as boundless as his empire, and whowe empire depends upon the abilities anl valour of those whom he employj. Ancient Greece avenged the spoils of Corinth by rearing the splendours of the Capitol and introducing the graoex of domestic life into Rome. Modemn reece is avenging a lavery compared with which that of Poland is perfoot freedom by the sient and cortain subjugation of Moslempride, ignorance, and indolence to Christian knowledge, industry, and shilL "The hkirligig of time brings " about its revenges," and in their course it may be reserved for the Poles, vanquished, nationlem, and dependent, to repair the wrongs of a country which could not remain free because it would not remain united, by giving to their conqueror counsellora who will not transfer their -serviceo to a foreign Court, like WArwss, and soldiers who Will not turn their arms against their own fatherland, lik-e Pasnswrrs-HI
The past week has been diversified by the explosion in Parliament of a xeal genuine Iris row, of the fine old Irish cast, such as may remind some of us of the glorious days oi DAxm UCozmEa and Seijeant JA,Lxso_, - of 31kr. SHAw and Baron SxrH. - The visitation has come u,pon us suddenly, but with all its ordinary concomitants. There are charges and counter-charges; "gross 'misstatementsV andequivocal explanations; challenges to do this and defiance3 to do that'; each party challenging the other to come on, and each, in the very height of his fury, displaying no inconsiderable amount of instinct. The rareness of such an occurrence-for we have not had a really good apecimen for at least a year and a halfthe ligh ranlk of the disputants, both lawyers, both Privy Councillors-the one the ArromnrwGmmtLs, and the other the DAsmrt of the RoiLs for Ireland-lend additional raciness to the, discussion; and we may fairly hope, from such auspicious beginnings, that the twelfth book of this modern epic will be as active and spirited as the first. We will endeavour, svith as much coolness as the heat of the disputants permits to the impartial narrator, to state the case in a manner to give the public some idea of that which both sides have hitherto rather kept out of sight-its whole bearings and merits. Early in the month of February of this year the Tipperary Bank-, under the immediate guidance of Mr. J-rEs SaDLEI, issued a prosperity report, declared a dividend of six per cent., and alotted a bonus to the shareholders of three per cent. more. Then followed the suicide of Joaw SADnnm and the consequent stoppage of the bank, the declaration of insolvency being filed by the same JAS S-4.xDx-him, we mean, of the dividend and bonus-oDly three weeks after that declaration. The case was heard before Mr. MXuRs., one of the M1asters of the Irish Court of Chancery, and he, strangely enough, absolved all the managers of this most fraudulent concern fromL any imputation of fraud. The 3Asr of the Rorjs reversed this decision on the 5th of March, stating circumstances highly crininatory-of JAms SADLER. In the latter end of MIay the MAsrEn of the Rors expressed in courtt is unboundel astonishment that the Irish Government had not talken up the case. On the 14th of June Mr. Jom;- SADum's celebrated letter was made known. About the 17th of June Mr. J&s SADxRx abscDnded, ana on the 20tlh of June the MAsr= of the Roars gave judgment in the case of the English shareholders, inveighing in the most unmeasured terms against the Irish Government and the Irish law office. These are the grounds of the quarrel. We are now in a condition to turn to the quarrel itself. On the 5th of July Mr. FhrzmtAsD was asked in the House of Commons why the Government had been so remiss in prosecuting JAAEs SADauu, and in answer to this question he said that the reason JTArs SADLR= was not in custody w-as the alarmn created in his mind by the expressions in the judgment of the MAsTSR of the RoLs. He further proceeded to say that the proper course would have been for the .SSTER of the RoLLs to send the evidence on wnich he relied to the law officers, or, in his capacity of a Privy Counceillor, to inform the Loin-Lnurz-xNr.T tnat a crime had been committed, and point out the necessity for an investigation. Since then the MAsTER of the Roirs has twice taken the opportunity afforded by his position as a judge to attack the ATToRmY-GmeazRA and defend himself; and on Fiday last MIr. NAp&n brought the case before the House, coming forward, as he said, to defend the MAsrER of the Roas from the charge of disregard of his duty as a Privy Councillor. Mr. NAPIR had been furnished by the MAsRn of the RoIrs with a copy of the charges preferred against Mr. FxrzGpanD by that judge in open court, and they appeared in a second edition of the Standard on the very day they were delivered in Dublin; but Mr. FTZGzERAiD had no opportunity of seeing them, and M1r. iTAPEi insisted on forcing on the discussion, thus sBe cu?ing a move in advance by printing in the same newspaper with the debate an elaborate charge of negligence against the Irish A=ousvm-Gznu,to which it was impossible he could give any answer.] Later in the evening, after time had been given to read the statement in the Standard., an attempt was made to induce Mr. N"iiR to bring forward his charges in a speeific shape-an attempt which appears to have been entirely unsuccessfuL So stands the matter at present. As regards the AzrosnaY-GmUN L for LIeland, we confess that the statement of the &srExn of the RoLLs is calculated to malke an impression unfavourable to that officer. hlr. JArm SADuRn was a supporter of the present Government, and Mr. JoHw SADTRa had actually held office under Lord AnsnaDm&s Government. These eircumstances seem to have required from the law officers more than ordinary vigilance. On the other hand, we must not forget that a fraud is not an indictable offence, and that the AToarN-EyG'xm~3n may be able to show that he did not possess sufficient evidence of conspiracy to justify him in putting the law in motion. The charge also is unanswered, and unanswered by the contrivance of those who mal-e it, and who show but little auniety to pursue it, being, it seems, content with the prejudice they have created. On the conduct of Mfr. FrGrERAiD, therefoxe, it is premature to pronounce an opinion; and a candid public will suspend its judgment till the opportunity of defence withheld from him by a paltry and disingenuous artifiee has been conceded. In this respect Mr. NAr'mn's behavio-r seems entirely indefensible, and the more so from the profuse declarations of candour, conscientiousness, and charity with which that gentleman never fails to interlard his most envenomed attacks. There is not a pretence for saying that the M TAsTE of the Roars was charged with a disregard of his oath as a Privy Councillor, -and the suggestion was - a mere artifice to draw off the attention of the House and, the country from the true question,-the conduct of the M.sTmL of the Roias in his judicial capacity. The obvious tendency to draw back is little creditable -to Mr. N"miea's valour, and the clever nianceuvre by which ho excluded Mlr. FiTzGERALD from the power of defending himelf against the charges oi the AsWTa. of the RoLrs does as little honoui to -his candour. Of. the conduct of the lASTER of the. Rowms himself we can speak without hesitation, for it is recoraed in his own advised and deliberate judgment. * It is worthy of the:gravest reprobation- of reprobation ao grave, indeed, ax to ronder if more than doubtU whether a judge gpoessin go' little disetion and so little temper and moderation, and knowing so-little wrhati due either himself, to hi offioe, or to othes, should be per- raitted, even in Ireland; that Alsatii for jidica etravaganz, to preside in a court of jusice. Vhether JiaMss SADLEM'S flight Wua actually ooioned by the denunciations of the zThsr-zs of the RoLu we shall probably never ]mowr, but it was the result naturally to be looked for, and the indiretion is tho same wahe. ther it did or did not produce the result that was reasonably to be xpecec. tuhit wh;t mhf We 3ay of a judge who states publicly froM. the bench that he did not give any private infornmatirn to the Government of the -crime of JA3as SADtzm, because he believed it would receive no attention from them, for causes publicly known,-4hat is, of a judge who useshis position as a dispenser of justice to charge upon a Govemnment to which he is poli. tically opposed the stifling and hunhing up -of crimes from the basest motives of partisahip, or who, amid the cheers of an admiring audience, delivers a philippic against a law officer of the Chowx on a matter arising, indeed, out of a cause tried before him, bur utterly irrelevant to the discharge of his judicial duties, and tnsmits that philippki as a brief to his fliends in the RIouse of 0ornmons ? A court of justice ia no arena for political conflicts, and the judge who makes it such disgracee alile his official and his private character. We write this on the supposition that the charges made by the 3AsTn of the RoLLs are true, a* supposition we have no right to mak-e, aud the truth or falsehood of which ought, without the unnecessary delay of a single hoiur, to be tested by full disasion in the face of Parliament and the country.
COUP.R CIRCULAR. The Dnlke of Wellington and the Earl of Clarendon had Audiences of the Queen. The Hon. P. Campbell Scarlett, C.B., had an audience ofHerMaiijesty on his appointmlent to the Court of Brazil. Mr. Scarlett waspresened by the E:rd of Clarendon, Sere. tas of State fo oeg Alfirs. The Queen and Prince Albert, the Pinnce and Princess of Prussia took a drive in an open landau and four in the The Prince and Princess of Prussia and ehe Princess Louise, accompanied by Prince Albert, visited the Cryta Pslxce at Syde hnxn on Sxtu-rday Miong. In attendance were the Countess von Hacke, Countess Oriollx, Madame Ton Sternberg, Count Boo, Count Pucl;er, Baron d'Alven. sleben, Colonel F. H. Seymour, and Lieutenant-Colonel de Boyen. The Dluke of Cambridge isited the Prince of Prussia on Saturday. HerMajesty had a dinner party on Saturday evening The company included their Royal Higb;uesses the Duchess of Xentt, the Prince and Princess of Prussia the Princeas Rloyal and the Princess Louise of Prussia, his Serene HIigh. ness Prince Edwvard of Sase WVeiinar, the Duchess of Sutherland, the Duke of Neweastie the -Marquis of Lans. downe, LAdyAnna 'Maria Dawson, Countess von Eicke, CountessOriolLa, MSdame von Sternberg. Earl of Aberdeen, Viscount Torrington, BaroneEs de Speth, the Right Hon. Sir George and Ludy Grey, Colonel Lysons (23d or Royal Welsh Fusileers), Count Boos, Count Puckler, Baron di'Alveusleben, Lieutenant-Colonel de Boyen, and Baron Ernest Stochmar. The band of the Grenadier Guards attended during dinner. The Queen's private band afterwards attended, and played the following pieces, viz.:- Overtume, "Zanett" .. .. .. .. Auber. AlegSretto Seberszndo, "Sinfonia, ro 8." .. BeethoTen Air andchos. "Atbalie@ .Mendelsohn. hl.ae, `lfEDon Giorvnn.". . zart. Prince Albert, attended by Viscount Torrington, Colonel Francis Seymour, and the Equerry in Waiting urent in the evening to the anuiversary meetiDz of the Royal College of Physicians, held a' the College in P'all-mnall east. Yesterdayr the Queen and the Prince Consort, with the Prince of Wales,i the Princesis Royal, and the Prince6s Alice attended Divine Service in the chapel of Bckng. hamrPalace. The Ron. and VeryRev.the DeofWindsor officiated. The Princess of Pruia and the Princess Louise, and the Duchess of Kent, also attended the service. The Pxince of Prussia attended Divine Service yesterday morning in the German Church in the Savoy mr. B. Bruce Stewart, from Prince Edward's Island, had an interview with Mr. SecretaryLabonchere on Saturday at the Colonial-offlce. A deputation of members and magistrates from Cumber. land and Westmorland, consisting of Sir James Graham, Mr. H. Lowther, Mr. S. Irton, Hon. C. Howard, Mlr. John Steed, Lord Bective, Mr. J. Fergusor, and Mr. T. Salkeld, had an intervierw ,ith Secretary Sir G. Grey on Saturday on the subject of the County lunatic Asylum of the above counties. Despatche3 were sent to the Governor of the Cape of Good Hope on Saturday evening from the Colonial-office.
RsXEN7iTr 0? MonD EsUnDnm.-We we not, we believe, premature in announcing that Viscount Hardingo has tendered his resignsation, and that his connexionvith the Horse Guard has fornrallyas well as virtually terminated. Although we rejoice to say the gallant veteran is progressingfavourably towards recovery, it is not likely that his health will, for some timneat lez t, permit his attention to business; and, appreciating the necessity for vigilance and 'igour at head-quarters in the present transition state of our military administration, he has placed the command of the army at the disposal of Her Msjesty.-Globe. A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday after. noon at the Foreign-office. iscount PFalmerston, the Lord Chancellor, the Earl of Harrowby, the Marquis of lansdcwne, Sir George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, Mr. Secretary Labouchere, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Snmith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Right Hon. M. T. Baines, aud the Duke of Argyll attended. The Council sat two hours and three-quarters. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acenowledges the receipt of the second halves of Bank of England notes for 55l from "J. S." (Yide The Times of the 28th of June). We are requesed to state that Sir de Lacy Evans paired in support of Mr.BAikes Curris motion for Throwing out the Appellate Jurisdiction BiL We are also retqested to stet that Lora . Cicil pired for, with jr. H. BusseU agaimt the motion; Mr. 1ugh also paired with. Mr. T. Dancombe against; and Mr. Pigott with, and Sir J. R. Canac against, the same bill. RroT AT GAmris .-On Saturday a riot of a serious character took place at the Felling, Gateshead, a body of Ribaudmen having attackled some Orangemen. It being the anniversa of ie Battle of the Bone, the Protestant Association of Loyal Orangemen went through the streets in procession. Some hundreds of Ribandmen assembled, armed with pistols, swords, bludgeons &ac., and attacked the persons in the prooeesion. Great confusion. arose, anl it is said that between 16 and 20 men were more orlessinjuredintheaifray. Onemannnasmeachn Spencer, a tailor, residing in Gateshead, as well as a boy unmed 3Awx d Badger, lwere taken to the Infirmay. Spencer had six contueda wounds on the head, his front teeth were all knocked out, and his faceand body dreadful briwde and the boy had a gaushot wound in the tg, but it was oonsideredaerious. The ladtooknopartintheaffray, and was standin" on the side of the road when he Was shot. Several pistols were fired, sud the nibendmen, with yeIls, atacked men, women, and c-ildren indiscximinately for sometime. The names of the ringeaders are known, and neases hare been taken for their apprehension. One man named R1anan, is in cusiody, and it is tated that his shoeo were studded with iron sDikee in order to inflict the greater injury. The road after the occurrence Vr-s in many places oDvered with blood, where the affmay WaS Most violent. We learn by a telaphic dspatch fuam Gateshead last night that thepolice bad prevented any further outbreak. 'VaT my BALo nf Axn rcA.-We yesterday. had au opportunity of seeing a ballot-box, in the. possesion of the Vigilince Committee, which was rascally ingenious. It was about two feet long, 14 inchees wide, and a foot deep, andapainted on the outside a dark aky-blue oolour. It had moulding or cleats around the bot. tom and at the top next the lid. The lock, which looked like an ordinay one, is so constracted that, though it is workea with a key, it might also be opened by a peculiar prewre "Pon one side of the lid. - There was an auger-hole nthe nddle Gf thelid, and aome of the wax with which it had been sealed at the closing of the po"is, when lt ued, Was still remainig. It seems that the box was ued last at a nmarr election in the Seelxth Ward, and the votes were W n7 On looking at the boxfew would ssnpect the cca trivanoes about it, but en further andminute exaination it wa found that it hwA-a faie bottom anda false side, siding in groove, under and 1ehindwhich were pecked quant ties of puious votes, all ready for an election. The mode af workng the machine seems to have been thi :-A* m clea number of the votes which the initiated wished to eredand ereted under and behind the false o e. The lection wau held; Smith Was the "'n to elected, but Brown was the n,an of the pple's choice. The polls were then cloeed, and the box ie and placed in the hads of acme one inx the secret, Te stuffer then dreaw out the false bottom at his convenienee, turizethe boxlnpside down, shoved the bottom baok, and Scuitli ba_a miajority of the votes; or, suppoe Brown had stiU a majority, the false side wapsilled down, and another fec ervoir of vote for Smith wS opened. Smith now hal- triumphatm, 'rityi though tbe aec had not bectoaeichidi crif nothing else would do,ahazful of votes for Sraith i an th-t lid weeilA oroela>_Smitepead c wit-w ivd number of the stffed ones be withdrawn. One thinUgwa oUtai-Smnitli would be 6ele*ed !-Cei~foemia7rtcr*
LALTEST INTELLIGENCR ACCOUCHEMENT OF TE - 2EMPRESS OF AUS TRIA. (By UBMARME Ali zrITIH 1LEGRAPH.) We have recsived the followling telegraphic de. "Ush fromn our Vienna correspondent:- "Y 6TTA, SUrDTDAY, JvLY 12? 8 A.zi. It This morning at So ninutes past 6 the tmpress oE Austria -was safely de'ivered of a female child." THE EAST. (BY SUMW3= AND BRISITI TELEGR&PH.) We have received, the following telegraphic despatch from our Marseilles correspondent "' MARSEILLES, SATUED&Y, 7 22 p.M. "'The Caire has arrived. with advices from Constantiople of the 3d, and from the Crimea of the 1st inst. "Despatches leave at 10 p.m. "The steam-frigate Isly, which left Constantinople on the 4th inst., has arrived. " The English steamer Cosmopolitan, which left Karinech on the 29th, has also arrived. "When the Isly left there were only 15,000 rench troops at Constantinople."
AMERICA. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) LIVERPOOL, JULY 13. The Royal mail steamship America, from Boston and Halifax, has arrived with advices from New York to the 2d. and, by telegraph, from the latter port to the 4th mt. She brings 01,079,033 specie on freight. The screw steamnship Alma, from Eavre and Southampton, had arrived at New York on the 29th ult., and the Royal mail steamship' Canada, hence, at Halifax on the 1st inst. 'lThe mail steamship North American, hence, had arrved at Quebec on the 30thit. Congress continues occupiWd. with the Kansas question. On the 30th of June, in the Senate, MIr. Oougla.s, from the Committee on Territories, to which wa;s referred the various bills relative to affairs in Kansas, made a voluminous report on the subject. It contains an elaborate argument in favour of the newbill accompanying the report, which provides for the appointmentoffivecommissioners,to be aelected bythePresident from different sections of the Union, to represent fairly all political parties. They are to talke a census of allthe legal voters in the territory, andi make a fairapportionment of all delegates to be elected by each country to form a Constitution and intitute a State Governmnent. When the apportionment shall be made the commissioners are to remain in session every day, except Sunday, at the place most convenient for the inhabitants of the said territory, to hear al complaints, examine wicnesses, and correct all errorsin the said list of voters, which lis shall be previously printed and generally ciroulated through the territory, and posted in at least three of the most public places of each election distit ; and so soon as all the errors have been thus corrected in said lists the commissioners are requested to cause a corrected list of the legal voters to be printed and copies f;urnished to each judge of election, to be put up at the places of voting and circulated -in every county in the territory before the day of election. Noperson is to be allowed to vote whose nane does notappearonthe listas alegal voter. 'Ihe election for delegates isto take place on the day of the Presidential election, and the Convention to assemble on the first Monday in December, to decide-first, whether it be expedient for Kansas to come mto the Union at that time, and, if so decided, to proceed to form a constitution and State Government, which shall be of Republican form. Insas is then to be admitted under such conetitution on an equal footing with the principal States. The bill provides further that mo law shall be enforced in the territory infrnging the liberty of speech or of the press, or the right of the people to bear arms, &c. It also provides punishment for illegal voting or fraud and violence at elections, and authorizes the use of the military for that purpose. The main point is that the persons designated by the census as the present inhabitants of the territory shall decide all points in dfiqute at a fair election without fraud or violence, or 'kany other improper influence. Al the white male inhabitants over 21 years of ege are to be allowed to vote if they have resided in the territory three months prEvious i4 the day of election,s and no other test shall be required. No oath to support the fugitive slave Law, or any other law, or any other condition whatever, shall be required. In the House of Representatives the bill to admit Kansas as a free State under the Topeka Constitution was laid on the table tne same day by a majority of one. The skirmishing in Kansas still continues. The congressional investigation committees have closed their work. It is understood that the report will be ,nade at once. Inter advices, dated Iawrence, June 21, say the southern forces are gathering at Lecompte, Teeumseh, Big Springs, and other places in large numbelrs, and they are laying in large stores of provi3ions. At a Fillmore demonstration at Washington, on the evening of the 30th, a riot occurred, during which Major MIagrder and several of the police Were attacked with stones and bludgeons. The, major was badly injured, the mob following him w.th cries of Kill him !" The mob was finally dispersed, and one or two arrests made. At the AmericanState Convention, held at Springfield on the 1st inst., in the case of the Worcester delegates the majority had reported in favour of the FremQnt list. Mr. Cook, of Boston, from the minority of the committee, made a report in regard to the Worcester delegates, that they differ from the conclusions reached by the majority. The steamsilp Illinois, from Sm Francisco, had S22,@0,818 ,n treas=rA lhe Cuban dates are to the 25th n1t. Sugars had advanced and molasses were on the rise. The yellow fever and the cholera were quite prevalent. The money-market was buoyant. Bankers were discounting freely. Short paper and cal loans were easily effected. The disatisfadtion with the decision in the case of the Newhaven Railroad inczeases. The news that Mr. Dallas is not to be dismissed reached New York on the lst of July, by way of Canada. Mr. Fillmore was making speeches as a candidate for the Presidency. The weather at New York had been very hot, but it was cooler when the steamer sailed. At Quebec, on the 30th ult., a violent storm raged. We have not ascertained that any damage was austained. IATER BY TELEGRAiP VIA EALIFABX NEW YORK, Jur,y 3. The Canada arrived to-day. The Rermaun's news was published yesterday afternoon, at 3 o'clock. The cotton-market is unchanged. Flour Is. to 2s. currency dearer. Wheat advanced 3c. to Sc. Corn unchanged. All firm. Exchange onLondon, 10. Money-market active. Arrived at New York.-The Albert Gallatin, Star of the West, Margaret iEvans, Southampton, ILockel, Narraganset, and Curisca. It is reported that the Quebec mail is lost.
BRvsW AT WOOLWIC}I.-Inmediately afterPiince tDscafa departure frotm Woolwich, on Saturday. an order recdved iu ~on to the effect that the review would lak3 p,lace to-day. The former garrison orders were then ocsintozmanded, aDd n number of carpenters weree despatchedl fo tfie common with orders to erect a temporary platform Ycr the accommodation of Her Majesty. T azilivtal ko pl tday, at 11. A squadron of dranoons from head-qUarterS will be forwarded to WGoolwicls to keep thio oround, aud the police of Woolwich are to be ente on the occasion by a body of 300 from London. 39:It}: A) Loss OFLr z.-Yesterday morning #bout 10 o'clock, a fire took place on the premises of Mrs. Davis Albion, waterproof clothing maker, Rupsrt-stree£ Whitechapel, in consequence of the breaking of abottle of aplitha. The flames reached the clothesof MisAlbion, and she was so much injured that sho died soon after her removal to the London Hcspital. A man named W. Mforris in endeavouringto subdue the fire had his clothes set en llanes, nnd upon runni out into tho street fell down e=h d. 'Dne premises in which the fire commenced were burnt out, and serious damago was done to the building.
7OBREIGK INTBLIaaEO. - - YlCE M E: (F1O)f OUR OPVOXaPO N'DT.) -A porHom of the folio-wing appeared In. our s.ond edL. mon of Satnras i :_1 PABIS, FRxn.r, JuLT 11, C P.. Th3eEmperor,by decree, dated Plombieres, yester| day, ha decidea that, I in consideration of the late M Fortours eminent .services as Minister of Public Instruction, his funeral shall take place at the public expense. The mortal remains of the deceased -arrived in Paris yesterday, and were deposited ina,-tpeUe ardvede at t'he Hotel of the Ministry of Public instruction. To-morrow (Saturday) a. cannon is to be fired every hour at the Invalides, froiu 7 in the morning unti]. the starting of the funeral procession to the chuzeh of St. Thomas d'Aquin, at noon; at that moment a salvo of 15 gus isto be fired from the Invalides, and another salvo of 15 guns ia to announce thoi conclusion of the ceremony. The following private teleg,raphic despatch ha3 been received:J-at 9. " BERLIN, JULY 9 'Advices from St. Petarsburg state that the Emperor's departure for Moscow has been fixed for the 16th August," The Greek Moniteur publishes a eircular (which I hope will not be pronounced a forgery) addressed by the Minister of Foreign Affairs to the diplomatic and consular agents of Greece. It is as follows :- " Sir,-Yon are aware that there exist in Greece vast tracts of fertile land of vihich periodical or pertsanent inundations prevent the cultivation. The land, though of good quality, is of no advantage to agricullure, to which it might be of great importance. The Government undertook two years ago the draining of a portion of it, and with complete success "As experience has proved that works of the kdnd uidertaken on a great sealo are condnsted' better by private companies or individuals, the Governmnot desire to employ this meanaforthe drainingof the tracts of landthtareconstant. iy inundated.aThese are-Ls, in Bceotia the tracts covered by the waters of the lake Copa)s, of about 300,000 stremmas (over 65,000 acres) in extennt which are all wAtered by the [Ce pbisus, the Melons, the Eroka, the Ceroline, and other smaler streams. The draining could be effected by opening a subterranean canal to the extent of about 3,000 metres. 2d, in Corinthia the linds inundated by the lake Pheneus, which cover a most fortile plain of about 40,000 stremn3s. The want of l:ad fit for cultivation in the province where the plain is situated, the superabundant population of which makes that want greatly felt, would offer considerable advantage to undertaling. 3d, the lads of Candyla and Tula, in the Mantinea, of about 50,000 stremnmas, the draining of wvhich for the same reason would be an operation no less idvantageous. 4th, the plain of Mcaria, in Messenia, to tha left Qf the mouth of the Pamisus, as also the vast plains to the right and above the river and extending to Nisi, forming a magnificent tract of land of about 70,000 stiemmas, inundated in consequence of the obstruction of the maouths of the above-mentioned nver. "Independent of these hydraulic works, which the Government would desire to intrust to individuals or to private companies, on conditions that would leave them fair and certain profits, other worlk are in contemplation of equal utility, and with the prospect of considerable profit. These are the construction of the rmads from Tripolizza to Patras, to Calamata and Sparta; the road fron Corinth to Patras, passing by Vostizsa; the roads from Athens to Chalcis, and from Lvadia to Lamia, as well as other ways for internal communication. " The Government would gladly confide both thedraining of the lands just mentioned aud the construction of roads to capitalists or private companies who may offer to under Iake them. " Wherefor e I invite you, Sir, to give the desired pub licity to these intentions of the Government, to endeavour to address yourself to competent persons to make valuable in their eyes the profits they may derive from these operations, and to engage them to submit without delay to the Government propositions which will be talen into serious consideration. Assure them also that, independently of the clauses of the concessions for the works, they willfind on the part of the Government the greatest readiness to afford them all the facilities and all the co-operation possible and desirable." A private letter from Athens of the 2a just. mentions that the editors of the Miner'a, who had been imprisoned by the Minis-er of the Interior, have been restored to libertyF puuant to the order of the Tribunal of A thens; that; the said order eatablishes that the secret circular attributed to the Greek Minister, relative to MIr. Smith O'Brien's journey, e te, and that, consequently, there wa no suffacient reason to prosecute the journal that had published it. Tne Government, who maintained that the circular was a forger, have hardly a word to say for themselves. They, however, vent their anger on the Prefect of Livadia, not for a forgery, but for having violated the secrets of the service. The editors of the Mi?wrvc succeeded in procuring for their defence either the original, or a certified copy of the circular whichthey exhibited to the Procurenrdu Roi. The explanation nowr given appears to be that the circuLar was not, after all, r.itten in the Minister's own hand but was addr~essed to Mfayors and Prefects by some warm friend of the Cabinet, a high functionary, it is said, in order to impress Mr. Smith O'Brien -with the complete trn-quillity of the country, and with the falsehood of those who had prerumed to say that brizandage existed. e receipts of the Orleans Railway durins the week ended on the 80th ult. were 850,421., or 238,849f. less than during the corresponding week of 1855. The gross receipts Eince the 1st January amounted to 22,4S1,287''., being a difference in favour of 1855 of 305,065:r. The Three per Cents. clowe to-day at nf. 6oc. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f.; Orleanm RallwayShares, 3,415f.; GPreat Northern, 1,107W 5Oc.;, Strasburg, 960f.; New Shares, 877f. 50c.; 'Ariz and Lyons, 1,455L - Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,8251.- Western of France, 965f.; Bordeaiuc and lette, 777f. 50C.; Grest Central of France, 692f. 50c Lyons and Geneva, 817f. 5Oc.; Bank of Crdit NobLier, 1,581f.; Ausrin Ralwlys, 875f. Cora Aatelu.-PAs S, July 1 7.-Cah PrIci.-.- Four-,nd-a-,alf per Cents. (nob reimbursable for 10 yeas), 93f. S5c.; Three per Centa., lLM. -250. 30c. ditto second Loan of 1855 (65 per cent, paid1), 'if. 20c. 25c.; ditto Certificates (65 per cent. paid), 71f. 20c. 25c.; Bank of Franoe, 4,l50f.; Credit Fonder, 639f.;- ditto Obligatlons of 50K, Eour ger Cents., 430f; Aitto Threo per Cents., 395f.; ditto, eAthM, Three cor Cents., 7Zf. SOc.; Credit MoIuer, 1,580f.; Iscounsias nka 69fr. 692f. 50c. 690f. Piedmonteae Five per Cents., 9if. -e c.h omanSt. Thom S?anish Passives, 6; ditto Thee per Cents., 4th4ei g - mat london, at sight, money, 2 of 25.; three coere money 2Sf. PAItIS, SATrenuAw, JVI.Yt i2,6 r.ar. *Thefneralor of I. ortoul, Mnisr of Public Intruction and Ecclesiastical,was celebrated to-ay Aith much pomp -ithes hurchof St. Thomas dAquin. An u the 2inis1er S a deputatlon of S0 lachis, hablltheode?ut > his plesen in the high T oil thevr ica,n d theeatih refot of the niveraity, attended it. A gcn was fired every hour atthe Mvalide f Brom7 oiclorkntih noon, whenthe procession left the hoteloP ther Mnistry. Asalute of 15 guns was then fired, and another of 15 gus at 2 o'clock to announce the conclusion ofSthe ceremony. The I oliqivng private telegraphic despatch] has been recailed:- "V1zr.m-, July 12.-Deepatces from Buchares of July 9 anounce thtPrince Stirbey Hfosoar of Wallachi3, had abdicated his govrnrment." The Mfonileur announces that the Prefect of the Seine has received a second draulght of 250. from the Mayor of Birminghamx for the victims of the inundations, accompanied by a hsne that he will soon be able to send a third sum of tlie 3ike amtounlt; the Prefiect has also received a sum of 2,520f. for the victims from the 'directors of the Steambeat Company of Dzrogheda,~ il reland. The Three per Cents. elosed to-day at 71M. 60c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents, at 941. ; and the Newr Loan at 7lf. 65o.; Orlean 3Rilway Shares, 1,410f.; Great Norther5m 1,105f.; Strasburg, 95Sf.; New Shares, 877f. 50c.- Paris and Lyons, 1,450f.; Lyons to the Mfedi+rra nean, 1,825f. ; Westen of France, 962f. 50c. * Boraeaux and Cette, 776f. 25c. ; Great Central of Fra , 690. ; Lyons and Geneva, 810f. Bank of CrEdit Mobilier, 1,5721. 5Oc.; Auttriaau 11A-lwan 8711. 25c, cours Awhtn iT&-PIARIs, auly 12.-Caah rIoea.- Four-and-a-Hlalf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93f. 75c. 941.; ditto, second Moan of 1855 (65 per. cent. paid), 93£. 75c.; ditto, Certificatea (oS per cent, paid), 93f. 5c.;Four per Cents., 8*r.; ThreoperCents, 711f r5c. 20o.; ditto, sqecond Loan of 18q55 (6.5 per cent, piaid), 711. 25c; ditto, Certificates 6 per ent, paid), 71! c Bn ST; Spnsh Three per Cents,, 4fl 46; ditto, Interior, 381 .d. Exchaige on London, at sight, money, 25t. 2iS; three months, money, 25f. AUSTRIA. (PROM oUR OWN COMoI4DRie.) TheIfollowing ~ VIENA;, Jur.Y 8. The folowing is the Austrin official acount of a collision which took place a few days sinoo in WalLachia between some Austrian and French s oldiers c"Aocording to a telegraphic communication of the Ist inst., which is now before us, v lamentable collision hAs occurred between Austrian troops belongig to a baggage train detachiment, on its way froma Bucharst to Giurgevo, and some French soldiers who were on duty at the telegrapbL sttion. Unfortunately, one of the latter received a mortal !gunshot wound. A nixed commission, of which somae em- 2eia of the French Conaulate formed a part, -went imme. diately from Bucharest to Giurgevo, and hu already re. iturned to the place first mentioned. The commander of the bagage train detachment will be tried by a courtmartiaL The commission, whose duties were failitated by the mutual confidence which prevailed, is a guarantee that justice will speedily be done. The result of the examination -now going on can, however, alone enable us to forma sound opinion on the caso in point and of the persons -who are guilty.e? ' The King of Greece, wshO left for Carlsbad yesterday, wasr accompanied to the railroad terminus by the ArchduchessHildegiardo, his sister, and by four Archdukes. PRUSSIA. (FROM OUR OWN COxanroWDIun T.) BEBIMN, JULY 10. The necessity for mnaking a number ofnew appointments in our consular and diplomatie servce, occasioned by the close of the war, continues doubtless to be a subject of no little embarrsment to our Foreign-office. The number of appointments is far greater than that of appropriate candidates--"the hairvest1aly is plenteous, but the labourers are few." The circumstance of our present Minister to St. Petersburg having been selected from the staff of the Foreign-office rather than from the ranks of the cOeTs de aiq does not speak flatteringly for the amounlt of rising talent in the latter, and it will be a long time before the plan of examinations lately partially introduced will effect much improvement in this service, seein-thattheyouinggentlemenalready occupyingthe subaltern posts at foreign missions are promoted to other and higher functions without their being in any way required to come home and submit to examinations, the result of Twhich would -prove, r fitness or unfitness for the promotion conferred on them. The events of the past war, as far as the field of diplomacy is concerned, have convinced every one who has watched their progress with attention that great changes must take place in our diplomatic representatives in Germany. The conclusion of the peace affords tho most fitting opportunity and occasion, so that when another Ehuropean compIication arises we may know better what we have to trust to than we knew at the outbreak of the last. With the exceptionof the universal unwillingness and unreadiness for war exhibited by all the States of Europe at that period, there was nothing that so much contributed to the hyper-moderate end apparently timid course that we observed towards iRussia throughoat the year 1853 as the constantly deluded hope and expectation that GermanLy would 3oin the Wifestern Powers in mnaking -Lmpoing demonstrations against Russia's encroachments-a delusion which eontinued throughout 1854 with regard to the chances of Germany taking part in the war which was declared in the spring of that year. The events of the last three years have shown that Germany is an element in the calculation of European probabilities which we cannot over or under rate without injury to our plans. But where can a diplomatist obtain a correct view of the ever-varying quiclsand of Federal polties ? Certainly not at the Courts of Vienna and Berlin, where we were represented during that period with more or less skill; for those two States, Austria and Prussia, are rivals for pre-enminence in Germany, and are c-onstantly plotting and canvassng to obtain the votes of the other 30 States of Germany for any policy they may be in. clinedto at the time; and, if they do not constantly deceive themselves as to their chances of success they certainly deceive the corps dp?emctzte ana the press on that point. Nor is it always at Muunich that a clear view of the procesm goin oru in the turbid mass of Federal politics can be o otained, for although Bavaria, in consequence of the position she has made for herself in the Confederation, as the compromiser of the differences between the two great Powers, becomes early acquainted with the intentions and views of the minor States, there ar a great number of occasions on which the more independent of the latter reserve their determination till the last moment, and trim and hedge among themselves, so as to prvent either of the two preponderating rivals from having anything more than the smallest working majority. The most favourable post for attaining a cortect knowledge of Federal politics, i. e., of the moult of all the antagonistic forces of the 32 different Sovereign States of Germany, is Frankfort, the seat of the Federal Diet. To this post eaCh of the German -States deputes the best ma in its diplomatic service, the one best acquainted with its policyand the views of its Sovereign or his Minister3. As Frnnkfort offers no attractions of its own in the way of society, the representatives of the different States are thrown entirely upon each others' society for entertainment; and a man of talent, address, and finesse, capableof "making himself everything to every man, if by any means he could win some," could not fail to keep his Government well informed of what course Germany would take in any conjuncture. This information, compared and checked with the despatches from Vienna, Berlin, and Munich, wrould almost Infallibly preserve our FIoreign Secretary from error on the score of German politics. We can hardly find a man good enough for the post at Franldort, while hitherto it has been thought that any man was good enough for it. While speaking of Fanldort it may be worth mentioning that we have theret in addition to the Ministor, Secretary of Legation, and two attach6s accredited to the German Mnfedoration, a Consul and a Vice-Consul appointed to the free city of Frankfort. The necessity of this latter consular berth is one that few can comprehend, Franldort having long ceased to be one of the marts of commerce frequented to any degree by Englishmen, and it has not in the meantime become anything else of interest. Lord Palmerston has lately informed the House of Comamons that the recommendations of the coiminittee that sat Last session with reference to the abolition of various missions at the petty Courts of Germany will not be acteduponbythe Governmont, who "a re not disposed to adopt the suggestons of persons who know nothing of diplomacy."' Your corre spondent belongs to this last category, and joina strongly in recommending their abolition, as not being useful in proportion to their cost. With all deference to the great authority just quoted, I believe that we shall be bettor served than at present by a charg6 c'affaires, with one diplomatic attachk and one consular attach ; thatisto sy,a gentleman who has acquired the necessary expe- - rience in consular duties as an Zve under the eyes of an intelligent and energetio Consul-General, and who has been advanced thence to conduct the consular business attached to the msion. These remarks re intended to apply to Hanover, Saxony, and Wurtemberg; and by this conversion we should obtain better service_ simultaneously with the abolition of three Ministers, neither of whom has less than 2,0007. a-year, besides various Consul. Our late Minister at the Court of Hanover has just returned, after 18 years' residence at the same post. He aent in his own resignatioi which wa3 accepted, as I hear, without reluctance. As yet a succeMor has not been nominated, but soon will be. Our p resent Minister at the Court of Saxonyhas enjoyed his of ium cum digaitate for 20 odd years at the same post. It does appear to one ",who knowzs nothing of diplomacy" that an injustice must have been done somewrhere: the - tentionof these gentlemen so long inthesame inconsiderable mission proves either that they were deserving of better things and were unfairly deprived of their promotion, or that they did not fulBl7 their duties to the satisfaction of Downing-street, and conse9uently were never promoted; or, what Is most improbable of all, that they were fitted exatly for that post, and would not have suited any other. RUSSIA. A letter from St. Petersburg of the 5th xays : "Lord Wodehouse was received yesterday by the Emperor Alexander in the palace of T3skoeelo at a private audience. Before returning to St. I.'otersburg his Iordsip was driven in ono of the State carrages through- the magnificent grounds whih surround tho pale'." ITALY. (TROM oun Ow O ORssro"MDRMT.) NAPIES, Xrny 7. The answer which the Neapolitan Government hl at longth condescended to glve to the Western Powers was, I believe, substantially correct an I reported in my letter of tho 23d of lat month. T!he official aswer wrasiot o however, deapltched, I can positively affirm, until lait Monday; and it was then wsnt to the representatives of this (loverument at the Courts of Paris and Londonl. The text was not seen in Naples, but the spirit and the substance are, of course, well known, and they are such as I have described. Signor Carafa, the Minister for Foreign Affairs, was not in the first instance disposed to pa,y any attention to 'wat he regarded as an isult to his Royal master. A long interval of time was permitted to pass before any reference was made to the subject, and it was not until after repeated remonstmnces that the answer.nowr returned was concocted. As to its character there can be no doubt. The sneering tone with which it thanks the Western Powers is ixulting, and the expressed determination of the Ying to do as he likes, when he likes, is quite in harmony with that obstinacy which has ever led me to declare that nothing for the peace and prosperity of this country will ever.be effected unless through the steady and serious intervention of England and France. Give counsel to the winds, keep paJperlii your portfolios; All are utterly useless; but let a strong armed demonstration be made, and I believe that, without a blow being struck, or without the terrific spirit of revolation being evoked, the constitution wi)l be resuscitated, the admirable laws. of the country will have new vigor iufused into them, and the really distinguished men who are pining in exile or lurking in secret places in the country will be found capable of car ring on the new order of things, provided-yes,provided they aregaranteeanddefended byforeignGovernmernts. Without such a proviso all attempts at reform -ill fail, for men too well know the nature of the moral guarantees they have in this country to risk their liberty and their lives. During the week it has been reported that M. Brennier had presented aAtother note declaring, that France would be by no means behindhand with England in demanding reforms in the political institutions of the country and the liberation of certain of the political prisoners. On inquiry I have reason to believe that no second note has been presented, but that M. Brennier as well as Sir W. Temple has had several interviews'with Signor Carafa,andthat they have expressed themselves in a manner not to be misunderstood, is perfectly correct. From the highest authority 1am led to muderstand that the most perfect unanimity exists between the British and French Governments on Neapolitan affairs. 'Whether that agreement will lead them to suspend further measures remainsto be proved; but, if so,the step which has been taken appears to me to be not merely a political but a moral error, inspiring false hopes, driving a whole population to desperation, anad seating more firmly than ever the despot whom all good men condemn. At all events, it is most desirable that the determination of the great Powers, whatever it is, should be made known promptly, for no progress, order, or tranquiLitv can there be so long as the future is wrapped in such dark uncertainty. I now resume my chronicle of events. On Tuesday Iast His Majesty, with his three eldest sons, wvent to Porto d'Anzio to meet the Pope, Cardinal Antonelli joining the party in the coiuse of the day. The Giornale deUle Dute &cilic has a most inflated account of the interview, in which the people are represented as mad with joy at receiving the Sovereign of Naples, and the Pope as involdng celestial benedictions on the pious Monarch. His Majesty, if he has notalready arrived, is expected hourly in Naplea to a third case of mutiny since Januaer among the troops. It has excited a great sensation in+he capital, and for the moment scarcely any other sbject is spoken of. The 1st Regiment of Grenadier Guards were going through their gymnastic exercises last Monday, when two of the soldiers, being fatigued, demanded permission to repose, wrhich was granted by the master. Colonel Apucci, the cormmanding officer, seemng these men off duty, ordered them 50 lashes on the moment. It was exvlained that they had received permission to repose; i vain. The soldiers murmured; still the punishnment was insisted upon and inflicted. One of the men, a gentleman by birth, fainted under the castigation, yet the brute ordered the punishment to be completed even should he die under the lash. General Corne visited the barracks during the evening of the same day to inquire into the state of the case, and while walking with the Colonel expressed his surprise at the great stillness, when suddenly there was a rash of the soldiers into the y ard, and cries were uttered of " Enter General !" "Long live tho ing -" " Away with the Colonel " " Dowrn w,ith the blackguard canaglia t7 The Colonel, it was said, was in considerable danger; he, however, is now uinder arrest, and the soldiers are confined to their barracks until the decision of the King shall be known. His Majesty is, of course, much vexed at the incident; it has excited a painful and dangerous sensation throughout the army; but wherein does it differ from the two following cases of lashings reported to me within the last day or two.? One was of a man named Luciano Mfenechino, who was confined an the prisons of Castellamare last year. There he got into some quarrel, and was condemned by the "Committee of Lashe3" to receive 30. It was about the time of the fall of Mazza, and the punishment was suspended, the man being sent to the prison of Ottazano. Last MIonday, however, he was sent for to Castellamare, and there received his " thirty." The other case is that of a gentleman from Messina, who was on a visit at Paola, in the provin ce of Cosenza, about som commercialmatters. " Are beards permitted in -Iessina he was asked. The answer was in the affirmative, "and we hope," he added, " for some useful reformsthrough British andE rench intervention." The wordswere reported to the police authorities, by them telegraphed to Naples, and through the same channel orders were I sent down to inflict 60 lashes. This gentleman is now in the Criminali of Cosenza, where he iswaiting the poces which is being drawn up agaiinst him. I repeat that B7ianchini is not to be held responsible, for these excesses; hle is a gentlemnan and a humane man, but in the police, as in every other branch of the Administration in this country,there are many opposing currents of power. I must also inforn you that even that relaxation of severity which has been introduced is not extended to the provinces, where the same system as of 'old is carried on. Indeed, in a letter it is im- ossible to give you any adequate picture of the isorder, -corruption, cruelty, and folly which reign throughout the country, and, knowing what I do, I feel a breathless impatience at the practical incredulity of statesmen who talk about offering counsel, and asking for an amnesty almost as a final measure. Well, within the last month a petition has been made that his chain should be removed from Pironti, a paralytic, confined in Montesarchio, and that Zeub, who is dying of consumption, should be sent to an hospital. The former request has not been granted; the latter las, as my last letter informed you; but since then thne following details of his new position have been sent mae vHe was placed in a solitary chamber, guarded, in. sight, bv two sentinels' one of them close to a window with iron bars. 1n his entering his new chamber everything was taken from him, and there he now lies without a friend or acquaintance to soothe him, and denied those little indulgencie$ which have been'sent to him from a distance. The request that he might be placed in a hospital has been fulfilled to the letter. Since I last wrote wheat has fallen fully 1o per cent., under the impression that the exportation of it would not be continued after the 15th inst. The impression is verified by the following notice in Saturday night's paper e-" That after the 15th no grain Will be allowled to leave this country except such as has been declared. such as is already at the place of embarcation,'and fur wrhich vessels are at that time in port." The holders, Therefore, whlo -have been 'workig up the prices to an enormous height, nowr iind themlselves caught. 1BELGIIM. It is just a quarter of a century since the nine provinces wch now form the little kingdom of Belgium shook off the yoke of Holland and constituted themselves into an indepDendent Stae under Prince LIeopold of. Saxe-Cobuirg. Conderaned by her small extent and the impossibility of territorial aggrandizement to the rank of a secondary Power in the political organization of Europe, Belgium mar ye claim ahigh place in,the esteem and'inpathyof the more powerful ations who surround r:Y`Their.tmmstane which preced and folloved'the truggei for xeparte exisnce in 1830 may have been variously regarded at the time-all revolutions are, whether thev be for goocl or evil. But whatever doubts may. have existed as to the solidity of the const.tution which she gave herself, or the bias of her social organization, they are by this time completely set at rest. On the anniversary of the day which saw him malke his firast entry into his future capital King Leopold will enter it sain, retracing~ the very roa 'he then followed, to receive once more the homage of the nation which hu prospered so well under his 'wise andc moderate admi- nistration; and all the xplendour which the resources and taste of a people more skilled in the art of decoration than any, perhaps, in Europe can fmrnish will be called forth to do justice to the occasion. The ceremony will not take place within the confined precincts of any building, but in the open sir, in the presence of the highest dignitaries of the Church, of all the chief civil and military authorities, of deputations from every corporate body in the kingdom, and Surrounded by whatever circumstances can possibly add to its pomp or enhance its interest. Belgium has from the earliest times been celebrated for the splendour and frecjuency of her procesions and other public rejoicings-births, ;narriages, joycuses enfrgcs, and even funerals, every occasion, in short, that couldc posibly admit of a display of this kind, was always eagerly seized on and turned to account. From the 14th century, when (in 1355) Duke Wencesla made his triumphal entry into Brabant, to the yea. 1767, when Gfent celebrated the 700th anniversary of St. Maearus, the memoirs of the time abound in details on this subject. The asnual rejoicinga at Louvain for the defeat of the Nornans on the banks of the Dyle in 899, bv Arnould, King of the Germans; the games of tia pound Table, celebrated by the guilds of Broge6, Tournay, and other towns, in the middle ages; the magnificence displayed at the marviage of Charles the Bold and Margaret of York, the obsequies of Qharlm v. t.h suniptuous reception prepared forhis son, PhilIL, by the town of Antwerp, in 1549, on which occasion 28 triumphal arches wrere erected, and the Prince's cortge consisted of 4,000 citizens on foot, richly dressed, and 1U5 oth}ers mounted on spleudidly capanisoned horses and clad in crimson velvet, and those in the sae town in 1635, 'when the Cardinal Infant Ferainand of Austria, brother of Philip IV. of Spain, visited it, and which the iUustrious Rubens did not disdain to enrich with his magnificent designs,-these and many others still live in the reco(lection of the people of Belgium, and form subjects of loving discussion among bookworms familiar with the departedglories of their country. No Nvonder, then, that with a prosperity Just as real if less showy than in her t{he oldtaste should revive again in Belgium, and each province seek to oiutvie the other in the splendour of its contribution to the general ens embUe. Those of our readers who saw vthe procession of allegorical triumphal cars in 1848, and are told that those constructed for this more solemn occasion throw their predecessors completely into the ishade, would, we should think, scarcely require any indlucement to convince themselves by the tes. timony of their own eyes of the possibility of the thinz.
TIEE CAPE OF GOOD HOPB. PORTS3MOVTH, Su?xnAy EvmZ2xG. (BY ELIcRac TExaGBalH.] The ship lMeteor has brought advices from the Cape to tho 7th of MBy. Up to that date the state of affairs on the frontier in the free State (late Sovereig,nty) side stood thus. A letter had been received by the Governor, Sir George Grey, from the President of the free State, stat that it was his intention to move out in a fewv days for the purpe of chastising a predatory chief, ally to the Basutah nation, who had committed or connived at robbing and cattle stealing, and who refused restitation or satisfaction; that the sad chief was preparing to defend himself, and had been promised assistnee by one of the relxtions of Moshesh, the Chief of the Basutabs, who, at the request of the President, had remonstrated with his Idnsman without effect'; that it was apprehended that other tribes would join the refractory chief, and fea of a wide spread rising were generaIlly entertained. The President also desoed aid from Governor Grey, and the Governor had made a communication to the Cape Parliament on this matter, tending much to aLay the excitement caused by a knowledge of thereceipt of the above letter byhim, but a very uneasy feeling prevailed, and only one sentiment was uppermost throughout the community. As a precautionary measure all the available troops-about 500 only-hadleftinthe Castorfrigate for Eas London, and HIer MIajests steam-frigate Penelope had been despatchedto the Mauritius with an urgent request from Governor Grey for the loan of a regiment of infantry,which was to be conveyed direct to Eaet London inthat vesseL The " commando" of the free State was to have commenced its march iL three columns by as many different routes converging on the chief's place of residence some days before the 7th of May. Much anxiety prevails as to the probable result. The Basutabs, as is well known, can bring from 10,000 to 12,000 well-crained and well-armed fighting men to the field. Her Majesty's ship Frolic, 12. Captain Kolloth, was the only man-of-war in Simon's :Bay at the above date.
T7EB GUARDS. TO T}E EDrToiEOF THE TIMES. Sir,-I thinl; that we, the inhabitants of London, have done ourselves honour by the cordial reception which we gave the gaUlant Guards on their return to their old quarters last Wednesday. But, though this reception -was so enthusiastic, and their march an ovation, I think that our thanks and gratitude should not end there. It is our duty to show our appreciation of men who have behaved right well through war, pestilence, and famine, and who have left many comrades on the gory field of their fame. Now, how should we treat a man -who had formerly lived near us, without being personally kmnown to us, and who had returned home after acquiring fame by some dashing feat of pIuck "5in foreign parts I" Why, we -at least, I should leave my card on him, and, unless he were too great a " swell,"' I should ask him to dinner. Why should not we invite the private soldiers and non-commisAoned officers of the Guards to dinenot at our houses, for they would be too small-but at some sufficiently large rendezvous-Vauxhall or the Surrey Gardens, for example? I am sure there are scores of men who would gladly subscribe their half-guinea, and I am equally sure that the soldiers would appreciate this meae of recognizing their pluck, fidelity, discipline, sand endurance. If- we in London set this example, it would be followed by the towns and cities of the lingdom, sll of which would join in feasting the brave men who had come bak from thle perils of Crimne3n warfare to their own barrackt. I ask for your sapport, and T - Q; ItP cmis. Belgmav* Jv2y12 - --'
BAnoow HUNr ONj A SHIPS. RIGQa.-On WedneedasnorninS last an exciting chase took Place amon tho ifip mthe Wapping-dock after a p eno-taloi baboon which had eecaped from the brig Shar, arrv.d here a fewr days since from South America. It appears that the animnal had been bouht by a naturalist in town. wsho weont on board tho vrelel mn the morninlg for the pur. poe of taig possesion of his slippery purchase; but the baboon seemed to have taken a sudden dread to terra firma, for in trying to lead it on shore it managed to escape, and at once dartd up the brWs rigging. The hue-and-cry was immediately rai3ed, and an exciting Cchwse commenced, to the great amuement of the lookerson. The men employed in the different vesels in the dock at onoe acended inhot pursuit, but the cunning animal manged to elude its pursuers for several hours, for no sooner was it too hotly pressed on one vessel thin it took' refuge in the ri of another. One nan who had sended the maird and who had made sure of securing the rniaway, was doomed to disppointmont, for the baboon, after allowing him to approach to within a few. feet, made a sudden spring on to the stays of au adjoining bip, where it hung for some time in mid air, suspended by its tail but at hat, after going through a number of antics andfindingtiA its puruers hadireied of the chase, Jocko descended, akd took refuge in the cabin of another ship. As hieuctered quite unannounced,- he so startled the poor steward that he rwhed on decr, exclaiming thit the ev-,I h-d got onboard I The anima dwas at lmt secured bva sack beiug thrown over it, aud was canied off in triumph by its owner, who had giyen np all hopts of ever coming into posseion of his property. This curious pecimen of the monkey tribe stands about 3i feet in height, in its natal state was upright, has long stight Iack hair, ith a whiteface, is of a rare specie, and seldom brought to this poun4-ItotV-o9 df'rroury.
rTE CHAPTXR oF THr GAIrZL TheQeinu hdd a Ca*pie at the Garter e Rarup iFestese end Vieoa PaL_aoe writlh t inapj e1 thatt Mos N Order. lhe Kaighto at as Garter a"semled a the Pale at S eoele, and wer robed in their mantles.Of purple velvet by Xeer .Hunberand ad.. h XDnigt an wore the gola and eamelled collr of the Order, and the tood of crinuo velvet on the riht ahoulder. The Prelate and the Chnoellor appeared in ther iantles ortiple velvetk ana Garier King of Arm and thie other oera of' the 'Order wore their crimson* satin robe.. The offioers all wore their gold chains, with their respctivw badges of office. The Knights wore, by command of the Queen, called over in the Greenl)rawing room, when the followig answered: -is RoDyal Highness the Dake of Cambridge, the Marquis of Exeter, the Dake of Richmond, the Dnke of Buuch, tle Marquis of Lansdowne, the Marquis of Salisbury, the Dokc of Cleveland, Earl de Grey, the Marquis of Aberooris, Marquis COkmden, the Earl of Clarendon, Earl itwillain, the Earl of Ellesmere, and the EAr] of Aberdeen. The officers of the Order present were the Prelate, the Bishop of Winchester, the Chancellor, theBishop of Oxford, tie Fegistrar, the 2Hon. - and Tery Rev. the Dean of iWindaor; Garter PrincipaL King of Arms, Sir Charles George Young; and the Gentleman Usher ofthe Black Rod, Sir Augustus Clifford, Bar. Her-Majesty the Queen, the Sovereign of the Order,' was conducted to a chair of State, in the Throne or Chapter room, by the Lord Chamberlain, the Trerer of the Household, and the Vice-ChamberLain. Her Majesty wore the mantle,;hood, and collar of the Garter, and had on her head a magnificent circlet of diamonds. His Royal Highness t'e Princess Consort, wearing the mantle and ensigns of the Garter, accompanied the Queen. The Mistress of the Robes and the Lady inWaiting re. nained behind Her Majesty, and the Great Officers of Ptate and Principil Officers of the Court occupied their acctomed stations near the Sovereign. The Enights of the Garter entered the Throne-room. The Queen rose from the Chair of State aud bowed to the Knights on their entrance, an then resumed her seat. The Knights advanced according to their seniority in the aer, iMi Fe3tqd theps_l.vew o, vithet~ aide Qr the Chapter tble, which was covered iFtih tuple relyet, The Chancellor of the Order iigified to the Chsptet Her Majesty's Royal will and pleasure that tho tIrd vrMidt Stalls in the Royl Chapel of St. George's at Windsor he filed, and, as by the Statutes none but a Knight can be electec, theRight Hon. Hugh Earl Fortescuewas introduced between Garter and Black Rod, and adlvancing to the QneenL knelt near her. The Sword of State was handaed to Her Maiesty by the LordChamberlain, and the Queen. was rciously pleased to confer the honour of Knighthood upon the noble Earl there. With. His Lordshi1 kissed his Sovereign's hand and. retired. The K-nights Companions proceeded to the election, sad the suffrages were collected by the Chanoellor and presonted to the Queen, 'who commanded him to de-lare that the Right Hon. Hugh Earl Fortescue had been duly elected a Knight of the Most$ Noble Order of the Garter. By the Sovereign's command Earl Fortescue was received at the door of the Chapter-room by the Earl of Elilesmoere iand the Earl of Aberdeen,. the two Junior Knights Con_. panions, and was conducted between them to Her Majesty, preceded by Garter (bearing the ensigns of the Order upon a crimson velvet cushion) and by Black Rod. Earl Fortescue knelt near the Sovereign, and Garter King of Arms on his knee presented the Garter, and Her Majesty, assisted byhis Royal hness Prince Albert, bucldedit on his left leg, the Chancellor pronouncing the usual admonition. Garter presented the Ribandand George, and Her Majesty put the same over his Lordship's left shoulder, the Chancellorpronouncingthe admonition. The noble Earlagain kissed Her Majesty's hand, and, having reeeived the congrtulations of eazh of the Knghts Companions, retired. The Chapter proceeded to a second election, and the suffages having been collected by the Chancellor were presented to the Sovereign, wvhen the Right Hon. Henry John 'Viscount Palmerston, by Her Majesty's commeand, was declared duly elected. 'Viscount Palmerstonentered the Chapter-room, suppoDZel on his right by the Earl of Ellegmere, and on his left by the Earl of Aerdeen. His Lordship advanced near the QueenL and then knelt, when her Majesty, assisted by PrinceA lbert, buckled the "Garter" on his left leg, the Chancellor pronouncing the admonition. Hi Lrdiip dssed the Queen!s The Blue Ribhand of the Order. with the George suspended, havin; been presented to the Queen, Her Majesty, aasiated bPriince Albert, passed the same over his Lordship's left shoulder and under his right arm. The noble Viscount rising agin ldssed Her Majestgs hand, and then receied. the congrtulations of His Royal Highness Prince Albert, and of the Marquis of Exeter, and the other Knighis Compnons present. The Chanter being ended, Garter, by the Qneen's com. xuand, again called over the Knights Companions, who, with the Officers of the Order, retired from thae presence of the Sovereign. The ldies and gentlemen in attendance were:-Ths Duchess of Satherland, istrwssof the Robes; the Countess of Gainsborough, Lady in Waiting ; the Marquis of Breadalbane, Lord Chamberlain; the Duke of Wellington, .Mazter of the Horse; Lord Foley, Captain of the H-on. Corps of Gentlemen at Arms; Viscount Sydney, Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard; Field-Marshal Viscount Conbermere, Gold Stic} in Waiting; Earl of Mul'rave, Triesurer of the Household; Lord Ernest Bruce, Vie-Chaberlain ; Lord Camoys, Lord in Waiting ; Viscount Torrington, lord in Waiting io the Prince; Sir G. Lee, Aet&temant of the Yeoman Guard; Sir E. Bowater, Groom in Waiting; Colonel Frncis Seymour, Groom in Waiting to the Prince; Colonel Wood, Field Officoer in Brigade -maiting; Colonel Martin, Silver Stick in Waiting; MajorGeneral Hon. C. Grey, Equerry in Waiting; Colonel F H. Seymour, nquerry in W aiting to the Prince; Sir 'I liam Martins, fentheman USser to the Swuord of State Mr. Farqharson and Viscount Castlecufe, Pages of Honour in Waiting; and Colonel Tyrwhitt, ESquerry to thoeDuike of Cambridge. The Yeomen of the Guard were under the command of Captain Macdonald, Exon. in Waitin'- A detachment of the ScntaFs ileerGnards was on duty during the ceremony with the band of the regiment in front of the Pilace.
THE CBYSTAL PA2LAO . YIlIT OF BRINCE ALBERT AND TBE PRSINC AND PRINCESS OF PRUSSIA. The whole of tne magnifient sysiem of waterworls at the Crystl Palace was again displayed on Saturday for the firAt time since the inauguration ceremony 'nich took place a few weeks ago in the presence of the Qaeen. The day, unfortunately, was not propitious. A higa wind, accompanied by occasional showers of rain, went far to mar the general effect of the specoacle, and it wanted also the brilliant rainbow accompaniment prodcced by the aid of sunlighLt. Neverthelems, the display, which commenced at half-past 4, attracted nearly 11,000 peoplO to the Palace, and a cessation of the rain during thegreaterpart of the time ihespectacle lastedenabiedmostof the companytoeitnessi. fromvrious salient points inthe grounds, while theest saw it from the balconiesand terraces. lorwas itwithout con. siderable scenic effect, for 'he wind, though it dive3ted it of the more pleasing results of calm and sunshine, by shattering the vt columns of water into spray ere they reached the highest altitude, and sending it drifting across the Iandscape liUe a snowstorns, gave, with the surroinding atmospheric gloom, a certain wild grandeur to the display whiciL Wad at least the merit of novelty and was not mwanting in intereSt. His Royal lighness PrinceAlbert, acoompanied by the Prince med Princess of Prussia and their daughter, the Princess louise, and attendea by a numerous suite, viteat the Palace in the courso of the morning. The Royal party left Bucinglram Palace shorly before 10 @cloclc, taelng in three caiages and four, and on arriving at the Pslace theY proceeded at once to the first balcony at the cast end. of the great transept, which commands a view not only of the interior of the buildiang, bat of the whole magnifioent serie of laBwn, pairres, terraoee, and fountains immedi-atelyinfrontof the Palae, andthelandspe byond, hI stretches away, on a siades, in marvellous beauty and diver- ity to the Terge ofthe horizon. The prince andPrince t Prui, to whom the spctacle in its vried interest had aU the e0arm of novelTy, frquently expressed themsclv ia terns of the hiest admiration of its great beauty. The auihorities at the PaIace wished to exhibit the whole seriei of waterworis before the ugust party, but, apprehending that the wind woula spoil the effect, and mnowing that the public display ws fixed for a later period of the day than would suit their convenience to remain to witnes it, Prince Albert and his illustrious gueats decined to h4ve tha ar-aneeut varid, and deferred the pleeue of the Spectacle to some mnore auspicious occasion. The Royal vinitcrt having miade a circuit of the various courts, left the buldin about 12 o'clock, on their return to Bcingaim Pralawe, 'wherethey arrived soon after 2. The band of the Coldstream. Guards and that of the company played at intervas within the building during the day, ad the greater part of the company lingwered in the interior or the unds until 8 o'clocck.
I IxVER to SIR WF.- WILIAMS, of EARS. On Satua. evening the members of the Betorm Chubgve agrand anquet uIstin:ourofG the hero ofKars. Every preparation had been made to. give daoe &1t to the occiom. The exterior of the club was brlliantly illuminated,; the word "K XS" being coutIcuduny.exhibitea ia gas letters over ths principal entrance; and the dining-lall was pro4v3elydemoratedwith arms, fags, banners, and lAurel wreaths tatefully grouped into appropriate devices. ,The chair was0ccupied by Sir A. Cockburn, Attorney-General,.o whore ri?,ht were Sir W. E. Williams, and his gallt con; rade, Major Toesdale; Earl Fortescue and Colonel Ialie sitting on the immediate left, Covers were laid -for. 150, and the company comprised Dr. Sandwith, Mr. Churchill, iWr. Redleouse, Colonel Freestun, M.P., Colonel Shafwt Adair, iSP., Mtr. T. BEass, M.P., Sir Joseph PaxtoDn IP;., the Attorney-General for Ireland, MLP., Mr. F. Forster, M.P., Mr. G. F. Muntz, MP., Mrjor Reid, hLP., Mr. W, H. Gore Langton, MP., Mr. Joseph Acton, M.P., Mr. HerbeIngran, h.LP., Mr. T. A. Mitchell, M.P., SirJames MAtheeon, MP., Vice-Chancellor Sir W. Page Wood, Sir Joim Scott Lillie, Mr. 13enry Grattan, Mr. G. Moffat, MP., hlr. W. Beaumont, MrP., &c. Dnriag the dinner the band of the Scots Fusileenrs, which va.s stationed ia the entrance ha, admirably perforned a variety of martial and operatic airs. On the removal of tho cloth, Sir A. CoCLiuRnr rose to give the first toast lIe said,-I rise to propoEe that toast which on all occasions of public festvity stands f&-st and forem ost in the expression of our loyal and patriotic feelings-" tho health of Her ldajesty the Qceen." (Cheer5.) With us that toast is no Idle form or unmeaning ceremony. Attached as we alU aza to constitutional monarchy, which we believe to be the best Eecurity for our liberties the personal virties of onr Sovereign, both public and private, convert the drv and albstrset sense of loyal duty into a warm, enthusiastic, and, chivalrous sentimentof personal devotion. (Cheers.) in our aspirations for the political happiness of 3nanlind we can breathe no better wish than that the Sovereigns of the earth should imitate her example and her virtues, and that Aheir rule should be as mild and beneficent as hers. (Hear, Ihear.) The toast of "Her Maiesty" will, therefore, I ai sure, awaken a responsive echo in all your bosoms. (Ioud -cheers I .The toast was drunlk witn enthusiasm. Sir A. CocaxUs-N then said-I havenow topropose toSyou 3 threefold toast. 'the health of the Illustrious Consort of our beloved Sovereign, the patron and protector Df science, literature, and the arts the health of the Royal heir of these realms, who, born and bred under such auspices, we may fondly hope wiU be all that his futura subjects could -h or debire ; and, lastly, the health of the ilustrious family inseparably associated not only with the best 'of -our historical recolections hut with the maintenance of our civil and religious liberties."' (Cheers.) Seeinz that we are maet on an ccasion which savours more of anmilitary than of' a civil character, I cannot but recoect that one memberc of tbat illustrious house has lately shared the soldiers' danrgers and the soldiers' toils-who in that great siege, 'which engressed the attention of the whole world has shownthat he possesses the inherent bravery of his race, and all those quilities of head and heart which should attach to their commander those whom he has to lead on the battlefield. (Cheer) The toast was duly honoured. Sir A. COCeSBUR. -Tho next toast is one which -ought never to be passed over, and certainly not on an occasion like this, when, at the close of a war which has covered our solaiers and sailors with glory, we are met to do honour to one who among- a hest of heroes stands con. spicuous for transcendant mertL (Cheers.) The toast I hlave to prop to you is, "the Army and Navy." At no time could L"ngEge en feel more grateful to those services than after the war from whch we have just emerged. Never didthearmyof England achieveforitself greaterrenown. It is trne that the operations of a protracted siege did not give an opportunity for the display of those strategical nbilities which in former times crowned our armswith glory; hut we have had stubborn fight& to wage, in vwhich the coursge of our troops has been put to the test, and periods of privation and sufl&ring vwhich have tried their powers of endurance to the uttermost. (Cheers.) Wel and nobly have they issued from these ordeals. The stern battles of the Aima, of Balaklava, and of Inkermnan were pre-eminently soldiers' battles, (Hear, hear.) They showed that Britons still possess the same stubborn and in. domitable courage which has distingnished them in all ages *nd in all climes. Our navy, too, has onlywanted an enemy to contend with. Neverwas it in a higher state of efficiency. 2ever was its spirit more galantly strung than it is now, and was throughout the late war; and, if it has not signalized its prowess as highly as it could have wished, it is simply because its power w-as somanifestthat its foe dlurStnot -venture forth to meet it. I fear we have no representative of the navy present; but I see before me many gallant members of the sister service, and I have great pleasure in calling upon one of that porud throng to respond, becanse of his intimate association with a hero to whom we to-night do honour, Among those whose fame will be inseparabl bound up with the name of Kars is Colonel Teesdale. I rejoice to see his galant father at our festive board, and I bel to couple the name of EO worthy a sire of so distinguished na eou with this toast. (Cheers.) The Chairman then concludedbygiving " the Army and Navy,"conectinggwith the toast the name of Colonel Teesdale, senior, of the Artillery. (Loud cheers.) Colonel TEE-DAI E, Senior, in returning thanks, observed, 'that the reception which the Guards and other portions of 'the army had met with on their return from the Crimea fully evinced the generous sentiments of the people of England towards that service, and he felt confident that the anrmy, whenever called upon, wvould always entitle itself to nnequal meed of public gratitude. (Elear, hear.) The gallant colonel also expressed his acknowledgments for the kind invitation he had received to meet his SOn. Sir iA Cocscnuau.-Gentlemen, I now rise to propose to ycu the toast of the evening, "our gallant, our distinguished, our honoured guest, Sir Wiliam F. Williams of Kars." (Prolonged cheering.) I have designated him by the name which it has pleased his Sovereigu to confer upon him-a namie which will henceforth be associated in imiperishable renown with that beleaguered city of which he by his courage and energy so long protracted the defence. (Cheers.) But there is another name which I hope will still sl ng to him in spite of the new title with wbich he has been rewarded. Let him stilLbe "the WiUiams Pasha-chok adam dur"-that "no end of aman," whichlthebraveTarksunder his command not inaptly called him. (Loud cheers.) I own that I feel myself placed in circumstances of no ordinary embarrassment. I cannot do justice in his presence to Sir Wiliam Wiliams of Kars, for in attempting to portray 'merit like his, truth necessarily amumes somewhat of the semblance of flattery. Yet when it devolves upon me to I resent his name to your notice, and I see him surrounded by a gallant band of warrior brethren, it is impossible for me to remain silent. Assuredly history presents no instanc3 in which difficulties, apparently insurmountable, obstacles to ordinary men insuperable, have been so gallantly overcome by the force of genius, of courage, of indomitable energy aud untiring perseverance. (Cheers.) When Sir Wiliam Williams went to Ears he found an army-if such, indeed it could be caDled-demoralized, disorganized, destitute of everything; abandoned and plundered by those whose business it was to support it; dispairing of everything; in- the face of an enemy disciplined, provisioned, and consisting of gallant soldiers, led by able generals. Under these ad. verse circumstances this brave hero never for a moment desponded. He grappled with viUlanons pashas (laughter and cheers), he thwtarted and repsed their love of peculation and plunder, stinmulated the dormant energies of others, it,srirad all with a portion of his own activity and courgeS swon the conaidence of the EMusulmen troops, and animated tlem -with the belief that, under his gudance, they were a znatch for the superior strength of'their foes. (Cheers. From such, materials he found the means of defending that otherwise doomed city. For months he maintained that defence by his own vigour, energy, and courage, assisted by a band of heroes worthy of their leader. If after . 3 time, hbowever, }ars was destined to fal, it did not sur- render until en army overwhelming in numerical strength }lad been repulsled from its walls. it it fell at last it fell not benteath the sword or the cannon of theoenemy, but before that foe-famine, which neither courage nor vigonr nor "reolution can re3ist, and in its fall itcoveredisganson with a glory as imperishable as the own of their heroic' defence. The name of Sir William Willias will ever livo' in the grateful recollection of his countrymen. All.%reo proud to do him honour, for if there be one thing with -ehich Englishmen symp3tize more than another, and to which, they more heartily give the meed of their unmixed -npplause, it is courage, vigoar. energy, displayed amid over. wlhelming difficulty and disaster. (Cheers.) By these great qualities our honoured guest has been eminently distinguished-I will not say above his fellows, but in the fore. most rank of England's cherished warriors his name will fill a prominent place. (Cheers.) We are prod to welcome him among us, to pay ourhumbetribute to his transcendent merit. This is, stistrus, a pOlitical institution, yet I am sure I speak the sentiments of all w hen I declare that politi. - cal considerations have had no in'duence in this demonstra- tion. (Cheers.) When we first invited him to become our. guest I believe none of us knew whatpwere his political -o:iDions, nor should we have cared. As the poet says:-' "Before suchmerit all distinctions fly.". And as the mountaineer in ancient times would not ark the nmae or lineage of his guest, so we are only too proud to pay the tribute of or homage to the valour of the soldier, without inquirig for amomentwhat isthe character of the poli-. t'cian. Itake the liberty of reneating whbtwassaiM to him by h;h magnanimous foe General Mouravieff-that, associated with r, he has earned for himself anundying name in the l±ory of -af (Cheers.) I beg, therefore, gentlemen, to propose to yoa toast, to which know I you wil Al respond wsit one united acclamDation and one united heart, " the Wealth of the illustrious SirWilliam Williams, of' Enrs." (Cheers.) The toast was drunk amid the most enthusiastic applause. Sir WILUAe WsIaAlls was received with load and -prolonggd cheering. He said,-Mr. Chairman, my lord, and gnatlemen, in rising to retu-n thanks for the toast vwhich hag been so eloquently proposed and so enthusiatically drunl, I can assure you that I a at a loss to find suitable terms in whichtoacknowledge your kindness. (Cheers.) Since my return to this country I have received abundant mnarks of honour and consideration from my Sovereign, and of affection and regard from the people of England. .1 ,have enjoyed the hospitality of my brethren in arms in militay clubs. I have also been magnificently. entertained by public bodies in the city of London; but the invitation with which I was fAvoured from the Reform Club was receired by me with especial satisfaction (hear, hear)., because I felt that it emanated frpom a body of men of great esninence ad great political power, aul, was -givsn to me, not in my capacity of a politician, bet simply as a soldier. To the allusions made by your chairman to my companions in arms and to the brave Turkls who co-operated wvith us I am most happy to respond. I, have on former occasionh7 ex4ressed, aid I cannot'too frequently repeat, my grateful sense of the manner in which my gallant comrades etood by me-of not onAy their great courage, for that I expected from them, but of their great abilities, ;and if with soch a'sistance I had not perfornied the part which fell to m lotiJshouid have come farshort of the just anticipations of those who intrusted me with their confidence. The Turkish force wvhich acted under me -in Asia Minor underwezit all the privations and terrible tials to 'which they -mire exposed, in a wvay which it is impossible to praise too highly. They, therefore, deserve the generous appreciation of the British public as well as their sympathy and respect. It was not alone the Turkish soldiers -who foughtbly my side at Kars who conducted themselves so admirably.. Equal- honour is due to the heroic townsmen of that city, and even to its heroic women-I mi,ght almost also add t-he children among its population-whose patience and self-abnegation under the greatest misry and distress are well known to you alL Of one fact, however, you may not be awar On I ry eturn from Tiflis over the Caucasus I met General Mouravieff at Stavropol, and almost the last thing he told me was that after he entered alrs in one house he foupnc not less thau 10 corpses of these heroic men, who, too proud to ask for~that bread of which they knew my own gir. tison and' the women and children of tho place stood so mnuch-in,need, had silently died of starvation. (Cheers.) My gallant friend, as I shall always be proud to designate General Mouravieff, further observed that ho, found in many houses one, and in others tio bodies of persons who had. shared a similar fate. I mention these facts as some proof of the truth of the assertions I make, -whenever I have the lhonour of addressing a public audience, -as to the vitality of Turkey if she is treated by the allies in the way which she ought to be. (Hear, hear.] If a high tone is taken towaids 'the Turks-if they ara; told that they most endeavour to reform their institutions and eradicate that corruption *hich has been the plague-spot on their countryor, when the intervention of the a3lies is again necen'ary, -it will not takeplece in the interests of the Turks only-if] such a tone is ado pted tovards then, I have no doubt that, Turkey w4JI right herself, and that England and Franca will ieap the fruits of the treasure they have spent and the blood they have spilt in her defence. (Hear, hear.) Above all thin's, they should be told that wre can never believe that the Cenrtral Government casnnot repress assassination or the whole8ale murder of its subjects in any part of the empire. -On this point I will, particularly insist in Parliament and elsawhera, for Iknow every portion of the country from-the cataracts of the NTile to the mountains of Armenia. -I can give you an illustration of what I mean. In the city of .rzerourm a serious rising of the population took place, not against the Christians, bat against a certain sect of- Maho-w metans, when an ambassador's house was forced -and his secretaries and servants put to death. I was present when, this insurrection of many thoTusands of armed men occurred, acd I see opposite a gentleman who was by my side on-that occasion. We went out and calmed the crowd-the ambassador -was rescued, and for a time the disturbance appeared to be allaved. Yet the criminals remained in the town, and doubtless the outrages would have been repeated but for what I am about to relate. In conseo,tence of my representations to the central Government, bodmes of troops, no less than-fve months after, were marched into the disaffected part of the country, and oc-cupied and suirounded the town, wlhen in the space of half-an-hour the, whole of -thp culprits were arrested and delivered over to justice. I narrate this circumstance in the hope that the people of Erigpland, in conjunction with the French-that noble and splendid nation-will in future insist on the Ottomanr authorities immediatelynnwrebing a force into any district where violence is committed, and require, in fact, that the law shall be vindicated. -If this course -be taken, and the desired result attained, the blood spilt and the treasure spent in the late war, I repeat, will not have been wasted. (Hear, bear.) Gentlemen, yon know that I have been returned to Parliament. (Cheers.) In selecting me the electors of Calne have paid me the highest compliment which a stranger could possibly receive. As I told my constituents, so I will tell you, that I enter the House of Commons solely that I may on fitting occasions offer to the country my opinions on niilitary matters, with which I have, perhaps, some acquaintance (hear, hear), and also on the affairs of the East. On these two questions, and on no others, do I take my seat. It is quite impossible that a man who has served his Sovereign for 32 years, 27 of which have been passed abroad, can have anything to do' with the party politics of this country (hear, hear); and moreover, als stated to my constituents, I am wholly- untingedbyinterested views or personal ambition. -I trust that my future conduct 'ill bear out these professions. (Cheers.) I hopeldonottfatter myselfwhenIsay,I believe that lam looked upon by th ;people of England wvith a certain degree of respect and-perhaps I may presume to add-affection (hear, hear), and the expression of my coivictions at suitable opportbuities may be of some little service. (Cheers.) At the same time I feel equally confident that if I venture to dabble in thingps which Ir don't understand-if I once attempt to go beyond my depth, that instant I shall forfeit all the influence I I have acquired. (Hear, hear.) As your- excellent chairman observed, we have now reachedthe-termination of a glorious war. If you had been in Russia, and had heard, as I have done, the sentiments uttered by our lace antagonists, you would have no room to doubt that for us the conflict was a glorious one, and the peace equally so. (Hear, hearn You know how we began the struggle. We did so-as f, hare previously said-without asystem, iwithout establishments, and, in fact, with half a sword. (Cheers.) Instead of being able to rush into the fight immediately after thie declaration of wvar wre had then positively to forge our weapons. I had the high gratification this day to show to a most intelligent and amiable prince-Prince Oscar of Sweden-before lhis departure frlm our shores, the Arsenal at Woolwich-an establishment which he had previously visited seven, or eight years ago. It wsm pleasing as well as most instructive to me and others to hear that illustrious personage compare what he witnessed at the Arsenal only this day with what he saw there on his former visit. The efficiency of that splendid establishment -hs grown out of cur efforts since the war commenced. I bring these matters under your notice in the hope that the improvements which the distinguished Prince I have named discovered and commented upon with such satisfaction mav not, by any motives of false economy, be suffered asain fo dwindle into nothing until, perhaps, another war shal startle the country from a sleep like that from which it recently awok-e unprepared after a period of 40 years. (Hear, hear.) These are the topics to which, when I have the pleasure of addressing anyjpnblic assembly, I wish to advert. £ trust that the members of the R;eform Club winl lend their aid in a matter in which the national safety is at stake, to guard from undue diminution the effective armaments and munitions which have sprung, as it were, from our blood and our mortification, and which ought to be vigilantly preserved. (Hear, hear.) Gentlemen, I might continue this strain of remark almost indefinitely, but I fear Ihave already trespassed too far oni your indulgence for an afterdinner speech. C" No, no !") Allow me, therefore, only to add that I thank the chairman most sincerely for the very eloquentand too flattering temas in which he has introduced my name, and this company for the very hansome manner in which they have received it. (Load and prolonged cheering.) Colone S. ADu., L.P., said, he had to propose a 'toast without which the proceedings of that evening would be incomplete. They had ail heard Sir W. F.- Willhams, in language which became the brave leader of brave men,' excpress the high admiration in which he held the gaUlant men who had participated in: his achievemenlts and his glory; and they knew the generous sentiments which actuated him to be such that lie insisted that in any honours paid to himself his brother oficers should receive a share. (ear, hear.) Tbe annals of the British army abounded in brilliant examples of heroic bravery and fortitude, but were inscribed with none more glorio6ssthan thbse ofBSilistria and Rars. He had therefore much pleasure in inviting them to: drink, 'with all the honours, " the health of Colonel Lake, Colonel Teesdiale, Dr. Sandwith, Mr. Churchill, and Mlr. Rledhouse, comrades of General Williams in the defence of Kars." ((Loud cheers.) - Colonel LA;F in acknowledging the compliment, re-marked that, how;ever undeserved he and his companionsin-arms felt the eulegiums pa-sed upon them to be, it was gratifyin' to them to know that their poor endeavours to do their duty were appreciated by their countrymen and by tbeirdistinguishedhbeets. (Hear, hear.) With sueha bright 'example before them as that set by their gallant chief, it would have been strange, iisdeed, if they had not striven to acquit themselves to tho best of their ability. (Cheers.) Vice-Chancellor Sir W. P. WOOn said, that the task had been intrusted to him of calling them away from the tones of triumph in which they had - heretof6re been indulging, to listen to a sadder strain, and one akin to the solemn and muffled 'peals whieb accom. panied " the Dead March." He bad to bring to their recollection the memory o6 Captain Thompson and the brave men who fell at Kara. (Hear, hear.) That theme would not beas unwelcome asthe skeleton at thefeasts oEthe heathen, because, to speak of no highor feeling, as patriots =d-English gentlemen they must feel a mournful satisfac. tion in paying a tribute to the brave departed who had' fallen in the discharge of their duty. (Hear, hear.) They could not but think- of the honoes of iehnown which must, in some degree, hare cheer6d onL those gallnt spirits in their heroic efforts, for who could forget the memorable saying of Nelson, " The peerage, or Westnminster Abbey." (Hear, ear.) These heroes nowi no more had, in the words of, deneral Mouravieff, their chivalrous opponent, added abriliantpageto thehistory ofcivilizedwarfare; and, haviDgheDed to heap up that beat of-all na'tional treasures, the inspiring excamples of a country's bravest SOnS, it might be truly said of them that- - Ev'n in their ashes live their wonted fires." (Cheers.) He had no wvish to draw any comparison to the disparageinent of our gaUant army and general in other quarters of the globe. The time would come when our owngreat commander, who led our army to the Crimea and defeated an overwhelming enemny at Alma and Inkermann would receive that justice which he had up to this hourbeen denied. Yet the smal band of heroes, shut up within an Asiatic fortress, with stan-ation staring them in the facoe, tot knowing but that their lives would fall a sacrifice to hinger or the sword of the foe, unconscious that any his-- tonian would tell their deeds to Europe, and ignorant that they had a gallant adversary who would do them justicedisplayed a valour and fortitude under such circuwstances th atpre emin entlyentitledthemto the affectionatcaedsirat.on which the people of England felt for GenerilWilliatni and his gallaut companions. (Hear, hear.} Turning. however, to the officer whose loss they deeply deplored-Captain Thompson-his nane.. was first, -made mnown to the _bli sat hhomne byr the - touching incident consecte. with the- ftrnsmiwiion to Kars of his medal (l:estewed for service endered in -India), by: Jil rnoffiexi ianglsd, wrho, f.eainthat-this detoration mtight. be intercepted by the enemy, wrote a latter accompanyng it to General ?sonravieft appeaing-not^nvan, asthbeeret' pro red-to his honour as a aoldierto allow a soldiar's rerasid to reach the breast enititled to wear iti ~(Heai, Sear.3 vThe' height af radagh intiited to Captain Thompson, who was meen from morping to night incessantly eping the-horkAn with hiuelecope, andat night visitingtheoutposts. On that gt Michaelmas-da of lastear this ,oung officer, althouugh not sttioned the-positionthat taas atacked or engaged immediatelyi theconfict;yet with anenergy and an-intelligencA..h idite orders of his conmmzndes, aiurnedpated the OTdes ofhl6 ommader,turnued a large gun underbhia *haige against the advanced guard of thej approaching Russians, and thereby rendercd essential servico in achieving the xictory in which about ,000 menleft an equl nuniber of the enemy deatd upon the fliel. (Hear, hear.) There was s8ch a, strong' parallel betwean the oonduct of our gallant countrymen on St. Michael's. day, 1855, anud wFhat hapPieied .400' sears agro at A.ucourt, that he {Sir W. P Wood) could uot refrain from quoting, with a slight change, the language that our grea' draniatist put into the mouth of men whose sentiments wrere identical with those whbich animated tPenerrl Williams and his noble comrades.- : Lif we are marked to die, eare enow "To do our countryloss; and if to live, "'rho fewer men the greater share of honour. . . . ,- Then iball our names,. "Famln:iar in their moutbs 4s household words- "Williams, Lake, Thompson, TWeedale, Sanidwith, * " Be in their flowing cups rememhere. This story shall the good nan teach his son - 'And now. St. Michael's-day shall ne'er go by, "From this time to the ending of the world, M Bat le in it shall 'ce remembwred, "WFe few, w.e hacpy few, we band of brothers." (Cheers.) Ie begged give "The memory.of Captain Thormpson and the brive men who fell at Kars." The toast was drunk amid solemn silence. - - Lr. M. T. BASS, M-P., in proposing"The TurkishDefenders of Kars," said, it was impossible to despair of the nation which mroduedel the troops who fought at Citate, Oltenitsa, andEars. Even a General -like the one whom they ladmmet to honour could do little without the help of good soldiers; anud it was only when good soldiersw ere led by a good General that deeds could be performed such as those achieved at laz. In the memorable defence of that devoted fortressthe troops were worthy of their officers and their o'dicers worthy of such troops. (Cheers) Sir A. Coc!;IuRs.-I beg to give you a' toast which I inow will find a ready response in thegenerosity of Britons We have spoken hitherto only of the defenders of Sars. I amnowabout to referto one of its assailants. While I-dis. tinctlydisclaim and repudiate all hypocritical magnanimity, I am ready to shake hands after the combat with a galant enemy. (Sear, hear.) Yet, where I havo been forced to Cngago in the fight. by injustice and tyranny; I am .ot prepared the day after it to hug to my bosom the man with whom .1 have stood in mortal conflict. (Hear, hear.) I leave it to the unctuous phraseology of diplom acy to smooth over matters of con. troversy between hostile nations. ("Hasr, hear," and a laugh.) I am not one of those who admire Russian tactics or.Russiaa diplomacy. But there are splendid exceptions; andifvwe have tocomplain of the conductoftheenemy 'towards our wounded on the heights of Inkermani, or of the manner in -which an unarmed boat's crew were attacLed' a,t Hango (hear, bear), where we find an antagonist animated by the noblest sentiments of chivalry and solaierlike generoity let us not refuse to do him honour. (Hear .hear.) Among the chivalrous soldiers of the world the gallant Mouravieff deserves a conspicuous Place. (Cheers.) All that we have, heard of him is calculated to inspire us with the warmest and most enthusiastic admiration. (Cheers.). Or honoured guest will, I am sure, hear out everg word I am about to utter. When r-educed by the horrors of faumine, and seeing his soldiers perishing day. by day, until at length only a miserable remnant of the:n was left, Sir'W. Williams felt that the time had come when he must seek honourable terms of capitulation, he weat forth to meet General Mouravieff, and was received by him in the most frank, gallant, and high-minded spirit. (Cheers.) When our valiant guest declared that he was prepared to surrender, but must demand hononrable terms, ;nd that if he did not obtain them nothing' should be left to fomish a trophy to the enemy-that everything should be' destroyed, and the conqueror might then enter to wreak his vengeance on the. helpless, band, worn down and wasted by hunger and disease, General hIouravieff at once replied, ".I wish to infict no revenge or humiliation on an army and a General whose nerits.I, as a soldier, amn the first to acknowledge have earned forthema name in historyg lam ready to meet you on terms which are all that one soldier can ask ftom another." In that spirit the capitulation.was agreed upon. There sits Dr. Sandwith, whose devotion during this famous-siego wiill livo long in the grateful recollection of his countrymen, and whose admirable work shows-that his literary tadents are as great as his professiof3al sklil and his gallantry in the field. (Cheers.) That gentleman tells us hovv magnanimously the brave Mouravieff behaved in at once giving, him his freedomn. The eloquent and gifted judge who recently addressed us relate to'us the affecting anecdote of the mother and her son, which also redounds to -the immortal honour of this ltussian General in whom we must all feel that our. own noble coinmander met a worthy foe. .(Cheers.) The toast, therefore, ihat I have now to offer you, which finds no place upon the list, but has arisen spontaneously, is one which must be hailed with acclamation, not merely by every soldier pre. sent, but by every man capable of responding to high and honourable emotions. I give you, gentlemen, " The health of General Mouravieff." Drunk, amid loiud applause. Mlr. THAdBs NORTOSX, in proposing "The Houses of Parliament,"bricflyadvertedtothefactthit the club had the honour of welcoming to its board in one and the samie person an illustrious hero and the youngest member of the Lower House. (Cheers.) Earl For.TEsCuE, in responding on behalf of the House of Lords, said,-I feel persuaded that this assemblage, regarding the Upper House as a settled order in the State and an essential part of the constitution, wiL alvays be disposed to accord it whatever measure of respect it is entitled to claim. Although you may regret, as I do, the recent shortcomings of that body on an important question connedted with the great principles of religious liberty; yet if yon revert to the general course of our legislation for the last 10 years, and to the improvements which, under the direction of honest and liberal Governments, have been made in the,laFs regulating commerce and navigation, and in,our various institutions-moral, social, and economical-you will not be inclined to deny to the House of Lords a fair share of the credit due to. those who adopted measures which have resulted in the increased prosperity and contentment of all classes. (Hear, hear.) In the peculiar circumstances under which we have met to-night, I may perhaps be allowed to claim an additional meed of praisa forthe House of Lords on account of the joy with which it hailed and the promptitude with which it passed theact which enrols the name of Sir W. F. Williams, of Kars, in the pages of our statute-book along with such worthies as NeLon, WeUington, and Raglan. (Cheers.) M'r. MoFF-ATT acknowledged the compliment on behalf of the House of Commons. General WsiLLTAs then gave '"The Chairman," who had so worthily presided over them, and by his rare eloquence throvwn a charm over theirproceedings. (Cheers.) Sir A. COCSBUR'Nu responded. He felt that a inmitary man ought to have occupied the position which he had so inadequately flled; bhtha had regarded the invitationtotak-e the chair that evening in the light of a command. To have his name associated with a gathering held to do honour to so brilliant a star of the epoch as the hezo of Kars would be to him alasting source of gratification.- (Hear, hear.) The last toast, "T1he Vios-Clinirmen" (C,olonel S. A.dair, hi.?., and Mr. Bass, Ml.P.), was proposed by 3Ir. W. N. WeLbhy, and duly acknowledged, after wIhich the company MIr. Hazker officiated as to asuimaster.
gE,HEB .A1 JESTY'S THEATRE. AMdemoiselle Tohanna Wagiier. on aD.. rday night ap. peared -as Lucrezia Borgia in the opera. of that name. Though the part is not'likely to become so oompletely ideau tifiedwith her as that ofRomeo, herlargeness of manner, both as a vocalist and as an actress, gave importancd to tlie im. personation, especially at the end'of the first (reallythe second) act, when the result of the mother's long-sastained anguim was exhibited with marvellous power. MI. Carlo Braham, who ad already distirguisheclhimself as a concerC singer, made his dcbut as Gennaro, and was received with' the welcome due to the niember of a family long associated with the history of musical art in this cointry. The part, which is an extremely arduous one, and requires efficient acting as well as singing, was perhaps somewhat beyond his present ;cowers, hut be executed his ta'sk so as to siderabWo applause. Thc pcopular character of Matio Orsits! wbas sulstained by Liademoiselle Amadel, whio sang the "'Brindisi" with a areat deal of dash and vivaci-y The house wias filled in every part, and the new ballet w;ent off. with great cclate.
ASSURATCE COMPAN]IM .-A large blue-book jUst publivhed. gives a retUr~n of the naneI places of business, and objects of all .ass-ance companiets comnpletely registered from the passing of the act 7th and 8th Victoriit Cap. 110, to thi5 day, togethar with their a ts The I. inlludes 1115 cOoDpaniebs and their accounts, cC., e:ctend over a. 5pace of 300 pades. [AdveAhti*ement.]-CGenernI Sir Fenwicic Wil1iams of }ars-ThgaldlantGeneralhss, wehearwith oesure,doternine.ito giTo sOMO of his letters to Colonel Lake, to be included in his nart- tive of the" Blockade of Y-ar. nnd the Aceennt of the Ca-tivityo - the Defenders of this extrAordinary Fortres." Colonel Laes A Diary will. moreovyer. form pastof thisvolaunst. - [Advertisementj -The Neow Novel, "'lhe Mai of th3 World: or. Vanities of the Day.' by S. W.l ?alcm arthor of "The- GreaC lighwary." is nowr readyat aUtheilbrasiee. iu 3 suis , ith eeren' iUustrationson steel byJohbLeech. "Mr. IkIlom's nYw novel is by no mcans behind that etadard of excedlece the author has attain I in Its .redvcessors. Itbtypesoftho 'TanitoI0f the&Wary'.a3Oid of strkingly original features. Tahentoryi-told with a straightforwfard air of simplicity, where every trace of suttlec effort disappezAs, au_l the very natunr of theplot reuder3 thevolmesfaECinating to the miosdesultory reader. ho-ettyle is emlnci,tly characterisiic oftie an'thdr beinh free, flowing. asd iliniatic, while the vhols art and mvtery hi ' teilm6-Dbii tale wuithoue theo mnaings' have riot often reeived aI better illust,ration., The events produce a climax,>workedliD-if da manner at beea breatllesowaad tremendono. liendesthemerspleasure given by graphic details and a vivih. imper.onation of eveats, there are pi.ctures of opeative avnd factFory lffo inCh an w e have rot' found intany narrative vf past facts bitibertogivev. With this recoin-- mendatilee eleave this admnirable work to the suces that must ue cessarily attend UPOn it."-" Dispatch". CharesB X,tL;e,ig t tram-street, Charisig-ccos - - ~
I DRURY-ZZAN THEATBE. Cn Saturday night theo amateur pzntomimists Who in ths couiee of the last year and, !half have ,ade, so coqspicuomS .a figure in our metropolis performaed for the first timebefore a^general public,-that ii Ato say admission was ncd confind to 'tho- holders of pro-purchased tickets. The profit3 , derive& .from;. their-more private .exhibitions . jad. been devoted to charitable purpses3, and the object ,of 1SaraWays performanco wag tho eta-blishment of ta fand,to be entitled the " ielding Fund," for the immediate reliif:F ,emergencies in the literary or thea-tical.world. Provincial and suburbau readers mTayre.. I quireto-MtUld that:the-word "Fielding" has reference to A club of that name, ofWich ost of tho.amateurs.are members. A , . .The house-wa ncrowded in every part and from the ni7r which,vas exWhibited by the auaience we nzy arrive at tbe:conclusion that, an amateur pantomime is an artiie that wil stand wear and tear better thau the generality or rep,ated pleasantries. --The pantomime was Willi.s,n 2W1, vwich we noticed -lsat month, when ,it was first played at hQe Lyceum bythe:same cgmpany, and we have only to say that all the parEes poacerned in-. it sustained their estblished character for humour, spirit, and agility. However, particular interest attached on this occesion to ,Mr. Planch'es farce, the Loan- of a Lover, -which proeeded the, antomime. The leading patrons of amateur performances are usually acquainted with thesecrets of the couli,is, and it was well known t'o a large portion of- the audience that the young lady wio under. the,name of Louisa Millar made her " first appearance on any stage" in the character of Gertrude was a -member of one of the most esteemed theatrical familieos-in Lndon. A storm of apnlaus0 greeted her as she -tirst ca:me -for*ard, accoutred in a sntart NetherlAnd - costume, in which the gold hel. met, celebrated by, 3. Albert Smith, played:a conspicu| ous part-Ahe & i:iof -lFlemish beauty. - Sanguinea- the expectations were, thdywero morp than justifed by the performance of the interesting young &s'ulante. The character of Gertrude admits the greatest delicacy of interpre. tation. She is a kind-heaited creature who has beocn- generally, neglected on Accobuit of her poverty, ad has set her heart on a louitish youthi, 1io neter finds out that -he is in love with her till he has reason to beYieva thit shc- 'will be given to, another. She endeavours to i vaken th- a affeotions of the stolid Peter, and the vexations that arise- when lie will 3iot understand the meaning of the fond little being at hiselbow, but goes -on 'hturting her feelings by alluding to every woman in'the world except herself, afford opportumities for P thousand' pretty :nsmiles and pouts, inoicatng hopes- awakened to- be iuniiediately crushed-momentary triumphs and deep humiliations. All the rapid changes of emotion that pass through the mind of the young beauty vwere expressed by Miss Miilar in the easiest and at the same time most- piquant manner. So perfectly, was she at her ease in the delivery of her dialogue and in all her gestures that nothing in her performance, except her extremely youthful appearance, marked the d6butantfe.. -The favourite song, "I've no money," sung -ith the nicestfeeling, revealedthepossession of a sweet soprano voice, and was enthusiastically encored. Peter Spyk, played originxlly by Mr. Keeley, ws sustained by Mrs. Xeeley on this occasion, and admirably did she give all the phases of indifference aid passion through which the thick-skinned swain is forced to pass till he acquires the hLihest degree of sensibility. With the exception of Mr. Kiox, jun., who shdlfully contrived to raise the small part of Delve to a degree of prominence which would scarcely be cxpected from it, there was ndothing remarkable in the rest cf the characters. To night (Monday) Mr.unn will tako a benefit at this iheatre, and a comnbimation of talent collected from various directions will be formed for the occasion.
LYCRUM THEATRE. The impression first made by Madame listori in Mdca, and more than confirmed by her performance in 2Bosmunda, hassocompletely-associatedher-image withthe ideaof the highesttragedy that the announcement of her appearance in a comic character must have appeared to a large portioi of her British admirers a sort of contradiction in terms. By persons who have traced her progress from the commencement of her Italian- career we are, indeed, informed that comedy vwas her original-vocation, but the knowledge of thisfact, however widely diffased, could scarcely counteract the effect of theb circumstance that she was originally tragic tons. Nor is the part which-she selec'ed for her appearance in a new light one of that stately or sentimental kind in which the distinction between the tragic and the comic approaches its vanishing point..- 1irandolina, in Goldoni's comedy, La. Locandiera, is a personage who is utterly devoid of every seriousquality,-intellectual or emotional. Grave thoughts anddeepfeelingsare 'alikealien to her disposition. The keeperofa.fashionable' hotel, she allows her customers to address her in a strain of love, and by accepting their pre. 5ents awakens hopes she never intends to realize. The good of the establishment and the gratification of her own per. sonal vanity are the sole motives of her extremely heartless3 conduct, Her relation to her head waiter, to whom she has been aLhost betrothed by her father on his deathbed, might easily have been spiced with a little sentiment by theauthor without detxinfent to the gaiety of his play. Nevertheless hehas kept 'aloof fronl the affections with a fidelity wortbh of Wycherloy or C06ngreve, and- makes his heroine confess to us that, thoughshe encourages-the aspirations of thepoor waiter, she only does,this if order to secure his faithful service-" Voglio tener lo in speranza, percho mi serva con fedelta." The fascinating powers and the excessive heartlessness of this detestable chanmer are, however, chiefly shown in the case of a certain unhappy Cavaliere di Ripafratta, who in an unguarded mnoment has declared himself a- hater of the fair sex. Here is an. opportunity of tiring strength and of aver ging the cause of womanhood that is not to ba slighted by a professed co4uette.- At first harshly repulsed' by the misogynist, she is determined not to leave unemployed any'expedient that may ultimoately bring him to her feet. She viins his ear by praising his roughness of manner as a peculiarity distingusishing him from the mob of empty flatterers by -whom she is surrounded, she supplies his apartment with the choicest- linen, she -cooks. his dinner vith her own hands, By theise arts the cavalier's resolution is gradually undermined, tho workthat has been commenced wit h an air' 'of ietiring modesy is furthered by languishing looks and expressions-of unniistakeable significance, and it is in cofiequence of a natural progression of thines that wve find the hiostess and the woman-hater sitting together at the same table, and drinking copiously of burgaundy, which beverage is 'seasoned bythe- folNviwi rhymed toast, wickedly ittered by bliraaioina:- - - "'Viva Bacco. e viva Amore "I'ea c raltro.ci=ceoela; U ino pasza per la gola "Ivaiteo va d3zli ccdc al cuore. "Bevo il ain, cogli ocehi Poi4 Faccio quel che fate ToL. A fainting fit which takes place when the cavalier offers to pay his bill and depart completes the victory of the 'tocanldicra." ,,, - Nowv, however, thc torture of the 'ictim is to begim. Hivirg beeii most artfullJYcajoled, he is'to bh most -cruelly "c 8sillusion6." In the frenzy of a newly-awakened passion eC'goes throuigh every phase of humiliation before his isnnamorsata, dangling about her at the boardlwhere she irons her'. linen, burning his fipgers -with the implemnnt of mbotbeess, aiid ali the. while treated with the - most cutting indiffesrice. Indeed, Mirandolinm has not only cast aside'the mask of niodest affection, but she gives evident eigr,s cf -her' predilection - for the waiter, anid thius adds the pangs of jealousy, in its most insulting shapes to'the agonies of thoe cavalier, wvho, that nothing may be emitted that can tend to increase his misery, has also to enadiur-the ierisiy'iilasughteriof his friends. His passion atf last r&nderisg him dangerous, Mirandolina becomes afraid of. hin, aund givesiher hand to Fabrizio, the waiter, 'that she mnay have a protoctor. - With this arrangement, and the de. parture of the cayVlieriin a state of almost mad desperation,' the piece c6ncludes. i - . - uII figth aracter of this sprightly 'speciinenof' fesia hcdrtteiedca3-3iadamae Ristori proves that she- isquite-as -mralh - at'honie in' comedy aa -in tragedy. Thie powdered bair and the; smirtlrippery of the middle of-the 18th century sit as easily ncon liei as the idqdle obe oE Colchis.her delivery of the prose language is as f1dent and naual 'as possiblo; her- triunmphs are those of the accoin plfahed coquette; lisr' arts are 'practised with all that ap~ pearaned of ans iufairi which is the essence of high comedy. Axt the same tisonewe are convinced'that, beyond the confines of.Italy,- she will never gain'a reputation by hej interprotition6nof Oxoldbni 6-oxuisitely finished as it is-similar to *hat whicli sbo aquires by her splendid renderings of Alfieri, oi even 6ffI.JgouyC. Whileve see heras weirandoYin.' we cannot avoid tbo mneasy reflection that, though'she is doing all that is. required, sbh is leaving the greater part of her-esources uneunploSed. The production of LaLocandie. is perfectl y7judictous, as it -has serredtoprovetheversamility of aslady'whose talent might otherwise haebeen supposed moro henlted than it realiy is. But her hysiquc, - her voice. -hb'r deportiffenta -all point to tragedy, anh tragedy miAst remnaint'the treponderating element ji her rtoire whenever sho visits Londop and Paris., ' ' W with spect 1 thle otbea inembers c the Italiau'company 'nowb Dgageat the yceium, thev-seem far mor ein their element wbile utteting the -phraeology of ordinary' i f e th oa n wh en r evriv inhg ithe fo rmins o f'asltlfq usi t y. S i g nogrG lee ok, .wbes iirpetsonati of Jason -in-Med& certainly sugested po reminisqence of the heroic- age, represents the tortures oof one.vi-tirized, - ,valier very creditable, manner. --For y ss Personhiges of the plaj-a Marquis, rh5' i!ailw 3tryiiijgtoIcoW grandin- piti of his poverty'-wehatvean a x6ellent eatot of- high -comedy, Signor Bellotti-' Bop,- Io hb s t.aken nbpart'in the tragic performances, and: 'dingeisheslshunself-hby the,erfect ease of' his speech and; hi,sdeporltnscuit.; Th, ket~iohf a:~elic of.;the old. Italian uobiity,'drivLn -to paltry' straits to keep ,up - appearance3, wbut proud through'all 'his-dificultses, is,' as far as the Asuthor, wscouberned, one of'itha best " bite' of the play. k '.-.- :- - . SprnZtW-A' retitAbY--publislied on'Eriday give i- listtof 1i vessels taken .t-seiQa,-rire, during the late'wir, by revenue cruisers or other coastguard vessels. . 0f these vessels seven were condemned, three were restored, 'and the cause of one is pending. The gross proceeds of the sale of eight ship3 and carg'rSea amounted to 2,280!., l,172!. 3,}lA1., 2.01l', S541.; 2,4iS1L, 1,3631., and 1,0141. To these dtZhta are appended co-ies -of -orders -addressed to the comn: rnzldicg cAicers-of revenue ersilsers, authsorizing them'--to' cruise in search of and to capture enemy'8s hi;ps dulring:.tis 'war.~~~~~~~ ,:-
THE SM}OKE NUISANCE. - TO THE EDITOT- OE THE TIMES. Sir,-I begto return my sincere thanks for the favour of inserting my letter respecting the smoke nuisance. I fear asking the favour for a second will be trespassing too much on-your valuable time and spaco of the paper. Still, if not convenient, throw it on one side. i number of persbns have visited the garden with a view of seeing a complete temple of roses,and becn disappointed at not seeing more than 200 or300,; hey say nothing of the healthy appearanee of the plants; the general display of other flowers, and the beautifulfoiag on "Ah," says one, "it's the summer set in so favonrable has done it." Another, " You have put more manure in the ground and exercised more mechanical skill than usual." Another, "You have had less nnfavourablewinds," &a. This, Sirisallidletallkfrom persons opposed tooth and nail to getting rid of the smoke. I maintain it is caused by a partial suppression of the smoke nuisance; and all the talking and argmng will not convinoe me otherwise. As afurtherproof of my 23 years' practical experienee, there -is, by the-entrance to the garden, a large old borAtree about 50 years old. Three years back it -was nehrly aead.; I pruned it, andl watered and tried -every means to keep it alive ; now, this year, it is a complete Pi-tfre, everyone noticing- it for the folage. Pray what has causad this? The large elms fronting the river are breaking downn with foliage,- three immense branches already fell; obliged to tie them up to eaeh other. Some fine old Cuba Japonica shrubs I-laid down tvro years back to save from dying from the evil effects of -smoke, are now beautif-ul. - Two iralberry trees planted -.13 years ago, scarcely grew a foot, have this -year made more wood thau for the Eli6leIByears, nnd-are shbwingfruit also. What is the eauAebofalthi, I should like to knov, if it isnotthe smoke.- Whath sdriven iway the poor swallows thatuased to herild in sumnim to these- gardens periodically but-lefl this- fEve -or six -years'? .-Why, the air of Hieayen being -so jolluted with beastly smoke t*he:- insects- -6ouol -not-eist,- in it; consequently the poor lbrdsha&nothmig to cat. Ilong to see them again as well asmy roses. - The factor-eson. tho Surrey side have not been quite so brd id the siight, but I am sorry to say they are getting worse in the day, and throw out immense clouds of smoke from the district between-the Lion Brewery to Blackfrisrs. bridge. Every one here is speaking to me about them,-why I do not complain to you according to promise, calling me the " Smoke Scavenger" (not a very agreeable title); stiUl I do notDinid their insults. - We live to do good if w-e can, Or rather ought to do so. I-hope Iam doinig no harm by stating simple uinartished truthi. These we3lthy proprietors flid it very nice- to come to their factories and earn theirfbread and butter, then go into the country to a sweet salubrious - air to -eat it, - and sleep after free from smoke, forgeting how they have poisoned our air with snoke; A very clever -engineer, at a large firm close by here, told met last night that a I"-horse, power engine he had ;two Cears ago, that did not. consume the smoke, burnt more coala than the one they have-nowv (2-horse power), so, in f-ct, it is a saving to the owners to consume the smoke. I Iray, Sir, do;hat you Ican for, us. Try to punrify and sweetmi the si-of E[eavon, and you will have the prayers of the ikl-poiioned citizens offeec uap for you to the end of yobs' da)a Three, poor -men frcm Lambeth called on mie *itb-these lamentattons about their bit of garden; they say thtbigarden;was once the pride of their heart, kept -themmanyand;hoii. frMau a publichouse, and from robbing the wife-nd -children of -their-hard earninogs; -ow they look-at themn iithi: pitif-k sigh, nothing will grow, the soot kills thems ill the swife cannot dry her clothes, for they are orser ichen dry thn beforethey wrere washed, so she is obliged to drr in thej -roo-m-they live in all through these horrid. potteries. Do assist this poor helpless hardworking class, and. Heaven will bless yon. - - - V, ..+.,.sl.. hat buhllml oheoient PuPvnt . - SAMUEL BROOME. Tenmple-gardeng, July 11. TAd& -r.t?seuient1rCoPiC d from the "-Durham County e* de pfy re ret to ounce tbhde thdo&f iIan StandLhei]bidiel Ecq.- of Corkcen-bl and of Dnbury.psrk, L*nca. shire, whichol p-acc sS at eOSdY hoU r YeStefl hXlOtnlg alter a abort iil.:e>- at Coli a-tL'b deceaoed who 'wa in his4h ea Ziwon' fy rei.pestd bysoen ofall olauo in the r of :EgIauD~ and his aub :tUDil enlCut, and hlosptable braa nehs eondtc,o b i2n to 3 Ulrge -1@ oE frieuA oJ, thzb13 11XS
LAW REPORn. - - - COURT Or CHaANCERY. LUwcoi?q'g.m-v. .TTrm. 1i colLis V. CATE. fRef&w the Lnn)n iTrnT I This we an appeal frowa a deate of Vjce-Ch&n.lor Wood, dismisang the bill xithout Dos6 Te plint sougit by him bill to relieve hiaxwlf froim the repoaaihiIib of an agement entered into by him il e year 1845 wi his brother, Charles CoUi4nliid tbe defenant Cave, on the ground that he had bee abolved from all sk undei the warement by a subeequent yerbal agreement the r lmi 'As bill also asked that a m of upxu rds d m,O30 p*d by the paintiff to hit brother migt be id to hi, or an account taken. It appeared that ow p r at law in relation to tbe maie trctione hdbeenhad between the partier, and in the course of the appellants Case. The LOIRDCHANCELLOR made so -me strong observa& tions that in his opinioa the plaintiff had no cae whxteve& to come into a court -of-equity uDoo, but at the same time tatzed that the plaintitf appeared ts have acted meoot honour. a'oly troughout the matter. Mir. Rolt, Mr. Daniel, and Mfr. Rasoli 'or tbe appal. lint5 had not concluded their argurnents wthen the Co0urt (beforc IhULomus Jauersis of APPEAL.) HOPE V. HOPE. - This appeal from a decision of the Master of the Rolls, overruling a demurrer, enpeged the Coort until its rising, and-stmxds over until Wenuesday morning with a view to an arrangement. - - Mr. Ftoundell PIalmer, Mr. Kenyon, and Mr. Amphlett peared for the appellant; the Solicitor-General and Mr. Terrell are for lir.s Hope, the pIlaintiff.
ROLIT.S COURT. Cnczmy-iLA TuL) 12. - P,RTAXITRtr.ATV' Ir- TTTTIRMmn_h.T",nm.1%_ .- (Brfore th1 MASTER of thc Ro-) . The MASTEP. of the RoLs gave judgment in this case, the facts of which aro are as follows:- Mm Da Blanchy had certain property settled uponher by hermarrige tlement, dAted July 12, 1816, With power to dispo6e of it bjwill. -In 132 her mother left her some more property upon the same conditions as thoee contaed in thmarnage settlement of 1816. In 1842 r e Blanchy made her will and left all the property she too under ths settlement and her mother's will, and also all other property which she possessed, to trustees upon trast, as to one noiety, for the benefit of her niooe, Miss BaSnbrigge, and as jo the other for her nephew, Mr. Willism Knight Thompson. Mrs.De Blanchy havingdiedin April, 1853,and Mr. Thomimsou in June, 1847, the quostioz raised in the suit as whether, from Mr. Thompson having predeceased Mrs. De BWancdy, the inoiety given to him under her will passed to his executors or the testatrix! next of kdin; and, Mis HoNoun held tha+ the evident intention of the testttrim was to benefit Mr. Thompson personilly, and not to exclude her next of kin merely to endow his executors.. Mr. Thomoson having died in the lifetme of the teahtri< : prevented-her wish being- carried out, and as Mr. Thompson never took a Tested interest his executors could take none. Decree in favour of testatrHe next of kin.
VICE-CaANCELLOW'S COURT. TuLr 12. IN TIM MATTL OF THE ATIEE.HX UM LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIET. (Before Via-Chanedlor WOOD.) Mr. ERwmuRcm (with whom was Mr. Daniel) appeared r in support of a petition by the dfrectore, praying that, the company might be wound up in chambers under the pro-isions of the Joint Stock; Companiec Winding-up, A cts, The company whnich had been formed in 1851 lad in.. curred liabilities to the amount of 2S,0001., ariasing froni - policies aud annuities grauted by them, one oftheirsheaiet losses being upon a policy for 13,000!. npon the life of a gentleman, which was now due. The aswets of the company vere stAted to be 10,0001. A meeting of the shareholders 7 had been held on the 27th of June last, at which it wasre-; solved-that the directors should be authorzied to take such. steps to wind up the company as should be deemed expedi-. ent.- A meeting of-the directors was held on the same day, at which it was agreed to wind up the company under the provisions of the Winding-np Acts. Mr. SELWYN, on behalf of some of the sareholders,. though he looked with the greatest suspicion uspon any pro.e iioncomingfromothe directors, admittedthatthere vaa no possibility of the comupany being carried on with advan age, -and was content that an order for winding up in - chambers shold be atonce made. Se asked that the costsshould be-reservedh Mr. WiLLCoCjc and Mr. FREEn, upon-a similar pe;ition by some of the shareholders, characterized in strong terms the reckless manner in which the business of the crmpany hsd been conducted by the directors. M1r. H. STEviNis was instructed to oppose the petition on behalf of other shareholders. The VIcz-C-zwcLLoit made the order for windin up the company in chambers upon the twopetitions, reserving the ec,ete
.SUMMEB .ASSIZES. - TTmiiP fTlrpTr! IBRTFORD. TUTY 12. * Mr. Justice EPLE got through the whole of the criui business on Friday evening. Two men. named-Bennett and Tebbles, were chargedwitix nmit poaching, and the latter pleaded "Gu;lty." Tl e former prisoner, who Was a very old offender, was z found Guilfy, and sentenced to four years' penal servittude,and as it appeared that Tebbles had been led ioto the scrape by his companion he was only sentenced to a month's inprisonment.. The moment the sentence was pronounced Bennett struck the other prisoner a tremendous blow under the ear, which felled him to the ground. Theturnkeys immediately rsbed.L upon him, hut it was with great difficultyithat he was secured. and prevented fromn committing fuarther violence. It appears tbat the penalty for committing an assault in the Queen's Court of Justice in the presence of the justices is no less a one thanF amputation of the right hand. In the ease of Arthur O'Connor and others 'who were tried for high- trcason, when an attempt -was mado to rescue the - prisoners from the custody ot the sheriff, and some of his officers were assaulted, several persons, and among themx Lord Thanet, were indicted for an assault and riot, and ilL some of the counts they, vere charged with committing the offence in one of the King's Courts of Justice and i' the presence of the justices, and, upon the jury returniny x- herdict of Caaitct, Lord Kenyon, who presided, eDs pressed & douHt fhether he onght notto pass the sentence of amput;a- tion upon the defdudants, and the diicultye asmonlygor - overiby the Attorney-Generlentering a noUc preseqsi upon those counts of the indictment which charged the offence o hsave been counnitted in a court of justice. (Beforc tle. Caad' BxGOt anod t Speide ensry.t nx5So:n V. GOODWIN. Thisgwas an action against the Ditrhin istrctBoardoor Health, forshavirg polluted the water of thc auiver His, near that ton, and alo for thavig diverted, improperly a spring from the nrver. - itr.wE. James, Q.C., o h r.lf sh, and tha.t evkns were counsel for the pdsiontiffe ur Chambers, Q.C., -Mr. Botfa n Q.C., and Mr. Garth for the defendant. The plaintiffBrw samillerat thitchino and the ction wa brought against the District Board of Health, for having, in - the course of their oneratio.s mthe town, caused a quantity - - of filthy matter to 90s into the river, and thereby caused it to be very iampure and stion.6T and that they had also diverted amsprinC,canedChattou pring,whpichusedformerI.- to snpply the river with nearly 200,000 PClloasof water daily forthe use of theintsabituts Theeffectof thiswastoreduee --erycor;siderably the quantity of water in the ifver, and this interfered with working the uill. The facts as alleged. on the declaration wkere fade out by a gleat manywitnesse sllof waho spo;e to tohe very great nisance that wag created by the sewa3ge from the towtn being allowred to flow into the river. -- It was urged onbehalf of thle defendant that everythig that-had been donewas done under thea*nthority of th:e act oE rtarhiament. and that the inhabitants of the towtn resnerail were ocne.'itted by the operatious that had been eff~ected. The OnnmE BAItoX aald, thiaa s noanawer to the case for' the plaintiff One person was not to be made nncouta--- .fortable, and hive to submit to a neisance of this kind for the bene£t of others. - A. diacussion then took place as to irhat shonld be done is the matter, a similar question basing arisen in other places, and amonog them at Croydon and Leicester. and at length it wasb arrs-uged that a nominal verdfict thould be aken for tbX pl intf uPon all'ho i3sues, with the under3tanding that the bor holae all the 6teps in theirpoter to remedy tl inoonveniences that were complained of. ItOBNTB0ON V. I}HS GRXAT X~O R-flX RA5LWAY COO) Yr. L. James, Q.C., and Mr. EH.wkins appessed for th* ' plaintiff; Mr. Bovill, Q.C., 31r. Rt Claris, vad 31r. Leech Wforthe defendants. The platintiff in this action sought to recover damages for an injury sustained hy him, as he alleeged, throughb the nagligenco of the lefendants. The action arose oult of asso^ dent that-took place on the 12th cE January hast5 at Has. ; field, whien a passenger train ran into at number of coa truclks that obstructed the -iue, and-a gn'd mny ofthe: paseengers wrere sesionary bust The plaintifl who formerycarried on an extensive businessl as a lead ~snrchasat ii London, s.nd who is nearly T0 years of age, received vary seveee inj'uries upon kis faoe, and it also ap raed tbat hia' spine w$ec aTjte and tb&t lehadz i 9tlfinternal,
('TImn- ~.: DEIFVT7.RS "T.z Bsaron MTnI having dispfx'ed of nil the criminal' basiness of the county before 4 clock yesterday afternoon iiiuinediately left for London. 7 Mr. Serie3nt sE } has been engaged all day trying ar ight to fishisg in ariver. *M. M. Smith ad MLr. Hodges wee counsel forthep1aiid-tiffr.and fr,,-Slade, Mr.Arney, andMr.Kn3gdonfortho - defendants. -It wasanuattersolely of local interest. The commn ission wll be opened at Winchester to-morro* afternoon. ! TREJTUnos Ir The effect of the railway on this circuit Tas been to. aiter the mnods of the present judges travelling. Mr. Baron MTartin and Mr. Serieant Channell, when not on rail, traveI by a hack ily. All dignity -is laid eside, Eo far as their own convenience, or rather, we esculd think, inconvenience, is concerned. The "yokela" don't understand it, and it is mot improbable that high sheriffs may think it a condescension on their- pazt tohave a handsome carriage and equipage to receive a jndebut of a common hack fly, the occupants of which, on t .he vious day or hour, maay have been prisoners who will shortly sad before the judge for triaL There are but 15 isuch persons as judges in the land, and it is a- itthydo noS keep up their ovwn dignity. We kieno of one judge 'e;ho has ;anecl for himself a nickname by sitting en the "hmfe-hoard" of an omn,ibes on his journey from his house to Westminster-hall. The -late Mr-. JusUice Park would sa¢"'Good. heavens!t the world is, indeed, coming to an end.L
'IT"T.AWTN 4'rmDlT-:TM LEICESTER. Tmv 12. tSn-It biDE-{Beforc Mr. iutice CRESSWLL and a Common Jury). - INGRA3M V. rONSFOID. This was an action to recoverthe amount of an attormers - - 1r. Mrellor, Q.C., and Mr. mniadell were counsel for the plaintiff; lMr. Serjeant Hayes and Mfr. Bell for the defendant. The costs for which this action was brought 'were m- curred with reference to an intended loan of 7001. upon a -mortgage of property in which the defendant was interested. It appeared that in the early part of May a person named Catlin applied to theplaintiff, a-solicitor in Leicester, to procure for him 7001. upon the securitv of certain houses mnteicester. The property hadpirevibusly been mortgaged for that amount to a Mr. Hardy, whose executors had called in the mortgage. The security, however, appearing narrow, Catlin referred the plaintiff to Mr. Poasford, the defendant, as being ready to guarantee an annual payment .of 2001. until the whole amount was paid off, and theregular payment of interest in the meantime. The plaintiff, having a client of his own who was willing to advance the mnoney upon sufficient security, puthimseeL incommunication with Mr. Ponsford, whoinformed him thathe (Ur. Ponsford) had the principal interest in the equity of redemption, and that, consequently, the new mortgage security should be given in his name. Subsequently a correspondence took place between the plaintiff and Ar. Traill, who was the defendant's solicitor, in the course of which M1r. Traill in. formed the plaintiff that, if he wished to have an abstract of the deed Letween Catlin and Ponsford, he could have it, but that the expenses must be paid. To that letter the plaintiff wrote an answer on the 19th of May, requesting,to be furnished with an abstract and acknowledging that if - r. Ponsford required his title to be set forth as -agaiist Mr. Catlin that expense must of course be paid for. On the 25th of May be received the abstract of that deed, and on the lth of July the draught of the proposed mortgage was sent to Mr. Traill. After this date several letters were writen by the plaintiff, stating that his client's money *svas ready, and urging despatch; but the draught not being returned, on the 23d of September he wrote to inform the defendant that his client was so annoyed at the dcelay that he declined to advance the money, and so the3mater ended. The plaintiff and Mr. Stone, the town clerk of teicester, -were examined as witnesses, and stated that upon mortgage transactions the mortgaSor always paid the costs of the -nortgagee's solicitor, the amount being generally deducted fron the money advanced; but they admitted that they had no experience of cases where the intended mortgage was not completed, whether through the fault of mortgagor or miortgagee. Mr. Serjeant HI&YES submitted that the defendant was not liable to this action. The correspondence showed that the defendant was not the plaintiffs client, but that Catlin and the mortgagee were. Here the transaction had gene off because the mortgagee, without any sufficient reasonurefused to advance the money; and, under such drcum. stances, the costs ought to fall upon the mortgagee ; but, even if the mortgagor should be ultimately bound to nay them to the mortgagee, he was not liable in this action, which could not be sustained unless the relation of attorney and client were established between the Plaintiff and defendant. The learned JuDGE inquired whether it was desired by either side that he should put any question to the jury, .s-hich was answered in the negative; and he then decided that the action could not he sustained, on the ground that, though the mortgagor might be the party ultimately liable to pay, there was no contract between the plaintiff and 'the detendant in this case. The plaintiff was accordingly nonsuited. i The only other common jury cause was an undefended action of ejectment. His LoRDSHIP then proceeded to try prisoners. James Allen, aged 42, described as a hop-merchant, and Charles Boyce, aged 1S, described as a porter, were indicted for conspiring to defraud various tradesmen in the borough of Leicester of their goods. Mr. W. H. Adams and Mr. Bell conducted the proseaution; ar. O'Brien and Mr. Cockle separately defended ThE trial of this case excited great interest in this town and occupied a very considerable time, it being necessary to reamine a large number of witnesses in order to substantiate the various charges of fraud which were brought against the t-wo prisoners, but the substance of the case maybe stated in few words. The prisoners made their appearance in Leicester at the beginning of this year, when the elder, _ representing himself as a hop-merchant, and as being anxious to establish his son in business as a grocer, took a house and opened a shop, wbich had in a short time the ap pearance of beingtolerably well stocked.Theyounger prisoner appeared sometimes as the son, sometimes as the nephew, and sometimes as the assistantof the elder. From the month of January down to the 13th of June the prisoners ordered large qmantities of goods of variouskinds from tradesmen of every description, generally promising to pay early in June. Amongotherthingstheyobtainedadogcartandalight sring cart, which were afterwards employed in carryaing off the other things also fraudulently obtained; sacks of flour, which were. old in a day or two at a less price than they had agreed to pa, for them; suits of clothes, which were applied for upon various pretences, such as that Allen's son was ill and was going off to Nottingham, and wanted them immediately; and, indeed, so ext-ensive was the stem that there was hardly any part of the town of Leicester in which they had not prac. tised upon somebody. At last, on the 13th of June, the grocer's shop was suddenly shut and the two prisone and some other persons who had assisted in the busiess disappeared. Upon examination of the premises, it was found that nothing had been left but some blocks of salt, done up to imitate sugarloaves, and packets of sawdust, which, until opened, had the appearance of packets of grocery. After atimethetwoprisonerswere traced to a place in Oxordshire, where they were discovered in the occupa. ton of a larsge house, wbich contained a considerable quan tity of the goods that had been carried off from Leicester. This wholesale fraud had excited so great a sensation in Leicester that it was thought right that the prisoners should be tried by a county jury, but the case was verv clearly made out, and the jury Conssictcd both prisoners. The learned JuDCE then sentenced Allen to 18 months' and Boyce to six months' imprisonment. CROWN? COUl.T.-(Before Chidef Justice JEBvIs.) Thomas Clerk, aged 22, an auctioneer, was indicted for shooting at William Shouler with intent to murder him. Mr. Merewether prosecuted; Mr. O'Brien and Mr. Cockle defended the prisoner. The occurrence in question took place at Melton Mowbray on the afternoon of the 20th of June last. The prosecutor, who, as well as the prisoner, Ji an auctioneer at Melton, was on that afternoon called upon by the prisoner. There had previously been no quarrel or ill-will of any kind between them; but while ihe prosecutor was turning round to reach a book from a shelf the prisoner discharged a loaded pistol at him. The ball, having struck a button of the prosecutor's coat, entered his shoulder obliquely, and inflicted a wound, which was not of a very serious character. The defence set up was that the prisoner was at the time insaneand it appeared that having been in liquor over night hehad been in a state of great excitenient, and that shortly after the fatal occurrence he fell into strong convulsions. The surgeon who attended the prosecutor expressed his belief that at the time the prisoner was not fully aware of the consequences of his acts, and tinder these circumstances the jury foupd a verdict of Net Guity on the ground of insanity. The prisoner was therefore ordered to be detained during Her Majesty's pleassure.-
NORFOLK CIRC1TT. AYLE;SBUKY. dULY 1Z. NISI YRIUS :OURtT.-(,ejs-e ilMr. JZstice COLERIDGE.) After the close of yesterday's despatch the foUowing case was tried - RUDDOC1 V. LANE. Mr. O'Malley and Mr. Couch appeared for the plaintiff - Mr. Serjeant Wes and Mr. Power represented the. defen'dant. This was an action for breach of promise of m rriste. The plaintiff is a young lady just past the age of 17, who for the last two years has reided at Chalfouit, in this county, with her mother and stepfather. The defendant is : farmer residing at Chelfont, and 45 years of age. When the plaintiff first went to Chalfont her mnother and her mother's husband had been for souie time living there, and the defendant waa on visiting teniis with the fiamily. The plaintiff is a remarkably good-looking person, and she had not been long im Chelfont before tbe defendant began to pay her attentions. No express declaration, however, was made by him to or before any fliends of the plain tiff daringthe life of the def&r.dalat's miother, wvho, when the arties first became acaniainted, -as livii-g withhher son, and bad then attained an advanced age; but there was anunderstanding expressly between the parti&s to this action, as was alleged, and tacit between the defer,dant anid the plaintiff's parents, that they should intermarry after the death of +t.. mother. In the meantime the defeiunat associated with the plaintiff's family as the acka-uwledged lover of the plaintiff; and she visited on corresplo-ind g terms at his house where,besideshis mother,bissister:ini l-w-ccasiowa.,llyresided In the inutumn of 1S55 the defendant's soother died. On the norning of the death tho defend;nt SeLt to the plaintiff's DGother tg couw to his howni 5nd it wa8 thea arranged that -whe parties sonldbe mariredheforenChrstmas. Thiereu>:m hshe a;proashing marriage wns annced; a portoo of tue --edding<iutfit was pu'chased, and, every preparation was made for carrying out the cngemnt. the ilaimtiff on-w tinued to visit at the defendant's house- as before at times ;vhen his sister-in-law af suresident with him;' 5n tine of these occasions sastorm came on. ahouti the time for the plaintiff to go home, and sihe sent word to her mother that :he should stay at the defendant's that night -The rLain. tiff's mbther, however, thought this unadvial, and she sent in answer a merssge requiring the plaintiff to return -home at once, whatever might be the state of the weather. The plaintiff obeyed, but the aefendant was mauch offended; estrangement followed, and the match was broken off. The defendant had given oub that his father h4d left him I2,OOt., and the jury were sked to assess the damages on that basis. For the defence it was suggest that the plaintiff had been brouight to Chalfont for the purpose of inveigling the defendant - into an eng7genment; that . tha mother -And daughter hadcajoled him into the belief that he was the object of ardent attachment; that he had alwavs corducted hunself with delicacy and respect towards the plaintiff; *nd _that the plaintiff,though she might have lost preferments Iby the defendant's change of purpose, had no wounded, and disappointed affections to complain of. * .JQ5tiCe COLERmGE told the jury t.;at this was nat a icaso for vindictive damages;.that the match.wod have been a prudent one on the part of the plaintiff, and that she was entitled to compensatfon for what she had lost. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintif-damages - (Eefoi-eLyid C lief Ju.tZi C.Peawnr, ary Aun Jones was indicted forthe3murderof herinfant child Frederick. MIr. Power and Mr. EI Mills prosecuted, and as' the prisoner wasundefended his lordship undertook tohWtch the case on her behalf. It appeared that on the 3d of July two young Women -whowere walking on the road near the. Queen's Head at, Denham, found, the deacl body of a child vrapped up in a cloth, in a dry ditch by tlie side oftheroad. The appearance of the body showed some signs of suffocation, and on a subsequent examination of the intesines they were found to contan morphine and other ingredients of laudanum. It wvas pzoved that the prisoner ras admitted as: an inmate at the Lambeth Workhouse in the beginning of June, was confined there of a boy on the 14th of that month, and wan discharged writh her child about 10 'clock on the morning of the ild of July. She seamls to have wralked all the'way to ITxbridge on 'that day, and wrent to a publichouse there a.t night, but the child v;as so ill that the landlady turned her out for fear the child would die in the house. Shewasfoundin great distress and trouble-of mind by !a policeman, to 'whom she complained that she could not get so aylodging, and who advi,ed, her to go to the GAreen M£an. She accordmngly w.ent there, and desired tobc called up when tl:e carrier for Wycombe gassed, At man awoke her about 3 in the morning, and told her the carrier had arrived; but r7he anewered that he was the wrong. carrier, and that she would walk on until the 'proper carrier overtook her. The same policeman sawr ner shortly after seated on a stone heap on the, road to Denham v.ith the child crying in her lap. This place was nearly a mile and a-half from vwhere the dead body of the child was fc,und. WVhen she was arrested at her mother's house at Wycombe,. a smadllphial which had contained laudanum vwasfoundon her. Attheleckup she said that shehbadhadthe faceachevery badly, and had boughlt laudaisumto rub herfaee Before the coroner she made the follow'ing statemnent .-" I have had a deal of trouble this last few months, and the anx=iety of my other child *this is the first time that ever I committed any offence before the magistrates. I hope they. will have mercy on me for the sake of may other child. I gave him a fewv drops, thinkcing to compose the childbecause l;e was so fretful.. We sucked at thebreast about 20'clock the next morning, but there did not seem to be anthmg for him. I did not think when I gave him the cordial that it vwould cause his death. I uncovered him at the night house to wvanu him, but he seemed very cold. I did not leave the ni'ght house till past 3, mdl think he died about 4. I vwon'thbe positive sure. My arms were quite stiff with carryiughim, and when I found he wan gone it gave me such a shudder I could not bear the thong it of it." -When she was nor called on for her 'defence she' said His LOmsDSuEIP, who was affected even to tears, pointed out to the jury that there seemed to be no evidence of a purposed design to commit murder, hut the evidence showed strong,ly that she had been guilty of greaZt negligoence in giving such an over-dose of laudanum, the practice of giving laudanum at all-to young children being a very bad one. In point of law, she was guilty of manslaughte, and it was impossible for the jury to return a verdict of " not guilty.-' Hre could not thiink of. the nanner in which she. passed the night of the 2d of July without the greatest com- The jury returned a verdict of Gutilxy of manslaughter, on which HiS LORDSHIP sentenced the woman to one month's im.pnsonment,
2ORTP1ER.v (fTpTflm YVORK .Tmv 11 The two cause lists now published contain an enir of 31 causesi nine of which are mnarked for special juries. CRO0W- COURT.-(Before .Me. Baron BRSA2= LL.) Benjamin Caunt, 20, was charged with having, on the 5th of May last, cut and wounded Benjamin Holder, with mtent to murder him. Mr. Blanshard and Mr. Johnston appeared for the prose. cution; the prisoner had no counsei. The prosecutor, it appeared, is one of the warders of the Wakefield House of Correction, in which prison Caunt had been confined. In consequence of some offence the latter was reported by the prosecutor to the governor, andhe was, in consequence, placed in solitary confinement. On going to the exercising ground the prisoner pulTed out a hammer which he had concealed in his dress, and struck the prosecutor a heavy blow on the head. The blow would have been repeated had not another prisoner seized him and -wrested the hammer from him. The prosecutor 'was il1 for five weeks from the effects of th blow.-. The prisoner, after the attack, expressed his regret that he had not done more; and, in defence, he admitted he had strG ck theprosecutor in revenge, because he had been tantalizedlby him and could have no redress. He told his Lordship that he miglht depend upon it they would have hin back again if he sent him to Wakefield, for he would sooner be hanged than be treated as he had been before. The prisoner was frequently very excited, and one prevailing impression seemed to occupy his mind-that he had been taunted and tantalized by the officers of the gaol, and could not bear it. His manner was that of a youth not quite sace. The jury found him Guilt,v. The learned JuDGE then ordered sentence of death to be recorded against the prisoner, and told him that hs life would be spaTed, and that he would be dealt with according to Her Majesty's pleasure. CIVIL COUaRT.-(Beforc Mr. Juetice WIrlEs.) His LORDsHIP tried causes to-day till about 3 o'clock aud then tried several prisoners. The civil causes tried were entirely barren of any interest. Isaac Hudson, 27, and Joseph Hawley, 23, were charged with having, on the 4th of lUay, at Sheffield, robbed John Warren of 11. os. in money, a siLk handkerchief, and a pocket-book, the property of John Warren and Joseph Hopkins Davy. Mr. Dearsly appeared fortbe prosecution; and Mr. Campbell Foster for the prisoner Bawley. The prosecutor,;Mr. Wa-ren. it appeared, resides in Lansdowne-street, Sheffield, and is an assistant to Mr. Davy. a grocer, who has two shops, one in Glossop-road and tile other in Trippet-lane. He was the manager of the latter shop, and on the night of Saturday, the 4th of iMay, about half-past 12 o'clock, he left the shop in Trippetlane to ta e some money to the other shop, where his employer resides. Warren bad in his possession 61. in gold, aL. 2s. Gd. in silver, and half a crown in corper. As he was approaching his employer's house, in Glossop-road, he saw four men together, anud two otber men on the opposite side of the road. Two of the menwent up to him, andtheprisonerHudsonseizedhim bythethroat. Another man, who Warren was satisfied -was the prisoner Hawley, struck him behind. Considerable violence was used towards the prosecutor, and after the robbery had been effected he saw six or seven men running away. Upon his description the prisoners were apprehended, and I the possession of each was found a. coin which was sworn to as having formed part of the money stolen from the prosecutor. In addition to this, the latter was better enabled to identify the prisoner rudson from his having, at 10 o'clock on tho night of tha robbery, gone to the shop of Mr. Davy, in Trippet3lane, -and purchased some raissns. The two prisoners were also sworn to have been seen repeatedly in company together. Oi cross-examnination of the rosecutor by the learned counsel for the pris8lt Hawley. it was elicited that the prosecutor only ow him frm his general appearance and dress; and on going irto particulars his dress was described to be the ordinary dress of most men in Sheffield, and his general appearance that of a short, thickset, dark man-a style of man by no means uncommon in that locality. His LoRDssIP was of opinion- that no case on this evidence was made out against the prisoner Hawley, - and, Laving summed up the evidence against the prisoner Hudson, The jury found him Guilty, and, a previous -conviction having been proved against him, he was sentenced to penal servitude for eight years. SATURDAY, JULY 12. CRO-iq COURT.-(Before MAr. Baron BR_Amvsxr.) Jobn Spencer, aged 33, and Mazy Ann Davison,. aged 26, were indicted for having set fire to a number of -lino stacks, the Property of Mr. Robert Denison, of Pocklington, in the East Riding. Mr. Hardy and lr. Barstow prosecuted; the prisoners -were undefended. It appeared that the two prisoners were tramps out of work, and on the 4th of February Last arrived at Pocklington and took lodgings with an old -woman who goes by the name of " Mangle hiarv." They on that day sought work at the mill of Mr. Denison, and were told there was no work for them. The female prisoner appeared to be very angry at tlhs, and made use of the.expressions, in "'aDdngle Yary's? hearing, that "she wished the flax stacks might be all i a flame and the mill blown up before she left the. town." Near the flaxmill were 11 stacks of line- straw, wth the seed in, and late that night two of these. stacks were observed to be on fire, and the flame soon. communicated to the whole of the stacks, which were entirely consumed. The value of the property thus destroyed was said to be 11,0001.. of which only 8,0001. was insured. it was proved that the male prisoner was out -late-that night with a man named Panton, and on sending an express offto ccmmunicate intelligence of the fire to 3Mr. Denison. the male prisoner and another man were seen going by a pathway which led from the stacks. A statement was also put ia evidence 'made by the maleprisoner in the presence of the female that she had gone to lhe down by the side of the sta3k and had lighted a pipe. In doirng this she had set fire to the stack. That night the prisoners ite absent from thefr lodgings at " Mangle Maryas. - RigL9Rsf.qmPdoubted whetherthe language of the statute (lVictoria, ehap. 89, seetion 10), which makes ita felonv for any- person mnalieiouOy to set Aire to any stack of corn, grain, pulse,;tares, stra%w,hanlulmstubbIe,-fnrze,heath,fern hay, turf, peat, coal, charcoal, or wood," *met this casefirst, whether the line or undressed fist cirae inder the deEcription of 'straw ;" and, secondly, whether the seed being in it and separated from it,the linseed came uwder tVe description-of "grain." The sticks could noV b'e 'sad to be straw stacks, as the grain or seed was unsevered; aid.he sbouldiask 'the jury wvhether,' in their opinion, the linseed was '¾Train.f Evidence vras then given that linseed was used as food for cattle when crushed, that it miight be made into flour, :andthat it was Ealso used as food formen in the shape of tea. '-- 'His LoRDSHip, having summed up the facts to the jury, asked their opinion whether the linseed was "grain." mThe juryfound theprisoners Guilty, but'differed inopinion asto whether linseed was grain or not, and wisbed7to leave that to his Lordship. They, however, again retired, having heard his Lordship's opinion, and iound that was '" grain." U;R LORDSHrp then said he should reserve the point'of law as to whether linseed was grain or not, within the mneaning of the statute for the opinion of the Court of Criminal Appeal, and, mneantime, the prisoners would be remanded to gaol to await the decision of thit CourL' CIvi COURT.-(Before Mr. Justsi WLnLES.T ' COuSMsS V. rAnscrn. - This was an action for slander, brought by the plaiintiff ajainst the defendant for saying of hiinthat hehad stolenan apple. The defendant pleadeda justification. 3fr. Serjeant Wilkins and Mr. Milward app'eared for the plaintiff; and Pin Knowles, Q.C., and Mr. Manist for the defendant It appeared that the plairntiff is. the son of a hairdresser and frmiterer, at Bradford, and the defendant- is an' overlooker of mechanics. On-the 22d of August last there was a flowrer and fruit show at Bradford, and the plaintiff 'was onithe commnittee. Afterall was over sbveral plates of fruit .hihited were given asway, among others a plato of apples, and thleplaintiff was seen bj the d'efendant: eating an apple which had been thus given away, and accused hima of having stolen it. The plaintiff was very-indignant at'this accusation, and after much wtrangling brought the present ar,tion. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages) 2. The causes tried to-day have been of th dullest. possibie I desription. _-
POLICE. KuA2SIO2e.HOtTs-A young man who gave the n3ame of William Wilson (supposed to be fictitious) was charged witl endeavouring-to obtaia money by false pretences under the following circumstances:- - - . Kinlockr, Assistant to Mesms.Kng andl Co., printers, of 62, Queen.street, Cheapside, said,-Betwveea U and 12 o'cloc'k this morninig, Mr. 3. King caled me into the counting-house and said to the prisoner who was there, "You say you have called for an account?"' The prisoner replied, "ses, Sir." Mr. King said, "Fr!om whom pr The prier 'replied " From the Civil Service GazeUc." By Mrx. King's desir Ithen sent for apoliceman and,gave the prisoner auto custody. Before the olficer arrived the prisoner plledsome leaves from his memorandum book and tore them into sall pice. r. igrnaelse himn for his name adaudPdress, whichr hEe rgetfuiad tteo yive. He begged hard to bc forgiven. T here s an account d oe rme Mtr. King tohe himselfpr ropretor,adn account a been rendered. e- Mr.F. .Kn.- mi the empdloyriment of .the proprietors of the C~ivil Service Gazeite, at 67, Strand. The prisoner is not in their enmplyment. 3. C. Knight constable 0o. 437.-I -was sent for to take the prisoner int'ocustody. Mr. King asked him ifhe Would.give any acut of himself as to who 'and what he Iwas,: tvellng hmthat if h. found hisi to be a respectable yoing' 3man he would not prosecute him. The prisoner, however, refused to give either hisaniae or address. Thebhitsof paper torn up by the prisoner Ipicked up; they consistofmemo.: randa. I have not yet hadatime to-put them toget~her. The LoaD MA&Yon asked the prisoner what answer he .hadtonmake tothe carge? The prisoner, with much coolness, repliedthat he entered the counting-house of the prosecutor with no intention of receiving any account; that he tendered no account, and: received no money. He wished to be admitted to bail. I The LORD MAXOR.-HOW Can I take bail -when yow refuse to give either your name or address, or to state who and what you are?9 Prisoner.-.Icertainly did decline to givem2y address when I was apprehended, and Irefuse to giveit now. Wilyour Lordship admit me to bail if I give sny address? The LORD MAYOR.-I might or might not tahe baiL Prisoner.-Then, I don't intend to give it. The prisoner was remanded. The LORD AULxosc requestedththepsswudo knowledge the followingdQounations to atheh por-box :-Foml -fomMsss W. tSJ.v adS H. TrhoOmps3orn, 20. and fro r. HyImen A. Joseph, 1L -ro GUI=3LU.L.-Cornelius Urell, a gentlemanly-looLing young man, was placed at the bar before Sir J. DumR, car,ged with stealing six bills of exchange, amounting to nearly 2,500l., the property of his employers, Messrs. F. Barnes and Co., of Fenheuren-street. T. Pain said, he was clerk endl boolkkeeper to Mlessrs. Marriott and Co., trading under the name oDf r. Barnes t sad_ C(o., at 109, Fenchurch-street, pas'wholesale ironmongers and merchants.. The prisoner had been in their seriece about three years, and oR Saturday, July 5, their house received. by post 13 hills of exchange from Sierra Leone, and aton" Them ora eash, bill for el50. Onthesamet. day he sent a the.ck for510., with five otherbiUacfor ,9101.. in aletterddresmedt to a house at touen and the six bil s ought to have re- onsned to their houseon the Wednesday or Thursday fol- Frederickn Baugd said, he -was cashie'r in the employ of 'Mecssrs. Hlambro And Sons, of 70, Old Broad-street., and the biL of excanoge for 510!. was presented.to him on Thursday last, 'about 11 o'clock in the morning, by thes 'privsIoner. He -aed the prisoner which he wouldli he forit,a .chcL~ or cash,dand hem. replaied thahe would take a check. Wines then gae hbn ao ch ek foit0. onitMessrs Smit h, Payne, and Co-s their bankers. He saw vnthe prisoaner writedo' somthingu gond the hack^of thne bill whie othe wsgivin himth Thomas Evison said, he was a cashier in Messrs. Smith Paynee and Co.'s Bank, Lombard-street, andl produced th check referred to by the last witness. Itwas for 5101., and 2dated July 10, 1856. It was drawn by Mesers. Hambro ainid Sons, andt presented on thle same day as it was dlated. Witness coulkd not remember who presented it, hut it .was brought by a youth, and he paid Ihim in five Bank of Ergland notes for 1601. each, numberd 95,518-19-20-21 and 22, and 10 in gold. They were all dated August 9, 1555. Alfred Blinidell said, he was clerk to Messrs. Secrtton and Son, stockbrokers, of SI, Old Broad-street. The pri- toner was an acquaintance of his, and called upon biie a' the office ishet a qarter past 11 o'clock on Thursday is ornmng last, end asked bins to get the check produced fo: 510!. cashed for hima. He said he could not do it, and the pssner then said that Mlessrs. Smiith, Payne, and Smith hdpaid him a sovereign too much a day or two Vrevious, and that he bad not returned it. WNitniess asked bite why he had not done so, and recommended him to take it back at once. He said he had not got it with hirr, and he wanted the bank-notes to take up somae bills, and wtitness, thereupon, consented to go and get the cebck cashed. He accordingly went to0 Mfessrs. Smiithi, Payne, And Co.s bankz, and received five notes for 100!. each and 10!. in gold. The prisoner went with him, and waited outside the bank, and when witness came out bhe gave himi thm notes andgold. The puisoner did not givebhim anythiag. Mr. Geo. Hack-man, one of the clerks in the issue department of the Bank of England, said he produced two notes for 100!. each, numbered 95,818 and 19, dated 9t1h of Auguast, 1855. They were presented to him~ by some person on Thursday miorning last, andl ho paid them in 200 sovereigns George Russell, No. 3-4, of the ciby detective police fre said, he called on the prisoner at bin employers' preimises in Feachurci-s-treet on Thursday evening last, and told him a letter had been stolen from his master, and Asked bite if lie could give any information concerning it. He saidhbecoldd not, and -witness theni ask-ed hlim if be bad been out with two other young men, who wero also suspected, and. he repleEd that he had not. On being requested to account for his time durnng that day, he said be hadl been engaged at the West India Doi-cs clearing somne goods. On Friday afternoon, about 1 o'clock., witness saw hime again, And took hitis into custody, and Asked him if he could tell him 'where the mioney was, And he said he would take himn end slhow him. The prisoner then took -witness down into the lower shop. anid opened a drawer c-ontaininig waste ppr from Among~ -which be Ereduced threeL Bank. of Enland _n'otes for. 100t. .ezch, numbered 95,820-21.22, and dated the Oth of Augmsst, 11,55. He theu asked him where the gold was, hiabe h~said he had buried it between H-ackcney and Bow, and at witness's request he said he would go with him and showv him where ke had buried it. They then went with the p rosecutor to that part of the Lea River near Vlictoria Park, land on approaching the bridge the prisonier stoopedl on the bank, and puit his band into the 'water about two feet from the shor-e, and, af ter removing seiue stonesr from tl- e bed of the river, he drew from beneath ashag containing 2(9U sovereigns, which he handed to wiitness. They then returned, and at the railway station wvitness counted the. w.oney, and the prisoner said there was a sovereign mnissing, and, tak-ing one from his 'waistcoat pocket, he said thAtt would make the whole of the money nght, and. gave it to the officer. On the way to the police-station the prisoner said he would tell all be kne-w about it, as he had committed a greatwrung, and he 'tished'to make all the amends in his power. He said he had not written the name of Barnes and Co. across t-he bask of the, hill, hut that be met a bo.v in Bishopsgate-street and took, him into the Crosby Coffeehouse and gave him half-a-sovereign to wvrite the naune f6r him. He said be -wrote the word "1For," and what be intended for the name of " Mason,"1 himself. He also said he iook the two 1001.-notes to the Biank and got themn chaniged, He gave another boy half-a-sovereign to write the endorse. mneat of the name of Anderson. Bo0th boys u-ore strAngers to him, and in no way connected with his employers firmn. With regard to the mnanner int which he became possessed of the bills, he said he sawsa thick letter lying_ on his 3master's desk, and, on opening it and finding the hills, he took them awayand destroyed allbhutthe on-, for 510!., by burning them as he walked along the street. Sir J. DUKE Asked witness if he held out any induce- thinghe sid wuld ave o be epeaed eaina him hutlietIT was oly to aneus o remr th wrog besaidlie had Teprisoner hero said, the officer had not stated that he had disclosed everything to his master before he was taken into custody. Witness said, he had not done so becausqe he 'was not presment when the disclosure took place. Sir J. DuxE said, under the circumstances it would he necessary to have the prisoner's employer in attendlance, and he should therefore remand him for a few days for that rI=emeded accordingly. BOW'-S,TPflusFT.-Two well-dressed boys~, namedi juhm Willihm-, nd Francis Kelly,the latter about 14 earssold, -were charged with creating a did ub izn Charles-Aet,. Diury-lane, and asulting the poii. The' dtfendant Kelly, ffecting an-' alesa simplicity of manner, renelled the inanuatiohs-of the polioe that he wA3 the assoclate of thieves. - Hhad only been in London thraI daYs, having'been-sent Up from nlchaes 'by-his f ther,, :on his way home,"in proof of which he prbduced alhauda fil of silver, tleex:act amount of-hiu "-fire" for the rest:bf the journey. Loitering oni his 'ay to the station he' innocently iiixed up with, this distrbante, xnd ti poice Vere mistaken altoe her im anpodiog that he either attempted to rescue % a8-larged, or assaulted thie ofilcers in the execution of their dutv' One-of' the constab hayaing'expressed his'beief tht Kelly hd beenin london'for three weeks'at lcast, x man in the' body of the court exclaimed trismhbantly. 4"that such coold not be thefact. as the boy had beenin,Rgdin3 aol to his knowledge for 15 months,: being only ;releaaed on Tuesday last." here Kelly, somewhat. disconetted at the injudicious disclosure of his. over-ealous companion, at once confessed the fact, stating that his real name -was John O'Brien,ana that -Le was convicted of picking pockets at Wins dor; but, at the exirationof his term of imprisonment, he resolved to begin a life ofindustry, for which reawon he concealed- his o name. The governor of the ga ol t d his fa re to Lono.on. Mr. HmEnY.-But how did you get the other moneynow -in your possessicn s ely-I had five sovereigns before Iwent into the gvol and I swaloweed them just before -reaching the pnsongates.- Mr. ENY.-Then, where did you retan them after- | -Vards? -Kell'-In my stomacb. (A laugb.1 Mr. mEinY.-What, forl5imonths Kelly.-No ; I recovered them a day or two after, and kept them concealed till my timews up, and then I swallowed them aglan. Another youth, about 17, and also very smartly dressed; steppedforward during atemaporay adjournment of the cme, and assured his worship that it was "all right" that the boy had stated. He said that he (witness) was committed from Windsor at tlae same timue, and-kept a sovereign about him in a similar manner.: He could Assure the magistrate that the thing was peerfectly easy, and was d6ne every day. Mr. H&NnY.-Tfey always change your clothes' in prson. ',Vitess.-Yes; but they don't change our mouths.. (A laugh.) All he wanted nowv was to rcscue the boy from bad companions. Mr. HXm'RY feared they were aUl a very bad lot, and committed the twvo boys for a month. Mf.iBGsououossrnSETr.Some benevolent person ha sent a donation for Th6mas Brown, the lad who made an a cpaction to this Court for some assistnce, on the ground that he had been told to apply here by the committing m-gistrate after his sentence-bad expired; but, as 3r. B.oi is of opinion, from the lad's previous bad character, that he is undeserving of anv reEef, he proposes to return to the donor or donors any money that miay be sent. Our reporter has to state that it is not to the individual, but to the class of outcasts, far more numerous than is generally ima;ined, represented by his case that commiseration is due. fii frequently happeiis that the saine faces are seen tine after time at the har of this court. The youth is sent for the first time to prison; discharged penniless, and without character, and, if he has no friends to assist him, in rags, and without a place in which to lay his head. He soon reappears, and is again committed; he is released, brought up again, and again sent topson. The inquiry they all put is the same.-" What are we to do without a penr,y in ourpockets? We are told to get an honest living by labour. We are willing to work, hut. nobody will employ us.": Wonsniv-smErT.-Mr. John Wealey, a brush manufac turer in High-street, Whitechapel, accompanied by one of bis apprentices, an intelligent-looking youth of 16, waited upon Mr. D'EvxcoURT to ask his advice and make the following strango statement:- The apprentice, who gave his evidence fn a straightforward 3nanner calculated to produce an impression of its truth, stated, that while walking through the Vhitecha pel-road at 4 o'clock on WVednesday afternoon, to transact some business on which he had been despatched by his master, a gentleman, whom he describedas having mustachios aind a thick - busby beard, drove up to the door of the shop he wis opposite, and, jumnping out of his gig, asked him to hold his horse while he ran in to buy something. After holding the horse for several minutes the gentleman caine out, felt in his pocket, and expressed his regret that'he had no silver, but told him if he would go with him to the corner of Ald. eshould have to get change, he would give ate thrherepnpoue' him atshiUing for his trouable. The boy had to go in that direction, and, as the gentleman told bun to jump into the gig, he did so, and was driven some distance, when the gentleman said he wss in business sea perfumer, end ask-ed him if he wee fond of scents. The Lad said that he was, and the gentleman thereupon produced a small bottle from his pocket, held it to his nose, and told him to smell it. -The boy did so, and thenext moment becam e perfectly senseless. HowV long he continued in that state he -did not knowv, hut thought at must have been several hours, as -it ws quite dark when he came to himseLf, and then found that he. was in the hands of two men, who were pulling him out of the gig in a lann, evidently somne distance in the country. He resisted being dragged out of the gig asw ashe could, and called out for help, on which one of the men seized him by the neck and threatened to ldll bins if he made ani more poise ;~ but he struggled and fought vigorously, and having bitten the man who held him severely in one of bh .bands, the man was oblijed to let go of him, and he (the lad) ran away as fast as pssible, Pursued by the men, whose footsteps he could hear behind Ohin but whom at length he evaded by throwing himself down inadry ditch, where he remiained concealed till mornig, his pur suers having apparently. lost him and given up the chase. He'then pot out of the ditch into an adjoining field, but felt so faint and exhausted that he threo himself down and slept for several hours, and, on being aroused by some men - at work in the field, was told by them that hewas about six miles on the other side of Highg&te. He knew-nothing of the road, but the men directed him the way he should take, and on getting back to his master he informed him e.it once of everything that had taken place. Ir. Wealdey stated that the lad did not reach his house till about 4 o'clock on Thursday afternoon, when he exhi. bited much dcbility and excitement, and gave him exactly the same description of the treatment to which he had been subjected thathenowgave. The boyhad been nearlyfive years in his service, ba never before absented himself from home for even an hour, had always conducted himself in a very propermanner, and had never been detected in a faisehood, and, as also no money bad been appropriated, he \could not conceive any motive the lad could have forinvent- ing such a strange story, if it was supposed that he had done so. Mr. D'EvxcouiT said. it was certainly a very extraordinary statement, and the only motive he could assign for the (ommission of such an act was the carrying out some unpleasant practical joke. Mr. 'Wcakley said, that from his knowledge of the boy's character lie believed him to be wholly incapable of prac. tising any deception, and drexv the magistrate's attention to ihe facts of a somew+xhat similar case, hut of a mnore serions description, some short time ago, when a boy was trepanned in this way, us was supposed for infamuous purpoes, and afterwarda found dead m a ditchlat Acton. Mr. D-Eyvcoun.T recollected that case very well, and believed that the perpetrators had up till now escaped from the hands of justice. The best course, he thought; Mr. Weak]ey could adopt was to immediately communicaLte wvith the police, wvho would no doubt render every assistance they could in the detection of the offenders. Mr. Weakley expressed his intentionto do so, and thanked the magistrate for the attention he had paid him. CLaER;ENNxNELL.-Shortly before the magistrate rose on Saturday afternoon the coiut became crowded by persons wvho were anxious tohear the charge of attempted murder .-aiist a Frenchman who had been apprehended in Somers-town for stabbing two men. When the prisoner vseas placed in the dock before Mr. CoRRIE, the sitting magistrate, he gave the name of Joseph Francois Gobel, aged 35, residing at 13 Cross street, Ratton-garden, andv was described on the police sheet as a bricklayer. The charge against .the prisoner on the sheet was, that he " did wilfuly and naliciously stab the complainant, Charles Chadwick, vith a knife, at the Brill publehouse, Brill-place, Soiuers-town, and aL;o vith stabbing Daniel Livingstone, at the same time and place." It appears that the prisoner and the injured man, Living stone, have been acquainted wNith each other for soine time, having worked at the same place together. On Satu-day mornimig, while in front of the Brill puiblichbiise, they b3gan quarrelMng, and the prisoner asked for soiiie money that was owing to him. IHe was paid,. if wvas stated, his money, and Livingstone endeavonred to get awvay, but - the priso"er would not let him, and, -a new qurarrel having ensued, the prisoner drew out his knife, a most formidable looking instrument, and stabbed Livingstone in no less than Eix places, in the chest, back, and thigh, each wound being nearly an inch in length. Chadwick, wl;o was standing near, was also stabbed in the back.. Assistance having been called for Acting Sergeant Convey 3SS S, and 1'olice Constable Nomnan, 97 S, were immediately on the spot, and rendered every aid in their power. The prisoner while at the station and when the charge was bang entered be Sergeant Pethers, 21 S, became very violent, and endeavoured. to strike several of the witnesses, end would not understand the charge until an interprete. was sent for, wben he said that he did it in self-defence, and that the other men had no right to quarrel with him, or irritate him. His conduot w;hile in the prisoners' room at the heck of the Clerkenwell Police-court was also most violent, for upon one or the witnesses looling in he threatened tio strike him, and made signs signifying that he should like to cut his throat. In the meantihe, Acting-Sergeant Convey took Livingstone, who was very weak from loss of blood, to a surgeon, who at ones dressed the wounds, which consisted of four in the back, one in the thigh, and one- in' -the shoulder, and owing totheir serious nature advised his immediate removal to one of the hospitals. The constable at once conveyed the man to the University College Hospital, where Wr. Casamajor, the house-surgeon, redressed the wounds, and stated that he could not at present say pesitively whether they wvould he fatal or not, though he thought that there was not much danger to be apparehended. Some witnesses having been examined and denosed to the above facts, The prisoner, whose face was covered with blood, said he did not understand English. Mr. COBBer remanded himn for a few days for the attendance of an interpreter, and also to ascertai how the injured man was getting on. - Upon making inquiry yesterday at the hospital it was stated that the man was progressing satisfactorily. - - SOUTliWARMu-Charles Jones, a labourer, Henry Wooler a sawdust dealer, Robecrt Scott and Jo0hn Hobnns, watermaen, wvith Mathew WVood, the keeper of a coffee-house in- lFreeschocl-street, Horalydowrn, ware brought beforo Mr-- Coring for final examinatioii, chmarged with being concernedin stealing 16 begs of sugar from a barge in thie river Mfr. COIIBE said that there was nothinz to implicate Mr Wood, therefore he rnust be discharged; hut as fontbe other prisoners he Ehould.ecommit them for trial, bat order them to.be brorgt-up.anon huda,yox r ,ext for the td,pomitionx tobetfAken. At the request of M{r. Solorhon ad x-r. Chiperfield iris worship greed to accept goo6dbail for their appearanoc. - James CaUaglhnn. a powerful-looking -young fellow, was brought before Mr. Coamiilor fial examination, eharged& W.h -committing a violent assault oDMr. Henry Dafi, the. ,lin,diord of the Dundee. Arms; Church-street, Hordey-' down-.!- Mr. lZeale appeared for-the prisoner, who has beewin cus~ Udv since SAturd&Y, ffte 5th inst. ltr. Dans,lr,hose ight hand was bandaged up, said, on Saturday afternoon hoe ws transdinig business in hiia'jpri vate bar, when hehseard his wife scream outifor help in the bac} yard. Wltness inmmediately proceeded tbere, and sw his wfe on The ground- struggling-with the prisoner,.wako was striking her andendeavoring -to -get a key from her. He caught hold of the prisoner, and toldhim to quitthe rnses quietly, and finding that he *ould not he eqt|ep voared to e3ect him. In doing so he was knocked -dow.& by him, and the risoner not only seized The forefinger o' hii rightbhand and bit it, buthe liclced iitness several ti:as, ati&when he heard some one comingto his assistance he-ran awa..-He then pursued him, and gave him into custody near the police-court in Crucifix-lane, Witness bledvery mus from the nose and got a black eye in the struggle.- IMrs. Davis said, that she was attending to the baron the afternoon in question, when tho riasoner camein-with the mate of a-vessel who was a little nder- the influenee of liquor. There was another mnn withthem,-and they seemed to pay such particular, attentiori to the sailor that she suspeoted they intended to rob him: in fact, the sailor came up to her and said that sach were their intentions, ana asked herto lock him no somewher,e in safety, where-he could have a little sleep and preserve his roperty' She accordinigly took himuinto the back'yTad, and locked hn i a shed. As soon as she had done so the prisoner camen-pta ber, and in a most insulting manner ordered her to unlock tfe door and let him fetch out the sailor. She refused atdo so, when he attempted to forcetboe key of the door from her and then he push her down, and was assaulting her when her husband came to her assistance. ' Mr.Jones,a tradesman in the neighbourhood, aid'he-waspassingthedoorof complainant's house when he 'saw the prisoner striking Mr. Davis, wile Mlrs. Davis wAS on the ground. 'Witness went to look for a constable, anbefore he returned the prisoner had. decamped In defence Mrr. lTeale said, that the sailor was his clientWs friend, and he was with him endeavouring to get his watch for him, which was stolen on the previons night. and Mrs. Davis locked him up against his will. He deniea the assault,7and complained of the rough manner in which he was handled by all parties. The sailor was called, and he denied any acquaintance with the prisoner, and said he did lose his watch. - - * fr. COImnE said, it was a rufflauly assault, for which heshould fine the prisoner 31., and in default he was eommitted for three months. * LAaruw.-Richard 1iddle, alias Collins, a thick-set fellow, who had been sentencedc to 10 years' transportation in 1852, and only a few weeks discharged 6n a ticket-ofleave, was placed at the bar, before hr. 1erL,o'rr, on the following charge of impudent robbery:- - From the evidence it appeared that, about. 9 o'clock cn Saturday morning, the prisoner was observed, by a- servantin the opposite house, to enter the residence of Mr. lI2rnett, :z, Doddington-grove, Walworth, by the parlour window. and ret-Un in a few moments with a -writingdealr, a workbox, and two coats. The young woman who saw him enter the house followed him and called out " Stop thief I" when the prisoner instantly dropped the things and struck her a vio.ent blow. He was s&cured and taken to the s'tation, where it was found he had on one of the prosecrtor's coats. The prisoner, who behaved with much insolence to the vitnesses, was fully committed for triaL - Mr. Lund, the superintendent of the P or Camberwell division of police, applied to Mr. ELLIOTT, by-order of Sir Rt Mayne, for a summons against the lords of the manor of Camberwell for holding afairon Camberwell-green annuaUy, without lawful authority. For some years past Camberwell Fair, whicb, with the single exception of Greenwich, is the only one of the formerly numerous subuarban fairs nowvolden, has gradually beo4me lowter in character, until at length it has become nothing better than tho mere rendezvous of juvenile thieves and the most vicious characters in the metropolis. The respectable inhabitants of that populous district have for years past complained of the gross abuses which had been kept uip merely to put 4001. or 01 annually into the pockets of the lords of the manor- but their complaints, it is said, have been met by those gentlemen vith a threat that, if they {the inhabitants) toolsuch steps as* would lead to the abolition of the fair, the nuisance complained of would be succeeded by one of a tenfold magnitude. The nuisance threatened is that of covering the entire : of Camlberwellgreen with buildings of an inferior description-in far, cabins, thus bringing together the refuse of St. Giles's, 'Wetminster, the Boroughl, and Wisitechapel. - The present nuisance of the fair bas latterly become so intolerable that the inhabitants, despite these threats, have forwarded strong representations to Sir Richard Mayne, and that gentleman, having carefully read over the various documents on the subject placed before him, directed Mr. Lund to apply to the magistrates of this court for a summons. The summons, as required, was granted, and its form is as follows:- - - "Whereas, complaint hath this day been made before the undersigned, one of the magistrates of the police courts of the metropolis, sittin" at the Lambeth Police Cour, in thecounty of Surrey, witiin the metropolitan police districts, by the Commissioner of Police, that a fair had been annually holden upon ground of which you are the owners at Cam berweeU-green, and that tlie same has been holden without lawfulauthority. These are, therefore, to cominand you in Her Majesty's name to appear before me and show your rignt and title to hold such fair." This summons is addressed to Sir Villiam Bowyer Smith, of Hale-hall,Essex, and Sir Thomas Dyer, of Southsea, baronets, lords of the manor. Mr. EauoQ1 requested our roporter to acknowledge the receipt of thefollowingsums,which had reached him for the poor blind man Scholiield, viz., from" F.L. C.," 2s. 6d.; "I,h D. S.," lOs.; MErs. Thomas Knox, 10s.*;' "A Lady," 3t.; Miss Lane Fox, 1"; and "IA Lady,"
TWHAT TO DO WITH OUR CONVICTS. TO Tfl EDITOR OP THE TIMES. Sir,-The many years I have passed in Australasia afforded me frecuent opportunities of visiting convict establishments in that part of the world. The opinion I then formed, that a system of dispersionin new colonies was the surest way of reclaiming those -who had broken the laws of their country, has since been confirmed by the ticketofleave system at home. Of late I have given considerable attention to the subject of transportation, now so much before the public, and of the necessity for which there is the first evidence in the laud. In fact, to convict migration we must look as the only reformnatory "waste-pipe" for our prisos at home, 3iy object, then, in craving a space in the leading journal of the world is to endeavour to remedy an existing difficulty by pointing out a favourable site for an improved kind of penal settlement on a remote part of the north coast of Australia. The Plains of Promise, a country I discovered and named, at the head of the Gulf of Carpentaria, will, I believe, be found well suited for that purpose. The temperature there, varying from 50 to 92 degrees (2rinirsuac of whiter and 2ntxsimunt of summer), is questioned by some as being too high for convict labour, while here, at home, free labour'for many consecutive hours is countenanced in an artificial temperature of from 90 to 130 degrees& 'W-hen it is considered how much assistance we received during the late war from the wealth of a small portion of the Australian continent we at present occupy; when it is also considered that our knowledge of that vast cointry is only of some 63 years, that its imports are now 14,003,0001., and that all this originated in a transportation experiment, made under the difficulties of great remoteness,-when all this is remembered, there is certainly every reason to believ that success vill attend a settlement of that kind on the north coast of Australia, and that thus will be laid the foundation of that large city whichumost assuredly the shores of the great Gulf of CarpentRia wrill one day bear. It would seem that the hand of Providence directed iour colonizing the mest remote part of Australia first, in order that our countrymen shonld have time to spread over 'the country, and so iucrease in nurnbers as not now to fe3r a change of character from any Asiatic migration to it; northern shores. An earlier migration of that kind wouad ultimately have interfered with Australia and its neighhouring islands becoming another great Anglo-S&on country. I ana. Sir- vnnr nlhAdienn Thnmlel crnvnnC L TORT ST(PR. 'Pg w xr 153, Welbeck-strect, Cavendish-square, July h.
A WESTEmIX COURT SCxE.-Judge B-, of Mlissrnri, was i nianny respects a remarlkable mian. Be stood six feet two in his boots, and was as fond of a frolic as the mostrattling lad in the country. He coiild drink more liquor, lift a heavier bag of meal, and play a better game of "'poker?' than any man in his circuit. These admirable qualifications, of conrse, rendered him the most populkr judge on the bench in his district. Yet he never lost his dignity vwhile on the bench. There be wvas stern, hau_hty, and dignifiecd The least approach to familiarity while he was sitting in court was always resented by a fine, and sometimes by imprisonment. Well, it happened one day while he was hloldiog court, that Mr. Dewzenbury, a rough looking, butindependentoustomer, cameinto the courtroom 'with his hat onhis her.d. This the judge considered a great indignity offre dto the Court, and forthwith ordered Ir. Deawzenbury to take offhishat, Tothis?Mr. Dewzenburypaid no attention, which, being observed bv "his honour," who. again- discovered this " most incorrigible" standing ;with hi, hat on his bead, be cried out,-- "Take that man's hat off." The Sheriff approached and repeated the command of the Court. "rin bald," said Mr. De-zenbury, "and can't comply." "You can't l" excla-med the judge, waxiu' axcgry, " then I wYill tine you five dollars for contempt of .Court. "rWhat's that you say, judgoe" replied Mr. Dew2enbury, as he walked deliberately iup to the judge's stund ' I say that I fine you five dollars for conteLmpt of Court." "Very well," said Mr. Dewzenbury, as be carefully put his hand into his pocket aud pulled out a G0-cent. pisce. ." Very -well, here's the money," handing thejudge-the half dollar; "this squares us, judge. You owed me four-dollurs and a-half when we quit playig poker last night, and the half rnakes us even." The bar roared, the crowd smiled, and the ebap-fallen judge pocketed his change without utteringA word.-UCdJoraiun CIwronie,.
PRmcB OscAR ATr WooLwicu.-Pxince Oscar, of Sweden, spent some hours on Saturday in visiting the military establishments at Woolwihh, and after inspecting the arsenal, through which his -Royal HiL hness was conducted by General Sir Wilifam Williams, of Kars, Commandant of the Garrison, reviewed the whole-of the Royal Horse and FootArtillery recently returned from the Crimea The troops took un a position on the Common at 1 o'clock; and shortly after that hour the Prince, who wore a blue military frock trimmed with silver lace, and in his hat a plume of canary-coloured feathers, arrived on the ground, accompandied by General Williams, the Earl of Cardigan, Colonel Hardinge. and a brilliant retinue. The Prince and his staff rode along the lines, and on their return t,oc the flazstaff the n-hole of the batteries passed before them, fart in slow and afterwards in q-.uck time. A brisk cannonade ensued, and the evolutions - concided with a rehearsal of some of the manoeuvres intended to be represented at the grand review to take place this day in the presence of Her Majesty. TIe distinguished party then reTred to the officers' messroom, and at 5 o'clock Prince Oscar proceeded to the dockyard, where he embarked on board Her Majesty's steamer Vivid, on his return to Sweden, rid Ostend. General Williams accompanied his Royal Highness to the place of embarcation, and a company of the Royal Marines, with the band of the tegiment, was drawrn out on parade as a guard of honour. As the Royal barge quitted the shore a battery of artillery and the gnus of the llagship saluted, and the Vivid imtnediately got under way and proceeded dowvn the river. TP.A3n OF S£N F;sACIBSCO.-Another s'teamer ba3 gone-another depletion of 700 person, and more than 2,000,000?. of gold We still supply the precious stuffneedful for the Atlantic narketand business; send it by millions -amll:ona-week; but we retain not enoughforcirculation here to make "money easy." Indeed, while California sends away many tons of gold by each steamer, there are thousands of penple here who scarcely know where or how to get enough to bny their bread, although they are willing and anxiousto earnit. We make Wall-streetoffices temples, *nd those who do most of it live here in tents, log huts, or sleep in the air, with the earth for their mattress, and the sky for their counterpane. Why is -it thaat we have, such hard times here while we have so much gold to send away ? The gratification of our luxrcions desire., tastes, and habits takes away a thick slice of this golden loaf. WYe i_port a great many things not needed, and many needfal ones which might be manufactured here as weU as. elsewhere. And this brings us to the subject of manufactures. Why is it that we have so little labour comparatively employed ir. manufacturing? Our mining claims Are pretty well taken up, ourfarming isquiteas extensive as the present and prospective markets cal forindeed farmers have made less money than other crafts for two years past. Why, then, do we not see more attention given to manufactures ? It seems that the interests of this city require a change in this respect. Many of its formner sources of revenue have ceased, turned into other channels, or dried up altoetbher But the manufacturing interest is in its infancy. 'Without enumerating or designating particular articles, it nmay be talen for granted that thousanuds of articles, now entirely imported, might be produ-ed here with urofit. What is it which has made Philadelphia a mUliiaire city in population and wealth ? She posscsses few of the advantages of general navigation and commerce, and her proximity toNew York is also opposed to her progr tinthis respect. It is chiefly through her mannfactuing interests that her advance has been so rapid, her condition so prosPerous. In a sinmilar manner manufactures have contributed immensely to the greatness of Cincinnati, and other cities not possessing commercial -advantages. Why San Francisco cannot eventcally beome prominent as a manufacturing place, we cannot £ay. Certaimly the heavier articles of imports could be made here. We have minerals, we have the entire Pacific whence to draw choice woods and other materials, to be wrought into valuable fabrics. This place possesses many naturad advantages.for the pursaits of many Idnds of labour, manufacturing, &c., not yet thought of, but which wi in the future contribute quite as much to its prosperitv as commerce is nowc doing. When tnat day shaU have cono, if by that time the Federal Oovernment shall have learnt to treat us as eoual freemen, when the steamer leaves, not all the gold Cich has been dug out of our hills will go away in her. We shall keep some of it here to pay for what is made here, instead of at mfanchester, Birmingham, Philadelphia, or Connecticut. We do not expect TO make our silk goods, riid many other articles of luxury-many of necessity. But the time is coming when this ity will, must he, a great mannfactoring city, With gre fcilitis for transporting, to and from her shorg thl bateials nd the mnanufaetured pods, a iousa ind s o labor ot et introdueed may Deoome very importat p of our wealth as1 prosyerity. -Califo1rns (~AronkiC.
ZT.MIMTA XAD NA VAL INTELLGENCB. A. cont-marUal win bh held this day on board Her M t Vitory, Meusmolath harbour, to '."O into! the tircumstanieessunider wb:ch IHer Mfajesty's steam sloop - etate was tisa ashore on the Bar of Lagos (West Coast of Africa), eh tr about the 20th dar of January, 1856; and to try Cormuander Alexander Daff Gordon and Mr. George Spinhs Alldricks, Master, of Her Mrajesty's said steamtlce) Hecatc, for their conduct on that occasion. The esater having been on the " sick list" on board at the time 'Ct the Ocrurence, Commander Gordon takes the whole responsibility on himself. Mr. James Hoskins, soLicitor, of Gosport, is engaged to assist him in his defence. Her Majesty's steamship Princess Royal, 91, Captain 1L T. Jones, C.B., is to be dismantled at Portsmouth, her rigging being too unserviceable for another commission. Her Majesty's steam troopship Transit, Commander C. B. Johnson, arrived at Spithead on Saturday evening, from the Crimea, wvith troops. She left the Crimea on the 17th of June, Constantinople tho 19th, Malta the 26th, and Gibraltar the 3d of Jnly inst.; put in at Vigo owing to a gale of wind, and left on the 9th. She left at Gibraltar Her Majests ship Belleisle, 72, in tow of Her Mjesty's steam-frigate Firebrand, with the 18th Regiment on board; Her Mfajest's ship London, 90, in tow of Her majestys steam-frigate Terrible, with the 23d and 33d Regiments on board; Her Majesty's ship Queen, 116, in tow of Her Majests steam-frigate Odin, with the 77th Regiment on board; Her Majesty's steam-frigate Sidon, 22, with the 9Sd Regiment on board, all bound for Spithead. Her 21ajesty's ship Majestic, 91v was despatched tc Cadiz for tcals on the 3d inst.; Her Majesty's ship Rodney, 92, left 3Iata in tow of Her MajesWs ship Furious, on the 24th tlt., having the 42d and 97thon board, but she was notheard of at Gibraltar by the Transit, which went alongside Ports. mouthDoclzyard yesterday morning, to prepare to disembark this morning the following officers and troops -LieutenantColonel Julius 1. Goodwyn, Major R. C. Barnard, Captains H. Rowlands, F. a. Bligh, W. Allan, G. H. Page, J. E. Harvey, H. B. Pennefather, A. G. Lowry, 3. A. Hamilton, and C. V. Fitzroy; Lieutenants H. S. Rill, B. L. B. Lowry, W. J. Johnson, A. HL Wavell, w. H. G. Cornwall, sA. . Hall, S. R. R. Smith, IL Pack, L King, and L1 N. Fraser (Adjutant); Surgeon J. B. Scott, M.D., As. sist4t-Snrgons F. T. Abbott and A. H. Gulland. Qu rtermnaster A. Elliott, Paymaster A. E. Grant, 640 rank and file of the 41st (the Welsh) Regiment, 22 of the 62d, and 1 prisoner attached to the 41st; also Lieutenant-Colonel J. T. Grant, C.B., Brevet-Majors C. Adams (Lieutenant-Colonel) and J. W. Dewar; Captains G. H. Lamb, T. P. St. G. Armstrong, C. Fitz Gerald, and G. Chatfield; Lieutenants W. Young, J. R. Maile. H. D. Scoones, C. J. C. Roberts, H. G. Rogers, W. Madan, F. Powell, J. T. Cooke, B. J. Cresswell, R. F. Burrowes, B. D'O. Astley, and S. lField; Adjutant C. E. Gibson, Paymaster H. S. Michell, Quartermaster Anderson, Surgeon J. H. Bews, Assistant-Surgeons W. M. Calder and J. J. Adrien, and 540 rank and file of the 49th Regiment. They all proceed (with the exception of the men of the 62d) at noon to-day by train for Aldershott. Her3Majesty's ship Agamemnon, 91, Captain J. J. Stopford, was paid off at Portsmouth on Saturday; her crew made quite a demonstration on the occasion in the principal shreet of Portsea, forming procession, and bearing banners 'with the ship's name inscribed upon them. A party of men lent to the Agamemnon from Her Majestys ship Sanspareil also carried a banner with their ship's name on it. The Queen of the South steam-transport arrived at Spithead yesterday from Ireland. Colonel H. Jervis, Commandant of the Provisional Battalion at Chatham, has received an order from the Waroffice, directing him to hold in readiness the following officers and troops belonging to the Indian depots at Chatham barracks, to embark at Gravesend on Saturday next on board the Bombay Indiaman, for Kurrachee, for the purpose of joining their respective regiments stationed in the Bengal Presidency, viz. :-th (the King's) Regiment -Captain J. Hinde, Captain R. W. Woods, Ensign A. G. Blair, and Ensign F. Longfield, with 43 non-commissioned officers, pivates, and women; 24th Regiment-lieutenant F. W. A. Parsons, and 18 men and women; 27th Enaiskillens-Captain R. Freer, Enign H. S. Simeon, and Ensign F. R. Attwood, with 120 men of all ranks and women; 32d Regiment-Lieutenant HZ G. Browne, Lieutenant N. Crane, and Lieutenant H. E. Bennett, and 37 non-commissioned officers and privates; 6ist Regimcnt-Ensign T. Casement andEnsign E. B. Androse with 23 non-commissioned officers, privates, and women; 70th RegimentLieutenant C. W. Qain and 4T men and women; 75th Regiment-Lieutenant W. H. Urquhart, Lieutenant E. Armstrong, Ensign G. H. Row, and 52 rank and file,; 1st Loyal Lincoln Volunteers-Lieutenant H. J. Faireloth, and Ensign H. H. Briscoe, together with 29 men, women, and children of that corps; 87th Royal Irish Fusileers-Ensign J. J. Leadbitter and 31 men and women, maling a total of 22 officers and 400 men, women, and children. On Saturday the troops belonging to the Chathaam division of Royal Marines (light infantry) were marched to the ground at the rear of the Marine Barracks, Chatham, where they were formed into a square for the purpose of witnessing the sentence of a court-martial carried out on Private William Bennett, of the 85th company of that corps, who hadbeen condemnedto receive 0lashes for being absent from guard and making away with a pair of boots, being a portion of his regimental necessaries. The prisoner, who bears an extremely bad character in the ser-vice, has been tried five times by court-martial, and had been sentenced to receive corporal punishment on two former occasions, the last of which was only a few weeks since, vhen he as flogged for making away with his regimental necessaries. After the prisoner had received his punishment he was removed to Melville Hospital. The screw steamship Duke of Wellington, 131, Captain Henry Caldwell, arrived on Saturday at Plymouth, where she will be fitted with a new topsailyard and have defects made good. The engineers employed on the screw steamship St. Jean d'Acre, 101, Captain King, at Plymouth, are ordered to -work day and night to get her ready for sea. The paddle-wheel steam-transport Rhadamanthus, 4, Commander Edmund P. Cole, was taken out of dock at Keyham, Plymouth, on Friday, and left Hamoaze the samo day for Portsmouth with volunteers for the ships at that port When steaming through the Sound she ran foul of the brigantine Keturah, of Plymouth, Pinhorn master, which was coming to an anchor. The brigantine was bound from Newcastle to NEaples, and was cut down to the water's edge and considerably damaged. It is stated that, in accordanca with the Admiralty regulations the brigantine's helm was put hard a-port, and that the officer in charge on board the steamer gave similar orders, but he was misunderstood by the man at the helm. The Rhadamanthus carried away her Ibowsprit and cutwater, and was detained in consequence. The paddlewheel steam-frigate Vulture, 6, Captain Frederick A. Campbell, was appointed to sail from Plymouth 3resterday, for the Meditecranean. The sloop Atalanta, Commander Thomas M. S. Pasley, was towed from Hamoama into Plymouth Sound on Saturday; her crew will be paid advance of wages this day. F The sloop Philomel, 8, Commander John M. D. Skene, was towed from Plymouth Sound into Hamoase on Friday, and moored tothe jetty; she is ordered to be paid off on Friday next. The paddlewheel steam-sloop Buzzard, 6, Commander William H, Dobbie, was towed to the sheer hulk at Devonport- on Friday, and unmasted on Saturday; her crew will be paid off to-morrow. The Rteam-transport Mauritius is appointed to leave Plymouath this day, with the depOt of the 92d Highlanders, for Queenstown; she will then proceed to Malta. The ship Marlborough, Captain Frederick Smith, from Calcutta March 17th, with 80 military invalids belonging to various regiments, 20 women and several children, for Londbn, was off Plymouth on Saturday, and landed Maior Knollys, 75th Regiment; Captain G. Sinclair, Bengal Army; Mr. Daniel, of the Civil Service; and Captain@. The Modeste, I8 gun sloop (sailing), Commander Augustus Butler, at Sheerness, has been stripped and stores returned. She is ordered to be taken into the basin, and her crew are to be paid off on Thursday. Some of her seamen have volunteered for the Brilliant. The Mayfower gunboat, Lieutenant-Commander Grenuille H. Temple, was put out of No. 4 dry dock at Sheernses on Saturday, and the Plover, Lieutenant-Commander eith Stewart, was docked inthe same dock, for the purpose of being refitted with all possible despatch for immediate active service. The following appointments were made on Saturday at the Admiralty:-Captain H. C. Yelverton, to the Con- eror- Captain G. Giffard, to the Brunswick - Lientenant P. enkns, to the Amethyst; G. A. F. bay, second master, to the Staunch; Andrew 5l'Mann, acting-assistantsurgeon, to the Camille - S. IL Lancaster, acting-clerk, to the Victory; Arthar iH. Wade, assistant-clerk, to the Tribune. THE MMILTIA. We are informed, in reference to tle list of the Militia regiments whichvolunteered for foreign service that the Royal Pembroke Artillery Regirment of Miflitia was the seconid to volunteer for any service Her Majesty might think proper to comnmand. Captain Child so personally ofiereff to give any sum of money over and above the bounty which would indulce his company to volunteer into any regiment in Her Majesty's service, for which offer he received a letter of thanks from Mr. Sidney Herbert. On Frday the Northamptonshire Militia were reviewed. on the racecourse at Northampton previous to disembodiment. The Artillerv now stationed in the town were present at the review. The evolutions of the Militia were all peaformed in a satisfactory mpanner. Earl Fortescue will on Wednesday present new colours to the Ist Devon M ilitia at 'Weymouth, where the regiment is at present stationed, The regimen' will return io,Eeter isa the course of a few weeks to be disembodied,
TME PENINSULAR MAIL& (BY BECTIUC TELEGRAPH. SOUTHA3FTON, MONDAY lOpNXo}. ly thellensular and Oriental Company's screw steamship Saulta, Captain Cook, with the Peninsular mails, we have dates from Gibraltar of the 4th, Cadiz the 5th, lIsbon the 9th, and Oporto and Vigo the 10th inst. The Sultan brings 100 passengers, among whom are his ExceHlency Maquis Fronteira and Marchioness, Count and Countess De Torre, their Excellencies Baron De Amini, S. Holstein, and Mr. and Mr Carolus. On freight there is 2,133Z in specie and a cargo of lemons, wine, &ke. On the 9th inst. the Sultan passed the steam-transport Norman, steering for the Tagus, and the steam-transport Simla, steering sonth. On the 10th spoke the brig Rosin, of Greenock, steerng to the westward, and the schooner Circassian, of Jersey, off Villa de Conde, bound to Oporto. On the 14th, in lat. 44 N., long. 9 W., exchanged signals vith the Brazilian mail steamer Tamar. The Sultan left the French steamer Ph6nix anchored at Lisbon on the 9th; also the British steam- frigate Fiebrand, Captain Spencer, which had put in for coals, and when the Sultan left was nearly ready to rejoin the Belleisle, in Cascaes-bay, to which she acts as tender; both vessels wero bringing home troops from the Crimea. The Maxine steamer, with the mails from Southampton for Alexandria, put into Lisbon to repair a defect in machinery on the 5th, and was about to leave again, aUl right, shortly after the Sultan. The Lisbon exchange, for three months, is quoted this mail at 544 on London, the tendency towards 541 being checked by the Brazil' biUs, which had arrived by the Tay. Paris quoted 322; Amsterdam, 43A; Hamburg, 48; and Genoa, 518, with a general scarcity of paper, The demand for stocks had increased, and prices were looldng up. Threo per Cents., 43 to 43f; Bank of PortugaI shares, 500 to 505 milreis each; Oporto Bank Stock, 18 to 20 per cent. pm. Our Lisbon cprrespondent writes on the 9th " The project of law to authorize aloan of about 330,0001 for public works was under debate in the Deputies, and will, no doubt, be approved. 411 sides of the law seem likely to join invoting this bill. Although . Avilastated his opinion that no loan would be required, 3x Fontes declared he considered it insufficient for the state of the country. Both those gentlemen voto the authorization, and leavetheresponsibility withthe Government. MeanwhileMh Scares,' the Mlinister of Finance, has got the interest upon part of the FluctuatingDebtreduced from 7A to 6A per cent., the parties agmceeing to the dedution rather than divide their capital, which the Minister was enabled to offer them. " The business of the Cortes is rapidly drawing to a close. The House of Deputies would be dissolved or the 15th inst., unless some proposal is made to settle the question of quaoting Portuguese funds upon the Stock-Exchange." At Gibraltar were Her Majesty's ship Brunswick, with the 95th Regiment and four companies of Foot on board. Her Majesty's steam-frigate Terrible, with another ship in tow, had arrived with the 77th and 90th Regiments, and officers of the 42d Highlanders, for England. Her Majesty's ship London, in tow of the steam-sloop Odin, with the 23d and 33d Regiments, 8 officers, and 300 men of the Royal Artillery, sailed for England on the 4th. Her Majesty's ship Sidon, with the 93d Highlanders, had also arrived. Her Majesty's steam-frigate Firebrand, with artillery-on board, towing the Belleisle troopship, with the 88th (Connaught. Rangers), sailed from Gibraltar, for England, on the 3d. Her -Majesty's ship Majestic, with the 18th (Royal Irish), for England, was coaling at Cadiz onthe 5th inst.
PERVERSE VERDICT. (Frori the E1 im N I The Tinmes published some gossip from the Crimea about the agent of a military tailor flogged for riotous behaviour. A Mr. Smith, representative of Buckmaster's firm, being supposed to be the person alluded to, was subjected to annoyance, and upon his return to London a partner in the house applied to The Times for the name of the person alluded to in the Crimean gossip. The reply was that the name was not known. The matter was then put into an attorney's hands, and the answer of ne lTimes tohis pcation was an expression of regret that Mr. Smith stould have suffered from the statement published, and that an inquiry had been instituted into the truth of the story. Before the result could be learnt The limes was informed that the offensive paragraph was one of those illnatured falsehoods called a hoax, and it immediatelyinserted this apology :- "A ' SAvx' oFRom T'IE CAMP.-A letter from our correspondent in the Crimea of the 20th of November last,publisaled in The Times of the 4th of December, contamed, among many other matters, a statement concerning the agent of a celebrated military tailor in London, who, it was said, had been flogged at Balakiava by order of the ProvostMarshal. The story passed without comment from any quaxter until April last, when we received a letter from the solicitor of a person who alleged that he was the individual pointed at by our correspondent, and that there was no truth whatever in his statement. We immediately wrote to the Crimea to have the matter inquired into, and we received late on Thursd&y afternoon a reply confirming the denial of the person in question. We greatly regret having been the instrument of promulgating what niow appears to have been a fabrication, and we are happy to make this public reparation at the earliest possible opportunity." Not satisfied with this contradiction and amende hosorable, which Mr. Smith's advocate designated as insult added to injury, Er. Smith brought an action for damages, and has had the good luck of finding a jury who have awarded him 4001. in the teeth of the judge's charge. The ground of this extraord&iary verdict was, that the apology was neither timely nor sufficient. We ave had a pretty long experience of journalism, and during a period of more than a quarter of a century have only once been in a court of law for an alleged libel, when we had a verdict upon all the counts, and, if the case had been our own, we protest that we do not see what more could have been said on the occesion than is expressed in the paragraph quoted. But the apology was not prompt enough, was objected by Mr, Smith's counsel. A contradiction upon demand was what was thought due. And what, let us ask, would be the value of contradictions if they could be had merely for asking? The knowledgethat a respectable journal wi not make a retractationwitbout being suLre of its error, stamnps its contradictions with an authority which would be otherwise whollywanting. It is quite true that fully as much care should be taken to authenticate charges asretractations, but allowance must be made for occasional slips in the conduct of a great daily paper. The judge, Mlr. Justice Wllles, tairlv cnarged the jury- .- f 1 ere a libel proceded from malicicious motives, then large damages were usually given; but where the libel originated through inadvertence the plaintiff was generally satisfied to accept, by way of reparation, an ample apolog and such expenses as he had been put to. The notion, m his opinion, that The Times paper had any maiicious feeling towards Mr. Smith was simply ridiculous. Mr. Adams aapeared to have written to 2he Tims, and the plain 's solicitor also applied to them; and theyrequired time for the means of inquiry, and upon hearing from the Crimea they published the rewtratation; and this, the plaintiff says, is a mere sneer at the injury he had susined. It is admitted that the statement was made in inadvertence, and regret has this day been expressed by the defendant's counsel. If you think it a malicious libel, you will give large danmages; but if you consider it arose through error or inadvertence you will also considerwhether the retractation and payment of expenses is not sufficient. The application of the alleged libel seems to us to be still questionable. Who can pretend to say that no other agent of a tailor was in the Crimea ? How can this negafive be proved, and Droved it must be before the appli. cation of the libel to Mr. Smith can be positively affirmef. It is hardly necessary to add that there will be a new trial, and we have not a doubt that a verdict so unjust and dangerous to the press will beset aside.
THE ENGLISR CONSULS IN THE UNITED STATES. We ire requested to publish the following complimentary letter, dated the 2d of June last, ad. dressed to Mr.. Barclay, on the occasion of the termination of his official functions as Her Ma, jesty's Consul forthe State of New York, andlsigned by 141 of the most respectable mercantile houses and individuals of that commercial community. Many, if notmostof the names subscribed to it are well known in England - "Comrm TARny ADDRMss To ANTEIroy BAnmcLY, EsQ., Or Nxv YoR1s. "Dear Sirn-We, the undersigned merchants and other residents of the city of New York, having learnt that your consular functions have been brought to a close, and that you are about to sail for -Europe, cannot let yoi depart without this cordial expression of our esteem and confidence. "Without giving any opinionin rebard to the diplomatic controversies which have led to this abrunt termination of your official connexion with this community, we desire unreservedly to express our respect for your personal worth and the high sense we entertain of the dignity, urbanity and efficiency with which you have for 13 years rformea your public duties as Consul of Her Britannic lhjestv in this city. These duties, elways. important and responsible, and sometimes delicate, have been indefatigably, honourably, and faithfully discharged, while a spirit of highminded courtesy andlindliness has eminently characterized your official conduct and your social intercourse. "fWe prt with ad u personally and officially with unfeigned regret, and beg you to receive the assurance of our unabated regard and 'endshif, and our warmest wishes for your continued health and agpiness. "we have the honour to be, dear Sir, very respectfully, your friends and servants, " Richard crvinv Duncan Sherman, and Co. - J. and 3. Stuart and Co.; Harbeck and Co.; Dennistoun,;Wood, and Co.; Howland and Aspinwall; Maitland, Phelps, and Co.; Laurence, Murray, and Ingate; H. Lh Routh and Sons, David Ogden, Charles Christmas, E. A. Matthiesson, Arthur Leary, Henry Dixon, W. Young, E. Waiker and Sons, Henry Owen, John Warriu, W. M. Smith, I. S. Buchanan, Beebee and Co., Havemeyer and Moller; Barber, Pritchard, and Brand - Charles Lock, Henry Grattan Donovan, Aiddleton and Co., Reniston and Jones, Thimon, Fraser, and Co.; Thomas Dixon; Lottinmer Large, and Co.; Richard Bell; Wotherspoon, Ringsford, and Co.- Alexander RaPken; Youngs, Tndes, and Co.; James Sloper- El3liman, Brothers; E. W. Cnning, W-lliam BoyS, Joseph Slagg; Sanderson, Brothers, and Co.; H. Edwvard Frith, Septimus Crookes, Sam. Sloan, Henry Baylis, Jcseph Tarratt and Sons, Spear and Jackson, William Orgill, Joseph Orgill, John W. Warrin, Edw. F. Ward, George S. Raiford, Thomas M'Mullen, M'Coll and Frith, Arthur Rendall; George Wostenholm and Son, per A. Ward, attorney - Robert Leech, per J. F. - A. Norrie, W. C. Pickersgill, Johu J. Palmer, Stalker anoA Co., C. H. H. Castle; Montgomery, Brothers; J.R. Jaffray and Sons; Richard Bainbridge and Co.; Tillotson and Marshall; Thomas Turton and Sons, per A. Ward; J. C. Beales, Tapscot and Co.; W. C. Hyland; Hyland, Cummings and Wells; Roberb Bage, Charles HL Webb, John J. Davis and Son, Napier Johnston and Co., Edwards and Powell, Joseph Walker, Charles Edwards, Alsop and Chauncey, Theodore W. Riley - Moses, Taylor, and Co.; WilliaTn Whitlock, Jun. John Sykes and Co., P- Miford, J. S. Bartlett, Wilaiam Miles, }. Cunard; GillesDie, Dean, and Co.; Joseph Fowler; 7 yseand Sons; Eyre, Ward, and Co.; James Dixon and Sons, per attorney; Charles Congreve and Son, W. W. de Forrest and Co.,Taylor and Merrill, G. Frederick Darby, Edward Blutchard, John Gihon and Co., Holman and Wilkie, B. Aynear, J. Beeluan Finlay, James Owe?, J. BoormanJohnston andCo., AugustusWiggin, Adamsand Hawthorn, A. P. Halsey, Edwin Lewhen, John F. Walker, Thomas Tempest, George Burgess, Blackbun and Breaking Richard Lawrence, Robert Armstrong, C. H. Marshall & cO., W. D. Cathbertson, Henry Eyre, Aymarand Co.; Henry Edward Ransom, Wood and Grant, David Hadden and Sons - J. Boorman Johnston, P. =Symon, Thomas Rigney per 3'. F.; P. N. Spofford, B. H. Downing Spofford, Tileston, and Co., Henry Grinnell, Cornelius GrinneLI, per H. G. * Olyphant and Sons; Do Rham and Moore, W. C. Mtaitland, John Mortimor, jun.;- H. D. Aldrich, Sinmes and Heiffer, George Adee, Dutilh and Co.; F. P. Richards, Masall Lefferts, Morewood and Co.; Wilbur and Scott, James C. MA' ndrew.
SHIP NEWS. TTVEFRPOOTL TJv 12. Wind, NKS W moderate. Arrives-The 35Ioniid M!Kay, from St. John'g. New Brunswickthe Shawnut, f-om New Orleans-the Emily St. Pierre, from Charleston-The Italiau, from Marseilles-the Wilhelmine, from Breenen-the Victoria,from Baltimore-theVolant, fromBarbadoes-the Elizabeth. from Quebec-the Burrels, from Malta-the Charles Napier, from Gergenti. Off the Port-The Robert Preston, the Juno, the Toronto, the Creole, the Idas, the Kertec, the Baltie, the Lord Raglan, the Arethusa, the JSus, and the Majestic. Sailed.-The Nictaux for St John's, New Brunswick-the Parsgnay, for Lima-the Highland Chief, for Philadelphia-the William Wort, for BoBton. LoseDoy, July It-Wimd at noon, S.W.; fresh ple and Squalycloudy.gl n sufy Bsior.,July12.-Wind, W., fresh. Arrived.-Tho Lonisa Ann from Gergenti-the Volnteer, from VDula Nova-the Revolution, from Smyrna-the G rez, from M A-the Aramientan fromiCalao-the farmouth, from Ibrami-the Shamrock, from Waterford-the Juversa, from Cork-the Cornwal, from Oayti. SatDed.-The Amellsa for Liverpool-the Juno, for Ilfracombe. July 13.-Wind, W., lig ht Arrived.-The ibeth, from Carding-the Tore, fro uWatohetthS,Prined o Royal, from Bideford-the sAt Abbey, from Neath. GRA.VESEND, JULY 12. (Bi Sm u anbu- SgD BIIsH THndforOsrn.) (From floyd's.) 9.30 am.-Wind, S.W, ; tide, 2j hours' ebb; fine. Arrived.-Tho Ceres, from Adelaide-the Sydney Grsiiets, from Portad Bay-the ViDcoria Rgia, from Port Adelaide-the Re lnsuce, frombVilaK -the Amazon, frome NewYor-k-the Kielmaramegge, from hSrburg-tho Belgium, from Ostend-the Thames transortfrom Balauifova. Saled.-The Witch of the Tees for Algom Bay. . 71 p.m.-Wmd, W. tide, last hours ebb; flne. Arrived.-The Tiger, from froming-the Albion, for Boulogne. Saied.-The Soaris, for Dfmerraa-the Ann Nelson, fargSingapore -the Leipsig, for Taning-the Brenda, for Constantinople-the City of Hfamburg, for Hamburg-the HIolland, for Ostend. 3 pam.-WYind, W.S.W. ; tide, low wvater; dloudy. Arrived.-Tho Helen Sophie, from' ittuseil-the Horevien, froml Bahenlava-th adougahs, fRoewGue,r esey-the Robert tevenson, from Tobago-the Storm Nymph, from Marion-the Clematha, from gto born-the Threa Queen, from Mtadras-the ewutanid- from hEvannarWarburtou, from Boston. 8aDed.-The Moos , for Rotterdam. 730 p.m.-Wind, W.S.W.; tide, S hous' flood; weather, elody. Arrived.-The Joven frios, from Cienfuegae-the Balder, from Triethe Don Antonio, from Surausm-the Craigovar, from the Cape of Good Hope-the Enterprise, from Palermo-the Princes the Colcordit, and the Roward, from Guersey-te City of milton fropiMontreal-the Chamois, from Colombo-the Vetus, from Oporto -the Three Sisteri , from St. John's, Newfondmland-the Onwzrc from BalakLva-the Sa rBa, from lsmai], SaDed.-The Isis, for Lalta. Jun 13. 4 p.mr.-Wf d, W.S.W.; tide, one heur's flood; frie. ARoived.-ThewNeiy, from Cadi-the Tforch CasUte, from Bombay -the Betles, from Sines-the Countess of Loicester, from Reghornthe Rainbow, f'rom Rotterdam-the aogv, from olume-the FoathElde, free St. Stephen's-the Ashoes, from Calcutta-the AAexander, from HivandaJl-The BCllweather brod the Alwal, from Guernsey-the Tropic, from Bsrbadoes-the Excel, from Constantinepla-the Scareo, from the £auritius-the Paris and London, from .arithe Taograph. from Ant erp -the Sir E. Banks from Cneais. Sailed.-The Acastus, for Tauncestonrt,h IRene, for Adelaide-the Flora, fer Aasterdam-the Feronia, for the Caneiarsia-the City of RotterJlam, far Dunkisk-the Demark, for hausre-the Seine, for Boulogne-the H^arlinges, for H;arlingen-the Lord J. Russell, for D airk-the Triton, for Calais-the Batavi, far Rotterdamn-th hbe, for Hambr g-the Baron Osy, far A otw erp v Arrived July 11.-The City of Petesborough, from Colombo. DEALi, JULY it' (Br Susasas,' cLnn Barrza Txz.EORApHJ (From floyd's.) 9 am.-WInd, W.S.W.; moderate and fine. Passed.-The ;arriet 242 Transport, from BalaC l eva; the Tropic from BDrbadoes; and the Hoehely, from Rio Janeiro, all for Londonthe Josepha, from Mobie for Sheemnes-the Paudus, from Spain Sor Rigs-the Ashes, from Calcutta for landau Anchrored-nc Elizabeth, from Alexandria for Dover. Noon.-W.S.W. ; moderate and fine. The Patrick henry, from Londoen fr NEw York, workTin dowIn. 2 pme.-Wmd, W.S.W.; mDoderate. No arrials. 7.30 pm.-Wind, W.S.W.; strong. Arrived and Parsed.-The Brenda, for Constantinople; and the Dukahman, for Sardinis, both from London-the Alexandria, from lHavanluh; the Juloh, from Lisbon; e Boos Fide, from New York; the Seargo, from the Maurits, the Anna, from Barhedaes; the Alice, from Demerara; the Harrmonie, from the w estward; and the Eden, aPiforLondon. Arrived and Anrhored.-The Ailgie for Bombay; the SHanley, for Jambica; the Wye, aor Mogtdoro; the rlspeth, for TrinidedL the Commodore, for C f; the Paragon, for Rio Janeiro; the Undine' lor Dublin; and the Albatross, for Calcutta, alN from London. Put BSac-The Witch of the Tees, for Alnor Bay, dismoted; and the Brdtish Yeoman, for Malta, leaky. JULY 13. 5 p.m.-Wlnd, W.S.W.f; fine. Arrived and Psseda-The William Briant, from H onduras: the Mlobile, from Genoa; the Old Rap, from St. Pbs's; the Lusitania' from Oporto; the Orpheud 1Tr Ensport, from the Crmea; and the Jamdaic, fro Antigus, all for L ondon-the Ann Neilson,fromondon forMSinapore-the SusanNBayley, from the northward for the wes frmd-theds fSt.ie Poetersb9urg-7the Aexander, from Pamb for ILagunu -the Brilliant, from theawestward far the northwar'i Hullfor alt -th Norege No.46, romth northw'ard for the Wsied.-The Eagle, the Albatross, the Aretbusa, the Princess Josephine. the Reemit, the Ismeas, the Switzerland. the Paragon, the Shwar3y,thet Comfmod°ore, the Cbha mpion, and the Patrick Henry, with Passed on the lith.-The Florentine. TheEliabtlareort-SpkethaAro, orConstantinople, In 1t 44,54 , tlong.10l5W., JulPy 5, a Britigsh shipeshowingNo.g X 9 third Thelauentss nd esliespoe aDanshbark' from Copenhagen for St. Croix, in tat. 45.15K., long. 165iWV.,July 4.P YVzssEr Sposnzm Wrm. The oent, from Velpairaso for Falmouth, June 21, in lat. 42 K., eeHannah,of London.June24.inlat. 47K. long. 21tW The Paln,rston and the Derence, both outward JuIY 6, in 1lt. 48 N., long. 8 W. The Nelson, from Singapore forLiverPool, June 24. The Alice, from Dememra for London, 25th, in lat. 46 N., long. S0OW. The Peter Maxwell, of and from St. John's, New Br*nswirck, out 12 Agnes, of Eeton, wvith lees of bowbrit and cutwvater, apparently through collision, 29th, in lat. 48 N., long. 18W. The IsWleswoo, fro; Glasgow for Rangoon, 31May 6, in lat. 30 S., T%e Onterie, from Liverpool, June 24, in lat. 42 N,, long. 4 W. The Hope, from Plymouth far Halifax, Jul7 18, in lat. 43 N., long. The Great Britain, IofLiverpool. from New Orleans for Liverpool, The Glenberrie, Mfay 16, in lat. 23 S, long. 26W., bound for Sydney, New Bonus Wales, experienced a heavy gale of wind off the ooat of Inad, and received serious dam3age. Tee Kedgerse, May 27, in lat. 43 ., long. 26.W. 1The Maria, from Montevideo for Liverpool, Juno22, inSat. 43 ., HIGH WATER AT IONDON-BRIDGE THIS DAY - rning .. 45 wl. after 10 Aftenoes .. 2 slo, aft 11
ETHE BABBAHAM SHEEP SHOW. The 30th anniversaY of this show was celebrated on Friday, on Mr. Jonas Webb's farm. Tho first attraction of visitors wans, of course, the sheep, 'which were Vnened as usual mn a paddock neair the house. As Mr. Webbz s anivesres have augmented in number so have his sheep pro. of te vsito.wrdsto thfe shiow that h7ehe never ehibibted anisnai which wouldl bear comparison with those turned into the siderable interestwas exhibited in theinspection of the magnificent candelabrum presented to Mr. Webb by the Emperor of the French. From the house the visitors proceeded to inspect a herd of shorthorns, to the breeding of which Mr. Webb has of late turned his attention, and the points exhibited by these animals elicited auguries of isis suaccess in this department also. .asata uc a For all comers a substantial lunch was provided, Mrr in,of the firmof Nockolds and King, presiding. Among thnos present on the ground -were :-the Hon. E. T. Yorke, M.P., chairman at.the dinner; Lord Waliunghans, Count de Boileau (French Minister of Agriculture), Count de Vitry, M. de Champigny, IL de Pazzis, M. Caron (Bouilogne), M. Bore (Secretary of the Journa gricuture ProUquiie), M. .A.ller (agent for the Emperor of the F=rec%), M.- St. Marie, M. Eugine Garean (D6pt au Corps Legisatif), M1r. Trehaunois, Mr. I). Waddington, M.P., Colonel Brice, Captains Goodwin and Pardoe, Major Wilkinson, Revs. C. Townley . Singleton, H. Goodwin, J. Graham, IV. Acton, Holcombe, J. C.2eele, Sutton,Battiscombe,andHLGreene,Me~sersAdeane, Du Cane, Bullock, Milwsrd Gordon, W. ]i. Hobbs, Mechi, F. Pym, St. Quintin, B. Hicks, Wilkinson, R. Tillard, D. Herbert, Cropiev, Batson, Moseley, S. Veasey, Fordham, Evans, Davis, Baldwin, Thurnahl, Mayd, Tanquey (Hen. don) Thmpso (Dke f Beufot'sagent), Wood (Lord. WalsiuRgham's agent), Wood (Mr. Follasuabe's agent),(Iooro tHeds), Garrett (LeicXester), S(aMear-torns (2J, aAfrtins (2) alohe the agents of Lords Yarborough enld ±eicester and 'lady The 3umber of sheep penned was as under:- Five years-old-tbree, started -from 10 to 40 guineas, the clips weighing from. Slb. to Sib. Soz. Fonr-years-old-Seven, put up at from 8 to 25 guineas; clips, from Sib. to l01b. Three-years-old-Seventeen, valued at from U to 50 guineas; cIips Glb. Soz. to 101b. Two-years.old-Thirty-three, put up at from S to SO guinea-s;i clips, 61b. to 101b. Yearlings-Sixty-four, run in at from 6 to 50 guineas; clt Gb. t 91b2oz. f hs 7wr ran inito the ring and disposedl of. The letting commenced about 2 o'clock-, and some of the best tup soon changed owners for a brief season. The chir (o. oc)cwas knockied down to M Aller, and after a spirted bidding, for 93 guineas, having been started by Mir. Webb at 40 guineas. The thirdl tup excited vigorous competition, and was secured by Lord Chichester for 130 guineas, having been started at SO guineas; t-he clip of this aheep was&Sb.1l2oz. The next also fellto the lot of M. ABier, on behalf of the Emperor of the FrenLch, the pricebein 131guinas-tis seep rasrn in at 0 g'ineas thecli beng ib.l2o. Te bddigs were sharp andi wasconcerned. The totalproduce of the aews256 The dinner afterwards took place, a hc bu 5 gentlemen were present. The chair was occupied by the Hon. E. T. Yorke, M.P., supported by Count Bohleau, Lord Walsiugham, Mr. T. St. Quintin, Hon. Victor Yorko, Mir. D. Waddinigton, MP., Mr. C. Du Cane, Mfr. IL J. Adeane, M. S. Marie., N, Gateau, Mr. E. Hicks, and IL Ahlier.
LoRD DEinBo AiND iu TuRF.-On the ternitnation of the races at Liverpool on Friday, the Earl of Derby invited the race officials and the principal trainers and jockeys to a supper at XnoNvsley. The repast was furnished with the noblo Earl's well-known liberality andthegaests enjoyed themselves to the "top of their bent," and did not separate until 4 o'clock in the mormng Mr. John Scott, the celebrated trainer, was the chairman, and Mr. E. W. Topham, the clerk of the course at Liverpool and Chester, occupied the vice-chair. The usual loyal toasts were received with acclamation, and the health of Lord Derby was drunk with the utmost enthusiasm. "The noblemen and gentlemen of the turf," " The trainers of England," and other appropriate toasts were also proposed. The visitors at Knowiley during the race week included Lord Eglintoun, Lord Annesley.,Lord Bsth, Lord Maidstone, lord Glasgow, Lord Canterbury, Lord Chesterfield, Lord C]ifden, Lord Enield, Lord Wilton, Sir Joseph Hawley, General Peel, Admiri Rous. HOn. H. Curzon, Hon. F. Curzon, Hon. H. Forrester, Mr. G. Fitzroy, Mr. H. Fitzroy, MEr. Greville, 3Lr. G. Payne, and MIr. Leslie. EXECUTION OF CASEY AND CORA AT^SANFRANTCISCO. -James P. Casey and Charles Cora were hung on the 22d of May, by the Vigilance Committee, at half-past 1 o'clock, at the Headquarters of the Executive Committee, in Sacramento-street near Davis. Both prisoners had been tried before the monmittee, or a portion of it, and hadbeen found guilty. These trials were in secret, and the reporters of the press were refused admittance, and were unable to acquire information from those present, who, as it apnears, were aworn to secresy. A promise had been made to asoy, before he was taken, that he should have a fair trial, and be permitted to speak ten minutes. These conditions were doubtless observed. Casey was informed, on Wednesday afternoon, that he had been condemned to be hung. While under charge of tho Vigilance Committee his spirit appeared to be unbroken. When awakening after a sleep, he would frequently strike the floor with his handeufts and swear fiercely at his fate. On Wednesday afternoon, a young married woman, his cousin, was permitted to visit him. They had some conversation together. He told her that he was to be executed, and she swooned on hearing it. Doring the evening, the Right Rev. Bishop A-lemany attended Casey, who had been edascated in the Catholic religion. During the night he was rest less, and passed a portion of the night pacing and down He was heard to exclaim, " Oh, my God! has it come to this! Must I be hung like a dog! During the first two or three days I might as well have esca,ed from the jail as not and I only stayed there for Scannell s sake." Casey made a will, the particulars of which are unlmown to us. He had considerable property to dispose of, estimated by rumourto be worth W,000. Caseywas thin and pale, and his expression was haggard. His face appeared coarse for the want of shaving, no razor having been allowed him for shaving. Cora attracted less attention, and conducted himself more qnuetly. Report says he was married to his former mistress, Belle Cora, but the rumour obtains but little credence. A t S 'clock, the General Committee was notified that Slasey would be executed at half-past 1, and ordered to appear under arn. During the morning preparations were made for the execution. Beams wererun outovertwoofthe windows of the committee-room, and platforms about three feet square extending out under each beam. These platforms were supported next the house by hinges, andoutside byropes extending Up to the beams. Along the streets, for a considerable distance on each side of the place of execution, were ranged the committee, more than 3,000 in number, some on Eootwith musk-sts and others on horseback with sabres. lTo outiderawere permitted to appreach within 100 yards. Beneath the place of execution were several cannon and caissons ready for use if necessary. The houses in the vicinity were covered with s;ectators, and in the streets were collected probably not Nes than 8,000 or 10,000 persons. At a quarter-past 1 oclock Casey and Cora were brought out upon the platforms. The former was attended by the Rev. Father Gallagher. The arms of both were pinioned at the elbows, and both wore white caps, intended to be drawn down over the eyes before the drop fell. Cora walked composedly, and stood stiffly while his companon addressed the crowd. Casey exclaimed, "Oh.God, pardon and forgive me. Oh, my mother! my mother! I hope she will never hear of this. Oh, God, have mercy on my mother; comfort her in her affliction. Oh, God! have mercy on my souL Oh, my God! my God! Iam not guiltyof murder-Ididnotintend to commit murder." Some one here said, "It is not-neces. sary to repeat that again." Casey was confused atthi, and mentioning the name of his mother again in alow tone of voice, he drew back. As he did so. the drop beneath Cora was withdrawn, and his body fell a distance of about five feet. HIe did not move, his neck was no doubt broken by the shock, and there was one soul less in the land of the living. The rope was adjusted around Casey's neck, and he weakened in the knees so that a conimitteeman had to sum porthim. He va laced on the platform; amoment af wards it fell beneath him. He struggled a little, 'but at the end of about three minutes he ceased to move, and he too was dead.-ChZifornfa Chronic, May 24. VAuxWA.m GAEDEXs.-To-morrow (Monday)eveaing dill be the last of the season at these gardens, on which occasion Mr. Green will acend in the Naisala baloon, with a pary of ladies and genSemen.-Ob,ervcrx
SALES BY AUCTION. Twentyne Days'sBlJe, commenting THIS DAY& COMPRISUNG old and' m3odern Paintings,icld anewhole-lencth portraitot I'bfl poiSAin, E6 scrc bM ty The LoddigWe' Co]lection of Onhidg-Thid Poji2. MJ.C0. STVENS begs to annoupce that tbei is fxed o ts p re a t 3=4MOe~oTent-tairdems mV MG - Z"rrv ' v0. Pd~~treet,~mprov4 Rrt.141 of140 per Unn;i a! seaIn- W SRS. ELLIS iLdSN:~ itdt SELL, twAUOTLON. at Os-Xdy Vul1,IZ 2 lu!w S bcl~'!e Otter h,~ or46.My rwde by pOrIvate ooatlracltj I excelent~' 15131ue184192i.Ito 65,Fercsuch-ftreet1 000- areuneelt ri evra IcandSON ate reainostrini 2tead at e SELL bylesclr24yess ofChrrebHeebtt prtatren of £18 pe TnEMB. erntopernofa Wmitchbe had iot Mr1 mianlesfo DAyle.bary,IS al. lirdok at Garraway'a~~~~~; and of Meser.ElsadSn.acines, sea. ~JESSRS. ELLIS.ad SONaredinsrectedb toe SaeL Tlol b UCI at Garrn- awlots, on Wredneday, Jrly 26, at 12, (nTes VeraLQuda l Coftgs Drich F oe uYfrLDm eeatiWLnD, w situate ids tiret aseis portWio eutraneh Thoetintennal froa.mentsare. veyj togpether a ompin n a bmoerte 2ie tcres frisati.h root id beaulingt(on, a.tte bcktir wshed vety ito Mr. ltidoveha'n of~ th93 eecr anumi. To hI vis 1edt peroamuionows-1 Eisq teant a yerlyted pstiruats sn bei hau, No. days lrevosto the -risole, atsq.e forinal tees atc' Becireshat, Webeslwas Alsnext. atnde1- rhiehur of Me5spr. W. Wm . Teynd hIt. byren,e soiiors, 2m expil trmr of3treets ata -bro.drewn'; sa of M23ssrs. siuaeInfrneo eeb&iry, sco;4,Fnmonrchet fratermwhc epie 'hld er Tue-hl, l'tetr.Eldmoroe,and ftrlit ortong-crersc.t Burtotn yejl teSSRS. ELLIS3pe and SON, brel doranuetied b thermofxeony,tob ncad of thelatmEli Canla Sones P}bqte, Iato EL elrsr mayb- TIrMyS UCIO, at Garay.rinwlts,.o ben Tesday. July 16, at 1, TWOe: anruacetabl Cotffers, freviousone runif oyrmilvati on,rawith sTHcREd ENrOntUand ortc PeEtrance PAbe R inenL ArDrangementsWare er c.plton , on th modeateh Wcale;w tbere fise a lawnsad bahutifrol rAyldenuat the; blose,wt verch othter,in clea o theg a'ountr 31re-s wdt biok ans lsttoinrel c towholl,e ; lot ao Mer. toena obnt.at £58 per a McantlunasTb vewt tted lapent ooft£ er nannum. ithed arei helr bny )bi.4aleae,rr f nepredothermofe7 yer atariua oosent of £23iSs, 7,erudmeia. ABeaei ha.holiotre.-crahlld Eandat Cottage,wl Faesram. yerl tEnaS. atL£3Ipe annu Sed fore dniuectied temof SELL 'lerro at AU grun rX.nt ofrr 3) So.T perty annuy To9b viwe by tizlets3 onlyc,eto be,ha of ears. pe~lels andeSn Pranted. privastes cotayt) be ha o PAssrUR. Cla ARALE n.3 COo.sn,adWiniht saictParsu6, neweiunre. Lin.colnsiap: at lraa;adlMsr.ElsadSn autiner1 s, 6 Fegcure-aoitlSnres.t. tc,e,wlhcuoi Wsd,c,"-arddn.lOstabling,bssr-.ah 13ce.-4rsehey farz-d. 'j ljjeSS~eS-vtM. ELLthIs and SOrcr&nrurm. ,- A7to S1arcaEL fiythlbyUtheOreat darbeldwfy's. Sonue'sdaylleuly Oxor, atenewaules ancrdngcetottl n,otterT be preeweltlmad by *rivat conrat, ofthR eEat sliton, In-rthe fl,~suarvhofWrehe14ajospraoutt lie ml-seattl aeplfefrom hnn m, RuckLowg am, Whasyow,Ayltesburyh, ofc Whitssrs. W. of. 3ode, WreW. andIt.IVrs, 3, slicitosrsh-t,t at, GechrcbFreetv; sad barrassrs. ail'rnd Sf ewa aEtle nedr, don, auctionecnrsh. to.rG eecaci tct l'ds.uardtntta, unkiugbamhira.Ee~ .CehldegeharirtFaes ~,ESSRS. ELLIS and SON a.re disructed to SELL MJ by A.UCTION, at Garraivay's, on Tueeday. July 29. at 12 (unless an erartire .ffrr bepreioslymae mneby riatecotract), a FtE Ayealrngry.n couipriring about 10 acres. ttofe,with c emlr3befremhoiuse leton150c o M. tsthsrs.at3 erannm Abon law acre. wume freeold,the earsnderheidf Al Sou's Cllea, Oxfrd renewable aecodlugto 04Cm.Tore.-ewd -a y lperoetent ou tire tenant.r less etBuckinhanr,XWnsloI,Aylesbry andnWhitobr 2ebo Messrs ~ESSR2ELLI'and SON1ar-e dinsrected to SELL by AUCTION. at Oarrawsay's, en Tue3day, July29, at 12. ra,ls HO' EAULD icuead ao RESIDENCET situaeate ouamthe.sx (mtles rof GAyersbny corr" elfngd-squtre. aceszN.wIth enithogrtbenfat theouss.1d siabddolle agricultural boandia Ltatel in buisthe occupThreidnnof r tcisstJn.redrw let on leaset . olmo) to hi ironi la, idsrn ilriam6 Sh iry at ren f£10tr annun.Th Toabe ae viewe bo'M.Tylpermiss~on ofr thtnantm; Prin.tedparticulearsa ebhae14dayswo priierato thndentole sitreet; at tcnss-sseayrawaya; and of esr.ih ntSoauioes,e,34 Ciower-ateet, c.efordIntae,t-St.orere lrrenrn holdtire edfor 1WSRS. ELLIS and SON are directed to SELL M by AUCfTION. at Garrways, in b ontThed ofe Jufly2,a 2 &tcidssl LEAEIIOLT) SESIDENCEiut kown b eastbridge Lodge Gnlelrgstreec sitcdtorsqre onbestnelLNo.ndswuith gardnen gatvtelIback. and denning eriaghtro e-lhhmsor and stbe nCen~ie-mreoin. Theroesdidnce Isnle and leaseit- A Soloon, EeI' lry.,a for 1dentars.frm tiauandr s1354--. atd £1tabler annum. Itise surounded r bpletasu r. Tayor,dsatn4e annum. Th heron ud ealswareheld bytolsP tese et WimblnontighoilS.frnnApie termlyl ent4yer or ay da, SRS.T.b iee bytcnet SONl aruen pareticuar may bEL heiSSdys prCIOr t athesl,o Mesrrs.a', ieLe Streemt.hand Guteres. ancoeleters1.bleahatrebcrVours,lpotmaneby piat cartrawat's ad ofpta Me-ess.AElis sd Sn, ucIoner, 4, ofen-ehd.reel-stvat.o,4tliir-' at ent-hnle.Wadeiwehtfuly-tanteocnthoDopocthe-d Fqureeh old Ia miedtmteecaion fitr nextmentiv ord beriuatrflviwn. onan nine rinclalELLI &cnarnbdcSONambrctw direted toomSELL Ldinn by,AUCTI opn,n t a teGrracewal'.kn tand onservaJury. aunloss contyainn eIhtndsmoe bedtrcehambr andl drssaingoo, hw andclsoet adin ned suitabledmsle offices.,ti surrnunded by pleasure groundLscandgsde walledlardand theroiaudowUotir andPutngter,satndtaredabouaoe coil ditos. My b vieed,andfurher aoriurtaserhad fr. aA.n C. Hok, lud aent. IA. reatGeorg-stret WstmInteW;oftFinnger.Resi colcito. 5 Rayaeaos-buidins, Gaybaun; o and f Mssr. Elis on on.aucteners.e, 4. earln and ofet Girenwlebo-haitL --A caia eathedaes gresidence -rto e Pnetent or f Occupation n O4SRS lLd n O anrcdirectedt. SL LU. y ACTIN. t Grracays. n te mnthof uly,oro thnes DeltachD.FAt. HEI'aro idetachedoft handoesielevaio, wihe- oretic atenraoce delss.Ightfull-ysiut on. thetO ofa the hilt,a uate Mofday mile fro tire ortetiof with eortgeensiveondthe'utioinviesui ofte iSt n OeprniS. and7,Secndryubeadchmes C twoages,son terroos,ta elgNt de ofn Srooma, zopeni to a drt hueracefwam athbck a en'sprta withis room,e in'of onening occuaterrac wal nhesotse conervatoanu, teangoo librar,m hanexrdsome entamceat a gond sare.,two partircularses andh Wallnedard eni. sTlictr.rnawl of. Skinerstsree nowhter :and ofthe daiceg tisoepeterS. Heiontfortan unexpid-sred t Iterraof N5oerto,a attievrylo 'Worted rent rof ade aunuSt. Stayrbe' viewdano-the-E-tLaebe pEarticula bMro.M A. Cm. Balseo. lanmd.-agent. MASOGreat Geore-stret, West Mondayecsf. Pintniger. orers, clof ,S the ods~ulig rys in,:of19,ses loWbtrnsd-terrace, Nl;`icutoors-iniearEshe: aond of Mesrs.lisna So. utteners Ac. 4, entenish-street. Xz2 Griddlese.-Very valuBakles Mtea,dat Land.Pnnerentarofaronly onpe anthurnm 'iot pxeslionil. eoaain M ~ESSRS.TSODW ISENKand SONN wvllSELL byoue the rAUt, Ou Fiat. thuly t onTedy,5uy0. at 12 , aoeIt byoa o-ARdEr of vhe brytgageelor aR brick built OOPYHLLNG HfAOUS, it rN,oien baer's sht op adiptmotemogt the omerof iuties-betireen, Tramaigaroi~d ranolev. Mlay be viewed.2 Pa rticulrstof, W.l JSramesEq ex lci-td) Hertfordsh verirow groAdabourt IViFESSRS. STOWNIEN and WINhawv l SeeLL byou [T UTO,at the Martt.onnTuesday, July 22i t 1 n o. atU1,'s, LAN and 0. Pr'AreSH-lArrace, ionptoaimugo245 ner. Spthfx!e Cbsarableg andRal way urSlantion,le ith Mesrs. Thoutl agricudturalbidinst£1 eend cSttayesidtn-tret Garenih Ch eryood Inthe paucishoneef~rsn ers-sth. Mraywbe AUCTION, aththe Prdumar wt,o TleeslayJuliry 22. hatd12 FOURt ilerssr,adsbir,eatV£1y eaMch. Stay perviwe. Prilars Mof J Altexaner.sea.. soicior La, Sot-sret ilnghs-laqu nare,horloeyth MutrScrs, esnsre. SEGrenich.n O av y a vlaote.-f.iPairsotem-rlctlansrmte pCot ri8o resencs,ErLdbdirct Trom eNs, hds,B r ISb at the Mart, on Monsday. Jiy2.a 2 ntreIt~4a z p Termounexied 2 er,a a groundd reDL nt. Particulars of Tires. .Keitg'siArms, Ilr-lanoterad &oandHemabel FHemetadD etach.den,St dehsns; Itoe avnd Croun,WatfooChrd e Swan, idces.TeHor use a th Margtt-iofy Messr. boos an Pargtin1ten, 9it, ravies-uree, Berkeleyis lqrsegean of StALesstene aendrc Dand Jhen, wland haind tibe erotgeof. and2etab74teaents, WXotidwelodeear u atdfortsereMonte. apndat tei form ptofenton-brige,te an ad Cro jlry.-BalMl. OT ate o Feuu-City Hofe i5n thercityvof masttseirahlon FrendaoDJtlcIS,t 3i dinte, afterynoteoccptonfCare ads es.TeHueI sbstnily bust.h i.fte wizasaa Garduten, uith Greedose, do, andofice with atein Bridtigestret a3 laing6 ithorbgirt.r,a strongcltofsetn lege rougSt.-Auustne,( anid Danles t ion. waly havt,iing a pfrontgeo ISit, by 14e ftla with irn wallcalculeatedfo the rthdee garen prvted dor prgls12ont't gentlemante andt alo.Sr-fySr.nt POwUT,o at .tir bja 1ounta.irdnHtl daing them ciftyof Canteur, ont bf Friday, July lSr atS nindthoatenineou bacn.12ts,-6t yrlDighogre. ditiE roomse IBM by14t,sud -oh the geodoroundo capitr, bed roms etrancre-aly 1t8ft. by S ft.6 in. li 1tbray14 ft.S3in.; by 120ft. I ia., fittedomwith boffoec-seo obod, amtpeewtieey03Tnofie.e with wairesut le ithsgood fat.r 6 therby 1axft. ameo strng closet, clusvfwlametro dooa r and wood loes II fet.an,byd lft,m dinin ho ruer h iaS ft by 14g ftdwelstce with Frnc bwnowc leading to . thegrden, study lawh gdtn drawoieg loo ft f I . by 11 ft., lI2 by. Si t. by.12 f iti in -in,lvwoelnlbothn beatod~' wit t. by" pipes. overeooinotther garden bed rhouz;ams, w rclogey f. csayr one fu 23 inte, and l4t4the otirs. suned freomup'he- with godwter;ok There l armpleir Kwie and aled entrgeoanae tota does2tic ofimnb lt2 and y18(wih o4 ft, bylS ft. 610n.] respectively, both heated with hot-air pipes; gardeners pottery and MB. D-A.NIEL, bRONIWWCi -jnht M'*=te o"S EL E' by 'Aoel ECTIOXlMXxiuiro,atys at i2.the may corluilte ' 14 adPSR10.a,atitc efto the ex- is 'in Lh beat itate of repair, adm"iral A-rr.ungd, and inathe posareadu ofa, trade of great onqgitude and Pro3tr& Thtiihas ben the well.re. mgnzed clar4cter of tho house for mazny Teatm and sa the preaeat tmit amplly pustatina its high standfing. X4y bei Tiexed one w-erk prior to the sale. and particulars had on toe Prealises; of T. -%V. -ml E,sQ, 21. Badf.,rd-roa- ;Ans of the auct!ou"mw 41_ 81nomeh1-rysqear*. Ther Royal Mint Tavern. *Soueth-waarf. PaddingrAu,n, 1 s,ehare Iou tiglans to severml Of the, principal entraucce ot thea tirorit Wnt RaLw DANIELns CORNIN -is directed by Tffr.LHen~ iVltinf..wh,o ireUriog fromn buaelots to SELL'ey AUCTLOV at G.trrawsay , To-morrow, July 10. at 12. the visry valual.le LEASE for 37 years with mtcseeniou, at a low rent4l of the ROYAL ES-INT TAVERV. Padldington. The luijilibu is deciledly one oif the beat of it, lcid.5 O asto tsremrkblesoldiy ad larutdiato-aaaxeumityts,h buesietuatiion suay he inferred fomi.ondteuisittb buis pi as of the termna.us andI whirch see daP,r indicating freeb sourese of trade, teicera egbuho n hrohae i the well-sustained andlong-estab,lished business. May beriewed one weelk Prior to tbe sale. saild psaliculaaa,had1 aoatGrrawV;o T. H'. F7aveP' Esq..,21, Bedfor-.i-zO; and oftihe uotioneer, 41. Blooma. bery ejusre. 31[ITfDANNIEL CRONIN will SELLbay A'UCTION, .tat Girraway'se 6eonill. on Thursday, July 17. at 12, a ver, neat ,and 1-rll.built VThLIA RE,IDEN CE, in a respectable ana plesavazt neighbostyi-OoK1, beinig Victori- Villa. charrininly sititte in the Gillvit-s roast. Wo.t Breompton. let to-Mr. Polford aLt the rent of LGD per annum and held onlease feirn tcrm of nearly SD yeams at tlhn ground rent of £11 per annum. 'Maylbe viewed byleave of tbetenatnt, nd particulars had at (lsrawa's ; , f hmn-sm Martinelu and P.ei'. Rtsymond-buiidinge, Gray's-inn ; and nf the a'actiouee 42. Ble roshmnymesjnare_ Bremtouoqure.Enihlsddr.--igile Lseold Investmeut. lend-tax: free. MR DANIEL CRON Th will SELLb-y AUCTION, at Garraway's, on -Tbursd:iy. July17. at 12. the LEASE of a noejectable and commodious REIDEgOE, eligibily sitaate. An liin NoP. 5, Bromptoa-bqoa,n, Nliddlewae ; let to Msr.-lienry Wilson for a term of'three coals, from Alichnelnij, 1525, and held br lease for: ter of fdyeam from Lay'dy. IS51, at the groned rout,df £7. prodee2og a netincomeuof F,ig per annum.- blay be viewed bY permission of the tenant, and Partisulaas had at Garrway's : of SIr. Knox, solicitor. .Bloocesbuury.square: and of the auctioneer. 41. BMoorish iry-mirine VeleablO LaeodIpue aetlu well-known Wine and Spirit Establishsment NClebour. CE CIOININ will SELLby AUCTION, ALttCsrswy's (lnshll,on Thursday. July.17, at 12. the LEASE, fornerlyIIyeas.ata eMond. rert of £25 IOs. per annum, of the Chonchsereet Lsesoei:roE. aYI isurOe et' a' leas for 7. trm ofl b5 culat on aconsierabl Caepitalun aonttershp ati( ortke tuinrar.o o the reset uner la lwre ndrn. Particulars mry e bdatGa haad'a of bleses Bnthoeme andIt Cbda r,soeiltrs-, G.t arayw-in-yns sando the netonee, 4. ilnembery~sselSteet.. tnvle &NTN ~lI ELLby AUCTION. att heldfor log trm, t alowgrond rnt.Paricuarndsyb had c.sfi at th auctoneers niEes. 9 Asuwli-eteet, Amtonille - esrae eFeeeldIvsten.,Ctyroe.t oe-od MIR.HW. STANO ilStt,b U TO .At emtaleither as thiae Presidenc TaI for a eele5s ath er of tee. an Prpi-itin otes fo velmanddletseo Sla beomedl ndpricl innus. Ct olhor:ea Gonwa' and atomthes ando uctioneer'so .cs 9,. 0mwel- street, Pnort- itye. XjjR. HB. TAYEROACLE-wl SELL by AUCTO-, I-ALL aIN onsrethe oostre T1HifrdstrDAt. 2iatsrecih-ely. re orderid thay Juopyeto,uth2.stwUutaullsctLuARedfbilas'ITUIt ofia 10-roome -a-an-teot ity.o MR G UD E wilSELL br UTO,a h at nTedy:AU Tiy V. at12nb drcmpioing tLe Proprieter, panhend plr iese-, timbera adoorings, lead an zicbuters fittingS, ofixtUG1Res IE fl-saop frotnts, and usefll esfofects tay el viewe thpoes dayprertofssal e.vrtu ltofcataloue hd cat' thce o-ntlee Lft Sfmssrs.e. t. aid cait GlutIn Whr,iatehallplace anld ofntir. Gatcbuer Chan:toie latd rolleet Prt iot.herry,eUte. aYpoene,anICairpet. jtosl. HEd DavRellSLLb A CI n, port authisnegrea Rom 410. Oxfoebry.-stret erth.qnr.o r da, ul BARNEt 12.a smralCELRohihcs WN.nluia bin ordter Cuopanh ' '4M etor.otldi 80;itoo umse' two d iittaobieo' ol obEstate,n heeapt adl othgeruantities cLi old, i brottle, oCrf'tcr.1 suishantia aesdeothe shippers.ithe o Sroe-ny couamriseil bns o acrei al. golaed anda brownldfid; p,art:n. Dhart --oner landuarvy,eepin:e ro 0 of .,senwofcapitrl(ithea fne,vew ju tsrlrared nne hlrtasslao t p40 doeinnwl bottled Pert Th whle re yin atfaI. ete's erom.rCa Tborinpected time prier.orilt 13e t jYASELL r AUCTIO . otthe tartgnTuses uy2. a t 12, by direcion o Ohs ropreto,lith-out esev, to freepay advqnces, valuabePAREL o irOUGIet RUBaIES f,or ofscutting. aoswell for -atch jeweling t dpoelightfurl m poraut clatfret and carbuncoe gamete.c a1rndord namet sir captainthed atatheGrpathoagod huntng watches, o gofVldlnem Srtatns,1 Geneva wocatces a erilve-sr chotme by ngetrin. af uaTity_ aloflaed, artiese, san icitherseffect. May evrwedr dof prior ato saLe.1 Eataogue at heaitart; n of- JohWstera, ADickbon and -oaven. port;, auctioneers, 32.luer,kaedebtat city. rEgmt Rcmod rEehol KtentleFuceb,an lea L eand ine-uGreewc. Mm. ARNESOX (o icinlu)t the Maler t, onIu by. atr2erz the aotirnoon. in- Thurlday,,Jalys DkVahlaRippe VaeFrichoplleatsure,go ca.al of gretin alozthronet comprising aol i acraubstanth lal rsidncean cteo grous nd, coathanang'eacoytwoe acres,ladapted forh waterd,goein Thert property aid situt ft the wmesUter crncert of f Genic-art-f wthe atirse viespeofabitsy.ey The sropationi aitst hat ripa l e.n f.oarua dlb, fopmnirn aling, and beautiful landscap h in fr he rear. athe Reailway I otatioeuigh b'ews13Ieeod chmbtt sacos. drwinhgrooim.an afrler. dinen h oome, 'With bewll,competen ordices.iandrange oifialdin. land cl orb hopple. Alsoa larg gardenet admetadoe, Faltgtirnaly oue,;twol~ Dacrs Sbuamit.olcfroms toaerotbownl.n RasirhlwaySttiv:of, hsir. jm clyt ensur wav eyor, lgst derofgateon-t: oaf-aare. Barntwo irhn-ean ottaesLombrdhousee sandstabe, andt Belacsueaphied wieenwitrch. ophorear an i o R icmsm ediattney.1ocuartion,-eo vaualm w ce uto:, eretlsemst.s thletwnR. Railway Saion,hainstructed w by the sOurag 1',uer a,lTk grunder powrdo sale,roudn cEuntby A UCTIO,on peeof aesdav July0,3ig at thefiuiho-ree Inrs, Richmond. asr bildr 2. andalols _ eHcaET buies-AWSShops A~and premises. lI-ethtewo. pieared c Lusidin, l- and nieal rhenl whoellbuilt dreehllgboss allhe fartecul-lpesntn aa raee b toi,dof tuneityoionveer; nd of cialr. ofEe seuringyous es arleep tand ha thin delightful 4 loaliy. o,ic-uladinend conditions and ro Distinguisbe obaned t h FraeehodIan tbm d:o san1S1,relDIns 2 Coorown-cout,hl insraistret.on ofWlli-11,at Smy,the. Edi,solictor.d and veryesret LmotSut hi'-nTATo knoenes, Oa, endi)l Allen roli etor., CaInrlislhe rtest,dence of thlese,s ToSir Simlon es end P-lrice. sorl dcitos, 3. Bcdfsrdrt,; of theeox. Woh ofe LSis,Er .aciet . John-HnyPlnBr;astrenet. odenpti anidxof ,r Pkngawt asctioner, valer, loendlestoe aeto,bs GCavuetre Esihmn,. Eah 2strsofzd tnt-Fee,Tdrl farmpsty nearoWalane andodbeni.hfl17% S2tJo. a withat the Wail fter CasntleIn Deal:,1au onrTmedayt Jul wes t 2rin the aouhgtenroa.di to le.tgt, e a d eesiabe leTntI 115d1a'ENCetstRieplet Vale,awithopleasure. grondsso an, smtall madiow,i esaltoet coutprisingard aout ear acres, with prdcashlarntle amlig gar prefct rde, anl ft fr te imeite ecet uio-ntofallfamily uf lthe lint repetabilit. Thelaroperty is sitot atRppeaetarmile grtat'tute likewite 3triet eold Co ttaes ithmgardes sod ah fcniree ale hostad,o wit bowlaning-gee end peises, andtf buildiiglatnd, parll at RIplare., Also conbeniednt jdetchd Famly p es.a pe el about.amieTroh e W Sowo and ,railwaoStaion,g hangn exexeull ent waled-winh gardna of bot-batelan acre adTwo netCottages, n co8ach- o holubean stable, and w supidithrenesfo waheter, andcompeten rnepr andomith forimnty tol OcMaidstione. As-torcnl rcetcu deace VUCIOa, awithgrens art.ppon Wes].dabo uty 30l atm2leftoe ther townhan Talivaby EStaton,hain PRviEwTof ctheista, ofaile Cabstle gruds and surrundimngcrm-ountry. Ait thepeir piece oftb lad doning. t o laboutethrettares, andapoted7 forebuidin andablan- car., meaterash adoo,yad,and premise, wigth to o 4pieces of uilding Wolad,in taImned of the auctoeer;and of Mr. Wise. St the m oent Dent;ofesss. Woerol alndm Iee i as hld-uneedoer:a21 inr. Leaden fof tlesses. aund Cander of RCcxhesolter, 4.c has bood-reuiedins Gvry's-ienn eand oy payeant. ofea and Edwtoardy soicitorsn Deas reewd Raesit 1;e Ditinguieshred retand very-ta importnt FreolenpatCyhd TbiR.DUtate RTHislhono ured withd.pe rfSnuuciOn aL to SEL byre tIOn, atho thez Mart,on tueday.hesterand iStrOnt ati 12, Stheidistinguishe statendvethe bimportant ILrATer Mnowny as Oathe il, EyastBernt foelenecly thme-wre,-sie of thle, late aind SiOnhr Iagt reentCsrl-e Rmos. decmbe ased, undltey in the ocepiatiot ofa lime Jorhn Henryu Perllyant. ce-also_ an ecellenteide mee,b knwnrdb arrveau ege.en Icth ten Dean tCane. Chavter orlncs rrb,1t withnsi2 andesaof lan trial fharinaR afodjoining.Uit adostdiacteri Islet reyncbilin vils The seet-ryte nis oxtnesile anovrth of thd Ctasy-hmtch west rom he Suthgte rad toWhrltone .tiorceient Rhesidece atmWelsaioe. lto es oC uy as. n otg dono 6n nd ' near the irfBrurl 1I,ESSRS. PARGUS. wdll SELL by AUCTION, at ILL the White Lion Inn, Bristol. on Thursday. the 7th day of August, (unless previously disposed of by rr vate contract,) at 1 o'clock inthe afternoon the valuble FREEHOLD 3aAWOBS, ad%owmon, farms,1ande, cottages, end estateis lte the rsoperty ofJames Adam Gordon, Ea., deceased. byorder of his Tiratee. subjecttouch conditions an wil thenbe produced. and in 16sts, or mah others ansmy be determined onat the time of sale :-It L. The xmnlon of Naisb, wits its pleasure groun-is, gardens woods, ad appurteusnees together withthe-honrefarm, sltnateinthe everal-prTshem of Clapton Portbury, and WVaxhbll,andcontaininDgtozetber.arccordingtothe tithe-admeasurement, 2fa. Jr. 2p. ThemanusioiotfNaish is surrounded by detigbtfnlpleaeure green1 is iturate on a loftyeminenne about eUbt milenfroustheeity of BEtol, contains capitalsuitesof rooms, adall suitacbleand convenient odices, lain complete repsir.A nddt for the rcsidence of a family of distinution. The tws from the houseand rpe. stre grounds are beautiful beyond description, theyo-verlookthe rich and fertile vale of Portbury, the continence of the rivers Avon -nd Wye -with the 8evern, tbe-Bristol Channel and the Welsh Hills. Lot 2. All that the Manor or reputed Manor of Clapton. and the mines and royalties Utereto AP7egrtRinng. alzo, the several canital farms, known ss Sperrin's F3rm, ort Farm_ Nce Fania Wick Fam, Welley's Fam. and SB.bsw's arrm, the Black Home Inn, at Clipton,ad several cottages and gardezs, sa situste in the parish of ClaptoD, contiguous to lotl. and onbtaining togefter 59la. Ir. 2Op, Alo the Advowson of the Rectory of Clalton. which cornprsLes toe rectory hore. 35 acreS of glebe,-rvnd the titheT-ett charge which aTands comunSted at :2W0 per annum. biQers of coal, Lron, and mangunesp, bavabeen found in this lot, Lets 3 to 12, adjoin lo' 2, ansl comprise the Uannrof! North Wgt,mo, ausd several etpital frs,r: ying ifn the harmlet of Nort Weston. of about 70 ames, 40 acrep, and 110 acre. aone c.ttsges, And other cises, and with the Hill 3 al;r of abotet 00aise3, whichiuonwVfo Sale, stretCh to the lrste. Char PI anditorm a domain which any English genbollecr lir-hi be ytrond to own. Assunnatthe other lots wil be found a capital frwm of about 118 amcnres;n the ptanshcf Tichenham, and lodway Farm, In the * p ps- of 8S-; George, containing abuses 174 acrs. For fusther Sacticeisra and for tirkqito view the scsgio;, 0plh xatmIoa land! caty- *e M . x~t~ an dWai,wt elios ,Nwaus,1ai'. TOBWjaftl. ' Os. ContArlee and Others, 11,1 E8RS. 1rRICBaaod- CLAJIK *if BELL by Kentigls4ows. voaw thb Castl Tasw t ThIui* u.17a 2k 1. tIme STOCKIC ITP.AIIE ote B ur&wg qz0D'i feetrO- P-edAouve oatk 10 1 %clha Peh bowrds, leas w mA swhjt boa,rds , eev 34rngtilm. 5,600 p7Iac briirka, s-lste&*n rviak bm ~ ~ ~ ~~~~ec Oa la fenc-, anet Elzeez. ONTSaacIng ffeeta Maybe teeed and eataloca bad of HN. Stas..' fewS g~, official a.algnae, 1k,Baoh1-re anid at ithe anticesa ~~I4EbSRs. PRICE nd 'CLARK wilSELT by IL UCTIONf. atthtlrrloozs. asaibore, on Frd..y. July18%a 12 forI.a LThX~ exelent S3panish mahogany W NGEI) WARD. 1W8E be.lstdraw rua, bledtop waMshtands. amd the uwul be4 chamer ew,n(l~ma exerpinr dinirg tabies, peaest&l sidebcaxd, nmao uy-boLaahoid Iorveokwt, produzaij £215 per annum,74ESSRS. . by direction oa the atortgaoe. 1kESR. RCE sand CLARK wiHl SELL by A. &CTOT at VrraY s. onTaesdady.JuWly Z t12fcfrgI.r 1--e WarbPuS64 tAzabl' .. situaite in De&asm-mewa, HolywelI-lane, Finsbtiry; ale, a well-built Dwellinga-house, witls ~bop aa-i lrenziEes, situate andbejngNo. 45,Wor.ship-street: .held for long teans, at a loi fi.rrond relit.-The prop,erty may be -l-eved byperminiaoniof tlho teraxntw. n'd pazticular had (10 dais apreceding thze sale) of 3Mr. Smitb. 45* WOn-bi.strett'Of It -Warren-, Fag.. soticitor. 3. Verulam-b-,ldlngs, .Gr2y'm-inn : at GerrazwWg; AuO(± MSt a Price Roua Clark,a offices. 43. Chancery-lane. IVI[ESSRS. ~ ~ willSELL I AUTIN.T a arrawAr's.on TOTS agr t 12:fc-t3,in UU Iutnauhyipoignihorod being Nfoa 22, 2ll, 24. ua S, rAsplw, .:lz'pzad Dlugtn :in the occopatiou of respectable tenants, at rents Producing about LICO per annum, Luct bellforalougterm at a Imoderte ground rout. The:p 1Igmo be view.d by persotmiso, or the tenanta ; and pacti= 0 c CowNieLo Eee., Solicitor, 10. ienons-av,treiOs andi at the ofICes of l,sia-s Price and Clark, 'A. Chancery.jaine. in Thney eo . Ce Hm.,mt.AFreehold yIfita 1. prnnen ar nta o314 per annuw, in lotsasutable to tho nafal lESU .PRICE, and CLAR-K 'Will SELL by 'IN AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Tudam , Juy2 t 2fr under the direction of the Slight Hon. the Iaettr oI th-e Ilolls, a ec-.. sicable FREEiis)LD) LST-ATE` consisting of four honIse vith, shop, 2nd22small dwelIing-hou9e-s, ettuate sod eingin Qucen-street, BroadwaY. Hammersmith. neaothech~bmeb din the-county of Yiddle. oer. May be viewed. aand part,icuars obtained, 10 days prEeeinag t,ho eale. oif Xegars. Thorn'ike anod Sm-ith, sollicstsss 11, Stnrpieinn. Hoti. horn; C. F. FhIlils, Esq.. eolicitor. 44, Lincnlu'e-iOn-delids; at (tarra. vway'sa: and of 31&teAs IFaire and Clar-k, 48. Chancery-lane. In Chocer.-" hellns v Coeilne"-Eueld.Iliddles, Ari~tl an-tEaU1ding Land, Cuttages, Statling,kc, beldioratlevine 121 AESSRS. PRICE nsd( CLARK wHI SELL. ly LT. CTION. atG ay'' , On TreFday, July221,Pat 2 or3I,a three lutg,- by nrder of Ida"lonour the, Vire-Otanacellor Sir Jobn Situart. 4S. Mep aff AR.A.BLE LAN13. situate sear- the Fallow -psk, E-nleld-ebuase, with fruaNtge to the Toad in the Occupation of SIrs. Hom t the lQw rent of £10pe annum ;live"ctt,,ep, itabIlLg,. -slAd building%, sitnato-at Guat-laane Forty-bill. in the occuati'oun o in Prsonge-ane,BaIer-sree. Eniel, ner te Old Serent Pu luic. ~ retung hesa,, a tt ofics tt .ndo thebbry e.sc.l~ -. Surey-stret, Sranehold IMoesrty. hozarspeon, Z.ebeol,o a- a ltrwn,soicior, Sttroducilu Louon o per JnamesAlu. e-iisr W Aantham uncey tat the sa Teresa,l ForlyIEEOLD E.raSoldR W t ASewyS: aDJ atO thofflcs,fMonPc.caicead Calynci.tr,t 'TTDoPrs SUne-raeers. Snoheip NIJSSRS.T PNAsRCEUand CWrlaR IOll bEmbL AW. T OXA Stxro athisP.3teS Roogrm-s. ltrept. C.ugaohiloncees- d.a Wenext, y ltJuly.atIlp at 12v fr 1. he aLK tI sbanz TPlacDEef a I5sIUfEsilAL F-IURISHEa,com,pridotoernews-ifula\-elv. On'lewaihcThlvreisy neit dounclt ctloakes, lved.znsl m-e,hnuslt Dorstabie. utt-ate ecBuldingopeland. riig51 ces a producing £-1 pee annuto AIESSRS. IIIVERS anLD EmEAbHRNE are ir.-t Sann YM.Flrctt ozzounce thet.isvalabe FREALI P PRT oS .Si)1LDJE 0 BOCS.cs at3 C 'iaradialyThm. ba', dc, rm le To Drarper sko o Sill wseatee, Shpes, andig iotherps,pn.e -eiLLdon. tbeheis R,noom'. eauiltimsteet~, Ldgat-ill.mentFlstry- Paslul ingL ing, MR A. RICH RDS ha r Ceive winSELLtop toy A.BOT wL SELL by AUCTTION, at theMr, h satwekI- nr-~ ielAswll'-r s ohorrtyaeaTottnhr , July 1 0.a 1 o 18n50.rJc% ,V 'D EtrUct-1OU b EM Fnrrcog s toP nnounc3 tha th SLEo MAIISEBLOIIl3 at ss-rrs-wes-fThamsliburk,-thczrc, frm aes Efota-`Apfromc l0, llswiltlb -eaa ild taoe ithennt 600 eMr choice olda Aine, half-pintsC jof Petseven ler inbtl t-el-erculil ainings xctos.ae laYESrgo b Jll.n E.pU) CKado.wl EL teL be uCntiO.ate ofi-loi,14 ,Ofr-tes,oWde,s' Jeuly6 abotl rr'y,O seea is ftn l btldPRS,scoe obl tlen wite wines,Fench still ondvpatldn dic ,ol ona n liqeutT rs; and 10 we-flat doeutle paintings,Ts loscnbetse ord sampl-es antain atote rauctionears'ioge daypao tosae adta bok,adSerrites-n cLeaseaod Houses. andy Shp.belu udoingfA. e Cts-wil eLhLd by tICIepa td C'aledonanRGoac; 19,IMUYxRe%ostrea-t, Gtodezs,uaSalishny-tesrcSlimr- bWo-old,o Htan, Paintingsa , hldbyseprt Glease-afiar. 08yer, ata -ic- grou nondentsheytharonedt prodcerda Arental of lOpc annum ltersOf tbolariVemvdGraeieulsseiat the ileat:~ SArchway Tavern tlgbgste angtelIirlnare ton:s off9essi Mrller end treto. so,]Liettoear 7,t lit aoIe and eastate Gagnt, 5,niaton-bill, Villasi,,,Camdn-road sopsite lsy1oIe fRm oval ofFSltrofttheexcellentmodernwFuniture an Effectsofrom 21. Hla ilond-steeancTes aday-hiY 29o athe for I-ob-. Sin-eon -of-t he 6yre Arm TavErn. St. Johfn's-w GSood, ! y e!o . by SfR. Fon LE iIlt'snee- rennecttul t J. omicethti coue wac e ofth& sei h. lease otsi-il audoe t he-residntla" of theiS ePu etse xctr as n sEu'ed.3 obins onremoerLand SELLbyACTONtheheFri3i the Wvm. F-Rnoen, oftefte rs,ofredy,JlyI,ikil. Th f-~ a enviewed atr the residancedths dagyer, autii- po7.liza, aXndto-moseoa moning, at 1seethedLr lirans-Aufcoo,ion anxeelate coe,- Niia aitalO York-gtd Reetnto'a-pecbyFT,emkt-r lin, poised r wool wit carrOd moulingstruc ated Oth fer efor sAVie bey-n PrAY.EJuy"14,and 'iTonrow thedgenuie HO SEIOd is-orngo and lTer, 43. anddEFr?-ICT;acompuingtoa roewod rzizIcn suiew large blant pate,i chimney aibndIT consoe calasek o? nhe Ctap ROtLee adsONsO the furitreof inngs-em.lbr, and bedD, rooms2, Senct or ein theire aftroul0 ounce fpae eie hnsm ltdgo ofA the best manufce an extespensucl lioIdv chronoesvter, siwlves pester det,anhd tap rat-r lavre daublexatenlod gusnesysa e-bing at wst books, and boservcs,o blcksihina and gloat.Mayd beov,ew d fonrSct,na tand- orlInt tof tae.pCaAetealogus thaduo the premtisnoftes sdILLO Aseons. & John-street,beakfst, Adecepahi WooVlIo Hnds, aintings Czehil nateGas, within~ Za andeso Itheel IJESSRS tw. nd of. Cos. xn oE3oiuHmou beg niofa HE1noNRthY BaRe TNh eeceived instrnctoamte Extiutnge at herlrge oo,nub. liss-ylETITOneet, (ttheRyldn oqar, Bat- c.an Tsubmit fory 1comp,ttion th2e ufers onsbet portiontio of ECS eo-dfoa] 1t. be thenlbndthetreet Groduen-sthare conising ofubl ared ompact n ohrchin,OLies frTATEd endlorw d an Hgrtiwne coiln paintng,taoks te. y bf so and asomblragleof- aial tiosce Ill-neous Poperty ict-glu o`zen 9ofT Superio Superior headse, solnf0stck or, pasture 0oguoLaar rcwdith neunerons the artices of a a-edad setul descripdtion. inthehoUr,lbs supreiord Thoue old vurniur eligdl fe3ts, wtout re-nerve.a-u of9 crB-as of Gtrand b! laacgort byu T 40nsn en madoew cs- oa le MHate o culirlo SEL byk i3 tACtIO, Onat the, ILL Roms 21tOld. Band-satureetso ue dstray. Juy2, t!OOat I2 for 3se wlsets-,a sal choie CdListanc of Podic-AINTING ina atbe%Tr Wye.a by 5,IIiD Frostee Ps-ner,tu Befrdngbidnett tsofa J. Varathesxtley teHowtbastrelifr.wIsatErgetolau biliothesfr then etratiDts The esgis h ithgs-bxTWa benen oandomr,, ptinire&rd aruist'D proos inlue ao: spenidh one ositutle Redbi Riding goodln ytobswalko afehreb La dwibeer;the ireeuffelral.ft%rWLkie,A h1'wmbe stindeu enemla-rae r te sdoeiZOantdEoGrverst er plel-ayin deietio;atecapeita wado iapplortorte, by T Wm.lDen, inpothed rose-n wool wihlm ms-redrI weokinlaza; nodb badfew othe rcife-es-the tge'i proles-t of anest, nay 'a iEl- the d1Gay'*uior tuand, 1andosogo OEuit,esod eatalose and Hlatnth Soliioms; andof: M tepaly, f cioW, tbewHotel,la inasada in Keretw. wimothiblr minutster walkdof the am of 710 acres of valual lland, wiME. seven of Brrel nine mieo Cpeha,nrmiles of Badminton and Tf, WILLIAl- TAYLEIL WIll SELL by AUC- ILTEON. at the Catherine Wheel Inn, Macshied,. on T-aesday' July 22. aLl forel inthe afternoon (unless prestou-l3y diepored of by petrate contract, of which due sSotioe will be given), the following valuable and desirable FREEHOLD -ESTATES in lots :-11'he Cosgtle Farm, comprising a subs-tantial freestone house, buIlt In the VolOtho cit-In, and well adapted for the residence ofs a eatlosan or zporteot-si, with gardens, barse,yards, itables,and eTery other noeeeaiar- no1cn venient' farm bidldis.A and 112m. Ir. 2Sp. of rich arabie and parbxso land. in the oacepation of Its-. Joseph lEarris, Mr. Jiediar Gals3, an-S -Mr. John Tipper. Also. sundry Closs pert of the Castle Flarra, in sin lots, comprisng Sla9. Ir. !Op., in. te occupation of Mr. Joceph Hari,~ Mrs. Golding. Mr. Bus-combe, and the ocpjtr Al tt. Springses Farmo, comprisinz a camp newt-MIl a-bos-ose with garden, barn yrs, stbles, and every oter nee:-sinry fsam buMidIn, and Ills Is- 37p. of ras-able, maeadtow, and pasture land, In the oeespation of Mr. :Edwardr Davis, Alao, sundry Closes, cosminly knots-n as LuckUlea Lands, containing 19a. 2c, 23p. of as-able and pasture auod, fra the o:cupatin of the proprietor. Also, the Dloom Thorns Pstrus7, comprt'ing a ubstantisi farm-honse, beautifully maliese anld surrounrdol by ornamentaLl timber, w-ith garden yms&% and all ocees-. nary fires-baidinge and 274%. Or. Ip, or thereabont5, of as-able and pasture l&an, in the occupation e!!ffr. jolrlsa"d.8 These laysso sare contguouoto the town oif Mlarshfield, sai 3eectnce inert excellentwheat and bheeley4 or which the lnslitt in sO 3stly celebrated. The sell lamest light and friable, said pum t deplmforadaito, potatoes, Ind all other green crops, 1hishgh sad dry d t my ulnpa lsrt a4t(pfr u~4ma. hslad-axIs wth a =igexceptien.
