DEATaS. On the 2Sth of Januiary, at florsley, near Sydney, New South Vales, at the residence of his uncle, Captakin Edward WVeston, Italcob Charles Weeton. second son of the laze Lieutenant-Colonel Henry 'Weston. C.B., Bengal IE.I., aged 23 yearm On the 10th of February. 156, in his passage, on board the hlonarch, from Calcuttz to Englaud, M1ajor-General Sir William Henry Sleenan, K-U.B., in the 6Sth year of his age. deeply mourned by a large circle ot his relativesand, friends. On the 1lth of February, at Melboure, Ellen, the beloved and affectionate wifa of Robert W alliams Pohnan, M.YLC., Judge of the County Courts. (On the 1lth of rMarch. at the Mauritis, Mratilda Anne, 'wife of Capt. N~icholas, of Hf.M. 5th Fusiliers. On the 3Gth of March, at Meearn heer, Lahore. very deeply lamented, Arthur Gordon, Ensign in 49th N.L. and youngest son of Colonel A_i L Gordon, Lite of the 5th Dragoon Guards. On the night of the 11th uIt.,. at Broach, Bombay P'residency, Lient Ot0. J. S Lauenre, th Regt. Nf.L. in the 30tlh year of his age. youngest zon of Charles Laurence, Esq., of Battle, deeply and sincerely regretted by al his brother of icers and a large circle of friends. On the 29th of April, of typhts fever, Crimea, Edward, of the Ist !oyal Regiment, 2d battalion, y-oungest Son of the late Mr. Samnuel Castle, late of Oxford-street, Lon(ion, aged 26 years. On the 7th inzt., at BeUamont Forest, Cootebill, Eyre Coote. e3q., J.P., third (andI eldest surviving) son of the late Charles Coote, Re-q , of Bfellamont Forest, Cootehill, county of C(ivan. On lhe 13th inst., Susan Anther, wife of IV. B. Cartwright, REsq., of the Field, near S-roud, Glecestershire. On the 14th last., at his chambers in the Temple, Charles Bellamy, Esq., Fellow of St. John's College, Oxford. On the 14th izst., at Bay5water, the Rer. Josepil Sutcliffe, A.X., aged 914. On the 14thL inst.. suddlenly, at his office. Guy's IHospital, William Rowland Amnold. Req., of Park Lodge, Sydenhaam, late f the South Sea Homse, aged 73. On the 25th inst., at Winchester. in the 79th year of her a ge,Isabella Jane, widow of the late WilliamnValford, REsq., of High Beech, in the county of Essex. On the 16th lnst., after a protracted illness, at Woromzow-rosad, St John'e- -ood, Chas. A. G. Sivrac, F.,of the Bfoard of Trade, aged 37, On Friday, the ICth inst., at his residence, in Portmnan-street, Septiunus Worrell Esq., late of the Coldsetream Guards. On the 16th inst., suddenly, at St, George's-terrace, Da&.on-rise, Pe.rcy, yotngest chld of enry Constantine and Mary Anne Mount, agedi I ear and 11 months. On the 16th inst.. at his residence. Portiman-street, Portman-square, aged 68, SeptimusWorrell, Esq., formerly of the Coldsteam Guarcs, and seventh son of the late Jonathan 'Iorrel, eq., of JuniperHall Alickieham, Surrey.Es Ju Hal On the 16th inst., Hlerbert Edwards, the beloved child of Samuel John RuiWn, Req., aged one year. On the 17th iust.. after mninn Years? severe affliction, Elizabeth, the keloved wife of W. Ar. Dwight, Esq.. of Bath-terrace, camberwell 39ew-road, aged 62, deeply regretted by her family and friends, On the 17th inst., at his residence, Heath-terrace, Lewisham, Mr. John Varty, late of Bishopegte.street, aged 54. On the 17th inst., in Wharton-street. after a few days' illnzess, Stnnfell, second surviving son of John ElIsN Clowes, Edq., of 7, Brunswicksquare, aged 29. On the 17th inst.. at his father's house, atb Pezntonville, after aL pain. full illness. EdwardtAnsted, Esq.. of 36, Gtiutter lane, Obtapside, second son of James Ansted, Esq.,. aged 521.
MAlMOIRS Of SIB ROBERT PEEL* The ashes of a great reputation contain fireat any time sufficient to animate those who stand near it, -wA -with his immediate successors the name of Sir 'RobertPeelonthe title-page of a workwhichiwas his legacy to posterity will be certain to have no ordinary influence. A voice from the grave of the foremost statesman of our century will be heard -with rare deference; it will rivet its hearers, and re- taui them in a sober ecstasy of expectant attention. Tt may be precious and oracular, instructive for all ime, but of these qualifications we may judge at ourleisure. In the first instance it concerns us as a .literarv announcement, and our office is, accordingly, -to set forth distinctlv w;hat this menmoir, or rather this first portion no+; published, comprises. - The world is alreaady familiar with the codicil to -the will of Sir Robert Peel, by whichl he constituted the Earl of Stanhope (then Lord :Uahon), in conjunction with M-r. Cardvell, L.P., trustees on behalf of his posthumous reputation. To these gentlemen he bequeathed all Mis unpublished letters, papers, and documents, public or private, in print or in manuscript, with powers to select and publish, and even to destroy portions of these papers at their *.mcontrolled discretion. Ee left them also full liberty to decide on the period and the mode of publication, and in the exercise of this discretion they have at leng,th thought it proper to give to us, not wvh.at wve should naturally have anticipated, the first portion of the memoirs or papers illustrating the life of Sir Robert Peel, but a separate and complete e.pisodical narrative, drawn up by Sir Robert Peel h-imtself, and inhisowvnhaudwritinlg, on the subject of the Roman Catholic question, in lS2S-9. This narrative, it appears, is one of two or three similar statemnents left behind him by- Sir Robert, the second of -which, in the order of time, relates the circumstances thp.t attended the formation of his first MIinistry, in L3S4 and lS3o while the third explains his conduct -with reference to the Corn Laws. The editors inform us that " after a certain interval the other two wvill follov in their chronological series," but they omit to state whether the interval vill be simply the interval between one volune and amother, or whether it wvill be filled by the publication of the intervening materials. Their introductory preface is so very scant, allowing each of them about a page apiece, that it is not sulfficient to cunvey to the public any clear impression of their fturther resources or future intentions. They take credit, 'we observe, for a " rell-considered delay," of the propriety of which we have no means of judging, and they conceal their plurposes and materials umder an air of official reserve which may or may not be verv exemplary. WVe have no means, as wve say, of judlgig tlheir interpretation of their ftunctions; they may be dIuly cauitious, or tnduly costive; they may contemplate the advantage of us or our grandchildren; they may have something hereaftereven for ourselvesvery di£erent from the present narrative;-all these matters are as deep secrets as any intentions of Cabinets iiz vossse: and we turn oi-r attention. unmnstructed in these respects, to the independent but substantial claimis of the volume before us. There can be no doubt that a vindica^tion of Sir Robert Peel by hiimself with reference to his conduct on one of the greatest questions of our time is of the highest value to historians and politicians, and of considerable attraction for the general reader. It necessitates too copiouLs an incorporation of documents to render it lively reading, but it is striking and si-nificant. There are those of us -whose recollections will revert easily to the period awhen his conduct in this behalf was the great quarrel of the kingdom. Politicians of that day were nearly diiided into those -who denounced him as an apostate and those who recognized him as their sa,iouir from a grievous calamity. Eminent theologians anathematized or blessed him witl more than their usual intensity of bitterness. Even scholars employed their scholarshiD to denounce himi as " a Mwretched Mlelian, wlho led the enemies of his counitri through dlisgraceful passes to their melancholy triumph," or to commiserate him as an " Act eon, Whose hounds were ready to devour him, and for the same offence-opening his eves." From this conilict of opinions, of prejudices, and antipathies he now appeals to o-r calmer retrospect; and if any imputations are supposed to rest upon his character in connexion witlh his conduct at this, time, this volume contains the materials which he thouglht necessary for its vindication. *Memoirso tlexRight Hon. $irl?ortPeel,Dwt., M.P., kr. Publisehed by the trustees of Lis papers, L*rd Alahon {now Earl Stanhopep and the Right ion. Edward Cadcwell, MY. Part 1. " The Rom Vatholi Qluewtiqn, 1828-9." b_ Mx, y [18 These materials are not voluminous, and testify clearly to his "fear of encumbering the narrative with documents irrelevant or superfluous ;" neither do they, except in occasional passages, comprise much that is new in substance as well as in detail. They contain the briefest possible statement of the previous history of thle Catholic question from 1812 to Peers own participation in the I)uke of W.ellinoton's Government of 1828. They specify the grounds on which Peel himself was opposed to concession-viz., the danger of abolishing tests which had been established for the express purpose of giving 'to the Legislature a Protestant character, and thefear lesttherelationsin whichtheRoman Catholic religion stood to the State might be so far altered that incidentally the Protestant Established Church in Ireland might be thereby ruined or impaired. WVith umwonted conciseness Sir Robert states the latter apprehension thus:- " The Roman Catholic Church, witlh its historical associations-its system of complete organization ay.d discinline -its peculiar tenets and ministrations, calculated and intended to exercise a control not merely spiritual over those who profess its faith, is an institution wholly dif-~ring in its political bearings and infeence fromn other forms of religious belief not in accordance with the Establisb ed Church. *'Vh.atever course mihth be pursued vwith regard to an institution so powerful and so anomalons in its re]ations to the Governmr.ent of this country-w<hetlher after the establishment of civil equality that institution should be left perfectly independent of and unrecomnized by the tstate-whether it shouild receive a limiited and qualified endowment-wvhether ias some proposed) it should be placed, in Ireland at least, on a footing of equality v.ith the Established Church, there was in my opinion little hope of a final and satisfactory arrangement on that head-little hope of establishing religious harmony, or of excluding the irnfluences of religious discord from the civil relations of society." The Protestant establishment, as he fnirther intimates, would be thereby endangered; and if, as Plunket held, the Protestant establishment was the chief bond of union betwecn the two countries, concession to the Catholics might mean. in Pceers eyes, the contingenlt dismembsmelmnt of the State. HIe does not put this qulite so explicitly, but it is clear that he means to imply that hc resisted concessicn unider this apprehension. There is this reason, then, in addlition to those detailed on page 9, wvhy Peel should have either adhered to his former line of conduct or should need a special apology for cxe7 changing it. Ile confires himsself, however, to the charges of changing it abruptly, of coqiuettinig with agitation, of shrinking from the responsibility of using any legal powers he possessed to repress the organized excitement established by political confederacies. On these points, wlhich, without caring to express an opinion, wve remark that some would maintain to be secondary to the main question, he offers Mis defensive narrative, conunencing in Januarv. 182S. On the 13th of that month, on the break-.p of the Gcdericli Administration, the Duk:e of Weilington wrote to Sir Robert to invite him to join the .Ministry which. was theni about to be formed. In the year preceding there had been a majority of four only in a very full house in favour of a resistance to concession, the numbers hreing 27; to 272; and t-herefore, as Peel very justly remark:s, " the attempt to form an united Governmenlt on the principle of resistance to the claims of the Roman CatEolics wasperfectly hopeless." The King himself said that it was to be understood tlhat the Roman Cat'holic question Mw.S not to be made a Cabinaet question, though certain highoffices wverc tobein any event reserved for Protestants; and, all -parties being apparently agreed ulponi the prelixainary basis, it wvas Peel's endeavour to procure the co-opa-tion of. some of those *.ho on the Catholic question were opposed to himself. To this effect he drew up a memorandum, -wbich he communicated to the Duke of WeVlington, strongy urging him to seek for assistance amongn the seceding members of the Liverpool Aclministration, 2nd he wrote to his friend MTr. Gregory, FTnder-Secretary to the Lord-Lieutenant, on the 18th of Januaiy, thus,-" I must be quite sure that such men as Lamb have rejected fair ofiers before I can make & common cause with inferior men, and cemmit the public service to their hands." Oii the 1st of February he wrote to the same corresnondent " most privatly," "What mnst have beeui the inevitable fate of a Government composed of Gooulburn, Sir John Eeckett, Wetherell, and myself? Supported by very varm friends, no doubt, but the strongest feelings of attachment to the Duke of Wellington-of admtiration of his upright conduct aud intentions as Prime Minister-of deep interest in the success of an undertaling on which he had entered from the purest motives and the highest sense of public duty-I determined not to insist upon retirement from office, but to make to the Duke the voluntary offer of that official co-operation, should he consider it indispensable, which he scrupled, from the influence of kind and considerate feelings, to require from me."' Accordingly, a letter, marked "private and confidential," whilch he acldressed to the Dtike on the 12th of January, concludes with the followinig characteristic sentence "'If my retirement should prove, in your opinion, after the communications which you may have with the King, or with those whom it may bo necessary for you to consnlt, an inszuq-able obstacle to the adoption of the course which upon the whole I believe to be the least open to objection under all the circamstances of the time-in that caso yon shall command every service that I can render in any capacity. "Believe, me, e.,c "RonmIT PELL." Immeciately after this decision was taken he attended a meeting of the Cabinet, and announeed his determination to his colleagues. Lords Ellenborough and Bathurst wrote approvinig letters, which are given here, after -which MAinisters had each a separate interview with His 'Majesty, to express opinions in conformity wvith a memorandun of Sir Robert's whieh had been communicated to the King by the Duke. A general permission was thereupon granted by His Majesty to consider in Cabinet the whole state of Ireland and to offer their advice with regard to it ; and lis MIajesty also gave a reluctant assent to a Royal speech, worded vaguely in accordance with this permission. Then came the contest at Oxford, all the particulars of whieh we pass over to come to an incident infinitely more curious. Upon Sir Robert's defeat at Oxford and election for Westbury he took his seat onTuesday, the 3d of March. "Being anxious that there should not be a rnoment of unnllecessary delay, I gave notice on the 3d of MTarch that I wvould on Thursday, the 5th, call the attention of tho Houlse of Commons to that part of the speech from the Throne wshich rel.ated to the state of Ireland and the roinoval of the civil disabilities under wvhich the Roman I Catholics laboured. "- In the interhn circumstances wholly unforeseen occml-red, which appeared for a tiume to oppose ani insuperable barrier to any further progress with the measures of which the actual notice h.id been thus given. " On the evening of Tuesday, the 3d of Marcl, the King commanded the DuIke of Wellington, the Lord Chancellor, and myself to attend His Majesty at WVindsor, at an early hour on the follov-ing day. Wo went tlere accordingly, and on our arrival vere ushered into the presence of the King, who received us withhlisusualkindness andcordiality. " He was grave and apparently labouring under some anxiety and uneasiness." Then came the hitch-viz., that the King objected to any alteration of the Oathl of Supremacy. His Miunisters explained the nature of the substituLte proposed in the case of the R omanists, and that the Oath of Supremacy, as it stood, if required from them, would be an effectual impediment to their enjoymnent of civil privileges. The Kin-g said, "Be that as it might, he could not consent to its alteration, and asked, after this explanation of his views, what course do you propose to take as my Mfinisters?2" "He observed that notice had been given or proceedings in the House of Commons for the following day; and, addressing himself particuilarly to me, who had charge of those proceedings, said, 'No\w, Mr. Peel, tell me what course you propose to take to-morrow.' I replied that with all deference and respect for His Majesty I coluld not have a moment's hesitation as to my course; that the Speech from the 'hrone had justified the universal expectation that the Governmnent intended to propose measures for the complete relief of the Roman Catholics fromn cilil incapacities; that I bad vacated the seat for Oxford on the assumption that such measures would be proposed ! that the consent of the House of Commons had been given to the bill for the Suppression of the Roman Catholic Association, if not on tl:e express assurance, at least with the full understanding. that the measure of coercion would be immediately followed by the measure of relief; that I must therefore entreat His Majesty at once to accept my resignation of office, and to permit me on the following day to inform the House of Commons that unforeseen impediments, which would be hereafter explained, prevented the King's servants from proposing to Parliament the measures that had been announced; that I no longer held the seals of the IHome Departuent, and that it was my painful duty to withdraw the notice which had been given in my name. - "' The King put a similar question to tlle Duke of Wellington, wvho replied that he desired to be permitted by His Majesty to retire from office, and to make to the Hoouse of Lords an announcement to the same effect with that wvhich I wished to make to the House of Commons. "I The Chancellor intimated his entire acquiescence in the course which the Duke of Wellington and I proposed to pursue. " His Majesty was pleased to express his deep regret that we could not remain in his service consistently wvith our sense of honour and public duty. His AMajesty said, moreover, that be could not be surprised at our decision, or blame us for the conclusion at which we bad arrived. "Our inxterview with His Majesty lasted for the lonu period of five hom-s; there was unintermitted conversation during the whole time, but nothing material passed excepting £hat, the purport of wvhich I have faithfully reported. At the close of the interview the King took leave of us with great composure and great kindness, gave to each of us a salute on each cheek, and aecepted our resignation of office, frequently expressing his sincere regret at the necessity which compelled us to retire from his service." Thus the Mtinisters actually resigned office, and the statement of the King to Lord Eldon, and which Peel quotes, was therefore untrue. Sir Robert puts it with due decortun tllat Lord Eldon must have niseniderstood the account wlhieh he receivel from His M\Iajesty, &c. So be it. " A suidden change, however, took place in the King's intentions. At a late hour on the evening of the 4th of Mlarch the King wrote a letter to the Dtulze of Wellington, informing him that His Majesty anticipated so much difficulty in the attempt to form another Admninistration that he could not dispense -with ouir services; that he uiust therefore desire us to withdraw our resignation, and that we were at liberty to proceedl with tho measures of which notice had been given in Parliament." The measure accordingly was proceeded -withl, and wvas carried, as we are aware, with the extinction of the Association, the disf-anchisemnent of the ' Forties," and to the manifest advantage of the Qtueen's peace and the nation's lhapiness; yet, after all this edifying thouglh diffuse demonstration of its indispensableness, here is Sir Robert, its elief author, concluding with a superfluous afirtcuation, "1 in the presence of Ahuighty God," that he believed it imperatively necessar to the interests of the Chureh, wlheni it was clearly necessary to the State vith wlhichl the Churecl is identified; insisting, moreover, in the language of the Prayer-book-, on his owVn perfect conscientiousness, and defending himself-wve regret that it should have appeared to him necessary-in the manner of a sinner rather than in the spirit of a statesman. On a review of his entire apology we areinclincdto conclude either that itwasunnecessary, seeing that the public was alreadtv acquainted in a general sense with the considerations -which properly influenced him, or, if desirable as a statement, including some feow considerations that are new with ampler details of those wlich were familiar, that it should nevertheless have been disencumbered of these solenui protestations; nor do -we think that in making these so profusely its illustrious author took on 'this occasion the best of tlhree courses. W"e shall not undertake to apportion his defence to the various charges he proposes to answer, for this is more than he has himself attempted. \Tearly at the close of his apology we find, however, that reference to his motives to whichl we have iust alluded, and which draws from him an observation hardly to the purpose:- "If," says he, "1 had been stimulated by personal ambition-that sort of ambition, I mean, which is content wvith the lead of apolitical party and the possession of official power-I mElighthave encouraged and deferred to the scruples of the Sovereign, and might have appealed 'o the reEgious feelingsof the ountytorally round the Throne for the maintenance of the Protestanlt religion .and the protection of the Royal conscience." H e forgets that it is a link ;in the chain of his argument that the possession of official power on these terms was next to impossible; therefore his avoidance of this course may have been wise and right, but it has simply no bearing on the point in question. His intentions may have been perfectly honourable, though his ambition coincided with his duty. If his ambition neither distorted his views nor compromised his principles, he is exempt from blame; and he fairly retained his position while he bowed to a necessity of State. And novw a single -word with his editors. In their preface they intimate their intention to withhold entirely many things in the Peel papers and to delay the publication of others; and they are, of course, right in obeying the injunctions of their testator, that "no private feeing should be unmaecessarij wovunded." But they have also to remember the context, that they are so to exercise their discretion that " no public interest shall be injuriously affected ;" and surely it is a public interest that Peel's own contemporaries should bd informed as explicitly as possible of all circumstances "calcuculated to throwlight upon the conductu and character of public men and upon the politicacl events of the time :" and, further, if imputations are to be made against anyone, they should be made while those inculpated are living and can answer them. These are equally reasons against unnecessary delay, false delicacy, or mistaken reserve.. The Peel papers do not belong to the category of private memoirs; theyare the remains of a pUblic m.an, jzd zas uch theyr shouldbe courageous;ly andled, those warm friends being prosperous country gentleknen, foxhumnters, &c., most excelkent men, who will attend one night, but who will not leave their favourite pursuits to sit up till 2 or 3 o'clock fighting questions of detail, on which, however, a Government must have a majority, we could not have stood creditably for a fortnight. I say this as a i-aisoX deplus. I, for one, on other gronnds, could not be a party." Peels views in this respect wvere in part accomplished by Lord Anglesey becoming LordLieutenant and Mr. Lamb (afterwards Lord IIelbourne) Cnief Secretary for Ireland. Twvo letters are next quoted as having been exchanug,edbetween Sir Robert and Lord Wellesley, the retiring Lord-Lieultenant, to showv their friendly relations in Lord Liverpool's Administration, and the continuance of these now. Then comes a correspondence with M3Lr. Lamb and Lord Anglesey on the propriety of continuing the Act for the Suppression of Uinlawful Societies in reland, and which was shortly .about to expire. iBoth L,ord Anglesey and Dir. Lamb were opposed to its renewal, as tending to keep alive a feeling of exasperation, the mnanifestations of which it had been practically Found inoperative to repress. The Association, said Lord Anglesey, in.su)bstance, are dwindling into moderation, but renew the act and you will have them in a blaze again. Peel's ease, however, is this, that before acting on this advice he persisted in pressing for information whether the Act applied to certain proceedings of the Association, and wherefore it had never been enforced, ie inqures what answer they shall give to Parliment when asked why they have never tried the efficacy of the powers they demanded, and adds, as his own opinion, " it certainly does appear to me that the position of the Government in abandoning the law without hav-ing made a trial of it is very embarrassing." He receives, in reply, various conmiinications, the most importanit of which,-that of 1Ir. Joy, the Attorney-General for Ireland,-explains the defects of the act and the facility of evading it; and " the result of these communications is a decision on the part of the Cabinet not to seek from Parliament a continuance of the act of 1825." Peel himself contends that without the absolute suppression of all liberty of speech, or at least of the power of holding public meetings of anv description, it was no easy matter to fiame enactments which should preclude evasion, while their proposal would have been embarrassing and their adoption problematical. The impediments to their proposal are traced mainly to a divided Cabinet, which was naturally indisposed to entertain measures collateral to the main quiestion. Yet, if from 1812 to 1829 Cabinets had been formed on the principle of united resistance to concession, as Sir Rlobert Peel amply shows, most of our leading statesmen wouild have been lost to the service of the Crown, and condemned to Opposition. The difficulties in the way of forming sucha Cabinet Sir Robelt urgently insists upon, because, as he conceives, there is a tendency to in- RPlTntP f.bmn In the meantime the repeal of the Corporation and Test Acts, as Sir Robert observes, was not wiithout its inliience on the removal of Roman Catholic disabilities. Accordingly he publishes his correspondence with his former tutor, Lloyd, the Bishop of Oxford, in which they discuss tlle securities to be takenif the tests areremoved. It is cleartobothof them that a sacramental test must be given up. A majority of 44 on Lord John Russell's motion in the House of Commons has pronounced against it, and by way of deduction from his Lordship's party pretensions on this ground it should be added, on the testimolny of Bishop Lloyd, that " a very large majority of the Church and the University were agai?i' a sacramental test," that mnany of the stanchest Churchmen,:Lsuch as Sir Thomas Acland and Lord Sandon, were comprised in the majority -which supported the motion, and that some of the most infiuential bishops inclined to a permanent settlement of the question. The discussion of the concditions of settlement was an unconscious preparation for the cliscussion of Catholic emancipation, with its cognate securities. Though Peel does not indicate this with sufficient clearness, he does not omit a remark, at the expense of L.ord Eldon, which is also capable of prospective application " In speaking in the House of Lords Lord Eldon observ-ed, ' that he had voted against such a bill before some rt their Lordships now supporting it were born; and he m-night s.ay the same of some of the right rev. prelates who were so strangely showiag their attachment t the Church. The last time the question was agitated in toeHouse of Commons was in 1790, when there was a majority of 187 against it. Nothing had occurred since to make it less mischievous.' '- Bnt I must remark, in vindication of the prelates and in my own vindication, that something had occurred since the period referred to by Lord Eildon which it would not have been wise to exclude from the consideration-namely, that the majority of 187 -which voted againist the bill in the year 1790 had been converted in 1S2S into a majority of 44 in its favour." On the 8th of May, 1828, there was also for the first time in that Parliament (the Parliament of 1826) a majority of the House of Commons in favour of concession to the Catholics. A resolution to this effect, moved by Sir Francis Burdett, was carried by 272 to 266; but the bearing of the vote is not alone to be considered; the relative weight and authority of its supporters, whom Peel enumerates, is also, as he insists, to be duly estimated. The younger and rising members of the House w-ere almost without exception in favour of concession, and conversions were taking place, especially among this class, wvhich suppLed Peel with matter for anxious cogitation. Before the week was over the bill for the clisfranchisement of East Retford had been the means of depriving the Duke of some of his most able colleagues, and Peel intimates that but for the difficoilty which in consequence beset the Duke's Administration he should himself have insisted on retiringv in consequence of the vote on Burdett's motion. Not haling taken a step which it appears that his colleagrLes wlho held similar views had also not thought it necessary to take, he remained to confront the gathering storm in Ireland, and to mect the great issue of the Clare election. The return of O'Connell for Olare took place in the latter end of June, 1828, .and is ver properly regarded by Pcel as tthe turning point in the Cathlolic question. He quotes a similar conclusion as expressed in a letter of Lord Eldon to his daughter, and illustrates large]y from correspondence connected with this ominous event. Vesey Fitzgerald and Gregory furnished him wvith details of the alarming indieations of the influence of the agitators, a(d Lord Anglesey with a statement of his preparations in the event of an outbreak. At the close of the election Vesey Fitzgerald writes to him thus:- ""Ednnis, Juily 5, 1'28 (at night). My dear Peel,-The election, thank God, is over, and I do feel happy in its being termiinated, notwithstanding its result. "I have polled aU the gentry and aU t'hoe 50. freeholders -the gentry to a nian. " Of others I have polled a few tenants of -* only, my own, and not much besides what adhered to me in that uav. - l tine great interests broke dovn, and the desertion has been universal. Such a scene as we have had! Such a tremendous prospect as it opens to us !" Peel was evidently impressed and alarmed oy tlhis commuiication, for he twice repeats its plirases, and from this date apparently the bias of his mind is changed. fe remarks especially on the abnormal state of opinion thus disclosed:- "The Clare election supplied the manifest nroof of an abnormal and unhealtlhy condition of the public mind in Ireland-the manifest proof that the senso of a conmmon grievance and the sympathies of a comn.on .nterest were beginning to loosen the ties which connect different classes of men in friendly relations to each other-to wveaken the force of local and personal attachments, and to unite the hcattered elements of society into a homiogencous and disciplined mass, yielding wvilling obedience to the assumed authority of superior intelligence hostile to the law and to the Government which administered it." The real difficulty at this moment was not the display of violence, but the novel exercise of constitutional franchises, the application of powers recognized and protected by the lawv with the view of rendering the constituation unworkable. This was offensive to puiblic opinion in Great Britain ; but how coldd it be remedied? The House of Commons w-ould nothave altered the franchise. The representatives of many of its largest English constituencies-were, as Peel enumerates, favourable to woncession. There was little hope, s.ys he-arguing, however, rather from the temper of 1826 than of 1828, and forgetting his estimate of public opinion at thuis time-in a renewed appeal to tle constituencies of Great Britain. BBut, even if he has overstated his case in this respect, -who, after the events of the Clare election (and here cornes 'he strong groind of his position), -would have advised a simultaneous appeal to the Irish constituencies in the sumrmrer andl auitumn of the latter year ? There wvas, further a darker app)rehension on the -*art of Sir Robert, hich he thus e.xpresses with his most solemn emphasis: " This is a vezry deheate matter to discuss; hu why have I deferred for 20 years this vindication of my conduct? Why have I consentedt to s.ubmit for that lniw nprind t+ * This word in the MS. is illegible, and was,i amuxed witt a " Query " by Sir Robert Peel.-Etf. every proach which malice, or mistake, or blindness to the real state of affairs could directagainstme, exoept in the hope that the time would come (I cared little wkether I were in the grave or not when it should come) ,Wben delicate matters might safely be discussed and when, without prejudice to the public interests, or offence to private feelings, tllh whole truth might be spoken? "I deliberately affirm that a tinisster of the Crown, responsible at the time of which I am speaking for the pubelic peace and the public welfare, would bave grossly and scandalously neglected his duty if he had failed to consider whether it might not be possible that the fever of political and religious excitement which was quickening the pulse aud fluttenng the bosom of the whole Catholic population-which had inspired the serf of CLire with the resolution and energy of a freeman-which had in the twin. kling of an eye made al} considerations of personal gratitude, ancient family connexion, local preferences, the fear of worldly injury, the hope of worldly advantage, subordinate to the one absorbing sense of religious obligation and public duty; whether, I say, it might not be possible that the contagion of that feverish excitement mnight spread beyond the barriers wvhich, under ordinary circumstances, the habits of military obedience and the strictness of military dis^ipline oppose to all such external influences. " This may appear to some the refined speculation-the seedless misgiving of a civilian, to be repelled as derogatory to the military character, and utterly unworthy of serious regard by all who are practically conversant with the feelings and habits engendered by discipline-by the es,rit de corps-by the sense of honour pervading all ranks of the British army." But he goes on to insist that the testimony of Lord Anglesey (a soldier), in a series of documents which he proceeds to quote, sanctions this misgiving, though, if we turn ourselves to the passage on wlhich he chiefly relies, in a letter from Lord Anglesey of July 20 (p. 158), we find that nobleman disinclined to believe that the Catholic leaders would appeal to arms, and unable even " to irmagine howY they can calculate upon success." Sir Robert forgets, also, the passage in his own memorandum of January 12, 1829 (p. 293), in which he states he "Ihas not the slighltest apprehension of the result of civil commotion," and that he believes " it could be put down at once." But these inconisistencies noted, it must stil be admitted that there was some ground for anxiety even for bolder men, and quite sufficient to confuse his constitutional tim.idity. Some few of the troops in Ireland had giveni proof that they had not entirely resisted the contagion, and Lord Anglesey suggested that their depOts should be removed, and that any further regiments sent over should be " those of Scotland, or, at all events, of men not recriuited in the south of Ireland." This is the extent of Lord Anglesey's precautions and apprehensions which Sir Robert is disposed to exaggerate in his own vindication, but which he probably also exaggerated at the time in a fortunate hotur forthe settlement of a,grave question. In the meantime Lord Lansdowine was about to move that the Lords should concur in the resolution passed by the Commons on the motion of Sir Francis Burdett, but previous to this Sir Robert had a personal comunusication with the Duke of Wellington, in which he intimated his intention of shor'ly retiring from office, while he urged the Duke in general terms not to preclude hiimself from a consideration of the Catholic claims. On Lord Lansclowne's motion, which was rejected, the Duke and Lord Lyndhurst were so guarded in their tone that Lord Lansdowne closed the debate witlh afavourable augury as to their intentions. Accordingly, at the close of the session of 1828, on the 28th of July, the Duke entered into communication with Peel on the entire subject. Simultaneously communications had been going on between Peel and Lord Anglesey, and, in a letter dated the 16th of July, the latter sums up his recommendations by discotuntenancingf coercive meastures and even prosecutions in the courts of law. Ireland is not to be governed in any way without concession, and Peel, though furnislhed with three practical suggestions, applicable under otler circumstances, is at the end of his resources. On the 11th of August he sends his promised letter to the Duke (p. 181), and to which, after a lapse of 20 years, he appeals as a testimony to his sincerity and disinterestedness. WVe regret that it is too long to quote, but it is summarily to this effect:After -anging the various reasons in favour of concession which have had -weight w ith his own mind, he is readly to maintain his deliberate opinion, as usual "at the hazard of any sacrifice," but maintains that his support will be more useful out of oflice than in. Accordingly, in earnest terms he volunteers his retirement. In an accompanying memorandum he discusses ably the three great points, of concession of civil privileges, of the Irish elective franchise, and of the future relation of the Roman Catholic religion to the State, vwhile, as he subsequently says, he left it to the Duke of -Wellington to determine the mode and the period in -which communications on tLese matters shouild be made to their colleagues in of9ice and to the King. With the temporary prospect only of remaining in office Sir Robert continued to receive communications from Ireland. On the 31st of Augu st Lord Anglesey tells him he cannot encourage the hope that Ireland willcontinue tranquil after the meeting of Parliament unless Government decide to grant emancipation. On September ]7 Lord Anglesey is contemplating the possibility of insiurrection. On September 20 he fears he may himself be compelled to bring on a crisis. He quotes descriptions of popuilar mustelings and marchings, in which the participators are described as cavalry and infantry, and he asks for more troops. " 1Every hour," he had said as far back as the 26th of July, " increases the difficuilty of acljustment." In the midst of sinister auguries Peel proceeds, elaborate in inquiry and studious in suggestion, still looking forward to his release from office, on which subject the Duke's anticipations are less decided, if -we may judge from his letter on page 272, wherein he speaks of it as a " not mipossible case." WVhen Lord Anglesey has been recalled, for the reasons whichl were subsequently discussed in the House of Lords, we come to the most interesting portion of the entire statement, to the effect (to use Sir Robert's wvords) that, after all, " the chief difficulty was w ith the Xing" On this point we have what is truly a revelation. In the first place, the King's statement, which has reached us through the Lifc of Lord lildon, to the effect that Canning engaged that he should never be troubled on the Roman Catholic questios, is now contradicted:- " There must, no doubt, have been some misapprehension on the King's mind as to the engagement or intentions of r. Canning with regard to the Catholic question. I feel veryconfident that Ar. Canning would not have accepted office, having entered into any engagement or given any assurances wlhich would have the effect of placing his Government and himself in that relation to George IV. with respect to the Catholic question in which preceding Ministers had stood to George 111. "<There was, however, a general belief that when the King appointed 31r. Canning to be his Chief Minister His Majesty had personallv given assurances to thz Archbishop of Canterbury anid other of the bishops that his own opinions on the Catholic question were the same wvith those of his father, and that it was his determination to resist to the uttermost the repeal of the disabling laws. " In all the communications which I lad with His Majesty on this subject his determination to maintain these laws was most strongly expressed. " In a letter which I received from His Majesty, in 1824, he thus expresses himself:- " ' THE KrcG TO Mr. PEEL. (Extract.) "' Nov. 19, 1S24. "'The sentiments of the King upon Catholic Emancipation are those of his revered and excellent father; from these sentiments the King never can and never will deviate."1 All subsequent declarations of opinion on the part of the King were to the same effect, and therefore the Duke of Wellington had a preliminar-y interview with certain of the bishops, that by procuring their consent to an adjustment of the question the obsta- eles on the part of Hijs Majesty might be removed. The bishops were naturally indisposed to concession, and the Duke's difficulties appeared insuperable ,1 could not butperceive (says Sir Rlobert), in the coiirse of my constant intercourse with him, thattle Duke of Wellingtonbegantodespairofsuccess. Ithadbeenbisconstantdesire to consult my wishes as to * the retirement from office, and to avail himself of the offer of my zealous and cordial co-ope- ration in a private capacity. Hewell knew that there would be nothing in the resignation of office half so painiful to my feelings as the separation from him at a period of serious difficulty. From the moment of Ilis appointment to the chief place in the Government not a day had passed without the moit unr.resrved communication personaaly or in iting-not a point had alisen on w hich (is my corre- spondencewihtheDuke w ll amply testify) there had not been the most complete and cordial conurrence of opinion." If the Duke should fail, Peel declarestbat he had the strongest reasons for the conviction that Lord Grey could not have succeeded, and thus he determined to stand by the former. He had, he says, proposed his retirement more from a belief that by the sacrifice of office his co-operation with the Dtuke wvould be more effectual than. from any other consideration. He does not state how this conviction was changed, except by his desire not to separate f iom a friend in distress; but by the subordination of a conviction to a sentiment, or to the simple statement of the opposite conviction of the Duke, January 17, 1829, the following was, at all events, the resuilt 'CBBe g convinced that the Catholic question must be settIed, and without delay-being resolved that no act of mine should obstrict or retard its elerlnmst-mnnpyessed wit}h
MO2EY-VA RKETandc CITYTnTELLIGBX CB. Saturday Evening. The English funds opened with great steadiness this morning at the improved quotations of yesterday, and subsequently experienced little variation, although the tendency was rather less favourable. Consols for uoneywere iirst quoted 93f, and they left off1' at 93 to j for money, and 94 for the 4th of .June. The Bank return caused some disappointment, as instead of a diminution an increase in the bullion had been anticipated. The total of gold taken there this week has also been below the amount expected. Bank Stock left off at 211 to 213; Reduced, 92' to i; New Three per Cents., 92s to 93; Anmnities, 30 years, 17 1-1B; India Stock, 22S to 230; India-bonds, lOs. to 5s. discount; and Exchequer-bonds, 981- to ,. WVith regard to Exchequer-bills there are not many pressing on the market, but while the existing demand for money prevails the dealers are not disposed to buy. A further decline, therefore, has talen place, the final quotations being (Mvfarch) 6s. to 2s. discount, (June) 10s. to 5s. discount. There was a further considerable rise in Buenos Ayres stock to-day, but the extreme point -was not fully supported. For the accotunt the transactions were at 75, 78, and 73, and the final quotation was 7j3 to 78. Thisis lOper cent, higher than they closed yesterday. Turkish and other descriptions were rather heavy at the termination of business. Turkish Six per Cents. were purchased at 99'and 98; for the account; Brazili (small), 90 ; Mexican, for the account, 239 and i; Portuguese Fdour per Cents., 50k; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 951; Sardinian Five per Cents., for account, 93}l; Spanish Three per Cents., 454 and 45; the New Deferred, for the account, 25; Belgian Fourand-a-IIalf per Cents., 95; and Dutch Four per Cents., certificates, 94g-. The closing prices of the Fren;ch Three per Cen ts, on the Paris Bo0urse this evening wera 75f. 40c. for money,' and 75f. GOc. for the end of the month, showing an advance of a quarter per cent. with a preponderance of money purchases. At Amsterdam alsothe stock-market has experienced a slight improvement. The Lord Mayor has been in commanication -with some of tlle principal public companies and the representatives of the mercantile and manufacturing interests, and there is every reason to believe that a general holyday will be arranged for the 29th inst., so far as it is possible to effect that object vithout the aid of the Government. It is also hoped and believed that there will be no suspension of wages. At the same time a strong feeling is caused by the fact that while a strict holyday was observed when the public were to humiliate themselves for the mismanagement of their armies, the Government, in order to avoid the trouble of remedying a notorious defect in the act of Parliament relating to public holydays, refuse to show equal regard to the celebration of peace. Although the report that intelligence has been received from Buenos Ayres of a new proposal fiom the Government for the settlemuent of the foreign debt continues to exercise a most important influence on the price of Buenos Ayres stock, the Committee of Bondholders have made no definite announcement on the subject. The proposal is alleged, however, to be as follows :-For dividends on the principal, the amount of which is 977,0001., the Government offer to continue their present scale of remittance-namely, 24,000I. throughmut the year IS56, to be increased to 36,0001. in 1857, to 48,0001. in 1858, and to its full rate in 1859, which will require about 60,0001. In 1860 and thenceforward an additional sum of 12,0001. is to be furnished for a sinking fund. For the arTears of dividend,wlvich amounted inFebruary last to 1,538,77vl., deferred bonds are to be issued to be provided for out of various public lands; and after 1860, 00,000 . per annum is to be applied annually to pay off these bonds. A statement has justbeenpublished of the amount of stamp duties paid during the past year by each of the fire insurance companies of the *united kingdom. From this document it appears that the sums paid by the London offices, which amount in the aggregate to 860,3S61., stand as follows when placed in the order of their respective totals - DUTy r-nm r ni Loxnoz Firx LsisLcuce OEiCES DURING A return is also given ot the stuns insuired at each office on farming stock exempt fiom duty. Under this head the totals insured at the London offices are as follows, the aggregate amount of property protected being 37,951,8281. - VY1JUE or FAXGMZG STOCK (EXE3rPT FROM DU) LrSUxED BYF LT,o%-nn OYFTxI A disgraceful imposition in connexion witli shipments of brandy to the colonies and elsewhere is stated to be largely practised. The system is to buy up empty brandy casks bearing the brands of the most noted Cognac houses, and send them to Ramibiu'g, Antwerp, and other places, to be filled with inferior spirit and reshipped to this country in transit, whence they are transshipped on board vessels bound to Australia, the Cape of G~ood REope, &c., where the brands of these Cognac houses ale in good estimation. It therefore behoves merchants trading with the various colonies to be careful to get their supplies fiom respectable sources, and to cauition their correspondents against the receipt of any consignments on which they may be unable to place absolute reliance. An interesting paper on the Manufacture of Banknotes was recently read by MVIr. Bradbury at the Royal InstitLtion. Its object was to enforce the necessity of enmploving the highest resources of the engravers' art. According to MIr. Bradbuiry, every means have been taken to bring banknote paper to perfection, as shown in the notes of the Bank of Engvland and in the specimens produced by l'r. Saunders, of Dartford, but similar attention has not been paid to banknote engraving, although excellence in both is essential to a complete result. The general correctness of his theory will probably be admitted, except in so far as it may involve elaboration of design, the experience of those most largely connected with the management of paper issues tending to show that clearness and extreme simplicity are the parunount objects to be attained. The railway meetings of the week have not been numerous. The shareholders of theI etropolitan Company have adopted the report, but urge at the same time the necessity of strict economy. The accounts of the Grand Central of France have been received as satisfactory, and the directors are authorized to conclude the provisional arrangements for branch lines and to make treaties with other conipanies. At the meeting of the Aberdeen Railway the bill for effecting an amalgamation with the Scottish Midland Company -was approved. The members of the Railway Reform Association have resolved that,forthe protection of the original stock, it will be necessary to oppose the provisions of the Eastern Counties Railway bill for raising additional capital. The gold arrivals of the present -week have amounted to about 600,0001. The expolts are not supposed to have exceeded half that sum. TIhe annexed information with regard to the general progress of mining adventure is condensed from the Mining7 Joi7'nial.- "Amore extensivebusiness las been transactedin shares, bat prices have not materiall recovered. At Phcenix meeting a dividend of 371. pershare was declared. AtNtorth Roslear meeting the accornts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 33L. At Serth Baller meeting the accounts showved abalance in favour of the mine of 567; a call of lOs. per sbare was made. AtGernick meeting the accounts showed a balance against the miineof 42o ;acallof 51. per share was made. At West Sharp Tor meetirg the accounts showeed a balance in favour of the mine of 1881.; a call of 51. per share was made. At the Carvanall meeting the accounts showed a balance to next ac- coUnt of 3Pih; a ca of 3s. per shar9 waM mde. 4 At Irembroke and East Orinnis meeting the acotmts showed a balance in favour of -adventurers of 1231.; I call of Is per share was made. At East Garras meeting the: accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 20t, ; a. call of Is. per share was made. At West Ding Doug meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the nnne of 195. AtWheal Langford meeting the accounts shoved a. balance in favour ofthe mine of 60L.; a call of 2s. 61. pershare was made. At North Phlenix meeting a caU oE 4s. per share was made. At Boconnoc Iron -ines raeeting v call of 2s. 6d. per share was made." With regara to foreign mining adventure thl following is the only extract worthy of notice - " The St. John del Rey Company have advices to ?larchs 3L The produce for February had been 25,601 oitavas, a a cost of 7,0911., leaving a profit of 292321. onthemonth's worling; the pro duce of 21 days, in March, was 17,470G oitavas. The Mexican and South American Smelting Com. pany have been advised of the arrival at Swansea of th, Isabella, chartered by the company, with 70 cwt. of copper and 300 tons of copper regulur, from the company's works at lIerradura, in Chili The Imperial Brazilian hlming Association have received advices to the 31st of alareb. The Februarv advices -were forvarded from Rio by the French ship Le Cadez, and have not yet come to hand. The accounts are more favourable; in three days4lb. Ooz. Il dwt. of gold were extracted. Joinville's adit has not progressed so fast aswas hoped, hard ground having been intersected, still 9 fathoms 4ft. have been driven during March. The produce of gold for the twio months was 151b. 2oz. G6dt. Operationshaveheenverymateriallyretsrdedbytheunully heavy rains. The Enghsh and Australian Copper Company have received100 tons of coper by the Irene and Arid. from Adelaide. The Ariel fad also 265 cakes of copper consigned to the South Australian liming Association, and S9 'oags of lead ore on board. The A\ustralian Pllining Com.- Fany are in receipt of advices dated Febrnary 13. Their agent wras in possession of the Charlton Mtine, and operations were commenced;* the ground a soft clay slate, and the. work let at oOs. per fathom. The companuy have just rcceived nearly 100 tons of ore from 1bnghillo."
IRELAND. (rRO.I aim. O-WN co1rFsoxN1DFrA i)U.M A, SATUEDAY M0O1Mx1. THE TIPPERARY BANK. After nearly a whole wveek's forensic display, the case of the English shareholders, so far as speaking is im question, has been brought to a ternination. This consunnnation wvas effiected yesterday, and the Master has intimated his intention to give a written decision on the first day of Trinity term (Tliurnday next). THE RAInWAY FORGERIE. MIr. J. 3r. Knighting was brought up to t'he head police-office yesterday for the purpose of having the informations which were taken on a previous day read over to him. This having been done, the prisoner was fully committed to take his trial on the eight charges of forgery which have been preferred against him. GOVEREN-AMNT PatONAGE. The office of Ciown Solicitor for the North-west. Circuit, vacant by the death of Sir Edlward Tierney, Baronet, comes under the recent rule for the breaking up of large monopolies. Three new places are to be made out of one, the six counties comprising the circuit to be divided into equal districts, each to have its own Crown official. TH IRISH POOP. EMovAlOVA ILL. Lord Clermont has addressed a letter in reference to rlx. Bomverie's bill to the chairman of the Dnndalk Poor Law Union. His Lordship expresses his surprise that the contemplated measure should meet. with opposition from any board of guardians in Ireland, but above all from one representing a seaport oppositeLiverpool, and, therefore, pectdiarlv aggrieved by the present system of passing paupers from lEngland- " For my owno part (he continues), recollecting how often I have felt almost indignant when a poor person just LaLnded from the steamer has come beFore the board, telling us that he had been sent awayfrom the town inEngland vwhere he had workedifor,perhaps,severalyears(wehavehadcasesofl5and20 years), hishealthbrok-en, a strangerto ourtown, penmiless, and still far from his native place, to which we had no power to forward him, but were obliged to admit hin to the workhouse as a charge upon a unon on which he had DO claim and no desire to quarter himself, I felt considerable satisfaction on reading the bilL It is evident, I think, that it nffords much protection to the Irish pauper against hasty removal, requ.iring as it does 30 days' notice to ihe Irish union on 'w ch he has a claim, and entailing on the iEunghn parish the exente of sending not the pauper only, bnt en officer along with him to the verywrorkhouse in Ireland where he is to be received-thus putt.ingT an end at. once to the grievance which we feelat Dandalk, *henforced. to keep paupers in the workhouse who ought to be, if notin England, probably in Cavan or ermanagh, brut most certainly not at Dnnda1k-placing the Irish and Scotch inEngland more nearly on the footing of the English pauper whois to be passed from Liverpool or Manchester to his parish in loendon or Bristol; no longer turning him adrift 50 or 100 miles from home. I have read carefully the iBelfast. petitionagainst the bill, and although I fully agree in thmkiang that the measure does not go far enough, partien larlyas to the period of irremovability which I should gladly see reduced to one year, yet I think the petitioners. seem to forget that the evils which they charge upon the bill already, for the most part, exist under the present system, while every change that the bill proposes is in favour of the Irnsh and Scotch pauper and ratopayer, and (except on the great principle of honesty and justice being in the end the best policy) may be said to be unfavourable to the English. ratepayer. So strongly is this felt that an opposition, which, I sincerely hope may be frnitless, has been got up against it by English membors ! E DISARMABENT. The Irish militia grievance is thlus -very properly disposed of by the Leinster Ez.prcss "It was never intended that the militia should be a force which, touseavulgarism,onemight 'makealiving-by.' IE the propert-y qualification of subaiterns, as a necessity, was abolished, it wlas certainly supposcd that the lords-lientenant of the ecouties wonld use ai discretion in conferring comnisions on those who had at tbeir disposal other meansbesidestheir pay. In England this discretion was; properly exercised, and we believe 1001. per annum -was the mininnum qualification which the lords-licutenant and. colonels required at the hands of any candidate for a subaltern's commnission. We shall make no minute allusion to the course pursued in Ireland in conferring commissions. Suffice it to say that no such custom as this was observed; and if gentlemen who entered the militia without the price of their uniform now find themselves turned adrift without the price of it, the fault lies exclesively between themselves and those who; appointed them. Above all things, it is ridiculous to endeavour to throw the blame on the Govermnent; and the Treasury is not now quita so plethoric that it can afford to pay largely for such imprudence." TEIE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 92A 5; ditto, for account, 9th oE June, 92@ j- 93; lNew Three per Cent. Stoclk ir22 i'; ditto, for accounrt, 9th of June, 93; Bank Stock, '224 -Granm Canal Company, 3Si; Mining Company of Ireland, 13B.. PEailways.-Cork, Blackrock, and Passage, 13; Dablin anc Belfast Junction, for account, atk; Dublin and Drogheda; newr shares, thirds, 21.', Dnblin and Kingeto"wn, 15'; Dublin andWicklowv,o 5~; Great Southern and Western, ol,t l,,; ditto, four per cent. pref., 104-; Kvillarney Juncs thon, ff. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
A.NCmLxT RELIcs.-In the course of the excava; tions which are being carried on in the grounds of Wool. *wichArsenal, some interesting remains of past centurieshava from time to time been found. On Friday. Mr. Watts, director of the works of :Messrs. Lucas, Brothers, in superz intending the digging a drain for the supply of water from a newly scnk artesian well to the adjacent paper factor_, perceived about 12 feet from the surface, and embedded in a solid stratum of reddish sand, a substance foreign to the soil, and which, on further examination, he discovered to be portions of a lead coffin, enclosing the skull and sumdry arm and leg joints and sockets of a human body. Among these were likewise met with a good-sized portion of a. earthen jar, bearing the appearance of being the genuine manufacture of the fifth century. About two feet above the coffln were found, as though buried at the same time, tha jaw and various other bones of an animal, supposed to be those of a horse. From these circumstances;, it is conjectured that these reliEcs belong to a very distant era, and may probably be those of same ancient warrior and hihorse. Unfortunately for those who would wish to search for antiquarian dates, no coin nor inscription has been me-t with, so as to elucidate the mystery attached to this discap* very. A short time ago, on sinldng to some depth in anotheit portion of the grounds, for, the purpose of erecting a steam hammer, three perfectly preserved vases were dug out,' one of which was unfortunately broen by the convictf labourers there employed, in hopes of discovering coins; the other twro wvere placed in the flitsalyMusen at WQ94 wieb, gnd axe in a iexfeot state of presecnt9^i
RAILWAY AND MINI2G SHABES. Saturday Evening. The railway-market was less firm to-day, sales laying inc:eased towards the close. The reaction on the average wvas equal to about 10s. per share. Trench and Indian wrere well supported, but Belg,ian showred some little heaviness. A ustralian land and 1bankrlt. shares presented scarcely any alteration. hIiscellaneous securities were *not much dealt in, but quotations in particular instances were rather better. Bank of Egypt left off par to pm.; Ottoman Bank, I to i pm. ; Western of London, 5 to 4 disconmt; London and Paris, 3S to 2% discount; Alliance, 2to 1 discount; Xatioaal Disco-nt Company, W to 1 discount; Riga Railway, 11 to Apm.; and Lombardo Venetian, 6 to I pm.
CitySTAL PALACE.-FIVE SHBIL G DAY, Saturday, MWaa 17.-Admissions on payment, 357; ditto, by season tick-ets, 1,333; total visitors, 1,740. [Advertisement.J-Testimonial of Respect.-On Thursday last a deputation from the parishioners of Cheshunt accompanied the churchwardens to present the Rev. Arthur Brovn (curate to the much-esteemed vicar, the Rev. AL DIL Preston) wnith a purse, containing 141 sovereigns, as a testimony of their reset and as a smaU token of their regard for the zealous labours of the rev. gentleman, both among the congregation and in the parish generaUy, during his residearo amnong them. tiAdvertisement.]-AIbert Smdith's "WMarchioness of BrinBraillier, and no vlther ceslenbrate'd tceriminales of the past stand forth in c-halice" of the poet was n°o fantasgtiuc dreapm; iagnd hitther shpowsothat such crimes have heen at certain periods of common occurreace. In the " archlonesa of Brinvilliers" Albert Smith has handled a delcate subject v,ith a master hand, and the result is a most extraordinary and interesting book, for whicha nprleldsl is iinevitable. . Is. Gd., or free by post for 22 stamps. LondoGeorge IRoutledge and Co., Farringdon-street. [Advertisement.]-`Mermoirs of the Court of the Re. gency," by theDuke of Buckingham and Chandos, K.G.; 2vols., just iublithed. "These volumes cover acomplete epoch-the periodof the Regency. They open vith shabby deceit in high places, with false bislietins of the King's health, with miserable intrigues and meanness. They extemii, nevertheless, over a period of large and stirring EngHish history. To the Dluke of Buckingham, who thus, out of his family archives, placesavithin our reach authentic and exceedingly minute pictures of the governors of England in our grandfathers' days, we owe grateful acknowledgmient. Ills pa ers abound in fresh lights on old topics aud in newv illustrations anx anecdotes. The intrinsic value of the letters is enhanced by the judicious setting of the explanatory comment that accom anies theni, which is put together with much care and honesty."-xaminer. HIurst and Blackett, publishes, Great Karlborough-strect. (Advertisement.]-" Life of a Sailor," by Captain Chamier, R.N. New and cheap edition, price 2s. ; free by post, 26 stamps. The courageous exploits and darng adventures, as performed by our British seamen and related by Captain Chamier, have rendered his sea novel. deservedly famous-considered by many to equal, if not surpass. iMarryat's. Just ready, by the same author, "Ben Brace; or the Last of Nelson's Agamemnons," price 2s. ; post free, 26 stamps. Full of interesting particulars respecting Lord Nolson, relating many incidents in his Iife unrecorded in history. Just ready, "The Widow Barnabyr" by bSrs. TroUope, price 2s. A1lso J. Morier's celebrated Persian tale, `Hajji Bala in En;land," price 1s. 6d. Ward and Lock, 153, ]leet-street. [Advertisement.]-Xotice to the Trade.-Tbe trial of William Palmer is exciting more interest than any event that has occurrd fr mnyyars an tomee th wihesof the people a fell accuntr oftheproeeadBingas is ntowpublishing in ld. numbera (I to 4 now ready, each containing16 pages), to be completed in about nine numbers. To be had of every bookseller and posiodicat dealer in the kingdom. Also,cmplete edition, priceIs. A liberaallowance will be maedkeon large numbers being toen, Londou, nrHeny Lea, 22, War-
STATE OF TRADE. MANCHESTER, MLAY 17. The business has been of a very limited character this morning, but prices are without change. Warehouses and all places of business have been either whoUy closed, or only open for a few hours per day, since Tuesday, and the whole industrial population of these districts have been giving themselves up to holyday niaking and pleasure seeking to an extent almost beyond precedent. The consequence is that we have not had enough doing fairly to test the market, and all that can be said is that, as on Tuesday, yarns and cloths are difficult of sale without some concession in price. As observed by Mr. G. F. Mandley, in his overland circular of this day:- "' The great impediment at this moment is the disproportionate rates of cotton, which range nearly ld. per lb. hi-her than at this time last year, and that, too, notwithstaning the suppl, appears likely tobe greater than at any former period. The advanced values of textile fabrics, necessarily enforced by the enhanced cost of the raw material, it is believed wvil limit consumption, and hence it is anticipated that some decline in cotton must precede a vigorous demand for our manufactures. The present time is the season when the great annual holydays of the industrial classes of Lancashire are held, and our mills and print-works have rest. The suspension of production which at this time takes place is notwatheutits influence in imparting tone to the demands of manufacturers; and, as it is know n that large transactions are held in abeyance until it be ascertained how the future course of prices is likely to rule, it is not very likely there will be any material retrogression in the values of yarns or textile fabrics, unless there be a larger decline in the rates of cotton than present appearances seem to indicate." BIRMINGHAM, MAY 17. Although there has been no marked improvement upon the state of the iron trade as reported last week, the works in South Staffordshire continue to be generally well employed, and, except among second,or third-rate makers, no inclination is manlifested to reduce the prices vhich have been current during the present quarter. The orders received in the course of the week have not been extensive, but this snay partlv be accounted for by the fact that at the close of the quarterly mieetings merchants' demands were extremely numerous, and are likely to employ the leadin" establishments of the district for many weels to come. It can scarcely be expected that orders for iron should, in any state of the market be so numerous at the middle as at the conmnencement of a quarter; but there is every reason to believe that next Anmerican advices (which of late have been comparatively barren of orders) will add considerably to the present demand for manufactured iron for that country. The "marked" houses of South Staffordshire are at the present time engaged upon extensive contracts, and experience no difficulty in maintainiing their price; it is only the producers of second-class or disreputable makes that exhibit any disposition to sell under the rates fixed in January. It is questionable, indeed, 'whether, with the present price of pigs and all descriptions of materials, underselling can be carried on to any great extent without considerable, if not ruinous, loss to those by u-hom it ispractised. We%c stated some few weeks ago that LordWard was extending hiis iron-works in East Worcestershire, and ve are now informed that his new forges and mills at the Round Oak, near Brierley-hill, are rapidly progressing and attract the attention of numerous visitors, whospeak lighly of their design and constrnetion. It is stated that they far exceed, as it regards their mechanism, anything of the kind in the district. 'rhe various castings on the ground aro exquisitely wirought, and wnere got up at his Lordship's furnaces at the Coneygre, under the inspection of his agent. A portion of the works may be started before the close of theyear, but, in consequence of their muagnitude, a long time wvill be required to effect their entire completion. Best pigs continue to maintain their price, although a slight decline is represented to have been experienced in some descriptions of Shropshire make. Mine is more plentiful, and the Nortlh Staffordshire houses are raising a greater quantity than they have ever produced before. The Froghall is also now very extensively brought intO these dist,ricts and is very highly spoken of by seine makers of tough pigs. VWhite stone and gabbin are in good request, and fully maintain the rates which have prevailed for the last few montl:s. There is no material alteration in the coal-market. Home production increases, while stiU greater quantities are being introduced into the iron districts from distant parts of the country. It is remarkable that, notwvithstanding this immense accession of produce, combined with the advance of sunmmer, prices have not given way to a greater extent than they have up to the present time. Some proprietors have reduced prices fr>m sins. to 2s. per ton, and a further fall is spoken; of; but this appears trifling compared wvith t;e quantity produced and the comparative ease with w hich it is obtained. To the iron trade another reduction wvould be a great boon, and might possibly lead to a fall, mnore particularly in the price of pigs. During the last w-eek the colliers and forgemen have not been doin" much work. Whitsun festivities have chiefly nttractea their attention, and the nmanner in which they hiave surFrendered themselves to pleasure from home and at home shov-s pretty clearly that they anre not alto.gether without the means of es'joying the good things of the wvorld. The iron-foundries of the neighbourhood are generally doing a fair stroke of business. Comparatively few of the operatives are short of work, and the new contracts wvhich are liklely to comiie into the district, coasbined with those extensive works which have recently been put in hand, promise more than average employment for some time to come. A u-eel ago we noticed the advertisements which had just been issued by railwvay companies for tenders for extensive supplies of iron, rails, and general hardware and foundrywork. Noticestothe sanse effeethhaveappearedin the distriet within the last few days. Iron piping for drainage and other purposes connectedvwith public undertakings in various parts of the' kingdom is required in large quantities. Waterworks and gas companies offer themselves as customers to the manufacturers of the neighbourhood, while, at the same time, iron piping for steam-engines aud shipbuilding purposes is in good demand. The copper businesses of the town and neighbourhood has undergone little change within the week. The large tubing estnblshments, produtcing hest patented articles, are pretty well off; w-Ihile the demand for sheathing at the areat wrorks near Smethevick is 'said to be unabated. «'rassfounding, generally, is not very brisk; but orders, if not abund.gnt, are steady, and indicate a sound and healthy state of trade. One or more of our first-rate brass foundry establishments, it is admitted, are not so full orders as they were two years ago. The war did great injary to an immense trade wlich they previously carried on in the northern states of Europe; but peace being now restored, they anticipaterenew ed prosperity. The manufac'turers oftin wvarescontinue busy, and the nmake of heavy steel toys, which has been unusually small during the winter months, is said to be considerably on the increase. This is attributed in a great degree to better orders recently received from Australia an.d also from the North American colonies. For edged tools tme demand for the same markets is good, and little slackness is yet felt from the non-continuance of Government orders. In some establishments the greatest activity prevails. The light and fancy manufactures of the tow n are, howuviea, comparatively dull. Most of our jewvellers complain of a paucity of orders, and represent the state of the London market as not very encouraging. In all probability, during the summser buyers will arrive from the continent in greater numbers than last year;* and already it is stated that considerable orders have been received by our merchants largely engaged in the Mediterranean trade. Large quantities of lamps, chandeliers, &c., are exported to the ports of that sea. The lamp manufacture at present is dull; but although therehas been no important change in the various trades of Birmingham, so far as orders are concerned, since our last report, the occurrence of the 'Whitsun holydays has in many establishments, whether busy or slack, impeded the operations of our manufacturers. This week has been, to a considerable extent, a week of pleasure-taking, and the result no little inconvenience to several of our otherwise best-employed workshops. The railway companies have mnostbenefitted bythe holydays, for, althouglh some thousands of the middle andworking classesfrom allparts of the midland counties have visited Birmingham during the present fair, the retail shopkeepers of the town give but a Ditiable account of their receipts. The state of trade at Wolverhampton is represented to be mudsl the same as that of Birmingham. The factors of the towvn are mueh hetter off for orders than they were before Christmas. The lockmakers of the neighbourhood are turning out an average quautity of work, and even the nmilitary lock business has in no material degree given way since thc close of the war. The saddlers' ironmongery of Walsall and the neighbourhood is pretty brisk, and, geneally, it may be said that the workpeople in the various hardware shops of Wilonhall, DarLaston, and Wednosby are upon the whole well employed, although, like the otser parts of the mining and coal district; they have as yet experienced but a limited amount of benefit from the return of peace. At Stourbridge the chain business continues to improve. Tlme information received from CovcAjkry, Kid- I derminster, Redditch, and Bromsgrove, with regaid to the state of trade in those places, varies little from that we gave a fortnight ago. The needle manufacture is active, and the workmen are for the most part doing extremely well. Rival establishments in other parts of the cousitry appear to produce but little elect upon the staple manufacture of Red- ditch. The powver-loom carpet weaving of Kidderminster, I if not absolutely prosperous, is tolerably good; but neither the watch business nor the riband manufacture of Coventry is over-active, while the nail trade of Bromnsgrove and the neighbourhood, as it regards prices, is, as it has been for someyears past, much depressed. Thc Courcil of the Birningham Chamber of Commerce have this uweek directed their attention to the Joint-Stock Companies and the Mercantile Law Amendment Bills, but as the latter relates principally to the legal beariag of commercial law, it was resolved that the council shonldnot take action uponit. The oper.a.tion of the bank-rupt law has also undergone considerable discussion by that body, and with the view of obtaining anthentic information upon the subject. they have addressed a number of questions to solicitors, assignees, merchdants, tradesmen, and others practically acquainted w ith it. They request information as to court fees, checls on official assignees', messengers', accountants', and auctionecrs' charges, andsolicitors' bills- as to the division of estates; as to the punishment of bankrupts for fraud; actual powers of trade assignees; as to commiqsioners and registrars, their attendance at court, and the facilities for transacting business - as to the private arrangement clauses, aC. ; and, in conclusion, the chambar asks the parties to whom these questions are directel whether their experience suggests any improvements in the administration of the bankruptcy laws. It is hoped that this proceeding on the part of the Birmingham Chamber of Commerce may have the effect of inducing similarbodies now established in almost all the principal commercial andmanufacturing towns of the Idngdom to adopt similar inquiries and that, by a joint effort, the monstrous evils to which th creditors of banlrupts' estates are now subject may bh speedily removed by the Legislature. NOTTINGHAM, ML,Y 17. The past wveak has been generally devoted to holyday making. Ndever before was enjoyment more unanimoulsly participated in. This is owing to the judicious selection of wit veek for the local peace rejoigs. All parties wvill now, no doubt, devote themselves to business with fresh zeal. Several large buyers of hosiery have been iii the market sirice Wednesday, and their operations indicate a favourable state of business. Manufacturers, however, are somewhat perplexed with the struggles between buyers to obtain goods at a lower rate and commission agents endeavouriun to obtain full, and even higher, prices for their silk and yarns. Notice has just been given of another rise in yarn, to take place next week. Tace manufacturers also report that a good sprinkling of buyers has visited their warehouses duiing the past week, both from the United States and for the 'home supply. Some large orders have also been received from Germany. This favourable demand extends to allclasses of goods, save the most costly description of fancy laces. The sales of lace machinery which have taken place recently indicate more forcibly than anything else the satisfactory condition of the lace trade, generally speaking. A few days ago two lace machines, making mosquito nets, belonging to the late Mr. Burton, were sold by auction for 9001; and two others, on -with the same kind of work, realized 8101. M1essr. J. and G. Truman's sale, consisting of 27 plain net and fancy lace machines, which will take place next Tuesday, is attracting considerable attention, and no doubt the same proportionate prices wfl1 he obtained. The more interest is excited bocause sales of lacemachi,ss by auction, parbicuiari inklarge numbers, are of very rare occurrence. LICOESTEEI, MTAY 17. The Whitsuntide holydays have this week interfered with business, and at our manufactories there has not been much do have been for some time slack in the manufacture of worsted and woollen articles and other goods of a heavy description for the home trade; and for these goods a very inadequate price is offered, taidng into consideration the high Price of amaterial Female employment has been abundant, an order to complete the shipin orders for the United States. The hosiery trade generaUy, however, is decidedly dull, and in the country districts the same languor characterizes the trade. The wool-market'is without change, being firm at the late advanco. Some of the spinners are yet working short time. There is no alteration to report in the price of yarns. LEEDS, MAY 17. Whitsun week is seldom a time during which trade is very brisk, employers and employed very generally taking advantage of the season for enjoying a holyday and an excursion into the country, and in consequence we have not had much doing. Towards the close of the week there were a few buyers in town inquring after winter goods, but they did not purchase very freely. At the markets to-day the attendance was limited, and there was not mnuch done. Some purchases were made for the fall trade, for which inquiries are chiefly made for a somewhat low class of goods. all transactions, however, are marked with extreme caution. not only in the immediate neighbourhood, but throughout the whole of the clothing district, and some considerable anxiety pervades theminds of manufacturers in consequence of the continued advance in the price of the raw materialan advance for -which there does not seem sufficient cause; for, if we take the imports of colonial and foreign wool into this country for the three months ending March 31, 150, we shall find, according to the Board of Trade returns, an increase of 5,974,9971b. over the corresponding year, or .an average increase of 116 per cent., while the exTorts only show ani increase of 2,400,0001b., or less than 50 per cent. The figures are as follows:- Imports for three months ended the 31st of March- 1855. 1856. Colonial wools 2,717,7071b. ... 7,471,0821b. Foreign: wool ... 2,414,0SO .. 3,635,702 Total ... 5,131.787 ... 11,106,784 giving an increase in the imports of colonial wools of 175 per cent., and of foreign wools of 50 per cent., or an average of 116 per cent. T'he exports for the same period were:- 1855. 1856. Colonial wool ... 3,543,6801b. ... 4,472,2301b. Foreign wool ... 1,527,511 ... 3,002,059 Total ... 5,071,191 ... 7,474,289 giving an increase in colonial wools of about 24 p3er cent., and in foreign wools of about 100 per cent., or an average of less than 50, leaving the excess of imports over exports something like 70 per cent. There is, no doubt, a slight increase in the exports of British wool, but, as will be seen from the following figures, it is not material:- Exports of British wool for the three months ending the 31st of Maoh.- 1a6h 1855. Britislhwoolexported 3,463,798lb. ... 3,818,(6301b. Th alpaca and Lama wools there is a very large increase in imports, and an equally marked decrease in exports. Ihese facts undoubtedly go to prove that the high psice at which wool has ranged for some time is more or less fictitious, and y et that price has been greatly enlhanced at the present sales; and it is stated that certain marks of Cape wool, which in October brought is. 2d., and in February is. 6d., have this week sold for Is. l0d.; while in scoured Sydney the prices have been respectively ls. 9d., 2s. id., and 2s. 4d. This state of things is anomalous, and operates both directly and indirectly in checking both consmuption and production of manufactured goods. There h's been very little doing in the Barnsley, Euddersfield, Bradford, and Halifax markets during the week in consequence of the Whitsuntide holydays, but there ihave been an average number of buyers down making inquiries and purchases. The following is the report of the Halifax mark-et of today :-"%Vool dull sale, rather in favour of the buyer. Wo rsted and yarns as before." BELFAST, MAY 16. Linen.-Our national staple continues very sound and healthy. Prospects of more ample supplies of raw material give renewed conifidence to the trade, and the opening up of wider arenas of sales causes manufacturers to feel very san gine on the subject of exports. Bleachers are busy in and out of doors, the season is remarkably favourable for the finish of goods, and every advantage is being taken of the fine weather. Brown markets were well attended last week. Lurgan had an extensive show of damasks and diapers, that department of the trade having been pushed considerably for some years past in the neighbourhood of Waringstown. The damask trade oocupies a greater number of hands tban was ever before known, and the demand for that style of goods is steadily increasing. By the recent improvements one weaver is able to work table linen whiclh some years ago required two men and a boy to finish. Ballymena had a pretty large meeting of manufacturers and buyers on Saturday last. Sales were brisk at full rates. Coarse webs firm, and the finer range of goods rather higher in value. Supplies of lowpriced linens are at present very bare as compared with the demand, nor can a sullicient number of hands be had to work such fabrics. Yarns very steady at last week's rates. Flax.-The supply of native flax for the past week lias been mueh the some as the- previous one. In Cootehill, BaLlliba^.y, MIonaghan, and Aughnacloy, about 54 tons appeared; in Arm agh, Cookstown , Eathfril an d, an d Tandragee about 49 tons appeared, wnhich sold very briskly at the followsina pnices :-Hand-scutehed, from os. to 7s. Gd.;mill-scutched. from GIs. Gd. to 11s. Gd. per stone of 1&jlb. Cotton.-Dinring the last three weeks several local iluences acted against the trade in Belfast and although production has not been interfered with, the effect was much opposed to that steady course of business which had marked the movements in cotton goods for the previous eight or nine months. This week has opened with more confidence; the market is not largely stocked either in light or heavy fabrics, and the demand for goods of fine and medimni reeds is improved. Coarse goods are not to be had in the quantities required, and the result has been to divert the demand an a great measure from this town to Manchester and Glasgow. Handloom goods constitute nearly the entire range of production inthe north of Ireland. Plowerloom enterprise is in its merest infancy, both as refers to the manufactine of cotton and linen goods. The time, however, is close at hand when our merchants and manufacturers must turn to the steamnengine in the make of plain goods, if theywould continue to compete successfully with the open markets of the world. DUBLIN, MLAY 17. The continuous rain since Sunday morning till Friday has bad a depressing effect on the trade of the city during the week, and business has been accordingly exceedingly dull. The rain, however, has done a vast amount of good. It has fallen in light showers without much intermission; and, though accompanied all through with an easterly or a northerly wind, it has been uniformly soft and genial, and not a drop of it has been lost upon the soil. The p receding cold, harsh, unseasonable weather, more like the beguining than the end of spring or the opening of sunmmer, was very detrimental to those branches of business connected with wearing apparel, which were also affected of course by the continued Aigh prices of articles of consmmption ; and the wet weather that has succeeded is not at all calculated to effect an improvement in this respect. Business in general is accordingly dull, owing to a combination of obvious causes, the principles of which are extreme prices of provisions, severe fiscal burdens, and an unusually late season. At Smithaeld, on Thursday, there was a fair mnarket, and good quality of cattle and pigs brought prices which were an improvement, though a slight one, on those of the preceding market day. The provision-market was heavy, and a sensible decline in priees took place. As regards bacon-an important item in the calculation of a large section of the public-we shall be much surprised if a far snore considerable fall do not take place in its value before long. The arrivals into Liverpool of American bacon within tale past few days have been in- mense. ln one day we observe that arrivals of between 50,0001. and 60,0001. worth have been reported; and, as a very large proportion of this stufffinds its way into the Irish market, the result will, consequently, be lower prices here than prevailed or were expected of late. In sugar a fair share of business has been transacted at firm rates. The stock is large, and in London is nowv up-wards of 0,000 tons over what it was at the corresponding peid last year. Tve Customs' receipts for the week to jThursday inclusive were 19,078!. against 19,6827., last week. The following is an abstraet of duties received at the port of Dublin for the week ended the 10th of May:- Tea, 6,l10!. lls. 3d.; refined sugar, 738!. 19s. Gd.; anscovado sugar, 6,0571. 14s. 4d. ; coffee, 218!. 3s. ; wine, 2,5291. Ilbs ad. ; spirits, 6631.17s. Vd. ; tobacco, 5,694!. Ss. 4d.; timber, 269!. 13s. 10d.; miiscelaneous, 119=. 19s 3d. On the Stock-Exchange there was but a trifliug amount of business transacted during the week. The funds experienced an advance. Shares have scarcely sympathized with the improved tone of the Govermnent securities. They -even the best of them-remain singularly neglected.
[Advertisement.3-Ararvel of Cheapness and Excellence.- 'The IllustratedWebslters Spelling Book" price Is., suiperbly Mlis trated wvith 250 engravings by the first artists; arranged byan eminent English scholar upon the principles of Noah Webster, the grat American authority. " Webster's Spelling" ciriulates in Anerica to the extent of a milon copies per annum, and is universallY acklowledged as theo best. Also just ready, a new edition of " Webster'` English Dictionary for the AM=llon," price Is. Sd. The immense demand for this edition is the best test of its Talue. Webster is now the only reliable authority on the English language. Every Engslishan, however humble his sphere, will be able to purchase the best English Dictionary, Ward and Lock 168 I'leet-street. 1Advortisement.]- jr. Bentley has this day published "he Old Gray Church.", a novel, by the author of "Trevelyan," tory of the OttomoaXn zTuris ,,n 2 TvOIS., So, 28s. 3. M.GIreasot' - Iisa. tory of Richard Cromwvell andi the Restoration; of Charles IL * 2 veols Svo, 28s. 4. Dr. Robinsorbi's Diary of the Crimecan War, from the Departure of the Guardis to the Capture of Sebsatopol *'- Svo, 15a. He " Tise Dulchcss and dsThQc natrdintale," nti.tlt'l "'fltv l\P,OWi aathor on veIn,~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~M
THE COBYZ.TRADE. ; - LIVERPOOL, MEK 17. The returns of saes of B3ritish wheat, as Pser "GQazetter~ for the week- ending the 10th inst. are iltETS67 quarters at 67s, 7d. per quarter~ corresponding week- 1855 98,727 quarters, at TIs. 4d. pr4atr ditto, 1854 57,450 quarters, at 79s. 9d Per quarter. This weekes armetrns tomasupplytheinteio mandsrkets, Ao show the ability of our fannrs o sppl th intrio maket. Afavourable change of windi has brought up a large fleet. of ships from foreign Ports since Tuesday; but, e-xcepting of Indian cor, of which there are 49.-555 quarters from the -United States, the portion of breadistusife withL these aririals in 3meagre. There was a imited attendaneeofmilliers anddea,lers at6Our Corn-Excbange ycaternday. Good qualittes of wheat in moderate domnasad, at sima ilar ires to those obtained on Tuesday; the secondary sorts the turn in favour of buyers Fair sale for superior qualities 01 flour. atfull price.s. indian earn ather eweedadudaslow sle. Whtts declined 2s., yellow and uiaxfed e!arls is, per quarter from the f9tO raieseobtain.ed a% i the week )larley-recee, nd goo gridin (jialit3nlre~quest for Wales. Oats and oatmeal command extremne sates fOr the best sorts. Beans and peas both slow of sale, and prices Irather easier. Linseed cakeo Ss. per ton lower; the hest make of English and American thiin can be had at sf9 Se. per ton. Dlulness affects ourtrade to-elay, and verylittle business Lis been passing. l?OlTINh'GHAar. SiA l?. The weather haa been tolerably mild during the pact week-; a consitderable quantity of rain has fallen, andI there is the appearance of mor Comling. Sfibduld a fue hot timne ensue we shall have an shundallre Of grass and other crops bid fair tohbe unusually prolific. The maket to-day wasfairly supplied with whbeat by, the growers, 'Who submitted very reluctantly to a reduction of Is. Per qUarter on tha secondary sorts ; but fine samples of both red and white could not he bought lower. Oaur quotations for barley are nearly nominal, in Oats and beans no alteration. The present prices of grain and fl0our isalibttiagham are as fellows:.- Wheat, white, old, 78s. to O2s. per 358 stone; new, lbs. to) Sle.; red old, 70s. to 75s. ; new,. 64s. to 7bs. ; barley, f or malting, 4_23. to 47S. per qluarter; for grinding, STe. to 3Os,; Oats, 27Ts, to 32- per 21 stone;hbeaus, Olld,59s. to 54s. Per I3satoue ; new, 41s. to47s ; flour super, ffe. to 5sT. per 20 stone;- fine, 48s, to5Ls LEICESTEB MAr 17. We have had dlue growing wveathlerthis weelq andl there is a very gralfying change in the appearance of vegetatioa genierally. The young 'wheats. which were in mnany instances! leaking thin and hamgagin Colour, have rallied and appear strong and luxurious. Barley lass greatly imProved since our last report, and, with genial wreather, will stil farther progress. We have good accounts respecting, the appearanoe of wvinte r beaus ; oats also are on the whole looking favourable. The grass bulds havre wondlerfolly improved and there is now very little doubt Of a goad Crop. Rteports are variable as to garden vegetation; generallY speaiking2, hOwever, they may be maid to be favourable. The cold wreather has Principally told upon the crops UPOn poor soil; where the farming Ilisa been good andI the landproportionateiy so most of the cops are baoking as wiell as could be desired, which is another instanc that good farming, in cheapest in the end. The price of fat stock- had slightly declinedI this week. At our owvn niarket beef sold languidly at 7s. 6d. tos8s. per stone, while muitton realised 6,d to 7d.pelb At Our corn-mark-et this morning the show of whieat -was rather limited, andl the attendance of growers and factors rather nuimerous. For wheat there wras a tolerable demand, at a reduction of Is. to 2s. per quarter upon the quotations of best week. There was very little barleyv Offering, which sold atteast week's prices. Oats were ha scanty supply, and Is. Per quarter dearer than bast week. Thlere was a poor show of beans, and the trade ruled dull at bast week's cuxrrencies. White wheat, 72s. to 7-is, ; red GSi, to 70s.;: barley, 40si. to 45u. ; oats, a0s. to 3Os. ; beans, 42e, to 52laper quarter. Fine fiour, 5iSstoSSs.; secionds, 50s. to 5ls, ; thirds, 485. per 20 stone. At Mtelton l%owhbraY wheat sold at a reduction of Is. to 2s, per qiuarter upon hast weekt's prices. In barley there was a decline of Ed. Per quarter. Other descriPtionsof grain remained unaltered. Wheat GTs. to 7its. per quarter, At Loughboroughe w.heat was disposed of at the prices of last week. 'Very little inquiry for barley, at late rates Oats and beans miainItained last week's quotations. AtMIlarket HarborOughwheat realizdhefull prices of last week, with a dull demand. In barley there wvas no alteration. Oats and beaus were scarce, andI sold at last week's rates. At ifnuckley the average Prices were :-Ilheat, 6SOs. Tdi ; barley, 4Os.; oats, S0s. ; beaus, 42s. per quarter. DERBY, MlAY 17. The refreshing rains which have fallen during the -week have been of the utmost service to every description of vegctation. WThere the oung9 wvheat was most exposed it was beginning to feel the effects of the blighting winds ; hut, through the open weather of the pas-t few days, it in rapidly recovering, and in meat parts of the county it is looking favourable. The same remarksm will aPply to barley, which, 18 clays9 ago, wras in smany districts 1seking thin. The plant has sines, then wonderfully progressed, and altogether chsanged in appearanca There are, however, stil some PlaceLs where the plant has not yet recovered its healthy tone. Beans give good promaise, ALnd oats on the whole look favomable. The ropfious showers have acted most benefielally upon tire grass crops; there is nowra good yield for the cattle, and mnowing- grass is growing very fast. Theme has this week been no reductioni in the price of fat stock. At Bakewell fair fat sheep sold a-. Td to 71d. per pound(. Calving cows sold well, at high prices. At oar own market the supply of fat beasts wams very large, and through the hligh price asked by the dealers many wvere left unsold. Sheep sold at lastwerk's rates. Lambs wvere rathier out of condition. Beef, SI, to MiL; mutton, Ti. to 5.1 per lb. At WVinster there was a good show of cattle, whirls sold athigh rates. I At our corn-market yesterday there was a fair show of -wheat, ani1 farmuers and mil-lerswters tol'erably numerous in attendance. In when;, there wtas an average retail tmade doin'g, farmers not being able t, realise more thaLn the prices of last wveek., Barley was scarce, arid thi t.-ade rled dIull, tstweekR's quotations being maintaine,d. Beans wer not much iuseiuired for, and there was iso alteration in price There were hut few oats on offer, and, width a ilaited dlemand, las;. week's prices wvere maintained, White whleat, Tie. to 76s. ; red, OS' to 72s. ; melting harley, 44s. to 48s. per imperial measure; grinding bartey, ICs. to -i0s. per 30 stone; old oats, W-s, to Sis.;- new oats, 2 is to Z-Ie.,; old beans, Otis. to LI.; new beaus, 44s. to 4Is. per Si3 stone; F'lour, 5sb. to 2se. ; super flour, L3e, to Lad, per 20 stonle. There lensbeen a dlelightful change in the weather since Our be,t report. We have liedl copious falls of rain with a genia :atmfosphere. Thcchange wrought upon-vegetation is wonderfeL. From the continu mace Of the cold north-east -winrls and frosty nights the weather was I1eginning,to *tell lipon the young cropys, madboth wvheat and barley war, in manydistricts.looking unhea,lthy-. Inthe gardenswall-blossom was suffering,.' and vegetation at almost a stand. The young -wheats are nosy, however-, rapidly recoverinig from what we believe wras only their temporar-y sickliness, and in maany districts the plant appears vigorous and healilriy. The present minld, open weather is also very favourble, for barley, wMerih. is fast recovering its appearance, and gives good pc-. mniss. Oats are looking well, and beans appear to have suffered very little fromi thle cold. The refreshingasbowers and nifld Sempe'raturs of this week, have come very opportusaely,.as therein no dloubt thathad the cold continuedmuch lengersesrious injury to theyouag1 crops would haye been the consequence. Postures have perhaps mere than anyhn else improved. The grass was beginning to wear a blue appeymace. caused by thlecontinuanmceef the blig~hting-east winds. ThereinL. mv, however, a verY gratifying, change, and the fields indicate] a good yield, and plenty of keep for stock. We hardl.y ever remember to have konowrnpotatoes so0 plentiful at this reason at the year as they nowr are. In many carts they have been held beck in order to realize ha,tter Vrices. From the goedness of the crop of teast year, however, hi5bh I rees cannot be obtained. Fat stork is slightly falfing in price. At Newark there was a large supply at market, and very excellent prices wvere obtained. At Peterborough beef realized 7SEd. to Sr. per store-; mnutton wras rather lower than last week andl WMd at Gid. perib. At Itoston the trade rurled languid, end beef was AYL per lb. cheaper. At our own miarket 7s. 6d. to Ss. per stone was obtained for beef ; mutton wras a trifle cheaper than last week, Our Corn-market yesteerday was t-olerably supplied with w-heat, and there WaIs a fair attendance of farmers and factors W%heat was in rather dull demandt, and to effect sales farmers were Obliged to give way 1s. per quarter under the currencies of last week. Towavard the close of the market, hiowever, a better feeling manifested ital" and last week's rateswere in many ibrstauees realicel. Barley was. scarce, andI not mnuch inquired for, the quotations of hatb week being maintained. Beans -were in thin suipply, and sold at laite rates. There was a small show of oats, and thids description of grain realised recent prices. White w.heat, 743. to U1s. ; red, 66s. to lie. ; barley, Si1s. to 46s.; Oats, 23e. to 27s. ; beans, dIt. to 4Ss. per quarter, At N ewark wheat sold at a reduction of is. per quarter upon last week's prices, Barley miaintained previous rates. In oats andhbeans there was no alteration. At BostonL wheat was dull of sal e, and last week's prices were in most instances realized. Barleyn rmanaiued late quiotations. NO alteration in eats and beans. At Lynn whleat was is. Per quarter cheaper than last week. 'Very little barley at markzet. Oats and beans unichanzged in value. At Spaldling there -was a refinetien hr the inferior aSaIdeIs of wheat of Ie. per qiiarter. For th,eshea samples last'week's rates were in miost instances relized. In barley there was a slight reduction. Oats and beans realized last week's rates. At Louth wvheat sold at the quotations of last wreek. BaIrley scarce, andI unchanged in valuie. I-n oats and beans ver little alteration. At SleafordI wheat v.-as in dull demand, and farmers had to submit to at reduction of Is. to 2s. Per quarter upon last week-b rates. In barley there wras no alteration. Oats and beaus main,taiued last Week's Prices. At Mlarket rEaisen there 'was a reduction of Is. per quarter in wheat on last week's prices. Barley maintained the eur.e meleeo of last week. Oats andI beans were unchanged ha value. At Uppingliam tire quotations were--White wheat, T0e. to MI.; red, ES-s. to TO.~ barley, dOe. to 44.,; oats, 2iTs. to Sos. ; beans, dOe. to -I5s. per quarter. DOINCASTER, WAr 17. The reports fromn the country districts this morning are satisfactory. The late favourable change in the weather, brief as it has been, has Produced a' very striking improvemen% in the appearance of the crops. Wheat has shot up s-r rriShigly, and, under the influence of the late showers, h as assumed a veryhealthy colour on all but the poorest soils; even these also look mauch better than they did, the plant having branched out andI prick-ed up well. Considering the immense breadth Of land there in under whbeat thin year, and the satisfactory state of the plant, -we have a Prospect Of one of the most abuindant yieldIs of wheat ever obtained in this country. Of course, the crop mDay have many disadvantages to encounter yet in our proverbilauY fickle clusts ; but it has niow get through one of its meet imPort-ant stages, and there in at least the formdation of a goad crop. When thlere te a failure of the plant, as happens to a greater or less extent everyseason, no subsequent influences, however favourable. cause than usual; the blade almost everyw here coers the ground wel and except on those soils which may have been too much forced b; overcropping, or those which are insufficiently tilled, is assound and healthy a plant as could be seen. Barley has participated largely in the general improvement pof vegetation. It was looldin rather quces in many places before the change, but now in so far recovered that s-c coaldnothearasmingle compLaint about it this morning. The other cereal crops caU for no further remark than that they are thriving as weeU as could be desired. Grass has spromg up rapidly, affording a fine herbage on the pasture lands and a good prospect for the hay harvest on the meadow lands. Serds under stocq which had come to be very bare indeed, are now making headway, for since the wvind has changed those blighting fros-, night airs wvhch have been so prejudicial to the plant have ceased. Potatoes have been retardedt by the frosts, but fortunately there is an abundance of the old crop left. Altogether the farmers' prospects are at thin momrat very satisfactory, andL though the harvest may be rather late, there is reason to hope it asil be prolific. At our market thi mormingwe had aofnU average show of wheat, in eluding many fine samples, while the bhuk of it was of excellent quality and in good condition. There wvas less than the ordinary number of buyers in attendance, and we missed several of those from the wes coumtry. Farmers -were very firm in tone at the commencement. while, on the other hand, both factors and millers were indifferent aboutsupplyinrzthemselvese.xcept at lower rates. This would seecto9 indicate that there are stocks in 'the hands Of the latter. Business throughout the morning vas slow adl heay, andsalesaweremadeby those only who had no option but to aceept the terms offered. These we note at Cd.to Is, per load (Is. 4d. to 2s. Sd. per quarter) lowrer. The trade was, however, comparatively limited; and it is pretty evident a good deal of uncertainty prevails among both buyers and seUlers as to the value of wheat between this and barv-eat. Farmners resolutely adhere sO the belief that the valuo of all good wheats wvil be folly eceat to what it is now for lst abut three months, while buyers declare, if ohs ahk-etsconitinue to beaswellxupplied as theywae now,theTmlni of the article must decline, We showed last week- that the delivrmies of home-grown whbeat have been in excess of the average since last hlarv'est, and unless that excess has been provided oat of the auephass% the abuindant harvest of 1814, or unless the last harvest was unusualls stolid;c the sanls rate Of deliveries of home-grown wheat cannot ho Inalintained up to honrest. The mill1ers are standing aloof on the strength of the last ads-ieee from America, for, althoug,h the, grain that many come from that quarter is sure to be of an infector quality, it is expected to be good enoaght to exercise a depressingin.. 2 Iesenc e On th-le maark-ets or this cfountry, and thus, p,revetorbte wheat fro m eaintaining-its present value. It wihemak,e a meet material difference this year whether the havest be early or late; the bchais are so far in favouir Of the latter, but everYthifng depends upon th6 wieather we maylave inthe inte-albetweenti and uut Th barley trade is niow almost nominal, sad weO havTe nothing to report lies-nd thje quotations Whils w7ill l) fj, ~lll elw.Ternss ni oala and baswere to aL groater extent than for the last two or three lowing aeorquottations to-day:-Wheat, dis. io % 1542 IOAd Of three imperial beshels; fine, 27s. to 10s.; blendeorm, 22.. to 25s.; flaW 283.; rye, l7e, to MSt; new beans, 26s. to l7e.; fine, ifs, to IOs. ; old beans, 191. to 20s. ; gray peas, iOs to lie.; white, 15fs.toiis. ; o&(4 24A- to "'n' per qua-ter; fine, 29,. to 3ts.; grioding barley, Si's. to 40s.; malting barley, 40s, to 41,.. fine, 45s. The following are the corn-in1spectors' offcial averages since this day week :-Wheat, 1,49? quarters, 74,. Id. per quarter (Z5,233)J; barley, 45,. 5d. ; oaNs, 25,. Sda beaue, 43e, lid. Themark-etsein this disieleteontUnne tobewell suppliedtnthgralnfor the seso Of the Year. The demand has been less active than of late, ozly the best qualities have maintained former currencies; and in one or two instanres the quotationas for all descriptions have undergone a reduction. The general tone of the trade is dulL. Barley ha', not sustained say further reduction, but has been rather more in-~ quired for at one or two of the leading markets; but it has not in any, ease imProved in value. Oats andl beans have rather improved, Tinr aced and other cak-es have again declinedl with the imsprovemnent of thle pastures, and are now quoted extremely lowr. The cattle tmase has bees upon the 'whole, rather heavy; and at, must of the markets prices have undergone some redluction, GLOCESTER, MAYr 17. Our arrivals of grain from abroad this week have been 2,122' quarters ofwheat fromliNew Orleaus, 3,300ardebs of beaus from Alexandria, and 8B0 quarters of oats from Hlarlingen, besides 5.700 barrels of oats and 1,100 bsrrels of barley from ireland. Lest month's reecipte of. grain by ship in-to Glocester were as followsc-Wheat, 3,100 quarters; barley, 1,050 qluarters;, oats, 8,79 qusarters ; beans, 8,793 quarters; Indian corn, 2,010 quarters ; tases, 710 quarters ; and meal, 12t tone. The mnarket has not been so firm to-day, the important change of weather (the] beneficial effect of which is already manifest inl theo growing- eropls), and the flatness at Liverpool and Mark-lane, tending to lower the value of English Wheat about Is.per quarter on tact 'atterda'is rateg. English white wheat, 70Os. to 71g. par quarter, and red, MO. to 6Oe, Foreigni, per 45011,. :--ChoicefDanube, GSs. to 70s. ; Brailowe62Mto 653.per 4Slhs. BarleylesfoUllyi.per quarter cheaper.Malting barley, 36s. to 4ts. ; and grinding, I5s. to 37s. ; Irish barley, 3sc. to 34g. per 400 lb. English beans, 42s. to ims. per quarter for new' and 44g. to 48g. fOr old; E gYPtian, l3g. to 3ie, per S 63%1b,.; and French, LOs, to 42. Irish oats rathier cheaper--say, 22,. 6d. to 23F. 6df. for white; 23s. to) 20g. for tawny; and black, 22,. Cd to 23.% per 11211. ; fOreign, Weighing 1911,. to I3Ib., 24s. to 26s. English breakcing Peas, flg. to 53g. Per quarter, and grinders, 42g. to 41g English. linseed cake, £-12 per ten, WORCESTTZ, bare 17. W'ehave bedsa most beneficial change in the weather this week-, and theofears of thefarmer and horticufltur~ist who had begun to prognootiCate de'arth in consseinence of the frost and prolongedbllghting northeast wII-nds have been banished by a succession of mjild shower of rain which have thoroighiy satutrated the earth and caused a wonderful change inthe aspect of nature. In theimeadows which last week were, bare the gress is now rapidly growing, and the fears entertained this day week-of alate andllgbt.bay crop hav,e been removedL Thewuheats have Improved greatly this. Week, barley is fast shiowing itself, and the oats and beams leek strong and healthyv; so that at present rormi prosPecte are hlighlY enromauging. They d6not. hodwever, appear as yet to have causedI farmers to be much less moderate in their demands, and we can quote but a silight decline in the value of wheat t o-day. Baglisle wrlite, Si. to 9s. 3d, and red, Be. 2d. to 8g Gd. per bushiel; mialtingbarley, -Is. 9d.to 5s., anmddistiling, 4,. Cd. to 4s. Sd ; a, -wlfog[6a beans, Ss, U. aied old, Gs. to Os, Gd. per bushel; foreign, Ii. Sd. to Si , English oats, 4s. to 4e. 3d. per 191k; and Irish. 3sa 6d. toD 4s - 'white peas, 5s. GA. to 6s., and gray, Ss. to 5s. 6d. per buselr; sprint vetchee , sb. to Ss. per bushel. Last Worcester averages:-Wheat, £1 is. 4d.; and barley, £1 l7g. Id. per quarter. The neighbouring markets has's generally been ruled by the declinei at Mark-lane. At Wolverlasapton on Thursday wvheat -wee freely cifered at Is. per quaarter decline, at which reduction transactions wvere effected. Barley also gare way Is. per quarter, but beans and oats remain as last quoted. At Hereford wheat fell fullylg.per quarterin. value. White wvheat, 8g.3Sd. to Os Sd. ; and red, Ss. to 5,, GEL per busbel; barley, 4s.ld. tolgs. d; oats, 3s. 3d. to3s, Od.; peas, 4s. 9d. toiig. 3d,; andbeans, Sg. to5si.6d. perGff1h. READING, MAYe 17. The genial showers of the part -week, have hiad a surprWisng effect ont every kind of crop. Where the wheat plant Was looking yellow fronx the previous cold Winds, andI appeared as though almost destroyed. it; has now recovered, and is thriving remarkably well. The grass crops are most Ilo-uriant, and there is every prospect of an unusually large quantity of hay. We do nut recollect the time wvhen the clever wvas so satisfactory. It is thick and heavy, and no doubt can be fairly entertained t-hat in a few montlis the pirice of hay wvill decrease, as the new crop will be larger than known for very many years All the spring-cocan corn, and particularly the beans, progresses most eatilfaceorily. There -was a strong opinion a little time ago that the whoatetoek was got so low fleet our market, until after harvest, could only be supplied on a limited seals;- and while each an opinion received confirmationL for miany weeks- by the reduced supplies it was no wvonder there should base been surprise excited at th e large arrivals this morning, filling thle, stands and affording qulte a choice for our mealmen. The quality, too, of the chiief bulk wras good, the berry was dry end fine, andI thea sorts very utseful. In the first week the great metropdilan mark-et; evinced a changze, and its influence has spread to every other in thekingdom,. It is nut likely that the present leigh Price of whecat can ho much longer maintained, when the flour-market is in such a depressed state and the prices ruling there affor-d no remunerative return tothet miiiler. Thle comnpetition in flour has been so great, and the price; so ruinously lowr that it is not likely tbe milers will mush longer continue if, and thuis it is we now find them making a stondi against the hig-h priDe of whbeat, Thils mrooming the mark et open ed by a n offer of lower term s to the farmers of 3g. end 4s. per quairter, They wvere not at all inclined to, accede to) such a reduction, and business waLs Check-ed until a dispoeltim was shown to accept a redluction less in extent, A fair quantity of wclecetafterward. moved off atcadeclie of Is. tons. per ejuaLrter for the best descriptions and of 2s. to 3s. for the secondary lots. Even at this- alt-eration in price our meahuen Were nut disposed to buy largely., and mianypareels were therefore removed unsold. Tleeprices current to-daylwere--White wheat (best), 76s. to 82s, end Sie,; ditto, sceondlasy sorts, 70s. to 743.; best red wrheat, 74,, toS853.; and inferior, G%s. to 74s. With barley our market is still supplied on a limited scale, and, though to-day wve had several London and Birmingham dlealers anxious to buy, holders were not able to improve their prices. There Was bat ;ittle demesid for mualting, and athe few lotsreadilsold tth ullem ofhastweek, For the distilUieg and grinding sorts there was afair in_ qruiry, and wve mnust report this branch of trade as good as it wnas a week aLgo. Malltingbearley sold at 37s. to I1s., and the other esotranged. firom 34I& to 37s. per quarter. Oats came in abimndamtly, and so little animation Is there in trade, that dealers experience a difficulty in fisiding purchasers, so that tho prices remailn aselast quoted-s-is, Tartary, 17s. to 25s., and Polanud front 25s. to92Cs, per qluarter. Beans of every description -were again large in supply, and goolI dry qualities required for food on land wvere in request, and sold freely - but the prices dlid not vary anything from the hast mark,et. Good old English fetebed -lOs, to 52s.; newr, whirls were greatly in demand, were Is. per quarter dlearer: and the quot'Ations were 42z. to lOG. Egyptias,, wThole, soldI at ISo., and split at 2s,. per quarter. The stands for peas were tolerably welt flled, and the quietness of provinces marketts was obmerable again to-day, though or-e must say there was no difficulty in mintaintCg the late prices. Best descriptions for hogs sold at 42, to 45s., andI the inferior lois at lOs, to 4Ic, per qu,erter. This week- the trade in flour has maintained its former state, The dlemand continues reg-ular,and the pri-eslhare not changed. They are -households 56s., and seconds O2s. per sack of 2801b. It appears from the official return of the Inland Revenue thLAt at this mark-et last Saturday LOS quarters 6 bushels of wheat were sold for;£4,292 Is. 3d., or an average of 71,. 7d., showing an increase in price of lid. per quiarter. The quantity disposed of amounted to 275 qjuarters less, and the money realised net eo much by £910 as at the previous manrket. The trade in barley is shown to be m2ore and more limited, there bring only 238 quarters sold; the sum obtained was, £e4-i3 Is., or an average of 37g. Id., beingsa decline of Sd. per quarter. In the miarkAets in thide couxnty there has been a reduction in price a! the principal sorts of corn, and evidently less firmness. as to 'wheat maintaining its high price mnuch longer. On Monday, at Abingdon. there -was a good supply of wheiat, trade wasi dull, and prices gave way fully 2s. per quarter. On Tuesday, at Faringdonu, flierswas a steady, demnand, anfiprices declined. On the samneday,at Wokinghan, trade is-as dull, anud the rates lower. On Wednesday, at Ba'siagetoke, the supply of whbeat was lilbual, and trade wras slew, wvith a downwarda tendency in price Wheat sold at 62,. to SO- anod barley at 32s. to 42g. On the same day, at Wantage, the wheat trade was lems animated thant last week, endsa reduction in price took place. A8t Hungerforsd, also, on that day, there wvas a modemate quantity of Wheat on offer, thutrade was clew, and prices reduced Is. per qLuarter. At Mlaldenhead,, on that day, there was little wheat, the prices for whic'h fell Is. to-2a. On Thursday, at Newbury, there w%as an. average qluantity of whet-. on offer, and busines couald onaly be done at a declie of Is. per quarten. The prices ruled from 60s. to 81s. for wheat, and front 31g. to 42s. for barley. At Henley-on-Thamnes market, on the same, daLy, The trade in wheat was clew, at lasm money. On Friday, akt Wallingford, there wee a fair supply of wheat, and it -Was dilifeinlt to effect eales unless at a decline of 2s. per quarter. Prices were COS. toSic At High W-ycombe, on the same day, the mark-et for wheat. was dull, at Is. per quarter less. NORWICH, MArU 17. The weather has been warm and genial dluring the w-eek, and voeg- The wrheat trade wras dull here to-day and a reduction of ls to 2Ls per quarter took ldace. The supply of barlcy on offer was exceedingly Emall, and prices remained nominaly unaltered. In other corn littie doing. - . The prices of inferior descriptions are irregular, but the followinr are the generalrates for wheat and barley:-Wheat, white (weighing 621b. to 631b. per imperial bushell. 65s. t3 73A: ditto, red (weighing 801b,. to 8311,.), O;es to lIa.; b^arley. maltm2 (wreighini 5211b. to 63b1 0.to LOs pe qater.3 At the lesti3n w(.eekly suction in the aew mnills in this city flour wrent off at 4Cs to 46a 3d. per sack, Latest averages:c-Wheat, 1,7765 qularters, USe. 3d. (aainirst 2,9151 qvurtere. 'h. 3s6d, corresponding prriedldst yeari ; barley., 108 quarters, 39s lld, (e'gamust 677 quarters, 30a. Id. corresp!onding period last year); boash, 1A quarter-s, 4S3, COLCHEOTII MAr 17.: -The quotations of last wecek have not boeen susta^ined in oor mrarkect to-day. Thebsesincec opened dull, and prices soon gaet- i la. to °s. per qtuarter for whEeat; the raBte for.the finest wvhite did a-so exceed fSOs, end secndary parcels wem as3 low as. L6FA; red was Gis. to 6Os The malttig seaison being nearly over, the p rice, of oven the finest barley is barely sustained; peas are rather dearer. YeseerdzY at Chelaisford the farraers stood out for last wveek's 1prices, which else millers ref used to give, and little business u-as done at flee .^iry, part Of the day; the hiolder-s then gave wVay and ss'ee were effece awt 2g. pder q9uarter 5below taShleraeyas tof last cheve. Whit to 42s.; grinding. SOs to 36a. Peas were Is. dearer. - Our corn-market to-dy wvas generaUly exceedingly dull. The lstd qualities of wvheat met a brisk de>mand, and fullyv supported Tuesday's c.urrencies; h ut other sxamples of wheat and all descriptions of barley a^nd oats wvere very slowr of sale, and prices wsere rather In fas-osr oftho buyer. Indian corn is Gd. to Is.lowver, a nd vcrylittlebusinefldOiie. WVheat, white S31. OdI. So lIe. 00, Oatmeat .. its. KM to 15a Gd. 'Wheat, rSed 12, Gd3. to -40g iL B]akes' foeur RIg. 0 to Si's CK, Barley .. 14a. Sd, to 2^e. Gi Indian corn,, Oats .- . . 1ll 3d. toi1Le.C perl4OlIb. .. 291LS8 toi12s. oa. Returnl of Corn and Oatmueal- Sold aud Delis-ereedat Thelinh Corn- tnrr-5C,,' sr,v,,I
LO1wSDOY, ilMODAY, MIAY 19, 1856. In former times a second Budget in the coiuse of one year excited any but pleasurable feelings. It was generally the consequence of the forgetfulness which had neglected some items of expenditure or the inconsiderateness which had exaggerated some materials of revenue. This evening the V -cUA:CEoL . of the ExcHEQutER will lay before Parliament a second Bndget, founded neither on any over-sanguine estimates of revenue nor any inadequate calculations of expenditure, bul -simply the result of a return to the repose and -ecollomy of peace. The sum originally estimated for the army ser,vices of 1856-7 vwas close upon 35,000,0001. The amonnt of the sium now estimated is barely 21,000,0001. The sum saved to the public, therefore, is 14,000,0001. The items in which the main reductions are effected are as follows, viz.:_ Original Iteduced F-timate. PJsUmate. Embodied Militia ... ... 3,150,000 ... 1,000,010 Army Works Corps ... 403,595 ... 250,010 Wages of Artificers ... 915,301 ... 450,010 Clathing,barackfumiture, provisions, &c. ... ... 9,838,261 ... 4,500,000 SEores for land and sea service .. ... ... 4,371,165 ... 2,500,010 Wbrks, buildings, &c. ... 2,044,069 ... 1,839,069 Miost ot these items sufficiently explain themKeIVs', though the nomenclature may not be awIyw s intelligible. For instance, though we caizUniderstand that the provision made for tikp_ Works' Department of the army during the year 185'T becomes in great measure unnecessary on the withdrawal of the troops from the Crimea, we do not equaUy cormprehend the distinction which separates the "wages of the " artificers" from the general vote for the " Army "cWorSr Corps," and both from " works and " buildings-" Neither do-we quite understand why " clothing, barrack furniture, &c.," should not bh lumped w ith " stores for land and sea ser. "; Nvice; " for we presume that these stores wouti be. incomplete without such things as " clothing, iarrack furniture, and provisions." But all thes( things, doubtless, are-plain enough to those versec in the lore of the Circiunlocution-office; and it is sufficient for those not in the secret to know that, whatever be the meaning of each item, there is 14,000,0001. less to pay for the aggregate than was before estimated. So far this is satisfactory. It reduces pro tantto the whole cost of the war. We are told that, when this has been paid, there vwill be no further outgoings ! for actual warfare, and that our 'whole addi- tional debt of 32,000,0001., which the war has caused, may be liquidated if the taxation imposed for carrying on the war is maintained for three years longer. So far this is satisfactory. It is consoling to find that we can pay for war, as for other luxuri?s, vithout any harassing strain. But there is another topic at which we will now only glance, but which will soon require further, ampler, and more careful discussion. The last three years have taught us that we cannot count on an uninterrupted continuance of peace. They have also taught us that with a peace establishment such as wre had at the beginning of 1854 we cannot enter on a great war without a certain unnecessary loss both of men and money-and, what is even worse, of reputation. True that, if the war only last long enough, we are tolerably sure of regaining much, if not all, of our reputation. We have the lknack of " get"ting into wind" and feeling our way about the second or third campaign, just when other nations are more than half exhausted. But we now begin to find that this is a costly process. It is as well-indeed, it is a good deal better, to lose as few men and as little money or reputation as possible ; and this is a matter worthy of particular consideration just now, when foreigners have taken it into tneir heads that we can neither equip nor our generals organize an ebicient army for foreign service. They are goodnatured enough to say that our officers and our men can fight well enough in the day of battle, but they maintain that they can do little else either before or after. IUnfortunately, there is a degree of truth in their dicthm. Our men and our officers have almost inexhaustible pluck and stamina, but they have had little practice in the habitudes and discipline of war. Our officers, with the exception of those in India, never have an opportunity Of seeing large bodies of men handled in the field, or of learning even theoretically the manifold requirements of the camp; while the common soldiers are necessarily ignorant of the arts, studies, and appliances which continental soldiers regard as their absolute duties in the field as much as fighting itself. All this requires amendment. WVe don't want a "large army." We are not anxious to make England a military nation in the sense that Russia, Prussia, France, and Austria are military nations. But England, with a territory in the East, in the South, and in the North-West altogether much vaster than aUl Europe, cannot dispense with a military force, or forego military organization. If we are to have a small army, let it be a good one. Let it be the fit and worthy, nucleus of one which, when enlarged to the standard of warlike service, shall respond to the exigencies and satisfy the honour of the colntry. Don't let us again begin important expeditions with 10,000 trained soldiers and 30,000 boys fresh from the plough, the brickfield, or the loom. We trust, therefore, that some questions will be put this evening to the PREmiER and the CHANcxLioR of the EXCHEQVER respecting the future disposal and organization of oiur militia, our volunteer force, and our camps at home. We observe that the vote for the militia is reduced by 2,000,0001. sterling. But this, we hope, does not mean that this force is to be hurriedly disembodied, or that any future recruiting is to be made on the spur of an unforeseen necessity from whatever portion of a raw and untrained popullation may happen at the time to be least in the enjoyment of wages or likelihood of employment. When that militia which has so patriotically undertaken garrison duty at M1alta, Gibraltar, and the lonian Islands, and which has swelled the English continental army to 70,000 men, returns from foreign service, we trust that it will be retained in some effective shape, to constitute the germ and centre of such an armament as can vindicate the character of England, not only by its courage and patriotism, but likewise by its training, its efficiency, and aptitude for aU the services of war.
History relates the discontent of the Scots at the Act of Union. To the patriots of that time Scotland seemed to have made a base surrender, and to have passed under a foreign yoke. The independence which the PLANTAGENETS could not conquer, the zeal which had struggled against and overthrown the prelacy of the later SuARTs and their adopted country, had been bartered away by a few traitors in the antechamber of Queen A2NE. Jacobitism revived and the land was disquieted for 40 years. No party dissensions of England, even in those days of plots and impeachmnents, equalled in virulence the hatred between the Unionists and their greatly more numerous opponents, who taunted them with having sold their country, and being ready to sell their church. It was nothing that Scotland, from a state of poverty-stricken isolation, became united to what was even then the richest country in the world. It was nothing that the Glasgow merchant miglit trade with Jamaica and Massachusetts, that Scotch adventurers might fill the factories of the East India Company, or at home contend for all the prizes of the English professions or the English Government service. Scotchmen still held that their 45 members would be powerless in the presence of 500 English adversaries, bent on the destruction of every law, custom, or religious tenet that prevailed north of the Tweed. How baseless this fear was we can now judge. So far from England having used her superior strengpth to crush Scotch individualities, it cannot be doubted that abstinence from all interference with northern institutions has been carried almost too far. The Society for the Protection of Scottish Rights has much to say on the position of the red lion rampant on the Royal standard when displayed above Holyrood, and there is also a question, we believe, as to the proper covering for the unicorn; but it is incontestable that the Imperial Parliament has left Iegislation for Scotchmen almost entirely in the hands of Scotch members, and conceded to North Britain a degree of self-government nearly equivalent to Parliamentary independence. It may certainly be true that to acts like the unions with Scotland and Ireland a peculiar sacredness attaches, and that the institutions of these less powerful countries are under the guaxdianship of a tacit agreement which forbids organic change. If so, Scotland has certainly had the benefit of the principle to the utmost. The law of three millions of B British subjects, though it so often clashes with that which governs about nine times the number in these islands, is scrupulously respected. If the slightest change be made it is only with the full consent of the Scotch representatives, and the opposition of two or three Scotch lawyers is sufficient to thwart the plans of any number of English reformers. We hope, therefore, that no outburst of Scottish patriotism vill follow the remarks that we feel called upon to make on the law of marriage north of the Tweed. Attachment to ancient usages may be a noble trait in national character, but when Scottish Lords and members of Parliament rise to defend such a seate of things as still prevails in their part of the kingdom they take the, step which leads them beyond patriotism to mere provinciali prejudice. MIost people have heard of Scotch marriages, but few probably are aware of the startling absurdity of the actual law. Within the limits of this island a man may be mariTed without inowing it. No license, no bans, no registration, no witness is necessary. Any boy of 14 mav contract marriage with any girl of 12 by a word or.a paragraph in a letter. All that is required is proof that at some time the male has said or written to the female, "You are my wife," or words to that effect. The words may be uttered in jest, as was the case in one instance where a youth found himself unexpectedly niaried, to his girat surprise ; they may be Tpoken during intoxication; they may be used in the lowest haunt to the most depraved woman, and they are binding in law. The man and woman are legally wedded according to the law of Scotland. Even a pair who stayed a day at an inn have been held to be man and wife, because the gentleman gave their names as " Mr. and Mrs. A." Now, it nmust be evident to every man of common judgment that this is not a state of things to exist in a civilized land. It needs no testimony to convince us of the scandalouis and unhappy consequences. But4 such testimony is not wanting. We learn that it is well known " to what a "fearful extent of vice these disreputable mar"riages have led in very many quarters." In great towns there are numbers who are unaware whether they are really married or not; numbers who cannot be sure whether a union they may have openly contracted may not be set aside and their children made illegpitimate, because some woman has come forward to assert her claims, founded on some chance expression dropped ten years before in a whisky-shop, and now sworn to by a couple of slatterns from a back slum. In the letter which we published on Saturday it is stated, that " the books are filled with "cases demonstrating the evil working of the "law; but there are cases innumerable which do "not find their way into the courts or into the "books." The great body of the cases are "rarely reported, and are therefore unknown to "the public; but they disclose a mass of mischief, of immorality, and crime of whichl the public has "little conception." The writer then proceeds to tell of respectable women with families of children who have, been the victims of an involuntary bigamy; of old men in their dotage entrapped into brothels, and there married by the utterance of half a dozen words; of boys promising marriage to a chance acquaintance, and finding the promise construed into " a declaration " de prcssenti," and therefore binding. No wonder this gentleman, with his knowledge of these facts, tells us that the subject has been too timidly treated by the Legislature. " Members," he says, "have been afraid to dwell on, or even "1 to point out, instances of great flagrancy." But we think that the public, when it has fully appreciated this inconceivable scandal in the law of a country which is one witlh our own, will not fail to demand that Scotch members should divest themselves of that equivocal modesty which is content with merely ignoring what is indecent and disgraceful. If "mischief, immorality, and crime"' are the results of the present law, it becomes honest men to inquire thoroughly into the matter, and not merely to turn their eyes away and walk by on the other side. The argument that such marriages are conducive to morality is too preposterous to need refutation. That legislation should seek to encourage people in. making the most important contract of their lives for the purpose of immediate gratification is consistent neither with social policy nor with public decency. A similar plea, involved in the phrase " Make an honest woman of her," is equally in-| valid. Nine-tenths of the women who gain bythe present state of the law are such as no ceremony would make honest. In short, the whole condition of things is a relic of a less enlightened age, and exists only because the Legislature has been over-scrupulous with regard l to a supposed national law. In England the same thing once existed, and, so far from conducing to morality, was found to give such scope to the excesses of a licentious age as to demand stringent legislation. Every one has read of Fleet weddings and the social calamities to which they led.I Old novels are full of girls seduced after a pretended marriage, in which the clergyman " was not a real Levite, but DICE, my "Lord's man." MYatters became so bad that even the not over-moral legislators of GEOtGE II.'s time found it necessary to fence the contract with eer- I tain circumstances of warning and publicity. All that we ask now is that the same decent observances should be extended to Scotland. It is not a religious question, but one of com-I maon mnorality and decency. Whether marriage1 be a sacramental, an ecclesiastical, or a civil contract, it is equally necessary that there should I be some formality and publicity, some proof of a bonan fide- intention, some delay afforded for reflection and the advice of friends. The fact that Lord BRoUGuImn should actually have brought a bill into Parliament to prevent Englishmen availing themselves of the Scotch marriage law, while he does not venture to attack the law itself, sho lws how entirely the defence of the system rests on national prejudice, and not on sound reason; for, if -it be injurious that an occasional English couple should cross the frontier clandestinely, and be married without the consent of father or guardian, how can it be just that 3,000,000 of people should in all their relations be subject to such a system? Scottish members have within the last few days interfered rather assumingly in the domestic arrangements of this metropolis; we trust therefore that. they will recognize the right of Southrons to De heard on a question to which the increase of communication must render us every day less indifferert.
The English Sunday is a compromise,-wei mean that the mode in which it is observed is a middle course between two theories. Let nobody be afraid of the word " compromise." Most of the true, just, and w%ise arrangements in the world, whether social, political, or religious, are compromises. They are so because the facts themselves with which we have to deal are seldom wholly one way, but are mixed and conflicting, and the arrangements which are built upon them must represent this mixtllre if they would be faithful and true to their own basis. There is the Puritanical theory of the Sunday, and there istheFestivaltheory.Wearenotgoing to plunge into this formidable controversy. It is enough to say that both theories have something to state for themselves, if they would not be exorbitant and each claim the whole ground. There can be no doubt that the Chlistiau Sunday sprang out of the Jewish Sabbath. So far the Sabbatical or Puritanical, theory is right. But there can be no doubt that the day was changed, and that therefore our Sunday is not strictly the Jewish Sabbath. So far the other theory of the day is right; and there can be no doubt that historically the day has never been considered in the Christian world at large as exactly the same institution with the Jewish one, but has been :endowed with different associations, and been observed in a different way. These are simple facts which nobody can dispute. Here, then, are two theories of the day, and the English Sunday is a mnixture of both. It is partly a Sabbath, partly a Festival. The popular rehgion connects a certain. strictness v;ith the day. SmAsi-i ments which would be very propsr on other days are not-proper on that day. There is a certain quiet repose and gravity which is considered to suit itan abstinence from rough excitement and disorderly mirth. But some enioyment and some festival feeling is still connected with the day. Go into any populous town on a Sunday, and, if it is at all a fine day, walk- a mile or two on the road, or take the path through the fields. You will meet men, women, and children all looking their best, and wearing their brightest colours. Sunday hats and waistcoats, Sunday bonnets and shawls, come out of their dark recesses, and exchange their six days' torpor and flatness in the drawer for the shining stiffness of an actual wear. You meet family parties, married couples, engaged couples. These persons do not profess to be engaged in direct spiritual contemplation, nor do they think it wrong that they are not. No ; their idea is that of quiet, harmless enjoyment. They take their stroll, and derive an innocent pleasure fiom the sun, the open air, the fields, and the sky-from the quiet gossip which accompanies their saunter, and from having nothing particular to do or to think of for that day. Follow these saunterers to their homes, and you will see the same type of Sunday observance. It is a day for families to meet, talk, and be cheerful round the fireside, the teatable, or the supper. Yet these persons would think it highly wrong to play at cards or to go to a play on a Sunday. This is the type of Sunday observance which more or less pervades English society. It is a religious day, and a certain strictness is associated with it; yet, together wvith the claims of public worship and the general gravity and quiet of the day is combined enjoyment; the Festival mingles with the Sabbath, and the Puritanical theory unites with the ecclesiastical. This is oiur traditional Sunday. Our English Sunday has, from the Reformation downwrards, shown this mixed type, and rather obstinately adhered to it. Attempts from time to time have been made to wrench it one way or another way,-to pull it in the Puritanical direction or the other, to make it exclusively a Sabbath or a Festival; but they have invariably failed. The Book of Sports ir the days of the STUARTS was a bold attempt to convert it into the simple festival; but it was a vain one. The Puritans would not dance, though it was sole,mnly enjoined on them, on peril of incarceration, by justices of the peace, and though they were led up to the sportive scene under the superintendence of constables. But the -Puritans in their turn could not, when they got the upper hand, establish a Puritanical Sabbath, and persuade Englishmen to be morose, gloomy, and unhappy on that day. Such being, then, the traditional and established English Sunday it would be well on the whole if people would agree to let our popular type of the day alone, without fretfully meddling with it. One party thinks we are not strict enough in our observance of the day; another party thinks we are too strict. So Sir JosiuA W.Kti.rYsi has his motion, and wants to introduce the continental Sunday. Mr. BAmmES wants to introduce the Puritan Sabbath. Whether the band in the Park was called for or not, the spirit in which it was opposed was a jealous and narrow one, mistaking the character of the day, and grudging the public the fair aimiount of enjoyment which they might connect with it. We do not meau to say that the English Sunday is perfect, that it exhibits no excesses, no laxities, no departures from the moderate and tempered standard of which we have been speaking. Who can expect a whole population to act as they should do? When we have to do with the masses, we must look for certain fieedoms and irregularities. We will not vouch for the crowds that ffll the steamers, and the trains that offer a rapid exit from the smoke of London on the Sunday, all going to church or chapel. Something must be allowed, however, for the appetite for fresh air, and, with all the liberty these Sunday exciusionists take, a considerable number of them, after all, retain a certain idea of the day which they would not violate by any positive excesses. WVithout justifying, however, everything that goes on on the Sunday in this country, the popular established type of- the dav, which takes the middle line we have been speaking of, has considerable merits, and stands upon a large and comprehensive ground. The worst of these party attempts to twist the English Sunda-y out of its middle line is that one infallibly leads to another, and that a mrench in one direction is sure to provoke a wrench in the opposite one. The move towards continentalism at the beginling of the session has produced now a move towards Puritanism; we are threatened with a Scotch Sumday, and in the lull of political parties religious topics are very apt to assume peculiar importance, and to overawe the representatives of constituencies. We trust, however, that the enthusiasm of these agitators -will cool down before it attempts any inmovation of a coercive kind. A Scotch Sunday may suit the Scotch mind, but it will not sufit the English. It is contrary to our national habits and our hereditary idea of the day. Such an attempt will only lead here to a reaction in the other extreme. It will irritate and annoy, and the lax party will be armed with a new and persuasive argtument in the unreasonableness and unpopularity of their opponents. Such an interference with the established and national type of the Sunday will be felt as a petty despotism, galling and provoking, because it is always rubbing against the grain, but not influencing and not persuading-producing constant annoyance and discontent, but not making us a bit more real converts to the Scotch view. Let the Scotch members be content with keeping (if they do) their own -Sabbath, and not force it across the border.
What is the Conservative party about? Does any such party exist, and, if it does exist, what are its principles? Where is the difference between the Government and the Opposition? Is it personal, is it conventional, or is it imaginary? These are questions which every thinldng man mnust put to himself whenhe surveysthe present state of politics, and the indications which from time to time present themselves of the state of parties. A grand and concerted movement was made by the Opposition against the Govermment a week or two ago, and only a hundred and seventy-six votes were given in support of it. That discipline, which, in spite of numerous drawbacks, always made the Tory party formidable in Parliament, seems to be lost. They have set a leader over them apparently with the view of not following his guidance, and have abandoned one piinciple after another till it is difficult to say what bond of connexion exists between them beyond habit and the common exclusion from place and power. Their leaders cannot contain even in public their rivalries and jealousies, and are much more frequently engaged in skdrmishing with each other than with the enemy. Yet this is the very time selected by Lord RANELAGH and other zealots of the Carlton Club for a purification of the party, and its reconstruction on principles which may proviae for its future unity and a good understanding between its members. With this view it is proposed to eject from the Carlton Club all office-holders under the present Government, as men professing principles inconsistent witlh that pure and orthodox Conservatism which sits enshrined in the marble-fronted iaeb- Mf- ,. = l. xsiOfl' as 14IheM qua1i was one between Free Trade and Protection some allowance might, it seems, be made, but Charity herself could have nothing to urge in favour of men who could substitute the levelling and revolutionary policy of PAT sRTO-N for the safe and constitutional teaching of Mr. Disixmri. Eject them by all means, gentlemen of the Conservative Club, but wrhen you have done so let us know what are the principles on vhich they differ from you, and upon what it is you tak3e your stand in thus siummarily dealing with old friends and comrades. You tell us it is not Free Trade, and, indeed, you coluld hardly say otherwise after your party in 1852 had voted for it. "hat is it, then ? The Maynooth question, on which no Conservative leader ventured to vote at all ? The Jewish question, on which MIr. DisRAmi spoke and voted with the Government? The question of war, on whicl you supported it; or of peace, on which you did not venture to differ from it ? Let us know the shibboleth of the Carlton Club, and we shall have something better to guide us at the next election than the Free Trade Protectionism of the last. We much fear the challenge will remain unanswered, and therefore, in the absence of any more precise information, we presume to draw our notions of the test which will be propounded to future candidates for admission into the Carlton Club from the speech recently delivered by the son of the leader of the Conservative party-a nobleman who sits and votes among them, and who certainly occupies a place in public opinion second to that of no member of the Opposition,-we mean, of course, Lord STrAILy. From this ve are happy to extract the doctrines of the new Conservative creed as promulgated by one placed sonear the very highest source of knowledge, for the benefit of future aspirants to the C'arlton Club, and of those honest squires, orthodox parsons, and true-blue farmers, who may have found themselves a little bewildered by recent events, and rather in want of a fresh start in matters of political opinion. IHere, then, is the new Conservative programme, as propounded by Lord STANTEY .-For foreign policy, non-intervention; for colonial policy, enigration; for internal policy, financial reform in all its branches, but more especially in respect of the duty on insurances and on paper, the former as being a tax on prudence, the latter as an impedimnent to the circulation of newspapers and the diffusion of political, literary, and scientific knowledge. among the masses; a sweeping measure of Parliamentary reform,-nothing small and paltry, but root-and-branch work, so soon as the present apathy on the subject will permit, such measure to be introduced by a MIinistry who do not trifle -with the question, but are prepared to stand or fall by it ; a system of education sinilar to that proposed by Lord JouN Russun=, but more carefully and fully elaborated; armiy reform on a great scale, consisting in the reduction of our establishments in time of peace to a really efficient nucleus for a force to be raised in timue of war; officers to be obliged to work hard at their profession, and the system of purchase of commissions to be entirely abolished; the management and patronage of the army to be taken away from the CRowN and vested in the 3finistry of the day, on the principle that, as the House of Commons finds the mnoney, it should see to its proper application. As to Administrative RXeform, Lord STixLB advocates the admission of persons into the Civil Sernice by competition only, the promotion of mueritorious persons from one branch of the Civil Service to another, and the separation of mechanical from intellectual labour. As to law reform, the Conservative creed requires an Aabolition of the Ecclesiastical Courts and improvements in the transfer of landed property. Add to these a Board to review the wording of acts of Parliament, and a MLinister of Justice to carry on the work of legislation, and we have all that the Conservative mind has for the moment to offer with regard to law reform. On the Sunday question the principle is broadly avowed that individual conviction shou-ld be free, and therefore that the opinions of one man, however strong, afford no ground whatever for interfering with the convictions of another. Whether these be the doctrines on which Lord RAINELAGII proposes to reconstruct the Conservative party we cannot say, but certain it is that they are very unlike those generally ascribed to the Carlton. We hope that Club will not content itself with imposing this test upon candidates for admission within its walls, but that those gentlemen who are already allowed to stray in the flowery fields of that Elysium will not object to give the public some assurance that these are their sentiments also. Then, indeed, it will become the Liberal party to review its principles and consolidate its ranL-s, for such Conservatism will leave little to desire on the ground of Eberality.
A Calinet Council was held on Saturday afternoon at the Foreign-office, Downing-street. Present-Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, the Marquis of Lansdowne. Sir George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, Mr. Secretary Labouchere, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Eon. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, and the Right Hon. A. T. Baines. The Council sat two hours and a quarter. INSPE=TIOwN OF THE MITIA.-Her Mlajesty wi visit Portsmouth to-morrow (Tuesday), as we have already announced, to review the militia regiments inthat garrison, which are reported to present a high state of soldierly efficiency, The ceremony will takeplace on Southsea-common, it is expected, about 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Mr. Crofts, of the George Hotel, received instructions from the Master of the Horse yesterday to provide accommodation for 21 horses of the Royal stud,2 carriages,aind 10 servants, for to-night and to-morrowr night. The corporation of Portsmouth ill meet to-day to vote an address toHer Majesty on the conclusion of peace, which they wish to present on the ground. FarxrA. Ex;LosaoN AT WOOiwc.-.3espite the amount of caution so strictly enforced in every branch of the establishmnents connectea with Woolwich Arsenal another accident has occurred, which has proved far more deplorable in its results than anything witnessed there for many years past. On Saturday, at half-past 3p.m., large crowds of persons, some of whom had hastened from a considerable distance, were attracted to the Arsenal gates by the concussion and loud report of an explosion issuing from that direction, the consequences off which were painfully anticipated by the assembled relatives of many of the persons employed there. The accident originated in a temporary she' about 10 feet square, in which the process of mealing the detonating composition with which the percussin caps are charged, and which is a thousand times mora ignitable than the ordinary powder is performed. Only two persons were in the shed at the moment-namely, a man named Flack, foreman of the denartment, and 'a boy named Shylock, both of whom were illed instantaneously. Two others, Taylor, a carpenter, and Rooke, a labourer, were employed near the spot and met a similar fate, the former was literally shattered to pieces, one of the arms being boroken in four places. The right leg vwas blown off at the hip, and discovered onthe roof of theedepartmentaloffices of Captain Boxer, about 100 feet distant. Had the occurrence taken place three minutes earlier the captain himself must have been nunibered among the viCtil3s, as he had scarcely gained his office from a visit to that identical shed Xl-en the explosion was heard and fhe windows wero dashed in with great violence. His messenger, who was returning to the anteroom, received a severe blow from a portion of the woodwork of the shed, which was hurled through the window, a great part of the roof being cast into the air, and falling, about 250 yards distant, into the Thames. The adjoining shed as likewise demnolished, and every windowin the vicinity destroyed. Seven other workmen were taken to the hospital, one ofwhviom, namedRichardson, is inahopeless condition. A man named Savage is severely injured with contusions of the head and right hip, but not dangerously; another named Rlich has -sustained a severe fracture of the skull, but is expected to survive. Blancl, a labourer, received a contusion of both legs; and three others, named Green, Gale, and Webber, are suffering more or lesfrom contused and broken limbs. Andrewrs, a carpenter, is like. wise seriously injured in the back anda ead. The bodis -have been removed to the deadhouse, where they will be examined by the coroner and jury, preparatory to their wssembling at the '3un tavern, 'here the igq'Sst 1 to be hlcd,
,7,D~ _2rnnr 2ir r Ia AIf W D Mo we have been favoured 'with a perusal of the official pro. gramme, as approved by Hler Majesty, of the proceedings which are to be observed at the laying of the foundatioa stone of this establisunnent by the Queen in person to-day., The following is a copy:- 1It is expected that the Queen 'w,ill land at the jetty at 1 hclok a.m. A guard of honour will be drawen up td receive Her Majesty. On landing Hler Majesty will be received by the Secretary of State for the War tepartment (Lord Paumures, the Tort Admiral of Portsnmouth (Sir George Seymour), and the General Commanding the South. Western District (Major-General H. W. Breton). " 1The Royal standard 'will be hoisted on a flagstaff; and the miilitary bands will play the National Anthem. ) "1Her Majesty will receive upon the jetty an addrss from the Mayor and corporation of Southampton, 'whichl 'will be presented to Her Majesty by the Mayor, and handed by the queen to the Secretary of State. The Queen will then be conducted to the place prep d for Her Majesty, precedel by the officers (militarv and naval) in attendance upon the General and Admiral, the High Sheriff, and the Lord-Lieu. tenant of the County, the Bishop of the dioces3, and the Secretary of State, and followed by the suite of Her Majesty and his Boyal Highnes3 the Prince Consolt. *-A guard Of honour 'will be drawn up to receiv-e Her MWajesty on the site of the intended buildingt, and the troops sill be formed in line on the north side of the stone to witness the ceremony. When Her Majesty arrives at the place where the stone is to be laid the commanding engineer will present to Her tiajesty the plans of the buildi to be erected, explaining briefly the intended arrangements. Her Majesty ha- ing siggnifled her approval of the plans will then place in the copper box prepared for the purpose the coins, medals, and cross, and the vellum document recording the event; this last will be signed by Her Majesty, his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, and the Secretary of State, and the box being then closed, Her Majesty will place it in the cavity of the stone. " The ceremony of laying the stone mill then be proceeded with, the military bands playing, and at the moment when the Queen strikes the stone, after having ascertained that it is correctly laid, a signal flag will be hoisted, the ships in the river will salute, the troops w"ill present arms, and the military bands will play 'IGd Save the Queen.' Her Majesty will then direct the Secretary of State to declare that the first stone of the Military Hospital is laid, andthat Her Majesty has been pleased to sanction its being called, *'The Royal Victoria HlospitaL.' -The bishop of the diocess wvill then offer up prayers and pronounce a blessing, and the 100th Psalm will be sung bLy the choir. The troops wfill then march past HIer Majesty in quick time, and the Queen 'will return to the jetty andrembark. "The ground must be kept quite clear by the military, and no persons will be allowed to stand near the Royal party but the Tord-Lieutenant of the County, the Secretary of State, the General Commanding the District, the Port Admiral, and the members of the Household in attendance upon Her Majesty. - The staff of the General and Admiral, and all other authorities not above named, will have places reserved for them where they will not interrupt the view of the ceremony. " The troops upon the ground wil consist of 600 of the 22d Regiment from Portsmouth, 'who proceed by rail to Botley, and march thence (five miles) to the scene of interest; 400 of the 7th and 23d, from W inchester ; and 70 mnen from each of the Stafford, 1st Sprrey, Arma.h, Dorset, and Hants Regiments of Militia. "Her Majesty's steam frigate Arrogant, 47, Captain Lyster, proceeded from Spithead to moor off Hanible on Saturday afternoon. She w;ill bear the port-admiral's flag to-morrow. As many gunboats as are or can be muade ready 'will also congregate atthe spot."
COURT CIRCULARL OSBORNE, M1AY 17. His Royal Highness Prince Albert went over to Gosport yesterday aud viited the forts now erecting. The Prince returned to Osborne about 2 o'clock and drove out with Her Mdajesty in the afternoon. 3Lix lS. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent arrived yesterday from London on a visit to Her MIajesty- The Duchess crossed over from Southampton in the Fairy, at:teudedby theHon.Mary Seymour and LordJames durray. Her r.oyal Highness the Duchess of lient, attended by the Hon. Afary Se3mour and Lord James MInrray, left her residence, Clarence-house, St. James's, on Saturday morning, for Osborne, Isle of Wight. hL Musurms, the Turkish Ambassador, transacted business at the Foreign-office on Saturday. Viscount Palmerston left town after the Cabinet Council on Saturday afternoon for Brocket-boall, Herts. The blarqnis of Linsdowvne arrived in ILondon on Satur-. day mnorning fronu his seat, Bovood-park, Wilts, for the purpose of attendin6 the Cabinet Council held attheForeignoffice. L ord Stsney of Alderley arrived in town on Saturday. General Chesney-.and Ir. W. P. Andrew; had an interviewz ith his Highness Aui Pasha, Grand Viaier, on the 17th inst., at Claridge's Hotel, regarding the Euphrates Valley :onte to India.
XENSI-NG'O-ONGlRDENS WITHOUT MUSIC. It is gratifying to state that Sunday passed over without any serious disturbance in Hyde Park or Kensingtongardens, such as was apprehended. from the sudden withdrawal by the Government of the additional source of attraction and enjoyment, in the shape of music, withwhicla these favourite places of metropolitan recreation had of late been invested. This is attnbutable, beyond question, in great part to the storms of rain which prevailed at intervals throughoutthe greaterpart of yesterday, and in part, it is surely not too nuuch to assune, to the good sense of the people themselves in preserving an attitude of forbearance and moderation under a sense of injustice. Stil, in spite of the inclemency of the weather, a considerable crov-d asembled in the nsual promenade in Kensington-gardens, which ordinarily, on such a dav of wind and rain, would have been without a solitary visitor. At one part of the afternoon there could not have been far short of 1,000 people present, the greater part of whon belonged to the higher and middle classec, whose behaviour, it is needless to say, was unexceptionable, with a considerable infusion of those appropnatelytermed "ronu,hs." About 4 o'clock some of the emissaries of the society called The National Sunday League began to distribute a handbiU advocating the opening of the British Museum, the Crystal Palace, and other kindred places of recreation on Sundays, and especially approving the use of music in the parks as identicalwith the objects of theirassociation. This wasforn moment misunderstood,andthose whotool;-partinit hadnearly exposed themselvesto the indignation, andprobably the ill-treatment of the crowd, who, not at once apprehending the drift of an address of such length, evidently suspected that it emanated from Exeter-hall. Seeing the danger to which they were liable they desisted for a time, and only afterwards resumed the distribution of their handbills with caution and among persons from whom they were not likely to receive insult. The "roughis after this vrent wandering about in a band for upvards of two hours in search of amusement, which they occasionally found in some gentleman with any slight eccentricity of manner or costame, and in one of the park-keepers, an nsuamUy tall mau, whom they assailed with all manner of gibes. OccasionaUly they pnUled branches off the trees, with which they arsed themnselves, or mounted the platform erected for the band, and performed a series of rude antics, to the amusement of the bystanders, varied now and then by a fight among themselves. Between 5 and 6 o'clock we left themn singing "Rule Britannia." By this time aU the more respectable part of the company had retired, after a pelting shower of rain, which drove them to the trees for shnelter, and the rougha had the field to themselves; but they were powverless for any purpose of mischief throughout the afternoon in the presence of so overvhelming a proportion of persons enlisted on the side of order, and the day happily passed awaLy without any serioul riot or disturbance. =~~~~~f
THE XAns.-LvErltroo, R.ay 17.-The Royal PMal steamship Afica sailed for lfew York to-day, with a large cargo and 93 assengers, includig Mrs. Butler (Miss 7Fanny emble). The mail clipcer lXed Jacket sails on Tuesday from Liverpool for Melbourne, wvith about 400 passengers boesides the mails and, a fair cargo. P>AST SmP.VICES.-Bas the country forgotten wvhat the army did at Alma and Inkermann, and what they suffered at Balaldava and in the lines of Sebastopol 9 Does the country no longer remember who brought the miitary power of Great Britain to the lowese point, and who saved it frorn asolutc annihilationl We presume the answer to, these questions wille an assnce that the country perfectly remembers aU these matters,-did not the representatives of the nation thank the army only last week ? And. have not Quartermaster- Airey, and General Simpson, and Sir William Codrington, and a host of other heroes, ben decorated and promoted 1 And does not everyoneread Mr. Russell's lItters to The Tmes, even to the present hour ? No one forgets that the army (using the phrase am distinctive from the generals of the army) took care of itself at Alma and Inlkermann, and tbatit was taken care of, when helpless and- deserted by those charged with its preservation, by the correspondents of the public journals. When reminded of events a twelvemonth old everyone wil adnmit that, but for those correspondents, we should in all human probabilityh have had no army in the Crimea las snmmnern_ We wish to revive those memories, because, in order again to save the army, it is necessary that the public should again give their promnpt and active attention to the warnings of the same guardians of the public interests. If the couse of proceeding described in the last le'ter of the correspondent of The Times be Persisted in, ve may, indeed, have a staff of Royal and noble field-marshals, of Airey Quartermasters-General, and of ancient anddiscreetbeads of - departments; but we shall have no army in the true sense of the termu. If tbepubliedonotinterpose,theconrsedescribed will be persisted in, and the "profound dissatisfaction " of all classes of mihitarymenwillberenderedpelnianent. From.' the private soldier, suddenly deprived of his Sd a-day, to thebrigadier remitted with indecent haste, to his regimental station, aU will curse the day when they fLrst accepted thQueen's shilling, and allvwill carzy that hitter feeling into th:eir respecotive circles in society. The poor chaplains offensively told to sell their horses assoon as they can, 1ihe serge. nts degraded from their hardly earned cornetciea wed hientenancies in the Land Transport Corps, will be 5Q many travelling lecturers upon the inherent vjcji,sness of the Horse Guards, and the blind folly of attempting to serve England in a military station. And while is heavy blowv aud great discouragementorthy of the framers oE the lForeign Enlistment Bill-is deslt upon British military spirit, the Russian army of Circassia is to be nountedat the cost of the British people. Ths is no more a party question than was the destitute and dissolving condition of the army last year, and we trust its consideration mill be ta;ken up in a British, and not a factious spirit. It. -will be fortunate if this exhibition of the unchanged and unchangeable character of the Horse Guards, routinists should attract suclx-&ttention as will force on a thorough ITeform of the systemn before it be again conzolidated under Ithe apathy oorsequent upoa a return to peace.-DuNim Arail.
TEIE ALLEGED POISONINGS AT RUGELEY. TRIAL OF W. PALMER. CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT. MlTAYx 17. The adjourned trial of William Palmer for the murder of John Parsons Cook was resumed this morning. The court -was densely crowded, and there was no abatement of the interest which has from the commencenient been excited by these proceedings. Among the distinguished persons present were Earl Grey and Er. Dallas, the A-nerican a;niter. The jury, who, in .accordance with the suggestions made by the learned judges on the previous day, had during the 3norning been conducted to the Middle Temple-gardens by the officer iwho had them in charge, and allowed to walk there for some tinme, entered the court about 10 o'cloek, and almost immediatelv afterwards the learned judges-Lord Chief Justice Campbell, 31r. Baron Alderson, and rr. Justice Creswell, accompanied by the Recorder, the Common Serjeant, the Sheriffs, and Under-Sherihib, and several inembers of the Court of Aldermen, took their seats upon the bencb. The prisoner was then placed at the bar. There was no change in the expression of his countenance, and luring the day he maintained his usual tranquillity of demeanour. The same counsel were again in attendance --The Attorney-General, Mr. E. James, Q.C., Mr. Bodl-ci, Mr. Welsby, and 31r. Huddleston for the Crown; Mr. Serjeant Shee, Mr Grove, Q.C., Mr. Gray, and Mr. Kenealy for the prisoner. George Bates, examined by Mr. J=ass.-I was brought -up a farmer, but am now out of business. I have known Palmer eight or nine years. In September, October, and November last Ilooked after his stud, and saw that the boys who had the care of the horses did their duty. I had no fixed salary, lhat used to receive money occasionally; some -weeks I received two sovereigns, and some only one. I lodged in Rugeley. The rent I paid was E<. 6d. per week. I am a single Uman. I knew the deceased Cook. I have no doubt that I saw him at Pahuer's house in September. I .cnnot fix the date. I dined with him at Palmer's. By Lord CArOBELL.-I sat at table with them. Examination continued.-After dinner something was -said of an insurance of my life. Either Cook or Palmer, which I cannot say commenced the conversation. 3fr. Serjeant S11E} objected to the reception of any evi.dence vith regard to the proposal of the insurance of the witness's life. The ATrToREY-GxCEcimAL said, that his object was to show the position of Cook's affairs at this time. Lord CASPrBELL, after consultation with the other judges, said,-I doubted whether this would be relevant and proper -evidence to receive upon this tri-l, and upon consultation the other judges agree with me that it is too remote. The examination of the w itness with regard to the in. surance was therefore not pursued. Witness.-I remember the death of Cook, and the inest. I know 3Ir. Wlrliam Wrebb WVard, the coroner. On the mornig of the 5th of December, while the inquest was being held, . saw Palmer. He gave me this letter and told me to go to Stafford and give it to Mr. Ward. (The letter referred to was that addressed to Mr. Ward, which vas on the previous day put in and read.) That was between 9 and 10 o'lock. He a;3o gave me a lettertoa man named France, a dealer in game at Stafford. Palmer said that there would be a package of game from France, which I was to direct and send to Mir. lWard. I got a basket of game from France upon the order which the prisoner had given me. I directed it "W Webb Ward, coroner (or solicitor), Stafford," and sent it to Mr. Ward. I directed it myself. I gave a man 3d. to take the game, but I delivered the note to Mr. Ward ray-elf. I found him at the Dolphin Inn, Stafford. Hi, was in the smoking-room. I told him I wanted to speak to Lim. He called me out into the yard or passage, and there I gave him the note. There were other people in the smoking-room. I had had no directions from the prisoner as to how I was to deliver the note. When I returned to Rugeley that night I saw the prisoner. I told him that I had delivered the letters w-hich I took to Stafford, and had sent a boy with the game. I remember Thursday, the 13th of December. On that day I was sent for to the prisoner's house early in the morning. About midday I went to Paluner'shouse. I found him in bed. He said that he wanted mete go to Stafford to take Webb Ward a letter, and to take care that no one saw me give it to him. On the Satur-day previouslv I had taken Palmer some money. On the Thursday Pafler told me to go to Ben and tell hi he wanted a 51. note. I understood Ben to be Mr. Thirlby, his assistant. Paimer added, " Tel him that I have no smaU change." I believe he asked me to look in a drawer under the dressing glass, and said, " Tell me the amount of that biL." looked in the drawer and found there a .501. Bank -of England hil. I left the bil there. This was before he gave me the letter for Ward. After seeing the bill I went to Thirlby's for the ;5i. I got from Thirlby a 51.-note of a local bank, and took it to Palmer. I then went dowinstairs, leaving Palmer in bed, with the writing materials on the bottom of it. I remained downstairs, in the yard or kitchen, about half an-hour. When I went upstairs Palmer -ngain asked me the amount of the bil which was in the -drawer. I just looked at it, and thought it was the same bill I had left there. He then gave me the letter, which was sealed, and I took it to Stafford. I followed 31r. Ward through the room at the railway station, and gave it to him in the road. Mr. Ward did not open or read the letter, but crumpled it up in his hand and put it into his pocket. I believe I told hin from whom I had brought it. Having delivered the letter I returned to Itugeley. I sawv the prisoner, and told him that I had given W*ard the letter. He said nothing. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant SCEE.-Palmer had four brood mares, and four yearlings and a three-year-old. I can't tell their value. I heard that one of these horses sold forS 00guineas. I can't sav whether the mares werein foal in.Novemiber, but I suppose some were. Palmer's stables were at the back of his house, and the paddocks which were near them covered about 20 acres of ground, and were fenced with a hawthorn-hed-e. I remember a mare caled the Duchess of gent being there. We supposed she slipped her foal, but we could not find it. Iam not aware that GoldfLnder's dam slipped her foal. I once saw the turf cut up with horses' feet, and attributed it to the mares galoping about. I never saw any dogs " run" them. I have seen a gun at the paddocks. I -cannot say whether it belonged to Palmer. I never examined it. I do not k;nowr Ispector Field by sight. I have seen a person whom I was told was Field. He came to me at the latter end of September, or beginning of October or lNovemiber. I cannot say whether lie saw Palmer. He was a stranger to me. I do not know that he put up anywhere. (A laugh.) I did not see him more than once. I do not know Field. On Thursday, December 13, I saw Gillott, who is a sheriff's officer, in Palmer's yard. Re-examined by the ATToI.NEY-GENERUL.-It was after the hay harvest that I saw the turf in the paddock cut up. I should say that it was in the latter end of September. I cannot say howv long it was before Cook's death. Thomas Blizard Curling, examined by the ATTORNEYGE_NEn.tl.-I am a member of the Colege of Surgeons, and Surgeon to the London Hospital. I have particularly turned my attention to the subject of tetanus, and have published a work upon that subject. Tetanus means a spas. modic affection of the voluntary muscles. Of true tetanus there are only two descriptions-idiopathic and traumatic. There are other diseases in which we see contractions of the muscles, but we should not call them tetanus. Idionathic teta.us is apparently self-generated; traumatic proceeds from a wound or sore. Idiopathic tetanus arises from ex- re to damp orcold,orfrointheirritation of worms in the aimentary canaL It is not a disease of frequent occurzence. I have never seen a case of idiopathic tetanus, although I have been surgeon to the London Hospital for 22 years. Cases of traumatic tetanus are nnuch more frequent. Speaking quite within compass I have seen 50 such cases. I believe 100 would be nearer the mark. The disease first manifests itself by stiff ness about thejaws and back of the neck. Rigidity of the muscles of the abdomen afterwards sets in. A dragging pain at the pit of the stomach is an almost constant attendant. In many instances the muscles of the back are extensively affected. These symDtoms, though continuous, are liable to aggravations into paroxysms. As the disease goes on, these paroxysms become more frequent and more severe. When they occurthe body is drawn backwards; in some instances, though less frequently, it is bent forward. A diffictilty in s-allowin- is a very common symptom, and also a difficulty of breathing during the paroxysms. The disease illa, if fatal, end in two ways. The patient may die somewiat suddenly from suffocation, owing to the closure of the opening of the windpipe; or he may be worn out by the severe and1ainfnil spasms, themuseles niay relax, and the patientgradua lysinkanddie. Thediseaseisgenerally fatal. The locking of the Jaw is an almostconstantssymptom attending traunmatic tetanus-I may say aconstant symptom. Itisnotalwaysstrongly marked, but generally so. Itis an early symptom. Another symptom is a peculiar expression of the countenance. By Lord CA1IPBELL.-I believe this is not peculiar to traumatic tetanus, but my observation is taken from such cases. Examination resumed.-Tiiere is a contraction of the eyelids, a raising of the angles of the mouth, and contraction of the brov. In traumatic tetanus the lower extremities are sometimes affected, and sometimes, but somewhat rarely, the upper ones. When the muscles of the extremitiesae afected the time at which that occursvaries. If there is no wound in the arms or legs the extremities are generaUy not affected until late in the progress of the disease. I never knewv or read of traumatic tetanus being produced by a sore throat or by a chalcre. In my opinion ? syphilitic sore would not produce tetanus. I knowofno nstance in which a syphilitic sore has led to tetanus. I think it a very unlikely cause. The time in which traumatic tetanus causes death varies from 24 hours to three or four days, or longer. The shortest period that ever- cameto my knowledge w as eight toten hours. The disease, vwhen once commenced, is continuous. Did you everknow of a case in which a man was attacked one day, had 24 hours' respite, and was then attacked the netxtday 9-lNeve. I should say that such a case could You have heard the acount given by Mr. Jones of the death ofrte deceased,-were the smptoms there consistent with any forms of traumatic tetanus that has ever come under your observation?-No. What distinguishes it from such cases9.-The sudden onset of the disease. In all cases which have come under my oticQ the disease was preceded bv the milder symptoms of tetanus, gradually proceeding to the complete develonement. Were the symptoims described by the woman Mills as being presented on the Monday night those of tetanus?No; not of the tetanus of disease. - Assuning tetanus to be synonymous with convulsive or spasmodic action of the muscles, was there in that sense tetanus on the Monday night ?-No doubt there was spasmodic action of the muscles. There was not, in your opinion, either idiopathic or traumatic tetanus7?-No. Why are you of that opinion?-The sudden onset of the spasnms and their rapid subsidence are consistent withneither of the two forms of tetanus. Is there not wbat is called hysteric tetanus ?-Yes. It is rather hysteria combined with spasm;, but it is sometimes called hysteric tetanus. I have knowvn no instance of its proving fatal, or of itoccurringto a man. Some poisons will produce tetanus. Nan. vomica, acting through its poisons strychnia and bruchsia, poisons of a cognate character, produces that effect. I never saw a case of either human or animal life destroyed by strychnine. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant SHEIE-Irritation of the spinal cord or of the nerves proceeding to it might produce tetanus. Do you agree with the opinion of Dr. Webster, in his lectures on the Principles and Practice of Physic, that in four cases out of five the disease begins with lockjaw7?I do. Do you agree with Dr. Watson that all the symptoms of tetanicconvulsions mayarisefrom causes so slight asthese:the sticking of a f=shbone in the fauces, the air caused by a musket shot, the stroke ofaawhip-lash under the eye, leaving the skin unbroken, the cutting of a corn, the biting of the finger by a favourite sparrow, the blow of a stick on the neck, the inmertion of a seton, the extraction of a tooth, the injection of a hydrocele, and the operation of cutting ? -Excepting the percussion of the air from a nusket ball I tbink ail tlhese causes may produce the sym ptoms referred to. Do you remember readimg of a case which occurred at Edinburgh. in which anegro servant lacerated his thumb bythefractureof achina dish, and was in.tantly,while the guests were at dinner, seized with tetanus? The ArToRNEY-GENERAL, interposing before the witness replied.-I have taken some pains to ascertain what that case is, and where it isgot from. Cross-exaniination continued.-Could traumatic tetanus occur within so short a time as a quarter of an hour after the receptioni of an injury 1-I know of no well authenticated instance of the kind. Did you iniquire into this case which is mentioned in your own treatise, " A negro having scratched his thumb w ith a piece of broken chinia vas seized with tetanus, and in a quarter of an hour after this he was dead 'e"-I referred to authority as far as I could, hut I did not find any reference to it except in Cyclop.cdias. When I wrote that book I was a young man 22 years of age. I have maturer judgment and greater experience now. You say that no case of idiopathic tetanus has come under your notice ?-None. I dare say you will teU us that such cases are not so likely to come to the hospital as those of a wound ending in traumatic tetanus, they would be more likely in the first instance to come under the notice of a physician than that of a surgeon ?-Certainly. By Lord C r1PBFLL.-I have read of cases of idopathic tetanus in this country. Mr. Serjeant SnEE.-We shall be able to show that there have been such cases. Cross-examination continued.-Do you not know that very lately there was in the London Hospital a case in which tetanus canme on so rapidly and so unaccoLntably that it was referred to strychnine, and it was thought necessary to examine the stomachi of the patient 7-I know that such an opinion was entertained before the history of the case was investigated. I have heard that no strychnine was found. In that case old syphilitic sores were discovered. By Lord CAsn.BELL.-I did not see the patient, who was under the care of the house surgeons, who are now in court. Cross examninationcontinued.-Aightnotthe irritation of a syphilitic sore, by wet, cold, drink-, mercury, audmental excitemnent lead to tetanic symptoms7- -I do not think that that is very likely. The irritation which is likely to produce tetanus is the sore being exposed to friction, to which syphilitic sores in the throat are not exposed. I should class tetanus arising from tie irritation of a sore as "traumatic." Cases very rarely occur which it is difficult to class as either "traumatic" or "idiopathic." I should class tetanus arising from irritation of the intestines as "idiopathic." The character of the spasms of epilepsy is not tetanic. Not of the spasms; but are not the contractions of epilepsy sometimes continuous, so that the body may be twisted into various forms, and remain rigidly in them 7-Not continuously. For five or 10 minutes together ?-I think not. Does it not frequently happen that general convulsions, no cause or trace of which in the form of disease or lesion is to be foumd in the body after death, occur in the most violent and spastic way so as to exhibit appearances of tetanic convulsions?-No instance of the kind has come under my observation- Do you agree with this opinion of Dr. Copeland, expressed inhisDictionary of Practical dleldicine, under the head "General Convulsions." "The abnormal contraction of the muscles is in some cases of the most violent and spastic nature, and fr-equently of some continuance, the relaxations bei'- of brief duration or scarcely observable, and in others nearTy or altogether approaching to tetanic?"-I would rather speak from my own observation. I have not observed anything of the kind. Does it not happen that a patient dies of convulsions, spastic in the sense of their being tumultuous and alternating, and chronic in the sense of exhibiting continuous rigidity, yet after death no disease is found?2-It does not often happen to adults. Does it sometimes 7.-I do not know, nor have I read of such a case. I have no hesitation in saying that people may die from tetanus and other diseases without the appearance of morbid symptoms after death. Are not convulsions, not, strictly speaking, tetanic, constantly preserved by retching, distention of the stomach, flatulence of the stomach and bowels, and other dyspeptic symptoms .-Such eases do not come under my observation as a hospital surgeon. I think it is very probable that general convulsions are accompanied by yelling. I don't know that they frequently terminate fatally, and that the proximate cause of death is spasm of the respiratory muscles, inducing asphynra. Re-examined by the ATToRNEy-GsNnER .-These convulsions are easily distinguished from tetanus, because in them there is an entire loss of consciousness. Is it one of the characteristic features of tetanus that the consciousness is not affected ?-It is. Dr. Todd, examined by the ATTornY-GEN ERAL.-I am physician at King's College Hospital, and have held that office about 20 years. I have also lectured on physiology and anatomy, on tetanus and the diseases of the nervous system, and have published my lectures. I agree with the last witness in his distinction between idiopathic and traumatic tetanus. I have seen two cases of what appeared to me to be idiopathic tetanus, but such cases are rare in this country. By Lord CA3PBELL.-I define idiopathic tetanus to be that form of the disease which is produced without any external wound, apparently from internal causes -from a constitntional cauues. Examination resiuned.-In my opinion the trm tetanus ought not to be applied to disease produced by poisons, but I should call the symptoms tetanic in order to distinguish the character of the convulsions. I have observed cases of traumatic tetanus. Except that in al such cases there is some lesion the symptoms are precisely the same as those of idiopathic tetanus. The disease begins with stiffness about the jaw. The symptoms gradually develope themselves and extend to the muscles of the trunk. When the disease has begun is there any intermission? -There are remissions, but they are not complete; only diminutions of the severity of the symptoms, not a total subsidence. The patient does not express himself as completely well, quite comfortable. I speak from my own expenence. What is the usual period that elapses between the commencement and the termination of the disease ?-The cases may be divided into two classes. Acute cases will terminate in three or four days, chronic cases will go on as long as from 19 to 22 or 23 days, and perhaps longer. I do not think that I have known a case in which death occurred within four days. Cases are reported in which it occurred in a shorter period. In tetanus the extremities are affected, but not so much as the trunk. Their affection is a late symptom. The loCking of the jaw is an early one. Sometimes the convuilsions of epilepsy assume somewhat of a tetanic character, but they are essentially distinct from tetanus. In epilepsy the patient always loses consciousness. Apoplexy never produces tetanic convulsions. Perhaps I may be allowed to say that when there is effusion of blood upon the brain, and a portion of the brain is involved, the muscles may be thrown into short tetanic convulsions. In such case the consciousness would be destroyed. Having heard described the symptoms attending the death of the deceased, and the pOst-mortem examination, I am of opinion that in this case there was neither apoplexy nor epilepsy. The ANrTORN Y-UxNxxxAL said that, as Dr. Bamford was so unwell that it was doubtful whether he would be able to appear as a witness, he proposed to put in his deposition, in order to found upon it a question to the witness now under examination. Dr. Todd and Dr. Tweedie deposed that they had seen Dr. Bamford on the previous day, and that he was then suffering from a severe attack of English cholera. He was too unwell to be able to attend and give evidence. The CoURT ruled that the depositions taken before the coroner might be read; and they were read accordingly by the Clerk of the Arraigns. They were to the following effect "Iattended the late MIr. Cook at the request of Mr. William Palmer. I first saw him about 3 o'clock on Saturday, the 17th of November, when he was suffering from violent vomiting, the stomach being in that irritable state that it would not contain a teaspoonful of milk There vas perfect moisture of the skin, and he was quite sensible. .I prescribed medicine for him, and Mr. Palmer went up to my house and waited until I had made it up, and then took it away. I prescribed a saline medicine, to be taken in an effervescing state. Between 7 and 8 o'clock in the evening Mr. Palmer again requested me to visit M1r. Cook. The sickness still continued, everything being ejected which lie took into his stomach. I gave him two small-pills as a slight opiate. Mlr. Palmer took the pills from my house. I did not accompany him, nor do I know what became of the pills. On the following morning (Sunday) Mr. Palmer again called, and asked me to accompanY him. Mr. Cook's sickness still continued. I remained about 10 minutes. Everything ho took thsat morning was ejected from his stomach. Everything he threw up was as clear as wvater, except some coffee which he had taken. M11r. Palmer haadministered some pills before I saw Mr. Cook on Saturday, which had purged him several times. Between 6 and 7 o'clock m the evening I again visited the deceased, accompanied by MIr. PaLner. The sickness still continued. I went on Monday morning, between S and 9 o'clock, and changed his medicine. I sent him a draught which relieved him from the sickness, and gave him ease. I did not see him again until Tuesday night, when MIr. Palmer called for me. I examined Mr. Cook in the presence of MIr. Jones and M5r. Palmer, and I observed a change in him. He was irritable and tronbled in hir mind. -Tig unit, was firm, but tremulous, and between 80 and 90. He threw I himself down on the bed and turned his face away. He said ihe would have no more pills nor take any more medicine. IAfter they had left the room Mr. Palmer asked me to make two more pills similar to those on the previous night, which I did, and he then asked me to write the directions on a slip of I paper; and I gave the pills to Mr. Palmer. The effervescing I mixture contained 20 grains of carbonate of potash, two drachms of compound tincture of cardamine, and two drachms of simple syrup, to,ether 'with 15 grains of tartaric acid for each powder. 1 never gave Mr. Cook a grain of antimony. I did not see the prearations after they were taken away by Mr. Palmer. Mr.(hok did not say he had taken the pills which he had prepared, but he expressed a wish on the Sunday and Monday nights to have the ills. His skin was moist, and there was not the least fever abot him. When I sawv the deceased on Monday he did not say that he had been ill on the Sunday night, but Mr. Palmer told me that he had been ill. I considered death to have been the result of congestion of the brain wLen the post mortem examination was made, and I do not see any reason to alter that opinion. I have attended other patients for Mr. Palmer. 1 attended Mrs. Palmer some days before her decease; also two chfildren and a gentleman from London, who was on a visit at Mr. Palmer's house, and who did not live many hours after I was called in. The whole of those patients died. Mr. Palmer first made an application to me Kor a certificate of Mr. Cook's death on the folowing Sunday morning, when I objected, saying, "He is your patient." I cannot remember his reply; but he wished me to fill up the certificate, and I did so. We had no conversation at that time as to the cause of death-nothing more than the opinion I have expressed. Mr. Palmer said he was of the same opinion as myself with respect to the death of the deceased. I never knew apoplexy produce rigidity of the limbs. Drowsiness is a prelude to apoplexy. I attributed the sickness on the first tvo days to a disordered stomach. Mr. Cook never sent for me himself." The examinationof Dr. Toddbythe ATToRy.NmGENEiuL was then proceeded with as follows :-Having heard the deposition of Dr. Bamford read, I do not believe that the deceased died from apoplexy or from epilepsy. I never knew tetanus arise either from syphilitic sores or from sore throat. There are poisons which will produce tetanic convulsions. The principal of those poisons are niux vomica and those which contain as their active ingredients strychnine and bruccia. I have never seen human life destroyed by strychnine, but I have seen animals destroyed by it frequently. The poison is usually given in a largish. dose in those cases, so as to put an end to the sufferings and destroylife as soon aspossible. I should not like to give a human subject a quarter of a grain. I think that it is not unlikely that half a grain might destroy life; and I believe that a grain certainly would. I think that half a grain would kill a cat. The symptoms which would ensue upon the administration of strychnine when given in solution-and I believe that poisons of that nature act more rapidly in a state of solution than in any other form-would develope themselves in 10 minutes afterit was taken, if the dose were alargeone; if not so large, they might be half an hour or an hour before they appeared. Those symptoms would be tetanic convulsions of the muscles-more especially those of the spine and neck ; the head and back would be bent back, and te trunk would be bowed in a marked manner ; the extremities, also, would be stiffened and jerked out. The stifiness, once set in, would never entirely disappear; but fresh paro.xysms would set in, and the jerking rigidity would reappear;- and death wouild probably ensue in a quarter of an hour or so. The difference izetwveen tetanus produced by strychnine mnd other tetanus is very marked. In the former ease the duration of the symptoms is very short, and, instead of being continuous in their development, they will subside if the dose has not boon strong enough to produce death, and will be renewed in fresh paroxysms; whereas in other descriptions of tetanus thc symptoms commence in a mild form, and become stronger and more violent as the disease progresses. The difficulty expericnced in breathing is common alike to tetanus properly so called and to tetanic convulsions occasioned by strychnine, arising from the pressure upon the respiratory muscles. I think it is remarkable that the deceased was able to swallow, and that there was no fixing of the jaw, which would have been the case with tetanus roper, resulting either from a wound or from disease. prom aU the evidence I have heard, I think that the svmptoms which presented themselves in the case of Mr. Cook arose from tetanus produced by strychnine. Cross-examined by Mr. GROvE, Q.C.-There are cases sloping into each other, as it were, of every grade and degree, from mild convulsions to violent tetanic spasms. I have published some lectures upon diseases of the brain, and I adhere to the opiniion there expressed that the state of a person suffering from tetanus is identical with that which strychnine is capable of producing. In a pathol9oical point of view, an examnination of the spinal cord shortly after death, in investigating supposed deaths from strychnine, is important. The signs of decomposition, however, could be easilydistinguished from the evidences of disease which existed previously to death; but it would be difficult to distingaish in such a case whether mere softening resulted from decomposition or from pre-existing disease. There is nothing in the postanortem exanination which leads meto think that deceased died from tetanus proper. I think that granules upon the spinal cord, such as I have heard described, would not be likely to cause tetanus. I have not heard of cases treated by Mir. Travers. In animals to which strychnine has been administered I cannot say that I have observed what you call an intolerance of touch; but by touching them the spasms are apt to be excited. That sensibility to touch continues as long as the opera - tion of the poison continues. I have examined the interior of animals that have been killed by strychnine;* but I have not observed in such cases that the righnt side of the heart wac usually full of blood. It is some years since I made such an exanination;- but I am able, nevertheless, to speak positively as to the state of the heart. It was usually empty on both sides. I do not agree with Dr. Taylor, or other authorities, in the opinion that in cases of tetanus aninals died asphyxiated. lf they did, we should invariably have the right side of the heart full of blood, ' which is not the case. I think that the term asphyxiated, or suffocated, is often very loosely used. I know from my reading that morphia sometimes produces convulsions; but I believe that they would be of an epileptic character. I think that the symptoms from morphia would be longer deferred in making their appearance than fromn strychnine but I cannot speak positively on the point. Morphia, like strychnine, is a vegetable poison. I have not observed in animals the jaw fLxed after the administration of strychnine. Re-examinred by the ATToRiNx-GssERlAL.-Whatever may be the true theory as to the emptiness of the heart after strychnine, I should say that the heart is more ordinarily empty than filled after tetanus. I think that the heart would be more contracted after strychnine than in ordinary tetanus. I do not believe that a medical practitioner would have any difficulty in distinguishing between ordinary convulsions and tetanic convulsions. I have heard the evidence of the gentlemen who made the post -ortemn examination, and I apprehend that there was nothing to prevent the discovery of disease in the spinal cord had any existed previously to deatn. Sir Benjamin Brodie, examined by Mr. JxNmIas, Q.C.- I have been for many years senior surgeon to St. George's Hospital, and have had considerable experience as a surgeon. In the course of my practice I have had under my care many i cases of death from tetanus. Death from idiopathic tetanus is, according to my experience, very rare in this country. The ordinary tetanus in this country is traumatic tetanus. I have heard the symptoms which accompanied the death of Mr. Cook, and I am of opinion that so far as there was a general contraction of the muscles they resembled those of traumatic tetanus; but as to the course those symptoms took they were entirely different. I have attended to the detailed description of the attack uffered by hlr. Cook on the Monday night, its ceasing on Tuesday, and its renewal on the Tuesdaynight. Thesymptomsof traumatic tetanus always begin, so far as I have seen, very gradualy, the stiffness Of the lower jaw being, I believe, invariably, the symptom first complained of-at least, so it has been in my experience. The contraction of the muscles of the back is always a later symptom-generaly much later. The muscles of the extremities are affected in a much less degree than those of the neck and trunk, except in some cases where the injury has been in a limb, and an early smnptom has been spasmodic contraction of the muscles of that limb. I do not myself recollect a case of ordinary tetanus in which occurred that contraction in the muscles of the hand which I understand was stated to have taken place in this instance. Again, ordinary tenanus rarely runs its course in less than two or three days, and often is Drotracted to a much longer period. I knew one case only in which the disease was said to have terminated in so short a time as 12 hours; but probablv in that case the early symptoms had been overlooked. Agaim, I never knew the symptoms of ordinary tetanus to last for a few minutes, then subside, and then come on again after 24 hours. I think that these are the principal points of difference which I perceived between the symptoms of ordinary tetanus and those which I have heard described in this case. I have nob witnessed tetanic convulsions from strychnine on animal life. I do not believe that death in the case of Mr. Cook arose from what we ordinarily call tetanus-either idiopathic or traumatic. I never knew tetanus result from sore throat, or from a chancre, or from any other form of syphilitic disease. The symptoms were not the result either of apoplexy or of epilepsy. Perhaps I had better say at once that I never saw a case in which the symptoms that I have heard described here arose from any disease. (Sensation.) When I say that, of course I refer not to particular symptoms, but to the general course which the symptoms took. Cross-examined by Mlr. Serjeant Snws-Ibelieve I remember one case in the physidan's-ward of St. George's Hospital which was shown tome as a case of idiopathic tetanus, but I doubted whether it was tetanus at all. It was a slight case, and I do not remember the narticulars. Considering how rare cases of tetanus are, do you think that the description givenby a chambermaid and by a provincial medical man, who had never seen but one case, is sufficient to enable you to form an opinion as to the nature of the case'-I must say I thought that the description was very clearly given. Supposing that they differed in their description, which would yon rely upon-the medical man or the chamber- I maid? Baron AIDEP.soN.-That is hardly a question to put to a medical witness, although it may be a very proper observation for you to make. Cross-examination continued.-I never knew syphilitic poison produce tetanic convulsions, except in cases where there was disease of the bones of the head. ni Beain B e gave his eviaence with great clearness-lowl,Mraudiby and diesinctly-matters in wlhich other medical witnesses would do well to emulate so distinguished an example.) Dr. Daniell, examined by the ATToRiNKY-GNERsuA.-I was for many years surgeon to the Bristol Hospital, but have been out of practice for some time. In the course of a long practice I should think that I have seen at least 30 cases of tetanus. Two of those were certainly cases of idlio- pasthc tetanus ; one of them terminated fatally, the other i did not. I quite agree with the other medical witnesses that idiopathic tetanus is of very rare ocounrrence in this country. The only difference in the symptoms between I idiopathic and traumatic tetanus that I perceived was, that the former were more modified-not so severe-in their character. I was not able to trace these two cases of idiopathic tetanus to any particular cause. I have heard the desoription given of the symptoms which accompanied the attack upon M[r. Cook before his death, and it appears to me that the circumstances of that attack are assuredly distinguishable from those which came under my experience in dealing with cases of tetanus. The evidence of Sir B. Brodie quite expresses my opinion with resnect to the difference of the symptoms between ordinary tetanus and tetanic convulsions produced by strychnine. Tetanus begins with uneasiness in the lower jaw, followed by spasms of the muscles of the trunk, and most frequently extending to the muscles of the limbs. Lock-jaw is almost invariablya symptom of those cases of tetanus-of traumatic tetanus especially. I do not recollect that clinching of the hands is a usual symptom of ordinary tetanus, nor do I remember any twisting of the foot. I do not believe that any of the cases which came under my eXperiernce endured for a sLorter time than from 30 to 40 hours. I never knew a case of syphilitic sore producing tetanus. The symptoms as they have been described certainlycannotbereferabletoapople-xy orepilepsy. Inever heard of such a thing. In all the cases of tetanus which came under my observation consciousness has been retained to the last, throughout the whole disease. The symptoms have never set in in their full power from the commencement, hnt have invariably commenced in a milder form and have hen gone on increasing, being continuous in theircharacter and without intermission. Inmy judgmentthe symptoms in the case of Mrr. Cook could not be referred either to idiopathic or tratunatic tetanus. Cross-examined bv Mr. Gs:ovE, Q. C.-I have not read Dr. Ciurling's or Di. Copeland's bookls on the subject of tetanus; nor have I of late studied muchthe reportedcases. I am not aware that excitement or iritation from vomiting has ever been given as the cause of tetanus. The main symptoms of tetanus are, in my opinion, always very similar, although the inferior symptoms may vary simply. I cannot undertake to say that the convulsions of tetanus arise from the spine. I do not like the term " asphyxia," but I think that death from tetanic convulsions may probably arise from suffocation. It is many years since r saw a post mortem upon a case of tetanus. I cannot say whether in the case of death from suffocation the heart would be full of blood or the reverse. An examination of the spinal cord or marrow never, so far as I know, afforded evidence of the cause to which the tetanus was to be attributed. Mr. Samuel Solly, surgeon of St. Thomass Hospital, examined by MIr. WELsBsy.-I have been connected with St. Thomas's Hospital as lecturer and surgeon for 28 years, and during that time I have seen miany cases of tetanus. I have had six or seven under my own care, and I may have seen 10 or 15 more. Of those cases it was doubtful in one whether the disease vwas idiopathic ortraumatic-the wound was so slight and the symptoms so obscure that it was difficult to decide -which it was. The others were all decidedly traumatic cases. The shortest period that I recollect during which the disease lasted before it terminated in death was 30 hours. The disease was always progressive in its character. I have heard the description given by the witnesses of Mr. Cook's attacks, and they differ essentially from those cases which I have seen. In my experience of tetanus there has always been a marked expression of countenance as the first symptomL It is a sort of grin, and is so peculiar that having once seen it you can never mistake it. In the symptoms that I heard detailed with regard to Air. Cook there were violent convulsions on MIIonday night, and on the Tuesdav the individual was entirelyfreefromanydiscomfort about the face or jaw; whereas in the cases under my notice the disease was always continuous, and the fixedness of the jaw was the last symptom to disappear. In ny judgient the symptoms detailed in Mr. Cook's case are referable ndther to apoplexy epilepsy, nor to any disease that I have ever witnesie. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant Sim.-The sort of grin which I have describedis known as risus sartdonicus. It is not common to aU convulsions. Epilepsy is a disease of a convulsive character. I heard the account given by Mr. Jones of the last few minutes of Mr. Cook's death-that he uttered a piercing shriek, and died after five or six minutes quietly. That last shriek and the paroxysm which accompained at bear mn some respects a resemblance to epilepsy. All convulsions which may be designated as of an epileptic character are not attended with an utter want of conciousness. Death from tetanus accompanied with convulsions seldom leaves any trace behind it; but death from convulsions arising from epilepsy does leave its trace in the shape of a slight effusion of blood on the brain, and a congestion of the vessels. Re-examined by the ArTTRo?E-Gn sERAL.-TThe convulsions of epilepsy are accompanied by a Xwriety of symptoms. When a patient dies of epilepsyhe diespe; -ectlyunconscious and comatose. I never saw any case of convulsive disease at all like this. There are cases o 'convulsive disease which are similar to tetanus in their onset, but not in their progress. For example, laceration of the brain, a sudden njury to the spil 1 cad, and the irritation fror teethina in infants wP l p- dlco convulsions resulting in death; h ut there woudi e viaiitiiig the marked expression of the face which I have described, and which I have never missed in cases of tetanus. Mr. Henry Lee, surgeon to King's College, and to the Lock Hospital, examined by Mr. BODn .-The Lock Hospital is e.xclusively devoted to cases of a syphilitic character, and at present I see probably as many as 3,000 of those cases in the course of a year. 1 have never known an instance of that disease terminating in tetanus. B) the COURT.-I have never seen or read of a ease either of primary or secondary symptoms resulting in tetanus. 'This witness was not cross-examined. Dr. Henry Corbett, physician, of Glasgow, examined by xr. JTuEs, Q.C.-In September, 1845, Iwas medical clerk at the Glasgow Infirmary, and I remembers patient, namned Agnes Sennett, acias Agnes French, who died there on the 27th of September, 1845. It was stated that she had taken strychnLine pills, which had been prepared for another patient in the ward, and the symptoms which accompanied her death were those of strychnine. The pills were for a paralytic patient. I sawv her when she was under the in. fluence of the poison, and I had seen her the day before that perfectly well. She had been admitted for a skin disease of the head. When I saw her after she had taken the poison she was in bed. The symptoms were these .-There was a strong retraction of the mouth; the face was much suffused and red; the pupils of the eye were dilated; the head was bent back; the spine was curved; and the muscles were rigid and hardlike a boardc; the arms were stretchedout ; the hands were clinched; and there were severe paroxysms recurring every few seconds. She died in about an hour and a-quarter after taking the pills. When I was called first the paroxysms did not last so long; but they increased in severity. A ccording to the prescription there should have been a quarter of a grain of strychmne in each piL, and this woman had taken three. The paralytic patient was to have taken a pill each night, or one each night and morjnin, I forget which. Cross-examined by MRr. Serjeant -SHII.-The retraction of the mouth was continuous, but it was worse at times. I do not think that I observed it after death. The hands were not clinched after death-they were "semi-bent." She died an hour and a-quarter after takiDng the medicine. The symptoms appeared about 20 minutes after. I tried to make her vomit with a feather, but failed. She only vomited partially after I had given her an emetic. Re-examined by the ArToTNEy-GEnqtn.-There was spasmodic action and grinding of the teeth. She could open her mouth and swallow. There was no lock-jaw or ordinary tetanus. By Mr. Serjeant SEsr.-I do not recollect that touching her sent her into paroxysms. Dr. Watson, examined by the ATTornxx-GEN ArL.--I am a surgeon at the Glasgow Infirmary. I remem'ber the case of Agnes Sennett. I was called in about a quarter of an hour after she was taken ill. She was in violent convulsions, and her arms were stretched out and rigid. The muscles of the body were also rigid ; they were kept quiet by rigidity. She did not breathe, the muscles bemg kept still by tetanic rigidity. That paroxysm subsided, and fresh paroxysms came on after a short interval. She died in about half an hour. She seemed perfectly conscious. I don't recollect the state of her hands. Her body was olened. The heart was found distended and stiff. The cavities of the heart were empty. My father published an account of the case. Cross-examined by MLr. GROVE.-The spinal cord was quite healthy. Dr. J. Patterson, examined by M1r. Wn.SBY.-In 1845 I was engaged in the laboratory of the Infirmary at Glasgow. I dispensed the prescriptions. I made up a prescription for a paralytic patient named Mf'Intyre. It consisted of pills which contained strychnine. There were four pills and one grain of strychine in the four. Mr. Baron ALDEaasox.-Was any noise made about their eing taken by a wrongperson 7-Yes. 3fary Kely, examined by Mr. Bo)sxr.-In September, 1845, I was a patient in the Glasgow Infirmary; a paralytic patient was in the same ward, and I attended to her. There was also a patient named French or Sennett who was suffering from a sore head. She died. I was turning a wheel near the paralytic patient on the afternoon of the day Sennett died, for the purpose of applying something to her skin. There were some pis which she was to take near her. The paralytic woman took one andswallowed it according to the orders that had been given, and then handed the box to the girl with the sore head. The girl swallowed two of the pills, and then went and sat by the ward fire. She was taken ill in about threequarters of an hour. She fell back on the floor, and I went for the nurse. We took her to bed and sent for the doctor. We were obliged to cut her clothes off because she never moved. She was like a poker. I was by her side when she died. She never spoke after she fell down. Cross-exanmined by Mr. Serjeant SBxE.-It was threequarters of an hour from the time she took the pills till she was taken to tne bed. Carolne Hicksonexamined byMr.E.J.ss.-InOctber, 188, 1 was nurse and lady's-maid in the family of Mr. Sarjantson Smyth. The family were then residing about two miles from Xomsey. On the 30th of October Mr& Smyth was unwell. We dealt with Mr. Jones, a drggist in Romsey. A prescription had been sent to him to be made up for Mrs. Smyth. The medicine was brought back about 6 in the afternoon. It was a mixture in a bottle. My mistress took about half a wineglass of it the following morning at 5or 10 minutes past 7. Ileft the roomwhen Ihad given it her. Five or ten minutes afterwards I-was alarmed by the ringing of her bell. I went intoher room, and found her out of bed leaning upon a chair, in her night-dress. I thought she had fainted. She appeared to suffer from wbat I thought were spasms. I ran and sent the coachmanfor Mr. Taylor the surgeon, and returned to her, Some of the other servants were there assisting her. She was lying on the floor. She screamed loudly, and her teeth were c}inched. She asked to have her arins and legs held straight. I took hold of her arms and legs, which were very much draiyn up. She stiUl screamed, and w;as in great agony. She requested that water should be thrown over her, and I threw some. Her feet were turned inwards. I put a bottle of hot water to her feet, but that did not reLax them- Shortly before she died she said she felt easier. The last words she uttered were"Tu me over." We did turn her over on the floor. She died a very few minutes after sae had spoken those words. She died very quietly. She was quite conscious, and ;new me during the whole time. About an hour and a-quarter elapsed from the time I gave her the medicine till she died. Cross-examined by Mr. GRovE.-She could not sit up from the time I went up to her till she died. It was when she was in a paroxysm that I endeavoured to straighten her limbs. The effect of cold water was to throw her into a paroxysm. It was a continually recurring attack, lasting about an hour or an hour and a-quarter. Her teeth were clinched during the whole time. Re-examined by the A Tronxx-GaxnA.-The fit came on 5 orlOminutes after I gave her the medicine. She was stiff all the time till within a fewv minutes after death. She was conscious al the while. Mfr. Francis Taylor, examined by Mfr. WirSxy.-I am a surgeon and apothecary at Romsey. I attended Mrs. Sarjantson Smyth in 1S4S. I was summoned to her house one morniug soon after S, and when I arrived I found her dead. The body, was on the floor, near the bed. The hands were very much bent. The feet were contracted and turned inwards. The soles of the feet were hollowed up and the toes contracted, apparently from recent spasmodic action. The inner edge of each foot was turned up. There wvas a remarkable rigidity about the limbs. By Lord CAMPBELL.-The body was warm. Examination continued.-The eyelids were almost adherent to the eyeballs. The druggist who made up the prescription was named Jones. I made a post riortems examination three days after the death. The contraction of the feet continued, but.it had gone off somewvhatfrom the rest of the body. I found no trace of disease in the body. The heart was contracted and perfectly empty, as were all the large arteries leading from it. I analyzed the medicine she had taken with another medical man. It contained a large quantity of strychnine. It originally contained nine grains, and she had taken one-third-three grains. I made a very casual examination of the stomach and bowels, as we had plenty of proof that poison had been taken without making use of tests. Cross-examined by Mr. Sericant SlIEL-In cases of death from ordinary causes the body is much distorted. It does not generally, I should think, remain in the same position after death. If the body is net laid out immediately, is it not stiffened by the rigor- mortis -Frobably it is. The ancles were tied by a bandage to keep them toether. I commenced to open the body at the thorax and abdomen. The head was also opened. Charles Blocksome, examined by Mr. -HuDDLEsTox.-I was apprentice to Ir. Jones, the chymist, at Romsey, in 1S4S. My master made a mistake in preparing a prescription for Mrs. Sumyth. The mistake was the substitution of strychnine for salacite (bark of willow). He destroyed himself afterwards. Jane Witham examined by Mr. E. J_msx.-TI March last I was in attendance uponalady who died. (The learned counsel told the witnessshe had better not mention the lady's name.) She took some medicine. After she took it she became ill. She complained first of her back. lIer head was thrown back, her body stretched out, and I observed twitchings. Her eyes were drawn aside and staring. I put my hand upon her limbs, which did not at all relax. She first complained of being ill inthat way on Monday, the 25th of February, and died or. Saturdav, the Ist -of March. She had attacks on the MUonday, on the Wednesday, on the Thurs. day, on the Friday (a very slight one), and at a-quarterpast S on the Saturday mornimg. She died about 20 minutes to 11 that night. Between th attacks she was composed. She principally complained ofprickingsinthelegs and twitchings m the muscles andin the hanas, whiclishesaid she could cornpare to nothing else than a galvanic shock. She wished her husband to rub her legs and arms. She was dead when Dr. Morley came. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant Slum-On the Saturday night she could not bear to have her legs touched when the spasms were strong upon her. Her limbs were rigidly extended when she asked to be rubbed. That was in the intervals betwveen the spasms. Touching her then brouglit on the spasms. Her body was stiff immediatelyafter death, but I did not stay long in the house. On the Saturday she was sensible from half-an-hour to an hourfrom a quarter past S till after 9. I suppose she was insensible the remainder of the time. She did not speak. Re-examined by Mr. E. Ji.3ns-On the Saturday before she died the symptoms were the same as on the other daysnot more violent. Mr. Morley, examined by Mr. WxLsuY.-I am a surgeon. I attended on the ladv +- "hom the last witness has alluded for about two montfl- bef, re her death. On the Monday before sle died she was in bed apparently comfortable, when I observed (as I stood by her side) several slight convulsive twitchings of her arms. I supposed they arose from hysteria, and ordered medicine in consequence. The I same symptoms were repeated on the following Wednesday orThursday. I saw her on Saturday, the day she died. She was apparently bstter, a-nd quite composed in the middle of the day. She compl,ained of an attack she had had in the night. She spoke of pasin and spasms in the back and neck, and of shocks. I and another medical man weie sent for hastily ontheSaturdaynig'at. We were metby the anmouncement that tle lady was dead. On theiMonday I accompanied another medical -entleman to the post'sortent examination. We found no iease in any part of the body which would account fox death. There was no emaciation, wound, or sore. There was a peculiar expression of anxiety about the countenance. The hands were bent and the fingers curved. The feet were strongly arched. We carefnUy examined the stomach and its contents to see if we could find poison. We applied several tests -nitric acid, chloride of sulphuric acid, bi-chloride of potash in a liquid and also in a solid state. They are the best tests to detect the presence of strychnine. In each case we found appearances characteristic of strychnine. We administered the strychnine taken from the stomach to animals by inoculation. We gave it to a few mice, a few rabbits, and a gdinea pig, having first separated it by chymical analysis. We observed 'in each of the anima,ls more or less of the effects produced by strychnin-enamely, general uneasiness, difficult breathing, convulsions of a tetanic kind, muscular rigidity, arching backwfards of the head and neck, violent stretching out of the legs. These symptoms appeared in some of the animals in four or five minutes, in others in less than an hour. The gainea gig suffered but slightly at first and was left, and found dead the next day. The symptoms were strongly marked in the rabbits. After death there was an interval of flaccidity, after which rigidity commenced, more than if it had been occasioned by the usual sigor mortis. I afterwards made numerous experhnents on animals with exactly similar results, the poison being administered in a fluid form. Cross-examined by Mr. Glovx.-I did not see the patient duringasevereattack. Ihaveobservedinanimalsthatspasms are brought on by touch. That is a very marked symptom. The spasm is like a galvanic shock. The patient was not at all insensible during the time I saw her, and she was able to swallow, but I did not see her during a severe attack. After death we found the lungs very miuch congested. There was a small quantity of bloody serum in the pericardium. The muscles of the whole body were darkand soft. There was a decided qnantityof effusion in the brain. There -was also a quaitity of serum tinged with blood in the membranes of the spinal cord. The membranes of the spinal marrow were congested to a considerable extent. We opened the head first, and there was a good deal of blood flowing out. Part of the blood may have flowed from the heart. That mightpartially emptythe heart, and would mak e it uncertain whether the heart was full or empty at the time of death. I have often examined the hearts of animals poisoned by strychnine. The right side of the heart is generaUy full In some cases I think that the symptoms did not appear for an hour after the administration of the poison. I have made the experiments in conjunction with Mr. Nunneley. We have made experiments upon frogs, but they are different in many respects from warm blooded animals. I have in almost aU cases found the strychnine where it was known to have 'been administered. In one case it was doubtful. We were sare the strychnine had been administered in that case, but we doubted whether it had reached the stomach. There were appearances w;hich might lead one to infer the presence of strychnine, but they were not satisfactory. I have detected strychnine in the stomach nearly twvo months after death, wvhen decomposition has proceeded to a considerable extenst.! Re-examined by the AvTronsEY-GExxun.-From half a graiu to a grain has been administered to cats, rabbits, and dogs. From one to two grains is cquite sufficient to Ill a dog. How does the strychnine act? Is it taken up by the absorbents and carried into the system?-I think it acts upon the nerves, but a part maybetak;en into the blood and act through the blood. We generally examined the stomach of the animals when the poison had been administered internally. Sometimes we examined the sldn. The poison foundian the stomach would be in excess of that absorbed into the system. Are you then of opinion that, a portion of the poison being taken into the system and a portion being left m the stomach, the portion taken into the system would produce tetanic symptoms and death ? Mr. Sergeant SsE objected to a question which suggested a theory. The ArronxmY-GExxn. -hat 0would be the operation of that portion of the ;poison which is taken into the system ?-It would destroy life. M1r. Baron AisnERSOs.-And yet leave an excess in the stomach ?-That is my opinion. The A TO1L-7Y-GsmERA.-Would the excess remaining in the stomach produce no effect?-I am not sure that strychnine could lie in the stomach without acting prejudi- Suppose that a min7sesnu quantity iR administered, w7hich, being absorbed into the system, destroys life, should you expect to find any in the stomach -I should expect sometimes to fail in discovering it. If death resulted from a series of mnimium doses spread over several days, would the appearance of the body be different from that of one whose death had been caused by one dose ?-I should connect the appearance of the body with the final strugle of the last day. Would you expect a different set of phenomena in cues where death had taken place after a brief strulggle, and in cases wfhere the struggle had been protracted .1-Certainly. At the* post srotcew examination of wvhich I have spoken we found fluid blood i n the veins. M1r. Serieant SiEE.-Is it your theory that in the action of poisoning the poison becomes absorbed and ceases to exist as poison ?-I have thought much upon that question, and bave not formeda decided opinior, but I am inclined to think that it is so. Apart may be absorbed and a part remain in the stomach unchanged. Mr Serjeant SiE .-What chymical reason can you give for your opinion that strychnine, after having effected the operation of poisoning, ceases to be strychnine in the blood? -_My opinion rests upon the general principle that} in aCting upon living bodies, organic substances-such as food and medicine-are generally changed in their corposition. Mtr. Scrceant Sni-r-What are the component parts of strychnine II Mr. Baron AnDEP.sS.-You wll find that in any cyclopoedia, brother Shee. Mr. Serjeant SUEE.-ave you any reason to believe that stryNchnine ean be decomposed by any sort of putrefying or fermenting process P Witness.-I doubt whether it cau. Mr. Edward ID. Moore, examined by Mfr. HUDDLESTON'. -About 15 years ago I was in practice as a surgeon, and I attended, with Dr. Chambers, a gentleman nasned Clutterbuck, who -mas suffering fromm paalysis. We had been giving him smaU doses of strychnine whea he went to Brighton. On his return he told us that he had been taking larger doses of strychnine, and we, in consequence, gave him astronger dose. I made np three draughts, containing quarter of a grain each. He took one in my pr.esnce. I remained with him a little time, and left him as he said he, felt quite comfortable. About three-quarters of anhour afterwards I was summoned to imn. I found him stiffened in ever%limb,andtheheaddrawnback. Hewasdesirousthat we should move and tarn him and rub hin. We tried to give hm nammonia in a spoon, and he snapped at the spoon. Re was suffering, I should sav, more than three hours. Sedatives wele given him. He survived the attack. He 'Was conscious all the time. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeaut SH"--The spasms ceased in about three hours, but the rigidity of the muscles remained till the next day. His hands and feet at first were drawn back, and he was much easier when we clinched them forwards. His paralysis was better after the attack. RIe-examined by the ATTom\Y-GENERx----Strychnine stimulates the nerves which act upon the voluntary muscles, and, therefore, acts beneficiaUy in cases of paralysis. The ATroRNEY-GzN-ERAL intimated that the next witness to be caled was Dr. Taylor, and, as it was a-quarter after 5, the trial was adjourned until Monday (this d) at 10 o'clock. lord C_aiPsELi,, before the jury left the box, exhortea them not to form any opinion upon the case until they had heard both sides. They should even abstain from conversing about it among themselves. MIr. Serjeant SHEE said that medical witnesses ivould be called for the defence. - His LOPMSnn also expressed a hope that, if the jury were taken out upon the following day (Sunday), theywouldnotbe allowed to go to any place of public resort, and mentioned an instance in which a jury, under similar circumstances, had been conducted to Epping Forest. The Court then rose, and the jury were conveyed to the London Coffeehouse.
RUGBY AND THE WiAR. TO THE EDITOR OF TBE TIMES. Sir,-With the exception of Eton and the Military Colleges, probably no school has sent so many brave officers into the Eastern Army as Rugby, and I send you a list of those who have obtained medals and clasps for their services in the Crimea. A window of painted glass is to bO placed in the School Chapel to the memory of the 26 gallant Rugbeians who have fallen in action, or who have died from iUlness brought on by the hardships of the campaign-.- HL W. Adams, C.E., Major-General; the Alma, Sebastopol; died of wounds reoeived at ilkernann. Sir William Eyre, IKC.B., Lieutenant-General Coimmanding 3d Division of Eastern Army ; the Alma, Inkermann - wounded in the attack on the Redan, June 18. Hor. Shirley, C.B., Brigadier-General, Lieutenant-Colonel 8Sth Foot; the Alma, Inkermann, Sebastopol-attack on the Quarries, June 7. J. Gunter, Cornet 1st Dragoon Guards ; Crimean canmpaign, 1855. R. Gunter, Captain 4th RoyalIrish. Dragoon Guards; Crimean campaign, 1854. W. T. Prentice, Captain 2d (Royal North British) Dragoons; Crimean. campaign, 1S5-L S. T. Williams, Captain 2d Royal lorth British Dragoons; Heavy Cavalry charge at Balaklava; died shortly afterwards at Constantinople. R. R. Glynn, Lieutenant Eth (Royal Irish) Dragoons4 now Captain Rifle Brigade; the Alma, Light Cavalry charge at Balaklava, Inl-ermann, siege of Sebastopol. E. Tomidnson, Captain 8th (Royal Irish) Dragoons; the Alma, Light Cavalry charge at Balaklava, iixermann, Sebastopol. G. C,. Clowes, Lieutenant 8th (Royal Irish) Dagoons ; the Alma, Balaklava, where he war wounded an4taken prisoner. G. I. Goad, Lieutenantl3th ighEt Dragoons;- the Alma, Balalklava. J. P. Winter, Captain 17th Lancers; the Alma; Idlled in action at l3aiaklava. J. H. Thompson, Lieutenant 17th Lancers; Alma; kIdlled in action at Balakdava. A. Clevland, Cornet 1 7th Lancers; the Alma, Balaava; died of wounds received at Inkermann. H. H. Barber, Captain 17th Lancers; Crimean campaign 1855. Sir James Fergusson, Bart., M.P., Captain Grenadier Guards; Alma, Sebastopol, wounded at Inkerman. Hon. P. R. B. Feilding, Lieutenant-Colonel, Coldstream Guards; the Alma, Sebastopol; severely wounded at Inkermann. R. H. Lord Bingham, Major, Coldstream Guardsaido-de-camp to Lord Lucan; at the Alma, Balaklava. and Inkernann. Hon. W. C. W. Coke, Captain Scots Fusileer Guards; siege of Sebastopol; wounded in the trenches August, 1855. H. W. Turner, Captain lst Royals; the Alma, Inkermann, siege of Sebastopol; died at Sebastopol. T. J. Gregory, Captain ast Royals ; siege of Sebastopol, attack on the Malakhoff Tower, 1855. C. Hurt, Captainlst Royals- the Alma, Inkermann, siege of SebastopoL C. H. Proby, Lieutenant, 1st Royals ; siege of Sebastopol; died at Malta 1855. F. W. Gore, Captain 3d Regiment; siege of Sebastopol, 1S55. L. Sidebotham, Captain 3d Buffs; siege of Sebastopol, 1855. Id R. Dowbi-inn Major 4th ¢legiment ; siege of Sebastopol, 1S54-5. 15'H Rose, Major 7th Regiment; the Alma, Sebastopol; severely wounlded at lukermann. J. D. Bradley, Lieutenant 14th Regiment ; siege of Sebastopol, 1855. Thomas Unett, C.B., Colonel, Lieutenant-Colonel, 19th Regiment ; the Alma, Inkermann; died of wounds received at the storming of Sebastopol September S. M. Molesworth, Lieutenant 19th Regiment; siege of Sebastopol; severely wounded at the storming September S. AV. J. Leoh, Captain 23d Regiment; Balaklava, Sebastopol, Lakermann. A. W. W. Wynne, Captain 23d R yal Welsh Fnsileers - killed at Alma. F. P. R. D. Radcliffe, Lieutenant 23d Regiment; killed at the Alma. W. H. Pool, Captain 23d Regiment, the Alma and Inkernia=n; died of wounds received at the storming of Sebastopol, September S. William Owen, Lieutenant 23d Regiment; died of wounds received in the trenches at Sebastopol, June 29, 1855. H. D. Torrens, Captain 23d Regiment; the Alma, Sebastopol,l3wounded at Inkermann. J. Duff, Catain 23d Regiment;* siege of Sebstopol; *taken prsoner at lnkermann. F. Id. Hall Dare, Lieutenant 23d Regiment- siege of Sebastopol, severely wounded at the storming, September 8. F. Adams, C.B., Lieutenant-Colonel 2ith Regiment: the Alma", Inkerman, siege of Sebastopol, attack on the Redan, June8. E. G. Hallewell, LieutenantColonel, formerly Major 28th Regiment; the Alma, Balaklava, Inkernan, June 18. R. H. Lindsell, Major 28th Regeat; Alma, Inkermann, siege of Sebastopcl. W. H. Robertson, Captain 50th Regiment; siege of Sebastopol. G. Bayley, Lieutenant 31st Regiment ;s iege of SebastopoL J. R. Carr, Captain S3d Regiment; Alma, Inkermann, Sebastopol. J. J. Greenwood, Lieutenant 33d Regimennt; severely wonnded at the Alma L. R. Heyland, LieuAtenant 33d Regiment; died of wounds received at the Mlalakoff Tower, June 18. A. Brooksbank, Captain 33h Regiment; Sehastopol, attackl on Malakhoff Tower, June 18. C. Miligan, Captain S9th Regiment; siege of Sebastopol. R. E. Carr, Captain 39th Regiment; siege of SebastopoL H. S. Bushe, Captain 41stRegiment; Alma, Sehastopol; severely wounded at Lnkermann. G. P. Fitzroy, Lieutenant 41st Regiment, now Captain in the Coldstrearn Guards;* thez Alma, Sebastopol;- severely wounded at Lnkermann. B. S. Hoskyns, Captain44th Begiment; Alma, SebastopoL H. Lawson, Lieutenant 46th "egiment; sie"e of Sebastopol. J. C. Irby, Lieutenant 47th Re,imAent; AIa, Inkiermaun; severelywounded in the attacl; on the Mamelon Tower, June 7. R. E. 0. Colthur t, Captin 4Sth Regiment; siege of Sebastopol, 185. P. B. Porlden, Ensin 5th Regiment - siege of Sebastopol, 1855. A. G. Dickson, Captain 62d iLegiment, now Captain 8th Hnssars; siegs o Sebastopol, 1855; the Quarries,JuneS *attackontheRedan, June 18. A. U. Wombwell, Captain 62d Regiment, nov Captain 12th Lancers; siege of Sebastopol 185-5; attack on the Quarries, June 7. L. Blakiston, Lieutenant 62d Regiment; Sebastonol, 1854- Idlledin the attack on the Redan, Sept. S. W.B1. Davenport, Lieutenant, 62d Regiment; Sebastopol; severely wounded at the Redan, Sept. S. C. Sawyer, Lieutenant 62d Regiment; siege of SebastopoL G. C. W. Curtois, Captain 63a Eiment; Selas. topol; killed at the battle of Inkermaun. 1h. P. F. Vicars, Lieutenant 68th mcin ent;* siege of Sebastopol. J. ;dar_ shall, Lieutenant 68th Regiment- the Alma, Sebastopol, Inkermaun; killed in the attack on the 31amelon Tower, June 7. lon. H. Harborde, Lieutenant, 71st ZRegimnent; siege of Sebastopol, 185 C. H. S. Scott. ieutenant 7nSt Regiment; siege of SebastopoL J. C. H. P. CaLen, Lieutenant 71st Regiment; siegn of Sebastol. . D. Buchanan, Captain 72d Regiment-Sebastopol, attack on Maakhoff Tower, June 18. W. 31 C. Acton, Captain 77th Regiment; Alma, Inkermann, Siege of Sebastopol. E. Nortoni, Major 88th Regiment; siege of Sebastopol; died in the Crimea. E. Corbet, Captain 88th Regiment ; siege of Sebastopol; killed on the th of June in an attack on the Quarries. J. Longfield, Lieutenant 89thRegiment; siege of Sebastopol ; died in the Crimea. HI. IL Crealock, Captain 90tlxRegiment; siege of Sebastopol; repulse of sortie, December 20; highly distinguislhed at the storming, September S. J. C. Rattray, Captain 90th Regiment; -ie-ge of Sebastopol- severely wounded at the storming, September S. L.1l L. Irby, Lieutenant 90th Regiment ; siege of Sebastopol. H. H. Goodrich, Lieutenant 90th Regiment; siege of Sebastopol; severely wounded at the storming, September . R. I. Banner, ILMajor. 93d Highlanders; the = Led shortly afterwards at Balaklava. J. Weemyss, Lieutenant 93d Regiment; tbe Ahna, Balaklava. siege of Sebastopol; died in the Bosphorns. T. 0. 'V. Ingram, LieutenantColonel 97th Regiment ; siege of Sebastopol, 1854-5. R. C. Goodenough, Lientenant 97th Regiment; siege of Sebastopol; died of woundi reeeived at the assault of the Malakhoff Tower. R. Borough, Lieutenant, Rifle Brigace, wounded at Sebastopol, September 8th4 died shortly afterwards. C. A. P. Boileau, Lieutenant rifle Brigade, siege of Sebastopol; died at Malta of wounds received on the 18th of June at the assault of the Mialakholr Tower. C. J. Gibb, Captain Royal Engineers, siege of Sebastopol, 1854-5. R. C. Longley, Lieutenant Royal Artillery, Alma, Balaklava, Sebastopol, Inkermann. J. W. J. Dawson, Lieutenant Royal Artillery, died of wounds received at an explosion of artillery. J. C. Dalrymple Hay, Captain Her Majesty's steamship Hannibal, 91 guns, engaged in blockading the harbour of Sebastopol, and in the exipedition too theSea - of Azoff of 1855; H. C. Glynn, Commander, ltN., ftormerly Lieutenant of Her MIajesty's ship Britaunia,120 guns, engaged at Hustchuk, awith the Naval Brigade, and in the attack Qa e of Sebstopol, October 17. Itelma,n- Sir. vour obedient servant, - AN OLDl ±CUiISIWAXN. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of two 51. Bank of England notes for tbAe L payment of arrears of income-tax from " A. -B,"
- FOREIGN INYTELLIGEBCE. FRANCE. (FEOM OUi. OWN CORRESPONDENT.) [no folIowing appeared in our second edition of Sa, -_7 PARIS, FRIDAY, WAY 16, 6 P.SI. Nothing can exceed the satisfaction of Count B3uol at the conclusion of the Treaty of the 15th of April -the Traite a trois-except it be the anger of the Russian Embassy at Vienna and the partisans of Russia, who are not few in number. Count Buol is proud of his work; it is his glory and his boast, as it proves that those were in error who believed that the conclusion of the Paris Conferences left Austria isolated fiom the West, and still more alienated from the North. TheRussians, as I have said, are asfurious at Vienna as at Pauis. Count Orloff heard first of the treaty the night before it was presented to the English Parliament, and I have heard some persons aver that he actually gave orders to pack up his trunks, with the intention of quitting this too seductive and too deceitful city. Wffhy he changed his mind, and -why he still lingers amid its faccinations, I cannot tell. From no Russian mouth do you hear any phrases more mild, as applied to Austria, than rite ingratitude and coitsmumnate perfid1y, and the comnplicity of England and France is unnoticed in the huger delinquency of our soidieant ally. If ever the opportunity serve, Austria will pay sorely for this act. MI. de Buol, as I have observed, takes no rains to conceal his joy at this diplomatic victory. Vut this exultation contrasts with the manner in which at Vienna he tries to explain that, after all, the Treaty of the 15th is nothing more than a natural and necessary consequence of the treaty of the 2d of December. There was no anachronism in the treatY of the 2d of December: we were then at w'ar with Russia. We are now at peace, and why a hostile and menacing treatyshould be continued iunder sucll circumstances is difficuilt to understand. On the other hanid, if the Treaty of the 15th of April be nothing more than the logical consequence, or realization, as it were, of that of the 2d of December, it ought not to excite the astonishment or the resentment of Russia, nor should it be the cause of any particular joy on the part of the Austrian Minister. "With Russia he speaks of it as a matter of the most ordinary kind; w ith others, you may depend upon it, he describes it in a different mlanner. Cotunt Buol, I pres-ume, knowvs the obligations that treaty imposes on him. It is an alliance with England and Frace, and it is no secret that England and France sympathize with Italy, and believe that something must be done there too, as vell as in Turkev. It is a fair question to ask-Can an alliance wNith those Powers coexist with an odious administration in the Roman States and Naples, or with the Austrian occupation of the Legations and Parma? The secret treaty I have more than once alluded to is still much spoken of; but whether it has reference to Italy or to Turkey no one can tell. Prince Oscar, second son of the King of Sweden, ariTves in Paris on MIonday next. There is no truith in what has been said about a marriage with the Princess Mary of Cambridge,and no steps have been taken with reference to it. The views are in another direction, perhaps, but what those views are I must not say for the present. General Edgar Ney arrived at St. Petersburg the day before yesterday (the 14th). The Senators met to-day, in their standing committees, to deliberate on a proposition deposited on the by one of their colleagues, relative to the erection of a pillar in honour of the army of the East on the Boulevard Sebastopol, near the bridge St. 3Iichael. The proposition will, no doubt, be taken into consideration. The Grand Duke Ferdinand Mlaximilian arrived in Paris yesterday evening at 6 o'clock by the Strasburg RlaiLtway. Prince 'Napoleon received his Imperial Highness at the terminus, and accompanied him to St. Cloud.' With the Grand Duke returned Baron de Hubner, the Austrian Ambassador, the Duke de Tarente, one of the Chamberlains of the Emperor, and the Duke de Cadore, orderly officer to the Emperor, who vill be attached to his Imperial Highness diuing his stay in France. A battalion of theVoltigeurs of the Guardand abattalionof infantly of the line were drawn up within the court of the station, and paid the usual military honoius. Several of the Coiut carriages were in waiting. The cortege, escorted by a detachment of the Guides, passed along the Boulevards and up the Champs Elysees. On reaching the Palace of St. Cloud the Archduke was received bv the Duke de Cambaceres, Grand Mlaster of the Ceremonies, and the Duke de B_ssano, Grand Chamberlain. The Emperor met his illustrious visitor at the head of the grand staircase, and led him to the saloon, where the Ekmpress awaited his arrival. His Imperial Highness is accompanied in his visit by General Count de Llensdorf`-Pouilly, his Grand Master; Captain Count Bela de Hadik, Chamberlain to the Emperor of AustriaL M. de Copmans, of the Austrian navy, orderly officer to his Imperial Higihness; Baron de Pont, Aulic Secretary; M. Scherzenlechner, his private secretary; and Dr. Trogher, his physician. The late promotion of Baron de Hubner and Baron de Bourqueney to the rank of Ambassador leads, says the Constitirtiomiele, to the question of the differences of prerogative appertaining to these high dignities. The prerogative of the Anibassador consists in representing more particularly the person of the MIonarch who despatches him, while the other diplomatic agent represents the Government in general. The immediate consequence of this distinction is, that the Ambassador has the right of treating in person with the Sovereign to whom he is accredited, while Mlinisters Plenipotentiary treat through the Minister of Foreign Affairs. In like manner, the reciprocal appointment of Ambassadorshas'been alwaYs considered in diplomacy as the proof of most friendly intercourse between their respective Couts. Since the political events of 1848 the Court of Vienna had pronounced the suppression of the rank of Ambassador from among its diplomatic agents. Even at present she has made an exception only in favour of her representative at the Court of the Tuileries; so that Baron de Hubner is the only Ambassador maintained by Austria. The receipts of the Orleans Railway during the week ended on the 5th inst. were 883,459f., or 33,376f. less than the corresponding week of 1855. The gross receipts since the 1st of January amoLnted to 16,100,084f., being a difference in favour of 1856 of 1,183,884f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 75f. 45c. for the end of the month; and the New Loan at 75f. 75c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,440f.; Great Northern, 1,1,5f.; Strasburg, 995f.; New Shares, 915f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,475f.; Lyons to the MIediterranean, 1,700f.; Western of France, 960f.; Bordeaui and Cette, 815f.; Great Central of France, 7GOf.; Lyons and Geneva, 815f.; Bank of Cridit Mobilier, 1,920f. ; Austrian Railways, 947f. 50c. Cours Authcntioue.-PAPjs, May 16.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 94f. 25c.; Three per Cents., 75f. 10c. 20c. 2.5c.; ditto, second Loan of 1855 (55 per cent. aid), 75£ 2.5c. ; ditto, Certificates (55 per cent. paid) 75f. '5c.; Bmnk of France, 4,000f.; Cr6ditFoncier, 695f. 700f. ex div.; ditto, Obligations of 50f., FourperCents.,4355f.; ditto, Three perCents., 400f. ; Prom. Obligations of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 930f.; Credit Mobilier, 1,960f. 1,922f. 50c. ,92.5f. 1,930f. 1,940!. 1,950E. 1,920£.; Discount Bank, 700f. 697f'. 50c.; Romans, 93 922 A; Spanmsh Passives, 7,; ditto brec per Cents., 45 ; ditto InteAior Debt, 414 0. Exchange on Iondon, at sight, maoney, 2.5f. 374c.; three months, money, 251't AUSTRIA. (FRO3M OU.P. OW CORREPONDENT.) UE2NNA, MLty 13. The note which the Sardinian Plenipotentiaries not long since addlressed to the Earl of Clarendon and CoLmt Waleuski has produced a most unpleasant impression both on the Austrian Government and onl the military authorities in the LombardoVenetian kingdom. The fierce attacks wrhich the Sardinian 'Minister-President has recently made on Austria have caused a great feriment in NYorthern and Central Italy; but still MTarshal Radet7zky and his generails do niot apprehlend that there will be any outbreak in the Austro-Italian provinces. The news received in this city from Parma is yery scanty, but assassination is as freoquent now as it was before the duchy wias declared to be in a state of siege. The fact is thatthe Italians, seeing no chance of any improvement in their political position, have become desperate, and set a singularly low value either on their own lives or on the lives of others. It is credibly stated that the French and Austrian Govermnents have agreed to prolong the occupation of the Papal dominions, but it is an umdeniable fact that the two great Catholic Powers have frankly stated to the Papal Government that things cannot be allowed to remain in their present state. Count Colloredo, the newly-appointed Aiistrian Ambassador, will strongly insist on reforms being made, and the French Minister has been ordered to give him his full support. Some of the German papers have during the last few days learnt from their Vienna correspondents that the Archduke Ferdinand Max has received instructions from his Imperial brother to inform the Emperor Napoleon that he consents to the removal of the mortal remains of the Duke de Reichatadt to Paris, but the statement is devoid of all foundation. Somewhat more than a year since M. de Bourqueney endeavoured to obtain permission to remove the body of the deceased Prince from the vaults of the Capucins, but he failed, and there is every reason to believe that the snbject has never since been brought forward by the French Government. By order of the late Emperor Francis his grandson was buried 'with the other members of the Imperial family, and the present M,onarch has far too great a respect for the memory of his ancestor ever to think of acting in opposition to his expressed will. As has aleady been said, the Austrian Government earnestly w ishes to improve its relations with IP'ance,anld it was thought that the highest compliment which could be paid to the Emperor Napoleon was to send the Archduke Ferdinand Max to visit him. It is uncertain whether the youthful Prince -will remain in France until the christening is over, but he wilu probably do so if it is not too long postponed. This being -Whitsuntide, the conferences are for the moment interrupted; but the prolonged absence of tho bishops from their sees will be of the less importance, as the inferior clergy have already received instructions how to act towards non-Catholics in all matters connected with matrimony and burial. You have repeatedly heard from me that the question of "mixed marriages" will not be settled to the satisfaction of the people, and the subjoined extracts from instructions which have been given to the Ecclesiastical Courts of the empire will serve to show that youi have not been misinformed:- " Paragraph 22.-If non-Catholic Christians are of opinion that the matrimonial tie can be severed, the Church may pity them, but she cannot permit their erroneous belief to contaminate the sanctity of her law (ut a ror- lqgps sUim sanClitiaten contarninct). No matrimonial tie can be formed between a Catholic and a non-Catholic Christian whose husband or wife is alive, even though the Court which has to decide in matters connected with the marriages of nonCatholics shall have pronounced the dissolution of the matrimonial tie. "Paragraph 6G.-Tho Church abhors (Ecdesia detestatu7r) marriages between Christians and those who have renounced Christianity, and she disapproves (improbal) of marriages between Catholic and non-Catholic Christians, and dissuades (dehortativr) her children from entering into them." It appears to me that the next paragraph more nearly explains what " deho,tar-i" means in clerical Latin:- " Paragraph 67.-If there is reason to suspect that there is any impediment in the way of persons wishing to marry, or if there is reason to fear that their marriage would lead to great disputes or give public offence (nuptias wagnis litibus tel scanclalis), or be the cause of mischief to others, the Bishops have the right, and are even under the obligation, to proMibit the celebration of the marriage. Until the prohibition has been removed the celebration of the man-iage ias illegal (Widctuem.)" In the 26tlh paragraph it is said that persons who are within the fourth or a still, nearer degree of relationship, "whether in a direct or in a side line," cannot enter into a matrimonial engagement; but this is either a mistake, His Holiness having just given his consent to a marriage between umcle and niece, or the Roman Church has one law for the " somebodies" and another for the "nobodies." A very well-informed correspondent of the Augsbturg Gazette, who writes from the frontiers of Lombardy, drawrs a gloomy picture of the state of things in Central Ttaly, and remarks, that some time before his death Prince FelixSchwarzenberg remonstrated strongly with the Papal Government, and advis6d it to make internal reforms. In MsIodena, where the people had always enjoyed the privilege of electing their own burgomasters, new municipal laws have been published, and in future the civic dignitarieswill be appointed by the Sovereign. A new police ordinance, directed against swearing, is also likely to make its appearance. A person swearing by the Holy Virgin is to be fined 50 scudi, and by any other saint 25 scudi. An oath into which the name of the Most High is introduced is to be considered a crime, and putished accordingly. It pains me to state that there has never been so much irreverent and even blasphemous conversation among the lower classes in Vienna as since the dogma of the Immaculate Conception has been introduced and the nation placed at the foot of His Holiness the Pope. Lombardo-Venetian Railroad shares were in demand to-day at 35 per cent.; Vienna-Salzburg, at 16 per cent.; and the Theiss Railroad at 8& per cent. premium. RUSSIA. (FROM OUR BnRImT COnEPODMU-T.) B3ERLIN!, MAY 1D. According to a notice recently issued from the Mlinistry of Foreign Affairs, the Swedish Consuls resident in Marseilles, Toulon, and Havre will undertake the functions of Russian Consuls until the Government is able to complete its appointments of Russian Consuls at those places. Orders have been already issuied that all papers issued by the above shall be regarded in all Russian Custom-houses and other offices as though issued or signed by Russian officials. In spite of this apparent good state of feeling existing between Russia and Sweden, it is worth while to notice that another " scientific" expedition is about to be sent off from Helsingfors to Lappmarken, that part of the territory of Lapland which forms just nowthe bone of contention between Sweden and Russia. The funds for this trip are said to have been allotted to the University of Helsingfors for some time. The expedition is to be conducted by Coumcillor Nordmann, who will be accompanied by several young naturalists. It will be dviided into two parts, one of which will take its course to the White Sea, the other to the Varanger Fiord. Tnere is also a talk of sending an antiquarian expedition into the same regions. The cholera appears to be showing itself again in St. Petersburg. The daily mortality has risen of late from two or three to as many as 21. The number of deaths that have already taken place in the present outbreak is 304. Advices from Tiflis mention the ,ourney of inspection lately undertaken by General Mouravieff; he set out onl the 15th of April, and proceeded from Tiflia by way of Gartiskar, Passanaur, the forthess of Georgiewsk, Kiasbah, Lars, and Ekaterinodar, to S'avropol, where lie was joined by General CJhruleff. Thence he proceeded to the district occupied by the Cossacks of the Black Sea. On his judgment and report it depends whether any and what forts. on the north-east coast of the Black Sea shall be rebuilt; it is believed that the decision will be unfavourable to the re-erection of the majority, more particularly of Anapa; it issaid that its want of any supply of water makes it totally untenable as a place of defence, and that it will certainly not be reerected. The prisoners of war who had been confined in the GreatRussian provinces have already commenced their march to Odessa. The head-quarters of the second army is for the present to remain at Simpheropol; as soon as the Crimea has been entirely evacuated by the_allied troops General Lulders will repair thither. It is no longer allowed to offer house property in Reni, Ismail, Sebastopol, or Kertch as security in any money transactions, and of houses situate in Theodosia, Taganrog, andBerdiansk onlythose that have been undamaged in the war. The wvidow of the late Marshal Paskiewitsch died here last Monday, only surviving her deceased husband by a few months. Although she was staying here for the piupose of consulting the celebrated oculist Graefe, her death is attributable to other causes, entirely unconnected with any affection of the head or brain, and appears to have been brought on by an almost dissolution of the digestive oraans. Her son, Prince reodor Paskiewitsch, did not armive until his mother had already departed this life some hours. The King (of Prussia) wvill set off to-morrow by the Stettin Railway, to meet his sister, the Empress of Russia, at the Prussian frontier. The Empress will be accompanied by the Grand Duke Michael. ROYAL COLLEGE oF Surtozoxs.-The following gentlemen, having undergone the necessary examinations for the diploma, were admitted members of the College at the meeting of the Court of Examiners on the 16th inst.:- 31essrs. George Williamson Daniell, Blandford, Dorset; Sylvester Rutherford Skinner, lleadcorn, Kent; Edwvard rancis Weston, Wellington, Shropshire; Edvward Bachelor Terry, Wittersham, Kent; Thomas Sharkey. Rscommon, Ireland;- George Charles Bauchier, REathkeale, county of LImericic; Richard Jones, Carnarvon, North Wales; James Hunt Condan, Rathikeale county of Limerick, and Elisha. Hodkinson B,olers, Wigan.
THE DUCHY OF PARMA. (}03o 4A CORMSPONDENT.) PARMA, MAY S. As the condition of the Duchy of Parma at the present moment is a point of more than usual interest, I have procured for you the following information, upon the correctness of which you may rely:- The attempt made in March last to assassinate MI. Bordi, the ex-auditor of the Council of WYar, who, after the insurrectionary movement of the 22d of July, 1854, had sentenced different individuals to death, is the apparent cause which hashanded. over Parma to the good pleasure of the Austrian General, Count de CrenneviUe. I say the apparent cause, because, in reality, the general belief is that Count de CrenneviUe, having represented to the Duchess that the Revolutionary party intended mischief, supported, he said, secretly by Piedmont, with a view to deprive her of the throne, obtained the promise from her that the state of siege should be placed entirely in his control when circumstances should advise such a measure. The Duchess, it is said, gave a reluctant consent; but the injunctions from Vienna did not admit of any opposition. It is quite evident that Austria's object hereby was to counteract any other external influence, especially any that might be exercised byPiedmont. The Austrian garrison at Parma is 1,000 strong, exclusive of the Staff. This is more than enough to keep the town of Paxma in awe. At all events, Plaisance, with its garrison of 3,000 men, is within a fewv hours' distance, should reinforcements be required. The chief guard and the fortress are occupied by Austrian troops. The Ducal Palace, the town-gates, and the other posts are guarded alternately by Austrian and Parmesan soldiers. The state of siege is excessively rigorous and annoying to the inhabitants. After 10 at night Austrian patrols arrest every man they meet in the streets. Mlore than 200 have beenthus arrested.WFords can scarcely describe with what indignity these persons, -who are orly arrested on suspicion, are treated in the prisons where they are shut up indiscriminately. Sometimes 20 days elapse before they are examined, wlhen most of them against whom nothing can be proved are set at liberty. The prisons in which political offenders are locked up are guarded by Austrians, and in reply to the request of some of these unfortunate innocent men to be allowed to purchase some better food, the Austrian gaoler replied that "prison fare was quite good enough for them." The persons arrested belong cniefly to the working classes. 'When one of them is arrested the shop in which he works is also immediately shut up, and thus whole famnilies are punished on a simple ground of suspicion against an individual member, and, should any kind-hearted. friend. offer relief, he is immediately arrested and thrown into prison for having shown sympathy for a suspected person. The arrest of 50 young men who have been sent off under an escort to AMantua has aroused public indignation to an extraordinary pitch. The Austrian authorities themselves own that the only cause of their axrest was that thley were known to entertain political principles not fuUly conformable to those entertained by the Government of Farmna. The Austrian General said that they would not be brought to trial, but simply be locked up in the fortress of Mantua until theyhadgiven evidenit proofs of areturn to better sentimentstor-ardstheir legitimateGovernment. Some of these unfortunate young men were arrested by mistake, and, on a representation to this effect being made, the Austlian General replied that he was sorry for it, but he could not release them, as it would be dangerous to admit that the authorities could commit an error. Count de Crenneville has allowed the Duchess to institute a Council of War, composed of Parmesan officers, for the trial of the persons arrested. This condescension on the part of the Austrian General is, however, easily explained. He wishes to throw the opprobrimm of the sentences upon the Government of Farma, and to turn popular indignation in that direction. ilis influence will not be felt one whit the less in the Council, the auditor of which is an Austrian who alone is intrusted with the prosecution, who alone visits the prisons, questions the prisoners, and thus curtails the free action of the Council. In a word, the Duchess only appears to reign in Parma; the whole power is in the hands of the Austrian GeneraL This state of affairs is not, however, the result of a couip de main on the part of Austria, but of a well-concerted plan of long preparation, the object of which is to maLe the Austrian occupation permanent in every part of the Duchy. This plan is seemingly justified by stipulations imposed by Austria upon the Dukes of Farina and of Modena. By a secret convention concluded at Milan in 1847 between those Princes and Austria this latter Power engagedherself to give them troops and support whenever they might think fit to ask for them, on the condition, mnoreover, that no application had been made elsewvhere. BJy another clause Austria reserved to herself the right of a military occupation of the Duchies in their full extent whenever she might deem it necessary for her political objects. In the first case the cost of the occupation would be exclusively at the charge of the Prince who invoked the aid, in the second at the charge of Austria. On the strength of this convention Austria fancies that she has always the right of making use of the territory of the Duchies as of a territory belonging to her; and the Dukes are hencefortn nothing more than governors of their own States. As this convention seems to have been a free act on the part of the Dukes of Parina and of Modena, it would seem that Europe has nothing to object to the occupation. Bat it may be asked whether this measuire is not an open violation of the stipulations of the treaties of Vienna, as concerns the balance of political power in Italy.
CBEORNRE GABDENS. Easter Monday is the day on which the beauties-natural and artificial-of these gardens first bud forth to the public, but Whitsuntide is the season of full flower. Then does the circus, which during the previous seven weeks has stood as desolate as some ruined amphitheatre amid the gaieties of a modern carnival, become replete with life ; then do novelties in the way of permanent decoration show themselvesin divers parts of the ground; then, in a word, does the " Cremorne season" begin. This year, although we have had rather a grim Whitsuntide, as far as the weather is concerned, Mr. Simpson's spirit has been manifest as usual, suffering in nowise from the state of the atmosphere. The Almanac tells him that the period for outdoor festivities has arrived, and on that permanent guide he relies, not to be deterred from his purpose by such proverbially uncertain nionitors as showvers and clouds. On one side of the gardens, hitherto occupied by trees only, rises a new place of refreshment in the form of a Swisschalet; anda Swiss landscap)e, from the pencil of 3r. Jones, who has so often distinguished himself by painting against that portion of the sky that overhangs the Surrey Zoological-gardens, gives additional i'aiscsb1aacc to the gabled edifice, behind which it towers with all its varieties of mountain, plain, and water, church, cottage, and cattle. Turning his back on thispeaceful retreat, the visitor finds a rnediaeval castle of the time of HIenry V. frowningin his facewith all the defiance of canvass masonry. Thenrthe circus is re-opened with singular clat, a lady named Ducrow-a descendant, we believe, of the famed equestrian chieftain whoreignedoverAstley's 20 years ago-being one of the principal riders, and atonishing all beholders with feats of the hautse ecole, terminating with a series of leaps over a succession of obstacles. The ballet, too, composed by some patriot whlo wishes to celebrate the. blessings of peace, is entirely new, jand with the pretty scenery, which, indeed, is always a great point at Cremorne, looks as bright and sparklin" as possible. The contrast between good and evil princiTes symbolized by this ballet allows mirth to be intermingled with calm meditation. Virtue is represented by sene graceful danseuses who float languishingly through. their evolutions; vice is persoufied by abrace of fiends, who achieve all sorts of clever contortions. That the " monstre platform," with the orchestra in the middle, stands where it always stood need scarcely be recorded, for what were Cre. morne without its " monstre platform '" Great preparations are made for still further displays and Whitsuntide itself is to be outshone in the month of June. A large edifice, 300 feet in length, is now erecting along the Ashburnham grounds, for the purpose of display. ing a huge collection of American plants, a growing in beds, so as to form a garden nder cover. . s .
TEAE AImS.-Sou Tox, May 17.-The Roya Alail steamiship Atrato, Captain Wooiley, sailed this after. noon with the fortnightly West India and Pacific mails, 57 pas-sengers, 10,0001. in specie, 4,0001. value in jewelry, and a full cargo. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Madrid, Captain Bradshaw, also sailed this aftcr. noon with the mails for Vigo, Oporto, Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibraltar, 20 passengers, 18,8431. in specie, of wl3ich 18,631 is for Cadiz, and the remainderfor Lisbon, and a full general cargo. The Indus, Captain Brooks, with the next India and Mediterranean maiLs, is expected about the 20th inst. The Pera, Captain John Soy, wil Eail on the 20th for Alexandria, conveying the outivard portion of the mails for the M;editerranean and East Indies. The 'United States' nail stealmer Washington, Captain Cavendy, sails from Southampton on We dnesday next, with the German, French, and English mails.
THE, EXPEDITION TO KERTOH. In the extracts which we have given from M. de Bazancourt's account of the operations of the Crimea the expedition to Kertch -has been alluded to. The following further e-tract from the same work will tend to show the precise bearing and importance of hlat expedition on the general procedings before Sebastopol:- " The idea of an operation against the enemy ouLtside the town continued to weigh on the various decisions, and prevented any decisive action being attempted against the fortress. The secret instructions to General Canrobert tied his hands, unless in a case of absolute necessity. They said:-' If the assault of Sebastopol is impossible, or is likely to cost too much bloodshed, without leading to the totalcapture of the place, you must remain on the defeunsive, and make such arrangemients as to enable you to tako two divisions of infantry, the Imperial C-uard, all the cavalry, four mounted batteries, and four others, so that all these troops, joined to a corps of 40,000 men assembled at Maslak, near Constantinople, may, at the first signal, operate against the enemy outside. . . . "I t was in the midst of these complications that all of a sudden surged up the expedition to Eertch, the idea of which had for some time found great favour with the General-in-Chief of the English army, and still more with the two admirals, Lyons and Brnat, who saw in it the means of enabling the fleet at last to get out of its inaction aid take a prominent part in the war. The expedition was less pleasing to General Canrobert, in consequence of the new instructions which he had just before received; since it removed from the centre of operations not only the vessels the co-operation of which might be exceedingly useful for the conveyance of the troops from Baslak to Kamiesel, but also a division u-hose presence wvas to be of use in the combined plan of the exterior attack. " Lord Raglan insisted, and so did the admirals; and at last the expedition set out, -with Brown's Division and the First Division of the furst French corps under the orders of General d'Autemarre, who replaced General Forey. A Turkish detachment also formed part of the enterprise. . . " The next day a telegraphic de4atch from the Emperor arrived from Paris, which said to the General-in-Chief:- ' On receipt of this despatch collect together all your forces, and prepare to attack the enemy outside. Concentrate, for the purpose, all your strength; even the troops at Maslak?' "' General Canrobert at once proceeded to Lord Raglan, and said that ' he might certainly have availed himself of the latitude of time allowed him to send troops to Xertch; but in the face of positive orders which he had just received from the Emperor, and which commanded him to collect together without delay all his means of attack and to concentrate his forces, he could not permit a portion of his troops and means of conveyance to remain absent.' Lord ^aglaninsisted energetically on the expedition being alloved to pursue its course; hut General Canrobert considered it his duty, after instructions of so precise a character, to recall General d'Autemarre and Admiral Biruat. "It u-as from that moment, and in consequence of the decision thus taken in spite of the resistance of the English Commander-in-Chief, that a certain coolness succeeded in the relations, until then completely in accord, between the two commanders of the allied armies. - . - " The situation, it will be perceived, was becoming more complicated, as a good understanding no longer existed in the plans. . . . It was at this conjuncture that Commandant Fav6 arrived as a messenger from the Emperor. "-The equivoclI result of the conferences of Vienna, which were suspended on the 22d of April, and the pressing solicitations of his Cabinet had prevented the intended visit of the Emperor, and he decided on not proceeding to the Crimea ; but if his Majesty did not go out to assume the command of the troops, hisviews were not the less to receive their execution. These views, matured in advance, and to which the events of April had added a fresh importance, were expressed in a plan of campaign emanating from the Emperor himself, and which Commandant Fav6 handed to the French Commander-in-Chief. That important document was couched in thefollowing langnage." Here follow the Emperor's instructions to General Canrobert, which we published three days back.
A TRIP ml THE CRns A.-The follovwing is an extract from a private letter :-" Camp, April 2L-In my last I gave you an account of our trip as far as Bakshiserai. After having wandered, aU over the town, and inspected the Tartar shops, in which there was not much to be seen, excepting the coloured leather and lambswool caps, which the Tartars of the Crimea are famed for making, we returned to our tent for dinner, which consisted of the provisions we had brought, with some eggs and dried fish, bought in the town. We kept watch alternately til morning to guard our ponies. At 5 o'clock we rose, watered the animals, lighted fires, cook;ed our breakfast, packed up the things, struck the tent, and at 7 o'clock were cn route for Simpheropol. The Russnnas have the electric telegraph at Bakshiseria. It follows, for the most part, the road, which as far as the Alma is most dreary-ridges without a shrub, or anything green to be seen on it. There is no regular road, except on the banks of the rivers and near to Simpheropol, whcrc it has been cut through a deep ridge. Tartars are employed working on it, and breaking stones under the slurveillance of Russian cappers. Every now and then one meets a Cossack, with his lag lance, who acts as policeman, making the arabas close up, and removing them to one side vhen we halt. We met that day an immense string of arabas, more than 100 in al, each drawn by two or three ponies, and carrying five sick in each,-all seemingly hearing the stamp of death on their faces, like our poor fellows the winter before last. Some had their hands hond up, as if sufering from frost-bite; but I did not see any wrounded among them, although the doctors at Simpheropol said they had many stil there. At the Alma we all haltedo feed OUr' honses and to bathe. The dust over these plains is almost unbearable; We saw very fewv dead horses by the road, and what therewere were buried, except where exposed by dogs tearing them up. In that respect they do not seem to have suffered as much loss as ourselves. The plain close to Simpheropol is studded with t dtli, none of which seem to have been opened. Just outside the town were 19 heavy guns, all mounted on tracks, like those at Bakshiserai; and these were all the means of defence I could see near this city, which we were always told was so well fortified. %Ve rode out without hindrance till we came to the public gardens, which were crowded with officers and a few ladies, listening to a most delightful band. Here we left the conveyance while some of us rode off to reconnoitre, and find a place to pitch our tent for the night. We were unsuccessul in our search, all the available ground near being occupied by troops, so that we resolved to ask an officer for directions. We fortunately met one belonging to the 4th Regiment of the corps of Grenadiers, on his way to the gardens. He immediately turned back and took us to the garden of a large house, the owner of which having fled, it had been appropriated by the Government as quarter for officors. He insisted on giVing up his room for our use, and put us all up, as well as our servants and hones, giving them torage and stabling. After having washed, he took us to the gardens, and we walked about there for some time. He then took us to a restaurant and would not hear of our giving him dinner, but treated us to a lRussian repast, consisting chiefly of salt fish, rice, caviar, sturgeon, &e.; all very good. He wanted to give us porter and champagne, but as wre had been wairned beforehand, that the formaer w. as 15s, a bottle, and the latter 32s., we would not hear of it; and said he never drank it. So, instead, we had some excellent Crimean vinue. They have a theatre in Simpheropol, but, unfortunately, it was closed that evening. The next morning, directly we got up, we had coffee and rusks ; then walked to a cafe, where he gave us another most elaborate breakfast. After this we went to see the Greek church, and through some very good shops, filled chiefly with military appurtenances. I got a pair of Paris gloves for five francs, and saw Rowland's Macassar and perfminery, English pickles, pencils and paper, vwith various other home-manufactured articles which I little expected to find in the capital of Cfum Tartary. Our friends had that morning received an order to march the next day on their way to Moscow, where they expect to arrive in Jone for the coronation ceremony. Speaking of the terms of peace, they scorned the idea of Russia destroying Nicholaieff and not building more fortifications on the Black Sea. They all expressed the greatest deliEht that the -war was ended. Some laughed at uis veryj much for not having taken Sebastopol and the whole Crimea, after the battle of Allma, when, they said, they had only 26,000 men in all the Crimea. At Inkermann they had 40,000. sad nowtY 250,000 in the Crimea. .They refer the cause of all their sufferings to not, having a raiway from Moscow, or roads through the provinces, so that transpcort in wet weather was nearly impossible. We had. of coUtrse, many invitations to Moscow and St. PetersburgD, which we returned with similar ones to them. The hospitals were all full of patients, and typhus raging severely. They said this tovwn was in a terrible state during the bombardment, full of wounded; and that of the Fourth Division, which was in Sebastopol almost since the beginning of the siege, there is hardly one of the old officers left. The corps of Grenadiers in Siippheropol is 32,000 stroag, consisting of tvo divisions, each division has four regiments, and each regiment four battalions, each battalion has four companies, 250 men to a company. None of the sergeants and non-commissioned officers can write, and to do their duty two ccri rains are attached to each company. So great is the scarcity of officers among them, that to those immense companies they have only one officer. Durinn the siege the cavalry officers did duty in the town with the infantry. TlHE LATE LOrD ADox'Hus FiTzciuEmcE.- Load Adolphus Fitzclarence, who died on Saturday night, was the third son of his late Majesty King William IV., by Mrs. Dorothy Jordan, the celebrated :tress. He was born m 1802, and, lke his Royal father, ntered the navy at an early age. In that service he rose by seniority, and had attained at the time of his death the Iank of Rear-Admiral. He also held the honorary distincjion of a Knight Grand Cross of Hanover, and the appointments of a NTaval Aide-de-Camp to her present Ma ljesty, and Ranger of the Home Forest, at Windsor. He was well 1 nown in the leading circles of fashion, and lived and died nmarried. His death was occasioned by a return of the eizure which attacked him last winter when in London, nd which at the time it was thought would have proved fatal. His death took place while on a visit to Sir George Wombwell, at Newburgh-park, in Yorkshire. The eldest of 1 he Fitzelarence family was the late Earl of Munster, better ino*in as Colonel Fitzclarence, for the gallant part which )e took in suppressing the Cato-street conspiracy. The econd brother was the late Lord Frederick Fitzclarence, who died about two years ago, while in commnad of the forces at Bombay. The youngest brother, Lord Augustus, was many years rector of Mapledurham, near Reading, and died in 1854. - Of his Lordship's sisters one is Viscountess Falkland, anotler married General C. R. Fox, and a third is Lady Augusta Kennedy Erskine. The two others, who are deceased, were married respectively to the late Earl of Erroll and the late Lord Do Isble. It may not be uninteresting to add that soon after the accession of King William IV. such of the Fitzelarence family as had not already attained a higher rank by marriage were elevated, 'under the sign manual of His Majesty, to the precedency of the younger children of a marquis.
THB WEST INDIA MAIM -0 [A summU7 of the following, receivedby Electrc Tele. graph, appeared in our Second Edition of Saturdayv:- SOUTHAMPTON, M&v 17. By the Royal mail steamship Parana, Captain Wilson, with the West India and Pacific mails, in charge of Lieutenant Brown, R.N., Admiralty agent, we receive dates from.- Nassau . .. April 23 Barbadoes ... ... April 23 Honduras ... ... - 17 Grenada ... ... - 27 SantaMartha ... - 5 Carriacou ... ... - 27 Greytown ...... ... - 20 St. Vincent's ... - 27 Carthagena ... - 25 St. Lucia ... ... - 29 Chagres ....... ... - 23 MLartinique ... - 29 Jamnaica ...... ... - 27 Guadeloupe ... - 30 Jacmel .. - 29 Doominica ... - 30 PortoRico iay 1 .u. ... - 3D Demerara .. pril2 St. Etts ... ... - 30 Tobago . . - 26 St. Thomas's .... M ay 1 Trinidad ... ... - 27 The Parana brings 137 passengers, among whom are the Eon. Judge Edlwards from Antigna; Lieutenant-Colonel Deverell, 67th Regiment, from Barbadoes; Commander Coryton, R.N., and Dr. M1acintosh, from Jamaica; the Countess de Richeborg, from St. Thomas's; General Herrara and Colonel Guido, from Valparaiso; and Dr. 13ay]ie, late mayor of Geelong. On freight there is specie from the Pacific ports amounting to $555,459, of whi^.h $144,195 is in gold and the remainder in silver $267,241 in gold and golddust from California, and $78,525 in gold from Carthagena-total, $901,225, or, say, about 1SO,000P . sterling; also $17,940 in plata pina, and $5,550 in precious stones, &c. The cargo comprises 505 serons of cochineal, 198 serons of bark, 21 serons of jalap, 76 serons of cascarilla, 16 boxes of copper ore, 49 bales of sarsaparilla, 7 cases of tortoiseshell, 7 cases of succades, and 55 packages of sundries. The Solent, Captain Jellicoe, which has been for some time past employed intereolonially, is appointed to convey to England the next West India, lIexican, and Pacific nails from St. Thomas's. Intelligence from Jamaica reports the existence of heavy rains, wvhich had done considerable damage. There is nothing wrorthly of notice in commercial matters. The Panama Star agul Herald, in a late edition of that journal, just previous to the departure of the mail packet, announces the receipt of the following important despatch by telegraph from Aspinwall - " Aspinwall, April 22. "The steamer Solent arrived at 9 a.m., with several of Walker's men on board. Steamers Isabel and Charles Morgan reached Greytown from New Orleans, and landed 500 men for Walker. British ship Eurydice blockladed Greytown on the 20th inst. A brig from New Orleans is ex-pected at Greytown with troops for Walker, and wouldbe stopped on her arrival by the British ship Eurydice. The United States' steamers Fulton and Merrimac, with HerBritannic2Majests steamer Termagant, were daily expected, with two French ships, to join the blockade. British ship President in Punta Arenas on the 31st nlt. In the Santa Rosa fight Walker lost 26 men and Costa Rica 15 men and four officers. Among the WValk-er prisoners shot by Costa Rica was a Panameno named Franco Narvaez. President Mora invaded Nicaragua wvith 2,500 men, and was to attack Walker in Rivas about the 19th inst. 2,000 men left Cojutipeque, Salvador, on the 14th, to help Costa Rica." The United Statese sloop of war St. Mary's, 22 guns, Captain Bayley, arrived at Panama on the morning of the 23d ult. from Guayaquil, and anchored in the bay. The AspincwaU Ceurier also publishes the following particulars in reference to the blockade of Greytown and San Suan del Norte :_ "We learn that the ports of Greytown and San Jnan del Norte are blockaded by a fleet of French, English, and American men-of-war. "Two steamers of the Morgan line had arrived at San Juan del Norte, or Greytowvn, with 700 men for Walker, who werelanded before the blockade commenced. They were to get up the river the day the steamer left. Charles Morgan was on board one of the steamers. A brig was said to be on the way from New York with another body of men for Walker. " WValker, it is stated, had, at last advices, retired to Granada, and vas fortifying the city. The same authority reports that the Costa Ricans, Gamtemalians, and Hondureans, to the number of 8,000, were within a short march, pressing on Granada city. On the 29th General Herran, Ambassador of New Granada, was received at the capital, San Jose, by the Government of Costa Rica; and at the interview he presented the manifestations of sympathy and suppolt of New Granada to Costa Rica in her present conflict." There is little news of importance from the various West India islands. From Demerara we learn that the annual session of the Combined Court commenecd on the 11th ult. The Governor opened the Court with a speech of great ability, in which he reviewed thepresent position and prospects of the colony, and ably grappled wvith the questions of finance arising out of the late riots. The revenue of the colony for the past year ambmuted to $994,426, which amount exceeded the Estimate of Ways and Mleans by $5S,020. The expenditure of the year, exclusive of immigration, amounted to g931,754, falling short of the estimate by $15,734. The estimate for the next year amounts' to $1,142,020, being an increase on the estimate of last year of $195,132. This is owing chiefly to the large amounts included under the head "Provision for the E:xpenses connected with the Riots in February," to the establislunent of the auxiliary police force, and the increased expenses of the gaols and penal settlement. UJnder the head " Contingent Expenses of Justice and Gaols " there was an excess of expenditure of upwards of $7,000, occasioned partly by offences under the immigration ordinauce, which came into force about the end of the year 1854, and partly by an increase of crime of a wvorse description falling under the cognizance of the hi,,her trib-unals. With respect to immigration, provision was made by the last Combined Court for $272,000, butthe expenditurefellsliortof thatamount by $72,473. His Excellency has failed to obtain for the colony the benefit of the guarantee of the Rome Government for the repayment of the loan to be raised for immigration purposes umder ordinance iNo. 16 of 1855, the object of which is to provide for the inmmediate payment of the sums required by employers for the introduction of immigrants and extending the term for repayment over a certain number of years. The colonists will therefore have to rely upon their own credit and their own exertions for carrying oult the immigration scheme. There was, however, every prospect of an abundant supply of emigrantsfrom Madras next season. The Hon. John Lucie Smith had been appointed Attorney-General until Her Majesty's pleasure be known, in the room of the Hon. R. R. Craig, deceased. Several heavy showers had fallen, but upon the whole the weather was too dry for the crops, and the canes were suffeling in consequence. Her Majesty's brig of war Mariner, Captain Ingram, arrived off Demerara on the 15th nlt. The following are the exports for the fortnight :-1,594 hhds., 112 tierces, 48 barrels, 100 bags, and 380 sack-s of sugar; 1,149 puncheons, 19 hhds., and 8 barrels of rum; 142 puncheons and 2 hhds. molasses; 330 logs (14,944 feet) of timber; 52 casks of greenheart hark; 20 pieces of crabwood, 60,000 WVallaba shingles; 22 tierces 118 barrels of chlarcoal; 3 cords of firewood; and 3,580 cocoanuts. The ship Canning and bark MBermaid had sailed for L ondon. At Granada the weather continued dry, and plants in the ground were everywhere dying. Sugarmaking progressed slowly. The shipments of the current year are-sugar, 1,197 hogsheads 288 tierces 365 barrels; molasses, 49 puncheons; rum, 340 puncheons 28 hogsheads; cooa, 4,784 bags; cocoanuts, 4,200; nutmegs, 22 packages; mace, 3 boxes; cotton, 78 bales. The brig Campbell was the only vessel loading for Europe. The market was well supplied with cured provisions and dry goods. Lumber was not plentiful, but cargoes were expected by importers. Her MIajesty's surveying schooner Scorpion, Commander Parsons, had arrived at St. Lucia, and during her stay a maritime and land survey will be takenof the island. The agricultural interests of St. Lucia were, owningto the want of labourers, in a very dull state. The crop is stated to be an average one, and, as there was no want of tonnage, would be shipped as fast as made. the want of rain was severely felt Trade was dull, and there was very little doing in any branch of - business. It was the intention to call out the Militia for frequent drills, with a view to their efficiency as a protective force. The Anne Noines estate had been sold for 5501. News from Trinidad also complains of want of rain, but there -was some probability of a change taking placed The numerous fires had cleared a large area of land, on whiclh, after a little rain, corn andprovisionswouldgrowluxuriantly.TheAgincolurt had arrived withasecond batchof thisyear's coolies; she conveyed 362, and during ra 90 days' passage 12 died on board. Several arrivals from the United States since our last intelligence had added largely to the stock of general imports from that quarter, and prices tended downwards. Codfish was in demand at $4 per 100lb. Both cypress and cedar shingles were much wanted. IPitch pine lumber was I6dull, an. whitepine would shortly be required. Sugar and molasse3 continued in good demand, and somne sugar in barrels had been sold at $4k. The crop was drawing to a close, and would shortly be finished. There was little produce for sale, nearly allthat wareas y hang been bespoke. Freights were nominal, and many vessels would not. be able to secure full loads. The following vessels were loading for English ports :-For London, the Scindian, Helios, Appleton, Harriette, Ifaparina, Caroni, Palmyra, John Scott, Zephyr, Cockermon Castle, Matilda, Durns, and Carnblia; for Liverpool, the MIary Bibby and Warlock; for Bristol, the St. Vincent; for the Clyde, the Zarah, Kilblain, Bangalore, Trinidad, Buenos Ayrean, Wifliax Campbell, Gipsy, Harmony, Marmion, I3arl of Lonsdale, Troubadour, Emma Graham, andlKirkby. The Wanderer was also loading for Dublin. The Ama, Themnis, and Myra were unemployed. The produce shipped up to the 23d nit, was-Sugar, 13,854 hihds. 2,377 tierces 2,574 barrels; molasses, 3,849 puncheons 76 tierces; rnm, 7a1 puncheons; cocoa, ]7653,7361b.; coffee, 4,0761b.; cotton, 76 serons.
THB PACIFIC. SOUT1THAPTOlf, WLy17. By the Royal mail steamer Parana, Captain Wilson, with the West India and Pacific mails, we receive our usual files of newspapers and despatches from the Pacific ports. The dates are-Valparaiso, Mfarch 31; Huaschaco, April 14; Arica, 6; Caldera, 3d; Islay, April 7; Callao, 12; Lima, 12; Payta, 14; San Francisco, 4; Panama, April 23. The Pacific Steam Navigation Company's steamship Valdivia arived at Panama on the 20th ult. *with 60 passengers and about $600,000 in specie. From Chili we learn that great losses in grain, &c., had been caused by heavy rains; cattle had also suffered, and many buildings were injured. The storm interrupted the traffic across the Andes with the Argentine Republic, and the ning'm interest in Serena also suffered. About 20 lives were lost. The mines of Copiapo and E-uasco continued to yield satisfactorily, and were actively worked. The NYorth American -whaler George Washington has been destroyed byfire. A report was current that the Minister of Chili in Peru had succeeded in negotiating -with that Government the payment of the $2,000,000 owed-to Chili, at 524 per cent., payable in bills on London, and a short amount of gold ounces. By this arrangement Chili receives $1,100,000, which are to be immediately devoted to realizing different internalnimprovements. Considerable activity prevailed in the markets in consequence of purchases made by country dealers of winter supplies. The stock of merchandise on hand was large and well assorted. The imports during the fortnig,ht were largerthn iu any previous fortnight during the year. Very little had been done in exports. A circular says*. 5Of native produce copper in bars is quoted at S23 25c.- hides quired for at $17 25c. per quintal; barley scarce and in demano; sales have been made at $4 per fanega. bagged. *Wheat'has advanced, owing to the late destiaction of parts of the erop, but there is nothing to warrant the rise, even though 30 per cent. of the crop be lost, the harvest is expected to exceed that of last year; flour is very scarce, owing to delivery from the interior being retarded, sales only for consnmptuon, and as high as $12 has been paid; in saltpetre no sales have been miade. "Fareights.-Guano to Europa from Chincha 41. per ton; to the Inited States, $22 per ton; to Melbourne, 41. lOs." The intelligence received from Bolivia states that peace wlhch had for so long a tine been enjoyed -was only preparatory to another revolution, the object of which wasto "Proclaim General Santa Cruz president, and upset the Government of General Cordova. The plot was fortunately discovered, and seven of the principal conspirators arrested, tried, found guilty, and sentenced to death. They, however, refused to denounce their accomplices. at length a young officer in one of the regiments that had entered into the plan of the revolutionists gave such inforniation as led to the arrest of one of the chief offlcers of the Government connected with the War Department; this led to other arrests and the discovery of widely spread revolutionary plots throughout the entire republic. Considering that the G-overnment of General Cordova has not only granted an amnesty to all political offenders, but has also given Santa Cruz permission to visit the country, and restored his pension, the conduct of the revolutionists appears basely ungratefuL" The cutting of cascarilla had been prohibitel until further orders. A new decree affecting tle duty on imports had1 been promulgated, by -which the decree of June 27, 1854, was repealed from the 1st of M11ay, after which the duties established by the Law of June 30, 184:9, would be collected. The special duties referred to in the decree of June 30, 1849, are no longer to ba imposed, and the articles there referred to are in future to pay a duty of 20 per cent. On all goods passing the Cnstom-house of Cobija a duty of 2 per cent. is to be charged from the I st of May, and hquiors 3 per cent, the produce of the duty to be applied to the public works in Sucre and Potosi
EXTENSIVE FORGEJE.S. At the High Court of Justiciary, Edinburgh, on rxiday last, before the Lord Justice General, Lordis Cowan, and Handyside, Jacob Christiansen, lately shipbroker, of Lsith, was charged with the forgery of seven bills of exchange, amounting in all to about 3,7 01. The bills purportedtobe draw;n and accepted as follows:The first, for 7691. 14s., dated Leith, October 12, 1855, drawn by the prisoner, and purporting to be accepted by Messrs. Ilomyn and Co., of Stockton-on-Tees; the second, for 1,0001., dated Leith, October 15, 1855, drawn by tho prisoner, and purporting to be accepted by lr. George Geipel, of IHartlepool; the third, for 3731. Us., dated Stettin, November 15, 1855, purporting to be drawn by J. H. Gutknecht, to be paid to the order of MIr. J. HL Konopke, and to be accepted by Mr. P1. 3L Dancan, of Dundee; the fourth, for 3091. 14s. lOd., dated Leith, December 3, 1855, drawn by the prisoner, and puri,orting to be accepted by Messrs. Mlounsey and Clapham, 2'1 ewcastle-onTyne; the fifth, for oS51. 16s. 2d., dated Leith, December 18, 1955, drawn by the prisoner, andpurporing to be accepted by MIessrs. R. x1 IlillarandSon, of Montrose; the sixth, for 473Z. 12s., dated Eonigsberg, January8 1856, purporting to bedrawnby3MaxHein, payableto theprisoner,and purporting to be accepted by Messrs. Sollitt, Monday, and Co., of Rll; and the seventh, for 4621. 14s., dated Konigsberg, January 20, 1856. drawn by Max Hein, payable to prisoner, and purporting to be accepted by Messrs. Jobson Brothers, of Newcastle. The prisoner was also charged with uttering the bills. A lengt hened trial took place, from -which it app3%red that the prisoner had endorsed the bills and had them discounted at the Leith branch office of the Edinburgh and Glasgow Bank. On the bill for 4731. being presented there, the bank agent, before making, payment wrote to the Iull agent, and in consequence of a telegraphic messa-e from Messrs. Sollitt, Monday, and Co., as to their non-acceptance of the bill, discoveries were made which led to the prisoner's apprehension; after which the other forgeries -were also found out. Various witnesses were called to prove the uttering of the bils- anud to disavow the pretended acceptances. It was also proved that Christiansen had procured the lithographing of 50 blank- bills, dated Konigsberg, of which 44 Nwere found in his possession, being the same ilL form as those which he had filled u. Exculpatory evidence was called to prove that tha prisoner had business transactions with and had received accommodation bills from Joseph Mannhig Wilson, who had the previous day been outlawed by this Court for forgery, and also w.ith a man named Petersen, who had 1ed the country. Testimony to simplity of character was also given, as well as to former honesty and industry. The Solicitor-General then addressed the jury for the Crown, and Mr. Logan for the prisoner. The leading point of the defence was that the forgeries were the work of the outlaw Wilson and of Petersen, and that the prisoner was the innocent dupe of these parties. The LORD JUSTICE GE-NAI, im summing up, remarked that the theory set up by the prisoner's counsel was entirely uansupported by any evidence, and wvas not even counte-nanced by the prisoner in his declarations. The jury retired for about twvo minutes, and returned a ,erdict unanimously finding the prisoner Gugty of uttering the bills as libelled. The LORD JUSTICE GE-ERAL, inpassingsentence, said,Jacob Christiansen, you are convicted of uttering as genuine seven bllls of exchange, mnowing them to be forged, and of uttering them successively, at different periods between October, 1S55, and the end of January, 1856. Several of these -were for very large amounts. The proceeding of which you are convicted was of a systematic kind, as the evidence of the engraver who lithographed the blank formns, and, indeed, the whole evidence shows. It shlows that yost vent systematically to work to raise large sums of money by mneans of forged bills. These bills were aU in the circle at one time. This is not the case of the uttexing of one forgel bil first, and then of retiring that bil by new foigeries, but itis a case of uttering a number of bills at one time. In this country the crime of forgery, and especially of the forgery of bills of exchange, has always been viewed as a beinons offence. Indecd, the period is not very far distant when the result of this conviction would have been a capital punishment. A very few years since that was the state of the law, and although the law has been relamed bis is still regarded as one of the most heinous crimes. 'In the course of my experience of criminal proceedings, which has been a prettylong one, I don't remember any instance in which the forgery of bils of exchange was carred on so extensively, so systematically, and so xapidly as here. Therefore, the case i5 one in which the Court nmust pronounce a sentence of transportation, and to the utmost extent in its power. The sentence is, that -you be transport for the whole period of your life. The delivery of the sentence excited a very strong sensation among the audience; but there was no manifeztation oC sympathy with the prisoner. The Court then adjoumed,
AMERICA. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRA.PH ) LIVERPOOL SU;NDuxv, MAY iS. Mhe Arabia has arrived with advices from New York by telegraph, vid Halifax, to the 8th, and 190,57Z01. on freight. At 5.30 p.m., on the Sth inst., the Arabia passed the Royal MIail steamship Anmerica, and on the 13th a large screw steamer _steering West. The steamslhip Edinburgh, fiom Glasgow, had arrived at New- York. In the Senate a debate had taken place onl the Central American question, some of the speakers turgfing the Executive to acknowledge lValker. In the House of Representatives, Mr. Clingman, Democrat, North Carolina, submitted a joillt resolution- " That, for the better protection of the p.rsoas and propery of American citizens under the law of nations, and as secured by existing treaty stipulations with reference to the thoroughfares or lines of tiavel between the waters of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, the President be authorized to ermploy aniy part of the land or naval forces of the country, and call for and use any numaber of volunteers that might be necessary to provide for the safety of passengers and others of the United States citizens in those localities, and that such force might be used by him in aid of the local authorities, or otherwvise, to insure the observance ot such rights as the Government of the United States and its citizens might be entitled to enjoy." Objection -was made to the introduction of the resolution. During the discussion, MTr. Jones, of Tennessee, said that he understood the resolution authorized the President to take posse-sion of Central America, but he did not want it then. Several voices thereupon exclaimed, "W Ve do ; let's take it." Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, wished to amend the resolution, looking to the annexation of the British provinces; but this was declined. and the House, without taking any action on the subject, ad ouined, 'The Washington correspondent of the New Yorlk £Tercad states, on the authority of a distinguished functionary of the Government, that General Walker would be recognized. Upon the question of the diFebrence between the United States and this couintry, the same correspondence says:- "Our relations with England are getting more delicate than ever. If the request made by Secretary Marcy, through our Minister at London, for the recall of Yr. Cranmp ton and the three consuls is allowved to sleep much longer' the country may well suspect the Administration of a want of nerve. Otur sense of politeness or forbearance seems to have go. the better of our determination. Mr. Marcy's despatch, -which presented the whole question so clearly and forcibly bears date tue 28th of December. It arrived in London soon after the middle of January, and has been before the British Cabinet about three months and a-half. Tne people are getting rather impatient for some explanation of this delay. We hear a great deal from the other side of the water about the desire for peaceful relations and about the kindly sympathies which should exist between us as members of the great Anglo-Saxon family, and we are bored witl endless twaddle about the same language -Shakspeare, Milton, and the like-but such considerations procure no immunity from such insults and in. dignities. We have had something too mu^h of this. Every reasonable hope has been indulged that our demands for satisfaction would be insisted on and complied with; but of satisfaction in its most limited sense we have not received a ti'tle. "Crampton quietly sips his port at his rural retreat on the heights, and catches rockfish at the little falls." 'Upon the Central American and the Panama conflict questions the correspondent says- " A report wvas somewhat current about the State Department this morning to the effect that General Walker had sent to New Orleans for recruits for his army, as his hopes for success since Schlessinger's defeat were not of an encouraging character. The distingLuished person who gave me this information asserts it to be true, but is apprehensive that the Administration here will interfere and prevent aid fromnreaching Nicaragua. He represents the readiness of hundreds to leaveNewOrleans, and is assured from the extraordinary excitement prevailing in that city in favour of Walker's aid that should the marshal of that district interpose sea force to prevent the departure of those resolved upon going to W'alker's aid, serious consequences may follow, as opposing force, will certainly be used. Southern members of Congress are singularly united in favour of Walker, even more so than ever I have known them to be on the Cuba question. It certainly wouldbe a stroke of popular policy for General Pierce to at once acknowledge the independence of Nicaragua, an act which would be at once followed by thousands of volunteers leaving our seaport cities and towns for that region. It is said that Senator Houston's visit to the South has reference to this subject. The Panama massacre excites strong indignation here, and the Executive is pressed on all sides to take prompt action in the matter. As if it were possible for this Administration to take prompt action in any matter! Many members of Congress charge that the blood of every American slain inlNicaragua should fall upon the heads of the Administration. The rejection of the Nicaraguan 31inister has led to the invasion, and President Pierce is heldreponsible. Such is the feeling here." He adds under date of the 5thi imst. " The Cabinet were called together at an early hour this morning, and had a very protracted and excited session. hlle subject before them was Central timerica, or rather whether the Administration are ready to recognize General Walker's government, and to receive as Minister Madro Fegilly, who arrived here this morning. Messrs. Marcy and Cushing opposed its recognition for the present, until somnething more definite could be ascertained, whilePierce, Davis, and other members were for immediate recognition and action. Nothing definite is known as yet, but it is generally believed that Marcy-will be overruled. " Judge Douglas and his friends are backing up General Pierce with all their power. The military commissioners sent out by the United States Government to visit Sebastopol had called upon the Secretary of State; they complained of being shabbily treated at Paris, by being refused when they asked permission to visit the fortifications. The cause of refusal was the present state of existing relations between the two Governments. It is stated that the iUnited States Govermnent will endeavour to obtain permission from New Granada to establish a military post at Panama for the prot ction of the transit route." The steamship Black Warrior had arrived at New York with advices from Havannah to the 30th ult. The island was healthy, and enjoying political quiet. The New- York commercial adzices report an active densand for money in the market at 7 per cent. on call, and S to 9 per cent. for short firstclass paper. The transactions in the stock-market had been large, but at the close prices were lower. Sterling exchange was firm at 109.EW to 110; bills on Par-s were quoted, 5.164 5.15. The prices of cotton had declined gc. to lc. per lb., at wvhich the business was small. Flour remained without material alteration in price. Scotch pig iron was selling in lots at $32 to S32 T5c. Freights dull. At _NNew Orleans, onthe 3d of Mtay, midland cotton vwas quotedat l0Mc. to 101c; freights, 5-16d., firm. At Havannah, on the 30th ult., sugar advanced sEghtly for yellow and brown. Prices firm for -whites. FreiglhtstoFalmouth21.7s.Gd. Exchange on London, 43E to 5 prem. (LATERP BY ETGnAPHi rno.Nr inAurmx.) SNEW YORK, TIHURSDAY EVENLNG, MAY 8. Later European news, per the Amer-ca, was published here to-day, and had the effect of causing a small advance on cotton, equal to 7 chiefly on the micUand and lower qualities. Flour has declined since Tuesday Is. to 2s. (York). Corn slightly dearer. 'Wheat firm. The money-market to-day is easier. The ex{change on London is quoted at 0} to 1W. - The steamer America arrived at Quebec on the .Zth, and the Hermann at New York to-day; also aIrrved the Neptune, from Liverpool-the Devon9hire, from London-the Favourite fiom Newcastle -the St. Nicholas from Havre-the Adele, Savannah, and Lamar bound for Amsterdam.
LuN-Y IsLAsND.-A private letter from Limcny Island, received at Bristol, says, "A ciuious circumstance has happened here since our last post-day. In digging for the foundation of a waU the worlonen have discovered several skeletons about two feet under the surface, one of which is that of a man of gigantic stature, and probably snan of note besides, for his grave had been enclosed, whereas not one of the others had anything to mark where they were deposited. Tho bones had evidently been under ground for many centuries, for, on bein touched and e=od, nearly all of them fell to pieces; norlles to thetrie hs nground consecrated on the island p tEdward I-' one mav presune the ijurials would have taken place in the churchyard if they had been of anything like recent date. Nearly allthe bodies were covered with limpet-shelIs, perhaps originalIy buried with the fLsh in thema. All the burials mnust have taken place nearly at the same time, for the skulls were lying in nearly a straight line. A stone about three feet long, rougbhly sanared, about 18 inches through, and hoUoived a`one end to the depth of about two inches, like a shallow basin, contained part of the side of the skull of the large skeleton. The heads of all were laid to the west. The pot around shows traces of fonner habitation, such as pieces of pott;CT peAt-WICes &-c.
THE, ORIMEAN BOARD OF INQUIRY. Sir C. Trevelyan has forwarded to the Board of General Officers now sitting at Chelsea Hospital a statement vindicating the conduct of the Treasury during that period of the war when the Commnissariat was under the control of his department. After noticing hrr. Filder's allegation, that the insufficiency of forage which led to such disastrous results in the Crimea was mainly attributable to his requisition for hay to be sent from England not having beer complied with by the Treasury, Sir 0. Trevelyan proceeds to remark that in ordinary cases the Commissariat obtains its supplies from the neighbourhood of the seat of war, and especially its supply of hay, which is a bulky article, both inconvenient and expensive for shipment from a distance, one ton, when pressed, requiring five tons of space on shipboard (the disproportion has been somewhat reduced of late by the use of more powerful machinery), and the original cost of 51. increased to 20!. on its arrival in the Crimea. When war became probable Mr. Deputy Commissary-Genexal Smith was sent to Constantinople to collect information respecting the supplies to be obtained in the East, and that cfficer, on the 19th of March, 1854, reported that barley and chopped straw could be obtained-that being the food upon which all Turkish horses are fed, and upon which the animals thrive-a statement subsequently confirmed by Lord Lucan. In August, 1S54, MIr. Filder entered into a contract at Constantinople for the'supply of 8,000,000lb. of hay, and requested that a hydraulic press might besent out; to which the Treasury replied by sending four presses and a steam-engine. At the outset of the expedition, while the chief reliance was placed upon local supplies, it was deemed expedient to form a reserve store at home, and an arrangement was effected withthe Admiralty that astock of hayannl corn, equal tosix months'siupplyforall thehorses sentabroad, should be laid in, and that after all the available space on board the transpoits had been filled up, and 400 tons placed Onl board a separate transport vessel, the remainder of the forage should be held in this country. The stock thus retained was 2,441 tons of hay and 1,2l60 quarters of oats. Upon the 14th of May Mr. Filder reported to the Treasury that it would not be advisable to enter into newv contracts for hay and straw. In July the Admiralty having represented to the Treasury the inconvenience and danger from fire in retaining so large a quantity of forage in their magazines, two shiploads, including the whole of the oats, were sent out to Slr. Filder, who, in reply to communications from the Treasury, stated that the remainderof the hay sieed ,not be sent to him, whereupon the Treasury instructed the Admiralty to sell the forage remaining in their magazines. 'Upon the 13th of SePtember, 1854, while crossing the Black Sea en2 route to the oCrimea, Mr. Filder wrote to the Treasury, stating that the contractors at Constantinople having failed to provide the agreed quantity of bay of proper quality, and it being doubtful whether a sufficient quantity of forage for the numerous animals of the two allied armies could be obtained in that country, sug"ested that 2,000 tons of hayshould besent from En-land to (onstantinople during the autumn. The Treasury,%Kowever, upon being made acquainted with the probability of a failuire on the part of the Constantinople contractors, had on September the 19th, before the receipt of Mr. Filder's letter of the 13th, requested the Admiralty to discontinue the sales of forage previously recommended, and, instead, to send off a vessel awith a foll cargo of hay as soon as possible. In consequence of thsat request the Belgravia transport, of 1,395 tons' burden, was laden wiith hay, with which she sailed on the 8th of November. Uipon the 8th of October Mr. Filder reported, although he was unable to obtai a correct statement of the quantities of forage remaiing in his possession for present use that he believed they were ample. On the 23d of October Mr. Filder recommended that shipments of hay from England might be continued until the practicability of making oMier arrangements could be known. Upon the receipt of that letter the Admiralty was requested to forward a quantity of hay equal to that shipped per Bel"ravia with as little delay as possible, to be folloved by further shipments to a like extent at intervals not exceeding 14 days. The Admiralty reported that the hay remaining in their magazines, estimated at 1,500,000 or 2,000,000 lb., would be despatched in the course of two months, and suggested an arrangement for expediting shipments. A copy of that letter was forwarded to Mr. Filder, who was directed to report whether further supplies of hay beyond those about to be despatched durigthe ensuingtwomontbswould be required. MEr. Filder replied on the 8th of November, that it was probable that the army would have to winter in the Crimea, in which case it would he dependent upon supplies sent from England except for fresh meat and forage corn, and that in regard to hay the only supply could be obtained from England, as the quantity then being pressed at Constantinople would last but for a short time. The Treasury minute upon that letter remarked that Mr. Filder gave no estimate of his wants, and then proceeded to review the measures taken to despatch the whole of the forage remaining in the naval magazines, concluding with a notification that, should it be necessary to keep up the supply, purchases wouldhave to be made by the Commissariat Department in time to prevent interruption of the shipment. Copies of that minute were forwarded to Mr. Filder and to the Secretary of State for War, re- nesting that the urgency of the Commissary-General's demands for hays might be communicated to the Admiralty. Upon lNovember 13 Mr. Filder transmitted an estimate, in which he stated 6,900O0001b. of hay would be required for the consumption of the army for three months from the 1st of November; that he had l,080,0001b. in hand, leaving 5,820,OOOlb. to be supplied, or at the rate of 1,940,0001b. per month. Upon receipt of that estinmate, the Treasury directed the Commissariat department in this country to contract for 1,200 tons (2,6S8,0001b.) of pressedi hay to be sent to Liverpool for shipment, when the quantities remaining in the naval magazines had been despatched. That contract was entered into, and punctually executed. 'Upon the 18th of lTovember Mr. Filder reported that by the storm of the 14th he lost 1,11,0001b. of forage corn and 800,OOOlb. of hay, nearly his whole stock of the latter article, or about 20 days' consumption. He expressed his apprehensions that the deficiency of food consequent upon those losses would be attended by the worst results, especially upon the animals of the Commissariat transport, upon which the supply of the army depended, and several of wmch, although hitherto well fed, had perished from exposure to wet and cold. In reply Mr. Fider was informed that shipments from England would be expedited as much as possible, and he was recommended to obtain as much clover and " sulla" from MIalta and hay and chopped straw from Constantinople as it was possible to procure. The shipments of hay from England were, in June and July, 1,203,8001b., or 537 tons; August and September, 1,023,3001b., or 457 tons; November, 599,3001b., or 267 tons; December, 1,417,600b., or (133 tons; *and in January, 1855, 8OO,lOOlb., or 357 tons. Those shipments were exclusive of the hay on board the horse transports, the precise quantity of which was not known, but was reported in August, 1854, by Mr. Filder to be so large that he might have drawn 1,000 tons of forage from the transports, and still have left on board a supply equal to six weeks' consumption of the number of horses they could convey. After reciting these facts, Sir Charles proceeds to observe that there are two questions for consideration. First, to what extent Mr. Filder might have been expected to avail himself of the resources to be found in the neighbourhood of the seat of war; and next, whether the Treasury made proper arrangements to supply any deficiency. The first resource to which Mr. Filder had access was the stock of hay on board the transports, the disposal of which had never been fully explained, but whicli appeared not to have been Ased as a reserve, as it was onginally intended to be. Another resource which had been calculated upon was the supply of forage in the Crimea, and upon the first landing a large quantity was found; but the main resource was the supply of barley, hay, and chopped straw from Constantinople, and the various ports on the Black Sea, the Sea of Marmora, and the Mediterranean. These articles were to be obtained in unlimited quantities, as Mr. Filder had an unlimited command of money, and might have employed any number of transports not required for other purposes, or could have taken up any amount of shipping at Constantinople, or other ports of the Levant, for the conveyance of forage. MIr. Eilder, in his letter of tIme 8th of November, mentioned forage cora as one of the aticles for which he need not depend upon England. It was w ell known that horses subjected to hard wl ork and expsure would maintain their condition for a considerable period without hay, or with only a small proportion, provided they had plenty o corn. Had the Light Cavalry horses received 121b. or 141b. of barley instead of 21,Ib. or 31b. they would probably not have been the worse for their temporary deprivation of hay. With respect to the supply of tne latter article, Sir Charles observes, that when Mr. Filder asked for one hydraulic press the Treasury sent him four. Chopped straw wa;s not so compressible as hay, but its bulk might have been reduced by the simple expedient of pressing it after it had been placed in bags, and it could have been had in any quantity from the depot at Constantinople, while one vessel plying between that port and Balaklava would have done the wrork of many plying between E ngland and Balalklava. Hay and straw were purchased at Mfata and similar supplies might have been obtained from otherpors in the Mediterranean. Independently of the reserve of oats and hay in the horse transports Mr. Filder was never without a sufficient supply of forage corn; and although the cavalry horses and commissariat animals iea, great mumbers, yet forage for those animals, like rice, tea, and lime juice for the men, was at the same time in abundance at Balaldava. These statements Sir Charles bases upon what he deems the best evidence-the daily reports of the commissariat officers to Mr. Filder, which are appended to the statement before the Board. In reply to Mr. Filder's allegation, that the defective arrangements were the consequence of mismanagement at home, Sir Charles replies, that the superintending department (the Treasury), acting upon established principles, gave every facility to the Commissary-General to procure supplies of forage on the spot, and also sent from England such quantities as from information furnished to it appeared to be necessary; that the losses by the storm could not have been calculated upon, but nevertheless there was always forage at Balaklava, and the loss of horses was owing to other causes than the want of forage at that port; that it was not until the 13th of November, 1854, that Mr. Filder reported the quantity of forage he would require to be sent from England; in consequence of which2,217,7OOlb. of hayvwere sent out in December and January following , and that Mr. Filder had considered the means of transport Le possessed within a fortnight of the landing as snfficient for the wants of the army, and did not foresee the necessity for more animals until ithad become impossible to import them. Appended to the statement are numerous extracts from letters and memoranda, the objects of most of them being to show that Mr. Plder had never attributed the destruction of the commnissariat transport animals to anw ant of forage, hut to exposure and over work, e.g.,-L. Elder, in a memorandum addressed, February 16, 1855, to Lord Raglan, stated that " the public transport, in possession of the Commissariat before the animals were destroyed by fatigue in attempting to struggle through impassable roads and exposure to -wet and cold, was eqeal positively in amount to that of the French army, and relatively to the respective forces of the two armits much
LAW REPORT. CONSISTORY COURT. SATUIRDAY. MAY 17. fDAVIT)SON V_ n A-TfnR(1 I t ^A n_ - - - > .v Dr. LuS11IOGTo delivered judgment in this case, the facts of which were reported in 27e Time3s of the 8th inst. In the course of the argument, he said, addressed, to the Court, two or three questions of law were mooted, and before he proceededtothe evidence he would dispose of them. ;With regard to the proof of adultery the doctrine had long been settled. It was not necessary to prove that it had occurred at any particular time or place. The Court must be satisfied that a criminal attachment subsisted between the parties, and that opportunities occurred when the intercourse in which it was satisfied the parties intended to indulge might, wvith ordinary facilicy, have taken place. Ocular proof, as was said by Sir George iTay in "fix v. Rhs," was very seldom to be proI cured. In the case of " Hamerton v. flame-ton" Sir John Nicholl said it was true that the law did not require direct evidence of the very fact, committed at a specific time and place, but it did require to be satisfied that actual adulteryhad been committed. He (Dr. ILushington) entirely acceded to that doctrine. Reference had been made to the auleswhich prevailed in this court as to the effect to be attributed to the evidence of a single witness. He was very clearly of opinion that the circumstances of this case didnot admit of the reception of such an argument, for he apprehended that it had been held, even in those coumts, that the evidence of a single witness as to a particular fact Lmight be sufficient to establish that fact, if there were adminicular and corroborative testimony-of what k3ind might be a matter of argument. There wvas anothet point adverted to which might, under circumstances, be one of considerable diflicultv. He alluded to the question how far interrogatories could be taken as admissions. It had been said that he must not take facts admitted in the interrogatories without the colour put upon them. To that he could not give his assent, at least to the full extent. Ho could not adventure upon a general rnle. Tue Court must judge in each case, as he believed was the practice in other courts. " Storey v. Storey" was the only case lie remembered in which such a question was agitated in those courts, and in that ase he had no hesitation in assuming as p roved the facts stated in the interrogatorie;. To proceed, however, to the facts of the present case. It was clear beyond all doubt that one of the most important considerations in the case was the credit | tu be given to Ann Penman, the lady's maid. Her Icredit had been attacked in three ways-first, by an exceptive allegation; secondly, by showing that she was contradicted by one of the witnesses, who had deposed to a declaration denied by Denman ; and, thirdly, by alleged contradictions in her evidence. The exceptive allegation did not contradict any of the facts pleaded nor any of the facts given in evidence, but was confined to a contradiction of certain declarations made by her. The question was whether she was so perjured in some particulars that she was to be wholly discredited as to all other matters. It appeared that Mr. and Mrs. Wood (Mrs. Davidson's parents) gave credit to Denman's statement of facts, and continued her in their service. They were anxious that no opposition should be made by the daughter to this suit. He thought that the letter of Mfr. Wood, dated August 28, 1855, proved that Mr. Weod was satisfied that no successful resistance could be made to the suit,-in other words, that he believed his daughter to be guilty. His opinion was now changed. Why? Because he said that he found that Ann Denman bad, as to her declarations to him and to MIrs. Wood, sworn falsely. If Penman did make the declarations to which MIr. Wood bad swvorn, and he believed them, was it possible that he could have advised the withdrawal of all opposition, and leave a daughter, innocent of the great offence, undefended? If he believed in her innocence, why did he not discharge his duty as a parent, and assist lier defence to the utmost? What was the excuse for that strange conduct? WVhy, that he hoped the suit might end in a reconciliation. Looking at the evidence of Penman herself, it was likely that she might have expressed herself doubtfully as to the guilt of Mrs. Davidson, she not having had ocular demonstration of the fact of guilt. He (Dr. Lushington) believed the truth to be that Penman had used ambiguous cxpressions,which were now represented by Mr. and Mars. Wood as stronger affirmations of innocence than they really were, and that Penman had swayed from the strict truth in denying them altogether, instead of admitting them in a modified form. It was clear that Penman had made a somewhat similar declaration of the innocence of Mrs. Davidson to another witness, but he thought that the questions as to those declarations had not been put. fairly. As to the alleged contradictions in her testimony, in his opinion she had not been actuated by any malicious determination falsely to accuse Mrs. Davidson. Her opinion as to the commission of the offence itself had fluctuated, because actual guilt was a conclusion to be drawn, and not a visible fact. It was contended by the counsel for Mr. Davidson that there was a deliberate plan on the part of Mrs. Davidson to abandon her home in the Regent's Park when she went to Paris with her husband, and threw herself into the arms of Bmile Lalouette. The period and circumstances under which her acquaintance with him originated werewrapped in some obscurity. About a twelvemonth before her marriage her mother discovered a letter and a portrait in her possession, and about the same time received an anonymous letter cautioning her against going abroad, as Mlis Wood was about to elope with a young Frenchman. In October or November preceding her marriage in Febraamy Mrs. Davidson was carrying on a clandestine correspondence with a musieseller, and through his assistance forwarded letters to Ialouette. In March money was forwarded, showing undeniable proof of the connexion after marriage. The conduct of MWr. Davidson after his marriage -was kind, affectionate, and indulgent to a fault. WVhatreturn did Mrs. Davidson make? An utter disregard of all the duties which by her vow, and by every tie of gratitude, she was bound to discharge ; and to such an extent did she carry her misconduct that she was the subject of just and severe reprehension fiom her own father. To her husband she was cold and heartless, and what was the cause? A disgraceful attachment, commenced before marriage, and shamelessly carried on afterwards. Mr. Davidson went with his wife to Paris; business compelled him to return to London, and Mrs. Davidson refused to accompany him. What was the excuse for that gross act of disobedience and breach of duty ? A criminal attachment, sad experience showed, could sever the strongest ties by which God and man could bind the marriage union. To avoid that probable explanation Mrs. Dav dson invented, and her counsel, in the distress to which they were driven, adopted the explanation, that religious obligations were at the bottom of the whole affair. The motive was strong enough if the religious conviction were established. He must, however, be convinced that the assumption of the Roman Catholic faith was not a pretext put forth for the occasion. If she was on the eve of embracing that faith, it was strange that there should not be evidence of the fact. There was none, except he was to call attendance at Wellstreet chapel subsidiary evidence. He was not entitled to assume that attendance on any Church of England worship was demonstrative proof that its congregation must become votaries of the Roman Catholic faith. He was of opinion that the excuse wholly failed. No sooner had Mr. Davidson left Paris than Lalouette appeared on the stage, with whom she had carried on a correspondence till the very eve of her departure for Paris. Lalouette then called at her lodgings, and was received by her, and the evidence adduced proved that they had repeated opportunities of comnmitting adultery. He entertained no doubt whatever that the offence bad been committed, and he must therefore pronounce for the separation, according to the prayer of Mi. Davidson.
AD=IATTY COTTRT. 7ITAV17- T'E SAN SPIIRIDIONE. (Before Dr. LuSHN-GTON.) rLIle arguments in this case were resumed by Dr. TWIss proceeding to address the Court on bebalf of rF;e claimant of the ship and cargo, who, he contended, as ; p Ionian subject, was entitled to have his property restored so far as his nationality was concerned. The question to be considered was simply that of domicile under the law of nations. The European law did not apply to Christian merchants resident in Mahomedan countries. That principle was laid down in the broadest form by Lord Stowell in the cases of the "Indian Chief," 3 C. Rob., 29, and the " Hurtig Hane," 3, C. Rob, 126. The decision in the Indian Chief was adopted by Mr. Justice Story in the " San Jose Indiana," 2 Gallison; and the principle-was recognized by Chancellor Kent, in his " Commentaries," page 79, by Wheaton, in his E Elements of International Law," vol. 4, part 1; and by Dr. PhiUimore, in his work on "Domicile under Treaties." The defendant contended that he was an Ionian subject, under the protection of Her Britannic Majesty, settled at Mytelene ; and, if he had not lost his neutral character, he was entitled to the benefit of it. Ionian subjects, by virtue of trading in Turkey, and being under the protection of the English Consul, were precisely in the same condition as English subjects would be. The treaty between Turkey and Great Britain was to be found in Marten's "Recueil des Traites," vol. 5, supplement, and in the 7th vol. of the " British and Foreign State Papers." The privileges granted to British subjects were conferred on all the factories or companies, provided they were enrolled on the British register. The way in which the treaty with Turkey had been viewed by the law of that country would be found in "the Eleanor" (4 C. Rob., 4). Jnder various treaties, the son of a Christian merchant residing in a Mahomedan country for the purposes of trade retained the national character of his father. That question was disposed of in "Maltasv. Maltas" (3, "Notes of Cases"). The title of the claimant to the ownerihip of the vessel was clearly established. The biU of sale was before the Court, the sale having been mnade by one neutral to another. There was no constat that any money passed, but the biU of sale recited that 20,000 piastres had been paidforthe ship. There vere several papers found on board, not concealed, but which would have been concealed had any fraud been intended. If there had been an improper destruction of papers the Court would condemn the claimant in the costs of the captors, but would net condemn the property. The QuJN'S ADVOCATE and the ADM1nIALTY A-DVOCATE repled, and contended that the authorities cited had no bearing on the present question. The COUT reserved its jundgment.
COURT OF BAZNIRUPTOY, Basing all-srWd, May 17 I - l-N RE J. B. FOLKARD. (Bcfomc Ar. Corn zonez r GoUIMUN.) mflle banrupt was a tailor in Jermyn-street. This was a mneetin for the choice of assignees. Mfr. RASER, for a creditor, objected to Mr. Robert Baxter, jun., engineer, as an assignee. Mr. Robert Baxter, sen., was the bankrupt's godfather, and a very excellent godfather he would appear to have been, his name standing as a creditor for 10,0001.; and Mr. Robert Baxter, jun. had married the bankrupt's sister. It was not to be expected that Mr. Baxter, jun. would discharge the duties of an assignee for the benefit of the creditors generally. Tle aggregate debts were under 14,0001., and, notwithstanding there were assets in the form of good book debts alone to the amount of 8,0001. and much other. property, Mr. Baxter, jun., had had the modesty to offer the trade creditors sossmal a composition as is. 6d. inthe pound. If that proposal had been acceded to there would have been nearly sufficient property left to pay Mr. Baxter, sen.'s, claim in full. The debts due to the estate were principally owing by officers now on their return from the Crinea and persons of good station in life. Aia H3oxiov said if the objeetion nad beeni ado to Z,i Baxter, sen., there might have been something in it, that gentleman being in his 87th year; but there was no valid ohjection whateverto Mr. Baxter, jun., when his name was joined with that of Ur. Matthews, who was practically acqusited wfith the banrupt's trade. The proof of Ir. Baxter, sen., had been most satisfactorily established. Choice confirmed. Mr. CEDLEY, for the bankrulzpt, applied for an allowance. The Court granted 41. per week-, su,bject to an increase to 61. per week. 1N RE M. HONEY. The bankrupt was a grocer of Maidctone. His unsecured debts are 6,4001., the assets being about 1,600Z. Mr. Skeat, of Rood-lane, was now chosen assignee.
INSOLV7ENT DEBTORS' COUBT, Iray 17. IN 'Pp. NT('TTr)T.AQ R lV'TPP (Beforc Mr. Commtssiomer P upus.1 T his insolvent, an architect and surveyor in Lincoln's-innfields, applied to be discharged. Mr. Dean, a solicitor and a creditor for more than 5030., opposed. From the insolvent's examination it appeared that about 18 months ago he applied to Mr. Dean to know whether he had any clients requiring advances upon property in Wales, as he had a relatve who was desirons of lending, in his (WVhite's) name, about 180,000l. upon property in that country. After some time the insolvent annoiuced that he was in negotiation with the agent of the Earl of Stamford and Warrington for the advance of 200,0001. upon his Lordship'sproperty in the neighbourhood of Ashton-underLyne, and, after several visits to view the property, an agreement was drawn up between his Lordship's agent and, the insolvent as the lender, but the matter went oflc Mr. Dean had been employed by the insolvent to investigate the title and to make abstracts, which, with other legal services, made him a creditor for the amount now in the schedule. Mr. Dean to-day asked the insolvent the name of the relative for vhom he was acting, and who was to advance the money. The insolvent replied that he could not divulge the name of the party, as Mr. Dean had threatened Chnncery proceedings. The learned Co,n%ssioNER said, unless the name of the cc party" was given, he should assume that no such person existetL Mr. Dean expressed his disbelief ofthere being any such person as the insolvent hadpretended. The insolvent said there was such a person; but to give up his name would ruin the expectations of his family. The learned Coa%Lmissxo?N-ia pressed upon the insolvent the necessity of mentioning the name of his alleged principal, but in vain, the insolvent persisting in the existence of the "party," but steadily refusing to name him. The learned COM31I1SS,I1ONER said, as the insolvent refused to give the name, the Court could only assume that it was because no such person existed. That being the case, the insolvent had been guilty of a gross fraud towards &r. Dean, at whose suit he would be detained until the expiration of a period of 12 calendar months from the vesting order.
CENTRAL BRIMINAL COURT, Satu&rd?ay, May 17. TEIRD COURT. (Bcfore the Co3no,i.-SuxANxT.) This Court, which stood adjourned from Tuesday night until this morning, sat for a few hours and disposed of several undefended cases, not any of which possessed sufficient public interest to warrant a report. The New Court did not sit,. being occupied by the witnesses in Palmer's case. Several of the inaictments have gone over until next session, and, among them, the one against Mrs. Mlilliken, otherwise Mary MrNair, the widow of an East Indian officer, for defrauding the East India Company of her pension as a widow, she having since married;* and the other against the woman for attempting to shoot Mr. Graham, an actor at the Princess's Theatre. The remaining cases were then ordered to stand over until Friday, the 20th, to which day this Court and the new one stand adjourned.
POLICE. Misiox-HousE.-John Mackenzie, clerk to Messrs. M'Andreiv and Co., -was brought before the LoPD MAYOR, charged with having felomously stolen upwards of 2001., the property of his emplovers. Mr. Mullens, the solicitor to the Committee of Bankers for Protection against Forgeries and Frauds, attended for the prosecution; Mr. Binns for the defence. Mr. H. S. Baker, of the firm of M'Andrew and Co., of Allhallows-chambers, Lombard-street, merchants, said,The prisoner was a clerk in our service, and kept the petty cash of the office. Money was givento himfrom time to time for the purpose of being applied to petty disbursements. He hada cashbox, in which it was his duty to keep the money intrusted to him, for which he was to account whenever caUed npon. He also kept a book in which he made the entries of the payments, and it was the duty of the cashier to check that bool from time to time and to see the entries. The prisoner did not draw money for petty disbursements when he had money in hand. On the 15th inst. I had occasion to refer to the book, and noticed that the column ending the 31stJDecember last had not been cast up. I cast it up and found a balance of 89. lls. 5. as being in the prisoner's hands to that time, and that balance was not carried forward. The prisoner was then out, and on his return I poited out the omission to him, and I then observed that the account had not been brought forward from April to May, and I told him to close up his book and I would strike the balance. I waited with him while he did it, and I found a deficiency of upwards of 1001. since Christmias, exclusive of the former balance. We counted the money in the cashhox, and found it was 991. 4s. ad., and, after allowing for that sum, there was a deficiency with the former sum at Christmas of 2081. 13s. Sd. Tho prisoner said he could not account for the deficiency. It was an awkward thing for him. Upon bemg in. terrogated, he said that he had taken out half-asovereign and a sovereign at a time occasionaUy, and that he knew he had taken out to the extent of 501., it might possibly be 1501., and it might possibly be to the amount of 2081. 1.3s. Sd. He said he thought he might have paid money which he had not put down. I told him he might refer to every receipt and document in the office to ascertain if that was so. He looked over receipts, and everything he wished in my presence, but did not discover anything to put down. The prisoner came again to the office yesterday and this mormn:g, and, as no satidactory answver was given, he was placed in custody. The prisoner was then remanded till Saturday next. Thomas Brodie, a most impudent thief, was charged with having committed three robberies. 'The LoPun MAYoR committed him for trial. WoRsurp-sTrxEr.-Joseph Pargiter, 23, and Abraham George Pallett, 28,Itwo constables of the G division, were charged with burglariously entering a dwelling-house and stealing therefrom a quantity of property. The prisonels, who when at the bar were dressed in private clothes, were hallooed and shouted at by a mob of the lowest class alt the way from the station, and were so drunk when brought up that a considerable time elapsed before they had sufficiently recovered from the effects of their debauchery to be placed before the Bench. Mr. Martin, superintendent of the prisoners' division, was present to watch the proceedings. Thehouse robbed was the Anmel and Crown publichouse, in Tabernacle-square, the lanalord of which, Mr. Francis Frebout, did not himself sleep upon his premises, and knew nothing about the robbery until roused up and told of it; Mr. Martin therefore called Alfred Monsey, 102 G, who said,-About a quarter-past 4 o'clock in the morning I was on duty in Paul-street, Finsbury, when I saw Pargiter standing outside the publichouse. I asked what was the matter? He said there had been some one in the house. I said I would go and see, on which he exclaimed, " What have you to do with it? Why don't you keep out ?" 1 said I should keep out when he was a serreaut to keep me out, but not before, and lie threatened to iunch my head I, however, went into the house, followed by the prisoner, who seized hold of my coat and tore it, and threw me down by tripping me up several times. On getting inside I saw the other man, Pallett, in front of the bar, and saw that both men were drunk. I thought there was some. thing strange going on, and went outside, where I saw another constable, .and, the acting sergeant co ging up, I told him at once what I had witnessed. WVe both went into the house and looked about it, but could not discover where any one had- got in, and we therefore went to the back of the premises and examined them, but could still find no marks or other indications. The sergeant then took IPallett to the station, and-(hesitating) .r. Martin.-State everything, Sir. Witness.-Well, Pargiter remained in the house with me, and on the mistress coming down shd asked us to drink. I said, "Thank you, if anything, a glass of rum," and Pargiter said, "And rll have a glass of gin and water," which we drank, he having begged my pardoD for throwing me down. Mr. HAIM5n.-Is it not against your orders to drink in a publichouse? Witness.-It is, Sir. MIr. HAasas1u.-Well, go on. Witness. -Pargiter then asked the landlady if she missed anything. She replied, "I think 2s. in copper;" and Pargiter said he was very sorry it had happened. M1r. Martin.-Did she say she missed anything else? Witness.-Yes; she said she missed some silver, some brandy, and cigars. Maskell, 4 G.-Pallett was brought to the station in Old street at 10 minutes to 5 o'clock, drunk, and, from something I heard, I searched him. On doing so, I found in his great-coat pocket two silk handkerchiefs, two cigars, 131d. in copper, one sixpence, two threepenny pieces, a et, a iece of wire, a tape measure, and a bottle of brandy. P asked him where he had got the handkerchiefs, and he said he had found them in Bath-court. I pulled off his hat, and in that I found 54 segars for the possession of which he could not account. I sent for the other prisoner to the station, and saw him searched too. Nicholls, 11 G.-On Pargiter being brought to the station he was drunk likewise. I searched him, and found in his greatcoat-pockets a number of segars and cheroots, I'd, in copper, two sixpenny pieces, and two small cakes. Li his trousers pocket 1found a cortemonnaie with 12s. 6d. in it. He said nothing about tho Jproperty. Mr-. HA-snEL.-Were they in uniform and on duty? Mr. Martin.-Yes, Sir, but on opposite sides of the road. Edward Eccles.-I am the barman, and at a quarter to 12 o'clock at night closed the house, leaving at half-past 12 o'clock. The servant made all secure after me, and I pushed the door and found it fast. The handkerchiefs producedi are mine; I left them in a drawer in the bar just before I closed the house. The bottle produced I also believe to be one of ours, as it has a part of the label still on it. I lnow 2s. in silver were left a the till, and 2s. in copper on the ledge of the shelf. About half apound of segars are Misslng from a case inside the bar, and those produced are like those we had. I did not return to the house till 7 o'clock next morning. Mir. HA=mrji.-Is any one here to show how the burglary was effected? napector Cole,-It is supposed, Sir, that the servant girl could not have thoroughly fastened the door -when the last vitness left. Eccles.-But I am certain she did-I pushed it. 3r. Martin.-The bolt, it appears, shoots into the flooring, and it is supposed that the hole had got filled up with sawdust from the floor. Mr. HAiLm L.-The servant girl must be present to prove that. (To the prisoners).-What have you to say to the charge? Pallett was silent, but Pargiter said,-I only know that I turned on my lautern, and found the door open, and the segars scattered about the floor. Chief Clerk.-But that is no reason for your putting thenm into your pocket. 31r. H i.rn-I certainly think this is a case which should go to the Old Bailey; but, as the servaut is not here, I shall remaud the prisoners for the present. Mr. Martin.-I hope, Sir, you will allow me to mention that the greatest possible care is taken to prevent men of had character from getting into the force. In each case a good character of at least five years' duration must be produced certified to, by two respectable householders, and in this instance Pargiter, who has been with us nealy three years, was strongly recommended by two churchwardens, while Pallett, who joined the police about eleven months ago, 'was as strongly recommended by gentlemen who had known him for near 14 years. Mr. Ha OiHLLl-Oh, there can be no doubt that every precaution is taken to insure men of good character and conduct, as far as possible. The prisoners were then locked up in the cells, and on being subsequently removed in the van, they were received by the nob with the same shouting and indignant feeling which had been exhibited in their transfer to the court. TsHtcuEs.-Dennis Cavanagh, aged 46, and described us an iron-boat plater, of 28, St. Anne-street, I.imehouse, was charged with cutting and wounding Mary Cavanagh, his wfe, with intent to murder her or do her some grievous bodily harm. The unfortunate woman had bee under medical treatment during the last fortnight, andwas carried into court in a very weak condition from, loss of blood. The evidence of Catherine T'urner, a married woman, and dauglhter of the prisoner and his wife, was given with great reserve, and she appeared anxious to conceal everything to the prejudice of her father. She said her mother came to visit her on Saturday evening, the od inst., and about half-past 11 o'clock at night her father came to the front door and knocked at ib loudly, and while she was opening it her mother went to the window. She could not tell what happened at the window, except that she heard her mother scream very loudly. The mother said that she had put her hand out of the 'window, and had then felt a stab, but did not know where it came from. When the man was taken into custody a pqpket-knife, stained with blood, was found upon him. Mr. William Gills, a surgeon in Poplar, said, he had been in attendance on Mrs. Cavanagh ever since she received the wounds, which were of a very serious description. There was a wound under the left breast three inches long, a stab wound between the lower ribs, a severe cut in the back of the hanid, and the thumb 'was nearly severed in two. The wounds must have been infictedwith great force, since the knife had passed through the woman's dress, stays, and bone. The prisoner, a big Irishman, 'who blubbered loudly during the investigation, said he had no recollection of having hurt his wife; he was drank at the time, and 'what had happened was all a dream to him. Mr. SELFE said, there was no doubt the wife and daughter of the prisoner were screening him, and it 'would, therefore be useless to send him for trial.. He should therefore convict the prisoner summarily, and for this savage assault on his wife he should sentence him to six months' imprisonment and hard labour. LAIMnTr-Jane Vanderstein, a well-dressed, middleaged woman, 'who described herself as a "barmaid," but refused to give her address; and James Barker, who is supposed to be a " ticket-of-leave " maan, were placed at the bar, before the Hon. G. C. NORTow, the former on a charge of shoplfting, and the latter with attempting to rescue her out of custody, and also comnmitting a murderous assault on thepolice. The prisoners, who denied all knowledge of each other, were remanded to a future day. Thomas Coxhill, a cabdriver, badge 5,356, was charged with being' concerned with four men, two of whom are in custody, in the commission of a burglary and robbery at the shops of the MIessrs. Butler, in the Old Xent-road, and removing therefromn pro,oerty to the amount of 250l. The prisoner, in defence, said, he was merely engaged to remove the things, and did so. Mr. lfOP.TON remanded him until a future day.
SHIP NET& LIVERPOOIL STAY IE Wmnd, N.W. Off the Port.-The Fanny, from Africa. Arrived.-TheEnterprise, from St. Domingo-tbe Manchester, from Callao-the Brizes, from Akyab-the Gt;eavus Adolpbh from Dantsic-the Lucifer, from Memael-the Slauggarntn AIbrecht, and the Eilie. from Dantsic-the Fredrick Belm, from 1onterideo. Sailed.-The Gnnet, for Rotterdam-the Amatahea. for Calcuttathe Christiana, for ait. John's, New Brunswick-the John Fraser, for Charleston. The Wasp, hence, has arrived at Mobile. The Neptune, and the Planter, hence, and the Herman, bane arrived at New York. Tne Cora, from Glasgow, has arrived at New YorL The Romance of the Sea, from London, has arrivedat Boston. The Brewer, and the Magistrate, hence, have arrived at New Orleans TheTictoria, from Baltimore for Liverpool, put into New York on the 3d inst., to repair damages, The Credo capszed in the Traverse, and has since anived at Quebec withloss ofmainmast. The Reosin, from Cadiz, saw, on the 10th inst., the vreck of the Paragon, ofThispost,withrndder,mast,and boats gone, in lat. 42, long. S0: cargo. cetton. Trhe Fracisfell in, on the 20th It,,uat10 am.n,m lat. 47, long. 2g being the eastern edge of the ice, wvith a painted chest, marked "City of MIontreal Signal Chest ;" also wvith a part of the stern of a a longboat and four oars; also a keg of lime juica and some vinegar, and some goose candles wrere foating shoot, hut no other wreck was risible. The merchant ship Tchernaya, 1,222 tons register, Captain Tropme, left this port on the llth of ApriL with a filU general cargo and 26 passengers, for Quebec. 'With the exception of a light gale from E.V,on the 24th, ene experienced very fine wreather, until arriving ina long. 34V. and st. 4136 N., on the night of the 3Cth, wvhen she lost fore, main, and mizen topmnasts, and sprung the foremast. RYforts wlere made to keep heron her celure,hot she proved leaky, and roiled so heavily, notwvithstandingpsrt of herecargowvas tbrenotvn erboard, that s.he bore up for Plymoulthwhere she arrived on Sa;turday afternoon. Poring the height of the gale the numbuer of passeagers -sas increased. by the birth of an infant, Lonenon, May 17-Wind at noon, S.W.; moderate breeze, and doudv. Fmxasou, May 1C.-N.W. Sailed, the Neptune, for Bristol-the Sylph, for London. BaizToL, May IS.-Wmnd, W., fresh. Arrived, the Emerald, from St. Vincent's-the Neptune, from the Mauritius-the Earl of Carliale, *rom Rio Grande. Sailect the Phoeix- for Swansea-the LttQe WVest. ern. for Dfracombe-the Hero, for Rarrnstaple. PAins, May 17.-The loss of the Felix, from Port-an-Prince for Havie, in CrookedIsland Pastage,isnow confirmed by a letter from the master to his owner, received vid the United:atates. GRAVESEND, MLLY 18. (BY SnsA s A BsNDRr¶SS TsrLEPILru ) (From Lloyd's.) 4p.m.-Wmd,W.S.W., strong andrain; tide, fourbours' ebb. Arrived.-The Elizabeth, from Memel-the 3Moselle, from Rotterdam-the SirE Banks from Calais-the Diana, from Amsterdamthe Lord John Russell, andthe City of Norwich, from Dunirk-the Stadt Dordrecht, from Dordit-the Enterprise, from Lucia-The Orb, from Guernsey-the Sutton, from New Orleans-the'Isis, fromBuenos Ayres. Sailed,-The Elen, for Barbadoes-the Charlotte Knuth, for Bre. men-the City of London, for Dunkirk-the Aliquis, forPort Adelaldo -theParlsandLondon, for Paris-the Earl of Auckland, and the Batavier, for Rotterdam-the Baron Osy, forAntwerp-the aUnlingen, for Harlingen-the Seine, for Botilogne-the Triton, for Calais-tho Ceonqueror, for Leghorn. MUAY 17. 930 m-WVind, S.W.; tidefour hours' dood,fine. Arrived.-The 3. B.Lamar, from New York-the Albion, from Boue. logne-the Belgium, from Ostend. Sailed.-The Castle Edlen, for Madras-the Mary Black, for Gibraltar. 1 p.m.-Wmnd, S.W. ; tide, one hobr's ebb; cloudy. Arrived.-The Youth, from Rio Grande-the Catharine. from Maza. gan-the Matilda, from Memel-the Aden, from Melbourne-the Ccour delion, fromtheMauritius-theNox, fromRio Grande-the Diolinda, from, from Guernsey-the Anna Christina, from Christinaf-the Skatan, from Buenos Ayres. Sailed.-The Ipswich Laos, for Newfoundland. S p.m.-Wmd, S.W.; tide, three hours' ebb; fmne. No arrivals. Saied.-The City of Hamburg, and the Plqot, for Hamburg-theN Holland, for Ostend-the Rainbow, for Rotterdam-the Williami, for Leer. 7.30 pm.-Whid, S.W.; tide, half dood; rmining. Arrlved-The Active, from Leer-the Esperanna, from Lagos-tho Carolinda, from Cherbourg-the Lora, from St. Lucia-the Thetis from Stettln-the Alliance-the Nesthlia,and the Jubilee. fromGneun. sey-the Dorothea, from Grenada-the Cynthia, from Bueno Ayresthe Atalanta, and theArcturue, from Barbadoer. Sailed.-The Iberia, for Tonning-the New Era, for Hongkong-the Wanderings minde, for Christians. MNY 16. Aiived.-The Prima 'Vida, and the Gesina, from Porto Rico-tho Mangerton, iromBombay-the Laurinia, from S. Lucia-the Lndon, from Accra. DEAL, MaLY IS. (BY SuBXAf&mm: Asni Barnisix TzoWRui.) (Froln'loyd's.) 5 p.m,-Wind, SaT.; very strong. Arrived and Pa;sed.-The Synthill, and The IsIs, from Buenos Ayres -the Crispen, from Melbourne-the Adx, from Philadelphia-the Perthshire Taip from Osland-the Fifeshire, and the Foreigner, from Porto Rico-the Nazarene, from Callao-the Marcia, and 'the Tar n :xia, fromthe Westward-the leber, from Iqluiqui-all for Londlon Arnved and Anchored.-The Lord George Bentinek, from Moulmein forAntwerp-the Simmons, from London for Callao-tho lpavich Lass, from London for Newfoundland. The Mary Black;, from London fur Cadi4, and the Chariotta, from Piga for Oporto, slipped from Anchorsand chains, andisbeingsuppoel hence. MnAs 17. 9 a.m.-Wmnd, W.; moderate. Passed.-The City of Sydney, from the Mauritius for Bondon-the Burlington, from London for Corfu. Anchored.-ThelRunnymede. from London for Fremantle-the BSP Louis, IromLondon for Calcutta. Noon.-Whmd, W.S.W. ; strong. Passed.-Tho Syr, firom St. Lucia for London-the Galatea, from Cantonfor London, 98 days' passage-the Alma, from Havannah for Antwerp. Anchorel-ThefBritannia, from London for Quebec. 2 p.m.-Wmd, WS. W. ;strong and squally. No arrivals. 7.30 p.m-Wbad, W.S.W. ; moderate. Arrived end Anchord-TheMary Blaclk, from London for Cadisthe Edlward. from London for Calcutta-the Adovnhbar Begundee, from London for Lisbon-the Arab, from London for Corfu-thi Transport 162, from London for the Crimea Passed, May 16.-The Mangerton, from London for Limerick. VEssts SpOear Wra. The Lady Ebrington from liverpool for Arica and INay, March 26, in 1st. 53 S., long. 45 NV. The Isabela Anderson, from Port Philip for London, April 9, in lat. 231S., long. 30 WV. The Amazon, from New York for London, Apri 21, in lat. 41 X,, long. SW. TheA.B. Kimball, from New Orleans for Liverpoo1, April 20, or The Eiquity, fromLiverpoolfior New Orleans, ApriI 19, in Tat. 2 7, ThelEli'Whitney, from Savannah for Liverpool, April,27, in lat, The lady Falkland, of Liverpool, bound S.W. Mfay 3, in lat. 4s H,, The Alice Ann, irom London for Mntreal, May 13, in Tat. 48 X., Th Reliance, from London for Algoa Bley, April 12, in lat. 1 W. lTh{.e2,frm theWest Coast of Arca for Liverpool, May 12, lat. 46 N., long. 16 W. HIGH WATER AT LONDON.BRIDGE TIS DAY. Morning .. 28 min. after I1 noon I A .t... 45 mino after
THE MIO2S CTEB WRor -T-hmoN GVN.-The large wrought-iron gun made by Messrs. Horsfall, at tho Hersei Steel annd Iron-works, Liverpool, was fnished last week, an on Saturday it was removed to the north Ehore, at Formhy, where it will betried to-day (Monday), ar to-morror, under the euperintendence of iheutenant-Colonel Wllnott the head of the Gun-carriage Department, and other scientific men. The gun, which is carefully finished and pojshed, weighs 21 tons 17 cwt. 1 qr. 17 lb., and is16 feet 3 inches long, 44 inches e:treme diameter at the breacb, and 27 inches diameter at the muzzle. It is calculated to throw s ball of 3001b. a distance of iive m3les. The gun, 'which has cost Messrs. Horsfall 3,000., was presented by them to the Government with the understanding that it was lo. be " used against the enemy."
- YA AL AKD MLITARY DBELLIaBRCE. Her Majesty's screw mortar-ship Fortlh, Captain Lord John Hay, tried her speed at the measured mile in Stoke's -Bay on Friday evening, which was deemed satisfactory. Her Majesty's corvettes Cossack, 21, Captain Cockburn, and Tartar, 21, Captain Dunlop, left Spithead on Friday night for a cruise of a few days in the Channel. Her Iajesty's steam troop-frigate Transit, C, Commander C. R. Johnson, left Spithead on Friday night for the Crimea, to bring home troops. The Australan steam-transport is ordered to revictual and recoal, and return to the Crimea for other troops. Her Majesty's steam-sloop Basilisk, G, Commander Crofton, left Spithead on Saturday for the West India and North America station. Her Majesty's ship Euryalus, 51, Captain G. Ramsay, C.B., went out of Portsmouth harbour on Saturday, and rejoined the fleet at Spithead. She will sail in a. day or two for the 'West Indies and North Aumerica. Her Majesty's ship Pylades, 21, Captain D'Eyncourt, was decked at Portsmouth on Saturday for repairs. EerMajesty's steam-sloop Prometheus, 5, Commander C. -W. Hope, was undocked after repairs on Saturday at Portsnmouth. She has orders to take ouat supernumeraries to the squadron on the coast of Africa. Her Majesty's steam troop-frigate Megaera, G, Commander Johnston, was docked on Saturday at Portsmouth for repairs, &c. The paddlewheel steam-sloop Hecla, G, Commander Aplin, left Plymouth Sound on Friday for Hamoaze, to make good defects. The screw steam blockship Ajax, 00, Captain Frederick Warden, wvent from Plymouth Sound on Wednesday into Hamoaze. The crev. unbent sails on Friday; they will be paid off on Wednesday, and the ship re-commissioned. The screw steam-sloop Archer, 14, Captain Edward Heathcote, went from Plymouth Sound into Hamoaze on Saturday. The screw steam-corvette Satellite, 20, was placed in the basin-dock at Devonport on Saturday, a leak having been discovered in the vicinity of the shaft. The paddlewheel steam-sloop Virago, G, was placed at her sailing moorings, in H.amoaze, on Saturday, when her crew go-, up lovver yards and topmasts. The screw steamship Algiers, 00, Captain Henry J. Codrington, and the screw steamship Orion, 91, Captain John E. Erskine, from Spithead, arrived at Plymonth on Saturda-,-, and are appointed to go up to Haamoaze to-day. The head-quarters of the 3d Jagers, British German Iegion, was removed on Saturday from Maker Heights to Devonport; and the depot of the G(;th Regiment was transferred the same day from Devonport to Maker Heights. The Driver, 6 guns, paddlewheel steaam-sloop, Commander Ennis Cha:rbers, arrived at Sheerness on Friday night from Portsmouth, waith Nos. 5 and 17 mortar-vessels in tow. The Driver is ordered to be taken into the fitting basin to make good defects, and she is to be stored for foreign service forthwith. The Cressy, SO guns, screw steamship, Captain Richard 1. Warren, has received orders to land her main deck and lovrer deck guns, and to be taken into dry dock at Sheerness to make good defects. The gunboat Seagull, lately commanded by Lieutenant Montaguie F. 0. Reilly (promoted to the rank of commnander), was on Saturday last, at Sheerness, turned over to the surveying department, and the seamen and marines discharged to the flagship Waterloo. Lieutenant John HI. Lloyd, late in command of the Russian prison ship Davonshire, has received an Admiralty order to proceed to Southampton, bein.g appointed as Admiralty agent of transports at that port. He left Sheerness on Friday last to commence his duties forthwith. The gunboat Thistle, at Sheerness, late Lieutenant-Commander David Spain (promoted to the rank of commnander), has aLso been turned over to the surveying department. The folloving pendants a.re now flying at Sheerness:The Waterloo, 120 guns, flagship; the Formiidable, 84 guns, guardship of ordinary; the Hawke, G0 giuns; the Colossuls, SO guns; the Royal George, 102 guns; the Cressy, SO guns; the Merlin, 6 guns; the Firefly, 4 guns; the Driver, 6 guns; the Cuckoo, 3 guns; the Locust, 3 guns; the gunboats Mayflower, Bullfrog, Hasty, Griper, Traveler' Julia, Ruby, Tickler, Thistle, Erne, Pelter, Sepoy, Carna tion, Herring, Mastiff, Sandfly, Magnet, Lively, Thrasher, Srey, Seagull, Manly, Plover, Spanker, Insolent, Louisa, Cechin, Shamrock, and Mistletoe, and the mortar-vessels Nos. 5 and 17. The Vigilant, 4 guns, screw despatch gmnvessel, 200horse power, Commander William Armytage, has arsived at Sheerness from BlackLwall. She is to be taken into the fitting basin to complete her equipment forthwith for immediate foreign service. The Mars, S0 guns, new screw steamship, of -100-horse power, is ordered to be brought forward with all possible despatch; a number of the factory engineers and workmen are at present engagcd upon her. An Admiralty order has been received by Captain G. G.oldsmith, superintendent of Chatham dockyard, directing that the hands belonging to that dockyard lately employed ab.ut the smaller vessels be forthwith transferred to the large class of vessels now building at that establishment, in order to their completion at an early period. The Acorn, Commander A. 'W. A. Hood, is ordered to befitted for sea at Chatham. A detachment of the Royal Marines Light Infantry, belonging to the Chatham division, joinred this vessel on Saturday. The Cadmus, 20, steam screw-corvette, built in the first slip at Chatham dockyard, is completed, and wrill be launched to-morrow afternoon. Colonel H. Jervis, commandant of the provisional battalion, has received an order from the WXar-office, directing hin to hold in readiness the undermentioned officers to proceed with the detachments to India, in addition to those previously ordered-viz. :-Licutenant W,arrington Taylor, 29th Regiment, and Lieutenant Hugh Robinson, 43d Light In rantry. Her Majesty's steam-sloop Rattler, Commander W. A. Feilowes, late from China and the East Indies, was paid off on Saturday at Woolwich. The convict-ship Runnyinede, with a fiull complement of hands, sailed on Saturday from Gravesend for Australia, calling at Portsmouth, &c. IJpwards of 200 labourers were last week discharged from the gun factory department in 'Woolvich Arsenal. The Russian trophies have been removed from the Dialsquare of the Arsenal at Woolwich and stored. The guns are to be cut up, and, after going through a certain analytical process, wil be smelted and mixed wvith British gunmetal for casting purposes. The following appointments were made on Saturday at the Admiralty :-George F. Malcolm, to be Flag Lieutenant to the Victory; A. Dent, to be Lieutenant to the Porcupine; A. Blane, to be Lieutenant to the Niger; E. H. C- Ray, to be Lieutenant to the Niger; T. B. Bounbier, to be -Master of the Fisgard ; W. H. FaNvckner, to be Mlaster to tho Elk; John *Waye, to be Master to the Niger; James 0. Jones, to be Master to the Glatton ; Daniel Pender, to be ,iecond Master tothe Porcupine; William Patrick, to be Surgeon to the Niger; John Lomax, to be AssistantSurgeon to the Duke of lWellington; Charles H. Chambers, to be Assistant-Surgeon to the TWolwich Marines ; Frederick Le D. Bedwell, to be Clerk to the Vesuvius - S. C Hill, to be Clerk to the Niver; S. E. Poquatz, to be iidshipuman to the Virago; and S. Huntley, to be Midshipman to the Tartar. On Saturday the men forming the consolidated cavalry derot at Canterbury, consisting of the 1st (Royals) and the '6th (Ennisldllen) Dra oons,were inspected hy the InspectorGeneral of Cavahry, the Earl of Cardigan. His Lordship wa, accompanied by Colonel Cotton and another inspecting officer. The day was fine, though cold, and the troops looked exceedingly weUl and healthy. There were meany among them wearing the Crimean medal. His Lordshrp arrived at the barracks at S oclock. The men were then paraded in review order in the general exercise field, by the aide of the Military hospital, and went through the whole d! the movements of a field-day in a manner that drew foE-th expressions of approval on the part of the InspectorGeaeral. Having re-formed the line, the troops advanced in Parade order, and proceeded to the stables. At 11 o'clock a geneal parade on root took place, and carbine exercise. Lord Cardigan minutely inspected the men, and made numiereur inquiries as to the date of their enlistment and other particuLnrs. His Lordship appeared to take especial notice e all the men whose breasts were adorned witlh the Crimearn medal, and invariably made some inquiry respecting themn Among the men so noticed was Joseph Jones, a -bugler intie Balaklava charge. On Fridzy evening the trooship Norman arrived at .Xingstown, having on board the remainder of the 5th iI5L'ir5, numberinJg 83 men and a3 horses, under the com-,snd of Lord Killeen. The Cleopatra transport arrived on .&cturday, hainag the Roscommon militia on board, from jflcrwick-on-Twead, rid LiverpooL This vessel will take 9-. a regiment of English miitia from Dublin to their own teO_lp,try. MIIITIA. jsegavan R'egimea marched from Alderzhott camp on Friday;to Farnborough, to embark at Portsmoj4h for Ireland. -They are destined, if report speak trae, for Armagh. jieutej,saasColonel the Emrl of Bective accompanied them, und the be#ihs of the Kerry, City of London, =a(dlst _onmer. sat Regian5t$ played them ouit. This regiment has beeu five T4ontho in-rpx,, and has been remarkable for the good ,cgdnct ofthse en and its general efficiency. The Kerry City of Dublin, ~,^,d AtntrimnKRilesare also held in readi, Zisns retuLrn to Irgigd. I,ueowlling Scot eiL*lmAent ?of sniitif bayve received
ROYAL ITALIAN2 OPERA. Luctrzicz Borgev was presented on Saturday in a style of excellence that left nothing to criticise, and raised the en. thusiasm of a crowded house. Mario and Ronconi, entirely recovered, and Grisi, who, never ill-disposed, was better disposed than ever, gave an tral to the performance which constituted it the most brilliant of the season. Mfario has seldom displayed more energy and zeaL He seemned determined to atone for the disappointment of which he was the involuntary cause on the evening of his r-iun?e, and succeeded triumphantly. His caratina, restored to its placo in the first scene of the last act, was sung wvitl admirable expression and a strength and beauty of voice wholly unimpaired. Ronconi's Alphonso, the dramatic power of which has been often described, was an immense acquisition to the cast; and the capital scene of the opera -where the Duke and Lucrezia alternately administer poison and antidote to the unsuspecting Gennaro-was sung and acted by the three great artists with all its wonted effect. The trio was encored, and at the fall of the clurtain Grisi, Mario, and Ronconi appeared before tha footlights in obedience to a loud and general summons. The death scene of Gennaro, and the passionate grief of Lucrezia, were equally fine-equally impressive. The apathy of which we have had reason to complain, while noticing several perfornances of the Royal Italian Opera in its new and confined abode, was on the present occasion entirely dissipated. The performers, encouraged by the warm appreciation of the audience, redoubled their efforts to please; and the result was what we have endeavoured thus briefly to convey. At the end, after Grisi and Mario were brought forward, there was another call for Ronconi and Madame Nantier Didi6e (whose Brindisi had been encored as usual, and who is sensibly rising in public favour). The four then appeared together, and were honoured with genuine and unanimous expressions of satisfaction. If aU performances assembled that of Lucrezia eBorgirt on Saturday night the critic's task woeuld be both easy and agreeable.
CITY POLICE COURTS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Pcrmit me a few words in reply to Mr. Martin, of the Guildhall Police-court, whose letter appeared in The Timies of yesterday. That well appreciated officer of the Corporation seems to entertain the opinion that no sisan can become acquainted with the siature and extent of the magisterial business of the police-courts unless officially connected with them. Wlhat the stature of the duties is everybody knows. The extent of the business may be meassured by the time occupied in transactmig it, and Mr. Martin would have exercised awise discretion had he kept silent on that. Tlse policecourt at the Mansion-house is open from 12 o'clock until 2 o'clock-occasionally later, but I have authority, quite as good as that of M1r. Mlartin, for asserting that throughout the year the court is not open, on tne average, three hours daily. The Guildhall court is opened at the same hour, and generally for a longer period, but the average is under four hours. Bint, Sir, I contend that two courts are unnecessary. In the extravagance of my estimate I duplicated every officer, but I never contemplated the continuance of two courts less than a quarter of a mile apart. With civic magistrates two courts are necessary, because the majority of the aldermen have private business to attend to, and therefore cannot conveniently take their seat on the bench earlier, so that all the conrnercial business as well as other duties must be compressed into two or three hours in the middle of the day. Every police court in the metropolitan distlict is open from 10 till 5 o'clock ; why should not those within the city be open the sanie number of hours ? One office open from 10 till 4 o'clock would get through more business than the two courts now do, because the magistrate would decide for himself, and be independent of his clerk, which of itself would economize time. Another and more powerful argnment in favour of one court is that all persons having poEce or other business to attend to would know where to find the magistrate. At present it is no unconunon thing to find a merchant himiting an aldermuan from the Mansion-house to Guildhall, and from Guildhail throug h sundry committee-rooms, to secure his signature to souse important document. Exclusive of the city, there are 11 metropolitan police courts and 23 magistrates, which, in round numbers, is an allowance of one magistrate to every 100,000 of the population. The average expense is under 4,1001. for each court. The number of officers, excluding the magistrates, is eight. In the extravagance of my liberality I allow two magistrates for a population of 128,000, and 10 officers to conduct the details of the city court. Whether we have t;wo sergeants of police and two constables, or one of each and a gaoler and usher added, the number is the same. MIy estimate was 4,3551. to cover every expense, allowing 1,500?. per annum to each magistrate. I am told that a salary of 1,0001. per annun is ample to secure the best ability. If so, 3,33.51. would cover the expense, and be within 91. per annum of the admitted cost at present. Mr. Martin asserts that the Corporation pay the magisterial expenses out oftheir own funds, for the benefit of their fellow-citizens, forgetting that the property is the property of its citizens, and if they believe that by a paid magistracy they can get better served than they are at present they are qtiite right in desiring a change, and that change they nlvl speedily effect. Whether the City Marshals, wviti all their finery, are or are not an essential of the civic magistracy is inmmaterial, and whether appointed by the Common Council or the Court of Aldermen is of no importance whatever. I only know that once every year the Chamberlain laysbefore the Court of Common Council a statement of the intcome and expenditure of the city, and under tlle heading of " Expenses of the Magistracy of the City" appear the snarshals, with all their paraphernalia, at a cost of '821. 12s. 5d. ; and the Chamberlain ought to be better acquainted with these facts than Mr. Martin. It requires no sm.all amoumt of assurance for an officer to dispute the official return of the corporation he serves. %Vhethser-we consider the question in reference to popula tion, work to be done, time occupied, or on the ground of economy, no man who studies the question, and is not personally interested, can arrive at any other conclusion than that which I have arrived at-namely, that there is nothing in the case to demand an expense beyond the average of other metropolitan police courts, and that any excess is a wasteful expenditure of the cash of the citizens. Yonr nhedient ---rv+. F. BEN,NOCH. Iday 17.
EXTRAORDLNARY DESTRUCTION OF SHEEP.-During the last six or seven weeks much excitement has prevailed in the neighbourhood of Tregeare, the seat of AMr. John King Lethbridge, in consequence of the great and mysterious slaughter of sheep and lambs belonging to him and the occupiers of the farms immediatelv adjoining. On the first alarm that several sheep and lambs had been found killed, mangled and torn in the most shocking manner, the whole of Mr. Lethhridge's farm servants, and also the fanners in the vicinity, commenced a systematic watch over their flock;s. Yet, notwithstanding, the slaughter continued, sheep and lambs were killed on several occasion, in the very field surrounded by perhaps a determined party of at least 15 or 20 on the look-out. All kinds of conjectures as to the destroyer were made - some were of opinion that wild dogs infested their neighbourhood, others that a wolf was secreted somewhere near the scene of the disasters; then the idea of witchcraft was stoutly maintained by a party. At length Mr. Lethbridge's shepherd had found a clue; he had found a hole lined with dogs' hair in a hedge, and a similar nest in an adjoining plantation. This discovery filled the whole party in the district with hope and encouragement; the men turned out in great force; the locality in fact, was literally surrounded by anxious watchers; but, in spite of all this, the slaughter continued, and, although the sheep and lambs were for the most part k-ied wlithin a few feet of some five or six men purposely watching, no one could -ive the slightest clue to unravel the mystery. SiX weeks tlius passed away. In the meantime MIr. George Adams, of Lidcott Farm, in the very heart oi the district, on Friday week called to his councils Mr. Lethbridge's principal farm servants (except the shepherd) and a neighbouring farmer. M1r. Adams as' *d whether it had not occurred to them as strange that ;Simon Kniver, tlho shepherd of Mr. Lethbridge's flock, should always be the first man to find the carcases of the cattle destroyed. They fully discussed tle Igint, and they found that in almost every instance (and y this time between 30 and 40 sheep had been destroyed) Simon Kniver was the man who had found the slaughtered cattle; that Simon Kniver was the only man, of all the men on the look-ont, who had seen dogs m the fields. He also was the only man who had fired at dogs, and this not when in the company of any other person. Simon, too, had discovered the 'dogs' nests " in the hedge and plantation. This brought to the mind of one of the party that Simon had his hair cnt ab6.t the time the hairy nests were discovered ; and that the hair found therein was very like his own. The result of this conference was, that instead of watching any lencer for dogs, a determination was come to to watch the shepherd; and with this view Mr. Lethbridge's hind arranged to station Simon Kniver to watch in a field, adjoining Mr. Adams's ground, where an eye could be kept on hiim. The rest of this smgular story is soon told. Mr. George Adams was right; but one ewe and lamb swelled the list of those already destroyed before Simon Kinver was detected and in custody. He was taken to Lasunceston to the magistrates on Saturday, and was remanded till Tuesday. On Sunday the prisoner made a most desperate attempt at an escape ; but after a short run was captured. He was brought up before the magistrates on Taesday, and after a lengthened examinationof ;witnesses, including most of the persons who had been victimized, was fully committed to take his trial at the next Cornwall Assizes on two distinct charges, for maliciously killing and :maiming cattle. Since being in custody the prisoner has stated that he did not kill more than one-half of the sheep destroyed, and that he ought not «e suffer for the whole. It came out in evidence that, while watching with others, the prisoner would pretend that he heizd dogs or some singularonise in some particular place near, which he would name; he would then rush to the spot, and affer l-eing absent a short time would return and report the death of either a sheep or a lamb, or perhaps several of each; in this interval he had clain his vice tins. Ths-clears up the mystery. Being the shepherd of ls flock, mandone of the party on the watch, he well knew thear respective sti.tions, and also the exact position of the sheer; aid con}d then easily arrange and carry oat his dialalppose. He as about 21 years old,and ha been in t-heemploy of r. Lethbridge from a boy.-Royal QCns- THE CODUrSSRLIAT CREST ACouN-T.-An accouit Jna4 presented to Parliament shows that the sums received into te Conunaissariat Chest between April, 1854, and March, 1455, amounted to 11,218,6651., end aie payments to 10,68,72., leaving a balance of 65,001. TWe assets of theebeat, on the 81st of Mairch, 1865, w gere 4173OR., which was.~nc-ci~ f 3,25,071, yer he fabilifiies. -
C-RNRAL AMERICA. TO TH1 EDITOR OF THE TTIS3, Sir,-The spirit of your leader to-day is excellent, and, according to the accounts which have been received, the case is fairly stated. It should, however, be borne in mind that all these accounts are written by Walker's own people or by his supporters, so that I consider them worthy of very little credit. There is a difference between Costa Rica and Nicaragua as to boundary, and the same may be said of perhaps every other State in Spanish America, but between the States named there is no war on that or any other subject. The Costa Ricans have simply stepped forth to assist their neighbours in expelling a number of lawless men facetiously called "F ilibusters," but in reality robbers and pirates. Now, suppose that a lot of such fellows should attack any part of England, should we not issue a declaration that all of them taken with arms in their hands would be treated as pirates, and be shot or hung? To me it appears that men who of their own free will rush into such desperate enterprises have no claim to sympathy-that feelin g should be reserved for those whom they thus wantonly and wickedly attack. Mora, it is said, has issued barbarous proclamations-the fact being that he has done just what we should have done under like circumstances. I know him well, and in a pretty long experience of manhind have not met a better man. Moral, humane, upright, and prudent, he has been the means of a prosperity to his country far surpassing that of any of the neiglhbouring States, which have been torn by internial dissensions. He has issued two proclamations. The first of them declared the resolve of the Costa Ricans to aid their brethren. in driving out " all those Americans who had invaded their cGuntry and as, with the usual adroitness of these American gentlemen, this was construed as thouglh meant for peaceable settlers, the second proclansation, made onfollowing the defeated troops into INicaragua, simply used the term "Filibusters." If in the heat of entering Rivas any peaceable persons have been shot, I am quite satisfied that it was not by the consent or connivance of Mora or Isis chief officers. The wonder to me is, that they had not the sense to leave the place, seeing that the locality admitted of their doing SO either by land or water. I regret exceedingly that the Costa Ricans should have left their own territory, for, unless by a perfect agreement among all the States-a thing not to be expected-their force cannot maintain a conflict against the United States; for, acknowvledged or not, it is treated as a war involving the question of American prowess. I think that England would be perfectly justified, if applied to, even under the Clayton-Bnilwer treaty, not only in supplying arms, but in landing troops to dlive out those lawless men whom their own Government will not interfere to put down. But there is another and more extensive view of this matter whlich has long dwelt upon my mind, and in consequence of which I consider that EDgland is in a great measure responsible for the state of anarchy whichl has so long existed all over Spanish America. I remember well when Mr. Canning acknowledged the independence of that part of the world, it was said that a most briliant thing was done, and probably it was so. Observation and experience, however, have brought me to the conclusion that it would have, been2i wiser if, before disowning the Spanish Crown, some substitute liad been adopted by which the boundaries of the States should have been settled, andtheir internal arrangements soordered as to prevent the squabbles of ambitious men, which to the present hour are so fatal to their prosperity. Something of this kind must yet be done, for the position of Central A.merica is suchl, as a great highway of nations, that, if left longer in its present condition, it will be little eke than a field of blood. UInless in every part of it both natives and strangers are prepared to acknowledge the supremacy and submit to the unbridled insolence of the Americans there can be no peace. Scarcely a word can be spoken but bowie-knives and revolvers are appealed to. Iwrite strongly, hut it is of wvhat I have seen. My opinion is, that England, France, and the United States should interfere to pacificate Central America at all events, and that if the last named wvil not join in this good work the others should do it themselves. Let England and France but assume a resolute tone on the side of peace and good order, and difflculties will speedily disappear. If this were done Central America-would in a few years become one of the most important portions of the world, for, in addition to its commanding position, I filaiily believe that for mineral wealth, fruitfulness of soil, and variety of climate it surpasses any place yet discovered. V-- - a A--- R. May 17.
Tn1E Hors SEPuICHRE.-A letter from Jerusalem of the 27th ult., in the Uizirers, says-"The ceremonyoffdistributing the ' sacred fire' which always takes place annually intheChurch ofthe Holy Sepulchre has this year given rise to a deplorable conflict between the Greeks and the Armenians. It was fixed to come off yesterday, and by midday a vast number of Greeks and Armenians had collected in front of the church waiting for the doors to be opened.. A body of Turkish soldiers were drawn up in front of the edifice, and others were stationed at the different entrances to preserve order. WThen thc doorswere opened the people poured into the vast building with great tumult, and then an extraordinary spectacle presented itself-women with children in their arms collected in the side chapels and began chattering loudly, groups of boys romped and laughed, a band of vild looking peasants lhurried to and fro uttering savage yells, Arab women enveloped in their veils extended themselves at full length in recesses here and there, decking themselves with jewelry; some JMussulman beggars impnrdently demanded charity in the name of Chlist and of the Virgin, and wealthy Mussulmans who had strolled in with curiosity looked at the scene with contempt; while a number of Roman Catholic women collected in a side chapel, and Protestants thundered at the doors of the vestry to obtain admission to the galleries for their wives and daughters. After this scene had lasted for some tihe a number of mischievous boys began dancing round the tomb of the Saviour, and in this they were soon joined by men of the Greek and Armenian persuasions. The dancers, many of whom carried yellow candles soon began to indulge in buffoonery, and even in indecent gestures, and then shouts of laughter alose, accomipanied by loud cries and clapping of hands. Presently the Pasha, governor of the city, arnved with a splendid suite, and took his place on an estrade supplied with cushions in the principal gallery. A number of Turlkish soldiers who attended him wvere then stationed, armed with their muskets, beneath the grand dome, but they made no attempt to check the profanation which was going on at the tomb. And now the ringing of a bell indicated that the clergy were robing in the vestry, and that the procession was about to set fom th. Presently out came the procession, headed by the banners of saints and those of the Panagia. No sooner did the people see the banners than they rushed to them, and it was not without a violent struggle that the bearers prevented them from being wrested from their hands. The Turkish soldiers by making a liberal use of the butt-ends of their muskets succeeded in formning a passage through the crowd, and the procession swept on-the clergy chanting psalms, and the 'Bishop of Fire,' who spread benedictions around, being preceded by two acolytes walking backwards and swinging incense. The procession went thrice round the edifice, and the Greek archbishop of Petra and the Armenian patriarch entered the Chapel of the Angel to prepare the sacred fire. The doors \vere closed on them, and a silken cord passed through the staples was held at one end by a Greek and at the other byanrAenian. The people nowpressedintumult towards the chapel, each person anxious tobe one ofthe firsttolighthis waxcandles atthesacredfirewhich wastobepresentedthrough twoholesinthedoors. Theshouts and cries becametruly deafening, and th crowd was so compact that a public mountebank actually ran along the people's heads and shoulders. The onfusion was increased by the Turkish soldiers havlag been withdrawn to a distance, it beisig contrary to all nle for them to witness the first appearance of the ire. At length two streams of light gleamed from the hols in tlle doors, and in the midst of tremendous ecitement the crowd lighted their candles, passing the light one to another. In this wvay, in an incredibly short time, lights spread in all directions and ascended to the galleries. But before lon gin the body of the church a tremendous hubbub arose, accompanied by savage cries. It soon turned out that a conflict had arisen between the Greeks and Armenians, and that the two parties had come to blows. And then a frightful scene presented itself-men were knocked down and savagely beaten and trampled on, shoes and other missiles were thrown at each others' heads; the Greeks, rushing into the vestry, armed themselves with the staves of the macred banners and made arias of thenm; the woodwork of the church was torn down and used as weapons; an altar vwas demolished and the fragments were hurled in all directions; and the people in the galleries tore down the lamps and flung them with rage on the combatants below. The pasha and his men rushed into the midst of the vmace and attempted to restore order, but they were pelted and struck, and the pasha would probably have been seriously injured if he had not been dragged away by some Europeans. His soldiers, howvever, by great exertions, succeeded after awhile in epelling a portion of the infuriated crowd from the sacred edifice. The two parties then turned their rage a siust the thousands of lamps which decorated the feasdc o thechurch-the Greeks smashing those of the Amenians, the Armenians those of the Greeks. Tne Turks at length succeeded in completely clearing the church, though the Greeks in their rage tore up the planks of the galleries and flung them at them with all their fore. When once the people were got out of the church, they were easily dispersed. It was ascertained on investigation that no one was killed, but that about 35 Greeks and about the same number of Armenians were more or lees iniuredsome have arms or legs broken, other eyes scooped out othere wounds from poignards or knives, others dreadful bruised. One poor fellow was trampled on, and had his hairand beard set on fire by one of the wax candles which his aesailant carried. Three or four Turkish soldiers and an oeficer were also a good deal injhred." Theletteradds thatthe next day much excitement prevailed in the eity, andthat an Armenian woman -was stabbed behind by a stiletto as she was going to the Holy Sepulchre . but thlat the local authorities blad taken every precaution for the preservation of order. The Greeks, it is stated, had spread a report that the dis- graeefuls conflict arose in consequence of the Armenians avg,in execuStion of a pre-arzanged plan, wantonly attacked themb; hut, as the Armenians gaFe gallorIlly very pieaceab]o, this was no,t cr,edited.
-. BAILA Y INTELLIGEATCB. OXFORD, WORCESTER, AND WOLVERMAEMPTOV niree meetmgs of shareholders in this company were held on Saturday at the London Tavern for the purpose of ascertaining the opinlions of the holders of the ordinary, second preference, and first preference shares of the company respecting the provisions of the bill now before Parliament for raising 350,000. new capital. The first meeting held v;as that of the ordiary shareholders, who elected Mr. J. Parson to the chair. The CHArmIeas said, the object of the meeting was to ascertain whether the scheme for raising the new capital, resolved upon on the 9th of Way, met their approval ; and whether they considered it a fair and just scheme for raising the money. Since the meeting on the Oth of May he had had communication with the two classes of preference shareholders, anci he found that both were dissatisfied with the terms, and were desirous of certain modifications in their favour. Some of the preference shareholders had stated that they did not think the terms sufficiently advantageous, and would oppose the bill in the House of Lords. The first preference shareholders required as an inducement for them to agree to the bill, that they should have a guaranteed stock of 6 per cent. in perpetuity from the Ist of January last, instead of from the lst of January next, as proposed. They also demanded power to elect either a director or auditor to keep a check in some way upon the expenditure of the 200,000. to be raised in addition to the 150,0007. for the broad gauge. The guaranteed shareholders contended that the first preference shares should not be converted into a guaranteed stock, and that they should not be guaranteed to a greater amount than they would be injared by the proposed new preference stock, say to tho extent of 10,000?. per annum, or whatever the increased charge might be. Mr. Grisewood had already stated his views on that subject, and unless his suggestions were complied with the party he represented would oppose the bill in the House of Lords. He (the Chairman) understood that the ordinary shareholders were dissatisfied also and that they considered the terms were too advantageous to the first and second preferenceshareholders, and injurious to them. At a recent meeting of the directors and Committee of Investieation, it was agreed that it would be impossible to settle the differences by meetings of the shareholders, and it was thoughtthatthe onlyplanwould be for each class of the shareholders to select three members to form a committee to act on their part, making a committee of nine to represent the three classes. It was thought probable that such a committee might devise some means by which this matter could be settled. It -was necessary that the debts of the company shiould be paid, and its credit re-established. Unless all parties could be satisfied, it would be impossible to obtain the biU this session; and, unless the bM be obtained, the company must remain in trouble. He vas prepared to show that it would be right to support the resolutions passed at the last meeting on the ground that they were fair and reasonable. He then entered into the whole question at considerablelength,as it affectedeach class of the shareholders, and recommended that the resolutions already agreed upon should be adhered to, with any addition of auditors to control expenditure, or any other thinig that couild insure fair play to all parties concerned. He concluded by moving a resolution to the effect that a conimnittee, consisting of three ordinary sharelholders, be appointed, with full powers to settle the terms. Mr. WAYGSTAFF seconded the motion. Mr. TAUNToN hadgreat objection to the creation of liability upon hability, as itpostponed the chance of a dividend on the ordinary stock to a very distant period. With regard to the 1500001. required for the broad gauge, lie thought that might be met by some arrangement with the Great WVestern Company. It was natural under the circumstances to ask the latter company to assist them on the common principles of justice in laying down the broad gauge, or to lend them the money for the purpose. They could then fall hack on their own resources without raising any further money, and reduce their working expenses, which he considered we-e very high. They were acting in hostility to the Great W'estern by diverting the traflic from its legitimate source. They should have no exclusive agreements or diversions, but allow the traffic over their line to flow through its natuial channel. A long discussion ensued, in the course of which it was stated that it was a mistake to suppose that the working expenses were increasedby the traffic being brought over 78 miles from the junction near Oxford to London, viO the London and North-Western Railway. The latter company only chargedthem for 60 miles, but by the Great Western liailway to Paddington the distance was GS miles. There were considerable advantages in working on friendly terms with the hNorth-Western and Midland Companies. The motion was then put and carried, and Mr. Grisewood, Mr. J. Parson, and Mr. C. Whetham were appointed a committee to represent the interests of the ordinauy sharelolders. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the proceedings of the ordinary shareholders. A meeting of the guaranteed or second preference shareholders -was then held, Mr. Grisewood in the chair. MIr. Co-x objected to the conunittee having full powers to settle the terms, and he protested against any shareholder being bound by that arrangement. On the motion of the CLummusN a resolution was passed, appointing 2Mr. Cox, Mr. Fenton, and Sir la. Peto a committee, with full powers to represent the interests of the second preference shareholders. A meeting of the first preference shareholders was then he'd, and Mr. H. H. Maude was elected to the cliair. The CHAIRMAN supposed there was no difference of opinion on the subject of electing a committee with full powers to settle the terms in question. Mr. J. Locke, MP., Mr. J. M. Parsons, and Mr. Wagstaff, were appointed a committee to represent the interest of the first preference shareholders, with full powers to settle the matter upon such terms as they might deem expedient. It was agreed that the representatives of the three classes of shareholders should meet as a general conunittee of nine to settle the terms upon which the three classes of shareholders should agree to the raising of the new preference stock, -A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedings. RAILWAY DIVIDENDS, From a comparative statement of the accounts of railway companies for 1854 and 1855, compiled by Mr. J. S. Yeats of Warford-court, and published by 'Wessrs. Waterlow and Sons, it appears that the dividends for the vear 1855 on the ordinary stock of railway companies in the united kingdom w-ere asfollows :-On the Lancaster and Preston, 91-5 per cent.; Stockton and Darlington, 9; Dublin and ingstowvn, S ; Taff Vale, 7; * Lancaster and Carlisle, 74; Monkland 64; Furness, 6; Olster, 51. Os. 6d.; Dubln and Belfast, - Great Southern and Western, 5; London, Brighton, and South Coast, 5; London and North-Western, 5; Londonand South-Western, 5 M lidland Great Western, 5; Neewcastle and Carlisle, 5; Scottish Central, 5; Belfast and Ballymena, 41 ; Bristol aud Exeter, 41 ; Dublin and Drogheda, 44 ; Great Northern, 41; LancasEire and Yorkshire, 44; Caledonian and Dumibartonshire, 4; Dynvi Valey, 4; NorthEastern, Berwick, 4; NorthLondon, 4; North Staffordshire, 4; INTorth and South-Western Junction, 4 ; Vale of Neatl, 38-; Glasgow and South-Western, 34; Midiand, 3i ; South Eastern, 35 - East Lancashire, 3A1; Maryport and Carlisle, 31; Scottisn Midland, 31; Dundee and Arbroatb, 341 lorfolk, 3; South Wales, 3; Whitehaven Junction, 3- Belfast and County Down, 2 4-5ths; Blackwall, 24; NorthEastern, York, 2X- South-Yorkshire, 2: ; Caledonian, 21 ; GreatWestern, 21; Eastern Counties, 24; lri-sh South-Eastern, 21-12th; Dunda;k and Enniskillen, 2; Edinburgh and Glaseowv, 2; Birkenhead, lR, I (endal and Tindermere, 11; South Devon, 1 1-5th; KllMarneyJunction, Il l EasternUnion 21s. on A, and 14s. on B stock; North Western, * Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee, l0s. 7A.d. * Manchester, Sheffield, and Laneohlshare, !,, and Dundee and Aberdeen Juletion, A per cent. ' RAILWAY TRAFFIC. It appears from a return just issued that the total receipts from all sources on railways in the united kingdom for the halfyear ending the 31st of December last, amounted to 11,613,5501. against 10,791,1211. at the correspondinu period of 1854, showing an increase of 822,429?. The receipts from passengers, parceis, luggage, aud mails amounted to 6,013,6071. from general merchiandise 3,724,2921., live stocs to 224,2691., and minerals to 1,651,3821., making together 11,613,5501. Thegrossreceipts of the railwaysin England and Vales amounted to 9,912,975Z., being, an increase of Go4,5261. over the corresponding period of 1854. The total receipts in Scotland amountedtol,146,5401., being aninerease of S0,9531. over the corresponding period of 1854. The total receiptE on railways in Ireland amounted to 554,034l., being an m- crease of 86,9101. over the same period of 1854. The total number of passengers conveyed over the rail'Ways in the united kingdom for the half year ending the 31st Of December last was 66,779,985 against 60,839,303 al the corresponding period of 1S54, showing an increase ol 5,940,682 passengers. The number of first-class passenger, conveyed was 8,567,524 ; of second-class, 21,975,443; third. class, 13.074,091; Parliamentary-class, 23,148,3729 and periodical ticketholders, 14,553, showing an increase in the number of first-class passengers of 666,520 ; second-clas3, ol 1,624,940; tlhird-class and Parliamentary, of 3,647,947, and in the periodical ticket-holders of 1,275. The general merchandise conveyed weighed 12.335,827 tons~, and the minerals, 18,090,030 tons. The heads of live stock conveyed amounted to 4,747,810 during the half-year. Therieceipts for the first-class passengers amounted to 1,575,6491.; for the second-class, to 1,847.6901.; for the third-class, to 54G,G70l.; Parliamentary to 1,301,0261. ; and periodical ticketholders, to 51,654?,; together, 5,352 690?. The receipts from horses, carriages, luggage, parcels, and mails anmounted to 627,1401. The length of railway over which the traflic was carried at the cor^- mencement of the half-year, was 8,115 miles, and at the end of it 8,'296 miles, shsowing an increase of 181 miles in the length of railway during the half-year. The length of railway open at the commencement of the corresponding peried of 1854, was 7,803 miles, and at the end of it 8,053 mniles, showing ans increase of 250 miles during the halfyear. _ a TRAFFIC RETUIRNYS. Miles Poa- Mer- Total, Tota, Railwas open. sez ers chandise. 1S6 1855. Month ending January. West F1anders - .. 75 . . -. - .. 2,723 . 2,323 Week ending May 10. Peebles -. -. - .. - .. 145 IRISH RAILWAY RTURNS, MAnE Us TO rTE lirEpcrVM DATES AS UNDEr.. NameofRailway. S.6 £d i 4. Belfast and Ballyuena, 3May10 . 93 1.0 5 .. 827 S 8 Belfast and County Down, lay 1l 280 1 10 . . 23816 3 Cork, Blaclr;k, and r'assage, May N 175 13 0 ,. 356 11 s Cork and Bandon, May 10 .. .. .. 290 13 4 . 269 19 4 Dublin and KinX stogn, Mayv 10 . 743 6 I . 74818 2 DublinuandWiclow,May11 .. S 57 4 5 .. 282 13 0 Dublin and DroEheda, AMay 11 . . . 1,49719 S . .1, 16 Dublinand Belfast Junction. May 11 1,05O18 1 -- 3,00612 4 lntereet on Naran Branch . . . 103 0 O . 29 0 0 Dundalk and Euniskiden. 'May 11 31.32 611 . . 2B9 6 8 Great Sabthern andWestem, May 10 - 6,943 6 0 . 6,486 211 rish SEulh-Easter, May 10 -. 249 2 0 .. 315 1} 3 KilarneyJunction, May 10 .. 283 3 0 . 196 13 5 LondonderryandE iskmena MaylO.. 637 9 2 .. 614 9 7 Londonderry and Coleraine, May 10 328 9 10 . 244 10 S Midland Great Western, May 11 . 3,721 6 5 .. 3,113 18 3 Ulter, May 4 .. . . . 1341 1910 ..1,26711 3 WaUr-ford and Kilkenny, May 10 .. 2eo 2 6 226 2 4 Watjtp rldnd Limaerilcl, MaylO 10 1,1X0117 7;; 084 9 3
SALES BY AUCTION. By SOUTHIGATE and BARRETT, at their Rooms 22, Fleet-street, TEHS EVENISG, and two foUowing evenings, at 6, NGRAVINA=GS and Books of PT-ints of a valuable and important character, by order of the Executors of the late W. B. Cooke, Esq., the celebrated engraver. May be viewed and catalogues had, WatersidePrennses, apping SHE[UTTLEWORTH ill SELL by AlUC- TION,thm or tp of by private contract,) the LEASE of tbose most esi IISES stuato at329 appig; comp rising warehouse, loft, andsureness. tent£32, worth £80. For further partoiulars apply to M3r. Shteworth, I, Chapel-a Poultry; or to Mr. Thomas Brain, 115. Aldergt-re. To Linendrapers, Hosiers, and Silinercers. ,i. WVALTER BURTON will SELL by AUC- TIN this rooms, Broadway. Ludgate-hill. on Thursday, 99d of May, at 11 punctuaUy, 400 lots of usefuLl DRAPERY and SILKMIERIIEY, principally new stock. On vievw day prior, and catalogues had at the rooms, or by post. * arwick-square, Belgravis. f FREDE. JOIES is instructed to prepare for 41LSAfIaDby AUCTION, a very desirable RESIDENWE. situate in using the gardiens of Wtarwicdk-sqfuare. °It wisheld for abhou pr yiears at asowY ground rent. Further particulars maY be bad by applying at lila ottice, 72, rark-stireet, Grosvenor-square. I','B. It maybe treated for bV private contract. To Gentlemen, Florists anai othem ilfESSRS. PROTHEROE and MORRIS WMiISELL 1 by AUCTION, at the 1alrt, on Thusmday, May 22, at 12. a irst-c]law COLLE(TION of FUCESIAS, verbenas, petunias, dablias, climbing and other roses, calceolarias, &o., also geraniums, and other plants in bloom, wvith a uine assortment of ornmental plants for bedding. Mlay be viewefl the morning of sale, catalogues had at the Mrart, and ofthe auctioneer .,American Nursery, Leytotne. Easet. Kingsland-road.-Compact Leasehold Estate, produicing a net rental of £12 2s. per annum. MstESRS.TOPPIIf and CLAR will SELLg bv MESSRS.CTON, at the Mart, on Wednesday, Mfay21, at 12, NIl well-bulilt and respectably tenantedDlEV} TG-HOTJSEg. fitted w ith all requisite ictures, and in excellent repair, situate in Phillirs-street, near tine Canal-bridge. Kingaland-road, and held for an unmexphred tenrn of 49 years. I'articulars at thelMart; of 1V. Samler, Esq1., 3, Gray's inn-squlare; mnd of the auctioneer, 7, Coleman- street, city. Twickenbam, Middlesex. I-P. GOATLY will SELL by ArUCTION, (if not previously disposed of l at theoPrinoc Blucer Inn, Twickenhamgreen, on ed tnesday, Mgay 21, at 4, a PAIR of UTSLFINISHED semidetached VILLAS, of handsome elevation,wvell drained; aso several P lots of eligible Building Lnd, delightfully situate, and a few minutes' of the rail-ay station. For further particulars apply to NathL Martin, Esq., 1. Qucenhritie; the place of sale; and of the auctioncer, Tiviekenbam-green. Sale To-mnorrow.-To Bookbinders and others. MB[R. JOKf~ JIUFORD will SELL by AUC17L TIO N,, on the Pa mies 1, gNmBigh2ewBsloU6ghall1-starDee, city, To}PEESSES, Jlre- proof safe, pair of 21-inch globes on standts, mabeguny chlairs, couch, chimney-glasses, bookcase with secretairc, engravings, and effects. On view romoring of sale, an d catalogues had,-A uction anld estate offices, 20, Throgmorten-atreet, city. Tbo capital premises to bve let. To Timber Merehants, Cabinetmakers, Carpenters. Builders, rc. Cl LEARY and Co. will SELL byAUCTIO1N, on the Njt Premises, New Inn, Broadway, Curtaiu road. Shoreditch, on Moqnday, May 26, at llprecisely, byorder of Mr. J. F. Mitchell, who is relSnquishie the premises and removing eneby to 121. CLrtain-road a first portion of his excelent and wel-seasoned STOCE; consisting of lIonduras, Spanish. and Cubamahogany, indfitches, planks, aadbhoards, fine Ameican birch. rosevood, csbrrawood, maple, and eatinfoon, dry pine deals, &e. To be viewed twvo days previous to, and on the memiug of sale, when catalogues may be had on the premises; and at the offices of the auctioucer. 70. Old Broad-street, city. Stone Q-,arries at Turton, near Bolton.-By hMesers. L.OMA and HOtel Botnde onhednveatday, Mhay 28, at 4 inGhtahe afternoon, in our rpHE Leasehold Interest in the Ouzle Nest Farm, in Turton, consisting of 12 acres of land, ano the very valuable and extensive stone quarry thereon. Also thoLeasehold Interest in the valuable and extensive Stono quary, in Tinton aforesaid, called Cock's-green Quarry. Both qunes yield the finest ashla- blocks and pavins ets and are in the best working condition. Thepurchaser v,iLl nave the option of caking alU or any part of the exinelsve plant and fi - tures now on the quarries at a fair valuation. For particuar3s and cards to viewv apply to the auctioneers- or to Messrs. Bloxam and Eilison, solicitors, l, Linoain's-inn-dields, Ilondou, The Perpetual Advowson, vwith Next Presentation to the Living of Guestling. in the county of Sussex, ESSRS. WINSTASLEY have received instruc- A tiJ ons to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart,THIS DAY. Mayl9, the valuableand most desirable CHURICH PREFERMENT bmin' the Perpetual Advoweon tothe Rectory of Guestling, which is aelightfully situate, in the beautiful and healthy district between Hasting and linchelsea, about foiur mies from the former and three from the latter. The parish consists of about 1,380 acres, the ropulation of aboutll0l. The tithe3 have been commuted into a rent charge of £G10 'Per annum. independent of those on hop grounds, consisting of about SI acres. There are 47 acres of glebe and a first-class rectory-house of a mhost substantial character. with stabling and ofiices, erected during only last year by the present incumbent, who is in the 3Sth year of hi3 ate. Particulars may be obtained of. lessrs Banken, Ford, LongbouTne, and Vickerrurn, solicitors, South-s4uare, Grays-inn: of the publshersof the Oxford and Cambridge journals; at the place of sale.- zi,d of Mesrs. Wiistanley, 10. Paternoster-row. Manor House and Bose Cottage, Petersham, Surrey.-Genuine House- hold Fumiture and Efeecs. TI DREW has received instructions to SELL by 11* AUCTION the FURNITURE and EFFECTS of both the above RESIDENCES, that of B-ose Cottage on- Weanesday, Mlay 21, and that of Manor House on Thursday, Mfay 22, at 12 forI each day; comprisingmodernand supeiormabogany four-post and French bedsteads and hangings, prime bedding, manogany chests of drawers, waslstands, dressIng tables, and the usulal bed chamber furniture, Brussels and other carpets, damask window hangings, roeewood. loo, sofa, and occasional tables, rosewood chairs and conches, brilliant plate chimnoy and pier glasses, mabogany telscope dining tables, ma. hogany dining room and easy chairs, ecxeleUnt eight-day br,cl;et clock; several lots of plate and plated articles, a few oil paintings, and en gralvings,book;s,chnua, gla, linen, kitehen requisites, ga-rden roller, garden benches. andotherclfocig. Maly be viewed on TuedanyPre. vious and momuings. of sale. Catalogues had ontbepl samue at the in ns in the nei4hbourhood; and of the auctioneer, Geor5e-streeS5 P,itlti mond, Surrey. I~~~~~~~~~~~~~~e fron0-nd R-ents,, NYevfintoc golrgy, nearly eOui! in valca! to feehDlIf. J~JESSRS. 1H. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS will byLSEL wA 1010,\, at tBeMar,t onFriday, 'day ll, at 1, in one lut. GROIUND RENrS. amounting to 27 ISs. per annum forM1 'ears, amply secued and arising frons 12 hou2es and sbops in U,.- bridge-stre,et andlUmbrid e:P1ace Neseingt0n, Snrey. Maybe viewd ktsn ,Clement'S-lane Lombardstreet; and of eMer. H sy Xrawn nd T. A, Roberts, ~22 Throgssorton.street. Holloer. omise Frehol Reience, withpoesin H.BROWN and T. A. ,OmTSwl AUCTbAA . at the Mart, on FridayMa3.at1,i hiollowaynlace thesouthesi e of the ai oloayr4eai thd soliitor SAfly-lace Hoborn andof esst.oery 31BTrogmortnll T. A. Roberts, 22. ThandoTmoA.onostrtat. Upznrnerrkeley-d,sL erge Idgsein theead.stlCompahe Inetmehtd ~ASSRS. Ha. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS wiall il SELL by AUCT'ION, at the MTart, on Friday. May 30, at 12-, by dwelling-froum an ca-pitauesdene fou, huseem Beronley-stree t, edfr term,r-shereof18yar ilh andexonngPrbmplaeedn atheodcupatieonet at ra groundbl renant ofatrert aoutnnum, an2sdPe inmcadhed for tewoetr es1 days ater v0herefS yeamsn fare-uevieed by lavgon en of the tennt and pua jay~vew adrnted priuashdo r laIim-atr,shadcioflr.WI,TromAr~totslctr31Thonotnstreet; at the Masat; and of Messrs. H.BrwanT.ARoet,, Thrownasotn-sTre. A_-oel~2.Trgaro-tet Cooaecil-sad lt,Groe.onge's enthe Familyxnac R esideneleitd ]3RS H ROWIN and T. A. ROBERTS wil 31 SELL byAUCTION, at the Mlart., on Friday, MaRy 30. at 120. 1y-deirabl te pLEpSetorD PRoPnarTYd, comupriingar dweing-hbultsem aNd.so. 20 Irulanstam-lce.a Rekroad, Coesnithnercil-Poad; alor a e dlln-house fandl scoptaindn foure bedooms,emsinfgevonort-te td poite Arorqmr,adadonn arhmpac.i h oraupaiodf sp 4retalaensur;aheld amutngoq-r19 eauunadhl o s.erW hee; le rsar3eunxpiredat ata ground rent o £3 per n- num. .1nyh bewved, anprndparitidparhcuadofha 0r.m,Mesatt, Brwnan d . A. Roberts, 2, . Throgusorton-street,' Clsnhaasnsotub,-TliaeGrolddea-chnein asl eiec,w ESSRS. H. hRoiis.Sablng A. ROBERTS w%ill SELL ;Sby AUCTIORN,aVtNthe tMart, on Fridav, M1ay 30,a2. at 2no der ontri of tueltrotritor,dgoingYabroad, nCsueriorobrick-built semi dtaheesdeeofMs REIECl,o aeingsomeelsevain. n pleasantly situate,o hocs sieo. 20, hter alnen-teace, tfew G ae rove maanrnih adapted forio areprispetarle faily ecelntann orve bed rooms,n dessing recambr, drawin-, ding, andbrdinfag rooms, excell.entrdomestic andiestwulied. gardem plnntd gorde-ourt heldsfo 57-sars unexpired atoaprouind urent of one acre. TolSlavebeyvicew andy printed particularsmhadyf essrs. Llrown an d T . A.L I oerts. 22 . Throrogroton-street, fihmtcest lu utancery- housa , Stablig Gren iX ESSS. 1. BROW anT.A ROBERTS wfil SELL by 'UCTION at theMart ci Wednesat,Jn 12. atmo the reidncets oft Mts. Cavproaiongo,dcased, pleasanty stoant ondro the s oprenissz ar (ineclleMnthorder and bontai eitht bedson chamber, drawing nd dnin recams, libary entraince hartoflo 52d hestibule anumerou prdomestic ofile bont7 enientl arc-lerannume paveedwcan-tg-ahyard, detacwihe stbopng, coach-house, wtlotand 13 on-ma en'sroomave, swbiel- cacre, Tolet cawedt byoutinketsonly.P Perinedarimumbldfrs may bne ado Sir. 4oh Dingswatl soicitr, Taknbumeard and ofx Mwellnossrs aRein Brw 2adT A. Rober6, a2d Throgortona-strcet, ofmr wh-oad,ticke-st view mayat be had,. aybeieed adpine John Cesmip. of deceased.lz'q. Thi sE by.Frntr AUCION at heMar,antednedy Junioes, Cat _ate of thea Mrbolls,h madeintTHIScue LDASEHOLay ES, tAT fr1ReS ciey UNTR,comprising awlln-oOeaDso, carth possessiona, fnoy, and High-r stabeet, seitsfcharlsideb(owafrming part of dnon ta2)a heldmfo an- pierlared ~ termssofsabdonth1ears catr0pets ranm; hre a dwealling-houstes (tOwith shops), bednog812 wandrobe, chetsouf-ae Nmewrsa, ba hi-te-ds chael,in theatolet atretsamounin Itoen peru annum, held. fothr enfunexpy ired tieerm 4 yars cata£7gues hannmdn. ixwlighosad Rhes Ns J,2,o , nd 7hre, PuInortgl-pae,t Cabrde-rad l expi oredterm of t9 eaFrs tv4Aor nnu mge, May thevied dpnt pN'adticnrohad (gara) tthe Cyon llwaeyo eStatis, Jeknonmetn 21ndatenk fson,1solicitors, HOUClEmen'sLan,ct;oD. .~yeE morton-street,t crity.ock AI/R. ROBERT REID will SELL, at his Rooms, Il Great Mlaxlborouigh-street, nThmsday, Way122, at 10frI pre-ie cisely,OC obNITfl aCLOmpIRisnl camrd,!n olckasioth fancy, and other tables, selts ofrchairs, sieboardsn, moainoinin tables,or cbimnsyand pier-ta glasse, Bussels cr.and mother carpuets, Frenc moesdsleeve,anbdsotheads wibth hangsing,bedn, wa Ardrbes,vcheststof draweprs,r badmoin-staD, salabe. vihewe,adcatalogues nybhad. Re. 16oe Storley 01cand-Inseent.-Cr IOy-ln, ent MJR.A ROBOTHRI willl SELLL by AAUCIO, t the Ma y rder of the Pro, VisionalAseignee.aqtahedPeiss 61. ONew baedn-goad, neak rcthearoydosent RaileaSaton, -ond WdserdPO- years 21.oatn1 fretL.Ltta'hgl Urprecisely,HOUSEHOLDtFURNITURE coperisn window curains, chirs,d lartabule,s at cttae pirt,andofore ,-usseAbra carpeotl,fedr auUerand. e-stn,Fatei agent,-s CartndbeddVinga. aiebetso drwes,andehodEchamber furnieturae,adaptnt o mcuatingl;asoh smaliSoc Nof a0 Groso-ilder, consitiongrofadea boars, quyarteig, drouain pies,"6,000plc ianedtotr bricks, arndther affects I Mas ber viewed. thye moringeof slarule.Cattlogues haao the remises,hamdoftM, aobertnReid. 40, Groeat Mageorng,h-sutonbllele,Cadn-od oppoite he Beelm Clothiers. Sok lIjR. RB ERT REID will SELL,by tUCTION,Roomsi ±11 Reat,19 a deeborourl-tr eet, tr~re on Thusa, ua 2 t1pecsely, A er,ie STOC ofl ah CgTeEnu cmpiin g blackLD cloTh REomk ang rs coattrs,plo ovderoat, velveten, moleskin,f adcrdwrs coats andjLackal, cloth,l udoe cord,ad.rmoler tarouers, fender, amoleskirn,lev, andl otherd waistclogywats,shrts,be,Ma betso vimahogdany priing tadlmorninstor Fvsalehndcatalgues-. May beliewd. nctdgebd Fno.16 Steak rhard-crestcntHllanowayem. 1~jI. A BOOH wll ELL GAUYJi , atL the iV,LMar, o Thrsdy. My52 a emidtcherliad RESWdENCe, risin 16,StockOrehr4-crseen, Csldonin-sa, esei of yeelears, ham ooth autioner nd. stat agnt, . C satnhle,iland,catna iaseholdure Estate, for Wnvetment for Occupatieneofn, e M jR. IIA.BOOTH vill SELL by A'UCTION, at the TL Cmart,cb husayg Slayford, a dfet~ached. tLLAhe2stoDENCE rant U5 for1. Rtieelmatedt proUce aTREntlof6 girurini i eastper an May behvir,ewded.oardticlars,lo aat teotaert,andle , Abrha Blooth,an oppoms itemthe,trepmolek rms. l adUorbout=.T 1'.~vieedtemoniHousaehold FuataoguesandaEfet drs. yos of YMr. HubIr,lnd~ agelt SELLrd by eCIO,ttss .Lte ROoms 10.be RydeFr,s-cur, 1,etantern ontero.t on tuesday, May 0,atd Sfc,the gelinusaineh HOUSEHOLD rbih isttolbe.imdit comprsn maheny,fu-ot adepnd.rec esed, ete es mtResses, R aibesln,aignstrchestslof draers chailon andof, tbRusel and Cddrmineter carpets,~Ti fenersdndie-iosda,ad M. an8o-i2 sltememDhBga stardrob,net of mahoglany puhsdining theabove regiter cVesandhan ngelHbrtEs.q&.Myevee, and th e.D-rcatlges 'had.mbr prssancy90 Sock, Brerli Godsand sapinseolansof Ithems, agedmn Cataogis b hadat te ins i thenechburchyard, on audsfee-b plain an Ioh a glass, bronedt'atfrdle, alebaste iues a cases, uotemobnes, Bri n.ohrwasip,figs rm mingsHpatern dr, ules. comne Horks,eavas ademiscellaneouithem. MR. HUDBEN WHIll SELL by AUCTION, a h on3, Cornexchange Wa 2at 1ford onurWeduealy, net lahe assotet of Stao, an11Afor12the well-mad spe FUd fTIJR, ons p, rsaingsi, feoathers edawss, five e mahoanlceststof drawesb,a wa prdrobe diin tabe,etn hai cair, ideoad,cad lo o aa Erothrdables, two clocks,andig trmetman usitms,teproprtyto of sulady, anedhf fore absoutesae,rTof bey vriewedth morsing of sale, ahnd catalogues may be had.fe yps of SI, Hubert,landagnt,oefortead, Harets. lineOak timePreadmir. 9c,. standingle Mon the it-iae,o h Wntlord dayndeSt, Mian24 ratIPnchtRailwy, whchi toe beuie immdately anfctu/red HOUSEOL FR'XTUIsistructempbysthe Lourpsnd onaed bste Rmand. Crown bdinn, watfrdr,e~eet onfWdnaesdy ly2, wastan2, alchera TIEsandingle onsss autbe ualanedpuchasbedfr thpendagoe- line, hing passe throughr tie wel-knwnwood osstn offithleEalt d ot Eser, Nataniezlo cibard,I q, and ocsoa thbe Rev ).tricoure.n Thettimbcoercomaprik,cesfaout e00 oak treglsseand aplings,rany paoforthemb Soflargedimen saionst 1p0iarchrt and Soteoachades, and.dng rothes, taybme voniewed Catalogestmay bedehadat thelecp innsing thbe 12ghborooeand, free- by poat,bfera, indulgert, lands agent Weatford, Herlets aia,sfai letoer Househotalder, Bruilders, House fe orl aitors, sod oters, abR. EDWIN.o WHITE, om llmentlL byms annuCTmION,s w7-o-~ithdoutreserve, atiseRos, 170, ttheopate-soireautwitouter, onwooisay -plavce. atlfeopr2 punctually Upp are Bakssortent. ood ThGapesRetaGIifl Wine splnd Sidi fsalois,oldsestin, fru rdecoratins damaks,cin thruas, marbltes.Lates Ac,, Thogasoto ofey thelexrten-a raesive uand n n excellent stc fMees roodadao, ae f66yalig teetSadSnimorato ofEL anper FrenchpUers havnmer of nobleimrbeachimney-pieces inrstatury, petitse-antiqe,eble and Siclia, -nt cumber of tonSeI chmny-pCIecs n a1' qantit ofr. gonondabuse, June d,ay2 proundmorsiango saepale, whfenraaogea be hntencati ad.bnrvt ctontgu-tes&ourc.ol-eostalshoed Funiur.Salemigand and whCabine1 mi onale the Prpemies;, boutgb-ptaer )MowntaWa-sour5, otrnd Satrgmtdanexth,May24 ateipntually all the getenuineo tand imenell-mranufaturednal HOUSteHOLD LURNtU-rcaE, acomprisin four-prestuandote bdteads, gyP $ood beddng cwma-rdrobels,mchstsofudrawern,h waroanads clor hev n toileto gassesndthrriin usualo bedschamberappeavndages,fdraw ingst roomfuriturle dsipion.rewod conieingn ofbe indulgeno ts1nd ole cdhairs le, card,deanl;diostasnael Tables,a couchs,uand sateteos ceared silk- herer ffoirdcimngrey-gaclasses,a0 goran wiaoforte by tradd. ayrd cainete paayofror te noswoed casewe,pca,timg roomafuritue cadonsitse lreather,nduget chraairs, sndofai lether iufndlents cyairso saofarin nleathewr, ibad.tbe rsescres fwolpitnssdega Dover.-Importaut, extensive, and valuable Sale of Furniabing. Bild- tug. and Agricultual Ironmongery. Tools, and Implements of Trade. Il1B 1THOMAS ROBINSON has received instruc- .rtions from the proprietor, SIr. Edward Poole, who has removed his busines to Folkestone, to submitfor SAE bypublic AUCTION, on tbe Premises, Snargatectreet. Dover, o-rmorrow, Wednesday Thursday, and Friday, the 2Dth, 21st, 22d, and 23d days of May. at l 2 each day, all the valuable and surplus STOCK of HtONSIONGERY consisting of 41 registerstoves invasious sizes, 13kitchen ranges, one Patent kitcbeneer four feet sLx incheg, eUiptic and other stores, a quantity of bronze. iron, steel, and brass 'ender, fire-irons, coppsrs lamps, shower. hip, and other baths, -c. togetber with an etens and vae.ou?hssortinent of funishing, buldinr, and agricultural ironmongery, a great quantityof bar and other ironi, about Si tons, anviL, bellows, vices, tuming latbes, and every description of smith's tools Catalogues, with full particulars, may be had oe the auctioneer 13 Bach-street. Dover. at d.G erch (to he retured to s porchaseral, 'hore days pror to the firs day of s3do. The goods may be viewved on Satt2r- ray andzson layprior to the sale, from 10 'clockin the morning until 4 in theanternocn. ey-l. The stockof nricultutrfuoolRand immlemeats of husbandryt Pili be sold on Thursday, the third day oF sle. and tiermaiufcacturigdeParimnt, nuon tools, andimplements of trade ho. 21, 1ol Bond-streak1-Genuine Sale of sretrion modern House- hold at1niture, valuable Ornaments in Dreden a,nd Bioquet China, Bronzes, iMe-itoned si-octavePianoforte, vhandsome Coioclcr nder glass shade, noblne Chmney-glasses, topeair of beantil ManteLustresd richt iicethaPile andcother Carpets, nii Damg iadw Curtions, COomines SanishEmahogan, oeghberom cnadxlft 1bafESSRS. TRIGGS will SEIn. by AUCTION, at iRm ob;nsan'd Ruoors, 21. Ola Bond-street, on Friday next, (aew 2Z5. at 1,2 ecsely.y nanrussally elegant assemblage of HOIJSEHOLI nItUb E, sutable)forfi-claso rooms comprising two esthly arawenr-rosm suites inyainut and mwore-s, coenisting of eleeantb dbsined centre and occpsionwaltables, lounges. chairs and -i ditto in rich silk damav coe vesings, magnificent pllate; >lss choffoniers with finemeirMle top)s, the complete equipment of a irot-'.e dininge roam in Spanish moahogany, ao of eight bed rooms, containing lofty mahogan3y and iron four-post, .Arbia2n. and Pseuth bedteissei lith damask4 and chintz furnitures, complete rein of excellent bedlding (newr in October lrast) , comap rising- pal31ases nraltrees6v, capta2tl gases fesrthet b?eds, hvolsters and pilow, blanDkets qIlts, counterpants, Ac,. a fin Spanish mahogany wing wadrobe with sivered plaeglass ,pvens! mahogany, and japanned chest of drawersl handsome marble-top I-P1Lk tables and. wach-stanas, dressing gLaSes, co0mplet, arts of chamber v,are. taircarpet, floor cloth. feDders, fire-%s, A.c. Say bc viseoS on Thuraday and momlag of sale and cataingars had od thq tEle orof the suctioneers,outhai mtOn,
