DEATHS. On tbeld slt, at Jamestown House, near Dnblin, a.tae a potracted Dlne2s, tkcn in the West Indie2. Anthony Sydney Shawe Pluukett, late LIeut. of the Sth Regt. of Foot, youngest son of the late Ron. thetv anda 8dnevPlun ett, of Bellough CasUe, county Tipperazy, deplyregrtn b-y tKoo whoknewhim. On Saturday. the gth ult.. at her residence, HalkIn-street, Belgrares.isuare, Ecnces, widow of the late Wilam Pae, Eoq., of Ely, Cambridgeshire. On MonsTar mnornIng, the U1th nlt., at 40-L Grn-e-walk, Bermon4ivy, after great suffering, Mr. Joseph Blandford Jones, aged 23, youngest *on of the late Stephen Jones, as above. On Saturday, the 2d inst., in Lodge-placc. St John's-wood, 3lsr TsabellHeys. aunt to the p,reent Est a,nd sister to the late Dowager Countess of linterton. On the d. inst., at Parit, of aposlexy. Charlotte, the wido v of IL. B Cunnlie. Esq., late of the Bengal uit Service. On the 5th tnst. at Edinburgh, Dr. Macleod, R,.S, Surgeon Royal 2Marine infindary, W,ootwcish On Thnrsday, the 7th inst., at 10, Victorla-terrace, Notting-hill -ar l, the beloved wlfe of Henry Thomas Salmon, Easq.,after a few daes' severe su2fring, deeplylamentedL nr. the Sth inst.. at Wo. 18, Sydney-terrace, Readlng, mrs. Rebecca Ilooper, aged 93. Oni theo 9th Inst., at the Vicatrae, Codabating, Elabetb 9LIsb dausgtereof the late Rev. Thomas Webster. 1B.D1., vicar of 0 a, and rector of St. Botolpl, Camnbridg, aged 38. On the Stlh inst.. at lforayLodge. Campden-sill, Gceorgiana Barbara, the belored wifo Of CADtain Lockhart 3t Valiant, aged tiG, On the 5th Inst., in Grafton-strect, fSir Henry HulWokc, Eart., of Wingerworth, Derbyshire, aged 43, after a longillnes. On the th inst., at Hsemel Hempstead, Herts, after an ilIness of less than tonr hours, EULzabeth, the beloved wife of Samuel Suimmers, in the GOth Mear of her age. On the 9th inst. at his residence, 4a, Sunox-gjrdens, fyde-park, Alexanderj. Sangster, Esq. On thme Otb inst., at 17, Barkham--trrace, Thomas Thompson, Es., fOrraerly of Lad-lane,city, ageSI. On the 9th Inst. at his residence, Blackheath, suddenly, from disease of the heart, Mr. anmes Adam, of Fuddling-lane, Lower Thsames-stret n the 0th year of his age. On the 9th inst. at Birchwood-corner, St. Mary-cray, Kent, Mr. Cartea Jewell in his353th year. On the 10th inst., John Eddooro Bllowman, Esq., of Yo. 5, York Villas, Ca dm-enthill, Kensington. On the 10th inst.. at 64, Glocester-terrcue. Hyde-park, Reginald, the infant son of Hai Plmuner, Esq. On the 10th inst., at Briglston, aged 12years and 4 months, Honors, dlaughter of Robert. Burrowe,, Esq., IkP., of Stradone House, colinty of C4vnn. On-the 10th inst., at his residence, Ball's-pond. in the Sld year of his age, Ur. JoeDeh Clark, after a long and painful illness Cn Sunday morning. the 10th inst., in his 53d year, MEr. Joscph LncIde. of 35, Upper hsarylebonestrect, and of 43, Gloceaterstreet, Regent's-part. On Sumday, the 10th inst, at Isllngton, in the greatest placidity, in herS6th year, Mrs. MaryLanghorn, widow of the tat, .tr. Uhilip Langhorn. leaving an only son to morm- his heavy lWs, and to honour ler manyvlrtues.
COURT OF BAKRUPTC, BWingAaUztff,r FcW. 1. 11 RE D. L. lTrwtr (Bforc r. Commims onerFo.NmLAsQu This 'was the certificate meeting in the case of D. L. Lewis, bill discounter and merchant, of Salters-hall-court. Mr. Lawrance and Mr. Chidley appeared for thebanknptz Mr. Bagley, for the aEignees, opposed; Mr. Sargood opposed for 3Mr. Thomas Bartlett, a rtc itr, Mr. BGLMY said this was a peculiar case; the assignees made no individual complaint,but opposed entirelyon public grounds. Mr. Lewis came here under a second bankruptcy in the same year, having first been made banlkrupt on hais own petition in January, 1855. That bankruptcy was annulled in March. The bankrupt was afterwards taken in execution by MEr. M¶jenzie, one of his creditors, and a, friendly petition was then filed by MEr. Attenborough; and. he was ag,ain made baukruptin June last. Inl the interval he had large transactions; 19,677? passed through his hands. His balance-sheet showed enormous transacions. It wns marvellous that aman with his limited means could have engaged in such large transactions. Eis accounts begin in June, 1852 with an alleged capital of 415. ; but ived to boe fictitious. In the three following years he incurred debts to those to whom he gave no security to the amount of 2,0?, 'while be owed-tothose holding some sort of security2l8,000?. and there was also a liability to the extent of 49,0001. He debited himself with aecolritiesto Mr. Mould and Mr. Hudson of 67,0001. Durin= the whole timethose enormous debts were incurred it did not appear that Mr. Lewis made any profifs beyond 67?. l0s. in lis capacity as wine and spirit merchat. There did not appear to have been any pr9fits in any of his other dealngs. There was a sum of 9,7401. put down as profits, but this sum represented the difference between the amounts be paid and those he owed to creditors under the former bankruptcy. It was absurd to call that sum a profit. The real profit was 67?. 10s. ; and on this profit Mr. Lewis hved apparently in great affluence ; he had a horse and chaise, and had also a yacht, and his household furniture was valued at ,0001. He lost altogether not less than 107,523M It was rather astonishing thbt a gentleman who never had a farthing of his own should have lost so much. He'lost in his dealings in holuses, shares, bills, by his yacht, by his furniture, and by his. partnership in the proprietary of Vauxhall-garden The loss by the yacht 'was 372L. The yacht was seized by the assignees, bat it was claimed by four or five different persons. This yacht in its time had played many poss Although purchased little more than a year ago, it had passed. through seven hands, unftl it finally became the properly of Mr. Turgy for 1,650?., thelossbeing 7,000?. odd, as compared, with the original value. The bankrupt had also dealt largly in Westminster Improvemenf bonds, the aggmate loss on them being set forth at 36,582?. It 'was not a wonder that heshould be miixed up in that leviathanL swindle. He sajid he purchased bends to the amoruntof 474,000?., thatthey cost him 3Q3,000?., andthathe=receivedfor them 337,3241Z But he did not athibute his ruini to this transaction. He. said some Spanish railway was the cause of Eis bankruptcy.. There were some bills in comnexion with that ralaway, but the losses were small compared 'with the losses by theWestniinster bonds. He lost by his dealings in pig iron 19,6771.; by the Vauxhall-gardens, on l53-4, 2,600L He also lost by speculations in buildings, in ships, and e'very conceivable walk of adventur^e. He retended to give up propert to the amount of 10,012. That propert-y tnraspsredftoie a second mortgage on Mr. Hudson's estate, which was not worth the parchment on which it was engrossed. Indeed, the odd 121. would more properly represent the bankruzt's roer XEr.GOOD submitted that the course the bankrupt. had pursued could not be called trading. He had been insolvent in 1850 or 1851, and had resiued trade without any capital, incurred debts and liabilities to a wonderful extent, andgaveupnoassets. Such-trading,if trading it could be* called, shouldbe subjected tothe iost gid investigation in that court. 3*Ir. ILvRAycE, for the bankrupta said the parties who opposed were those wvho partiipated' largely iuhstransac- tfoksnVithout incurring anyloss themselves The banrptws, in fact, the tool of others. He bought the Westminster bonds and sold them, and the tiansations wre acenratelysetforth in thebalance-sheet. -Wereitiot for Mr. 3'Xenzie, the bankrupt would have been able to avoid failure. . He, of all others, badto complain of the trAns&c. tious in the Westoinsterbonds. Mr. )irKen-=e- gave hIim nearly 500,0001. 'worth of bonds in exchange for his accep ances. The bondsturned out tobe 'orthless, but the bi hela good against the. banlpt's estate . He did not thiirk it became.those'who represented the Westnuinster rincve ment'Comnmisioners to call-the corporation a lentha. swvdindle.: .,- - . i >.BAOLEY sadhie did zot represent the Westminster Commiissionirs, nor'evtrilid. :- LMrAwaA-But he represented Mr. Crosdale, th assignee, whose troof for 48,000. was in respect of the .Weetininstalbonds; - ut for the eteditora in re3et to these bends, and in respect to the other tranet;ous in, ihichteralstlaesCaPeA the balakisps dlebts utlAswt
P./RT:E.gTARY IZYMMGEYCE. -HOUSE o' LORF , MoYDoAY, Fz. It. Th._oan CItascs:r.oR took his seat on the wooL_cik at L o'elock. T~e Earl of SHATESBUUY presentec petitions against the cpening of thl Bish MmeSIm 3fd Crystal Palace on Sundays, from Great Grn3by, UTpper Clatford, and Colesbill ; lso from justices of the pleace, acing or resident, in the iastern districts of Renfrewahire, in favour of a law for the regulation end control of urlicensed brokers in ScotlaD. also from the rector arid inhabitants of Pewsey, in fai-omof church-rates. EirlGREY presentedapetition from Gatessesd, supportIag -the recommendations of the Commissioners upon bDcs on Shipping. - CRIMEAN COMMISSIONERS REPORT. The Earl of CAIIDIGAN.-My lords, aeing tho noble Uord the Secretary of State for the War Department in 1E place, .I wish to say a few words upon a subject of itnpor, tance_ Whe the.character and conductof a pee,z of yoau lordhips' House is publicly reflected upon, I blic-eve it is in his place in this house that he ought to defend himself. My lords, I am not now going to enter upon any defenco o mny-conduct or character, but I beg to give notice to the o6ble-lord the Secretary of State for the War Departueat, that having been reflected upon in, as I con. Eider, A very unfair manner, in the report of a comrission appointed by Her MIajestys Government tk .inquire into the conduct of the war in the Crimea, I shal feerit mny duty to-morrow to transmit to the - noble lord a fa :e.planation of my conduct, as zinadverted upor in that report, and I feel confident that I can refute ever3 chlirge that has been brought against me, and that I shall prove that up to the very last day of my command of the Ight BrigadeIpaideveryattentionto thewelfare and com fort of the men and horses under my charge. I wi onI3 add, that it is my sincere hope and wish that, after I have ses,t'that statement to the noble lord, he wil give it every possible pub]city in any shape which the Government os the noble Secretary of State may have power to adopt, and thit it will be laid upon the table of the hoise. Whe Earl of LUCAM.-I cannot allow this opportunity t( pass without saying a few words. In this report there is a reflection upon my professional character. Immedi ztely upon reading that report, I, as the noble lord th( Secretary of State knows, addressed a letter to hinsm refuting and contradicting in the most positive mannel every part of the report; not only that part which reflect osx me personally, but also that which reflects upon my cha racter. The noble lord knows that upon the evering wher I put that letter into his hands I requested his permissioz that that letter should be given to the public at once. Th( noble lord, I dare say, can give good reasons why he declined to accede to my request. That letter was written as far back as Thursday, and it has not yet appeared; there. fore, I do not think it is unreasonable to ask him again t be good enough to print that letter, and to Lay it on the table of the house. I think sufficient time has eLapsed fo3 the noble lord: to do one of two things-either himself t Zive that letter publicity, or to allow me to do so. Iord PANMUXE.-My lords, I received notice from thi noble earl who first addressed your lordships of his intentior to address a letter to me upon the subject of the report oi the commissioners who were sent out, not to inquire 'int the state of the war in the Crimea, but into the state of the supplies to the army in the Crimea. Those commissioner have given a very full and intelligent report; and in somE cases they have expressed their opinions freely as to thE caiuses of the great distress to which the British army wa reduced in the winter and spring of 1854-55. I am quik sure that there was no intention whatever on the part of thE conmmissioners to attack in any way the character o: the noble earl who first addressed your lordships ft is only expressive of their opmion on the facts brough to their knowledge; but, as to attacldng the character of an, Peer in Parlianment, I am quite confident that the subjec 3iever once occurred to them. In reference to what ha fallen from the noble earl who Last addressed your lordship: {the E-arl of Lucan), I have to state that I received a lette2 from.that noble earl, and have referred that letter to thi cemmsssioners, of whosereport the noble earlhas complained One of those gentlemen is novwin London, and the other is ir Edinhurgh.T eonewvhoisinLondonstatesthatthatportionoI the'report which the nobleearl callsinquestionhecansuppori by returns given to him on the spot, which are printed witi thereportof the commissioners, and he has promisedte answer the statement of the noble lord in the course of: few days. I have not yet received any.aswerfrom the eother commissioner. will lay the letter of the noble earl, together with the reply of the com missioners, on the table as soon as poible. - The Earl of DERBY.-Tho question, my lords, appears to me not so much one affecting the character of any twc noble lords, as what is the course which Her Majests Government intend to take with regard to the cases whieh must arise from the lublication of this report' Whe nbcle lord will lay upon the table the report of the commissioners, and various persons will naturally fee] themselves highly aggrieved at the charges either directly mnade or implied against them in that report. My twc noblefriends will have the opportunity of malkingtheirstate zments in this house, although I do not myself think that thi is the fittest place for discussing such statements. (Hear hear.) Yet undoubtedly one of two things ought to be opeI to every noble lord. I understand my noble friend (th, Earl of Lucan) has written a letter to the noble lon (Panmure), and has asked permission of the noble lord t4 imalke that letter public, but that the noble lord has not a 3'et shown a willingness to comply with that request. wish to know whether the same indulgence will b conceded to others who have been reflected upon ii that report; and what is the course which will be takes ith respect to those officers who h.ave not a place in Par liamlent, but who feel themselves aggrieved by statement wvhich have been made reflecting upon their military chs rector ? Are they to have an opportymt afforded to then for making a public defence ? I am anxious t l-now wYhat course the Government intend, to pur osue with regard to any answer which may b *made by any officer whose conduct has been seriousl impugned by charges contained in this reort. I also wisi to ask the noble lord whether it is the intention of He *3ajesty's Government to prejudge the case of any of thos officers who have had rewards conferred upon them for ses -vices rendered in the field, by imposing any penal con -sequences in respect of those matters of which accusation have been made in this report ? In short, I ask whethe that report is to stand as it does at present, either for rewarn er pumshment, or whether it is open to any answer whic] .my officer may be disposed to make whose conduct is spokei -of either in laudatory terms or otherwise ? lord PAN3UIE.-With regard to the proceeding -which the Government have taken upon the report of th commissioners, I beg to state that all they have as yet doni 'has been to take steps, as far as possible, to prevent the re ciT-rence of the evs which that report has so painfully se 'forth. With regard to the application of the noble earl, i Is true, my lords, he asked my permission to publish in th .newspapers the letter which he addressed to me. hyansswe -to the noble earl was, that I could not give any offcia .authority for the publication of the lette. in a newspaper At the same time it appears to me that, if any persos feels himself aggrieved by any public document which ma: ,Ie laid before the Crown, and thinks proper to address, eithc 'to me or to any other member of the Government, an] :representation which shall place his own conduct, in hi .opinion, in a different and fairer manner than it has bees represented in such document, it is but right and just tha hie should be entitled to the indulrence of having laid onthE table any such representation, v-ether it proceeds from peer, or from a member of the House of Commons, or fron any officer or other person who may feel himself aggrieved. MThe Earl of HARDWICKE.-It appears to me that thi Government have very much increased the weight of thei responsibility in this matter by the course they have take, -in honouring these officers by very distimt marks of thei Sovereign'es approval, by means of promotions and othe: marks of favour bestowed upon them. My lords, I d( declare for myself, as aBritish officer, that, if I aid first of ztll been honoured with decorations as these ofricers havE Ibeen, and had afterwvards been refected upon as this repori reflects upon them, I would tear those decorations from mn: breast and return thea to my Sovereign. Lord PANIMU -I assure your lordships that what: edvised my Sovereign to do I did wiLh the very best feeling Those decorations were conferred for' gallant acts in thi face of the enemy, where life was exposed and honour 'g-uned in actual conflict. (Cheers.) Nothin' in the re por can detract from any honours so gained. They have hese fairly earned, and those two galant officers wlnl retain the .,decorations that have been bestoweed on thesms for their gal Iautry in the field. (Cheers.) * -The Earl of HARDWICKE.-I-Amextremelyhap, tha -I have elicited the speech just delivered by the .anoble lord it .~preisly hespcehi wshd~t har-that whateve2 refecton igh becas bythereprtupon those gaUlani THE VENSLEYDALE LFE PRER&GL. Lord LYNDI)URST gave notice that at 2 o'cioc' .o* norrow ie should move that 'their lordships should resolv Viemselves into, a Commite of privileges, to take into cdii.- -ideration the patent grsntiz2 the title of mmitteey- tolt tD Sir James Par;ze, nmigt.W *rf iattCbANCELLORhPed. that his noble -and E:arl GP.state toitheir .Iordships what course heldfrien5it 0 when the-Houan went into eO hmitte6? ~4~oosedto 0. *ST aid, he should take his own view of- -rl opposite, (Earl Granvilie) would Ihe ase,andthe IbC . ,while hids noble and learned. pfebblyetaee iffren vs~.. -~;but if be (Lord Lynei!Irind-niht avehi peulir ies. ttothe course he n stjwee'atthe reset moen~.o:~ slardebat-6. -- tained, the House woulbde placed in astate of extrem4 diffi.culty.and embarrassment. It w precudythe apprehen- fion of that difficulty and embarrassment which madeihiiim pposedto the appointment of a comm5ittee of the 'whole el onse. He was quite aware that in committees up stairs it vas not-usual to suggest the courseintended to be taken at the moment of the comimitltebeing appointed ; but in a committee of the whole Iiouse the case was very differD 1t% and he asked, would the;noble arid learned lord, in suck e. committee, get upand makea specch, vanl ttonpeoie nothing ? I the nob'.e and learned lord meAint to propose anything, it would I-e only an act ef ordinary courtesy that the proposition sb ould be placeduponthe votes. Anyother course must lea:. to confusion. Lord LY?SjDHUyRST said, that of course in support of 'raLislgOuien'jit woild be necessary to investigate the facts u1ponwhi.h it rested. Earl GREY asked whether the noble and learned lord inter`4faed to move that witnesses be caled to the bar ? (Hear, b:dat.) If auinqnwas necessary, let it be known whether witnesses were to bo examined or not. It was not fair towards those noble lords who might take a different view of the question from that entertained by the noble and learned lord,thatthey should be caDedupon toenter on soimportant a committee without any information as to what that committee would be required to do. -LordLYNTDHU ST.-Of coursewitnessesmustbecalled for the purpose of the committee receiving the evidence of the facts involved in the case. The Earl of DERBY observed that, grounds having been stated for entertaining doubts as to the validity of the patent, it had been-considered right to refer the matter to a Committee of Privileges. That had been the usual course in all similar cases; and the question raised was simply this, whether it wvs competent for the Crown, without the assent of Parliament, to confer upon any commoner the privilegeof thepeerage andtherightto sitintheirlordships'house for life, or for any other term short of perpetual inheritance. That was the question which the committee would have to decide, and, in order that they might do so, it would be necessary for them to search the journals of the House, so as to eamine into precedents for any previous e-ercise, in any time, however remote, of such a prerogative on the part of the Crown. He apprehended the very first thing to be done must be, by documentary and by oral evidence, to search the journals for precedents, but he did not think his noble and learned friend (Lord Lyndhurst) could be justly caled upon to state what further evidence would be necessary, or whatproceedings he would ask the committee to take for the purpose of satisfying themselves upon the sub- ject which the House at large had referred to tthem for consdderation. Earl GRANVILLE gathered from the statement of thte two noble lords opposite-though they did not quite agree on the subject-that the point which it was prowsed to decide in the committee was whether the exercise of the nre rogative in givig this lfe peerage to LordWcasleyAale was legal or not? The Earl of DERRY would thank his noble friend not to put into his mouth words which he had never made use of. He did not saythat the question was as to the legality of such an exercise of the prerogative, but whether it was competent for the Crown by the exercise of its prerogative to grant such a patent. Earl GRANVILLE had certainly understood the noble earl to say that the legality of the step taken by the Crown was doubtful. Lord BROUGHAI did not see much difference between the position taken by the two noble lords. To question whether it was "competent" for the Crown to ereate such a peerage was,, in other words, to raise a doubt as to the legality of this patent. (Hear.) The MAarquis of LAN1SDOWbNE could not see what they were going to inquire into. He agreed with the noble and learned lord in thinking "competency," quite as strong a word as " validity." Lord CA 3PBELL thought the question which the Committee of Privileges would have to consider and decide upon was whether the Crown had power, by such a patent, to enable a commoner to whom a barony was granted for life to sit and vote in this house. (, Hear, hear," from Lord LxmiHusisr). That was the question, and the only question. The committee was not to consider gene. rally whether the patent was wholly null and void, but w;hehera particular part of it was within the power of the . Crown-whnether the Royal prerogative could enable a baron for life to sit in Parliament, and to have all the plrivileges belonging in Parliament to hereditary barons? 9 he committee we-re not at all hound to say that this patent ought tobe cancelled, or that it might not communicate certain privileges; the question-as, whetherit communicated this particular privil "e. In considering such a question they w ou Ld have to faL back on the ln et con;uesteeoo Pailia7mcnti-to inquire what had been the usage of formzer times. Havingr ascertained this, the committee might then form an opinion as to the course which should aftorwsardi be adoptedl, hut at presnt it was impossible to say what would be the precise course taken. Lord ST. LEONAiRD'S stated that he had an engagement which stood for to-morrow, and he should be glad if the committee could be postponed. Earl GRANVILLE said that such a request would be more properly addressed to the noble and learned lord opposite (Lord Lyndhurst). At the same time he thought the inconveniences to which, in his opinion, the reference of this patent to a Committee of Privileges would give rise would be greatly increased by further delay. The conversation did not proceed further. TRIAL OF OTENCES BILL The LORD CHANCELLOR moved the second reading of this bilL the object of which was to allow indictments to be removed in certain cases from the county in which the offence was committed to the Central Criminal Court. Lord CAMPBELL thanked his noble and learned friend for this bll, which would introduce a great improvement into our crininal procedure. It often happened that a faih and impartial trial could not be had in the county -wherc the offence was committed; and when that was the case as ;applicationmightnow bemade totheCourtoverwhich he pre sidted to remove the indictment by ccrliora7i into the Court o ef Queen's Bench; but then it could only be tried in as adjoining county, or by a trial at bar, both of which might be very inconvenient. In the Central Criminal Court,hw. ever, such a case couLd very welL be heard, and very little delay would arise in bringing on a trial in this way. After some further conversation the bill was read a second time, DISCREPANCY BETWEEN DIPLOMATIC NOTES. Earl GRBEY.-I rise to ask the Secretary of State fo3 Foreign Aairs whether he can give any explanation of the apparent contradiction between Colonel Rose's despatch oi the 25th of March, 1853, and that of Lord Stratford de LRedelffe of the 27th of May following; the first of these despatches containing a memorandum of Mr. Pisani of the -0accot given to him by Rifaat Pasha and the Grand Vizies of the substance of the snote vcrbale presented by Prince r Menschikoff to the Porte on the 16th of March, while Lor Stratford de Redcliffe states in his despatch of the 27th oi may that Mr. rIisani had assured him that Rifaat pashi would never be brought to admit the existence of this note Your lordships will, I am satisfied, always concur with mc in considering that it is a matter of the greatest importance that the accuracy of information transmitted to Hler Ma. LjesWs Govermment by the diplomatic agents of the Crown and especiaUy of information which is to be laid before Parliament, in order to justify the policy of the Govern ment,shouldbeunimpeachable. If, therefore, circumstances should ever arise of a nature to throw doubt upon that ac, cimucy, and those circumstances remain unexplained, the consequence mnust be that sspicions will be entertained a. to the trustworthiness of the diplomatic servants of thf Crown,'of whatever rank they may be. I say, therefore, that if such circumstances should arise, it is the duty of member of either House of Parliament to ask for some ex planatioa with regard to them. This being so, I feel bound to ask for some explanation with regard to circumstances tc which I have already on a previous occasio, called your lordhips' attention. Last year, in discussing the polire of the war, lendeavoured to show that there existed no ground whatever for an allegation which had been iade that Prince Menschikoff, the Russian ambassador, had used threats in order to induce the Turkish Minister to conceal Lfrom the British Governm ent the real nature of the Russian demands. I at that time argued that the Turkish Ministry desired for theirown purposes to create that impression, and had made a dupg of Colonel Rose in the first instance, and afterwar'dsof Lord Stratford de Redeliffe, and that they had been induced to transmit to Her Majesty's Government as erroneous intimation, which produced at the time a mosi unfortunate effect upon the minds of the Government and oi . the people of this country. I wish now, my lords, to recall Lto your recoUlection one or two of the grounds upon whicli I relied in support of that opinion. In the month of March, 1853, Prince Menschikoffpresented an important paper tc the Turkish Governm'ent, and in the same month Colonel Rose transmitted to the British Government a des_patel enclosinga memorandum bearing the signature of Mr. Pisan, and statimg that its purport was founded upon what had been told to him by the Grand Vizier. Colonel Rose said "Yourlordship wiDL see that, in spite of PrinceMenschikoff's denunciations against the Turkish authorities shE ould they reveal his secret demands, they, in considera, tin ofte danger which wouLd ensue fromLa comp,liance wi th them, determined to make them known tio Her MSajesty's Govrernment." 'Shortly afterwards Lord Stratford de Redcliffe addressed a despatch te the Secretary for Foreign Affairs, of which a short but important extract appears in the papers whicb have been lald on your lordships' table. Lord Stratford d Redcliffe said,- " I think it my duty to record that the note reiroaZe prosented to the Porte by Prince Menschikoff on the 4th (16th) of March, and enclosed with Count Nesselrode's despatch to Baron Brunonw on the Oth(21st) ultimo, was never communi. cated' to thisembassy. I have questioned Mr. -isani on the subject, and he assures me that Rifaat Pasha would never bei brought to admit its existence. That Minister was probably restrained from disclosing it by the Russian ambas. sadlor's threatenin lagagI Your lordships wil observe that on the 21st of Mainch Mr Pisaxn signs a memorandum, containinga ful report of the contents of the note presented hyK'.since Menschikog as asertaned in a conversation*liththe Turkish M initer -nd-two months afterwards he' assuresLord Stratford de L 1s?cliffe that the Turkish Ministry could never be brought to adm,t the existenceof that note. This, my lords as I stated 1t year, is a matter affecting tho character of mem- ber of the 'hitish Iegation, and I think that blame is attri ' butable-to- a higher quarter thani Xr. Pisains Lord 'Stratord de Ee- cliff' was-n,ot jusfied ;n-trfismnittin- to the English Gov 'rnmentfslatements reflicting upon the conduct of a -.wer with .which 'We wefe at tthat time on terms'of ,OtYk without aseertaimng their eorrectsers. - It; was'hisduty, hen'he returned to Constarls inoplen the then critical Sta qfhirz, when the awfE4u 'iss,eof~peace or of warfc;-bit wa the balance, t4nikak bimself .iccuatelyi atcsuasi Wih0h steps WInciel had been, tiiin by Colopel P.ore in hi bsiln ,; and if ho had nelectcd tiat part A,f his duty, he had still no right to transsmt an assertior -co the British Government that the ish GovcrntSBd-mmCR -zeli i-inportantSatpaper~ tunless he wr.Citmnvinced of the correctness of the statement; still less had he the right to ground upon that assertion be. $'i.rence that they had been threatened by the AVisian Minister. I say, my lords, that he had no right to adopt that course,when five minutes' search in the archives of his embassy would have afforded him every information unpo the subject. My lords, I wish to know what explanaion Her- Majesty's Government can give of these eircumstances, and I donotthin kthattheimportancesofthe subject is at all diminished because these transactions are of three yeatse date, forLord Stratford de Redeliffe is still ambassador at Constantinople, and Mfr. 1isani occupies, I believe, the same position i the legation as he did then. My noble friend theSecretary forForei6gn Affairs last year offered no explanation with regardto these circumstances, nordid I expect him at that timeto do so, as he probably wasnotthen acquainted with all the facts of the case ; but I did expect that, when a statement had been made involving a grave charge aggainst the British ambassador, and reflecting upon the honour of a member of the British legation,-I did expect, I say, that when such a statement -had been publicly made in your lordship? house, even by a member so inconsiderable as myself, some explanation would be offered by those whom the statement concerned. I need not tell your lordships that, in the present state of affairs, duties of the very greatest importance are intrusted to the British ambassador at Constantinople, or that the position occupied by MIr. Pisani is aso of the highest importance. While we employ in the East an ambassador who is no' conversant with the Oriental language, the truthfulness and trustvtorthiness of the interpreter or dragoman attached to the embassy afford the only security which the country possesses that its affairs will be properly transacted. UJpon these grounds I ask my noble friend what explanation can be afforded of the discrepancy which I have pointed - The Earl of CLARENDON.-My lords, my reply to my noble friend will be a very brief one, because I am not able to give any complete explanation in answer to the inquiry which he has addressed to me. At the same time I cannot help expressing my regret that my noble friend should have brought forward this subject at the present moment, and should have preceded it by the speech which he has made, because I thinuk thathehas failedto showeitherthattherewas -any urgent necessity for bringing it forward, or that any practical good could be expected to result from it, at a time when both your lordship? House and the other House of Parliament bave given such unequivocal proofs of their determination to avoid anything that can be likely to produce embarrassmnent or irritation. (HIear, hear.) In so doing, Parliament has acted from the highest sense of duty, and I believe that it faithfully represents the feeling of the country in resolving to wait with patience for the result of the negotiations which are about to be entered upon-anxious for an honourable peace, but if that, unfortunately, cannot be obtained, determined to prosecute the war with vigour. Feeling, my lords, that the meeting of Parliament wil rather tend to facilitate than to render the negotiations difficult, and feeling confident, also, in the sincerity of our intentions, I believe, if we are but met, as I trust we shall be, with similar sincerity on the part of those with whom we have to treat, that these negotiations ought to be neither long nor difficult (hear, hear); but, if we have reasonable grounds for anticipating the conCltsion of peace, I cannot see the practical utility of ripping uptransactions that occurred previous to the commencement of-the war. My noble friend complains that I did not answer his speech upon this subject last year. My noble friend certainly made aspeechof verygreatlengthandverygreat power upon that occasion, to various portions of which I could not reply because my attention had not been drawn to them previously; nor did I then, nor do I now, attach the same importance tothediscrepancythat mynoblefriend does. It is a matter which concerns the Turkish Ministers, who, from some motive or other, first denied the existence, and after. wards would not admit the contents, of a certain document ; and, having once deviated from the fact, they have never since been able to make a consistent story of it. It is perfectly true, as my noble friend has stated, that Colonel Rose on the 24th of March heard that Rifaat Pasha had received a note zerbale from the Russian Government. He went to inquire whether it was true, and all that he could learn was that the Turkish Government believed that the Russian Government intendedlto propose a secret treaty, but he was -not suro that the Turkish Government would inform the British Embassy of it. A week afterwards Colonel Rose saw both the Grand Vizier and the Minister of Foreign Affairs; and he then heard, as was reported by Mr. Pisani afterwards, that Rifaat Pasha had said that a note serbWel had been presented by Prince lfenschikoff; but they stated that Prince Menschikoff had used the strongest Language to prevent any commumication of it to the British or French embassies, and had endeavoured to extract from Rifaat Pasha a promise that no such communication should be made; and that on Rifaat Pasha hesitating to give that promise Prince Menschikoff left him in great anger. My lords, I think there can be no doubt that the Turkish Ministers were intimidated, for at. the same interview Rifaat Pasha informed Colonel Rose that he did not consider that Russia had specified or declared what her intentions were. I think, therefore, that the Turkish Mimisters were intimidated; nor is it very surprising that they should have been when they knew the circumstances under which Prince Menschikoff was there; when they knew that the very predecessor of Rifaat Pasha had been compelLed to quit office on account of Prince Menschikoff; when they knew thevastpower of Russia andtheir own want of preparation, and were ignorant of the course which Fmnce and England were about to take. Under such circumstances, I am not surprised that the Trkish Ministers, after the language which had been held, should have been somewhat intimidated, and somewhat cautions in the proceedings they adopted. This is further confirmed by Lord Stratford, who, upon his arrival at Constantinople, wrote that the Turkish Mnister had broached the subject to him, but that he was unable to draw any ex Lanation from him and he added, that the fear which intuced the Turkish iIinister to withhold the truth arose from the language which had been used towards him by Primce Menachikoff, and that it greatly embarrassed the settlement of the question. But it is perfectly true that the 9note rerbaee never was given to the British embassy at all. It was placed in my hands by Baron Brunow, and by me it was sent to Lord Stratford. Lord Stratford writes that Mr. IPisnni says that the Turkish Government could not ha brought to admit the existence of the note; and Mr. Pisani says the same thing now. I thought that the best way of meeting the inquiry of my noble friend was to send his ques; tion along the telegraphic wires to Constantinople (hear, hear); and I will now read to your lordships the answer which I received yesterday. Lord Stratford telegraphed to me from Constantinople on the 7th inst. the foliLowing answer:- "Mhr. Pisani confirms to me what I stated in my despatch to your Lordship of May 27, 1853,-namely, that ti3 Turkish Foreign Secretary at that time would not then a.- knowledge the existence of the document caUed' Princ3 Menchikoff's note of March 16 or 17,' in the same year. ThsPasha was pressed to give me a copy of it, and he appear have resorted to subterfuges and disavowals in order to avoid the importunity. Mir. Pisaui affirms that subsequently a search was made by him, with the assisance of Noureddi Bey, the Porte's chief interpreter, and that the paper was not to be found in the archives of the Turkish correspondence." In fact, the Turkish Ministers would notallow the existence of that note in order that they might not be pressed to give a copy of it, which they were afraid of doing. My noble friend, however, tries to fix blame upon Lord Stratford in this matter in a manner which shows, I think, that he is not quite familiar with the contents of the note, and that he is unmindful of the original cause of the war. The note contained a long recital of Russian grievances against Turkey with respect to the Holy Places, and demanded that certain things shouLd be done in reparation of those grievances and in fnfiAment of engagements with Russia which it was said had been violated the year before. Some of those things, however, whith were required to be done, were contrary to the arrangement which had been entered into with theFrench Anmbassador, andthePortewasgreatlyembarrassed howto act ; but bythe friendlyinterpositi.on of Lord Stratford the Porte was releved from its embarrassment, and Lord Stratford received the thanks of all parties. It was only after that matter had been satisfactorily settled that other demands were brought forward by Russia, to which the Turkish Government could not assent, and which we could not recommend them to concede. I will,prme the subject no further, but I beg my noble friend to bear in mind that Lord Stratford was perfectly aware of the contents of the note svrbote; that he acted upon it; and that if no other Idemands had been made by Russia beyond those which were contained in the note vrcbale, Lord Stratford would have prevented a rupture between Russia and the Porte. (Hear, hear.) My noble friend concluded by some remarks upon Lord Stratford which I do not thinf wm hae hisether faire Lord Stratford, wike the rest of r may havo gis defects, but no man wil deny Lord Stratford's high sense of honour and extensive qualifications. There is no man who is more intimately acqusinted with Oriental ouestions. no man who more desires to see the progress and prosperity of the Ottoman empire than Lord Stratford. Lord Stratford has rendered great services, and he is still rendering great servces; As I came down to the house this evening 1 received a -letter from him, stating the progress of events, and I ca X safely say, that by his'knowledge and ability he has bee eminently useful In procuring a settlement of what is caellI the Fourth Point, and in securng to the non-Mussulmas subjects of the Porte a pasition which I believe will b: highly satisfactory to the Christan Powers of Europw (Hlear, hear.)' Earl GREY.-I am extremely sorry that my noble frien I has thought it necessary to question the propriety of tlis step which I have deemed it my duty to take this evening He says that Parliament has very properly abstained froum embarrassing the Government in tho present delicate pos tare of affair Though I believe there is no man in tho country who more thoroughly-disapproves the policy ej thI Government upon foreign questions than myself, I am equally confident that there is not onie i.i either House qf Parliament who has xaore cautiousl& abstained'from don6g.anythig w,hich might in ay-way embarrass them. Certainly,* I have abstained this session from-sayming ia single irord upon a question on which I feel t,he deepest anxiety. Bit is it calculated to embarrass the lovrhment-I hope notc-to point out eircumnssiwe3 tush5iph ir left uneiiA Se m,ay injuriousl Affect - thj honour.of thecountry? Whathas the qudstlo'no* before your lordshipsfto dowith tho impending negotiationst? H ow can it embarrass them? -A1i1 does thcGcover'nmenttreally mean to close the - months ' of independent peers upon questions of this lind'by tilh'ng to us of Inegotiations which have no more to do -with the sub:jectin hand: than negotiations in the moon? (Ai laugh.) I 'must decline to 'follow my noble friend into the question :whetherthe present war is to be-attributed to Russia or to -Turkey, orwliether LordStratford de Redcliffe has rendered :great services to the country or not. Upon those points I -may entertain very different-opinionsfrom my noble friend, but they are not before' us- at present. I raise one ..iecfiic question-whether:there was or was not a contss- Iction between the despathes of Colonel Rose and Lord -Strtford de Redeliffe? MIy noble friena sAys there was 'not. Allow 050 to read the two piasages, and then I will ;leave your lordships to judso *vhether there was a contra,diction or not. Ontoe 2oth of March the memorandumnof 3r. Pisani contalus the following words :-" Bifat Pasha, ,in the interview I had with him nyesterday, stated that Prince 1ensehikoffhad left with him on the 17th a note ver&a6ck': On the 27th of May Lord Stratford de Redcliffe inforns us that he had questioned Mr. Pisani on the subject, "' and he assures me -that ' Rifaat -Pasha would never be brought to admit its eiistence," speakmg of this very note verbate. The question then is, whether a certain gentleman, having stated that he had received from a Turkish Minister an account of a note left withbhim, and two months after writing that the very same Mnister could never be brought to adsnit its existence, has stated that which is correct? This matter may be passed over lightly by my noble friend, butI say it is of the very deepest importance, not for the reputation of the British Embassy only, but also for the honour of the nation. If England is to be represented by persons whose statements are thus contradictory, I say that its honour suffers; and, where there - is so much suspicion, the power and moral influence of the country may depend upon regaiiing that high character which ought to belong to all engage in the diplomatic service of the British Crown, so that no shade, even of distrust may rest npon the accuracy of thsir statements. I tlink it was right to bring this subject beforete House, and confess Ifeel the deepest regret that my noble friend, instead of giving some exiplanation showing there had been a mistake, has found it necessary to go into various other questions, but notrto toch the only poit at issue. Their lordships adjourned at 20 niinutcs past 6.
HOUSE OF COMIONS,-MoNDAY, FE. IL The House met at 4 o'clock. N1EW MEMBER. Ir. MATIN thok the oaths and his seat for Rochester. PRIVATE BEI.E. The foUowing bils were mad a second time and ordered tobe committed:-Aberdeen and Scottish Midland Jurction Railway Companies Amalgamation, Alford Valley Railway, Banbridge Junction Railway, Barnsdale and Leeds Road, Bath Gas, Brough and Eamont Bridge Road, Carmarthen and Cardigan Railway, Cheltenharn Gas, Clay Cross Water, Colonial Bank, Cork and Yonghal Railway, Coventry (city) Gas, Darenth Valley Railway, Deeping Fen Drainage, Denny Junction Railway, Dorset Central Railway, Dunblane, Doune, and Callander Railway, Dnndee Harbour, Eastern Counties Railway, Eastern Union Railway, East of Fife Railway, Edinburgh Municipality, Edinburgh Water, Ely Tidal Harba and Railwvay, Sliley Water, Fornartine andBuchan Railway, Glasgow Court Houses and Pablic Offices, Glasgow Paving, Glastonbury and Bruton Railway, Glocester Gas, Halifax and Huddersfield Road, Heywood Gas, Knaresborough and Green Hammerton Road, naresborough and Pateley Bridge Road, Knottingley Gas, Lambeth W ater, Lancaster Gas, Leicester and Welford Road, Lincoln Water, London and North-Western Railway, London and South-Western Railway (Yeovil to Exeter), London Dock, Lowestoft and Beccles Railway, Luton District Road, Luton, Danstable, and Welwyn Junction Railway, 3Nonmouth Roads, North Shields and Tynemouth Dock, Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway (extension of timne &.), Renfrewshire Roads, Rhosydd Railway, Scottish Central Railway, Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway, Shrewsbury and Welshpool Railway, Shrewsbury Water, Sleaford and Tattershall Turntike Trust, Southport Wates, Stockton and Middlesbrough New Road and Bridge, Swansea Vale Railvay, Thames Haven Dock and Railway, Ulster Railway, West Hami Gas, Westminster Terminus Railway, Weymouth and Melcombe Regis Gas, and Worksop Gas. Petitions against the opening of the British Museum and other pub'ae buildings on Sunday were presented by Sir 3E. S. STEWART, from the Presbytery of Greenock-; by the Earl of =hvrascELr, from the WVesleyan congregation at Great Grimasby; by Sir E. STACEY, from the clergy and others of the eastern divison of the county of Norfolk - by)Mr. HORSFALL, fromBooth, Lancashire;byMr. SPooNEm from Honley, West Riding of Yorkshire; by Mr. iN.- NAIRD, from the inhabitants of Alness, Rossshire; from the inhabitants of the parish of Christ Chcrch, Enfield-; also from the inhabitants of Kelbron; by Mr. MEA%SNDEr. EssiAS, from the minister, elders, and deacons of Free St. John's, Glasgow; by Mr. MowB vAY, from the vice-master and brethren of Sherburm-house, the inhabitants of Sherburn and Whitwell, of Castle Eden, of Lanchester, and of Shadforth, in the county of Durham; also, apetitionagainsttotal abolition of church-rates, from inhabitants of Boldon, in the county of Durham; by Lord DuNGAnvAN, from the inhabitants of Beckington, in Somersetshire, praying for a sabstitnte for church-rates by Mr. RHTT, from the Mayor and town-council of Gateshead, in favour of the bill for relieving shipping of local charges ; and also from the clergy and churchwardens of Gateshead, praving that, in any measure adopted by the House for the abolition of church-rates, provision may be mnade for the maintenanc and repair of parish churches, and by Mr. DEEDES, from llerne Bay, praying that church-rates mnay not be abolished wvithout tho substitution of an equivalent to keep in repair the fabric. SYSTEM OF PUBLIC CON'TRACTS. Mr. J. L. RICARDO gave notice that to-morrow (this day) week lie should move for a select committee to in nire into the system of public cont-racts for tho supply of the pu-blic service from January, 185M, and to report their opinion upon theoperation of the present system of adm inistering the public expenditure. DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR APPOIN1TMENTS. M1r. EWART wished to inq,uire of the First Lord of the Treasury vhether any, and, if any, what measures had been adopted for establishing a system of examination or other edicational test for candidates in the diplomatic service of the country? Lord PALMiERSTOl.-My noble friend at the head of the Foreign Department has been in communication -with the commissioners for conducting the public examinations, and there will be no objection to the publication of the correspondence relative to the examination of candidates for diplomatic appointments, and also the examination for consular appointments. METROPOLITAN GRAVEYARDS. Mr. I. BERKELEY wished to ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department why burials were allowed to continue in the metropolitan graveyards, now that ample accommodation existed for internents at a distance from London? Why the churchyards of St. John, Hoxton, St. Mary, Haggerstone, and St. Giles, Camberwell, having been repeatedly closed by order in Council, had as often been oreoen, and were, together with the Blue Lion burialground in Gray's-inn-lsne, and Trinity, Brompton, row in full operation? Andwhy the objectionablepracticeof placing more than one body in one grave iwas continued in the cemetery at Brompton, which had been purchased by, and was under the control of, the Government?9 Sir G. GREY said that the greater number of metropolitan churchyards had been closed, and provision had i)cnmade bythe authorities of the respective parishes, either by the formation of new burigrounds orby arrange. ments with existing cemeteries. The churchyardasof t. .John, Hoton, and St. My, Haggerstone, had not beon repeatedly closed, but anextension of time had been granted to enable the authorities to make arrangementsiforointer. ments in the new City of London burihaground, which was now on the Point of beig consecrated, and these two graveyards would then be plsced under orders to be closed. The raveyard of St. Giles, Camberhaell, had also been ordered to be losed, but an extension of time of sis months had been granted, which woulde,ire in March, to allow the parochial authorities to provide a new burlalground. The Trinityichurchyard, Brompton, had not yet been closye The original order drected it to be closed in 159, so that the period for closing it had not yet arrived. The Gray's-inn-lane burlalground was in the same position as the sirat two churchyards. The time for closing it had been extendedinanticipation of the City of London burialground heiGe soon rehay for interients. As soon as this Aurialgronco was opened the Gray's-inn-lane burisagrond wvould be closed. Inquiry had been made by the inspector o,f buria3s as to the mode of burial in some churchyards, which was very objectionable, and although it w as net so objectionable in Brompton as in some other cemeteries, yet the practice of interring more than one body in one grave had continued there as elsewhere. This practice wonle new be stopped.- WEI;GHTS MND EASURES. ur. HpUrE asked the Chief Secretary for ireland whether the Government had had under its consideration the question of assimilating the weights and masscres and tales in Irelandandnd if so, whether it was their intention to bring in any measure upon the subjeetthis session? Mr. AORSMIN said, the subject referred to by the hon. gentlemaan could not be considered as a separate measare, but, as part of a general measure for regulating fairs and markets in Ireland. The Government would refrain from proqosing such a measure untilthey saw a chance of carrying ft, and they had no measure at present in contemplaion on the subject. COUJNTY ANiD BOROUGH POL,ICE. ~ Mr. .GDFIELYb wished to know whetherat e Government intended to proceed with the bill for the regulatin of the county and boroughpolice which stood for a second read-jag next WVednesday? H is constituents wished it to be peostponed for a week or ten days, as they met on Wednesday to consider one of the clauses of the bilL Sir G. GREY believed there was a desire that the tbill should be proceeded -with without unnecessary delay. The objection of the. hon. gentleman`s constituents would most properly be considered in committee, and it was, therefore, his intention to proceed with the second reading on Wednesday. LOCAL DUES ON SHIPPING BILL . - Mfr. HOPSFALL begged to ask the noble lordlat the head cf the Government (in the absence of the Vice-President of the Beard of Trade) whethei it was bis intention to move the se6ond reading of the Local Dues on Shipping Bil on tho 25thinst. ? - - . - - Lord PALMERSTON.-It is -the intention of -the--Go vermuent to go on with that billy if other business, will permit. _ Mr. GIBSON wisled tomeminathe House that 'therepdrL of the comm,ission had beeq before:the country for a ye", and it could nct be pretende4 tbkt the subject had not been fully ;nder5tg9d ond CeDsidered. Tbe hlnvnerslsidUecn expe cting this bill for some time, and be hoped there would be no unnecessary delay in proceeding with it. ~ - S1JPPLY.-EXOCESS 'OF EP13NDIITQE, t SirC.WOODinove&that6t' .- o ommli& ' of. Sup cofor the pu_pose of eonstn? the.unavali estnnaes-* Sir H. WIILOUGHBY wiished to call the attention ofI; the House to the excess of expenditure which airred toI Lavb taken placela the finanilaccount eshdg arh 31I 1S55, over and aboie the estunates voted by the House. Re submitted that this Iwas most dangerous. The House of Comnmons gave a great, deal of timae to the discussion of the estimates, but if a power existed somewhere of indefinitely increasing the estimates the-House lost its proper hiold upoDn the public expenditure. If, for example. the House agreed to an estimate of 1,000,000L,- rn'd the Government spent 1,500,0001.; the utility of going into. the esimates was very questionable. The excess appeared to- have taken place in the article of naval stores. Tae House1hd on three separate occasions voted sums amounting in the aggregate to62,828,0001., and a suA of 435,0001l hadbeenLependedbeyond whatthe House hadsanctione.L The House had very little con'trolover the expenditureof the-publicmainces, and 'if the check they now possessed in 'the disussion of th -estimates could be rendered useless they miight'as well abandon thatcontrolaltogether. Howouldnot submit any resoln-- tion on thq subject, but he had brought it under the notice of the House, because he thought they ought to have avoice in the expenditure of every shilling of the publid money.- Sir C. WOOD said, the fist vote he -intended to propos6 in committee was a vote to cover the excessive expenditure of last year, and he hoped the hon. baronet would allow him to postpone his explanationwith regard to it untilthe House had gone into committee. * Mr. W.WIILITAIIS thought the navy eatmates for a twelvemonth's war ought not to bebroughtforwarduntilthe reslt of the peaae negotEtilatn about to. take place should ;b known. He did not ivt-h to deprive the Government of the means of preparing to carry on the war vith Vigour; on -the contrary, he hoped they would not relax their prepara. tions in consequence of the negotiations, but he was afaid that if the House passed the votes about to be proposed the country would be saddled with a twelvemonth's war cipenditure whether peace were concluded or not. It was proposed to increase the number of . men in the navy beyond that of last year by 6,000, although the Russian Black Sea fleet had now been destroyed. He saw no . necessity for this increase if the Blaltic fleet did nothing year 'after year but prevent the Russian fleet from coming out of port; if, however, it were granted operations ought to be carried on in the Baltio with greater vigour. He hoped the right hon. gentleman wouldexplain why there was anincrease of upwards of 10,00L. in the cost of the marines, althoughthere was noincreaseinthe number of that force. He alsowished to know why the postage of the department had been charged upon the civil service estimates ? There was a vote of 67,0741. for the extra pay of coAstguardmen and riggers,-but he thought there was sio use in continuing to retain the services of these men at such a large cost. In the course of the last three years they had cost the country upvwards of 164,000Z. He *ould also call attention to the vast increase of admirals. When the arrangement of 1846 was made, there were then 153 admirals, of whom 14 were employed, and 4 of them wvere in the dockyards, where the services of admirals were not very much required. On referring back to the year 1853, the year before the war, he found that the number of admirals then was 268, of whom 14 were employed and 254 were idle. By the present estimate he found the number of admirals to be 314, of whom only 18 were employed on service, and three or four of them were in the dockyards; so that there were 29G idle. He did not know how many ships of aU sizes were afloat, but he believed there was an. admiral for every ship, however smalL It seemed to him perfectly monstrous that this charge should be thrown uporn the public. There could be no necessity for it, for only 18, or, in point of fact, ,nly l4 admirals were required for employment afloat. He would advert, likewise, to the increased cost of half-pay and pensions, amounting to 23,0001. in the present year over the last. He could not conceive how this increase had taken place. Itwas remarkable howtenaciousthishalf-payand pension list was in keeping up its amount; for in the last 10 years ther had only been a dimuinution of 51,0001 This dead weight of the navy amounted in the present year to 1,297,000I. ; and he hoped the right hon. baronetwould give some explanation of the necessityof increasingthehalf-payby theamountof 19,000D. inthepresentyearascomparedlaththe last. With respect to the good service pensions, it appeared to him that the grossest injustice was done to the officers of the navy. By reference to page 93 of the estimates, it would be foundthat a nobleman of high family and of very little service had received a good-service pension, though he Iventured to say that there were between 500 and 600 post, captains, 9 out of 10 of whom had performed much more menitorious servicesthan that noble lord; and he was boun,d to say that there were 500 lieutenants, if not twice the number,who, he would not sayhaddisplayed more gallantry, for he doubted not the noble lord's valour, but who, many 'of them, had been in action and exposed to the fire of the enemy; and yet those poor men were passed over vith their small pittance of half-pay. He also directed attention to the name of an hon. captain in the next page of the estimates, whose services were not of a nature to.entitle him to a good-service penision, while so many deserving men were left without one. He made these observatious ,with no feeling adverse to the passing of estimates necessary to carry on the war efficiently, for he believed that the more they expended now on the vigorous prosecution of the war, the better it would be in the end. (Hear, hear.) NAVY ESTILAIES. The Honse having resolved into committee, Sir C. WOOD rose and said,-I now beg to propose the navy estimates for the present year, and the first vote which I shall put inlto the hands of the chairman is a vote not at all in reference to the service of this year, but one to which the hon. baronet opposite has caDed the attention of' the House. It is a vote for excess of expenditure for the year ending on the 1st of April last; and I think- that the fact that I have to put this vote into the chairman's hands is a complete refutation of the general observations of the hon. baronet, that expenditure can be incurred without the sanction of this House. The hon. baronet, or any other person who gives the matter a moment's consideration, will see that in a large expenditure of some 8,000,0001. or 10,000,0001. it might not always be very easy to measure precisely the amount of expenditure so closely that there should be no excess in one year or no surplus in another. The estimates are framed the year before the money is needed, according to the best opinion that can be formed in the department of the probable exTpenditure. Sometimes there is a surplus, which is carried to the account of the Exchequer, and sometimes there is an excess of expenditure, in which case it becomes necessary to submit to the House a vote to cover it. But with respect to this parti cular excess, which has occurred in the course of last year, I shal satisfy the hon. baronet that it is in point of f-act hardly to be called an excess of expenditure, though it appears technically in that shape, and though it is necessary to submit a vote to the House for its amount. Hon. gentlemen who attended to the Committee on Nlavy Estimates last year may remember that therighthon. gentleman who then occupied the situation I now have the honour to fill recalUed to their recollection the great changes he had made in the constitution of the Admiralty Department in 1830. He entirely abolished subordinate boards, and, in point of fact, carried into execution measures of administrative reform far greater than had ever been hinted at in modern days. When the authority of Sir G. Cockbum is quoted by some hon. gentlemen as indisputable in all matters relating to the Admiralty, it should be recollected that all these. beneficial improvements were steadily opposed by him; and among them was the introduction of a far better system of accounts. The navy debt had accumulated, and money was voted, which was not brought to account. The right hon. gentleman introduced a system of book-keeping, with double entry, similarto that practised in commercial establishments ; and from that time forward the accounts were audited and put on a more satisfactory footing. This improved system went on for upwards of 20 years of peace without room for objection; but when the time of war came some of the expenditure was nearly doubled, and there now appears to be an excess of expenditure in the navy department of 204,0001 But the fact is that this excess of expenditure is not owing to a greater sum having been spent on the whole than thatwhich theHonse voted, buttotheaccounts having beenworked up so rloselythatalargeexpenditureof 300,0001.,whichin ordinary eiromnstances would be defrayed in the course of the third year, hadbeenbroughttoaccountinthe course ofthepastyear. If anyhon. gentlemanwill referto the printed paper " Naval Receipt and Expenditure," they will see it there stated by the Accountant-General that this excess is entirely owing to the greater aecuracy of the system which has been introduced of bringing the accounts to a close within the year; and the Commissioners of Audit corroborate the statemejit, and bear their testimony to the efficiency of the system. Instead, therefore, of taking blame for this excessive e-. penditure, it arises from a circumstance highly creditable to the department. This new system has been greatly facilitated by a change lately made in the modo of paying ships off when they comeinto port. In former times, little pay' passed into the hands of the sailor during the time of his: absence, and when a ship came into port the bools: were sent to be examined, and tho amount of pay due, to bo calculated by a mixed commission, taken -from the offices of the Payrnaster-General and the Accountant-General. A -considerable delay consequently took place before the amount due to the sailor could be calculated, but within the last two or three years the sstem has been changed, and now the payment of the men is nade bt the paymaster of each 'ship. He keeps his books regularly made up, and-thus ecah ship of the Baltic fleet, both of 1854 -and l1855,-was-paid offin a-very-short time-after iteame into| port. Thero was no delay or- difficulties of anykimd,-aidl 'every man was set at liberty cither to go on leave or to&enter into another ship within a couplf of days at the ntmost; --I am glad to have this epportiUmity of bearing my testimony to.a the great exertions of the Aceountant-GeneraJof the-Navy J troducing and perfectingthis systemn, andI lan equallygl-:to' 'bear msy testimony toAthe -energy and zeal wthichs the p4.- nzsWers of. tie etlet haye displayed in unldertakngd siie- cessfuoly carrying out this important and beneicdd ilclxose, Connected with this subject is a further change which w proj-pso to effect in the moae -ofE iadg~pamen*ts ini tX dockyard. In consequence of subttutungpayment*i ioasters of ships for the old-sqemu, a great portion of thE dutiet hitherto performnedbythe clerls in the dockyards hM been done away with. We propose to relieve them of the se. maiuder of-their duties, to r f thfm t-o 'their respecive ofces in London, And to substitute for them in exch of tho prinpldockyardsanofficer, tobe called an aecountat( who will, in addition, have intrmsted to him thepayment o4 the- dockyard wages. This duty is at present _di. charged by the storekeepezs, to the great interrup Lion of their other work; but I believe it Will be very much better done by an- accountant -efi pressly confined to the Monetary transactions of the yarc' This change I expect will enable us to carry out a great imm' provement in cheCidng the disbursements 'for the' yard wages. As far as mere day pay isconcerned rll is plain ani straightforward enough, but when we come to job work it; does require considerable accuracyjnd attention to prevent a loss to the public. The first vote, therefore, which I shdl ask the commitee to sanction vil be 204,0001D, for- excess oc expenditare inthe last year. We lave, in point of ;bct100,0001. less than the amount brought to charge in thecourse of last year, instead of being left over,-as it would. have been in former times, to be charged in the vote of the' present year. I now come to the estimates of the yea itself.. It is quite true, as my hon. friend behind me state, that tce estimates are based upon the sunposition of' the war being continued. The preparation of the estiEateg; began at a time when the prospects of peace were not so. flattering as they may now be, but, at all events, we areperfectly right in presenting the House with vnar estimates. (Hear, hear.) When I come to propose the votes the Houseu 'will see that I do not ask for estimates for the whole year biutIliope theHouge will' sanction a war estimate for smch a time as wil cover the greatest possible delay in deter- ruining whether we are to have peace or war. (Hear, bear.) The best security for peace is to be ready for war. (Hear, hear.) If we show any hesitation, or any unwillingness to, carry on the war, depend upon it our enemy will avail himself of it; but show that you are firm, that you are ready, if negotiations for peace should fail, to carry on war as it has; not yet been carried on, and I believe our chance of obtaining peace will be much improved. Iappeal, therefore, with. confidence to every memberof this House-not onlyto those. 'who-haveso nobly supported the Government throughout. this war in their endeavours to bring it to a succasful end, but also to those most anfIous for peace, to support us i0 these Totes; because byso doing theyevwil e bpromotiug. that end at which they are so earnestly a ning. Hear hear.) But even should we obtain peace, hon. gentiemenmust not flatter themselves that in the first year of pemouP any considerable rfduction can be maadein ouraexpditure. If my hon.friend will refer to the debate whichtook: place on the termination of the grat war in 1816 he willfinda verycurionsstatement made bythethen Secretaryto the Admiralty, showing that in the first year of every peace during the preceding century the estimates weroarger than in the last year of war. The 'change in the. system of payment of the ships which I have just mentioned. diminishes to some extent the necessity of such an increaser of expenditure, but yet my hon. friend must see that the reduction of the number of ships afloat necessarily entails a, heavy expenditure atthe moment of reduction. The increased. vote for muen is about 150,000L, whbich is caused by an increase of 6,000 men, and by an increased rate of payment. The hon. gentleman has reFerred to the coastguard. Of course, when we are able to reduce the force afoat, the firstpersons who will return to their ordinary avocations will bethe coastguardsmen and riggers ; but, so long as we are increasing our force,it would be most injudiciousand unwiseto. disniss these m3en, who are tried and good sailors, and to replace them by men who have received no training. The iucrease in the expenditure for the marines is due principally to a change of system -which has been introduced during thepast year. Instead of merely increasing the number of ordinary marines, we have greatly increased the numberof that. aluable corps, the larine Artillery, who, being more. highly trained, receive a higher rate of pay. The exiperience of last year at Sreaborg, and on otheroccasions on which these men have been employed irs working great guns, either on shore or afloat, has shown thewisdom of this change. Of the sum asked for by this voteI propose to take only a portion on account. Instead of 3,200,000.Iwill takeaconpIc of millions only. (Hear. hear.) At the same time, I will not flatter the committec' by saying that I believe that that sum wvill be all that will, even under the most favourable circumstances, be required. during the year. The next vote is one of l,434,7iOt. for victuals for seamen and maries. In that there is an increase of 60,6491. The increase arising from the additionm to the number of men would have amounted to about. 120,0001.; but from thatthereistobedeductedadecreaseof cost, arising from the diminution of the price of provisIms sice last year, amountin- to about 6B0001. ; leaving the net increase at the sum I have stated, In this vote' also I propose to take only a sum of one million on accoumt. That sum will be required because the contracts are madc early in the year, and cannot be postponed or' made week by 'week as the provisions are required. In theo next vote-138,3991. for the Admiralty Department-I do not think it possible to make any diminution, because, even afterthe war is ended, there will be a large number of' accounts to settle and a great deal of correspondence to' conduct, wich will render it impossible that we should immediately dispense with the services of the large number' of temporary clerks who are nowr overcrowding our rooms,. There does, in fact, appear to be a small diminution since' last year; hut that arises princpaly from the replacement of old clerks, who have retired, byyoung ones who of course receive lowecr salaries. In future years the salariesof these gentlemen will probably be advanced, and therav 'will then appear to be an increase of expenditue, as there now appears to be a diminution. The poag, to which the -hon. member has referred, is a matter for which the Admiralty is notresponsible. TheTreasnythoughtitdesirablethat. the postage should all be included in one vote, in order that. the whole expense on tt account ma a r at a glance. The nest vote is 20,000!. forlNaval CoaiVPouteers. in that." there is a considerable reduction. The number of men 'who have entcred has been much smaller than was expected. I think it is possible, however, that this establishmentmaybc.- turned to more account when the number of sailors em. ployed in the n:vy is reduced at the conclusion of peace ; and I am therefore unwilling to adopt the course which. some persons have suggested, and to put an end to the system which w.as recommended by a committee of most ablc' officers during the time that the Duke of lNorthumberlandL was at the head of the Admiralty. The next vote is 58,982!. for the scientific branch. In that department there has been_ am increase of expenditure, to which I think the country will willingly assent. The first item is for an increase of the. salaryofthe AstronomerRoyal. Itisnow20yearmsince Mr. Airey was appointedto that position at a smaller salary than his predecessor had enjoyed. While he has filled that. office he has distinguished himself by various improvements. in the constitution of the Observatory and its apparatus. He has shrunk from no labour, and has constautly under. taken work not cormected with the Observatory. The character of that establishment now stands as high as, or higher than, that of any other estaLblishment in Europe. The cataloFuc of stars 'which the Astronomer Royal hasprepared has been appealed to without hesitation as the. most complete and perfect one which exists. (Hear, hear.) He has applied photegraphy to the tnkin of observations, and has been at much trouble in connexson with the measures which have recently been adopted for comr municatin- the correct time to the mercantile marine. He has also taken part in many scientific inquiries; and it is only right that the coLntry should in some manner express the sense which it entertains of the value¢ of his services. The other principal item of the increase iii this department is a sum of 4,200k, required for procuring: and erecting at the Royal Observatory a more per. fect astronomical instrument caUed an equatorial. TnQ equatorial -now in the Observatory is inferior to those' possessed by any similar establishment of any reputation in Europe, and even to one which has been erected by a gentleman in the county of Sligo. There is at present an opportunity of obtaining a very perfect one with an object-glass 13 inches in diameter, and the' Astronomer Royal has proposed to me to take a vote for itSurchase nd for the erection of the necessary machinery. lo that vote I am convinced the House will most villingly assent. The next vote is 153,7915. for Her Majestys establishmentsathome. Thegreaterpartoftheincreaseinthisvotehas been rendered necessary by the pressure of work in the. dockyards; but it also includes an itemwhich, as it may provoke some opposition, Ithink it right to explain. Wefoimu' that there are in the navy a considerable number of Roman Catholic officers and soldiers, and we thought it was but, fair that they should, vwhen in port, have the opportunity of attenng at the performance of divine worship according, to the rites of their own church. We have, therefore, at` each of the ports, caused to be prepared in a ship in ordinary accommodation precisely similar to that which is provided for the service of our own church, and in these snips Roman Catholic priestshave perfbrmed service hithertowithout remuneration. I propose to the House that we. should at each port pay a Roman Catholc chaplain for the performance of service to the seamen of the fleetU An impression having existed that there are in the fleet no great number of seamen of the Roman Catholc persuasion, I desired a return to be prepaxed, showing the number of officers and men who attended the celebration of divine -worship according to the zitual of that church, at the three' great ports. I findthat yesterday there attended theRlomans Catholic service at Sheerness 2 officers and 59 men, and at. Portsmouth 120 officers ind amen. The aver3ge number of those who have attended that servie at Plymnth lhas beeu 26 officers and 197 men. It is exceedingly undesirable that- the men should be equired to land in port, as such landing generally leads rather to attendance at publiehouses than at. a place of ublic 'worship; and Ibelieve it will be very conducive to the discipline of the service, as well asto themoral character of the men, that they should have the opportunity of attending this service. I. therefore, trust that the suim reqsiredfor that purpose vil be granted by the House. The next three votes are for the salaries of officers and 'wages of seamen in the wards at home and abroad. I do not think it is possible to reduce the sunis pak for wages. Hon. gentlemen are aware that during the last year much building has been done by contract; butthat is not as atisfactory mode' of executing the 'Work3 We_ fnd that even the' largest contractors seldon% have an extensive stock of materia on hand,: ani} consequently 'much of the timber thsat is put nto even tho smaller vessels is not- sufficiently seasonedL hMore than that, very fev contractors have kept time and deliveredthevesselsatftbeperiodlatwhichtheypronisedthens Independenly of the greater pun.L'tl insured by sch' an arrangement, I cannot but thiak that, both as regrds the soundness-of the materials used and the superior eha' racternofthepworlanahip, the intetess of the public W be best.promoted by doing the work as much as possible ise onar own dockyards, insteadof giving it out en contract, aS W5 ClifbTy inf omertlmies. Theaunonnt ofrepaisuneces' sayoo eciefstur nsi5ingfronsthe B1ackSeaaid! was to a certain extent ;dimnsedbuta as the voiiiIitte} , . . . _~o
PARLIAMEBTABY NOTICES. HOUSE OF COMMONS. TUFSnAV. FRT. 12 XOTICp_ OF VMOTIO' C`olonel North.-To askwhat stepa haTe been taken by the Government (in accordance with the pronise made last year) to carry into effect the recommendationlof the Committee on Sandhurst College, for the admission ofli additional cadets into the orphan class at that establisthment? Mr. Seymour Fitzgerald,-To ask the Vice-President of the Board of Trade whether it his intentiontopropose, dosing the present session, any measure for the prevention ofaccidents on railways; and also, as it appears from the proceedings in reference to the report of the offlcer appoited to mquire into the condition of the Eastern Counties llaulway, that, though the Board of Trade has the power to direct inquiries into the condition of any line of railway, it has no power to compel the nepirs that may be absolutely necesasy for the security of the public, whether it is his intention to introducca any measure for the purpose of investing the Board of Trade with the authoritynecesearyfor thepurpose? Mir. M'MWahon,-To ask the Chief Secretary for IreLand whether he intends to bring in any measure for facWilitating the reclamation of Lrish waste lands? also. whetherhe intends to bring in anymeasure to amend the Irish grand jury sytem ? SirJ. Fergusson,-To ask whether any any stepswill be taken by the Government to bring under the notice of the Treasury the various memorials presented tothe Lord Lieutenaut on the subject of an improved postal communication between Belfastand the north of Ireland on theone side, andScotland andthe North of England on the other? Colonei W. Patten,-To ask.wbether the joint commission agreed to in the monih of Augstaslt by the Emperor of Morocco and Her Mazesy sXmscr lenpotutily.to rlaE a commercial treaty, has edelay ? r.Ewat,-Bito extend the provisionsof the Scottish Munidpal Reform Act to certainRoyal burgha in Scotland now excluded frorn the benefitsi of that act. Mr. Xapier,-That, In the opinion of this House, as a measure of dministrative reform, prorision should be made for an efcient and responsible department of public justice. with a viewv to siecure the skilful preparation and proPer structure of Parliamentary bills, aud promote the progressive snicedmentof thelawxsof the united kingdom. Mir. B. Davies,-ScleCt committee to inquire into the advisability of constructing a harbour of refugie and defence in Cardigan Bay; and wvhether it may not be advantageous also to employ convict labourin thesaidworks? r. Muntz,-Select committee to inquirebow far the present monetary system is in accordance with the requirements of the country, and to consider if it cannot be imnproved and amended. Mr. Loclie King,-Lists of the Christian and surnames of al persons in the united kingdom who, since the passing of the act for granting to Hier Majesty dutieson succesion toproperty- (16th and 17th Victoria, chap, 11.have died ineach year leaving wFils that have been proved, withl the datc of the probate; and other particulars respcsting; successian duty. Sir D. II. Evans,Copy of a General Order of the 3d of April, 1355, by the Commander of tbe Forces in the Crimea, suspending the operation of the military savings banlein that army, as established by act of Par;lament. hlr. Scholef5eld.-Select Committee on the adulteration of food, drinks, and drugs. Mr. T. hlitchelL-Bill to repeal the act 22d George Im, disqualifying contractors frombeing elected to or sitting and voting as members in the House of Commons. Mlr. Horsman,-Retums showing the totilnumber of panpers i-u door and out-door) in receipt of rehef on the first Saturday of January, 15i. and the first Saturday of January, 1816, in the unions in Ireland; specifying the increase or decrease in the latter, as compared with the former period. Of the total number of paupers in receipt of relief in the wroeboose in each prosinc. in Ireland at the close of the first week (ending Saturday) of January 1849, 181, IS8}, 1I, 18W3, 1851,1815, and 186, am Mr. Colvile,-Bill to amend the laws relating to the qualiflcation of justices of the peace. blr. Guinness,-Addressfor returns of all fees chargeable upon b5ronetcies, Orders of the Bath, or other honowable distinctions confenred by Her Majesty in reward of distguished services, and of any expenes incdent to such creations or distinctions. The Chancellor of the Nxcbequer,-Cooies of the correspondence between the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Governor and the Deputy Governor of the Bank of ERoland, on the subject of iing additional bank notes within the ilmit of the act 7th and 8th nVctoria, chap. 32; Ag of the Order in Council authorizing the iseue in question. Mr. wowe.-Retirns showing n os each raillway corspanywbat was, on the 31st of December, 1814, nd the 31st of December. 185, the amount expended by the comrn on capital account, and also the amount of capital expended on the lines leaed, and forwhich rent is paid by the company, distinguishing the amount of capital on which Interest ordividend was not prid out of revenue. from that on which the interest or dividend wa paid out of revenue as each date respectively, and also distinguishing the preferential securities, whether shares or debentures, from the ordinary shares or sock of the company- ACsx, of the gracm amount receired by each railwiay comifor traflofortheyearsendingths31stofflecember. 1884, and te1s of December, 18S5, sdatingthe precentag2e which t&e trsffio bears to the total cpital, and the jiercentage which the trafflebearsto the capital en which interest or devidndap s pid out of revenue, - nd tslap the rate of dividend paid on ordinary capital for each year. oItDE]S oy TBE DAY. Charitable Uses Bill,-Secoud Beading. Supply.-Rport. JoDint stock Bans (Scotu n Bia s,- d Reading.
MORAND-A.HALP and THREE per CENT. F ___L FBRV OA D3S.-Holders of the a *e Stokare I uste to alw notioe that, by.order of the rerov5ial Ifliniter, Anto i~~~~~~~~~~gntMes, bours of lland2 o'clock. our the purpose of STAMPING on the said BONDS the recent CONCESSIOR of the PeruvTlian Government with respect to the increase in the Sinking Fand.-London, Feb. 6, 185. F ATAL ACCIDENT, near Lewisham Station. on X~the 28th ult.-Tbe humnanity aLnd benevolence of the public sre mostearnestlyAPPEAl,EDtoonbebalfof the Mothierof the young man Thomss Mslett, who was kile whmrsin h bove line on the 28th ult. For several yeaznbh dbe n tlhe main support of his mother and a family of younger chidren, the father having heen by a severe Operatioyn inCaPAcitate from hard labour. In hopes of being enabled to do more for his mother, he ha obtained vwork at Lewisham onlya week before this lamentable aocident cut himnof, The shock to the father, who waspresent, haa reduced him to a state of almost ime. beclit. isdhsnoterIs ro let ithaninvald daughter of 18, thre yungr hilren ad 9helles hsbad,totally dependent on her.Itihopotohablto pthe inosom litleshop, so as to enale er o upprthr finly n te hnet idepndecewhich has eve chraceried er;andfo ths ojec th cotriutinsof the nubIle ar eamestlyolscitedy the undrsigned,to whmthe fanmily has eenknow fo man yers, nd ho cn tstif totheir great J-IRYSTAL PALACE.-Exhibitors! Department.- - The Directors, baving made arrngemeuts with many of the princpipal exhibitors in theParisExhibition for the transference of their coods to Syde5ih5n,a.' dLo(esirous of maling similar arrangements with the manufacturer of the United Kingdom generally. The are, theefoe, repredto ran SPCE orthe EXHIBITB .I of SPECIMNS ofHA UFATUSE,at a nminalrout, for one year, Eveyfailty il hegien ortalngordrsand mialdng sales from aam~es,utn deiveyofgoos wll e prmitedin this department Manufac,turers and others at present exhibiting in the non-zelllug iviionaxeinfrme tha, o th exiraionof their present tenancy, hey ~illbo alloed to occupy space at anoia rent until the 0thof pnl lI?. artes ishng o aailthemselves of tho hibtor? Dparmen, a thCrylalPalce.forforms of application, whih msthe etune onorbefre he1stofMarch next. The Directors reserve to themselves a right ofselection in respect of goods for which space may be aRpliod for. G RV,Smay Crysta Palace. Febiruary 2M . G .GOE Sceay fIR YSTAL PALACE% Sydenham-The PALACE %.Iand PARK are OPEN to the public on Mondays, at P g.m., ana On Tuesdlays, Wedniesdays Thmueays, and Fridays at 10 am., on which da3a te amisionis s.,andouFturaysatnoon, when the admis. ~onis s.,cloineac da at5.0 pm. icktsof admission includting MADAMINE TUSSAUD)andSONS.-TheKinZof Sar. dmnis,AlexanderfL G .Canrobert, King of Demnar -, Duke of 0smbridge, Empe=&radEmp` of theFrench, Emperorand Eors of Austria, late Maesties of RsI,St.Amnaud,Lord Raglan, Omar Pslaha,Sultan,.ko. Napoleon Chamber, do. Open from Utilldusk, and 7 to IO.-Bazaar. 3a-er.t, Admiasionlr, Napoleonroorns. 6dextra. warm commendations ot the press, In this aud other countries, is now open daily. A new series of original specimens and models, embrac. lug some most important and curious features ilustrative of the wonder of the human structure has just been added to the collection, whichi now stands wholly unrivaled in the world. Lectures are delivered dunn the day; and a new one is delivered by Dr. EKhan, at calop t eC-suare.vevyaening. Adminsion ls.-4, Coventry. TIIARE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.-Lessee, THr.EA. T. Smith.-The reduced prices at this theatre are as folloW:-Private boxes, to hold two persons, l0s. 6id. (5s. for each person extra) - on the gad tier n gunea; prosceniumn and stage boxes, 12 2& ; galeries, 6. ad Is. ; Pit, 2s.; upper boxes, Is. 61. ; firt cirrcle. 2r. 6d.: dress circle, 3%.-The Last Morning Performance of the Grand Comic Pontomime will tak-e Place This Day (Tuesday. Feb. 12, at 2 o'clock, an which occasion the Ve:erans of the Army who have returned from the Crimea will ~y bow1nc their Afedals, be adniltted free to wiiness the Grn Rtmm.Te performances terminate every evening at halfpaut 11 o'clock.-Owing to the nightly overflow to wintsm the first Coeedian and the best Boys' Pantomime ever produced, ladfies and gentlemen are solicited to book their places early,. to prevent dis-appointmnent. The free lis is entirely susllended.-iotice to the public: In consequence of the great applause and laughter bestowed upon the wonderful experimente of the Wizard of the S.S~W. by S., the new ascuib. entitled The Great Gun Tric], will be repeated every evening, with the highly suoeesafurl Pantomime.-THISEVENING will e peforme THEGREATGUN RICK by Professor Ohales Idahew, te Wrar ofthe&S.. b S.To conclude with the TartenKiong Nonsnefn the Seven.P*pneAges of Man. Thdersctener twonPfitalommns, w Sucoesso twob Clown (arry Blackeyed Sand_o half-ast . andcomm nc at uigth?.aemn tChita lat of th agettentre in London. Professor Anderson pledgedI himslf o te pbli toproucethe most gorgeous and, if possible, the bestpanomim oftheseason. Efficiently to carry out that pledge edeemndto spare no cost, nor fail to avail himself of whiatever talent he etrddiscoverandacommand. Hisarrangements were made forapeidosx weeks, over which term he did not expc thu pantoiet u.Ecutrn many difficulties in prdcn- pantomnime at a hos whr oehad been for yasweenal all the machinery had to be consttructed and every "property" to ho imade-The Bkele Allance or The Field of the Cloth of Gold. was placed on the stage at an outlay of nearly 47.000, and wa a once recognized by the press and by the public as being worthy of the house at which it was presented and the unprecedented exen diture incurred in its production. Its popularity has increse9a every representation. At the p resent moment, after a run of 40 nights, between 2.000 and 3.000 persons pay nightly at the doors to witness its grotesque incidents, its gor"geons appointmnents, and its magnificent scenery. Tho operticdrm of Rob Poy. and the ever-popular melodrama of Black-eyed Susan. produced, as they have been, at a cost us lavis as that bestowed on the pantomime, have achivedan eualamont o sucess Wihinthe walls of Covent- attedane, ad te aplaue bstewdontheperformances, ratify thefufilenuf heproiss mdeby heleseeatthe commenceement of te sason an waranthisindugin inself-congratulation at havig acompishd atriuph n th wa ofsuccessful mianagement Unde thee cicumsance he as hd nohesitation in arrau~ng with the directors of the theatre for its occupancy until it is requIred for the purpoe of the Royal Itlian O)rera., at the commencement of the nexEt Lodon season The extrusion of hislesse hasbeen mostt courteously accorde-d to him, and increased facilties granted for Producing various norelties Thepantomim'ae, on accunt of its crest success, will ba rePeated nightly, Rob Roy and Black-eyed Susan, wHi be perfocnned on alternate aightsuntil further notice. the same attention which has boon paid to their production as regends ecenery. costumes, and other accessories to effect, will be paid to everythin appobaionoftheaudtos, he umuatve uccssof each newr sande mounto pesvr in hipah which hastledrittoosto at Coventsarden he ispWeretly assured, the samne causes which beare already elicited success will, without doubt, continue to produice it. amPlifying at thesrame time its amount and its certitude. The public Are respectfiUly aPPrised, that however popular any piece produced under the present nmanagement may be, the number oflite rep resentations will be limited;1 thus, for instance, Rob Roy and Black-eyed Susan will be Played on altemeato nights during the p resent week, but no promise can be made of their repetition beyond that term, unless it be found to comt rt with other armgements nowin progress. Hence it is expedient t t seats shbould bo bookedl early, by tho&e whoare desirous of seeing the granidest Scottish spectacle ever p'laced on the stage, Or the revival1 of Douglas Jerrold!s ceebrated melodranma with more aLttention to the miss en scene than has been bestowed iupon it at any timne or in any theatre. The dramas which will succeed these will shorilybe announced ; and the renewed season of the pre-sent manageMent will terminate with the p reduction of English opera on a grand scale, introducing thewhole of the avallable English musieai talet to be found in Great Eritain.-THIS EVENING (Tuesday. Feb. 12), ROB ROY. RobRoyMcGreigo, ProfessrAnderson; Hfelen M%cG;regor. blrs J. W. Wallsck. Rob oy will be repeated on Thuroday sand Saturday ; and Black-eyed Suswn To-morrow (Wednesdtay-) and Friday. The Performance each evening will conclude with the representation ot the gret pantomime of 1816 entitled YE BELLE ALIANCE : or, Harlequin Good Humour and the Field of the Cloth of Gold. Clowni, Mr. Fexmore: Pantaloon, Mtr. Barnes: Columbine, 1dm&- E~mcm Homne; andHarieqrIn Mr. C. Brown. Private boerm z3 Is., £e2 2r. £1 Is.. and 12,.: granid balcony, 4s. ; upper boxes, 2z, 6d. ; pit, anti ampithatr stlls Is ; allry,Ii,Priateboxes and seats in the, belcos~, atlls, nd uper boxs maye secred o a pctiratthe box-ffic of he Teate, wich n opn, uderthe X1Prectien o.f Mr. (FRill, dil frm 1 t 5.Priat boes ayalso be tak-en at aUl thepubic ibrrie, Te ublc ae rspetfulyadvised that in consesinncef te atratIo oftheperormnce itis mpos,s-b1e to obtain frot satsunlss heyarebooed arl. Domopen every evening at rPHATR ROAL,HAYMABKET.-THis MsHae(frthe firt im),Mis eyols,Aferwhch OLYA HALFPENNY, as prfomed t Wndso Catle y cmman ofHer Majesty. Conluinewih te anomie f TE UTTRFWSBALL V)OYAL PRINCESS7s THEATRE. -THis kEn; EVENING (Tuesday and on Friday, HENRY VIII. Tomorrmw (Wednesday'), Hasiet. Thursday, Every One Has His Fault, Saturday, Te Corsican Brothers. And the PantomfimeEveryEvenin. T HETREROYAL, ADELPHI.-Great Success.- Firs1tAWTeek since Christmas of MAr. and Mrs. Reeley in the successful new farce celled That Blessed Baby, and Betsy Baker.- Second Week of Mr. B. Webster and of Boots of the Holly Tree to reoareentc. Cobbrsetor. B,etr. THAT BoulEss.-nteD BatY byumrh.-anHMm LUKeeY. AndF E the popla b rleqeand comic pue.adth ra antomime of tAKAN hHeB sTAson, oVR. HaVequin and MotheraGoose aot HomderfAgain.tJck ndmsi Harequi, MlLAdam Ceolevsite: theGreGooseatind Clumie ,is nh O InTY te aagmn of LOND. PheiARE.-THrS EVEion ,f Baret,F probin-dson ut,aP.C. Harris, Roy,ISBElfor, Lewis Gual,yH tnen peordTHS EM concluden with HNLEUNlNsPSoInOOS chnEs,Eand NThemot wonerfl pnThmimetsi e theordiorld All M R. ROBERT GOLDEECK lana th~~e honour to annune,tha hli12rtune to town. Engagements for par- TERR K(ENIG.-Mr. W. WIIN-TEREoTTOAi hascommenced, for the season, givIing INSTRUCTION on the X-CONE-1-PISTON .(on Herr Komenig systenm), having been ap pointed byta dsigished artist to carry out his methodl of teach Ing.-Julenc and Co.as, 214, Regent-street. WALGRAVE, Northamptonshirei-Eligible F'ree- VThold Estate.-For SALE by AUCTION, by MIr B. OAIELL at the Leugham Arm,= in WalevTe, on Thursdasy, Februar 14, at for3eoclock in the afternoon (subjett odiin fslet ete and there produce, al that susantilM0ESUAGE or FARMHOUSIA with the ars stables, cowhouses hovels, piggerier yards, gardens, farm homestead. ancl premises situtet in Walgmave aforesaid, and about 123acres of valuable amble and pasture land, nearly adjoin. jgthereto. in the occupation of the Trustees; for Sale acting undLer the Vsil of Mir. Wm. Knlight, deceased, viz. :-House hemesteed, and Home Close, Pasture, Sa. Or. 19p. ; Cow Close, pasture, 12a. Or. IiRick Close, Pasture. 9a. Ir. 7p.; Ley Close, arable, Ils. Ir. l4p.; Old Side Close, t!rst part, amble, Pa. Or. IS. ditto. second part, wamble and pasture IOs. lr. ISp.; Standeli Pit Close amble, 1Os. Sr. lIp.; Road Close amble and pasture, 18a. Ir. Sp.; Headland Bush Close, arable, " a3r.2p. ; Sty Way Close, pasture, 19a. Ir. lDp.-total, 12.la. 2r. Ip. Also, at th~e same time and place will he sold, the following desirable fromNertaniton nd Wlllgborurlm Toview tho estates apply to To thO INDEpEyDMM ELECTORS of the BOROUGIE o LEOMINSTER; Gentlemen, A Recenetvent aving deprivedyou of one of Your .&JLreDmuttiv I entu tooffr myse asa candidate for your ~An.Iam1Personallyunknownto you,I feel in duty bound to stte favoublevozuextmeon r tbesifa6e1 vote byballot, and ge~nerally to the,se mueasuares of progress and sinprovenent wvhich yae usually received the support of the Liea pasry. Army and naevy reform and a just distnibution of rewrds uan 1ffomeotiOn in those brauenbes of the sgervice I look upOn as flecessI7 for deparmnts in general seemtuo maeto dnetmand searchin and esirfu I consider the educaUon of tho people should be placed on a firm and solid basis, and Iam prOepared to give my support to any mesure The vigorous prosecuion ot t'he war, until we obtain a afe and lasting peace for ourselves. 5Well as for the more exposed States of the continent, and a limttion of Rusian encroachments in Asia. vwould be the first condition of my support to any Government, and that condition seems at present to be fulflle by these nowv at the head1 of Intending to present myself immediately to sour notice at a publib meeting, I will postpone for the present furither detailed statements, aTndconclude by assuringyou that, in tbe event of my attaining the object ot my ambition, my gratitude to fon shabeevinced byan hmnest and Maberiouattention to publhc dutes and the intereste or the cbuotry ae large. T have the hbnour to be, gentlemen. aour obeedient humble servant, JAME3 CAMPBEl.L (of Grove-house, Hendon).. Rteform Club. London. Feb. 1L I156. To the VE:STRY of sT. MARYLEBONfE. My Lord an d Gen itemen, Bed to offer tyself a Candidate for the Apnoint- e ovr eic cer of i ealth to the Parishcof St. O fsaryle hlone. The testimonials laid before yOU will. I believe, be found to contain amnple evidence of fitness for the duties I seek to fulfiit I have also. by previous attention to sanitary questions, and by nearyitbree years' of smdiide attentioto t°het ° ocurn eofscknes 3among the p0orin further claims. Trusting that myapplication, accompanied as itisbythe tender of my entire services, may meet with hberal support, I am, my Lords and Gentlemen, Your most obedient servant, wILAM SQUER 6, Orbrd-street, Portmansuae, February9, 1656. To the PROPRIETORS of EAST INDIA STOCK. Ladies and Gentlemen, ?T~HE Legisaturo has vested in you the povrer of .Zeletingirecors f theRestIndi Comany,so asi to form, in this country theamoot efficient Board for the administratinonof alU the affaTss of the vest Empa-e of India, and that each greet departmnent at the Rest India-house shall be duly supervised by Directors exPerienced in its nffaiun. Of the 18members o theCourt, no win office, seven were in theCiv'l Service of India, fve were in the Military and one only in the Naval Service, one was a barrister, and one an ofricerof the Supreme Court of Calcutta, and three are London banlkes I. as a naval offioer, have faithfully erved yeo for nearly 20 years, and with equal fidelity and devotion of my time and abilities did I see you during the eight years I was a Director, studying in that period the affairsaof the whole of India-its fianoncs its revenues and expenditure, its commerce and defencesE and ever advocating the best measuresfordeveloping its resources. I feel it myduty tothe'rpIetaryhbody, ainettooffer myself as a candidate at the election nWeSd"needa ofA si nextawe five vacancies must be fided up. and I earnestly solicit your votes,either by proxies or in person. at the ballot. if I canmot claim such consideration as your civil and military ser. vents, I trst you wil not allow the BMarine Departments at home aud abroad, the affairs of the large Indian navy. the Pilot Services, the costly Dockyards of India, the immense contracts for naval stores, for freight, and transport of troops, &c.. to be Directorially supervised by onlyono naval member in the Court. On these groud, I appeal to eU parties to reinstate me as aDirector of et eEarstniyjustmify myeinaow roeqeues^ting coommunications byletter. f-rom my kind supporters, to whoms proxies for voting can be sent, if requlired, prior to the election en the 9th of April. I am, Ladies and Gentlemnen, Your most. faithfufl servant, JOHN CLAItMO2T W HlT S . Committee Room, 72 Cornhill, Feb. 1L 1856.I _ _ TE}-TRE ROYAL DRUnY- LsFsee, blr. E T. Smith. THIS EVENING THE GREAT GUN TRICKI Characters by Mesrs C. JaathewEs Tilbury, Templeton, Ashley, and To conclude with HlEY DIDDLE DIDDLE. THEATRE ROYAT, COVENT-GARDEN. Lessee, Mr. J. HI Andersou. THIS EVENIG. ROB ROY. Rob Roy McGregor, Professor Anderson; HElen McGregor, m J. W. Wallack. To concludce with YE BELLE ALIANCE. TEATRE ROYA4, HAYNIARKYr. Under the 31anageiment of hlr. Buckstone. THIS EVENING, THE STRANGER. The Stranger. Mr. W. H. Simpson; Mrs. Haller, Miss Reynolds. Alter which, ON1LY A HALFPENNY. To conclude with THE BUTTERFLY'S BALL AND THE GRASS- HOPPER'S FEAST. ROYAL PRINCESSS THEATRE. Under the Mfanagement of Mr. Charles 'Kean. THIS EVENING wil be presented KING HENRY VIIL Queen Katharine, bIm C. Kean; Cardial Wolsey. Mr. 0- Kean. To conelude with HARLEQUIN AND THE MAID AND THE bMAGPIE; or, The Fairy Paradisa and HaUky Panky the Enchanter. THEATRE ROYAL,, ADELPHI. Propvietor, Mlr. B. Webster'. Directress, Madame Celeste. THIS EVENING willbe presented BETSY BAKER. Characters by Mr-, and Mrs. Keeley. After which. BOOTS OF~ THE HOLLY TREE INN. To be followed by THAT BLESSED BABY. To conclude with JACK AND THE BEAN STALKL ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. lessee. Mr. Alfred Wi'an. THIES EVENING, STAY AT HOME-4r. G. Vning, Mr. Emery, Mrs. Stirling, and biss Teman. THE DISCREET PRINCESS; or, The Three *lass Distaffs--Mesrs. F. Robsou. Emery. Danverc, H Cooper. Clifton. White: Misse Julia St' George. Marston, Ternau, Maskell. and Stephens. Commence at i past 7. ROYAL SURREY THEATRE. Lessees, Messrs. Shepherd end Creswick. THS EVENING will be presented THE SHADOWS OF CRIME. Characters by Messrs. CreswickL Rickards, C. A. Calvert, Vollairo, and W%iddicomb: Misses Marriott, Conway, F. Young. E. Sanders, and MIrs. Rickards. To conclude with A PRINCE OF PEARLS; or, Harlequin and Jane Shore. ASTLEY'S ROYAL AMPHtTHEATRE. Iessee and MIanager. bIr. W. Cooke. THIS EVEL2NEI'Gwili bepresentedROOKWOOD or. Turpin' Ride to Yorkr. After which, the Scenes in the Circle and the Ascent of the Stupendous Eleplhants. To conclude with HARLEQUIN AND ST. GEO1RGE AND THE DPAGONT. TO CORRESPONDENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of The Tinzes is reduced to 4d., and that 54d. is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affixed. Under the amended regulations of tho Post-office (No. 60) The Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an impressed stamp. No notice can ba taken of anonymous communloations. Whatever is intended for insertion mnust be authenticated by the na3me and address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, but as a gaarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to return rejected communications Or The publication of TE Toms comnmenced at 5 o'clock yesterday morning, and finihed at half-past 9.
LONDON, TUESDAY, FEBBUARY 12, 18;G. The House of Lords met yesterday at 5 o'clock. The Earl of CARDIGAN gave notice that he should to-morrow (this day) transmit to Lord PAxuRE a full explanation of his conduct as commander of a brigade of cavalry in the Crimea, considerighe had been unfairly reflected on by the report of the Go' vermnent Commission of Inquiry, and feeling he could refute every charge brought against him, The Earl of LIJcAN also complained of the impu tations against him contained in the report. Those imputations he had contradicted in the most solemn terms in a letter to Lord PAwMURE, and had requested him to allow that letter to be given to the public at once ; but it had not yet appeared, and he therefore asked Lord PAxmTuE to lay it on the table of the House, or allow him to publish it himself. Lord PA 3NE said it was not the intention of the commissioners to attack the character of Lord CARDIGAw ;they only expressed their opinion upon some points of the administration of the army. He had referred Lord LucAN's letter to one of the commissioners, and he stated that the charges Lord LucN referred to were proved by retums received on the spot and published with the report. The answer of the, commissioner would be ready tomorrow and should be laid on the table as soon as possible. The Earl of DFany inquired what course would be open to any other officers whose conduct was impugned by the Government report, and who could not vindicate themselves in Parliament. Would they be precluded from publishing their answer to any charges against them e Lord PANruRE could not authorize the publication by officers of official documents; but if any offlcer addressed an explanation to him on such points, he promnised it should be laid on the table of the House. The Earl of H.aDwicKE said many of those officers had received promotion and decorations for their conduct. If he were one of them, aud his character were afterwards attacked in this manmer, he wouldtear off those decorations and return them to the SOVBREIGN. Lord P-icunn explained that the decorations were given-for gallantryin action, and he 'hoped both Lord CADiGAN and Lord Lucaiwould'continue to wear them. The Earl of HARDwioxE was glad to have elicited the assurance that the reflections of the report were not intended to touch the honour of the noble earls as soldiers. Lord LYNDHURST gave notice that to-morrow (this day), at 2 o'clock, he should move that the House go into a Committee of Privileges, to examine and report on the patent of the Wensleydale peerage. A conversation ensued as to the course to be taken by the committee. Lord Lr;DnuRsT said the committee must meet first, and then decide on the course to be adopted. It would call evidence, and examine the precedents on the siubject. Earl GRBY asked Lord ClOLARnnox the question of which he had given notice, respecting a discre- Fancy between a despatch from Colonel RosE of March 25th, 3853, and another from Lord Sr.&TFOBD Dr REDCU.EE of the 27th of May following. In the first M. PxsAsi, the interpreter of the English embassy at Constantinople, gives a memorandum of the substance of a note verble presented to the Turkish Governmentby Prince MSCmxoF on the 16th of Mlarch; the purport of the note is given on the description furnished to M. PlsAr by RxFAAT PASEHAand the GsiuD VDztEa. InILord STRATFOSDS despatch his Lordship states, on the authority of M. Prsr, that RIFAAT PASHA would never be brought to acknowlrIedge the existence of such a note. Earl GBuv thought the discrepancy ought to be explained, as it involved achargo against Lord Ds RnoCuyrjL or MI. PIsrg, or both. Lord CLARENDoN could give no complete explanation of the discrepancy, and regretted Earl G(lEY had brought forward the subject at this moment, as it could be of no practical use or importance. He had no doubt the Turkish M1inisters were intiLmidated by the language of Prince M1urscHroFF, and were induced by him to conceal the existence of the note from the English Ambassador, and this had given rise to the two different statements. He had telegraphed Earl GsEfs question to Constantinople, and from the answer he had received it appeared M. PIrsAm still maintains the truth of the assertion that the Turkish Foreign Minister at that time would not acknowledge the existence of the Russian note alluded to. Earl GREY said the explanation of Lord Cx.I&xxxDON had not touched the point at issue. The House then adjourned. In the Eouse of Commons, on the question that the SPBxE. do leave the chair, in order that the House might go into a Committee of Supply on the Navy Estmates, Sir H. WmLouGnBY said it appeared there had been a considerable expenditure in excess of the Estimates voted by the House last year, which he thought a most dangerous principle, since the Govermmenthadthe powerof expendingmoneybeyond the amount actually voted by the House, and without its sanction. Sir C. NVOOD said it would be more regular to give the required explanation in the committee. Mr. W. Wmi.A&ss observed that there wmas an increase in the niumber of men of G,000 over the vote of last year, and suggested whether, in the existing state of the negotiations, it would not be better to defer this part of the vote. He commented upon some other items in the estimates, not, he said, out of a desire to offer any obstacle to a vigorous prosecution of the war, should it be necessary. The House then resolved itself into a Committee of Supply, when Sir C. WOOD, in moving the first vote, for 204,982g., the amount of the excess of expenditure beyond the Estimates voted last year, explained (in reply to Sir H. WIu.oI7GnBY) the causes of this excess, remarking that in a large expenditure it was not very easy to measure the amount so closely as that there should be neither excess nor surplus. Tn answer to Mr. Wmraax.ms, he said it was true that the Estimates were framed upon the supposition of the war continuing, and, under existing circurnstances, the Government were bound to present war estimates to the House. But he proposed to take them for such a time only as would enable Parliament to know whether we were to have peace or war, making preparations, in the meanwfile, to carry on the war, should the negotiations fail, so as it had not been carried on yet. From Estimates framed for the first year of peace large deductions could not be immediately made. Sir CnLstnES then went through the various items of the Estimates, giving explanations as ho proceeded. In conclusion, he recapitulated the improvements made in the naval department, and described the changes he proposed to make in the condition of the different grades in the service and in the establishments at home and abroad. He enumerated the vessels of light draught, mortar-boats, and floating batteries prepared or in preparation for next season, showing, he said, that measares had been taken for carrying on the war with the enemy, whoever he might be, with efficiency and vigour. After a discussion, embracing a great variety of topics, the vote of 204,982g. was agreed to. A vote of 76,000 men for a limited period, and votes on accolun of 2,000,0001. for their wages, and 1,000,0001. for their victuals, were likewise agreed to. The remaining votes underwent some discussion, but passed without amendment; and the resolutions were ordered to be reported. The House of Commons Offices Bil was read a third time and passed. Mr. J. D. FiwERATD (for MIr. Horssi,i) obtained leave to brina in a bill for enabling the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to acquire certain lands for the site of a prison for the reception of javenile convicts. Mr. Wmsox obtained leave to bring in a bill to extend the period for which HER MA3EsTy mav grant letters patent of incorporation of joint-stock banks, Scotland. The House adjoiurned at a quarter past 11 o'clock.
No reasonable man would expect, or even desire, that the expenses of war should be of an ordinary, regular, and perfectly accountable character. We have no more right to expect this than that war should be carried on, fleets and armies defeated, and empires brought to reason without damage to ourselves, without bloodshed, or any other horrors. War is the very worst business that man can be engaged upon short of crime, and it is not to be snpposed that the means shall ever be much pleasanter than the end. Woe, indeed, to mankind when war can be made agreeable or cheap-a mere trick of machinery, or a judicious application of money. Oould any of the thousand inventions sent to the Admiralty fulfil the kind intentions of their authors, and destroy fleets, armies, and towns with infallible regularity-were it only required to put the successful operator into his laboratory, or station him at a safe distance from his victims-then war wolrd indeed be destractive and incessant. At every slight provocation nations would resort to the fatal spell, and abandon themsedves to the amusement of slaughter and devastation. We cannot therefore feelmuch concern that the Estimates for a Navy in time of war require rather more explanation than a housekeeper's book or the annual piogress of a public building. The wonder is that the accounts of a war can be made out as they are, and, after all, we are bound to confess a considerable misgiving as to theirliteral truth. But we cannot wonder that at the very time when there is the greatest probability of peace, and practically a suspension of hostilities, the estimate of expenses should be greater than ever; that ammunition, gunboats, and all linds of destructive applianesa should be in active preparation, and that we should spend milions to-day on what we should be glad to sell next month perhaps for a tenth of its cost. In commerce this would be madness. It beats even the wantonness of wealth. But I iEharmonizes only too well with the dreadful nature of war. 'What is money to life t If it is our mission to encounter the dire necessity of shedding blood, it would be worse than childish to complain that it also costs money and is done with needless extravagance. We have it, indeed, on the word of Sir CHARLES WooD that we are making war with better books than we used to keep in time of peace. There are. some considerable expenses that come upon is this year becauso we are able to ascertain and charge them at once, instead of leaving them to come in as they can a year or two hence. Crews are now paid by the paymasters of the ships as soon as they come into port. The thousands of additional workmen employed in our dockyards are paid by accountants, instead of by storekeepers with plenty of other work on their hands. We have laid in by anticipation large stores of such materials as are necessary to the war, and of whicb the war is therefore likely, to enhance the value. By a large purchase of Italian hemp we have secured a supply, and sent down the price of the Baltio article. We are we11 off for coppor, and have taken the mnost vigorons measures to insure a supply of coal, which now--does the duty of vind to a modern fleet. -We have increased our dock accommodation, not only at home, but at 3alta; we have -nmensely enlarged our establishments at Woolwich, and have built barracls for every description of force. We have just been rendering ourselves independent of contractors-an independence not, indeed, without its cost, bat necessary when work is to be done in good time. Thus the genius of war strengthens and grows; becomes every month and every day more vigorous and terrible; increases by an impulse and law of its own; and is never so formidable as at the moment when returning peace banishes it from the face of day. We can countermand nothing. Up to the last moment the machine puts on all its power, and urges its utmost speed. War finds us unprepared, but it has its revenge. It exacts all arrears, and will be paid to the uttermost farthing. 'What we wanted at the beginning it adds on at the end; and, if we knew not when to begin, neither shall we Inow when to stop. - It always has been so with us. In the year 1816, says Sir CHAxr.s, it was pointed out how that in the first year of every peace in the last century the estimates were higher than in any year of. the previous war. In these days, then, we must fight as much with money as with men; indeed, on the sea it is more a question of money than of men. E very ship in the Baltic fleet Last year was a steamer; and a screw 90-gun ship costs half as much again as a sailing ship of the same metal, even in its original fabric, besides the consumption of coal. Modern warfare is continually increasing the weight and range of the guns, the nicety of every kind of apparatus, the refinement of every method of destruction. In other words, we do as much of the fighting as wve can at home, where crowds are worling in safety, but at an immense cost, in order that a few men may finish the process in the face of the enemy. No doubt, this is the invariable tendency of civilization. Savages fight cheap. They carry everything with them, and want no other preparation for battle than for the chase or for one of their own wardances. But, as wealth is always gaining some advantage, it comes at last to a contest of wealth with wealth, and there is little doubt that where there is anything like an equality of national courage and strength superior wealth must gain the day, even against greater n umbers. But this involves a high degree of self-sacrifice in the nation at large. The British people ought to feel a positive pride in the extent of their contributions to a noble cause. It is their part in the warfare, and a very light part. Not only have hundreds of thousands perished in this war, and many more suffered mutilation and permanent injury to their health and strength, but we compute with pride and security the exhaustion and desolation of Rutssia,-her fields deserted, her trade stopped, her communication interrupted, and misery brought home to every serf in the empire. We cannot for shame expect ourselves to be scatheless. WVe are not quite the people to destroy from the shelter of the wall or the bush, in the night, or the mist. No. It should be some satisfaction that if we inflict all this misery and mischief we suffer some ourselves, and both bear and do like men.
It is no small fault of politicians that they are too political. The philosophcrs svho served Lours PEPnmPrE lost him a throne because they strove to regulate men by a system in -which their memories, habits, and aspirations had no part. Even in our own coimtry it may be said that nuunberless faults are conunitted through the ignorance of legislators as to what the masses of mank-ind regard as of importance. in every land manikind are distributed somewhat like the formations on a geological map. In England there are manufacturing and commercial regions, which, wsith centres at London or M.anchester, Leeds or Glasgow, spread out in irregular growth, sending forth spurs deep into the heart of agricultural districts, among a people who seem to be of another world. *What do even those who study public opinion know of the prophets and great lights by which such populations are led? We hear of Lancashire and Metropolitan members, but what do we know of the popular Dissenting minister at whose chapel doors policemnen are regularly stationed to control the eager crowd, anud whose spirit-stirring tract is in its three hundred thousandth ? Wolverhampton, Chartist orators declare, requires a different style of eloquence from Mlanchester: how many members of Parliament understand this varied idiosyncrasy! To thousands in one district the truck system is the embodiment of aristocratic tyranny; others postpone all notions of electoral reform, or churchrate refoim, to the great question of prohibiting comnbination among mnasters. In fact, none of us thoroughly know our own country. Yet England is a country of one people; it has been long studied, and few in political life but would be offended if told that they were ignorant of its history and present state. How much caution, then, is necessary if we would legislate for a land of which we know little, and which has been viewed lately under conditions entirely exceptional ! It wil be seen that the Ambassadors of the three great Powers which are opposed to Russia have received the SuLTAN's assent to th6 changes proposed by them. The most important of these are the absolute equality of all subjects of the PoRTE and the extension of the conscription to the Rayals. There can be little doubt that such changes amount to a total revolution in the social state of Turkey. To appreciate their magnitude it is necessary to consider the manner in which different races, the vassal and the conqueror, have lived together, yet ummxed, for so mahny hundred years. The conquest of the Turks has been like that of no other in history; not even the Mussulman invaders of India left their unbelieving subjects so entirely a distinct caste. ln the Ottoman empire the Christians have been overwhelmed as with the lava of an eruption, and are to be found to-day unchanged, except by the influence of long inferiority. There is no feeling of nationality throughout the empire; each race&ha3 its traditions and customs, and is for itself alone. The Mussulmans have always been the dominant people, filling the highest places in general adninistration, and composing the military force of the empire. Any race which abjured its religion was admitted to the full rights of the conquerors. Even the Nubian slave who was a Mahomedan ranked in the estimation of all true believers before tho Patriarchs of the Christian churches. Each Christian population administered its own concerns by a permission accorded not so much from a spirit of toleration as of indifference. They were beneath the interference of the conqueror, who required nothing but submission and tribute. Hence has been continued that diversity of langaages, creeds, and customs which renders unity impossible. Every one now seems to be convinced that amalgamation is an idle dream. For good or - evi the SuLTAw nmust continue the chief, not, of a nation, but of a cluster of races partiily intermixed but never assimilating. It is for such a State that the European Powers are called to legislate. If any new systemis to be applied universamy to Turkey, it must owe its permanence to something which all these populations hare in common, rind such an e0ement no mnn can fina. It is pouiple,
The publication of the Crimean Report has at least had the effect of convincing the accused Crimean officers that some explanation of their conduct dtuing the period of their command is expected from them. In this Report certain specific charges are made against many officers-among others, against the Earl of LtcA, the Earl of CAeDIGAN, Sir RIcnARD Arnty, and Colonel GORDON. The representations mlade by Ministers in the two Houses of Parliament in pa21iation of the conduct of their chief military agents are now proved to have been totally intrue. The fatuous gossip of cc good society," and of the fierce old gentlemen in the clubs, has been duly weighed in the balance, and may now be estimated at its proper worth. The fact simply iS, that between them the chief English officers in the Crimea destroyed one-third of the army committed to their care. Three-fourths of the misery and starvation, and suffering from cold and want of clothing, to mak-e no mention of the absolnte annihilation of our splendid cavalry, must be referred to the gross incapacity of the officers in chief command. These gentlemen are now strutting about our streets with a21 the halo of heroism around their heads; they are receiving rewards from foreign Sovereigns; they are promoted to honours and dligni'ies at home, as though they had not done sufficient mischief in the East, and as if the past were to be sltrred over and forgotten. The report of Sir JoN ArrM' L and Colonel TOLtocH has fallen like a Russian shell in the midst of these dreamers, and they appear to be at last convinced that a day of reck oning has come which they cannot evade. This report-this official report, set on foot by the Government, and conducted by the agents of the Government-must receive the amplest consideration, and every officer whose conduct has been therein impugned must be brought to the most exact account. The Peers who took share in the debate last night appear to have, as it were, an inkling of this great trath, but they understand so little the gravity of the position that they fancy a few formal declarations and formal vouchers wll be sufficient to satisfy the public. This is not so. By al1 means, if the Earls of LveCN- and CiD1GAr, if Sir RiciAD AiRnB and Colonel GoRDox, are falsely accused, let Sir Join; M'NEThL and Colonel TuLLOCH, and all the officers and soldiers they examined, be covered with confusion. If, on the other hand, they are proved guilty of negligence, of incapacity, of gross unfitness for command ;- if it can be shown that the greatest share of the destruction which fell upon the British army before Sebastopol was due to their unofficerlike adini-aistration of their important trust, by the conseoqances they must abide. Fair play for all. But there is fair play for the dead as well skfor the living. The blood of 10,000 gallant Teterans-the flower of the English army-as true >_-iroes a3 Lord LucAx or Lord CARDiGAN, or as _Sir B. ATREy or Colonel GoBDow, cries from the groun-I for justice. The Houlse of Peers is the highes' court of judicature in the realm-we solenmzy admonish them, in the name of the Englislh people, how they prejudge this cause. - If they come forward as partisans, they will simnply link- the pryige of their order to the fortunes of men who are labouring under the weight of a beavy 3ccusation. brought against them by agents who hav6 in thv mcst diaipwrionately judicial spirit raported upon the ca3c. The proceedings last night in the House of Pee.s amount to this :-Lord CAawDoiAw gave notice to the SECruARy of the WAn DzPABTqT, " That, " having been reflected upon in, as he considered, " a very unfair manner in the report of a Commis"sion appointed by HEP. MxESTTS Government "to inquire into the conduct of the war in the "Crimea, he should feel it his duty to-morrow to " transmit to the noble Icrd a full explanation "of bis conduct as animadverted upon in that " report." There is no objection to this step, as far as it goes, but what is the court of inquiry to which he appeals? Clearly the military authorities, who, with this report before therm-for they had it in Jllly last-have heaped honours on the officers accused, do not constitute a tribunal in which the country will have confidence. Lord L&re, for his part,has written a letter to the SXoXTAnRY of STATE, in which he contradicts " in a most positive man" ner every part of the report." In other words, he pleads " not guilty" to the charge against him: but where is the judge ? where are the jury t Surely the bare denial of Lord LIJCA is no answer to the solemn report of Sir JonN 3MNamn and Colonel TuLocx, resting as it does npon the testimony of -witnesses whose names are given, and whose evidence is printed? Lord PA&%r3x rose after the two offleers accused in the character of the " arvcato del diavolo '-he was sure, for his part, that the Commissioners had not the slightest intention of attacking tho character of the noble Earls; and, on the whole, he wa-s for treating the popular clamour with suitable contempt. Lord DERBY, who followed, with characteristic boldness harped upon the theme, " Are the two Lords " accused to have an opportunity offered to them "for maldng a public defence ?" By all means. They are most fully entitled to a patient and careful hearing, and, if they can succeed in setting aside the evidence of the witnesses against them, to a full and decisive acquittaL For their own sakes, if they hold themselves free from blamte, they wiU urge forward such aa measure, and they will without doubt meet with every facility for carrying their puirpose into effect. The conclusion of the discussion was simply puerile. The decorations and honours which have been bestowed upon the Earls of LUCAS and CARDIGAN- have, we are told, been given to therm, not for their success-not for their qualifications as LGenerals,-but for personal bravery in face of the enemy. Were these noble lords private dragoons, and had they been rewarded with a shilling a day of extra pay, this would be well enough, but from Generals other and very different qualities are required than mere personal courage. Even so,without meaning to cast the shadow of an imputation upon the gallantry of the Earl of LucAN, we know not that in the Crimea his heroism was put to the test. When the charge of the Heavy Brigade took place at Balaldava most rightly this General was not i seen flourishing his sabra in the van of his division. As far as the Earl of CAnDIaic is concerned in the famous charge of the Light Brigade, every man there present did his duty; nor, when the fatal order was once given, did Lord CAnDiGAN do anything more than any private soldier who rode over that bloody field. It is sufficient honour that he was one of that band of heroes. .There are no persons so profoundly interested in the due prosecution of the inquiry to which the Crimean Report must give rise as tne up-. holders of our present military system. If they make common cause with officers whose incapacity for military command has been proved they prejudge the case against themselves. Who can honestly assist hereafter in calling the nation to arms if our soldiers are always to be handed over to such incompetent guidance ? Our military chiefs and administrators have not only been in the wrong, but are resolved to persist in their error. Two officers high in command, between them, brought ab'out the destruction of the English cavalry in the East. They are selected as especial objects of their SovEREmci's favour. Another, as QuartermasterGeneral of the :British Army in the Crimea, brought that army to the verge of destruction-he is appointed to the office of Quartermaster-General of the British Army. Sir Jonm- A?Nsrr; and Colonel TuLocH may be safely left to describe the qualifications and performances of the gallant officer who is to act as his assistant. What the military system of England was before the Crimean campaign, such it will be again in six months' time; nay, it is the same already. Years must elapse ere we can replace the legions of veteran soldiers who died victims of the " system"-and the " system " remains in full force I Had such things occiurred umder the rule of the First NAProLEo, in'place of selecting the incapable officers for rewards, decorations, and promotion, he would have dismissed them from active employment altogether-they might have esteemed themselves fortunate if they escaped a yet fuller measure of speedy justice at the hands of their indignant master.
COURT CIBCUARX The Queen and Prince Albert left Windsor Casle at 4o'clock yesterdayafternoon, accompanied bythe Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, Prince Alfred, the Princesses Alice, Helena, and Louisa, Prince Arthur, and Prnnce Leopold. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness went to the Great Western Railway station, attendedby the Duchess of Wellington, Lady Caroline Barrington, Hon. Beatrice Byng, Hon. Mary Bulteel, Lord Dufferin, Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, MSajor-General the Hon. Charles Grey, General Sir Edward Bowater, General Bouverie, Captain Da Plat, tho Master of the Household, and Mr. Gibbs. A special train conveyed the Royal party to the Padding. ton terminus, whence they proceeded in seven of lHer BTaies§ty carriages, escorted by a party of the 3d Light Draggoons, to Backingham Palace, where the Qaeen and Prince arrived at five minutes before 5 o'clock, and were received by the Marquis of Breadalbane, the Duke of Wellington, Lord Ernest Brace, Lord George Lennox, and General Wylde. A deputation of members of Parliament, conssting of Lord Goderich, Mr. Ml3ner Gibson, Mr. Kuntz, hir Brotherton, BMr. Bright, and other members, had an inter. view with the Chancellor of the Exchequer yesterdayoon the subject of establishing facilities for the transfer of stock and the payment of dividends in towns where branches of the Bank of England exist. A deputation, consisting of the Marquis of Salisbury, Mir. Adderley, M.P., Mr. Monckton Milnes, MLP., Mr. Deedes, M.F., MIr. Berwick Baker, the Right Hon. SirJohn Paking. ton, the Rev. Sydney Turner, Lord Robert Cecil, M.P., Hon. H. G. Uiddell, 3r. Charles Ratcliff, Mr. Halswell, MIr. Camming Bruce, Mr. Maxwell, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Gent, Lord Charles Russell, Hon. R. Carleton, Rev. B. E. Brooke, and Sir Stafford lNorthcote, had an interview with Sir George Grey yesterday, at the Home-office, on the subject of obtaining increased Government assistance in support of reformatories for juvenile offenders. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council sat yesterday ir. the Council-chamber. An appeal, " Gherdacovich v. The Queen" (the "Nina"), part heard, was concluded. An - appeal from Bengal, "Bamundass Mooherjea v. Omes-hunder Rad," was commenced. Thes lords present were the Chancellor of the Duchy of Cornwall, the Dean of the Arches Court, Sir J. Patteson, Sir W. Maule, and Sir E. Regan. Despatches from the Governor of MWlta were received yesterday at the Colonial-office.
SECOND EDITION. THE TiAES OF-FICE, Tlmesday Mo, ing. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The foolowing is the letter of our Paris corre. spondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m.r- That portion of theFrench press which assumes to represent the democratic party has been always in favour of the war, and would see with regret the approach of its termination. It always scouted the idea that the war could long be limited to a certain spot; and its prediction that it would become general all over Europe was but the echo of its desires. The parties whose opinions it thus expresses careless for the protection of Turkey, or the limita- tion of the aggressive policy of Russia than they do' for the realization of their own designs; and thoze designs tend toa convulsion in continental Europe as affording the best if not the only chance of the establishment of the institutions of their predilection. They never believed that Austria would join the allies even to the extent she has done, and her adhesion diininishes for the present the chances of. revolutionary movements in Italy; and the pacific settlement of the Eastern question will be denounced as the sanction on the part of England andFrance of all the political crines committed during the present and past century. An active and continuous correspondence is said to be kept up be' tween certain ref*gees in England and some of the leaders of the Republican party here, in which their views on passing events, their fears as to the present, and their hopes of the future, are freely conm-uni7 cated. A private letter from Brussels gives the following views of the writer on the general question of the day:- "There is one word which seems to form the basis of future treaties, but which I cannot accept without misgiving and doubt. It is the neutralization of the Black Sea In the first place the word is not French. But what is meant by the neutralization or neutrality of a sea ? What signifies neutrality in time of peace, stipulated in a treaty of peace? Is it meant that so longas peace and the present conventions last no ship-of-war belonging to foreign Powers shall pass the Dardaneles ? It is the undoubted right of Turkey. It existed before the war. There is no necessity then to invent a word of a doubtful signification Besides, it is not neutrality. Will it be said that Turl4ey and Russia shall not introduce their ships of war in the Black Sea; and that Russia cannct build any ? Let such be stipulated without newly invented terms, and without circumlocution. But such is not neu. tralization. Moreover this stipulation is now puerile, since ourarmies have annihilated the fleets, the resources, and the military ports of Russia. By this fact they have secured the maritime preponderance of Turkey in the Black Sea for a longer period than any diplomatic stipula - tions generally last. Diplomacy comes too late. The work is done, and weeU done so far as that goes; but all that does not explain or justify the word neutralization. Can it be that our Diplomatists mean to repeat the grievous fault committed when the neuttrality of Belgimn was stipulated even in case of war ? " Let us see what will be the position of Europe with re spect to Russia. Turkey is saved from her since the noble defence of the Danube and the destruction of SebastopoL it is Germany that is not safe. Russia, in place of apply-. ing her resources to her navy, vill employ them in the maintenance of the numerous army which shecannotdisband without danger and without disorder. That army, amounting to 300,000 or 400,000 men in Poland, in the centre of Europe, will be free to choose its moment either to invade Prassia and Anstria, on whom she burns to wreak her vengeance, and who can present to her but little resistance, or to force both to lend her their armies to invade France. When war breaks out with Russia, which it must do before long, since her armies will, instead of being weakened, be stronger than before the war, the best defence for Europe will again be to menace the coasts of the Black Sea. In spite of the faulty direction given to affairs, and the shortbmings of the Gene. rals, it is there only we have been able to act, and our attacks in the Black Sea have imposed on Russia enorm-oa cacrifices. And is it after' such experience that we, our- selves, propose to renouns, r s-taosb means of action? ' Let our diploniatists reflet well. In amy futue war. Turkey will be the most important of our allies. To say that the Black Sea shaU be neutral is to pronounce the neutrality of Turkey; it is to deprive ourselves of her alliance, to renounce all attack on Russia on her southern frontier, precisely where she is most vulnerable. It is always absurd to stipulate neutralities by a treaty of peace and for cases of war; for in cases of war all treaties are brok-en. The example of Belgium shows that Powers of a secondary order declared neutral confine themselves so entirely to neutrality as to allow events to occur even though they themselves be the victims of them. Heroism and military ardour are no longer the dominant passions of our time, and each one seeks for pretexts to avoid mixing himself up with war, and to maintain an expectative attitude. Turkey will now be less menaced by Russia than she has been for a century past. The Western Powers make her too keenly feel their protection; a reaction in public opinion and policy in Turkey is much to be feared. All the efforts of diplomacy ought to be diectedto maintain and to draw closer the bonds which unite the allied Powers; ana it would be the height of impradence to neutralize Turkey by neutralizing the Black Sea, and thereby to deprive ourselves of the power of attacking Russia in that quarter." The Cou)r rier dle MarseiUe, of the 10th inst., puiblishes the following intelligence from the Crimea, dated 26th ult.:- "The news of the acceptance of the Austrian ulicnaftan was at last anuounced to the army on the 22d, and only became known at Kamieseh on the evening of that day. The delay in the reception of the despatch was occasioned by the rapture of the submarine telegraph. The news, con-' traTy to our expectation, produced very little sensation. It did not impart to the camp a greater degree of animation than usual, and exercised no influence on the interests of the Xamiesch merchants. This fact is accounted for by the general incredmlity withwhichthe re-establislunent of peace va~sreceived. 'Nobody,'saysourcorrespondent, 'evenbeliees in the conclusion of an armistice, for warlike prepamtions are proceeding with unabated activity. No reliance is placed in the sincerity of Russia.' ' Those gentlemen of St. Petersburg,' exclaimed one of our officers, 'Are making game of us withtheir conferences. Those,' pointing to the northern forts, which continued to fire upon Sebastopoe, 'are the pacific despatehes addressedto usbytheCzar.' TheRussiar. havenot interraptedthat cannonade sincethe 16th, and for some days Fort Constantine haspoured in a still greaternumber of its innocuous projectiles. Are we to infer from that in. creaseduproarthat tlLe Russiansknow nothing of what isgoir g on, or thatthey are glad of the opportunity to get rid of their ammunition? There isnothingechanged in the camp, where the greatest tranquillity prevails. It was lately uramoured, and to-day it is generallycredited, that a corps of army or 40,000 men, is to quitthe Crimea for a destination still kept secret. This corps willform a complete army, and the reginents composing it are said to be already named. At. tempts have been made to disturb the monotony of our camp life by fresh alerts, to which the reports of deserters have given rise, but most of these men adduce such bad reasons to justify their desertion that we are inclined to be. lieve that they are sent by the enenytospread alarm among the allies. We did not require those alerts to hold ourselves on the qui vies, and we consequently begin to pay little or no attention to the statements of those deserters. The last dock has not yet been blown up, in consequence of the difficultiec experienced by our miners. The weather is stil fine, and the sanitary condition of the troops, slightly affected by recent atmospheric variations, is satisfactory." The Pottrie publishes the. following telegraphic despatch "IAMBTRG, FEs. 10. "By an Order of the Day, dated the L1t inst., Prince Gortschakcoff, ex-Commander of the Russian forces in the Crimea, has been appointed Commander of the Central and Western Armies, and Imperial Lsieutenant in PoLand." The following report -has been presented to the Elnperor by M. Billanlt, Minister of the Interior :- "Sire-In the opinion of your Majesty, the right of in's tiative conferred on the Senate by Art. 30 of the Constitution is not a nominal and sterile prerogative as regards tbe welfare of tho country. As stated in a recent article of the afonicur, 'the Senate may suggest to your Government any great measure of public utility; it receives the peti' tious of citizens, examines the sitnation of the country, inquires into its wants, studies improvement3 in its organization, points out useful reforms, and proposes redz ameliorations.' But, in order to accomplish properly suck a high and delicate mission, an incessant investigation as to what is required for the moraisation and welfare of the. people, the interests of agriculture, the developments of abour and credit, the security and prosperity of France is necessary. The annual resolutions of the Councils-General maybe a valuable element in this task. In the limits dster mined by the law, these resolutions, adoptedbymen -hoare best acquainted with the local iterest.,embrace all questions which concern those interests, and givo for each department the opinions of its representatives on the situation and wants of the different public services. The collention irto a volume of those documents, and the annual publication of them at the expense of the Ministry of the Interior, had been suspended for some years, but I ordered the resumption of this undertaking. The anilysis of the resolutions of the Councils-General in their sessions of 1852, 1853, and 1854, is already printed-that of 1851 in the press-and that of. 1855 is being actively prepared. These volumes are dishi6uted to all the great bodies of the State, but perhaps your Majesty will think it right that they shall he more particulrly brought under the attention of the Senate. The senators will find in them for each department a faithful account of its wants, its desires, and its demands. The collect.o of these resolutions cannot fail to offer to their wisdom the most useful indications in the search for those measures of amelioration and of practical progress which the constant solicitude of your Majesty imposes on all branches of your Government, but which has been more particularly confided, t) the initiative of the Senate by the Constitution. I am, &c." The Emperor has approved of the recormnendations of this report. Youwill see from the foregoing that the Emperor is determined on not allowing the Senators to hide their light under a busheL Here is work cut out for them. They are to be left no breathing time, and even while employed in the painful elaboration of the address of congratulation on the event expected somewhere about the middle of MIarch, their attention is called to the study of a volume compiled for their special use, like the Delphin classics u, sulm SenatorurnO The study of this new Digest will doubtless be useful, if the mature truants can be got to work, but it is not stated what test of excellence will be established in this pursuit of I knowledge under difliculties." Will there be a public examination; and, if so, will the Emperor, his-Minister, or the President of the Senate be the principal examiner ? Or will3f. Troplong himself enjoy no immunities, but be subjected, like the rest, to the ordeal ? Will rewards ba adjudged for good answering, or penalties be inflicted on the " plucked?" Will the marks of approval be graduated from optibnes to accessits ? Will medals be awarded for excellence, and exclusion pro- nounced for negligence or incapacity in explaining the i text of these departmental reports ? WilU an essay be read, or a complimentaiy oration be addressed, a la Diafoisus, to the Imperial and Ministerial eox aminer, thus:-" "Messieurs,-No plus, ne moins que la Statue de Memnon rendait un son harmonieux lorsqu'elle venait a- tre eclairde de rayons du soleil, &c."-(See Mdoiere.) On these important points nothing positive is known. It is to be hoped that a future number of the MoeitekUr will give a detailed programme of this new Cours cd'I2itiative, founded for the benefit of the Senators. The Moniteur publishes another long list of persons who have received permission to accept and wear decorations granted by foreign Sovereigns._ Among them are --M. Mimerel, Senator, and M. Schneider, Vice-President of the Legislative Body, the decoration of Commander in the order of Leopold of Belgium-the latter also the' order of Nichami Iftikhar of Turkey; Rear-Admiral Laguerre, Commanderof St. Gregory the Great of the Papal States; M. Rouher, Minister of Agriculture, Commerce,andPubliecWorks,GrandCrossoftheCromn of Oak of the Netherlands ; General de Tartas, Commander of Saint Benedict of Aviz of Portugal; D. Billault, Minister of the Interior, Sernator, Grand Cross of Saint Maurice and Lazarus of Sardinia; M. Crosnier, deputy in the Legislative Body, Cornmander of Ernest of Saue Coburg-Gotha; General Larchey and Rear-Admiral Jehenne, the Order of Medjidi6 (second and third class respectively) of Turkey ; and M. Gossart,master of a coasting smack, a gold medal from the Queen of England. The following private telegraphic despatches have *been recejied -- " TRIESTE, FMa. 10. Accounts from Alexandria of the 5th announce that an insurrection, which appears of a serious character, has broken out at Damantour, near Cairo, among the Bedouins, on account of some late enrolments in the militia. Troops have been sent to suppress the movement." {C BERLIN, EBa. 10. "1M. de Branow leaves on Tuesday. Count Orloff has not yet left St. Petersburg. " The commission of the Frankfort Diet has deliberated on the Austrian proposition; it recommends to adhere to the preliminary bases, and to make reserves on the propositions which will be presented on the explanation of the fifth point." The Mb¶norial des Piyresies states that Queen Isabella has namned General Bosquet Grandeo of Spain of the first elass. On Saturday afternoon, as four officers of the Zouaves and Chasseurs of the Guard were walking on the banks of the lake in theBois deBoulogne, the Emperor passed on horseback, aecompanied by CGeneral Canrobert. His Majesty had only gone a few steps when he sent back the General to compliIment the officers in the name of His Majesty, and to inquire their names. As the conversation between them and the General lasted some little time, the Emperor turned back also, and saluting the officers, who were much gratified by such an honour, His Majesty then invited them to dine at the Tuileries this day. General Lebceuf, commanding the artillery of the 1st corps of the army of the East, has been nominated to the command of the artillery of the Imperil GuardL The X'or,-mandie states that the nurse of the Imperial infant, whose birth is shortly expected, has been chosen in the arrondissement of Pont Audemer (Euro). "It is to be remarked," adds that journal, "' that Baron Dubois,the aceoucheur of the Empress, belongs to that department, possessing an estate at Courteilles, in the canton of Verneuil, which he visits every year." The Emperor yesterday received AL Pahud, Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies, and nL Conrad, chiei engineer iii the serviee of the King of the Netherlands, President of the Commission for ctitting through the Isthmus of Suez. They had the honour to be presented to His Majest by ]L Lightenvelt, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary -of the King of the Netherlands. The retail trade of Paris continues calm. The shopkeepers in the meantime are preparing for spring; but, deriving no assistance from the Bank of France, which still maintains its restrictions, they are obliged to pay for their goods in ash. Commercial aecounts from the maritime ports are satisfactory. Speculators are aggain begining to purchase raw materials and colonial productions, and considerable activity prevails at -avre, iantes, Bordeaux, and Marseilles. The intelligence from the industrial districts states that they have been of late visited by numerous French and foreign commission agents. . The declinie in the price of corn made aIlditional progress during the week. In Paris, however, the downward movement appeared to be checked during the last two days. The first sorts of flour were offered at 92f. per sack of 157 Idloganmes. The Burgundy and Lorraine articlIe'as called for at 90f., and held by the farmers at 91f. The bakers, however, whose supply was exhausted, being obliged to renew it, rates became firmer. The stock inthehalle on Saturday, amounted to 35,660 mnetrical quintals. Wheat also declined. The fall is general throughout the south and west of France. In the north and east it has ceased for the present, those departments having forwarded large quantities of giain to Paris, to take advantage of the high prices of the last month. 'On the whole, flour has lost from 15f. to 16f. per sack since the frst mention of peace, and wheat betwreen 6!. and 7f. per hecto. litre and a half. Lent having considerably les. sened the consumption of meat, a fall took placa in the price of cattle at the last markets of Poissy and Sceaux. There is no change in the wine trade at Bercy. Merchants keep up the prices, notwithstanding the tendency to decline which maiiifested itself in Burgundy and other wine countries, where the growers are beginning to abate their pfetensions. The vines so far present a favourable appearance. Brandyisstill declining. TheMontpeDieris offered in Paris at 165f. per hectolitre, and spirits from beet at 105f. At Bordeaux the former has fallen to 15Sf., and the latter to 112.f The Three er Cents. closed today at 72f. 9ac. for the end of te month; the Four-and-a-f per Cents. at 96f. 70c.; and the New Loan at 73f. 70c.- Orleans Railway shares, 1,250L; Great Nortlern, 942f. 50c.; Strasburg, 95af.; new lhares, 810f; Parix and Lyon.I,230f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,375-.; Westerr. of France, 847f 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 735£.; Great Central of France, 632f. 50c. ; Lyons and Geneva, 736f. 25c.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,560f.; Austrian Railways, 868f. 75c. Cours AuVhentfiqa.-P"rs, Feb. IL-Cash Pzices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 95!. 75c. 96f.; ditto first Loan of 1855 (70 per cent. paid), 96! ; ditto second Loan of 1855 (40 per cent. paid), 97.; ditto Certificates (40 prcent. pid), 97!.; Three per Cents., 72!. lOc 20c. 30c 4. 45z.50c. . ditto first Loan of 1855 (70Mer cent. paid), 72£ 10c. 72.; ditto second Loan of 855 (40 per cent, paid), 73f. 73f. 10c. 30c. 20c.; ditto Cert ficates (40 per cent. d), 73f. 73£ 10c. 30c. 20c.; BanAcn a tions, 3,490t. 3.492f. .3,97f. 50c. 3,495f. 3,490E.; Crezit Foncier, 645f. 640f. 635f. 630f. 6321. 50c.; ditto Obligations of 500f. Four perCents.,440!.; dittoThreeperCents,, 375!. 880f.; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 95f. ; ditto Three per Cents., 92f. 50c.; Prom. Obligations of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 930f.; Credit Robilier, 1,550f. 1,557f. 50c. 1,560f. Discount Bank, 650. 652f. 50c. 650f. * Piedmontese Five per Cents., 891.; ditto Tbree per Ctents., 58f.- Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 97; llomans, 871; Spnsh Dleferred Converted, 24; ditto Lateriorflebt, 38. Exclmuge won LXondon, at sig ht, money, 25f. 30c.; three months, money, A1USTRIA. (EmOx OUR OWN ConnEsPo2-DENr.) VIENNA, Fra. 8. Yesterday, at £ in the evening, M. de Bourqueney, who, during the two precedii g days, had several times conferred with Count Buol, left Vienna for Paris. Count Buol starts for the French capital on Tuesday, the 12th, and purposes passing a day with some members of his family who reside at Mannheim, in the Grand Duchy of Baden. The members of the Austrian Minister's suite are-Baron Meysenbug, Mi. de Kletzl, M. de Werner (a nephew of the UInder-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs), and Count Kalman Szechenyi. As you were led to expect would be the case, Count Bechberg, as the representative of Austria, yesterday invited the Bund to give its adhesion to the conditions which formthe basis of the approaching negotiations for peace. Being feeble and dastardly, the German Diet is fond of evasion and subterfuge, and therefore, instead of entering at once into the proposal of the representative of Austria, it referred it tothe political and mnilitary committees of the Bund. As has already been stated there islittleornochance of AustriaandPrussia going hand and hand inthe Eastern question, but it is evident that the Berlin Cabinet has some object which it is particularly desirous to attain, for Colonel Manteuffel, whose mission isto the Sovereign, has recently been a daily visitor at the ForeignOffice. Perfectly authentic information relativetotheactualstate of things in Russia is of such great importance at the present moment that it may be well here to state that Russia is far more exhausted by the prodigious exertions which she has made during the last two years than is generaly supposed. The person from whom the information was received expressly stated, "that if Russia had risked a third eampaign, her internal weakness would have become so evident, that the allies would certainly have made very dilferent conditions of peace." The Hungarian revolution is a subject which, out of Auastria, is already almost forgotten, but it is necessary to say a few words on the subject, as a wilful attempt is now being made by an Austrin writer, Ont thePreseit Condition of Hutngary, to mislead posterity. The Vienna publicist says:- "In the year 1848 the non-possessing or dependent classes obtained by violence a positive victory over their opponents. The abolition of the droits de corv7c was a defeat of the possessing classes, and such an attack on their rights -as quickly followed by internal dissolution. There was but one way to restore order, and it was to constitute a Govenmnent sufficiently powerful to demiand what the lower classes were entitled to, and to reject any claims vwhich they might mnake to mnore than their rights. The first and in. evitable consequence of the suppression of the revolution in Hiungary was, that the central executive power was placed in its proper position," &c. Now the troubles in Hungary duringthe years 1848 and 1849 were not brought about by any misunderstanding between the possessing and nonpossessing classes, for theHungarianGovernmenthad already satisfactorily settled the questions of abolition of villenage and soccage and the payment of taxes by the nobility long before there was any open quarrel between the Central Power and the Hun,garian authorities. The offence committed by the Hungarian Cabinet was that it attempted to make the countries then forming Hungary independent of Austria, but it is nonsense to say that the Hungarian was a social revolution. The great landed proprietors and the peasantry fought as one man against the Austrians, and had such not been the case, the revolution might easily have been suppressed without the assistance of the Russians. The whole thing is so fresh in the memory of every inhabitant of these realms that it is difficult to understand how the Vienna writer could venture to represent the Hungarian revolution asakindof " Jacquerie." Yesterday and to-day things have been very Sat on 'Change, and the public is at a loss to understand why such is the case, but the mystery has been thus explained to me by an extremely well informed financier. "The Finance Minister has issued a Ukase tothe effect that a reduction of 10,000,000tG must be made in the bill-portfolio of the Bank." It is natural that Baron Bruck should be desirous to improve the currency, but he is somewhat too much inclined to heroic measures, and forgets that he has to do with apatient of a singularlyfeeble constitution. Her MIajesty the Empress is so extremely popular that high and low sincerely hope that she may soon be the happy mother of an heiWto the throne, but the fact of her being ewseibte is communicated to the public by the Wiener Zeitzng in language which strongly reminds one of the Persian style of composition. ~Prince Callimachi, the newly appointed Turkish Minister at this Court, is expected to arrive here towards the end of the month, RUSSIA. (FmOat OUR Blhr- COnSrO.DNnnN.) BRER ,FE. 10. The Invalide has published in detail the report drawn up by Admiral Glasenapp as to the build and construction of the row gun-boats now in constraction in Russia; in the course of this description we are brought acquainted with the new weaponsj! that the RussLian have had made for the purpose of repelling boarding attacks. They are represented as coniisting of an iron lance, about seven feet long, and a mace of cast iron, the massive head of which resembles a pine apple, and lie it is beset with a number of obtuse but pointed projections. Each boat is provided with from 30 to 40 lances and from 15 to 20 maces, in the manage-, ment of which the Fins are said to possess great skill From this description these maces would appear to resemble the inorge7.terra, still in use with the watchmen in Sweden, and with one of which the Marquis of Waterford some 15 years back came inconveniently into close contact. : The Minister of War, Prince Dolgorouki, an- nounced the same day as Prince Paskitwih died, that the Emperor had ordered the olbsequies of the deceased to be observed with appropriate honours. These latter appear to have.been in conformity with The initentions of the late Emperor, almost the honoms due to a member of the ImperiallFamily, as, for instance, mourning to be worn for Bimnby,the whole army, and also a general mourning throug'houf Poland. On the 4th inst. the remains of the, deceased were conveyed from the saloon to the ohapel of the palace, on which occasion the clergy, the militals, and the civil em-PloyEs of the State were very numerous in their attendance. The coffin itsef was carried by the persons of highest rank then present, and the lid vw borne by officers of the Cossack regiment that had formed the Prince's body gaarj I in his lifetime. After the body had been placed in the chapel, the Archbishop of TVarsaw, Arseuius, performed a service for the dead. According.to ,the wirsh of the deceased, his mortal remains will be interred in the family vault in the village Ivanouka, which lies in the immediate neighbbur hood of the fortress of Ivangorod, and they Will be escorted thither by the entire Cossack 3regiment mnentioned above; previous to which, however, the body will be deposited *ith all pomp in the church of the Holy Trinity on the 8th imstant. The procession from 7the Palace to the Church will be divided into 10 separate divisions and proceed through a double Iine of military, and be accompanied by the booming- of artillery. On the part of the Prussian army, Colonel von Bosse, Captain von der Goltz, and Lieuteiant von Berken had arived in Warsaw for the purpoOe of being present at the ceremonies; on the paft of Austria, General von Parrot and a deputatioi of officers. The death of Prince Paskewitsch is stated to remove the last obstacle that stood in the way of introducing great changes into the admunistration of the kingdom of Poland; one chief feature of thisplan, on whichthepresant]Enperor is said to lay great stress is, that his favourite brother, licholas, should assume the post of Viceroy, from the duties and responsibilities of which, however, the young Grand Duke is said to draw back with diffidence and apprehension. A new law enacts that the serfs and servants of the Court in the Transcauckan provinces shall in fature pay a tax under the name of chinney-money, to an amount half as much again as the poll-tax that hitherto existed; this new regulation offers somewhat conclusive evidence, more particularly if takeninconnexion with the rescriptlately addressed to the nobles by the Minister of the lnterior, assuring them of the Emperor's intention of maintaining their rights intact, that the Government by no means contemplates any repeal of the existing institution of serfdom in Russia, -whatever may be the case in Poland. It is understood here (Berlin) that the Ipersonn.ce of the Russian Embassy in this capital is soon to be increased by the addition of a member well versec in the mechanical arts, whose office it shall be to make himself acquainted with every improvement in mechanism andc the useful arts as fast as it appears, and report' upon it to his Government. For some time past the endeavours of the Russian Government to improve the manufacturing arts at home have been made very evident here by the nurreous purchases of models that have beenz made from Prussian mechanicians; and one hears the very confident expectation expressed on mnany sides, that as soon as a peace is concluded this place will be very richly favoured with Russian orders for engines andmachinery; the mere signing of preliminaries has givenrise to a great number of preparatory inquiries, which are looked on as the sure forerunners of orders. The agents of cornt speculators in Riga and St. Petersburg have been very busy of late in Hamburg with their offers of grain for delivery in the spring at very low prices; but it is observed that they decline to agree to the conditions stipulated for by wouldbe buyers, viz. :-that should the blockade of the Russian harboiurs be renewed before the period of delivery comes round (and consequentlythe delivery be prevented), the contract is to become void aun InulL It is evident that the hope of the delivery being prevented by the act of the Emperor's enemies, form an ingredient in the calculation of the low price askfed. In Altona there was a fewc days back a veterinary surgeon attachedto the Emperor of Russla7s stables, of the name of Westphalea, who was commissioned to purchase in Hanover and Holstein 120 horses for the Emperor's stud. When complete, this stud, which has stations in every large town, so that the Emperor may always travel with his own horses, numbers 1,400, at present it contains no more than 900. Hlowever well off Russia may be for small serviceable hacks, it appears that there is a total want of fine horses for pleasure purposes. Count Alexei Feodorowitsch Orlow, who together with Baron Brunnow will represent Russia at the Paris Conferences, is not to be confounded with various other Count Orloffs who have figured in the modern history of RuBsia. Thls Count Alexis Orlow is a member of the Council of the Empire and a General of cavalry. It was he who commanded the Russian auxiliary force that wia sent to assist the Sultan in 1840 againt Mlehemet; Ali He is described as a an of quiet manners and moderate views, and to have disapproved of DIneschikofF's mission and style of execution. The following remark is attributed to him :-" Izlenschikow a demand6 beancoup pour avoir pea-; j'irai demadner peu pour avoir beaucoup." BRAZILS AND RIVER PLATE,; (BY ELECTP.tC TLEGiRIPH). SOUTHAMPTON, TuEs;DAY, 1L-..m. The Royal MIail Company's steam ship Avon4 Captain Revitt, has arrived in the river with the usual mionthly mails from Buenos Ayres, Monte Video, Rio de Janeiro, Pernambuco, Bahia, St. Vincent, Teneriffe, Madeira, and Lisbon. OEECTRIC TELEGRAPHIC DESPATJ ES. (rFiOa 0Ux OWar CORnaESPOYmNTrs.) SOUTHAMPTON, TuESDAY1o.Rn,_N. ArriveaL-Wonder, steaner, from Jersey. Sailecl-erman, steamer, for Bremen; Sylph, steamer. for London; Caledonia, for Sunderland; Despatch, steamer, for Jersey; Allixnee, steamer, for Eavre; Susanna, for Newport; Titania, for Cardiff; Le Coq, for Cherbourg. XIVBP0POOL, TursDAY Moa-imG. Wind S. AriveO.-JaMes White, from Bombay. Sailed.-Delta, for Iavre. (nBY SuB'SRINE ANn 3arRsR TELEGaAP9.) GRAVESEND, TVESDAY, 10.18 AM. Wind S.S.W., tide four hours' ebl, fine. Arrived, Feb. iL-Holywood, from Constantinople. Arrived, Feb. 12.-Polluu, from Hambur,g . DEAL, T DY, 9.40. -DAY, WVin S.S.W. ; moderate. -- Passeda-Sonora, from Calcutta, for London; Her NajeWs ship Ty5e, from Brazils, for thi river. Sailed.-4lallard (in tow), Caroni, and Moses, for LIondon; Challenge, Alma, Arethusa, Hulda, Ugrana, and Siren. outward bound. The Malad reports, Jan. 30, in lat. 42.39 IT., long. 27.1t W.:-A tremendous gale from the west carried swayforetopmast andjibboom, sails, &c. Feb. 5, a tremendous gale in la't. t6.2 1N., long. 16.52 W., ca-ried away mmyard. - 120 days' pasac. STOCK EXIHARGE. TUESDAY IfonNnG, n o'CLoox Consols forMoney ... ... ... 91 to 91E ConsolsforAotMt (Maohll) . 1. 91 to 91i
PBUSS-IA. (FROM OR O COPOND. BERzIN; FEB. 9. The telegraph has doubtless already informed you that Austria brought forwarcd her motion at the Diet in Frankfort last Thursday, and that in comformity with the routine of federal business there it was referred to a committee to report on it. It has been stated that it was referred to the " respective committees," by which doubtleas were meant the political committee and that for the Eaitern question, but I believe that on the present occasion it is only to the former that it has beenreferrzed From what I lave been able to learn here, the motion made by Ausria the day before yesterday is for the Bund to adopt the five points, as accepted by Russia, by rhich Iunderstand that the Bund shall declare them to contain the mininmumwithwhich it will besatisfied at the conclusion of a pee between the Western Powers and Russia, and,in the case of the latter rndering the peace conferences futile by tergiversation or shuffling, its willingnes to back Austlria in her attempts to procure their full and practical acceptance by Russia. I am not sufficiently well acquainted with the course of business 5n Erankfort to say how soon a resolution can be come to on this matter, but from what T hear here I am not led to expect that the representatives of the different Federal Powers will exert themselves to bring one about in the shortest posmble time, but rather the reverse. The mnmor States of Germany seem to be so carried away with the conviction that the appreaching conferences must lead to a satisfactory pacific result as to be not unwilling to adopt the Eve points already accepted by Russia, but they have made the price of their doing so their admission to be represented at the Paris conferences! This, however, Austria, who has hiherto more than once cajoled the Bund with tiis expectation, refuses on ths present occasion to guarantee, doubtless in consequence of the decided indisposition of the two Western Governments to admit any representative of that unwieldy and inert body to take partin the settlement of the terms of the peace ib has in no way. contributed to bring about; but, though Austria 'will not undertake that the Confederation shal be, represented by a spokesman of its own, she is very desirous that it should adopt the said "project of preliminaries," and empower herself to represent it at the conferences -and speak in its name. This is strictly in conformity with the light in #iiich Austria has always, for the purpose of enhanciug her own importance, represented herself to the allies as having Germany at her back, and the belief in which has constituted a large portion of the great mistakegs which our present Govermuent, inheriting the erroneous views of Lord Aberdeen on this subject, continues to commit in its attitude towards Germany. An instance of these erroneous views was the repulse of all -the advances Prussa made now two years back, and the resistance of all her efforts to act as an independent European Power. Our Cabinet has refused repeatedly to look upon Prussia as other than a seCond-rate German Power, unentitled to enter the community of the other European Powers, otherwise than with and through Austria; her exclusion from the European Areopagus Prussia has of course been obliged to submit to, and the nation has learnt to .acqUiesce in it gladly; but her subordination o Austria she has in each case since then uccssfnlly resisted, as the history of the various motions made by Austria at the Bund during the last two years shows irrefragably. The same successful resistance wi be exhibited on the present occasion; Prusssia wil, as I have so often had occasion to report to you, refuse entirely to adopt the project of preliminaries which she has had no share in discussing and drawing up, and sti'l more to adopt any obligations in connexion with them. In the .same way as she has abstained from any effort -to gain admission to the Conferences for herself she will not countenance or back the attempts of the Banbergers to thrust themselves in where they have no right, and the most favourable result to be -expected for the Austrian motion wfll be a sort of half-and-half compromise. Some of the papers speal; of a circular issued by this Government to its representatives at the various German and European Courts stating its views and intentions at the present ,conjuncture; the date is not tho 1lth but the 26th of Last month, and its contents, if correctlydescribedto mne, tally completely with what I have several times lately written to you on the same subject. Prussia has pleaded earnestly for peace in St. Petersburg for peace's sake, but she refuses to have anything to do with the Austrian proposals, because they come to her in the way they do, and she has had no part in their discussion. The current of public opinion in England is still too dead set against Prussia for it to be anything but a waste of time and space to show howv from the beginning Prussia has followred the only course that her own circumstances and the attitude of our Government towards her left open to her; but whenever peace is obtained it will be worth while to bestow some attention on the subject, for ihe policy pursued hitherto by our Government towards Prussia, which has all but driven her into a Russian alliace, will be equally injudicious and disadvantageous to European interests if pursued after the peace.
TO THE EDITOR OP THE TIMIEg. Sir,-Perceiving in your j:R of the 4th inst an adver'lisement from the Rev. George Fish and the Rev. W. D. Veitch, stating that they "have withdrawn all authority :from me to use their naames in anY mnanner to enable me to collect money for the Samaxitan Fand,", I be- permission to ;state, through your columns, that this is the first intima*tion I have had of such intention On their pact, or of the idesiru expressed by them that trustees should be appointed over the-fund abovenamed. Some kind friends mn this *country having written to the gentlemen in uestion, r- g,uesting an e-xplana-tion of the step they have t- (n, TItrue, tht tthe publicwillsusp~md their judgment unt,iltberesult .is known. I1 a.m,Sir. Tours. &c.. JACOR FSIT S1F.T.TT.Anv Depvty of the Samaritan Communit yablou5. Dlelfist, Feb. 9.
THE TURKISH CONTINGENT. (MOM A COOBBSPONDENT.) SETCHI,Jax 24. The ice having at length broken, on account of the prevalent strong southerly winds,.we are now enabled to con. tinue our landing of stores, and the transport fleet in the bay are obliged (much to their dissatisfaction) to have 2ecourse to their boats and lightern once more, after having amused themselves for the past month in discharging their cargoes daily on the ice. We aIl hail with delight this change in the weather, for between the various daily reports of an expected attack from the Russians in our rear and the channel frozen over to the Taman side in our front (almost sufficient to allow the crossing of an immense army), our situation has been anything but comfortable, and, with the exception of our transport skippers, who rejoice in anything like demurrage, especially in Government employ, everybody seems in high glee. We have received almost daily for the past mnonth accounts from Tartar spies that a large body of the Russian anny are intrenching themselves at Argin-the place where the 10th Hussars and Chasseurs d'Afrique had a skirmish with the Cossacks in September last. Prom this wa can draw two inferences-either that an attack is meditated on this place, or that, the navigation of the Sea of Azoff being now rendered impracticable by our ganboats, the Russians are availing themselves of the " tongue of Arabat" in forwarding their supplies into the Crimea. The latter suggestion is thought the rost probable, for since the binhurn affair the enemy will prepare themselves for the loss of Perekop, and, having determined to "make hay while the sun shines," are thus taking advantage of the inclemency of the season. In the meantime, should their object be am attack upon us, they will find that General Vivian has not been idle, and, with'the limited means at his disposal has rendered this place, in a military point of view, perfectly capable of resisting an attack of an army of 30,000 men. The only obstacle heretofore has been a want of siege guns to put into position, which deficiency has been in a measure attended to by the Commander-in-Chief before Sebastopol and the Seraskier at Constantinople, the latter having sent us somebeabutiful long 32-pounder brass pieces from the foundry at Tophane. The Turkish soldiers, as you are aware, have the reputation of being the most capable in the world at throwing up earthworks and digging intrenchments; and certainly in this instance they deserve a great deal of praise, for, under the able guidance of Major Stokes, the commanding engineer officer of the Contingent, they have completed works which might well be shown as examples to other nations. FortPaulisnowasecondhMalakhoff, and, should necessity oblige us to evacuate Kertch and fall back upon that place, we could well defy the whole Russian aTmy to effect a dislodgment. On the 6th inst. (the Russian Christmas) the Cossaclks paid us a visit, and approached in large numbers (supposed 5,000) to within four or five miles of this place. The alarm guns having been fired, every man was at his post with wonderful alacrity, the batteries of artillery taking up their respective positions in the town and on the Yenilale and Fort Paul roads. Her Majesty's gunboat Weser, although frozen in hard and fast in the ice, was prepared for action, being in a position to command the Yenikale-road, and by the elevation of her great guns to throw shot and shell far beyond the town in the direction of Arabat. Should the services of this vessel not have been required in either of these points, Lieutenant Ross had already volunteered to place himself and his crew under the General's orders, and work the batteries if required. The Land Transport Corp8 were on the alert and prepared to convey ammunition to the different magazines, and the Commissariat turned out a large force of Tartar labourers, armed with axes, hc., to prevent the firing of any of the Governmnent stores, which had been well filled with provibions previous to the setting in of the ice. Our cavalry having been ordered out, under the command of Major M'Donald, the Cossacks fell back, but in the evening returned and burnt the Spanish farm, about six miles distant, from which the Contingent hadoeen receiving large supplies of forage. The health of the Contingent has been excellent, and Brigadier Holmes, the Commandant at Kertch, with his ablo assistant, Dr. Gunn, leaves no means untried in regulating the sanitary condition of the town; in fact, everything has been done to guard against disease which might be brought on throughnegligence in notremovimg the filth which naturally collects in a place of this kind. With the exception of the land transport, which requires increasing, since %000 more men have been added to the Contingent force, every department is in thorough order; and the Commissariat at the present moment have four months' Provisions in advance, already landed and stored. No exertions have been spared on tho pst of conmisary-e"cral Adams to provide everything in his power for the comfort of the Contingent ; and, considering the late season of the year before it was determined where should be its field of operation, as well as the difficulty in making contracts, I consider the Commissariat has accomplished wonders. Two companies of the nst Regiment are in Kertch, and the remainder, under command of Colonel Ready, are at Yenikale. Part of a company of the Royal Artillery, under the acting command of Lieutenant Woolfe, are at Fort St. Paul These, with the 4th Regiment d'Infanterie de Marine, divisions of the Chasseurs d'Afrique and l0th Hussars, and about 16,000 of the Contingent, constitute the force under General Vivian's cosmuand, and who occupy the posts of Kertch, Yenikale, and Fort St. PauL At Yenikale I am inforued the men of the 71st Regiment have established a capital theatre, and perform one day each week before a well-filled house. With the exception of an occasional sotrCc at one another's barracks, I thinkr the Turlks are without amusement; but, being naturally a very steady race of men, they are contented with sitting by their own firesides nightly, and listening to the recital of Oriental tales. Tney all appear well contented with the discpline, &c., established by the English officers who command themn, and,their wants being amply supplied infood,pay, and clothing, they have no cause of complaint.
TEE MIURDER BY A CONVICT AT PO1rgSOUTM.- The inquest on the body of the late Assistant-Surgeon Hope, of the convict establishment at Portsmouth, who was murdered on Friday morning last, was resumed yesterday, on board the Stirling Castle hulk, by Mr. Swainson, the Adniralty coroner, when further testimony was adduced to show the vindictiveness of the prisoner towards -the deceased, and also towards Mr. Wiliiams, the chief warder, and Mr. Bowler, the sureon of the convict establishment, both of whom the prisoner expressed his regret at not hasing ".finished" also, as then, he said, ho should have' been happy. The Rev. J. . Walpole, chaplain of the establishment, deposed that the prisoner had told him he had resolved, on the night before the accomnlshmen of his premeditated purpose, that he would give Mr. Hope snother cbance for his life, alludinmgto his desire to be examined again by the deceased touching an alleged complaint which reqiiired thetreatmaent of cupping, and which deceased would not certify the necessity for doing. The prisoner, being thus disappointed in his object of being restored to the invalid deok, said to the chaplain. " I did it without a pang." A convict named Haynes, No. 71G, deposed to the aioe havng ada pstof a rao,set into a small woodenhadle, abot is eronfor soewes ntepretext of using it at wok m te akum-house The, prisoner interrupted this witness in his testimony, and stated to the 'ury that hehad had twio of these knives or razors in his possession, and, in fact, a third, and that he had been in the hulk about 10 months, and had never been searched once. The truth of this statement seerms to be doubtful, for it is the custom of the convict service to search all prisoners on leaving the oskum-house wrhenever they are employed therein. The prisoner was yesterday placed before the jusy, betwveen two w,arders, in the gaUlery of the chapel, and he asked several questions, imputing cruelty and oppression on the part of the deceased end other .offlcers towards him; hut the evidence did not support his accusations. He said " the razoP" could yet be produced, and it vwas on the lowver deck, and he hoped the juy wvould hear his statement of the treatmnent he had received, wihich wias the " case of his murdering (for he made no disgulise or equivocation about having done so) Mr. Hfope. Afiter hearing the evidence of Mr. ERealey, surgeon, of Gosport, wvho deposed to the death of the deceased havinlgbeen caused by the wound in the throat, wihich had penetrated to the spine and severed the jugular vein, the jury returned a verdict of " Wilful murder" against the prisoner Jones, who was removed to Winchester Gaol to await his triaL. The prisoner seemls rather a superior or intellectual, than a forbidding or ferocious looking man, and appeared as cool and collected throughout the wvhole proceedings as if he wrere at his comnmnonest avocathons. - Cx=ABI} USES Bm,-A bill of MIr. Atherton and Mr. Butt amends the lawr relating to the conveyance of lauds for charitable uses. It provides, after a preamble of enormous lenglth, that no past or future deed for charitable uses upon valua3ble consideration shall be void if enrolled in the Court of Chancery wi,thin six months from the date of the act. Nur ~past-deed- is to he void'bv reasoii of non-cor4pliance with the foi'malities in the 9th of GeosgeT-, chap. 6l; and-no futurze -deed is to he vo:.d by reason of snecified stipulations for the doior's bensefit or' (as to copyholds) for w. nt of deed indented. the act will not affect deedstalready avoided or pending suits. EOY,a, COLLEGE. OF SUEcsEONS.-The followin gentlemen, havingundergoone the necessary exausinations or the diploma were admitted members of the College at~ the meeting of the Court of Examiners on the 8th inat.- Messrs. John Burn, army; John Hunghes, Trowbridge,' Wiltshire; John Roche, Fermoy, County Cork; Wilhiam Chapman MSoss, D)ublin; LaneelotAndrevwes White, Royal Navy; Thomias AsRslin, army; WVilliam Day Walker, Bottesford, ILeices'orshire;'Josiah Boydell, - Whitehurch, Salop; John Atkinson, armny; Richard- lTurner, jun. Lewes, Sussex; Johm Waters, MRanchester; FrederickL Thomas Hisike; Deal; and William Harris Cox, Roebdale, Lancashire. At thc same meeting -of' the* ConTt Mesars Charles Geerge Wolf enilcn and Gtotoe Fredericks AugRusu Drew pasced their exaninuatiens for naval surgeons; these gentlemen had previonsly been admitted membera of the Colkgc, their fliuloiiias he.aring date respectivelyr the 7th of June and the Ve'th of Jwie, l&iQ.
PARLIAMENTARY BEPORTIArG. The gentlemen who report the debates in Parliament have for some time past experienced considerable difficulty and annoyance in discharging their duties, owing to the crowded state of the galleries assigned to them in the two houses. On Thursday night last, when Lord Lyndhurst brought forward his motion respectinglife peerages, the difficulty and inconvenience referred to were sensibly felt. Not only was the reporters' gallery itself overcrowded by persons not reporters, but even the staircase was blocked up, and consequently the reporters themselves had to undergoo a severe struggole every timne they entered the gallery to relieve their colleagues or retired from it to write out their notes. A similar scene of disorder and annoyance prevails irn the reporters' gallery of the House of Commons whenever any discussion of more than ordinary interest occurs. The evil has gradually grown up to its present aggravated form from the relaxation of the rule which up to a recent period prevailed, of admitting to the reporters' galleries none but reporters for. the London daily papers. At present many persons obtain admission on the pretence of reporting for various publications which really have no occasion for original reports, the morning jonrnaIs furnishing them with enough-and, unless their craving for debate be insatiable, much more than enough-for their purposes. As if, however, this. were not sufficient, it is now, we understand, pro-. posed to admit reporters for country papers to the galleries ! There can be no justification for this preposterous innovation. At present each of the electric telegraph companies has a staff of reporters in attendance, whoprepare an abstract of the debates, which is transmitted immediately to all country newspapers which choose to pay for it; and, if thisbe not sufficient, the country papers find the debates reported at greater length on the following day by ourselves and our contemporaries. To show the absurdity of the proposal to introduce reporters for country papers to the reporters' galleries, it is ony necessary to state that the number of these journals in Great Britain and Ireland is somewhere about 650. All have an equal right to be represented, and, if each should content itself with sending but one reporter, it is impossible to conjecture where the aggregate mass of note-takers could bestowed away, unless it should obtrude itgelf into the body of the Houses, and usurp the seats of their legitimate members. Those in authority must not imagine that after admitting reporters for one, two, or half-a-dozen country papers they can hold their hands and stay the deluge. Publc opinion would not tolerate such favouritism, and night after might publEc business would be delayed by discussions got up by the members on the cases of exiluded joualists. One of twro courses only can be taken-all country papers must be admitted, or none. Tlhe members of both Houses are deeply interested in this question, and it is for them to determine whether their debates shall continue to be reported as they have hitherto been by the London press, or whether they will forego that advantaga in order that the foolish vanity of a few provincial journals may be gratified. The reporters complain that they cannot satisfactorily carry on their business, independently of the threatened irruptiona from the provinces, and they wish admlission to the reporters' galleries to be confined exclusively to the representatives of the London daBily press and the telegraph companies. It can hardly be doubted that the authorities of both Houses will give effect to so reasonable a request.
MEDICAL BEF0RM. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Mr. Brady has written you a letter, complaining of an inaccuracy in my report of his observations in the House of Commons lst Friday, but has failed to point outany; his own version confirming, indeed, tho correctness of wlhit I vrote. It is trae that in my report I ointted Mr. Brady's expression of personal respect for certain gentlemen, for it di o perto me that that wvas a matter of any impertanceat ll n rferncoto the question under discussion - hut his statements that, on the sabiject of medical reform, medical men were united, while the medical corporate bodies were net and formed thle stumbling-block in the way of reform, were statements to the point, and they were reported. YOUP. RRPORTER.
CRSsTAL PATAcE.-The directors have elected Mlr. James Fergusson, F.R.A.S., &c.. to the office of general manager of the Crystal Palace. M1r. Fergusson is already well known to the public by his various works on the fine arts, and on architecture, fortification, and other practical subjects, as well as m connexion with the Assyrian Court in the Crystal Palace, which wvas erected from his designs and under his superintendence. The directors have made arrangements with the manager and the other principal officers of the comipany, by which their remuneration will in some degree depend for the future on the commercial success of the enterprise. Tim Smiowisums AN-D ThE GovERs-sriT.-The shipowners of the North are taking active measures to resist the Government in passing the bill brought into the House of Commons by Mr. Lowe, the Vice-President of the Board of Trade, for the abolition of local bhrdens upon shipping, the bill being in accordance with the recommendations of the Royal Commissioners appointed to inanire into harbour dues. The Shields shipowners' societies have met and adopted petitions to Parliament, and have appointed deputies to meet similar bodies from the outports and the manufacturing towns in London. The South Shields co] oration have also adopted a petition to a similar effect, anll have deputed the mayor. to proceed to London to support the deputies. The corporation of Newcastle, which receives 10,0001. a-year from the funds of the River Tyne, applied for town purposes, met on Wednesday, and appointed a committee to co-operate with other towns interested in maintaining those dues, which they consider to be 5'vested ri,hts." Mr. Alderman Lngleden read a letter from Mr. H. GM,iddell, the Conservative member for SouthNorthumberland, who in a large measure owes his seat to the abipowners of North Shields, who stated that he would do all in his power to oppose the Government measure, and asking for information. Ir. Headlam,P.,and the new member, Mr. G. RidUey, are pledged to support the corporation. At the samcn timc meetngs will be held in aJl the seaports to adopt petitions in favour of the Government measure, which has given great satisfaction to tohe shipowners. Crvi3 SERvxcE EsmTIMEs.-The suns of 80,0001. is required to be voted to make good the deficiencies of -last year's vote for defraying the expenditure of the Mint. for the army and navy medals. The sunm of 52,5001. was voted Last session, hut thc execss is required to make good the extra expense of presenting the medals to the troops of ourallis. FontxArrow oF PArJsHEs Bai.-The Mfarquis of. B3andford's new bill empowers the Ecdesiastical Commissioners to constitute new parishes (whether they contain a church or not), to modify the endowment according to the 6th and 7th of Victoria, chap. 37, to appropriate lands for, sites of churches, and to make other arrangements. The right to pews in the old parish church will lapse after the occupation of sittings in the new. Portions of pew rents, not exceeding one-fourth, may be accumulated' towards permanent endowments, and upon thapermanent endowment of any chapel a certain number of sittings will be declared free, or the scale of rents reduced. The scale of pew rents may be altered at any time, saving the rights of existng inmanbents, who, however, may "consent' to any new arrangenient affectine' their incomes. The incumbent will appoint the clerkand sexton, and receive the burial fees and the profits accruing from the sale of vaults. No grave must be dug within 20 feet of the church walls. The freeholds of churches and graveyardls will be vested in the incumbents. Districts may become new parishes on the application of the incumbent, his wardens, and two-thirds of the inhabitants (ad raoema). Patronage may be conferred upon parties permanently endowving churches with a sum of 1501., or building a church and endownvg it with 401. a-year, or endowving a- church with lOOl. a-year and buildinga parsonage. Such patronage may not be vended. When there are several contributors the patronage may be vested in trustees. Other arrangement of detail follow. - POr.rCE (COUNTES AND BorouiG) BiL.-A bil to render more effectual the police in counties and boroughs in Eugand and Walesihas been brought in by Sir G. Grey,v Lcr& Balmeratoi, and Mr. Massey. It empowers the court of quarter sessions to establish a sufficient police force for thewhole of a cum-ty, f whaensdch his notalreadybeenformed, or, otherwise, for the-residtieof the said county. -The Queenf may, by order in Coundil -requiire separate police districts. to be constituted in coumties, and, on representations fromn. boroughs; may arrange theterms -of their consolidation with eounties. Oaa certificate of the Secretary of State that an5 efficient-police farce has bceen established in any county orS' borougn, ont-fofrth of the charge for pay and cIothingsh A t be defrayed by the Treascury, but no payment is to be madetowards the expense of the police force of any borough the p opulation of whEich is under 5,000, not consolidated wiiththe county force. This act does not extend to the metropo-~ itaas district of police.' : *Counr OF CareiqC-s (I;D~) BsrZ .-TieGovernment-bill of 3r. floisman and the. Irish Attorneyand Solicitor General ptoposes to alter the constitution of' the Courtof Chancery in Ireland by appointing two or more. Vice-Chancellors with .salaries of 3,.500I. each), by abolishmng'theMaitir's-dffie, and by constituting a court of appeal,' to consist of the Lord Chance11or himself and another judge, to be hereafter appointed. The expense of procedure is also to be reduced by sundry news regulations.
l MOZE-MA -RK and ITYINTELLTGENCB. - . Mondy Evening. The English funds opened this mormng at a reaction of an eighth, but the market soon regained its tone, and has closed at a slight further advance. Consols for money were first quoted 910 to 4, and, after having improved to 91i, they closed at 91B for money and 911 to I for the 11th of March. No influence was exercised by any foreign newss; but there is a general tendency to confidence, which would apparently lead to greater animation, were it not for the pressure for money both in the StockExchange and the discount-market. Bank Stock leftoff at 212i to 214; Reduced, 911to J; New Three perCents., 92# to*; Long Annuities, 3j; Annuities, 1885, 16k-; India Stock, 223 to 226; Exchequer-bonds, 97i to 98; and India-bonds and Exchequer-bills, 7s. to 3s. discount. There was less activity in foreign securities, but prices wera sustained with firmness. Transactions took place in Turkish Six per Cents. at 93i for money and 93 and * for the account. In the Guaranteed Four per Cent. Stock the operations were at 100 and J. The general business comprised-Damish Three er Cents ,831; the Five per ents., 104 and 10 ; Granada Deferred, -; Portuguese Four per Cents., 47Z-; Russian Four-anda-Half per Cents., 93 and 92k; Sardinian Five per Cents., 89i; Spanish Three per Cents., for account, 42J, 4, and i; and Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 64. The corn-market was steady this morning, at the decline of Mondaylast. The closing quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 72f. SOc. for raoney and 72f. 95c. for the end of the month, showing an improvement of an eighth or a quarter per cent. At Amsterdam and Vienna the markets remain inactive. The reports of the manufacturing trade of the country for the past week show continued steadiness. At Manchester, although the markets have been without animation, the transactions have been on an average scale, and prices are fairly maintained. The Birmingham advices describe increasing firmness in the iron trade, and state that, although caution is exercised with respect to operations for America, the orders from that side indicate no ap-. prehension of political difficulties. In the general occupations of the place there has been good employment. Contracts for muskets and munitions of wfar continue to be made by the Government, without regard to the peace negotiations; and the demand for Australia is better than at any time since the late reaction. At Nottingham the extent of business has been satisfactory, although, as respects hosiery, the export has not been equal to the home demand. In the woollen districts there is a disposition to an increase of confidence, and the Irish linenmarkets give continued signs of healthy progress. The quotations of the continental rates of exchange to-day show great firmness, especially from Paris, where money continues in excessive demand. In the report just issued of the operations of the Bank of France for the year 1855 it is noticed that, notwithstanding the pressure of the times and the high rates of discount, the Bank have not made a single bad debt. The following table, partly compiled from a Parliamnentary paper, shows the estimate for the Postoffice packet service for the current year, ending the 31st of March, 1857, as compared with that for the preceding 12 months. There was a. decrease last yearof 57,58Th, exclusive of the deductions made from the Canard contract for the alternate passages oniitted by that company, and which have only just been resumed ; but on the present occasion no alteration is exhibited, except a. slight addition for a mail conveyance between Thurso and Stromness: At a meeting of the Peel River Land and Mineral Company, held to-day, Sir W. M. Farquhar presiding, the report, of which an abstract appeared in 27te Times of the 26th ult., was, after considerable discussion, adopted. Some complaints were expressed as to the confused nature of the accounts, and it was promised that the required alterations should in future be made. Although the undertakiin is not in a position to continue the payment of a dividend, it is considered that the outlay has been conducted with forethought, since the value of the property, stock, &c., is fully maintained, and exhibits a surplus over the amount of subscribed eapital after the payment of various heavy preliminary expenses. The proposal in the report to make a further outlay on squatting stations failed to meet approval, and the directors were advised to concentrate their attention upon the development of the district already under management. Of the j2,0001. capital in hand, 40,0001. has been adVanced to a railway company on proper security at 6 per cent., and 10,0001. is out on shortnotice at 5b per cent. Inthe course of the discussion an amendment was proposed for an adjournment, to re-arrange thefinancial statement, but was defeated by a large majority. The company havi not at presrnt been brought under lnim to limity, because the denomination of their shares isbelowthe stipulated amount; out, if lr. Lowe's new measure is brought into operation, advantagewill at onco be taken of its provitoions. The question of remuneration to the directors, which was to have been brought forward, was postponed. Although in the case recently alluded to between Mr. Engrelardt and certain underwriters at Lloyd's I et has been necessary to limit the discussion to the letters which have already appeared, Mr. Enge]hardt is entitled on personal grounds to claim the insertion of the following note . *'Sir,-I had hoped that out of my letter of the 31st nit., iu answer to o r. staa ont', you ould have found room to insert at least my explanation in reference to the claim for deficiency in eight, in order to dispel the eronv imtpression which might be produced by that gentleman's unfounded assertion. "<I showed that the only deficiency we claimed was about 4A per cent, on the damaged sugars (not 6w per cent., as erroneously assumed by our counsel), and that this loss was over and aeove, and entirely independent of, the usual loss on Bahia sugar in case, wlhich latter loss is already conprised and alloned for by the average staters in their cowhputation that gl arrobas are equal to 5X kiL gross. The underwriter, at any rate, ought to have known this andd it should have induced them to abatain from misrepresentations and from grounding thereon unmarranted inbinuftions. 'i also stated that our counsel gave up this part of our claimathis own discretion, and without myconsent or approvaL. '"F. ENGELHADT. "9, Billiter:square, Feb. 9." Th;e departures from the port of London for the Australian colonies during the past week have comprised only two vessela,-one for Sydney and onefor *Geelong,-with an aggregate capacity of 893 tons. The rates of freight exhibit little alteration. At the*Court of Hcinl;uptcyF totday judgmtent wvas :deferredon the certificate of Mir. D. I Lewis who *has been largely engaged in transactions connected with WVeistminter Imnpiovement bonds and, also with Mr. Thidson. The Spansish Financial Comnmision have advertised the auction of the foreign redeemable debt, for which purpose 1,600,000 reals have been assignedby the Government.
THz TXA TiA5D, Feb. 11.-The deliveries in LIndon, estmated for the week, were 1,294,1491b., being a decrease of 153,3531b. compared with the previous statement. The stock in Lndon on the 31st. nt, was 57,512,DD01b., against 52,507,0001b. at the corresponding period of last yeur. DAHo o9' Mfr. G. Armxwrtiar, M.P.-It is with greattegret'tIiat f'tercord the death of lIr. George Ark:vight, 1LP. for -L'eominster. Mr. Arkwright Was a consistent Conservatie in politics. The hon. gentleman expired at his residence in the Albany on Wednesday morn1 ipg last.-.D¢rbysh1drCourier.
I TBAILWAYA ND MININGS HARS. I M o n d a v~~~~~ona Evening. The railway-market has ehlilEiteAfirMness, and prices in some cases were rather higher towards the close. There was no great alteration in the shares of the Australian land and banking companies, but on the average they were well suppDrted. Canada Land left off 127 to 132; and Crystal Palace were fna11y quoted 24 to 1. Mining descriptions were I steady, with a moderate amount of business. Ban of Egypt shares were less rfim at the close, and left off at 21 to 31 premium. Pernambuco Railway were at I to # premium; Western Bank of London, 11 to 2 premium; National Discount Company, 11 to premium; and Alliance Bank, 1 to 1 premium. The shares of the General Screw Steam Company have advanced to 17X, and those of the North of Europe Steam have been done atpar, in the expectation of an improved dividend at the meeting on the 21st. ORDINARY SHAPES AND STOOKS.
THE SuRPLtS PmoM PATEN-TOFICE FEl!E,.-An effort is about to be made by the patentees of the country to rescue the large and increasing surplus accruing from the fees paid by them, after deducting the expenses of'the Patentoffice, from absorption into the general revenue of the country. The gross amount of these fees is now 95,00. pcer annum, and they ar;e estimated sia years hlence to reach 135,000W. The expenses of the Patent-office, as at p resent conducted, snake the dear surnlus for this ycar 60,00W., which in 1859 will rise to 100,00W. It is to prevent, if possible, the Treasury from acquixing a vested iterest in this surplus, and to secure its application to a great exteon of the Patent-ofdice, and to the promotion of scientific and practical discovery, that the patentees of the country and persons interested intheprogress of invention now come forwardL .A1tho~gh we have had a patent law in existence for several hundred years, and although the act of 1852 has done much to psce the w-orking of the Patent-office on a sound basis, neither the law itself nor the establishment charged with the administration of it can be considered credita%le to the nation. With the sanction of the commissioners, Mr. Woodcroft, the superintendent of specifications, has prepared a good and accurate series of indexes and other facilities of reference and consultation. He has also got together the nucleus of an industrial library, and has established a system of interchanges with tho patent-offices of foreign States. All the free libraries in the country receive copies of the publications issued from the Patent-office, and not only have all specifications bearing date previous to the act of 1S52 been printed, as well as those since, but the work of bringing out our entire patent records in classified order has been counenced. But, notvithstandig these and other improvements, much mora which it is highly important to accomplish remains to be effected, and patentees are naturally anxious to see the fund reaized from their fees arpplied to the promotion of the interests of invention, instea of beingso managedby the Treasury as to f9rm a considerable source of revenue available for theg'eneralpurposes of theState. The attentionof lihe council of the Society of Arts was recently directed to the subject by Sir Joseph Paxton, in a lettcr which he addressedto them as one of their vice-presidents. In his 'new the Patent-office of this country ought to be a national institution in the most comprehensive sense of the word, seeing that the fees, if strictly applied to the purpose, would enable it to become so. Such an mnstitution, -he said, vould become the truest and best endowment of inventive genius, always, and not without reason, complaining of the want of State enoouragenaszt. la consequence of Sir Joseph's representations, tho coulcil appointed a comnmittee of more than 60 memnbers of the,society distinguished as inventors, or as interested in the progress of the arts, to consider the subject. That body met on Friday last for tho first time and in the course of tho proceedings, in whichnot only Sir Joseph Paxton, but Lord Stardey, Mr. Cole, Mr. Charles May, Cr. Crampton, Mr. Chance, of Birmingham, aid otherg -entlemen interested iLthe industrial welfare of the country took part, the foUowinTresolutionswereunanimouslyagreedto :-"L That a-depSttation of patentees and others seek an early interview with the Prime Minister, in order to impress on him the importance of saving the suxplus reenue of -the Patent-office from absorption into the general public revenue. .2. That it ishighlydesirable to p lace the Patentoffice on a footingcorrespondent with the paramount industrial position of the country, and that steps be takedi to press upon the ommissioners of Patents, upon the Government, and the laegislature, the prcprseth- of having-thoe surplus appropriated to thst object." Several otherwseoln. tions of-a practical character, and directed to the s& nne ends, having" been catried, the proceedings of the commnittee tcrsniated with a. vote of thanks to Sir Joseph !velfgh lexertiou,i in thu ceiie and for presidip\ i . 16~~~~~~~~t
IBBflAND. ~-- I iu CHANCExV o - tno- rRx ourtv* I DUBLIN, Mo.mty i - Ilia i-ish SoIicitor-Generars bill for the abolition of,t'e Enoumbered Estates Court, and the transfexLenc of its functions to the antiquated tribinal of Cl:*ncery, has met with but a poor reception here; ar4&people are by no means s sanguine as the pro2:0tew of the measure of the benefits likely to accrae fscmi the new project of legislation. To let well a!wei at least for some time longer, seems to be the Eeneral feeling with regard to the bill. One of the wesfei,provincial joiinnals fairly remarks - l emotives os-he obn, member (Mr. Fitzgerad) who Las the carriage of the bill may be quite pure, and his only object may be to benefit the country; yet we are doubtful thaganytbing better than the present Enctubereda Estates *rozt could be instituted. Most proprietors have a- dread ef Chancex«, and, kCnowing as we do in the west of Ireland tbesiefits conferredon, the country by the Encumbered a Court, w think the Govemment should hesitate liefore making a change unlikely to afford satisfaction. The mornment should let wele enough' alone, else the progr6.of the country towards prosperity, which has been the eIlt of speedy sales of property, may be materiallyre- mhe Northeru Whig takes a shila-r view :- ,It is true, we suppose, not only of 'some kinds of nea,' but of some kinds of institutions also, that 'their virtues serve them but as enemies.' So it is, at least, with thiEncumbered Estates Court,-that most successful legal exriment of modern times, which has lifted Ireland outof the deadlock of pauperized landlordism. It is marked out for abolition, both by the present Solicitor-General for Ireland and by his successor expectant; and, if we have not zaisunderstood the sneeth of the former of these two leared gentlemen, his chief motive for pursuing that course is derived from the extraordinary services which the-doomed institution has rendered to the country, and-the great popularity it has acquired. The facts said arguments adduced by MLr. Fitzgerald do not tend, in our opinion, to establish the conclusion he has prtived at, that the businems of the Encumbered Estates Court should be transferred to the Court of Chancery, but rather to show that a tribunal which has hitherto worked so beneficially should be continued with enlarged powers. A.we are at present advised, Mr. Fitzgerald's bill appears to,usobjectionable, both in its principle and its details. We confest, with 2'he Times, that it is vwith no Ettle misgivinz we contemplate the threatened abolition of the Encumbered Estates Court. The opinion we have arrived at on this subIectis corroborated by the high authority of ex-Chancellor B1ackburie, who thinks that not only should the e.isting powrers of the Court be continued, but that it should furthermore be empowered to deal vwith estates not encumbered, and to sanction sales of them with a arhiamentary title. Ve, trust there will be no rash and over-hasty legislation upon a matter of such momnent .us importance to fre-
BRAITA Y INTELLIGENCE. NORTTT R A9TRIR It appears the dividends to be declared at the half-yearly meeting of this company, for the half-year ending the 31st of December last, will be as follows :-Rerwicks, at the rate of 4.A per cent, per anunin, with 5,0001. over; York and lGorth Midlands, at the rate of 3i per cent, per annurQ, Dividends v;ill be paid oa all the Leeds Northern preference shares, and a balance of .55,0001. is to be carried to the pe manent wany fund. STOCKTON AND DARLJGTON. The report of the directors of this company states that the traffic receipts for the half-year ending the 31st of December last amounted to 151,159!., and the expenditure to 84,3701. After the payment of interest on loans, 5 per cent. on the preference shares, and of the rentals of the '"rear Valley and Redcar lines, there remains a balance of net pro. fit equal to a continued dividend on the ordinary share capital at the rate of 9 per cent. per annuni,.which the board recommends should be paid at the usnal time. The directors referwith satisfaction to the efficient andhighlysatisfactory state of their rolling stock and permanent way. The embankment and substantial stonebridge across the Valleyof the Wear, constructed in place of the timber erections, are now completed, the cost having been defrayed to a great extent from revenue. The tunnel branch is expected to be opened during the ensuing sumimer, The expenditure on capital account during the half-year amounted to 5G,8S8t., which, added to the previous expenditure, gives total of 1,353,2.53!. The gross revenue for the correspondin- alfyearof 854amounted to 143,5411. ; for 1853, to 12h,7l1 and for S1852, 2to 102,3391., showing an imcrease of ;8,S20!., orabont49 percent, inthreeyears.TheBarnardCastle line will be ready for traffic earlyin the summer. The shares axuthoried by thae last act, amounting to 400,0001., have been accepted by the shareholders, with a trifling exception. The capital accont shows that 1,455,441!. hadbeen received and 1,853,253!. expended, leaving a balance of 102,188. The revenwe account for the half-year ending the 31st of December asnunted to 151,1591., and the expenses to 84,3701.; the inttnst on loans amounted to 9,5001., leaving X balance of 57,2S17., which, added to the balance of 26,452!. from the last .s.count, makes 83,7391. available for dividendand rentaLs. COPR ANID B1ANDON.T The report of the directors of this company states that there is a continued increase in the revenue of the company. The- traffic for the half-year ending the 31st of December last shows an increase of 1,0218!. over that of the correspnd igperiod of the previous year. The sum of 1,611t. bng available to the 31st of December last, the directors recommend that a diTidend at the rate of 5.1 per cent. per annum for thle half-year be declared on the prieference shares, leaving a small 1alance to be carried forward, upon the condition that the amount due to each shareholder be placed to his credit in respect of the deposit or calls to be made on the new preference shares. The award upn the contractor's claim has been made for 19,8741,, of which 2,000!. is to be retained by the company pending the arbitrators' decision upon a claim for penalties. The amount of the new capital inthorized and proposed tobe issued-namely, 30,000!., will, with the secarities «nband, coverthe liabilities of the company. The Public Works Loan Commissioners have consented to the repayment of the prinpal sum of 31,000!. by instalments, amounting to l,882. per annum, upto theyear 1871, at 4 per cent. The first annual instalment, together with all arrears of interest to this date, has been paid, and the agreement executed under the seal of the company. The expectation held out in the last report relative to transferring the manag£ement of the company's affairs into the hands of an Irish board has failed, some of the proposed director havingdeclinedto act,onthe groundof their having no pecunliary interest in the undertaking. The directors have no alternative than to continue the managenient of the company's affairs. The liabilities of the company being now reduced to 34,0001., the board strongly urge upon the shareholders the imperative necessity for their immediately taking up their proportion of the new capital, otherwise the property will be m danger of passing into the hands of the creditors within a short period. The capital account shows that 313,536!. had been received, and 31b,297t. expended, leaving a balance due to revenue account of 2,7611. The revenue account for the half year ending the 31st of December last shows that 6,348?. had been reCeived, and 3,0451. expended, leavingabalance of 3,303?., out .of which 2,2911. is deducted for interest on loans and debntures, leaving 1,0121. To this is added 2,082!. from the last account, maldng a total of 3,100!. to meet demands upon 'et revenue, OSWESTRY AND NEWTOW1. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on -Friday atWelshpool; Sir W. W. Wynne, IP., in the chair. - The SECR rTAY read the report, which stated that the preparations for letting the contract for the construction of the line were in active progress, and that as soon as the necessary contract, drawIngs, and plans were completed the contract would be let, and the works actively prosecuted. 'The directors v,were in expectation of being able to annex a staitement of the accounts. The Parliamentary and other expenses were referred to a committee of the board, who had -not yet been able to maLe their report. It was, therefore, proposed to adjourn the meeting to the 11th of April, when the directors hoped to be prepared with the accounts. The CHEArLmx, in moving the adoption of the report, said- they all regretted the retirement of Mr. W. 0. Gore from the hoard. With regard to the Parliamentary bills of tosts the directors felt it necessary to go through them care- ully, in order to see whether the charTges were fair or otherwise, andto act accordingly. The directorswere inexpectation of being able to commence the works- on the lst of 3farch, hut it now appeared that the contracts would not be -ready before the end of five or six weeks, so that they could not calculate on an earlier day than the 15th of April to commence the works. They proposed to adjourn the meet-meeting for the purpose of submitting the accounts, and to -extend the time for paying the call from the 1st of March to the middle of April. -Resolutions were passed adopting the report, re-electing 1fessrs. Pugh, Johnes, and Wilding the retiring directors; electg the Earl of Powls a director in the room of Mr. e. Gore, hP, w;ho resigned, and re-electing Mr. Bowen, the -retiring auditor.° The meeting ;vas then adjourued to the lth of April. RALMWAY SERVANTS. It appears from a return just published that on the 30th of June, 1855, the following persons were em-ployed on the railways of the united kingdom then :open for traffilc-vi., 204 secretaries and managers, 33 treasurers, 140 enginters, 356 superintendents, 13 store keepcrs, 181 accountants and cashiers, 823 inspectors er timekeepers, 2,183 masters of stations, 322 ticketcol-lectors 153 draughtamen, 7,732 clerks. 1,132 foremen, 53,157 enginedrivers, 3,488 deputy drivers or firemen, 3,2 anards or breaksmen, 21,247 artificers, 2,836 switchmen, 2,470 gatekeepers, 1,622 policemen, 14,493 poiters, 7,172 -platelayers, Z2,449 labourers, and 2,324 niisceilancous adjuncts. Ths makes a grand total of 97,952, against 90,409 en the 30th of June, 1854-vlz., 80,877 in England, 11,403 in Scotland, and 5,672 in Ireland. The length of ,line open for traffic was 8,116 miles, and the number of stations 2,7a8. The total number of persons employed on railroads not open, on the 30th of June, 1855, amounted tc 38,.546, the length of line in course of construction being £879 miles, and the total length authorized 4,481 Of these 38,546 perrons 104 were secretaries, 16 treasurers, 181 engi.neers, 2 38 superintendents, 83 storekeepers, 55 accouitants, ;31 inspectors, 1 idraughtamen, 110 clerks, 601 foremen, 216 powlicemen, 47 porters, 4,962 artificers, 31,370 labourers, and .171adjuncts o nospeal vocation. The total number of -ersons employed on all railways, open or not was, on the -si-d 30th of June last, L36,498, against 135,816 in 1854 and ef-t.hese 104,292 were employed in England, 17,388 in Scot. land, and 14,818 in Ireland. '- -PTRAFC RETURN;S. - afisays - ' P l s Mer- Tota ToW. pn. enges ebandise. Iti. IS56 Week endingFeb. g £ _4cc&n, Brighton, t South . Coat I.3..t .. !237 9.696 .. 163S
THE NORTH- WESTERIN"AND GREAT NORTHERN COMPETITION TO Tit V15)1it OF THE TIM . - Sir,A-About a fortnight ago a paragraph-apeed in The Timneto the effect that the London and orth-Westeir Midland, and Manchester, Sheffield, and IAncolnshi?e com- panies bad again begun reaming trains "at ruinously low. faresn in cornetitian with the. Great Northern, im consequence of this company having refused to ratify an agreement made by- tho managgers of all the companies for a renewal or extension of what is called the "Gladstone The,Great Northern board abstained from noticing the paragraph at the time, because they were unwiling to say Anything which might impede the negotiati6ns, or rather attemnpts at negotiation, thenmpending. : But, as those attempts have'now failed, and the competi-tion has begin on both sides,.there is-no further reason why the public and the shareholders of all the companies should notbe informed of the whole trath, of which the paragraph in question contains onlys small part: It is perfectly rrue that the general manager of this conspany met the managers of the other three at the end of last year, and agreed to certain mninutes or conditions as a basis for, a renewved treaty on the princple of the Gladstone awzard. But it is no less true that the other side (as I may call the North-Westeru triple confederacyfor shortness) know, and have known all along, that he had no authority whatever from this beard, or any member of it, to enter upon any such negotiation, and still less to assent Ito anyconditions on which negotiation should proceed. On the contrary, he had been distinctly told by me,- when he ask-ed if I had any objection to his meeting the other managers, that he was not to consider himself as having such authority; and he has repeatedly said that he always considered any minutes to which he might agree were to bC submitted to his own directors for confirmation. Whatever other boards may do, the Great Northern board is not in the habit of allowing its executive officers -to determine the principles or conditions on which its negotiations are to be conducted and its treaties made; and I believe that if tsecretaries and managers were less commonly allowcd to do so, the shareholders would suffer less from ambitious and ruinous projects, from disnutes and litigation, unparalleled for violence and extravagance in private life; and that railway companies would have incurred less odiam with the public for the many discreditable proceedings which an eminent lawyer now departed is well known to have said had already caused one company, and-those his own clients, " to stink in the nostrils of everybody." The stipulation iis-ted upon by the North-Western confederacy, as a condition precedent to all negotiations, is shortly this:-Thehondon and North-Western Compay have always been dreadfullyalarmed at anyprospectof the Great-NorthernComny getting access, directly or indirectly, to Manchester and the north-west, and by certain agreements, of which the effect is notorious, though the terms have always been studiously kept secret and withheld even from Parliamentary committees, they have consented to guarantee a certain income to the Manchester and Sheffield company as a bribe for excludingtheGreatNorthernfrom all access toManchesterfrom London (and rice vered), to which these two railways form a route only about five or six miles longer than the western route, for many persons will probably be surprised to hear that the difference against the Great Northern and Sheffield Ine to Manchester is only about one-fifth of the difference which exits imfavoerof theGreatNorthern between London andYork orDoncaster, one-fourthof the difference toLeeds, one-third to Sheffield, and not one-sixth of the difference to Peterborough, to all which places, besides many others in a similar con dition, the North-Western-cuI-Midland compete freely with us, and have been receiving no less than 25,001 a-year net income for doing nothing under the Gladstone award in respect of that competition, while they insist on a difference of five or six milesto Manchestergivingthem the right to exclude us for ever from that district. We have, however, no intention to engage in aMlanchester competition with them; but thisboard hasunanimously refused to adopt, as it has been required to do, the abovementioned secret agreements between the other companies, or to acknowledge the right of that confederacy to prevent this line from receiving any traffic from the west which other lnes, present or fature, may be willing to bring on to iAltough the Manchester and Sheffeld Company have basrgained aw7ay their natural right and interest in carrying the traffic of Mfanchester and that neighbourhood to and from London rid the Great Northern Railwfay and Retford, it does not followy that other lines may not be made for giving .Machester another access by the South-East, Suppose the North Staffordshire should determine to pay off the London and North-Western board for their repudiation of the amalgamation agreement in that way, is the Great Northernt to shut the door in their face at Nottingham and say, "We will receive none of your traffic, andwill do our best to defeatthe Cardwell Act if you attempttoforce it, because all that traffic ought to go by Birminigham or Rugbg"" TIle truth is all these agreements are attempts to dMteat the Cardwell Act (whether legal or illegal it is not for me to say), although I admit that this company is sometimes compelled to make them, because, otherwise, all the surrounding companies, north, east, and west, will combine together0agaist us to obstruct the traffic in every direetion. In short, we are compelled, in self-defence, to conspire against the public, because the public-that is, Parliament-seems dctermnmed to withhold all assistance from any railway company that is contenit to carry on the traffic of the public in the natural and straightforward way. To show that we have not been wanting in readiness to adopt any reasonable scheme for continuing or extending the arrangement mnade by Xr. Gladstone five years ago, and avoiding this absur competition, I must shortly state the different proposals that w e have' made to the other side, and all without effect. On the 18'h of December, 1855, after refusing to confirm the minutes of the four managers, the Great Northern board offered to submit to Mr. GLadstone the whole question of possible or future western traffic, 3 well as the existing Yorcshire traffic. This offer was declined boecause it did not include a confirmation of the managers' minutes. - . On the 8th of January, 1856, we offered to alter, by arrangement, the details of the former avard, so as to allow the Great Northern topay over to the other companies between 4,000!7. and 5,000t. p)er annum, instead of 25,6000!le annum, leaving the trafic,S as before, to go as the public liked to send it, or we offere d to ask MEr. Gladstone simply t'o revise his ow,n award by the clearing-house retuns, as he didin 1851. On the 22d of January, 1856, we offered to charge equal rates and fares to and from all places which could be reached by both parties-as the London and North-Western have at last agreed to do with the Great Western-at the suggestion of our manager, Mr. Seymour Clarke. All these offers -were rejected, and an immediate reduction of fares was threatened. On the 28th of January I wrote to Lord Chandos, Mr. Ellis, and Mr. Chapman, representing to them the rainous results to all persons of competition. if once commenced. My letter was not acknowledged by either of them, and on the 1st of February the fares on the London and North- Westerl and Mlidland route were materially reduced. Still I hoping to preser-e peace, I wroto on the 30th of January to say I would go up to town te see any deputation that w,Jold meet me. On the 7th and 8th inst. I met Lord i Chandosandothers in London. Aftermuch discussion, and1 as a last attempt, I offered to ask Mr. Gladstone to revise his former award, giving the other side the power to terminate it at very short notice whenever they should find that we were getting westem traffic not contemplated by the award. This offer was also declined, andw we parted; and on this day the Great Northern Company have commenced to run at reduced fares. Iord Chandos and his managers refused to entertain any of these, or any other pr=osal, or to enterupon any negotiation at all, unless we will submit to the condition before mentioned, which has been invariably rejected by this board and by every deputation from it which has miet the other side. And I repeat distinctly that whatever may have been said or written or agreed to by the General Manager of this company to the contrary effect, and whether he has said that he had or thought that he should get authority for the purpose from the board, it has been said, written, or agreed to without any utho i- whatever and shaU not be confirmed or adopted bybmue the shareholders of this company prefer his views to mine, they have only to say so at the ensuing meeting, and the result is perfectly simple; The public must by this time be fully aware that the object of those who begin these violent and absurd competitions is invariably and without exception a more extended and irresistible monopoly. What may be the result of it now I do not profess to foretell; but the shareholders of all the companies may as well be informed that the result of the similar competition in 1851 bas the award by which (inadequate as It was) MEr. Gladstone gave this company a larger share of the traffic of very nearly every place, and far more on the whole than we had offered to accept before. Isam, Sir, your most obedient servant. EDMUND DENISON. IJoncaster, Feb. IL
Awruu DATIm zqE WAToo-nBiDGE.-A aecident of a somewhat remarkable character, by which an unfortmiate man was literally cut to pieces and instantly killed, occurred on Saturday last in the river Thames, about midway between Waterloo and Blackfriars bridges. From the inquiries made it appears that a lighterman named Hosier, who resided near Vauxhall-bridge, was out with his barge on the river, and attached to his vessel was a small wherry, which he used to take him ashore when his barge was moored in the centre of the water. While navigyatmg his craft on Saturday, by some means which could not be ascertained, the smaller vessel got adrift, when the unfortunate man made an attempt to regain it by jumpin off his barge, but, instead of alighting, as he intended, imhis boat, hefell into the river, and just at that moment a sailing barge came alongside of the other vessel, and crushed the poor fellow so tightly as to break his collar bone, one of his arms, both thighs, and several ribs, and at the same time the anchor of the sailng barge, which was hanging over the stem, caught the man in the lower part of the abdomen- the sharp flukes of the anchor penetrated the fesh, an4 owing to the speed at which the barge was passing, the body of the man was ripped open, ang his bowels and heart completely exposed. A number of watermen and river constables at once put off in their boats, and the unfortunate sufferer was extricated before he bad fairly sunk. The mangled body was at once taken ashore, ba it is hardl necessary to state that life was quite extinct. - A NOV E, ia Tunx.-The Viseountees Stnt,-ford de Redeliffe gave a children's fancy dress ball on the 22d ult. at the residence of the British Embassy in Per-, The 200 little creatures present included little Turks, little Greeks, Albanians, Armenians, and Syrians of every race. AUl were in their richest costuines, chattering each in their own tongue, and dancing after thei own fashion. Anda there were the children of diplomatists, and of the Frank -tolony, dressed in every variety of pieturcsque costume, and speakdng among theineverylanguage-in Europe. At mid-night the gay little crowd were led an to their hom .some aross the'GobIdc IoraH to Sb others. vIs on the Bosphorus, and others to the!lsbyn ths of P *The evening thesn began for the rest of the brilliant societyi and danemig iras:k-ept up~ till.daybreak kilittle-after innn .roght -the baitqueting.roonsa was throw opCh,' where every delicacy was offered in profusion to the guests. Amnorg .b2e woxld in London,-.7t efsin
THE CORN TRADE. .MARK-T-ANE. IffoNDAY ArmvAnv. rm 11- - Th9 WArlsl l&as wee'k were altogether moderate. The ap3-orts consisted of 916 sacks of four, 437 quarters of Ilarley, 75 quarters of oats. The home -supply of wheat was only 3,66 quarters; the foreign, 4,338 quarters, nearly half from the Mediterranean. This mnorning contratedi with last Slouday, botbja respects the show of samples -And anxiety offarmers; there werebhut few of either. The condition, however, of the parcels offered was bad. Everythling in good order found a ready sale at fully las week's rates ; and there was a better inquiry for foreign, at extreme values. The quantity of country flour was 13,264 sacks, the foreign amounting to 2,I51 sac'ks. The top price of town. made rests at 67s. Norfolis brouight. zros. maore readily. Prices of American were somewhat improved. Of barley there were 5,045 quarters English,~ andi z570 foreign, with a fair additional show of samples since. The trade generally was slow, at a reduction of Is. to 2s. on all descriptions. M1alt must be quoted 2s. lower, wit'hout miuch bust. ness. The quantity of oats was 17,341 quarters, -of which 7,34 quaarters were fOreign, 5,83 quarters Irish, and the re. snabider English aud Scotch. There 'wts a somewhat ion. proved business over the previous Friday, sales being made with greater facility at Gd. to is. less than last Mfonday. Of beans there were 642 quart-ers English.grown, and 566 quarters. foreign. *Peas, entirely English, were but 56 quarters. Both beans and peas were again 2s. cheaper, without muc,h clearance, There being may add(itional samples this miorn. ing from the near counties In the absence of a supply of linseed, no further decline was notedl, cakes still fetching fair prices. The cloverseed trade does net begin briskly, though prices of all aorta were finn, as well as of trefoil; canary dull. Hempseed, rapeseed, and other kidnds as last quoted. CURERE PRICES OP ]BRITISH GRAIN AND 110UR IN MARK-ANE Wheat-Emes andKent,wbite, new.. .eca iet-to7 Ditto, red oew . .58 -70 -72 Norfolk. Lwincolahe, 8d Yorkhire red nw6- 67 --' 3arley- Maliang, new .29 -30 Chevalier ~~~34- 39 Grindin.320-23 Malt- Essex, Norfolt, and Suffolk . . 28290 - 7 Kingson, Ware, and t-own-made ..68 - 70 76 E0 a iee.d. 3-24, Scotch fee, new... 24- 29 Dtoold .. .29 -30 Potato. . 28 -29 Irish feed, white..20 -22 fine--24 Ditto,b1lack . 20 22 --23 BarIrow .. 35-40 Pigeon .. ~~~~~~~35 -42 Peas-. Whitebotless .. ~~~44 -47 Mraple. .. 34-36 Gre 34 -35 Piour- Town-ma per eck oiSOlb65 -67 Households, town.61 - 63 N Q Td uff;~, ~ jyq,49 -50 FOREIGN GRAIN. Wheat-Danta mixed Si o 54 high hillings per quarter. Posr,Mckb., and Uck-ernik. ,, 8 S-Si1 81 -58 Silesan,re.. 76 -78 white SI..808 T)n &Hlsei 67 -70 , 23 lmr,& Rigs 68 -70 fine 72 -74 Barvile-Grinding .. 27- 31 Diatiling ..., . 32- 35 Oats- Ttc,ewand roland's . . 26- 28 Dito .23 - 24 Danish and Swedish feed . 23- 23 Beanis- Fries-in daEd Holstein .. 7_-23 Konigsberg.37 -33 Peas- ,.. 34- 35 MiSm?ebodess. . . .... 4-347 lndian Corn-Nvhitee .. 6_-47 Yellow.38-340 36 -39 B1RITISH1 SEES. Cloverssed. red, pe cwt.76. -L3d Ditto, wste76- -8; T'refoil, Der ewt. *36 - 43 Tares,winter,.per busbel .. 16to80o Coriander,percwt. ..* 29 -52 Caraway, Dier cwt., new i Lsederqr., sowing4 Id.;e2hn IC,les, per ton.£'13 £24 0 llapeseedprrnw. 8 - go - Cake.perton.£~~~~~~~~~~~7 0X71io Cloeseed rd, FOREIGN SEEDS,L. French.~~~~~~~68 - 76 Ditto, white, Dutch.~~~~74 - 95 p ndrPETcwt- Dush 42 -46 Lise,per qr.-Raltio.69 - 'a Bombay .-3 , Coke, per ton . ., O 58-in Account ofGemasrived inLondoe'f" c1)ra, tFebruary9.
METROPOLITAN CATTLRWMAKE2, Feb. 1L The anival of catUe and Eheep -to-the sort of London from the continent duinng the past week has been moerate. The state of trade to-day is extremely hesay, and could sarcely bo woree. The mildness of the weather, combised with mnore or less full seples, -as the immediate cause of the fatness which prevailed tbroughout the day. Of beef there was a supply of nearly 4,2DO head, and a great many beasts made only 6d. per lb.; the top pricewas 6d., and many were left on band unsold. of mutton there was also a larger opply than' was required, and a very heavy ale was the result at a reduction of2d. perstone, and many Eheep were also turned out unsold. Veal and pork were a quiet sale at the rates quoted. Comparative Statement of rides, and Supply of Cattle at Market. - This dav. Moeda. reld,rA,-.1 1I1R'r
COAL-MARKET, Mon&y, FeZ. I1 qP~cs of coals per tOn at th cldM of the market.) Fates' west Ratley-, 16s~-Buddle'a weet Hiatley, 18s-Holywell, 17s.-!Qrth 1'rcy Hartley, 16a.-Wallker Prmoe 14a td.-Wyiam, i5Sa WalsB FiUd:-HIsreYWylam, Imscreened, 16a-Heaton, 15s-. Hedley, ie-Iaombton. lSs.-lus*Eearetton. li5a.9d.-South Hletton, 17s. 9a.-HrsghHa]], 1;XL 9d.-lelloeg T1s.-Teea, iSa. - bi ahpt market .. . . . , 153 Sold .. . . . . . . 5S Unsold *. . 45 GLASGow, Feb. 9.-Cotton.-During the past week the business in our cotton-market has been very limited, buyers nct operating to anything more than their immediate wants, unless at lower prices. Rates are a little irregular, but on the -whole holders are finm.' For goods and yarns the market is very firm, and the late advance in priceslly.maintained. Iron.-Snpply and;demand, the legitimate regulators of the value of, all articles, have again in pig iron asserted their sapremacy over spectlation which b~ad for some timae back supsirte&prices. A good deal of buinesishs sired during the last week aLt grdiillye &delinmng rates; Frem p6F prices have .fallen to 73s,, *at which n.n. warrants. were sold today for cash, and still to be had. N~o.1, 74s.; No. 3, 72s.; Gerteherrie, 77s.
JtUDICIAL COMMITTEE OF PRIVY COUNCIL. Thursday, Feb. 7. TIM CARGO ES FRANCLSMA. (Blfore Mr. PEMERTOV IZGH, Sr EDWAR RYAN, Sir O1}N PA-sox, Sir JOw DODSOI, and Sir WnrZI H. M7nLE.) TheFranciska took on board at Barcelona and Torre -Vechia, in Spain, a car-go of wine and salt, the property of subjects of the Queen. of Spain, and left bound to Elsinore for orders, whence she proceeded on an intended voyage to Memel or Riga, and was captured on the 2-2d of May off Lyserort, for a breach of the blockade of. Biga. The' ship was condemned in the Conrt of Admiralty and also the cargo on board. The vessel having since hee released by the reversal of the decree of the Court below Dr. A7DAnrs now applied for the reversal of the sentence condemning the cargo, to which Their Lordships assented. THE 13YiON. This also was an appeal from a decision of the HighCourt of Admiralty. The Danish schooner Union, with a quantity of bricks on board as ballast, and certain other articles, the property of subjects of the King of Denmark, left IlensiOrin the early part of May, 1854, bound to Rigs, if cotblockaded; but if blockaded, she was to go to Memel, and her return cargo was to bs sent overland to Memel for her. She was, howvever, captured off Lyseroot on tho-21st of Mlay, for an attempted breach of the blockade of Riea The learned judge of the Court below condemnned the ship and cargo. Dr. ADDAmts now prayed their Lordships to reverse the decree which had been made. There was no opposition on the part of the Crown, and Their Lordships granted the prayer. FIIDAY, FEB. S. (Before .Ur. PmnrIERToN LmoEG, Dr. LVSHInGTON, Sir EDWABD )YAs, aled Sir WILLIAII H. 1AUaM) THE LevXH LANK. This was originally an appeal from a decree of the Vice Admiralty Court at St. Helena, promoted by Messrs. Earrison and Co., of Liverpool, the owners of the schooner Leven Lank and the cargo laden therein, against Her Majesty the Queen, and the commander, officers, and crew of the sloop of war Ranger, by whom the schooner had been |seized on suspicon of being engaged in the slave trade. The I vemelwassentto St. Helena for adjudication, andwasthere condemnedL TheirLordships reversed the decree,with costs as contendedbytherespondents, butwithdamages as contended bythbe appellants. The case was referred to the registrar and e merchants to report the amount in the usual form. The ap- pellants sent in a claim between two and three years afterI for 20,408- Os. 5d. damages, which was reduced to 1,5937'. 9s. 10d. The admitted value of the vessel was 3,400?., the other items consisting of alleged consequential damages arising from the detention of vessels, loss by the deprecation of palm oil in the market at Liverpool, &c., and which, it was said, was oecasioned by the leven Lank, which was to act as a tender in conveying pdalm oildown the rivers in Africa, having been taken from her station. The appellants now objected to the report made by the registrar and mnerchants. anDr. Addamns and Mr. Rolt apeared for the appellants; the Queen's Advocate and Dr. Jenner for the respondents. Their LoRDsSrrs, without hearing counsel forthe respond, ents, affirmed the report, and said that, looking at the exorbitancy of the claim, and the large deduction which had been made, the appellants must pay the costs of the reference and also of this appeal. MoNDAY, FEB. 11. (Bcforc Mr. PsnBERTON LEIAH, Sir EDWARD RYAN, Sir JonN PA'rEsoN, Sir Jousx DODSON, alnd Sir WILnTr H. MAULE.) THE INfA. This likewise was an appeal from the High Court of Admiralty. TheAustrianbarkNinawasseizedatIpswich, by a Customs' officer of that port, on the 5th of June last, and proceeded naainst as prize, on the ground of her being the property ofRaussians, and was condemned as such on the 11th of August, the prayer of the claimant, her Austrian owner, for permission to bring in further proof of his I ownership of the bark, being rejected. I Dr. ADDAIS, on behalf of the appellant, said that ali w vhich was prayed in the court below was that it would admit further proof to be given, but the learned Judge had declined it for reasons from which he (Dr. Addams) must entirely dissent. The grounds of refusal were th fold:-Eirst, as to the claimant being an Austrian. The Court below supposed that he was resident at Odessa until November, 1854; but it appeared that he withdrew immediately onthe breaking out of the war. If, however, he had remained there until November, yet his national character was a matter for further proof. The second ground was that the claimant had asked for restitution of the ship as his sole property, whereas it appeared from the evidence that other persons were interested in her. That fact, however, would rnot pe se be abarto the introduction of further proof. If any mistake had been made in that respect there must be a fresh claim. The last ground was that there was no use in admitting further proof on that point, because it would be in direct contradiction to the ship's papers and to the evidence. He proposed, however, to show that the Nina had never been a Russian ship, although she once carried a Russian faDg, and that the translations of the ship's papers had not been accurately made; that-when the originals were carefully examined there was no reason why the ship should be condemned. The in-neutral conduct of the master had been referred to, and it bad been said that there was a suppression of papers and a concealment of colours. These assertions had been attempted to be supported by three documents in the cause, but he submitted that they led to no such inference, while there was the oath of tho master, the mate, and the seamen, denying the facts. The vessel was re,:alarly documented as an Austrian ship in November, 18,3, she had an Austrian crew, and was navigated by an Austrian master from that period until 1855. She had made a voyage to this country prior to the one on which she was seized, and had been permitted to leave it mnmolested. lord Stowell neverrefused further proof, except there was palpable fraud. To substantiate that position at was only necessary to refer to the " Bernou," the " Welwaart," and the "H oop", 1, C. Rob. He trusted their Lorcships would reverse the sentence of the Court below, and decree further proof. Dr. Twrss followed on the same side, and said this was not a question involving a mere matter of practice in the Prize Court, but whether, by affirming the iudg,ment, their Lordships would run the risk of preventing substantial justice being done in the case. Pratt's Stery Lid down the princples applicable to cases of further proof. The main qestions wmlch arose here were the national character of teclaimant and the title to the property in the ship. There was no reasonable ground for refusig further proof, unless it could be presumed that false papers or false evidence would be produced. As to the powerof amantodispossess himself of his commercialdomicile, it was only necessary to refer to the 'SVigilantia" 1, C. Rob. 1, and the " Ocean' 5, C. Rob. 90. If it was clearly proved that the claimant had acquired an Austrian domicile at the time of the seizure his title to restitution would be complete. The " Graff Bernstoff" 3, C. Rob. 109, showed what was the old practice with regard to,further proof on the question of ownership. There was nothing in the mode i which the Austrian passport had been obtained inconsistent with bona fides. After the ship procured Austrian papers she was always spoken of as an Austrian vessel. Further proof was an additional burden which the claimant took upon himself; it was furnished at his own expense ; and it was in the power of the Court, when it was produced, to say that the difficulties were not cleared up, and the vessel must be condemned. If their Lordships refused the prayer made, he submitted that they would take too unfavourable a view of the case. The Qu'S ADVOCAT^, on behalf of the seizsor, saidthat he could not see how the statement that no enemy hadan interest in this property, directly or indirectly, could be reconciled with the fact that Mr. Anatra, whe, according to the papers produced in the cause, had an interest in her, was a Russian by commercal domicile. The appellant had stated no technical reasons for the reversal of the judgment, but had alleged that he would p rove there was a necessity for it, if their lordships weuld admit further proof. The Court below had exercised its discretion on the admission of further proof, and theirLordships woulld not reverse the sentence unless there were special grounds for it, and which, he submitted, did not exist. It was stated that the Austrian owner ceased to have any connexion with Russia as soon as possible after the commencement of hostilities ; but the time was not even now set forth. It was laid down in Prat;'s Sto-y that further proof was not admissible where there was a fraudulent suppression or a spoliation of papers. In this case there had been a resistance of search and a suppression of papers. The "Rising Sun,"2, C. Rob. 106, was an authority on that subect. Forwhat honesty of purpose could the bill of sale hve been kept back, when the Austrian passportand other papers had been given up ? It was said that it was at the Austrian Consul's. Thatnnghtbeso; buthe contended thatit hadbeenwithheld. TPhere was prevarication on the part of the mate, which was also fatal to the admission of fulrther proef. Restitution of the vessel was claimed by Mr. Gherdacovich, vwho alleged thwathe was sole owner; but he now wanted to adduce evidence to show that such was not the case. If other persons were owners she could not be restored under the present claim. (The "r nst' Merck,"' 1, Spinks 100.) It appeared from various parts of the correspondence that several persons besides Mr.'Gherdacovich were owners. IHeprayed their lordships to aflirm the judgment of the Court below. * The ADSRALTY ADVOCATa followed on the same side. According to the opinion of Lord Stowell, as expressed in the " Jon Frederick," 5, C. Rob. 133, the bona .fdes of a transfer of domicile shortly before or on the breaking out of a war was a circumstance to be taken into consideration. Previously to the transfer of this vessel there had existed to all intents and pposes a Russian frm carrying on business at Odessa of whichbthepresent claimant was a member, and there was not a tittle of evidence to show that it had ever been dissolved. The proposition of law was that if a domicile was changed by a person who must be considered a belligerent, and who lad a share in a house of trade in a' belligerent county, and that change took place in conse- uence of war, it maustbe eiitire, bonadf:andcom lete. there was a sleeping partnership in that house, anl the ship was continued m her ancient trade, andthere were other suspcious 'ircumstancs, the Cout was bond, not only enot torestore te shsip, but to refuse further proof. They "~Jemm "4o,VC. Rladb 31, woas a 'case i.n point. The trade of the house of Odessa was. proved to .have been eotinued down. to "Augst 1855, t.nd to show that there 'might be a continuane' of ilonicile by trade it vwas only ncessarv to referto the "San .Jose Indiana," 2, Galliston, Ai R. 68. H further nroof ,were allowed, it would hold out aa inducement to fabricate vcdenee in direct eontradiction of thepapersanddocm ents sefore the Court. ' " ', :- 2 Dr. ADDASIS having been heard in repiy, Mfr. PEirnEvOy LIEGi, ina delivering 'the'ludgment of their tordahips, said' it appeared th'at the leained judge in th court below had fallen iato~ iittle ina. Cura asto the period at'which 'the clainiait quitted Odassa.nstead of Noveber 185, i 'wuld' appear',that it, took place6 soon gfter 3lidsu.mnmer that y `ar -Teir'Lirdt,s entirely coi 'eurred with the learned judge bioth w/ith respect'h othe facts and the law of the 'case, 'and'thou'ht'thax lie had exe' ' 7'd' very sound discretotio ian refnsin' further" prof ThveirIorri ships must.receomiaend Her 1'X4eslty to' afl the scntence cestsi - ,-,,, ;
APPEALS. HOUSE OF LORDS. Mo.NDA. Fam it Their-Lordshipa sat tlilm- imrnuing for tbefirst tune in the presenltseesson for the purpose of hearing appeal causes. The Feersin attendance wrethe Lord Chancellor, Lord Brougham, Lord Wynford, and Lord Abinger. LANE V. MORLOCK Mr. WVigran, with Mr. Wordsworth and another learned gentleman; appeared on behalf of the appellants; and upo. W. James, wth MIr. Cairns, represented the respondent. This wvas an appeal from a decree of the Court of Chancery, but the case had only been partly entered upon iwhen the Xouse adjourned the further heanng&
SAW REPORT. I- COURT OF CHANCERY. lmzcouN'si-sn. Fi. IL SHlTJBLIE V. STm SAMUEL BAYMOND JARVIS ASID- OTRERS. - (Before the LOrs JuIsTcEs eo AsPE3Al ,This was an appeal from a decision of Vice-Chancellor Stuart, who had made a decroe for the specific porfornnnce of an agreement for tho grant of a lease of Miller'svarm, at ChizwelL.In his bill Mr. George Shillibeer, of. the. Cityroad, stated, among many other things, that on the 25th of November, 1853, the agreemlent with a former tenan, Mxr. Lamb, of the farm wascancelled, andthenmntwasdirected to deliver possession to Mr. Shillibeer, and this was done at the oflce of Messrs. Amory, Travers and Smith, the agents for Sir Samuel Raymond Jarvis; and that immediatelyafterwards an agreement was signed for -a lease for 20 years and at a rent of 1001. a-year. It appred that, in point of fact, Sir S. R. Jarvis was only one-third owner of the farm, and the Vice-Chancellor decreed specific performance against that gentlemanand an-MIajor Macpherson, another part owner, directing that they should obtain the concurrence of the other part owners in the same manner as was done in the case of " Graham v. Oliver," reported in the 3d voL of MIr. ~Beavan's Reports. The decree also contained an sn3lmctlOn against nil the defendants, restraining ar, aetion of ejectment which had been brought aganst Mr. Shillibeer to recover possession of the farm. These defendants appealed from the whole decree. Mr. Malins and Mr. Henry Stevens supported the decree of the Vice-Chancellor; Mr. Craig and XMr. G. S. Laaw appeared for the appellant. The case is not yet concluded.
ROMIJ' COURT. CIAxCfmY-1Arn Fi£nT iL THE AWTATOiTN-aETrRRAT. V 'r1 VAVT. -T (. (Before th,e 1ASTER of thM RnIT iR The M3iSTk of the RoLLs gave judgment in this case, the facts of which are briedy as follows:-In the year 1687 the then Lord Craven, bewg4impressed 'with the sufferings of the poor of London and estrinster dunng the plague of 1665for want of a hospital into which they could be received, conveyed n piece of land, subsequently called tho Pest-house-field, and situate between where St. Martin'slane and Regent-street now stand, to trustees, in trust, out of the rents and profits, "to maintain and support the houses and buildings upon the field, and hold the same, so supported and maintained, for the relief, comfort, use, and convenience of the poor inhabitants of the parishes of St. Clement Danes, St. Martin-in-the-fields, St. James, Westminster, and St. Paul, Covent-&arden, as should- thereafter at any time happen to be vissted with the plague, as a pest-house or a place set apart for theirrelief, and for severmg them from the well and unaffected, for their use and relief during their sickness, and to and for no other use, intent, or purposewhatsoever." The piece of land in questionat the time of its conveyance was situate in what was then a remote suburb of London, but in course of years, as the town extended itself, became surrounded by houses, and up to the year 1732 had never been used for the purposes for 'which it was given, the plague not having visited this country. In consequence of the land being surrounded by houses,andprobably, fromitsvaluehaving ver much increased, the Lord Craven of that day obtained an act of Parliament, under which he exchanged a piece of land at Tyhuris, called Byard's Watering-place, and another piecee of land " in the common field of Wetbourne, in the parish of Paddington," for the Pest-house-field. These pieces of land up to the year 138 had never been nEed for the r poses for whicis the original piece of land had been given. and in that year they passed to the trustees of the real estate of the Craven family, and had subsequently been built upon, the rents and proceeds arising out of them being accounted for by such trustees as solely belonging to their cestuique trusts. It was nowv, howrever, contended that these pieces of land were, in fact, charitable property, and t-hat the proceeds arising from them ought to be devoted to charitable purposes, agreeably to the intention of the Earl of Craven who esecuted the deed of 1687. In answer to this contention the trustees of the Craven property insisted that the trust created in that deed -was a resulting trust to the heirs of the donor, which the longperiod thathad elapsed3justified them in claimingtheadvantageof; anud further argued that if the Court 'was not of this opinion the piece of lad in question ought to be exchanged for other land situate at a more remote disance fiom town. His Honour, however, held that the trust created by the deed of 1687 was an existent, and not a resulting trust, and that the proceeds of the propert ought to be applied solely for the charitable purposes for which it was ornginaUy conveyed, or for purposes as nearly assimilating to them as possible; that it would not be just to the poor of the parishes named by the original donor to remove the site of the hospitalto any greater distance from London than the land was at present situate; but that under existing circumstances, especially as the inhabitants of Craven-hill and Bsaywatermnight probably, and net unreasonably, object to a pest-house or hospital for " contag,ious and infectious diseases" being erected in the centre of their neighbourhood, the best plan would be to direct a reference to chambers, ar,d there settle a scheme, and endeavourT to ascertainin what way the beneficent intentions of the donor could be carried out. There were no imputations whatever upon any of the persons nedinthesuit, somuch so that the Cout felt justified in not saddlin6any of them with costs. The Solicitor-General, r. IT-B. Palmer, r. RoupeU, Mr. T. TerreUl, Mfr. Wickens, Mr. Selwyn, M^Ir. Giffard, and Mr. A3lnutt appeared in the case.
VICE-CHANCELLOBS' COURTS. 1?n. 1L HALL V. PAT. i(Bcfore Yice-Ch7ancelor Sir PR T. JnmERSLEY.) This motion occupied the whole day, and is still proceeding. (Before VYce-UClanccllor Sir J. STuArT.) BOSTOCK V. THE NORTH sTAflODDSESSX RAnwAy CoM- This case vas resumed. It came before the Court upon a motion for a decreo that the defendants, the North Staffordshire Railway Company, might be perpetually restrained by injunction, first from holding any regatta or other public amusements on the lake or reservoir called Rudyard Reservoir, situate in Rudyard Vale, near Leek, in the county of Stafford, and from using any steamboats, or other boats, or -vessels, upon such lake or reservoir for the prnpose of public amusements; secondly, from letting out boats for hire on the lake or reservoir; and thirdly, from using the lake or reservoir for any other purpose than that of supplying with water the 'rent and Mersey Canal, which was now vested in the defendants. By the 6th George IIL, chap. 96, a company was formed for the purpose of constructing the Trent and Mersey Canal, and tho land to be purchased by such com pany under the powers of the act incorporating it was to be vested in the company " to and for the use of the said navigation, but to or for no other use or purpose whatsoever." By an act passed in the 37th of George IlL the canal company were authorized to form a reservoir in Rudyard Vale for supplyig their canal with water, and it was thereby enacted that all persons should have the like estates, authorities, limitations, and restrictions mentioned in the prior act of Parliament, and that the provisions of the first act should extend to the using of the, works authorized to be made by the second of the above acts. The canal company accordingly took from the proprietors of the land in Rudyard-vale 180 acres, of which about 80 acres belonged to the predecessors in title of the plaintiff and they formed thereon Rudyard reservoir. In 1847 the defendants became the purchasers of the Trent and Mersey Canal and the reservoir, under the powers of an act of Parliament passed for that purpose. In the year 1851 the plaintiff was then, as she is now, owner in fee simple of a mansion-house, situate about 400 yards from the reservoir, and of land extending a considerable distance along the margin of the lae. She was then and is now also entitled to the exclusive tight of fishing over about SO acres of the lake,, being so much of it as covers the land taken from her predecessors in title for the purpose of constructing the reservoir. Prior to Easter 1851, the defendants advertised the celebration of a "grand f&te or regatta," on Rudyard reservoir on Easter Monday, 1851, to commence "with a grand salute from a parlk of artillery, under the direction of Bombardier King, of the Royal Artillery, Manchester;" and that a steamer would on that day ply for hire on the reservoir. The plaintiff's solicitor remonstrated with the defendants agaimst the regatta being held, but neverthelessittook place. The company having advertised that a second regatta would be held on the lake on WhIt-donday, 1851, the plaintiK in June, 151 institutedthe present suit against the North Staffordshire Railway Company. The motion for an injunction cane on JordiscussioninJuly,l8s when it was arranged that the motion should stand over, with liberty to the plaintiff to bring such action as she might be advised in respect of the acts complained of - by her. The plaintiff accordingly brouht an .action on the case for a nuisance against the defendants. The action was tried before Mr. Justice Wightman at Chester, but the jutry could not agree in their verdict, and a new trial was had before Lord Campbell at Westminster in February, 1852, when a verdict was returned for the plamtiZ with nominal damages.?_ The defendants having advertised another regatta fot_Wbit-Monday, 1852, the motion for an injunction was renewed,before the late ViceChancellor Sir James Parker, when. his 1onouur granted an injunction to restrain the holding of1 the then threatened regatta, and directed a case for the opmiion of the Court of Queen's Bench on two questions-first,: whether the defendants could lawfully let out boats for hire on the lake or reservoir; and, secondly, whether the compar could lawfully use the lake or reservoir forany other purpose than for supplying their canal with water 2 -A case ,had been stated for the opinion of the Courtiof nQueen's_Bench, and lord Camnpbell, Mr. Justice Coleridge, and Mr. Justice Wightman dedlier&d judgnent ag-ainstthe defendants, while the4judgment of Mr. Justice Erie -was in favour of the defendhnts. Theea;ie now canie on for heminrg,aslbeforo statea .:-- . :. 1- -t Mr. BACoN ana Mr. Snar, were hcard for Ehe plaintiff and Wr. Isr.m- Mt Gasovs (of The comimon law bar), and Mr. W. J. BoVrrfe6r th6d-deditsT- Tl T n-VICE-CHA&XsOR, Cats ti& conclusion of the argntientedf the defendante' counsel, said that ikis present inspression, byvwhich,-however, he did not'vish it to bo coDn sidered thait he shouldbo ultimatelY bound, accorded I withi the decision of the Court of Qiaeen's3eneb. Re wouldgive andgment in the-ease on Saturday n-orning; unles o l nlo;sly intinatedto r.BaconthatVheshould bupoifin for-areply,.: '9i-- . -1;z-i. . . -h~ (Be(Scft Vi&-eTidrsftaor Sir-W. P. oD.) -- - A '"DACitE V. STEAJC . '. - %. ¾ ' - r. COTTO* coDncldedhis irumeuts f6tthu d&jiidant' ifter which :Mr. Ihatr was hefar in replt * , - 'TljlieT-vinvtlLtbrreservcauujsjsitdgmentt -
COIRT OF COMMOIT LEAS, GUIDAI PzL. 1X12 t;tilutngs JV21nzLV trn tn oncon, afterf, erN, bef . aifTutc JER'rlg and Common Jurjcs.) ,. This was the first day of the London sittings. 'The aue 3ist contains an' entrli of 52 causes, -of which 14 are marked for special juries SALMON V. 3BARTLr.T. This vasan ation on an I C U for 75V., given asd et money on a contract to purchase some cottages, to vhi c- t.he defendant pleaded that he had been induced to give it by fraud and isesrepresentation. . ~ dfor the Mr. James, QC., and 31r. Hawkins aTpea2ea for the plaintiff; and Mr. Seijeant Byles andXBr. ~Prentieor tho defendant. The plaintiff, it appeared, is an auctioneer and estate agent, carrying on business in B3acklersbvyr in London, and the defendant is a retired gentleman's servant, living at a cottage and garden in Bexley, in Rent. Some timie mn the autumn of 1854 the defendant saw advertised-in the Wagy DhTpatch, "asX pretty little estate of six houses" of "a genteel character," situted at Mile-end, in " porfect repair," to be sold for 4OL, havmg a ren±lof 13t1, 6s, a- year, ata moderate groundrent, leaving a profit-Af 15 per cent. to the fortunate purchaser; appEcation to be made to Mr. Salmon. The defendant, thin'en the "pretty little estate" andthe "15 percent. justthethingsto suithin made an apptcation about them at Mr. Salmon's sute, and was told*o caline tdayattheArtichokelnn,and agerUteman would show him the honses;' Accordingly, nest day i went there, and MIr. Salmon's clerk was waitmg.for ;im, and showed him six houses in Dog-lane, ie- goin over one of them with him by permission of thetnt The rents were represented to be 8s a-week each houe except one, which vas a shop, and which paid lOs 6d. per week. The groundrent was represented to be 50N a-year. The defendantthinking the houses wonld suit him, 31r. Salmon's clerP- pulled out a contract paper and duplicate, which the deencUdnt signedl, as purebaser, giiithe clerk a51.-note and the I 0 U in queasion ofor57L a2 er cent. deposit on the amount Agreed to be giveri for the ;ouses, 'which was 400L Having made his contract, 'the defendant made further inquiry about his purchase, and came to the conclusion he ha made a very bad bargain, and thereupon herepudiated his contract, on the gromnd of frad and misrepresentation. Mr. Salmon, the vendor, however, proceeded against him in the Court of Chancery for a specific performance, and, after adecision b the Vice-Chgioelor, there was an appeal to the Lord Chancellor, an. the question of fraud was left to be tried in an iction on 'the I 0U. For the plaintiff Mlr. Salmon himsdf proved thal he gave l90L for 1G houses, of *hich these 'were siX, ani that he had expended 621. on these six houses in putting them into repair, after which he raised the rents from 6s. to &s. per week each, and the shop 'in proportion, malaingthe total rental 1W. 6s. The groundrent was 36X7. but tlns Mr. Salmon increased by an improved rent to RE 'With the necessary outgoings of repairs, rates, expense of collect3mg, and loss by bad tenants added, this rental was increased to about 97L, and the difference between this sum and the rent, for the residue of a term of 75 years' lease, about 20 years of which were expired, was said by the plaintiff's witnesses to be worth from 400W. to 4507. For the defendant w%itnesses were called who provedthat the houses were not in substantial repair, were very slightly built, and not calculated to stand above 30 years longer. Some of the jury who had been to view them had tumbled through the roof. The repairs that had been done were merely sperficial-painting and papering; and the extreme letting ilue of the houses was said to be 6s. G. each per week, and Ss. the shop. This would give a rental of about 1001. a-year, and with 501. groundrent, and the enpenses of rates, collecting, repairs, insurance, loss by bad tenants added, the outgoings would be about 1091., and the value of the houses was just nothing at all, several surveyors saying " they would be dear at a gift," and others that the lease was worth nothing on these terms, and they would not accept an assignment of it. The frauds and misrepresentations relied on w ere that the houses were reIresented to be sold at a groundrent, when, in traLh, the endant got an assignment ef the groundrent at 36S. a-year and became sub-lessee to the plaintiff for the residue of the 501., which was a very different thing, as he could not get rid of his covenant to pay the rent to the plaintiff if the houses fell down before the expiration of the lease, which it was said they would do. It was also said the amount of the rentw had been exaggerated and misrepresented, as it had been raised for the purposes of this sale to more than the true vaue, and that the representation that the property woul& pa5 pr cent. on the purchase was false and fraudulent. eis lo=sBs}uPhavingzsmnmmeaupnthe evidence,' l'he jury found a verdict for the eefendantj Nxwv SEeJEmA-vs AT LW.&w We understand that M3r. G. Hayes, of the Midlandt Circuit, Mr. G. Pigott, of the Oxford Circuit,andMr. ML L. Wells, of the Norfolk( Circuit, have been admitted to the degree of the coif, and w1il be sworn in immediately.
Z2.'SOLVENT DEBTORS COURT, Fcb. IL IN R?; DAVTn V'VATETA'-r (Before the Cmxl ConrsrloRn . This insolvent, abaker, in Jewry.street, Aldgate, whose ]iearing was reortedl in 2'he Tinzsa a fewr days since, a~ lred to-day for judgment. The opposing creditor, MI amer, a potato-salesman, had brought an action for alander and false rmpisonment against the insolvent, who had Charged the plaintiff with being a thief. The action was tried, the defendant p leaded justification, but the jl gave a verdict for the plaintiff, with 201. damages. jTr costs were taxed at 39L 9s, of which 171. had been recovered :h a;n execution upon some rlpehrty which hadl belongedto 1he insqolvent, but which he -dassgned to aMr. Phlulips, 'who declinedi to defend his titIe. The CsiEE Co iEsssIomsxa was of opinion that the inxolvent was one of those men who, having inflicted a wrong uapon another, preferred to ruin thercselves rather than make any reparation for the injury which they had inflicted. The insiolvent would be discharged at the expiration of ten calend1ar months from the date of his vesting order.
HYDDrMEX.SESSZONS, Monday, Fcc. I1 (Before Mr. PAS}LSy, Q.C., As&itant.Judge.) The Court sat to-day at the Guimall, Westminster, to hicar petitions and appeaLs. There were 54 parish ampeals nd26 appes ain-strates entered on the ist. Th latter. stid over, ani the greater part of the formerwere disposed of on motion. GP.EAI .-3ASSn;G3L%r, NoitnOLIC, V. ST. J.SM, CLUU~m.VEL. This was an~ appea against an order adjudicating the ettlementof E bth o and her three children to be in the parish of Yassinghain. Mr. Huddlestn and Mr. Sleigh appeared for the appellants; Mr. Boditn and Mr. Poland for the respondents. The panpers in this case were the wife and children of WWalter Joy, formerly an inspector of the city police, who roceeded to Australia in IS52, and vwho was last heard of a few months back, he being then still in that colony. He was the son of Mwr. John Joy, surgeon, of Great M'singham,who had six other sOui, and in 1S40 he came to Bondon and joined ihe citypolice; hewas soon made clerk at the Snuthsfield statiion,aneasultmatehy made an inspector, when he was removed to lioor-lane station. In 1lSS he mrried theore sentpauper, who was then a millineer, and with wvhom he hind been acquainted several years, bnt he kept the fact of si9s marriage a profound secret, because as a maried man hiewould h3ve 'eeen subject. to d'ifferent re"oulations than he vould as asin81e one, and he passed as asiOe man allthe: time he remained in the force. In 1852 lhe went to Australia with James Duddey, also in the city police, promising to fetch or send for his wife and children, if things went on prosperously; but, however that might have been, he had not redeemed his promise, and after she had straggled on as well as she could to keep the children, she at length became ch:eable to the parish of St. James, Clerkenweil. She had lived at 7, Lloyd's-row. When Joy got to Australia, he went first to Sydney, and then to a iolace called Coolin wood, near Melborne, e where he had three brothers livin, John, Charles, and Benjamin, w ho very cordially received lim, InJuly, 1854, Duddey returned to England, and it was not until' then that he became aware Joy had left a wife and family behind. On the occasion of the death of Joy's father the panper wrote to one of the members of the family, a Mrs. Whlistler, respecting a small legacy to -which iher husband ws entitled, and that was the first intimation the Joy family had of Walter bein'. married. M1r. Joy, stfen wastmarried twice, and after alis decease his widow arinedea hr. Overton, of Grinmiton. That person gave evidence in the case, and it appeared from her statement that tls was aware of her husband having a sonanaed Walter hiesfirit bmarriage, who was in the city police. and in 1-1 3shbe wveas in London -with Mr. Joy, and called at the Smithfeld station to see him; but as he was not there they left a mrssage for him, in con unc e ofhich he visited and ed with themaat the den Crooss. Mr. Joy, sen., derived a settlement from a copyhold estat-e at Massingham, 'which settlement Walter inherited from him, and upon which, whien the wife and chidren became chargeable to Clerk-enwell, they were removed. For the appellants a eso was raisUred was° to otnhedenOhtityof Walter Joy, the Iheonde of JohnrJoy,eof_asing andingthe emigrant police insectr, ut fte te eidece f Ms.Overton. The s TAT-JUOH sid i apparedto himn that it woud b vey iffcul inee toindcethe Court to come to he oncuson hatthy wre etone and the same Er.um=D5soxr said, he had thought the other side intended to endeavour to p rove the identity by mneans of hsandwritin%, to which he should have had grounds of validl objection ; %ut, as the Court thought the identity was other. wisec made out, there was an end of the matter. The order of removal was accordingly confirmed.
POLICE. GmDZaLr-Charles Raines and Edwin Bntterworth 'were placedat the bar before. Sir R. W. CARDEN, charged with being in possession of 26oz. of silver plate, well know. ing the same to have been stolen. The prisoners were remanded for a week Bow-sMEET.-A dirty, dissipated.looldng man, named lyncb, 60 years old, who gets a living by tearing down posting bils and selling them for wastepaper, was charged with destroying a large poster announcing the cheap e:Tzs" trains of the Great Northern Railway. John Wood, bil3sticker, deposed that he ws wvalkin alon,gDrury-Lane, whenhe saw the prisoner tearing the bill n question from a hoarding at the corner of Longr-acre. He had a basket already filled w;ith fragments of other similar Mr. TLr -Are the biUs your property, Sir ? Witness.-No, Sir. Mr. HALL.-Then you had no business to give the man into custody. This is not a public offence, like felony, where a man is bound to give the guilty person in charge. This is rnerely a case of wilful damage, which is entirely a m,atter between man and man, and no one exceptthe person injured has a rght to anterfere. You are a very officious person, Sir. Inspector Wiliams, an officer connected with the Great Sorthern Railway, here stepped forward and looked astonished at the raliag of the ourt. He was about to speak;, when his worship asked him who he was. The inspector described himself, and stated that the postin -bg n were the property of the company -r. XAr .L.-The act of Parliament requires the amount of damage to be specified. Now what is the value of that bill? The inspector (holding up thefragments) said, it was reaUy worth nothmg m its present state. Mr.r LL.-Yo must estimate its value, or I have no power to interfere. Witness.-Of course it is impossible to say what might be the value of the bill to the company if it had been left upon the hoarding. If you mean the actual cost of printin and bill-sticking, taking them collectively, I should think the cost of each would be about a enny Mr. IALL-Then I fine the defendant one penny. The defendant, who seemed agreeably smprised at the dedidon, handed a penny to the gaoler, and talzngpossession again of his basket and the tattered posting-bill, walked triumphantly out of court. James Andrews, a well-dressed young man, wearing a moustache, was charged -with stealing two Post-office letters. The prisoner had been eight years a clerk in the Postoffice and having been suspected of stealing letters was exposed to the test usually employed by Mr. Sculthorpe. Two trap-letters, containing maked moncy, were placed in his h-nds, with others, to be sorted. He contrived to " thumb" them (forcing the coins through the envelope), and when txed with the offence the marked coins were found in his pocket. The prisoner qrestioned the right of the Post-office to tempt their servants byimeans of trap-letters, and expressed lis midignation at their resorting to such a pxoceeding. Mlr. lLUr.-They have no other means of testing the honesty of their servants. The prisoner was comm3itted for trial, and Mr. Peacock, the Poet-office solicitor stated that probably there would be other charges preferred against him on a future day. MoS.LOROVGH-Sra v...Wiram Bousfield, the man -who stands committed for the wilful murder of his wife and three children, in Portland-street, Soho, was yesterday brought before Mr. BnGsHur to hear an addition to the depoitions, which had relation to the po. mortem examina. tion of his murdered wife. The prisoner seemed to be considerably improved in appearance since last Monday, but he stiU kept up the appearance of mental prostration and bodily weakness (believed to be in a great measure assumed) which he ehiJbited at the frst examination. The prisoner was allowed to sit down in the dock, but without the handcus. The prisoner hung his head down, and took no notice whatever of anything that occurred in court. 3rr. Humphries, inn., attended for the prisoner. Mr. Tadaway, the surgeon, said,-Since Monday last I hzve made examination of two of the bodies-the mother and one of the children. I find that the wounds I saw on those bodies and descrioed on Zfondaylast were the cause of the death of the mother and child. The wounds I found were an inch in width. The chisel was five-eighths of an inch bread; and I account for the difference of width between the -wounds and the chisel by retraction of the skin. John M'Lochlan, one of the warders of the prison, said,On Tuesdaymorning I searched the prisoner and found the shirt I produced saturated with blood and the right sleeve gone. The next day I asked the przioner where the Eleeve wa, and he said he knew nothing aboxut it. Inspector Dodd.-On Wednesday afternoon I searched jheprisoner's room ag and found the sleeve of a man's 'ibrt coyered with blood, by the side of the French bed s;tead. The sleeve appears to Lave been torn from the shirt foud in the pnsoner's poesession. There were spots of 1imood on the ceiling over the French bedstead; blood was Y1EO on a flat candlietick, and the candle found on the floor cf thc room. John Jones.-The chisl produced belongs to the prisoner. soner. Irse his wife durig her last confinement. The prisoner and his wife apeared to be on good terms then. Ater this! have known them to have words 5everal timres en accogWt ef the prisozir not striving to Set a bit of bread for his children. I have heard him say that his wife mad& rather too free vwith someyoung men, customers who came to the shop. Inspector Dodd producedE letter purporting to have been written bythe prisoner tol,fr. Jones, acknowledging having murdered his wife and three children, which turnedoutto be a crael and stupid hoax, the prisoner stating hc knew nothing of this letter, and there being this fuarther proof of the forgery that the prisoner is not been supplied with pen and papr sine he hasbeen in prison. Mr. lumphries applied not to havethisletterrecorded in the depositions. Mr. BnoHA&a could not take any notice of the letter under the circumstances. Mr. leadley having completed the examination and depositions, the prisoner, who still maintained a rigid silence, having declined to make any reply to the charge, wasfinally committed for triaL. TXhe prisoner, as soon as he was in the cell, having ap,lied for some refreshment on the plea that he felt very faint, the magistrate permitted Welsh, the gaoler, to supply him with a mutton chop and some porter. William-Wlliams, footman, was charged with stealing a quantity of plate, the property of his master, Mr. Cesmo uif Gordon, of 34, Hertford-street. The prisoner made no defence, and was fully committed. WESTM-STSR.-Mr. Scott, master of the Westminster School, waited upon Mr. ARYoLD yesterday in reference to a charge made on Wednesday last by a gentleman's coachman against several of the Westminster scholars. The particulars of the application were detaihed in our impression of Thursdgv, since which os r. Arnold has not presided antilssesay. Mr. Scott said that he attendea in consequence of havig received a message from the magistrate, intimating that he wished the names of several of the scholars who were cshrged with an aleged assaultmuonsthe coachmantoie given up. Ho wtas prepared to deend the accused parties, ian,d had one of the scholars inl att,endance writh him to take atcross-sumons aoaist the coachman. 3ir. sofwitn sugges that the complainant should be permitted to see the whole of the scholars, and that the names of those whom he might point oLt shonld he immediately furnished to him. If, alter that, sufficient grounds were shown before him for a cross-summons, he would grant it. tr. Scott perfectly acquiesced in the magistrate's suggestion, ashby that coarse those picked upon would not be de- rived of witnessesm As the matter had obtained pubecity, the authorities of the school denied the harge of outrage, and desired nothing hut a public investigation. TIzeon- F. G. Vrn Zeller, the Portuguese Consul General, entered the court while Mr. Yardley was hearing the tght charges, and, addressing the magistrate, said, that a Portuguese seaman was in custedy for stabbing one of his Ehipmates at sea, and he wished the case to be brought on as early was possible Mr. YwRDisY said he hadno power to actinthe case, as an offence commnitted on board a foreign ship at .sea is cognimble onlay by the athorities of the coeutry to which the ship belongs. Some time afterwards, and when the nimaht charges were disposed of, Mr. YARDLEo asked for tlhe ortugeese case, and, on being informed it wvasready, he addressed Mr. Van Zeller, and said he should be compelled to discharge the prisoner, for he had nothing at all to do with the ease. A somewhat angry discussion ensued. Mr. YAnRDLEY said, he had gone into the case to satisfy the gentleman who attended for the prosecution that he had no jurisdiction. He asked the gentleman if behad .authorities to produce to justify him (the magistrate) in detaining the prisoner?7 If no such authorities could be produced he must discharge the man from custody. MEr. Van Zeller (who remained Eeated).-Yout do as you lke. MWr. Yxsmsia.- I do according to law. Mr. Van Zeller.-The law will govern you. Mr. YAxnDLzy.-Of course it wilL. You wished me just eowt s an opinion as cathrdrd that I had the power to detam tnis man. M1r. Van Zeller.-Nothing of the sort. I said I thought you had. Mr. YAEDLEY.-And, as I have to4preside here, I expect due courtesy. You do not show it either in language or manner. You might at least rise when you address me. Mr. Van Zeler.-Sir, I have shown you courtesy. Mr. YAsDnnY.-No, Sir, you hare not indeed. I don't know who you are, but your language, the tone in which it is spoken, and your manner are anything bu-t courteous. Mr. Van Zeler, who assumed an air of rather haughty nonchalance, then rose from his seat and left the court. LrAsnr.-The case, adjourned from yesterday week, in which Mr. Richard Kerr, a gentleman of military appearance, who gave his address Liminer's Hotel, was charged with being drunk; and attempting to rescue two prisoners from the custody of a police-constable, was resumed before Mr. ELsorr. The particulars of the case have already appeared in 2Th 92i11C8. Mr. Kerr and Mr. Bedwell, accompanied by Mr. H. Mlatthews, the barrister, were in attendanc, as were also several constables belonging to the L division of police, to give evidence in the case. When the case was called on, Mr. Matthews observed that it was not the intention of Mr. Kerr or MLr. Bedwell to make any particular charge or complaint against the police, excepting in as far as the present charge was concerned, and which, to a gentleman n the defendant's position, was one of a most unpleasant character. Mr. Solomon, -who attended on behalf of the police, said he was fully prepared to meet any charge that might be brought against Ui5 cEents. A number of witnesses were then called on the part of the police, and among them, A stonemason, namned Sharp, who swore he saw M1r. Kerr drag away his prisoner from Police-constable Nunnu, and take him down the N;ew-cut some yards, but the constable recaptured him. Sergeant Mould, who was at the Tower-street stationhouse when Mr. Kerr was brought there, swore positively that he was drunk, and that his manner at the stationhouse was that of a drank-en man. He also said that Mr. Bedwell had so interrupted him while taking the charge that he felt compelled to order his removal from the charge-room. Inspector WVhite, wsho relieved Sergeant rMould. at 2 o'clock on the Sanday morning, corroborated the last witness's testimony as to the inebriety of Mr. KRerr. Half-a-dozen other witnesses, constables, swore positively that Mr. Kerr was drunk, and that no unnecessary forcevwas used in ejecting Mr. Bedwell from the chargeroom. After some observations from Mr. Matthews, Mr. rltsoTrr remarked, that the only question before him for decision was, whether the charge against Mr. Kerr of attempted rescue of the prisoners in the custody of the constable Nuun was proved, and he must say that, according to the evidence given on the former day, and corroborated by the witness Sharp, called to-day, there appeared an unnecessary interference on the part of that gentleman, for which he would adjudge him topaya penalty of 40s. or 14 days' imprisonment. He, MIr. Ellott, further remarked, that he felt it but due to Mr. Bedweli to express it as his opinion that the witnesses who had insinuated that he was not sober were mistaken. Having heard the testimony of MIr. Baldwin, who saw him immediately after the occurrence on the subject, it was his (MEr. Elliott's) opinion that MEr. Bedwdll was perfectly sober. Mr. Bedwell expressed hi thanks for the magistrates kind e.x-pression of feeling, and the penalty having been paid the parties left the court.
NAVAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGBNCE. - The Colotios, screw, 81, Captain the Hon. Ifeny KeppM, .B., hauled alongside her hulk in Portsmouth harbour yesterday to "paint ship?'and receive her crew, before dropping out to Spithead and joii3ing the fleet there. The Haier, 15, screw sloop, Commander Derriman, left Portsmouth harbour yesterday and joined the fleet at Spithead. The Plover, 4, scrw gunboat, Lieutenant-Commander Stewart, went to the Motherbank yesterday with liberty men from the gtnboat flotiUa. The Pioneer, 6, new screw despatch vessel, was taken into dock yesterday to be fitted for commission. The Lapwing, 6, new screw gun-vessel, was towed up to Portsmouth from Cowes yesterday to be fitted for commission. The schooner John Williams is embarking a number of heavy mortars and guns of various sizes from the Arsenal. wharf, at Woolwich, and wii sail to day for Portsmouth. The paddlewheel steamer Rite. for somne time under repair in Woolwich dockyard, is now in a forward state, and has received her engine gear.The repairs and alterations of the Princess Alice are likewise advancing rapidly. The second pier, which was commenced about three months ago at theArsenal-wharf,Woolwich,willbe ready for service in about three weeks. This will considerably augment the capabilities of landing and shipping, and, as vessels of heavy tonnage will be enabled to moor alongside in any tide, the use of barges wil be superseded. A spadons platform branches off on either side of the pier, provided with a double line of tramway, and extends a sufficient length to admit the loading of four ships at the same time. Four cranes are about to be erected on the platform, and are to be served by hydraulic pressure. The apparatus for this purpose is in the course of erection, under the sunervision of Colonel Beatson, commanding Royal Engineers. This wil be appEed for the joint purposes of working the whole of the numerous cranes along the Arsenal-wharf side. The Edendale sailing transport, No. 10, Captain Lash, arrived on Saturday morning at Woolwich from the East. She has hitherto been engaged in transporting cavalry horses, and is expected to embark a similar cargo. Mr. EH R. Rich, master of the merchant ship Hlooghly, recently returned from Australa, has transmitted to the treasurer of the Royal Naval and Military Free Schools, Devonport, the smm of 5. 5s., collected from his passengers during the ship's absence from England. The treasurer of those schools requests us to acknowledge that he has received the above sum. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Lieutenant F. W. Pym, to the Esk; John Stokes, master, to the Medina; Benjamin Wooley, acting master, to the Prospero; Richard H. Blainey, master's assistant, to the Tartarus; Henry Grey, midshipman, to the Rodney; H. B. Hamersley, midshipman, to the Colossus; G. F. A. Drew, surgeon (confirmed); Robert Wilcox, to the Medin. Lieutenant Mould, Royal Engineers, stationed at Londonderry, has been ordered to proceed to New Zealand, where his father, Lieutenant-Colonel Mould, of the Royal Lngineers, is in command. THE 3MIITIA. Friday being the day appointed for the volunteering from the Royal Lancashire Militia Artillery, Captain Campbell, RA1, attended at the battery at Liverpool, accompanied by Staff-Surgeon Teran and Captain Mnsell. During the morning upwards of 60 young fellows presented themselves, and were accepted. The volunteering was most satisfactory, considering the reduced strength of the regiment, it having given within the last six months 250 rmen. The 1st Warwick Regiment of Militia, commanded by Colonel Boultbee, which left Warwick on Friday and slept at Bristol, arrived on Saturday afternoon at Plymouth, where they were received by Colonel Sir John Yarde Buller, Brigade-3bor lbbetson, and other officers. Escorted by the bands of the Plymouth Division of Royal Marinmes, the South Devon Miitia, the Limerick Militia, and their own band, they marched direct to the citadel, where it is expected the regiment will be quartered for some time. The disembocied men of the Royal Anglesea MEiltia wiU meet on the 20th inst. for 56 daye' training and exercise. The Royal Elthorne Light Infantry Militia, quartered at Aldershott, has Just given an instalment of 130 men to the Line. This regiment gaye 314 last year, and nearly as many the year before, with five officers, to Line regiments, and two more will be now recommended. The newly crected barraek huts at Pembroke dockyard are to be immediately filled with militia. The troops ordered to move for this purpose are the Montgomeryshire Rifles and the North Glocestershire Militia. The present arrangements are, that the former regiment, jointly with the Pembrokeshire Artillery, are to occupy the permanent fortified barracks, and the North Glocestershire and Monmouthshire Militia are to be quartered in the wooden barracks, the Monmouth regiment moving from the regular barracks for this purpose. Thus there will be four regiments of militia stationed at Pembroke. These ranges of wooden barracks have been constructed to hold 1,000 men andtheirofficers, and have beenfittedwith everyconvenience. They are well drained, and supplied with good water, and situated on the hill at Hobb's Point. Within the last few days about 250 of the Wexford MHlitiavolunteered from its ranks into theIme, and already 150 of that number have been draughted into the G2d, 83a, 47th, 41st, 87th, 9th, 55th, 44th, and 96th Regiments of Foot, and into the 5th Dragoon Guards. The enlistment is stll progressing very favourably, and Lientenant Ogle is at this moment engaged enrolling recruits in the north of the county. Last week 180 of the Royal County Linerick Militia volunteered to the Line, and of these 26 were for the Foot Guards. Thirty-four men of the Westmeath Militia volunteered t, the 14th Regiment. They joined the depot at Ifullinggar on Thursday last. Thirty-one recruits arrived on Thursday, per the Bristol steamer, from Gzantham, and joined the Royal South Lincoln Mhlitia in Cork Barracks.
UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE. OXFORB. FER 11. In a Convocation to he holden on Thursday next, the 14th inst., at 2 o'clock, it wil be proposedl to affix the University seal to ahumable petition to be presented to the Hon. the Comimons of the unIted kingdom of Great Britain and Irelan agins th folowng otin, owbefore the House - "fla intheopiionof hisHoue, t would promote the mora an inellctua imrovmen ofthe working classes open to the public inspection after morningseiconSdays." Convtio, fom 0 ocloc inthemoringuntil 4 in the aftenoonon Wdnesay, he 1th, nd tll 1o'clock, in the
LA1mcH oF Gtn.NBoATs.-Yesterday two substantially built and finelymodelled wooden gunboats, the Beacon and the Brave, of about 223 tons each, were launched from the building-yard of Mr. John Laird, on the border of the Great Float, atBirk-enhead. Both vessels had their engines and boilers on board, and their entrance into the water wvas greeted w-ith loud cheers by a large assemblage of spec. tators. The launches were very successful, the christen'mg of the Beacon being performed by Mrs. Bevis, wife of Captabn Bevis, R.N., dmiralty agent at Liverpool- and that of the Brave by Miss Agnes Laird, daughter of tebuilder. Two similar vessels will be launched from Mr. Laird'suiverpool yard next week, besides which there are two others nearl completed, with engines, boilers, and machinery on board, 3ach of the boats will carry twogns of heavy calibre, which may be worked at will from any portion of the vesseL Mr. Laird is also building, at his Birkenhead and Liverpool yards, 15 iron mortar-boats of 100 tons measurement each, of a precisely similar description to the one recently conicmetedL and already noticed in Thie Timea. Two of these are expected to be launched in 10 or 14 days;, the rest to follow in quick succession. NEw CHuRCH-RATES 2BmLs.-The first bill, the title of which is too long for quotation, is brought in by M.. Packe, LP., and the Mrquis of Biandford, MLP. The preamble recites the expediency of "abolishing churchrates made for the sutpport of the services of the church and making better provision for the maintenance of the fabric andfittings of parish churches," and on this distinction bet,ween e expense of supporting the "service" and the " fabric" of the church the principle of this bill is basal. Accordingly, no church-rate is to te valid unless made for the "mamtenance and repair of the fabric of the church," or "the supply and renewal of the necessary fittings' thereor. In the event of the archdeacon notifying to churchwardens that monoy is required for the above pur Poses, and te neglect oft te churchwardens totake the hint by calling a vestry to make aate within two months of tho notice, orthe refusal of the vestry to grant an adequate rate, the Court of Queen's Bench may issue a writ of m7tuandasns, compelling the levy of a church-rate The rake are tobe assessed and levied like poorTrates, and an appeal from the assessment wil lie to the Court of Quarter Sessions, although the latter tribunal will have nopoer to decide o the vatidity of any rate ordered by man miss to be levied. Occupiers may deduct church-raes from their rent, but, in the case of exsting tenancies, the landlord maay balance the difference by adding it to his rnt. Owners of freehold estates may contract for the redemption of their lands from the rates, and, when they have been levied annually for 1O years, the redemption money is to be 20 years' purchase of the average of 10 years, and where no annual rate has been made, then 20 yeas' purchase of the rate, varying with the number of sittings in thefrish chutch. Lands will be for ever freefromtheburden of -church-rates on payment bf this redemption money.' This act is not to alter the lability of any rector or layowner of great tithes to repair the chancel of a church as now required by law, nor will it enable a church-rate to be made where tho rate could not be made before the passing of this act,
A-B.-ICA. 'IVERFOOI, FEB. 11. Tht Royal mail steamship America has arrived wit.h advices from Boston to the 30th ult., and from New York (by telegraph, 'eid Halifax) to the 31st. She brought no specie on freight. The Royal Mail steamship Arabia arived at Halifax on the 31st ult., and proceededto Boston. The papers do not contain any informantion respecting the differences with England on the enlistment questioni. On the 29th the ballot for Speaker stood as fol. lows6:-Banks, 99; Orr, 69; Fbl1er, 34; Scatteray, 8. Nlecessary to a choice, 106. In the Senate, onthe 28thult., Mr. Cass delivered ahoccupied two hours and a-half, on ienrl erican afars. Alldin to the remarks of the NatitoalRtelligeascer, that the country might be drifting into difficulties; he said that he did not believe it. He thougpht the ship of State was on its true course, and the pilot doing his duty. Mr. Cass used strong language, denunciatory of the positions assumed by the British Government relative to the Protectorate in Central America, characterizing its pretensions in setting up a king over the Mosquito Indians as mere mockery, under which England alone exercised real sovereignty. Mr. Clayton corroborated Mr. Cass by reading extracts from documents, showing that the British Vice-Consul was the real Governor of M\osquito, and gave titles to land in his own name. MIr. Coilamer contended that there could be no possible pretext for the assumption of England, that the occupation she agreed not to exercise was only prospective, and had no reference to the occupation which she then held. He, however, thought the time for legislative action had not arxived, inasmuch as the President, in his Annual Message, expressed hopes that there might still be an arnicable adjustment of the controversies between this Government and Great Britain. The subject was thenpostponed. A resolution, declaring " any agitation of the slavery question unwvise and unjust to a'portionof the American people and injurious to every section, and ought not to be countenanced," had been adopted by a majority of one in the HIouse of Representatives. The Hon. Mr. Dallas is reported to have accepted the post of Minister to England, vixe Mr. Buchnan. The Washington correspondent of the Coue-ier aid Iquirer thus aSltldes to the subject as well as to that of the next Presidency:- *"fThe President has delayed appointing a sucocessor to hir. Buchanan for twIo reasons. In the first place ho does not desire his return until after the democratao nomination for the Presidency shall be made; and, secondly, he hesitates to dispose of so coveted a piecc of patronago previously to the mceting of the Convention. If held iu reserve and adroitly used, this appointment will command not less than a dozen votes in that body. Mr. Buchanan has continued for the last three months to assert that he could not remain in London later than thc middle of February, but he could not well desert his post during the continuance ,f important negotiations. It is reported that he has at length threatened to appoint his own successor, and retire upon the 12th of Febra He proposes to leave tho Hon. Robert B. Campb thepresent consul, as Charge d'Affaires. This is a good sugeestion. Mr Camjpbell had much diplomatic experience wh e erican Minister to Cuba, with the title of Consul to ravannab, and is a gentleman of conciliating manners and deserved popularity. Besides, the crisis which required in London the presence of a inister of first-rae ability must be considered as passed. Br0 had w;ithin six months three distinct crises in our Brtish relations. There was the Central Amnerican crisis, which commenced fonr or five years ago, and cuhuinated in October lnst. Next there was the scrisis on the enlistment, which experienced its severest paroxysm in the celebrated despateh of 90 manuscript pages of the 5& of January inst. The last crisis was the warpanie, which commenced with the President's Message, andwas terminated by an article in the Union- announcing the restoration of peace. It is probable, then, that Mr. Buchanan will reach home in time to open a vigorous contest vith General Pierce for the nomination. The contest is likely to be closer than I supposed somceweeks since. I am informed by expo. rienced New York politicians that the President will receive the votes of that delegation only as a compliment, and that they willtake early opportunity to leave ham. At this time Mr. Hunter appears to bethemostformidable Southern candidate. He . w1 receive at first bht a few votes, but relies upon his unfailing luck to bring him ont towards the close of the struggle. Senator Bright, of Indiana, is to be second on the Hunter ticket. The Rbpublicans are looking to Judge M'Lean as their standard-bearer. MIr. Bell is, perhaps, the most prominent of the possible candidates on the si e of the South Americans. Air. Clayton, General Houston, John Miner.Botts, and Senator Critteuiden, however, have pretensions which cannot be overlooked. There was a rumour current that a filisbustering expedition, numbering oOO men, had landed at San BIas, Lower California. Refers-lug to these piratical expeditions, the Washington correspondent of the Couriecr and Inquirer says: "sThere is no doubt that WFalker receives reeruits by every steamer from California, as wel as from New York and New Orleans. The Government has exhausted its ingenuity in the attempt to cut hibn off from such accessions.lt went to the very verge of its admitted powers in seizing the Northern lIght and detaining its passengers, and it is expected that the case will yet give M1r. hl'eon and the Attorney-General no little trouble. You cannot prevent invalids from seeking a milder climate, nor can you restrict the privilege of expatriation. It may be assumed that no obstacles interposed by our Government will seriously impede the colonization of Central America from the United States. As many men will go there and range themselves under the leadership of Walker and other chiefs as the resources of the country can subsist. They vill conquer the country, and establish there institutions analogous to our own." A shocking affair had occurred in Kentucky. A number of fugitive slaves having taken refuge in a house the police officers proceeded to arrest them. .The slaves fired and wounded several of the spectators. One slave woman, finding escape impossible cut the throats of her children, killing one instantly and severely wounding two others. Six of the fugitives were apprehended, but eight of another party are said to have escaped.. The freezing of the Ohio river offered great facilities for fugitive slaves. TwoBritish agents, named Galbraith and Gillispie, who had, in default of bail, remained in prison at Buffalo since August last on a charge of enlisting soldiers, had been released on providing securities for their future appearance. . Fourteen persons had been drowned in Chesapeake-bay by the capsizing of a schooner. The steamship Star of the West had arrived at New York with $643,446 in California gold. Passengers by her had crossed the Isthmus of Panama in 22 hours. At San Juan lay Her Majesty's ships Eurydice and Espieglo. At Virgin-bay a great wharf had been erected, alongside which large steamers could go. Advices from Vera Cruz to the 22d ullt. state that Haro y Tainurez, having been arrested on suspicion of treason, escaped, collected a numerous body of troops, and was besie,ging Puebla, which he was likely to taLe. It is stated that Comonfort's Governnent is very weak, and that he has been compelled tocomromise witl the holders of the draughts on the three nilons' indemnity fund. They agree to pay to Mexico a certain proportion of the proceeds of the draughts, in addition to the sum which they advanced to -Santa Anna. On the completion of the arrangement, *the balance of the fcud would be paid to the Mexican Minister at Washington, on behalf of the draught holders, or directly to the latter, as may be directed by the Mexican Government. Advices from Havannah state that GeneralConcha was to leave the island for Spain, where he will receive the title of Count of Havannah. His successor is said to be General Zabala. From the New York commercial advices we learn that the latest European accounts were considered unsatisfactory, and had caused a .decline in the prices of all the speculative securities. Erie was last quoted at 51-, and Reading at 83g. The prices of State stocks were well sustained-New York IFives, of 1874 were held at 104. Considerable amounts of this loan had been purchased by bankers as a substitute for United States' stocks which had 'been forwarded to the Treasury for redemption. Money continued in good demand, and the rates previously quoted were well supported. Exchange on England was only in moderate demand at 107. to 108g and 1081. Bills on France were not at 5f. 20c. to 6f. 26*c. There was still little doing in flour, but quotations were 25o. per barrel hicher than the rates current a fortnight previous. go change of moment in wheat or Indian corn. The -Cotton-market was quiet; but there was no quotable change in prices in consequence of the reduced stocks. There was very little doing in provisions either for export or for home consUMo tion. Scotch pig iron was firm at $33 to $34, SLx months, on the spot, and at $32 to arrive. Freights were scarcely so firn, there being less activity. The rates were :-To Liverpool, for cotton, 7-32d. to id. perlb.; grain,-7jd to 8-d. per bushel; flour, 2s. 6d. to 2s. 9d. per barrel. To Havre, cotton fie por lb.; grain, nominally 20c. per bushel; Lour, 70c. per barrel. To London, flour, 3s. 9d. to 4s. per barrel; grain, ld. to Is. per bushel (LATEST BY TEIX GRAPH, vid ;ALIFAX.) NEW YORK, JAN. 31. Cottu m tive anud Am, Breadftufi rnms unnchaged p uices, but tend upwards. Mket to-day for fancy stocks .ull. Money-marxket easier. Freight easier. N~EW ORIMEA?S, JAST. 30. Sales.-Cotton, 7,000 bles a rm oWASEIlTGTON, Jla. 3L - NToSpeaker Clectd
THEB BRITISH HOSPITAL AT BENKIOI. I ROhf oUm OWN OoEsrrPnTNhrTA ENIOL L . 22. The Andes steam transport arrived off the North Pier yesterday from Balaklava, during a heavy gale, from the south, with 90 patients, a large proportion being severe cases of fever; there were also many cases of frostbite, many of extreme emaciation and exihaustion from repeated attacks of fever, frora dysentery, from diarrhcea, or from continued ex-. posure to the severity of a Crimean winter. Altogether there were m~any more requiring the assist. ance of stretehers to be lifted from the caiques than upon any previous occasion. So heavily did the wind blow that during one burst in the Dardanelles the Andes was thrown over on her side, the rain at the same moment deseending in a deluge. She ran into the sheltered bay, which on this occasion was not the one where the railway is finished; consequently the sick had to be carried, as heretofore, by relays of men. It is a fact that a single trial of a railway spoils one for all other means of transport; the speed and order with which the men are arranged on the trucks, the ease and celerity with which they are run into the corridor, the certainty with which the militarv officer takes the name and regimental number of every man, and the medical officer learns the nature of the disease, that the case may be despatchedto the proper ward, are advantages such as can be gained by no other system whatever. Nevertheless, upon the present occasion,theLast, I beheve, in which railway accommodation will not be at hand throughout the station,-every one worked with the earnestness which guarantees successful execution. Great assistance was afforded by the ready co-operation of the military. Xlainy of the men, themselves scarce beyond the class of patients, carried their sick comrades until they almost dropped from fatigue; but the great end was attained-namely, the landing of the patients without accident and their consignment to the hospital before nightfall. In most instances the patients were quiet and passive when they reached the shore, but among the fever cases I heard the mutterings of delirium. One poor fellow fancied that he had landed in England, and was begging to have his children brought to him. His hagg,ard faceand siunken features looked particularly ghastly, obscurely seen by the flickering light of the corridor lanterns, as the fatigue party bore him to his bed; but it is needless to pain your readers by again attempting to portray those scenes of suffering with which they are already familiar. They will hear with pleasure that the transport service for the sick on this station is in a most efficient state. The Andes, formerly one of Cunard's fine mail steamers, is a model of cleanliness and comfort, quite equal to the Alps or the Imperaaor, or any of the vessels which have touched here. Of the hospital arrangements at Renkioi I can but repeat my praise; the proof of its high state of efficiency is seen in the return of deaths, which are still extraordinarily small, in spite of.the presence of the severest forms of disease. I may remark that careful post nortemn examinations are made here to ascertain the morbid changes produced by disease and the immediate causes of death. There must occur many casualties among the patients last landed. They reminded one strongly of the class of cases sent down from the front last February and March; but every possible comfort is here provided for them; the medical officers give themselves to their duties with their accustoned zeal, and we must wait to see how far their efforts wil be successfu.L One point of pre-eminent advantage respecting this hospital is now established; fevers and other contagious diseases do not spread from bed to bed. It is doubtful if a single instance of the kind has occurred since the opening of the first ward; nor have any of the attendants, men or women, suffered in health. -When this is contrasted with what is knowni to have happened in other places we must in common justice acknowledge that* in the appointment of the present chief of the establishment, Dr. Parkes (by whomall these matters are directed), the Government has exercised a very sound judgment. We have seen the worst of the winter, which has at no time been excessively cold, although there have been several severe snowstorms and falls of very heavy rain. The trial of the hospital buildings may therefore be considered passed, as they were found in every way suited for their purposes during the heat of the sunnmer months. It is remarlkable how justly every contingency is provided for by the plans matured by Mr. Brunel, who, I believe, never set foot on this soil, but trusted to his judgment, general knowledge, and experience for what might be necessary. The only change of importance is the giving up of the tin-sheeting to the roofs, the double layer of felt having been proved more efficacious against wet. This in considerable measure takes away from the bright appearance of the buildings when viewed from the distance, but it secures the comfort of the inmates. The arrangements for the nursing department in this hospital are, I think, satisfactory. There is not at present any association of ladies, such as the Sceurs de la Charite, under a Lady Superintendent-an institution which, properly constituted and well appointed, is invaluable as an aid tothe general nursing system. The posts of matron, storekeeper, and female inspectors of wards are heldby a party of five ladies whose unassuming diligence I may mention with all respect. The work of the wards, both household and nursing, is done by regularly appointed women, assisted by ward orderlies. They dwell in two detached buildings, and are hence exempt from most of those dangers which told so fearfully upon the health of those who served at Smyrna. Should the course of events suddenly throw a very large number of sick and wounded upon this institution, it might be worth consideration how far the more extended assistance of ladies would again be serviceable, for undoubtedly their incessant watching and constant adninistration of nourishmentin small quantities every hour or even half hour to the patient, hovering from exhaustion orfever between life and death, have been the means of saving many a life. But the basis upon which such an institution is to be constructed must be perfectly clear and defined, and such as was first contemplated by the ladies who so nobly came forward to tender their services for the public good. In the first place, they should dwell by themselves, as members of a religious foundation, in the proximity, but notnecessarily within the precincts of an hospital, for the common daily duty of which thei services should not be necessary. They shoulld agrec to submit to the rule of one head, the Lady Superintendent, from whose decision in matters of discipline there should be no appeal. Disobedience should be followed by quiet dismissal home. It is subversive of all order andsystemforappealstobepermitted from the Lady Superintendent to the superintendent of the hospital, from him tothe Consul, from the Consultothe War-office, and from the War-office to the public. Those who aspire to the privilege of serving their country should be prepared for the performance of a most serioustrust, demanding forthetimethesurrender of personal freedom and tlhe self-imposition of restraint. The cases of frostbite admitted from the Andes have mostly been among the Land Transport Corps. It is remarkable that nearly all the men repeat the same tale,-that they were admitted into hospital for dysentery ; whEile there fever came on, and their feet became frost-bitten as they lay in their beds. So many have repeated the same story that I presume there is some foundation for it. We are expecting a visit from the General. Mis popularity here iS as great as ever, and your correspondent "S. G. O." cannot express in terms too strong for the occasion the confidence felt on all sides in his clear-sighted judg-ment, impartiality, and busineslikc habits.
ASLA MINOB. ERZMO1h, J. 4. The latest letters from Persia state that ifr. MIurray is on his way to Da=dad. The Shah had issued orders for all tho Perssan authorities to treat bim with every posmible civility on his routo, but at the same timeohad written to him in a tone which mankes reconciliation at present entirely impossible. Letters dated the 14th of last month have beon received from Sir William Nilliams. He was then at Tiflis, on his way to Moscow. He and his companions were aU well. The kiidneas of the Rus. Eian aulthorities, civil as well as milita is repre. Bentedas avi been unvaxd.e
SALES BY AUCTION. Gueldford-street Rnssell- .bole priat Residence; held . at £21 round rent, and let at £per annum. MESSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed to SELIL L1L by AUTIoON, at the Mart, THEIS DY, Fceb. 12, at 12, the L aSE ot Xo. of Gultdlord-street, Rnssell-squar: le to ais Smith, at £10 per annum, and held fee 355 years, at£21 Per helnr2n. This is an ecxellent residence *or a Pro?eseienal mar, The present occupler is a yearly ten.ant. Mfay be viewsed onlb by 3msolon ot tho ten.ant, and araticulrs had at the 31art: of U. 0. Norcuft, Tee,, sohcitor 11, O-ray9-snquxare; MTesss M'Leedand Stenning, iolicitors., Leneon-etrect, city; and of ssrs Fester, 4.Pall-malL Cadoan-laccandNerth-etrret, Chelsea, ]/ESSRS. r?OSTER and SON are dirccteti ndcr d n Order of the Court of Chancery to SELL by AUTION at the rart,TITIS DAY. February 12, initwo lots. FOUR equal undivided NlThTEf PARtTS orSEfARES in a capital RESIDEIICE and PRE. ISESE, No. 6. Cadogan-plaEc, let on lease at £125, and held foor 2 se nra and a half. at £19 Is. per annm. LotI. Five equlal undivided 'inth Parts or Shares In Tcvo Leasehold Hser,A Nos. 20 and 21 Northtreet,ISoane-street, near tnightsbridge, let at £13. ad hcdfor xl yar, ad or graond rentr of£5s bePnoartil, 14thn odahs befoie the sale, and of MTessrs Footer and Son, 54, PaLl-malL. Prompton.-Two nearly newv Houses, in Yeoman's-terrace, the turnini opposite Brompton-squarb, held for about 31 years at £3 and £4 rormd rentsd vESSRS. FOSTERI and! SON ivill SELL by AtUG- AtE. TION at the Miart, THIlS DAY!, F:eh 12, at 12, in twro lots, a LEASEHO;D) PROPERTY, consisting of twvo neat brick-built housces, acah containing seven rooms and wash-house wfilh yard and ncosed fore-court, erected about five years ago, and letsatab£10pey nv ofrgood snall investmnts. May bo viewed' and partIn alkrs ptc14-d5sa prior tSh srle, at the yart;mat tho Gropes solicitor, 12.egent-street; eandd of Mesl. CFote. 54. Palli. CharIrs-treet, MLanrhester-sqoae-A good Leasehold Investment. iUlESSRS. FOSTERDandSOwESELL byAAUG1 TION. at the ioart, tHIS DAY Febrnary 2l at 12, an eTcellent LEA SE2pOcil private Dw l ELLlIdG-er OUw E, in F ood. subEtan tinseind ornamentalrepato, being ino. 4, on the north cao of Charles- otreet,% MAareheete-squr. oMiilassigbnee, nLmrowknhcocupationeeof ThEs, ciawyn;yEeq, a otx£75 lrpe.r annum heldfor about31cars, at a ground rent of 6 guineas. Th house has three rooms on a lloor well fitted with water-closets, is very substantial and comfortable, and contains all the accommodation requ ired by a faniiSy of respectability. MLaybe viewed byperuissien of the tenant. Cards to view and particulars may bo bn'I o7 MeEssrs Foster, s4, Pall-mai; also o'tl31ersz. BEcechiam and Son, solictors, Hlavvkhurst, lKent.- In I3akrnptey.-Crshaltee, Snurrey-Furniturc, Planoforte by Erard, phaeten and Cob. 1AlrR. FRED. GODlVIN w SELL by AUCTION, lon thePremiess opposito thoNational Schools. TH1ISDAYTuesday) art L2 precisely, the Fell-mde neasly new FURNITURE, a verf eervicebleeou phaeton, and harness. On vi, and catalogues had offical assignee, vSiebook-court- f Reed, lFhq., Irwmnongers tane, city; and of SIr. Godwfin, 3. HalIfin-tercace, Bsqgrave-squre. Lawn Classica, and 3icLlaneous kibrary. ;thFRED. GODW INs w SELL byV CTION, mTisdy AFetbmreuaryat12 fTo.r DAtshe alu table LrA, CLassigel, and MTisrellaneous Llt RAYaboult i.It0olumes, Sn morocco and calf biRNdIng,ThREpr o and F inTo, Jaes prennusydvis. ed Ma Nbe viewe hbued afprio ted Flowept , ish at t rhe tr,oaoms; of . rG. psmith Esq., 5, Newv-tan, Strand; and of MIr. Godwin, 3, alluin-terrace, Beigrave. square. inuchinore-hilL-To F.amilies Parsishing, 'Eunuiture, Dealers. and n R A. G s. H. NARTIN is instructed by the Executors - of the late 1V. Witt, cq., towSELL byAU ION,ontho Pr miser WVicTImore-hia, TheS DAY, at 12, thebremaining wl-made FURNlE;RF. and EFFECTS, as previously advertised. N.e. Omnibuses from the Flowrerpot, Bishopegate-street, at a quarter-past o 11 o'lockddaily. Absolute Reversionu on very advanced Lives. e(of Bircin-lane) tS ill SELL by ON at the rart Te-morro;, Februaryll, at 12, in two lots. the saeSOLtoE irEnVEdSION of £2,011 14s. Si New Three per Cant. Atnnsities.,expectaiut on the death of a lady nowt inher71ist year; the Absolute leversion of One-sixth Share of £2,100 Tharee Per Cent. Redeced Annuities, expectant on the death of a lady in her 80th year Particulara at the Auction MSart * of Mrs Carritt,solictor. 24, inehall-street; and of Mlr. Barnes. 19, Blirehia-lane, tomnard-st. Stockof a Chinnand9 Lass-Warehouse. ESB.T NE is f avoured by instractions from Mr. lIted, who isBquitting the business, to SELLG yAWTFIOX, the Premises, 1 Sloane-squa, TIES DAY, Febrnary , at 12 for 1, theaitholeofhiswel-selected STOCKuin TRADE, comprising dinner. tea, andseofee srvces. toiletets, useful and ornas entalh sind and glass; aLscoa fwletsnteden andbraware. Mdaybnnt e viewe day re- X2Menas au eayn of sale,wand catalogues had o athe prem-coises, ofa the offices of the auctionecr, 39. Kaings-r-oadChnelsea, and ari wrood-street. Pimilco. Freehold Estate, Iolbern-hilLT preduang aBRental ot £71 pr annum. My1ESSRS. WTARLTEiRS and LOVBJOY?are ans- lAI structed to SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's, THIS DAY. Feb 12 at 12, in one lot, a r FRthOI,D PROPEBaFY, nempristh g a capitaldwdelling ho-ue, bUnion-court, Iaolbrn, in the occupation of Mfr.AtkiLcnsn and eight houses, 12 to 19 inclusive, on the east side of IJnion-court, all tenanted. and producing in the whole a rental of £25t 10s. Mray be viewed. Partirulares had at 3, Union-court;- of Mwarsall Turner, Esq., eicter e 47, Lincoln's-nn-Hfieldsh; at Garniw.ay' 5; and of the auctioneers, 55. Chancery-lane, To Brewers, Plant Brokers and othe IrR. CIIAPPELL is instructed to SELL by AIGa .LLTION, at the Daisten Brewery, Bath- p lae,near theQueen'sroad-brige, Ta-morroe, February F3th, at 12 the FIE.D PLASYT and UTEeSILS in TRADE; oumprising a six-barrel copper, liquor .and ort pumps, coolers. mash SEnn, iL backs, refrigeOators, atenbound vats. two capital malt mUlls, 210 souEnd cas2 (from butts toyits), six-motion beer engine, counter, sundrs basr fttings, andaboft 2N ewt of isngLas his aybe viewaed the day prior and rorninFof sale when cTOge iy RehAD on the pmises ndofAthe bi autioneer, 3 CityEwins's Auction Rooms, 15, Hligh-street, lslingtens.-lousehold Furni- tlure and raects. M1 R. EWVINS will SELL by AUCTION at his jyiRBooms, as above, To-morrowv, Feb. 13, at 12, FthaNITUonE, comprisng mahegany chests of drawcrs, mahogany pembrol;e .and loo tables,mahsgany library- book-case, mahogany chairs, asur-post and Prench besintead and bedding, chimne and dressing gLasss, kitchen utensils, and numerous othereffeets. rpaybe view ed the daY preceding and mornig of sale, and catalogues had at the aUctiEOneer's offics, 1S, IBgh-street, Islington, and 4, oplesleY Villas. West-green, Tottenham. insrey.-Frehold Villas, about half an houf's ride bty rail) from l ondon. digR. ORPWOOD ahill SELL by AUCTIONr at the tales ant, onW Turetsda Febuarng9 atd d2.wingsi lots, hmiteref the-a Mlortgagec, SIt genteel semi-deahedFVILLA RE°SDENsi enethe large giardens, in the favouite and proverbially healthfua town ef Fpsem, adjaent to the statin; feiet lhone on lease. at £42 each, and immediate possession can be bad of the other. Printed particulrs obtainable at the Railway Htei and pricipal inns at EpsomS also in leoden, of Messrs. . and J. ClarL; shcitors, 2S, Feisluy-pLade- lr. Orpwead, land agent, Artillery-dleace FlAsbury-quare; and at the Mlart. eo. 143, iUdergsate-street-o re Willis, shoo p anufactarer, of dew- castle-upon Tsne, mnder Deed of Assignment. MRP. SiAIL. JOHEISON wFill SELL bFAIJCTION, red.m at his ROOms, as above, on Tuesday, Feb.19 at , al the toCK in TRADE of the several estableshmentsof n Wiris ofNewcaste, and other effects, oamprising 10,700 pairs man's, omen's, and children's ootan and oesnd .an assortment of leather and 6hoe mercert. OnviewvtheIdaYpior and morning ot sale, and atendogneshad ef wfr. C. inter t shoc manufacturer, Norwich; ers Bamergerc leather merchants, King street, Snohill - and of the auctlondev 143 Alderagate-etreet.'' ' i prESSRS. GILBERBT andSO wllSEL yA I.TION, by order ot the Proprietor, on the Premises.; Black:heath-terrace, on Thursday, Feb. 14, at li, the HIOUSEHIOLD FURBNITURE and EFFECTS' consisting of painted Preach, tent, and mahogany four-post bedsteaos andfumitures, mattrasses, feather beds and bedding, Dainted and mahogany w3sh stands,ehests of draw ers, dreslsingtables and glasses, carpets, dining and drawiing room furniture in mahiogany and rosevood, comprising sets of dining room chairs, dininz tables, sidebo.ard, sofas. cheffoniers, couches, easY chairs, leo, card, and sofa tables, chimney-vases and ornamnents, sets of damask v;indow curtains, Brussels ane other carpets, china and ginas, a fewz Iota of geld and silver Jew,eilery,a cane-bodied four-wheel chaise, and an invalid ehad, the property of a lady dec3ased. To be viewved en Wednesday preceding sale, and catalogues had of Mr.. Helyer, stationer, londonsteet, Greenvneh, andeof the auctioneers, Blacchath. Surrey.-Capital detached FamiLy Residence, w.ith suitabole Of ficer, teautifuI rieassne Grounds, (,'ardeus, and Mreadowf Land, situate en Dud wich-hil within four miles of the Bridges. - ~ESSRS. ELLIS and SON aredirced] by the Executors of the Lain Jeseph Dowoca, F:sq., to SELLbv AUVCTION, earyithespig(aes nac tbe fe r borenuslymade situate on the sulmmit of Duiwich-hil, approached by a carriage dries, withDoric portico attheDrindipalentranm,etho back frnteof handsme elevatlon, with o southern aspect. The internal arrangements of the residence are upon an extensive scale, andare in every respect ada pted to a nobleman's or gentlean's famfily, The recePtiOn rOOms, which all Icommunicate, are spacious and lofty, are finished in themost cestlyand elegant maner, and open to a beautif ul terrace and ornamental conaervatory. overlooking the Snely-timbered grounds, and embracing oiewsof the interesting and variednorneryaround. Therearecapita stables and eatdoor ofices. with a gcod supplyof wvater, productive walled garden, with greenhouse, grapery, forcing house, orchard, and nicadowr lanid, in all about aeren acres, with the optjon of having l1i more. he proprty isheld of DulwiclaCollege loran unexpied term. of 33 Jears, at agrod rQntof £10 peranmmm The wholeis incom pleteeorder. Fther petculars may be had of. Messrs.J C.and W.J.MZeyrnOtt, solicitors, S;, Blae}fdiars-read * and particulars, vdth* oserden to ewir, of .Mfes Ellis and on. anelteneers and esats.e agents a5, Fencherrh-sircet, TtabridIge. Kent.-vairic:le Freehold enclosures of Accommodation, Iand, ClOse to the (1k,rma, School, andlin the Contra et iheo twa ot Tuabridge. ~jTSti$,NORTON, HOGGART, ina TRIST vas reoceained lotctlrma from the Executors of the lato Ytsim7usn Knox, Esq.. to offer for SALE by AUCTION, &ttha aiart,on Friday, Feb15 at 12,i Inots, THRlEE Tery raluable FREEHOLD ACCOMMODAWrON' MEA3)OWS, and two small peoes of Wood Land, kuown as House Ind Ledg and Stack-fields, most ellb)jsitate adoinng he owx beongin to the Tunbridge Be(o clsetoteh hadligh road,and fltheverycutentro the capital town of Tunbridge, in the County of Kent, the whold Ilandtax redeemed and comDrising about 15 acres, In the occupation of Sir. Win. Scale, at the yearly rent of £72 IOs butpo5eoeion wil be *re at Lady-day next. May bo viewed, ja1 particulars had at the=ts and Crown Inn TunbridIgo; of T. (0. Kenat, ETq., solicitor, Skinnera. hall, Do%ggate-hfil; of B;ooke Tunmer, Esq., solicitor, 12, Gray's-inn. Mar; ad o Atmm.Noron,Hogart an Txt, Z 0clBroad.; street, Royal Exchanlge. City ofC lodora-Very valuable *Lnd iImyotnt Freebold Property, Close to New Cannon-street and King WilH rn-street, occupying an exten- TESSR. O fOr HOGGARTe atind TRIST- .1'V hare receilred InstvUetons to offer for SAlE at the Mart, on Friday Febmuaryll at 12, in two loin, the following extremely valuablo FREIL P IEIt IES, viz. :-Lot L. A very substantial Buildting, cotuprlsing capital warehouse of four flours and baaement, with counting-houses,yard, and other conveniences eligibly situate No. 2, Martin'slane, a(joininig the Mterelhant's and Tradesoman's Life Asnasauce offime in New Cannon-street, audIo eloe'oproxlmity to King WViIthom-street and Lombard-street, one of the mostimportant situations in the city of L-ondlon. The propertybhas afrontage of45 feet,extendisin extreme depth 60 feet, andfrom its advantageous position, in el caculatedi for conversion into offices of a superior description, or foran other, mercantile pu. I ad n immrledi4te possession wl he given. Lot 2. VCry substantially-built PremIses situate No. 2, Mart.in's-la,ne, adjoining lot 1.and somewhatsimilar in description. Is let to Messr. Finehainupon lease,for atlenawhich willexpire atiladyday118, t vey nadqute enal f 16f prtnnum. At the ex- mprat adjnc Wto eIh hele ro -ti d tiuashdo Mess FeandCndslcios 2 Terieia-tt That,v,el Bro-erad-street RoylEchage daj February 1-5 at 12 in oneot VAlubeLESHL PRlEM irES, situate 34b. 25, 'Pleasant-row, PFbmoret ieendNewtown, comnprising a substantial sugar-house an aeossof six beesr, strongly timnbered, and capable ofbeinavrycsdebe weight ; couinting-house, men's room, she% and yr nlsdb od ing ga.tes,t,ogetherwithithe whole of the v unalepatndmciry erected ai a cent of several thousand pounds necletwrigcn dition, and possessing every requxiite for cryn na xesv ua trade. Itrunedlatoepossession may boea.Hl nlaefra nx ipIred teem of 18 years at a ver low rent of £75 per annum. Slay bo viewed, and particulars had at the Commercial Sale Rooms, Mlnind-f lane; of Miessrs. valIance andvsllanro.,snlicitors. Essex-street Stran at the Mtart: and of MeTssr. Norton, Hoggart, and Trist e2, OdBod atrect, Royal Exchange. Thre Cttaes,preueig£3 lO. pr yar,ana Ground Rtent, asue! by ahoue ad nsser grunr, ~oduing45 a year. IR.SAINSBURY will SEtLL by AUCTION, at kGarra-vay's. Tin nelot teaoelR EiT.situtite and bigormoooueantirowell-built cottages, Noiuat,No . 1. 2,34. and 3, Br Chesten theBeeHiv,aLorimre-oad daworth-road. odo es fra niG Particlars t hadm JofnesH an SielvestlrciEorl.. solcior18 Dovystert stret Borough;' at a-wy';adat 89, London- road, iorooueh. Teen Leasehold Houmse.-To Capitalists and ot'hers M .SAINSUR wvill SELL by AUCTION, at AG arraway s,or Tuxesday ijFeb.ur 19, at 1, TENM substanilandi adwell-built DWE MIG-HOU SES situate anod be2i3, Nos 31daBur Cheser-eirae, andaoet-roa: hld o lese fr9a ~mepRath ElevenstnT-a eanehol Houelli.-TaplielFandothers. in 1R.SAINSBURY will SELL by AUCTION, at IJE.. asdayva ocniy 1tbscoat e 1, at GaraayELVin substantiath auB'ndtwel dwel-built DiLGHOiUSES with gardeind bing Nront 38l rand 319,e n( A beigNs a nd-road,stambprwel;N. 2 and H 7,8,uand 9,Wathsyears,hatoad lowey groun rhent prod Hed,ucing £ prnnm Furthr ~arti-n Forma substantial anid well-built Dwelling-houses, bendg lto heBouildin teYth Tuelsday,TFebru,'ard1th,rth-roat (or pawart,incnelaraot,th tLEASE (aou -eaPIt 93y ars unexpired atd at lo e aructneerent of THEE 9 substantioad nand wheEIphant HOUES wisthlareni. rn ner s0iituteart bringNo.--landI2 LaChol nester-ptcof an Hilhue,r ass andaustho -ntdan md wmell-bialtodweln-Thoue bweing.Caehou,seor anda Pot f Bildng end 3 fet fot n posto he eten Tver, Wndaort-rod. r pa ~ th'eo EU9 Sithferildroand----SadwllVla Leasehodbvetnofd E3taper aonnustin Ri . MIOORE wil SELL by AUCTION, at the MJ Start, on Thursday, Feb4a 142,tI intonelot TWOE DELLIGHOUSES, i Nro,. Ilcarnd3c, h-utngmsthfeltt Gepores;ilet toe mlden Bthac houe are wLlndoneDocs anodupaved ande imn pret repair.u Fix- offices, Stile-end-road. ~ ~ ofS. Y NeathoStie-ed adCmrsrcit load.-T the Dwelling-houses o wy. Str,o1 Tusa,Feray1, at 12, inthe Ita00Owel goardens, o o, 8ag band 9 ihlssr -t ee'-od h-n qnuartale£1e acrtri7ngcm groundhent£ , ah n a ir-rogon-tmedHuet ihgo a,e, o 0 otnsre,n Stpny AChurch, on the Siremrs' Comp any's Estte let atst£18, tooantr tayingo tAxesdaer b 5 yars;la grun fre1,n cont of3. h excellnt ixtre in ech ot iclued i th purhas. Paticlar ofakm dessrs.r and of weldyand onthy hoses,desiableforInvestment, we p oduin £al52g rPeryanu, aned-axhry redeem ed. Css fEgcs n rIIPL SO SORE will RDNGW SELL byAUTO,ate HOUSESainarownTh Ber-alualey Least Smith pod,soponsiof thoe mainren- domn Ctoraia-Place, No B 2eae-lls Luhadwd-ltroducin ada profito rentleal of £1 eta2l bu,temsix ers l tehussae eldrie TAnd CTaved.oFitures inluded in orero the prhs.PAstigureas of5 ,%T. O.Bakr ndth vanks coaetof the Regent's-canal-basin. ay Fbrary]. atlpuRE tuUywiL ELLEo by AUecTIOeN,]BUSthES PRJ. PEmises, bingo Luwad-at-sreet, Regent's-park THI Dargo Fbru-ha quarteringasbtrtuff,db nexendtyovewed they dnay bcefraledtheala, Hamrstnalon-iddlese,-Hamwstldd-stad. -l%RYIPAXERN is ina sttucted toprarfo SALEb MV.byA9 0IN. on the Paremse, o 1 Tusand MaUnnsrch6, Sntw omestoh,oeSody February 18,HL ESATE ont fort12,0 acounsitin of th number ctstuffia, 4,000buitfeetofwiedrespinenboar, 0os for-aelgtul andtsash door t raisesan of the hillauctioneefr.m Loard-ngoe-th,ctHaHapspea-aad near tire Euston Station.oleathe SalagoDraery-Haerashry,Lac, Sve eCaes of Bugas anda fewlboinAboflFanc Stele. TNiSRS.REN nd SN wll EL SEL byC - TIN, t teir toos, s abve,To-orriryad To-mor- 3 row,fo 50b atpnctuPAlly,SALLVAGEIDLAER, C eaOreorAF les daz.magieis seni-oater) blck leamesapr,fo Adeaides, conssting, tofw3n prin,vhted n woe4 shyawls 100oiedcsoprinte delains, 1nd piheeusprnedu milWoaury luace,.seen asesobnlwi afet li ps of fancy ntheellct,i Fmise- ndeatlocue had t th rooms.ets. JW.FAR and 'will DINL byiAUC SELL byth .Prcnuses rensises, Fby Assigneesexof Mn. H,m Blac gaer , and iih rosetof thfourotgaes nd Teihurs-dy PREMISE,bein do.2n bedgat-stge, uprdones whchet af largsuhas withi ashrtpeio ileen expeded Theya contadesing seveal,be cham bers tw lage orkroe twobchow roos (uhansmelsyadecorthed? coommhandn shMopn(ts'quare-ghalsfront,uperor mitdbt foruaehonlt Fmanlieturer, facybuisiness, orawinsurancSuie compnyveled inrithe sUk- 13lat-oe -entate Panolowrten. Mn aydsbe cviewe till tesale acdlothr Efcs,hdo h rm fW el s, fi sine R.ID.EAN IA wiX Ni SEL sbyrUCTedIONSEL byth -iiaUboNeadrs, at theiMart, on.5 theursayeMrchr modietw lOtSE. tHeL vaUable U C anHOd ESTACTS, onortpiocnsbistngof egan sub- ball-lae,dwtha. detahe stiblin dandas thergbuildings dsathe vreartad !housesaextnsiv stblg and Olthe conve then erctos, wihame sideboard, rosewoo eabriole couches sofas,and Other drawing room itaems, lzabretha aitd.-oth3erchirs, auperior tonedhicolospiano- barace ofcpital Histols Blanhe.ineaDse, Beivtise Iafla and other mpes fAmdimmende Assortmes, and m iscellaneous fecs Oroputy the daynprior pots-een haingr-sbaee intande atoth auctonersopame,t 1t7 Shcloane-street Chvelsa undom the prelmisnes.oe fsae n h rmidrfo L~~~~~~onRos 8 eadenhall-strect,;it.To eihat,thpprs,arh ormn, Bazar KepersHotldPoproietor y, Piate Failie,oadtthesligteAss~ ~ ~ o e.a immense AvotetafMelaeuroperty,o tihe princiAl Irorionhavng eennteDavenfoe t a t cnignmeudntgtoeeoloes,art mvedfro th deks deanrws ofhesale,andsthefuredmaindernfrom Clanhanssormnto.Egis ndfreg ppe Tlzradaynext Feb14,andfloings day,-boxes, writhout-tes slightes resere, udoespowe of ale,animens uvariety of rich -stCHIt; manusf acture buniy Copea avnport,her, ncuding 100nelegath dinner dessert,t, s coffee, brafat andtroplaet services, alas-g assrt mtent cofke,yric cutBoema lande atherdions,uscf nerul s andomnt2 nleverias variety, af lare essortet ofkngsh and fohrctergn papier dressig-cass, hadsomecabints, wrk-boes,proofngrepsis,tory, b alsoa lage qantty o racng O~rd ar deoterviusng games attetion samemakr, svem elgantset of lecro-latdsris,Fncad othe clcks 50ver suprio lage izoatcilos onetns duins 3 et f alean eset nve ndote cter,a r PiOad-iui.-Fush1onab,le Town Rtesidenee 3most d imably situate, being NO.0 9n the preferablo part ot Piccadhly, facingthe Greena-pa.rk. cOlmisndlng extengiveand delihtful viewsirer th Surreyhills aril MUESSRS. FA-REBROTHEMR CLARK, and LYE" To-morrow Febru0~1 LEAO Qwith0 th apjjr A,Y1,RESIENCE No. go, Pitcadilly upon axded. rendering the samo replete with elegance, comftort, an convenitnce and suited for the inmnedlate occpation or a gentle. man's fZami. The reidence is of handsome mnodern elevation,. WiM porticO 4ntrance, andecontains numerous principal and ElOndSi =bedC bew eresenn roomns, and bath rooms, elegant rseptioa 003fishsIn white and gold, anti room leading to a- corner. vAtosy, noble and lofty dining room, brmakfwst and esorIn rooms, librry,billardroo, wih ecelent ometicoffices on the base. min; hld y lasefora trm f 6 yersfrom Andsurnmcr,1854, lar,mybba ofy Mtsencrs. laebrthr Clr,na y, acatr pucaer mye intrcted oyathedwt h oe untr n lst To-morrow February l3th a 2 t arwy',t' LAEo a capital kRIUVATh RS1lENCR O .0,lre-tct,Cen daton;islt nlcsefrp,14 or2lyarsatthe rent of £250 per 3PSSRS. ~FAREBROTHir,Elrkan CLyRKo. d Y aarso Febrtliareuy bet ad; of, thielog EA oa FAuLhmotet F oSIDN ,Dc ~ t otland-pla.Ln eshl sates fr Invet4i0 eri. u, are in htlucte ndby the prpretr keL by PotAUdIor , atln term of rears a,ta ground rent. May be viewed, by cards, to be had of Messes Farebrother, Ciaric, and Lye, 6, lancater-pilaco, Strand. of whomi also particuars miay be had; and of Mesrs. Burgoynee, Clark, and Mmcc,M solicitors, 160, Oxford-street; and at Garrmway's. WVimpole-atreet, Cavendish-sequare.-Leascholdl Estates for Investment, consisting of two capital Faily Residences, one with possession, j~1ESRS FARBROHERI, CLARK, and LYE AN aeinstructed by the Proprietors to SELL by AUCTION. at Sairraway's, To-morrow, February 13. at 12 o'cloc - in two lots, TWO private RESIDENCES, being Nos. 1S andI !0 W pologtreet, Cavendish-square, of uniform and handsome elevations, recently modernisd and put into sabstantinl and decorative repair, eachbatng oac-hosesandstalin intherear. No. 18 is let on leaase or lon yens,at hel y%earl fren of£200.t simmedate poMassiessio ra bSbdePN.S2. ThREB aOTHEaReel unitR th Dueo orLand forthe, unexpired aterm ofn43ye atme cd rets.M g Ere yusl bevewd carde cotorbaot)ainabed of rSNOJ) TArbnrsegofth reCar,adey,6,Ln cstper-prlacue trand, ofyhbm loreparticular may belhad; and of Mesrs.Ba roynd- la, o bn ande elraiones,solicitors 15,n xfran -streetu Valuableanlthg LextaseholdEttsor of nve oostm en,situnote i~arse loto le Sse,frS. 1! FAsreP rta tabloa tnats ant Lhoent areinstructe bye toheirpro oSL, t(arwys o morowVeb.01, atG X12, andlt,am prevonum y duisioitposesosbepi-. su.ira dofbtao.alybn thoumt uro,sideyrwm141,a-I8 TMeanfdtrceet, under the Duke of Portland for long terms of years at ground ovate. Thoprperty may bevieweitbycards,tobeohad ofMessrs.Farebrother, C Irandye 6 Lancaster-place,Strand, of whom also particulars maCehad ,of liiees. Burgoynez, Clark, and Milnes solicitors. 160, Oxlord-istreeL and at Gairrwaya. The very Extensivo and Valuable Stock of Messrs, Makepeace and ESSRS. ~~Walford. T SS .CHRISTIE and MANSON respectfully IJ give notice, that they will SELL by AUCTION, at their great Room4 8,ing-street, St. James's, THIS DAY, February 12, And threo follown days, and on Monday, February 18, and four folo Ingdsys atl o'clock, byordler otthe Exectors of the ateMTr. WValford.the vem' extensive and valuable STOCK of ancient and modern PL&TE and PLATED) ARtTICLES of tho very best mianufacture of tMeses Moakepeaco and Walford of Boric-street, comprising, nearly 20,000 Ounces, and consisting. of magnificent salvers and waiters. sideboard and rosewater dishes and owers, tankards and cups superb candelabra, inkatnds, ommu ionpae, soupf and saucehtiengs, rean te dsES,Splate satclar,IniEsfrs and spo.NONsan revseryfryqst a goihever extenive andacaphtalwstockLobythe beTtOmodat therffield Rolom,Kng-stmet St Jpard ofahnde FentreIece at de cis, INo sty OckI1 o'fmdr th wdier GRAnED WORiKtS. of a ". Lan Fier,.P,roofmn tehoingesmet, hsamt the present time, comprising nearly the wholo of bis earliest works, in the lineet aLnd int some caises unique states, as well as proofs of his Intter workst In the choicest states, with the etchings of each plbate in different states of progress, collectedvwith the greatest care and judgmnent during the last 25 years MEay be viewed two dVay preceding, sand catalogues band. -No. IS, Rupert-street, Ilaymnarket.-Valuable Rreohold,-Unresmere, Sae. lI,R.PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, ,LJ t Garraway's, on Friday, Feb. 22, at 12, a FRIEEHOLD) HOUSE and SHOP, being No. 15. Rupert-street, Hayrnorket, let on leaso for a term of 21 years from Christmnas, 1155 at a rental of £60 p'eranm presenting a desirable opsporttmsity for Investment. Particuarad conditions may be hadl of Mlessrs Watson and Boos, solidltof4,Mogt-tet at Garraway's; or at the auctioneer's offices, King-stree~t, armmersinltla.-Socure Leasehold Investraents.-Unro- sereed alle.-To 31embers of Building; Societies, Capitailota, and others MR. PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION Alat Garraway's, on FridayF February 22, at 12, in cue lot, TIW6 capacious and well-built HOIUShI with shops, desirably situate, bring 'Nos. 1 and 2, Claremont-place, King-street, Hammersmith ; lot at rentals amnounting to £1120 per annum. Held on lease, at a ground rent. Particulars and conditions of sale of R. Clarke. Fq..q solicitor, 29, Bedford-row; at Garraway's; and of the auctioneer, 28, Poultry. lduiton-street, Dorst-oipare.-ong Lensebold.-Eligible InTestMenLt or forOccupation.-Absoflute Sale 'ithpsesin MIjR. PETER BROAD will SE!LLb UAUCTION, .tat Garrmwlys on Friday, February 22, at- 1I, without reserve, a well-built HOUSE advantageously situate, No, 99, Milton-street, Dorset-square, of the value of £435 per annum ; held for a lonig terma, at a low ground rent. rarticul=.arsan onditions of saleaof Meas, Jones and Dunster. 3. Henrietta-street, Cavendish-square; of Rt. A. Good- ma, sq, 7 Crescent, Bridge-street, Rlacfras of James Dolman, E'qa 1.4, lfodsin at GarawWa '; sui o tohe auctoioner, 2S, Excellent modem Frnilturc, Pianofortes, Chinmey-glass;es, Paintings, BEgamving, D)ecorative Items, and numecrous Effects. 1IrSSRS. OXENHAINI and SONS w%ill SELL by AE,UCrION, at their Rooms, 357, Oxford-street, niear the Panxtheon on Friday next1 at U for 12 punctusally. the excellent mnodern FUN ITURE, avdinclsudigArabiTn. fease-postf n te ese n bedding, wadobses,in drtawlefrs, absandk, drsigc als,gase,u chairsNloTcr. occsinal,adst of diNinals chimn.eyglase enloedstidebeans, curomtains Excarpets,hn ano gFlass domeCtlO on viewPedon onThursday,an mornin of2al, andI caaogr e had No.1, Caendih-aqare.Tho ease of the noble Masin,witnmeiate possession,l suitnable for Cavndhclub-houshe, public ofmpang, inrestructi ewon s fro the Execteropls tonSELL by fieaUC tIO of reception rooams, nobler dining room or library. The offices and bed chamnbers are in charater with the other portion of the house. There isalsloecapital sta,blng adjoining. As abuilding speculation thelhouse could be converted at a -1oualitlay into two, andi two others bnult on the sits of the stables. Held for a terra, at the exceedingly low ground rent of £-55 s, per anonum The housermay be viewed until the sale, and particulars bait; also of Mlessrs WVhite sand Broughten, solicitors, 12, Great Aarlberough-street (where the lease maay be in- Vected), and at Messrs. Oxenham's offices, 15, Oxford-street, near the ~anthemn No. 17, Cavendlsh-square.-Household Furniture Boeic of Plate and Plated Articles, Two Chariots. and 1fts A/FESSRS, OXENRAM1 and SONS have r-eceived instructions from the Ex-ecuters to SELL by AUTCTION, on the Prenisqes, on Tuesday, February 20, at 1I, the HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE: including a rosewoDd drawing room suite, console tables wvith noble glasses over, grand piannoferte, range of mahogany booksre, dningtabes,do. thebedchaberfurniture of the usual dea NOTION,ln, china, glas;ort,e o f plate. abou1, t 400 i ounces,oin Solvrs spoos,frks &~e.; latDHOB brtee,icuing soup3tureen1, entr17e aindonmteat.dishe,ieaur, intePerish, dofS.;ml cerellHaner of uine,tire coeharitotsa num0 erou useful.Th prdopaentyshleffects.Ma besvidewed onther Mon97yeantecedntiand mornie ofy) sante, andcatealogueshaf aWotesistsOeuh andscommecing fom,ftrhie 2t, llnearth2Panthe wol. Vaual F -leaseold Hoghuses,situaeine Houenstehotd rPim tuoe Midde Efcsex AIlESSRS. PRICKXTT and SON will SELL by AYE AUTIO a th Mat,on Fhriday. Februay15, at 12, inon lot,6 SIe valuable LoemEHOL SHOUSES beRIng TUR31E15; andpri17, mHinogn-Sredseadislo, in texparish ofaSt Georged Hanoveresquakres, i Stihe contyofganylex letdtobrespweclmd iigtablestnns ,a et bokaoutn vantogthero d1pr annurom, fntheprpet is helda pinfor the,rsiu ofa Westien,anrpertantcme ncing fscromethe 24th~ June,1827.s Therwhle-tppe propert his ,lsubet,oan anne uualgoudt rent ofqu31tls. To b view the premie aypplyr to the sle,n ctenantes, obainedfornfuther particlase tod tof Messrs Prickett undt Bon. auctioneers and valuers, 4, Southampton. buildings Chancery-lane. and Hlighgate, Mfiddlesex FNeo.ld,aork-lace,holdgEstat.-atEnui Housy iehol Pumi-greeand i'ESSRS. PRICKETT and SON wreillstreLL by L SELLb AUCTION, bydietino the Ex o eutrix,ao thepreises,t No.uat, Park-place,Highbury, nTusay.otoFiebrudary21ad1,ingLenLts maghogany bestads,2p.o Vanexe ltllent o l;-wncd wadonFcble, oakmpons Rutland-gate. Hyde-park.-Excellent Residence let at a low rent. huE W. H. HEWITT hns receivedx instructions to .LV S ELL byAUTIO N, at th e Mart,e Tu es day, Februnary 26,~ at 12, a capital MASION, being Ne. 1, Rutlandt-gate. Hyde-park, containing elegant drawing roomsx, dining rom,' capital hibrary, numerous bed chambers, and the usual domestic offices, together withi four-stall stable and double earrisgo-houso. The premises ore let on lease to T. IL. Aude o t the very low rentof £225per annum. Thepprtyhlibferalog term at a low ground rent. Plarticulars wIth conditions of sale, maybe had atthe Mart ; of Messr. Merriman and Dunning solicitors, 25. Austinfriars ; and of the auctiuneer, 1, Hart-. sfireet,Bombr-qne Eligible Leasehold Lrwr&tment, near the Palace, Pimlico. iIRW.H HE IEWITT haa received instructions to AL SE-LL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, Februar 20, at 12 o'clockr, in one lot, THEREE substantially built HOUSE,wt shops situate and being Nos. 7, 8, and 9. Itanelagh-streect, Grosvenor. plae,in heinnedatviiniyo Bckighm alace The premise areett ecelentteant, t rntaamuntngto £178 per aunum,and. hel diectfrm te MrUsa f Wstmnstr.at a eroud rent, for a perm rsi holtnat, and i partiLacular, wsae%inth6cni ~pulonusihbouhoodclose upion the new street from tbo Dock to e rentalapproacingu£200 r annum i%JESSS. ERRNG nd (3 axe voured with Y E. ntructions to SELL by AUCTION. at the Maat,on Wednes day, February 5,0, at 2Z in three lots, valuable FtEEHO n, adpr LEASHOL, PEIISI?. z coinp rsng bacon stavres, p revision ware. houses stabling, &c., in Grey Eaigle-street , let to M. Rtoger at. X£I0perannam; manufacturing predmiss with warehouses, and two large and convenient dwelling-houses, with a frontage on Great Fearl- stret; o, 5, et n lese o Mssr. Mllsand Sullivan, at £42 per annm; nd o, 6, o Mssr. Beokanand Hence, at £35 per annu alo, lofyfrehod waehose,in Lttlo Pearl-street. a Non. I and 2, Gren lkan-lane, Ilaingtn, coetSubpa'-5al IL RoBibi BL. b1y AUCTION at the IVIMarton Thursday, March13, at inoncIoa amAli - HOLDP PtPERTY;ccomZrisiagNo,Ind.reian-n. sn. at rents producing £40 a yeaLr, and beld for 73 lears ne pl= a a groand rent, of jC Ss. a gx a b-uviewad znd irartjemuslad at thAji1iitsJ n;of owrwod solicitor,Ely-place; at the Mfart; Snd t Er RobI&AoMfces Covent garde. The l'rlnoee' Head, 2ocEdngham-atrcc,Srn.-nIpoe Itent of £49 ayear, ciearfor2l years, witls'eesinrher'f3 yean' when a premium or a 3nuch lagerretlmyeeiene. M ELR OBINS in imstructedt EL byAC m ~~~~Mact,on ThursdAy, arh13, at 2 n! PROVD RET of£49a year. most Amply secured for27oa,a premum hvingbeenpuifor the present lease, of the Prino'Had a lrened re pulichoue,2, Buckingharn-stroet, Strand,. obin tia huse cntanIg vrygood accommodationfotabsns,ih Ua furhr oernod3 Rea nt, of which large pLreium,o anu inca-eae theoa maypo b relied uon.The prpry icssr hieldfr tn uexpirent terdm o O aat ta ground ramenth ofw 0ayern thexnsvrier freontarent at th AutheM=on = M ar;ada r.hR13,nat s fice n Conenlt,t-grden - able GRtOUND LAE,beld unilerthisee of Canterbiury at anominal ret,9 years being unexpired. producming n improved ground rent of £10 ls.ay'ear,secmuedupon the extens cc, inpo.tant, andsubgtanti'al crenmiseorin the workshops of Mesesm 1'1 r, the well-known estaln gnimofatep osabeth ionig.iNw-od m MedstlyopOBISiteth insetfPrliament, havngbyAlUabTION,a to the rivr, t,ith Tharfageth estimated annua ul lesof thn enptrle offrene be inugL ma7e0; pretngvat montsteigible ad oli FRvEEtHeLD aRtEnas,Dg o wit mrou ovninnd pls l orady2 dasia prioetr, andeary badsit ato the church, iinateo Wessrsdt Forde and abon,ulctos henri.m efasreet,o rCoven t-arden;a TheW Mrit; andth atir.i e knobwn, th1cr Weybrim adre gmrrey.ptsFeho die nAldirectionseeos winth rstngandsoeer beautdivel winh fot,e peveri-eandigcamo ktchen grdvenr Thameh-housea htalng. An mmdedtaed podesrpion,o hsdarbeprpLyw hrl bIIvnI in tb enime aprivate on frpart.iculpmenoity eEmade to A esr& impon Thursmoda, Apriliu 19, at12enletasts an tabledishsquFre;anto Meat Robient, Panda tent-gniacaractr,nerl ellomnDgraver,th ndrivses inou allds oirein motinterv aestn. n dishsqure aonds toP. oinszz aua, Covent-garden . nTirdynx,a 2 DRAEnuneol FOreig Cigas wel mtrd, anof irsit-elfsnuerousli evieth Mlart, TiScudn Dan (Tegraday andrGiday ncextrt 12 gnined OlD li FOREGNVl CIGr, tof ta eryL superioard comarisynd favourtefOO DrapsofSUery and numloelneus Goodsfore ureSe rtiedsal. MIjESSRS. ROBINS wilreL byoue AUCtION intutin toSY Tb UCI.N,a their Rooms, iiarn Covent-garden, on Tisslynx,a 2 Vrednehslarebsp uares 400 satls2,37 a tembroied aetidfes,dohmtable R CvErs aof cae andA collars, 170D douneg bonnilet lincldngsn tedgmgs lavdig silkndties, silk andlae mantles a ool siebrvalts printed cahere dress picbed1alpaardittotnentre musloring enp ees,3 dsoupenvis 8,790 yardes,o ealng-Cnets, 0roleman lin tabendress cravts wwariengappnel cloth, puns,e and numeros althcoers, n uanresoere sale.Ond view,bl waiervse of laxtejg, includinglan glegn Sivr Gl serte Servie,d bande sallp theclen'lsvls borthle stab(le and rieboe ael,tnard, comisnRaot .0 ounes ofSilvr an nuerou hansomePlaed rticl tkies. ors to ELs-y CIO, t her oos,inCoveNt-ardn,o Wedesdy Fbrury 0, t 2. n eteniveandfasminbluet SEnd- Itloiang Mappnaer frtetble animd sideboard elgatents,recpaeau with chsdfgr=raet uprigbsits, soup an uc t Sel,enr absserol and vegetabl DIshs withtwarmesyn plathes,rcandlesticnd boranches, ton sidneboadlamp, saFebruay2, and waier, 0ITLIAre jugs,icBe pals gbeYtPE Cret rm, butiprtead basoet finers soon, ork, ldis, iler-iltdeser sroioeso kniCves,foks arndh sapoos eragiettles adelms,gsI stea and coffee qipa gesd, suarerased cak b rskets, inktand convaimte canlesik.iufr n prior.Caalogues and00 wiseektpreious at heoffcs nCoet NIXSSR. RBIS wll ELLbyAUCTION, athi thei Roos, iars Coentgardn. an I Chdny,oebrar t!lh a m[akers)n Salee dit to,r prlwatedgoods clcs,r. HOnGview athrseeway Fprir.iiazra 2,Cetirdn -ILtalia varuble Chmney-ieces, andAtp labaste Ornaments,O roueeintl imortedr Stuabs work Vhei ceebarbed Sa ls ofavarieyofSat,tequarlyan renown mitary.soiso hlee b oi Wre fTodr tho,leirt Romst, Catin Covent-grde, Sa onednsa, Fbruary Hoo, ath Flourence;d sWvriety of pleasing vase and Feigure, sculptured iniahlabs toer.o presetn bAustifule Oriaentsl foracsooir the drwnom beut 40ve tosttay blac and geold, and veinS 0 marlL oe'hinoeyice,i orde fortab fixing; celabratety nof slb of veninomrbl -ofpr usefultsies. Ont vie tmeoidaypro, wit catalogues, at the frauction rooms,inar CoventFregn,ch omaerhagigs rChadesgase ind saeetinan loc,wt odr citonveoen loin. 1%iFESSRS. ROBfNS OrillnSlL byous AU tIoN atL precisely FRENCH IAPEI1HAIGS recenly tmported,ne and 1~[R HOOSON wll SEL by AUTION,i athis 2-.The Rmiselasu bok o Prsclatssial, historical,an ofther orks beig th dupicates wee, of thMLbaryl ofe ethre HoIJnonebi ocetyf te MddlTMAPlS Tobto voiewed and ctalogDfuesiohad f SaI Lieray Popoty*Ey r. DSteel Patehs andtew lopc of Fleet-sreet andibChancer-lne onTusy T HEOtaDardN Noves ancivd Romnsrcst1i ons. wimthe Po toftheeaubeCoyihs Staereotypbe Polate, and 80000 volusmes in clothc AUderNir this famost seres contains, tin aditeionR.. tonnn cotherpopular works,etadhe clb ante.fe tovelST of arryatthego teual renowtrned miftr6r storiesofmiptwell Cthlgecoistre of thzthEIdbtore Hoo8a, 4vlbert Smith Captain C thmer Same Lover and To Hood.the. unsurpased stoies ofheC; Sct.chifge byuriss oen-Irn the Exinimitable151 tovsl30aofpiesAstn thaw r0ropienslrof acsf mr the baaogead eeo tsnofJriel of Miss Flagewoaprt, ip4thegThefu stories of LadbDcrh the bestIdi produc andatle eclebrate novelaso Fanimtro Cooper, The WalternSott ofth Aerilca is . CataWlogue drwillo bei forwarded wrontappicaiong,a itr Hodso, a utpcrne of Chancery-ane anod Feet-isoftreet ms.it t The valuable Woofua the at.siencstrmanudfactaouresC,ntol of thoGetrm fomatR.aconmigtheaNowilluSlLc lbray arcetiOic insthea above sate go earl Ine Mach,othes whole ofte valhuabt ancop ortigia engDCngs, ab reuit engravbued, bythe veammgr outla,rie Ofuctialq, theseriptivalubl and mteraiesCtanvloumes.ormnga theyEhbto dof 181 cos- rgiemoinamltlc- of teWoXsubjetAs rmbalabranchso the rartsbl yand ences, do. Catalogues arenpreparing. to fvourMr. Fodgso wthousgandOrigna nooofnts. sal, ontanig Oul hatiuars rcivdo fonwtrdud.tiostor SeL byrTO, thi nwRom, h corner of Fleet-street and Cacr-ae a-2,IM RandinG many of lretsie, catd (atl adjveryg grea coust)horh andctoreiatiescoitngf illustratons oemot,oF tnhe drem pDrabt bevsents adurn beveral y ofrs, awella hitiairurobs, vifewso clities, nolesme and ghentsulemn' oeas and submsects dofntrahitoriTaky. Thles Remaieinn.glastos.wt then Stee Pzfmoelates;noprgt of thoie Mapsofl th Society for aothe0 Diffumeon of UsfuKowlmedbge. byto? AUolCotIN anther firisteki Misares, Wrs the entre herAIN IGsoOCK of the bMAPdUos;ie of the Society,for tire Diffuiono Usefl Kowldge toethe wih te 22 SeelPaex n h Copriht Tes mps av benenraed t vrygratex and GeIlp This trull' exquisite church ornament is embellihed with 1,000 precious gems. diamonds, rubies, emralrads, eapphires. chrysolytes toaes, jacinths, &c. 40 set of church Testments and 12 copes of cohof geld, silver lanma, velvet and silk, of the various colours, ornamnented with rich gold taco ard cmbroidery, albs and serplices, some of them trimmed with point lace ; the fittings of seven chapels,* comprising altars of jasper, verde antique, Sienna, and other rare Italian marbles rich tabernacles, massive brass and other candlesticln, altar rails, platfomis seats, Ac., exquiste carved ivory crucifixes, agte rosary mountbd in geldl, formerly belonging to Plopo Plus VIth Line-toned Oner organ, by . Bishop, London, small finger organ, four pianofortes -museum of viaturAl history, collection of gold, silver, and copper coins and medlals. cameos, intagl-os, three gold watches, two billiard tables pair of 25-inch globes, excellent atlas printing press. with founts of type, Uc. complete, powerfuil durst-class fir engine,with hose, isteno figure-, vases ornaments of grounds, iron railing, hurdles,&ac., gasometer with retorts, purifiers, audElpesleadingto andin th house and colleges, with chandeliers adre complete, andl a large'sasemblage of misiceiaeuso perty. The whole ofwhich wilbe exhibited to public viewvtheo ays prrior to sale. Admittanoe by cataloguLes only, at 2s. Cd. each; or by post Se, which will admit three persns, and may be obtainedat the offices of the auctioneers, 20 and 21, Sontbgate-street, and 3, Terrracewalks, Bath; Mr . Fars 4, Clare-street, Bristol'I Garraway's Coffeehouse, London; M1r. Spreas, 229, HiEgh-street, kExeter ;and at the of sle. Pxir-p is situate ~onemile from tho Great Western PIanofortes by Mroafwood Collard and Collad, -Womnum, X".k JR. SCOTCHR*i L yAU-CTIONW at the- ,LJRooms 21, Old Bodsre,Pcail.To-IQDrrW. PRrumry.13,atI fur2 up wardsOf4neanseodhn LI FRTsb Broadwo, Vollar,ed te mietnkes ncuigndgn6 octavo rosewood grandyBrdw d,adasldidobectn barpby Erard, haeonusyAende c aloavrtyoohr musica intrenens en hesoko useolr emvdfrcn TvAntence sale., Mybucetadyre n onn ao Catclogeshad at teroi n fteacines 0 otmr fft ia-seer, 3nA. EGOOD aiinouicees t'hat t'he elegat REST-. DNCE and FURI1'rrUREA 17o 10 P'or id-plic have b6 s SOLD y PreSlO tiatOm als S. Itasfiekldstreet, 7?, Has the f thMc l icateMs~lsQr Ii 0vendieb-squart'. M .ELGOOD, hain nELL tiatd the Mart, n.1th o)Ia1ETh RoNTA, ofisrutdt a nnut unee fortI SAlE,=ir0a 1ron an from, the Ncaitroal Yodkemt RC,IiIt faspcosrcj5 in Hat rstree t nairm th eluare (th peprc fagetea caned,) winthd paioa rticluarl we retsn, ofwih ae.clawib shortly andoune5L-9, Wimeyold autir ffcs,SWit,l,tr Elgil Inet',art.-The annopuit focimt3' yeaunrs:5,i5ys Al ofer or imedite ELL th t theW MurtE of thisoau ablandnteedigPoPEabou £10uper anum,werdsfived rom an Arcers Loge,inwi staballs 22, fot by am0 four, An ther seonda Xo browl theNeowradk, aork-a bate,i nakwt heful lana dial eiefra vila ahect, ftorosa recaslg erm at eidght yeara an grorundretf;orl5 yea andt a grommidsronteof ot Woids, :andlo bore7 4 oonseltedro at a1bu pde annuem. Preinted Ortdcuar ate vrepwin, an. bhe aofbsahle will. Mhoor, Luyine annon di5 eWamtolagtent.9,Wtnp"T tr. BgnVs-park.-hehadse andopelitibe Rsoidety' Gr Jounds,u t ro R. fR.ELGOOD is instructed to thELL Coattee Mtpd AS,offe for I unledit viALF thelCRO y prEaSe coftat thisvan fable ond itheresing repctOblitT1~' eeunpbyiuuards fcenareasl. sltusit. coseto, andasoregronds beruberites Parked a=.s gardeng the, wdi- -ho Aichers' odge, iner aroc leaghal bed fetoyoms e and & %roo%nther oms, brand terraeowalk,tanleHl bieautiofu law-a adirableo siteonrs estate hedfor ae remiin ens egtyears , at alo ground rent of =th £13ua1valu and the C Mayoseor oe Twoods,t. han e tontented for gray a build. Elgod, uctoner ad etat agpoenst. 5,Wmet. ret Th-e-paack ltTll handsomand5 elnsigele Itrt,rdeeeofrtohnd-il API 001D is instructed to SELL, at b 7athe' thI. Pon ,u (unlem dreioeyspold ofby privato Contract),)ts cepitl bow-frenCA& RoIfNE auprirangD frutor an amedegt-eiso, fnamialy o the lretrspdenctabigenlemty,ofarinabl and centurc,ally.stitutp lofhse to,elandicty bten the laeBrzlark a1ndr squhare franingte adl`40tthrisnaseob7tebRe aredeghndt bedroos and atresin romdith goesto rueaetiongroom, 0 t,the2D ualibdarysti0 oftices, an, egctellent rosioum,. andl17 t drcEMegaroom.bl c..Hel duire of thre Bishop or ondf onms esate feor nea rly iSOyc, atwaow gWriounbd chrenteof £2bovte annualuvalu beingh 21 waroineas May eviewedlor an neost Wciated acr bf apltoM atie at a .Elodstoaile,9, d Wlrme poolte e -t esitreet.-v Tndhe fery caiaasixhre,ton 5,rrapMansed-sreet, PortlHend-plase o1r.gnlla o ELOO ieas isrce oS, at theTfi et.adrnwl theDkeo FortlTnd LEApply to tagreu en.) of, tWespalensandvcs. Vxcllento RroeSrtyC ofspror Ivtmn,roomistmuetlo Gndareanorsuare. threia nol rai an rntaircase wihum,ds dto of alonre.._ aneain rom, 0 t. I 20, ltrar'2 ft.y 20etleEeman'rsro, Of ft b 1,Folre VauAgnrom ew, asuIt. dofthee, lety L dat tne Mroom sum reteom cs, td sores Nof bed chamers aboovtet r10m nnmberl. wooith aiwter-cosetenarveuxre wioor a post convenietz wet ofk dometaste3 and cetabwith atsttbe adepal srmeet bl of the Martquisiptof irWestm ai origfna26learse foatyagro, tLudrtroiggrondlrent,And ErenewgleorI the Durepof toonland, Aply to ltts% Elghod, 9, Wmple-streento. Vaual Wproperstyroet Investment, Bro-tee,Gono-qa No. eucin axf ne-t ret-itntal ed1reie of theyr num frEdosre An Rf. ELGOOD is disructed by thanounecutors ofli Colne VaAeEAgner, rylivt. eeonased,toefLL,atel thev Mutblera -EAS orlntbe LbantEHOL andcomanEdingPREMSES, the Opacous s fashInabl tow resdenc, No32, owerdrso-street). one of tand Impr ortn iSacarof atGrod Rents ad ImprovendRentosLthBoprought for' thLwolerm. Roerta netmoren dof LOed.annm,3 periantepamt are ion Mearat,on.tndewillybefreadylwhen othe dayOfN saeisaNM o of. -98, WMpole- "ftreet, ebary' upnh1. i mfr-src&. hedof 13,Oford-trtnanDiat a gpeppero Premises1 ofe theim Efgis 52ncxEI Fpnmerelgn EustosanuaCompany, remopngtea-oad,heldcity. Southamp Gon OD soisr renarectX edr announce for p0aTrubli ,aluabSLE sportly, or byPivaeoul Cotract immdney the viyra,andhluablE LheASEt of Lo hndsome a rnda ommani e ngnutm (groun 13n, Oxordsreets)between1Hoyeer-stup et an Oldg Csate,aloindlth-tee) onre of thesl CdwrdstCuc,Eacr rs, and adoi105teionperems. annow lfersIGo yealey Up Thouei grond adoorinin2fee deer,rwitht aomn elean -late-glassfrnts h therie oa exelenrcidneoA goodele ranwoltF es. Hedfr$ thGresentvaneu beingm50gunveastmrntannum, onthovewd,any IlIB. ELG.OD isHM a ecie instructedtoSELatthsAc ?&V.Lron athe on the-daylof Aprlil. inth los,tIo iND J.NT Movel the city0 Lonon Maro redntlof£,6 perlanumy2,z i~nd aDnd othe ruein,Eo 12bers,k uil DWLareINtte adjoinin tac continngeiChtpl Grenwiah Kew-ont-Compacontoanvestmentand otfor ther Couunm. FG.DEBENHAAM a rewie instry UCtin toSEL b AUtIN ato theart, on WednesdaFbary 2, Feh2u. 1the 3, aOLTE1. compact.on -h brisk-builta FREEHOLD7 DWLL andOUE ita gaVOrden, 8-c., knHownUsENo.7h.Green-ane,(frmrl Iloyl-hill,) Greenwich, Kent modperately esimtd ltto pr.oduclanet groenta of le12 per anmParticulars on the presmiss at the Mar rto f G. essrs. unewbon,. 2NEvans,and,sebe. slctr,I adoe-lc,Deoa-omn Rf.F. G. D)EBENHAM WillsEL yACI teesa the Mart, on AUedINesa, attebMamt ny2.a1,inoelt room, wth god ardnsbcks and Biront knwS sN. 1,4 n S J.hel C. aSeTh-EadVhedNpo leaseEL for AUTIo OXycat;thepreigsgesat theonrt:and oft0. K. Dodd,t jodn.. Esq soicto,. F8 ewbroay1.ad-stpreet; and ather DLeMONhaofics 60M, ICheapsd ensa ew-owu-Evesq., toS. an fnetPendtiono£2 ODeptermannum J:IRF CI. STEVERSHwM SELL SL hy AU UC-X LVI. TON ti thea MrtDn, on, WedngStesdytebr, aWt-tdC'1 the AB. TWO rickbuit HOSESwithshe,s,kw pas A uimbr Cottaes,Ke.- reTof £paU Cannum.st and otetoMrs.-RLlings,egocer ostastor oSiTc A1,1ars t,ne renta pa Pola, NewBra-t.;wnd cat Mr,ebbm's, agncyod e.0Cepie welytenant-s,reat- maning orne emeswtpoeson M R.F.G. DEBENHAMis instruced say inhesTrust tees toBO w SELL b y AUCTION, at the atGnWdnsa,Fb 20 at 12,theonThmsdanti3ally-hil and cmmaning PREMISES, witahl plat.e-gLasDf anSDEhndESome s 9 entane;omrisng No. 314,degent-pa stret, a thecornr o Litle Prtlad-sreet pequablly adaptedfo a. prlivatenrpesIec r ftret bsnest ph Curpose;bldi upnLeasehford abouLt a Tos unexpirMed,hanasgrounldere ntdoft£8 pRan quiriMynb vpaiewed adprteicua,hdotormss t h at fJhTite STENEBNS wil SELL by AUCTION, at hr itae ~Rofom, ' 1.wKing x h hrb pe-street, Coenicr of the lte V hing,om pae-q.Flas. irnt suop,clondition, ocoptea landa Ltidmperyard frmahoganeo (some tofphc are ineant inchoot rDbinet biurdl elsacinlofro utralia,sanda fworkshos egutigs.hMayse 'wiewedonuthe Sap priore endcmorning of s ale: e,ladfortalogngeersha ersudx.. Apaaus.cNatnr l.Histoa InsrmensCuiitie, o IVJ athis gEat b R CU,atter mtIoom, 381ig-tet9Cvnjsee'n rdy ela,tingfarcapitaledoule-bafeltai pmpowth, apparg tu by ECTOllins plateIan 6cyienndereetia machine ns, bjclstsfruetheo maicouscoe kdisLesonsigc mewisfedorthesraslesbforlanterns,dseting and 6tinst.m foessil,eriedpans modrnHousrteholiaberoitrgan (pay 30 taeneCsl,and & of sale,and catooguesaa w 'MAR JNEWEN DWSOL ! SELL by AUCTION, the IIont, on Thurnesday. March13aLDA, at 12,i1n o, SIX sbtantiaclleyr brick-uitUHUS= Nseo., describe, anCT-odno-see,t. Lheo1utrd's-roatd, PoparNiew-twn and Sutoak.I,ndu ros and auto flaett pUilromp-aigh weekl,tean9, atrnsamutn to£3_fs e nnm poetinstDat witinadrshort distanecerof tHeeerEs, t.Idara,a caitalatatlrg remns: iv inerst Maytbhiewe. PanTicursachad. 1,at the Mart;iatlthe Coxers ethe he o a 4FRPer,y and, atoth aurctione' blaick and,o Chuch-o,Upe,cr-pstret hoslnCton.0eg0e haemasheholds-Brudn vewl-plce, ewd ort-road Hoton.4-Then C Rgeal 'PI1 EWEON wisircedt SELL by AUCTION t th uponMathePeie, on Thursday,Mrh3,al,i twoaar los,TaItE32 citno LEASEHiOLD REIDENCES, cno.sin9. l0lands an,rdbeddil-plchte.. NfdmewNrt-rad, Hotond,c,dhing the oepthio of respectblefften'ants-a fote, propertys, situate within2 fenderuts' wna lk rcthe Ban,iomn-- vestment oreocupaitehionagl-c. May be viweb ermisio oth eomnantof P!.;and cutlogus had at theMat; keof Thus. Lot F-o1q., tt3, Bow-ln. Fine Ash, Elmi, Oak, and Walnut Timber. M.HENTRY NSEWSON will SELL by AUCTpION, on Everett's Farm, Hlawatead. on Friday. February 22. ONE HUNDRED and TEN capital TLIIBEHS, viz., 36 ash, 41 elmi. 10 oalk, end 21 walnut. The trees are particularly wosth the attentioma of the public, being of large dimensions and ~flne quality. Hewstea&. is three milesfromn ury St. Edmxund's. Cataloguesmasybebhad ofthe: auctioneer. Bausy St. EdImunds. Hlghbury.-To IroamnongersGasfitters, Builders, Families Fumishing,. and other .. jp-BILLINGAY vill SELL by AUCTION.-with'- (out Teserre. ont the Premises, 2, Han,ilIton-terraco oppTsile ther Barn Hotel. Higlhbury, To-mnorrow (Wednesday), Feb. 13. at 129 for !- Aatauned, Wadlironuseds, table and pockThment,leb.1y Ha tr Sh2feo'pat,lock e,el,ona hfwinges, wrogh acm1 utnil bath,m hogay-opconteYr,dshow-eae,rfudnuerous Cloth .1- be ieed,anenaloue lad n hepreiss;and atE the ofics e
