BAILWAY INTELLIGENCE. LONDON AND BLACKWALL. The report of the di-ectors of this company states that for the half-year endingthe 30th oEf June there was an increase of 2,1491. in the receipts from passenger traffic, over the correspondiag period of 1855. The number of passengers conveled was 3,563,680, and tho receipts amounted to 4,02L., againBt 3,025,686 pasaWers conveyed at the corresponding period of 1855, and -ol,8741. received. The inrrease in the receipts from the Tilbury and Sotthend Railway amounted to 981., or 46per cent., the traffic from the Esitern Counties line has trebled, and that fromnithe North London gave an increased receipt of 5651. The Victoria Dock traffic, i'ic Blacwall, has produced 9851. The total revenLue, with the balance of- 235. from the last account, amounknto 37,856!., and deducting the expenditure; 17,0131., which includes 3,6111. for taxation, there remains a profit on the workingof 2D,8421. Against this sum 4,3621. has to be charged for interest on debentures, leaving a balance of 16,4801., which - enables the directors to recommend. a dividend of 3s. per share. The branch line from Bow to Barking will greatly facilitate the working of the Tilbur1y and Sothend Railway. - The directors are informed that the line to Woodford and Loughton will be opened in the course of the present month, and that it is the itention of the Eastern Counties Company to avail themselves of the Fenchurch-street ter. milnus for a considerable portion of this traffic. The directors recommend that the existing shares of the company, which are of the nominal vliue of 251., but the payment upon which, owing to the several issues of shares at a discount, aserages 111. 6s; 3d. only, should be converted into stock at 101. for each share. The effect of this will be to make the nominal amount of capital upon which dividends will be payable 1,111,9001. when the shares are allfullypaid up and converted into stock, the actual capital being 1,266,0001. The capital account Bhows that 1,581,6451. had been received and 1,707,68!t. expended, leaving a balance against the company of 125,9237. UlSTER. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on Wednesday at Belfast, Mr. W. J. 0. Allen in the chair. The SECBETAEY read the report, an abstract of which has appeared in 27e Times. L'fhe CI,U5 zna , in moving the adoption of the report, entered into a statement with a view to show the necessity for the proposed reduction in the amount of dividend. He stated. that the rolling stock was quite insufficieut for their increased traffic. The waggona were much depreciated in value, and the cost of their renewal must be taken out of the traffic receipts. Additions to the worling stock, to meet the requirements of increased traffic, were usually paid. for out of capital, btit if they did so thev would be putting it in the power of the present board, and7of their successors, to injure their property to an extent that mi-ht come to be very serious at the end of some yearsn 1e found, from former reports, that in 185l the amount of capitat expended ou carriages and waggons was 62,5041., and rom the date of that report up to the correspondinperiod last year about 20,000l. had been expended m additions and renewals of the rolling stock. That was about 5,0001. a-year on the average, and only one half of that sum was char,ed. to revenue account, or rather to the reserve fund. He might mention that during the same period 19,GOl. had been paid. for the renewal of the permanent wvay, and that toobhad. been charged to the reserve fund. Although the rolDing .stock might not have been increased the eitent that it should have been, still, the parties in charge of it, and the directors, had shown that rhey were not unmnfaul of the necessitg of a verg considerable outlay on that account.- Captain GeAY thought that the explanation of the Chair man did not excuse the directors for allowing the rollin stock t enthe depreciated state in wich they said it was. re contended that tho additional stock required For the incresed tic should be charged to capital, and not to revenue. They had. commence a goods traffic of 400'. or 5001. a-s eek with a c.rtain stock of w iaggons, c, and the business had gone on increasing to 700r c or SOl. a-week, yet they endeavonr-ed to carry it with the same numbher ofwaggons. They should have provided additional waggons as the traffic increased, and. nut have, comeo-- forward. as they now did with a proposition calculated to alarm the shareholders bt reducing the dividend from G per cent. to 4 per cent. on the ground that a large portion of the net revenue was required to increase and renew the rolling stock. Their engineer had told them that an addition of 6,001. a-year to the reserve fundwould be sufficient tomeet the increase of traffic - but it appeared to him the directors wished now to lay by 12,0001. to nake up for former errors at the expense of the present shaeholders. On the motion for the adoption of the report, a long discussion took place in respect to the dividend of 1I. per share recommended therein, and itwas suggested that one of 25s. would put an end to the discussion. . Mr, KInk proposed, as an amendment, that the dividend bo 25s. per share, free of income-tax. Captain GRAY seconded the amendment. On the motion being put, the show of hands appeared to bo against it, upon which a ballot was demanded, and the result was a majority in favour of the 25z. dividend. Messrs. G. Greer, J. Gray, F. Watson, and G. Pim were elected directors, and Mr. J. G. Bell was re-elected auditor. The proceedings concluded with a vote of thanks to the chairman. TRAFFIC RETTURXS. Me3 Pas- her- TotaL Total Railways. open. sengemachandise. 1M5G. 185s. Week ending July 31. Maria Antonia .. .. - .. - . - -- 258.. 3 Week endb3s August 9. South-Easterm .. ...- .. - .. - .. 25.251 -. 24,160 London, Brighton, & South Cos. ... . ..1 17,7:5 3,203 -- 20,9M3. 20.004
TIM IRISH COuRT oF CwAncy.-A large bl4.ebook of nearly 400 pges contains the Report of the Select Coomnittee of the Hiouse of Commons on tne Court of Chancery (Ireland) and other collateral biDs. The com- - 3aittee renort their opinion that it is essential that the constitution of the Court of Chancery in Ireland should be altered. and its procedure and practice reformed,-that a' court of appeal inChancery should be constituted, to consist' of the Lord Chancelor, and an additional judge to be Lord Justice of the Court of Appeal, with power to the Court to callintheaid of a Judgeof one of the courts ofcomnmonlaw,that all appeals from orders or decrees of the Master of the Rolls and all rehearings of decisions of the Lord Chancellor - should be determined by the court of appeal,-that the? Lord Chancellor, Master of the Rolls, and Judge of the Court of Appeal shonuld be afred ith extensive powers to reform and creulate the prtotice and procedure of tlhe court, eo as to attain economy, simnplicity, and expdition, and should be bound to mrake general orders accordingly,andthat the appoinment of raceiverashouldbe odiscouraged. The comnmittee further recommend shat the Ecrumbered Estates Court be continued for one year, and that appeals from that court should lie to the Court of Aps l inCancer, instead of to thIPria y Covncil Therac e ano of opinion that the system of conferret an indefeasible title on judicial salesof encumbered estates nIreland should boperpetuated, that the benefits flowingefroemthit system should be ext tended tohnencumnbered estate, and that a tribun4al oui"t to exist in Ireland, having powecr to confer an indefeaeiblec title on the sale of estates, the titles to which, being spbmitted to a judicial investigation, should. be found satisfac.' towas Nline Witnesses wero examined before th comrmittee, and their expenses amounted to 154! oferssngo OF THE PRESS me Scomn'th -0on fliday a meeting, chiefLy of gentlemen of the Liberal party, wtas held in the Waterloo-rooms, Edinburgh, for the purpose of expressing practical- sympthy with thWe &otsinan news- paper, in regard to the verdict of 400. dimuges obtained:-.inrst it for defamatione at x the instance' of Mr. Dufican l'taren, la Lord Provost of that city, under cirofmt' stances stated in 2lie Mastes bf Mlonday last. Sir William Gibson Craig, formerly MY. for Edinburgh, who presided,said that the meeting had been called to protest against the: verdict in this case as one highlyinjurious to the freedom of' poLitical discussion in Scotland. The remarks of the &cotsnan, he said, had only been free, bold, and open commnents on the public conduct of Mfr. M'Laren. in tahkng part with the extraordinary coalition with which he then associated- himself, there being an express reservation again any imputation being sa p osed to auply to his private character.. Tho words founded on had been t sed iri the beat of an excited contest and amid reat provocatioll, and if it was in future to be held that such conduct of.-such public men was not- open to such commnents there was an end to all freedom-of political disaussibn in Scotlhund It would. be impossible to express contempt at political apob;tsy, disgust at abandonment 'of principles, or indihnation at any coalition, howover disreputable, vithout tho dager of being brought before such a jry. - e trusted that by the exhibition of practical symapathy they should. now make they wrould convert the defeat of the &oScsMan into a triumph, not only for that paner,. bt for the liberty of the prss throughout the- eounnty. Resolntions wore--mov -protesting .gainst the verdict, and originating subscriptions to -;q the daunages and expenses of -the action. Thoe snbeonptiolc list was headed by Sir William and Mr. Adam, Black, MLP.,, each contributing 201.; M. Charles- BLaren, ex-editor, -giving 100b.- Trie damages and. costs will, it is understood, amount to About 1,0Q00,; nearly 4004, have been already eellectd5
LO2NDOZ7, '7JUESDAY1 AUGUST 12, 1IKA There can be little doubt that the result of the late war has been matte- of deep disappointment to the continental Liberals. The unhappy bands of -efugees who are dispersed through the cities of Belgiun, England, and America expected much irom the coalition against the great Northern monarchy. The minor despots were failing from the side of their leader, the Holy Alliance was brealhng up-what, then, might not the freedomloving peoples of Eirope hope ? Poles could not believe that the world was again to settle down with the Russians still at Warsaw. They looked seriously upon every move of the allies, as it had reference to strategic operations in their own country, and blamed the Crimean campaign because it would be difficult to march from Sebastopol to the Vistula. The German Liberals have ben also deeply mortified at the tame conclusion of the great drama, at the traoic soenes which are now to end with the joyous spectacle of a coronation. But from these disappointments we should have thought that Itsly might naturally be free. Those who thin'k most on this question are the most firmly convinced that the gains of Italy have been most important. True, Rome is still full of foreign bayonets, the legations are still the prey of Austrian oppression, the best and wisest of the Neapolitans -roan in dungeons, and mankind are still liable to cry wi.th bitterness "How long?' Yet, inthe position which the Constitutional Government of Yiedmont has taklen moderate men are in.- dined to see the beginning of a new period. Bvan those who generally despair of continental consitutions are nowr disposed to give VwCTr.o EnarmzmEx, his !linisters, and his LegisL-tive Assemblies a chance. He has not only promnised, but.performed. Liberalim is established in opposition to a priesthood at home, an inveterate enemy onthefrontier, andtherecog,nized-chief of the despotic Sovereigns wvithhis barbarous armies in the lTorth. The English people, often hasty and illjudging, yet not likely to be long deceived, have for two years seen in Saidinit the only centre fronmwhichItalian libertycan be extended; and this fesling leads them to take a practical interest inu -he event3 of the Peninsula at the present day. Mueh\the same thing may be said of the French. - , then, the sympathy and asstmance of these two -iations are worth having, they will be best inusred -7?yv n adoption of what may be called the Pied- -mnotes-e programme. For the present, therefore, it seems but prudent for Italian patriots to Tefrain from enunciating the extreme opinions -which found favour three years. N1. Uw-r~ has made himselft the spokesman of a moderate Italian party, and for this offence he i,curs the severest anger of the prince of democrts, z . This last gentleman's third letter appeared in our columns of yesterday. He wH anti-re rigidly to Republican principles, one of the r deeply :fixed of which is, that a lMb6ral - oiiircl i3 more subtle and* dangerous than tha civoeLd despot. M1zx- had written of TI'OPl'_EHMANUEL as a King destined to unite Ituy:. This is a hope which may posibly not ba realized, yet it is surely a natural and by no Lueans a blameable expectation.. But M1. LtAzn can pardon no one for hoping a good at of a legitimate Sovereign. His letter is entitled T he Case of Italy Stated ;" and he propds, amid mnchiangrY vituperation of his antagonist, to give his reasons for rejecting ViCTOR 1uiAwua, the struggles of the Piedmontese people, and the deeds of the Piedmontesae armies. The moderate refugee hopes that a time may come when even the K:ing of NA1rLS may be led br the force of events to practise a Iiberai policy. If the Sovereign and his people can be brought to agoodunderstanding, the primaxy rights of Neapolitans established, and subjects, on the other hand, taught that due moderation and submission to law are required even from a free people, he has much hope of Naples. Now we, who know that good govermnent is more like a plant which grows than a work of art to be extemporized from the brain of 'the theorist will be very much of the opinion of hI. xnw. But this will rot do for hI. MAzzmi. It willbe difficult, and will take time.. We might observe that all great and lasting works are the fruit of time and labour. But the democratic leader wishes for a shorter course. " Whether it would not be better to raise "barricades at once and rid themselves of their "hated Government is a question that the people "of Naples must themselves decide." So does M. MAzzr counsel the inhabitants of a great Italian State. We take this, the first paragraph in his letter, as a sample of the rest. After seventy years of unsuccessful insu3Tection in Europe, after failure upon failure under his own eyes in half the capitals of Europe, after the orgies of insurgent democracy have been followed again and again by years of despotic insolence and leaden oppression, this patriot w6uld have the Neapolitan Liberis, with King, troops, priesthood, and lazzaroni against them, not to mention Austrian legions in the background, to stake all on the chance of a street fight. All that the cause of freedom has gained by the genius of liberal statesmen, the success of a civilized alliance, the glory of a constitational 1 Italian army, and by the folly and the crimes of autocratic rulers and their satellites, is at once to I be abandoned, and the Neapolitans are to rest their future destiny on the chance of a mound of oavingstonesresistingthefireof 24-pounders. Thisiswhat is called the philosophy of Republicanism; these are the counsels given in what passes in the democratic world for noble and eloquent language. The language is indeed of the usual Idnd. ! There is the tuniid eloquence and misty imagery lo which we have long been accustomed. Italy has suffered, therefore she is " the Oasisr among "nations; shewill burst thesepulchre andrise,thus "preceding the final resurrection of nations." Pursuing the comparison, we are told she will bring redemption to the world. It is needless to say what follovs after such a commencement. No plan of action is recommended, not a single word of practical advice is given to any Italian of any State, large or petty. Only from such intimatiOns as the following can we learn what is the Italian policy of Mi. MAzZUi -:" Return to us, " MA-lL?," says the patriot, " and the Italians will "respond by deeds which shall be to the glorious "deeds of'48what theconllagrationisto the sparks "that foretell it." We should not discuss this violent tirade if it merely related to a quarrel between two foreign politicians. But few in this land of open debate and clear common sense can. well appreciate the power of such harangues on the fiery Italian nature, half-smothered as it is under the pressure of regal and priestly oppression.. To thousands of young men in lilan, Florence, and Rome, such writing as Al. MIAzzrss is eloquence, and his wild and hazy views are the teachings oi deep political philosophy. We cannot affordto leave themunnoticed, tofancy they will meet the disregard they deserve, and that in foreigners, as in Us, they will excite only feelings of indignation or ridicule. Uahappily, the annals of more than one Italian State in these days bear witness ho w much misguided men have listened to M. hIAzzM-, both as an orator and a publcist. The Italans may certainly have learnt wisdom since, and we see in AL AMA the representative of a more thinking class, but the hasty and the over-sanguine may be still a majority. We therefore feel it necessary once more to warn all who have the cause of European liberty at heart, that it has no worse enemy than the man who would associate it with all that is sanguinary, violent, and anarchical.
The interesting blue-book recently published containing minutes of evidence taken before the Committee of the House of Commons on Transportation gives but lttie aid towards the solution of the difficulties weich beset the question. We have here experience the most varied and opinion the most opposite. We have the humanitarian view, the retributive or penal view, and a view which lies intermediate between these. We have also facts which, as might be expected, are more or less coloured by the honest prejudices of their respective deponents. All these give us a very interesting kaleidoscope of that portion of our social system which embraces the lives, punishments, and hopes of cur criminals, though as yet wve fail to obtain the light we require as to the best mode of diminishing their present numbers and their future supply. But, from all that we can glean, it seems tolerably clear-fist, that most of those who have practically studied the subject think the present ticket-of-leave system unsatisfactory; next, that they set a high value on transportation as an efficient punishment. Among those whose evidence is in this direction are MIr. M. D. Hrxn, Mr. Justice CusswEan, !ih:. Justice EnLE, Sir R. lUmnv, and Sir A. AIsoN. Others decry transportation, and suggest a modified folrm of penal servitude at home in lieu of the present one. The balance of valuable testimony is on the side we have mentioned, and the reasons for this are neitner few nor obscure; at. the same time their asserion involves the greae principle, which should never be forgotten-though it has generaUly been disregarded in criminal legislation,-that there is as much difference not only in degrees of crime, but in the characters and dispositions of malefactors, as of innocent and respectable persons. Until of late years this has been almost wholly ignoredL- We have dealt with all burglars and - forgers, all picl-pockets and thieves, as if they were. exactly the same in habit, training, and instinct. We have lumped them in the same category, doomed them to the same penalty, crowded them on board the same hulk, sent them to the same district of the same colony for the same term, without reference to their former lives, associates, temptations, or struggles. The consequence has been that our punibments- havb oftener corrupted the more respectable thana reformied the guilty. The worst class of criminals had no better amusement in prison than to bring down to the. same. level with themselves those comnpanions whose compunction for a first offence indicated the presence of an unstifled conscience and nuextinguished decency. And when they were sailing to the convict settlement the same process of corruption and debasement was continued, to last even in the. colony to which they-were conveyed, unless their assignment jwas speedily foRlowed by a classification which ought to have been effected at a much earlier date. 'This should be bornein mindwhen-we consider the system of tickets-of-leave. It is a humane and often a successful experiment in the case of men who have reluctantly yielded to a strong temptation, or been inveigled by a clever seducer. If their prison be one where they can be segregated from evil aaaoCiates, such men are- shamed aud penitent'from the moment they enter a prison;, iheir penitence is'smcere, their amendment is hearty, their resolution to enter on a raoral and industrious life after they are discharged ivs fed and firm. But imark the hypothesis which this assmes. They have not mixed MucI with bad axsociates before imprisonment; they have been kept from bad associates in prison; they can make a clear start when- they leave prison. It is neealess to say that the conditions of such an hypothesis -are realized 'in very few cases. Even where prisoners hase maintainedaa tolerably respectable character before the commission of such a crime as is visited with penal servitude-a contingency not very frequent-the imprisonment before, if not after conviction, will have brought them into fatal contact with -older, bolder, and . more hardened offenders. ,But thge fact is that the majority of the men so sentenced fre old offenders -old offenders calculating on the partial remission of the sentenoe which they foreseq at the' moment they plan the 'criiine wihi6h is to proioke. it. The good behaviour which earns this reri"sion is a politic and foraal subordination, garnished with the unction of hypocrisy and- the phraseology of cant. Stale as may be the artifices which it embodies, they are not always too stale to impose on the gaoler, the chaplain, and the visiting magistrate. The " dodgo' succeeds, and a wretch who has been diligently servile to the governor, and has. learnt a few scripture texts to please the chaplain, escapes one-third or one-fourth of his allotted punishment, and is off to plan a neow "burglary or to take part in a desperate garotte. As he is not compelled to proclaim his namve or show his ticket, he is at liberty to re-enter on his interrapted career of crime in a new sphere and with a new name; to confederato with others as clever and as "1 dodgy" as himself new means of misdcief and new devices of escape; and, finally, to train up in the school of felony firesh buds of hope to awell the criminal popullation of theempire. As in the course of two years the admitted number of recommittals of tickef-of-leave-nien is 8i per cent. on all convicts, and as, owing to the success which has attended the assumption of the alias, the real number is probably larger, we do not wonder that the evidence of the most practical witnesses is against a system which is periodically disgorging on society malefactors whose dangerous character is imperfectly measured by the magnitude of the offence of which they were last convicted, and whose agglomerated numbers would in a few years make them a terror to the coantry. Nor do we wonder at the preference given by these witnesses to transportation. With any proper classification of offenders and punishments this is the most severe and at the same time the most hopeful kind of punishment. It is terrible in anticipation to all. It is most terrible to those whose deviation from rectitude it punishes by long separation from home, friends, and kindred. It is terrible to the comparatively uneducated. It is terrible to those for whom freq-uent imprisonments and frequent remissions have no terrors. It can also be made terrible to a clams of men wtho are supposed to regard it with slight awe. Of late years the London thief, the bmuglar, the highwayman, and the forger, have looked upon it as a pleasant change of air, with the concurrent excitement of a trip to the diggings. Not, perhaps, ac- curately distingaishing betveen the geography of | Western Australia and Victoria, they have rather courted than dreaded a doom which -combined the attractions of novelty with the allurements of opulence. But a proper degree of classification would disabuse them of so detrimental an error. If the habitual mraders in crime-men notoriously reared in. it and following it as a 'profession-were selected for certain colonies which offered no prospect more pleasing than a continuance of hard drudgery for a number of years-if they were to be employed on roads, or forts, or docks, and if it were generally known among their fraternity that such was the inevitabledestinyin reserve for them-thenwe agree ith the witnesses before the committee, transportation would restune its terrors in eyes which now glisten with delight atthemention ofAustralia; and to other prisoners-men whose crime was the result of impulse, temptation, or despair-it would be a punishment severe indeed, but not destructive of hope, for, 'while it enforced the severance of cherished ties and the abandolnment of beloved friends, it would also open the prospect of an amendment of life and fortune in a country where there would be nothing to embitter and nothing to discourage repentance. But were such a classification enjoined to-morrow the reform would be stil imperfect. Where are the colonies among which we could distribute our different convicts? Xew South Wales, Tasmania, and the Cape have rejected them. These settlements-two of which were reared on the foundations of convict labour, and owe all their fortunes to it-. will not receive them any -more. The Bermudas, Gibraltar, and West Australia are wholly insufficient for the numbers thai we would send if I 'we could. What are we, then, to do ? In a few years our towns will swarm with ticket-of-leave and discharged prisoners. Sir A. AlisoN suggests that 'we should send out four free emigrants with everyprisoner,-that we should transport four respectable persons in order to give one convict the benefit of a domestic reformatory at the antipodes I The project is characteristic, but what will the colonies say to it, and what will Parliament say to the cost of it? We shall ultimately be forced either to erecA a new convict colony on the Gulf of Carpentaria or to take one of the islands to the north of the Australian continent for that purpose; perhaps both. But, if we do create a new convict settlerment, let us make some arrangement' with the free colonists at the verybeginning. - Let us come to an understanding that the colony is to be a convict colony ; that free settlers may go to live there if they like, but that they mnust go with the full kIowledge ol the local conditions by which they will be surrounded; aud that after this fair wanming and full recognition we in England must not be taunted by the free population with having thrown upon them the dregs and outscouriags of metropolitan crime.
How infinitely small are the triumphs of war by the side of the triumphs of peace! Chymistry, and mechanics, and agriculture have their Sebastopol as well as Russia, the ecinquest of which is of far more consequence to the human race than any tiumph which the mere conqueror can hope to obtain,save in so far as his achievements constitute guarantees of security and'peace. Had allthe money which Russia has wasted in her preparations for i war, in her aimaments, in the expenses of the futile struggle which was terminated the other day' by the Treaty of Paris, been devoted to internal improvements, to scientific research, and to the development of her material resources, how different at the present, moment would have, been I the position of that great empire I We ourselves a-nd our gallant a'lies - have to deplore ourwasted milions and the two or three years which have been thrown away on this sanguinary and mnnecessary contest. Happily, we can now - turn our attention to otner pursuits, and endeavour by inereased energy to make-up for lost time. There is no " Horse Guards" to check scientific improvement-no undivided incompetency al divided responsibility. The scientific discoverer stands on his own merits, and is permitted to serve his country unshacdded by official routine. It is well for us. thatV the cause of bi1aceis i"n cliher hands tlhan thIse whichl direct the railitast -power of the nation. It is. the "WAz1s, and jiAWRIVUTS, and FAMADA&YS, and STmimso2ns who enable us to hold our vrn against th- world; nor in mentioning the.naiiai of our ovm xnost'distinguihed men muLs1t we forget the gratitude h widh we owe to foreign discoverers. A very cohsiderable pottion of the oDening address of, the President: of the British .ABsciati(o at Cheltenharn the other day was occiupied with the discoveries of LaisdI, which' havs' communicated to agricul.torethe charater.of a:scientificpursuit. One of Lmi;EG's positions isi. that C" a larger experiditure * of capitil will not le required. for bringing a "given farm into a condition to dispens with "ammoniacal manures' than for procuring those "materialsi which contain that ingredient ready a for use." Dr. DAoU:euy, in support of the theory, quoted the experiments. which have. been carried on in lNorthamptonshir7i, which show that i" the " nmost luxuriant. wheatcrops can be obtained for a number of consecutmoe years withountmaunre "of any hind, simplybyfollowing out the TuiLLL&I "system of deeply stirring up and pulverizing " the soil." We do L not, of course, assume to speak with authority upon a point of this hind, which is more fitted for the considerationi of men who are practicaly interested in agricaltural underbalings, but all persons who look at the question as statesmen must feel the deepest interest in the result of controversies which involve no less a result ilan the production upon. English soil of a sufficieint supply of food for the nation. The time may come when we may regard with equal indifference a check in the importation " of breads uffs" and gr3in from the East or the West-from. Russia or the United States. Chymistry, however, has helped us to other suggestions which may exercise the greatest influence on the indcutry of the empire. It is said that we may obtain an enormous supply of animal food from the antipodes, if the flese of the cattle whichis now. cast aside as worthless in South America and Australia beboileddownandthe extracted juiceimported in a state of concentration. Every labourer's cottage in the couxatry wouid then have its pot-l-fe;u which, with the addilton of a handful of vegetables, would leave little cause for lainentation over the gastronomic miseries of the English poor. Another curious discovery was strongly insisted onbyDr. DAuI-iAY. The chymists have established the fact that one of the principal earths of .which the globe is composed " contains a "' metal as light as glass, as .ducetile and "malleable as copper, and as Little liable to "rust as silver; thus possessing properties so "valuable that when means have been found of "separating it mechanically from its ore it wiiU "be capable of superseding the metals in common "use, and thus of rendering metallurgy an em"ployment not of certain districts only, but of "every part of the eartht to which science and "civilization have penetrafted." As another instance of the recent discoveries in chymistry, although of a far less important kind, we find that a beautiful dye is prodacible from guano, 'which seems the destined substitute of the cochineal insect. We cannot ia the b rief space wvhich we can afford to devote to this subject do more than glance at a few among the many most interesting points which were touched on in the Presidentfs address. The few we have selected ae, of a directly practical character. We can say nothing of the researches of the geologists and the fresh results which they have obtained in flheir peculiar domain. The microscope, too, in the intelligent hands of modern observers, has brought new worlds to light, and has revealed to us the secret of many a mystery in vegetable organization the solution of which is of the utmost importance. In a word, Dr. DAuBENY the other day passed in brief review, the achievements of scientific men throughout Europe since the last meeting of the association, and thesa -ppear to haze been of a very satisfactory kind. YNor is it solely with physical science, properly so called, that our philosophers have been engaged. Under their auspices explorations have been set on foot, and in great part carried out, Which would have astonished the Father of History, even in his most active days. There are explorations in South Amelica, in the Rockyl%lountains, in the Pacificin Eastern Aica to discover the long-sought sources of the Kile-in Noith Australia for exploring the interior of the country-in Central America for the formation of a great navigable channel between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceanss; in short, wherever man's foot can reach explorersare busy, and probably ere this generation has passed away there will scarcely be a portion of the earth's surface fittea for the habitation of man, or capable of administering to his necessities, which will not have been visited and reported upon by one or other of the intrepid pioneers of civilization. When one compares the resnlts which have been obtained by scientific men with those of mere statesmen and soldiers, it is impossible not to seethat in the end the bias of -human affairs depends on something else than policy and wars. The machinery employed in cotton-spinning has iniparted a fresh tone to English society, and modified the character of the nation. The improvemnents in the working of iron have gone far to give to England her character and position among na-. tions. The railroad and the screw steamship and the electric telegraph are at the present moment changing the apparent destinies of the human race. There is one point, however, whichwas not touched upon by the President of the British Association which, before concluding our remarks, we would earnestly recommencd to t'he attention of our men of science. That they may carry on their noble discoveries the world must have peace, and for peace tlhere is no security lik;e a state of preparation for war. Paradoxical, then, as it may appear, we would gladly see olur scientific men devote a certain amount of time and thought to the elaboration of our means of attack and defence. In the war which has recently been brought to a conclusion we have had little cause to boast of. any advantage which we possessed over our semi-barbarous foes by reason of our pre-emninence in science. We cannot affbrd to waste men, but our intelligence sholad supply this deficiency in our military positian. England henceforward must defend herself as much by her brain as by her armi.
I -, AMERCA. A sumy of the foUowg, received by elecri graph, appeared irour eoedition Of yeSTe7y .-] - LIVERPOO, XoNeeix. By the Ral-maii steanvhip b NiaW.,or Captain. Leiteh,we have adl feom Nea York to the 29h ult. She has brought $371,352 inxpeci. onfreigLt. .- Among the p enger is hMr :E. B. Stowe, of Unwle fom's Canin notoriety. . The dian had arrivedi at Quebc, the Arabia at Halifax, and the-dErisson. a New York. In the Senate, -a bill amending the diplomatic 'and consular system had been pasaed, and a resolution, calling on the President to commumicate whatever information he might' have respectingaffairs in California with reference to the operations of the San Francisco Vigilance Committee, and whother application had been made by the Governor of that State for aid in enforcing the laws, was adopted. Apetition from Commodore Vanderbilt, that a contract be made with hinm for 'carryig the mail between New.Y6orkand Southamipton, had been prese,nted Abill was also introdiiced: adthorizing -a c,ontract for ,mon,thly tripsbletwrntt the two ports for 10 years, at $10,680 the round trip, the sevice tobe increased'to 'semi-monthly ,tips if considered necessary. ' TIn the House of Representativeec Mr. Sharmanus amendment to the Army Approfriation Bill was adopted, and the bill, as amended, passed. The amendment, it wMill be recollected, provides for the practical suspension of the alleged laws of theKaisag Lcgi lativeAssembly, until' Congress shall declare wrhether those laws were passed by a Legisature chosen i conformity with-the or,anic law. it aIo" recommends the disarming of the militia, and the recall of the United States' army,.butrnakes it the duty of the President touse military force topreserve the peace, suppress insurreciion, repel invasion, and protec the persons and property of the citizens of the territory against unlawful search aud eizure cn .the highways 'of Iissouri and elsewhere. Mr. Dunn, of Indiana, moved a substitute to the bill aunuThng certain scts of the~aasasegijiture, & c., which was agreed to.' The bill was paSSed by a, vote of 88 to 74. -It reorg,anies the territory, provides for thle restoration of the Missouri rsiciConl, prohibits test oaths, and all cruel and imnssua punishments, and provides for the release of persons confined for politibal offences, and for the dismissal of all the prosecutions now pending. The Washington correspondent of the New Yor* Caourier and Ingicirer alludes to a remarkable charge made by a Buchananite organ against the British Chancellor of the Exchequer. He writes " The Pe7n2syuic'a7ca, the central ]3uchanswn organ, proclaims the truly humiliating facta that the Chancellor c£ the BritihExchequer has subscribed 100,000 for the mse of the Fremont and Dayton Cub.s, as a means of securing the success of the EepubElcans, and thereby of breaking up the union of these States. This fin7aucial trasction mut be considered important and gratifying for several reaonE. In the first place, every well-informed politician knows that the lower order of democratic scribblers and slang-whangers never begin to shout, I We are sold to the British k' 'Beware of British gold ' And ot'ner shrieks of that chracter, util they have become entirely desperate, and have lost all rational expectation of success. The country always takes heart when democracy begins to brawl 'Bribery and corraption,' and to rejoice in the prospact that the whole tribe of bloodsuckers are to be driven from tne doors of the public treasury. Again, if the British Government has rea-ly beguntoship gold to aid in Fremont's election, the tide of exchange 1 turn ; and the golden flood will set to and not from Wall, State, and Chestnut-streets. hLfoney will beome abundant and business briskl; and all sorts of stocks wril go up except Buchanan stock, already the poorest stockl in the market. It wil be remembered by all who participated in the memorable contest of 1840, that the Van Buren men kept mp pretty well until the British gold began pouring into the coffers of the5r opponents, ani; hen they aclnowledged there was no use in struggling against fate and the 'British Whigs.' The consequence of their despair was, that 'Van w as a used up man' before the canvass was half over, and that le came out at last with 60 votes out of 275. This shows the irresistible power of British gold. On that occasion the British gold was bDUeht to buy Democrats with, who brought good prices at first, but before the close of the business season became a mere drug, and could be had for the asking. The same thing will be witnessed again. Itis a grea%t mistake tosuppose that only $100,000 has been subscribed, but this arises from the inexDer.ence in money matters of the vigiant Democrats, who have ferreted out this transaction. The trath is that the whole of the last loan of 5,000,000!. was authorised as an electioneerng fund to aid the Republican candidate. Nlor Iwil the bargaia be a bad one for the British. For it is understood that, if the Colonel shall be elected, he is to abolish slavery in South Carolina, and send all the emanci,pated negroes to the British West India Colonies, as ap- prenticed and indented labourers, at $50 per hed, thus enriching himself at the seme time that he plays into the hands of the British Abolitionists, who are planning the 'e-xtirpation of slavery all over theworlda' A' dissolution of the lUnion would follow of course, for how could the Union exist after the negroes were gone P A commercial treaty had been agreed to between the Venezuelan and United States' Governments. Another of those fearful accidents so frequent iri the United States hal occurred to the steamboat Empire, while on her voyage rom ?Fall River to Boston, byt which seven persons were killed and a large number maimned and mutiated. When near Point Indish the starboard boiler of the vessel burst, driving the steam through the farnace, ama through the blower-box, and into i,he engineroom, and between the decks, destroying or scalding severely al whom it encountered. Most of the passengers had retired to their berths, and when the exLplosion occurred men, vw omen, and children, seizing-their life-preservers) rushed into the cabin in their night-dreases in the greatest consternation, imagining that the vessel was on fire, and giving vent to their fears in loud Oiouts and screams. In a few seconds the body of steamnfilled the saloons, and ,the frantic passengers rushed wildly to and fro through the suffocating vapour seeking to reach the 6pen air, and making confusion worse confounded. The cries of tue wounded were heard above the din, and added to the horrors of the situation. The captain promptly caused the engine to be stopped, and, assisted by those of the passengers who had escped injury, endeavoured to alleviate the sufferings of the injured and dying. - With aU tenderness and despatch the wounided were picked usp and taken to the saloon, and, although no medial man was on board to advise, they did what they could to ease their suferings. Oi, flour, and coton were applied to scalded parts, and other means of relef were resorted to. It w feared that a large proportion of those who are scalded would die, as many of them had inhaled the burning steam. The wounded presented a terible spectacle. Every spot upon which the steam had struck was scalded so severely that the skin peeled off at the touch. An investigation into the cause of the accident was to be held. Mr. Herbert had been acquitted of the murder of Keating, the waiter. The decision had created much comment and indignation. The Ilinois had arrived at Ne York with the Californianmails, anda $1,649,896 in specie. The Committee of VIgilance were always in session. They continued to expel from the city all te rogaes who had for a long time past infested it. On the 24th of June the excitement in regard to the movements of the. committee, which had been lulled almost into "acquiescence, 'was revived by' one of their nu.mber being stabbed in the street by D)svid S. Terry, one of the judges of the Supreme Court of California, while the said member of the committee was attempting to arrest a notorious chbaxater. Judge Terry was immniediately arrested' and taken to Fort Vi,g,ilance, as the rooms of thecommittee are called, where, at last accounts, he was undergoing,a triaL, The San Francico correspondent of the Nesv York -Tribuzne furishes some additional information touching tlis affair. Ee wrtes "But, umfortunately for. the cause of 'ILw and order,' and the peace and prosperity of the' State, David. S. Terry, 'one of the justices of the Supree C,ourt-whose reslidence, family, ana business are in this city-would go to San Fran. cisco to ragtethe rgiantaor help to oraanie fos-e to pyut them' down. Ariawrer-e seat from this sitvbbr_overnor 'Johnson to the State milit;iaat San Faisco. The igilants heard of it by telegraph as soon ea they were ahipped. A-detachment,of Vigilant pollee s ordeed to cruwe in the.Bay of San 'Pablo or he Bay of Suisan to capte the sailing craft inwhich' theywere stowe:d, The arms were pured, and the United Statess M el, cDufie, the gambler, wrho was appointed by Piare at tho command of Weller-for erbert denies for hielf and Deaver all coonexion therewith-ar td Mr. Durkee, the leader of the Vigilant boarding party on a charge of piray. -Durkee has been examimb,efore the United Sttea District Judge Hoffian, and held to bll in the sum of $25,000. .It Wa thought at'one time that the Vigilatst *ould 'resue, or attempl4o rescue, Durkee fronm the cstody of the lnited Stat& MvshAl, and tbu briuiLiatbodyinto diact olliMion 'with the Federal forces, but no Attp of tlie: kId was raade. As a kdnd of retaliation;, tbe Vigilauts ent their rrhi, Mr. Hokidins, to arrest Reulben Molony, a w,ell'Inown'time-servirj politician of-San Faneisoo,rwho had charge of 'the State armnawihnDurkee seir,edthen.'Hopkins went alone, and foundI xolony in the oficee-of the nav agent, Dr. Ashe. Ashe, Judge rry, and ono or two otherI -were there also. .Hopkin told Tis errand, biut Molonrefused to go' with him, as Terrj, Ashe, and otbers volunteered to defend hbim, Hopld'a then left to sistance, and, soon after, Molony. Terry, Aho, a the othere, armed with double-barrelled gun-, knires, and pistols, sallied forth into the street and pushed for the iTer was inj 0r _aej HO v T whei t Tenx plcdhs-- 4 p- n !i r frot oi Hop s tPreet Ids !kinswresosditfr5 hiapjss 1tS l Gi r.m iit by the lba, Mor Wu the g de^o s ro 1210was ir# me four inche deep andan imibusl i-hafwa - the point o th nifeeeiagheg widieof the assaut apraesibke praiie a.irein a- gae;i.pa boal on the Vigiancs Committee xoos was ta?ped fcr the fis timae a':noe the oomnsaeent of t .Jlevolutiw thewr}oie town was in -rild excitemit; merc ts let rak. 'eg 'inlocked, masons dropped their, trow drayme wit loided drayx conveying goods from te p b t houses, or from the stores to. te ate bo h on the instant in the ftreets, and moune t*rhoto join the Committee's cvalry. Where .11 al pee and quietude a mroment before, dl now ws bstand a e mnent, and from Tevry arr of thi ciaty all nd con. ditions, med andon foot br on horsehaek werero iPe. ¢Oual rubingto rdsthehed-quat of the Ceitmn t w.ait and execute its orders. Terry, Molony, sd that prt, :intheaeenatimernedetheirwayunmoloedtoth earmourof 1he1 Blues, adlthereaised tfhe barricade orelosed the doors ilo all batfriends. They were bhaidy i, J--ever, -bweore the INSnOts in immerne numbeon suw tded the buildin, and pla:ed sentinels on all the enirseeet,ereoe, With Ordii to let no mn in or out .till the will of the -Executive Committee could be ascertained.' Sone of the.Yigian 'thnking Hopldns had been killed on the pot, were clamorous to cotaiin possesion of Terry, and saserifice lian on the spot. 1n ilis state of things, and while the whole eity, as it were, wa collecting around the armory, Dr. A,she the aavy aent,appeare4 at one of the second-tory-windows,. and infcrned the ureited multitude that Terry was in the bu3ding, aud -would' not'attempt to make his eape. 1re also requtested that a neesenger ahould be snt-to the Executive Committee, and ask a deleation from thi,A body to come to the armoury, in order that they ,night agree on the terms on which Terry woumd-bI surrendered. It was ascertained that Terry was willig to give himself up to the nommi'ttee, provided that body wouldpledgeitself to protect him from the Iuryof the rabble. The courier uas despatcheo4 aad in 10 minntes returned with a note, ordering Terryto give lhiaslf up, ad ihe military in the building to deliver-up their arms and renderthensdves prisoners, or in 15 minutes the Committee would commence firing on it. Two large cannons wee hauled in front, were loaded, and the eburing torc'h placed in the hands of the cannoneer. Noht a word was said by either ourty; there were 5,000 arned Vigilants. in the Ticinity of the building, the time had jrus expired, a the doors were opened from the insido. Terry, Ahe, and Molony gave themselves up, wre plaed in carriages, wa under a strons guard wrere eecorted to the rooms of the Committee. lhe State soldiers were then maie to being down their xrms, which were soon nncapped plaed on drays, and escorted to the arnoury of t gilants. The militry were offered their freedom if they waould swear not to takeup arms ngainst theVignts. uThistheyrefusedto dor and were made prisoners, but most of ther were released in a feir deys after. The Committee adso went; to the aronory of another militr ceompany-the only remainne one in that city that had not easbanded rather than holdy themselves in read3iness snider the G;overnoi's proclamation, demanded their arms, which they at once received, nd toolk them prisoners also. The committee then sent for Major-General Volney E. Howard, who was commanding in San rancisco. Xle made hasto too etheir summons, and whil on his way to their rooms the Vi"lants hadto take possegsion to save him from the fury of tho people vhom he ad exaserated by hds very foolish behaviour and ungentle. manlylinguage. So thus in 40 minLtes after Te strack Hopldns, although the city was quiet at the time, and nearly all the people engaged in their daily aovfoa s, the 3yi lants had arisen, like the followers oderick Dhu, out of fheo eath, and captured the State Government, cenerals, soldiers, guns and ammunition, without the Sir.r c a single shot. It was certinly the best concerted mniitary move. ment of modem times. Although most of these mnen were raw recruits, many of whom never Bhoulderedamuek-et before, the agility of their movements and - dociion would put to blush many an army of regulars. It is true the first shot would have created consternation in their ranks, but their numbers and enthuiam would soon have evailed over the State forces. nd now the State is without a muskcet or a soldier to boar one. The Governor is on his haunches, and cannot move, nor doer he intend to. He is up here quietlyr epoing in the bosom of his family, like -lr. Idicawber, waiting for I something'to turn up.' His power and his glory have departed. Imbecile at first, he has inereased in imbecility. He treated with the traitors, as he called them, till they out-generalled him, and now they laugh him to scorn. Had exG:overnor Bigler beon here holding the reirs of Government in his hands, this would h:ve never ben. If he could not have done otherwise, ho would have male them a speach, so plausible, so pathetic, so fervent, so patriotic, that he himself would have surromunded the whole Committee and captured the affecUons of every man of them. Hopkins was stabbed on th3 22d of June and still lives, although his physicians entertin no solid hop of his recovery. Day bydayhashebeensinking till the public look for his death anyhour. TerTy isin prison, shut out from nfl correspondence, even with his wife, anLd it is evervwhere believed that if Hopldns dies from the effects of thle wound Terry will be hung. in fact, from a letter of Tery'f, published on the 2d-inst., he seems to expect this. But itis not doubted that, whether Hoplins dies or live Terry will be banished the State. It is almost certain. that he wiil not again be allowled to sit on the supreme bench." The Committee had talken forcible possession of the armoury of the Marion Bidies, which -vas the rendezvous of " the law and order party." The place was surrounded by over 1,000 of the Corminitteemen in arms,with threeor fourpieces of ordnance planted infront of it. Before this formidaEble aray it soon capitulated, and all the arms it contained were seized, together with about.100 prIsoners of war. The latter, however, were soon released from custody. The Committee had also seizedaquantity of Government armswhich had been sent to San Francisco for the law and order party, on board a schooner. The Governor re|mided at Sacramento, and it was stated that he 1 would make no more attempts to destroy the func- tions of the Vig,il3nce Committee. The general commandin-theStateforces had retiredand rendered his renort to the enecative of an inefective campaign. The courts continued to hold their regular sessions in San Francisco, andthe law was said to be more respected than ever before. The accounts from the mining regions continued to be favourable, and the crops generally were reported good, although in some sections the gashoppers had been very destructive. The Cresce7ff City Herad has a rewort of an encounter on the 11th of June betwreen 250 Indians of the Shasta Coas, lacinootoon Tuta tnees, Joshua, and clqu tribes, and tCe company of volunteers under Captain Beltzo, 41 in number, who had the day before killed sis Indians on their march down tho river, and company G of the regula troops, under Captain nger, anumberin- about 60. The regulars were on the north, and the volunteers on the south side of the river. The regulars commenced the fight about 12 o'clock, ldiled aix Indians, and drove the "balance" into and acro the river, when the volunteers received them, and, after a half-anhour's fighting, completely routed them, killing 24 and taking six prisoners. Beside theabovethere were 50 indians drowned and missng, at least such is the report of the TTndians themselves. The Inlians had previously fortified themselves in a position about six niles below where the fight cone off, but had removed to the position where theywere found,thinlkin-it a stronger one. The volunteers burnt atboth of the positions spoken of some. 60 houses, most of them strongly built of logs. The regulars lost no men; the -volunteers had two men-wounded and one lled, namied Bray. Several other less sanguinry fights are :also re. ported- Boston had been the scene of a fire destructive to life and property. A Boson paper describes the catastrophe as follows "The fire commenced in the grooery and liquor store of Cornelius Doherty, lWo. 323, Norkh-strees, where an sttendant was turning out some camphine for a customer who was smoking a cigar. he vpour of the o&mp cin - lo municated with the cighted , and t}e hole of -e fluid was inited. The room wsintantly filled *ith flsame, and the persons presen narrowrly esae a ae-ere burning. Mi alarm of 'Fire r' ws imudiatly souded and the fire deportment ss qluicly on- the grd. Be. fore any of the engines arrived, however, the sSore anda it oDments-tba cntente being prjrcpFl nfnmbi liquids ere thoroughly on fIre. he adjoining monb and the rooms above ere soon an , laex an4e occupants of the building had begun to remoTe thewir fnnitare. Wlth frightfulrapidtity he fire spread fri room to room, and to the neighbo building. A scene of -the ot confi aseon eenta4. Tables, chais, ad crockerr we hturied indieim-tel-vfrorathe windowrs * ..'M:ae& chidren put their heads olt of theiwindws ace; sing for help; firomen wore running in evey directio, and the fire wa ragi n ith nheckedapadity. The building in which the fire ordnted-Jeffeorn.bk-, *alivesoir brick buin and ocupiked by some fortyIri f- sie. Tse familie were aU driven into the street without being ae to Msve anythig except the clothes on their backs Sevral women, to save themselves froin iie fla.es,whikhn aded thex in on all aides, jumped from the windows int the street. One woman was instantly killed by thUi ma, and another wee nured so that she m gy died. Quite a- naumber, however, etaped unhurt.-Onewornan jumpedfront the third story, struck thepanemt withher feet,arcd*ithout stopping'to ask ay oeuetons run off at full speed. Another woman got out ol the fourth sory an d from the window-sl to the wind6w-s- ofB ote third siryr, which sae grasped with her hands-thndrpend to the -seond soy, and finally to-e pavement. Shewasun hur. The high brick building adjoining the Jefferson Bbdcck4 on the corner of liortl and Clark-streets, wasB prtiallt burnt, the walls and a portion of the flooring only eing left. About 4 o'clock simxe lisnresue had put ulp ad- e awending aladder, when-the chimney e prag the ladder and all who were on it. Illing one of the lhreueen and severely brulsing several bthers One woman jumped from the fouirh stor of Jefferson Blok into -te t , and ws instanrly eery bone in her bdy
2n INDIAjVIUrIG=T WOBTHY'of a BAPONETCY TO THE EDITOR OF THE TiES. Sir,-A.llow me to supply an omission in pour leading article of this date, on the unnaraUleled and munificent fnthropy of Sir Jansetjie Jejeebhoy. In 1842, when mer M5ajesty conferredl the honour of knighthood on that worthy Pamsee, he gave the princely sum of 30,000OL to found the Sir Jiansetjee Jejeebboy Parss Benevolent Insitation, at Bombay, for the education of the children of the most indigexnt of the.Parssees, nnx institutioni which at the present mnoment possesses en annual revenue of 5,00OO. pplcahletosuch purposes. Gratifyingastheerectionof hs statue at Bombay most undoubtedlyprove to him, still hue most appropriate return the Bitish Government could makeisuwuld eto nabl himtogrtifythe desire hebas uost at heartin, that oaf bbeing °enabed to render the tile(hich he most hhly pSizes) er Majesty bestowed "Pthe Good FyatQher" nof lthfe aree Tfeideed, l fould honoured. Many a baronetcy, I think I may venture to assert, has been conferred on private persons for far less important services than those hbirh thia venerable and eminentplanthropist has rendered the Bombay Governmnent andits European and native residents. A LATE HAD.MASTER OF' T.E SIR . -J. P. B. Aug. 9. INTSTITYOTIO- AT BOMBAY.
AzrmucA WASSnG MACHiN-.-An exceedingly igenious and useful domestic implement is now being. exlie ally on the presnses ox MSr. B. 7Moore2 an American, 133, High Hlolborn, by which an entrely new, easy, and effident mod'e of washing all kinds of garments and fabrics is substituted for the tedious and laborious process by hand in use from time immemorial. The essential characteristic of tho invention consists in the employment of floating baLs in the operation of washing. Some 200 or 300 of these balls, each o; which is about the size of a Seville orange, and made of elm wood, are put into a wooden trough, two or three feet lon; by l5 inches deep, containing water or soapsuds, in which they al float. Afulcrumis placedattheback ofthe tough having a cross beam attached to it resembling a common pump-handle. On one side of the fulcraun an apparatus like a small window-sash, to which the clothes to be washed are fastened, is suspended from the cross-beam immediately over the mouth of the trough, and at the extreme end of thebeam, ontheopposite side of the fulcrum is a box into which weight may be put until it slightly weighs thesash up in the air. This done, the person performing the operation moves the beamn-handle up and down as if she were pumnping w;ater, the effect of which is to immerse the sash laden with clothes among the balls and zuds, and move it about among them T The balls prodace a gentle friction npon the linen, which, without in the sig>7htest degree injuiing its fabric, or breaking or tearing off buttons,effectally removes everytraceof dirt in an incredibly fewminiates, andtheoperationis complete. The labourrequired is so slight that a child from 12 to 14 years of age may perform it wzith ease. In some of the machines of larger size and greater cost the requisite motion, rodced by turning a wheel, iseven done at less trouble. ~ The action rsde on the linen is equivaIent to the ordinary three-fold process of pounding, rubbing, and aqueezing, and as it can never exceed thbe resistance offered by the foathg balls, it is therebykept vithin bounds, which are perfectly safe for the mos delicate fabrics, the wear and ter being, indeed, less thanin ordinary wrashing by band. The machine 'was invented t-wo or three years ago by one Christopher ]Iollingsworth, a farmer in Indiana, whose ?,tent rights, so far as they rels.te to the whole continent of m-opep, havebeen purchased bylMr. Moore and his artners. They exhibited the implement at the Paris iL - tion, where it attracted considerable interest, and numbers -were sold, the Duchess of Sutherland, who bought no fewer than four, being among the purchasers. Several of the Parisian laundresses also adopted if; and other3 of them, who were not able to pay for- it at once, did so by instalments, rather than remain without it. liThe consumption of soap and fuel is much less than in washing byhand; and the fingers of the operator are never wet during the process, eXcept to the extent isecesary in putting the clothes into the sash, snd taking themn ontand wriging them when washed. In the saving of labour, time, and material, its advantages can scarcely be exaggerated, while the prce is not such as to preclude it coming into general REsro?.sTio- oF Tim OLD GREYBLLARS CHURCH, EDflenBuliGir.-The work of restorationof this church is now nearly completed, so far as its plain and unadorned exterior is concerncd. The internal iatting uap, which has been commenced, will be a matter of more interest, from the elegance of the arrangements, as well as from the subatantial character of the work. The intermediate pillars bave all been removed, both o account of the injury they recaived in the fire, and their unsuitability for a Preabyterian pce of worsi}p. The building, therefore, seems to be one argce Gothic hal], lit by a fine though not a florid oriel window, and by lesser windows at tie sides, and covered in with a bigh vaulted ceiling, supported by beams sPringing from the wall, And tYing the roof at various coints. The whidows are to be of stained glas, executed Messro. Balnlayne and Allan, at the cost of the congregation, less the expense of the ordinary windows allowed by the To-rn CounciL 'he church will be very comfortably seatecl for 600 person. The poews will be open, the sidea being in the form of a pillar and panel. The pulpit, or rather rostetu (for the design partakes of the character of a lSCuecs platform and desk, rathi than of the usuaUly confined limits of the pulpit) will be placed under the eastem window, and will save a light and elegat appearance. The acce3s to the church wil be through the porch at the north. we corner, as at present, W athin the porch wil be a waiting lobby, and in the corresponding corner the vestry, t'he intermediate syace consisting ef a 'obby screened off from, though within, the place of 'vorshiip Within this lobby -ill stand the ancient tombstones dicovered in the recent excavations. The church, which is restored at the expanse of the Town Council, supplemented by the congregation to the extent of several hundred pounds, is expected to be ready for re-opening early in the ensuing winter, prohably in time for the October commuaion.-Edin6urgh MsNierriP BOROUGHS (IL=Aim).-Tho following is the tota1 zmount of the sunm:if money recently expended durin- the year on account Of certain boroughs in 1relad under tli act of the 3d and 4th of Victoria, cap. 7Sl',-Viz.-Armagh, 6024; Athy, 1761.; Bandon, 881C.; Ba3at, i,924L; *Clonakilty, 1411; Cork, f,333l.; Dublin, 115,697.;E"n'g 3141.; l?insale, 2487.; L,imerickg, 8,160C.; Londonderry, 17,592i., Nesetownards, 8i11.; Sligo, 3361.; Strbanle, 1,3321.; Tralce, 1,214!. ;'Wexford, 542C.; Wick. low, ,14274 ; and Sbughal, 724l,
i -PLI ND. (WEom 0Ui owN coRz3piDXx. DUBLU, MXowAr Xoxowa THE GPEAT ANNUAL CAl-5HOW.. The Royal Agricultural Soeloty's annual cattleshow takes place thiis week at Atbione, and, from the central position of that town, the exhibition, in point of numbers at least, is expected to be the most imposing that has been hell since the association first started into existence. Lord Carlisle leaves Dublin to-morrovw to aittend the show. His Excellency durinor his- visit will be the guest of Lord Gastlemaine, at Moydrum Castle. THE POTATO. The accounts from all parts of the country speak hopefully of the potato crop, and no allusion whatever is made to the appeaance of the fatal blight of 1845. The Freeman's Joutrmn states, on undoubted aulthority, that for a considerable quantity planted in the neighbourhood of Dublin the enormous price of 1001. per acre has been realized. THE LORDS OF THE ADSUARTY 3N CORK. The Corkpapers of Saturday give a few items of itformation with respect to the official visit of the Lords of the Admiralty to that port. The Constjittion says :- o t " Atan earlyhouw of r e day (Thursday) their Lordships were waited ugn by Rear-Admiral Sir Henry Chads, Coamnanding-in-Chef ontheirishstation, andAdmiral Dundas, in command of the DuL-a of Wellington, when the party piroceeded to Haulbowline Island and inspected the enire of the stores, where they remained some hous, the Governor, the storekeeper, and other officers being i attendance. Their Ltrdhe ips mninuely examied every portion of thpe building, with the result of which they expressed themselves much pleased. Sir Charles Wood evinced much interest in the condiion of the harbour. Sttioning himself or the highest spot in thaulbowline Island, he dinsecte every part of reh harbour, notingdown the sarion s positions with the aid of a map of the locality. Their Lordahips having confluded the inspection of Haulbowline, proceeded on a eruise round the harbour, in the course ef wbhich the exmined Carlisle and Camnden forts, returninii on hoard the Osborne in the evening, where they dined at 7 o'clock. 1Yestearday morning their Lordahiss, together with the entire fleet in Qusenstown. with the exception of Herhiajesty'sship Hogue, the Mleander, and Forth, left on board the Osborne I for Bantry Bay, where they vill remain, it is understood, three days. Her MEajesty's ship Duke of Wellington and the remainder of the fleet ill, it is believed, return to Queenstown early next week, when they will be reinforced by other vessels in a few days. The Osborne returns to Haulbowline early next week to coal, and then proceeds to Dublin, whither, it is stated, the I ords of the A dmiralty intend to proceed by raiL. The fleet, whEich is expected to be tsssembled in the harbour next week will, in point of the number and magnitude of the vessel, exceed anythingseen in Queenstown for many years." RNOhERRED ESTATS COVET. The following is the total amount of sales in the Encumbered Estates Court -u to the 1st inst., as prepared by M'lr. Ormsby, of the Statistics-office Court auctions ...£ .. ... 212,168,485 Provincial auctions . , 2,466,495 Private contact. ... ... 3,44,370 Total ... ... ... ... £418,099,350 A petition was last week presented by Mr. Vincent Scully forlale of property of the annual value of 1,0041., with incumbrances amounting to 22,0001. JAMES SADrlR. - A local paper (the Clonmel Chronidle) says " On Wednesday las' Mr. John Tnornton, auctioneer, received instructions from the official 3manager, in re the affairs of the Tipperary Bank, to proceed to Clonacody and take charge until further orders of all the furniture belon ing to Mr. James Sadleir that still remains there. Yeterday Mr. Thornton had the furniture conveyed to his auction mart and stored, and it is expected that it will be brought to the hammer within a few days, and the proceeds appropriated to the benefit of the estate. The crops at CIonacody consist of merely about 13 acres of oats, 1n acres of potatoes, and l of turnips, which, we understand, will also be disposed of by public auction." TBI THUNDER STORM IN THE NORTH. The Northern Whig gives the folloving additional particulars of the destructive effects of the thunder storm which passed over the province of Ulster on Thursday last:- " The morning of Thursday was delightful, the sun shining out with great brilliancy and warmnth, until, between 11 and 12 o'clock, the thermometer zanged from 125 deg. to 90 deg. in the shade. Shortly before 12, however, while the sky was perfectly clear, a few lovw peals of thunder were heard towards the south-vest, where, in the course of a quarter of an hour, clouds were seen to gather slowly on the edge of the horizon. In a short tm'e the volleys followed each other in rapid succession and with a louder report, accompied by flashes of lghtning, up to 2 o'clock, when vezy large drons of rain began to descend. From this timo until nearly 5 o'clock the storm became more intense, the rain fell in torrents and the thunder and lightning continued almost withont intermission, having extended over a period of five hourn. We regret to say that the accounts which have reached us from different localities show that this storm has resulted i acrious lose of both life and property. One raan at Dromore, and two chldren at the Falls, are re- orted as having been killed by the lightning. At Dunmurry two men, named Barnett and Green, in the employment of Mr. Hunter, were struck by it. Barnets was seriously injured, one side being completely paralyzed, but it is hoped that both may recover. On Collin Mountain, a bUllock, the propert of Yr. Henry Graham, of Falls, and two horses were kdlled. The lightning enteredthe house of Mr. Arthur Aicin, at Malone, passing down the chimney into the parlour, and brealdinga quantity ofdeWf and glass, which was upon a table - one of Mr. Aickin's scrvant men, who was at the byre Aoor in the rear of the house, wVas injurcd by it. Two pik;es of hay on the farmn of Mr. WV. Coates, Falls, wecre burnt; and a similar casualty occurred on the farm of Mr. J. Ireland, also in Falls district. In Bisburn the storm was severe, and the hotel there was strack by the electric fluid. At Derriaghy,, about two railes from the last-named place, Mr. Sam-uel Duffield's son was leading a horse, which was so startled by the thunder that he became almost manageable; the lad, however, held on byhim, and, in his efforts to restrain the animal, was severely crushed against:a wall. fn the vicinity of Lurgan and Banbridge there was a violent hailstorm; and at Newforge, where two men were kdlled by lightning precisely ten years ago, the hail fel to the depth of several inches. At millan the rain was very heavy, and the hail of extraordinary size. The wires of the magnetic telegrph, along the line to Ballymena, have been so mach damaged that the communication with that town has since oeen interrupted, and a similar interruption has occurred in the telegraphic chain between Belfast and Liver. pool. During the continuance of the thunder and lightning en Thursday the electrical agency in the atmosphere so in. fiuenced the wires that it was found impossible to transmit messages to Dublin and other places. The storm seems to have passed, for the most part, in a south-west direction. Dundonald, Holywood, Bangor, and other plic-s, escaped it altogether. bn the neighbourhood of Vonvyrea the thunder raged for more than an hour on Thursday evening, after which the weather became calm. About 4 o'clock yesterday morning the storm again broke out in that district with great fury. The electric current struck the Presbyterian meeting-house, which it damaged to some extent. The walls are uninjured, but a few slates have been forced from the roof, four seats are a little displaced, and all the windows are more or less shattered. The foregoing particulars are all that have yet come to hand of this storm, which, for duration and violence, has not been equalled in this part of the coantry for many years."
RoYAL BoNicr SocrTy.-This society held their anniversary meetinq yesterday; Mr. J. W. Freshfield in the chair. The Council in their report state tbatthe society is prosperous; thatthe debt,which inl849 snounted to 18,8001., was now reduced to 11,6751., the compositions for the annual'lsubscriptionls amounting to more than 1,0001. a-year, being employed in paying off Vebentures which bear interest at 5 percent. The number of Felows elected in the past year was 154, so deducting deaths there are 2,107 Fellows and members on the list. 24,664 exhibition timets were sold in the season. The lectures were attended by a zealous, if not a numerous audience. Artists and students rom ing's College, theMetropolitan School of =rt- and medical schools, to tho number of 52, had been , tted and upvwards of 13,000 living specimens supplied to Profes. sors for t illusratin of their lectures, Prince Albert as accepted the office of president. ' appears from a statement of the accounts that the total receints for the year ending July 15, 1856, were 8,8691., and, atterdeduct. 3ngpayments, &c., of variois kinds, there was a balance in hand at that date of 2,L291. 15s. 2d THE MAs. - SouTH Osx - Aug. 9.-The Boyal mail steamship T-ne, Cap'ain Vsller, sailed thii afternoon withthe mails for Buenos Ayres, _ontevideo, Riol de Janeiro, Bernasbuco, Bahia, St. Vincent's, Madeira and Lisbon; 71 passengers, ao ng 'whom is the Ron. P. S; Scarlett; 4,000l. in specie, 18,0001. value in jewelry, and a fulicargo. TheParana,CaptainWilson,itis expectodwillcon. vey the nestWestIndia andPacific mails from St. Thomas' to this port. The Magdalena, Captain Abbott, will sailonthe 17th inst., with the outward mails for the West Indies and Pacific. The Sultan, Captain Cook, is expected with the mails from Gibraltar, Cadv-, Lisbon, Oporto, and -V%so asboutthe`14thinst. TheMadrid CaptainBradshaw, wkil sailwith the return mails for the Peninsula on the 17th. The United States mail steamship ermaan, Captain miggis,will sail from this port on Wednesday next, for New York,wittheGenn3n French, and Englis§hmails, pan. SeMderS, and cargo0. CT OF LoNDOIT REG1ZrPAn- , DI r. T. lbrChristie, the retising barrister, has appointed fon day; the 22d of September, on which to commence his revision of the lists of witers for members to serve ia ;arliament for tbcityQ n.
-PB2r1tIS ASSOCrATIOI for th ADYANCEATENT E O-. - F OPOIClElZ. ;. I e , I . I I CET.HAM, Atra. 9. The evening meeting of Friday wa held in the greatrooni of the College, when the members of the aasocsation and the eateb of the sociel of heltenhar assembed to do hon toui, Sir Hqenry wA o0n, thePresidentof theScctionx of Physical Geography and Ethnology, who had pronised a ?epetition of his discourse. as delivered at GlRSgow on cuneiform discovery. The actual discovery of the mode of decyphernn those wonderful inseriptions which may be een at then ritish Museum on the Assyrian renains, covering in long lines the sides of the colossal bulls, the grWaa blck obelil;k, the clay cylinders and bricks, the gems and seals. of that extraordinary era, is not so new in point of time as the paeallel discovery of the mode of readinsg the hieroglyphical writings b,yDr. Young and hI. ChainIlion. The ori hint of theformerarose, itis3ad, inawagermdeby an er. - dite Gernian, who was employed during the war of thefirst revolution at Bonn, in the character of a decyherer. He boasted of his skill in thisparticular, and offered for a wager to decypher anything. FisE fiend proposed to him thO arrow-headed inscriptions in MpbuhPi rare> ; he accepted the challeDge, and taking the very simnDle trilingual uucrsption of Bebatans, he soon resolved thi Persian one into its elaments,'composed the rudiments of an alphabet, and read the names-and titles of Xerxes and Darius, the son of Hystapsis. Colonel Rawlinson, it appe arrived at the same rasUlt bya similarprocess; the gallantoolonelwasconnected withthePersianem'oassy,-andbesngstationedat.Elamadni, the ancientEcbatana, hewasstmckwiththesameinscription, Cut on arocl. ear that place, and by a similar process aved at thesame, thouighentirelyindependent, results; andihowas as much' surprised as were the German philologers that a young soldier in the hear of Persia had made the same discovery as had been communited to the learned world in the .Amznai of Ghttingen some few yearz before. Since this period the study of these inscriptions has been pursued inG-ermany principally byGrotafordand lassen ; in rance, under the patronage and at the expense of the Frenc Government by Dr. Boppert; but now;here more success. fullythan b- the unaided effirtsof Colonel Bawlinsen in I Rngland, and3Dr. Hinckes in Belfast. The mode of forming these curious characters was a subject of discussion in f;he I geographical section on tho morning of Friday on an explanation given by Mr. lTasmyth, suprted by Colonel 3avlinson, and impugned by Dr. ewell, the Master of Trinity. Mr. Tite, at Bath, early in January of this year, in the course of reading a paper inthe Guildhall of thatoity on theso discoveries, reproduced before his aucitors, in moist clay, a portion of the inscription at Ecbatana, containing the names and titles of Xerxes. indeed, the process is so simple that anyone may reat it. The arrow-headed cha racter is simply made up of the form of an ancient arrowhead somewhat elongated-generailly moderately so, but in the Babylonian inscriptions more extravagant in thatpar ticular. If anyone desirous of repeating the experiment vill take a smooth surface of moist clay and a piece of wood about three-quarters of an inch square and threeinches long, cut square at the ends, he will find, on pressing the angu,ar point into the clay, he can reproduce any of the characters lith the most perfect faClity; and if the surface of the clay be of sufficient size he may reconstitute, as 31r. Tite did, the Hamadan inscription. It is probable that in the cylinders and tablets this impress was made by a motalic tool or style, and of course on the sculptures and rock inscriptions the origins! character was only imitated; but Colonel Rawlinson has shown that the impressions on the bricks found at "Ur of the Chaldees " were marked writh the name of a hkng wlhich he tbinks identical with the Chedorlaomer of Genesis, and at least 2,000years beforeCChrist. Sir B. MuRrcmsoN ro to propose a vote of thanks to Sir Henry }Eawlinson. He stated that though the subject ' so extremely interesting, stil it was one Ithat, except for the addresses of Colonel Rawlinson, he knewr but little; and though these researches boasted of maig us acquainted with remote antiquity, he must claim for geology an antiqUitJ far greater, with handwriting not less distinct than the wonderful inscriptions of the cuneiform character. In alluding to the daring of Colonel RawlinsoD at the Rock of Behisten, ho said, that he thought no geologist, however venturous, or however interested in the fossils of such rocks, would expose himself to similar Peril in the pursuit of science, which the Geographical Society had, however, rewarded with their gold medal in 1837. After a glowing eulogium on the Colonel's attain ments in physical geograph, hich bad procured for him the honourable post of chnan of that sowiety, Sir Roderick concluded by moving " Tho cordial thanks of the meeting to Colonel Rawlinson.' Mr. TITX seconded the motion, and stated that he was requested by the Council to do so, probably because he had enjoyed the unusual advantage of h aving on former occasions heard SirHenry Rawlinson at much greater lenth. and that he had himself become thereby so much interested by the discoveries that he had entered upon the study, and in -a neighbouringcity (Bath) had inahumble way endeavoured to giVe some account of the nature and extent of these intereSting researches. He assured the meeting of the entire accuracy of the translations vwhich had been read, so far as he rs able to judge, and stated that he hardly knew. whether most to admire the learning, the ingenity, or the perseverance which had characterized the researches of Colonel Rvawlinson. He thought more credit was due to him, because this great work had been orlginated end pursued when he rWas a young soldier, occupie in a position of political imaportance, and reqinmnost of his time. In a place like Cheltenhamn he considerecd thaet any refarenco to the historical evidence of the HolScriptures would be received wfith becoming att,ention, andl t,hat the inhabitants 'would feel with him that the researche,s of Colonel Rawlinson 'were almost providentdia in their characeer, as showing, by the undeeigedcoincidences of the Asyrian inscriptions, the entir tuth of the history of the chosen people of God. Mr. Tite agreed with Colonel Rawlinson in the greater value in this point of view of their discoveries, as compared with the hieroglyphical researches of Dr. Young and hL Champollion, because after the exodus the history of the Jewish; people 'ws separated from that o: Rgypt, and those records and inscriptions only furnished two strikingnames-viz., that of Shishlc, the contemporary of Solomon, and "Tishahak, King of Ethiopia;" whereas these Azsyrian inscriptions gave cotemporary records, and introduced names to us as familiar from our childhood as household words, such as Hezekiah, Senaccherib, Jehn, and the host of other names the Colonel had quoted. This morning about 160 of the members visited Cirencester. The weather was most unfavourable, and the rain fell heavily during theo 'whole of the morning. The train left the Great Western sation,(heltenamat 9O'cdock, and, after stonning for about 10 minutes at Cirencester Junction, 'where frofeesor Buckman described the fault occurring in the oolitic strata, reached Cirencester at a-quarter past 10. The modern town of Cirencester is built upon the site of a Roman military station, once of some importance, called Corinium. It 'was one of thel hkiernia or winter quarters of the Romans, and on this account there are frequently found many remains illustrating the manners and customs of the Romans, and also thefloors, walls, andfoundtions of thesehabitations and militfardefences. Several tesseiatedfloors have from time to time been exposed in the neighbourhood, together with a large number of coins, domestic and otherutensils,weapons, and ornaments. 1n849,while some excavations were being made in the principal street of the town, for the purpose of making a sewer, tho workmen came upon two floors-one 15 the other 25 feet square, running in an oblong direction across the street. On hearing of the discovery Earl Bathurst, with great liberality, offered to build a suitable museum, in wlhch the pavement and all' other records of ancient Corinium might be carefmuly preserved. The building is now completed and the pavements have been relsaid with great taste and precision. The super-. intendence of the 'work of removal was undertaken by the Rev. Canon Powell and Professor Buckmian, who, mine-. diately on theidiscovery of the pavement caused the earth to be removed carefully tothe fl extent ofthefloor. A correctcopy was next taken of the pavement by laying down large sheets of thin paper, andtacing the ft lr stone for stone in the exact colours of the original. The sheets, when finished, were joined together, and thus formed a correct 'working plan from which the pavements could be relaid with perfect accuracy. The pavements were then removed tothe museum, which is a substantil stone building at the. northr-west corner of the town, on the road leading to the Royal Agricultural Colege. Tnese pavements having been inspected by the excursion party, they proceeded to Oakley. house, the residence of Earl Bathurst, where they were receivedby the noble earl. Here the pfncipalobject of interest wstheoriginalequestrianportraitoftheDuke of Wellington, bySirT- Leawrence, painted in 1816. Soime of the party then proceeded to visit the churcb, the remarkable features of which were explained by the Eev. Canon Powell. A visit as aLo made to the RoyalAgricultul Collwe. Here the excarsion party were receved by the prinspil of the insti tution, the 31ev. J. Haygarth. The laboratory, the geelo"ical museum, the oxperimental garden, and the farm buzidinge of tl:e instituttion having been visited, the party returned to Cirencester station and reached Cheltenham at 4 o'clock The various sections continued their business;h-day, and the following was the order of the proceedings:- SEMoz; AL-IATBLrCAL AD PHYSICAL SCMc. R. aLlet.-Frovisional report on observations with the seisometer. Dr. Whewel].-On the reasons for describing the moon's motion as a motion about her axis. J. Symons.-On phenomena recently discovered in the moon. -Twinning.-Moiels to illustrate a new method of teaching perspective. Professor Hennessy.-On the physical structure o the earth. - MaxwelL-On an instrument to illustrate Poinmet's theory of rotation. JT T. Graves.-On tho congruence nx=n+1 (mod p.), p. being a pfime number. In this section yesterday Mr. VIVw read a paper " O photography, illustrtive of a new method of introducing es and artitc effects." The results exhibited were very pleasing, being similar to those produced by tho second stone in double lithography, the original negative givng the details, 'while the artist hand, by a subsequent process, regulates the chiarcscuro, concentrating the fOCUs' of light and shadowr in the centre of the picture, and affording means for the introduction of skies, dark water, &c, and reducing the. picture produlced by the actinicray to that of the visual, without at all interfering 'with. the truth of the orizginal. The results seemed to give satisfanction to several eminent photogrephers, who usually despise " cooking," or the union of phetography and at. S=TrON B.-CHaras L Sc -E.C This section did not meet to-day on %ccount of the exoar' SionUto Cirencester. ~* ~. SEcTroS C.-GEOLOGY. In this section the business commenced bv a discussion on the papers read yesterday on the oolitic rocrs of the neighbourhood of Cheltenham, in which Professor Phillips, Mr. Salter, and others took part. The Rev. Mrz. POslODIn read a paper on some new species of lias corals, and anew species of pojliciLs inu the inferior ooite. Professor HE;sn§Xsr then road a. paper on the rebtive dii, tribution of land and water a4 derenrgelogicai epochs. r.S=&kTxRS, F.G.S., fol)lrwedwitk a paper Pnthe Greater PFtWVus, ot " Sera*bIn2' of &QtAun. Tbis Qfitiato: eii t Uat,inhabited.fhe ianient Cppr ainidtjofOnsias t a diacueslon At some lmngth bg Sir R Y.rchieon *And Prdefeor Sedgwick,l. 1_t,' I Xr. P aHERDi;, F.G.S.5 read a perstilep'stOnf the bone beds of stadoteplcs Thaonbdle referred to the ,though Sir to d asgedit to the frias, or new-red sandstone ! n ProfessorRAmAy. C ited Ethersdgelugbly on the forc of his o'oservate M1r. HL C.-JSorby, F.., elbted an. isctrument to represent the .Action of cuti ?rofessor RAsfIfy remiared the highly ingenieou costruection. .! iI - CAPtain WOODALL followed willh' paper on tueevidence of& a lwer lisz reef of rocks extend"ing from. 1~obiuhoodls, Bay to the neiglhboirUod of Eirn4orough Heed, HreicalIed the attention of the section, to the fact that this reef joinied the laind at the point Whereo-tht lewer Hias 'is thro*ns in contACt With the infexior2oolite of that parh of Y.,sb=e Re produced a specimenw which hehd o tained20miles to the south-east, from a depth of 20. fathoms, and attempted to prove, with considerable Probability,. that tha reef was liassic throgttiont The very straight inner margin of the reef, 'which extends 20 mniles adt upwards in one straight sIe, being his srinIpal ground f such-argment;. anld. bt i tcompaing the aou containedniri the specimen exhibitea v'itli some some from the bouldersosf the Holderneas coast;_ -.he Argued-that there -ws great prlsbabilit that those fosil The procTedings concluded with aIrnotioeo 7goldin IvndI by lieutenant Ayto, byh gale tilery, read ly Perofesor SEoriEsO D.-ZooaOGY &isD TANs t.iWeLUDItG This SeCtionwill not Meet tomucyho acitout of the excurSion to Cirenoest-er. SECTrso1rE.-IEOGRAPRy.. A2ND ETli2OL0Gy. This soction will not meet to-dayon account of the er Sion to Cirenceser.o At the mneetin yestedayt smlce ) HAdrTLnAD readapaper on Vesuvif andits erautions, ana after an interesting description of ths geogrdphy asid early oeuptions of Vessmiss which heillustrated by nost splendid series of drawings and Slpecimens oft lava, proceeded to g-v the following account of the last ereptiea tath The 54th and lsto eruptiotn of veviul too, place on the lst of May, 1h55. Th owauning of its approach was given aesdy in January, by the opening f a -new crater at -the sanmit of the cone, between the old one and the city of Naples, and directly across the rout-eofascent. This crater differed from the others, ismmomuc as it was neither mud. phurous in its character nor was it of the usua chimney aorm. It was from 60 to 80 yardswide, and a slight smoake issued from its blackesied sidea, after its appeaance the report ofantinmediate eraption was spreacd and kept up without intermiseon for manriy mouths, but on Moenday, the 3 aeh of April, the symptoms were so appant that the gnodes declared to a party then making the aseont the the number of hours it would he before it occurrud. On Teasday, the Ist of May, Vesuvius c ias inverble at Naples, and it was not till the afternoon thali the fact became kinown that the eruption had commence-d; a rush was then moado for. Santa ucia the side of Naples from which the mouatai can best boseen, ana hero the trath beame apparente as the mountain was blazing from sphveral parts. Pon acs complishing the ascent, and after passuig the Hermitage, the intense Beat betrayed the approach of the burning element; and, after leavmig various cascades of fire, down whiclx half-iselting bloftck of lava were dashing ata pace to overconie all resistance, the curent of the eruption was reachsea and resembled a liquid fir river rushing from the side of the cone, end apparently fed flom asi orifice abDut hal-way up it, which, amid dlames o.1 fire, -was throwing out stones to an immense height, accompanied by volumes of dense smoke, while all below wra inear, and the lava at Vimes even assumed abrig~ht phosphoricoblue. This was the mos magnif ocnt part. ofnthe scene, as the ascent of the cone did net repay the r and troisle. During the scene daylight dawned, and so earnest had been the attention given tDbtbythethousandsassimbledonthrmotare tatbathaIgo aperfectlyvisible eclitseof thermoonoccurred duringthetmme it passed veithfew xepsiedpois uno ierved. The eruption continued til nea the end of the montli, -and before its close 1 cones were in astive operation, thea discharge Erom which tape was readed. This discharge adimost unaccompanied by the ejection of atones or ashes was the pecuiarity of this eruption. A paper has also been read rin this section by Mr. VrM , of Torquay, on t othe eaTriest traes Sof human remains'an Kent'spCavern, especially flint knives and arrow-hea p beneath the stalagmitic floor." The peculiar interest of this subject consistedin,its being the link between geology and antiquitie., and the certinbety alorded by the condition in which the remains are found of their relative ge, themsccessive de ositsbeingsealedup tsinsitby the droppns ofarbonate oelime, whichassumethe for sasdec the ca per ohaebe-ocpe of stalagmite. The sources from wh the staterments in th paperwere obauinedwere rincipally the oricinalmiasnotrit miemoir of the late Rev. J. de'Ener, F.G.S.,hichtids . plored by Profesusor Owen, in his Fo bonefmm tlihe, and b otherariters, as lost toscience, butwhich has been recovere by Mo.Vividi and was produced before the section also thei report of the sab-committee of the Torquay batrao Society and his own researches. We have not space for the interesting statements contained inth paper, orgthe extracts from nthe moasrni which wero read, isryond the following brief summary of Mr. Vivian's conclusions which were mauinly in accordance witothose of pr.tt'Enery. -Thecavorn is situate beneath a bill abot a mile.xorm Torquay and Babbecombe, extend. ing teoa circuit of about 700 yards. It was first occupied by the bear } ussbw the fir and extinct hyena, the remains ofawhicht, with the bones of elephants, rhinoceros, deeir, &c . upon-which they preyed, were strewn upon the rocky floor: By some violent and transitory convulsions vast amheount of the soi of the surrounadne country injected into the cavern, carrying with it the hones and burying them in its inmaost recesses.emerapdiately upon its stubsiaence the cavern appea to have been occupied by human ire abitants, whose rod.e ft instruments are found upon the mud beneath the stalagmite. A period t'ien succeeded duxi vwhich the cavern was not inhabited until about half of tve floor-was deposited, whin a streak containing burnt wood and the bones of the wild boar and badger was deposited, and again the cave -wasvunoccupied, either by men or an-mals, the remaining portion of the stalagmite being, both above and below, pure and unstained by roll or any foreign matter. Above the floor liave been found remains of Cetic. early British and Roman remains, together with thoade of miore moder date. Among the inscriptions is oneaof interest as coni nectedawith the landing of William IDl. on the opposite side of the Bay,va W. Hodges, of Ireland, 1o688." BI thoediscussion which followed, and ia which Sir Henry Rawlnson, the secretary of -the Ethnologi Society, and others took part, the position of the flints beneath the stalagmite seemed tuobe admitted, Although contrr to the generally received opinion of the meet~ eminent geologists, thus carrying back the first occupation of Devontovery high aatiousty, but not such as to be at varince -with Scriptural chrG ology-the deposit of n stalagmib e being shown to have been much morerapid at those i hen the cave was nut inhabited by the greater dischag of carbonic acid gas. Without attempting to affix witlh any certainty more than a relative date to these several poimnts, or formng A. scriptural interpretation -upon natural, phenomena, which, as Bacon remarked, too often produces m. ly a false religion and a fantastic philosophy, Yr. V.iian suggeted that theredt was reason for believing thot the introduction of the muad yas occasioned, not b,r the compartively tranquil Mosaius. Deluge, 'which sparle the oliveanid allowed the ark- to float withot misraculous interp ition, but by the greater convulsion alluded to in tiher,s chapter of Gyenesis which destroyed tish pseexisting races of animals-most of those in ahis Cavern being of extinct speces, and prepared the earth for man and his contemporaries. The subject was also continued before the geolo-calo sectifn to-clay. SEcTcolN F.-EcoNomAo SCiECE 12ND STArTlarreg. W. Mi. Tartt, hNLS.A.-On some statistics bearing upon. relations existing between poverty and crime. Richard Bems,F MS-n the. statistics of Chel- tenham. Edward Clihboru.-On the tendency of uropeanraoses to becomae extinct in the United States. R. Thomson Jopling.-On the mortality among offiers Of the British army in the East. The Rev. C. H. £romby, X.A-Suggestions on the Peo- roesrRichard Homessy Wxlsh.-A. deduction from the statistics of crime foir the last 10 years. - SEcTro.N G.-MECHANICAL bOIEN'CE.- Dr. Green.-On-nanew railway break, invented by M1. Sioco, of Paris. James Thomason, C.E.-Report on dhoe measurement of water, by weir boards. G. Rennie, K.R.S.-On the development of heat by the agitation of fluids. In the eveninig there was a solera at tise College, 'which was attendled by nearly 1,000 persons. Thbe Lit-erary and Phbilosophiical Instituttion has been con- verted into a Geological RMueum for specimens of fossils found in thisi district and in analogouis strata throuighout the country. These are arranged insa series of glass cases, and form one of the best.collections of local geologlcal specImens ever exhibited at any meeting of the BritishA.ssocialion. On the sides of the room avariety of -well executtedl diagrams, ilustrative of the gelg ftsdistr ict, are displayed.~ ~~~~ls n hai day ext -A eoloica paryto harieldandits interest. hagloclit, vsitng ortsit Cort,andalso to, Chep~sto* Thebusnes o te BMiTENEHAI, AuG. Ul. The business of the arious sections was eumed thie morning at 11 o'clock, the attendance being unusually good, The following papers were read daing tbe day:- SEOTION A.-MifAT 'ErATICAL AND PaiYSIGAc SCINCrE. W7. Symons.-On a new form of cast-iron Galvanic BAttery. T. Dobson.-Oa the Balakldava Tempest. T. Dobson..-On the Causes of Great Iiundations. IL Poole.-Observations with the Aneroid Thermometer on the shores of the Dead Sea. - atev. H. HRal d-Meteoroioagical'Ob9=vations for 185 at Huggate, Yorkshire. Captain Woodall.BarmemtricalP and Thermometrical Observations at Scarborough. - Dr. Lee.-On, Negrettis Patent MIercuial inimum Thermome ter..I Intrmntfo bsrvn Professor Hennessy.-On an Instrumei for Observng Vertical Currents in-the Atmosphere. R: Garner.-On a Remarkable HAilstorm in North St-, fordshiie._ J. WelsL.-To Describe a Model of a Self-recording An4o mometer, designed aid conAractd by lir.!R,Beckley,- of Xew Observaory. J. WeU.-I rn ec for the Gradatio. of boiling p6in rThermaometer. B. Stewart.Description of a Th.ermusmeter for Measur. ha Pluctuations of Temperature.- 1,r. B. Vrvrs then laid befove the SeC tion some elaborate qand and South Devon co,s~ted rith ioeof seavcag of En,laud, asgivan in4+TneReportsof there hne2SUZI - 'I:i& '' i6 a eo.f ieryg:o,iidi io tbe leat mi 7 The tbe{ier, Sumary:- . -. He explained the pincpipes. upo 'which tIh cool Auners and mld winters gf South- Devon and Cor:walI to be aecounted for-namely, the equable temperature of the nse with which the peninsula is, surrounded. . He d oberved the surface water of-'Torbay- to-be-As miuch a 21 degrees above the meinimum temperature of the sir in winter, and 13 degrees below'the :namuwin summer.- He also sccounted for the equable hlygrometricl condition of the air by the same' canse-ihe temperature of the sea being frequently bove the 'dew point in winter and below it in snummer.3 He feviewed the inaccuraces in several medical publications, which lsadriced a prejudice- aganst South Dev0n es a summer iesiaence as being. too relaxing, while the exact contrary is shown by these observations. He exhibited-S. set -of his newly inventid meteorological instrumnentsfor- obtininrg all the i:ellyy important elements of -climate by one daIl eely, or monthly obervation, eapeciallyaelgistering hvgrnmcters; cne.fortbemsazium and rninimesm difference of the wet and diy bulb thermometers, the other for registering their aver.ge differene during xnyperiod oftime. In the discussion which- followed, Mr.; P2itchard related a strildng instance of the injury occasiohed ii a honse of exotic plants by vaiiations in the degree of humidity of the .air, and, expressed a higxh-opinion of the -value .oEthis instrument for horticultural as well as meteorological par- . A similr astiinate bad been expressed by. the London Horticultural Society, in '"honourable mention" aving' been, awarded to it at a recent meting of the counoiL. -- r. SEoX B.-CnYXIC_A, SCrmwz T.Horley;Onseveralrewnethodsmof d sf and brucia. AnownmethodofextracVingtfe alkaloids from nuomicA for toxicological and manufacturing oses. Experiments on acimainthanychnia, andprogslereaaons for the non-finding of strychnia in certain cases. a new method of institulting ost-mo,-tens researches for str ychsia. anelllpn J. Worsley, .L- a newr process for makdng SECTION G.GOIQ. Professor Rogers, of the United States, read per on the Correlation of the North American and BshPalaMozoic Strata. This paper very ably reviewed the continent of North America, and proposed a new nomenclature for the rocim. A discussion of very great length ensued between Sir B. T. Murchison and Professor Sedgwiclk, on the old debated ground of Silulia and Camnbria. Professor Phillips, and others, took part in this discussion. Professor Rogers, in reply, stated that as a repablicn and the disciple of an independent school of Geology, he wished to emancipate American geology from the trammels of English nomenclature. Sir R. J. Murchison read a paper on the Bone Beds of the Uper Ludlow Rcok, and the Base of the Old Red Sandstone; and Professor Phillips folowed -with the Report of Cleavage and .ohation of Rocks. SEcTiox D.-ZoOLOGY LAND BOENY, INCLVDIN&G - P1-SIOLOGY. Robert Patterson.-Reports on Forms for Dredging, and the Results of Dredging at Belfast. The Rev. C. P. Miles-Report on the Results ofDredging on the West Coast of Scotland. T. Egton.-Report on the Oyster and Oyster Beds of the British Shores. The Rev. P. Carpenter.-Report on the Molusca of California. Sir W.Jardine.-Report on the Artificial Propagation of Salmon in the Stormontfield Ponds of Perth. Professor Gregory.-BeNwEorm of Diatomacene from the Clyde. RobertDjumer.-On the Pearls of the Conway River, North Wales, with some Observations on the Xaturl Productions of the Neighbouring Coast. Professor Goodsir.-On the forphological Constitution of the Skeleton of the Vertebrate Head. Professor Goodsir.-On the Morphological Constitation of Limbs. Dr. Augustus Waller.-Experimental Researches on the Eye. G. B. Knowles.-On the Motions of Oscillatoria3. SECToN E.-GEoGux 'ny A?1D ETENOLOGY. J. B. Davis, F.S.A.-On the Forms of Anglo-Saxon Crania. Professor Bucknan, F.G.S., &c.-ot-eson some Antiqnes founad at Cirencester, as evidence of the Domestio Manners of the Romans. Sir Thomas Phillipps, Bart., ILA., F.R.S., &a.-On tho most ancient Map of Australia. Dr. E. K. Kane, N.S.W., (Gold Med.) R.G.S.-Report on his Expedition up Smith's Eound in search of Sir John Franklin. Captain Irniinger, R.D.N.-The Arctic Current around Greenlana. Dr. Rae, F.R.G.S.-Remarks on the Esquimaux. SEOTIO-r F-EC(soaro Sor.o I& STAISTICS G. G.Latham, LD.-Statistics ofthe Albanians. Louis KL Das, of Christiania.-On the last Census of the Laps of NSorwray. Professor Bichard'Eussey Wash, 1L.B.-A Deduction from the Statistics of Crime for the last Ten Years. Rev. John Clay.-On the relation botween Crime, Schooling, Attendance on Religious Worship, and Beer-houses. t. Barwick Lloyd Baker.-Statistics and Suggestions connected with the Reformation of Juvenile Offenders. R. Thompson JopEng.-On the Mortality among Officers of the British Army in the East. A paper was also read by Ml. DANsoN on the diversity of the measures used in the corn-markets of the united kingdom, and the consequent waste of labour involved in a comparison of their crent prices. The evil is tbe same that caused the appointment of a committee of the House of Commonsinlg33, "to inquire into the present practices of selling corn in the united ldngdom;" the report from which committee recommended a remedy that seems tohave been too complicated for adoption, and so had no effect. Taking the current circulars of upwards of 20 firms engaged as cornfactors in as many of the pncipal corp markets of the kingdom, Mr. Dansonenunerated the various measures llpon vhich the prices were quoted, some having reference to capacity only, some to weight only, and some to both; and the weights used varymg 'itn nearly every change of locality. In London the bushel of wheat and ael other grain is determined bythe imnerial measure. In Liverpool a bushel of wheat means 701b.; inBirmin,gham, 621b.; in Glocester, 601b.; and in Newcastle-on-Tyme, 631b. Again, in Birmin;ham, a brahel of barley means 491b. ; in Glocester, 50lb, en Leeds, 52i1b.1; and in Newcastle, 561b.; and to exctend tihe field of co parisonly extends the variety, of measures to be dealt with The following evils were specified, as resulting from this want of uniformniitin these markets, where, since the promulgation of the Imperial Measures Act, it is vulgry supposed that tolerable uiformity has existed:- *t. LThat in imot all es in which a se1er or buyer of agricultural produce has occasion to resort to morethan one market he is compelled to deal witl more than one mode of ascertaining the quantity sold; and that, while such differences -answer no good purpose whatever, they check the freedom of commercial intercourse,. afford faclities for the commission of fraud, often cane mistakes and disputes, and always involve trouble aRd loss of time ' 2. That the quotations by which producers, dealers, and the nubEc seek to inform themselves of the varations of the price of the same commodity at the same time in different pats of the kingdom fin order to their equslition by the legitimateactionl of trade), are deprived of a great part of their proper utility, in consequence of the weights or measures quoted for each locality being very commonly unintelligible in most others. "3. That the inconveniences thus arising are increased precisely in proporion as the commercial intercourse of each locality -wi every other in the kingdom .is promoted, by the improvement of road and postal communication and, hence, are now much greater than they were when reported on by the Parliamentary Committee of 1833, and are growing greater year by year." Apaper was also read in this section-by mr. W. x. TAuRs "tOn some statistics beam"ng upon the relations exiting etw reen Poverty and Crime. Alter alluding to the frands comp itted bythosewereiinthe eniosmentnotimeresl of competence but, of luxury, he continded that although poverty might be a rediteosirg state it was orrely an in. rediate cause of cime tte adlied wirth drunkenness anD ignorance. lt was proved by. prison returns irom the manuf- tuping - districts of Lncashire that crime incre sed 'uring periodis of proscerity; cad diminished (someftmes evento the exhtent of 40 percent) in immediotely succeed ing periods of adversity; plenty leading to viious inul gence, while Poverty was the severe teacher of economy and restraint. The same return sowned that the greater propor. portion of crimes committedere directly or indirecty tobe tracedto drunkenness. tAt the asi for o lncaster in the year ending in MIaroh,-1854, out of- 3SO of the worst cases, g0e lincluding 9 murders) were ctrle ton tis and and, of t temle nrisoners who came under the notice of the cturlin of -'the County Iouse of Correctione in 183 and P ,03s, or 41 per cent., were incapable of readincj 93S, or 36~ per cent., were unable to repeat Xthe lord's lrayer with any approach tb ceirmcy in the wgords or psroper com proeheion of their me nin; and 1,836, or 72 per cent were unable to understand the import of the plainest Len guage necessary to convey. istruction in moral and reli-. gious trth. Similar results woes shown -by the 'returns -from other- pla.ces. The remedy was the ereatest difEiculty. Somethiing, perhap, might bo accomplished by getting rid of thoinonstrousanonaly of raising :revenue from the vices oi the people;: for, -whatever may be showvn by tabulated retuns lie could not but believe that the es tablishmuent of beerhou ses had been thie gretest incoentive to crime that wras ever sanctioned Dby lgislative enactment One of tho judges (M1r. Jnstiee Wightmsn) kad declared his belief that drunlkenness would ultimtelyhbo - eradicated by -moral and - rligious instrulction. Mr.- Tartt hoped,' howrever, thiat, as the vices of the bigher classei are imitated by those below tbemn, their virtues may also have seine iifli- ence, and that the tempeanice which hs been substituted for debadng excesses in- the one may before long be witnessed in the other L --'. - ' ' . ; - - A discussion of about an bour followed, in 'which M. FI. D. Hill Dr. Far, Mr. xaatings, MYr.- Barick Baker, Professor Hancock, and Lord Stanley took pa.- SxCTio-rc G.--MxcHxCLNL L SCMCE. - . L. Boser.-On the msnufactre6- of iron and steel -without fuel.~.f NeW I- WIr.KeRLT of NewYork.-On communiniotion between. theAtLateac and Pacific Oceeans by the Ato and Torando -riers. - -- - . - -; - -= - B.. Methuleu, F..RbG.S.-On the inagemenL of cnereau, tile vessels, -ao Dr. Greene.-On a method of tunting iron with, irone d othermnetals withoult -wrelding, invented by 31.-S~iseo, -of A 1 meeting oE the general committee wtre held this aftr- Nooll,the?f J t ofd*&aMmak- (P- f r 4DauTibeney) Thzeiinut,s of ibe 4 ;6eY law:r ~ ~ Ciea aSsdi ? o_r sp eedi tned le froes Xh ma 1,1 d>tlu. Prvstand FeUowad TrInityCoi. iIhRoJi Acbadmt-a,d Boti dor l, Literary niosoi DoSocietDes of ..h ur Ho Lophica Xl oceyf-. .. nvting t;he asoiaEtionto'isit thea etio nmu h &' The CHraiat&Anm d tt it intended b IJnivemriy of Oxford to forarEd an ianvtation forl18a9. ctould DumG been cose to vin ofnchaer during--e time Dr the xibition te arton bialf oz tha city,f bat - thegt Duiblini had a ]Vrior claim on, the asociation, insanrech as it Wau 22 Ieas Sioc; they -visited that pLace. while'it was onaly -14 yar Bince MAncheCSter WAS.honoured by therrace Arfeirzemarkafrom Mr. IL MThNx,& .M* . itn repeto toe, iuvitdion-fromd Leed4 , ~ -x" Vir IL J., XuaiCrsox 3nowed tha the next_ineeting of the Britisk Aasocittion be b eddin Dublfin, ana the, motion having beeni seconded by Mr. waliroD P carried unanimously. - m~woon, )XJ'~ , On the motio'n of Dr. 'WjjXm7j, seconded by sir' w. IlAifio, D. lod waselctd reedet ornemxt ,
LATEST INTELIGNE. INDIA ATD 0IIINk. (Er S MAnTh-E A-ND 3aITISM 7=MORG_v.) TTIEsTeE, MONDAY, AUG. IL- The steamer 'Australi arrived to-day at half-paat 11 o'clocl; a.m., in 108 hours from Alexlandria, having left Alexandria on the 6th inst. The India mail was to leave Alexandria on the same day with intelligence from Calcutta to the 3d of July, Bombay to the lOtliof July, Hongkong, vi4 Calcutta, to the 14th of June, and Sigapora to the 2£th of June. Forty inches of rain had already farlen iat Bombay. There was much cholera in and about Agra. Bombay exchange was at 2s. 1d., and the moneymarket easy. Freights have dec'ined. Trade is quiet. At Calcutta exchange was 2s. ld., without extenaive operations. The produce-market iras dulL The accounts of the indigo crop are bad, and>the yield was estimated at 130,000maunds. Freights at Calcutta were very lowr. Americn. sbips accept $8 per ton to the United States. The mother of the esx-inog of Oude was to proceed to England by the Indus, from Alexandria. oa the 6th inst.
CoLoNEL ILArE, OF Kmira.-We announce, with mnuch regret, that Colonel Atwell Lakeonefth da. E=pnee26ant more recently 'lofNas"aseec - pedf by'the state of hIsis ealth t eiefo h on tany's service. We 1;elieve that he retiree on theTension. belonging to the rank- of a captain in the army. It is to be hoped, therefore, that HEd Maesty' Government will con.. fer on him. something more than miere barren -ranlc in, the Queen's se-r-ce. The Comnpany, however willtingthey may be on personal grounds to grant him a special allowance in consideration of the distinguished s-arvices rendered to the country by one of their officers, cannot but feed that those services were rendered to the Crown, and by the Crown ought to be specially rewarded. Apart from any elucancewhih thiey masy feel to deviakte from estabisbhed precedentsand-violate .fa fle-inciple, thle C"ompany, undler suchdcrcmnstances, conldharlyr-eward ColonielLIAak without constructivereilectionouthe Crown. Sucb,atleast, appeartobethd~cu~aca~e;bat he have liUttle ;dbbt hatHerMajstys Cveriet,while conflerrin&on ColnelLae acomisio inth Roalservice 'wil at the his ounry a tohmaef.-,,aW, Rde~and Co.'s OvecrAynomrnu AscyT oFz Moe,-T BLArwc.-A letter from Chamnounirofthelstinst., in the Saro2, Gazdt, sas"Thegrea evet ofthe day hero is an ascent of Mon Blanc, commnenced yesterday morning. at S o'clock, by a Mr.-Formnan, an 'Englishman, and hmE daughter. They arrived safely at thes Grands-Mulets at 3 o'clock in the aftermoor, and by the light of lanterns left this mlornin at 2 o'clo-ck to ascend the giant of the Alps. At 10 M.clothe smell party arrived on the crest of the highest mountain in Europe and after a halt of an hour left ona their retumn and reachedl this place at, 7 o'clock in the evening. This ascent will be talk-ed of as one of the wonders of the Talley, both on account of the little time employed1 (15. hourn to ascend, and seven to descend,. and of the intreoidity shown byMiss Forman, of whoma the- guides speak Ini rap. tures. This young lay is the fourth whio has performed1 this feat. The progress of the tDurists was eagerly watched. during the whole day. -and every window that commanded a view of the path was litginig wlith telescopa like miuskets frm loophwTole. Thearil Msos ChaGnomaws a perec triumph. All theinhabitntsayndngthereident freigners wentac ouBtamettemnad,h wholea be re-enitere tihepo ploce censtr andBristoln Sandamrng the IihRvDr.gHtenrv. Vr. Hpe"r, who has been appointedi Bishop of Christ Church, New Zealand, -were iconsecratted in the private c'hapl of Lambetha2Palace. At 1 o'clock the Archbishiop of Canterbury entered the chape, and was followedl byvthe Bishops. of Vinchester, Chic'hester, and Oxford, the Bishops elect; Dr.. TraverssTwiss, the-Vicar-General Dr RobertP1hilli3nore, M.P., Dr. Sh epherd, Nx. Frands VWtIyke, Her Mai esty' Procotor, Mr. Jam esaBarber, th.e Appator, theRer.,,. Hamp.- den Gurney, M.A., rector of St. a', Bryanstone-square tie p reacher of the a,adohrofcas ry'ee by the Rev. John Toa,BCL h rhihp~ hp lain, after --Ma'bcahsGaera h oscainsrie anVheW shp elect vested in their rces eeprsne to he rimteby the Bishops of Wrhse n xod The lesv. J. H. Gurney ascended thepulpit andeebected for his text the first and second verses of the second chal2ter of St. 'Paur's second epistle to T'imothy-"Be strong 2n the grace thatisin ChristJesus. Andthe things that thou hart heardof MeaMOnguilsnywitneass, t'hesaMe cMMit thouE to faithful mnen, who shall oe ableto teach others also." Therer. gentleman, inglancing at the preewut condition of thechurclr, expressed his regret that the pulpit haid not klepytpe wth thi growing inteligence of the ae and thatinaaeniber of sermons the ides were feir, the -aim unoertain, and the words feeble. Admnitting the increase of dissent, he thoughit the best way to meet it, and at the same timea to d-,A vaLnce the interests of t-he church, was by earnest work onL the paLrt of -the clergy rather thnb disquisitions on apo&tolical successions or otherasrs poinits of controversy. At the close _f. -he sermon the new biahons put orL the rest of the episcopal habit, and were admitfed to their office by the imposition of handsf, the Archbishop of Canterbury saying to each,-" Rieceivethe Holy Ghostfor the o%oac and work of a bishop in the church of Godl, now committedI unto thee by the impodition of our handa, in the name of the: Father, eLnd of the Son, and-of the Holy Ghost. And remnember that thou stir u -thbe grace of God which is giveni thee by the impositior o our handas, for God bath not given us the Egpirit of fear, but of power, and love, and soberniess, Dr, Daring, the mew Bisop of Gloucester and Bristol, is a brother of Sir Francis Baring, ILP. -Ho was educated. at Christchurch, Oxford; wlere 'he graduated in 1829, o'btaining a double first class. in, -1847, on the -resi"-naion- of the Very Rev. Dr. GeOO~ Chnanloer,D4.U , IPean of Chichester, he wasapotdy the rw to the rectory of All Soul,Iaganuae benefice which he reiged lastyerotanghlvigf 117napsfield, S-Lrmey. r. Harpe,tenwBso fhit church wasi educae tQensCaee xoi -eh graduated in I86 aigatidclwi lmc.H a origmnallydesigne frtemdCalpresonuhebam aprivate tutor- at Eton, and was a eghpeetdb h authorities of-the coUegie to the oftviiedMr roer, neariReading, whiclae hat hedu tersati , HIls dioceass comprise that portionofteidlisadf Now Zealand which -lies to the southwado agorpia linie drawn across,the mididle island at the nrlenon dary of the, territory set apart; for the Canterbuysitte- 3etto'eth r with -the southern inland- of NTew Zealand, teAcledIsleo, and -all adjacet islands lying to the southward of 43dl degres. -5 minutes oti south Ititude. :Birbop Harper will leave England in the course of a few - A Fmoni w0o A, BMRM.-&The bork CnstUtzf a states that a Mme H-;-of Clbonbro6lb, Queen's Coontyr, -wsUbemairietl on ak certain day to a- -Mr. M L'-- iAiiother lorer of thne lady enda(voured- to prevent it by collecting a party of friends, wlho aswisted habm in be' z-- the gate approaching to the lsdy'. honae; They also, placeaz lamgestoneaein front to ohetuct~ ~ o th PEM ,e aun in awaiting t'he arnim of )Ii _ anmd her friends. Ha -n arrived, snd finding the apprioach barred -inst Vier. some of the party. left the car erov theC obeeyrze. I sabe to them, when the lady,'Ws pounced upon by 'th jt~yfher formerlover,and thaastrugeeae the I bidegroom's party ecdeitvouriugtoreanhrndtsolr 1tocarLylher off. 'The ccaniet termhiated: in -~ie6ory for W-, the former lover who usmedted in plicire the lady on, a car and in teweting his mpe with his peLts, uithel.r of whom was head f upto Wdnesday lV* ThRiiixe bridegroom had his counteMnanc ivuch dmainsed. TILe nt. ter has oDme before theD magistates,
-FOEIGN L?NBLLIGENCE. -_ FRA,O, 1 (Iiow0 ov-Z ow- monal3poliPO2D .) [A porKn of the foUowing appe4ed iix our seoicd t&. - tioa of yeterdav.-I ,- I : : .- pAlrAI, SuxDvi,6 M. -1 -The despatch from Thner.mpia contained in-tG-day's- oozitrur, tatimg that the Russian commandaut of I Ramrs had announced to thlb Governor of Erzeroumr lin reidiness to give over ithe pLace. confirni aa far Wsit goes, the prediction litely venturedon by part of the Paris press, that no importance was to be, at.tache lto the hesitations and. pretensions of Rusida with respedc to the execution of the Treaty of Paris, .tthat'lepywould mot be ; im, and that all slight differenm.e woul2dbe arzuged. Buta lth6ugh~ ve-cannot suppo2ethat M.'doThouvenel avould have telegraphed m sauch pos.itive terms unless quite sure of the fact, there yet are persons incredulous as to the frankness and aincerityof- Russia who still 'doubt that the treatj Tvillbe fullv canied out, and who think they detect a 'deep design in the C'n. duet -o phat Power, whi-he thhy -suspect to- have the pressure of necessity- than. to put an end to' thie allianlce between -EnglarId and 3race. llhey' argue' that Rusia, believing' it to be neither the interest nor the inc'ikation of France again to take the field agaist her, would not be sorry to, engage in a single-handed contest'with, -Egland, against whom she issaid so cherish a very bitter feeling. Independently of the finncial conZid erations wbich soeie suppose to exist, there -certainly are motives for thining that the French-Governmelnt .would not wiingly again draw the sword against -Russaa. The 'mot attributed to Prince Orloff, on his return from the Paris Conferences, is well known-" Wha' a pity,'> he is reported to have saidtothe:EmperorAlexander, "thatyour Majesty's lamented fatherdidcnot know the Emperor Napol- leon; he would never have gone to war -with him."" Nowv that better acquaintance has been made, it is thought a very improbable contingency, at least for somoetime to come, that the Gallie and Muscovita ee5 Ahoild again stand opposed to each other. But those who attributo- to Russia a desire for a firsh quarrel vwth' England, and an intention toa seek it by not complying with all the terns oft tae Treaty of Paris, lose sight, I think. of the I treaty of the 15th of April, and a1so undei - xate the losses -nd embirrassinents which (whatever ather mii6tives 'and- vievs mray have concurred) *wer6 -certainly the main inducement to the Emperoir Alexander to-accept the 'terms proposed. - There 'cazn be no doubt asto the unpopularity Ot the war in -the greater-part of Russia, as to the -immense privations it imposed, and the heavy burden it witi -mpoitthe proprietor3 of the soil. The want of rail" zoads and the great extent of country rendered a- inarh more fatal than a hattle.- We have had thW -most~, oitive evidence from Southern Russia of the pitiable state in 'which the -troops proceeding to the Crinea appeared in the towns througEh which'they p.zsed,. of - the - nuimbers they left upon' the .-road, of the inadequate transport for ! sick and -ehausted straggrlers, of the dimninution of their streng,thby one half and even two-thirds before they get to Perekop. T do uot thzink we need seek'covert motives for the- readiness of Russia to make peace, any more than we should be justified in doUbtifl, -That, if a.disposition be shown to evade the terms upon .which: it was conciuded, France wil1 be. found aa prompt and determined as England and Austria in znsisting upaon their being fuUy carried out, and as ready as she ever his 'shown herself, Since first wve *-together entered upon the great contest now at an end, to act with-'us i the-spirit of frank and cordial co-operation.. - From Spain we learn the appointment of General . Serrano as Ambassador ab Paris, and of Don Cirilb ..Alvarez as. Mnistei of Grace and Justice, both 'which n.ominations are, now official. General Serrnno is not expectd here just yet, but a nevr Secretary of Embassy ilU arrive in a day or twit. The name of the new Minister of Justice is pr.bably not much known out of Spain, but there he is esteemed- as a disftinguished lawyer and consistent Liberal, belongmig to the section which ma, be terned the moderate Progresistas. He has never been a Minister, but in Esoartero's time he wza¶s offered the post he now occupies, and which, on his refusing it, was given to Eenor Arias Uria. ! The O'DonneU Cabinet still hesitates to declaue itself, an indecision much to be deplored. O'Donnell himself, there is scarcely a doubt, would adopt a liberal progammine, but he hlis to contend against -the opposition of the Court, and is also hampered by the wishes and persistence of certain Generals, who, although not 31inisters, must be considered to form part of the Governmient, or, at any rate, in a considerable degree to control its proceedings. BMessrs. Concha and Ros de Olano, whose aspirations are by no means Liberal, helpel O'Donnell in the fight and look for a share of the booty represented by the influence conferred by its success. Concha`,is .one of those, restleis intriguers vho are a curse to any Ministry to which they attach themselves ; he was born for a caorariUs, and his chief pleasure seems always to have been to meddle mischievously in Government without himself accepting the responsibility of a seat in the Cabinet.. It is now reported, I know not with what truth, that he would like to try his hand at govern- ment, and perhaps has an eye to the premierhiJp. He has sufficient confidence in himself to aspire to -onything, but is a dangerous man and not to be trusted. As toRos de Olano, his reputation.was made long ago, and a bad one it is. In Spain, where traitors are abundant, he is considered the doyen, - the chief and elder of that respectable fraternity. Nothing would please him better than to bringback Narvaez, and, although O'Donnell has been a good friend to him, and has stood by him stanchlythrough good and evil report, there can be no doubt that if the moment arrives when it can be done safely he will turn ag,ainst himv without the least compunc: . tion.- These political Generals are the curse of modemn Spain aind the great impediment to its pro.gres, prosperity, and tranquillity. The- latest accounts from Saragossa represent - things as perfectly tranquil and confidence as reviv- ing. The theatre hadreopened. A grand religious service, had taken 'place in honour of Nuestra Senora del Pilam, at which the staff and officers of the army and a great number of persons were present. The Epoca gives some details as to wvhat passed on the eve of the surrender. There was. an attempt of the democratic portion of the Militia and Free Corps to form a republican junta, but -this was ustated by the firm attitude of the majority of the l'ational Guard, the authorities, and the troops. The Free Corps was dissolved as soon as General Dulce entered the -place. The same journal says that there was a strong report of the recognition of the Queen of Spain by Russia. The Emperor, it was said, would signify to Her Catholic 31ajesty his accession to the throne, and thereupon diplomatic relations would .be renewed. A company of French steamers had -commenced iimning on the Mlediterranean coast of Spain. The Nlormandie, a fine French boat, had entered the Grao of Valencia on the 2d inst., and was to proceed on the Sd to Ialaga and other ports. If these steamers perforn their service well, they will be a great convenience to travellers, for the Spanish vessels that' have. hitherto run on that line are -extremely slow, andin mnany respects most undesirable conveyances. A French paperlately repeated the hackneyed and ridiculous assrtion that England's policy with respect to Spain wvas entirely subservient to her comnercial interests, and' that, if she supported Esparterg, it was merely because, under his rule, -therewere frequent disturbances, wwhich facilitated the intirouction of smuggled goods. The truth is that at no period of Espartero's rule, from ]854 to 1Sir,, were.there disturbances in any seaboard province of Spain of an extent or nature ,to -favour the contraband traffic, which is benefitted *9nly when pronuncimienais or movements -on * large scale occur, whiCt leave the district :ror a while almoat without government,! or, 9ccasion the drawing OR of the Cnrabiners.-.t as, lately, the civil guards having been called from their usual duties, we hear of innunerable robberies. So it was also that in 18-5 the Sirtorius (Government, haming concentrated the greater part of the civilguards in the tovns to prop its falling -tyranny, the highiwaymen flourished for a time. Siagg,ling into Spain is never a very difficult -maatter, since the enormousdutiesmake it worth the srauggler's while to payhigh, and tobHibe the guar- -iais of the revenue. .Al that is an understooa ri4Ag, andwll remn.ain so until a Spaiiish Governraateirists sufficientlg strong and sufficiently sensi- 1 alterte and divert into the treasythe lare sumS that are now alnnally pock;eted boy smugglers, custom-hlouse oficiials, anti. Carabin6ro3. But, to read the French_paper, whenl they get upon this theme onle would imagne the sumuggling un- port AW an glid-monop6iy.-A'little6candidnve4tigation alons the- Tenem fronties- woula.. -convince these imparti writers of thekr-error,-'Ad 5how them (i- thoydo no0t already k-roirct#): that France ontibute a' large usA7 o toh- lit trffic, and -that 'tegiblar comiinercialI conmpanies at llayonlue; Cleron as4 elsewhere actively carry it on. There are housesin'Paris engaged-iii the- Spanish trade which smcarely. ever. dream of introducing .their good& other"; 'ihbn by smuggling agencies. As an iUustration of ithie extent to whic'hthe system is carried on, I find itcatated in the 'spand of the 6th inst. that betw466 the 19th'and. 30th of July more thfan'6,000 bales of prohibited merehandise, consistig of clothauaohardw are, and porcelain, erer introduoed i,nto Spain'by the Alexaonese frontier, advantage beig taken 'of the absence of the'Carbineers. - - A letter from 'Budharet, in- the 'Iniep vdaizec 3elge, gives an' accou~nt of the read,ing of the firman which conferred on Prince Alexander Ghika' the' Idignity of Ennakin,-and aays that:t,he abs'ence from the cereimony of Baton von 3der, the Austrian Consul-General,' and the non-appearance -thtre of I any Austian officer, had' excited'remark, .sa tacit protest against' the choiee inade by thetfeortec Austria, asis well iknown, favoudred Prine Stirbey, riand, failhinbhn would gladly hasve iseen the goiern' ment of the province initrusted'to Prince .Bibeise9 or . I Cantaciuzenlo. The journals pbiSh h -"-w,teegrpi despatches t "MAJRSEItLEiS, AUG. 9. "The Thabor hbins accounts from Conitantinople of the 31st ult. "Baron da Talleyrand had arrived in that capital from Bucharest, where a grand banquet had been offered him. "Adespatch baid jusfrived, stating that the Aintster,of War of France b"d given the Sisters of Charity 300 beds, a; considerable msxt&id, and several woodan barraclk, for thei purposo of founding7a hospittal, destinza to receive the sick of all nations at Constantinople. "Varnawas completely evacated. "The Polish ion was returing to Constautinople, in order to be disbanded. It 'was said that the men of 'that 1 corps would be emnploye4 in the constructior.,f roas&. '', | "Admiral SteR left on the 29th for-the Black Sea with three steames The Admiral is to cruise offB2itsohi k until the complete evacuation of Kars and the solution of the difference relativo to the Island -of Serpents. It was;said 'thait some French steamers would join thie English flot;ilat. -The Ottoman Mifnisters ad held agranndCouncil, at which theEglish and French admirils were invited toattend." The Moniteut- publishes the returns of the gross receipt3 of the' French railways during the 'first six 'months bf -1856; which amounted to 123,961,4160f Compared with those of the coirnesponding period. ot 1855 there is an 'increase of 12,63?7,366f. The eX4; - ent of railway worked-on the 30th of June lat wn 5,90(7 kIdlometres, or 948'tore thanl at the same daite in 1855. The aver'age prodiuc per Idlometre was 21,998f., or 11449f. 1ess'th3n last year.: TURKEY. (FROM OIR ONw COR rPONDENT.) CONSTANTINOPLE, JUY 31.S It is but three months d a few days since the exchange of the ratifications of the treaty, and niot only the; e Crimea but Turkey likewise is evacuated by the whole.British army. HerMlajests ship Resolute takes on'board the last detachmgent' of the infantry"de'pt'of Scutari threemonths before the time allotted' by the 'converition. Of al1the' thousands who formed the British force in: the East there will be only 15 men remaining to-morrow with Gendral Storks, as orderlies, &c, Forty,ftve battalions of British infantry, 13 reg-iments of' eat'valry, 20 batteries of field -and horse artillery, thb largest siege train the world ever saw, augI-7 mented by no small number of Russian guns, 15,000' men (Sardinian troops) with all their maXid, and six regiments of the Foreign Legion, have been takeen away, part to England, part to diffierent points in the . Mediterranean; wvhile 20,000 of the Tur,kish Cona^.' tingent were brought down from Eertchito Consta' tinople. Besides this,.mount+sins of stores and prdvisions have been removed within the same pero of time, and either sold or transported to England. It is especially in this respect that- the siilitary and naval authorities at. Constantinople deserve praise for their.activity and management. Warned by the sad. experience of the winter of' 1854-55, the home authorities fell, in that of 185556, into 'the other extreme, and heaped up 'storesand provisions m such abundance that. they would have been iufficienit for twice 'the number of t,he British army. Although this was a fault on the' right side, yet,when peace came the embarrassments. were not diminished by it. Losses wvere actually. inevitable, and the question was to devise.Athe means by which these losses could be reduced to: the smallest amount. The freight of vessels be't&,' if anything, rather higher than during the .War,n the carrying back of cumbersome stores was out of the question. The great difficulty was where to draW; the line. It was calculated, for' instance, that the transport of a horse to England would be about' :301.; so all horses which were of less value wer sold. In spite of the number which had to he disposed: of, the sale succeeded better than could l e expected, and the horses, I amn told, fetched an average price of 201.' Another difficulty was' the huts and sheds, especially those which had been built on the spot, such as those in Galata-serai,', and the barracks and stables at Haidar Pasha. I As'they were erected on ground belonging to the Government or hi*ed from private individuals, they had'to b~e. sold for the value of the materials alone and. in large lots, which restricted the number of bidders. Carts, tools, and similar articles found no market at all, as they are not "used in the country; they had, there-, fore, all to be taken away. This was likewise the case with some kinds of provisions, such as salt n4eat;.' hay, barley,oats, and flour had a ready sale enough,.' but of course at low prices, so that several. specu-' iators have bought' large quantities of barley to send. to the Eng,lish market. The hay was mostly 'taken' by the Turkish Govermnpentat.25s. the ton., .'i Sacrifices of thiuskind mustaiways beexpec{d after a war, especially w.hen peace is so suddenlyconcluded andwhen the scene of warfareis so distant; *but the result, the speedy evacuation namely, is not-less satisfactory for that. InthisrespectI wish to draw your attention to one point, which contributed a great deal to thisresilt,and that is, theharmonywhich reigned between the different departments in' this place, and which alone made it possible. This is-so 'much the more praiseworthy, as there was no central authority of any kind to regulate and harmonize the activity of the differentdepartments, General Storks, Commissary-General Smnith, and Admimal Grey having been all independent of each other. The duties of the officers stationed here have certainly not been so brilliant as those of their com rades at the- seat 'of action; buttheyhavenot'lesa essentially contributed to the success of the war and it is to be hoped that their services will not 'e altogether overlooked. The only thin which remains now is the settlina of the respective cls of the English and Turih Goverment M'jor Gordon, Royal Engineers, 'has been appointed to settle the mniitarv' and Captain Borhise, R.N, the naval accounts,' between the two Governments. Admiral'Grey and General Storks's staff, with the exception 'of Major Macdonald, are leaving to-day in the Resolute. ' WVith the departure of the troops all the establishments made necessry by their presence have likewise been gradually broken up. 'First among these are the hospitals. The GeneralEHospital-and that at K'ululee have been shut for' some time, and' .both buildings given over to the Turks. The Paval Hospital at Therapi. vas closed last week, and, the Imperial kiosk which contained' It cleared out; about the same timno e 'h- stbatch -of sick-, 124 were embarked from the. Barrack Hospi6iul 'at Scutar 'The nedical departments and the medical 'system of the Britti h armay and navy had so many_ dark days and hoi'rs that it would be unfair not to do them justice when the occasion presents itself. Nobody, not even the inedical men themselves, will deny iheir ast sh6rtcomingi, 'but nobody likewise can deny ihat the health of the army 'duruig I the past winter, and'the'excellent state of 'the hospitals,hin the Rater period, are abiundant proofs that boththe system and tho men have all the elements 6fsuccess in them, and if rightly handled they are capable of competing with the medical organization of any afmay in the world.' ' - In speaking of our hotpitals it is imposible not to connect with them the name of Miss Nightingale. who, 'without 'exaggeration, may be called their tute!ar angel, to whose mediation it was chiefly due thatthe twvorival branches of the medical profession, I the military and eii surgeons, which were thrown' tgteinour hospitals under such critical circumntancsvNererouyohto'work hai-snoniouslytogether, .and to wihose initiative was chiefly dule the attempt I to raiso the moral chwarater of thie British ~eoldier.- -Wither usua.l desty, Mss Nightingale keptier' -dparture quitii cret in oiaet r . idToiw iX eonstratioi, -iA 'embarkedaitEli her iii&n -Smith, on boathe a FrenciilimLamuf.ror . n3Dland.. ' - - The tpeedy eacustion of theBritish-army, bsides beinga troo f the r sourcesof -EnglSnd,1+'eveu more aproof of her intention to cary oiitixts of the treaty in the fairest xpii 'nor areo'iUies Dehirdhand- in: this 'respeet and, ife tiiit account the greater numberof troops, the31S -days msore w-hicha it will *ae- them to evacuate Turke.y are not.at aZlltoo much;- They continue to -display .the greatest activity, and by thei1 th of next m,onth the lait Fronchi soldier wvill have left. ... In the face of theso endeivoursof the allies to eform -theirpart o the: eay, it is very unsatiafactory to see ever day ne p Vroofs of the very contrary on the sid, oftho Rusans. 'As I wote to you some. timae ago, thoy. aeem to give no signs of their inten-tion, to evaeuate Ran; -aud they still remain on- Serpent Island. To the lattesplace.they senteight' men, while the Turks have sent 50 and art officer to nduce thenmto with2 draw. TheCon m.issionin -Bessarabia is.ati .cora-' plete nstanidtill, through the eXcuseLof the necessity of referring everything to St. Petersburg. A7 these siga ofi 3not very conciliatory disposij. tion 'have 'iiiduced thel -allied lGovernments to -tk steps o. show .tho -Pusainz that, although the allied. armies have been withdrawn, France and Englan'd have still the eans of enforcing the observance of thetreaty, and l1ird lyons has received an order to 'send aflotill to tlieBlack Sea.' Accordingly,.two days ago- Admiirl Houston Stef-art. went up in the nnibal to Sebastopol, whenc-e he will pro. ceed to' Odessa and some other places. 'At the same :-.2me :Her Majesty's steamship 'Glafdiator, Captain Hillyer,. and the gunboat Snake, went to observe the imouths of the Danube. NTo Fiench -vessel has as - yet gone, but, should the Russians persist im keeping Ears -and -not leaving Serpent Iland, they will probably follow too. ' 'A Freuchnmin, ltely arrived fromia Sebastopol, re. pores that the RusAns have r'aised four 6f the zunkez vessels-t*oisteamers, a large corvette', and a r te and 'have set to repairing them. This latter part sensacarcely credib,le, as, according to the very best iaval authorities, none of the sankeii vesse3s could ever bo made serviceable.: Besides this Russian complication there seems to be another threateninzg; The TuAksin taking possession 'of Isinail 'hav raised. theree the Turkish flag., The Austrian agent there has- protested;' giving :as the reason of his protest that the tern. tory having been ceded -toMoldavis, not'to Turkey, the,Tarks--lhad no light to hoist. their flag:there. This protest'. is fantaniount to a protest- against 'the suz. ainzet of.thel'orte in the Principalities, and the more strange, as even-in-Serva,' which is' at lest as -independent ,of the Porte as the Principalities, nobody ever.questioned the right of the latter-to hoist 'its flag on the fortresses. evertheless Count Buol has suipported the protest of his agent, which is ' in 'direct cntadiction to the assurance -given by the Austriau Intemuncio the Turkish Govern. mient. - ; M.de TalUeyrand, theFrenchcomnmissioneFforithe reorganization of the Principalities, has arrivvd- b-by ffhe last AlLstrian steamer from Bucharest, where' he has been verywell receiv&. Ris Prussian colleague is likewise'on the way, but he is coming by Trieste., The last British officers who had been attachedito Omanr PsAa's army have gone-Colonel Ballard on .a special mission to India, and Colonels Cadell -aid Hinde to England. Thus the last trace of British influence in the Trkidsh army has vanished. The uncertainty in which these officers were kept about their fate raised the hope that the Turldsh Govern-. ment had the intention of availing themselve'3 of their services for the reorganization of the army, with which a two years' active campaign had madeo them-acquainted. 'Colonel -Ballard has been with the Turkish armv since the spring of -1854. He arrived just in tunefor the siege of Silistlia, and went there to share the. labours of Butler, after whose death, he was the only .Englishman in Silistria up to thtime it was relieved. 'He took a prominent part'in the passage of the Danube at Giurgevo, and led suc-' cessfully the right wing during that hotly contested day. After a short leave in XEngland he returnmd, and went wvith the first detachment of Turkish troops to upatoria, where together with the late Coloneli Ogilvie r and Coloiel Cadell, L6o passed the mostI critical time of the winter up to the arrival of Omnar Pasha's army, and laid the foundations 'of the - works there, which were afterwards extended. :In MiEngrelia he commanided- the three battalions! of Rifes,- who, according to all accounts, including the' Russian, w on the battle of the Ingour, and then pro. ' tected the retreat 'of 'the Turkish sarmt Rdu 'Rzleh. . t u PRUSSIA. (FroM oUn own coRnxsPo-NMU.) BERLAN, AUGUrIr 9. The capital of Prusia seems at the presen:t moment to have no other -destiny or' use in the world than to serve as a change-house or station on the road to Russia; the only object of interest is the movements of persons :going to the coronation: at Moscow, Afor at -present arrivals are the order of the day; but from the beginning of next week w'e may expect departures will be "all the go."' The postponement of:the day when the ceremony is to take place at MIoscow is attributed to al sorts of causes, of which the only two that are worth notice are-4, 'that the preparations would not be ready 'on the -day first named; and 2, that the bride elect of the Grand Duke Michael, the Princess Cecilia, of Badenj has been invited to 'be present- and that her preparations require a little extensioniof time; the latter seeming the less pro.- bable of the two, as,' if everything else were ready, it is hardly to be supposed but that the young lady's preparations could-be hastened so as to admit of the day originally fixed being kept to. The sudden depai.' ture.'ofthe'Grand Duke Nichola from St.-Petersbuirg forMdscow points also-thither as to the spot where, the -chief diffculty lies. The, Grand Duke 3Licaelhas not yetxetarned from Baden, but Prince William' of Baden, 'who hasecome from Carlsnhe, -and is goiAg' to Moscow; arrived here a day or'two ack. In ad-: dition to Princea Alexander of -:Eesse, who wlill very' probably receive again'from the ment which he formerly commanded in the ian anmy, the Princes Louis and Heinrich of. Hesse, is nephews,: have arrived here for the purpose of' accompanymig him. The various officers attached to the Sardinian and French missons are'also here on their' way to Moscow. Ditto, Prince Carl of Bavaria, ancl Prince Peter of Oldenburg, and a host of smaller fry whose names are neither known nor cared for in England. M. Thiers is staying at the same hotel with Sir Charles Napier, andlthe RussianConmnissary - for the regulation of the future organiz;tion o£the Danubian provinces, Bassily, has passed through here -to Vienna. i In about a week after the departure of his guests the King will leavelhere for the province of Prussiaywhere he will hold a number of reviews, and on thei 8th of September inaugurate the monument that has beeu eried there in' commemoration - of the Prussian feats of arms at Eylau in 1807. -Two .f 'the mosb prominent survivors of that engagement. arxe the present MiI&d-M3arshal Dohna and General'von Wiungel, the cowmander-in-.hief of all the forces in- the Mark of Brandenburg, -who will vei y shortly celebrate the 60th anniversary of his' en,trance into the army. - In ho:aour of the birthday of the reignirg mE- press of Russia, there was divine service celebrated J y,esterdiay in ESans tSouciaccording to the Greek rituaL.' - at which not only -'lhd Empress Motlier, but also the ling and Queen and all- the Princes and Princesses of. the. blood, were- present. Subsequlently the', offiDers. of the 6th Reoiment or Cuirass'ers (Kaiser Nicolaus von -Russland) 'were presented lto the; Empress. - Admiral von Ko1zak6ff, Adjujtant- General- of the Emperor, accompanied by Colo3ieli von Skolkoff and by.-Captain von, Weini,r, thecaptain of the RusSial war st6amer Olafi which has come to receive the Empress Mother, ari~ved here . to-day from Swinemuinde-; but 'it is- neverthelss. understood-that the Imperial lady has3gain changed: her mindf-w to retung to Russia by water, and |l M ;as lya'-at aranged, return by landmi'- RI , . . . . ITALY. - ' - (,om OUR OWN 0ORWOsNMT-, ,Tt.. IN- JuiY 7 An article which appeared in tlie C£' en 'ukjd 'Ifaltei d yeismeterday, and which beall the .snjP O£ Mihisterial'authority, i3-so ery.sigfiiEt,of the probable course of action. of--the- -Srdinia'n Governunent in tits principal cause of c6mplairnt against that of Austri, thattideritsthe full attention of those who would undoertand how the ijpte beit*n the two O:o the qiaest o e EoSa aiubjectlAtd s vd-a*bJt itf ii.. ikely t1'i %d'.& t' 'n be as well to premise t` the propertiea alIded to were aequeatrhtedh l1eeaxlypart of 1853.in oonseq ice, aa the-iuatrii Govemment pretded, of t1ieb olluioi6 Ettier,owners, iin theinsae;yti n , mgTy.emenfi; A l< t '. of .FebAiia ftkat .y6sr, b&h0ii,ogh.ic;: tor. Wht e,no 'an .genteeiesen-so punishedwerte, and 'alwavs-ha.vbeei, . : decidedly -oppo to -thes p«rtjwhich got uthat ,att,emp,antnd,no. eviden.ce wa,s ever sh.ofn to pro-ve , Ihr,bpcgtion ! inthi instance. .Thef propertie .ha,ve rein,s ien- qiies,uer ,ion, ever since, -aA bdeenI ; aspminiatered.by:agents -who ae iesponsihe toag Gai vfernm-ent] c6nuiiio :sitn at lMilan;; and -iUis -hrdly; ncesi-.t,o, aa,dd tqhat, 'undVer such ma-nae'me,nt, 'the. properties. and. th.eir- owners, and the: 'depeniaent aiid - ce~ditqSrs of~ tChe lattefi hve suier&incalcula:bleinjuiy .in the course of thie last~ ;T£hree years.' At the begnniig ;of this yesr-the-Aus* rif,an Go,vernm'ent sniai e khoW throuighlits dip i. .m;t. a'gents 'abroad thiat' those political e2nigk4s. ,Whose _p`ropertyi had rbee,n segu,etrated iwould bi allowed, to return dan d-ould-be estoed to their '- ht, on-their- ,,ah'ng subrmission oHi Ma6't the Emperor -of Austiia before the'end of 1856, and thEat those .w,h,o. dechined; k} returnl on such 'termsa Tould 1e- perwrtod -their propertie3; b'ut !1hat:the property of thosewho refiiedeitherItonaae submi'ssionoir-'to sell*ould be lwhndedovertoth6 ni6x hea -who wai -nI Austrian subject. - The .impe effiecnif this decre, is to forze men who have' already sufferedl, ninustcce ior three years to renouxncb .Ahe citizeusbipof-Sardinia,j which they had obtainedwith1the<consent of the&Austrian Government itsel! - :or 'ibhiit- to w thamaoui3t r~allyto confiication1;' fort is' .idiculous in the Austrian Govenment to. ;fEect a virtuoaisepiagnauiu' -to cosiiscation when t.t gives men whose.f;afnilies- have been owners. of the soil- of Lombardy -before the hoiuse of Hapnsb evder- gained the sovereignty- the option of a form,. ,sale, or transniision- to i: relative who must be an AuStii4n`su-bjectt ,'id,de iedes, itisadiAtinctyiolatioix of -existing fteaties betv een-Austria aud Saadini4, -whichallowmubjecta of one-State to hold property in "the, territory -of the other on the same terms as its owvn subjects. : - : Tie following are, the principal points of The *article to which I wish4to call your attention aWe are far from kmowing the intentions of the vienra Cabinet. Its conduct in this affair has been so faPout of *ordinamy justice,-and even of common sense, that itisini possibla to foreseg what measures Baron Bach may adopt at the end of theyear.. - ' " t, supposinig the Government of Viennareally vishes 'to execute thelast law, on the ssquestrations,whieh it took 0o -muach pains not to make known to the public, csn it be b, .ieved at Turi that the Government of the Xirrgwill con' tent itself vith 'somne protest hfter the fashion of the mca m'orandum of Geieral Dabormida? - What truth is theie ,in the rumour that- the -Sardinian Cabinet is prepauing to answer this new attaok of-the Austrian Government b!y :-macins' repnsals? - ; , I 'Piedmout has givenproTofa stockof patiencetruly admirabloe learlyj four peais these sequestrations have slow lasted, notwithstanding the benevolentinterveni'ioin of England and Erance. Ii- has shown itself- eyranl *concahating neverywaay wii& a neighbour whoicisnIted-i, and latterly it dectdtd that th e Arichbishop of M1ilan sh6u0i, 1>3 rehi ved froni the.taxes to wiuich he was subject- for his iposessseoas in Piedmont. lnfec; of law agreed w.itb nolitic~l' meno that it -was better to show generosity towards an Adversary, in spite of the violent opposition of public Opi.- Mon. -The -labinets of London and Paris-Lrd Palmer-. Ston and the Emupsror 1apoloon- -'knowv beforehand Whatwill be the conduct: of Piedmont in cae of the sale 'of the properties of Sardini3rs sulbjects. It is possible that tli_ most serious complications- may result from it, but the re'sponsibilityinustrestwiththose whoprovokethem, forPiedmont has done all it can onits side to avoid them. Ausria wishes to leave Piedmont in its righ .. I r tin the wrongitself, whose fanlt will it if sooverstrained .poitical position; shouldgivre rise to-an embarrassmentof which no -ono can tforeseef tha consequences ?. Thers are 'limits to the patience-of oGove:rnments as to that of indi- u'idusls: 4they cannot be pased' without trespassing on the1 -diity andhonour of the country." . 'aron Bach is shortly expected at Milan, and it, -is suppoed, that one object of his' journey has refe-. ren6ie .t the- piopert:es sequestrated. The late appoinitnent of' Baron Kubeck, a diplomatist hviO be=arthe character, of being skilled in international-IaW, -to the office of 'Tice~:President of the Lietite- -:Ltanucy56f Lombardy, also led people to believe that: the Austrii -Go'vrenenr meditated overture3 of. conciliation 'to the Government of King. Vict6ni. Eminmanel, so that'itis to behopedthe serious evils wvhich the writer ab6ve.qi;cted seems to anticipate ;asnay 'be n'avoided 'by the tubmiission of Austri *f. the laws of justice; even though postponed to the eleventh-houri. ThW project 'for a subscription to present the SardiniaOoveInvient -with -100)pieces of ordnance -for 'the fortificaiions of Alessairria has been receivedl in other paiti of Italy -with enthusiasm, arAd no doub the notification that the Governmenthas entertained ,the -ideal favourably,- whielt was published in tlie official 'Gazette the bther- day,. will further increause 'its -popuarity, ' a;s it: will be interpreted elsewhere-_ that the. Sardinian GoveLrment is ready to accept the' ,iftufor -the-protection of' Italian interests. - OGUnt; G avosreturned- t o Turin' to-day fromBa-veUno, on the,-Iago -Maggi>ore, -where he has besen th;e last fortniU,ht..- .: -. - * < The Au'tstriaAGovernmnent haas ratified the ar' Tangements .dt:fhe junction.' of the Lombard a 2idPiedmontese iRailwiys, as lixed by -the delegates of ea countryat':31ilan. -
ZASTERN HOSPITALS AND NGLIS21 Under this tit1e-a-Lady- volunteer" has published w-ork in- two "vlumnes, deseribing her experien6fs in- at dix the uick ad wounded of our army in.the ':EAt.- iBefore the .gntle, sm_pathetic spirit ir whic the authoress imderto-ok-her mission. of kcarity s and whic she. hs -abundantly iR~usd into her book, criticism. disearmsitaEl of zits. £Isual (sevtrityi1eing well content to .del texiderly' aith prodictiodni which, not only in te xnuject matter, but in :its treatment is filled writh theLpuIrest.and. beit! evidenoes of' womanly -ten'dekneas .- It is guite.a.literay novelty to finda feminine pen, without any implled.bresch1 of pro. priety or delicacy,=describng, as seen by the fair. writer, some of those :back.scenes which stmp their real-character apon the horrors of Lwarfare,. and e.able us. to look thriugh. the glory'and the pomp' *atthe humaa suffering aid mortality which: theycover, -but cannot compensate. The -arrative of-hoapitsa experionces in. the East form an appro-: priate addition. to The, records- of a stumggle which halb ene more;dznply chronicled and-illui tite thaj' aflya 4iii contest in- the world's .istozy.' VWhat: the_ nurses did for olr- sick ind wounded asoldiers-how. they ministered -to their wants and anisuaged their sufferings-how that' eoinposite body of 'hired' attendants,' Sisters, nuns, snidjladyTohluiteers worked together for a commoht ,objet-hov their'duties were appohtioned-and: howr, itihealth'or'illnes3, their time paed away, are' all faithfully and mniutly detailed in these volumes. lf any one wants to gauge the strength of womanly devotion in a cause wrell calculated to'test it, he will' find hereabundant matedals. Thesinple-niinded' frajuuess, ofth6authoxess haskeptnothing backfrom' himn. Down to the:minutestparticulars of the hoitil 'costume wor by herself and hercompanions, andto the smallest feuds among the Sisters, everything is carefxlly noted vith that conscientious and micro-' scopic fidelity of natrative which is so characteristic' of theo female intellect. One can, almost fancy. -theMS. sent home-to 'the pu'bishers in a scries of' closely ittn, dreadfuy crossed letters, with not a inger's breadth 'of the paper unoccupied orn fiaction of the postaVe -charge thrown 'away. The "Lady Volunteer" does not pump up her opinions in masculine fashion' from any profound depths of thought, nOr' is there any violent rummaging' of her memory" for facts worthy of being set' down.in her book. She writes what is uppermost at the moment, vithout premeditation,' ancd as if she' could keep nothing bak from the curiosity of the reader. A dash of sentimentalism in the tone and1 style of the- n-ork' affords occasionl glimpses of her own character,l-and helps us by inference toguess'wherein her companionsmore orlessresembled he:Yet it is onlyrightto observe that if, withoit. experience-in hospital-life, and mainly from a soit, of romanticbenevolence or spiritualism, somany oEourl countzbromen were induced to offier their services in the East, as they' became accuisfomed to: the. work they appear every. day to. Lhave taken a more. sensible and practical vieir. .of . their position and-- duties. The authoress states it as the conviction of most of them "that,' though in the great emergency that had called thein forth their efforts had been blessed to the relief of; much suffering, 'the system was based on no nerma.nena footing." This we believe to be the soundand right cdnelusion.' To organize lady nursing is a mere form' of dilettantism. Like many other hothobu,e growths of our social system, it may, under peculiar circumstances, flourish for a time 'out of doors, and i withstand bravely the vicissitudes 'of a new situation; but a little consideration must convince any unprejudiced per-' son that its vitality is only accidental, and not to be relied upon for a contiunance. Hlad the war lasted it would scarcely have survived any considerable-change in the theatre of operations; and in the nature of things it would be unreasonable to expect that women of gentle birth and refined ideas should longr be able to withstand ths stern and harrowmig scenes wvhich the hospitals of an army in thle field necessarily present. Our 'authoress, it appears, 'went out to the East with the second, batch of Sisters and nirses, under 31iss Stanley,' aud it was late in January, 1855, before she :comnmenced her labeurs. The worst period of hospital nismanagement was then past,' or nearly so -:31iss Nightingale and her devoted 'oand 'had' been at' work' since 'th(i beginningr of November, and, though the sickness and mor-. tality were still enormous, the tide of suffering was on the turn. The chief interest oi t,he volumes under review consists in the minute and, no doubt, faithful record"which they present oi' the daily life and occupation of sensitive Englsh women amid spectacles and duties entirelynew to Eihem and most -tring in their' character. In this respect the w,ork possesses considerable interest, andl affords most satisfactory and, conclusive evidence of the good which the Sisters and nurses effected. That they were devoted to their work of mercy, and endare! in the prosecution of 'it hardships, sickness, death' itself, no one now veitures to deny ; but the detailed narrative of' their services was wanting, and he:e we find ib collected in a permanent form. The advocates of Dr. Smith and the Medical Department of- the Army will, nb doubt, find maiiy holes 'to pick among the statements; and descriptions thus made pathc. They may point especialy. to the in]stances of favouritism towards'individual patients; with which. the book abounds, and it the system of petting wlhich amateurmnursps are so liable to indulcge in, and to other violations of good;'hbspital diseipline. But when they have ex-. hausied all their objections thebroad trth will remain thatto 'neutralize the evils arisig from t e' disorganized state of. the department, to insure for our: sick and wouined soldiers g'entle -and khid treatment, such as their services to their country merited,. the ,presence and exertions of so many English ladies at Scutari, ululee, 'mn'd Bala ava have- been of inestimable value. It 'was not so much' what ther'did in the way of nursiig as the moral, influence which they exercised, and; of which there are abundant examples 'in this work. Nor does the authoress confine' her readers to the wards in which she and her fellows laboured. She does not foruet to take them withhier occasionally to'inhale tle 're&eshiig breezes on the Bosphorus, to do some. shopping at Fereee to visit .the Sultan's ne Palace, the harem included, ' anlid even to hunt up the relics of the iByzantine period in Stamboul. They .[earnto overlook her sentimentalism for the sak e of the kindly, gentle heart 'which- sheunfolds to them, and to be amunsed at the -curious.manmer in.'which descriptions of costume . and other frivolities of this life run intto higher subDjects. On one point-we owe her a debt of gratitide,-one' which ve are sure the public and the subscribe to' the Sick and. Wounded Fund 'will not fail.to appreciate. She thus expresses herself 'on the s'ervices 'and unttimtely death of the gelltleinan"who isnccedeed' Mr. Macdonald iD thte a9hmnistratibn of the fund:-~ ~'ini~i Commissioner, ''tWo-spplied.to' SrStowe,li2iicsorn;oe, for brushes and'cemhs and 'manyodther afficles we reuired for the mnen.' -e~ -sent Them immediately. ' We gladlyI 'availed ourselves of his offer to give us any hlp Fe rnued from The Times Fund, and 'we can thsukfnfly hess tness to nnamberlesiscnfortfsand necessaaes'supplied by the fund to the sick.. hr. Stowe appeared a person admiably suited for his. pest. 'fe Lusited the hospital -conk'ntly and thoronghly, 'gai,in'g cbmplete insight into its worling. There were other vsitors to the hosPital, who paid 'their visits once 'a. fortnight or so, attended by a long train of. auth'rities,'and, though douotless it was meant for t -be,t, yet-it seemed ipossible for these. to gain such a- I;nowlIed¢e.pf the real wrants of the hospitals as a man who came'and went at any hour and-without observation. Great was' 'my atnisnisanent on: being told one day by a distx.? guish'ed persan th'at- !IS ;Times Coemmstsioner was' a *danrerons person.': I made no 'answer to the remark. Iving, as we then were, amid scenes of icImess and death, tending'the''sted,-fonrs of-those whom want and neglect hid brought to this dir cextreaity-seeing,as"we hourly did, th'e'llower of' the 'Beitish arny cut down in theprnme'of theiryouth and 'stieigth, my hsazt.'b s too sick and - to enter in'to any"'contioversy about the authorities and Mlize 'Timcs Comnissioner. I only knew one' let the men die 'for wsnt 'of thling'- the othcr provided thea. Thz" one talk&4, and the' other cede. - I could not help thinking ,that I cared.not w*ere the thingi came from 'so -tht they did come.aomehaw. So I'wentstraight'to ta' daneseous persn,"who!wa5 pacing-np and down thebsci.rd 'ith an airias if he cared very little what people - t qf him, anddlaid'i list of ourpreset-wants before hitm, - f- "Thes thingis- are promised,' -I said, 'bt- weshall hava to- wait'verylO gfor: tbem, even if we do get them at all' Xf' l Stoweowrtethem downinhisnote-boo*2WadbytlWt time tWe rnext dayvthey *ere on the soot. 'This energq was' exle of Mr. Stowi'schbarcteristscs A thiing.onceineiioned to hia' he never forgotind neverrsted till it adone He ias partieulrly.anxious on the subject of washisg. It -was eit esvil;but St tb.t tnntherowav o .ressedy M Stowe -a }idiwe-1heeliwshingrin;achinc i;reaag qladivoold be useful',bnt we toidhuntere wud' bnen place toput; thenfia and then tlie plan woeli quiz.mu supentndene,ior:*hiehweji adnoiimet-pe *'- haul not even timoeto rchinto the fuiliutent ofthe aib se r ?? 'a ,5t & %loi-r1h 3 "MI-evAld ijy I I -- 7 I .- ; . - I ? - itesf. Howevero his ltou l g bow. ccc cafld to - i,h awrsE.-.(it i .i.<, r rill . t mo Oc.a.ati . to%f--W .'i 4x. The lk. ii" xi.u stow. bsi~r uxnaay w4 wa th_ w_ -AOe.4r lug. He wrent to ib, Lb,mp, ,aad~ai~i~e th'e 2nan iO ttedthemitnelj d.Sthofwoeso imneed wi-st luinl,ee. who 'wil1 evmflreiaeiberliis Biw iieei' his' countxfg ce,s~, Jaisextre. cou rt frieindly ,n r lx.*ic'*1;he cherd,on thod - tha ad sriild lhroug that timie ofxidaf *ane.',.'. : Our spc will; not perinit of ,our qiioting fiiriher fonn these volumes;-bat 'we. couzld notSdJsor selves the mnelancholy gratification of rep ucipgQ -thisz feelingiaibute to'- tho 'memoryr of Mr. Stowe.' ~etrk,7 -ospi*4fiy anI En9g7.Sf Ywrtr8eswill nodei4 t .coinmaxdyaod ofrculation; and, ,though the ia tive co_mesoeaperiod'whell;edi#atrous breV. dlown of the M6edical Departmlent of- :the -arzniy-hi b'een to some extint retrieved, we trs that it*iill -help, to.kee,p slire-in the country the bitter but~ salutay iecollution of those di h'opiEal scencs 'in the Crimea andl on the J3osp horuswThich still;3end . 3 thrill of ,horror to the hearts of- those who iivtnesed them wahe rthe,yarerec311ed toThe min-d'3We eall ours,elves a-free asnd enlightenled people, anclve. plume ourselves -on our re3pect for 'h7umnarlife, but. L'whom harc r held responsibein this matter, ba-nd ' what garanteeshave 'we- ta3n oll for the future e Unfortunate, ill-useie Dr. Meozie baa been ae the scapegoat of the Medical ceopartment, 'tchche Director-eenergi is still pclniitte -to 'peside over, as if the stere ondoned- or forgottn. nd so, in after timues, people will say of this gonedation of Eng2ishmen-that, having iost the har of h nloble trmy by culpable neglect, they sabmittedt., that grievous-hlueiliation, satisfied with aosipiile change ofite cardl in politieal life, and allowing the clief culprit;3 ot onley to go free, but to 9-be honoured alnd rewarded for therfatal service3- .~ ~~~r _eze has ben,~d
tE POLZOK "D -IS -: (Fromibte WTeicrn Star.) It -wil be seen from our Assize reports that Mrr. pdl,lok hIAS At length oQetled in gaining aiverdict in his favour, and that tis ocecaso 'waa.sgnlie by another of thow acts Of princly, generosity wh1c hae o largely cbaractenjeed bis dealings with his tenants and dependanis in this'country. So soon as the finding of the jury was aunoanced,M-r. to'binson, Q.C., w~ho -had been instructed to tbat~:e%ict, offered, on-the part of Mrs. Pollok~ to allhw. the tenanU; to remain until the Id-, ofNIlovember, that they should be:persnitted to take awa:V their crops, andashould not be clI 'with the Arrears, or the costz of the present action. This offer 'was-at once' Accepted by counsel on behalf of the tenants, and a 'written agreement to that effect 'waa eitied into by the several Iparties. 'When it is considered that The tenants in question:i have been lair. PoUol'Bm Dst bitter and~ persevering foe.; that they have done everythintg in their power to stay his ixmbiiiVe3nents and'spre-ad' disaffection among his dependants ftihat, for nearly thiree of' the moat profitable years faimers haveseen f6r at leatA a qnarter of s. century, they have helat his lnd,anretusea o psyr ent; and that now,.-when. he has thmin his power, he. voluntarily frees them from all -arrears and aul law iasts, and bestows- to thefa the pigimt year's croprxent-free~-wheu alU these are fairly consadeA~d, itis bat justto sayi-hat he has treated them with afairness and a generosity to -which few parallels --in be found ln the annals of Iriflelaudlordism. We know something ofAhe reprisals.which land-holders have frequently made,iwhen. the law gave them lower over some refractory tenants, and we recogiize in thiip freewil act of Mr. PoRLo the carrying, out of a systemn -which cannot fail s'ltimately to makeh~im, a, pattern anud an,example to mnost-other landlords iiv this c-ountry. It s asum tht te lnd,beig tkenoutofthehbards of the present occunpi ers, is to be convertedl to no other pilrpose than the -fending f shee atnd cattle. But ev-ery - t elligent obseei-ver of Mr. Pollokds improvements will readily perceive 'that -the Dlan ho mleans to pursue is-totally different; that, in fact~, ill thom improvements point to the con.- version of the land, not into grazing, 'but into tillage farmns. The niumerous farmn-steidlings -in course of erection, all ef -them 'with steamt machiniery and thrashing3mills attached-the extensive preparations for stafeeding-the number of labourers cottages built neLd in prors-the.' fne r,oads that are being formed to: open upeliret communication with every corner of the estatethe great workshop sit Ochilmore, with its numerous:forges and lathes, and its varied machinery-the -saw-mill. alredy at-wok, ad th magnficet stans- ullcourse of erectionL -the ino-the mienbuve Of almhepelesi'orks n, cm -bpox eet ndriin,,ecng ubslugcadgre her of: rosperous adidsrostnns htsc is r oilo'k's deliberate intention there caua be no room to doubt; for not only does the system he is pursuing clearly indicate it,but wre have his- own statehient to that effect. We understand th%t hea -was asked, in a -friendly 'way by his fellow gr-and jurors in Galway2last weelk -what he intended to do with his immense property in-this country--did he purpose retaining it allin hiis own hands, or to let it out again in farms? We believe, he replied, that, exceptonebarm (Lismany), his initention was to let the 'Wh, e of it to tenants so soon as his improVembuts were cenmpleted anfd t-he land in a fit state- for profitable cultivationi. He was asked if he intended to bring over to this country a boay of Scotch farmer-s and supplant the Irish Z flEe replied that in 'all cases 'where a pralerence' could be given it 'would be' given to the Irish, especially to the former ocbupibr-s on the estites. He further stated, -that he would not. et an acre' to middlemen or non-r6sidenb fansieis, who 'would inifallibly upset his planes for the carry-. ingout of a successful system of tilago, and introduc-sm of te 'worst.evils froum 'which the lower classes in' this coruntry have long bBeen suffering. We have heard that five farnis on the West Estlate are no-w ready, or nearly so;- for tenants; said 'we Iniow as a matter of fact that the ~only farm which: has yet been let by Mr. Poollo has been let to a formier tenant. onx the property. The principle on which he has set out, and 'which has beeriiz:ost ably carriedR out by his aggent, Mr. Algio, is-that implied, in -the classic 'words, now become A proverb, Tr-o, Tsa-ius eaiA8 nvuUD discr-iaine. aqetur ; the only ~exception being whnat 'we have already Intimated, that, other things.being equil; a previous occapier of thae soil is and- shal be p:-efefree. Ini carrving ont this pricpei i worthy of remuieli that of the 2i stewards employed,~ oenLtthe' estates 15 are Irish and nine Scotc'h, and it is qnestionable whether any or eon-many of the latter -would have been employed-:had it not teen that they- -were better qualified by experience and habits for carrying out the improvedi system of agriculto~re which it 'was conisidered necarytadp.-i. capbiltie ofhisIrih sewads,andhis- confidence in the effcincyan sel wit 'hic teycarry out the-work
3J>:Asamis sAr Won:m .-Eevw recemnt volumeg of Parliamentary literature will be found more interesting, though 'many mnore profitable or practical, than the blueboolk wlicn. contains fhe proceedfngs of the "select. com.nmittAsea;ppointed to inquire intotheexpediency of establish- ing 4.q-mtable tribumais for the amicable adjustment of differences between masters and operatives." The object -eimced at is most. desirable; but the question is, is it:practi- cable? 7 And thenaswer to that question pronounced, sr at least suggested by the proceedings of the committee, and even b.y the report, is, we cannot reErain from iyingthough, on such a matter. we wrould, as I et rather speak iQdecisivelyand with qialificationsomewhat to the effect -that it is not only far from being obviously practicable as to accomplishment, but that there am rsons to doubtivhether it is rational even as to attempt or proposaL "CAmicable adjustment," concilistion, peace, and harmony -are_rihdeniably elxcllent thlings, not merely as Ib between masters and cperatives," but in all human affairs ; and yet it is a melanchedly truth that the World is full of strife znc struggle and that,with fewx axd small exceptions, no'disputesve settled otherwie than by force, or litigation, or-ill$h higgling of the inarket." Do -the "differences ;betweer! msters and operatives" present any peculiatrties enabling them to bes dealt with in an easier'anc pleasnter wy than thel differences between other people? Possibly, in omepelarcases,and on some subordit pornts, an ":iE:qutable iT.ribuna"-which seems to mean a mXUtullyl chesen cormmitte-ght aUay irritationj and-preyent strnkes; but, to:say nting a',present on the question wrhetheritisneceasrSto involce thne aid of legiation to .provide such *. committe, it does not appear that iln- the anain ths differences betwueen t he4e two classes admit of anu other adjustment thaa the differences betweenother aciises dealing with each other. The relation of "masters and oueratives"is that of buyers and sellUra, with the addition ,e some complexities not inherent to ordinary buying-au& seling; andia there Anyraticnal. ground. ior hoping that that elation can be .T%-41A otherwise than are the relations between any other traffickers in the mariket-,by demnand and supply sato the inalng of the contract, and the ordinay courts of cjustce in disputes as toite fulfilment'? To some people it seems "l sarth to alc in this way,'-and it was doubtles such pe ox, 1 4mearted and - t'hat ttned the jppointment of thc cornmittecofinqiy. But,if tie trut ishaa it ir betir to Present it at once and to look it in the face, than to distract ad1419 anp t -y speaing about and searcling for acmetA U na Ze ,Of thirc fact the evidenc tfakea before the eommittee, and its effece upon the comnittee, ai "i=hibited in the v rious reortk propoee, afford abundat,eona firmation. I.yg And,a two or three witneacs who6x6ted clearly and atogIryr3ious aa -o the etibre impaeisaA lity sad el'onzih e timeprojeetunde oadeertca of the c nnittei we iind amg the maw of thiwANeXmes brout up b!y tbe p2amee the inquiry Mek iYsgue. esstofideaasto-theitica, j tiobdpWS of Yhe peopeeda, ."&qgei Tnbeaa" a ime *ihole questicas beeeems~. e.eopea in a imist of _i ine ilia which ii likely to bide it fro p aette iiAd ian wh.bich tht |Le of jim. *OWAT6 am quite tojhe loet thei=wfay. lNo lsa ta l divSd &t re-ores Pro posed and-tie oneado e a tohavebeess reo6mimnied * it~ b&ihuyiaEk OOe I vay-or tie otier thi any of t3'¢ ewrbest(h et; 3it£b maeethlaai vgotEf,' iie 'jwifous qisston." In aI wd, itYISeasto ustThatti;~con. initt are cely aecceledin)D eposig and enecpifpyjng i Sa great if sethope,leii di.lflmliee of the cst nihih per. I-imaps, is nol: tien lies a pebLic service taiU it. Eia, b*a |derquiatpily.--iSQQ 8 - -l - *
SUMMTER ASSIZES. I%TORTH1,RN IrRrrTT'T _- LIVERPOOL AUG. 1L alr. JusticAVe WLIEs opened the comnmission for South lancashire at this town on Saturday. s toMLRDsarp charged the grand jury, and sat for the trial of prisoners at 12 o'clock to-day, at St. George's-halI, EZr Baron Bramnwell sitting at 2 on the Civil Side. The calendar is an unusual1y heavy one, containing the maines of 169 prisoners. Of these 4 are charged with mnurJer, 9 with manslaughter, 2 with attempt to murder, 16Cwith stabbing- S vwith wounding with mtent to do grievous bodily harm, 10 with rape, 48 vwith burglary, 12 -with robbery, 6 with housebreaking, 2 with forgery, 4with ni ght poaching, 1S with riot, 5 with bigamy, 1 with concealmnent of birth, and the zest with mninor offences. * Tne cause list contains an entry of 102 causes, 36 of which are in the Salford list, and 66 in the West Derby list. nImmediately before the business commenced in the Crown Court, Mr. Justice WILIEs observed a member of the Society of Priends seated in the grand jury box. with his Slat on. Addressing him, his Lordship said,-Sir, I see you w7ith your hat on in court. I must request you to tal e it off I don't assume it to 'be done with: any intentional disrespect on your part, as I know that mnembers of your persuasion have an objection to take off -our hats in any assembly. But wearing the hat has nothing to do with religion; the hat is amere coverig for the head. which every one in courb has taken off but yourself. I' aontlt wear my hat; and I hope that your own good sense' will point outto you the propriety or takfngyour's off; and you wil oblige me by doing so. The Quaker gentleman, who had stood up on being addressed by the judge, here rubbed his hands nervously' over the handle of his umbrella, and without the slightest indication of any intention to remove his hat, said to his tordship,-" I don't think good sense has anything to do with it. I am a member of a -ersunsion that for 200 years las objected to remove the at in any presence, and I -object therefore to remove mine. I was very roughly - handled in court this morning for refusing to take it off." His LORDS11P.-I am very sorry to hear that. I have mear relatives of my own who are of your persuasion, but I never knew any one of them object to remove his hat when reasonably requested to do so. Your persisting to wear your hat is a mark of disrespect, and if you choose to -p-rsist in wearing it I must request you to retire from the coutt. The Quaker gentleman here, amid a somewhat general tiltter, turned zound and walked out of the grand jury box nnd the court. with his hat well on his head, and with the stiff-necked bolt upright gait of a man who has successfully performed a disagreea le but great moral duty. The first case called on was a charge of burglary at a grocer's shop atM.nchcsterz agst two boys, and the first wit- mezs caeled to support the charge was a Quaker named right (the prosecutior), who appeared without his hat, and . ,irined, be.ore giving nis evidence, in the ordinary way. - ' lis LORDSBIE;, in sumiing up, alluded hMed to - what bad taken place, saying he had no wish to nterfere with the conscie-ntious scrupIes of any perron in court, contrasting the conduct of Mr. Wright, who laid appeared properly without his hat in court, and ahfo had business there. with that of the Quaker gentleman *who had persisted in wearing his hat, and w1ho appeared to have no business to call for his attendance at the court, and #a3th were of the same religious persuasion. His duty, however, was to prevent an exhibition of disrespect toth Cout 3by a person who appeared not to be compelled to be there. Mr. Wright, the witness in the case, here stood 7up, and prote.ted to the jury that he had no intention to show any -n-respect to the Court in what he had done. His LOBSsRI looked at the witness with a puzzled and surprised air, and said, "What, are you the gentleman who just now left the court with his hat on?" The witness admitted that he wns, amid much amuse:nent, and sat down with his hat off. Several chees of burglary, having in them no feature of aeere dispod of in the couse of the afternoon. CrVuI CoURT.-(Before iUr. £Ei-a BPiwELL.) THAC=-E-AITE V_ SOUGHSN. 7his Was an action of trespass for an assault. 1r. Fernley appeared for the plairtiff; and Mr. Wheeler Tor the defendait. The Plaintiff, t -aippeared, is an attorney at Manchester, znd the defenriant is also in business at that town, and em- Il6yedtheplaintiffin .arch last to collect some small debts or u:, w ha a greement to allow him his costs as an nttarney and 20 per cent. commission. On the 5th of June last the defendant went to the plaintifs office and asked to Zee him, and then sid he had come to have a settlement. The plaintiff toldhim he had nomoney for him, and the defendanutthen said, "he would have money or blood." The plaintiffthen told the defendant not to get into a passioi, und showed him his account, from which it appeared that the defendant was indebted to the pLtiff Tfe defendantthen remarked that the plaintiff was just like all lawyers started up and locked the room door, and immediaitely after laroke his walling stick over theplaintiffTs head, cutting open his head. and so seriously inkuring him that he was --confined in bed - for t7o. or three weeks afterwards. The plaintiif having proved these facts, TIhelearned counsel for the deiendan., after conferring with the lened couansel for the pL-'intiff, announced that lie coulnoexuso the assault, ,anld tdhamhae had agreed to a Verdict accordingly.
ZMDDrESEX SEMSO-Y4 A.ondayj tig. LL (Befo7cez_tr. Bujs,, Q.0.1 Xeny 1Wifiains w indicted for having embezzled tbh sum of 21 13s, which he had received on account of Georg L~eftwich and others, his riaem erg * Mr. Metaslofe appeared for the peosecution; Mr. Sleigh - ifor the prisoner. The prosecutors were ice merchanfs, carrying on business 5n Cumberland-maricet, and the prisoner had beeni in their :oncrvie as carman. 7He wi taken -beforc a magistte oi snother charge of embo7zlement,- but was dibcharged after . .ing tssace remanded, and subseqently ho as charged ifth the offence now imputed to Ain. A notice of Zrction had been sered on the prosecnt= with rese t the first harge, ad ic ras leged that the pzeeint eh:'ge vas preiczred .afer they ne of thro action, but that was dniueed by Mr. Leitwich It appeared that the prisoner Laving found tht he had not pa over the sum in quesioz' rent it to one of the ectoc's servants, who entered it m tl:e bookr, bu the eny waserased It s erged that tibis * an done after the charge raa preEerwed. MTh jr, withot haring the daence out, returned v. vordict of 1Vot GetiZt'. Joseph 04 a Iclnnn, described as an agent, 50 enreofa= e, as indicted for having indecently. exp*scd ms2Jf m inthetGrecnPare M. Met:lfe (With whomw as Mr. UogieIzs forthc prorecutin; Ir. Sleigh for the 'prisoner.: - The offenca stt fohfi in the indicment ws cons'tted n tle 29th oz JzT17 but AMCCerDsg to the evidclc 9'o tWP litile &irls, tha prisoner had been pursuing the same abominable course of coudu:e.for a ery oonsiderable period, . . - tl The jy-foet(d- him Ga'ty; a-d, as he had been ioreconvicted o;a simiIsw offenc - -- !r. Bss sentenced him to 2-month!? head labour. -- * . . (3cforc JIr. Cll3 .)A :: : 13dvin Barton -was .iCed for h;7ing' eml,ez21ledihe =um -of lOs., 5s. 'Sd., and s.. r'eceived by hiimonaccountof George Ray; his master. ; Mr. J. P. Doyle appeared for the ecution; Mr. raibi .fortho prisoner. ' '' ' '' The prosecntor wsas a sodaw ater and gingerbeer miiani.' - turer, mn Arillery-rowv, Wfeetmati;, .and the prnsonear had been i his service ascaXrman. He w;se ohredi.th appro-' priatig to himself several sums'received by binin that -capacity, bit the casewas notninde outand be wa4c4ued en two indictments. Comelius. Collins was indicted for assaulting CharIes lfs.rh, andiaffieting upon him grevous bodily harm. ' Mxr. 1'Enteer wa counsel for thg proseaution,. Mr. Metc"Ife for the prisoner. 'It appeared that the prosecutor who is a carmau living inrGown-street, Soho, was with hLs employer at a publichouse ina that street on the evening of the 26th of July having some 'beer. The prisoner wa.-V hero in lipor, quarrelling, and he ~chsllenged the proecutor tofight hfi. .ti refused, andthe -prisoner struekhim.a Abow ich he returned. The next low given bythe prisoner knocked tha other -down, and the prisoner fell spe hinm and kit off a piece of his nose. . He was tken to the hospital, where the wound was attenaed .th,,5ndapieceof his nose, which was-hanging byabit of sean, was sown in its place. The jury, found the prisoner Guilty on the second and third counts of the indictment. Ir. l CicrsY sentenced hm to seven 3ionths' hard. labour. i-ATWlliamnDowvneywasindicted foihaving stolen sixfeet of lead, the property of James Thomas Ward. hlr. Metefe prosecuted; MSr. Ribton defended. It appeared that the prisoner had becn sent with 25 feet of Sipe to do a plumbing jXb, end the charge was that he had stolen six feet oub o tht quantity- The juryloun&ghim ZVot Guctqy. Josiah ilackham, 28, John Xggelton, 23, Heiry Read;. 25, George Hodgson, 27, and William' .imeman, 32,. were' indicted for stealing the sin of L91., 'the moneys ofiWilliam Abrey, from his person. M&-. Ribton cor(ducted tho prosecution; Mr. Mletcalfe' appeared for Freeman, Hodgson and Read, Mr. Dily for kgIvton, and Mr. Reed for BlAWhan.- jTlhis wasa case of highway:robbery, alt&ough in the in. dictment it was ckarged merelyjas larceny from the person. The prosecutor was a farmer at Pinner, and from his evi dence it appeared that one day he was -in the compan; of 'the prisoners at the ]?lonahpublichoune, Wzntbourae-grean, drinking, and he drove them in hi cart to a place TWil. lesden, thence to the Oange Tree, at Stone-bridge, -where they robbed him of all his money, about l91., Blackham holding him while Eigg.lton emptied his pocket, the others aiding and assisting. The prisoners were seen in the prosecuter's company shtortly before the robbery.-'' |Witnesses were caled as to the good character of all tiM pnsoners, and one of them, Biackhalm, it was etated was a- person of some little means. Last Tuesday rweek he received 5501en the ale of a small freehold propertyin Harrow. road. The jury found them Guilty and recommended them to fr. CBIAsY sentenced Eggelton to six and each of the, others to four months hard labour. M:. CP.ELsy then discharged the jury, and thankked'them in the name of the county for their services. The Foreman said, ho was desiredby his brother jurors to 'express to the leaned judge their best thanks for his most kind and gentlemanly conduct during their'attendance, and if he might go so far, hew;vould addalso for the maniner in wrhich he had disposed of the business brogtbfr 'them. rought before' Mr. CrrAsY said, he felt obliged to them. The Court then adjourned.
POIlCE. MASIoI-HOUSE.-Mr. Michael George Ryan, a fashion-' ably-dressed you manof aboutl8years of age,was brought before the LORD, AvYOn, charged mith having,threatened to stab Mr. John Mache, proprietor of Mullins's Hotel, 11, Ironmonger-lane, Cheupside, with a dagger. Mr. loss appeared on behalf of the defendant. The prosecutor,having been sworn, said.-I knew nothing of the defendant until he came to lodge at my hotel about a week ago. Aboutl o'clock yesterday (Sunday) morning l met him coming out of my watercloset, and told him I had found it in a state in which I did not expect to find it. He made a remark to me which I did not understand, and at the same time drew from his coat the dagger produced (a most formidable weapon about a foot in length), and held it in a menacing attitude towards me. He then went into his bedroom, and I sent for a policeman. The defendant and a friend of his occupied a double-bedded room. Mir. Moss-In wbat state were you when the defendant drew the dagger,---were you in your sober senses? Frosecutor.-I wvas. Mr. Moss.-Upon your oath, were you not drunk? Prosecutor.-uertainly not. I did not refuse to allow another gentleman to leave my house till a policeman was called in. I did not demand of him 501., or 401., or 301. before I wouldallow him to depart; but If did insist upon his Paying me -01. before he left. Mr. Foss.-Did that gentleman owe you 101.? Prosecutor.-I don't think he did. Mr. Moss.-Did you not return him the difference betwveen what he owed vou and the 10!. yesterday? rrosecutor.-No; Mrs. Mackie did. Mr. Moss.-Will you swear that you are not known to the polce as being in the habit of getting drunk and quarealing with your customers? Prosecutor.-I am not so known. Mr. Moss.-I will call a gentleman to prove it. The Lord MAYO.-You cannot call a witness to put the complainant on his trial. Even if the complainant Was! drunk, it is no reason why your client should brandish a; dagger over his head. Mr. Mifom.-I trust I shaR be able before the case is concluded to satisfyyour Lordship that the prosecutor was not in a position to give the defendant into custody. Poice-constable W. Wllloughby, No. 4S, said,-I was, called by Mr. Mackie to take the defendant into custody. I found two persons in the bedroom, one of whom vas -the: defendant, who wasin his trowsers only, and hadthe dagger; produced suspended from a strap round.his body. He was quite sober. The LORD MA.vFos.-You ear that the defendant was sober; in what state was the prosecutor ? Witnsss.-A little the worse for drink. Mr. Moss, on behalf of the defendant, said that the latter{ had purchased the dagger for the pur,pose of taking it axthhim to Buenos Ayres, for which porr be and a gentleman who had been staying with him at the -hotel of the prosei cutor for a weak prior to the disturbance were about to sail; He (Mr. Moss) could not for a moment- justify the conduct of the defendant in drawing the dagger, but he was in structed by his client to state that the prosecutor at the time of the altercation was drunk, and, without the least prrvocation, threatened to throw thR defendant dow stairs. tTo the prosecutor).-Will you withdraw the charge ? Prosecutor.-If I withdraw the charge, will you withdraw the insinuationx as to my being drunk?9 Mr. Mom-NTo, certainly not; beeauxse your own witness, -the officer, has proved you were drunk, in spite of your oWn dxenial of the fact. I Mr. Edward Healey, a fashionably-dressed young gentle; man, of about the same age as the defendant, and who gave -lhis evidence In a remarkably clear manner, said,-The defendant and I came from Ireland together about 10 days ago, and put up at the hotel of Mr. Mlackie from the time of our arrival till the occurrence of the disturbaneeI A few days ago we paid for our passage to Buenos] Ayres, for which port the vessel by which we are - booked sails on Wednesday next. My friend purchased the dagger for the purpose, as he told me, of defending himself in the event of a mutiny happening during the voyage. (Laughte.) On the night of the disturbance I observed that MI. 3Mackie, whom I did not then know to be the proprietot of the hotel, was drunk, and I had seeD him danik on two previous occasions. I,vent to - bed, and shortly afterwards I heard some words passing between Mr. Machie andmy friend; and when the latter came into the bedroom I aMed him what was the matter. He replied, " A drunken man wanted to throw me, downstairs. ' That man (Mr. MIacke) came to the- door and began to abuse us I immediately opened the door an;J said to 'a policeman whom I saw oi the landing, "You Inust Protect, us from the annoyance of this man; yen see he is drunkhe is a madman. I shall not stoD here." I irsmediatel' packed up my things, and said I should leave the hotet. upon which .hMckie,who was dreadfully excited, en-' tezed the room, and, holding hisclinched fist inmy friend'sface, said, "Illmake you pay for this." The policeman. waspresent all thistimne, and both heard and saw everything that took place. The LORD MA~YOR (to the officer).-Is all this true? Officer.-No.- M1r. Healey.-I mest solemnly declare every word of itto be true. I then offered to pay the bill, upon which Mr.J MacIle said, "N No, you shaU not leave my hotel unless you. gle me 501." I then desired the- porter to let me outy1 which he refused to do, saying that his master would dis-I eharge him if he acted contrary to his orders. Upon this I went to the coffee-room and callea for a polceman, when constable No. 451 came up, and he saw Mr. Mackie sign a [receipt for the 107. which Ipaid him. The LoRD Man non.-It is quite clear that either the last witness or the policeman has not told the whole truth. What iS the defendant? I Mr. Heaiey.-He has been a clerk in Ireland. :He has friends in Buenos Ayres, and so havo L We both wish to join some friends there who have offeredus employment. I Thetoar MAYOR ordered the defendant to enter into his own recognizances to keep the peace, and said that- the da gie must be impounded. - Erdefendant entered into his own receognizances, andwasdiseharge. -- The LORD MATOR requested that the press woald acknowledge the receipt of 11. from Mr. J. Dlon towards a fund for defraying the expenses of conveyinjg hlme 10 of the aborigines of Walpole Island, Upper tCanada, a state.; mnent of whose case appeqrcdin our impression, of ye terdy. .MiL uonoGso-smxn.-Ahandsome, well-dressed lay | enteredtthe court, and be d acvicd on this matter *- c Lasb week, she was induced to go into a shop wheregn. auctionwas beiog held, and, believing tho saes to be tone, f/i, - she was induced to make purchases of- plated dish? covers and other expensive articles to the amount of 60.-Ol She paid adeposit of 10t, and left her address' where the purchases were to be sent and the balance paid. The next yay the articles came, with a bill - making the purchases amusnt to 1001., and this was effectd by putting down 101. *herethhtsariole'aknocked dovn to her for17., and so on.- She was satisfied of the additions-bat,h± been made t6the price- lxecausa she WI put downthe figures t'ther time, and her servant was i th her, who could alo aipsak to: the sanie fact. She remonstrated ainstthis in mpostiion, nrid slsewas told the matter could eaaily -be rectified- but, as she found the' wioae ef Preaff^,dibEi lfas tose byof"In away geod* 50-85~veo&, An wavf gcosany E oredRa h amcoun todO!7. she s-zfue -i faY tathye2d al4s-ithr thef -auction 'peepl., aMn preferred to come to this &to,so* if there were any means by which she could get back her l0g. deposit. 'MrDsNoasarX -said-he presumed- the lady Ead -not.been. loug'in-london-.otbaswise she would not have-venlured into. a sham suction with ny hope of beuig honestly Adealt bs. The lady admitted she h only i cl come from AusfMr. BInGssAss asked'if shewasapeIonof-means? 3The lady replied she had 2,000 guineas a-year of her own .to spend. . - t* r. BISGHAMx wrould -then advise her to talke steps to --punish the parties wio'had atte4apted to defraud her, and -her soligitorwoould pointl out the way. - AxnEBONM.-Daniel EAley: and John. Gorman were brought before Mr. BROUGFrON, onsremand, charged. with: ha-Pgz -bearL concerned, with another not inzcustody,.in feloniously assaulting, iunder the infamous garotte system, and steaihg from the person of Mr. Jamaes, a tobacconist in< Stibgo lane, New-road, silver witeb, value 54 - -: - -the prisoners were both committedtotake their trial at Xthe Cenrtal-CriminailCourt..--;¢- -; :- : o-sncx Mrs T.-Wiliara Perry, & drover, waslchargedi :jth the following ruelty and outrage Sinclair, an intelligent ofiicer of fhe Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, -stated,--I have for some time past had my attention directed to the wanton acts of :barbarity committed by drovers upon the cattle in their eh.zge, andthemoreespeci3alyinconsequence of repeated - complaints by respectable inhabitants of lNewington, -Kingsland, and Hoston, which' form, the chief par; of the route from the railway lairs to-, the New Cattle-market at Islington, I - have - therefore kept a persevering watch upon their actions, and- while in -orton at 7 in thc evenmng of the 27th mlt. noticed the defendant and other men 'driving a 'herd of foreign cattle in the direction of the new market. One bullock happened to be slightly in advance of the others. but was walking quietly and srowly, and doing nothingi Whatever to give cause for such cruelty, when the-defendant went up to is, and grasping his:stir, which was a -very thick one, inboth hishands, dealt-it such a terrible, blow just above one of its hocks that the-porbrute seemedperfectlyparalyzedand crippled, and could riot move its hind legs forsmetimefterwaids ! --I' took i the prisoner . into custody - directly, and hewefitwithtem quietly,for some distance, but he suddenlychanged his 3mmnd- refused; to go-any further, and told me tbat I was only an informer. I explained to him that I:was sworn in: by the Police Commissioners the: same as a constable, but h.e redsted violently, and shouted-tohis companions to rescue him. The otlier men advanced, and one crying out, " Cat him up," the others flung me to the ground, and held - me while the prisoner kicked me - about, the. body and legs and escapef, anl I siw no more of him -1till he-was taken last night by a constable who knew him,and to whom I had given a description ofhin. - --- A tradesinan tamed Spencer in Hoxton described the defendant's brutality in similar terms, characterizing it as one of the most-wanton acts he over witnessed, and that the 'defendant had struck Eeveral other bullocks before tnat both cruelly mnd unnecessarily. Defendant;-I did not hit the animal upon the legs at all. 'I am a licensed drovers and my badga is withlMr. Shanks, the 'clerk of' thednarket. - Mr. D'EYcduRT.-There is no doubt-of thebcruelty whatever, andl amivery gladthat-the officers have gothold of you. - I cannot conceive how you can be so brutal and cowardly as to-wantonly injure apoor animal whichhasonly afew hoursmoretolive. Ishallsendyouto theHouse of Correction for 21-days vwithout any fine, for yourcruelty to the ox, and in addition to that you must pay a penalty of 20s. for your assault upon the constable, or undergo another imprisonment of 14 days. D]efendant.-Well, I can't pay it; that's alL TILrsso-Joseph Dorrington; a -carman,- aged 19, of 9,,}'omfordrafra , Roomford, was.brought before Mr. Snnvz charged 'ith furious dnving and iuring a woman named lMary Ann l.umchley, whoa' s in the l.ondon Hospital.-.- I erIt apperedthat on Saturday evening the prisoner, who wasit charge of a horse and 'cat, was having an otescation with a woman namned Lumnchley, whio is- a vendor of oyiters- at the Earl Grey tavern, a roadside house in theMie-end ! Rload. - Thewvoman demuanded seine money that was due to her, and the prisoner said he would not pay her then, and attempted to drive off. The woman seized the reins on onei side and clung to them, and the prisoner- - directed her to le' -o, and, on her refusal to do so, flogged his horse, which- proceeded-up the road, with, the woman clinging partly I the. shafts and partly to thb reins, to tho great alarm and horror of the bystanders,. who expected that she would be dashed to -the ground and run. over. The woman obstinately held on to the reins while the pri. soner drovee nas fast as he was, able. The consequence was that the horse and cart were driven on the footpath-at that part of the road called Syke's-terrace; to the peril of the-foot passengers. Mr. John Tajlor, a resctable tradesman, remonstrated with the prisoner, and threatensd ' to give hinm into custody. The prisoner sworeat him, and used most -foul language. The woman, spite of her danger and regardless of remonstrance stuck to-thereins with great tenacity, and at last fell, and the wheel went over leg. The prisoner then turned round, and drove furiously down the road towards EssexK. Mr. Taylor- called out,I "Stop 'him, sto him," and an instant pursuit was made byPolicesergeant Smith, No. 28 K, in another' vehible, and, after a long pursuit-and a deal of shouting, tho'prisoner's horse and, cart weze-stopped, and he was secured. Sergeant Smithi said the whole scene was a;most frightful-one, and that the a people in the road were greatly-terrified.. The PrisOner drove I along the road at a most fearful pace, and if there had been Anything in his way, or if the horse and cart had come into eollision-with-any other animal or.vehicle, the consequences would have been serious. . - - The pzisoner said that all the officer said against him was 'r. SELri-M-hat do yor mean by acting in this manner -andendangeringpeople'slives? -. i - , - The piisorier said the womanUw in the hospital, in de fiance of -his entreaties, wouldhold-on. .to the reins, because Ihe was unable tpsy her afew pence-a debt incurred for Mfr. Ssasx had nodoubtthuwaomnnactedverywronglyin I holding to the reins, but he-was not now trying the case of assault upon her, but the case of furious driving, which was clearly made out, and for which he should fine the pri soner 20s. : - The penalty was instantly paid. LA531RETHI.-Mr. George Lamb, who described himself as a Methodist minister, residing at No. 14, Sutherland.- sluare, Walworth, was charged before the lion. G.- e. 9ORTON Nwith obstructing the foot and carriage way'in front ,of tbe Lock's-fields station-house, by singing and preach. ing during the hours of divine service-on Sunday morning, Tr. John Lund, the Superintendent f the P Division of Police, deposed that at about half-past 10 oclock on the pseeding-morning he was at the Locks-fieldspolice-statio6, and saw the defendant and seven or eight others place them-selves at about 30 yards from-his office. They commenced singinT a hymn, and in a very short time a crowd collected that blocked up the carriage way and foot pavement. The single men who bad been on duty on the night before, and who were asleep at the, station-house, complained of having been aroused from their sleep by the singing, anI deprived of their proper rest, and, he (Mr. Lund), in consequence, sent a sergeant to the- parties to inform them tha t eyhad caused the blocking-up of the street, contrary t) law, and must desist. The sergewt returned with one of the party, who said his name was Lewis. ' He (hr. Lund) told Nr. Lewis that he could not permit the public highway to be impeded, or his :ben, who had to go on duty at night, deprived of their necessary rest, and the parties must therefore desist. Mr. Lewis returned to his friends, and, notwithstanding what he had told him, the parties still continued on the ground, upon which lie (Mr. Lund) approached them, and, addressinc the defendant, who was preaching at -the time, said that he could not permit hbm to proceed, and unless he desisted he should feel it to be his duty to order him into custody. The defendant desisted for a moment, and, removing from the carriage to the pathway, commenced a bhyn, upon whichhe ordered him into custody, and the charge was taken in the ordinary way. The defendant was immediately bailed out by his; friends, and b and his party proceeded to a piece of waste ground close by, where he re. commencedpreaching. -- Mr. NORT0N.- Howinany persons were collected in the firstinstanco? 7 Mr. Lund.-I should say there were about 200, your The defendant,'in reply to the charge, said that he went to the place in question, in front of. the station-house, fromr having heard that the Bev. Mr. Sherbourne, a friend of his, had preached there a few Sundays before, and had he been aware that he was -disturbingsany pezsons, and moreticularly the constables who had been up all night, ho should not have stonped therm. He begged to say that: no coni0mu1nication had been made to him- by. his friend Mr. Lewis from the officer who had just given his evidence, and when - I Ir. Lund had personally complained to him he-had merely E given ont the verse of a hymn preparatory to his takin -| the'congregation who had assenmbed to -a-piece of waste - |pground close by, the use of which was granted to them by - itS own3er.I IMr. NORTON considered M. Lewis -cry much to blame in not communicatin- to the defendant the menssage deli-. -vered-to,himn by Mr. Lund. He (Mr. Norton) saw no harm| vhatever in properly appointed rainisters preaching in the; openrair. On th __taw oblivdi to boepodctivo,e ,ot good: but they must select places, where no obestruton - to the public thoroughfares woiildbe occasioned, and persons, and particularly policemen, who, of -all others, requiredproper rest when offodsty, vould:not be disturbed. If proper~places were selected he did noet suppose the policwould interfere. -~ - |M3r. Lamb, the defrudant, observed- that the number of| pesonst. whcaL,cnreae ontesptte da bfor proved tht paecudhav ben bettr chsen than the one n, uesion,andho hould b oswilntoattend thre' at atm eindy th sprienIden+,htwul be less inconvenient.' He undlerto tat thetpoulleha diretidu to rotet them_ (athwe mAnisters) -;-bueifthi was 220%.Itheas an httel was to be carrined.out to the letter, they would be liable to be taken up every. moment. M Ar. NoRrox repeatedl his belief thatz muTch gooddwas done-- by open-air preaching, as there- -~Wa alagcasofpsns 'who could not be got- to churclh, and-eomeddth-efenilaut to pt himfself In communication with-Sir Bicharda Mayne ofithasubject,;and askc his permission to preaeh at;' C,md:eshould be compellea to oppose much, '-permissidn, and observed thlat during th'e la&tweek no less& -than six watch robberius took place at - the Serry Obelisk urin te'open air preaching. - -- Te defendant, ha"vin.g eri'td not to repeat his preach.- iiigand singinsg at the plao becte to, at least for-the Qreent, 'was discargd and Jeft the court in company-of a --~dverfisement.]--` The OxonitAn -in Nor-,my, or; Notes-- 'N itonsf inthat couitry,`_ theRev. -rederick Metrelfe, isA.A reilw o Licol ColemOgA is iust-pnu,blieo_is2 voIas. itha second edition of "Esatarn flheda cdteol ,la Voluteer 2 -el&,-21.. Nuet nd £aekec, pblis.,,,1$, ree
MILfITAfRY AND NA VAL INTBEU1G.BYoR. - --. - VIce-Admiral SirGeorge Seymour, KC.B., Comimanderl in-Chief at Poitsmouth, paid a visit yesterday to the TrenchlCommodorefBarbet, on board the corvette I.aFlaune, at Spithead, where he was received with all honours, and aluted, witl his flag at the fore. Sir George also visited {he Austrian frigate Radetzky, where: similar honours were paid him. Her Malesty's ship hlelvile, 7i, in ordinary at Portsmouth, is ordered to oe commssioned, to take the place of the Mindeu (kospital.alip) at Hongkong. Her Majesty's ship Royal George, 101, Captain Robinson, landed by gunboats and tenders the 82d and other troops yesterday evening at Gosport and Portsmouth, and they proeeeded to quarters. Her MTajesty's steam frigate Dragon, 6, Captain Stewart, C.B., wenb Out of Portsmouth harbour yesterday morning, and anchored at Spithead. The depot of the Medical Staff Corps now stationed at Chatham barracks, under the command of Staff-Captain . G. Bunbury, numbers nearly 300 men oof all. ranks, and anorder has been issued directing them to hold themselves in readiness to move to St. Mary's Casemate Barraclks. Yesterday Crimean hivalids, to.the number of 104 men of all ranks, belonging to various regiments, were medically inspeeted at Fort Pitt Hospital by Dr. J. R. Taylor, preparatory to their going before a Chelsea board of officers to recelve their discharge. The finding of the court-martial which was held at Chat. ham barracks on Tueday Lst for the trial of Prvate WI1liam Dowvell, 32d Regiment, on a charge of having wifully blown off his right hand at Chatham wiith the view of being discharged from the service, has been made known to -the troops at Chatham, having received the approval of His Royal Highness the Commander-ina-Cief. The prisoner is sentenced to 106 days? imprisonmentf, but he is not to be discharged from the service. TheLimerickpapers amounce the death of Staff-Surgeon Augustus Henry Cowan, who had been attached as chief medicalofficer to the Depot Battalion in Limerick since its formation. Dr. Cowan had seen much service with the British army in the East Indies and in China. He was formerly attached to the 48th Regiment, aud also to tho 7th Fusileers. He received his commission as surgeon of the second-class July , 184L Dr. Cowan was on Tuesday last proceeding to the military hospital intheoTew Barracks,the approach to whicn is at present intersected by a ditch about three feet deep, in which waterpipes with plugs are being laid for the protection of the baracks from fire. While attempting to cross Ihiscuttinghe fellin,.andreceivedsevere injury, with asevereshock-tothenervoussystem. He was removed to his residence, where he was assiduously attended by DrM Hanlor and Gore, but expired at 4 o'clock on Friday morning. The method invented and introduced by Mr. Wetherhed, late member of the United States? Congress, for super heating steam, having been submitted to various procewe5 during the last six months in the dockyard at Woolwich, has at length assumed a practical form. During the series of experiments to which the system was subjected it appears that various improvements suggested themselves from time to time to the engineer department there. In this manner it was considered advisable to prolong the triais, and thereby, if possible, render the system complete. Prior to the late voyage of the Dee to the western coast of England the machinery was fitted up with the appurtenances necessary for a final test of the system with its stipulated im. provements. The apparatus was at work the whole voyage, which was specially extended as far as Land's-end point and back to Woolwich, at the increased speed of from seven to nine knots an hour, the result of which exceeded anticipation. It is understood that the average economy realized in fuel amounts to about 35 per cent. The apparatus consists of a number of iron pipes being carried along the front of the tube plate, and extending into the chimney, into which the ordinary steam passes, and which gradually becomes superheated to about 600 degrees. It is then alloyed, or mixed with the ordinary steam, in about equal proportions, bringing the temperature of the mixed steam to about 340 degrees, ia which state it is aI plied to the purposes of the machinery. The system of simply superheating without mixing the steam has been known for some time past in France, and has been attempted on many occasions, but without success, which is attributed in a great degree to the imperfection of the French machinery, which is less complete than our owv. In the first [course of experiments a difficulty existed,namely, the burning and consumption of the wadding. After many fruitless attempts, this difficulty was at length got over, thus rendering the method perfect. The Dee went into the outer basin at Woolwich yesterday morning, after discharging a quantity of timber at Milford, brought from Devonport. The Dee and the Rhadamanhus are to commence coaling to-day, preparatory to their -eturn voyages to the western yards with boilers and machinery. The steam transport Robert Lowe, from the East, has arrived at Woolwich with shot and provisions. The W. S. Lindsay transport, which arrived on Friday last with troops and horses, disembarked them at Woolwich yesterday evening. The George Rogers likewise cleared out her freight of Osmanli Horse Artillery at Woolwich yesterday evening, the whole of whom (500) were paid off on board by Lieu.,enant-Colonel Graham, from the War-office, and the corps was disembodied. The transport Clyde, 1,169 tons register, with 227 of the Commissariat and L;and Transport Corps, will discharge her freight on Thursday. She is ordered to retain her fittings and to be detained in the transport service. Since the arrival of these vessels at Woolwich the troops have been s-pplied with daily rations of fresh meat and other necessaries, by order of Lord Pamure. The Star of the South steam transport is ordered to be discharged the Governm ent service. A dinner is to be given at Ipswich to-morrow to the soldiers of the Royal Horse Artillery at present stationed in that towvn, and lately raturned from the Crimea. Her Majesty's ship Actoeon, 26, was commissioned on Saturday for Captain W. T. Bate (who is at Hougngong), for the survey of Chinese Tartary, by Mr. T. Kerr, Master, just retUrned from a survey of New Zealand in Hler Majesty's ship Pandora. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty :-Commander W. Mould, to the Majestic; H. L. Gully, :Naval Cadet, to the Highilyer; B. N. Murphy, Assistant-Surgeon, confirmed, to the James Watt. W. P. Scott, Assistant Paymaster in charge, to the Scor. pion; W. H. Gribbell, Clerk, to the Highflyer; HL E. Roy, Acting Clerk, to the Colossus. THE AUfl3TIA The South Cork Light Infantry have been disembodied. There are about 250 men now remaining inthe regiment, the rest having voluntarily taken their discharge. The North Cork Rifles will be disembodied on the 1st of September at Fermoy. The Clare and Royal South Down regiments were disembodied on Monday. TheFermanaghLighuufantry and the Royal NorthDown ifles are to be disembodied on the 15th inst. In the latter regiiment there are only 59 privates remaining. The Antrim Rifles will be disembodied on the 1st of September. There are but 110 men left to be disembodied, 500 having taken their discharge.
THE DEATH BY DROWKLYG AT DOVER TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir.-Ini yOurcoluns of hi dagy is recorded an inquest on the body ofblr. 3. W .Winl, 'who was drownead 'while batbhingin the sea at Dover. "It appeared-that he went out n a machine and undressed, anciwent into the water, but nothing more WaS seen of him." This melancholy case confirms me in a conviction I have long entertamed, that the bathing at Dover ishighly dangerous, owing to the steepness of the beach, which is such as to prevent the use of horses for drawing the machines in or out of the water. On Tuesdaylast I myself bathed at Dover, and immediately under the canvas of the machine the water came up to my chin (my height being 5 feet 11 inches.) Had I taken a plunge so as to emerge a few feet from the awning I should have been considerably out of my depth. Surely such a state of things requires not only great caution, but aIEO very &ctive inspection. Theo e:treme tension of the wiindlass ropes by which the machines are.drawa n mand out iS aIso a source of anx:iety. What would be the consequence if thesce were to break9 Surely, Sir, this matter calls for some active measures on the part of the municipal authorities of Dover. I am, Sir, yours most. olwh,iionr NO SWIMER. I Ag-nt L
TaE Mol-vnS i?T WEsnSrmsER AnBBsY.-At a recent gathering of the members of the London and Middlesex Arclueologicsl Society within the walls of Westminster Abobey, for the purpose of exam3in3ing in detail its beantiful architeCture, as well as its rare historical collection of monumental effigies; the attention of thoe mem7cers wes, amOng other matters, directed to the erroneou-s and, in some instances, absurd descriptions- given o f the mnonuments, and those they are intende to coxmneiorate, by the guides em~ployed; since which time the council of the society has aedressed a respectful commmuncation to the Alihey authorities, offering to prepare for the use and informjation .of the CiCxrones a; correct description of the monum3ental contents of the Aibbey, in order that history 3may no loruger be perverted by-.them to the stran3ger, nor the ear of the antiquary or ar'ch eologist scandalized b ~etntements which the first principles of his studies teac him are fa'oulous. , . e~OVNT-GAEh THEmE-Te reportd com3nmene3me,nt of the rebuilding of ~this theatre on its late site -s incorrect. The site of itliinot beenutaken; neither Ins any contrci for rehuilding-i~been entered into. Whether it will he apuhied to the .sama or some other purpose has not yet been aehtiuiea u32 . -, .... : ,,-, , ~~It
I BOYA YACHT SQUA 0Oi' BFGATTA. COWEVE, -MOlA'y EVxanG, AUG. U.; This day's sgt, aithough oine of cosiderable import. -ance, has beena deprived of the presenco of Her Majesty and the loyalfa-mily, in consequenceof HerMajesty'sdeparture £rom the island to visit the Channel Islands. Her Majesty left Osborne-house last evening shortly before 5 o'cloclc, in the Victoria and Albert, attended by the Osborne, -the Fire Queen, the Vivid, and four screw steamers. The vweather was beautifully fine, and a large number of persons were assembled on the beach, who vociferously cheered is Her Majesty passed down the Solent. Her departure at this particular time is greatly regretted, as to-day was ap. pointed for the town regatta, at which Her Majesty is almost invaiably present. The race on the card for this day was for 100 sovereigns, to be sailed for by al yachts, English and foreign, belon-ing to any yacht club, exceeding 35 tons, according to the usual regulations of the Royal Yacht Squadron. Time for tonnage, according to Ackers's scale. The tonnage to be meaw sured in the following manner:-The lengtLh to be taken between the'perpendiculars, drawn from the extreme outl side of the main stem and thc extreme outside of the stern. post. -Froin the length thus found subtract three-fiftbs of the extreme breadth, as determined by the -old measurement act of Parliament. Multiply the remainder of the leg'.h by the whole breadth; the product by half the bedth, aid divide the whole by 94, the quotient shall be deemed the trae contents of the tonnage. The Queen's Cup Course, from the Club-house to the Nab Light, thence to Yarmouth, and back to Cowes. The folowing yachts were entered for thi prize- Yachts. Ton.e Owners. Mass. Cyclone 4s Mr. W. Paterson .. Blre and rhite. Aurora Borealis 2St Mr. D. Carneoie .. Swedsh flag. Gln.ce .. Km Fir. T. Bartlett Gold bird, on a blue groundl. Mo3quito .7 70 Mdr. T. Groes .. ite and red striDes, verticaL. 3:stravaganza.. 57 Sir P. F.Shseey, Bart. Blue burgee, four white diamonds. Amazon .. 57 ar. A. Young R... ed and white burgee, Parted 2igzag. Wldlfire .. ttc M. 3T. T. Turner .. Blue. Vestal .. 81 Mxr. F. 0. Marball Re.. id and white burgeej partedIhorizotaL . Mlworth -- 91 Mr. Jo:h. Wela .. Bedandwhite.-diaganal. lvhirlwind .. sg Mr. F. Thyane .. Blueburgees, white crow. Arrow .. .. l18 Mr. T. Chamberlayme Blue, with white arrow. Thie Aurora Borealis was vithdrawn. Asas ual, at five minutes before 10 the preparatDry gun vias fired, and at 10 punctually another gun for starting was fired, and in an almost incredibly short space of time the Mlosquito began to show ahead of the others, the next to break from the line being the Glance ; this pair for a short tima ping Colla nt in conseouence of the great delayon ooad the 3 into m setting her immense "ib topsail, hitherto set with such alacrity by this vessel, Ahe Glance obtained the lead, the Amazon following close upon the quarter of the Mosquito. The Glance was the first to set her topsail, and seeimed to be exceedinzly well handled. The others, with the exception of the Whirlwind, got away pretty well together, ing 'with a tolerably good breeze from the S.W., and with thetide. At fivo minutes to 11, when off Osborne-house, the Amazon, which hadmucceeded, shortlyafterpasAing Oldcastle Point, in overhauling the Mosquito, now came up abreast of the Glance, but in their wake they were closely pressed by tho Mosquito and Extravaganza. For a short time the Amazon took the lead, but soon gave vay, andc the Whirlwind assumed the leading position. The breeze here freshen. ing, the vessels, carrying more canvass, soon began to dis. play their powers, and, after a good deal of what is commonly Imown by the term "dodgig," the Lulworth emerged fronm the "ruck'" and took the second placa, the Mosquito being close astern. The Whirlwind was the leading vessel abreast of Ryde-pier at llh. 41m., the Lulworth second at 3l1h. 46m. SOsec., and the Mosquito third at llhi. 47m. The others, with the exception of the Cyelone, wiere so near to each other that we wrere unable to time them, but they passed in the following order:- - Whirlwind .1 Lulworth. 2 Mosquito. 3 Exavaganza .. ..4.. .. .. ..4 Ao.azon 5 Arrow Wildfire 7 Glance. 8 Vestal .9 esclono .10 The Cyclone passed at llh. 53n:., being 12 minutes behind the first vesseL Thev then proceeded toward the Nab Light, the Whirlwind stillikeeping the lead. The yachts arrved off Cowes, on their way up to Yarmouth, as under, the Arrow naving contrived to get the lead b. rs.a. Arrow. 241 30 Whirlwind_. 2 A 0 Lilworth .2 43 35 Glacee 252 30 Amazon. 252 36 WLldfire. 22 44 Exteavaganza.2 55 0 Mosquito. 257 30 caClone .326 0 Up to the time of closing thin report the Vestal had not arrived. The yachts then proceeded for the remainder of thie course, but as the boat is starting for Southampton the details and the result of the race must necessarily be post. poned.
POOC'EEDIYNGS AGAINST A CLERGYArAZ. The Rev. George Wili, tho incumbent of Wix, in Esse:, appeared before the Bishop of Rochester, at the Castle at Colchester. on Friday, to answer a complaint of improper conduct in the church of Wix on SundaMay 4. Archdeacon Burney and the Rev. H. R. S. Smitg rural dean, assisted the Bishop in conducting the inquiry. The proceedings -were taken on the complaint of MIr. Thomas Morris, of Wix-lodge, whose letter was read:- "To the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Rochester. " Win-lodge, by Manningtree, June 14. "My Lord,-As one of the parishioners of this parish, whose family are in the habit of attending the parish church, I beg to address you on a very painful subject, and I feel bound to do this because a fyill mouth has now elapsed since the occurrence of the circumstance I am abo-at to detail, and I cannot ascertain that any notice has been taken or inquiry set on foot by any of the autho. rities who may be considered as specially charged in such cases. " On a Sunday in the month of May last the Rev. Mr. Wilkins, the incumbent of the parish, was in the church for the performance of Divine service, and, after the second lesson, abruptly terminated his reading and began an address to the congregation, commenting upon what he considered had been the immoral conduct of one of his parish. ioners, who was present. This provoked a reply from the party (a Mr. Eagle), who rose, and in profane lnguage accused Mr. Wilkins of falsehood- whehn Mr. Wilkins rejoined in the most coarse and vehement manner, and an altercrtion ensued between them of a character which -would disgrace the lowest public-house. I forbear at Dresent to enter into the particulars, further than by adding that the service was thus ended, and that the congre. gation left the church, one by one, offended in the highest degree. Mydaughters, unfortunately, satin a pev between the litigant parties, and were compelled to witness the scene, and they retired from the church with feelings such as your Lordship can readily estimate without any further descri ton on my part. "'VEitherofthe churchwaardenshappenedtobepresent; but this occurrence was made known to them soon after, and I have been informed (though for this I cannot vouch) that they reported the case to the rural dean; yet no inquiry was made, and I therefore felt it imperative on me to call your Lordship's attention to the matter, and to request that your Lordship will, without delay, take the necessary steps, not only to punish, but to secure the parish agaimst the recurrence of such an exhibition, for it is indeed hard that a congregation, assembled in theHouse of God for His worship, should have their ears assailed by such lan-- guage as was nsed by both parties on the occasion referred to, and to he sent to their homes only to contemplate with dism2vy and disgust$ the saldwanbt o5feall tshaltua teahey a ri ' I can, if necessary, readily verify the foregoing statement and the minute details of thecsbymnrsptal witnesses, and e case by many respectable "l am, myLord, &c., I I "TaroasAs Monausxs" The Bishop then inquired of Mr. Wilkinswhat he had to say in amsvrer to the complaint. Mrr. Wilkins.-I throw myself entirely on your Lordship'a indulgence. I admit-it is neb 3my intention to make any reply to what is there said. TXhe BysaoP said it fell to hiis lot, andl he was extremely sorry for it, to be A~liged to reprimandl Mr. Wilkins ver severely for the extremely imrper conduct of whichlhe was guilty on that occasion. He needl hardly repeat what did not contrad inhat per, which, in fact Mr. 'Wilkins dii'ot cntraict. Passing sentenxce of renrimand and admonition, he could not forget that he wasaddressing a venerable brother of the church, against whomn on no formeroccasion had he heard any charge, who had hitherto conducted himself with greatpropriety, and for whom he always entertained a high r e..It was wit h great that: b reprimaanded himn on thi occasion, and Mir. Wilkis was reprLmandedacrdingly. His Lordshiphopedthathe-would return to his parsLhioners and enjoy once again that re-pect and attention which they had hitherto shown him, ana he (the Bishop) believed justly so. oe was awaethat in ibi immediate neighbourhood there were persona who entertained malicious feelings towards him, very uniustlyo as he had reason to believe, buthe hoped t'he generality of the tarishioners had a very different feeling; fromn the seal he had shiown for their spiritual welfare, and from his general propriety of conduct until this occasion, when he unfortal. nately forgot himself in a ma2nner which he could-not but feel afforded a. just gronnd of complaint. The church-- wardens were notpresent, otherwise it would have beentheir duty to report the matter to him.- He mignt add that, generaUy speaing, it was not for the Bishop to take pro-ceedings,' hut' for the patty complaining, as the Bisb was judge, and ought not to be judge a-e same tamie; but he felt-it to be hisdtyoreimada clergman for- conducting himself so -npropey as Mr Wikins unfortunately did on this occasion. ge would not refer to the conduct of Mfr. Eagle, as his case was not before him, bult it seemed to have been very improper. There was so-me excuse for Mr. Wilkins, though nothing could really excuse him, because he ought to haLve had his imper more under command. - One of the churchwardens inquired if his Lordship would 3dvise them to takeproceedings against Mr. Eagle.? 7 , I His :LorDSnrP sad, they were aui liberty to O- so if they likedZ and there was no doubt ke- behaved exceedingly ill uponthe ocraon, but he did nob fee it to be his pice to enter-into a matter which was not before him. - t is undeto that prcedigs are intended to be taen aga3Int)fj4a 13glo. - .-ZY: - -.
THE ZAND TRANSPORT CORPS. TO THE EDITOR OF TE mTDiEs. Sir,-In to-day's Time.XS, wvhile remarking upon the necessity you state there exists for placing the pay of soldiers more upon a par with that earned by other than skilled labourers in this country, you observe, as a mistake in the late war, that the men enlisted for several semi-civilian corps received higher pay than the actual fighting soldiers, and you instance the Land Transport Corps ais one of those corps;-adding further on, that immunity from working and watching in the trenches, with comparatively lght work and immunity from danger, was its lot, &c. In justice to the 1and Transport Corps Iwishto correct what appears to me altogether an erroneous idea regarding it. This corps consisted of two levies. The first was raised at a time when it was supposei that the same pay-viz., 2s. 6d. per diem, alreadygiven to several companies of CommiLssariat drivers, would not be more that sufficient to obtain the class of men desired. These men, 2,000 in number, were raised, clothed, armed, mid accoatzed, and in tho Crimea in the short space of three months. The second levy of 6,000 men received cavalry pay-viz., Is. 3d. per diem, the only advantage being that they got fres rations. I may here observe that in the French train the men are the picl of the conscription, and receive higher pay than .he Line. The duties of the Land Transport Corps in the Crimea were, during the siege more partieularly, most onerous; the whole of the water for the trenches was taken to the most advanced works even by the mules and men of tho corps. They daily took in ammunition, which, with the conveyance of the water, was a service of no slight danger ; tho men were, in fact, worked to the last degree, and death in consequence claimed a large portion of them. On the 15th of June an officer of this corps was returned as wounded in the trenches-I think severely; and, from first to last, of the men several were killed and wounded. The former were Turkish drivers, -who always behavod uncommonly well. Au officer stiU in the corps was twice wounded in the trenches, and had two horses shot under him in the ravines, while employed with Turks carrying away wounded, If you will so far oblige me as to publish this letter, I think you will only be doing justice to a corps which some of the "H a, ha" school and a few of the old gentlemen At the dubs think it incumbent upoOn them to abmse. The old gentlemen forget the Dauke's Waggon -Train, and the "Ha, ha'sW are welcome to any opinion they may please to entertain. I send you my name and address, and for any confima.. tion of my statements I would beg to refer yon to your " own correspondent," who knows right well-what share the Iand Transport Corps tookin the late campaign. Youn may also refer to General Windham. :E . 1'ortsnouth, Aug. 10.
THE 11th HUWARS. TO THEE -DITOR OF THE T ES. Sir,-Lord Cardigan has told us over and over again that 'every man" did his duty at the tharge of Balaldava, but it has been observed with great astonishment that one whole regiment, which took its fall share in the dangers and glories of that daty, has been omitted exclusively from any participation in the rwards offered by the Emperor of the Frencn to the English regiments wh6 served in the Crimea. Of all the cavalry regiments engaged at Balakiava the iltn Ehsars is the only one which, having served from the beginning of the campa;gn, has no officer or man decorated. People are anxious to know why this is the cise. Has the regiment behaved badly?., Has it displeased the French, or the Governme6t, or the Comm tnder.in-Chief, or the Horse Gards! 9or what is the cause of the omision of the 1thonce _"Lord Cardigan's-pride"-from the liberal list of honolirs onferrdd by' the Emperor of the Frnch on the English army ? . - -- T -- - Your obedient servant. . - - uoammmma t -yCOuZ CO = B S.-By the Noew COuntY Court 'Act, wec.' 102 of. the former aot (9 ad 10 tion orderaor c. 0~) i repeac far as enaets that no protec. tion orde or Ceric&tcgra ~of Bank- ruptcy or Insolvent De>btors' Cot a~hl to.be tof dis charge any defenda,s from ay .ms ment nvnd4r' the order of s Judge. This will areveny cofliaf between tho Inso]venl; Debtors' .Court and Ctu Oowv.
U -R V fUL ~tHUff R a ESTORAF. - We have already st.ated,tha, omg to hea falls of ranI ioZrdthelose of ltweek, the nversi In anbde ad Cheshire were greatly swollen, ind that -in some place on turdayuit they overflowed their benis. The n vers Irwel, Irlr, Medlocr, and Til, flowing tbrough Manchester, rose to a height they hAve not bean known to attain for anISy years. The greatest damniage s oea ioned -byihe overfowing of the Medlock in the neighbozrboods of Lsndon-oad -and Oxford-road. In the cella of the,RoyaI Oak Inn, London-road, 'the water rose to a heght of 8-feet, carrying away barrels of ale, wines, and irts The grocery stores of Mr. Anold, opposite th 32oalO Were much iniurod. The lower story of Mes ei Ieese, 'snd- Sidebottain's establent, in Storaee ws floodd,' and the dyes and drugs much d ed. the cellars of HanoverMills, Buxton-street, the inundaion hba damsged large quantities of yarns, warps, and other property. ' The,vorks of ` ars..Tennants and Co.,J ranufacturinghy hes Ardkvfck-brdge, *were flooded, and great ls withbe sustained.-A-Ivooden foot bridge over the Medlockin Store-street was carried away, and among the wreck recovered from the river after the floods ldsubEided vere a sofit, a table, and some chairs, leading to the inference that higher up the river orme* of the dwelling houses on its bianls had been flooded. In the nelghbourhood of Oxford-road the flood brol:e into the cottes of the Irish oor in little Ireland, and the inhabitants ad to remove for some hours, some of them at greit risk of life from the depth of water. The oellof houses in other parts of the town were flooded, but it is believed that, thoukh considerable inconve-ience and suffering resulted, no lives werelost. The floods du-ing the same night did much damage on the banks of the nver at Stlybridge and uklinfield. At the former plaoe the water broke into the lovwer story of- the cotton mills of Nessr D. and T. Harrison, waere a groat number of looms nd ardi machines were standing, damaging both the machinery and the w.ork left unfinished in the-mill. Two bridges were swept away at this place- Pat of the new bridge on the Dukinfield new road was also swept away, and Mr. ShAw's works, on the same road. were damaged. Much damage was done by the flood brealdng into the weaving shed of Messrs. Lees. The damage done to tie mills of Keam Abel Haison, Mr. lowad, anD others, near Stalybridge, by the thunder storm and floods of Thursday, when a culvert under the mill of Mr. Harrison was hurst, is estimated a nearly 5,000 - A terrific thunder storm visited Edenfield, Lancashire, and- the immediate alstrict on Friday evening last,, and the amount of damage sustained, both on tha' and the preoeding day, wa;s very considerable. Two horses were st,n by the electric fluid -at Qurlton and were lilled on -the spot. Tho driver was also seerusly imuxed, nan -Ws not able to speak for some hours afiter. 3 Mi nik"i gardener, Edenfield, was -struck by the lightning and kIlled on the spot. Several persons -were knocked down without receiving further injury. A person at Tottington-mill was using a file, when the electric fluid strack it out of his hand, but did the man noinjury. A number of trees and houses in various, parts of the d:strict saffered considerable damage. In the neighbourhood of lRamsbottom the sky was so thiclAy overcast that it almost obscured the light of day, and the vivd fiases of forked lightning which followed each otier in quick succession lit up the country round. The rain poured down in torrents. The high roads -wee completely flooded, and carters were obliged to return, as the roads were impassable. Mr. T. F. FDearden, coroner, had been holding an inquest occasioned by a raily accident, and havng another appointment he ate tof it, but the dood was go great thathe took refuge ita cottage that was considerably elevated, and was detained by the nolence of the stor -andthe flood several hours. Wvenhe arrived at the house where the second inquest had to be held, which was nearly seven hours after the appointed time, the jury had dispersed to their own homes, their patience having been completely exhausted. The damage that was done to houses, mills, and other property by the flood was very great. The water that poured down the hill sides- kepb- increasing in wits course, and fears were entertained that valuable property would be washed away. The millewners caused channels to be cut, so that the water might pass away without brea7ing down the embanikments of their reservoirs. Many of the houses and some of the stores and factories were flooded, and were greatly injured. Portions of the East Toncashire Railway were completely submerged, and the surface of the ground in all directions was ploughed up by the force of the torrent. Many persons were engaged on Saturday in cardng away the wreck. Planks, beams of timber, and other property weres washed down the river Irwell. The rainwasfrequently ningledl-with hailstones of enormous size. At Helmnshore the quatity of hail upon the ground was six inches deep. The oldest inhs.- bitant of the district - can recollect no such storm before. 'Unfortunately, the ravages of the flood were not confined to the less of property. On Saturday the river rwell vas searched for the body of a mannamedJclinRobinson,ablacksmith, of BIamsbottom, who was missing, and was supposed to be drowned. The search was unsuccessfuL Two youths, named Thomas Betterwcrth and James Rowls, -on retuning home from their work on Friday evening, were seen to go near to a temporaxy bridge that crosses a brook, and on Saturday one of them was found in the brook about a mile and a quarter below the bridge, and the hody of the other had washed into the river lve1all tAe farther dowvn the stream.
TO THE EDITOR OE THE TLoEBS Sir,-In the report of the trial at Guildford, between Salter and the Athem-eum Insurance Company, in your paper of Saturday, I obssrve the name of a,fr. Hawdns, who, as tho accountant of the comDany, was examined on the trial. As several inquiries have been made by those with whom I am professionally connected -wether I am the porson alluded to, wil you permit me, through the medium of your celumns, to state that such is not the case, and that Ihave had no connexion whatever writh the above mentioned company? 7 . Iremmn Sir. -voun verv obeclientilv. w. HWINVS. Public Ac rontnt. i 69, heery.lanct August1I.
-STIFF v. SMITH." TO THE EDITOR OF TaIE TMES. Sir,-Your report in to-day's paper off the triali of the above cause, at the Guoifod Assizes, is generally accurate; but fhere is one important exception to which we feed it necessaryto call your atteirtLion. Your report states, that it appearedl the defeudant subsequ'ently entered into an agreement with " Cassells .Paper to suLpply a taIe of the same character." T-he fact is that thne plaintiff aclmowledged, in his cross-examin-ation at the trial, *hat before he entered into the agreement with defendant, the defendant told him he was unuder an engaggement to 'write for C=sdeZl's ifustratcd Farai.li Paper. As, the report in its present shape is calculated to injure the defendant, we rely on your sense of justice to maketbis correction iyornext issue. Wvlreremain, Sir, y-our obedient servants. DIEFENDAL YLS ATTORNEYS. AupustQ.L
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TXiES. Sir,-Last night 5the 10th), being 'at Mulow, Bucl,, I witnessed a very bhliant neteor at a few minutes after 9 p.m. I was facing the east, and the meteor took the direction from N. to S., being weUl up in the heavens. Its ao pearance was that of a comet having a brilliant tail, whicb was visible for a few seconds only. No doubt this meteor was seen by thousands besides myself, but, as I understand the appearance of meteoric bodies on the 10th inst. rediCea, perhaps it may not be n- interestg to some o your readers to learn that their prediCtionls have been verifiedc I am. Sir. von obedient smanl- IW. F. L. I London, Aug. -1 ' -
IDB=susmcnox or A RoMAN CATHoLIc COHABL- On Wednesday evening, at half-past 10 o'clock, a mob assembled in the market.place, Kelso, and, proceeding to the Catholic Chapel, situate at the bead of Bow mont-street, they set fire to it. The police, who were present, did their utmost to prevent the outrage, but were stoned from the scene of confaation. She Afirbell was raung for upwards of 20 mintes, but, although great numbers of people flocked to the spot, no effort was made to extinguish the flames. In the course of a few hoursthe chapel and ontiguous.house were totally consumed, the blackened wealls only remaining It is said this diabolical act was to revenge the death of the young man EIdIs who was mardered by the linsh on St. JaaeYs-green. We trust the ringleaders will speedily be brought to justice.-Scotsman. PiLosPgcrs oP = Mooxs.-As far as we can learn,'saystheDasnfriCoburier,tbe grouse in thisdistrictare not abundant, but the birds are Sell grown and strong, and. there will be fagging work on the moors by the 12 (to. morrow. On the low grounds pheasants and partridges. promise very favourably, both in numbers and growth.' Fortheseseveraldayspastthe Steamboat-quayhas given enx misteakeable signs of the near approach of thel2th of August. Accounts from Aagyleshire promise an average season. In this neighbourhood the grouse are remarkably strong on the wing;thecoveysnumberfromrnine to 12 birds, and are very healthy. Partridges are scarce, the wet weather having destroyed numbers of the eggs. Hes are numerus, l but pheasantsarefewasoomparedwithformerseasons.-Graenoci, AdvDertiser. 'We regret to say the prospects of the sportsnan do not improve as the famous l12h apDroaches. A gentleman who has been over one of the iinest grous3 moors in the north thus reports, under date of Thursday -last :-" Iwas over our moors for six days wth four dogs. The farst three days I did not see a young bird, and very few old ones. On the fourth day 'I sawv tro broods, one with four, and the other with two young birds. On the fifth day I saw two broods, onevithm twoyoug and the other with only one young bird. On the 6th day I went to our high ground, and worked the dogs six hours without teeirg a single young bird a-l the titie, ana only met with seven old ones. .That you may see the difference, I Imay mention that upon the 1st of Septeniber last year I ldlied after 5 p.m. 14 brace of grouse upon 'the ground where I have just been- unable to see a young bird this season.' we regret to sag, that the above mnelaneboly account is not altogether-a solitary one. On some'shootings, which in-the early part of the season were coveredwith nests, and with oid and joung birds there is now hardl r young bird to be seen. It is to the unseasonable' an severe weather in.the eirly part of the season that the dearth :f young birdsis to be attributed, many hens being- found dead on the nest. AU mnoors are, of course, not ae. Generally,iowever,itll be found that broods are ' this year both small andraBanfmffaire -Journei -A greaLt many nLmours have recently prevaile resp3cing the prospects of the enn ihooting v-In Perthire. According to the inquifiesf ow ver,hatwvelave made Doneerang this snbjc we finAd that there is apropect of an R lUn)on the higher grounds there is abtdTy ^ deficincyI ofnbirds; but an, upon The lower grouds- the birde are u very numerous dartia hares, and rabbits are-m~ore niinerous than for' niany Xaeasons,; but e mle-Ust nlIot omlit to mention tha,goig to tle:vcywtweatJier n the sQpring sand first half of the summer, thie bzod |~ phess. way*AlmQ6t om plplJ*5y4 roo,r* Q~
SATES BY AUCfOlr leasehold Houses, Vaunhni-bridge-road, held rnder tha Dean and Chapter. ESSRS. EVERSFIELD and HORNE respect- l I fully announce that this PROPERTY was NOT SOlD at the W=t, en the 5th and may be treated for by private contract.-D, ParLament-street, August 9. Freehold Ground Rents, Ealtersa. _jPESSRS. EVERSFIELD and HORNE respect- J3R. fully amsoumce that these GRODND RENTS were NOT OFFERED at the Maot on the Sth, andmay be treated for by private contract. Particul-as may be hnd at their auction 3ndesta:e offices, 40, partiausnen-¢stve et . C nmbrlgs ice-h aige tt, h rperty 0'! Yir o:n .s Vincant Cotton, Bsart.. comnprising the entire psarish of lladingley, part of Girton, audS portion of 8t. Giles3 ParishZ the latter v,ithin the onandasy of the borough of Cambridge, extending over 2,575 acres, tozether with the ancient Mansion and Parkr. i jWESSES. FOSTElt respectfully acquaint the public YJ L this ESTATE is DLSPOSED OB by Psivieto Contract.-Pallmall, August 11. To Woollen and Linea Drapers. Hoelero, and Shipper. J:ZROlN aud SON will SELL by AUCTION, at j"their Rooms, 25, Fore-street, on 'Wednesday, August 20, 600 lets WOOLLEsf and GENERAL DRApERY, Seoap. Boots, s.c To Dra pem, Silkinercero, Deoler soand others. NR. TNOS. aEMMING wll SELL by AbCTION, T his Booms, S, Pilri.m-street. Ludgate- molL en Friday, August 1 S. at 11 punctually, about 400 lots oi useful DRAPERY, rich silks, s .c On tew Thursday, Aumgust 14, from 10 until 4,oclouk Catlog ues had on the premises, 5o Families Furnshting, anditeusn Dealers, and otbsog-Neat masog hold Furniture. Chimneny-lam, sad Miscellaneoos Items. 1VOHN NORMANr and SON wfill SELL by AUJC- 295 TION. at their itoems,5, Little Britain, To-morrow, August 13, a: 12, FrsNZTVRE; comprising four-post, French. tent, sad press .ed3e2ed7, beds audhbedding, malsogany ase ja;'armed chestsof dsawers, marble-tap washotenel and dressing tables, sixsets of good mshogary dining roon chairs, sets of dining, loo. and card tables, rosewvod cbefforier (with Sienna marble tap and plate-glass back), mnahogany rideboard, sofas, couches, easy chairs, chimney asd dreing glahaes, Brussels and Kidderminster carpets, with a variety of mrscellanenus iters. Slay be viewed the day previous and morning of sale, when catalogues may be had. ifsao,smbe Noartb Dev.nshircrSouth Cliff House.-Hsudseme Sisruse FreodResidence. surrounded by ito ownu Grounds of 10 acres, with O0ices, Coach-houee, Stable, Gardens, Meadow, Orchard, Plans taticn, &c.-At the Royal Clarence Hotel, D1racombe, on Tuessay, the 2d day of September next, r pHE newly-erected handsome Freehold MEaine Re, _ ristece, called South Cliff House, situate at Lee, 20 mUes fr.om the well Lnown wactrlig place lrsacombe, ncerth Devon. It bEa an excellent apoach by ita own private cariage drive, and cortainss tx bed .aous,uxessing room, dw-.ang. dining, sad breakfast roams. entranceall. stchen, and other domestic oilices, coach-house, stable for two ho.rse, harness room, tc. The land comprises gardens, meadow, orchard, rasture, plantation, .c, the whole about 10 acres. Thehone is deiightfsdy situ.atein theromanticvalley of Lee.havingbeautiful viewa of sea.rockycoast,and woode,d alewtththe Welsh o3stisthre disftance andthe Pnehbarerwfiha%vo theoption of takingthefurniture at a valuation. ALso to be Sold a Ground Itent of £1 per annum, reservedonthehouse caUedtheNewInm, inthe villaeoo Lee. For viewing apply at the house, and for further partieulars to Mesare. NVorthcote and SEon; land agents, Boutpourt-street, Barnstaple or to Mr. Paine. solicitor. 16. Funival's-mn, London. Frazaheld, Sussex.-Pretty and valuable Estate of 120 acres, wanr a gentleman's moderate Residence, r5f. ALFRED COX is instructed to SELL - by Ill AUCTION, at the Mart, London on the 29th of August inst, a delightful ESTATE, of 120 acres of arable, pasture, and wood laud, in a bigh state of cultivation, inter.ected by a stream of water, and PoSa seinng extensive common rights over about 2,200 acres, now about to be en clsed and allotted. The residence, of moderate scale, overlooks a picturesque park-Ule paddock. with wood and ornamental water,aad has good gardens, stabling, t. There is also a substantial farm-house, homestead, and two labourer'g cottages: sUl in excellent repair. The w.holebhsDbeen in hand for16 yearis, and immediate po-essasonmay be bad wo the residence, with orwithout the farm, of which the proprietor is willins to take a lenre if desired. A coach plies near daiy between the Tanlridge-wells andlewes Stations. FurtherD artculasasd ondutions of sae procurable of Mesas. Ellman and Whitinnm soslslrioms Battel; at the Auction Mart; and of the auctioneer, Mr. Afred Cox 64. Now Bond-street. or 2, 'Upper Baker-street. Valuable Freehold and Leasehold Property. ShadwveU and Mlile-end.- By Mr. HER'NE. at the Mear, THIS DAY, August 12, at 12, in lots, by direclion of the Mortga e REJBEi OLD and I.easehold Pro erty, consisting of F two nearly new substantiasly-budt treehold brick dweUing-houses, with shops. well situate for business, being Nos. 1 and 2, ltew Crane, Ehad,,ell, near the Lonidon Ducks. Each house contains Ona the twrpair two cbambers; one-pair, two chambers; the principal story, a gcod shop andpa lour, basement, kitchen, cellar. and yrd. of the auanalv alue of £80. Also Frve substantially-built brick Dwelling-horsses, Ncs. 14, 1,12, 11, and IS, most destrably situate, on tho west side of Seuth-greve, oposite the City of London and ToweS Hamleta Cemetery Bw-roe. Each houzse contains two cbambars, two patloure, kithen. and garden, let to aeaectable tenantz. at 6a5 per asmum. A lease will be grnted from the freeholder of the last-named prrnises for a -term 0 93 years from MBidsummer, 183, at a gromid rent of 12150s. per annum. Mfaybe viewed four days prece.dng the rals. PBrticulars to be had of I. Jfodgson, Esq., ohcitor, 32, Broed-streathouinigs: on the mremises tbe Plough Taverm Bow-road; he Swan, Stratford :the ;leart; and of tho auctioneer, 17, Change-alley, Corn- ill cand Shadwvell. lNO. 6S, Glocester-place, Postmau-squ re.-Elegant and cos'ly Furil tare, Musical Insrmn, noble CinycdPe lse,Bore including the Oslley Homes, lated Arehin,Glass. cae ElIecta, together with the Ben l Interest i the tense of the eli3pible Premises, 7 R. iMcDONALD will SELL by AUCTION, on _ I tte Premises, on 'Vednezday, August 20. and following ds,. at 12 for I precisely, the whole of the mnodem and elegant FUINIT URE, ccmprising fitt-Lgs for six bed rooms, winged and other wardrobes, marble-top washstands and handsome fittings, mahocany four-post, French, and Arabian bedsteads, cheval and toilet glassee, capital cleau bedding: in the drawing rooms, elegant walnut-tree and rosewrool furniture, of Sutherland, loo, ocasional. card, and fancy tables, and chals. elegant sofas. casy char g£randoles, tvro cut glass chandelSew giarofortes, noble chimney and pier glasses, velvet cot pile carpet, ambter silk taLbaret evirtsabs for four windows, gilt cornices, valuabsle bronzes. C.c; the dining room and library appointments are of the useal description; kitchen utensils, cnd general effects. And. at 3 6iock, oru Wedresd3y, Augst 20, vill be- offered the Beneficial Intersmt in the above commanaung and spacious Residence, adapte( for the 2zecintcodation of a famiy of the highest recpectabilsty. May be viewed two days antecedent to sale, and catalogues hbd on the promires, and at Mr. McDonald's ofices, 41. Baher-street, Portmarn-sq. Hertfardsbfre-Important and valuable Freehold Estates, . t Sau- Ltead Abbotte, St. Margaret's, and Great Amwell.-By Mr. C. ClIsETIS. at the Salisbury Arms In, Heertord, on 'TJImsuay, August 21.at2finthe aftermosa; '-I0-PRISING a substantial brick-built Family Re- My rldence, with double coach-house, stabling for eight harss, pleasure and kitchen gardens, cand orchard, in the best hart of bitinstead-street, in the occupatiOn of Nathaniel Allin, beq. A subztantial brick-built malting, withv 0quarter steep, workin -floory, malt sad barley Iots kiln-house extenslve etablingand cart shedsa hounded by anarrmaof thariver Lea sandhigh road; and accon,veient1Dwellinghouse, containing 10 rooms, wvith yard, garden, s.c. A c3nvenleut timbef-b'ilt Hrouse sand Baker's Shop, ha the Occupation of Mrr. 3BLakany ; cadsgood Family os,aStMrae'swilyiad ard'en; lso two Cotlages, in the occupation of Wim. Allin, Esq. ; a berik-built ouble Ca ca d orhard, r the lost lot; nine old en- Kcntos r&restof Amb e,Psture andMehowlad, coarnt aininga2cl in.and Foutrepieerofrable Ln si.idnf Whaaveeelder's annd Dualg-field( C5°emamon; be vieredl0 days previous to the ale, by leave of the tenants, and ard- .tcu ars i pa R nne, may be obtained at the innsat Stanstead * put of astem Ralweays. erCod Llnculae-inu; ~ ofSt~ r, adI Chimeley, 0, NOewequa^re, ESSRS. WHITE and SONS tfu notiy that e m favoured with instructions to SEL tLby Atog TIO2i, in eight lute, at the Auction Mast London, on M-onday, the 11th day of Aeguns, the eEeARNSe HILL ifiTATE, with tho geateel farm residenc very pleahaltly s'itaeentho an eminence, with southern aspect, tir wab£utelyes'cOttae. and all requtiste agricultural buildins, seoxodedby ,1a.6p. of Productivelafnd, cad several pieces ot ;parce of valuable anid meat fertile marsh land, containing te4a. lxr. Op-. -his portion of the Property, comirIting altogether r l35a. Tn . lIp.. Is i. ihe.oceinpation of ir. Charles o2lfe, at a y ssl tenancy. Also Patters,on Farm,tit co omm ddius farm-hlo-Use, labourers' cit,eur cand altneedful agricultural buildings, in a Pl bt eand comrnadin lc eton,cdrcedby reveral ellc.'aresoof "uable arablP,it an -op laud, cientav,ing tea. ISpn; cnd er lces iparl, ocasereLtaa mars,h latd. containinig Ia.& Sr. 4p.,-in zli 1 la, 33. Parcel of capitalu pation of Sir. John Wills, a mOst respectable tenant 0 long stlindi tGec F teinuCare;ttehsl por tions and the mar2l lasds are in 'atntss, lace, as minutely zc,forth in the Printed pceutoawihpLans enaexced; and are equally eligible fur the zccummodstiun of aidioinkg proltsr.sr pux- rermarnentinvestment oror oclnpatlon. The p.-eperty is situate in the seveni parihchs of Aldington, Ri1sincten. Bosninston, N,escharcb, god Iuckinge, and ail the Isi are alptroached aad our. ranudedty gadroads. Yeeca'iPtive lartinilass.with conditions, ;of i. and lithograisii pl`ns of the respective lete, may r,ow be obtazined in London, at the hart, caid of MIr. Weaklit, etatiesor,r 01, PErsia2dcn-etoce- at Uthe Faracen's Heai], A'hford then Swoan, Rs1th-' -he Ship.: Ness Rom~ney; the Red Lion, Teniter'lrn: il;e Ship, Fav;;~amu; tncFo-=-tain Caz cerbiury; cad the Star ien. WwadetoEe i of MTe~ssr W ,,Sdni Vi. Szmallpelce, solictr,Gidod a fless ht -rd Sons, at their aucitionl, estante, a111 titbo agoory- ofiling, Dock;ing, Slime; on tlieboreerso 02 ent.-Valuable Freehold Estates, Ancient Remnence, Plersaure Ground-. Gardens and Farmg, containing t,er abont 417 acres- of lad e,ad of the value ofabu £tJper an n u m - ~fESIl. NRTON, HOG(GART and TPIST LVI hae eceve lntrgtlnsto offer for, SALM at the Mar, nol Friay Agut 1, ta, heGREAT andl LEM1LE IIORZELL ESTATE, beauiful rechetoroprty,delieshifully situate, in the parn-ax of irhurt.abut hrs ile fomthe Etigham Station on the. Tunride-scdi mi Hatine Banc ofthesanth-Esatern ltailway, an esy istnce romTunride-wela nd ashngs, mud in a hiighly pictrenso prt o th cecy oSus.Iiconsists of ant ancieont Elizbetan esienc, cntantunumerous rooms, wsith lawn, plea-. suregronds,kithengarden, and orchard], to;ether with nLumerous encosues f sefl aabo, eadw,hop, and wrood land lying in a rigfence, wihfarm cottae ban.hop oat-ts, and agicItmal buit,d. ls-ewhole containigaot47 acres Thueesatepopseszes manry eatutSites for Isidig tee sanahunianro of good stone, the 3ad 7oeplainl nu atenmd interespersed with woodis admirably adapte for the p~reservation of gamie, smid to any gentleman detrov,s of combining residence with agricultural Pursunits perhapts it would be difficult to meet with a prery affesing greater faciltis t'articularn anid plans may be had of Messrs. Nceo and Wilsn, soclctors, Cranbrook; at the C lverle;,Hotel, Tunbridgc-wells; AIhian, Hastines;, at the MTart; and of Messrs Hoggrt, Nforton, and Trint 62. Old Brad-street. Royal Exchange. Sussex, on the borders of Kent.-Valoable Freehold Ftc,cnan Ing neoont 286 sacre of dina land, adapted either fo cuainor investment. M~SSRS. NORTON, HOGGA-RT andl TRi-ST N bave received instructions to cifer for SAZE at the 3Ic,on Frday, August 15 at 35, a very destrable FEPYEHOLD ESTA=E knowrn as Lamsford Farm. together with the manor of Linsford and the rights and quit rents belonging thereto, beautifully situate in the parishes of Etchingeam and Salehurst, close to the Etehiughams Sta-. tion and the church, which forms an interesting object. It consigts of numerouseu.clorare.of meetproductive arble, lip. posture,and wood land, lying exceedingly compiac,and entirelywithin a in fence, itht f rm-ose ewly-buillt hop oanr, barn, stablhing nd' shs, ottages and gardens, in theoccpation ofmost resp)actable tenants. This propeat,y is bounded by the river Rother for a conoilderable distance, and 3dovrd supeiore.ranuaol Fqualitoled in grate, uonat.nThe aboods are wEllSlntdSit csNORTOaNd sHO G R, and thTRIefomam ST cm p haTns e -ecavd of stMe tns. t ofveran flornS. sliatots e Cranbron at heday iv1,.verluabHoelP. TuHbLDae-e dl lbien, Hasting;at th cloawt ans ofe Messr. Forto, situ gate andWood-en, 6n5he, o fdBc Rlrsen edfordshire.-aual Freeoldou Emtae, crontaiin cabouta194akre - town of Bedord, on the road to Kinibolton and Thuiletgh, oronprising a farm-nouse, and all necessary farm-buildlings, together with onumerous enclosures of exceelent arable, meadow, and weed land, thehoshlecontaining196acres, or thereabouts, and le' upon leasee to Mr~. Thus jeMimre for a term. of 21 Years, from Micbslinpams, 1555, at a moderate rent of £100'r anu.May be viewed, and particulars had at the Swan Hiotel;,llCdford of Messra. Jones and Blaxiond, zo31icitora, Orosby-square, 'Bihopugt; of B. S. Clarkce, Esq., solicitor. Biiabopsgate-churrhyard ; at the Mart and of Mfeas.r Norton. Hoggart, and Tzist,'(2. Old Broad-street, Rtoyal 33xobange. fia-ut Sleofth SrpusPrpetyOfth North London Raiway 3JSSRS. BEAX)EL and %_ONS have receiy-od iot. TUtctons to SELL by AUC7TION. at the Mart o Tuesday, Augus19. at 12, in 46 lois, numerous valuable PLOTS of b'EtIIOLD BUILDING LAND, fronting the Church-road, In the pariah of St. John Hackney Alsol3hots ofhighly desirable BduildnLand.front. loig tie St. Paul1's-ro.ad and close to the ranilay station at Hfighbury. Someewell-secured GroundlBetat, and several desirable Shops%, wth reeldunes.letto espctale enats,at odeaterents, situate irfBreek- tereneh ea tmex-ralwayl station, Camento weln, Paor.conavemaynt Homestead, and abont 60 acres o M ESSRS. BEADEL and SONS eaercivedl in- stmuetionstoSELLby AUCTION at the Mart, onTuesday Aug. Nof 0 th u twnanrortofg Leigh, inthe ocuaino Lr headgold, SSprSanu . PEArticLar and codtONS orhale maee otined ofn Mr EdIsrd etodarto soLictr BilAU enca. Easter: art the Auection Mamst; andAo Mexoem et adel en MSons, 2,Greh ab-srut,8 ce Londn Lno.d. ihiarfiverougtsrofd Sotupt. om s-ourod,f mt-clar Laseh12old SalisouryInVstmnt jESSRS. BEAD)EL and SONS have received in-TJ. strmctions to SELL by AUCTION, at'the Mart, on HTueday gueth19amton 12 rd% uut29 tS in one lot, a valal IL EIeNEIow adcomprn,andac eet leTA tow aa Groespeactbetnn, at the p ren ofNus £5g coperisannum Partnclars mybetht obaioned at taheAucton Mat;e rand thnhaln yneof ters.eedlan o s. 5 sureroan-etrby, lowndon. as- groupels lrge- IdcencoardetnaiyMn~, with focn n aabot87 heacrso Lftes nd, withinldeines, oft Sbouth87amponres of aimble.pa, r~and S MoodSSn S. Beldu deraleae and SOa noi al recfraerive ifYasouthampton.0t onfridayrAuus2, at5 s.c int ,aermyan deesirable reeabdcom pact meStAE kow fne as Groe-pae,d in thur penyarish of ursreadeibrnglaahie avenure ofrl teeq uareunttoded byi aslawn. porlease grouns, lrge ktobe gardn, wth focing atdipropagting i taue. offce And BO OTbHlins withaot87arso aSb.Lpator, en w ut,la n Thulnnea lease,atd atnmnlrn,frtr fS yeas ro te 2thofMach 15G1 suhtembaigbenusal renderingu the ytenu s renearl equldo fehl.Tiesaeor,at Pout-cas resdntial propuii entlyad ofrm toiualnbtc in th centareta AgooUsoringdstrict wihneayaceso the anduit esatbenm or gent, , lemnof famlils seknC acmacasatmna Smalebld nveTmests.-Cln-, tree,Ilntn R.A. BOOTH will SELL b AUCTION, at the lart' on Thursday, Auga 1,at 12or 1. in thre lots, EIGHT bLst.-bEHiLD,seven-roo wit workh-opsEadsta. g being Nos.37to, she, S1aud140, Clyonbrg-street, ColrdianceO ae-road, el for2 ears, at groun rents, pouc-ing a rental of £212 pr annum. Particulars atth the M-art ncelt -sigin and of Mr. A, Booth, auctioneer andesaegnt esat Caget .rlton- W lvils,Cnie-ra, o pposite the nkoc rms.- Leasehold Investlment, HCavde-rot.-ild. IA.A. BOOTH wfi SELL by AUCTION, at the XiLL Mart, on Thursday, August14.at 1for l.in fore lots, TOIRE 38 b9tantd 40 bRtosemih-dteached PriSznce vtmalssritadl Haerdens,k hitl,atel Ximc fro 4.adE adnrathe frehie,tghroand frents Lwent'rspect- Mad; Angel, Ibneto IslofgMens. brdadBk,slrio Rla-tn. cENItandSf r is Booth,ruct ioneer andestate agent,c hIjSRS . BOOTERwil SELLL by UCTON aUTIthe JMart. onrwy',o Thursday, Augus1.aht212fri athelosTitE sbystanetiony-oflthe Aemi-ietraorofted lt My.DNCS ith largegardeAins,lt tHolwy.Near Bothenturnpike. HldbyseartelneaseIs, fr 9nd er prannm Tuer situation in Auus remrkbl ealth an exceedingoelyt wevlualdried May beO vEwed;, patcuarsd Satl thes Marit;ngel. Iinetrly andRre ofmar.sA,abooth aucpationeerland,ett agetb, 1, Carlto cn-ilvila,eniden -rhometad, prhel othe 2 Brekokarm'ls.e o e hiannue y-ecreet CBearaiesAln,souhbModer Lexpseholda Residence sh.s viewe by eNmisdNSo tvheL byDnt AUTIN,a 1OLdaspirtth saOle.,comriin Be. Ins7t, Stanleystreet, Be -Greavi sothkpeasnl iut, nti ail lpoutindga nheighbourhood,ad atoa odrate gof n M r.eAnt. Maydhard-ewed, and torticular, whitheon adion Cofsle, hartoln te, preminstresat, Garraiaors; of Mesrs. Moss. 3- Ic, ayorgand- Mosete solicitor; fs.Wo, 15,Bedford-street, Covent-garen; at Mr ezs-lCina'wofer, I, BefrSoth amtn-stobhet, Sturrey. LeSaholdInvStments, a Lodo-tereet,nerte, Caeoia-od BAIKER and SOW ;IsingtoLn yAUTIN,o th eNKN Prm ses Tonmtroo teAu d' 3 ato1 s bub t to5 ulicd o SelfOIO-,atUG Organa', YmoniTursda, Haug.p Cocetins, THRE somu-eltoeed other-b MusiDWElING-HOUenS, ihgres en Kss OT, 4.an 3, ononstreet, r wilia-tret instab tovealse to rset bletnny proUCTIONg narl £60 pRoo ann21, Oland-steldeot tearmofw SrArs, 1,atalI ground rent Mpaycso bD vieweatd ,yeunsondan antbIBrothoolsale,ar and patclr,wtCodt ons ll are, W--mupo.ndth pthremises;tofmkenrs. aosol, Taylsor, bamndumely soicitors, Io Bied- ford-ste reet,hovdentadLen;atenold ayst and at Ltlmor. esl andofices 5, Suthnsptn-sreet StandW. SBE,ath r Hel - .LLLtGarawaye, o Thusda, augu(istead at precisely, as lots, by diectio of te Admnistrtors of the late Mr J.Thoas Aelle, as. stVables,adbusies Frerie,eh ligbl sn Lituefeate, stret oHg -stet,i bus_ pinssn thewhle pbroduc,'s Let, ine arlw£-per Fannum. To.tbein vigethed by0 permIsi otfh teniants land paiticularsmchnbe band at the ffte ~ at Goirrewayt's arandgfJed,rs Cnrawncr surveyors, landagents, coJttage. ys,o Th ursdayl~,E! , o ugust2 _iwlat 1-ensed, ainn let a -aual FREO- STt called Sx!_l ats os stigo avneof trees,' Lot 2. AL Freehold Enclosura of Arable Land, on the north side of the Garslngton-road, known en Broken Forlon7,1or Hurst'e Piece, containing 30la. Sr. 2p. Let S. A LesseholdEs tate, at Littlernore, containing 10Sa.2jr.1Slp. of oxcellest land. toether withgood residence and horneatead, situate in the Malngo: the boose anud gdardn are now In the Occupation of Mlr. Weatbrconl Lot -L A Freehold brIck-built Cottage, in Littlemrer village, in the ocanpation of Mr. W.3Brounsell. Printed particulars, and further informat ion ess beobtine, ad aplan seen, on a liation to 'Sr. Benwell sell ~~ of eu~~~~namrs.Waler. Grat, ana OD Farehlam, Hants.-Tmuly desirble old-establis hed Drape-y and Groer Busluema Premises, the best situation in the market town of I=re hzms.-By Mlr. ABRAHAM, at the Red Lion Inn, Fareham, on Tuesday, August 19, at S In the afternoon, in one In, A LL those capital Btusiness Premises, where a goocl ---draper trade also a wholesale and retail grocery and provision business..iiare on ; in tae respective occupation of M1r. JaDies Alfred Higgs and Mr. James Smith. The drapery prxemises, now in the occupation of M,r. Riggs, at the yearly rent of £6169. have a lofty sinace front, with tro modem chiop wvindowvs and deer in the centre, a frontage of 22 feet, and consist, on the ground dloor, of a captia chop 38 feat by 21 feet, a staircase leadiIng to stock roomn over, -a show cases and dinin rom yug men's room, kitchen, and offices ; onL the first. flOs,lslanin rom,three be rooms, aittingroom., andmnillnery worcrhun waer-cose; and in the roof, three attic bed roomas: in the ear a nat lowr garden, -wills summer-house. Th7e wholesale and etal groery nd rovison premises, in the occupx~ation of Mr. Smit, a theren of 180per annum, have an eqa etioelevtin a modem window an'ands2 frontage of 27lfeet or thereabout, andconist onthegriadfloor, of a chop 38 feet deep. itore-cloeet ~~ An; ~~~and,' on the brut floor, a dtrawirng moss andpwater-ct - ; in the rooZf, two attic bed toM H G r F~-hrmf. or further particularsapply Depre ad A~77 ~'Waxebandle&-'hall, London: to Mesa.rs_ otoh nit en.,solicitors, 21 Cheapr'sde, London; teane 'ee.Pssm aind for Permission to vlewi o the Twtssiso. of a-n exceller.t Famifly Recidence, sitnato3 to its own grosjs, about 13 acres, chiarcmisrgl diveretfiedand wooded, bounded =ytecmmnon andl the Crytal Palace RaLilway, distant about four mie rm the west end, and writbia 20, minutes' ailway ride freom the Waterloo Stlation. . MqESSR)3. FAREBROTHEDR, CLARKC, ancl LYE I i beg toinfrrm tbo Public that the SALE or the above PKl)O PERTY. advertised to take place at Ga'rawa-s'a, To marrow. August 33. is POSTI'ON ED till SePtemberI8.-Laileater-place, Strand. Rats1 Of msgsldcrnc Dresiden China Vases, Cinninsey.glass of l*rga dlimensions, C-larence Carriage by Btooker. Patent Baeth Char. Two Alderney Cows, Rick of Hay,Greenhonsa Plauts. and varloqsEffeet-, 'JrESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLA.RK, and LYJE ±VJOavNing sold the estate) are instructed by the Propriet3r to BELL, upon the Premises, RS aboTe THIS DAY, August the 12tb, snd To-mserow. a-t 12 o'clocik eacheday, the very capital and nearly .newr HOUSERBOLD FURNITURE, comsprizing anl elegant drawlag rcom Euitb in figured green satin damask curtains for three windows, with ro-sewooct couches and chbrsm covered en suite, mnarque. torne, centre, rosewood, and other-tables, cheffoniers in rosewosfi enl cerred 'walnut wood brilliant.plate chimney-,clasnes of larga dimensionsVelvet Pile carpet, &In, the dinla romfriuei s polished oow and comprises nandaamb . pedeate sideboard, set of oxterdicgdining tables, dumbl waiter, a ret of 12 chairs (the bacim Aal1 reats covered ina morocco); in the lbrary anad mornlag roo-ms, ruites of Sune cloth curtains, noble carved OAk centre table, moasquet-erme and. oak chairs, cut glass chiandelier, Turkey anodBrussels carpets, &c.; the chamber f urniture comprises four-post and F'rench bedstea,ds with bedding, winged and other wa,rdrobes, chests of drawers marble-t0p washietands, dressing tables and glasses; the fittings of the servanta apart- ient3s, nrtcri-,koitchn and dtre shic ffesa lrnecrie (hlb SD.keA.RMoutStreY irsvinstr-ucted. two bmam Mene cTowo ,rco hat, store Mirt, donTihpursday, irongau dnle vanduable POLts, grenthouepLantes,urustcgrensoceats ndtleo o nueoseffee o-theL.eo Mayh viewethera,nw5 dyeprecedin andg riro and bite obOlces of Wesr. FaebroEs er, ofcila andgLye, Laco tr lane ;ana of Mr.-oc D. the Ldaw.79 Life Wilassurance Soiety r£0. 1 R. D.,A. RtAMSAY is instructed to SELL by MVIAUCTION, at the Mart,on Thursday August 21.a~IT12th valuC.abl hre pOLeC Cent.ConaolfeAnnuitesnrceivbetyon th odebonus effected on the 5t Liew ofa gerntgemanow ssdn 29 ear ofae, namiculahe ryce obntaitGneda of t. ell Reqg,ux offco Chsigceey ioemn-streest-o builHins v. Haio.' Pariwlad, rsq. moiar. 1 . ob uaity-court , Cancerylane aD. ofA . Rasa. A9, Kiauy,9Kng William-street , city. Reer ion,t£n06 fs.Pd,, Tree ber C4entCnolid tated nuiis 1~r.D. A. R-AMVSAY is instructed to SELLb 1tI.AUCTION. at the Aart, on Thursday, Aucel.agntiTft %hop,iing Nad. Three per aend.C8nsoW11notae, receivaleson th desiathe temofalswlnhich 68 earsofeunxierged,a- nw to respnsitbltenaneofthe Acanlarouct-g enecal of th 2 e rHg Conurtof Caney b nte suite by 1r "Hoaysf the tnancson Particuars may bes obtianedt toe M.ioart;ad O Dr I. A. R tarsay. 79. King Williamr-street. city. otm rehld ntatong-h atWelmabe Laseold Rent,at3te.poeryo ESSRS. H. RASA s11 ainctrcT. to SELLRT by JAtoUntify tat lthe 3artG,o7 nThrday, AfWIuIGuTO2,HAtLL a e siAbl enL, were OLD a EtATe reoeprsingtionan brc-buil dwellingare ttread, witthg-hties bade n tow guroandenth unwld porin,dncludingpe tdwerdestdernc Fet abount 7 cers.22 Thregattamsstreet, Bedfod-row B easongry,ne-ar te rckl-rayem'rAxeSable LesehldaEseateaseol ESRoperT Small Caitaist and othrs ROETSwl 1Y1 ON.yAUTIN at the Mart, on Thursday, Anigos I at12 Dinlfurlon6 and Soudrfth-cas oralyStgaton, Brd ictaes'Ah coin.to te psissngFOl TWuLVEabrialbul-eteDWELLING-HOrJSES, wihnarewith shp,ben Koe, 4,5,o.and.- 87, ac Dilwwelld and Holsoesirbl itReSid wIth plOtWofgrond T. oAin. ROBElRoTS read raSE-road, ACTIONse,hl on lersase Atulow grutn1, i rets,free telof whIch DWEarsN areUnExpre, ailth too grdespnsibl torenants, and producin an retable of£b e rn N annumt 1. Mllaybeoviewe by ther0 - maissio of Messm tenats, Bn rtwn,Obar _bained ofth.rs Hoand' It , P.rov eaotsaye St, Jingme llia-street, cO i etyra, uteocpto Noftices-FWatsond elato, anlothemlntn Then whlathe propniarotyo MloeSra S.n an belfoabu 5jaaatmdre un rets. rntec.f thartlots 3 m,aybe hand of WIMINGTsON-HeA LLn r FlctaTE, Ken, weeloakLDne at tharcnt autin andrs tHey arew prepared. Roeteesiec, wihaot3 ne22, Throginorrnosteet,rug.t4 KTee usidGto-iroun et ad FreenoiralHos L-oeasehold Estates. M ESSRS. H. BROW%NN and T. A. ROBERTS -will SELT, by AUCTION, at the Mart en Thursday, Aug.u2,st 12, i inlot., te byPE orderFtHeLDGOrtggee T, andwtmounsengt ofthe s tignees , TWELVE brick-uilto1 dweLinG-houses, wsm ith gades,. pleasaentlydsituateand eig oe.iord nlsve awc-road. Kur-sreto enDpfnord-oa nerotherwholeeofDrod chi o t entalted andu wll0 produce ait ofe whirl49 yeaersionarethunexpire5atiaoundrn of £10pesn perannum fsorFv .eves d-threethue. Ma b siewed and remsinthed ba particlra of eRs. CrOwe,MAynard, SonEadLaL fd b soAUCTION1, ColemtnstIremtiastes 4art aeBnd ofe tMunesss.sBrw anT acpa.l Robferts b2,e viosy SaeLLb) UC. N on Thursday, A ugust22 at 12, i th r erfca EA E c Vo~ IN DWELINESS PREUSS, writh godpardosDellns,-somlewt patonst of fiesss Whie,oDown, adfor bba elad rothes;n four drtoin, Grov-ott,aned St.lu Jloz -iet, Oldd prva eent-raoad in the gonflocupa'tio of esss. aton,Strce,an oters Th wole producingaboutb Lllipeannm, nd aldfurabot y ars,atmdorThe ground cens.Prite patiulas ay o ad esss.Sbard andYr osher, Nesolidt,is,3,Cloak-laneci; Tande of aMDes-srcs.eHnrownr and St.a. Riobert,2, TromimQrio-n-e treetsico.--vrpa adtelrig Frseehl Groudnd Rentsr aend Frceehl Hmouses, PoerDiepfrdTM-Ioad, andE RS H.adWrbxe n BR WNitand DesA. ROBle RTy A wil l eve Dowge). wi SELL by AUCTION,a h s n hrdy uut25 inth to £1 pa,,anapl secredoOdwstelli ng-hoursesy.(somewt shops), situae inedfod-plce2 eahdfod-o, and Chobugsre t. Low er Dueptor ford-end otherithe or buhigaetl, ofraboutu £250ze a-year,a winls Freehold Delling-h ases cu wita sho, ditua,leter weghs,4t penR-ta ford-paceafresai ,mth goccupatind of erespci-abes tilenats and po-he ducin togeher a rena ofaounte £92Uia-yer Maytbes vaiewe by learvedn of th tennts, nd pinoedp2arincu lrshd I1ndiay befoalre thne sale)a thena Europ Tavern R paer ir of Mestcsrs. lekes andck Adzams, Bryown acnd. A. Roets,2,gThrogotn-tet ile uhoc dsrit __ries 9 e Bn-ict t (ufnle anoaeptabotles offery beore pria mae). onTusa.Auut4vtiewe the bueneical a EAS W rfe thre aingtaealeBUSIndS PatEloSes widatthespauctiou ersDweling-hoSe, roos,and-srch Frinanclset,godarvae. etac:tegon lo,wt comading hop, -leand ReBlegntolae-gloasst forontandmeStaltsash andlare Proamiatsear; on Theu aeet ag ice,s r cellrs,andconenint ofrkshop; , hel on lAse of the yearsofrom 15, a th eceeingy lwsente of £t00uper arrnnum.groThe henaboe ofies, Orchardstab eet, Postanlw-hosequare. lreut uidns Rhew oudseis neqe,-t omamintrade of~r andresing-case-maker and Sta- dioner ret~ln, uIshingth bueeneattedv.-Sther-plrequandither DreeuinLg-. cn ases,Gl aneiveryro,b Phenpesmt-se Totiesheellvo a l'opaer.l-h Ch ins, PariinandiCloks(frmerlythe paropertyof theprnlseateQen .&1R LOerhmAX willE ~SCELL y UCTOd onth Syd.Penhmises, 45,he Bosland-telert, onaThursd ay.Agustl 14 sabd SitOK copg aitof btf utal uh3ird, teor-income,ctronze ofdtheIind ink stgands, envelpetandscnthcaes waitcsh dito,sette)r weMrs pen-tGrays, cad-asoores,gln silverb mounstaSiebad,eln botutifles,ipairof carvekan git'scribeen llstrneedlework moun.htings,oriclypiercd anndca sdorocore- house Pand thercd asktapale of 2e-athod. daciaas nSse b1to l owlto ton twoL pai f pistIOls, ontelPemtise l,k qyuanhampty.oea tharet quality,tfons, toile bottls,a nexhi A suvsd pos,Prayers tnt and sersiencT bedviewedon wtuesday s and ednesda preceding toepis,adctaloguthr edsha atrad theddang.tihreei'Spofce, 8 machoanyd-sirce waPrtmduroes,c. t f wr, obeadsnl Sabp,ode t-rankdEteand Rsdnme,ronsebatbe a-pendt-hi lezSantin dingth Preomistes on rihursdati taaext,a Augut 14 tai2 for threoel evdnositoh msale of th furniture)6,octhieLES ofthe hrandsPao-e stubedtbiJrds,, seboated ino card,tll arrocasinglbed rondo bllaubou pl are, wih eY-bl=sitagapderbecarr-oued Sand h allorequisite bidings, sidehoard,exteningprfc dirdngsebts eair, tand inr readiess fr cIm indUtreccuptionve, hlzeavingabenyfte withcaeveryh mreqle tep,scudeinoga anuwtersis vavuabl grenoomubste presntslse, whluin om her mbode ra arg beoutlayinebuilding andtimpovements.n Pataloguesaron te premises, n adat M r. Debenhasn's ofie S,D80,Cheapside. LoremghaL-ark.-hol clbi-oustlyand Weneent aurniture,antificeont.ab R.nt J.Stffe AusRaLan irs, dteinlrlec tion of the Adindin Englrand,ixcept the atinte Britis Muavseubm)aKitrtkeslan' Gand supeaGa rb PedestaISiDeboard ,bautifurledtion ofASck line BODIbLL, ilutaten excvoleu,tandoBLyb-OUSd andsrocoIGEe hoUsPLaTS, andw valuable EldFfecthos. ,eiil iuaeahoe o[Minfieldplace ba-si rruotemeine instrroctione frow t entishtom.ThSe above UfiNonthremism- zebe i ens,do1 Sfenhampads ano teffor t-hillvree mtadetion,ontuesty nhexrpbt,uesoft1 pest,Parisantet,an Fvre cnchpbesteds,y wxis.thdama, ande efchient hangimng,cpt6alfather beds mattlyressnes,andibedt thremue] Sdenishd mahogany wimmnged nwardrobes,nchess dreawrs, iadouble. and siongl marbe-ops wautnds, and- numroithbustlichambrouappeindgs telegont. draing proomesute in el ric eatn foret a loniter of cuartainsa foremthre fretel byKroviewe a spendidtulip-or otidace fosaer,witdcaintetdo sarideboard, exoteainedinn tablessand stlezand forneae, 4lichitrs. in Georgechvlvet glbardsredtmhoany Gookasre with arbl top, Tksuperio Turke, OlrKsets,oand; otther carlets and rugs, potlishedgrfender andla firae-ironees, stairoarets a5 oew Oil paintingsan enoravner kiTthenh-- Densilr vlable g-reenhoudRsiencelants iAncldingoeaer onhomiceOrang irES ad aeiS, andEKS ciand u effectOs. Mayre aviewedto drayt,prletn ediiandmm) of susatale,yr rbusl by speciam rdIer,= con beotained of thealursichienee. adcatr aloges, hoarbd orn %a therpeie sLongLesablehobld Publc-boasm fanmyad nodbuildiga goe'arih en lan t -IIfihond,L orhad cmfetoead arbylte landnaini- ofo the 'Wkn lo.Sate illiamth MReaigan d toesgmte RapulwcaUCand GOWL o f h SaesAcoandexcellent UBIC-HUSy eenl apned WIN ALtS, kntrlowtrmnuasth Oldthrm-house eliibl sTuaew hecre of Masfiel-plae, an In font f tema road fomnCamden-tow Weto entish-wny. The abtztovef a premsspaerbeenhice ns edaoltyafe yer,and wihnoa efforbithasnvrc ae tfag od tettecpa bilitie-hun s of thve froitewed ens neighbat ourho o inr th. rfear. in rten hdihe spanparthrpticulartenobained ofn Messrs. Nokesa oanend Son r.l, solicios,1 Io, l Kent. quroad;Gat the-lun, Maand Borll, MessrslWeenk; and a Desiabl Frcioeehodresiadenctean agnd. noegar . Wokin gm.Dcs Ri-D. ESRS.- EEK an SI- N are favoured . Elegant, Mare Resiene ont Uthe efsttern coast, at Corton, neas- Lowestoft, Suffolk, M rESSRS. BUTCHER respectfully announce that It. they are instructedtoofferforSA LEbypubicCO'pETgTIO at the Royal Hotel, LOWestolt. on Wednesday August 27. at 2 in tho afternoon the valuable and delighbf'y Situt'e PROPlETY known us OCif 'ouse the residence of IL T. Birkett, Req., at Corton, Within two miles ofthe fashionable andimproving sea-port toenof Lowaeloft, and seven miles of Great Yarmouth; comprising a handsome arnd esstaitially erected brick and rtono mansion, in tho Etirabethan and Swbis style of architecture wvith charming ?leasure grounds- and shirubbesy, romantically situate on the cliff, alan elev tron a d 100 feet from the sea, commaudine grand and es-tenslveviews of marine and inland sMcery, usequsedon the eastern coast, and rendered doubly interesting by several hundred v&.asela daily passing in close proximity to the thore. Themansion ha3beenerected within thoe1al 10 yeas, and contains a richly carvedornamentedporchentrance with sold twvisted oakcolun entrance-hall and stairase, vwith twiEted pillars, and surmounted with carved figures; drawingand morningroomis,faCing the sa communicating With eachother.and measurmg togetherabout 48ft. byl2-ft.; dningroom24-f t, by lS-f.; library, houzekespsrba room, lx1spcious fomily bed roors,twodresatug rooms, oath room,. threo bed rooms for domestics, wrater-cLioets, twowell-fitled kitchens, batler'sand cook's Pantries, chia closet wine and ale cellars, larder, &Q, an enclosed couin yard, with cota andsuwoodhouses, kc. The offices are judiciously piaced and of a superien character ; theyconsist of a spacious carirge-hone thres-li stale leers botx, trwo other stables, harnes room .with hayloft, and manservant's room. The gardens and pleasure grounds are tastefully laid out, and diversified with numerous parterre5 of flowers and choice Plants. There are two vineries and a potting-house. On the eige of the cliff is a broad grovelled terraco wall. overlooking the German Ocean; and the grounds, includin-g an undulated gores plantation, extend down to the fine sandy beach. The neighbourhood is a highly desirable ens, and the sahibrity of Cortovn unaquestionable, and there in an abuindant ropply of the purest. spring water, The valuable proDertyate-entioeacoaPlt ex it ent about five acres,a Ilien.ee hold. Them 3 o adta-, n the p3arbsl charges ,are Sno nominal lior particula.rseand conditions of sa'e apPly to afers,r Crow7der.Maynasud. anmlCa, solictors, 57, Colemnan-asteel, Lonadon;ressrs. Norton and Reeve,tolcititrs, L owestolt; ccr to-Meows, But'cher, Noserlebt. d en lurinEiepenid a nb llrntn reiec at aleleworts fHN OKaud GALSWOWTHy 'WUI SELL by CAIUCXTIOy~,Klat the'rtOrnms. 21; Old SandI-street, Tomro Augus13, al'! all theexleuwlmaemdr Ut1T tEo- _.getemn seidenc,omrsn rwn onut nae Utrerhlt velvet, mnro n irr it,i e s:- rba and French bedsteads, marble was-stands.9 capitalbeds and beddinig, ware,dee-onedorga, bySevitngon., scrolces of regllsiee or he ometsOflhce,% and munserous Xisetipond Statlir, Sou th-Western IRsilway.-Coi-nPsntFreeh'Old Cois tges, with two acres anPlooiligtis conteibig five- ace fiHINNOOK and GALSWO0RTEkY wiUl S-BLL;by AUCTIN, a thelIe on Mnday. Auust 15, at 12, a corn. pat utER li)CT E Wa Itu-atabe Freoldn Croohtn-comeiont fear miles only mfle from Alcso ncoeth -heCarmarte alway Slation hvng two ere Zfleessoirnn-!L 7du, stallng of As twe dxetore pos of r'L2 FreeHolILnd, ctanin GieALrs,WRith Y valube frntgstructhec road and wferltut for SA .bulng iy bubic vUiewed, a ut particulakrL lod ts l the Marcet; o ofer fr.iheeh ntdretan ispreviousolcitors Moore gate-sre anLLof EThTES aiuctioees 28n th ge t -steeft,aideyrey Cardiskand Carea, aoot Garth-VainabYtmFreeholdEtates. eight mi.es from cunpter, nd3~milesfromthe eres ertihnlnvallay otation compisin 4,i0 aces,prodcinga Retallfes,21 aer aufords forabolue tie, n loa, y iretin 1 te -vrut ofshealof therlt C ~~IXNOCK and GALSWOR cttYages anstgrdcedsi to ofer fo SAL, by ublicAUCTof, at theg prolackLion lometsuneasg and tccepetable ofetbie entirty i prevously produc.th grs a rnda Cafa,IS and. pert ammnd etvrh, containn modierat oalay 2a of hingatiymprodutvemlaud,mlyingcheatly in te fer. l valleoftheus iver onthey,bich hounstherie relyatsiborthree mileTies,ndattord elentramfarshing,ogEthsierwihlte freeholadrightofeheat, wialthover f,or acrens,n whchpomadungex cptaherbage also prethe Feelai AlietArs ofabrichlyouse,iavater counrnyl, andh nume-prou cottaghesad. garrudensd thevilagresofthrlaingdentatcoy. ThelnfshrepofahkIscphlypoduc:vt qualiTy,meing chisefy o a deepsturnipeandpbarley oll, an,with goolam subsyoifece, and artvied inatouerousr compatedit aerrber with goo log e entaqof £y,1013 pbeer snm.heby t etlmYb ratl imoproted oTlaei drainin andimpe3 roverylos, maybe treatlinreased. the Alithouestae havdson thee bcommsufthed river areuy a h tributary es the thivey.tatte hntane ofve aee ravtteomponsderable deaetyand; iDnrera,blo astource of walrthy cutiated counctryd wth arcS parom attahed nieasurwoicde conurrnceof hopoietrs f tis stae,and enlsureeymighsetoh ecletq aliy,arhrbtho28 megutmst bee getlt mpoed h rThes Roand taxestare vof loien, and Athe titeonhewlesae hlavebeePlncmuted aitur2 er annumwo Th eore ohsett haveneverhav been atepe o edvlad;acnierbesuc of. wouealth t anstbeexpctedn troaisefn the minage t ErLs by,ich unerlie this pROYArtL AIThoseunde thce steep-sru,aclhaingbeen -tsbeabg an achiompany, whonhave sat ose o to he fomreehodlnts ofth mthipoleste. Ah srailway has beenh projecubtedandia suarveted closet the estadte, ineudedati complete the pirecotlione from ancester d decrpiord Havn FeaDraticuaThe, wtl facitheplns,eawib bthied Mo ofMes. tae5thm centory, Unonric and connolou n uicitosauste.Itfisra imor Mr. itant,hoflirt,i wof riwill poin rtioustemestae atooitmt the Slc Lio Htel, Ofasupeter:vea estay-husomeotel Casmathesn:Ltt the bueaieneg Hlotel,a ooberysih an de of i ganeurs Chnokand c Galatwor,Thy, auopticoner wand lsanad agents 2public-toet.ny Watderlo-pace Itylendots heorpoyatln Fants an ofitScienc and At.e prmoionslan-sdevelit open valuable Fandat, Fxue,and teebitwo o sDelling-Housecs adonind for ebmSal .impentauts to TheatricaoMn,gr wtmanduoters fIHINNOCK~ ~ ~~~t;- and ofSOTYhaebe a vorrk d waith instrotlonsr fombe the Merigenes of SEL by AUC-. TlsoN,s t ui m thecartuonMonayl.an Agust25,aty 12 tat mlacenfoeot edfice theeePLpss sumI FAofTOc upwacester-snreD hackgbenowedge vendbe as aafthelbaldn monuments oemnenof the chiefbornamentsofrtes irangcaaty elegant imOndeintan propersrton,ecand ewithrahe beyond emScgutinde ine deoraiiaio,nh tl ofplaetitectore inetheondtegrand o withn,th mkwltdedof an ordnarof advertinsent toxdot usicet the wrde- taiuls ifns exitensiv aonsestabisent ffu masnthin- vacfrmaa thebuldn clon candcne an p deal orgnfro It 0o gr,d 30 andoaablties) ;Thig3e fnopisene was westablshe by aul publnnr,iti oapabyluner of proyal Carthero 'nd esorats on ane aninttuin fore the cotrental onand devlopewnt of meneM andort aub4 a nd thehiiiongo scpeimentifi objet and rtoe lctrnical Eimnvenis, ine caresteveronswthutd manuf actures. an fee ifvoctsli 10havigse their objetath e xtnin -e-wtdofbl th:er eXineaiae also as ausc and lecture hall. and tGge ,nueralyus ansplacenfor fopr la inlstructive entrtinodmzents,fTe aitrureures incladirabl adaptedn neeoded with toe buidingpan ithe peromanentth ankaludable dloramoe,3 c0smormas, importlanot proprtiaescneteddd ho-mthepedifice combUing undern the denoinration of thet mayheimetionedwic thae geend organ,ofacknowledged to benoneuofothebfinest instrumenuioteF world.b t. wasy construced byd Meande. Ill an sGour and hinhl onmuerofthive Dmecalndaertalorgan TheseugCCtioFsnlplOnosm;ylinspmatdefo teycvmpriswell a singloteaz peheorer, itz a capabre flof rtodnal the Ag paeyand a e le-, of vvthe mhee celiebrtdcntinna organ s,y hcha Thequwind ronepdedbyhall hllw wo rk e bgec,id belam tpewmer time the alsoth t essmerenztat for grbandsmusicand divngtxpriment,of tia gighcantic Wudemaosuctie,LFo thealretreve cornopoerahos havin Panopltem 0ee dinhdiabter anlptd acnduesiyctorn6veetinlengtI, padduigint tenormou effdcgteih ia 1-osepowerdi steram tengie,ar with darge holers;uxpensivear hdaulcbf ramdgsapVatu aokmnd'itns; nff new ouSt Instruomrentsn for Th e ilensmptoin Solmdernurscientic doscoveris inluin theUg ose conf Cohanerma,& Thde inaFanoepQion has t ]ende nth ith omhe aprlo. bansrution infthe jdgepatmentos Cofusciecand i art,wSoedb Metenssrin thebidingC and inALSeOhRaTeYrlth thexhAbction, Mart,hie bhee sugeted oLandapoved of woulda moreh effectuatlly forrIyoutthoriinafou deig of thimost uesefur nttuivey,hc orsueewudb mor faully leveloped and renderhIlasurslad igy Gremuneraiv CoMsAlreiapleraw-Reng.Thesei getloonsanplatiosmearms. -insected they Compis, ameua teeansa, athes yearecn an centrTedoornt,ofth lir7 co ncert hallwgfoul be obtained,oand atnth samefatuimeth pr_.jesen roapadlt of t the sirenantu aoud b_te, secuxred intact Thintalone,ounth th nraingiu tasm.3tetfor grads musca entertaunumen of audhighclass, wOul ensuPre sucess, For atheatre for opea-ous thelPangphoulsa admlia, adapate ad ben o 3and easly onvrtbe.at Saddij-tionto teminth bnldngwthItoI apeddt leis therM6ct.e arer two l Sreltembere thears Omachinery65om-e,severalprodunen'epoice,astrabe,rooms,aenginee' arhighs,tbateof uicvandtwon adwelling-souses Detaeiedtprtclantatlsns, atanhd modeo islae may be obtaineda theoe Auction Mupiet, city; ofat. Harbe Slden, R o solictitrdo _14, arll invenstreetin W rehonildr esecusit oung amlVallng, and ones,bl solictohs det. f lilard incoert, Mons,rValinc PWandalince soidtcbetoiuas 20, Esse-steet&tand:; 28, Itegent-atreet, Waterloo-place, beingndon, To Brewperem PtoriySol, puant otoersanh Order f h A igh Court of Chancery,hmade inr9 eause a thiney low Clemdentof with the appro batio ofuthesJudg tohoe Cbourvti causea inatace, LyIesr. CHOUSEgC omandi GAisWtatHYaatheo thofV~baeeteAu tionltret, inth lwatk, nearthouth reserve, o. n aot iwa )ewea The George, nT,pta-i Plt ifLe thol Bublding udG ron.unvdoing '~ Alted-plso, antra ixeln thuiesocptonos ees.cIr andu wa,, as anuesalyent, Augt 1b5 (ayear; an ImProvledrn offe £17, anatomad-toe), thevaluadle LAnE Imrovd Rsental of the poer TnnM, deoad, opoie theBLephantS and NVae, secUred uPonarentalysitamut. drtof n a ndos i.ov =tent f 00, arigcsintfom theentwondwelltn-ing-ouses Cand, shops sitate nd bing o., 3 an 24,Grea wnithlk-sheen,ingth and adlr. oictor, 2, Godenequre rofaMd Stringer, solictito.3 AbhreholaaGren city; latd the ar'and ofmeL-s rderoftinnc and Gal,- -worh Frcthold. 8 Regienot-arswoode-terrge Hm, Chea Clrt F.hrso n SAIDGROV~tEsohctos 28en Golrden-stuare. Som, erset,ptorilytcloe the trampatFeoshold and smally) part opy FaRm-EuOLDng andIDENmEStpead,an ans excelleto new. Ctage 4,Erissi and GALSWORTHfou lotyanll SELL b compFrisinu165acreslefver Prodctives ptasturete, Bacble,s and orchrd,i intersectedby gotodned,attandein y-udesea.newlybitca,ommpodiousco. taersdnE,OfRm-ouE. bARtOn,and cptl farm-diVigs eiE the sGuth of England, esSLLb UCIN e oda,te int day of Aucust next an olwn as h woe of the tasteful and costly APOINOlTiNso SRWSRYHUS,Nwate upon-Tyre, includn drwn om iigroom, lbay n bed room furniture, ~~ssu eindadelaotey xrtd by Sopveith, Robso,Ags n arnin antiqiue ca tables, and brackets stsialcrvd ndnhghpreservain genuine Oriental, Shrs Wocse,adIcee hn,incldn vases bowls, fEnaresgru, oofao beaucy andE great vale sumecrold paintins bigth nrs productions of tha moioigartstsm-C DoeythFartuntand Female Boa-i, a Stuf from Hatr ; ereSle,FodTido on the Thamas3; J. 'W. Carimchael, nsabog Castle and Storm;, Alfrod Clint, Storm at Sea; F- J. Cobet Gdvay Laassuad Weedy landrEape;. D). W. Desue,'Reman Gir at Devotion; 'W. Duffleld, Fruit and Floyesr C,0 Dukes,j Lullaby; T. Earl, Dog's Read; J. Esvhank.LEeith Pisr.i(Esgraved~ and Vletrof Rome ; G. Gamy. Fret; J. S. HDIll BLueti Figure- J. lbbeteon, Ruins, Clatt-le. andLand3nas : C. Josi, Cattle and Isu&;icpe; . J. D: ennd, Fi"gures, River, andl LandomcPe; 111,S. Lauder, Aurora; H. O'NeS aI. P. It. Pickeeglil afftudyfor a large Picture' D Flasxnoxe,ThjmePsriS.S F-Fer, The Greta; aesetraten, SOtiie Lie J. Sorters Gipsy Pastime,anmd OnA Daty, a Sketch froma Hature I3, Sebradler, Neapolitan Fewmts-,i; E. Train, Waterfall' ;B WaV6e, Sea 52ieco (Tynemomrthi Cliff IWhitbyJ) Scene from. the Tempes, Dunziaabronglx Caltie, and Pratrance to Shields Harbeur; J. Zeitter, Hungarian :lessauts, Penciland Water-colour 3Doawins.ga C. BT aSeeneintho Prairie;- . rka Tan Studies from Watare; Cuitt. a Study from Mran;" G. A. Fripp, 'Near HamotoaDed; Mr. Hlarrison, Two Greeue of Flowers ; J. Holland, Groeuwsca Pensioner; C.O JosL, the Old Cow Shrd; Macten. Hats, lArdescaps and MFiurer; T. M. Richardson the OuseburaViaduct nearlRewcastle; Frederick Talor, Hig_hlnd ,Girl (Engraved).; A, Hr. Ta tar, Drill, J. Zeitter,- Four Studier from Nature ; Jusith and Holofemes, a Study after W.' Pity. FA Reced colesOf the EWel-mabe,hdsfoSalieea; also thl valuable nhrasyof modern books, The sale wril commeure eachday .t 11for i2preclsey. - ispection (by catalogile only) en &atar- day, August 16, from 11 to -. CommNilons to purehase wilt be ac-1 oujately executedh t7he auctioneer, Catalogues Ipsice 09 -call.) may be obtained at Mr., Harficaetlts officee,1Sgnderlaud, Worth. Suitexe-Valuaable Frechold suiding-Land, in extent up-innsr of 13 anres, in ths, diEtsiatmOaw Poprlarly known and in much rep-ito ais Effinghsam-parlr, witbin about three miles of the F-orley or Three :Brdaestatiows.Danthe,irigbtoa-Raalway, . 1~R. -%V3L THORNTON is -intrgcted to submit to. LV public COMPETITION, at-the Maort, onWednesizy. Angast. d0. at 12, in one loti a valutable area of building- ground, meoet favourably sitiuate, adjoining the highroad leading from Blurstowr to Terae Bridges, to wlsichl it It s a. Tery extensive frontage, W,alao o te nI,ew f55~~~j~ ~~ ~ ~~,., dtl,maeu ably the pr6rerlive partof this district. The Eivieat.Io isa on rising onud-. csrnmindiog siguarly pinturesque vas ud the ricvhhour3nad Ia provecbially diate vciniity of-the property ands?.plars las been p-eparxeI d Mnale,s be ispeced a theofce oft'he auctioneer, for rendering it avallable for rectng etaced illas, w ith gardens, for which it jis errceerliegly eligile, brickardbing situatea within a quarter of a;mile from thCe spotand hea oachby excellent ro&Ul- Conditions5 of sale will be pod~nd nd Iirsthe aleroomn, and may be ereu Priosiely at, st-e I oficeof he uctoner, ho ill, on aprilicatien, readily cio- any furherinormtio tat aybe desired.-Auction andEZstaseoffboae. _Sreatham and:lteigatc, Snrrey.-Elgible LaeodIveret J~JR.WM. THORNTON isintutdb r V D-evstees in Trust - of the late Mr.Beaan uptSILly AUCT!ION-, at tIse Auctioen Mart, on Wesedy uut2.Flh newly-erected genteel COTTA&GES, pleatlen adnte-sy situate, respectively at Leigham-laae,intrth ,asneroth jtUnction railwayfitation atRIedibill, IfelZate. Lot1-llcprei-i newly-built atonaeand brick Dwellings imder one ofbsnacrS Stuccoed facing, withltrtlhwindorrs, near the station,a ehl.Ec houste contains ~four rooes, wash-home, &o., and tere are good gardens. They arelheld by respectable tenants, aSstents smount.iug to3S Per, annum, This property is held by lease direct from the freeholder. for aterm of ehien 819yeamrsermaunexpIred at Mdsummnierlatas itt very ,lowy!earlyground rent of £2 lOs. Lot 2. Two newly-erectedasisal subtanialIteidersesraerone roof, each cf fire room., with wa;l-,h house anid coal-alredV~desirably situate ana beding.'N's. 3 anfi4i xewr Le5gham-lsno. Streatham, with flower -garderninIrnt, andvegetablo ,Rqx~din thrmr. rodiiirnr4per ai lm O the parohial rates). isloishedbYls-aor eemiaderua te!rm,of whi-th76 years were nualxPired at Ch-lstreas 1816, at the very low gronnd rent of 15 per annuma. The original teases and usual conditiono orsale may be seen at the office of the auctlo~seer, at P.elgate, of where, as alay. of Mdr. Morrison, at eigate, any further informeation nma be obtsIns 2. Town of Begate.-keahd(ia t veyecellent 'garden, de- lgtghtfulb Place,d, adisiningtheond-on road, andwitbirafire mnuleez 'walk.ofzbetown satiotn., R~ . W.M. THORNTO.N is avue wihinstrcic,L. tions fxom the owner (who isabountoreaidein a.elaistaontety) to SELL by public AUCTION, at the. Auction Mart, in Lon-don, on. Friday, Aungust 29, at 12, a superior IfESIORNCE. erected a few yuar since, and in the beszt sta6te of amsabtantia and .ornaaceutal repair. it is in all respects fit for the immrediate ra tesofafmiyo .respectsbiifity. It occupies a much admrel, situation, lasxriing a south aspect, on thre nerth sidle of the rite of the Ancient Castle. the ornamental timber ripan whirls forms a most atirartirs, foregrounld, auidthe distanisieews.eembracin.Rllcgate-p)arlk and extending toLitetahill, are singularly beaurtifuL 'The henle presents a neat elevatien, approached throughi an edtranee gate -and isposing porticoD entranceo with earcisa sweep, and contains, on the gronzd Bloor, capital entrancebil leadinig to a well-proportioned dining-room baring ettra, bayed window a geood drawing room, and breakfast pastr-, all handsomely fintilhec and of good height, cluna closet, gosf kitchen, paintry-, and seulierS; endl en the basement am- beer and. coal cellars; on the fleet door are four large airy chambers, dreeing room, end-waler closet, and themo are four good senvas,ti~ sleeping rooms over. Tile caplitaigardeno(inextent approaching an acr) has been tastefully- elia posed and plantedwith a profusien of choice shrubs andornameatal trees andlbaviugbean Carefully keptuip isin suprio culItion th day ravelad alksharebeenwai formed, and the estate is entircly enclosed by a good fence The tenure is leasehold, held direct from the freeholder for, an unexpired t-erm of 95 yeax,s from Lady-day test, a' a very low ground rent Poasesriods may be had at .Mciche)snas next, but thepoperty can be viewed by peraisionof he enat oly,by cad,t3 be obtained at the oaiea of the inactioncer. FI?arilars, with oanditlenst of sale, wil be shortly ready, and may be had at alltheusutalinns inthe vicinity. at the place of saile o f J. Hart. Esel*. solicitor, and of lfr.Wsn. Thornton, landL agent,.suerveyor. and valuer. Iteizate. Reigstte.-Ireportant and Valuablo Fre-ehold-Es_tate, a~pproacing 70 amres Free from Land Tax. A most attractive Investment for ResideaucoorSfpeciilatireEnterprife, near totho Railway Stationl, at Red-hill. WLIA THORNTOX is instructted to INps.ubmlt to public COMiPETITION, at the Mlart, on2 Friday, August 29, the unsold and preferable portion of this very desirable properl. lyinulsritlhinarsugfence, andbeautiauIlyatuddedvith5imb-r, par -like in appeaxiince. and coDmmanding extensia-u and plrturesque views orer she Vale of Hoirardae, Gatton-garkcroods foyrming a promineatfenature ini the foreground. It is &fcult so overrate the imrpoctance of this fine estate, either for a public iustitutton or as a source o1 certain and most profitable binvestment; for anty bailding o c tions of mnagnitude. The proPertyis boundecln the west by the e2ath of LordMunson, and on thLe southibythe reeeatlypur-bsedan-w~ dentialestatesof p-orment Wilkinson, Req., and H. B. GIrxrey, Esq. The well-knovi aw n ytbarftoiti~~ab-oepleb The raslway, afewhundredyards&tant fesZiylocby Larso comimunication with all parts ofEngland,and the metroDolsisireached in 55 rasnutes, Superiorhbuilding atone underlies a CDosidernble portiona of theestate, and brick earth ndrad are also forerd. Thereis abe a farm-house.wIthvaiious agricultural bnuldings, garden, orchard, Ore. In addition to these advantages it maybea mentionedtlalt it is the only freehold estate of the same extent and troximity to the raIlway in the mnarket, and that thiedemrandforl%rid being greatly on thieincrease it is dallr rising invaiue and publloasdirratioea Store the property ivan first offeredibr sale, 35 scr.s have beondisposed of ; it-wi now be fBrst offeredin its entirety, and if a satisfactory price be not thtes obtained it wil be submitted in three lots. Full descriptive particulars. will shortly be issued, having conditionsof sa-le andlplanis alibexed,andthey Sa . GreyHoel,Tn'trdee-,Grwell rownaar, (Tunbno3e Gryhenudtnue ham;Crow . SoIenEaks ofMr Mocso,ar, Sr e-sreet 1, Minorsso in, oiio, Indreigate; o Harss DrmmL ns b PAU bIian, ahrend ill, land agent, sureyor, and auctoneer, Relgate 50. r-s-healey"isn-street, G Stcoceu. (Tad',EhoS ditY,) Middesex 1~~yW. T. AT (Owill SELLb UCIN bYAUon te aete aabv,the v1eryo Fvdalubl ArtIUiRfrdnig rwig In Ci-otave, is a'gan rorwoo cas, arussels an otheer cadrects,ra, fbour-puos r-aban,Trstesh,and iRonbrYedt;,steads beroo appeondage paintings anaTcVins RE eecto-iDa aLLndGcHinaservcs, ramtaut anl item, andhose eeping e Bsntin.Ctlg us ond.B lthe T.rANale atn athofIcnn,o ChastsSa,a, 8, TusdarysAugust 1, atln orlne-7n audi, 1IjTR.W.. ATWOODwilhlrnae f1 S feebAUt esl byde tbo Jjk he asiten rida, Ag. S stforp-, of.b the sat Knto the Exctosal irsteo lsrtbcyasltaofteIing'sboarbo beingu 1.bunfFrmusbulig,ooen-ilders5t~, Mar gaoredt's . wihaCrs ajiig h hothirdungam racdo PursuFreant for an trermo texpiing2th DCemb fChner, 8, mata ground an carrauseha Of M oessrv. Greghteo andSotnr8 Agl-out ct atth .Mr G rofM. T TLOAtwood autS E er any ILandTIOLr,Mat haPthm, Mant,-FreeholomBuldn,ing the city of . Iod, DAn , rdat the Mitre Inn,o CAusthr, ont Tuesdoy, Auguest19 at6ionl d inposeo byprvtecntr-ctJ eaeed ingly P Eligbl o lf t oLIN LrI)situeate o tce otdeha situae ofuthehitzroy- ciad llzedtonk-prkoein the contigosh soft Panpierall, witthecinta sort Midiestanc Doftigo theoatHa nrtaiwydevheralf n55eat andhrespetabledwI3fellong-hoesothalreed built~thepnspraniongo ianotheme teadihouetion 2fethi'bencaestyarlymuhi eeis ohenlndordthe a moera,then oustelay. Mayb viewetid uhnti othersle, Pritedpariclar, wthplaa my e otaied Sevnchlayspre ano the ale at he lac of le th pricIpl insbintheo nerrighbourhod of A, Rusel, E4 soicitr. arifrd;W. Wlto. FKler.3, solictor, Pusuant toanse Order o AherHigheCourst Jofhancemry,-madueinth causer of ehowll Fa-. ure,r and other ecs," to AT O wl SELL by AUCTION,ontePeassSon Hos. tpe row at12 t, Bautrtloe w-lane,e i the city ofad mondern HOnFriDay fether5tl bd aytofAugst, s atd 1edig 'clock y wungeep eiul adrsosed,o prsituaeonthesuhsd of Theer. lacbstrodsropen Eaventcw_,-aupar,'vin the parish of St Panma, dning amthear ty obMddesex,hgal narndn nroa the fhi eet l, te ooucher, et thim en weas, itecrlyi2ces let, a adThnatokrrh fiee;toeherwwnd ieuthus fievtoedbpicaaolo thereon.tesuc taleand bed catrcas, acehen6lduereass.boe e adelbirerctbfom h reehulde rt forl9er years afrw olme2shJuof b1o51, a piuespe--rcom mat, subnc plto certaincove-hu nants Frrd watrtcar b a nd -it howeriu at lyted,r Feller.kn39, clatto- garyden,soictrabl Mseans FateeholdorqaudL teouga. Olda Baroaid-sret Hoici Etors:, anhdey Sawradewo-heBraR.-PP.ce KTMaIdn-od Camden.L strte Cet, on-sreet, hp? trfrd nTurdy uzlq2, Osborne Hour ose am,UatperIAene-tBroaied, Sa. Jhn'-omp-Eclat L m odemx ±Ue,tiOuIsetald Furiturte,and othigeryeffets. fc fro SLm b TITONo the tonrfGraemriil sso 9 o,odhorneHose.l isuboe savnual eparoand, 65 aores-wofortTillSMe_ DAY,Agstur 2,land, To-npiadIS;row,a1.wthou reserve a t ghe walle ~ made l' mod lerntHate,RtOL FUR?IITISE cmprisigrmahog any Aorn6abi .an,ad6therbedstelds feathr bedpmattreslsand,ocu!bedding,emahogany eawingewrroe,mn pros hebat oLdas wers5, Crngs Fsarmt atd,oe bokcses aepr,o wrtn, o,crd,dnin andg ofL the tables,urmahotanyjandtroses-ofd chair,lsoa,noces cnd himsney glaso gil ornicies, poleAs,daceaon ten lionger,clina,gasds broom andelabe,rerashotrmteue Sonds oifelereo-st andcldewther ath,ese-weinthsoer attached,Lancledknife, cleanuing machene,lofugarden oller. Su periosIimhn euists. nlohrueu rilS.SMayBe viewdon Satreday, ecth,eoday at-he adorn. e Mt logofsl,Ctlge BLbyUtIObeha on the paremises;r of Mr.Jnkn, autiner.2, Southam intwon-tet Strand ofls zeil Edward,Gredor.Eo,, solic tor,15, uidrd-tet RE IHItGssllof ua pre;andu, o r theaucioneer lveresirfabgnlemEsate, Frehol or equa hsfthereto.e Gryeatr, arbiel balhfEaserl, and mstamplydsectorthdB upo m?anoLm treend , an: latd nthe PeearInBishesop'StAge Stetfrdy,o Thrsay, GAsenet 2, 1arth Cambore, s Gwinar n roatt-Gereat Brdeiol, an everne,inanath co-andyex Ornloteall 2estate sitateyz~O and yin ave orroduistanc fromnthe tofuwnrdsof Gea .10arefed coreumhh als gwoo homices in Asubstantislrbepaorndg65lacesofric eamsobL,'e0and patuelad,ocsle'ebydN embC.ein aunlDecmer, an ia ruet -hic w.lly axpnr Lat LifeAausiese Soiety,wRoththeborm.atdegh a ster,avIal.ndble alualetae bitouate andlyiongfbytheyroadide,crlierising deathom theallsd 6 erlsoe gooh coblonfn atureland,occupiteSbyfMr.me . Lnedch urntder uan agemnt to lditiohoas4enas,b153 d.rumpsyPr,sinat,thSsbrdworth,antibm ex-io Aarabt ;and pasture land,alocnnsled bye M,r.Bennt as yearly theioenat. ofMssrs.ateloEY.an Cteele son,slicit-r,Inor~-s, in-iceed, ado theaucth utioneers, 1 Thagxted. ora Conwl-Ren Chrg of£0 I eI nnmduigh jon lie or a C-e sMtwery, es,vc and 1 Inn,> Pabli -bou3; es, amEl B3ehoase; belonging thereto.situate at-Brighton, Later,and elatwOlere,1lte the roperty of Mr. Frederics langfora, deealsed, in separate lot3. Ic. RICHARD tIOSS (the person appointed for ITA that urposel will SF:LL by AUCTION, porsuant to an Order of the Hig Court Of Chancery. madeinthecause of "Langforlv. Selmes," asnth the approbation of the Judge to whoso Court the said cause is attbched, at the White Hart Hotel, at Lewns, on Wednesday, SentemberlO, at I for 2Precisely, in 27 eparats lots, the following PREMISES, ituate within the Caste, at Lwesw nawely *-The Caste Brewery5 with a residence, storehouses, yards, gardens, stablfug_ tenemena manda nely-builtmat-bho seadjotuing, construcled Ipn thesostsimDroredsystem.andhavngsa cisterntosteep 40quarters' slEo 17 Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasebold Inng, Public-houses, ad Beer-houses, aituate in vaxioas pants of the counties of Suscex and Hent, including the King'sArns Plublic-bomse at Lewes: the Grape Vine and the Bird-in-hand beershone, both In lewes, the King's Head publio-housh, with property adjoidang, at Southoer, close to Lowes; the Rarinbow -pblic-house, at Cook's-bridge, near Lewes ,a beershop at Timner-corner, Waldron, known as the Welcome Stranser. with 11 acres of land attached; , cottage ea Hadlow-fown. the Bal public houae at lurwash; theKlght Bells public-home at Hawkhius. Exent - theRoyal-Oak Inn, at Hawkhurat lwith land adjointg;:tae Star Inn at Battle, with sboxt sue sores of land, calledt&oNew Yee- th Cr poration-Arms Inn ad Westham, being thl evenseySation Hotl, on the Soeth-Coast Railway. Also the aixfollovin gpnbie-ho.s, all iaBrighton-the Hae and Houdst, the Foundm ame, theCrown theWelingtonArm andthe Georgethe oortir with Pr. pertyadjoining. Thie feregoto; are al old hoensedhouscs, wllset andplacedinprominentcituatona comnsndlnggoodses.jre iesent lettoihlypectble tenants but asagemantg here been made whereby the Teaders ll beenabledto.gveoeion ot i $reater pottion to such rbcs as marequieit, ther et cmg an unusally favoabe opportunity to persons Pan g for their own occupation, thPraetert of the properties be da rabltcalculated forthI pe. hly be viewedbyDeraiencui]; verpettivy tenants, and Pained inaarand editions of mle had at the eereral bouses; at the principal inns at Brihton, Hastin M,idstone, Teabi-dg -els; 01 Her Hoper, Greene, id EalM ,eawes; and in Londo3, of- Meeeas, Reed, Langterd aDa 59, Friday-street, Cheapi; Bewuder,r E a Strjd' and 01 Mr; Richard )!e,1,Kn 3MESSRS. OXENHAMC beg. it.Q 'nottyt th atom1' PRLI)PEBTY has been wtdan u hS&Eo h remailning Portion of tIre=pr atyaI fHo waw mAzlertlsemereut.-A.uron o5m, &ifi 3..r LogLeaieholdi, mir oiOa,j ~ OXXNHAM ISEL~L1IyAuOTr ff1 a the art..To-morrow 4odraesday), August the 13&b,atl oetlock, a desi-able LEA69HOLRM ATY, consisting ofth-f. lowing newly-exected Houis. Hes.I, 2,3 arid 4. St. Annyor Q,ieni-~roa, fav.erstock-bilI; 3212. l, 14, vmd 15, Weliil, WNeMnQto_road, HolkraWy. 1, i, 3, and 4, U relucnrs.OSO doniar-road; aud a, reehold House, ArchW ay-cod, n bil IGr atavern,but easily osuterte=d ic' aeredn. joto of the above wre let to bii,bly iceabt tenanlt, se_r~ the otri,a bind; estimated in tbe wbole- to produoZeU1% rN"inouM;hcMdf an unexpired term of upwArds of 9D yrazsat -Tery trifling gromnz rent.. TIes h4se mrdaybeV1l% yiewd, yavoe-rd, tA te`rev-ut, ItcnS pju- t~-uovoodre sale. ud excediglyd,s .Arzt-clars ha cat-h at O e, Bird dSon, solc _s 1otn-zabc,Graatr, r&uatued ,Irt cmure the Mlea. ±on eisUrea tAugaust, roietrr12 ftr4 Old ex clut, ingty;o ea r, wlohberyegats hatid ull, aurlebedd,It, HoIsotpletetw aredrab-aquarbe; -topad Mesas wxnash'rids.llir_ , wai,Otbsq. dreiuroo=zuiatheon. =dVdchlne n lotbe mo.v 4.ool O ofa Vlls Ornaceod AMahogany el, SI. Jobnered -TheoD exsiednldinen at ir- tirnztable, lirLr, chai~r.r and Ox kod-theretna, on the lutreda uut4.att on h Anllyrgatdsse laUhf aptl seemid-linszsdFamtured aln(deo tluibgomurted wlthvesp eolfuegndv, ant hanonte,se bedin crmdwetd. twionwadrb, mArble-top, and 0ther eminentaudms.es,. sal Serices-tof 'latsingrdn nle ofAchintr,lingedR chdfonier andionetble,a gj dayexate pcalz pianforte.2 punctuely-s, a ugr2emalsgey c air c-oveDnl. hand oceo,Idebaasdincuing Atable.iting tur't lrard chir.n bdtads and with ledding edmolethe Werdroesdras aeceet rsovungtof sl~o, an etialo, lrCd. -alsotatres-e.roeo, axnb ah~ofoegan ALarge panortseibyaao caia ernnd-handmiarnrlre spldd ntofabuensi em,o tabore Oriln for four windorwseem terEt, ianofoervies by plrateand. Piantsclend linend Artica, Flinw, adomi requsnex's eldf umee. df= 3at hi Itoaewed on3 Oxforzd-streetuxer the, Palnthen and Pea. Lieand OtN I Rvrionr ntcudin Abin paurtno t adiebso andwhanGiangs, wt beddin ocomply ofwhaulroie, dwi itn effchs My h vewe o Thrsay ndMortin Torof a lyadct., logees bad.weld tDa L%if and O eerinayIntEreLt, part ofthe FarehToldoBrtas, o Anewb 13 rante S2, aont ofA ELDura,b erdcr oyfoMr62ayears. being N ros. N bots to Ln inwfac. rma threr-oadlin ghod trepar rartaca. sATof theabxnavoli PorOPBIew laPwOSl-coutanEdofothe au tiome-.-3St. Xatln7-plaoe, Trafaigar-sQuare. Compactltl evralon Fre IHouses,t.ings-oal h'tham 1I41R SETER, OAD. thl SELLvt by U-InON,e .Laug the Mart, 1on ohrsne lotmt4,a ns12, theltESAB.OfFLr~ sisLaugro neagtl niboues and al T4alet toogood buard.nglud tenuate.Parl tlerla-sree .at thbs Mart; and of the auctioueer, Z,St. Maulry.'-pa 1realgbl eShuboLd th'reetons o nalsm,aCes at~fR the O Va lSEL t h tIronomorw Chelsa eshl o 2yas aticulars of F.10 Clem s,Bq3 firelds;hand the acine,3StMrtinspae, Matsn la sus 'Ieboia aOXd wisehll SELL, At the Mart,-Abo-morrow.-B _WAn. PET, at 12,R LASEHOLD PSOELL, foursd62 Aetrr hetn atboo. ptr 14 Lnum; sDownoules, Ni 0 n Great Doerrod,ingolkei. Pareticlr Bof uM r.oduion, sepeitr,amn ?leBowsl-olr.ad ofrems auo. Aine.3 Emstet. artIEn'-olare, Trafala-snn-uar.prdcn 7 SmUFreehodBvmno Inere w-bslts Sale N ESSF BROA.wiliSE l by ELLTIby AUCtThON.st, on Maursdy onugenets4.aty~ 'uo Au" 0,Lt iT FREVESOL t TWO-SIX IaTHS of aS10 amIEHOI ES22& DS. con.m relaigo meight upoon Eaend ausablen ploofbe ilin teraeand, siUnderwat "eto, Muxdolsteet, Mlilhe-snoNw-toradcn £1rt3pers tom 'but had lef unesris. roia Pa-aloe. PSotenllas ofi tm essrs.mWaouon and Beas, on vesireet: at the MArt; ond of the auctioneer, 12, Peitrpy.~ ihot tientOSares in the ThoA aameinton-glass Conn.-J~ SEdaley Ore fth xctoso helt .IdI.unvey.tmenta PETER BROA a ill K SELLi by ASELLON5 UCTIXona thurday. Aedg.s1a, in tre loa 1.in oftire share nech FiFTEEand Raid-npay 1 tSUon ARb ion = 1 the TH wMES PLraT gLaSSnl'a COMADe, which haepaid bedifoidend ofneaprlyd percenft. Pearlictla goundMrmtacwood solc tor,e1. Clurnctbr'lclaue s LoibasadtreeT.rhr thgell Eham na. selctr 1 aU-ient; at theMr;oreMhaurt ;onde Ireehel and Lteasehol iavarosltes,- the Mart.-CAboLtE Sale.ByF darly iono the monhe cutobrs ofth wlat de ?.r.Alexande beadien. Ve~ALUBs I reod adsahopprt,sint atmo OaaifeehOald bnes ao Lyc, Georg coayUetSdge Bafle£om Wpernombatw Tmuhleyose, Nov.idg landi th, GAraveloB-laey, South -arkd, producing w"ithteranuabi. tmubevregrodbperineon, of thn tenants. Paurtiar ofbDessls Ponwtetll, Tfhosptoou and Grnme altorc eitors 1, Ra-roudts-Bniuare, Gray's-iran, o; at te Mart Tderfth and ioner-, 25f . Joul-try.,Bfodrw adn;Mss ei,Iod mdSmre,6 all n Freehol fdi G Garunn naet.-llead Ie-oary r. Ewt I 5tbel5oh1or1 tou Mes MuWan iYSLT Dauiney SEcL Ckby s UiitMC1irenestr;at theMarctionWedesdofi Gay ugst 2n, London welscue wpo eentyboorth Sin ofer terrace nd ndrwod stee, uxonsret.Mie-ndNw-town PSELiLa by beUhadON, Occupatinon.o,bmad tte rd ~4XSRS. EWONd ESL will SELL byPbl AC sitat an bingNo 3 aRoom i4, M Aldesyprs, at:-prond-oa, nea=rrw tIre ~~~KingadRalaStto,ec cRDonlainingl Buroo,w.th largt gordn; 1t at£10 er anumeahgmxeldfrans unexprired termof Pai y~'-'~tagrondrrutf bGDach audse,oFxrthe pairtuarsmyoeEP hodof . Agel, Pl,.solcior, 41,iWtuasrest, atdotherefMcart Man of the ancttoneersf 12o Li1hopaeete-s4reetlwithott, To Cannen, Bailda arers. mid othbrs..TThrenie SowerflC-tart e oroe a strong te el-b iWaon. itbntbo Cat,sid rnss 'Th1~RO.FI1LS wll EL byd Cio. O atl SEL b .Aoust4. Il fo I,th abve,Ma bevieedat theo 1 sabe pAwany thus,and ataloues ad atthe uctio Offcers,i WarwA-ick-court.' To lreold,yprsun o aOde unr o idghourtls 0Z11Caney,ru thebwilHonorfh Mxte Joh Drmthr e ollenawcus tof Stork byvUC TIONa. and onotbttersi vaoriou lote, bymMri. CwdIIAI P~Mnay URSER ea,Rly in the mponthof OctoEr,o MbIETh dor alothtFREHOLDPIven, ALUTABLE t'goforelehod LandmshadPoperty c.sJitutea1te Clec-oat t*fig,Cbridge-wLy nch,Toiins a thedge.attl0feXembe Wutrcosus,madunIer,an licartideesu dlt inthe ssh of Saloey, near heoisey Church beortgage bons onthtll of tbma he Stlod and. soalcford rfoad untSvaluable fre-ehosdrettdenoacirelinotr,ainth2owon;tt of G)loneastler.Priuasand fbe-canderitios f tl rsybe a. nasot Twimkebat theOficdsdl essrs. CPairbo Dewane,md hubbtatiplainutif' sell. dtcheors, 1ehouth-squareg, Cravsinn,Leond on; eicre. Psindler and- an Sret,6 Iaren'WhildiSELL G'by'sin LTo-ndo;r Edwine Withei, oliitr, trnd Muesdry. Aulcgus. Daubeey aund Chrviuhb seliitos, Crenes tre aity)eaucT2neRs offmoces, Gay'-inn,t Londn and aihe pincipl nninthfan-ichourtsooid ', ntO er To-morrw. An~st 13.At 1 lax pecislya v;eerylabrge a.svor7 ment of Frnch nake abot 20masblmid latechimey percos. andanumrrf sale,when catlogues mysbebhad 143. Ad~te-treet---P est-e hootr ho.anda Latheron Taide 33ook. t.JHSNwilSL ydulcAC T%elTIOIW, Sathiseroos,L143,rals adelerate-Atceet. T-morrow August13. oti.d thm te STO einTReAdE tofethr. Bohthrrowc, ofI'. ftaied-sreat. BAxon.and Othe cosinmn ua ts,eoarsig3, pi men PAGoen', wcidrn'SEL booy,n shoeC,ION pairstu slip- em, a stockLa ofneater pbiation-shopfixurc es, andOthereffct. prayes vee,and caalgu "a o f rus theffautioriynlueer,103,iexrat, T)os%foCarme,Buitders, and nothce pper genuin Sto-ntaeo ir B. idlr. eliquihinite. hus tbinLo ,eLmior~~anlr fhourobes, thre rubbIsh0 carts, tlodeenpyuboDeas tboxfurwenuel vans.haeful Jacyarpes, taawolOID9s Prts. s.sers,conand ornig o sal, Cts ouon &.T the viewIes. 1CaItnalogesra Weatouro-gave mi 35,NewChuch-tret.lermwst,mrkct TImObu.Linon otza te Gor sigeH.-otel,1Tabrido-wll, fondiay.tzaurusl 25. attor4prcls oryO'EdoBiTYoalhtltEODPI PET? cnsstnghoroelin.hnss,shpS fc- SitaELnL by Cslvego.red,Tmhride-w~ nunowinthe ccupt ion of Memurk. Mace, ±'gn, nd ther. Paticlarsand ondiion of aleIayb bad ne wek bfor thesale ofThoms Whatis, Bat-,soliito. ThitEvening, at? 7reCIsel caOlalmem Household Faruiture -Wal MfESSRS. W. au * witou B N &M iWM SELL -by SW CIOa_at7eil Precms, 19.Maryiebaue-street, Golden.- Tqae THS N M'UMG, atnIeisy OUSEHOLD FUNIO I TOE comprI ig maboanyA,eraoi andi other bedsteads, leather beds, mzttremes ardbedding_jlea cardgnoddinlng tsbles Irge guises, chis sfs couches, table and bed linen, window curtains, kitohen reusts,&. idthot reserve. 'On-view and catalogu'ss lobehid.' GTHI DAY ad ai olwngdy.c 12 ecah day.-lly SOUTH' GATE and BARRRPp, on the P ersi, 98 rccnc-ateet' hImrnderof the Executor o Mx. R. C'ambre, br ENGRAVINGS, by-all t7he 'elebrmated artiAst, Mufy bevee.and catalogues hadI. THSDAY, andI -i following aslays,. ui 12eah day.-By SOUTH1GKISanf~md BAtREIP, on the pm=caises 90. Greebcurch,gtreeti' by order of the Rxecsstorat ZfM. PC C. Iamse YjUSTRATBDI) oolcs and Weter-colourP -Dyaw-. iogs, May he viewedj and catalogues bed. - At Booth's Warehouse, 21, Budgerow, on Thursday. August 14, all IRTYP new anva Itik-olths,50 watey.-
