DEATHS. On the 6th ult. at Pemambuco, of yellow fever, aged 21, Francis, youngest son of W . IRoss, Zsa.. late of LiverpooL On the 6th inst.. at Berne, suddenly, Louisa Georgisna. the beloved wife of Sir J. William, Hort, of Huortand House, county of IKildare Baronet, and daughter of the late Sir Jehn Caldwell, of CastleCald wel, county Fermanagh, Baronet. On the Sth inst., Major-Gcneral James Campbell, late of the Slt Regt. Light Infantry, aged 75. On the lth inst., at Brighton, Mary, the wife of Horatio A. P. Perkints F., m the 54th year of her age. On the t'a inst.. at No. 8,Stoke Newiegton-green. Mary Ann, sister of the lateTobLnaaM.jUchell, Esq., of the Bal's-pond-road. On Ilth inst., at 27, Cambridge-street, Pimlico, of consumption, Louis Key, aged 22. On the I7th inst4, at lindsor, Ann, widow of MLr. Edward James Lutwyche, filth and youngest dughter of the late Geo. Faion, Zaq., of Hampsptead. On the ISth inst., at his residence on Clapham-comnon, Benjamin Harrien, Ezq., in the 85th year of his age. On the 19th inst.. at 30, rue du Faubourg St. Honore, Paris, Margaret Denholm, eldest daughter of S. Hi. haySomer7ille, BZe., of Broaduield, Itenfrewshire, K.B. On the ISth inst., at 3. Edward-terrace, Camden-read, Holloway, Mlr. Thnosas Bunting, formerly of Bedford, aged 66. On the 19th iLst.. Caroline, relict of the late Henry Boys, of Dorsetstreet, Pastman--quare. On the 19th inst., at Gothic Villa, Reading, Ann, the wile of Mr. Frederick Cov,Asade. _On the 19th irnst., at 2, Csmbridge Villas, CJneltenham, Mfary Georgi, wi fe of Calonel Stirling Freeman loser, and daugheri ho Genea the Etight Hun. Lord Charles Henry Somerset.7gro On the 19th inst., at FrgmaL, Hsampbtend, Margaret. wife of Edward datson, Zsg. and youngest daughter of the late John Barugh. Zag. efItnswic:, Bedale. On the 20th inst., at Anseshury, Wilts, Joseph Pmrnell, Es,., aged S3. On the 20th inst., at Stoke lWewilngton., Mfrs. Adeliea T'ac'kle, in her On the 20th inst., at Aaddicombe. near Croydon, Caroline An, third dlaughter of Mr. B. J. Leeds, deeply lamented, anged 12 years. On the 20th inst.. at 35, Carltin-hill, St. John's-wood, Margaret, -widow of Francis I.eyzeli, igq., late of Broad-street, Bloomsbury, aged 79. On the 20th inst.. at 46, St. George's-road, Andrew Brymer, the eldest ron of Brymer and Clara Catharine Belecher, aged 3 years. On the 20th int., at her residence, 10, Hertford-street, Mayfair, M}rs Dent, widow of the late John Dent, Beg., MY.P On the 20th inst., Jessie, the wife of Daniel McAlpin, of Balhamhill, and 63, Bread-street, Cheapside. aged 73. On the 20th inzt., at 'Upper Tooting, london. sincerely regretted. Katherine, the beloved wife of R. Brandt, EZs., of the firm of If Mars andBrandt, n her 23d year. Onthe 20th inst., at Heath Lodge. Croydon, Frederick, youngest son of John Morland, aged nearly 16 years. On Tuesday morming, the 20th inst., at Spring-hill, Cowes, Beatrix, second surviving daughter of the late George Shedden, Lag.
THE ALLEGED POISONINGS AT RUGELEY. TRIAL OF W. PALMER. CENTAL CRIMINAL COURT, AAY 21. The court was even more crowded this morning than it as been since the commencement of the trial. By 9 o'lock everyavaihble seat was occupied, and a great number oE personswaited in the passages leading to the various entrances during the whole day w.ithlout being able to obtain dmission. Among the distingusished persons who were present we noticed the Lord Chief Baron, the Earl of Denbigh, Lord G. Lennox, 3Mr. Monckton Milnes, 31r. L. Gower, Mr. G. 0. Eiggins, Mr. Forster, and several other members of the HIouse of Commons. The learned Judges, Lord Campbell, Mr. Baron Alderson, and Mr. Jusuce Cresswell, entered the court at about 10 oeclock, accompanied by the Sheriffs, Sir R. W. Carden, and other Aldermen. Theprisoner was immediately placed at the bar. He listened with great attention to the address of his learned counsel, and maintained the s.ane calmness and self-possession that he has exhibited since the first day of the proceedings. Counsel for the Crowyn-the Attorney-General, Air. E. James, Q.C., Mr. Welsby, Mr. Bodkin, and Mr. Huddle. ston; for the prisoner-Mr. Serjeant Shee, Mr. Grove, Q.C., Mr. Gray, and Mr. Kenealy. Charles Weatherby, examined by Mr. WELSsT', said,On the 21st of November I received a letter from Palmer, enclosing a check for 350?. I produce that letter:- " Rugeley, Nov. 20, 1I55. " Gentlemen,-I will thank you to send me a check for the armount of the enclosed order. Mr. Cook has been confined here to his bed for the last three days with a bilious 4stiack, which has prevented him from being in town. Yours respectfuUy, " WM. PALMER." On the morning of the 23d I received another letter from hlm, which Ialso produce. [In this letter Palmer requested 3tessrs. Weatherby to send a check for 75t. to Mr. Pratt, and a check for 100?. to Mr. Earwaker, and deduct the same from Cook's draught.] On the 23d I sent a letter to Palmer, of which I produce a copy - "Nov. 23, 1855 "Sir,-We return Mr. Cookes check, not havig funds enou'h to meet it. When Mfr. Frail caUed to-day to settle the Sitrewasbory Stake account, he informed us that he had paid Mr. Cook his wianings there. We could not comply 'with your request as to paying part of the money even if wo had had sufflcient in hand to pay the sums yoa mention, which wre have not. Be so good as to acknowledge the receipt of the check." On the 24th the following notice, signed by Palmer, was left at my office;- "Nov. 24 1855. "Gentlemen,-I hereby request you 'will not part with any moneys in your hands, or which may come into your hands, on account of John Parsons Cook, to any person until paymnent by you to me or my order of the check or drau,,ht in my favor, given by the said John Parsons Cook for the sum of 350?., sent to you bv me, and acknowledged in your letter received by me at Itugeley on Wednesday morning, the 20th of this month of November, "Yours, &tc., " WML PALMER. "MEessrs. Weatherby, 6, Old Burlington-street." On the 23d I had sent a letter to Cook at Rugeley, which was subsequently returned to me through the dead-letter Soffice. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant SIIEE.-The check for 350?. was, as far as I recollect, signed by Cook. The ATrORNEY-GE-,R%L.-W&s it signed J. P. Cook, -or J. Parsons Coo'-I did not observe. By Lord C-sPBELL.-I observed that the body of the 'check was not in Cook's handwriting, but that the signature was. Mr. Serjeant SHEx.-When that check of Cook's was pre. sented, you had not funds in hand to meet it ?-No. Were funds afterswards sent up by Mr. Frail, the clerk of the course at Shrewibury I-They were to have been, but 'were not eventuaLy. In the ordinary course of things ought they to have been in your hands on the day you received the check ?-I can't positively say. Clerks of the course pay at different times. But Cook might reasonably have supposed that they would be in hand, as it was then a week after he had won the race. I informed Palmer when I did not pay his check 'Of my reason for not doing so. Mr. F. Butler, examined by the ATTonNEy-GLN-FsuL.- I attend races, and bet. I was at Shrewasbury races, and badan an account to settle with Palmer. I had to receive 7(X. odd from him in respect of bets made at the Liverpool races. I had no money to receive in respect of the Shrewabury races. I endeavoured to get my moneyat Shrewsbury, and I got 401. I asked him for money several times, and he said he had none, but had some to receive. He did not say how much. He gave me a check for 2501. upon the Xugeley bank, which was not paid. I knew Cook's horse Polestar. After she had won the race at Shrewsbury she was worth about 700?. She was worth more after than before she won. Cross-examined by Mr. GRoN-E.-I won 2101. on Polestar Ior Palmer, and kept it on account. Mr. Stevens proved that Polestar was sold at Tattersall's en the 10th of March by anction, and fetched 720 :uineas& The ATroRNY-GENE&u.-That is the case for the prosecution. THIE DEFENCE. MEr. Serjeant Sscun then rose to open the defence. He ,mid,-In rising to perform the task which it now becomes my duty to discharge, I feel, gentlemen of the jury, an almost overwhelming sense of responsibility. Once only has it before fallen to my lot to defend a feLlow-creature charged with a capital offence. You can well understandthat to take a leading part in a trial of this kind is sufficient to -disturb the calmest temper and try the clearest judgment, even if the effort only last for one day. But how-much more trying is itto stand for six long days under the shade, as it were, of the scaffold, conscious that the least error in judgment may consign my client to an ignominious death -and public indignation ! It is useless for me to conceal that which all your endeavours to keep your minds free from prejudice cannot wholly efface from your recolleetion. You perfectly well knowr that for six long months, under the uanction and upon the authority of science, an opinion hls almost universally prevailed that the blood of John Parsons Cook has risen from the ground to bear writness against the prisoner; you know that a conviction of the guflt of the prisoner has impressed itself upon the whole population, and that by the whole population has been raised, in a delirium of horror and indignation, the cry of blood for blood. You 'cannot have entered upon the discharge of your duty'which, as I have well observed, you have most con. scientiou,ly endeavoured to perform-without, to a great extent, sharing in that conviction. Before you know that you would have to sit in that box to pass judgment between the prisoner and the Crown you might -with perfect propriety, after reading the evidence taken before the coroner's jury, have formed an opinion with regard to the guilt or innocence of the prisoner. The v3ry circumstances under which we meet in this place are of a character to excite in me mingled feelings of encouragement and alarm. Those whose duty it is to watch o0vOr the safety of the Queen's subjects felt so much apprehension lest the course of justice should be disturbed by the popular prejudice which had been excited against the prisoner-they were so much alarmed that an unjust verdict might, in the midst of that prejudice, be passed against him, that an extraordinary measure of precaution was taken, not only by Her Majest's Government, but also by the Legislature. An act of Parliament, whichl originated in that branch of the Logislatum to which the noble and learned Lord who presides here belongs, and was sanctioned by him, was passed to prevent the possibility of an injustice being done. through an adherence to the ordinary forms of law in the case of William Palmer. The Crown, also, under the advice of its responsible Ministers, resolved that this prosecution should not be left in private hands, but that its own law officer, my learned friend the Attorney-General, should take upon himself the responsibility of conducting it. And my learned friend, when that duty was intrusted to him, did what I must say will for ever redound to his honour-he resolved that in a case in which so much prejudice had been excited all the evidence which it was intended to press against the prisoner should, as soon as he received it, be communicated to the prisoner's counseL I must therefore tell my unhappy client that everything which the constituted authorities of the land-everything which the Legislature andthe law officers of the Crown could do to secure a fair and impartial trial has been done, and that if unhappily an iniustice should on either side be committed the whole responsibility will rest upon my Lords and upon the jury. A meot able man was selected by the prisoner as his coansei not many weeks ago, but, unfortunately, was prevented by illness from discharging that office. I have endeavoured to the best of my ability to supply his place; but I cannot deny that I labour under a deep feeling of responsibility, although the national effort, so to speak, which has been made to insure a fair trial is a great cause of enconragement to me. I am moved by the task that is before me, but I am not dismayed. I have this further cause for not being altogether overcome in discussing the mass of evidence which has been laid before you. When the papers in the case came into my hands I had formed no opinion as to the guilt or ianocence of the prisoner. My mind was perfectly free to form what I trust will prove to be a right judgment upon the case, and-I say it in all sincerity-having read these rapers, I commenced his defence with an entire con. viction of his innocence. I believe that truer words were never pronounced than the words he uttered when hesaid " Not Guilty" to this charge, and if I fail in establishing his innocence to your satisfaction I shall have very great misgivings that my failure is attributable only to my own inability to do justice to his case, and not to any weakness in the case itself. I will prove to you the sincerity with which I declare my conviction of the prisoner's innocence by meeting the case for the prosecution foot to foot, and grappling with every difficulty, which has been suggested by my learned friend. You will see that I shall avoid no point which has been raised. I will deal fairly with you, and I knrow that I shall have your patient attention to an address which must, I fear, unavoidably be a long one, but in which no observation wil be introduced which does not necessarily and properly belong to the case. The proposition which my learned friend undertakes to establish entirely by circumstantial evidence may be shortly stated. It is that the prisoner, having in the second week in Novembermadeuphismindthatitwashisinterest to get ridofJohn Parsons Cook, deliberatelypreparedhis body forthe reception of a deadly poison by the slower poison of antimony, and that he afterwards despatched him by the deadly poison of strychnine. Now, no jury wiU convict a man of the crime thus charged unless it be made clear, in the first place, that he had some motive for its commission,-some strong reason for desiring the death of the deceased; in the second place, that the symptoms before death and the appearances of the body after death are consistent -with the theory that he died by poison; and, in the third place, that they are inconsistent with the theory that death proceeded from natural causes. Under these three heads Ishall discuss the vast mass of evidence which has been laid before you, and I must, by adhering to that order, exhaust the whole subject, and leave myself no chance of evading any difficulty without immediate detection. Before, however, I proceed to grapple in these close quarters with the case for the Crown, allow me to restore to its proper place in the discussion a fact whichalthough it was by no means concealed by my learned friend in that address by which he at once seized upon your judgments, appeared to me to be thrown too much into the shade-the fact, I mean, that strychnine was not found in the body of the unfortunate deceased. If he died of the poison of strychnine-if he died within a few hours or within a quarter of an hour or 20 minutes of the administration of a strong dose-if the post morte2a examination took place within six days of the death, there is not the least reason to suppose that between the time of the injec. tion of the poison and the paroxysms of death there was any dilution of it, or any ejection of it by vomiting. Never, therefore, unless chymical analysis is altogether a failure in the detection of strychnine, were circumstances more favourable for its discovery. But, beyond all question, strychnine was not found. Whatever we may think of the judgment and experience of Dr. Taylor, we have no reason to doubt that he is a very skilful chymist; we have no reason to believe-in fact, we klow to the contrary-that he and Dr. Rees did not do all that the science of chymical aualysis could enable men to do to detect the poison, They had a distinct intimation from the executor and near relative of the deceased that he, for some cause or another, had reason to suspectthat poison had been administered. They undertook an analysis of the stomach, which (without now going into details upon that point) was not on the whole in an unfavourable condition, with a firm expectation that if it was there it would e found, and 'ithout any doubt as to the efficiency of, their tests. Then, in December, they say- We do not find strychnine, prsic acid, or any trace of opium. From the contents having been drained away" (not drained out of the jar, you know) " I it is now impossible to say whether any strychnine had or had not been given just cefore death, but it is quite possible for tartar emetic to destroy life if given in repeated doses; and, so far as we can at present form an opinion, in the absence of any natural cause of death, the deceased may have died from the effects of antimony in this or some other form." But they afterwards attended the inquest, and having heard the evidence of Mills, of Mr. Jones, of Lutterworth, and of Roberts (who spoke to the purchase of strychnine onthe morning of thedeath), they came to the conclusion that the pills admin stered to Cook on the Monday and the Tuesday night contained strychnine. Dr. Taylor came to that conclusion, notwvithstanding his written opinion that Cook might have been poisoned by antimony, and notwithstanding the fact that no trace of strychnine was found in the body. I call your attention now to this circumstance inorder to claim for it itsproper place in the discussion. The gentlemen vhohave come tothe conclusionthat strychninemayhave been in the body, althoughit was not found, have arrivedat that conclusion from experiments of a very partial kind indeed; they contend that when strychnine has once done its fatal work and become absorbed into the system it ceases to be the thing it was when taken into the system; it becomes decomposed, its elements are separated from each other, and therefore are no longer capable of responding to the tests which would certainly detect its presence if undecomposed. That is their case. They account for its not being found, and for their belief that it destroyed Cook, by that hypothesis. Now, it is only an hypothesis. No authority for it can be drawn from experiments, and it is supported by the opinion of no eminent toxicologists but themselves. It is only fair to them, and to Dr. Taylor in particular, to say that Dr. Taylor does propound that theory in his book. It is, however, only a theory of his own; he does not sup. port it by the authority of any distinguished toxicologist, and when we recollect that his knowledge of the matter-good, humane man !-consists in having poisoned five rabbits 25 years ago, and five others since this question was raised, it cannot have much weight. But I will call before you a number of gentlemen of high eminence in their profession as analytical chymists, who will state their utter renunciation of that theory. I will call Dr. Nunneley, a felow of the Royal College of Surgeons and a professor of chymistry, who attended the case at Leeds, which has been described to you, and Dr. Williams, professor of materia medica at the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland, for 18 years surgeon to the City of Dublin Hospital. Dr. Letheby, one of the ablest and most distinguished men of science in this great city, professor of chymistry and toxicology in the Medical College of the :ondon Hospital, and medical officer of the city of London, will tell you that he rejects the theory as aheresy unworthythe belef of scientific men. Dr. Nicholas Parker, of the College of Physicians of London, and professor of medicine Dr. Robinson, of the College of Physicians, and Mr. Rogers, professor of chymistry, concur with Dr. Letheby. lastly, I will call Mr. Wiliam Herapath, of Bristol, probably the most eminent chymical analyst in this country, who also utterly rejects the theory. ALl of those gentlemen contend that if not only half a grain of strychnine, but even 1-50th part or less has once entered into the human frame, it can and must be discovered by the tests known to chymists. They will tell you this, not as the result of a few experiments, for ever regretted, upon five rabbits, but from a large experience as to the operation of the poison apon the inferior animals, created, as you know, for the benefit of mankind, and many of them from their experience as to its effects upon the human system. I will satisfy you from their evidence that if you admit the correctness of the tests which were used, the only safe conclusion at which you can arrive is that, strychnine not having been found in the body, it could never have been there. They all agree, too, that no degree of putrefaction or fermentation in the human system could so decompose strychnine that it should no longer possess those qualities which cause it, in its undecomposed state to respond to chymical tests. I will now apply myself to a question which, in my judgment, is of equal, if not of greater importance-the question whether in the-second week of November, 1855, the prisoner had a motive for the commission ef this murder a strong reason for desiring that Cook should die. I never will believe that, unless it were made clear that it was hii interest to destroy Cook, you would come to the conclusion that he bad committed such a crime. It seems to me abundantly clear upon the evidence that not only was it not the interest of Palmer that Cook should die, but that the death of Cook was the very worst calamity that could befall him, and that lie could not possibly be ignorant that it would be followed by his own ruin. That it was followed by his immediate ruin we know. We know that at the time when it is said he commenced to plot Cook's death he was in a condition of the greatest embarrassment-ant embarrassment which in its extreme intensity had come upon him but recently-an embarrassment, too, in some degree mitigated by the circumstance that the acceptanoes he is said to have forged 'were those of his mother-a lady of large fortune living in the town. My learned friend's hypothesis is, that not until he was in a state of the greatest embarrassment did he wish to destroy Cook. My learned friend stated to you " That, being in desperate circumstances, with ruin, disgrace, and punish. ment staring him in the face, which could only be averted by means of money, he took advantage of hisintimacywith Cook, when Cook had become the winner of a considerable sum, to destroy him, in order to obtain possession of his money." Let us test this theory. Lot us relieve our minds for a moment from the anxiety we must always feel wvhen the life of a fellow-creature is at stake, and, looking at it as a mere matter of business, let us ask ourselves whether in the second week in November Palmer had any motive to commit this crime. When a long c orregpondence is read to a jury, who are without the same means of testing its importance as the Judge or the counsel, they frequently do not attach that weight to it which it deserves. But I watched the correspondence which was read to you yesterday with an anxiety which no words can express, because I firmly believed that in it the innocence of the prisoner lay con cealed; that it proved not only that the prisoner had no motive to kill Cook, but that Cook's death was ruin to him. Allow me to call your attention to the relation in which these men stood to each other. They bad been intimate as racing friends for two or three years; they had had many transactions together; they werejointlyinterested in atleast one racehorse, Pyrrhine; they generally stayed at the same hotels; they were seen together upon almost all the race' courses in the kingdom; they were known to be connected in adventures upon the same horses at the sume races; and although. Cook being dead, the mouth of the prisoner being sealed, and transactions of this kind not being recorded in regular books, it is impossible to give you positive evidence as to their relations to one another, it is abundantly clear that they were veryclosely connected. In August, 1855, money was wanted either by Cook orPalmer, and Palmer applied to Pratt for it. He seems to have wanted 200I., to make up a larger sum, having already 1901. in Pratt's hands; and he offered as security for the advance his friend Mr. Cook, whom he described as a gentleman of respectability and substance. We do not Imow the exact state of Cook's affairs at that time. Such a fortune as he had might have been thrown down in a week with the life he was leading; but a young man who is reckless as to the mode in which he employs his money and has only 13,0001. may for a year or two pass bafore the world for a man of considerable means. It is not every one who will go to Doctors' Commons to ascertain the precise amount of the property he has inherited. Mr. Cook, of Lutterworth, kept his racehorses, lived expensively, was known to have inherited a fortune, and was altogether a person whose friendship was of considerable importance to a man like Palmer. Recollect that I am not now defending Palmer against the crime of forgery, nor am I defending him against the imputation of reckless improvidence in obtaining money at an enormous discount, But as early as May, 1855, Palmer and Cook were thus circumstanced. What was their position in November? The evidence of Pratt, and the correspondence which he proved, can leave no doubt on our minds upon that subject. Among a mass of bills, amounting altogether to 11,5001., there were two, of 2,0001. each,due the last week in October, two others, ameunting to 1,500!., having become due some time before, but being held over from month to month upon payment by Palmer, who was liable for them, of what was called interest at the rate of 60 per cent. These three sums-2,0001., 2,000I., and 1,5001.-were the embarrassments which were pressing upon him in the second week in November, and, be it observed, they were pressed upon him by a man who, although he would, doubtless, have been glad to get his principal, would also, upon anythin" like security, have been very well pleased to continue to receive interest. How can capital, if well secured, be better employed than in returning 40 or G0 percent? In this state of things Palmer, in answer to an urgent demand for money, came up to town on the 27th of October. Pratt then insisted that if Palmer couldjnot pay one of the 2,0001. bills which had just become due he should pay instalments, in addition to the enormous interest charged upon it, and it was agreed that 2501. should be paid down, 250!. upon the 31st of October, and a further sum of 3001. as soon afterwards as possible, making a total payment on account of that bill of 300!., to " quiet" Pratt or his client, and to induce him to let the bill stand over. On the 9th of Novem. ber the 3001. was paid, and then a letter was written, to which I beg your particular attention. On the 13th of No. vember, the day that Polestar won the race, Pratt wrote to Palmer that the case (" Palmer v. the Prince of Wales In. surance Company ") had been laid before Sir F. Kelly, that in the opinion of several secretaries of insurance offices the company had not a leg to stand upon, and that the mere fact of the enormcus premium would go a great way to get a verdict. The letter concluded,-" I count most positively on seeing you on Saturday. Do, for both our sakes, try and makeup the amount to 1,0001., for without it I shall be unable to renew the 1,5001. due on the 9th.' Pratt had threatened to issue a writ against Palmer's mo ther. Palmer had almost gone upon his knees to beg him not to do so, and this letter really meant, " Unless you give me 2001. more and make up 1,0001. a writ shal be served upon your mother." That letter is written on the 13th of November. Palmer gets it at Rugeley, whither he had gone from the racecourse on the day that Polestar won. What does he do? He instantly returns to Shrewsbury, gets there on Wednesday, sees Cook. They say he doses him. We will see how probable that is presently. Cook goes to bed in a state I will not describe, gets up next morning much more sensible than he went to bed, goes upon the racecourse, returns with Palmer to Rugeley on the Thursday, goes to bed, gets up noxt morning still uncomfortable, but ablo to go and dine with Palmer on that day (Friday). On that day, the 16th of November, Palmer writes to ratt- "I am obliged to come to Tattersalls on Monday to tho settling, so that I shal not caU and see you before Monday, but a friend of mine wiU call and leave you 2001. to-mor. row, and I will give you the remainder on Monday," The person who ordinarily settled Cook's accounts was a person named Fisher, a wine merchant in Shoe-lane, who was called first in this case; and on that very day (the day on which Cook dined with Palmer) Cook writes to him :- " It is of great importance; both to Mr. Palmer and my. self, that a sum of 5001. should be paid to a Mr. Pratt, of 5, Queen-street, May-fair, to-morrow, without fail.. 3001. has been sent up to-night, and, if you will be kind enough to pay the ot her 200!, to-morrow on the receipt of this, you wil greatly oblige me, and I wil give it to you on Monday at Tattersall's. There is a postscript, which I will read, but upon which I will at present make no observation-"II am much better." What is the fair inference from these letters? I submit that the inference is, that at that date Cook was making himself very useful to Palmer. Pratt was pressing for an additional sum of 2001. Palmer communicated his difficulty to Cook, who at once wrote to is agent to pay the 200!. More than this,-the 300!. referred to in the letter as having been paid " to-night" [The Attorney. General.-"The other day"] means one of these things-it either means the 3007. which had been sent up on the 9th of November (and if it did, then Cook knew aU about it-probably had an interest in Palmers transactions with Pratt); or it was a false representation, put forward merely for the purpose of putting a good face upon the matter to Fisher - or it means that on that day 30!. had somehow or other come to their hands, and had been by Cook made applcable to the convenience of Palmer. Whichever way you take it it proves to demonstration that Palmer and Cook were playing into each other's hands with zespect to that heavy encumbrance upon Palmer, and that Palmer could rely upon Cook as his fast friend in any such difficulties. Although, when we take the sum total of 11,5001., his difficulties sound large, yet tho difficulty of the day was nothing like that, because, in the reckless spendthrift way mn which they wvere hiving, putting on bills from month to month, and paying an enormous interestper annum, the actual outlay upon the day of putting on was not considerable. I submitthat this lettershowsthat on the day on which it is said that Palmer was poisoning Cook, the 16th of November, Cook was acting towards him in a most friendlymanner,wasacquaintedwitt his circumstances, and willing to relieve his emrassments, andactually did devote a portion of his earnings toPalmer's purposes. Iwill, however, makethis plainer. Part of the case of mylearnedfriend is that Palmer, leaving Cook iD in bed at Rugeley, ran up to town on the Monday, and intending to despatch Cook tht night obtained possession of his Shrewsbury winnings by teiong Herring, who was not Cook's usual agent, that he was autho. rized by Cook to settle his Shrewsbury transactions at Tat. tersall's. On the Monday, as on the Tuesday, Cook, though generally indisposed, was during the greater part of the day quite wrell e got up and saw his trainer and two jockeys. The theory of the case for the prosecution is that he was quite well, because Palmer was not thereto dose him. You will see how grossly and contemptibly absurd that is presently. Being well on Monday and Tuesday, do not you think that, had not Cook known that Palmer did not in. tend to go to his regular agent, Fisher, he would have been very much surprised that he on Tuesday nmornmg received no letter from that gentleman, informing him of thesettlementof histransactions? And could Palmer, as a man of business, have relied upon an absence of such surprise and alarm on the part of Cook ? We have the evidence of Fisher, that he, at Cooles request, contained in the letter of the 17th November, advanced the 2001., which he would, had he settled Cooles affairs. have been entitled to deduct from the money he would have received at Tattersall's on the Monday. lIe did not settle those affairs, and the money has never been paid. That expLins tho whole transaction. Cook and Palmer understood each other perfectly well. It was the interest of both of them that Palmer should be relieved from the pressure of Pratt. Accordingly, Cook said, "This settlement shall not go through Fisher's hands. We have got him to pay the z. to Pratt, but it shall not be repaid to him on Monday. I will let Palmer g~o to L-ondon and settle the whole thing through Herring. That was done, and thcordingly Fisher has never been paid. There is a letter to which 1 *11 cularlyla your attention. It is one sent byPalmer to Pa on the 19th of November, l855:-" You wvll place the W0. which I have just paid you and the 450. you will receive by Mr. Herring-together 500!.-and the 200!. you received on Saturdays>'That is the 2001. which Fisher paid to Pratt at the express request of Cook,] "towards payment of my mother's acceptance, for 2,000!. duo on the 25th of October, mnakn paid to this day the sum of 1,300!." Taking that letter witui the one which Cook wrote to Fisher on Friday, the 16th, van you doubt that on that day Cook was a most convenient friend to Palmer, who could not by possibility do without him? It does not endthere. Cooki died at 1 'clock on the morning of Wednesday, the 2zst o-f aNovember. If we want to know what influence that death had upon Palmer, we must take it from the letters. On tho 22d or November-and I am sure you will make some allow. ancefor a day havingelapsed from the deathof Cook-Palmer writes to Pratt, "Ever since I saw you I have been fullyenPagedwith Cook and notabletoleavehome." Unlesshemur. eredCook, that is the traest sentence that evervwas penned. He watched the bedside of his friend. He was with him night and day. He attended him as a brother. He called his friends around him, Hie dlid all that the most affectionate solicitude could do for a friend, unless he was plottig his death. " Ever since I saw you I have been fully enzated withl Coo'k and not able to leave home. I am sorry to say, after all, he died this day. o you hadbetter writo to Saunders; moneys C)ook cver had from yoyu, dvt aUnswewrthte question q I will send you the 75E, to morzowl and as soon as I have been to Manchester you sball hear about other moneys.. I sat up two full nights with Cook, and am very mauch tired out.") And did he not? Was it not trae? It may not be tre that he sat up the whole of the nights, but he was ready to be called if Cook should be ill. zabetb Mi1s says that after the first serious paroxysm on the Monday night she left Palmer in the armchair sleeping by the side of tho man whom the prosecution say he had attempted to inurder. No; murderers do not sleep by their vietims. What was Pratt's answer to Palmer's letter? I will read it that you may see what quick ruin Cook's death brouzht upon Palmer. That answer,. dated November 22 is as vollows: "I have your note, and am giKeatly disappointed at the non-receipt of the money as promised, and at the vague assurances as to any money. I can understand, 'tis true, that your being detained by the illness of your friend has been the cause of not sending up the larger amount, but the smaller sum you ought to have sent. If anything unplea-ant occurs you must thank-ourself "The death of MIr. Cook will now compel you to look about as to the payment of tne bill for 5001. on the 2d of December. " Ihave written Saunders, informing him of my claim, and requesting to know by return what claim he has for keep and training. I send down copy of bill of sale to Cruible, to see it enforced." so that the first effect of Cook's death was, in the opinion of Pratt, who knew all about it, to saddle Palmer with the sum of 500!. Xow, I will undertake to satisfy you that the transactions out of which that bill for 500!. arose were transactions for Cook's benefit, and in which Palmer lent his narneto accommodate Cook, upon whose death he became pnmarilyandaloneresponsible for the bilL Let me state the i-ew which my learned friend (the Attorney-General) takes of that transaction, because I intend to meet his case foot by foot, and I shall, I hope, convince him that, if he had had the option, he would never have taken up this case-the Crown would never have appeared in it. The universal feeling in the -country was, however, such as to render it impossible that the case should not be tried, after the verdict of wilful murder had been obtained upon the evidence of Dr. Taylor; and the Crown felt that it would be neglecting its solemn duty to protect every one of the Queen's subjects, if it did not take care that a man, against whom there was so much prejudice -a man leading the life which Palmer has led, disgraced, as it is said, by forgeries to a large amount, and i gambler by profession, should have a fair trial. There was no way of securing that, as my learned friend at once saw, no possibilityof theprisoner'sbeingsaved, except by giving to the counsel who defended him all the information which my learned friend himself possessed. The view which my learned friend takes of the 5001. transaction, the theory on which he thinks it probable that Palmer plotted the death of Cook, isthis.- "Pratt stil declining to advance the money Palmer proposed an assignmont by Cook of two racehorses, one called Polestar, which won the Shrewsbury Races, and another called Sirius. That assignment was afterwards executed by Cook in favour of Pratt, and Cook, therefore, was clearly entitled to the money which was raised upon that security, which realized 3751. in cash, and a wine warrant for 65!. Palmer contrived, however, that the mnoney and the wvine w ~rrant should be sent to him, and not to Cook. Mr. Pratt sent down- his cheek to Palmer in the country on a stamp, as the act of Parliament required, and he availed himself of the opportunity now afforded by lav of striking7out the word 'bearer- and writing 'order.' the effect of 'which was to necessitate the endorsement of Cook on theback of the check. It was not intended by Palmer that those proceeds should fall into Cook's hands, and accordingly he for ed the name of John Parsons Cook onthe back of t at chec. Cook neverreceived the money, and you v;ill see that, witin 10 days from that period when he came to his end, the bill in respect of that transaction, which was at three mouths, would have fallen due, when it must have become a p parent that Palmer received the money, and that, in orderto obtain it, he had forged the endorsement of Cook." That is the view which the prosecution take of the case, and I think I shall be able to satisfy you that it cannot possibly be the correct one. We know from Pratt exactly wvhat took place. Palmer wrote to hima saying,- "I have undertaken to get the enclosed bill cashed for Mir. Cook. You had the 2001. bill of his. He is a very good and responsible man. Will you doit? I will put my name to the bill." So that it was represented to Pratt as a transaction for the accommodation of Cook. Pratts answer to that is:- "If Mr. Cookohooses to give me security, Ihave noobjection: but hemnustexecute a billof sale on histwohorses Polestar and Sirius ; more, he must execute a power of attorney, and his signature to both must be w;itnessed by some solicitor in the country, so that I may be quite sure that it is a really valid security. If Cook will do that I will give him 375l. in money, and a winewarrant for 651.; which, charging 10!. for expenses, and 501. for discount, will make 500!." There can be no doubt that Cook attached great value to Sirius and Polestar, which mare was, probably, thenbooked for the engagements in which she won so much money at Shrewsbury; and it is to the last degree improbable that he would have executed this bill of sale, th a power of attorney to enable the mortgagee or assignee to enforce it at once effectually, and yet have received no money. Would he, if such had been the case, have remained quiet to the day of his death, and never have written to Pratt to say that although he had sent him the required documents he had never received the money? Cook was as much in want of money as Palmer was; and would he thus have thrown -away his money ? Is it credible that if Palmer had mis. appropriated the check he could for three months have kept Cook in ignorance of the transaction? Is it not probable that Cook's name was written on the check with his full knowledge and consent? It is not suggested that there was any attempt to imitate his handwriting. Is it not more probable that Cook, who I will PrOve to you from the letter wnted ready money, and who would probably be put to inconvenience by receiving only a check, which he would not get cashed for a day or two, took the ready mnoney-315., which Pratt sent at the same time to Palmer-and that Palmer took the check? On the 6th of September Palmer wrote to Pratt:- "I received the check for the 100!., and will thank you to let me have the 315!. by return of post, if possible; if not, send it me (certain) by 3londay night's post, to the Postoffice, Doncaster. I now return you Cook's papers signed, &ec., and he w;ants the money on Saturday, if he can have it; but I have not promised it for Saturday. I told him he should have it on Taesday morning at Doncaster;* so please. enclose it w;ith mine, in cash, in a registered letter, and he must pay for it being registered. Do not let it be later than Monday night's post to l>oncaster." So that Palmer asked that it should be sent like his own, Cook, according to the letter, wanting it in cash. Pratt replied to Palmer, acknowledging the receipt of the documents, and promising that he woould send him his money to Doncaster on the Monday, and would endeavour to let Cook have his at the same time. On the 9th of September Palmer wrote to Pratt:- " You must send me, for Mir. Cook, by Monday night's post (to the Post-office, Doncaster), 38M1. instead of 3751., and the wine warrant, so that I can hand it to him with the 3751., and that will be allowing you 50. for the discount, &c. I shall then get 1O!., and I expect I shall have to take to the wine, and give him the money; but I shall not do so if you do not send 3851., and be good enouh to enclose my 3151. with it, in cash, in a registered letter, and direct it to me to the Post-office, Doncaster." In these letters there is an intimation that Cook wanted the money on the Saturday. He was inconvenienced by only a check upon London, which he could not immezitel change; and, therefore, Palmer gave him the money and took the check. It is remarkable that, when we look to the banking acoount of Palmer at Rugeley, we find that the 3751. is paid in by somebody to his account, but that the 3151. is not paid in to his account at all. The bill was accepted for Cooles accommodation, Cook gave security for it, and he never, during the three months which elapsed before his death, complained to Pratt that he had not received the money for it. I submit that the fair version of the transaction is that which isgivenin a letter from Palmer -that Palmer let Cook have the cash, and himself took the check, havinz Cook's authority to put his name at the back of it. How ekse can you account for the silence of Cook, and for the fact that the 3751. is paid into the Rugeley Bank, but there is no trace of the 3151. ? This being so the result of Cook's death was to make Palmer liable for the 500!. bill, on the back of which he had put his name. Therefore, I submit to you, that on the second motive suggested by my learned friend (the Attorney. General), the case has entirely failed. In addition to this, however, we find from these letters the difficulties which the death of Cook brought upon Palmer. We find the disappointment of Pratt that he could send no more money, the bill for 5001., the danger of losing Polestar, which Palmer ver much wanted to have, and which Pratt would, unless paid the 500., bring to the hammer in order to realize s security; and we find that inquiries were at once apprehended from Cook's friends as to the moneys which Pratt had paid to Cook, and the probable value which the latter had received for the endorsements and acceptances which he had given. There is another, although not so strong a reason, why it is improbable that Palmer should have desired the death of Cook. Mr. Weatherby has told us to-day that, although it frequently happens that the moneys won at a race are sent up by the clerk of the course in a week after the race, yet that does not always happen. On Tuesday, November the 20th, on the ni;ht of which day he died, Cook, whowas then perfecty sensible, perfectly comfortable and happy and enjoyin the society of his friend Mr. Jones, gave to Palmer a check for 50!. upon Weatherby's. If Palmer killed Cook, and it happened that Frail had not sent up the money so as to be there by Wednesday morning, Weatherby's would not pay the check, nor would they have cashed it if they had received information that Cook had died during the night. It actually hapened that the check when presented was not paid, because PraiU did not send up the money. Was it probable that Palmer, having got from Cook a check for M.,would have run therisk of loing ismoney by destroying him the same night ? It is suggested that he obtained this check fraudulently, and then, lest Cook should detect the frnd, destroyed him. That was not likely to wehis purpose. He might be certain that directly the breath was out of Cook's body Jones would go to Mr. Stevens; that Stevens and Bradford, Cook's brother-m-law, wouldgo down to Rugeley; that the death being sudden there would most likely be a |post mo7tcmt examiuation; and that, instead of settling for; the 500!. bill and the 3501. check with Cook, he would have to settle with hard men of :business, men who cared nothing for him, who would probably look upon him as a " leg"' upo the turf, and would regard neither his feelings nor his iAterests, but would let him go to ruin any way he mights mot stirrng a finger to save him. Is it probable that a shrewd intellent man of business would make such a choiceas that? More an this, we know that at that very time Merrng held one bill for 500!., and three for 200!. each, to which there were the names of both Palmer and Cook, and for all of which, either in thbt whole or in part, Cook must, unless he rushed to his oun ruin, provide. If Palmer put Cook to death, he inunediately becaie solely liable, not only for these hills, but for that, as se..urity, for which the bill of sale was executed OD. Sirins -and PoleItar, which would not be so easily renQwgd as those for the large sums on which the enormous sury 'was paid. That bill would very likely soon Lad its ray to his mother, and that it should do so 'would not suit Plmer, for his mother is a res ectable and serious person, 'who, although she loved er son, did not like and gave no encouragement to his gambling; nor did that excellent and most honourable man wio stnds by him-his brother, 'waho was estranged from him for a length of time until this calamity came upon him, snaply because he disapproved the eablig by wFhich he lived. Cook being dead there 'ws, therefore, no one to save Palner from ruin, for in all this voluminous evidence there is not the smallest trace that there 'was anyone else in the world 'who 'would lend ]ahner his name or 'would assist him to obtain money. If it be, as it is stated, a fact that he forged the name of his mnother, is not I that conclusive evidence that he had no other resource but the goodnature-the einess, perhaps the folly of Cook? Is it then credible that under such circumstances he would have desired to bring upon himself not merely the creditors and executors of Cooki, bat their solicitors-men 'who in the discharge of their duty to their clients can have no sympathy for any one and 'with whom no arrangement is possible? 1 have, therefore Ihope, shown you that Palmer nad an interest in the life of Cook But more than that, 'was it sife for him that Cook should die? Palmer was a man 'who had a shrewd knowledge of the world and a inowledge of his profession, and, among other things, of chymistry. My learned friends have put in a book wbhic was found in his house, and among other notes one in 'which there is this, "Strychnia kdlls by causing tetanic fixing of the re3piratory muscles." in the same book there are many other notes. Lord CAmirxEL.-The Attorney-General stated that he did not place much reliance -upon that note. Mr. Serjeant SiYF.-My learned friend did not press this note, but he thought it was evidence wlich ought to be before you (the jury). I use it to satisfy you that Palmer had studied his profession sufficiently to know, and knew perfectly well, that if strychnine were administered itwould in all probability kill the victim in horrible convulsions, in a very short time, and in a 'way so strildng as to be the talk of a smallneighbourhoodlike Rugeleyforaamonthor more -time enough to alarm everybody and provoke inquiry into the circumstances of the death, 'which must certainly, in all p-robability, end in the detection of guilt. If that is so, 'vas he at that time so circumstanced as to render it safe for him to run the risk of such suspicions? His brother, Walter Palmer, had died in themonth of August; and, unless his mother forgave him, or recognized the acceptance, his only hope of extraction from his difficulties lay in getting from the Prince of Wales-office the money due to tmas assignee of the policy on his brother's life. That his chance of getting, that money was good is shown by the fact that he refused the offer of the office to return the premium and that it was upon it that Pratt had obtainea the discounts, and had resolved, under the direction of Palmer, to put it in suit. It 'was really the only unpledged property 'w'uch he had, and how he was situated 'with regard to it appears from the letters and from the evidence. The insurance company, annoyed at being called upon to pay so large a sum, were determined to do all they could to resist it. Thoyaccordingly sentlnspectorFieldcandhisman to Stafford to make inquirnes. Theycouldnotdothiswithonttallin, and this had been going on for sometime. [To show that thl had beenthe case the learned Serjeant read the deposition of the witness Deane, 'who was examined yeterday.] So that just before the death of Cook-, Palmer knew himself to be the subject of what he appeared from his actions to consider a most unfounded and unwarTmntable suspicion. He put the policy into the hands of an attorney to enforce payment of the sum due upon it. The office met the claim by insinuations and inquiries which were of a nature to destroy his character andt to bring upon his head the suspicion of a murder. The pressure by Pratt upon Palmer to meet the 2,0001. bills did not commence until the office disputed the payment of that policy. Al went as smooth as possible as long as Pratt held 'what he beieved to be a good security, but 'when they began to dispute that Pratt writes to Palmer and tells himn that the state of things is changed. After saying that nothing can be done towards compelEng the office to pay untilthe 24th, he says in his letter of the 2d of October:- "This, you will observe, quite alters arrangements, and I therefore must request that you make preparations for meetig the t o due a the end of this month. . . In any event, hear in ,ind that you nust be prepared to cover yourmother's acceptances for the 4,0001., due at the end of the month." There was the pinch. The office would not pay, and bis for 4,0001. were coming due. If anything occurred to increase the suspicions of the office-which was very very uwilling to pay-all chance of the 13,0001. 'was lost. That 13,0001. is sure to be paid unless that man (pointing to the prisoner) is convicted of murder. As sure as he is saved, and saved I believe he will be, that 13,0001. wil be paid. There is no defence-no pretence of a defence. The premium taken was an enormous one, and that 13,00O1. is good for him and will pay all his creditors. This correspondence of which my learned friend mnst have taken a view different from any 'which I can take, but 'which I am sure he would have put in, whatever had been his view of it-this correspondence saves the prisoner if there is common sense in man. Here is another letter from Pratt to Palmer, dated October the 6th:- "I have your note, acknowledging receiptbyyourmother of the 2,0001. acceutance, due the 2d October. Why not let her acknowleage it herself? You must really not fail to come up at once, if it be for the purpose of arranging for the payment of the two bills at the end of the mouth. Remember I can make no terms for their renewal, and they must be paid. I will of course hold the policyfor so much as it is 'worth, but in the present position of the affair, no one except your mother, 'who is liable upon the bills, can look- upon it as a security. [That was because Simpson and Field 'were down there making inquiries.] Do -not neglect attending to' this, for under a recent act bills of exchange are now recovered in a few days. You know and can appreciate my conductin avoiding all trouble and annoyance to your mother; but to that there is a limit. I cannot by any representation be a party to inducing anybody to believe that security exists 'where there is doubt upon the point. P.S. I cast no doubt upon the capability of the offlce to pay, but in thenature of things, vith so large anL amount in question, it is not to be surprised at, if, they think they have grounds of objection, they should temporize Does not this show that on the 6th of October suspioions 'were hanging over Palmer's hetad, 'which would come down with irresistible momentum andcrushhim if there'were a suspicon of another violent and sudden death? Do you think that a man 'who had written in his manual what were the effects of strychnine would risk such a scene as that poison 'would develope in the presence of the dearest and best friend of Cook,-a man 'whom he could not infiuence,-and a medical man, 'who loved Cook so wvell as to sleep in the same room with bins, that he might be ready to attend him in case he needed assistance? Is that common sense? Are you going to enforce such a theory ss that which Dr. A. Taylor propounded as to the effects which strychnine produces upon rabbits?s Impossible-perfectly imnpossible! I wMil prove the position l which Palmer stood stil more clearly. On the 10th of October Pratt,in a letter addressed to him, says:- "I may add that I hear they (the insurance company) have been making inquiries in every direction." To be sure, they had. Field the detective officer had been at Stafford, 'where he could make inquiries as well as at Rugeley. "But on 'what they ground their dissatisfaction is as yet a mystery. In any event no step can be taken to compel payment until after the 4th of December?" lt is plain that suspicions wfere then rife, or that attempts were made to excite suspicions against him with regard to the death of Walter Palmer. On the 18th of October Pratt enclosed to Palmer a letter from the solicitor of the company, stating that the directors had determined upon declining to pay the amount claimed; but that, although the facts disclosed in the course' of their inquiries would, have warranted their retention of the premiums which had been paid they were prepared to refund them to any one who might be shown to be legally entitled to them. Palmer determined that the money should bepaid *and a case 'was laid before Sir Fitzroy Kelly. If anything happened to Cook by foul play he had no more chance of receiving this 13,0001. than of obtainIg 130,000L. From all this I infer, not only that Palmer had no iterest in Cook's death, but that he had a direct pecu niarsy interest in his living. I think itisimossible that I shouIld be so much mistaken as that a considerable portion of what I have advanced should not be worthy of your attention, and I therefore submit to you, to the Coui, and to my learned friend, that the case as to this supposed motive for tho crime has failed. We now proceed to the factsof the ase, andin considerthemit'wlllbenecessary to group them without entire reference to dates. I will irst inquire whether the symptoms 'with 'which Cook 'was attacked and the a.ppearnces presented by his body after death were consistent 'with the theory of his having died by strychnia poison, and inconsistent w/ith that of his having died from some other natural cause. it is under this head that I shall dicuss, I hopo not undly, the medical evidence in this ase, and present to you such observations as occur to me on1 the witnesses 'who have been called to suppoor the viewr 'which the Crowfntakes of the effect of that medical testimony. Cook died at 1 o'clock in the morning of Wednesday, November 21, in the presence of Jones. It 'was no sooner lght than Jones posted to town and saw his stepfather, Mr. Stevens. Mr. Stevens went down to lugeley and 'was introduced to Palmer. Palmer went with hun to tho Talbot rms, and uncovered the corpse-a bold thing to do if he had murdered him. The body was so little emaciated or affected by disease that Stevens wondered he could be dead; but he observed some little rigidity about the muscles. Stevens's suspicions were roused; he asked Palmer to dinner, questioned him about the betting-book, got angry that it was mot produced, dissembled wvith Pauler, crossexamined him, went up totown, met him at Euston-square, again at Wolverton, at Rugby, and at Rugeley. At last he gave him to understand that he suspected him and intended to probe the whole matter to the bottom. He resolved to have a post noilent examination, and that exaniination took place. The appearances presented by the body after death were such as might have been anticipated by those 'who were acquainted with his course of life, his general health, his pursuits, and, not to say anything hard of him, his vies, and the drinking> racing ompany wvhich he kept. lIis father had died at 30 years of age, his. mother about the qame age, a few years aftei' her second marriage; his sister 'was dead; and he himselE 'was ailbeted 'with a Pumronary disor&r Cook had been suffering for a long time from a svre threat, and bore about him all the signs and indications of having led a licentious life. Indeed, le appears to have been about as dissipated a younog man as can be well imagined. I do not mnean to say that he was utterly depraved, or tlat he wea; lostto all sense of honour and propriety; but it does rot admit of doubt that his manner of hving was wild, riotous, and extravagant. His complaints indicated his exoesses, and he was avowedly addicted to pursuits the reverse oa commendable. When his body was opened therez -ere evidences of a soreness of the tongue. I do not go the length of saying that there 'was an5thing to lead to thle inference that there 'was an actual sore at the time o,death, but there 'were foDlicles and symaptoms, if not of 3 r-icent, cetainly of a not very remote ulcer. The inside of the mouth had been 'ulcerit-d, and the s1;.l tAken of 2nm both sides. There ji abundant evidence to show that Cook was himself of opinion that these mptoms -were syphilitic. He could sexrmly be persu ede to obey the instructions of Dr. Savage, the respectable and very competent physician whom he consulted, and, though it is admittedl that he was not "fool enough to go to quack doctors," it is very certan hat he was weak enough to follow the counsels of every aedical man who would venture to give him advice whien coincided with hi own opinion thc t mercury wa the best thling for his complaint. The spots' which are the fatal charateristics of his dreadful mnalady had already rade their appiaranedon his byandher and beome a irtuou mem er of hoist a bey and ha was haunted by the appde enion ha some day, as he was running about the race-course, hin face would be suddenly covered over with copper blotches, 'which wouild' leave no doubt on the maineds of those who saw them si to the true nature of his disgese. Many a mnan similarly, affected las retrieved his position, redeemed hhis character and become a virtuous 3member of society. Tar be it from me, then, to say one -word that would press wsith undue severity on the maemory of the dead; but no false delicacy shal deter ine from the hdischarge _of my duty, ansd I make these remarks not in an unkind or censorious' spirit, hut for the sakpe of truth, and because the state of Cook's healthis aost important element inthisso nui-y Itisc vetain thatfitwas isownopinionthathe was uffemrin from vihrlent syphlis, a rnd in this opinion the nedical oden who originally attended him did not hesitate to concur. That he did not correct his habilts is eident from the fact that within a recent period of his death he hadeagain becom diseased. When his body was opened on the setond examination, there were found between the delicate mnebrane which the spinal marrow covers and is caled the arachnolda and emabedded to some extent in the next covering, not so delicate, termed the ducr ma ir, grnules about one inchii extent; aud I wiM satisfy you, upon the evidlence of wit-, neases whose authority wil not be questioned, that if the body hiad been opened in the dead-house of any hospital ini this metropolis t-hose grannues would-have been regarded as' syniptomns affording conclusive explanation of the cause of - death. Suc'h, thenl, was the condition of Cook's health-a condition but partially and imperfectly revealed by the first post vwrtem exammnation. That examination ws not conducted with the same minuteness and precision that circumstances rendered necessary on a subsequent occasion, andthesy_philiticdseasewasneitheras-rtaine nor suspected. Thestomachwas taken out, andjyouhaveheardthe suggestion, which, were it not that the Court has ruled it to be of no significance, I should have been prepared to disprove, that Palmer attempted to interfere with the operation by shoving against the medical muan engaged in it. The inference sought to be deduced was, that some of the stomach escaped from thear; but we have the evidence of Dr. De ronshire himself that such was not the fact. None of it did escape, and it was sent up in its entirety to London, there to be analyzed by Dr. Taylor and Dr. Rees. Those gentlemen examined it with the knowledge that, owing to the report of Palmer having aurchased a fatal drug from Mr. Roberts on the day of the death, there was asuicion of foul play. Mr. Stevens talked of the fact to Dr. Taylor, nd, with the consciousness of it on his mind, that gentleman wrote a letter attributing the death to antimony. [)r. Taylor intimated dissent.] well, if the letter is not to be so understood, it is at all events susceptible of this interpretation-that the death may have been caused by antimony. Dr. Taylor attends the coroner's inquest, which, inall probability, is held in consequence of his own letter. He hears the evidence of .Tones, Eoberts, and Mills, and it is but natural to presume that these are the witnesses whose testimony has the greatest influence on his opinion. He forms his judgment on the evidence of chambermaids, waitresses, an:l housekeepers, and contrary to the opinion of the medical. man who attended Cook in his last illness (for be it remermbered be had no encouragement from Mr. Jones,thesurgeon, of Lutterworth, a man of age and character to form a sound decision on the case); hecomes boldly and at once to the conclusion that his onginal notion about antimony having been the cause of death was a mistake, and then he has the incredible imprudence-an imprudence which has necessitated this trial, or at all events rendered it necessary that it should take place in this form and place-to declae upon his oath to the coroner's jury that he believes that the pUlls given to Cook on MondayandTuesday containedstrychnine, and that Cook was consequently poisoned. That evidunceofhisiscarriedonthe wingsof the press into every house in the united kingdom. It becomes known through. outthe length and breadthof the land that Dr. Taylor, a man who has devoted his life to science, a man of the highest personal character, and 'who stands, well with his medical friends, has declared-not as A conjectural opinion, mark you, nor as a reserved opinion delivered in a private room to a few men whose discretion might be reied on-but, tbat in the public room of a public inn, in a little village where everything that occurs is known, he has declared upon his solemn oath that it is his beEief that Coolk diedbecause pills containing strychnine were administered to him on the nights of Mondy and Tuesday. He had himself failed to discover the faintest traces of strychnine, yet, at the coroner's inquest he had the hardihoed to declare his conviction that the Pills contained strychnine, and that Cook died of them. His evidence is neither consistent with itself nor vith the opinion of 3Cr. Jones. He tales upon him to pronounce positively, in the face of the world, that Cookl disease was nothing else than tetanus, and tetanus, too, of the kind that can be produced by poison only, and that poison strychnine. Such was Dr. Taylor's testimnony; and on such testimony the coroner's jUTY returned their verdict. liut, merciful Heaven 1 in hat position are 'e placed for the sfety of our own lives and those of our families if, on evidence such as this. men are to be put upon their trial f or foul murder as often ass a sudden death occurs in any household ! If science is to be illowed to come an dogmatize inour courts-and not science that is successful in its. operations or exact in its nature, but science that is baffled by its own tests, and bears upon its forehead the motto, "A little learning is a dangerous thing"-if, I say, science such as this is to be suffered to dogmatize in our courts, and to utter judgmentswhich. its own processes fail to vindicate, life i3 no longer secure, and there is thrown upon judges and jurymen a weight of resnonsihility too gevous for human nature to endure. If Dr. Taylar had detected the poison by his own tests he, with his long experience in toxicological studies, would have been an excellent witness for the Crown: but he has not found the poison, and not having seen' the patient, and knowing nothing of his death-bed symptoms vond what he gathered from the evidence of an ignorant servant girl and of Mr. Jones, whose testimony does not show that he agrees with him in opinion, Dr. Taylor thinks himself justified in declaring upon his oath in. a public court that the pills contained strychnine, and that Cook was poisoned. If verdicts are to be moulded on testimony such as this, what medical practitioner is safe ? On w'hat ground does Dr. Taylor -vindicate his opinion! Heedoes not appear to have ever seen one solitary cAse of strychnine in the human subject, yet, with the full 3nowledge that the consequences of his assertion might be disastrous to the prisomer at the bar, he has the audacity to ssert that the pills, which for anything that he knows to. the contrary were the s me thatDr. Bamordprepared, contained strychmnie, and that Cook was poisoned by it. I have muoted the sentiment "a little leang is a dangerous thing,'and assuredly to no science is that re so apprt cable astotbe medical. Of all God's works there is no other whichaso eloquentlyattest ourentire dependence onEim and our own utter nothingtess as that mortal coil in which wa live, and breathe, and have our being We are struck wth amazement as we contemplate it. We feel, we see, we hear; yet the instant that we attempt to give a reason for thsee sensations our path is crossed by the mystery of creation, and all we knowb is that God creatod man-that He is our Omnipotent Mager and wethe wlorklof HIis handi Yet we fancs that we can penetrate ail mysteries, and ther are no ber.,ins to our arrogance. There has been much talk in this inqniry of the twoud ds of tetanus-idiopathic and traumatic. Dr. Todd, urged e b the Court thexplai e forner,described it as "constitutionaL" Perhaps "self- enerating"would have done as well, bot let that pass. Eut ow is our knowledge advanced by translatinn" dopather as constitutionalM .tis easy to give an EngSiJh translation. of that Greek compound, but tha thing is to expLain what the translation means. What is ths meang of the phrse "constitutional tetanus "' lord CwaandavbLy-Tetanus not occasionedo by externa injury. dor. Serjeant Sctuy ust so, my Lord, or in other words tetanus not reFerable to any known caus. But, in truth, idiopathic means in a general sense' "unaccounteable." N~ot that constit-utional tetanus is always and invariably so, but that cases of tetanus do continually occur of which you can only suspect thn cause and attribute it by hypothesis to a "cold,"' or some other vague accident. In such cases you say that t}i disease is idiopathic, not traunatic. The Crown will have it that Cook's was the tetanus of poison, but it is almost an assumption to say that it was tetanus at all. That he died of convulsions, or immediately after them, is certain, an& that they were convulsions similar to those from whieh he suffered on the preceding nght is beyond all doubt, Buin what pretenceis there for positively asserting that they were tetanus at all? T7m Gnedence of Mr. Jones fairly interpreted cannot be construed otherise than as ink matinr an impression that they were convulsions that patook the tetanic character. That might be, >nd yet tI. maadr might not be tetanus. It .is bad reasoninz-s th deFec-.' tive logic-to argue without positive proof te the' fact that the disease was tetanus, and no othen tetanus in the world than that produced by poisc4- Eollowing the trail dragged for them by the toxicolo isb the Crowvn have-tbouirhtnronertoimoute the death of this man to the poison ot stGycnine. ft it for tbem topove the fact. We contes it, but it byno means follows that we, should be bound to eylain tbh death on othr grounds. If we can satisfy you that tbis maan wa assaile-by any ou ot the nLmerous kinds, of cnu'ions to w4l0s hbumanity is. Lable, andtthat he was asphy;xated or dep:ilred of life when. writhing in some sadden spasmor paror7sm, we shal hawoc done all ihat can in faroess be demandedi of us, unless,. is. deed, the Crovm shall be prepared to, prove tl Cowes smptoms swere i=econcileable with an. y other dot=ine th that of death by strychnine. This t.ley have not done and canrot do. I prooseo to call your attention to tho stasemepts of the witnesses Eills and Joaes with respeca to the symptomns they oherred in Cook oiutShe evenings oa M aodeay "d TuesdayW and, havingdonesob Iwillsubait tyoust candid judg3ment 'whether thosq, symptoms my net '. "'ore nat:rol accounted for by attributing them to oca -sulsioms whicht are not tetaui at all, and most asiteil not teta.nie. 7int he distinctto. character of sirchulineB. but 'which may ather b classed under tb.ose ordinarycon- vulsIons by means of whichiit constantly pleases Pro >dence to strikRe men don withcesjX leaving utpex their boKies the faintest indications from,wi\ichthe causeof death may be. i,nforred. Youhave it on the authloriE. of medisalmenof the bighest distinction tbit .it sometime's occurxtht men in. the primne oi' life and in the full vigour of health are sn7itte X to death by convulsions that leave tio trace upon t'ne body ot" the sufferer. The staements of ibiills and v ones are such, as to render it en,tirely unnecessary io resort to the h,vpobsi, of any kind of tetanus, much loss to that of strychnline., iii accounting for the death of COook. P.ogard bei:ig ha to ther delicate state of his healt,b, and to the continu.e'recurring. derangements of his constitution, it is far aaf.r to conclude5 that ae died of ordinary couvuion5 t,hmn,'f .nn deacrip- tion of tetanus, 'whether traumatic, i'mopathic, or thaxt ~prodnced by poison. Nor must we omit to in. quize jnt th.e6xe ctt f his m,md;X HEe went to Sshew'
THE BALLOT. TO THE EDITOl OF TIIE TD[ES. Sir,-I should feel obliged by your allowing me to explain through your journal why my name did not appear in the division list in favour of MIr. Berkeley's motion on the ballot. In common with very many members, I believed the debate would continue for some considerable tinie, and, having business to transact, I left for a few minutes, but on my return the division had just taken place. I regret this the more, believing vote by ballot the only means by which the true refiex of public opinion can be obtained. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant. JOEN BIRADY. Warwick-terrace, Belgravia, May 21.
THE CORI VT,ADE. CORiN-EXCfNGE WEDvSDAY, Y 21. Thoe -rimal3 continuo moderato of most descriptions of grain, but thoe trade has not beon active. 'Wheat is in some caes held for rather mom money, and bhrley and oat3 ftlls maintain former onotationo DTTBLI. AlAr 20. We had a very slow market at our Corn-Exchange to-Day. The heAt Famples of everything were talen at about the curreiicle3 of Friday, but other descriptions hung heaily on hand. We do n1et, however, note any alteration in our last qiuotations, except for Indian corn, which wa,6 d to Ia lonMr SACREDILnBNiSOMCSO .-Dlendelssohn'sBlija7t will be performed at Exeter-hall on Friday, the 6th of June the principal vocalists being Madame Clana Novello, Ma. dame Viardot Garcia, MIr. Sims Reeves, and Herr For;nes. The beautiful testimonial recently presented to Mr. 'Costa by the Brmningham Festival Conrnittee in commemoration of the production of his oratorio, .EZi, will be on vIew, and may be seen on application, at the society's roor.,s, No. 6, E xeter-hll, to-}1}y auk1. o-mvt~ow (Flidayh om 2 antil
MONEY-MARKBTatdGCITINSTELLfBENB., Wednesday Evening., The English funds opened this morning at an improvement of an eighth, and subsequently experienced another advance, the market closing with a very steady appearance. Consols for money, which left off last evening at 94 to i, were first quoted 941 to i,.atwhich they remained during the greater part ofte day; but the last transactions were at 94i to i for money, and 94a to i for the 4th of June. For a short time there had been buyers for the account at 94k, but a sudden abundance of money has diainished the difference between the quotations for delivery and for time. The last price of the scrip of the new loan was I premium. After regular hourstransactions took place both in ConsO1S and scrip at a slight further improvement. Bank Stock closed at 214 to 215; Reduced, 930 to i; New Three per Cents., 93i to i; Annuites, 30 years, 17k; lndia Stock, 229 to 232; India-bonds, 8s. to 3s. discount; Exchequer-bonds, 98-i to j; and Exchequer-bills (Maroh), 3s. discount to ls. premium; (June), 6s. to 2s. discount. The return of the surplus deposits on the loan has produced a remarkable effect on the mioneymarket, which is increased by the circumstance that the advances obtained from the Bank for the purpose of these payments were for 14 days, and will consequently not be repayable for more than a week. Loans for short periods were obtainable in the Stock-Exchange this morning at 3 per cent., and in the discountmarketthere was some difficulty in disposing of the supply. An impression has become general that at the Bank Court to-morrow the rate of discount on bills having more than 60 days to run will be reduced from 7 to 6 per cent. The measure has been long expected, but it has been found necessary to delay it, owing to the effect of the weekly shipments of specie on account of the Turkish loan. The fact that those shipments are understood now to have terminated and the generally favourable appearance of the foreign exbchanges seem to render any further hesitation needless, and hence, although the directors would perhaps have preferred to wait until after the publication of the improved return which - the influx of gold this week is likely to occasion, the belief is that the relaxation will be decided apon immediately. Underanycircumstances it isassumed thequestioncan be merely as to the delay of a week. Foreignsecurities havebeen steady, and quotations showinsome casesa slight tendency to improvement. Turkish Six per Cents. were negotiated at 981 and 7 for money, and 98. and -A for the account. In the Four per Cents. Guaranteed the transactions for the account were at 102k and i. The general business comprised-Buenos Ayres, for account, 77 and 79; Ecuador, 5a; Mlexican, for account, 23i, 1, and 7; Peruvian, for account, 7Th, i, and 78; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 95 and 954; Sardinian Five per Cents., 941 and 95; Spanish Three per Cents., for account, 46A and i; the New Deferred, for account, 25, and t; Venezuela, for account, 30k and 29k; Belgian Four-and-a-lalf per Cents., 95X-; and Dutch Twoand-a-Half per Cents., for the account, 64k. The corn-market was steady this morning at thle reduced quotations of Monday. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents, on the Paris Bourse this evening failed to arrive, but the price for the account shortly after the opening was 75f. 50c., showing another decline of an eighth. At Amsterdam the stock-market con tinues to exhibit a tendency to revival. The Indemnity has arrived from Port Phillip with 7,367 ounces of gold, valued at 29,4681. The advices from Russia do nut as yet describe anymaterialvriation in the course of trade. It has generally restumedits old channels, but the want of lighters is sensibly felt. The removal of the quarantine in the Black Sea and the Sea of Azoff is regarded as a great advantage. A t St. Petersburg the rate of exchange is very steady. The prohibition against the export of gold is still maintained, but its removal at an early date is conlsidered not its bable. ed not impro- The following, received by the last mail) gives the latest particulars of the condition of a&feils in the River Plate. In Montevideo the influence of Oribe seems again to threaten continued misgovernment; but it is satisfactory to find that ani arrangement has at length been enforced of the long pending claims of English merchants, although it stim falls short of what the dignity of this country sholuld have demanded. At Buenos Ayres a renewal of hostilities with Urquiza is appreliended as a not remote possibility. The news of the termination of the Russian war came unexpectedly, and wvill cause losses in tallow. Nothing is said witlh regard to the proposals of the Buenos Ayrean Government for the settlement of their foreign debt .- ' " Some attempts have been made to introduce the ref orms alluded to in my last, but the unconstitutional and domineering influence of Oribe and Flores render good government next to impossible. Everybody gives the nev President (Pereira) credit for the best intention-, and probably he does his best, but his power is limited. In defiance of law General Dias, Colonel Tagis, and some others have been sent out of the country on suspicion of intriguing to overthrow the Government. Louis Lamas, a senator, and one of the best men in the country, finding himself obnoxious, and possibly considering himself in danger from military influences, has solicited his passport, and intends, it is said, to leave the republic next week. Senor Lamas had manfully exposed-in the Senate some of the late abominable abuses of military domination, by which the public revenue has been anticipated for some time. Dr. Ellauri is no longer Minister for Foreign Affairs. His tenure of office was short ; lie has been succeeded by Don Joaquin Requena. The office of General des Arnas, which was abolished, has been re-established.. It was stated in my last that the Government intended seDing half of the Customs duties, with the privilege of administration. This privilege, I added, had been demanded by Mr. Thornton, Her hlaaestyb Charge d'Affaires, on behalf of the merchant ; who granted a loan to this Government under the guarantee of the British and French Plenipotentiaries, in 1845, on that express condition; and, on the 2d inst., he concluded an arrangement by which the loan contractors are to take possession and administer the Custom-house department until they are paid the amount due to them by retaining an eighth of the net product of the revenue. This arrangeimient has the sanction of the contractors residing here, who feared that if they let this opportunityl pass, they might have to wait a few more years before they touched a portion of the heavy sum due to them; but they do not consider the arrangement a just one. The account was made up to the end of the past month, and from that date all interest ceases. By the January agreement, of which I wrote last month as having been cancelled in consequence of this Government not having complied with it by paying the first instalment, the account was made up on the same principle as the present, and interest at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum was to be paid periodically. lVhy Mr. Thornton should not have exacted the interest after the Government had acknowledged it to be due one is unable to understand. The contractors are entitled to it, or they are not. If they are not entitled to it, how came Mr. Thornton to demand it? I have said the contractors here have sanctioned the arrangement, but they have not done so willingly, and they doubt whetherit will meet with the approbation of their confreres in England, who own about half the amount of the loan; they entertain some slight hopes that Lord Clarendon will insist upon the interest, which, for this country, is lo*. "The news of Russia's acceptance of the conditions of peace has taken everybody by surprise, and the dealers in tailowfill, no doubt, sustain heavy losses. In Montevideo, however, we shall not suffer so much as on the other side of the river, whence shipments have been large. Exchange 41d. " Buenos Ayres struggles on. They talk of lighting the city with gas the latter end of next month. The elections have just terminated, not, however, without loss of life. The treaty entered into with the Argentino Confederation has not been ratified by rqimE. It isfeared hostilities will commenee before the year is out. It is reported the Indians desire peace, but, until they have been punished, it is difficult to believe this when they have had their own way. The Governor is somewhere in th country, but his whereabouts notexactlyknown. All the Estanieros on the bor- ders bave sent their cattle to market, in preference to ranning the risk of having it stolen by the Indians. " The province of Santa F6, the most thinly populated in tho Argentine Confederation, is daily assuming more importance. Houses have been erected in considerable numbers and land has greatly advarced in value. The difficulties between Paraguay and Brazil are said to be settled amicably ; but that repablic is likely to have mors serious difficulties with France, in consequence of the illtreatment of some French immigrants." The prospectus has been issued of the Fibre and Paper Manufacturing Company, which has been in course of formation during the past two or threa years, to carry into operation a patent for the production of paper from flax and other fibrous substances. The proposed capital is 100,0001., in 101. shares, and the qualities of paper already manufactured by the process have been well tested, and have been found to realize the promises held out. With regard to the eost of production very favourable estimates awa given, and if these should ba confirmedc by continued experience there will ba every reason to hope that the company may perform an important service in lessening the pressure of the daily increasing demand. The agents of the Swedish Provincial Mortgae L.oan have advertised the half-yearly divide-id, due on the lat of June. CRYSTAI PACE.-OnE S;MLrrQ DAY, Wednesday, X# 21.-Adniisions on pawmant, 4,174; ditto', by nvaoa tickets, 60{; thb vitSr4 , 4,178.
RAZZ Y ANzD MI*IZYGZ DHABES - - W e;dnesli EvrniT The railway-market was firm, and prices closed at a light advance. The -operations in English, although not numerous, caused greater fimnese in the later hours of business. French and Belgian were steady, while Indian descriptions supported the late improvement. Baiak of Egypt closed # to pm.;OttomanB3ank, ito pm.; RigaEailway,itto i pm.; National Discount Company. At;oi disco-ant; Loinbardo-Venetian, 6,j to i pm.; Wester of I.ondon, 5 to 4 discount; LJondon and Paris, 3% to 21 discount; and Alliance B3ak, 2 to 1 discount.
RILWAYIINGLIGENCE. LIO'Nw 101 Tqwm1u a ie report of the directors of this company stea that tli irAffic reoeipts show an increase of 7,642. over thole 4-rt1 -preceding half-year. 'Teea=A-TeieW;Ieyni and locks executed during the half-year endihgtlhe-3t of December involved an out-Lay exeeig th4 .r-jhle earnings of t-he canals- for the same period. The .bi.liaieei on the general revenue account, after pi th .'t interest onx the debenture debt, prefee 0lars 1adot-) standing debts, amontsrt d ,2nL o mittearecommend a dividend at theate of 3l - 4nnuIn on theorirysae,pybeotle0t fj axt, leavingbalance of 131.The sum in the revenue account as one-third of L783l.. a ece in the stores account prior to January, 18S5. The capl raised on shares aiuounis to Gb7,06l and on l 207,50.; total, 894,5691. The authorised capital mount' to 1,100,01. ( IEPOORTS OF COiA=ITTS ON RAILWAY BII3CS ELY TIDAL HARBOUR A1ND 1ATiLwAy. Mr. STRuT reported from the committee thatjpower is SO atbythebM to ataki e a railway from the Taff. Yale hMway to the Biver Ely, and to convert Tart of the R;iver Ely to a tidal harbour. The proposed cipital of.tho company is 130,0001., and the amount of loan 43,00W. The. wliee of the shareholders may be considered as having a local interst in the line. The length of the proposed rail-. way is 5 miless 7 furlongs and 3 chains, and the steepest gradient an the line is 1 n 163. The estimated cost of the undertaldi,g iE I30,000. 31r. Mwsshawv and 1r. :Brunel were the engineers eraTmined in sapport ofi the bill, aLnclTr- WAlker in ootionto it. The committ,e -were satisfie& of the fitness an engineeringpointof view of the proposed xailway and works. IFLxrw-ODn, PFE3SON, AsIN WEST RriDlG JUNCTIONn Mr. ConaRt reported from the committee thit the objects -of the bill were to enable the company to alter and increase the scaleof tolls authorised by their eisting act; so cancel certain ferfeited Ehares; and to confirm an agreement entered into by them under the powers of the said act with tLe Preston and Longridge Railway Company for the purchase of the latter railway. The committee had examined the allegations contained in the preamble of the bill and had made some verbal amendment therein, and had found the same as amended to be true. 1dD rTcr DmEor (BnO rT v TO ST. X&xY's CR&Y). 21r. }IL BA3L& I reported from the committee on the bill that the proposed capital of the company is 70,00DL, and the amount of loan 23,0001. The length of the proposed railway is four miles seven furlon gs, the steepest gradient being 1 in 92. The estimated cost of the railwav is 70,0001., aud the quantity of land required 53 acres. lfr. Fowler, Mr. Gregory, and M[r. Wilson were the engineers examined in support of the bill, and no engineer was examined in opposition to it. The committeewere satisfied of the fitness, in an engineering point of view, of the proposed railway. O4xFORD, WORCESTER, AI.N WOLVERAInrTON. Mtr. IL .Aixiir reported from. the committee that the objects of the bill are to extend the timefor the execution of certain works. The committee had considered the additional provision proposed to be introduced into the bil for extending the time for completing part of the Kingswinford branch, and had made provision in the bill accord. ingyilhe extensionoftimeforthe completion ofeerhnworrks sanctioned being beyond the usual P'arliamnentary period, such extension of time was, in the opinion of the committee, renderedl necessary by the financial Positon of the company. The committee had amended the preamble of the b ill.by strildng out the recital relating to the expediency of layig down the narrow gauge throughout the whole length of the Oxford, Worcester, and Woiverhampton line of railway, and altering in some respects the recitals as to the obligations upon the company with respect to the broad gage, so as to make the same consistent with the facts of the Jcase by inserting a recital respecting the part of the Xingswinford branch referred to in the clauses introduced into the bill, and by omitting the recitals as to the Stratford-upon. Avon branch, -which had been withdrawn by the promoters; and the committee had found the preemble, as amended, to be true. METOPOLIT-W. MIr. H. BATLLIE reported from the committee that the bi gives power to the company to. make a branch railway from the authorised line, out of capital already authorised to be raised. The length of the branch is 283 chains, and it is proposed to construct the same on the narrow gaugoe being the gauge of the Great Northern Railway, with which the branch forms a communication. The estimated cost of the work is 25,0001. Mr. J. Fowler was the engineer examined in support of the bill; and the committee were satisfied of the fitness, in an engineering point of view, of the proposed branch railway. - lrovisien is made in the bill to enable the Great Northern Company to subscribe to the undertaking. The comnnittee had anended the preamble of the bil by striking out the statements of the periods to which it is proposed to extend the time for the purchase of certain lands and completion of certain works, so as to make the same consistent with the provisions of the bil in that respect; and by striking out all the recitals relating to the money deposited in the Court of Chancery for securing tho completion of the undertaking, the committee having decided to strike out of the bil all the provisions- relatjn thereto, and had found the same as amended to be true. WESnrnSTBt TERIhESS. ' H. D :BALUIE reported from the committee that the bill gives power to the company to make a deviation in the line already authorised, and the works are to be paid for by a capital already authorised to be raised. The length of the proposed deviation line i& 31if chains, the steepest gradient being Iin 117. The estimated cost of the works is 50,0001., and the quantity' of land required is 31 acres. Mr. C. H. Gregory was the engineer examined in support of the bill, and the committee were satisfied of the fitness, in an engineering pDint of view,, of the proposed deviation. The committee had amended the pream'ble of the bin by striking out the recitals referring to the bridge over the Thames, and to the extension of time for the purchase of lands and execultion of w-orks, such objects being ab3ndoned bythe promoters of the bin; and, as so amended, they found the same to be true. TRAFC 2RETURINS. Bail :bE~~Ies Pazs- Mer- TlaE Total'' Ealiwayx opes. aengems cbandiae. 1556 1550. Week ending May 10. Tdinbnrgh andGLasgow . 142 ..9 .1. 5.470 .. 4,B9 Weekending May 11. Great Sorthern .. . .. - . . - .1,26 190scS Caledonian .. .... .. .. 1.1,271 31,213 'North Staffordshire .. - .3 - .. - . . 7.623 6,305 North Devon .. .. 35 .. - - ,. .. 403 305 Week ending May 17. Belfast andBallymena s . - 630 336 ... 956 . l Cork, Blachod4 an Paa. .age . - .. -.. 3.3 CorkandBandon . .. 20 .. - - .. 265 .. 23S Week endingllay10. tLondonandXorth-Western55n - - 3 .772 .55' 17 London and South-Western- 3-A. 11,l3. 4,205. 15,748 1tf.rg I Mnchester, Sheffield, and LIhtcolnbhiro . .. ....-. - 11 023 9,545 Great Luxembourg.. .. 34 . - ... - 633 BelfastandCountyDowln - .. - .. - .. 200 .. 267 Exclusive of traffc due under agreement with the London anm l7ori'h-WVestern Railway Company t Exclusive of the trallie of the udderafield Canal Shropahire Union. Koeth Union, Preston and Wyre, South Jnnction, Manahc& ter and Buxton, and Butlkinrhmznhire Xaflwaiu t Incduding half of the Mnnchester, South Junction, and Altrincham receipts, Grimsbylock dutise. &, and Chesterleld Canal receiptL
LONDON, THURSDAY, MAY 22, 1856. In the House of Commons yesterday, Mr. CHLD, in moving the second reading of the Advowsonx Bi}ll stated that it wsas merely an enabling1 not a compulsory, measure, its objects being tenablepa;trons to dispose of advowsons held in trust,foreertain purposes, and to borrow money from the governors of Queen A?.;'s Bounty and other 130dies. The motion was seconded by MIr. KENDALL. and the bill was read a second time. 3Mr. PACi;E moved the second. reading of his Church-rates Bill, which recognized the expediency Of -bolishing church-rates made for the support of the "-services" of the church, restricted them to the following purposes,-the maintenance and repaiTs of the fabric of the church, or the supply and renewal of its necessary fittings. Having given, at some length, a history of the protracted litigation on the subject of church-rates, in the several Braintree cases, andaacriticismof SirW. CLAY'sbrn,as amended by the Government, he contended that his billvwent inone respect;further than its competitor, inasmuch agit alolved every manfromthepayment of ratesto-wards the services of the Ohurch,-the retelntion of ralsea for sustaining the fabric being, he said, indispensable to -save churches from tumbling into dust,-and that it followed the recwmendalions of a commios31n. Sir W. CLAY, after justifying his adoption of the amendments of his bill proposed by the Government, and which were not, in his opinion, alien to its priciple, observed that the Hovse had already recognized a principle directly opposed to that of Mr. PACxn'S bill, which, instead of abolishing, would prolong church-rates. He moved to defer the second reading for six months. After some remarks by Mr. RADFD in Opposition to the bin, I Sir G. GREY observed that he need scarcely say that he could not assent to the second reading of a bill which departed so widely from that of Sir W. CLAY, and wvich, while it admitted the principle of I abolition, proposed to enforce church-rates for repairs and fittings by means farmiore stringentthan existed at present. Sir J. PAIN-GTON suggested to Mr. PACKE whether he was doing justice to his own views by pressing his bill at a time when another measure upon the subject was'pending, which would prevent his measure from having a chance of a fair discussion. MIr. PAC}E adopted tnis advice, and withdrew his motion. The House then went into committee upon the Justices of the Peace Qualification Bill, but before all the clauses were agreed to the Chairnman, upon a division, was voted out of the chair. The report of the Committee of Ways and Means was.brought up and agreed to. lord DuicAN, in the absence of the Loan-ADvoc-rE, obtained leave to bring in a bill to make provision for the appointment of additional officers under the Board of Supervision in Scotland. The House adjourned at five minutes before 4 o'clock.
If anybody wants to know how it comes to pass that nothing is done in the ponderous and costly machine of the Imperial Parliament, he wvll find that subject most ably discussed in the Commons on Tuesday. The Circunilocution-office, though, inhappily, too well founded in fact, is the brilliant conception of one imagination; the Circumlocution Parlianient is a sober reality, described by a number of businesslike men, who are aU the better autlhorities on the subject inasmuch as they contribute to make it what it is. Every one of them might have said, as he spoke of the general battling and mutual slaug,hter of bils, "Qziornvpars ".nagna fti." The member for leominster, tow%-ards the end of Mlay, when there remain only two months for all the stages of a bill through two Houses particularly at issue on the subject, introduces a measure involving the profoundest constitutional questions. In England there is scarcely a house which is not divided against itself on the relations of Church and State, and that is the precise question which Mr. J. G. PILrnxoioL proposes to settle out of hand in the course of the next two months. The member for Sheffield, at sight of the sweet bantling as it smiles in M1. PH=LIMORE'S arms, is painfully reminded of the multitude that have appeared before, only to perish or to disappear. "Where are all tiose bils re" lating to the ncclesiastical Courts ?" he anxiously inquires. WVe are all at a dead lock. In the coUlts there is an absolute denial of justice. The SOLauITOn-GENRAiL hears the piteous appeal, expresses his sympathy with Mr. HADiEnEm's fond requests, deplores the untimely fate of one promising babe in the other House, and offers the consolation of another bill, which, if it ever pass, will indirectly further M-r. PrsHnmr.ot2s pious intentions. Should the Testamentary Jurisdiction Bill ever become law it will starve out the judicial officers of the Ecclesiastical Courts, and so effect by blockade what has been found impossible by assault. The SoLICIToR-GEiNnAL then dextrously refers Ir. IIDrrD to other quarters for the causes of his disappointment. Mr. FITzRoY has a bill, and there have been numbers of other bills, but hon. members will quarrel and talk, and so no bill passes, andc things must remain as they are till there is a little more unanimity. .and love of business in the House. No doubt, the learned functionary thought he had done the thing rather neatly, vindicating his own labours, anid leaving the House to divide the blame among themselves. We should say, however, from a second perusal of his speech, that he certainly must have forgotten that there was a member present implicated in the blame both in his private and his ex-official capacity, and one who had no particular predilection for the class of measures which formed the subject of MIr. J. G. PE ufltron's, Mr. HinxDus, and Sir R. BxnTWELS common regrets. The member for the University of Oxford bounded into the arena to ask whether anybody was more to blame than Sir R. BETBr himself, and why anybody was in fault, because there was a good deal to talk about, and the House would not pass measures in a hurry. Had he confined himself to defence he would have won the day, but, like many another general, in attempting to follow up his victory he lost it. He attacked everybody,-successive Administrations that brought in bills they did not care about, or affected with equal hypocrisy to encourage private legislation; law officers who brought in bills for the exhibition of their skill; and the partisans of the innumerable schools of British opinion, who each rode in on his own hobby, and combined with everybody else to upset every other. By way of illustrating the practice he described, he rode a-tilt at the project that had caused the debate, intimated that the SoLCiTo1-GNERAL was not very serious in his encouragement, and congratulated him on being spared the certain disaster that awaited him, had the other measure he affected to deeiderate ever come into that House. Instead, then, of lamenting, with his predecessors in the debate, that nothing was done, he complained that so much and so many things were imprudently or dishonestly attempted, when the authors would not put their strength into their own measures. Such a speech, like the famous charge of Balaklava, only carried Air. GLADSTONE into a general cross-fire, and gave Lord PALMERSTON one of those opportunities which he knows best of all men how to use. So up rose the lively PREmunu, pointing out fr. GLrsSToNio S verbal exaggerations, defending everybody, the House of Commons, Governments, law officers, private members, and whomsoever might happen to be smarting under Mr. GL.DsTo.-'s corrosive oratory. For our own part, speaking in belhalf of' the public business and most needful reforms, we hardly know where in the House to find most hope or least discouragement. When the result is so absolutely nothing, it is equally unassuring to be told that everybody is wrong, or that everybody is right, or that it is not a matter of right or wrong, bit of pure political instinct, each person doing that which is right in his own eyes. There is hardly a gleam of hope in any of the remarks, ingenious as they are, made on this occasion. Mr. GLADSTONE, indeed, lets us know very plainly that in his opinion nothing can be done, and nothing will be done, till Parliament gets its steam up. At present, like a spare locomotive, it is merely fizzing away in a corner of the station, loud enough to frighten the ladies, but on that account perfectly harmless. Nobody is in earest-that is, nobody of any account; for there are reformers and adventurers whom the real politicians take up and lay down as suits their convenience. If so, we must wait the arrival of the long-expected " earnest" statesman and real reformer wlho won't be put off in this fashion. But waiting is very weary worlk, and while we wait other powers in the nation may rise and strengthen, and give us an over-dose of the pressure which MIr. GLADSTONE thinks requisite to set us agoing. It is very clear to ux that, on the whole, this is not a do-nothing nation. Looking back a whole century, we cannot recall a period of any length in which there was not some considerable reform; and it is rather remarkable that the longer the reform was delayed, and the more it originated in the people, the more radical it was. We suspect it will prove so in this instance. lfr. GLADSTON-E may be quite right in believing that very little good will be done by simply transferring certain appointments from the Bishops to the LoRD CnAcyLort. He is certainly right in thinking a Chancellor with 3,0001. a-year, and a staff of registrars, c!erks, secretaries, and other officers, rather an excessive establishment for a cause and a half per annum; but he does not tell us how to put the discipline of the Church on a regular footing. He uses words in a very unusual sense when he tells us that the present judges are ecclesiastical, while the nominees of the LoRD CHEIACELLOa, fron the same class of men, and to the same office, would be only temporal. The patron cannot make that difference, though it is possible the legal patron might choose a clever lawyer, while the ecclesiastical patron would think his responsibility discharged by the appointment of a good fellow or a respectable relative. But, While Mr. GLADSTO-NE attacks freely everything that is suggested, he does not for a moment dispute that we are in a bad way at present. Such a line makes him the genuine member of a " Circumlocution" Parliament, and he wmill some day find himself by the side of the BARNACLES, in a niche of the same conispicuous and decorative character.
If two persons enter into a contract the consideration for which is their mutual performance of its conditions no law could be more urjust or unfair than one which should enable one party at once to free himself from the broken engagement, but which gave no similar relief to the other under similar circumstances. In tne contract of marriage husband and wife take the same vows and come under the same obligations. We do not speak of the moral guilt of a breach of the contract on which they have entered, or of its importance to themselves and to society, but, regarded as a private injury, as a breach of a solemn engagement, it seems impossible to draw any valid distinction between the claim of the woman against the man and the man against the woman for a redress of the injury suffered. The amount of the injury is not indeed equal; it may| and must vary in each individual case. All we contend for is, that in either case it gives a right to redress and satisfaction, from whichever side that injury may come. This seems to be the doctrine of our ecclesiastical courts, which grant a separation as readily to the injured wife as to the wronged husband; but it is not the doctrine of that tribunal which has alone the power of untying the knot of matrimony and restoring the parties in the violated contract to their original freedom. It seems scarcely credible that the LORD CHAINc=oit, when introducing a bill into the House of Lords for the purpose of correcting the injustice and anomaly of the existing law of divorce, could find no better course than to leave that law in full possession of its present gross and undeniable absurdities. We are to have a Court to which is to be transferred the jurisdiction now entertained' by the House of Lords of granting divorces, and the Court is to consist of the Lord Chancellor, the Chief Justice of the Queen's Bench, and a Judge of an ecclesiastical court. This tribunal is, subject to an appeal to the House of Lords, to decide, if thehusband be thecomplainant, whether thewife has gone astray, but to renounce all powver of deciding where the wife appears as a complainant, unless the offence of incest be added to that of adultery. There is another flagrant grievance arising out of the state of our law which this bill also leaves utterly unredressed. The law of husband and wife in England is based on the fiction that they make up between them but one person, *the existence of the womau being to all intents and for all purposes utterly absorbed and swallowed up in that of the man. This principle, which seems to have arisen from the determination to treat a mere metaphysical expression as if it were actually true, has been followed out by the ingenuity of our lawyers to every absurdity which can be deduced from it, and has probably led, as we have already noticed, to the unfair distinction in the matter of divorce; but it is still more fatal when applied to questions of property as between hus- band and wife. The latter has no property at I all. Her husband may be cruel, unfaithful, or a convicted felon, yet she can neither cease to bei his wife nor exercise any power as against him over legacies which may be bequeathed to her, or money which by her own talents or industry she may have acquired for herself. She perils her all in one venture, and if that venture fail the law is at pains to render the loss as complete and irretrievable-the misery as bitter, as hopeless, and as degrading, as possible. This grievance, also, the CHANcFLoR's bill does not attempt to remedy. These are serious defects; but still, so intolerable is the present state of things, that we were prepared to accept even this bill as some instalment of a long delayed and only tardily and partiaLly recognized debt of justice. Once possessed of a satisfactory tribunal, it would be comparatively easy to modify the substantive law in accordance with the dictates of justice and sound policy; and therefore, although we are almost ashamed to confess it, could the measure of the CnAcrNon have been passed speedily and without contest, we should have been content to welcome it as an improvement, though by no means a settlement, of the matrimonial question. This, however, is not to be. The defects of the bill did not escape the acateness of Lord LyxDwURST, and, having pointed them out in his usual clear and masterly manner, LIord Lxn'wtnRST moves to refer the whole question to a select committee, and ~we must postpone all hopes of reform until that committee favour us with the results of its deliberations. It may be that Lord LyinnunsT is actuated by a real desire to put this portion of the law upon a satisfactory footing. It may also be that he is playing off in this instance the haokneyed and ordinary tactics of a man who is seeking to delay a change which he well knows to be inevitable. We are bound in all fairness and candour to take for granted that the professions with which the proposition is accompanied are genuine and sincere, and to believe that Lord LYNDHURST really contemplates the placing of the law of husband and wife once for all on a durable and creditable basis. It is a task which might rouse the ambition of a man even so full of years and honours as the veteran ex-Chancellor iimself. To do away with the crying injustice and inequality of the law, to give to the poor the same remedies as the rich, and to work this out through simple rules and cheap but efficient ma- chinery, would be a noble task, and a worthy andaI honourable close to a long life spent in the public service. WVe tlust that the House of Lords is about to deal with this question in a very different spirit from that which they have evinced when it has been heretofore brouglht before tlhem. Instead of vain and quibbling disquisitions to prove that laws which revolt the conscience of every man of ordinary sense and feeling are well adapted to civilized society, and prevent vice by rendering an escape from it impossible,-instead of justifications of the odious law which allows the husband anc the seducer to assess the value of a wife in a court of justice without admitting her to urge a single word in her own defence, let us for once have a measure founded on plain and intelligible principles, casting aside the overstrained and barbarous maxims of our ancient jurisprudence, and substituting for themthose clear principles of morality and justice which alone can rescue this most important subject from endless I difficulty and complication. There is yet time to do this in the present session-let us hope that the opportunity will not be lost.
A gentleman of great fortune and benevolence used to say that he spent 2001. a-year in keeping at peace with mankind. That was a century ago, and we fear the same amount of pacification would now cost 4001. a-year. Everybody whose position brings him into contact with the working, the struggling, the discontented, the ambitious, or the dishonest classes, finds demands made upon him which, in the reckoning of comfort, it does not pay to scrutinize. The practice hardly admits of an universal application, for it is not everybody who has 2001. a-year to spend in bribing off nuisances and compounding with extortion. The good gentleman's law, however, is precisely that which the Britisl Legislature, representing chiefly the wealth and benevolence of the nation, has adopted in its dealings with the poorer sort,that is, with the great mass of the people. At this moment every man with 1001. a-year is paying, as the CHNc:arLoR of the EXCHEQUER reminds us, and will pay for two years more, 41. 15s. 10d., " for keeping at peace with mankind." Every man with 1,0001. a-year will pay 061. lGs. 4d.; and every man with 2,0001.-a-year 1331. 12s. Sd. The peace this particular money goes for is not only the peace with Russia, for we purchase peace within our borders as well as without, and that we do by means of a special tax,-a tax upon being at all better off than our neighbours. The smockfrocks and fustian jackets, the " roughs," as they are now called, the people whose Sunday costume, Slnday occupation, and Sunday whereabouts, are now such interesting topics of inquiry, were very troublesomie some years back. In the days of ELDoN and SIDmIourn they were supposed to be always conspiring against somebody or something, and we slept, as we thought, on the edge of a precipice. They aspired to have a voice in political matters, were ill-represented, Ml-used, and accordingly illnatured, and ill every way. It was the "many-headed monster" that nothing could mollify or subdue. At length PEm came, and, acting on the theory of the good gentleman we have alluded to, sopped the British Cerberus with the Income-tax. We are bound to say that it has ever since been a very-quiet beast, and, so far, the ex pedient has had all the success that its authors desired. It has barked, indeed, but like a well-mannered brute, at the queer-looking stranger, and not at its own masters. It barks at the Austrian, at the PoPr, at the Russian ; but ever since it took that sop, and allowed its betters to bear its own burdens, it has licked its master's hand, kept pretty close to the fire, coiled itself on the rug, got fat, and become not quite so interesting a beast as it used to be. The working classes, we are told, though we cannot quite believe it, say to one another, "What are we to rejoice for? What is the "illumination for? It is a peace, but not "much of a peace." And then there were writers who instructed them to demand " pay" ment of the bill." Why, there was not the least occasion for them to make the demand. The bill is paid for them,-not by the Russians, but by the Income-tax payer-at least, the working classes pay but a small portion of the bill. On every article they consume they-are paying now much less than in a time of profound peace a few years ago, -while the higheri and middle classes are paying a tax then obsolete. Out of their incomes, over and above their inevitable share of all other taxation, they are paying 16,000,0001. a-year, and will do so till April 5, 1858. No doubt, on the financial view of the case, it is good for the public weal they should do so; and, as they must pay it, they may as well make a virtue of necessity and pay cheerfully. But for the next two years there will be a continuance of those upper-class privations which the working class will never understand, because they are measured by figues rather above the experience of the working class. But it is a privation to dispense with a governess, or even with a servant, when there are already few enough. It is a privation to keep MIaster Tommy at an indifferent day-school, when his elder brother at the same age was making a figure at a good boarding-school. It is a privation to a whole family of palefaced children, brought up in that genteel, in-doors life, peculiar to the English middle class, not to have a month's " outing" and airing in the country or at the seaside, as they used to have. It is a privation that young Miss can't talk a word of French, is a slovenly performer on the piano, and is totally ignorant of the world, al because, just as the parents had made up their minds to some regular plan of education for her, that very day came the collector to ask for a year's Income-tax. A privation is the denial of a customary want, the violence to an acquired taste, the shock of a prejudice. The thought of degradation, loss of one's first estate, going down in the world-oneself or one's children-is almost -as horrible as the pangs of hunger and thirst. But this thought is the nightmare of thousands upon thousands passing for well-to-do men, and we wiU venture to say it is intimately associated with the idea of an Income-tax at Is. 4d. in the pound. 'The working classes, however, must be aware by this time that they are not the pure gainers by the substitution of direct for indirect taxes that they were supposed to be. The Income-tax is paid out of the fund which has to meet the demands of industry, hospitality, benevolence, and other equally pressing applicants. Most of us live up to our incomes, and when the collector has carried off a chec!k for 501. or 1001. to be spent in gunboats, ammunition, militia, or subsidies, the signer of that check is obliged to contract his expenditure in another direction. He dismisses a servant, or reduces his orders to his tradesmen, or denies himself some ordinary expenditure which contributed to the maintenance of a numerous household. Domestic service is one great resource for the children of the working classes; yet, in spite of the general prosperity, there is a universal complaint as to the difficulty of finding places. No doubt many a good servant out of place is an unconscious fellow-sufferer with the sick and wounded at Scutari and the bereaved at home. No doubt, too, trade has been crippled by this rather serious drain on its savings. Sixteen millions a-year is a very large sum. It is the maintenance of eight liindred thousand persons of the labouring class; and, though a proportion of these persons and their families are only transferred fronm one employment to another, yet wherever there is displacement there is certain to be suffering, and an absolutely unprofitable employmuent is suibstituted for one more or less reproductive. The working classes therefore are paying muach more of the Income-tax than they are aware of. Its incidence may not be easily traced; it may be very irregular; but it is impossible that so artge a sum car be annually withdrawn from the income Df the better classes without v serious efect on the claies in their service or enmploy. They thierefore pay; and if we pay first, and the burden seems to us the heavier, we ought to rejoice in the peace we purchase-after IaU so cheaply-not only abroad, but at bhome.
The evidence of one witness on the trial of Wnzw, PA,mR is of especial interest to the community, and, as any comment upon it can have no effect upon the case, we call attention to it at once. The pecuniary troubles of the prisoner for many months previous to the death of his companion, Coox, are detailed at great length by Mr. TEOm" PiuTr, solicitor, of Queen-street, Mayfair. The history is instructive for those who may at any time feel inclined to begin the seductive practice of borrowing money on their own personal security. It certainly requires no great arithmetical genius to calculate what 1,0001. at 60 per cent., payable monthly, will amount to in a given term of years, nor is there much forethought necessary to show a man that, with the most unceasing and fortunate exertions, he is hardly likely to extricate himself from debt which increases with such terrible rapidity. The evidence of Mr. PRATT is an old tale, and often told,-the first small loan duly repaid, then a larger sum, then the borrower's acceptances, then those presumred to be his mother's, bi'ls renewed, interest payable monthly, threatening letters, entreaties for delay, falsehood, forgery, appropriation of another man's money, and then the final crash. It is worthy of attention in all its naked simplicity. About two years and a half since the acquaint- ance between PArLrmn and Mr. P&T:r began.' PALn&t borrowed 1,0001., -which he repaid. More seems to have been borroweed during the ensuing year from PRATT or other persons, for -when AxniE PATzmR, the prisoner's wife, died, and Mr. PRATT received 8,000l. from the offices on account of the policies on her life, 6,5001. was at once applied in payment of bills due. In April, 1855, Mr. PrATT was again applied to for a loan of 2,0001., on a bill purporting to be accepted by MIrs. SARAH PAL-ERB, and by November last there were eight bills held by Mr. PRATT or his clients, the total amount being 12,5001. "The interest," says the witness, "was paid monthly. With two "exceptions, these biils were discounted at the rate "of 60 per cent." Thus the interest to be paid by PAJEm for money borrowed within seven months was probably upwards of 6,0001. a-year, the income of a leading barrister or physician. If the prisoner had become possessed of an annuity equal to the salary of a Judge or a Minister of State, it must have been swept away yearly during his whole life in merely paying the interest of this temporary " accommodation." No wonder there are soon urgent letters on the part of Mr. PuATT and evasive answers from his client. WATER PALMER is dead,.but, even if the Prince of Wales Insuranceoffice will pay the 13,0001., it cannot be received directly; so Mfr. PRArT writes, " Do pray "think about your three bills so shortly becoming "due. If I do not get a positive appointment "from the office to pay, which I do not expect, " you must be prepared to meet them, as agreed. " You told me your mother was coming up this " month, and would settle them." Again, on the 2d of October, " Bear in mind that you must be " prepared to cover your mother's acceptances due " at the end of the month." On the 18th, " I " send copies of two letters I have received. As "regards the first, it shows how important it is "that you or your mother should prepare for the " payment of the 4,0001. due in a few days." What is the Position, then, of PAL;ER ? He has 4,0001. to pay, and can only pay 2501., and promise 2501. more. " For goodness sake, do not " think of writs. . . . I will get you the "m money, even if I pay 1,0001. for it." The two sums of 2501. seem to have molfied Mr. PRATT for a few days. On the 31st of October he writes -" The 2501. in registered letter duly received " to-day. With it I have been enabled to obtain " consent to the following." And then he tells PAimER that, with the exception of issuing writs against his mother, no proceeding as to service shall be made until the morning of Saturday, the 10th, " when you are to " send up the 1,0001. or 1,5007. Yout ivill be " debited with a month's interest of ihe w7tole 4, 0001. "C outt of the moieny sent up." On the 11th of November PALmrs was not ready with the 1,0001., but he brought 3001., making in all 8001. paid ;-" 2001. eas deductul for interest, leaving; " 6001." Thus, out of the money which PALMER had scraped together in the course of the past month, a fourth, 2001., went as the month's interest of the 4,0001. Of course MIr. PRATT was still pressing for his balance of 3,4001. On the 17th PALIRn is able to send a check for 2001.; on the 19th he pays in 501., and promises 4501., which accordingly was liquidated out of Coox's money. But even then the call was for more. On the very day of CooR's death PALmr. writes, " I will send you the '751. to-morrow." This 751. it afterwards appears was for the renewal of a bill for 1,5001. for one month, being at the same reasonable rate of 60 per cent. On the 24th of November PARL-,. paid as small a sum as 25'. on account of a 2,0001. bill, due a month before. Such are the transactions at this present day between borrower and lender. A man involves hi.nself in debt, of which the interest every eighteen months equals the principal, and another is found to lend him the money, with, we must presume, a knowledge that he has no settled occupation, and that his resources are only derived from the betting-ring, or contingent on what he may inherit from his relatives. These are not transactions between a youth at the University and a wine-merchant acquainted with his prospects. They seem the ordinary dealings between two grown-up men, each of whom has had considerable experience of the world, and especially of that shrewd class with whiich Cool and PAI.mER associated. One man forges his mother's name, and pays 60 per cent. to have the bills renewed; the other takes his 60 per cent., which Mrs. PA.L-n= is supposed to allow her son to pay for the accommodation. It cannot be doubted that, although commercial pursuits are highly honourable, such' a trade as that of Mr. PRATT and his "client3," of whom he "obtains consent" when a bill is to be renewed, is hardly calculated to improve the public morality. The wonder to a reflecting man is, how any one should give way to such madness as to involve himself in meshes from which he must in reason be con- vinced. there is no escape. The sudden pressure of some " debt of honour" leads, probably, to the first application, and, once fairly entangled, there is no escape. One who trusts so much to fortune as the betting man no doubt thinks that the next " event" will bring deliverance from aU his troubles, and first in confidence, and at last in desperation, he continues his terrible course. It may be beyond the power of law to prevent such dealings, but we may certainly say that the man who supplies money to one thus rushing to ruin deserves any loss he may sustain, and that auy. thing whiclh may lessen the gainfulness of his trade will be a benefit to society. PL'vouTr, Wednesday.-The Indemnity, Captain Sayers, with 6,000 ounces of golddust and full cargo of wool, bones, &c., was off Falmouth yesterday afternoon, and landed mail there. She lauded a passenger this morning at Plymouth. The indemnity left Ielbounie February .6, rounded Cape Horn Mfarch 15, and crossed the line on thla t.4 of- Aeprl. On the 13th ipst. spoke ship Arolmibald MacMilan, 20 days from Trin:idad for London,
COUZB' CIBCD:ZAR. OSBORNE, ML&Y 1 Her Xajesty reviewed the regiunents of Militia in garisIon at Portsmouth and Gosport on Southsea-comnon yesterday afternoon. The Queen and Prince, accomnpanid by Pince Atthr, Princess Helena, and Princess Louisa, landed at the King's rtairs from the Royal yacht Fairy at 5 o'clocl, where Vice. Admiral Sir George SeYmour, Major General Breton Sir GeorgeWetherall (Adjutaut-General), Sir Richard Aire (Quartermaster-General of the Forces), and the oicers o the Staff, received Her Majesty, and there two of the Queen's cariages were in waiting to convey thelloyal party to the review gromund. His Royal Highness Prince Albert accompanied Her Majesty on horseback. On arriving on the ground3Her Majesty reviewed the troops, under the command of Major-General Breton. The Royal party re-embarked in the Fairy at lOminates before 7 oeclock, and returnea to Osborne. The Countess of Gainsborough, Lady in Waiting; the Hon. Mary Seymour, the Hon. Emily Cathcart, and the Equerries in Waiting were in attendance. The Rev. G. Prothero had the honour of dining with IHer Majesty. The Duchess of Atholl has succeeded the Countess of Gainsborough as Lady in Waiting. IAdy Gainsborough remains on a viSit. The Queen and Prince, with the Princess Royal and Princess Alice, crossed over to Portsmouth this morning to meet his Royal Hlighness Prince Frederick Williamn ot Prussia, who is expected to arrive on a visit to Her Her Majesty and his Royal Highness were attended by the Duchess of Atholl, the Countess of Gainsborough, Major-General Poaverie, and Captain DaPlat. A deputation from the liberty of Saffron-hill,HattonWarden, and Ely-rents had an interview vith theRight Hon. Sir Beniamin Hall yesterday, at the office of Public Works, WhitehalL The deputation consistea of Mr. B. Swift, LP., the Very Rev. Dr. F. di Brnno, Mr. Guanzi. coEi, Messrs. Clark, Casella, Murray, Johnson, GaUL, Albino, and Stevens (architect). A deputation respecting agricultural statistics, consisting of Sir W.Codrington, NLP., Mr. J. H. Foley !.Ps, mr. R Holland, M.P., JrE. W.P.Price, M.P., Mr. F~in~soe HLP., and Messrs. W. Jones and J. . P;uckld(Glcester). had an interview with the Right Hon. R. we yesterday at the o9fice of the Board of Trade. Sir George Grey, Secretary of State for the Home Department, will gire a State dinner in celebration of the queen's birthday on the 51st inst. at Grillion's Hotel, Albemarle-street.
THE SONS OF THE CLERGY. The 202d festival of the " Sons of the Clergy," 'which was instituted two centuries ago (in 1655), took place yesterday in St. Paul's Cathedral. The object of this charitable association is weeU known. A more admirable one does not exist. For all wmho care about the welfare and prosperity of the church, a corporation for the assistance of indigent clergymen. for pensioning their widows and unmarried daughters, for educating, apprenticing, and outfitting their younger children must have a special interest. It is not, then, surprising that the Corporationx of the Sons of the Clergy should find generous sup. porters among the nobility and wealthier laymen, as well as among prominent members of the clericalprofession. On the contrary, it is a matter of wonderthat ampler patronage should not be tendered by the classes enumerated, so as to provide the means for a somewhat more liberal distr. bution of the funds in the manner specified. This question, nevertheless, and others in connexion with the Sons of the Clergy have been discussed sufficiently often, and we shall not tire our readers by going over the old ground. The annual festival in St. Pauw's Cathedral (followed by the substantial dinner at Merchant Taylors') may be regarded as a sort of reminder to subscribers, and as an in. vitation to the public to associate itself with the aim of the institution. Collections are made at the doors of the Icathedral before and after service, and plates are banded round after dinner. It is stated that assistance is annually afforded to some L,200 persons, and that last year as mmli as 16,0001. was distributed. The applicants, however, are, it appears, so very numerous that the relief granted is seldom adequate to the distress it is intended to relieve. How far this might be remedied by making the institution and its objects more widely known to the public we cannot pretend to say. Still, we think moremight be effected than has hitherto been effected through the medium of the festival, of which, we may safely undertake to assert, the world in general knows little or nothing. The anniversary was oelebrated yesterday, as usual, by a ful choral service-in which'the choirs of Her hlajesty's Chapel Royal, St. Paul's, Westminster Abbey, and St. George's (Windsor) assisted-under the direction of Mr. Goss, organist of St. Paul's Cathedral. The Rev. W. C. F. Weber (minor canon) intoned the prayers, and the Rev. W. J. Hall (minorcanon) read the lessons. The sermon on behalf of the charity was preached by the Rev. J. A. Jeremie, D.D., who took for his text, Palm 41 verse 1-* Blessed, is he that considereth the poor ; the Lord shall deliver him in the time of trouble? Of the musical part of the ceremony, -with the best intentions, vre can really find very little to say beyond the fact that it was extremely well executed, and that the members of the several choirs assembled as 'well as the boys (in all com. bined, about 100) did themselves credit. Dr. Elvey beat tine from the midst of the choir, and Mr. Georoe Cooper (sub-organist of St. Paul's) from the organ loft The music of the suffages was of course, by Tallbs. The anthems after the fxrst and second lessons were both by Attwood (in D), late organist of St. Pa-l's, that following the third collect was " Praise the Lord, 0 Jerusalem." by Dr. W. Hayes (in F), which, 'while in a musical senie of small value, was appropriate to the time, since the words, selected from the 147th Psalm, bore reference to the blessings of peace. The anthems preceding and coming after the sermon were comparatively new to St. Paul's. Dr. G. J. Elvey (of Windsor) being conductor, the compliment was paid him of awardin" to his authem, " In that day" (which-not to be techmical-begins in one key and ends in another) the place of honour. The last position was given to no less a composer than John Sebastian Bach, the latter half of whose well-known anthem in B f[at-" Blessing, glory, wisdom, and thanks" (Lob und Bhrc und WciAeit)-was produced for the occasion. Of all the musical pieces this, being the best, was most entitled to be sung without curtailment; but as a sequel to a long sermon a long anthem is always-and perhaps justly-regarded as out of place. Altogether, however, the musical arrangements and the musical performance were commendable, and did honour to Mr. Goss, 'who superintendedthe whole vwith his accustomed ability and zeal. The order of procession from the Consistory Court tothe choir has frequently been described. Among the most conspicuous personages yesterday were the Duke of Cambridge, and the Archbishop of Canterbury, who occupied a stall immediately contiguous to that of his Royal Highness. The church was not very full; but we understand the attendance was considered to be better than ordinary. The members and friends of the Corporation, to the number of about 150, dined together in the evoning in Merchant Taylors' Hall, Threadneedle-street, under the presidency of the Iord Mayor. The company iRcluded, among others, besides the gentlemen already named, except the Duke of Cambridge,-the Rev. Dr. Jeremie, the preacher of the day; Lord Berners, the Deau of Windsor, the Hon. and Rev. H. Le, Sir R. P. Glyn, Sir Brook Brydges, Sir Thomas Phillips, Mr. Barrow, MLP., Mr. Mowbray, M.P., Mr. Fresbfield, M1'., the Dean of Connor, the Rev. Canon Jelfe, the Rev. Canon Jennings, Mr. Serjeant Channell, and Mr. Josiah Wilkinson. On the removal of the cloth several toasts appropriate to the occasion were drunk in the course of the evening. The society now assists annually, by pensions and donations, about 1,200 persons, including clergymen, their widows, aged single daughters, an children. To clergymen disabled by age or sickness, or in necessitous circumstances from other causes overwhich they have no control, pecuniary assistnce is afforded, either temporally or periodically. To widows and aged single daughters of deceased clergymenpensionsaregranted,va in amount from 10l. to 35L per annmum - and to aidowsnl:db daughters who may be in temporary difficulty only, donations are made according to circumstances. To children of clergymen donations are grxnted for their education, a prenticeship, and outfit inlife. During the list year 16,00!. have been distributed among these several classes; but so numerous are the applicants for assistance annually that the fundspermitonlyof verylimited,andofteninadequategranta being made. Inthe sameyear217clergymen,including14recxtors, 28 vicars, 59 perpetual carates, and Ul curates were assisted from the fun. of the corporation; the total sum distributed among them being 3,b491. 1,5201. were expended in apprentice fees, 840!. in outfits, and 1,125!. in educational erants at colleges or schools. To 141 widow and. daughter pensioners S30. were dLisbuted in extra doia. tions. The number of widow pensioners is 40J, and of daughter pensioners 308. The total amount of voluntary subscriptions to the funds of the society during the year was stated by Mtr. C. J. Baker, the secretary, to be 10,175L, exclusive of the permanent income from real and personal property. This sum included 1,4S6. collected at the festiv last night and 119!. at the doors of the cathedraL Among the donations were 6,000!. Consols, a legacy left by the late Rev. John Cleathing, of Thorpe Arold, Leicestershire, to be applied in exhibitions, not exceeding 50. per annum, for clergymen's sons preDaring for holy orders1001. from Miss Davis, of Clapham New Park, in honour of a deceased isBter's wish; 1,0001.aom "A Kind Friend" towards increasing the amount of the pensions; 25!. from the Duke of Cambridge, in addition to a former donation; and 30 guineas from the Lord Mayor. Some exoelent vocal mnsic 'was contributed in the course of the evening by Mr. Francis, Mr. Lockey, Mr. Bayley, Mr. Shoubridge, Mr. H. Buckland, and some of the chorister boys from st. Pal's. The dinner was provided by the proprietors of the London Tavern. THE CRYSTAL :PALAc.-.Satlr yay next, the 24th inst., is the day fixed for the first flower show of the present season. The show will be on a scale fully commensurate with that of the building, and quite equalling that of last year. In Asomerespects the displ?a will probably be more brilliant thi n that of !5, as itt ssil be concentrated in the main transept and nave.aud not, as before, spread through the long lines of open corridors on the garden front. Applications for space have been received from all thelarge growers of flowers and fruit, and the show of fruit, especially, is likely to be very extraordinary. The Royal 2Yational Tutip Society will make a brilliant appeanance. The fountains M'wil play in the afternoon, and tbe band of the 1st -Life fxvards will be in attendanoe.,
DEATH ro IiNHLING COAmoxic Acm GAs.- On Tuesday Mr. T. Badger, coroner, held an inquest at his office, Bank-street, Sheffield, on view of the body of Tames fil, labourer, of Attercliffe, aged 45 years, who died suddenly in a brewery on Sunday. Deceased, as wAs his habit, left home between 6 and 7 o'clock on Sunday morning, and m3e aelong malk into the country without partaldn of any. refreslument. As he wasreturninghome, aoout 1 o'clock, he caledat the 1TorfolkBrewery,Sheffield, and,havingformerly been employed in a brewery, was permitted by a workman namedJohnBrackenbury,w horahLewtolookroundlarge square troughs, with a hole in tne bottom, are placed over the liquor-vats to receive the yeast as it rises from tlhe fermnenting liquor; and while Bxlseenbur was stirring the yeast in one of- these " barm-sqnares," as they ae called, Steel bent over the square and remarked that the liquor nclt very nice. He instantly fell forard,, with his head over the square, and, although his face did not touch the yeast, when raised up immediately afterwards by Bracken bury and another workman he was quite dead. A I)ost 7nortem exanmnation of the body wars nmade on Tuesday by SNfeshr. TinlEey, Favell, andBRoper, surgeons of Sheffield The surgeons found that Steel was at the time of his death suffering from disease of the heart, aud were of opinion that death had resulted from the inhalation of carbonic acid gas generated by the fermenting liquor acting upon the diseased organ and stopping its pulsation. Dr. Christison's work on poisonous gases was quotedin support of the opinion. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony. BRLSTOL SUGAx.-IaRxllr, Wednesday, 3May 21.- Mi'here has been good demand from both grocers and reSners Ieince our last report, and nearly everything offering hes been sold at full prioes. To-day the mnark-et l fvefry , i and businesa is only checlkd by the insufficient
FORBIGN INTELLIGBNCE. [A portion of the foUowingappeared in our second edition of yeerday:-I THEE EAST. (BY SUB5,rA11 AN-D BRMSH TELEGPA 1H.) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our vIarseiUes correspondent "MARSEILLES, WED,ESDAY, MAY 21, 7.3ri .A.SL "The Euphrate has arrived with advices from Constantinople of the 12th, and from the Crimea of the loth inst. ":Despatches leave at 9 a.m. "The English steamers City of Manchester and Vigo, and the transports Sumroo and Titan, have .xrived with troops from the Crimea." A second despatch from our correspondent, dated Wednesday, May 21, 9.o5 a.m., says:- "The Simois, which left Constantinople on the 8th, and which met 'with an accident, has come in. "The despatches which she brought left at 9 a.m. "Advices from Sebastopol of the 6th state that the 17th, 62cl, and 63d Regiments had embarked."
FRANCE. (toM our. oWN co1zo"1EN.) PAM,5 TUESDAY, AWAY 2U, 6 P.M. Prince Oscar of Sweden arrived in Paris yesterday afternoon, about half-past 5, by the Northemn Railway. Marshal Vaillant and severai of the superior officers of the Imperial Household were at the terminus to receive him, and his Royal Highness proceeded at oncein one of the Court carriages to the Palace of St. Cloud. The Prince is grandson of the late King Bernadotte, and the third born son of the five children the issue of the marriage of King Oscar I. (Joseph Francis) with the Princess Josephine Maximilienne IAugenia, daughter of Prince EugNne de Leuchtenberg and the Princess Amelia of Bavaria. It is the mother of this Prince, the present Queen of Sweden, who is tfhe godmother of the PrinceImperial of France. Prince Oscar, Duke of Ostrogotha, captain in the navy, was born on the 21st of January, 1829. His elder brother, the heir presumptive, was born on the 3d of Miay, 1826, and married, on the 19th -of June, 1850, the Princess W'ilhelmina of Orange, born the 5th of August, 1828, daughter of Prince William of the Netherlands. The Archduke Maximilian visited Notre Dame and the Jardin des Plantes on Sunday morning, and returned to St. Cloud about noon, in time to attend Divine service, which was celebrated, in presence of the Emperor and Empress, in the chapel of the chateau by one of the chaplains of His Majesty. The wperor.and^Archduke after breakfastwent inan open carriage to Versailles, but they did not visit the Palace and Museum, having frxed that visit for this day. The Archduke yesterday continued his visits to the principal monuments of the capital, and went to the Louvre, and examined its contents in great detail. In the evening the Prince expressed a desire to dine with his suite in some restaurant of the Palais Royal. Count Bacciocchi, First Chamberlain to the Empefor, ordered the clinner at the Trois Freres'Provencaux, and was invited by the Archduke to partake of it. In the evening the Prince went to the Grand Opera, where the Corsaire was perfc.rmed. This day a grand review takes place on the Plain of Satory, nearVersailles, in honour of the Imperial and Royal guests of the Emperor. When the last great military spectacles were represented on the same spot before the Prince President of the French Republic few imagined that within a few years the same President, transformed into Emperor, -would have a Prince of the Imperial House of Hapsburg riding in his train. St. Cloud will present a series of fetes for some days to come,-to-morrow a concert, and Thursday a ball, at wvhich the rigidity of Court etiquette will, it is said, be somewhat relaxed, and uniform or Couirt dress -will not be requlired. I have already communicated some extracts from the second volume of the Baron de Bazancourt's Work on the war in the Crimea. This performance has given rise to certain criticisms, which, according to the friends of M. de Bazancourt, originate in a mistaken view of its object. These friends state that he was sent on an official mission to the Crimea by the French Government, in order to wvrite the history of the expedition. He was accredited to the General-in- Clief of the French army, and consequently could only occupy himself with the acts of that army, as he had no relation to and no authority at the head-quarters of the English General. His work, in point of fact, is but the recital of what the French army did diuring the siege of Sebastopol, and there is no mention of the English army except where it actually participated in affairs in the field with the French. M. de Bazancourt's friends maintain that wheneverhe has had to speak of the E3nglish he has never failed to do justice to their intrepidity. They declare that those who profess to see anything like a decided feeling in his work against the English have utterly misconceived his design and meanin g, and that such an idea never entered the mind of the author. I have not yet read the second part of 1. de Bazancourt's work, which closes with the treaty of peace of the 30th of Miarch; I merely repeat what is stated, perhaps on his own assurances, byhis friends. The Moniteirr publishes the returns of the principal merchandise imported into France, together with the Cu stoms' duties levied thereon, during the first four months of 1856. The latter amounted to 52,587,2T3f., showing a decrease, as compared with the receipts of the corresponding period of 1855, of 1,247,533f., and an increase of 11,376,179f, over 1854. The receipts of the month of April, 1856, were 14,039,172f., or upwards of 1,400,000f. less than in April, 1855. The salt-tax produced, down to the 1st instant, 10,105,52Sf., or 1,030,000f. more tllan last year. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 75f. 55c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f. 40c.; and the new Loan at 76f. 80c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,485f.; Great Northern, 1,160f.; Strasburg, 1,005f.; new shares, 915f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,480f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,700f.; Western of France, 985f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 822f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 730f.; Lyons and Geneva, 812f. 50c.; Bank of Credit 3Iobilier, 1,977f. 50c. ; Austrian railways, 953f. 75c. Ceurs Aldhentifc.-PARis, May 20.-Cash Prices.- Fonr-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for ten years), 94f.; Thrce per Cents., 75. 35c. 30c. 20c.; ditto, zecond Loan of 18.55 (55 per cent, paid, 756. 50,- ditto, Certificates (55 per cent. paid), 75f. 50c.; Bank of France, 4,000.; Credit Foncier, 700f. 695f. exdiv.; ditto, Obligations of 500', Four per Cents., 435f.; ditto, Tenths, Three per Cents., S7f. 0c. ; Prom. Obligations of 1,aa, Three per Cents., 930r.; Credit MAob5lier, 1,9SOf. 1,97Sf 1,970f. 1,977. 50c.; Discount Bank, 700f. 695f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 94f.; Austrian- Five per Cents., 92; Belgian Fottr.and-s.Hslf per Cents., 97- *ditto Three per Cents., 73;* Rente de Naples (rsotbschild's4, 113; Romans, 92; Spanish Deferred Converted Debt, 23 25o; ditto Passives, 7; ditto Three per Cents., 45 45.; ditto Ln^t tenror Debt, 41 41j a~ Q 42. Exchange on London, threo month.,, paper, 24f'. 013c.; money, 2Sf. PRIUSSIA. (FROM OUR. OWN CORuRSoONDRNT.) BERLIN, MAY 19. The frequenters of the Exchange here have been no little excited to-day by the police having sunmmnoned all the sworn brokers of the commercial body of Berlin to submit to an examination with reference to their having transacted business in the shares of foreign banks. I have already had occasion to mention to you that, among other measures of restriction and repression, the Government had, as a settled principle, always opposed the establishment of private banks in Prussia, and that, in consequence, Prussian capital was being now abundantly employed in the establishment of banks in every State conterminous with or contiguous to Prassia. For the purpose of putting down this attempt of capital to evade the restrictions of the laws, the Mlinister of Commerce some months back forbade all traffic in the shares of any non-Prussian enterprise in which the shares were not fuilly paid up. This regulation has been all but without result; the various companies or enterprises that were here aimned at immediately issued fresh shares of lowelr amo-nt than the original nominal figure, corresponding to the amount already paid up, so as o bring them within the pale of Prussian restrictin. The prohibition of the sworn brokers to mssue any quotation of the prices of business done mi these prohibited articles has been also met by private individuals publishing the Prices, Do that the only gain has been that the public loses itsguarantee of the correctness of the quotations. Eod only is the Minister of Comro=erce at continual war now with the commercial world,S whose dealings he desires to control and drill according to certain well meant views of his own, but also the Govern- ment Board of Works is involved in a dreary feud a ivth the commercial body with reference to the building in which the Exchange is held. This buildinc ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ hed.isi wuiching i3 totally inadequate to the purpose to it iapplied, ad the commercial body is intent upon having a better and larger one built; but, as it stands at the corner Of the Lustgarten, iimmediately contiguous to the Palace, the Museum, and the Cathedral, the Government is determined it shall not be rebuilt on the same site, the more so as the space it stands on is reauired for the erection of a Royal mausoleum, in connexion with the new cathedral that is projected. But a suitable site for an Exchange, apart from the present one, is very difficult to be found, and consequently an offer of 100,000 thalers made by the Government to the merchants, &c., to facilitate the erection of a fresh Bourse elsewhere, meets with no application, and the only way the elders of the commercial body find of getting over the difficulty is to remain where they are and put up with the inconvenience. This state of things will probably last until the building becomes positively unsafe as well as inconvenient, or the police perpetrate a cozup cVetat by closing it prematurely. Owing to a delay that has- taken place in the movements of the Dowager-Empress of Russia, who has found reason to make some stay at Dianaborg, the King did not leave here yesterday for the frontier, as was intended when I last mentioned this subject; the present arrangement is, that he should leave here this afternoon and proceed to Stettin for the night, to-morrow go on to Bromberg, and the jollowing day to Konigsberg. It will not be till after the arrival of the Empress here that the Court will remove from Charlottenburg to Potsdam. Part of the Empress's suite and baggage has already arrived at the latter place, and from among the former the stalwart, almost gigantic, forms of her chairbearers seem greatly to astonish the natives. The affair of Herr von Rochow, and his trial for duelling, has for some time past been removed from the ken of the public; according to military usage, Herr von Rochow had to be tried by officers of the army corps to which he belongs, viz., the 3d. The nearest place where a portion of this army corps is stationed under the command of a LieutenantColonel, as the form requires, is Frankfort-on-the Oder, and here the trial has been held. The verdict of this court-martial was duly forwarded to the General Auditor, and by him, after careful consideration, laid before the King; what the sentence is, or whether the King has confirmed it, is not yet published; but, according to what I hear, the Ring has confirmed it, and the sentence itmelf is five years' confinement in a fortress. Herr von Marwitz, the umpire, is acquittedI, in consequence of his proving that he used every possible means to bring about a reconciliation between the two adversaries. From the circumstance that the same grounds were manifestly in favour of Herr von Miinchhausen, Hinkeldey's second, the public prosecutor refrained from taking any proceedings against him. The attempt to bring Hinheldey's second in comnand of the police, Colonel Patzke, to trial, for having been accessory to the duel before the fact, meets with an unusual amount of dificulties. The Stadtgericht has pronounced itself incompetent to try him because he is a Landwehr oflicer, and turns the matter over to the military authorities. They declare themselves incompetent, and return the papers to the Stadtgericht, which accordingly applies to the next superior Court, the Kammergericht. This latter at length has found that there are grounds for a prosecution against him, not for being accessory to the duel, but for beirg privy to it, and not taking every means, in his power to prevent it. THE IONILN ISLANDS. The Gfovernment Gazette amnounces that1 the Queen has created Knights Commanders of the Order of St. Michael and St. George Sir Peter Braila, President of the Legislative Assembly, and Sir George Fergu,son Bowen, Secretary to the Lord Ilgh Commissioner. The new knights were invested with the insignia of the Order at the Palace of Corfu on the 10th inst., by the Lord High Commissioner, empowered to act for Her MIajesty on this occasion by a warrant under the Privy Seal. Letters from Corfu state that the olive crop has been abundant during the last season; and that it is expected that the use of sulphur will remove the disease which has blighted the currant vines in Zante and Cephalonia for the last four years. The islands are perfectly tranquil, and their commerce and trade are reviving after the depression caused by the war and the failure of the crops. The 1st Lancashire iBlitia have been recalled to England, which leaves the garrison composed of five regimenits of English militia and three companies of Artillery. It is expected that regular troops will shortly arrive from the Crimea, to replace the Militia, whose general good conduct on the station has left nothing to desire.
EAST INDIA-HOUSE. A special general Court of this Company was held yesterday at theirhouse, in Leadenhall-street, to confirm or otherwise the resolution which was passed by the Court of Proprietors on the 14th inst. for granting a pension of 5,0001. a- year out of the revenues of the Company to the Marquis of Dalhousie, as a mark of their deep sense of the great ability integrity, zeal, and untired energy displayed by that distinguished nobleman in aUl departments of the Governm,ent during his tenrer of of lice as Governor-Genera 1 of India,Colonel Sykes, Chairman of the Court of Directors, in the chair. The minutes of the last Court having been read, The CHxu.iAs informed the Court that it had been specially summoned for the purpose of submitting to the proprietors for their approbation a resolution agreed to by the Court on the 14th inst. for grantig to the Marquis of DaLhousie a pension of 5,0001. a-year on thegrounds therein stated, and he now moved that the Court do confirm that resolution. Mr. D. R. MASGIES, Deputy-Chairman, seconded the motion. Mr. Twm-rsG was anxious to express his hearty concurrence in the resolution. Of all the resolutions of a similar character,-and he had known many-he never knewr of one which had stronger claimx on the Company than the Present. Considering the position of a Governor-General of India to be one of the most difficult and important that came 'within the reach of any appointment that could be made by the East India Company, it was a great satisfaction to see a person who had been appointed to that vast undertaking quit his post with the warm approbation of those who appointed him. Nobody who contemplated and examined the acts of Lord Dalhousie could fail to find that he had left India in a most advanced state. A new era, as it were, had sprung up, and the present Governor-General would find his path smoothed by the acts of his predecessor, and he hoped that that noble Lord would carry out aU those measures which had for their object the h nd rosperity of the people of India. did not think that the rule of Lord Dalhousie had added to the stability or the general content of our empire in India. He believed that the native princes of India were al ready to combine against the British rule. It was well known in India that our rule was opposed by every native prince. The principle of the British Government being to grasp all India, and that principle being known to the inhabitants, it was- most natural that they should be opposed to it. The right hon. baronet (Sir J. Hogg) had drawn a comparison between this pension to Lord Dalhousie and the pensions received by the civil servants of India ; but there existed the greatest possible distinction between the two descriptions of pension. The civil servant received only a uwrtion of his salary during his services, the remainder of which was laid by to form a fund out of which he should be paid an annuity during his life, in order that he might not become a chargo upn the annual revenue of India. But this grant of 5,0001. a-year to Lord Dalhousie was, in fact, a gratuity. No two things, therefore, could be more dissimilar. After some further observations, the hon. gentleman concluded by moving, as an amendment, the following resolution:- " That it is premature to vote asum of money out of the territorial revenues of India, while we are unassured that they wil yield a surplus capable of providing for it. Equally so, while we are without the assurance that the moral sense of the Mfarquis of Dalhousie wil permit him to accept a gratuityintheshape of a sum of money drawn from the oorest ryots in the world, the ryots of India." Mr. JONE5 seconded the amendment. The amendment was then put and negatived, and the original motion was canried almost unanimously. The Couart then adjourned.
OPrv-Am PREAC=G.-Preaching in the open air has been recommenced in some of the large towns of Yorkshire by clergymen of the Church of England. The congregations are generally numerous and always attentive, and one of the ministers at Leeds reports that larger congregations have been observed at his church on the Sunday evenings after Divine service has beencelebrated in the open air. The Dissenters are bestirring themselves in imitation of this example. At. a meeting of the principal members of the Wesleyan-Society, held at Idncoln, it was resolved that a series of open-air preachings should be commenced in the more destitute localities of the city, and that the services should be continued in the wvinter evenings in cottages, or other convenient places, so as to bring all the poor, if possible, under the sound of the GospeL. CIVIL SRVICm SuP uAT ION.-We are requested to state that the two actuaries selected to be consulted on the whole evidence are 3L-, Mogan, of the Eq13itable, and Mr. Ansell, of tl;e Atlaz
THE--SOULD DUES.. The following is the protocol of the Danish proposition for the redemption of the Sound Dues, to which the Governments of Russia, of Swveden, and of the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg have given their adhesion :- " The Government of His Majesty the Emperor of All the Ruselas and of His Majesty the King of Sweden and Norway having adhered to the propositions made by the Government of His Maisty the King of Denmark- relative to the redemption by purchase of the Sound and Belt Dues, the delegates of their said Majesties, as also the delegate of Denmark, in the negotiation on the dues have agreed to make a declaration by the present protocol of the different points arrived at by that negotiation, " Although the Govermment of His Royal Higiness the Grand Duke of Oldenburg has also adhered to the said propositions, the delegate of His Royal Highness in the negotiation on the dues could not take part in this act, being absent from Copenhagen. " The delegate of His Danish Majesty, in recapitulating the propositions which he made in the Conferences of the' 4th of January and the 2d of Februay of the present year, states them as folows: "1 Denmark renounces the Sound and Belt Dues in consideration for a compensation of 35,000,000 of rix-dolars (rigsnynt) on the following conditions:- "'a. The purchase sha31include all the Powers interested in the commerce and navigation of the Sound and of the Belts. That the abolition of the dues may become obli-. gatory the purclase must be agreed to by all the Powers represented in the present negotiation, Denmark reserving to itself to treat separately with Powers not represented. "I' I. The said sum of 35,000,000 rix dollars shall be considered as compensation for dues on shipping as well as on cargoes. lThe dues on shipping to be regulated according to flag; the dues on cargoes to be divided by one-half on imported and the other half on exported merchandise by the Sound or the Belts.' "The payment of the quota which, according to table N. B., presented in the Conference of the 2d of February,. will fall to the lot of each Power represented will be assured to Demnark in such manner as will seem to it satisfactory. " In the Conference held on the 4th of January last were present the delegates of Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Spain, France, Great Britain, the Netherlands, Prussia, Russia, and of Sweden and Norway. " At the Conference of the 2d of February, in addition to the abovenamed delegates, the delegate of His Royal Highness the Grand Duke of Oldenburg was present. " The delegate of His Danish Majesty repeats the declar-ation already made by him in the Conference of the 2d of February, that, according to the precise orders of his Go. vermnent, the sum indicated above is the gnini7nutM of the. indemnity which Denmark thinks she has a right to ask for the abolition of the dues. " Conformably to the principles proposed for the division of the eventual indemnity the quota for which the different Powers represented in the present negotiation shall contribute to the said sum of 35,000,000 rix-dollars are:- Dir-dollars. For Denmark .. .. 1,122,078 3-21 per cent, of 35,000,Wo For Austria .. . 29,434 O OS Formelgium . .. 301,455 086 For Spain .. .. 1,020,016 2-91 , For France .. .. 1,219,003 348 , For Great sritain .1. 0,126,855 28S93 For Norway ,. .. 657,=25 1-91 For Oldenburg . .. 28127 0,08 For the Netherlands . . 1.400,0 4 02 ,, For Prussia .. 4,440,027 12 69 For Rusia .. 9,739,993 27-83 For Sweden .. 1,590,503 4-55 ,. Total.. .. Z1,692,716 "The remaining sum of 3,307,224 rix-dollars falls to the c*harge of the Powers not represented in the present nego. tiation, inasmuch as it was able to specify those Powers in table N.B. " The delegate of Denmark declares, as expressly understood, that the Governments adhering to the propositions which he has made shall only be eventually responsible for the quotum faDing to the charge of each of them, as in the division indicated above. "' The delegate of His Majesty the Emperor of All the Russias renews the adhesion of the Imperial Cabinet already expressed by him in the Conference of the 2d of February, as well as regards the principle of the redemption as the mode of division proposed by the Danish Government. " The delegate of the Emperor at the same time declares that the Imperial Cabinet consents to contribute to the redemption of the Sound Dues for the quotum faUing to the charge of Russia according to the above indicated division, provided always 'that all the Powers represented in the present negotiation consent also on their parb to the same conditions for the redemption of the Sound Daes.' " The delegate of Denmark accepts this reserve, declaring it to be conformable to the views of his own Government. " The delegate of His Majesty theo Kig of Sweden and Norway declares that his Government accepts the proposi. tions of the Danish Government, as well as regards the principle of redemption as the amount of indemnity claimea byDenmark. " The delegates of Russia and of Sweden and Norway point out to observation that the mode of payment of the different quota must be the subject of a special negotiation between Denmark on the one hand and each of the contracting Powers on the other, reserving it therefore for a private agreement to fLc the method and term of payment of the quota faling respectively to the charge of Russia and of Sweden and Norway. - " The delegate of Denmark adheres to this observation. " Finally, the same delegate having pointed out that the present negotiation is temporarily stopped in consequence of a difference of opinion which has arisen between the Danish Government and that of Her Britannic Majesty, that, consequently, the labours of the Conference on the dues might remain a long time in suspense, the length of which itis impossible to fix, the delegate of Russia declares, 'That the adhesion of the Imperial Government to the Danish propositions, as defined above, shall remain in full force until such time as the Copenhagen Cabinet itself shall declare the negotiation broken off, and shall withdraw the propositions it has made.' " The delegate of Denmark having expressed the satisfaction withwhich he takesnote of this declaration, andthe delegate of Sweden and Norway having declared that he was convinced he would be authorized to make a similar decla ra-tion as soon as he should have received the instructions which, the case not having been foreseen, could not have been given to him before, the present delegates agree to leave the protocol open for the eventual adhesion of the other Governments treating with Denmark for a final settlement of the Sound and Belt question. "Done at Copenhagen, May 9, 1856. " BLURME, " TENGOBORSKl, LAGERHEIb.
DISTURBANCES AT ST. BAR.4VABAS. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-If it were not for the effect which such reports produce in the country, I should not trouble you to contradict a paragraph in the papers, to which my attention has just been drawn, respecting alleged disturbances here on Trinity Sunday. It is said that a "Mr. Collett, late M.P.," with some "60 opponents to the form of worship adopted at St. Barnabas," created disturbances " during the service," by which " the congregation was considerably excited." The fact is simply this :-A very few persons, about 20, organized, it appears, for the purpose, and some of them paid, presented themselves at this church on Sunday last, to disturb the worship of the ordinary earnest and devout congregation. They completely failed. The hearty vigorous way in which the congregation are wont to respond was too much for them. Their feeble discord was as abortive as it was profane. One gentleman, who may be this " Mr. Collett," or not, was con;picuous over the rest, and attempted to force his way into the places appropriated for the clergy and choir, and was as immediately removed, to the disturbance of no one, but to the entire discomfiture of himself. I beg to say no one was excited in the least degree, nor did any interruption to the usual order of divine service occur. If you will kindly allow me to suggest to persons who are opposed "to tho form of worship adopted at St. Barnabas" that they had better stay away, I am sure it wilm be more for the credit of their religious character. This church, thank God, is free to all; but itis a house of God, for His worship and service, and in His sight it can never be free to any who forget that they are in His presence. Your very obedient servant, JAMiES SKlINNER. St. Barnabas Parsonage, May 20, TOTAl I oSS TE CUTTER YACaT SECRtET.- This very fast and beautiful yacht left Erith early_on Saturtday morning, for Plymouth, having on board her owner, Mr. H.J. Warin and a crew of six men. Aftersaibna the match m the bames she proceeded as far as the GOu stream, under all storm sails, it then blovang a gale from the south-west. She was seen off the North Foreland about i 5 o'clock on Saturday evening, very close to a large steamer; she was seen only a few minutes after with her bowsprit gone, and then foundered with all hands. It is shuposed tbha in trying to speak the steamer she maust hba No1l9
COUtRT OF BA2VKRUPT4cY, BainghaU.IarYA, Aray 21. - Rr Tm.TvAN (Before AMr. Commiw,,szor FONBnLA-QUP able bankrupt was a surgeon, of Dartford. HIs HONOUn now gave judgment on the question of certificate. He said the bankrupt bad been for some time in difficulties, and that from the time he knew that a loan of 4,0001. by is fath..r.rn.law could not be regarded as a gift le musthave knownithat he was hopelessly insolvent, and that he stood in imninent danger. When sued by two creditors for 2001. ho hadinstructed Mr.- Gibson, his soliciltor. to apply to Messrs. Hill bankers of Dartford, for 'an advance of l1l. At that time he owed the bank 3001., and he could not see why the application for the 1001. should have been made unless it was with a view to induce the bankfo press him. When he had only 251. at his banker's he apjlied for an advance of 1001. on a promise to repay oOI. almost immediately. Owing -4,0001. in one direction, and sned by two creditors in another, it was the bankrupt's duty not to concert measures to give a preference to one creditor, but to do justice to all. The law enabled him to do this either by becoming a bankrupt or by a petition to this touat under the arrngement clauses. It was nob only the duty of the bankrupt to take this co-urse, it was the duty also of his professional adviser to counsel himn to adopt it; but Mr. Gibson unfortunately was also the solicitor for the bank, and the case furnished a remarkable illustration of the wisdom of the saying, "No man can serve two masters." Whenever a professional man was placed in that position it became a dauty on his part to be careful that his conduct was becoming his duty to both his clients and to creditors generally. The result in this case was that the bank got into a position which enabled it to seize immediately upon the greater por tion of the bankrapt's property. It was said that the bankers did not seize util the month of January, but their arns were loaded. They knew that nothing could be done by the other creditors, and no sooner did process of distraint take place than the bankers were enabled to take possession. The bankrupt afterwards applied to the bank for a small advance, which left his debti to it a trifle beyond 501., and he was adjudicated a bankrupt on its petition. The bankrupt had given every facility to one creditor, and delayed another, and his conduct had been exceedingly culpable. Taking into consideration his position, and that a suspension of certificate would benefit no one, the banikrupt might receive an immediate certificate of the second class; but there would be annexed the condition that it should not protect future acquired property until he had paid a dividend of 5s. in the pound to his creditors. A professional mn was not like an ordinary trader. He possessed a capital that was not surrendered at his bankruptcy-his capital was his brains, and with 101. worth of goods he could resume business. The Court!of Common Pleas had decided inifavour of Messrs. Hill's right to the property seized, but his opinion was unchanged. In cases of this kind the Court of Common Pleas was propae to give property to the first in the race, and take no care,of the hindmost; but the principle upon which this Court acted was equal adiniustration to all, and he should always zealously scrutinize every case in which preference was given to an individual creditor. He must observe that Mr: Gibson had made one affidavit inadvertently, and that the bank also had actedinadvertently. He had always thought that bankers were the most regular people in trade, but Messrs. Hill had presented a bill for payment which hWd been withdrawn. There was also another inadvertency in the case. A bil of exchange had been eo dirtied that an endorsement was defaced. There was, in his opinion, a very good case for having theproceedings before the Coart of Common Pleas set aside, and he should make an order that the costs of both sides be paid out of the bankrupt's estate. The Court was informed that the assets were insufficient to pay the expenses of the bankruptcy, and Mr. Gibson applied that his costs might have precedency of payment. His HoxouR.-No. You, M1r. Gibson, were the man who caused all the mischief. IN RE e. POSTANS. The bankrupt was a grocer, of Nlewmarket. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. Lawrance supported. Mr. BAGLEY opposed, on the ground of fraudulent preference, and The COURT considered the charges against the bankrupt so far established as to call for a suspension of certificate (third class) for a period of one year from the 30th of July next, with protection. (Before .r. Comrnierioner GouLeimum.) in RE GEORGE Tla . . The bankrupt was a dust contractor, of St. George'twharf, Old St. Pancras-road. His accounts show unsecured creditors, 2,0471.. and property of the estimated value of 2,0001., held by Her Majesty's Comnissioners as security for an advance of 1,1401. 'There was an alleged surplus on tbe Ist of January, 1854, of 1,756W. This was the examination nmeeting.! m . D LEY, for the assignees, opposed, on the ground that the bankrlupt's property had been so disposed of that there would be nothig for the unsecured creditors, whowe claims amounted to about 2,0001. He proposed to cal witnesses to show how the bankrupt's property had been disposed of. Mr. LIrc&TRm, for the bankrupt, was willingto take an adjournment, during which period the desired investigations could be made. Adjourned accordingly.
MIDDLESEXSESSIONS, Wednesday, 1May 2L (BeforeX? Pb. mSdLEY,Q.C., A sist<alt-Judge, at Cer7 ??lDl.) lliza Poulter, 32 and WiDiam Tapater, 26, vere indicted-the former for stealing 25l. in bank-notes, the property of John Ambrose urd, her master, in his dwellinghouse, and the latter for feloniously receiving the same, -well knowing them to have been stolen. hdr. Lewis was counsel for the prosecution; MIr. Sleigh appeared for the prisoners. eh eprosecator was an articled clerk to an attorney ana resided in Story-street, Caledonian-road. The female prisoner had been employed about the house, and in the Idtchen a coat of the prosecutor's had been left, in one of the poclkets of which there was a purse containing five 5Rnotes, which were afterwards missed, and were traced to the possession of the prisoners, who lived together as man and wife. The defence set up by the learned cognsel was that other persons had the same access to the coat as the female prisoner, who might have been employed to put these notes-in circulation without the least knowledge of theirhaving been stolen. The jury found both prisoners Guilty, and The COURT sentenced them each to one year's hard labour.
POLICE. MANS1Or-x0OusE.-Hugh Robert Roberts, who was some days ago charged with having stolen a clock, the property of Mr. Eer, of Bucklersbury, was brought before Sir I. W, CAnrmr for iinal examination. Theprisoner had been perinitted by MIr. Ker's servant to go into that gentleman's office upon the pretext of witing a letter, and immediately afterwardsthe clock disappeared. The duplicate vas, when the prisoner was apprehended, found on his person, together wvith 61 others. The following additional case was brought forward:- Robert Bagg, a boy who had been in the employment of 3fr. John Mossop, of Pinners-hall, Old Broad-street, stock and sharebroker, said.-On the ith oF April Itook aletterto the post-office, and before I went out I locked the door, and left the key in the door. I was gone about three minates land on my return I found the key in the -lock and the dooi locked, and when I w. ent into the office I missed the clock jfrom the mantel-shelf. The clock produced by the officer is that which was stolen. I John Smitb, of Middlesex-passage, Cloth-fair, producede the clock alluded to by the last witness, and said, the prisoner lodged writh me about three months, and six or seven; - w eeks ago he brought home this clock and said he had purchased it of a man who was hard up. The prisoner had been imprisoned 12 months on a former occasion for a similar offence. Sir R. W. CARDEN.-I have learnt that, as I supposed, when you were charged with the first of these robberies, you owe all this crime and misery to drink. The prisoner.-You are right, my Lord. Indulgence in drink has been my ruin. I went on from excess to excess till I would do anything to gratify the inclination. I owe all my misfortunes to that fatal propensity. Sir Rt. W. CAnnnDr.-I can trace almost every offence for -which I have committed unhappy persons to Newgate to the dreadful influence of intoxicating liquors. I am for ever from the bench alluding to gin as the sure introduction to the mnost horrible evils with which they are capable of being afflicted. The prisoner, who appeared to be a person of education and talent, was committed for trial upon the two charges of robbery. GvnD}ALL.-Thomas Bresmahan, who was described as a plasterer, but who turned out to be a ticket-of-leave convict, was charged before Alderman Cuir{r with being concerned in two street robberies, one of which was a garotte robbery. MJr Charles Frederick Mason, a blacking manufacturer,of Walcot-place, Kennington, said that about 1 o'clock on Thursday morning he was looking out for an omnibus in Bridge-street, Blackfriars, when the prisoner came up to h im and said he would not be able to get one at that hour, but that if he took a cab he (the prisoner) would be glad to ride to the Blind Asylum at the obelisk. He declined the offer and turned away, but directly afterwards he missed his gold watch, value 10Z. He spoke to the police, and described the prisoner and a woman who was near him, and who had suaddenly vanished just ashe missed his watch. He did not see the prisoner again until he was in custody. Philip William, foreman to a clothier, said that on Saturday morning he was returning from the east end of the town, and while passing through Black Horse-court, a woman caught hold of him and pulled him about, He knocked her down, but she got up again and repeated her indecent conduct, for whichhe knocked her down aga'in. The prisoner and two other men then came up, and one of them caught him by the throat, and held him there, while the woman robbed him of his watch and money, 22s. She also took out his keys, but put them back again. He was held'by the man until the woman had got completely off. The risoner then stood opposite witness, and said, " If yoa aare to say a word or move an inch I will murder you," and after about a minute or so he said, " Now, you had better take yourself o." He went a short distance and saw aime policemen, who went in search of the prisoner and his associates, but they had escaped. The prisoner denied that he was the person concerned in either oi the robberies, and said he could prove alibis in both instances. He was remanded. BOW-STREF.T.--A notorious begging-letter impostor, who aYCt W eQ fe of Sar 1ui3a2u; b ha4 been Mclsdied in variety of names S arged - ith obtaininoney by false pretences from MUr. Chinetry, solicitor, of Esex-street, Strand; and from Mr.V my, achitec of Argyllskeet, Regent-street. St appeared that the prlsoner eaUed? uponMr. Chinery D the 'of may last, and represented that she lived at Twickenham, where that gentleman also resided, and was personally known to many of his neighbours, several of whom she mentioned by name. She stated that her husband had nust died in the Consumption Hospital, at Brompton, and she received intimation that the hody minst be removed before 6 o'clock that day. She produced what appeared to li a genuine certificate of her husband's death, wntten upon X. regular printed form, and signed "George Hamilton 'Roe," the whole documnent being a clever imitation of an origial ceztificatei-uedby thephysiciantothehospital. Shesaidthat she was about to attend a meeting of the Eorrester's ClubJ at Twic kenham, that eveuing, to receive the money due to ,her for the burial of her husband, but unhappily she could not raise money enough to get the body removed from the hospital, and consequently wanted 25s. till she received the club money. The story was related in so artless a manmer, and Mr. Chinery was so comnp letely deceived by the rea;diness with which she mentioned the names of several of his most intimate neighbours and the particulars of the Forresters' Club, &c., that he Immediately consented to advanoe her the money, taking from her a formalI lfor the amount, which she signed " Sarah Clark" Fortunately,Mr. Chinery declined to return the "certificate" to. the prisoner, stating that she could have it on calling for it at Twickenhamn in the evening.: He saw nosmore of her,-however, and as4ertained subsequently that the document was a forgery, ind the womn'sstory entireLy false from begining to enid. Having been'advised to confer with the Mendicity SDoiety, he found that the same woman had defrauded a great many other persons by similar means. About a week a,o she was apprehended by Horaford, one of the society's oifeers, ad identified - Mfoses Catterrall, gate porter at the Hospital for Consumption, proved that the " certificate" was a forgery, and that no sach a person as described had died in the insti- Evidence of the forgery was also given by clerks from the Registry and Stationery offices and the distinctionin the genuine form pointed out. No clue to the name of the printer of the fraudulent forms had been discovered, and the prisoner refused to state how she came by them. Mr. Villiany, architect, ef Argyll-street, Regent-street, proved that the prisoner obtained 11. from him, by telling exactly the same story, and producing a suiilar certificate. She had disarmed all suspicion in his mind by mentioning the names of several of his (Mr. Vihliamy's) neigibours and friends at Higbgate, includig Mr. Bodldn, the barrister, and others, and also the name of Bell,. the carrier, with whom she stated she was lodging. He found afterwards that neither Bell nor any one else mnew anything about her, and that it was evidently part of her system of imposition to acquaint herself previously with the names of the principal and most prominent residents in a given locality. Horsford, the Meendicity officer, deposed that he apprehended the prisoner from the description given of her, while she was leaving a pawnbroker's shop in Westminster.. She had been convicted repeatedly. Mr. Solomons, solicitor for the prisoner, urged that her transactions with the prosecntors were in the nature of loans, and could not therefore be regarded as criminal. Mr. HxNny, having ascertained from Mr. Graham, the Registrar-Genera], and from Dr.Roe, that they did not wish to prosecute for the more serious charge of forgery (and it being wished that the case should be disposed of summarily), said that the prisoner was evidently a most incorrigible impostor, and had done great mischief by her wicked and shameful abuse of the chafitable disposition manifested on her behalf-a course of conduct likely to check the sympathies of the benevolent towards really worthy objects. His Worship committed the prisoner ander the Vagrant Aet, to three months' hard labour for each offence. WORSnrP-STREET.-William Fleckhart, a journeyman engineer, and E3dwad Towers, an unemployed groom, were charged, upon re-examination, with burglariously breaking into and plundering the house of an elderly lady named Hunmphreys. at IJpper Clapton, by forcing out part of a brick wall, and so assaulting and injuring the prosecntrix and her female servant that the former still remains in considerable danger. At the former examination no evidence could be adduced to prove the actual complicity of the principal (Fleckshart) in the perpetration of the burglary itself, though he was swora toby the feraale servant as the manwho had called at the house six weeks before, in company of a woman, who kept her veil down so as to effectually conceal her features, and, to facilitate their plans upon the premises, presented a fabricated letter, urging the prosecutrix to immediately come to town on a vist to her professional adviser, who wVas represented to be dangerously ilL. A man named Holmes, carman to Messrs. Barberand Sons, plumbers at Clapton, was now therefore ca?led, and proved that while driving a van at Springfield, half a mile from the residence of the prosecutrix, on the morning her house was broken into, he met two men running rapidly from that direction, each enveloped in a red wrapper up to the chin, and that one of the men, whom he particularly noticed, he could now swear to as being the tallest of the men at the bar, Fleckhart. About S0 yards fuxther he met two other men, coming in the same direction and in the same sort of hurry, who halted, looked anxiously about them, and then stted offafter the others. (It was proved by the servant girl that four men were concerned in the Wliamn Harwood, a labourer, also deposed to meeting these men, one of whom had a bundle, another something like a box in a,handkerchief, while the tallest of them, whose pockets appeared to be completely filled with something, seemed red in the face from evident pain, and was grasping his stomach, apparently from buying sustained a recent injury. (Fleckhart, it may be remembered, was so ill and injured that he was confined to his bed, and could not be brought to the court for a week.) William Thorburn, from Messrs. Napier's, engineers, Lambeth, proved that Eeckhart entered their service on the 22d of March, and left it the very day before this burglary. On the morning of that day he complained of iUlness, left, and never returned. Among the housebrealing implements produced, and which were of a very ingenious, powerful, and novel construction, witness recogmzed a piece of steel; manufactured on purpose for their firm, to be worked up into springs for printing machines, but which was now manufactured into an ingenious "jemmy," or smaU crow bar, a corresponding piece to which the witness produced 'from their factory, and the first of which, the crowbar must have been stolenfrom them. The prisoner was agoodi work;man the shlort time he was in their service, but he knew nothing of his out-door associations. M1r. 3;ewis, who conducted the prosecution, said that Langdon,thedetective offlicer, who hadhad thewhole conduct of this case, was now in a Position to establish another charge aganst the prisoner Fifeckhart of an almost equal'ly serious description to that now under investigation. On a Sunday evening in September last, which woulrd be here. after deposed to, a gentleman residing in the Commercial ' road went to church with his family in the evening, leaving the premises in the care of his housekeeper; hut he and Ins famoily had scarcely left when a tall manL called at the house, saying he had brought a parcel, end, on the houses keeper opening the door, the man imnmediately closed it,> and, drawving a pistol from his pocket and presenting it at her head, threatened to blow her brains out unless she pult him in possession of all the valuables in the house. The women waslunable to resist, and the man, having fastened her into a chair wlith ropes, exactly as the servant had been served in this case, ransacked the premises and got clear off,' that men having been since identified by the housekeeper as Fleckhart. Some of the evidence in this second case could not be adduced at this examination, and ho must therefore request a remand, to enable the officer to do so.. Mr. D'Rvcortn intimatted that he had certainly no. objection to this course, and both prisoners were therefore remanded till that day week, TAasxnis.-oseph Doyle, an Irishman, about 40 years of age, was brought up on zemand, charged with assaulting his wife. Magaret Doyle, a careworulooking woman, with her eyes swollen and discoloured, and her face severely bruised, said ,she had been married toher husband 129 years. He had been for some time in the practice of beating her every Saturday. night, and occasionally indulging in his brutaity at otherr times. He came home on Saturday night very tipsy, gave her lGs. to go to market, and then wvent to bed. She came home at 11 o'clock with the purchases she had made. The prisoner was sitting up waiting for her, and he beat her and! accused her of getting drunk, although she wvas quite sober. He bent her over the head, face, and body, She could not, tell how many times, and whien he was tired of doing that hle knock;ed her down and jumped upon her. She wras taken; up bleeding end insensible and carred to bed. On Monday night her husband again came borne drunk, and heat her wvith his clinched fists and jumped upon her. She escaped from home through fear. She was quite sober at the time.- MXr. YAPamsrv sentenced the prisoner to be imprisoned inX the House of Correctionl for six months and kept to hard laboulr.; William Bayson, aged 34, a coffeehouse-keeper, of No. 2, -Cable-street. Wellclose-square, was charged with assaulting MEary Ann, his wife. Thie case having been proved, the prisoner was sentenced to three months' imprisonment wvith hard labour. It was stated that the prisoner bad two years ago been committed for six niouths with hard labour for a similar offence. L.%mBsL -Tames Rogers, John Charles Keeling, and Thomas Coxhill, the latter being a cabdriver and ex-policeman, were brought up for further examination before MAr. EanoTr on a charge of being concerned with two other men, not in custody, in burglariously brealkin into the premises of Messrs. Butler, Brothers, in the Old.Rent-road, and stealing therefrom proDerty to the value of 2501 After additional evidenee had been given, AMr. ELLoIrO again remanded the prisoners, refusing to allow them to be bailed.
[Adverbisement.]-To Advertisers.-Ten Thousand Extra Copies of the " Sunday Times" (the largest weekly paper in England) on Sunday next, May25, in addition to its already greatly increaase( circulation, will be forwarded to Sydney, Australia, hfelbourne, ,New York, Boston, PhUadelplsia, tne 'West Indies, Pari., and the agridcl tural and manufacturing districts in England, Ireland, and- Scotland, -containing aU the latest news up to the eve of publication-Palmer's Trial at the Old Bailey-Tips from the Stables-Bettin anud Advice on the Probable Winners of the Derby and Oaks-Continuation of the 100 GuineaYovel-the Tigehtfor the Championship -Theatrical, Police. Law, Domestic, and Parliamentary Intel gence-Agricultural Advice --and News of the Paris, Chelmnaford and Bath Agricult ural and Impleinent Show Order the" Sunday kimes- early of your newsagent. No extra chare is made for Supplement, vhch is given veely. Office, 103, fleet-street, London. [Advertisernent.1-Tho " Era," Family, Theatrical, Masonic, and Sporting Newspaper, is the largest journal in Etgland, and will contain" Touchstone's" Prophecy for winnersof Derbyand kaks, list of Starters, Riders, tratest Betting: sad every particalar of this greatnationalraftmeetiDg. The "StabsreMoue'!ill al)dsosqueak the winer of the Derby. Conclusion of Paltrers TriA,sentence, and vriliet-The Budget-Snaday Music in the Parks-Hardships of Biieting Sys.em upon Licensed VictuaLiers-The3tricals of the day, and all Ne if of the week-Scullers' MIatch at Patney-Chess. Cricket, &c. Order of all newsagents, or send sixpostage-stamps to "Era-ofice, Cithernc-street, Strnd. [Advertisemenit.j-The " Observer" of Sundry ne:xt, May25, will publish a grataitous Supplemnt, cont aing a full rqeort of the Trial of -William Palmer, for the allleged IugeleY Poisonings. Te " Observer" contains full accounts of every iulportant event that occurs enD the SatUrday, as well usa caceful digestof theaewsof the week, combined with original articles.c. The" MondayOhver," containing the markets andthe newsof Monday,uptoi o'clock, is publshed lit 4 o'lock. Pr.ce, stomped,. ; istauped, 5 t'flce, 170, e-read.
2TO TEH EDITORl OF THE TIMES. Sir,-'While passing Blackrias this morning in one of the Citizen steamvessels I was reminded of my propino2uity to the bridge by the deslent of a pebble, -wbich strucl tha deck with considerable force. It ws-thrown by an urchin who 'possibly was pronided with furtherfavous for fresh comers, but such sor to him may be death to them; and a Lint from you to t police authorties 'will go far to check so dangerous a pa3time for the future. - 1i am, Sir, your obedient servant. S. S. L. Slay ZL
A Hosxz Ssv2BVD To DrE.-At the petty sessions held yesterday at the Town-halL Tetbury, CaPtai Paul presiding, the particliars of a dreadfnl case of cruelty to ahorse were disclosed in the prosecution, by -the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to nimals, of Mr. Robert Klister, a wealthy farmer, of Beverstone, ocenoying more than 1,000 acres of land on the estae of Mr. Hoford, MP., of Westonbirt Glocestershire. -It appeared that on the 25th tlt. Mr. Kelister, discovering the horse in question in a field on his farm, desired one Richard :Bennett, a sub-shepherd, to secure the animal and confine it in a hovel forming part of his homestead. Bennett did as he w as desired, and reportedthe circuustanceto his master. After this the animal was not seen again until the 28th lit., when a cowherd employed on the farm, in looldng for hens' eggs in the hovel, found itin a famishing state. t e made some inquiry on the subject of two or three fellowservants, but none of them could give him anyinfornation, and the horse was again left from the 28th n ut. until the 9h of May -withot a psrticle of food or wvater. On the latter day it waBS found literally starved to death-the bones protruding thronghnits skin, and the head and other narts ot the bodymuch injured by its struggles while intheagonies of death. The owner of the horse had mise it the day after it asv impounded, and had made every inquir for it atBeverstone and in the neighbourhood without success. On ascertaining its fate on the 9th of May he -went to Mr. Kelmister and informed him of the fact, upon which the latter denied allknowledge of the circumstance, and advised him to find out the man 'who haddone it and have him punished. Subsequentlyit transpired! that the horse had been shut up by Bennett, but by the express order of M1r. Keilister,-a fact which on a second interview with the owner the latter did not deny,addinz only, in explanation, that, after giving the order, h dforgotten al about it. These allegations 'were alf satisfactorily proved. For the defence it -was urged that the wsilful intention contemplated by the act wsas wanting in the present cse, and that, in point or fact, no violation. of the law had been committed. The bench thought the case fully proved against mr. Kelmister. it was not necessary to show a wilful intention to star.e the animal to death. Of that crime they did not bieve the defendant guilty; but, in ordering the animal to be impounded, and leaving it there without food or water for many days, he had shown a degree of carelessness and inhumanity -which called for severe reprehension, and the sentence was that he pay a fine of 3Z. and costs, in addition to 2N. as compensation to the owner for the loss of hie horse. Captain Paal added that he considered tbe case a very proper one to have been investigated by the officers of the society. SnsrrnG STxTr[SrCS.-ReturnS omoved for by Mr. Ingham, ALP., show that the total number of sailing vessels of and under 50 tons registered at the various Dorts ofthekingdomonthe3lstofDecember,1855,wav -inEgland 6,412, tonnage 192,427; in Scotland 1,135, tounnge 30421; and in ireland 1,021, tonnage 29,519. The number aeove 50 tons registered was-m England 11,928, tonnage 2,984,487; in Scotland 1,934, tonnage 479,364; and in. Ireland 1,021, tonnage 188,070. The number of steamers of and under 50 tons registered at the same date was int Engliand 521, tonnage 12,839; in Scstland 44, tonnage 1,050; and in Ireland 22, tonnage 681; and the mumber above 50 tons in England 745, tonnage 260,091; in Scotland 213 tonnage 68,858; and in Ireland 119; tonnage 35,501. During the year 1855 90,193 British ships, tonnages 7,22,5,420, and 233 foreign vessels, tonnge 45,070, entered inwards conatwise at the various ports o England; while 104,277British ships, tonnage S,162. 135,and l96foreignships, tonage 33,300, clearedoutwards. Thesenambersrelatecnly to saling vessels. Of steamers, 11,587 British, tonnage 2,738,632, and 9 foreign, tonnre 1,259, entered inwards tin England); while 11,443 Brit' , tonnage 2,621,184, and 1.3 foreign, tonnage 2,279, cleared outwards. During the past year 4,180 British sailing vessels, tonnage 1,323,82, and43-1 foreigners, tonnage 267,3K5, entered from the colonies into- - English ports, while 4,140 English, and 547 foreign vessds simultaneousl clea red outwards. The number of stealers was 323 English, tonnage 67,910, ana 1 foreign, tonnage 158. The number of sailing ships that entered British frona foreign ports was-English.11,732, tonnage 2,160,929, and foreign 14,258, tonnage 2,834,962. The number that; cleared outwards was-English L,805, tonnage 2,348,958 and foreiga 15,78 tonnage 3,096,839. Of Eteamers, 4,165 British, tonnagel,179,701, and587foreia,tonnage193,122entered inwards, and aproportionatenum'berof the same cleaed outwards. The aggregate number of British ships engaged i;n the coasting, colonial, andforeigntrades inlS5fwasmng-, land 122.049, tonnage, 14,663,391; in Scotland 21,860, tonnage 2,356,826; in Ireland 23,699, tonnage, 2,990,13L The number of foreign vessels so employed s-ia England 15,516, tonnage, 3,341,240; in Scotland 2,390, tonnage, 274,304; in ireland 574, tonnae, 114,52. a 1855, 818 sailing vessels of timber, and 33 stesmer of the same, together with 47 iron sailing vessels and 195 iron steamers, were built and registered in the united kingdom,. TheaggregatetoDnnageofthesewas323,200 2,050vessclswere sold and.transferred, 486 were vwrOcked (all belonging to thea united kingdom), and 114 broken up. Only 12 BbtmarS X wvere wreckedagainst 474 sailing vessels; 91 foreign bit; vessels, tonnage 39,437, were registered la-t ye=r. The trade of the united kingdom employed about 22,7z7 English and 18,193 foreign vessels.
NA PAL AND MILITARY IlVETLIGEGYCE. Her MJa3ex.s screw-corvette Crnuier, Captain the Hon, G. flksglar, was paid off at Portsmouth yesterday, and her Iteneral service men sent to the flagships of different ports. *Her tajesty's steam-despatch gunvessel Mohawk, Comr znander Francis Close,was taken into dock yesterdayat Portsmouth for repairs. the Germanaia merchant-steamer arrived at Spitheal yesfrday morning. ler Majesty's steamer Arrogant, 47, Captain Lyster, re. turned to Spithead front the Southampton Water en Taesday morning. Her Majesys steam-frigate Sampson, Captain Hand, left Spithead on Tuesday for Hongkong. Her Majests steam-sloop Gorgon, 0, left Spithead on Tuesday afternoon for the Eastward with three mortar-vessels in tow. Her MajestWssteamer Euryalus, 51, Captair G. Ramsay, I VB, left the fleet at Spithead on Taesday for the North Amenica and West Iudia station. Her MajestWs steamer Harier, 17, Commander Derriman, has been taken into dock at Portsmouth for repairs. The transport schooner Wells is discharging 100 tons of shot and 20 tons of guns at Woolwich, from the Lowinoor fobundres, to fill up portions of the contracts which have been rejcctcd. The iron paddlewheel steamvessel Trident, 350-horse power, -late from the south-east coast e! America, was yesterday mrorning paid off at Woolwich, whence a number of the crew took passage to Devonport, as supernumeraries for the filet, by the steam-transport Rhadamanthus, which sailed thence yesterday moming with steam gear and 'Boilers for the westem yards. Four mortar-floats, retceived at WoolNich from Messrs. Scott Russell's and Mess:s. Mares, were at the same time admitted into the inner basin. The follmoing appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty :-Lieutenant R. W. D. Abercrombie, to the Atalanta; Lieutenant S. Tuke, to the Eunryalus ; M. Norman, to be Master to the Atalanta; G. A. Brett, to be Mate to the Virago ; F. H. Bloxall, to be Surgeon to the VIPi- lant; R. Stevenson, to be Surgeon to the Mermaid convict ship; A. Jewin, to be Surgeon to the Mohawk; W. H. Clarke, to be Surgeon to the Osprey; W. S. Whittaker, to be As5istant-Clerk to the Pioneer; Thomas Marsh, to be Assistant-Clerk to the Victor; F. A. Codd, to be AssistantClerk to the Coquette; John M'Dougall, to be Assistant- Clerk to the Vigilant; G. B. Westcott, to be Assistant- Clerkto the Cormorant; . B. Rumsey, to beAssistant-Clerk -to the Wanderer; Thomas J. T. Wood, to be AssistantClerk to the Osnrey; W. H. E. Mitchell, to be AssistantClerk to the Surprise; William Lovely, to be AssistantClerk to the .Mohawk; C. R. Rodham, to be kssistantClerk to the Lapwing; H. G. Brakenshire, to be AssistantClerk to the Ringdove; B. R. A. Prichards, to be AssistantClerk to the Intrepid; Alfred H. Piddel, to be AssistantClerk to the Sparrowhawk - S. S. L. Needham, to be A-ssistant-Clerkto the Flying iish; Martin J. Hay, to be Assistant-Clerk to the Assarance. Captain Sir Edward Belcher is to have the good service pensson vacant by the promotion of Captain Henry F. Oreville tohis flag. The 17th Lancers, who arrived at Cahir last week from - the Crimea, have already received notice for a change of sparters. They will be replaced, it is said, by the Sth Captain Greville's No. 2 company of the 6th battalion RoyalArtillery, arrived at Woolwich yesterday morning from leith Fort, having been relieved from that station by Lieutenant-Colonel Hamley's Company, in charge of Major Dickson. Captain Haig came home to head-t,uarters in command of the company inthe absence of Captain Grevifle on leave. The officers who accompanied the troops from Scotland are Lieutenants Eliggon, Joyce, and Forster.
BRADSHA . A MYSTEBY. (From Panch.) A farce is being performed at the Haymarket imder the title of Grinzhazw, Bagshaw, and Braedsaw; but if the first two were omitted, Bradsha v alone would form an excellent sub,ect for a tragedy. We have much pleasure in making a present of the following frightful plot to any dramatist who will just take the trifling trouble to supply the dialogue. Act I openswith a scene in a house in London, where Orlando is discovered earnestly pernsing the second column of Te Times newspaper. He utters a soliloquy something like the following:- Sweet second column of the friendly Tinzes, 'Tis by thine aid the broken-hearted J. Entreats the truant C. to hasten home. To thee the Lady Eleanor repairs To find her bracelet dropp'd at last night's ball. To thee the pining and deserted wife T-urns anxiously to meet her absent lord. Thou sweet restorer of lost property, Rings, wives, keys, money, husbands, brooches, dogs; All are recovered by thine agency. - To thee Orlando is indebted now For finding where to write to Leonora. Bat stav-1 will not write-I'll go at once. The ict concludes vith a bustling scene, in which Orlando packs up his carpet bag and sends for a Bradshaw. Act 2 begins w,iththe opening of the Bradsdtaiv which hss ust arived, and Orlando eager.ly turns over the pages to find the train for Liverpool. After some dialogue of a hurried nature with his servant, and a display of some irritation, the following passionate burst might be introduced with considerable effect:- Why, what is this? I 'll to the Index turn, And see if that can help me. Ha, ha, ha! There 's no such place as Liverpool set down. It don't exist ! Liverpool is a myth. Its commerce, shippIn public buildings, docks, Are all a dream-there is no Liverpool! Servant.-Be calm, good master-turn to Birkenhead. Orlando.-My head-not Birken-'tis enoug-h to turn. Servant (finding a place in the book, and handing it to his inaster).- See, Sir, I have discovered Birkenhead. Orlando (snatching the Bradshan', and looking at it).- 'Why so it is-there's comfort for me yet. !Vhat does it say? Ive got it right at last (reads)" Birkenhead. Lancashire,and Cheshire. J." 'What's J.? Who's J.? Why J.? What does J. mean? :But to the page-I see 'tis seventy-eight. [Turns furiously to page 78.3 Ha, ha! I thought as much! Here's " Landing stage." Where's " L-nding stage'" Ho, ho ! I shaLl go mad! let me read further. Ah ! Here's LiverpooL The place I fain would reach-but by the book I'm there already. How to get there, though? 1'11 try the down train. Horror ! worse and worse! That starts from Chester-how to get to Chester, WMill no one tell me how to get to Chester? Or -whv}y to Chester need I go at all? [Collars his servant.] Slave, tell me ! Wherefore didst thou bring this bookWas ib to torture me with?- Servant.-Sir-'Tis Bradshazw- The eccond act being concluded, the third act opens at flverpool, where Leonora is discovered anxiously expecting Orlando. She is intently gazing on a B-adshav, which she throws av;ay from her, with a speech to the following effect:- Away ! away! thou torturer of hearts, Breaker ofEleads-thou brain-perplexer go! I cannot spcll thee out with all my pains. Can'st tell me -when Orlando should be here? Thou can'staot-tantalizer-mocking fiend! For now thou seem'st to bring him to my arms, And now thou rudely hurl'st him back again; Referring me-to some far distant page, Trating of junctions or some other jargon. :I shall go man !-I'm going mad .-I'm nad ! The fourth a2t shows Orlando more calm, with the sMradshaw still or-en before him. After some quiet dialogue *j.ith his faithf.dDomestic, a speech like the following might naturally ensue:.- We've got it nowat Last, 'tis the North- Western; .YCs, that's the lie, that leads to Leonora, I mean to Liverpool-what's the first train? Thore's one that starts at nine-fifteen-that's good! But-when does it ari,7e9-never, by jingo ! It stcps at Staffbrd. * Come, let's try again, One-t nine-thirty-'tat wfill do as well It xeaches Liverpoo2i.'-ha, ha, ha! It ne3Kr gets to Liverpaol at all; But JU be patient.-krcW to try the next; ft star at eight, the -t6d before the first, 'The cart before the horw. But never mind! Whenidoc,it reach? 9FIitsis beyond a joke; .Eis stickuat Dunstable. -.Where's Dunstable ? Who wa.a-!eto go to Dunri,ble? Do you? Orvou, Sr',. all my brains-Are dancing reels JD-nxetable besnets whirl ao-at my head. - dervant -(ctchbing him in-iis arms).-Poor feUov ? -well, Iies wits.ra gone at Iast. Thefourth act bein"- thus ,ended, the fifth opens -with leonorant the,Ra_ilwa3Statioa, at Chester. After uaaling mumezone inquirie; in a .tateck great agitation, she goes off into the following xhapsoM`y:-- What jmclion? Where's tiee t-p and where's the Do:c?? What train meets wWch W 4ieL is the other due? Vhat's the express? Is this tb.eproper platform? Or that ?-or neither? Guard (rings bell).-Noa-! W iefsin from London- [A train arrives, 2nd OrL2-illo looLs out of a windaw of a carriage.] Orlando.-Where am I? Is this i'verpool-or LondonOr Wolverhamnpton ? Leonora.-Al ! it is his voice! - [Orlando leaps out of the carri. ig, gd the lovers are immediately locked in each o *rt;srms. Orlando.-How came you here? I L agv,-,ou cannot tell, For I can't say at all how I got here. I looked at Braadshals. Leonora.- Oh, don't talk:of B,-ac'v&i fradshaw has nearly maddened me. Orlando.- And me. He talks of trains arriving that ne'er start; Of trains that seem to start, and ne'er arrive; Of junctions where no union is effected ; Of coaches meeting trains that never come Of trains to catch a coach that never goesOf trains that start after they have arrivea Of trains arriving long before they leave? He bids us "see" some page that ca't be found;Or if 'tis found, it speaks of spots remote :From those we seek to reach! ByBradihalues aid You've tried to get to London-I attempted To get to Liverpool-and here we are, At Aester; 'Tis a junction-rm content Oar umion at this junction to cement. And let u3 hope, nor you nor I again May be attacked with Bradshauc on the brain. Leonora,-rni isppy now! fy husband! Orlando.- ah l y! bzide I Nernceforth take me~- B.rad8ha'-for your gnide. [The curtain fall,. I
THE PRINCE OF PRUSSIA. PORTSMOUTH, WEDNESDAY. His Royal Highness Prince Frederick Williana of Prussia, attended by Count Bernstorff, Ambassador, and Colonel the Hon. Francis Seymour, Equerry in Waiting to his Royal Highness Prince Albert, left Dover this morning about 9 o'clock in one of the South-Eastern Railway Company's Royal carriages by a special train for Portsmouth. His Royal Highness left the South-Eastern line at Hastings, and came uponi the South Coast through Brighton by another special train, in charge of Mir. Hawkins, Mr. Craven, Mr. Sutton, &c., to Portsmouth, where the train arrived at 12 o'clock. His Royal Highness was received on alighting from the train by the Lieutenant-Governor of Portsmouth (Major-General Breton) and Deputr Assistant-AdjutantGeneral Nelson, and was met by his Royal Highness Prince Albert (attended by Captain Da Plat, Equerry) a few minutes after the arrival of the train. Two of Her Majesty's carriages were in waiting. The Prince of Prussia entered that containing Prince Albert, and the Royal cortJgc left the station at a minute or two after 12 for the dockyard, escorted by Assistant QuartermasterGeneral Dalgetty (Lieutenant-Colonel), through the Lion Gate in front of the Military Hospital, through St. George'ssqure, and along the Hard. At the dockyard the Prince of Prussia was received by the same official personages who received the Prince Consort on his landing (Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour, Rear-Admiral Superintendent Martin, Lieutenant Hall, Director of Police, &c.). The Fairy's barge was in waiting at the dockyard gate stairs, and received the princes, who were put on board the yacht, lying off the Victory, which ship and the Illustrious and Blenheim saluted. The Fairy carried only the Prnssian standard, and steamed through the leet at pithead, entering at the eastern end; a grand general salute Royal was fired as the yacht auproached, and each ship manned yards and the crews cheered as she passed, the hands on the poops playing the national and the Prussian anthem. The guard of honour at the railway terminus was furnished by the 22d Regiment of Foot, with band and colours, and commanded by Colonel Beauleau. The guard of honour at the place of embarcation was furnished by the 2d (King's Own) Stafford Militia, with band, commnanded by Captain MVackinnon. Chevalier Vandenbergh, His Prussian 'Majesty's ViceConsul at Portsmouth, also proceeded to the terminus to receive the Prince of Prussia. Her Majesty and the Princess Royal accompanied Prince Albert in the Fairy to Portsmouth, but did not leave the yacht, nor was any Royal standard hoisted to denote the Queen's presence.
RATING OF TITHE COMMUTATIONY RENT- CHARGE. TO TIIE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-With all respect for Mr. J. Meadows White (and it is great both for his personal and professional character), I must confess that, writing as a lawyer is apt to do, he has rather mystified the subject of rating rent-charge, and has made statements which are not borne out by the facts of the case. He states that I have taken " an erroneous Niew of the Assessment Act, and the way in which it is worked by the parochial authorities." Now, Sir, I treated that act as a " failure," inasmuch as only four parishes out of every 15 had adopted it, and I further stated that of these four a large portion had failed to maLe a true-i. e., an equitable valuation. It has fallen to my lot to live in two parishes which had been assessed under that act, and in both it was " worked by the parechial authorities" in such a way that the renteharge was as much over-rated as in parishes where the act had not been adopted. Had Mr. White spoken of the way in which it ought to have been worked he might have been a shade nearer the intention of the Legislature in that act. He next states that " the object of the act is not so much to make a perfect rate as to lay down a rule for equal rating." This seems to me a distinction without a difference. What I contended for, what the clergy as a body ask for is "equal rating," and if we obtain that, surely it will be so far as a rate can be " perfeat." The act recites that it is desirable to establish one " uniform" mode of rating, and enacts that all poor-rates (practicaUy all parish rates) shall be made on the net value of the property -i. c., at its worth to a tenant. We have seen that in 11 cases out of 15 the act has been a dead letter, and in the four out of the 15 in which it has been worked it has proved a failure simply from the fact that the " rule of equal rating" has not been carried out. To arrive at the " net value" on which the rate is to be founded, according to the act, you must first have a gross value, from which the deductions, called in the act, " all sual tenante rates and taxes," should be made, with the additional deduction of repairs, insurance, &c. (landlord? rates), to arrive at what ought to be the profit of the landlord, or the estimated value of his estate (not its actual rent); but I maintain that even where the act has been adopted the rate has not been made on this principle, but that large additional deductions, over and above the usual tenants' rates and taxes and landlord?! expenses, have been made, according to the fancy of parish officers, so far as the value of land, hc., was concerned, to obtain the "net value," while the rent-charge has been netted by the deduction only of rates and taxes actually paid. If the rent-charge was, in fact, what it ought to be, a tithe of produce, there would be no unfairness in this; but, as it is in most cases not even a tenth of what would be the estimated value of the parish, when fairly valued, it is unjust and unfair that the "net value" of land and rent-charge should be eliminated by different processes. If the argument that the clergyman shows his cards while the farmer does not be a " fallacy," the fallacy belongs to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who made that statement when examined before the committee of the House of Lords on the 27th of May, 1850. Nay, more, it was adopted by the President of the Poor Law Board in the debate on Dr. Phillimore's BiU. With such authority on my side I deny that it is a fallacy, and, on the other hand, assert that it is absurd to state "that the owner of land shows what, in truth, is open to the assessors of the rate and to the parish at large, the value of his land"-in fact, that the value of land is as patent as the value of rent-charge. It would be sufficient argument to disprove this statement were I to answer it in the words of the Chancellor of the Exchequer which folow those already cited, " that all other occupiers should be compeUed to show the annual value of their land in such away as to insure equality of assessment;" but I would ask Mr. White a very simple question-in what way does he consider the value of land patent to all, inclusive of the titheowner? I again reiterate that the act has not only failed to meet the difficulty, but in a very large majority of cases has proved a dead letter, and that while the rentcharge is a known quantity, the value of land, andthe value ,of Mir. So and So's house, and Messrs. So and So's manufac- tory, or mine, or quarry, is not known, because it has never been valued at all, or, if valued under the Parochial Assessment Act, it has not been done on a fair, equal, and comparative ratio with the rent-charge. I trust 3Mr. White will pardon me for saying that a fallacy runs through the -whole of his letter, from the fact of his arguing.on the assumption that a thing is done because it ought to be done. If the clerical titheowner had to deal iwith such able and high-principled assessors as Mr. White would make, the causes of complaint would be much lessened, but when it is remembered how large an element of self-interest weighs with parish officers in general, and of what material they are made, tlhere can be no cause of wonder that the clergy should be over-assessed. I fear the following story, the trath of which I can personaly vouch for, can be told by many a clerical titheowner. On the appointment of a clergyman to a parish a vestry meeting was called to consider the rating of the parish, when the following esolution was unanimously passed-"Let the passon be ri:; everybody else as they was." There are several other points in MIr. White's letter about which I should have been glad to have said a few words; but, as Itey are his views on the snerits of the general question ratuer than comments on myaetter, I forbear doing so, especially - I have trespassed already at too great a length on yoiur vabeable space. I am. 5k. vour ebedient servant. H. D. I May 20.
LIVEnPooL, Wednesday.-The steamship Indian sailed this mornLng for Quebec and Montreal svith 186 Ipassengers and thp mails for Nort!; America. A notice has teen placed in the iSverpool Ex;change Newsz-rooms to the effct that vessels of from 800 to 1,00 tons harden are retn~ired to bring horne troops, horae, and stoces from the (G:>nea. Tenders will 3e received by CaptainBJevis, the AAduiralty agent, WI1 pInm. on Thrsday, the 224 inst. SQUTHAIMo X, lay 21.-Messs. Summers and Day wgineers and iron shibauilders, launched from their yard At Yortham, this morning, an iron serew steawship named the Delta, built by aem for the Peninsular and Oriental Campany's service. ';Le measurement of this steamer ic as follows.:-Length between perpendicular2Z7ft. 6in.; length over all, 253ft.; beeadth, 29it. Sin.; dept of hold, 18ft. 5in. She is three-masetd, with fore and aft rig, no square sails being fitted, Bsliptcal stern, quarter badges and shield figurehead. The Delta has passsnger acconnodation for 112 first-class and 22 second-class passengers, and can stow 600 tons of cargo. Her engines, by Xfe!srs. Summers and Day, are on the direct actonprinciple, and are of 210-horse power, with a three-bladed screw L4ft. diameter and 26ft. pitch. Front her beautiful lines the Delta is expeCted to be a fast vessel. The launch too2c plae in the presence of the officials of the Peninsular and Oniental Comoany. at this port and a large concourse of spectatorg. Sho isthe largest iron steamer ever built in this neighbourhood. After the launch, which passed off in the most qastacto-y' manner, a lunchon was prepared, of which several mf - 1 officers of the company and friends partook. The: DelA Fas afterwards towed into the Sionthampton docks, and placA- under the shears to re,e!ie Jher engins, &. The1DeltitlYlk be tted with Lamb eno.qXD!e rsp*tntboilers,
,PArI,AmENrATAY KOTIC.ES - . ROUSE OF COMMfONS ThTiTiMw ILf.- I ORD]= OP TIIE nAv Factories BiUl,-Commxttee. Weformatory and Indut chaobsBt,-Comitt,e. Formation, &c., of PariAshes Bill,-Committee. Eating of Mlnes BillU-Second reading. Specialty and Simple Contract Debts BilD,-Second reading. Civil Service,-Comsmitteo thereupon. Reformatory Schools (Scotland) Bill,-Committee. Railway and Canal Traffic Biill-Second reading Judgments Execution, c. Bill,-3econd reading. Registration of Leases (Scotland) BilD,-Econd reading FTxe lnsurances BiIL-An amended, to be considered. Court of Excbequer (Scotland) Biil-Cominittee. Comminsioners of SupplY (Scotland) Bill,-Third reading. Procedure and Evidenoe Bill,-Committee. JudicialProcedure, &. (Scotland) Bi4-Coonmitteq. Registration of Voters (Scotland) BiDl,-Comnmittee. Sleeping Statutes BIlD,-Committee. Transfer of Works {Ireland) Bill,-Committeet Industrial and roi dent Societies BihD,-Thirdo eading. nummary Jurisi cion Bing,-Second reading. o Bleaching Wo pcks ( enoe 2) Bit,-Second reading. Joint stock Banks BigD,-Adjouwn ed debate onrgoin into committee. Capth i n Stbigtd-To ask the Unuder-Secretary for War ohether it is true that, although field officerai bad to bring from England a certain number of horss sceordiug to their regimental or staff pos^ition, an ceder hasbeen issued placsngthe numberis on the Peaco establishment, in spite of its being laiddown in War-oEffic regulations that officers in the field a.-e obliged to have a certain number according to rank; also, whether it is the intention of Government to give compeusation to offlcers, from the ensign upwards, for the bdit ponies which they ordered them to buy, and in many cases supplied to them at from 3 to 10, andfor vhichthey ean get next to nothing. Lord Stanley,-To ask whether any steps are being taken by the Indian Government to facilitate the establishment of a hne of tclegrapie andotherco-mnuuication betweenEngland and India through th zuphratealVallev Mhr.Mtacarltey,-_ ask whether any decision has been come to upon the tenders for contracts sent in to the Treasury in Mfarch inst to convey the mails to the Australian colonies; and, if not, whether there is any prospect of some more satisfactory arangement than exits at present for that purPose; and whether there has been any progress made towards tenders beng made forcontracts to improve the Postal communication between London and Dublin by performing the lourne fronrcapital to capital within 12 hours,. Mr. =ardy.-To aek when the report of the factory inspectors for the six months ending the 3th of April last will be in the hands of members; and whether any communmcations rec cting the bill "for the further amendment of the laws relating to labour in factories," as now proposed to be amended, have been made bythe factory inpectors, or any of them, to the Secretary of State for the Home Departinent; and, if so, whether he will have any objection to lay suth communications on the table. Sir 1'itzroy Kely.-To ask the intentions of Government as to the Corrupt Practices Preention Act, 15. Mr. FelUatt,-To' ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department, as there are above 1,000 persons in England and Wales ling in prison fordebt, 240 of which are under 0 (debt and costs), who mnight be restored to their families and occupations for the sum of 1,500,and as there are afew confned for protracted periods, extending to 40 years, whether the Government would recommend them to Her Majesty, and debtors under Si1, to be included in the c.mmemorative peace amnesty, so graciously extended to Frost, Williams, and Jones, and otherpolitical offenders. Mrr.T..itdheil,-To ask whether, astthe Danish Government now makes no charge eouivaient to Sound doess on allgoodspassing bstho new raiwaythroughits own country from Tonningen, in the North Sea, to Sensbur, in the Betic, it is the intention of our Government toleave longer unsettled the general question of the Sound dues, to the eat detriment of British shipping engagtedinthe direct trade to the CaptainL.Vernon,-Itesolutiou, "That it is the opinion of this House that it will bo to the advantage of the service to employ geueral offlcersfrom the selentific corps on the staff of the army. 3Mr. Edward Ellice,-teturns of all prizes taken at sea during the late war by revenue cruises or other vessels attached to the CoastGuard Service; and, of the realized value of such prizes respectively; and of the manner in which the proeeeds have been disposed of, SirB.Hall,-To nominateselectcommitteconConcentrationof Pnblc Offlices:-Sir B. Hal Lord J. Mfanners, Mr. Cardwell, 'Mr. Disraeli, ML-. H. Baring, Sir A. Campbell, MIr. A. Hastie, Lord Claud Hamilton, Mr. Ellice Mr. Xer Seymer, Earl Grosvenor, Mfr. Jackson, Colonel GreviMe, Mir. Stirling, and Mr. Holdford. Sir E. Perry,-Return of the pensions exceeding ;200 a-year granted to governor-generals and cx-goveraor-generals by the East India CamNany since the passing of tho Act 33 of George III., clap. 52 ; stating their respective amounts, the period for vhich given, the act of Par. liament under which such pensions were granted respectively, and whether the grantees vere in tho servioe of the East Ind5a Company at the time of the grant: And, similar returns as to gratuities exceeding 800. Mr. Ingramn,-Return of the moneys paid or allowed during the years 18054 and 185 respectively, for drawback of duty on paper used for printng Bibles, Testaments, and Prayerbooks of the churches esta- Il*hed in Eng5and and Scotland. Air. Cowper,-Bill to confirm provisional orders of the General Board of Health, applying the Publie Health Act, 1848. to the districts of Waterloo with Seaforth, West Ham, Sowerby Bridge, and Moss-side: foralterations of the boundaries of the districts of Rusholme and Bishop Auckland, anid forother purposes Mr. Craufurd,-Bill to amend the law relative to the arbitration of disputes between masters and workman. The Lord-Advocate-That the order for the second reading of the Nuisances Removal, &c. (Scotland) Bilibe read and discharged. Bill to make batter provision for the removal of nuisances, regula. to0n of ldginghonses, and the health of towus in Scotland. iord Rt. Cecil,-Retiurn of the names of the reports of committees (excludingthe reports of the Petitions Committee), and of the returns which werc ordered to be printed during the year 155; the date of each of the said orders for printing; the date on which each was delivered to members; and the number of pages in each, in a tabular M. Cobbett,-On the motion for going into committee on the Factories ill, to move,as an amendment, That this House will resolve itself mute the said committee this day six months ; and to move ameudments. In Committee on Reformatory and Industrial Schools BillhMr. Gordon,-To move a clause. Sir S. Nerthcote.-To move clauses. Mr. Miles,-To move a clause.
STATE OF TRADE. T a NOTINGHAM, WEDnDSDAY, The lace trade is in a very satisfactory state, and. although more quiet than of late, still the fine genial weather of the present month will render the demand for fancy articles more brisk. We are now between the spring and summer seasons, and the quietness of the trade at the present time is what always occurs in corresponding periods, and at this particular season manufacturers prepare for the summer trade. From present appearances there will, in all probability, be an active summer demand. The hosiery trade is also rather more quiet than it was a few weeks ago; on the whole, however, the trade is in a very healthy condition, and we are expecting a good summer trade. Yarns are fimn, at high prices.
THE AxERICAX MALS.--SOuTAMrTON, May 21. -The United States' mail steamship Washington, Captain Cavendy, sailed this afternoon for New York, wvith the German, French, and English mails, 195 passengers, and a fair amount of English and French merchandise. The Vander. bilt line steamer North Star, Lieutenant Hunter, U.S. N, is expected to-morrow from New York, en route for Bremen, with mails and passengers. She wiU bring dates to the 10th inst. TRhAL OF HOpSFTx'S WNVouGnR-mo Gux.- LIvERrOOL, Wednesday.-A series of experinients have been made wi-. AMessrs. Horsfal's monster wrought iron gun (weighing 21 tons 17 owt., and some pounds) this afternoon on the shore of the estuary of the Mersey, about nine miles north of LiverpooL Seven charges were fired; the first with lOlb. of powder and blank cartridge; the second with 10lb. of powder and a shell 1941b. weight, the gun being elevated one degree; the third with lOib. powder and shell, elevation four degrees ; and three other charges with 201b. powder and shot and shell, the seventh round being 301b. powder and a shot 2841b. This was the most successful of the seven experiments; the gun was elevated 74 degrees. The first richochet was at a distance of 2,000 yards, and the extreme distance obtained was about 2A miles. This, wvith only 301b. powder-one-third less than the maximu7n charge-is extremely goo2, and leaves no doubt that a ball. 30lb. weight may be shot with effect five miles. The experiments were under the direction of Lieutenants Sothern and Welden, of the Royal Lancashire Militia ArtiUery, assisted by lr. Clay, manager for Messrs. HorafalL There were also present Admiral Grenfell, of the Brazilian service, Captains Adams and Middleton, of the Militia Artillery, and a large company, military and civilians. The experiments are to be continued to-morrow (Thursday), Frida, an arday. The aim is beautifully accurate, the bal and sheU following each other in a direct limn. Two of them fired with a 201b. charge were afterwards found within six or seven yards of each other. SHIPBiLDiNG.-NEWCASTLE-ON-TYMNE, Mlay20.- The declaration of peace does not seem to have interfered to any extent with the progress of iron shipbuilding on the Tyne. The folowing is a description of some of the iron vessels in hand at present upon this river,, with the rdifferent trades they are intended for. Messrs. C. Mitchell and Co., of Walker, are building a large iron screw-steamer for the Hamburg Gas Company. The same firm are also building two screw-steamers for the North of Europe Company, one of whichwiU be launched on Saturday. These latter vessels are the first of a fleet of screw-steamers to be built for the purpose of extending theNorth of Europe Company's trade in the Baltic. The engines are constructed upon the high pressure principle, and are placed quite in the after part of the vessel, leaving the main body for the reception of cargo. The vessels are expressly adapted for navigation in shallow water, and are fitted with Beattie's patent propeller,-an arrangement that has been found of eminent service in vessels of limited draught of water. Both the vessels and engines are being constructed from desins by' Mr. J. Dudgeon, of London. Messrs. Mitchiell are also building a 1,000 ton iron ship for a London house, to be employed in the Mediterranean trade a ,M-" .i.x.m r-- tiamburg, a 500 ton screw steaMer for Antwerp, and a paddlewheel steamer for NTorway. MIr. Vernon, of the same place, is finishing a screw-steamer which will ran between Hamburg and 13avre, an iron schooner and brig for Sweden, and a paddlewheel-steamer for the oods and passenger trade in the Meditermanean. inars Leslie have also a large iron East Indiaman nearly finished; Messrs. T. and W. Smith, of North Shields, also have in hand a large iron vessel which will mn between Dundalk and the coast of lancashire; she will be a powerful vessel, and it is stated will cost 28,0001. Mfr. T.DL). Marshall, of South Shields, is finishing a lare steanivesseiZ. the Ionia, 1,400 tons,which,v%ith the Boeotina nla ed last he wil form portions of a fleet of iron screw steamers, to b@ employed by a Greek house at Liverpool in the Levani trade. Mr. MarshaU has also four other iron vessels in hand. Since the resumption of our trade with Russia agents have reached this country with the view of purchasing tug steamers to be emaloyed in towing ships at Cronstadt and in the Baltic. light steamers have been brought on the Tyne for thatpurpose. The following have sailed for Cron. stadt :-the Wallace, the Royal Albert, the Powerful, the Volga, the Alexander, and the Strehla. A considerable number of timber-vessels were also launched in the Wea last spring tides. Mr. Thomas Stonehouse launched a sma.rtlooking bark of 342 tons, classed A 18 years. Mr. ,khn Reed launched a large bark, named the Seabreeze, of Bris-fol; she is for the.Melbourne trade, and is classed 13 years, I.r. Robert Thompson also launched a smart clinr vessel. MnEast Indiaman was launched from he yar,I0f Mfr. J0hr .obinson, of Deptford, and another large East Iniaman, Of 4000 tons burden, was launched from the building yard of ),i Tfilliam Pile, jlUi., North Shore; she has been purchased bX Mhessrs. Green aid Co., of Bipu,.wall, These are all Al1 shipn.
THE SUiPAY BAND-QUESTwIo. Laet evening, pursuant to a requisition received by Sir James John Hamilton, Bart., and Mr. J. A. Nicholay, churclb;ardens of Marylebone, bearing the signatures of 800 ratemayers, a public meeting of the inhabitants was held in Hull's Biding-school, for the purpose of eliciting their opinions as to the recent stoppage of Sunday music in the Parks and Kensington-gardens.. MIr. Churchwarden Nicholay was called to the chair, and about 3,000 persons were assembled. Sir Benjamin Hall was present, and his appearance on the hustings was the signal for great enthuiam Among the persons present were observed iLord I'saynham, Miessrs. P. Graham, D'Ifianger, Soden, Whitmiore, Stewart, Potter, Coham, Hodges, and other members of the vestry and ratepavyers v.ell knownl to the district. The CuAir said he and his colleague, Sir James Hamilton, had called this meeting anon a requisition signed by 800 ratepayers, to consider the recent stoppage of the Sunday music in the Parks, which had been given to the people unsolicited and now suddenly and most unjustly taXen from them. (Cheers.) He vwas not a partisan in that chair, but he was the friend of the working classes, and he denied the right of persons livng in various oarts of the country to dictate to the people of:the metropolis as to this question. The hon. chairman referred to the way in which petitionshad been got up by the opponents of the pee amid cheers and someinterruption. hrP. GBnxA,r moved the first resolution-"That this meeting deeplyregretstbhatthelPrimeMinisterhas, byyielding to the solicitations of a party, and in op'tsihon to his own personal convctons, deprived the wor3;ing classes of this nietropolis of a means of innocent enjoyment and healthful recreation. That the perfect order and decorum observed by the 258,000 persons who attended at Kensington-gardens, Regent's Park, and Victoria Park on the afternoon of Sunday, the 11th inst., to listen to the military bands satisfactorily prove that the unsolicited boon conferred by Her Mlajesty's Government was fully appreciated by all who were present, and that the public generally are favourable to its continuance." He was as desirous as any one to secure the blessings of the Sunday they neither desired to see the gloomny Sunday of Scotland or the gay Sunday of the contmnent, but they did want and would demnand proper and innocent recreation. (Cheers.) Mr. OvxwrON (a working man) seconded the resolution, and ulrged Sir B. Hail not to fall UitO the trap laid for hiin of resigning his seat. A Voice.-If he does he will be returned again by 100 to I on a poll and a 1,000 to I on a show of hands. (Applause.) Lord R,sY,rsMm supported the resolution, and said it was n, notorious fact that every age of puritanism was succeeded by an age of licentiousness. He therefore denounced those who had taken this step to stop innocent recreation, as not only the enemies of the people, but the enemies of reEgion itself. (Applause.) xr. Baines said all who went to the parks were seducers. (Groans.) He (Lord Raynbam) was a churchman, but he asked whether there were no seducers went to church or chapel ? (Applause.) Sir B. HA.1 was received, on rising to address the meeting, with reiterated cheers and marked enthusiasm. He observed that whenever a public man took a decided step upon any particular subject, and there was to be a meeting of his constituents to consider it, he felt that it was the duty of that pubEc mani to meet them and answer for his conduct. (Cheers.) So far as he (Sir B. Hall) was concerned with regard to this Sunday band question he had nothing to regret or to be ashamed of. It might be supposed that, representing, as he did, the metropolitan constituency of Maryilebone for 19 years, he knew something of the wants and habits of the working classes of the metropolis. (Cheers, and " No, no.") Let those who cried " No, no !" take a show of hands in that meeting. (Cheers.) The hon. baronet then went into the history of the bands being placed in Kensington-gardens, which he said had thehearty sanction of Lord Palmerston. If it was so wicked that the bands should play on Sundays, how was it that in Parliament no fault was found with it 9 (Hear, hear.) No fault whatever was found with the band in Kensington-gardens, but the moment he put a band in the Regent's Park and Victoria Park,-" Oh," it was said, "l this is an aggressive policy, and it shall be put down," ("Shame, shame," and gioans.) Where was the sanctity of those who would pernmit a band in one place and not inanother? (Hear, hear.) If the opponents of the bands had their will they would do mnuch more than deprive the people of this innocent 1 ecreation. Among the absurd memorials which had been presented, one was addressed to the Queen, praying Her Majesty to call together the foreign Ministers to urge them to induce their respective Sovereigns to enforce a better observance of the Sunday on the continent. Laughter.) Af.ter referring to the insults which Mr. Bakes, of Leeds, had dared to heap upon the people of the metropoE, the hen. baronet combated the fallacies of the Satutrday half-holyday movement and the ridiculous notion of hands being placed in the parks on Saturdav afternoons. It that were done, those wages which ought to go home to men's wives and families would go elsewhere, and their wives would be prevented from obtaining those necessaries required for the following day. If that were adopted, its supporters would soon find that the subject would become a woman's question. (Cheers.) He had turned his attention to the crime which had resulted from these bands, and, with a view of testing the matter, he had written to one of the oldest and most able magistrates in the metropolis (Mr. Broughton), and what was his reply? (Hear.) It was that he sat at the policecourt the whole day onMonday,the 12th, the day after 258,513 persons had been in the parks to hear the bands, and not one single case arising therefrom was brought before him. (Cheors.) After warning the Sabbatariansthat they mi-ht go too far in their puritanism, and urging the working cMasses, notwithstanding the provocation they had received, to preserve, in their firmness, peace and order, he resumed his seat amid reiterated applause. Mr. FA11xuAm attempted to move an amendment, but the meeting would not ILsten to him, and in consequence of hi Persistence great confusion prevailed. On a show of hands the meeting refused to hear him, and he 'Was removed from the hustings amid great applause. The resolution was carried with twvo or three dissentients. Mr. J. SoDET moved the second resolution-" That a deputation from this meeting be appointed to wait upon the Prime Yinister, to acquaint him with the resolution now passed, and to urge npon his Lordship the propriety of revoking the order, which, in deference to the wishes of the Archbishop of Canterbury and others, he has been induced to give for discontinuing the music in the parks on Sundas. IrM. RILm (a working man) seconded this resolution, and ex-pressed himself a most determined supporter of the Church, hut those who professed religion would find that thins coercion would alienate the people from religion, and the wvorking classes wrould not stand it. (Cheers. ) This resolution was also carried nearly unanimously, amid enthusiastic cheering. Mr. WmraTrIORE, of Oxford-street, said he was about to propose a resolution which, he believed, all would agree with. It was, to go to a very high personage in this realm (cheers)-a person higher than the Premier, higher than the highest dignitary of the Church, of which she was the head. He alluded to the Queen. (Tremendous cheering for several minutes.) AWr. Whitmore then moved the following memorial to the Queen:- " We your Majesty'sloyal and dutiful subjects, the inhabitants of the parish of Afarylebone, in public meeting assembled, desire to approach your Majesty with the expression of our devoted attachment to your Iloyal person and throne, and humbly to reDresent to your Majesty that the recent introduction of ailitary music in the Parks on Sunday afternoon gave to the public generally, and to the working classes in particular, the greatest possible amount of delighit and satisfaction, as wvas evinced by the perfectly orderly and decorous manner wuith wrhich it was listened to rn Sunday, the 11th inst., by upwrards of a quarter of a million of all classes of your Majesty's sabjects; and further humbly to state that the sudden, unexpected, and uncalled-for withdrawval of the same has occasioned very general regret and disappointment. Of your Majesty's deep and anxious solicitude for the social improvement and moral elevation of the toiling masses of this great metropolis we have most abundant proof; and we venture to think that the intellectual and healthful enjoyment so opportunely and without solicitation provided by your Majesty's Government raS eminently calculated to refine their habits, tastes, and feelings, and to advance rather than retard the cause of religion and the public morality. We, therefore, humbly pray that your Majesty willbe graciously pleased to direct that the music in the Parks on Sundays shall be resumed, and so afford your faithful and devoted subjects a continuance of that delightful and highly appreciated enjoyment of which they are nowv temporarily de! Mr. TAvtac ER2 seconded this motion, which was also carried, as was a vote of thanks to Sir B. Hall, -which was given with nine times nine cheers for him and Lady Halln Thanks to the Chairman termiinated the proceedings.
I THE SATURDAY HALF-HOLYDAY. TO THE EDITOR OF T1IE TIMES. Sir,-I have just read the Earl of Shaftesbury's letter on the subject of the Saturday half-holyday, which appears in your columns to-day, and I trust you will consider the following facts sufficiently important to insert in your next impression:- Three years ago we adopted the plan of giving the men in our employ ahalf-holyday on Saturdays, and, although at first we held various opinions on the subject, weare now unanimous in our hearty approval of the movement. This privilege, I may say, is regarded by our men as one of the greatest boons ever presented by master to man, and, so far as we are enabled to ascertain, they avail themselves of this opportunity for rest and recreation, and may be frequently seen in Epping Forest, enjoying the fresh air. Our customers, the licensed victuallers, than whom a more independent body does not exist, have from the commencement given their cordial co-operation in carrying out our views; and, in fact, we now complete in 5A days that which formerly occupied six days to do, and this is without any inconvenience, and in the long ran I beheve we are gainers rather than other%wise by so doing. Our men are decidedly improved; we get better servants, and the work is done more heartily. Your space is far too valuable to be taL-en up with de'aifo, but if any manufacturer, wishing for information as to o11 methed of carrying out this plan in our various de. partmenas, will place himself in communication with us, we shall be most happy and ready to assist him with our experience; n_id it is our firm belief that if the movement could be more geierally adopted it would tend considerably to amehorate the p%ral and physical condition of the workng classes. We pay all our men at i o'clock each Saturday morning. I am. Sir- vour obedient servant. IL HANBURY. Jun. Truman's Brewery, SpitalfiecZ )ay 2L [Advertisement.]-Iiss Burdett t eig left town vn Monday last, the 19th inst., for the seawn.
RAT. BE2VEDICTS CONCERT. The annual concert of Mr. Benedict was held Ist night it Exeter-hall, which was literally crammed to suffocation by a brilliant and fashionable audience. The great attraction (of a programme in most respects attractive) was the name of Madame Jenny Goldschmidt lUnd, who appeared forthe first time after an absence of nearly two months from the metropolis. The selection of pieces, though fewer in number than Mir. Benedict has been in the habit of providing for hi; numerous patrons, was none the worse for that. On the contrary,we were glad to find the "monster-programme," as it is called, abandoned for something more sensible and brief. There was an exceLlent orchestra, which, under the able direction of the concoert-giver, performed Weber's Tubi7cc overture, MozartWs Zaubcrfl&e, and Mr. Benedict's Minncsinger in admirable style. The last was the preface to some vocal spedimens from a manuscript opera so calledcomprising three choruses, a barytone solo (Herr Rokibanski), and a tenor solo (Herr Reichardt), with chorus. These-the overture included-are sufficiently striking to justify high anticipations of the work from which they are taken, and which, if ever there happens to be an English Opera in London, we may have a chance, perhaps, of judging as a whole. lMr. Benedict came forward also as a pianist, in company with Herr Otto Goldschmidt, and in a concerto by J. S. Bach, for two pianofortes with orchestra, delighted the connoisseurs, while probably in a great measure perplexing the uninitiated. Tne performance was spirited and masterly on both hands. There was another duet for two pianos-viz., the Variations com posed by Mendelssohn and Moscheles upon Weber's march in Preciosa,-which were very creditably executed by Misses Susan Goddard and B. Williams (pupils, we believe, of Mr. Benedict). The other instrumental morceau c consisted of the adagio and fina7e from Molique's violoncello concerto, played to perfection by Signor Piatti, and the Ronc P'a.pageno by Herr Ernst a gay and animated piece suggested by some familiar passages in the ZazwberJte of Mozart, which--etilant d7cs.prit, as our near neighbours express themselves-never fails to please when performed by the composer himself. This was one of the most successfu displays of the evening. Madame Goldschmidt sang her very best last night, and gave the critic no chance to exercise his.vocation of finding fault. Her voice-and what a voice !-was in superb order, as clear, bright, and telling as we ever remember it. Her first essay was in a duet, with Signor Belletti, entitled, " I Montanari," an effective arrangement of Styrian melodies by Mr. Benedict. Thiswas enthusiastically encored; andno wonder, since it is not easy to imagine a more surprising and original display of vocalization. Here, as in the scena from Rossini's Turco in ItaUa-" Squallida veste e brana" -that especial quality which has ever distinguished Jenny End from other singers was strikingly manifested. The maost difficult bravura passages were not merely accomplished with the utmost ease, hut, to use a conventional phrase (for want of. a better), " a plekine voix." It was all genuine singiug-no compromise-and this, combined with a fascination of style peculiar to the artist, and a certain quality in the upper tones of the voice from the beauty of which no manifestation of force seems to deteriorate, exercised a spel which, though many might be unable to account for, none could possibly resist. Those, too, who remembered the sensation that used to be produced by Jenny Lind, at Her Majesty's Theatre, with one of her incomparable " trillae" (in the last scene of the SonnarnmZda, or the firstfinal of La Piglia, dcP Rcggimento), had possibly their old feelings revived by the wonderfuUycloseand even shakeuponAintheaariaof RossinL In Meyerbeer's quaint and charming duet-" La M6re Grande"-Madame Goldschmidt enjoyed the invaluable cooperation of Madame Pauline Viardot Garcia. Two such artists are not often heard together; and the result on the present occasion was as exquisite a display of vocal art as was probably ever listened to. Had Meyerbeer ever dreamt of such perfection he would devote the remainder of his time exclusively to the composition of duets for Jenny Lind and Viardot. And yet, will our readers believe that the attention of the majority of the audience was continuaUy disturbed in the course of this unparallelled -performance bv -ersons hurrv- 2ng trom tfeir seats 1 to avail themselves of the scanty means of egress-afforded by Exeter.haU is, doubtless, afiXed idea in the minds of persons who rarely attend the musical entertainments which tak~e place within its walls, but surely another moment might have been selected-either before or after the duet. Besides what we have enumnerated, Mfadame Viardof sang an air from Handel's AlXina, and another from an opera caUed Bienzi-by whom composed, however, was not stated in the programme. Herr Reichardt introduced a romance from an opera by the Duke of Saxe Coburg-Santa Chian'a, which was presented, for the edification of the Eaxisians, at the Acad6mie Impiriale de Musique et de IDanse, dur3ng the period of the Exposition, by coinmand of the Emperor2Napoleon IIL This one piece does not enable us to decide whether the Royal composer has made an advance upon his Casi1da-which, it may be remembered, was performed at Her MWajesty's Theatre (im the year of our Exhibition), with the clever and popular lMadame Charton as the heroine. *Whether Mr. Benedict conlsidered that his patrons had heard enough msic aalready-and that enough was as good nsa feast-we are unable to say; but directly after the duet to which we have alluded Mozarts overture to Zaubcerlote was played, and two vocal pieces were omitted fromthe prog,ramme. No one complained, however. The concert was quito long enough without them, and its quality for the most part was unexceptionable. We should have mentioned that at the end of Weber's ..ToFidlec overture where the English National Anthem is introduced, all the audience rose.
-TIE SociEy OF FRIENDS OF FOREIG?ERS.-Yesterday was celebrated, by a smptuous entertainment at the London Tavern, under the distinguished patronage of Earl GranviUe, Lord President ofthe Council, the 50th, or grand jubilee ar,niversary, of the Society of Friends of ;oreiera in Dkistress-au institution wvhich deservedly enjoys the ood opinion of the English comnnunity, and has successfully asserted its claims to the protection and patronage not only ofour own gracious Sovereign, but all the great crowned beads of the continent. It wvill not be out of place to state, on this special occasion, that the society owesits origin to a smnall circle of foreign Protestant clergymen, who were frequently exposed to applications for relief from distressed foreigners, and the result was the organzation of an institution in the year 1S06, which at once threw openits hospitable doors insa catholic and cosmopolitan apin-t to indigent aliens, without distinction of country or creed. The statistics of the society proclaim the striling fact that since its formation no less than 13,032 individuals have received relief from its funds; hut, as many of these have been indebted far more than once to the charity of the subscribers the total number of cases relieved may be fairly stated at 88,675. Of the recipients of the society's bounty 2,69 came from Africa, 482 from North America, 319 from South America, 1,648 from the West Indies, 449 from Asia, 32 from Australia, 3,863 from Belgium, 3,880 from Denmark, 5,132 from France, 43,947 from the various States of Germany, 22 from Greece, 5,205 from Holland, 70 from the Ionian Islands, 4,473 from Italy, 803 from Portugal, 4,097 from Russia, 1,058 from Spam, 8,830 from Scandinavia, 1,242 from Switzerland, and 154 from Turkey. In the year 1855 as many as 1,647 persons were casually relieved, and 165 furmished with the means of returning to their native countries, at an expense to the society of 10,851L. Two " noble" ladies have recently partaken of the society's bounty, one an Italian lady, the other the widow of a Russian nobleman long known in England. A literary gentleman (to quote another case) was saved from utter ruin by a vote of the directors, awarding the largest sum which their rules allowed to be given at any one time. Besides these benevolent acts of the society S4 persons have received regular pensions of 5s. per week during the past year, and 82 allowances more or less liberal, making altogether 166 regular recipients of relief in theyearl855. The ross total receipts for the 49 years amounted to 125,171., andrthe total expenditure to 125,1561. The income last year was 3,1411. (including the donations of 1,4291. at the annual dinner), and the disbursements amounted to 3,11St. Such are the facts of the case, on the basis of which Lord Granville made an eloquent and feeling appeal to a party of nearly 150 gentlemen. The result was a contribution amounting to upwards of 3,0001. It may be added that no list of subscriptions was read by the secretary, the committee having very wisely resolved to discontinue a practice -which, while it may gratify the vanity of a few ostentations donors; wounds the feeli:ngs of the really benevolent, and most vexatiously interferes with the festivity of the evernig. The noble chairman was supported by a select party, including Sir C. Fox, Mr. J. Labouchere, (t e treasurer of the society), the Chevalier Tottie, Mr. F. Huth, MfIr. Meinerzthagen, Mr. Sieveldng, &c. A large party of ladies graced the festival with their presence. The musical department was under the direction of Mr. Genge, and a number of foreign artistes, including Herr Pischekr, Mademoiselle EArall, Herr Deichmann, and others, kindly renderedtheir services to the society. The arrangements of the festival wrere in every respect wiorthy of iMessrs. Bathe and partners, and gave great satisfaction. Mr. Toole officiated as toastmaster. Aw IXFuRiTED Vx.-Wlhen are the horrors and inconveniences of intramural slaughterhouses to be abolished ? Sydney Smith used to say that until a bisbop was immolated there.wonld be no safety for railway travellers. Probably the imminent risk which several General officers were subjected to yesterday from an infuriated ox charging the interior of the Senior United Service Club may at length arrest the attention of Government to this subiect. It seems Mr. William Jeffireys, butcher, of Foubert's-p=ace, Regent-street, owns a farm at Shelstone, some six miles below Croydon, from which he consigns animals for daughter in London. Yesterday a drove of four oxen started from Shelstone, for london. At Brixton one of the animals, lame at starting, became incapable of proceeding further. After resting four or five hours the drover attempted to complete his journey, and had actualy arrived in Parliament-street, when the same beast again faltered and vwa unable to walk. Leaving a man in charge, the drover proceeded to IRegent-street ;;it the three other oxen. After missing its companions the lame ox became exited, and presentry made or in the direction of Charingcross. n Cockspuz.street the animal ran at and tossed an old man,~nd a second person was sO sriously inured by it at the corner of Waterfoo-place as to neos.essitabe hsis removal to the ho?pitaL. After tis the ox charg,cd the grand entranace of the Uinited Service Club-house, wk;ere one of the servants wag severely injured in his endeavour $o divert the brLte. While in the entrance a butcher contrivm to slip a rope over the anbnals horns, and, dexterously tlirning it round one of ihe pillars supporting the portico, She os was held in this poeztion until a poleaxe was procuzed, when it was W~Jed uponi 9$ .'t i
JTuulW2H EQUITABLE LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY. [Advertisement.) Tbe annual mecting of the above K)dety was held in Edinburgh oet the 6th inst. The report by the eirectors stated that the number of poclries issued during the year ending Ist of 3ardh Last was 636, the Eums assuredthereby being293,0. and theanual premiums thereon The result of the investigation for the triennial division of profits ws then announced. The surplus ascertainedto have arisen amouitedto E183,839, which wholly belongs to thb uembes, but of which one third (61,279) must, by the laws of the society, be set aside as a reservelor allocation atthe next triennsil division, in ISS9. From the remaining tvo thirds a bonus was decLared at the rate or 1 per oent. per annun on all policies on which siX premiums bad beers pid.not oulon hesums in tiec poucies, but also on the forner vesiedi Thero wu left, in addition to:61,2I9 of reserve above stated, a susplus of 13,623-together 74-,902. to go to the next division. The invested funds of the society amount to 979,261, the annual revenue to 169,40D, and the existing assumnces to i7W4 949 n Copies Mof the report may bc obtained at the society s hcadoffloe, 26 Sgt Andrew-square Edinburgh; ait the London oicc, 120, Bishop gate-etreet and at any of the a IncHD T~iICI,Lno gent.
Tim PooR LAw.-It appears that the total amount of the population of the districts in England and Wales in which the poor are managed under the provisions of Gilbert's and of local acts is 2,079,291-viz., 173,52(3 under Gilbert's Act, 601,009 under local union acts, and 1,478,282 under local parish acts The total number of places under Gilbert's Act is 200, the number of unions under local acts 21, and the number of parishes under tho same 15. jAdvertisement.1-Albert Smith's "Marchioness of Brinvillev~ thgoione ofbe 7thcentuary. is now eagerly sought after. The rimes tOpeBorgiastheMenfviliers. andother celebrated crim,. nals of the past stand forth in bold relief in the catalogue of guilt, p2roving that the "poisoned chalice" of the poet was no fantatic dream; and history shows that such crimes have been at certai periods of common occurrence. In the " Marchioneu of B3rinviers" Albert Smith has handled.adelicate, sabletttit a mnasterhiand. and the resut is a most exrordinary and interesting b-ook. for which an unparaUeled sae is inevitable. Price Is Sd.. or free by Poet for 22 stamps. London. George Boutaede and Co., Farzingdon-treet. [Advertisement.-Hfave you that never-failing source of enertaiment-an Aquarium ? If so, pnrchase Dean and Son's Is. manualonthesubject Shonidyou desire to have yourdinnerspri. perly dreued and served, then purchase " Cookei7 Made = sy fSeerl This book not only tells your cookl what to do, but ;ow to do it. i youwishyorhorsetolook weU andbeproperlyattended to "iPra7 ticol Directiong on the Choice. Treatnenk and Manageent of Hoeiseg by MIls~ X~V.C.S.. is the book YOua ought not to be without: Is. Haveyou agarden. andike it toDbook Well,and it so with little troublo? Then obtain W. ID. Smith's -PrtaaticaGuide to the Culture of the Garden;' i&. pest free, ig. 2d.c London : Dean. and Son. Pubiiahex Bible and's twonerywrehousq, 31, ludgatoe.hll. [Advertisemnent.]-c'`Midslipman Eas," by Captain Mxi sTtI=,lx. d. The reatchasmnof Marryats writingseasisa inthir a Readers never tir of his camn age-sd this will sonount for the extraordinarysucsorisbo. - copis of"Midhipan Esy" ave~ ~i ~ a~. ady.24 ediion o "PterSipIean'~~Xin'sOis"a,e gai rady Aniojtle lae vlume ofThe ailay Lbea,"wenotce Th
SALES BY AUCTION. At thre Mr.T-or .P ES. NORON HOGGART andTITb tonour il!pblicthat- the various P'RdJETI" dvr icr EA2 S~thUe Mart, To.-lorosywat P2, llbe ofrered in the follow- L 'Shor= n,ad Rev.erons to, Freehoitld, Leasehold, and Copyhold Esltee. situate is Middlesex and Sussex, MKoney in tre Funds, te I In,one lot. 2. Reversionary Interests In Money,in the Funds and 1339 Shares i t're lendon Assurance Office. 1n two lot&.I 3. Streathamn. Surrey.-Copyhold Property, fronting the Loulon high r"ad. 4- Chealelde.-Wet Freethold Rtental of 200 per zanu,ariIg of dwelling-houses and premise,_ 131, Cheaprtde. 8. Greenwich.-Freehold Shop andDwedhng-house,~situate 73,Church- 6. Ilyde. Isle of Wight.-Leasehold Residence known as Argus House, and Plot of Building Ground, situate U1, Wood-sre.I n 7. Stokenchureb, Oxfordshire.-Cottage; withL Garden. do. 5. In Chancery.-Elwes v. Trower.-Leasebold Property, eituate in P mtuan-square Upper Berkeley-street, Weymnouth-street, and Russeil-squase, improved Leasehold Ground Rents, and Freehold and Copyhold Property at Lane-end, Fingest, West Wycombe. :In 15 lnts. 11 IOPLIS, SON, anrd HARDING be-jtTo nnounc JLthatthoeFSTA&TES. advertised forSALEbyA?IClONby th= at the Mart. THIS DAY, will be sold in the following order:- 1. Leaseholds, Sermon-lane. Holloway-road; York-terrace west, Cnilfor-stret arsn's-green, Fulamn; Liverpool-road, axrdCGrays- 2. Cpyhld amiy Rsidece nd rouds,Cranfordl, Middlesex. 3. reeol Vila teidecu3 Bth-oad Hunslow; two Houses and Ffrndr, Sacol-luc;anda Cpyhld roud Rent with Reversion, 'Well-mnade modern Furniture and Effects. A GEO. ROBINSON will SELL, at his Rooms JL2.OdBond-street, on Tuesday next. May 27. at 32, FUR'J1'ICPRE. -to.. which comprises bedsteads and bedding, chests of drawers, winged and other wardrobes. vrahttands, dressing t-ables and glasars a rozewood drawing room suite, a 61-octave Pianotorte by Brondwvood and Sons dining tables and Chairs, pedestalsfideboard. conches, writing tables, cutal-ins and carpets, chinygls,easy chairs, shop fittings, andI a varity of effects. May be viewed the day prior and catalogues had. M1onthly Sale of Pictures and Draw-ings by modlern Artists, the origin- ality o4 wbich will be guaranteed to th-e purchasers. rR GEO. ROBINSON's next SALE will take .IN. laethi Rooms. 21, Old! Bond-street, onuThursday, Junie 5. jat I prcisly, and wil inclaude sPecimens by the under-mentionied Aston T. J. Cooper, A-R.A. Hemsicy Vickers Ba3rter De Fleury Hunt. Wadeson B3rcuroey Fitzpatrick Jones Wer Clark Gray Kpight 'White ('lay Gil F. R. LeO, R.,. Williams, &Ac. May be viewed two da3ys prior and catalogues had. Sudbury. SnLtfolk.-lmportant Sale oif Wearing AppareL. A" CARDINA-LL lias received instrictions from the 'k* Proprietor to SELL by AUCTION,V without the slightest reserve, at Siudhury, on Friday and Saturday net My 23 and 24, about ]LCCO Iots of new and s-econd-hand WEARINDG -mrAPPAEr, also about 500 lots of UnredeemedrPledges._Sale tocommence at 10each day. This Day.-Clothlee's stock. ALIJ . ROBERT REID) will. SELL, at his Rooms, LV.Great Marlbor.ough-street. THIS DAY, May 22, at 1 precisely. the STOCK of a CLOTHIER ; comprising black cloth frock and dress coats, pilot over-coats, velveteen, moleskin, aud crd coats and ja-kets, cloth. doe, cord, and mole trousers, silk, moleskin, sleeve, and other waistcoati, shirts, &c. M1ay be viewed, and catal7ogues had. Furniture, Remrainivg tock of a Draper. and some Garden Vasesa. M R.HENR FOSER wll SLL by AUCTION,q at is rea Rom 10,Oxfrd-tret.near Soho-squsre, THiS DAY Thurday.- te ~, at12.DRAPR'sSTOCK, viz., linen'. calcoe, ouglots,poiis,caubscs.Ac ai sme useful household furitue. 4 atiicil sonegadenvass, ndan extra large fire-proof Household Furniture, remored from King-street, Covent-garden, and misocellaneous Property. NTR. E.ATHOAS wil SELL by AUCTION, at this ILGalooy.3 Leicooester-strure,O TIS EdaENINGy3, May 12, atile BTOCK prits pa inTings, -Carved Zi P and oter ooe,jeelery. waearn appar0enbelopt andshes0-00 p2icesi dtof rOoopalaptrnhosehpoldfrntue,mn compiesnleges tentls an-ote besotmeads 30 faannecn aoay wash'ro sre bens olt lse,crpt,A.O view, andCatalogues haterom,ad at theautoes fie,8 T e Sansitionets. Daesi ac od,Boes n tes ESrRS AG willWSELwLl byEAUCTION, TI the All Ro s2ator't-sr o Friay Mayh co0,eat 12, the SumtOC e ofcl a n TTIValRu comprising postwo Cands fosapd papers, Chi00 nvelpghes, 20r.`S0e0 iCiarPditt, Pcpyboos, valdentines j, porte-mn fanales. gr, fournaozen an asortmeut ofin fansy goods, iron screw Wataninpess two Chironsaes f)et4 Weglass casesn, andousefu turns. Tof be view.ed Catalozues at the rooms ; and at the. autoneer's offices, 8 5.Coleman-street.ciy NO Le B 'atheUrhed.squrrey.-Totesfoth county. r R_ EG. H.CRAW&TIN illntrcedt SELL by ACIN J3 AUTIGONwa', on tue1eiesda, ase3 atove, withoda cemet,o the lrotrsgeea 1. tWO FREEHioLde HOUSES.Thops and PrFEmises elgibl situathe inu th high stret,ocuied byo aepso.inthentor and Ihristie. produing re,nts pamountsingtos inearly10ope annum.ar-gny ticun arsuruehd at theo Sand Ioning,o satherhatlouedo the SpearEe, Epsem;.an Of' Msrs. S.H.W3arters andtion,er solcitr, 34, Bandiaghali-rstre a'et, Gartbwny's ; and of, Cmesrs.dCraterra,suvor, idlaud agents, Ac.. 3, ToBedford-sw and Cotharn.El, il Surrey, orEtal , ar Courniture Tclden-WAinuttre Sand proprewoo r Chairand CucsG hes 1II R. GODDERBOD will SELL by AUCIO,CTIthe LV at Ithem 24.tl Torate-stDlreet,, THI Mnay. May 22. at 12, th3 aboveA AItTSCLES and othr v-ELLAI','EjOUSF PROPERT. Tonis reu vi,d Ceataloues aTogthe roomshand ath Mitr. Goddard' oances ut4sil Cole ab-stret cty.eu lybevee.Prtclsnc lditlzsofz ~ Dalertap-ms,s andtthers,;an fth utimr 2iI . Golr.H MA TNiintutdtSELb IVI. ON.I onthe PrmSEsL, as resbove, on on ayet, thle 20t lar at 12. h thesuperirmdr FURNITURE oagetman'srsdeFFeCTS;w loghi ram dining Priodom,aD prioungsuiteswing rosewoodteand mahogany, caig small clrof win, kicenrqists and nudtbm aycamervou effecntts.nOn vainew onSturayprortandimoning ofo sable. eCatloguesdond theapros lrgies ahindnofMr.G.aH. Mrarin.l cauctoner.Pact, A4rand ian. C asas Councher Ttademarbsle-tepwSale, thre popigtbetor relnquishicngh bcsineglss.'n iclaeu fet.M evee ngfjd i~1R. ETRER HEOADSO will SELL by AUCTI - 'ML aTI- ath Catle Taven,' MArknis1ttel. onMndtay.ay2, at Tuesda3. pl1ace2, Old St pancris-r,nond: heldan for an terme of 2er.a the lowro ren o 0 pr nnm. ogthr wthal th sfxtres,ftting,ands diton ofsae o te remse;a te astle andao the hauctoner Capial 'urritue. 10 o. Pate.Linn sehina an Furisuclanedu _jLES.S TDRO wLLOIW'1 SEL SELLeer by A aTIOthe onI Sale proom._ I% EbUrY-etreet. Bemlgraecour, MonModa,Aay. 2ay i,at 12,fo th grenuinelyyodro UNthRe Pofpaientlemauttn's rEsiladec, nohe withEnasnotpeid comprising irnan dthrawn reseoom suieasine rbeddong. chtegais, boa, couch.olrs, andcard frables,es chairs twouhs briillant-od Vlarge chimney-glasses, Brussels carpets, four-post, fedrab ira-n'i,an ~cbina, glass, sac ischenandcdoesti reffects,ay be Viewedo Saturday, 4n anCatalogues han a the rrmss:ooms. ucines,15 rlaet-tet an BlTrONe autio the Kieng'soArmseHotel, Grostpen, onstee Etuesday Mayni2ce. at zrsely,go inlets. t pusant to aOen Orer ofjn th Corto haighestcyain Londn.md in the mhk'ls atestoerut of WliamTheme.o ari aOndrot.O whell-s pered ofRaEellDGRownD RiE NT, montn to 2 lIsOd.per unu t. aisnge fro 23err c rottaes, statind ewiksCotthageswthehgaordn,stuate in the amstes,lt t oralyeae at rents aomoe,uo to  ejiatas,tpert Stannum ParicllrsT may beUhadOf, Messs. an J.If.Linkate an Hakwod, solicTors.ay la 7, Se-ane, Tenduab: and ofG theautioeer aniebdn-n otreet, Barstape. hpo PemrtYOf 3 eloslemndw well-manufahisctuired ouehod t urlnituroh sad LVI.twont theaPremtises,of,thur-lteet,Pandma,tenr Monay,belaye23 atw1 orayspreisranely,abyordesroftenPoprietar quttig n gmbhlan,fth whoe of the O modemD O and wellp-mnftueFUNTR ad EffEE5 Jwycmprising ironseand onther bdta~d ffts, seasone b oling Mlate mime-lsses 2, BOld selry carpeS D, curayins, fedes fle-rorrsel,b Caaoguer on the 1rPrto,remoisesgo the reaucioneer, 15,~I PaRliamnCsreet and Beigahoguiony wandros,enofce, 1l.wGros,enar.-stetanEstee-ssi Magnificent assmblage of anciet,6 and mo ternEgaving, ofathed hibhest ci' lass,esn lgn th choioes statle asd tobeaut over imrsessond ad condtio: th prpert ofa well-knownngcoletor.,toine LI0.s WILKhirSO, ihaurctioneeso iteroary, prolertry tandes worsyo parntig ha y the honou toanucetaahe ilshL AUCT, iON at thir Hose,I3 W a'elirtnstre,Srn, 'C 03fbons Truselsda,Mr andKidr foloingte carpeats fnepreisely,sand extreeychoien colection ofy ber aned taluable EriGrtaeG anf thoges anietained modenmses the pro-s';=da phertyice of ah well-kooncolecto, whon isrt comeleled touareliqis h two layspo. and catalogues renowredy an Tayble hd r Ahemconitmry on reeitlf. twpat bstamps. th u ESRBE RUwil SELL by AUCTIN o h LI Treise, 4,a Oldei Jreaty THI DAY.sMay.2,Nrat 21 precisel,b mOrdero thPRopriEtfor,eoig the rema dining l'rooTURE cebru- ainofrt, las m pigan forps adcmnde ase bookca ses,lbartalsone ahogay wadrobs, cests othraers bwatead~s,dseasoned tabls an glases,elegnt cnsol tabe a d , gass o ae. lrgsewe daraw- paining bytheoldmastrs,ICOvet. a books dreeased an ld Kider montercorets fedenflr-iros,nrllat Crnutnsl. Mray be viewed the ffies o th autioner,1, Muntstret,fer Mle ssqure. u Sandiloe-rw oe Furniture Watches,wm Tr drcinkes al oclin, Cudthe Gls.sdvrosMselnos Ifet;pr yodro h MjESS S. andSHDAORTH Wi SELL bY AUC- L .TiO athotei grceatRoom, on t ue1emLsdyMa2, 31hBandorsomet Coderna FRITDYUirEy2 t1 for th 1rwn and dising rooms, cabimoene HOfSEOr LD large Ier E osgiI fio and Fhmegass kss iraryh tbles. ~rsteds andTurkey carpets,. marabianop and other bedhsteads, sasned tbleddng wartofdrobs,cessof draerss,n washst and'e andra largle variet ofMa appedagsroo r sthes sleeping apatmnts;. als card gold watheh and chains, souse, trinkets, anceroal effasY oftta ladyts dceraise, Soldaby di rectiontof the diisrmgator ond b6ehafthe Croqwne. M6ay be viewedl th a rceiganeatalogues had at thee Oemfsicesn of Mh rclessrs RuVshwrthc and Jdarvs, Qaeelie-rom, Bregetnt-tet. n 0 hnealy Choice Sevres Porcelain. MESSRS. CHRISTIE and MANALNSON respeofully LI give notireothat they will SELL by AUCTION, at their great Room, King-street. St. James's-square, on Friday. 51ay30, at1 o'clocl precisely, a PO1RTION2 of the choice COLLECTION of fine old MEVREgS FORCELI. formerly the property of a nobleman. including a very finc jardiniere painted with pastoral scenes, a benutifulevan. tail of the largest size, beautiful eriers and basins, vases, a superb bowl, cabarets, jardiniires, plateanu. cups and saucers, and other objects, compri-ing about a hundred pieces, all of the finest old pate tendre; alsothreesuperboldDresden jardinifreswithgroupsof naturxal dowcrs ofo old Wvres porcelain from the Countess of Blessington's collection, fouir m3 ,nificent old Serres _ro3 bleu sceatLx, and a very important painted archaic creek vase. Maybe viewed four days preceding, and catalogues had. - Red-hill. Reigate.-To N;urserymen and Florists. IF;- WMI. THORTON will SELL bv AIUCTION, r t tthe Auction tart, on Saturday, May31st, at 12. that well. situate and hichly valuable PROPEBTY sonstituing the Monson Nursery Ground. withanr eoerected residence3sd rangeofconserTatories, in length 76 feet, unners span roof; together with the Goodwill of the Proitab'e and inc-'reasing Trade, now carried on by the owner, ins rapidly mVingnehbouhood e tenure i leehold for an unexPired term af 24 years, direct from the freeholder, at thC exceedinglylowgrou'ndrentofze7. The purchasmerwillbe equred to tahe the stock at a customary valuation Particulars with cenditions of sale, may be obtained, 10 days previosly at the Auction Mat; cffice ofthe Gard&nere Chronicle; or eb - feawarded on application to MIr.Wm. Thornton. land agentand Sdrveyor, Od An Assemblage of capital modern Fuiture, in excellentcondition chinney-glasses,Pianoforte. and amneroIsuseful articlesofFusi tare, being the genuine Stock of a Cabinetmaker and removed for convenience of sa!e, which will be sold under circumtances Pecludin allreserve. ,, ;USTUS SMITH will SELL by AUCTION aiu5 Rooms 265, Blackfriar-road, near the bridy AUCn TIeOdNY tay 27, at 1 for 2 promnpt,the capital modern.FINIT in excel_. stncondition; comprising5ets of'walnuvt-trele, rosewood, and m'abo gany chaet', ofalcouches, and easy hairs, leo, card, occasional, asd,] s-ets'of dining inbel',k chimney and pier glasses, Dianoforte, four-pout nd ..Archan bedstead, mahogany ehest of drawrers;marblte tpvswh s;*and, n nunerosneeful articles, 5ray be viewred on Mrood an te'5+72xdcnorkinlgef fites, and catalogues hedtt};rOOan 5bvcr. hinsdattheroomsM ekodical fale lestabliahed biISM34) appointed to take plw te sArt ThupyinOIeSymontII, of Absolute aid Contingent aeesdnto. Mmded ad oUm ty" , Life irteresis, Annuities. Policies of Aspranp, dToson, Iext Pregent4Ltions, MaINnorial Rights, REtt ChAm i Ue ofTithew, Post Obit Bod,Toutines~ Debenture,% Impro'red Rents, Shase in Dockz, Can&lx..Xbne., Railways, Inhor. 5150 Q=fli4i. and otbw pubUe, Uridertakinsl fro theye. R. AUabE t:a to announcethAtihis EB10. MN1 DICIAL SAL-S ( .abised in 1843)ur the dispoea1of efesy Scrtoaofthe above-imenttoeed PRIO TY. take plawe on the =atThusd l n eachmouth throughout the year. as under: January 3 m,ay I septeme Februry I un ober March July 31 November 6 A~~~~~13 ~~~~August? I December4. I'Manh"beeniducedto hold theseesleafrom the incroelu demand for the trnsefer of property o this description, the Tlare ox whiclh as a means of Investmen is diybecoming better appeca td and from his experience of the heavy drawbacks and great diffculty to which it has been expoeed in the ordinary oours of sale, and the expe. siene o th las 12reas ha prvedthe bov lIn to be equally ad. to te vedor,and implfyin thetranferto the pucasr cc sevendays priortoesels day of sale, at the ar,ndtM.Mrs' offices, 2 C,harlotte-row, Mansion-house: rwl efrwre reo arpllcation. Pexiodlical Sale (established in 114.3) of Reversions, Policies, Annuities, Shares, Bonds, &c.-For Thursday, June 5, an Annuity of 1l23 par annum, arisiug fromifinded Propry receivable during the life of a gentleman now in his 50th year, and Two Policies of Insurance. R . MNARSH has received instructions to include in his next Monthly Periodical Sale of Reversions, Policies d,. apited to take place at the Mart, on Thursday, June 5. a6t 12. the LIE shINTEREST of a gentleman), now in his 56th year. in 1I23 par annum, arising from fended property, standinjg in the n!ames of three trustees of the highest ressetabilit a lso Two Policies of Insnurnce for the respective sumLs of X500 and .450, effected with the Londlon and Provincial Law Life Assurance Comnp any on the life of the above gen-. tleman. Plarticula~rsmaybeobtained attbe'.fart;of. Messrs. orby, ,Toregood, and Tuke.'eolicitors. 31. St. Swvithin's-lane, city; and at Mlr. Marsh's. offices, 2. Charlotte-rowv. Mansioni-house. Periodical Sale (established in 1843) of Reversionz, Policies, Annuities Share.s, Bonds, &o.-For Thursday, J-une 5.-An Absolute Reversionl. ary Interest in Leasehold Property, situate in Charles-street, Northiampton-square, and Spencer-street, Clerkenwel], and Wheeler'splace Hrunpstead-road' .MARSH has received instructions to includle in [NI next 'Monthly Periodical Sale of Reversions, Policies. Lc., appointed to take p lace at the Mart, on Thursday, JunRe 5, at 12, the ABSOLUJTE REVERSION, on the decease of a ldy, ii~ed 63 years. .1o a ONE-SIXTH PART of the followinig valuable LEASE (OLD PROPERTY. yin. :-a House. in Charles-street. Nortbampitort-square; a Homse. in Spencer-street, Clerkenwell; and six Houses, us Wheelersplace, Hampstead-road,-producing rentals amounting to 223 per annumn. Pa.ticulars may be obtained at the Mart; of James Miller, Esq., solicitor, 24, Eastcheap; and at Mir. Marsh's offices, 2, Charlotterow. Manision-house. keriodical Sale (es'tablished in 184) of Rev=sions. Policies, Annuities, Shares. Bonds, Ue., for Thursday, June 5.-La Chiancery: " Wright and Fitchen.Y-To, be Sold pursuant to an Order of the Court of Chncry, mnade by the Vice-Chancellor Wood, dated 7th July, 3855, Iin h ab8ev cause. R. ARSEhs received instructions, pursuant m oa rder of tbe HUgh Court of Chancery, to include in his next monthly periodical sae of reversions, polic'ies. ac., appinted to tae Le tth art. on Thursday, June 5,- at 12 o'clock th cABSOLUTE REVERISION to the SUTM of X1,000 Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, standing in the names of two most respectable trutee, nd ecevale n he eceseof r.Thomas Roff, of BoortonontheWaer inth cunt o Glcete, alsd.71 in September last Fre of egas duy. Psticlaisro"ybe toeds t the iMart; of dwad Bnmaer,Ens. oliito, 1. J~-st,Beaferd-row: of Messs. hode. Sn. ad Bffe, soiciors,63.Chacer-ae and at Periodical Sale (established in I843) of Reversions, Policies, Annuatties Shares, Baonds, ia-'For Thursday June 5.-A Policy of Assurance for the Sum of 500 in the Unit es ingdomn Life Assurance ComIpany. Pall.mall. Rii . MARSH has received instructions to include ,LIin his next Mlonthly Periodical Sale of Reversions, Policies, &oe,, appointed totake Place at the IMart, on Thursday. June 5, at 12, a POLICY of ASSURAUNCE for the SU'M Of 500. effected with the United lgingdom Life Assurance CorsPany, S. Waterloo:plare, Pallmali, on the 2d of August, 1849, on the life of a gentleman, aced 63 years. Particulars may be obtained at the Mart; of James Goren, sq.et, solicitor, 29. South Molton-etreet, Oxford-street; and at Mr. M'arsh's offices, 2, Charlotte-row, Mansion-house. P'eriodical Sale (established in 1843) of Rever-sions, Policies, Annuities- Shares_, Bonds, &c., for Thursday, June B.-Two Absolute Rover, sbuns to the sum of 200 each, Three par Chute. Reduced. R . MARSH has received instructions to include in his next Monthly Periodical Sale of Reversions, Policies, &e. apoite tonL hake-plac aTtheuMrts nTday, Juno - e 5,ntngat 12.vnetw lots,TW RedOucdThee DrRCeROnt. ac Anuto N-FmT PAT MrSARe,Ho thasU fceived instruCtonts. edtco recivabe n h idec nexe ofaldyow nthlPeriodical r of her ago. Particesaramay bepobtinted tot aeat the Mat;o Msrs.o Thbuisdaye aundS Matkr2O'solck- Peridicl Sae (stalishd i 183)00RevrAins,Poiies, Anneitabes,n Shars Beds, c.-or Tursdy, uno .-ThPCotingentma Rever3sion to 375 Reduced Three par Cent. ALnuities i%irB M RH ha recived nstrctios to includ .LLihinxtMnhyPeriodical Sale(etbihduIS3 of Reversions. Policies, &c.,_1_ Sappined, tontake lace. theMat.o Thursday, June 5 . nAmut at 125 o'lok- theu deceaseiovabla dy,iage o the li th of Junentext, arvied h1 er- dagtR, MARedS3 last br eureivedisher.articulas maym bhe obtalinedna thesMart; of MEssars. Bennet and Pauol.en delictors, to Sine-u inbsnx nnhyPeriodical Sae(etbise n83 of reversions~, Policies. AnnuitS,- Shrines, Bons &a-e r Thusa, Jun e 5hrsa, aune5 AniLtyo pe annum. screceanvaable durin.g the Life of teabovGemntEdal anMd 4 er;as a Policyvoff Asurance. man, agedsu 41 ear, efA wthth ArSHuhs reeivuaned inst any, onsthomlthe ofutof. visng Assigtneen Sof, EdwardtBel, an inolventdbtoaeard, toainlude inbnnxPotl eriodical saleetbise n 83 of Reversons, Policies, Acn aite- Shaes.tedoutas,&ceat thfortro Thursday. June 5. Ihatce12, lEa ONEampl secread anderpa`yable dLif- ithers duforfnth abdovehnamd ofarlad, Bl,aged 41 years;i alsohoa ProliyefAssturane for Bthe asumof 150,t effectdit ther annmhrguLied AuPrancert Copnyin the;an lif Cofnthnen of MsRs. Wootton hand Srnsoicedito trs, oenhose-pard,uank;t and-at or.eo M th'e oficg,2 CharlottCane-row,Mnion-thoue.apoaino Pothyeriodical Sale(esablihedino143)of evrionsc,appolicies,nnutikes Shares.tth Bond, &,for Thursda;y, June 5 t-2,inChoncery-"BartheUmE V.Fr adohes"Te ieIneetduring widowhood of a lady,ae 7yaso hraot, i aged4. yeros,ecin FreeholdtProprty, sitate. ath uahnla nut lf5aeranu, charged upon property in Bath;: and aE a ContingentLeayo Leg. acyof2ez,asmyb banda h a fM.0 .Coe soiitr B 5. ASHuthaspt receiedin em i Cst urctions, pusantdato slicantorder8 ofutheaHghton-urtu of Canesry,Pwihnth appBarobaio o Moncthly, eosath Sndate ofr Revrsions, Pofficies, 2r. Cappointedo tonstake lChesat te. Martabon Trehursday,June ait at, in oneelot,itheeINoE Hnelowduin Nidwhool ad Wolfallady ageom7yerisin tor therpeabou,ina FREoLtguu totemSUarketon or Aule aEL nd-OS Nantwcad GReig, aile anrAnnutyho 50,e pSyation duing the woidowhood ofrthWestmer lady chArged upo apop rty einvBth andaso aContsen Legac ofe 2l0 PArticulars maytn bner bthieode at the Maurt; of Mr.nkruF.cok, sn nolictor,e aDouihastion-buiteldirgag esss. ChurchL and AUgdaOe, solictheCors, Houteampton-dlemdTIS; ofY Mea2s, Payne andth Battero soliiors, Bntwoth;an atlMra Mashe offices, 2,SCAroTE-rowiz, MansionWaterhore.-oalna Fareeol,Etaesituate in the parishes ofHaklwadNw halinkteltow,nsbehipl, AndWoleam, comptaxrisingmtw compactingarms, conintigum-oustohe, marith towst sfudbesadtantialrikbicht andrighltua muiles from the acrewof tatoundo hLno and.rmral ferthl Wrbestmern dow,andpstr lanSH hasknoreceied tonsetrubetdions farom thet dJs3tLAbautgncs atingunered theL Order oheetae of the Cor Eo anirlpof Kimryand upoSit; n the application of thMMrtsres. toS.Lb anCTIWN Warthern or Monk moarmstate ienta the2 parihso ann AlceoWoand New Farm iut a ola in the township of Audlem, adtxrdee, comprising con vcenin ofeqarm-houerieln, withms suoboiossn gltantially brc-utariultua farlm-ousy and Dr. ncsmith utbilins; in the occupation ofMsr.J an Wr. Charles Harvey, at the moderate rental ofeW 10Ma annum. May be C H clise Ee-,soliito, Aulem atthe Crowne Inns, Audesen Bernar-tet usl-qae ~4 .MARSH has receieintuiosoSELb iL AUCTIN,at the Mart, on Thursday, Jun ,a 2 h LEASEHOLD FA IYRESIDENCE, 36, Brsr-tetRsel pied ome ears at rentl of05 ar anum,held upon laefor a ter of52 ear, lss 1 dys romChrstms,1801, at a ground rent. Desirable Long Leasehold Residence at Pimlico for sale, by direction -Rof the Adaslnitrtrix, with possession. JR. MARSH has receivedl instructions from the i.Administratrix of the late Mr. Edward Williams to SELL by AUCTON, at the Mlart, on Thursday. June 5, at 12, the desirable recently erected, FAMLILY RESIDENCE, of commanding elevation, situate in the meet preferable part of, and being 105. Tachbrook-street, Pimlico, on the estate of the late Thonmas Cubitt5 Esq., at present in the occupation of the vendor, but moderately estimated to produce a rental of 50 par annum; held for a term of which 73 years are uner- ired, at theveye low ground rent of 58 per annum. Slay be viewed gyprmrssion, and particulars, with conditions of sale, obtained at the Mart; on the premises: of Messrs. Bennett and Panid, Solicitors, 1, Sie ln,city; and at' St. Mrarsh's Office, 2, Charlotte-rowr, Mansion-house. TXo Trustees Capitalists, and others.-The valuable Rectorial Titte o the PYars of Hartlatnd, ini the county of Devon, amounting-t 5060 Is. par annum; presenting adfrst~-class security. MJR. MARSH has been favoured with instructions JJto SEL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday June 5. at 12 (unleaspreviousl disposed of by private contract), the IIEOTORIAL TITHES payable to the improPriator of the PARISH of HARTLA2ND, in the county of Devon. which have been comtd tarent charge, In lieu of tithes, of 00 Js, per annm,Hatlad in aref markect-town), situate on the coast of the Bristol Channel, about 12 miles from Bi1deford, and comprises an area of 10,700 acres of armble meadow, pasture, and open land. The population in about 3.000, and~ the land is in the hands of comparatively a small proportion of owners. The tithe rent-chargo for the present year calcuflated on the average Price of coca, wil be above four percent, 6eyond the amount for the past Year ; there in no deduction from the amount receivable except a, Sum of Oie. Id. Payable to the Archdeacon of Barmstaple, and the duty to performed by aperpetual curate, for whom a sepamt ebarge in apportioned quite distinct from the above. Particulars with conditioans Of sale, maY be Obtained at the Mart; of Mesr. Esiwards. Radcliffe, and Davies, solicitors, S. Delahay-etreet, Westminsster:. of Messrs. Drew and Son, land agents and surveyors, Peamore, nacr Exeter; and at Mr. Marshs offices, 2, Charlotte-row. Mansigon-house. To be Sold Pursuant to a D-cree ofteH0 or fCacr,md in a cause "Sumner v. Srca, ihteapoaino i John Stuart, ECnignt, the Jud5 owos or hesi auei t tached at the Au tion Mart, us the city of Lnn,on Thursday, thle 5th daY of June. 18StO, at 12 O'clock- at non finvde lots, by Str. HEN RY EDMIUND MUARSHj. iPRERTAIN Freehold and Copyhold Premises, situate I xy attitrand-on-the-Green, Acton. and Brentford, in the county of 1iddlesex, late thepropertydof r. o arlykJeffers, of Acton-green, in the tme county, market gardener, deceased, panriculars fhereof may be had gratis) of Mzessrs. Catrs and Son, solctors, 23, Frenchursdstreet, f,ondon; of Mrr. John Jamues C lark. solicitor, Brentford- Mfr. C. J. 3Ionkhrouse, a Craven-street, Strand, London; of MIr. if. E. 3farsh, the auctioneer, 2, Charlotte-row, Mansion-house, London; and at the principal inns in the locality. Shepherd's-bush, overlooking the Lawn. TtTB IARSH has received instructions from the ,AI M ortgagee to SELI. by AUJCTION, at the M1art, on Thursday June 5, at 12, the substantial and well-built IIESIDENCE,with capital shop and business premises, pleasantly Eituate in the Uxbridge-road, overlooking the Lawn, Shepherd's-bunS; now in the occupation of Mr. Maynard, plumber and glarier, but modematelykstimated to produce arentalof 0 p,erannum; heldon:leaseforatermof 45years from September, 1846. at the low ground rent of 9 per annum. May be viewvedby permission, and particulars, with conditions of sale. obtained on the premises; at the RLoyal HIotel Shepherd's-bush; at,the Mrart; of 3fesasr& Trehemn and WYhite, oocleirs. 135 Barge-yard-chambers Bucklerebury; and at M.r. Mfarch's ofifices, 2, (Iharlotte-row, M1ansion: houose. _ Buckinghamshire.-100 acres of highly productive Freehold Land, most eligibly Fistlate wiithin five miles of Bicester, and six from the county tow. of B cgbinaham, offering an exceedingly desirable and eligible investment. M R. MLARSH has been favoured with instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at heh Mfart, on Thursday, July 3, at 12, in one lot (unless an acceptable offer be previousl made by private contract), a valuable FREEilIOL,D ESTATE, advantageously situate at M'arsh Gibbon. Biye miles from Bieeoter, six fromV Buckincham, and two from the Lautmtn Ssteion on the North-W estersn Ralwvay to Oxford, Tneestateconsistsof I00acres of rich adprwluctivelandm a viag fence (30 acres of which are meadow and pasture, aud theremainder arable), a recently erected cottage, with barn snd requiste agricultural buildings, the whole of which are substantially built of stone with slatedl roofs, and judiciously placed in the centre of the property. It is divided into seven conTensent enclosures, and let on lease to the present occupier, Mr. Thomas Parher, arespectable tenant, for a term, which wl expireat ratdy-day. 1861, at the moderats nettental of ;:l0OPer amnum. The above offerasa most eligible small landed investment, and is now let at a very low rental. hlay be viewed on appliration to the present tenant, and particu1arss with conditions of sale, obtained at the principal inns in tire neighbouring tow,ns; of P2. G. Kinsh, EEq. solicitor, Deddiufton, near Woodsoclc: H, W. Young,j Esq., roiciter. 10. Gray's-inn-square; aed at the offices of hIr. Mares, autoneer andeurreror, 2;Caharlotto-rowr, Mansion-house, L,ondon,whro I is fully empowered to negotiate a sae by prisate treaty. j' MAS baa received inst-ructions to SELL by Al3V'TION. at the Mart, on Thursday. June S. at 12, a dosirSble LEASEHOLD RESIDENCE. knewn. as Upton Cottage, sutriate between thke stations of the Brightor and North Kent Ralways. at New-cosa;let heldr owng emO Zes&table tenant, at a renta of MO0 per annum, and hl0 eaefomn VI.SHoEp;tal for a turna of 44yearsfrom Lady-da;-last, at apounad rent, includiDig insurance, ofC53 s. perannum. Maybe viewed bpeMiion of the tenant, aud patiuars. with, conditiDus of sale, orbtaied on the premilses ; at tune MasNt; Of Messrs. Blunt and Shadwell, solicitors, 13. Ausinfriars ; and at?Mr. Marsh's offices 2Cbltt-w..fnsion-house. IReadin , ierkshire.-Absolute Sale Of TWo semi-detached freebold IVilla tesidences,delightfnlly situate in Castle-crescent, Causl-hil. Land-tax Redeemed.- MIR. MkARSH has received instructions from the --- Mlortgagee,and withthe consent ofthe Assignees, to SELL by AUCTION, at the Bear Hotel. Reading, on Saturday, June?,. at 6 mn the evening.i onen lot, TWO semai-detached FREEEHOLD VILL.A RtESIDENCIES, delightfully situate in Castle-crescent, Castle-hill, Reading, each containing four bed rooms and dressing room), drawing, dinig, nd bealfaateom, to kiches, suilry,andai necessary dometicoffces Leto enr Clyto. Eq.,and Mr.Chria-es- Good- adH ptNe asoiciosg,Jhnl-street, Bntedt for4d-on;o. esr.3 j IJ . ARSH has received 'Mstuctions to SELL by A AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday, June 12. at 12, An one ltIC unes !rvosy disposed of by private contract), a valuable L SEHOD ESTATE. corn prising te capital resideneces an'Ibusiness prenises, N-3 and 4 ow Basiaghali-atreet, en wvhich a con- lieabe sar.h been laeYexpendled-, let on lez Dmost respectabl tnans,atrenal amunin to(5 pr imum ;held fora term of 6 yers (hic isreneabl on aymnt fianea), from Michaelwas 117,atth vey ow roxdcen o 1 ls.Per annum. Stay be viewd b pemisionof he esatl,andparicuarswith conditions of sale btaied a theMart of 0 ~. iircnt, sq,.solicitor. 45, Fallmal; ad a M. Mrshs ffies.2, halote-cw,Mansion-house. A well-ecured Net Rental of 30 -per annum, a rising from exaceed- ingly Talniable and compact Long LeaseholdI Property, situate in the City-road. R. MARSH has received instructions to SELL by ..Y. AUCTION at-t tbe 'dart, on Thursday. June 19. at 12, int oiie lot (unlerssan acepta le offerbecevoualy made byprivate contracti. a very eligible and compct1 A5EHOLD ESTATE. comprising lNos. 3. 4.,56 7 S, 9. and 19. The Change East-road City-roAd formerly k~nown ~as iWinworth`&-buldings. most desirably 1situate, froniting the leading thoroughare to Cantonbury, and the north of London. Four of the houses are let to responsible tenants on repairing lenses, and the remainder are let on agreementa for leases on similar terms. The whole property produces rentals amaounting to 319 15e. per annum, and islhcld for a term, of which abont40 yearsare unexpired, at ground rents separa,tel,ysecured on each house May beviewed by permission of the tenants, and particulars, with conditions of sale, obtained at the *Mart; of Messr. Blunt and Shadwell, solictors, 13, &ustin-friars; and at Mr. Mardi's offices. 2, Obarlot to-row.3Mansion-house. Valuable Life Interest in the Blore Esta,te, in the county of Stafford. comprising about 700 acres, with Residence, Farm, Ac. ; also in on Adeowson. Shares Consrois, and New TZhree per Cents - W. [R. MARSH has receivedl instractions to SELL by AUCTIONT, at tha Mart, oPDOsite the Bank of England, on Thursday. June 19, at 12, in. the followving lots, by order of Assignees in Bankruptcy-.-Lot 1. An Estate for the life of a gentleman aged 59, on the 26th of Stay, 10560, in the Manor of Blore, in the county of Stafford, and in two farms, known as Blore and the Wataing, bth n te pris ofBloe. ontinig aout700 acres, now heldby he eecuOrotthelateMc.Thoms Sith,as early tenant, ataccnofi per nnum. nestae forthesa e' ifin the Ad- vowon f te ectry f Boc, gvin th rght oft prezentatouo l bentis5LLet2. AF.sttefctheamelfe,in three ground rents, making together 0126 7s. Id. per annum, payable half-yearly, arising from three parcels of land, containing together 15,62 square yar3s, siinate at L-owfield, in the pariah of Sheffield, in the county of York, and reserved upon three leases of the same land fec 000 yeara each,from the 25th of Mlarch, 1842, which leases are njow respetively hld by the representatives of the late Rev. Jonathan Alderzon, Di. John Chambers, and Mr. Albert Smith. Lot 3. An Estate for the samne life in $ acres 3 coods 4 perches of land at Lowlisld atore. said, now let, at E20 per annum, to Mr. Firtb, as yearly tenant. Lot 4. An Estate for the same life in onae Share in the Navigation of the river Dun. The navigation of the river Dun is nowPart of the undertaking of theSouth Yorkshire Raiway Company, and each share in the navigation is under the several acts of Parliament relaring thereto to be equivalent toiSO0 ordinary shares of 20 each pad up in that railway, and receives dividends accordingly. Lot S. An Estate for the same life mn another Share in the said Navigation. Lot 6. The right to receive during the smie life the Dividends arising from a surn of 125 l2s. 6d, Conisols, now standing in the name of toe AccountantGeneral "1in the matter of the North Midiand Railway Co0mpany, the account of the trust estate of Samnuel Shore, deceased," Lot . The right to receive during the same life the dividends arising from the sum ofz2,000 New Three pcr-Cents now standinginthe names of three tru-stees Plrinted particulars Zan conditions of sae are new in course of preparation, and may be obtained in London, at the Mfart; of Messrs. Singleton and Pilmau, 9. Great James-street, Bedford-row; of Messes, Chureh and Larnedale, 38. Southampton-buildings, Chancery-lane;: and in the country, of Messrs. Albert Smith and Son, and Messrs. Bramley and Gainzford, solieitors Sheffield; of Geo. Young Esq, official assignee, Leeds: and at Aft. iMarsh's offices, 2, Charlotte-ro'w, Mansian-house, London. A Freehold Ground Rent of 40 per annumi, secured on valuable pro- perty. siinate in Upper Thames-street, in the city of London. W]A R. AMARSH has received instructions to SELL by - LAUCTION. at the Mart, on Thuisday, ,une 19. at 12, a valuable 'FiI.EHO LI GRtOUND RENT of  40 per annum. arisiag out of, andL amply secured on, the dweTing-housean business premises, No. 161, Upper Thames-street, together with the valuable Reversion to the Rajck Renital of the same en the expiration of 371 yeas=resenting a rnost eligible opportunity for investment. Mtay be viewed by permission of the tenants ; and particulars, with conditions of sae, obtained at the INtart ; of Miontague Ceeset, Resq., solictor, 4, Coleman-street ; and at Mr. Mtarsh's offices 2, Charlotte-row. Mlansion-house. Hooley Villa. Redhill Surrey. -An attractive Freehold Residene adjoinin the pleasure grounds of the Dowager Lady Meslyn, and contirguoonu to the rallway station. 1~J Ii MA SH as ecevedinsrutions to SELL by LYL UCTON,at he art.on ondy, une23, at 12. uness previosl dspsedofbyPrvat Cntac,)a valuable FREEOLD) tgsat tdilare highymportant, bein ndrc co tmiron silthe metropolis. thwatering-places on th south coast, and the west of England. The honses contains three principal bedl rooms and dressig room, and two servants' bed rooms, drawing room opening to a cOnservatory, dlining room, breakfast room, morning room, library, bath oom,hakehnse nd wsh-hose, ith lan-serVant's r0oan over, andallnecssry ometi ofice, oac-noseand two-stalled stable, andwel-socedgaren-inal aouttheeacres. The excellent and prearig ad my soriy b obaind a th ofcsof M1r. 2L,ias, 2, This Day.-CamberwellNew-road.-Genuine Household Furniture and Effects. R'1 . WARD will sELLt t bypublcCTONonTheTPre- mises 14.r Clift,on-plrsacy, CaunerwthiNew-readclTHIS DAY,dat 12,athe HOUSEHOLD) FOURN,itURaeI and EFET, Jae-ercmprSing Ansof oas, Brusei apts, 63l ottlage piranoote,mofS chmeygarfomSean vrous teffecats. n partloarsha on thle premises,awfs and of theautoer Clpauctio eed, Dre otg,Cabrod t. ann's-road, Brixton.- vlual moLaseholda, fopraocnupat. .1J atGarawy'. o Tursay,Juo h,at 2 'clck TWOrdesirbleLESEHLDHOUES siuat 1and2,Jarr LEiAc.St. Ann'-rod. rixon.heldon eas fo a ermof aud0srears from Soptennt,reirnga rntl o 0 pr nnu. ay bhe viewedly leavef; of he enats,an paticlar o sae Sc. t anrwa'. aonditofnthe Aolland-steet rxoAvlal ml Leasehold, forInetntocipao, Brxoc upariey Ci~R WUHaRdCo will SELL by AublcTIN AUTIGaOa T way'se.rrt on Thursday, June 5, at 12, thi valuabl semalldetAchHOLTAG HOUSIEaNdCPE,IES nituate mlloo Coltg,Steland-sre.Bitroacpid,b na rteRsseall Htelan, hel onease fo 5 years,n hl foro Sept.,g 1819, at a8pr nu ground et f rent.andhnowrletrat theiyearly ent ofpa11 perdannum. Mlay be viewed bytee lheaveur of the teand.4Conditions ofl sto e had afth Gaucraone's,o and paroiuglarsq hejadnf.S'-inn, Tmple; anditr , efrdrw at the autoee',DostC ttage, Alaphtm-rod. a heac Attoeractofives Leshl, forImanestment, SoutwrkOcpton on ury C- PUGH and Co. arwi te t SELL by publicAU TO k/* ACIN at the Mart, on Tuiesday, June 3, at 12, aFretyURi-ewcelCOitTG ROUES,aIDENCtabe, kNown 12 as S ani d Cotg, Surthmer-land-a terralct Codarb our-e laKentBrion,. an selecthan Rslbiong locality, occuied y a espetabe teant,at 0 thear ocuandihel ofo agloy term at 8 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 72IN per annumgon et h rpet si xeln reair, Vandliuabalare eodean, withback Reenimce, foeCourtmcom, and ohrcn to mbehaoftherad autiGongeer cics, and patiu ars uadbof Reaerin,s to solicitor. op edfrdt o;ayh.AcinMr;an tteac C' PUGH andl Co. wr ircedt SELL by pubIONlicth * UTO, tteMart, on T uesday.ue , t 2 Junlre 3ot, at 12.alua twell-E bitHO US ES,DaNdE calSale, Bro.o 1,ll2, 3,teot and m,osttne-pae, a verye sieletpr of tlahemoldmKnt-rad ando nhea theo Risidnge Sujoninn; kownee at Roan groundarent and the otheerint theeocupationeo hinhly repcambletenrant, pt eroduscingu apetrentalg of7 large psoi-arnnum and heldufor and unexpiredvermiofs 29 yheaTrs.Mye viewedts bys prIssind mybviwdbpemsinof the respective tenants, and patclrbadoyess H.ands to behadsfter, solctitors,e1 Churtcul-row, a Newingo ribton;. -,. solci Msse,sltor, The37on-sur, Queenhw-sree;t,heapideub Cahm; at the ii-'Sn Olduet-roadnth Mart; and at the auctioneereofcs, 0, Blackcman-stet Sotree,aertwk ir Cityboth-nod.-FSutaGeorge' ciarcus,avend valun-ableR heaersionset R. PUHARDNdGo will SELL by AUCTION, atuthes HOLD RESIDoCE, calloed ofbyrooilla,e conthet) soth Graandmst esteemed side ~ ~ Iihe HUS of CBpa-omn as h io Rsdneajinig knowneasRman Conea ttae; aupndan-bexcellntLeasehold Hrousert, ineth annm,an valuabl reermiofneas. anth Thre peron Cents.Losan2 May be Aiew D Iby pemi sinf thee respectivetenat,ad by cards to bemhadt ofZthe actonees,isatingira of F.bos& o Tinton uninshed sohte. br, wthreema Cownssqare mltsoontak the PldfrocughpCaphon, state the Soutliwark, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ nat Beainghall-street;o Messrs. Lwrncen lw, u oer 4 l JTewr-hmbr f G. H. Barber. Esq., 17, Ironmong-er-lane; at Garraway's; and fl the auctioneer, 25. New Broad-street. Bromiey. 2,Iddl= x-w NtyFreold Houses, eligible for the osea- patton ofm rsetbleatsaso for investment; aggregate value 400 per annum. M`R. MR1VADUKE MVIATTHEWS is instructedl 10. SELL, at the Mart, THIS DAY. May 22. TWENiTY FREE- HOLDHOUsEw, with fore-courts, anclsd' gardens,A, Suviey., o toj9, IFrancsterrAce. ENos ATtT2,W HilgWnste, and oSB. Ito, Codnsre MaSt. TMeonArdsra,BYiy,a22 aOR-rinkatind comanedingR CAtSall wtime parchic of thenants, feromit preximrtd,odtheddocks,eshipsemi-det~arhds,ttandetherlrg eniKtstablishments.PrticularsfofuJothnr Mills .osqt-solictor Marknoick-poace, WCity-rad on the Huestae and Ilk th Mart THISAY, a22. FUR'brcktan slmatedeCrCASES wit par of he jiners wek prpire, deig.Aned-foraenee iontaProspect-roa,uMrkhoI useroadm, Wlamastow;six Pates, Fezone inpcaratse, stat latg thefcrngerator, Pack-groaud and St.anin's-rean, fortdswoth and rckbitoss Norma-roa, oI an TIe staton, Maidlen,surey the M ontg-lae,hl foMontgiiteurms, aton ground dayF Hudson Ben, 2, solicitor,1 Buctuieabury at the Mart;n and ateMr ontagu-quare gouhold bedd iing,wrdoes, acMasters Pof S rer Appaau,tus,e $asl-argeR hefrigeator, d Semi-grand appndCabiet Pianofg orts,an Efutrets. eoo,cni~.igo idgn adoie Ibaqon, the, n Premiss,i9, alotagu-lae,% couhsandausettees coneSaturstand, ctefoiet clasde-gases, andth us ralnbd chambrer appendages, draw cabnetpinofote nroewod cse.&c. diingroom furniture consists Bslrcs.-aluale rcebol&i Estates, Wth modrtdaze RAd en and Manor, niear Newport Pagd~ell.n ~,BSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SON will offer for SA TE by AU CTION. - at the Ma3ERrt,3 ne ar t he Bak of Eng land Tamorow.the 23d of May. at 12 o'clock, undero tE di rection of the HigEh Coart of Chancery, in lots, a ThEEHIOLD RESIDEZNCE on arroddesate scale,witn 'ery ornamenal gr?aunas. capitta far adjoining, with nat farm-house,and all requisite buildings, and seresaldeta.chedparcelsof laa, Allinth_eparish of Sherrsngton, about two miles from twe market tovmnof Newport Paull n 3ix from Walvertan, and bordering upon the riyer Orise. eeu. stbe about 150 acres, a great part rich psurelnd, and all free of great tithes in the hands a! respectable early tenautsatowrn,ude notice to cult at Mihelznisna next, alothe Manor of Slie-'v' ow a,litS rights,rivileges, and emoumeents. The 6states myevee Messrs. BwrSn,ad ttn4.Cacr-ne;oMrMuay Bsnor l-t ee;o esr.Thamptn, Uipt Win andJhsn utn Farm and other Apedvs,wtierfwylsoanto vauable North-Western RaIlwa and evertgood o-tbs 1IJFSSRS DANEL SITHand SON are commisIY soned bythePrpitr(nes rvosydisposed of by urivate treaty) to offer for SLbyACONat th Mart.To-morrow. dlay 23, at 12, together oinlt,hedirbeand valuable ESTATE of WHLILTON XG,I h aort district between Weedon, Daventry, Crick ake rbou ,ndNorthampton, comprisIng a handsome an mtcmfra,eMansion, on an inxpn sive scale, in perfectore,lgeunshvg been recently exped"ed' tulygether w toa suearnro bv 30ar4avla il to, give cards to view. !he Ferpetual AdTo n fthialaleRctr o01COolin-,near ~JESSRS. DANE MT and SON will sabmit ,J.to AUCTION at! the Mart, near the Bank of E.ngland, Tomorrow, the 23d of My at 12 O'clock, iunless an acceptable offer shall be previouslymae by direction of the Trustees of the Es. tate of a gentlerman. deceae,the above veryTalua3b1e FREEHOLD) RECTORY, with right of next and all future presentations; Itis situate in the rich district of Cliffe and Coo)jng Case2e, betwoeen Gravesend and Chathamn, andtho incme (exclusive of foes) is 90 per annos arising firom globe lanrd and tithe-rent charges, Payhble by a fe.c cupiers,frendLerioB the collectionL particularly easy and secure. Au incesofinoome is expeted frdm the recent cultivation of hope in the "LTeaeof the present incumbent in 66. Population 1W0. iriris nonprage, but a house may be rented in the parish, Particulars may be had of Messrs. Smith and Alllstn, solicitors,4, Warnford-court, Thraginorton-gtreet;, at the Auct'on Mart; andt of Mesess Daniel Smith and Son, land agents, in Waterloo-place, Pall-mall. Mitcham, Surrey.-FreeholdInemnt MESSRS. RICE BROTHER, are dlirected to lt ELL by AUCTIOW,. at the Mart, To-morrow, May 23. at 1.2, TWO FREEOLD COTTAGES. semi-detached, well built, and desirably situate. in Merton-lane, near the turnpike, being F~redericlkb. cottages, Palestine-grove, inl the occuDation of respectabte tenants, at low annual rentals. May beviewed and particularshad at the ins at Mitchamn; at the Mrart; and at the offices of Messr. Rice, Brothers, auctioneers and surveyors, 2853,3Borough, Southwark. Soutnwark.-Desirable Leasehold Property for Investment. AI[,ESSRS. RICE, BR OTHERS, are instracted to JlSELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, To-morrow, May 23, at 12. in onelo, WO odm nd ubtatialybultDWELLING-HIOUSE, staESandbein RIOsE6an, Queen ElizBet-sreetcerseldoin fotmrly tins. andm t0,eBack-trepet,for man y yArsOin the ocpto of uth presento tenantsa, atetals,m prduin lots per cannta, andacheld frESID0\yEas uepd at aan lowe elertound rent. Mlaaytbeviewed,bandgar ticlas. ha2 fMsss e and 4Fitch,e ils solicitorsd, Lnoughstroeugouh- conarkingatmtheauccomdtion fot;r at fmes.Rice, motsbroathes,aucon comfce,rt3 Borugh Soveiutehnwar ouk io,f ihy gecal tea xtgand-Twoduceing rdentache o ila foer reptoshel Sale.oun rIJensSor.z21s.d.RICde, e nun nlae BRO HER au rne-ceied tinr of 66 etru.c aybeviwenb potaerm ton51k by th eaUCtIO atd the ticuasIDNFS0 handffsome elevtion auIndb poleasatly Uituastre,eing Bos.g 2 fAesr. he and 4,GrraeVlls arrington-rioad, L1uhborueh-= r contaningtoample;accommoAutionfraftanday,meetaubstanially built, andi rofinised it every regardi Botohlgnc n tse cmiedwt cVokmfort and c loneic; inate oer vupatiolo hFhyre spectableopy tennts and sroducteing ah renigtaofu9 prcannturf;held atd grounde rnsof 2y ord. 6. ande m per annum,oon leashe fort anWunexpairedter ofM EaSRS,.a bIE vieedTyHermSino the tenAants;ad par Boouhe MoftgMessrs. fBOe and Gant,olicitohIrt,1, To-morro, Maynn3ngto n-cross aots.the AucionMyart;andatlsr Rice,OL Brdothes' autOnD oiES,T'TE3, Borough, Sutyle' owar drsl aeram,omrs Waing.uwrs f5 uyabresoft Sartlee veryalable Frd eehowldand, i opribidnthodareectae6Ams wSr-ilFx, situate inthjdlihtul iiiyo aing,ad ig tepcueqevlaeof Mayford, 1and cleshfrodthe stationoo ofhnhWstrRiwy fourkiles from Gauablderd aomnd rihsixfro Comprtsey. are o rc ha beSRSow ad o RICE ,BROthES caialres1dnoetrucetead,b i!I. he Motgage to byAUCT oN.tatgesMr, &aTo-moarrow May 3, tlZin wo ots th hlhlynbsbleREElat moeand reials HOLDFSTAFS own s Stle'sor Snders lantheeiFam ompris- in pArso 10il acrpestof fertile-aoble adWnde-adowland, inhl arin ece with bailiff'shm, compAct flaryard, barns2, andss agrculDtable builings th reevotty ages by. pials oSn-hilrarm, sitvryauatle aiLngB,m wthe ictuesqute pillaessofnafrd. n cphl of the BUL IA Mano of&e stking, Kith's-valuabhlseaomo rhight and cmpriing perfacrerof aric auble,nmeadowy adndelhapoplaned, wLithcpialresidence,n thoesteand,o barns actabinve mandousns copctnntfar-uidnos ottdage, c.ontinuarceo are letot andhl prespetable traenantie uon lytease, at modraernl reontinglow 63s anbe we,num.payre iewed, obaindopariculresehasa attheWht Hart,xnag G Ciofaebusmaklae; at the prncipa innsinath nih ourn trhes at h uctioner M7 a4-art;adeo ess ic,Bohr, utoer AFighyrest-aectabe PublSic-hom anV in-aults, ch helsea. R.0 ADINER will SELL by AUCTION, a MatGarraway's, THIS DAY, May 22, at 12, unless an acpble offer be previomsly made by priv-ate contract,) the vrvaluable LEASE, 3yer.with immediate possession,offtte BILERW RS RussWellsteboet,lKng'-odehle. The premises arewelaagd in perfctndorder, are an activeatman ofhusies cannot fail to cnur ommand a continuance ofth th odadprofitable trade frmn er carried on byth pesn parorutetr. the porent i ow. May be viewed, and particulars obtained on tho~eipresmss;at thewa' ;te Corn Exchange Coffeehomse, Mark-lae tGran ;ado teauctioneer'ofce, 17, Hattont-garden. hlirespet-atleWn and SprtVutslacete-qae h,R. C. GARDINERwil SELL] by AUCTION, at ift Garrway's, THIS DAY, May 22, at 12, (unless an acce table offer he previously made by private contract.),the valabetion ofrM 33 years.afwitha immcdiste oupation, of thear_.3 yeam IN LEASE diAULtS,ro stuaeh.,ae -errs corpner of BhestrodE-AOstet AndMary-1 in siuaton ua canotfai t enereto hea continuance of iths proftabl trae fr may yers arrid honby re.tl adalaruerg,te proprietor. May he ~~viewed, and part iculars otie ntepo raiss; t Garawy's;at ho. ornExchngeCoffeehouse, MarIaauctioneer's ffices, 17Haatton-aadden 1R,C. GARDINER will SELL by AUCTION, at LVI arraway's,onThIrsda, May29,t2,unt1esspressouanacceptableo ofe epeiul aeby prt otatteAOM IvaeCON,tract),gby dmeothoniclofrs.u Pinusllrafterb afsucessfulrer Ocpton of indivdurl p0ears,mathe LyEaSual Langacr, lng s- asone f te bst end meetin lurtive wnestabosh mens o it kid; he arg neghburhodyfwic itod andsurrondeda Vatluaon bepemirsehoIaGds.waermonthe,Cornrexcagecffe HUMPHC G RIERS will SELL by AUCTIOT, a at GarrawaysoTusdaynMonay, 29.tl2,inlst.pret12, yasordrof the byurvivatg cTract,ete andLxecCtor thrsae larghesltmechaica Gorgeu ilStratins by fvaabepefrrs FREOrD of S idvdanpecormner ymAnEEV Hor clNdrical arreanGem rents.trevera Abbe-teen,adt, therwondsero theag asd regards intr mh echpatinicalf Mr.Bawhileor,meloyaned ge2 neearsl orancope andmcumarest;o repa resentin,lb barrel alne, thep graondest bheafurtyandvarityPrto of the fuletAppbed HorcheEstra.tIt willmbedsold Sre.Valuable FreeholdIvs.tBermnte, SudaxRrey. eed IjF. HUM%PHIREYS willSELLby AUCTION,a ilGarraway's, on Monday, 26 th inst., at 12. by order of the r sriigTrust-ee and Executor, for sae of the late Mlr. GeorgeStrn, 2 Sotees. a0 valuable FREEHOLDHOS andLW cOr E,ner ybaRIlte SO o1,GraGerestreet, EotAn,abha 2131,5 fey-etreet, Bermondsey, near Nho, 102,ureat Gerge-tastreet;erent .eannun adtaxredeemed dI PlaneSoand,pariulrsmayt be hadece of thJoepMh Fimt on,theaExeutbor, thles~tetaRussaell-strehedatt,hemAndteyn MEr.thllp, nollecAtort h eOstate, 168, Bterodsu-troeetr Mr.oiFred t elteris att,on,o liior.l17, Essex-stret St o rand: IMr.ath1or. Iurnploey, slctr Ea tIda-camers LaeadPenasa-ntet aCotGagewa, s and a ofut33 Thewfourth n and latPriont of theobe Hroouisestthe, Broertyonftye shal nt ey.-Vldai e Freehoditwi Inestmeint LmedaudtalfrRedei emed. l plGar,r3aw ead',oin Mondan, a28the fins.totyodr foonfsi thesurivingi ctorustee DandEecutoree, forsaleyof heuate llr George Stevuens%r, in 2 woiithoppr,c einsaettastbeintas, tov1nt-Park-teet, NfMs. 1Davids,RSon, stret southbend, aoldNor, 17,13W1arwiRile-street, Reet-teet;ond iynearo cutheyolaChurh.Greyontas.40 peroyannum Lftgeandt,ax rhedeemed Cilttandp.artdcufatheofuctioneseph einatn, thereyecutord 1hisRiley-stref Rselstreet , Bekeerondsey; Pla.nPhilSlis,ciollcor o h sat,18 Nero.n1 l od-s-sret; rec.-FredierikSatto, soleicior. 7 EssernHosteet Strand-eMr feToned Huocpveys,asoliior,t1, hEast Cndlachambders,la richdenlvaieteWe anothGer Crawaesan of the Daiuctoer 61d Leradenhall-sReet. ?sRcri,2, l onte In Cance2 ry.i-" ithcc - . -- rew, '~t-h- ck-- hapa RITWURES, suitmable for first-clas rooms : comerisiug two costly drawing-room suites in walnut and rosewood, consisting of elegatly designed centre and occasional tables, lounges, chairs and reclining ditto in rich silk damask coverings, magnificent plate class cheffoniers with fine marble tops, the complete equipment of a first-rate dining room in Spanish maahogany, also of eight hed rooms, containing lofty mahogany and iron four-post, Arabian, and French bedsteads with damask and chintz furnitures, complete sets of excellent bedding (new in October last),comprising paULases,mattreses,capital goose feather beds, bolsters andpillows, blankets, quiltsg, counterpanes,&o., a flue Spanish maho6any wing wardrobe with slivered pate- panel, mahogany andlapanned chests of drawers, hadsome ma rble-top toilet tables and wash-stands, dressing glasses, complete sets of chamber ware, sir cwpet, floor clotb, fenders, fire-irons, &c. May he viewed on ThursdaY and morinmg of sale, and catalogues had at the Rooms or of the auctioDeers, Southampton St. Helen's Coal Field, South Lancashire-To Capitalists, Public Companies, Coal Merchants d other.-Mcst importnt and valuabple Freehold MmerV enf din under i,ardof 1,100 acres of land, with thel = Eenie wntp of Sutton. * FR. CAPES has received instructions from the LLProprietor to offer for public SALE, at the Clarendon Rooms, South John-Btreet, Liverpool, on Friday, the 30th day of Mray instant, at 1 o'clock., in two lots, all those extensive and exceedingly vauable MINES of COAL and other MINERALS, lying under yswards of1,I00 acres of land, in the township of Sutton, near St. e9en's, together with the Menor or TordaSip of Sutton, and the Manorial Rights of the entie Toevshi extending ever 3,721 acres. TheseTaluableminne atrerichingwellnownvein S and seams of coal, and adjoin the rpidly-increasing town of St. Helen's, with its numerousglass, ca mcl and other important w0orks. The Liverpool and Manchester secion of the London and North-Western Ralway, and the S. Helen's Canal and Railfyray intersctthe district, afferding direct and rapid means of tranlt to the ports of Liverpool and Runite corn, the river thersey, and the docks .at Garston and tirkenhead, Mf ecs Bouress and Robinson are now worling a nmall portion of the ineDm at a minimum annual rental of 80. The in.park Mine, the Higher and Lower Ravenhead Delfs, the Baton me~, the St Helens Main Del the Foufoot Mine, the Canel Mie, and the Burtonhead Main Dell, have been preyed to exist in this imnportant coatf3eld. depenadentyofexistg colleries,tere areete ral eligile sitesbortheestabshent of newworkS, Thecompactness oftecoaldeld it adyntseou postio, an th alosft unequalled facilities of trasit rede ths mneal istic emnenlydesersing the attention of aptalst, ublc ompnis,ooa mrcant,ad otesecha Poxilar.-3y ordler ofthe Mortgagee. R . F.G. DEBENHfAN will SELL byA UOTION_1T at the hEart, on Friday, M130. at 12, in two hlot, SEXZ H01SES to 'ithshgis siuae 2os.17to 1, Emily-plae, Upper 2farh-aree, Est ndi rod, oplr, et o re etabie tenants, at rent amontig to16 pernnu ; ad Sunfinisbed. Houses in the Daltaon, -lNo. 1, Park-rod opposite St. Plhilinii Chusecb_ 1R.F 10.G. flEB- NEI~AM will -SELL by AUC- M LTION, nnthe Plremises as above on Tuesday. June 3. at 12, the capital1 HOTISEHOLD) FURNITURE;. comprising Spanish mnahogay four-poet, Arabian, French, and other bedsteads, feather bed ar,d bedding, chests of drawers, marble-top and other waseatands, and Ithe usual chamber appendages, a handsomem ogn drawing room sute,comriin soa.10chars cntr ad ardTahUe. an elaboratel] cared antrbuy. et f eteningdinng abes, eight chairs coered cae th uree- wietdinnera eof;threesets fandSf-omedamaSkw ~Ino cilore,pobeotalistSedulaors theauctioneter). Catdloghes nhe e lIAR F.0-. EBEHAMwU SLL by AUCTIOK%, iV.L atthe Mat on Tesday,Juno31,at. in four lots, 28 acrs of Garticuor-ark. Wit alans,h m iayro CadmtteBs,Paoa;a Eixecutors of the lateMr.HGimnhm R.F. G.DEBENHAM wil SELL by AUCMi iio'i ~, theMar, onTuesay. une10. at 12. a well and sub. statialy reced ric-biltpriateRESDENE,with rmall guares, Kin gso-odnrepair tte, toa4uhe re tal of0pran ;hedoa Sod, by order of the MOrtae,under powesosa. R.P.G.])EEENHMWl SEL by AUCT N,at the Mart, on Tuesday. June 10. at 12. in three lois, TWO PAIRS of unusually well-built and attractive RESIDENCEs.S known as Cleveland Villas. (one Pair of which are not quite finis,hed) pleasantly situate in the Cleveland-road, leading from Map-le-lane to th Portsmouth turnpike road, and six substantially built Dweliin. houses, one withshoap, onthe south side of Clevreland-road. The who a proaducing actual andLstmatLdrentals, amnuntingto.240 per annum. Held for 97 years unexpired at modlerate ground rents, with the option in respect of two of the villa of purchasing the freehold at a fixed price within seven years. Particulars on the premises: at the Rtaivway Hotel, Kingston: at the.Mart: of J. PhiMlps', Esq., solicitor, Chippenhamn,Wilts:- of B. T. WVhitakier. Esq., solicitor, 12, Lincein's-lun-fields; and at Mr. Debenharn's offices, S, Cheasiide. Kent, sx miles from T-unboridge-wells.-Compact Piessure Far o e Acres Freehold, and land-tax redeemed, F. G.OIt DEBENHAM hus received instructions Ap oa teMertgagees to SELL by AUCTIOIN, at the Mart, in the city of Landon, on Tuesday. July 8 at 12,in'one lot, aneligible aud attractive FREEHOLD ESTATE kown as the New Farm, situate in the delightful and proverbiallylsealthy neighbourhood of Lamberhur.t, one of the meet picturesque parts of the county of Kent. The property comprises a recently erectedcottage residence, having sixhed and two sitting rooms,with excellent nearly new out-buildings, and 64 acres of productive arable, hop, and meadow land. Also a detached Residence, with stablingeardee, Ois., distinguished as Gatehonsa Grange vwhch, with 81 acres of land, is let to the R1ev. Mr. Beleward, at a renal of 72 per annurm. The property wil be sold subject to a prior mortgage ofze2,500. Particulars, with plans, may)e obtainedone monthi nror to sae of Means. Cuddon, Isorwich; 2de&srs Sharps, Meld, and ~ackson, solicitors, '41, Bedford-row; and of Mr. Debeuhamn, auctioneer. land surveyor, and esftate agent, 80, Cheapside. Merton-road, Surrey.-To Land Societies and CWP!talits-Nearly 17 Acres of valuable Building Land, fronting each side of the high-road, only sI miles from Westminster and seven from London-bridge; also a v~aluable Policy of Assurance. 31R .,,?.,EBENHAIN has receivedl instractiows o M ortg-agee to SELLT byv AUCTION, at the Mart, on able FREEHOLDILND pseasingeligile frontsges of considerable extent tD the high-road, opposite and adjacent to Waterfall House, within a quarter of a mile of and midway between the villages of Toot-. aug nd ortn. nd n eay dstace romthe 'Wimbledon and Clapam ailwy Satios* lso Poicy f Asurace,effected on the onthelifeno an gentceman now agedabot 68p ynear.-oart icuar,wi SSSFOSTE and SON are directed to SELL WEbySAUCTyIION., at the Gallery, 4, Pall-mall, on SaturdAy, May 24. at 1 peisely, a COLLECTON of ITALIAN, Spanish, Dutch, and FlemishIfPIC-RES, of the highest quality, formsed during past rears with mnature judgment from celebrate ga3eries and cabinets; among many deserving of partcular enuimeration may be noticedJupiter andAntiope by Vandyckl, and several sither important works from the Earl of Coventrysscollection; a LAndscapeandEFgures, by Philip Wouverinans I Holy Faus'ly Parmegiano;andaLton Hunt,by Rubens,from the collecoutoofSi,rrhomasBaring;rPortraitofRubenas Wife aknd Child, by Rubeps, from Lord Somerville's collection;,a landgeape Wat erl o o; a fir.e Me tro,a fr,om M Ir. I a kc's cabin e t- aLad san.p and W%aterfall,bRuy-del; Holy Family,.Andrea delgzaro; B master and his Lady, by Terburg ; and important speimensa"c following greatmtr Murillo W. Vandervelde Cus Bth Gioretoue A.. TVadervelde Pz. Mlerts Selbalken A. del Sarto Wouvermana Vanderneer Watteau Parmegiano EgoaVanderneer Backbuysen IL, Wilson Catalogues will be, forwarded on application to Mlessrs Foster, 54 Pall-mall, Sale of about900 des. of partibular Old Pact Wines from five to seven years in bottle, including a fevw lots of the celebrated Regina Ports, so distinguished for their softness and delicacy. M ESSRS. FOSTER and SON are instnicted to SELL by AUCTION, at the Gallery, 84 Pall-mali, on Monday. Mfay 26, at Ipred_sely, about 600 dbz. particalar OLD PORTS; of tke several vintages of 1540, 1S42% and 1847, shipped by order of an eminent house, and by them bottled at the precise dates stated in the catalogue, and 300 daz. particular Old Ports, bottled at Oporto in the year 1849, and shipped in cases to the late J. G. Fearn, Resq., of RegenVspar)kG by whos ordler they were bonded by Messrs. Mdatthew Clark andL onsin May and July, 1850, ex: the ships Start and Orion, from Oporto from which Periods theY have been maturing in the London Docks, where they stilt are, and from whence they wflt be delivered to the purchasers Messr.Fester and zon are authoried to state that the whole of these -wines 'were shipped by the well-known and longestablished house of Theophilus Smith. of Operto, and consist entirey o quaitis idicaed y te ceebrtedbrand "T. L S, rartieiar" ad, ein covined f te pistnecharacter of these wines, of te rspetabiitof te iporees oftheauthenticity of the dates of sotlig, ndof hecisuistace unerwhich the wines are now offre5 Msss. eser ndSonca stonlyrecommend this sale to thenotceof her fiens nd heconideceof hepublic, _TIe wines maybe astd a 5, Pll-all OtheFriay ndSaturday, and on FreeloAId GroundL Rents.-By Messms VM!TTOM and SON,T atth EEOMart, To-morrow, May23, at lZ 1~R LI Groud Rens of 191 6s., 231, and J 0 ls,,secredona rnta of1,00per annum, anldBuildinr 14 ls.,21 s F, 75 hol, ,ads. 38, situoateid roerad.pe ITENTOM and SON willSELL, at the Auction Mart, V To-morrow, May 21, at 12, by order of the Mortgagees under a pwer ofsa%lIn one lot, SIX substantial newly-built FREEHOLD Cottae oReidencs, ntumb nereditor4 St nokwl-stree, cntigou. steeT; and a h uto Mart, SLL tth ar o Vmarrow, May23, at12, the unexpired term in theTLEASE Ffor20 yers.,attbelow rent of 77, ofthoseTvery desirable andspacious PRE.. MISES, No. 41, Londoni-wall, city, within a few doors of Moorgatestret, wll daptdfoany ancyrad, hainga glredfrouted sholp Slfetdep,withcoutin-houe, arg sho rom, ndw adometialcablefiting, haseadtrdefltura. ay b viwedsixdays prior Ventomand Sn,?, ngel-ourt, hrogmrton-treet M .G O G 3R sfvue with instruc- tins from the A&ssigneca of Thomas Arehbutt, a bankrupt, to SELL by AUCTION, at the Commercial Hall, King's-road, CheLsea. THIS DAY, May 22. at I for 2 precisely, a tastefully designrd and well-built VILLA RESIDENZCE, finished insa most attractive and recherchS manner, w,ell dapted for the occupation of agentl,eman, The accommodation comprises drawin-groom 20feet by14 feet, dinfin room 18 eetby 1 fet , fve ed oom, dessngroom, and capital offices, at resnt n hnd,butof he nnul vlueof 90. Held for 99 years, at9 gound rnt, Ma be viw and ticulars hadl, 10 dlays pnor to te sa, attheCommrcia Hal,Kig'a-ad,Chelsea; of P1. Johson Re., ffcia asiguti 0,Basaghll-tret;J. Wreutmore, Req. 43.Linoin'-to-fleds; f Jmes ay,Req. 2,Princes-street, Spioldlds an oftheaucioner.Sa,Motombstret,Belgrave-sq. To Builders jAP.tGORG BERRY will SELL by AUCTION, 2,at 1 for 2 O'clock precisely, by_direction of the Assiguees of Thom%8 Arebbull. a bankrupt, the INITEREST in a certain ;BUILDING AGREEMEN'T to ERECT PRESIDENCES in Caldey-square, Chelsea, the sewer to which has been wholly and the road partly cgompleted: together with a Carcuso and Foundations of TwoHouses. Maybe viewed, and particularsbad 10 daTs prior to the sale, at the Commercial Hall; of P. Johnison Resq official assignee, 20, Iasnghr.ll-stret; of James May, REsq., 2,ciestrt, Spitalfielda; and Of the auctioneer, S a, Motcomb-street, Belgrave-square. Chelsea.-Butcher's Shop and Stablingfor 10 horses. 1r.GEO. BERRY wMl SEILL by AUCTIONL, at 1Vl. te Commercial-ball. Kig-road, THIS DAY, May 22. at Ifor Do35 agyeare.-VMlaybiwdbyleavrehofd thpertenn, ranemdparticularshd- tax, close to the toirn and within half a minle of the Station on the South-Eastern Iailway. MESSRS. PAGE RELF and LEES have received instructions to Si~LLby.A?ICTIONT, at the Mart,on Friday, June 13, at I.2 in two lnot, (unliess aLn acceptable offer be praviously made byprivawe coutract,J a PAIR of semi-detached VILLiA RES?DENM S situate on Rase-hil. immediately contiguous to the town, aud within an hour's ride of L-ondon. The houses are substantially built, conveniently arranged, and are at present let to General Green andA Mivile, eq. atyena aouningto onlay 110 per annum. Theneihborhodisheathy an th surouding scenery varied and pleasin, whila the prperty wll alwa stcima frtcssent, and ofers favorableoppe~ forinvetoet ihvoe o h couny. ay e vewe byperisson fte tnns,adprtclg Box-hill, Surrey, close to Dorldng.FReeshold BuUing Groundl, with TSS otes for the county. N ESR.PAGE, RELF, and LEES are instructedl tSLLby AUCTION, at the Mart, Londlon. on Finday. June 13, at lZ in nine lots (unes Previouslydisposed of bYPeiva to Contract), a FREEHOLD ESTATE, known as the Grove, situate fn theo parishes of and e4snsix acres of land, meest beautifoll timbered, and embellishe with thriving' shrubs. There is a residence and offices nooDn the property, which is only a quarter of a mile from the Box-hill Station, on the South-Eastera Railway, close to the town oftlorklng.w-ithiu an easydistance of 3ficklenham and other villagesz in this beautiful and muach admired locality, The estate parrearme conriderablefrontage to the high rodleading through Dorking to Srigtonan extends heL rive MOle, wihavformseonebounday whc ithsdstrict maym bhe Propriyet,r and SEwortby AUThe N attnino the Flotuand HtlChte eneda am.C -Morrson Req., solic thr. Re at; at fo i otsfh Messr.\ PageRef,and LATHS, Rhegakeryd Sorhng MM MtenamnufVactrng beImisea and seuerldirluab d,l i Pltheo 3ilrto LandESstRS. omEADieLteeDeEv an aSnS h2ave received ine- inis-es situate at the corner of Bath-road and Orlel-terace, with a commanding frontage of 215 feet; this block of building inc ludes the Maontpellaer baths and dwelling-house, in the 0=en pation of Mr. Ruck, who is under notice to quit at Mlichaelmas next. The bakery, with shops, ovens, fittings, do,. The mill, with machinery driving twro pair of stones, and the premises at present used as the manufator Pr Cheltenham alats, The fittings to the baths, the 14-horse power ig-pressure engfine, the evaporating pans, and all the maachinery and fixises in and about the premises belonging to the ven-dors wilbe inclu~dedint-hpebprcase. The remnaining lots will1consist of freehold and copybold building land, conveniently divided fez Yaualereehold Investments for Q&pltal, at Tediuo,a ideo consistiug of Five FreeholdHoipe.esada market-ade,cniu Io Eusby-nark and Hai~1n ICourt Gardens andu twy locn -venlently near 0o the 2Uckenham Stationo.teWidrad Richmond Rallway. M .JOHN D)AWSON is iarce yteTn i1Jtlee ot the Will of the late George instuct, byo. the HELl by AUCTIION, at the W.art, on Tuesday. the 3d of June at 1l- in IotLa, TWO FREEEEOLD (ONR RS: with oflmsa and gardens. b.- m'. crecll andhealhy ~ .1 ed 2. CLArenee-lace in the MK* a0e Teddingtoft. M1iddlEs~ex; let on le"as for 2lyeara from,25th .1853, `taTerY imlProrab1e rent ofX50peL anwnm, clear of all taxes,L o.,., Houses, with gardensaIdtTE"Mae CDofLV5fltly sit~ mhr the far dvllge o 1 titon letonaleas.ofor 21 years from 293t1 Serdenber 1I54 at a clear iad well-socur-ed rent of 1O per sannunm A freebol& iflesUSge with sh10p, bakethouse, stable, and useful ontbildngs, being also the poes-frice siut& ntesre fTd dinson forsai, lt on a leas for 21 y7ears froe2L, e 1852. at A clear rental of -20 Per arnmu Ad and large garden, nea the b n. An %,tM grpandpingroear one abole, in t2Le ou 'aof 9m &1d P a, cearyvearyrent ofle fior2yeas,Ol 25th December- eahndIaU affording ecure invstmnt, te rntlabsugbeow hersTalue. Tobe wLed bsV w Rhcniioso. ae c hrl beHN h td at the harne Traste hed egtn of James. Datea Faqo, e5 Clafrd-street.+ SELLb Asolicitr;at theMAuction esart: and ,at 2Mr. Jh aeo' a HO9, Pall-mall,Ary-tec,Rgetstet,ter oOxod street, let on lease for i1 vears from June 24, 148, tolder. W. Willis, foe! theolea.rannual rent of 188. The house is'frst-clas, verysubstsntial. and the interior arrangementg good and woUliDfished ; it contains a light and comnnodjousbasement, with front area,entrance halla,afon.t room (now used as a shop) or warehbouse),f dining room. andaP small retiring room ; the stalrCaSe is Of stone. with lantern liht; on the firt dloor are two handsome drawing rooms, twro bed chambers o-ere =ai,water-closet, and four attica kc,: an unuuanoly desirble Invest.- eu.Tobe viewedwith orders only. Particulars,with conditionsof mae, maysabortlyvbe hadofJ. Pl)avi%s.Eq., IS, Clifford-street, ondstreet. solicitor; at the Auction Mart: and at Mr. John Dawaon`4 land and auction Omfcs Kingston-on-Thames, and Marlborough.' c.babess 49,Pa-ml A Oomfortable Cottage Rtesidenoe. with Garden anpdFPrmnise,plea-~ santly situate, in the village of BArley. Surrey. MI JOHN DAWSON vill SELL by AUCTION the Mrt, o Tueday, une .at12, a ounatntlally.bni COPYOLD OUS,witchaiehose, tabe. acnd Outbuildings anI pleChantilaeo eRipley. Parzticuars, withecoSndition ou s-l, ma shotlybebadat heTalot nn Itlde; faaenatho Edwards ats Fanta,U the Paac-artonWdnsa, Wetmnser1, solicitorsuant th n re Au tof Mart; andatM Jofhn erymnde land an cauctio of"Sacers,ongs. In hacer.k s,evnv elett and others,'Y-biYHUS,asubtntia an Hous, vafluabl Freolmansiom tndn n aronds rounds,efted.the Thames at el Sunbuy.lose s ad b32ot-ri wacres oapta Ltabnd;as androut-ofdHuics.Tisg and ha atl Snentahing,emerts nearte hurelfo an thettclass famishortride frometheracre-cou rsceao and He1M7t' acreshofndarathe alwand.Alson comppract and eygubmplntion,ybuilt orf theldstatidnwene, thown It satd the Mats own Weoudnsda, Jtunded 18,ith verpurseanteto and orderof the ghre Cour pdofCncery monadeing at c eauseof re Sandresn v,. beroom,t and others, conBetAen ThOUe, gtasbtaontial andkfu co modioryexmansion, sandin beuinul groudes on riamesnte wthe somea paana cearsadvrostes, with condiin fW,myseortaly and gades FWithogsery enclos9 edrbynloftyruit wallnmes,caia stalicing,o D and Bout-oies, Thi a0 lnond hs-allilsslcio;a the argeetnesAuetfor w and tcas amiy with Jome15acrs of' rianmedo and acio?ffm Maclresofuahblehander,As 4 collmpact and vernsustan-n-tiamllybitfehl eiec,kon Aschotlodge Vlate wthGrehnting-Orcharf John Bishop, veqr, de,easid, Itllysitandsini own grounds, esrtude ith beryeene Iagtree Randshrubs with garden andrheaddoon tcontaining togehrnerythe.crs dobecah-hue M ar four-dnstallstbl aund thoe18h box 2. addlery,gbl bREdErOm,aD other coanveiences The situatigoundis CeO.th sca eneryotensd gandbeauifl orihdes and driveslintthemgeat orko;2and numeru atteranctin, re nndsoeryinitambestd endsoyalegabodewarticu- lars ih cnditonsof ale.mayshotly beobadeof F, Wthe)ourn-u 60. incln'-innfieds,solcito; a thAu tiron Mart; andmather Pall-all. nd Kngsto-on-Tamet fulenly situat le,on aesmtyelevti(on, bheteenn equagton freehld, being tielad Latbapperheaorn thec fromRkig-oa.DeBavi,sqthfr- JOHNder.SOA wllTSEL byaAU tIO, of wel tocedgaren orhad, ndanch htfl mauctione par lieappearande, veryhndsomelyran timed,andfrt sloin trodwards theT southagind west,cons istingbof emorentha malacrs boumndedy thieturnpierand tueousLueateuel and omDentab iout wo ileie romth hllAnd TIONt,eppostheside oftemea, M xorepareticular adetise.Pn theon,al sh-orrtlyaw par,Io 12din uetime, w thcondtioso almdemarE be baof Edard uller Faq 39.flaten-are, solicitor aahta dhe AucionMar; ad si r. ohnDawon'.mandgand. aucind xofesoo Kingson-o-Thaes, nd Malborugh-han cras, 4. all-all,et p L Ak theMat June onTedyMy2, at 1. I ei-eahd IL theI DexCeS.t beanNo H ,.i,7 indclDRe udoringla zs,worme fehler,ctiolowtherondren math. Maytbe i owe artclr of 3. Mat2,thews FAa,,LT RE slctr8,BaIONholl-thedeathauofth auctAioneer, 10.tBukeartshutrydcity. ETTEkonsBt-oseiut ithe Lodoanapeprorna dwirkethfrm . B.idedlesexi, close , the free-a zaion Mr, innt e oc.uat iono aWcompat EtAT,FZ.,comriin t hree,at4 well benuilt.welinghouses, Nos, 5 or,abd, leold-rioaedr-Kidnoe,sunt-ra ablthorcapitlycorach-ouseaondalgengemandwaovaluabl pltsrf ground iA thereunar,tprduceingarntalwof 110o peranumfbt which isoflapaort2 Tmofren rowEatlyincreased. Mayubehodvuiewtued.Pr~ of Jver Masrit-on the s, s oliforte, SDo,kainghgl-streetquandit of threautsuner 10. lUESSRS. JONESH andl SO.NSHIN WMl SELL by ILL AUCION, attheIr Roms, 35. Oxfod-stee, neefear thetPa.- thdon.RTo-morro esatlihedIfor theunctall,te cfeapital mptode FUoernTUE vizHnehoudiFurabiantfur-pet, aoeUndseondf heidateada4Brssogtals, glass~ es,ey.C do G, wlu-re Muiahoay andtrmesewooand chirs,csofas,eouchs, Efeatsyi chairs leve,y Icarned,casional,dandsetc Frdinnabls, heimney thoglasstes,Tagran pan ofothe by roawoo, u roseood ase,seveal cttag andpc ofodtob veminen mahdakcers No.icli0r lay Erarldshuchina,glAnass. embpageton caial ndciaent ant anddmorninguofssale,handacatalogues had HouseholdFurntituretanfed E Bocts On viewS. caaogueNH2 AMO. a.nd Mony wianll SEL bvey e AUCTION,n on ppethef Premtises ond immeeaate May2,lt1..h drawintga room uit, hjandsme winRged -trchffAnteOPr,to,cr,and Coether. chna glass,e b the domeeicequstes,d andenmerouste teffrets, y be P Beinde,w7, arksteetr, forounor-sesrved ans t esr.Oxnra GABRCAH3 will SELLAbyCAICTIONs above Ap torrowFriday),tMay 23, an foartownMonday, t przsldY, d in te Lodon-oad,at Ticknham Midlese, c Gseroftealway&c staton, an te ceatlogue of Whe gitter, 71q, Qas teant, aeettr ertNoer,annm. Teet-us-e its a xtmfordnrtableald-ofshinedreasfec, eaPst- able fo afomts torb claproessional,getlea whpreosem rut retirng usteh fReqetttna. in town. KEis pholso tbeenManour osedwortln iinnalymequltonsfremthold.prAlsoaFreewhol Plort oduf ButllngbudnwhichwiLL beyoi AUThreION, onthesad from its aoexlln THSituation iseseIal suited.for a 22and23actororrl.raebelldersor timberthyard, orfo shops,eCOL Oabe Nee (ot 1A byI carde o) andleparwichlarhave bamsesa larekvt heMtztcr and juudgmoictos,Bentfromda theIMart;ao. Mr. Ahraha_s,auctioneer,Knson; and at theA officeOs of the Ouc- higbly spclai hrater. Carlodry DolciGhiainsbrisghedlnsa and figures y3 menxandAs ot;afnelnscp.rs..2asyh fgrsand 'Rnver uScaubeneb p and mmnteriort, b P.lscfus; a fchrtoned .7cturvy Wotteranoeootue,i Hou cofRst,y byntr ca. Fraser mea t palty, byvra Wiinmgs: beautiull excu atedn ctte 0ctupret byCooper; and Rusa:ecmod and chice exafmPliatof the f hadowin. Beghm Dsrto Heenitah Telr i osudcnl WlOn Cnaegtto Renbrand heandI SEL , andAoter emnen masthers. ro% 9 uensvt toto CTyURandc EFFECutoTS.o Hoseng tof elcgant moerng room Sit:srin anunumerousvaltablesoru and ouritmeotal Effes dincuing aoofinlmetallicmplante. several CImatent-tlsasep Air ich patter velvet-pli Carpet Sands us,ab coletird, oftsn prof Pbarins, twandlugs,ome.s inmrawoing Roo TtAs ogte ith alblth ueflagant .dinecearg 1IXR. IZODbegs to anounce Su will, SELL byli ILL AUTION, t the areroos, th9 Queen-reeD.tom doonrm Atrteme Lonnon stmmreet, cty Too-moro,sy3,hKni-at1e, onTues0UyN w thent an r luswo.d with l12 fod Prcardtalessdy um proof ris, oldt China, jars, brndzed figutrcskand clocks, withs. numerons antIl5ures fvr-e"n Then furniur of 2ho diin roo-.m an qlirr comrseto es of paenptlecoeliing tokables,ie 10coogO Camcoatl appropriate:20 appenaes.Tefitr of theotld oi bed risooms coemrise - angiegs primkeyc welsasone gooe bes and satuitablofJI bedin,toiet atdS-s the L andonsComnera SalemBonca Mncn-lneeo oei.
