DEATHS. On theist of November,¶1855,- on board the Canning, Mrs. Edward Venable aged2a, eldest daughter of IL Hl Kinehant, of Park-bavi, county Sbro~pshlre, Erq. On the 25th of November last at Adealade, Soutlh Australh, in the 24th year of his age, the Rev. Samuel B. Lvin, curate of St. TJ s Adelade, fourth son of James H. Levin, of Hackney, late of%Uper; Clapton, Middieser. On the 26th of November. 1855, at sea, on board the Agneourt Georginia Sarah, wife of Edward John Pashley, CommaLndek, and eldest daughter of the late Thomas Baker Knott, of Bigh'street, Dleptford, aged 29. On the 4th inst., at Penrance, aged 47S Charles Hunt, Eas., of RaTen biead Copper Works, near Liverpool. On the 6thinst., atrWoottonR ouse, Mary. the reliet ofate 67 RhrdWLtontWhite, rector of Wootlon, in the IsIeof Wlghtthagd 67 On the 2 th ilst., at Mlorden College, Blackheath, a r. Joseph Hensley, aged s., On the 1rth inst., at Leeds, Kent, Ms. Burleitt, the mother of the curate of that parish, in the sth year of hier age. On the 18th inst., at Valletta Malta, Leut=-General the Right Hon. Sir Henry Rottbager, Barl., G.CLB., lanthe 67th year of his age, On the lgth inst., Mr. W .n , Blunt. sen., late of Brompton, and many yTears a resrected inhabitant of St. Martin's-la-the-fields. - On the 2,th inst., at Edinburgh, Sir Alexander Burnett, Bronet, o Leys-, rh-,c2d!neshIre, aged 66. On the 20th nhst.. at the Crescent iHertford, amuch beloved and lamented, Eliea, third surviving daughter of the latte JohThi 21stram, of ShiWington, Bedls. On Friday', the 21s inst., at 93,Wimpole-etreet, Casendish-rqnare 'Williama riswell, Rzq., of Tadworth, Siurrey, in his 61st year. On the 21st inst., suddenly, at St. Ives, Hunts, Mlr. J'ames Hallett, aged 53. On thae 22dinst., Mr. Charles Drayson, of Eavernham, Kent, agedl 67. On the 22d inst., at 110, Cambridge-street, Warwick-square; Della M1ary Ann, younger daughter of o. IL Hodgson, Req., aged 10 months. On the 22d inst., at Comnpton Cottage, Guildford, Arth=r,seondso of Job Smallpiece, Req., in his 12th year. On Easter Sunday, at Knaxesborough, Anne, wife of theRv Toas On Sundzy morning. the 23dinst., John George, fourth son Of Mrr. Casalgue, or st. Jamnes'-tosrace, Kentish-town, aged U years and6 months, On the QSd last., in the 15th year of hisa age, Willim, seconcl son of John Pbirkinson. Req., of 22, Upper HamgilIton-terrace, St. John'a-weo&d .On the 2SId inst., at Xorthfleet, Kent, Horace Charles, the beloved child of Robert TufuelL, Esq., aged 2 years and 2 maonths. On the 23d nst., of consumption, lfirs. Edwin A. Notley, of Casaden. terrace, Camden-town, aged 24. On Sunday, the 21d inst., at Thurlovw Cottage, Lower Norwood, Surey,Ninan,theinfntson of Br. Ninian Bil, of Juniper-green, On ondy, he 4thins.,Henry Gleorge, infant son of George P. Kereerd Re.. Nw Bighon,Cheshire. OnMna,the 24th iust., at his residence, Samuel Dick, REsq., of Upe'on,Bonchuirch, la the Isle of Wight, in bins ld year. On *onday, the 24th inst at Stanhee, Norfolk, in the 24th year of her age, Mary Esther the belved wife of James Hollway,. REsq., of finshoe, anid only ch0d of John Calthrop, REsq., of Stanhoc-ball. On the menicrng of the 25th inst.. after a liageriag illness, in his 21st year, George, eldest son of Mr. G. R. Noble, ofT Woodford. On the 25th inst., at Greenwich, Elen, aged H1 years, the eldest child of John W. Nicholls, Req., Secretary of Greenwich HosDital.
DIXONQS LIFE OF PBEN.* The time has gone past at which it would have been appropriate to review Mr. Dixon's Life of Wiiliam Penn,, for that work has been received as a satisfactory biography compiled with care out of the best materials extant. In furtherance of his researches MIr. Dixon had the advantage of the excliisive resources of the Society of Friends. who were interested in the reputation of their most distinguished chief; and he used his materials and facilities vwith iinquestionable talent. Not, however, on Mr. Dixon's account, not on account of Penn, nor of tUe quiet sect who are zealous for his fame, but because a 'more recent literary question is involved, do we -notice the remarkable preface to Mr. Dixon s last edition. This question affects the character of Mr. Macaulay's history on a topic to which we did not ourselves advert, and suggests the still more general discussion of the obligations of a popular historian. 'What are his privileges as a narrator of events or a 'delineator of character ? Is his zeal to preserve the consistency of his picture to render him inaccessible to correction ? If he is exposed to the citation of facts whicl may contradict his first impressions, or if he is liable to suggestions which invalidate his conclusions, at what time aud in what manner is he to take cognizance of these? What is the latitulde of his reticence? The question is important in a literary sense, not because it verges upon the quarrels or amenities of authors, nor because it -may be considered among the curiosities of iitera'ture, but because it involves the vindication of a lav of the republic of letters-the law which provides that its citizens shall enjoy a free conference, and that in proportion to the importance of their commumications they shall be entitled to equal consideration. Mr. Hepworth Dixon is the appellant in this instance. In the first edition of his Memoir of TWillia'n Pcnn he was at issue with Mlr. Mtcaulay on the more impoltant charges made by the latter against Penn in the first two volumes of his flstor y of BEngland. The questions between them were questions of fact rather than of opinion, for Mr. Dixon adduced circumstances which, uncontradicted or unexplained, seemed to convict Mfr Mfacaulay of some important errors or oversights. Mr. Dixon placed these statements in a chapter by itself, which he considerately -withdrew when the popular edition of his Penn was passing throuigh the press-induced to do so, as he now tells us, by the impression that mr. Mlacaulay would acquiesce in what he had' reason to believe was the commonverdict. Mr. Macaulay, however, has neither acq'uiesced nor replied. He has not vvithdrawn his charges against Penn, nor condescended to notice the facts adduced in his behalf. " In the 11th edition of his History of England, bearing the date of .1856, Penn still appears as the pardon-brouker who accepted an infamous commission from the Maids of Honour, as thle agent emnoyed to seduce Eiffin, as endeavouing to persuade the .rince of Orange to support the Declaration of Indulge'.ce, as a tool of the Jesuits, and as I trying to corrupt the Fellows of Magdalen. Not a 'word is 1 I withdrawn. No charge is softened. All proofs of rnistake are overlook'ed. In the third and fourth volumues of the Hstory of England the same principle of incessant accusation prevails. Every reference to Pelm is accompanied by an epithet. His conduct is spoken of as 'scandalous, hs life as I unfavourable to mioral purity,' his word as' a fal hood.' Yet, from first to last, not one fact inconsistent with the highest character and the purest principle is proved against Penn." In consequence of this obduracy, and to sustain his o-wn presentment of Penn's character, Mr. Dixon has replied upon the 'whole case as it stands in the four volumes now published. He has thus (to take a metaphor from Aichbold or Chitty) applied for a rule to show cause why a ana2ulamus should not issue frdm some literary Queen's Bench, enjoining Mr. Macaulay to rmake certain alterations specified with reference to Penn in the next edition of his history. If Mr. Macaulay's charges can indeed be clearly disproved, it is not material that they are not original, and this part of M%1r. Dixon's pleading we do not heed. Of the charges there alleged to be false there are eigght, and thefirst is the most serious -viz., that Penn ex-torted money from the friends of the Taunton school-girls for the benefit of the MIaids of Honour. To this Mr. Dixon replies, there is an error in identification. A Mr. Penne cdl negotiate in this case in the capacity of a pardonbroker, and as suclh was addressed in a letter by Sunderland. But this Penne was not William Penn, as Mr. Mlacaulay would have it, but a certain George Penne, of whose existence, of -whose general character, and of lwhose trafficking in pardons for the Taunton rebels, there is sufficient evidence. MrE. Dixon produces a memorandum of certain money paid to George Penne by John Pinney, of Bristol, in this very behalf. He further identifies him as a lottery broker, and subsequent applicant for a patent of ganing tables in America; and he leaves Mr. Macaulay under the imputation of having confused two persons who are entirely distinct and apparently unconnected. The second charge of fr. IMacaulay is, that Penm tried to. seduce Eiffin, an eminent Dissenter, into subservience to James's views by the offer of an alderman's gown, but that he was employed to no purpose. lhIr. Dixon retorts lKifin's ow"n account of the transaction, observing that he was a Baptist, a friend and co-religionist of Penn's adversary, Hicl;s, and that he had no inducemuent to hide any worldly weaknesses of the insinating Quaker. Kiiflin states that he went to Penn, not that Penn came to him; that Penn, instead of being employed by the King or Court in the work of sedtuction, was engaged, at the instance of Kiflin himself, in endeavouring'to excuse him from the appointment; that Penn was employed to no purpose, but not in 3If. Macaulay'ss seeing that " the next Court day. I (Kiflin) came to the Court and took upon me the offlce of alderman.' So much for Penn's alleged attempt to seduce Kiffin, and for the sinultaneous allegation of its failure. Tle third charge of Mr. Macaulay is that Penn, by writing and speech, endeavoured to obtain the assent of the Prince of Orange to the Declaration of Indulgence. As to "speech," MNfr. Dixon sets up an alibi. Penn was never at the Hague so late as April, 16S7, the date when the Declaration was first issued. He was at the Hague in the summer of 1686, a-nd discussed the subject of toleration with the Prince, when the Prince and Princess decLared in favour of it. And, as to letters, there is no proof that he wrote any letters on either subject, while Biurnet contains " not one word" in support of such an assertion. The fourth charge is, that Penn was employed to terrify, caress, or blibe the FeRlows of Magdalen and the question is one of construction. Mrt'. Dixon states that the Fellows gave evidence to the effect that Penn's influence was used in their behalf -not against them ; that Mr. Macaulay reles on an anonymous letter which he ascribes to Penn, but 'which Penn did not 'write; that at the last interview which took place. Penn sportively suggested that Hough might be made a bishop, that his suggestion was understood as sport, and that Hough himself declared emphatically "I thank God he did n'ot offer at any proposal by way of accommodation. The fifth charge is that Penn's statement to the Coumcil that he did not wish to see James re- stored was a falsehood; and to this it is replied that Penn's statement agreed with his poltical convictions; that he was opposed to the influence of the Jesuits; that he was opposed to- the order comumanding the Declaration of Indulgence to be read in the churches; that he advised the release of the bishops; that he pleaded for an animesty to the exiles; that he coumselled Jaiues to be content with a toleration of his religion. and, "above all things, to be cauitious in his connexion -with France, lest the country should be discontented ," that James had run counter to his views in all these particuilars; and that although, as Penn's guardian and friend, Penn might still esteem him in his private capacity, his statement that he did not wvish to see himi restored as King is obviously in accordance -with probability. Tlhe sixth charge is that, Penn told Lord Sidney " somethin(g very like a lie, and confirmed it by sometlling very lke an oath," -while Sidney never hints that this was 7his impression. The sercvttlt and ciglth ch.ages are to the same effcct, that he did his best to procLure James's restoration by means of an invading force; and to these it is replied that the worlds which countenance this imputation, and which are applied to Penii by WVilliamson, an obscure spy, are also applied by him to a num ber of others; that Williamson, professing to report the desires of maniy eminent persons, including Penn,has reported them all in the same words ; that his testimony is therefore properly rejected by historians ; moreover, * Williama Pcnn; aaz Historical Biography,founded on .Fanili and State pqpcre. By Hepworth DLxon. New edi. tion, with a preface in reply to the accusatiois of Mr. gacailday. London, Chapman and Hlail, 185G. that the encouragements to invasion mentioned by' Avaux were obviously offered by the Jacobites of Scotland, and that the letter to that effect, said to have been written by Penn to James, is imaginary, and that Mr. MJfacaulay has not even secondary evidence of its existence. On all of these points issues are raised, some of which can be disposed of, in some of which the preponderance of evidence seems decisive. The question is independent of the merits of Penn. Be may or may not, as Swift avers, have " spokein agreeably and with spirit." He may or may not, as Burnet describes, have had " a tedious luscious way, that was not apt to overcome a man's reason, though it might tire his patience." But, at all events, he could not have been at the sametiine " good aud a great man," according to Air. Dixon. and an extortionate, seducing, intimidating, simoniacal scoundrel and perjured traitor, accordige to MIr. Macaulay. The evidence must warrant an election between such discrepancies as these, and Mr. Dixon is quite right in moving for a decision. Mr. MIacaulay should come into court, and, without pro. judging the result, if the authority lay with as, we would say, following oulr legal metaphor-" Mr~ :Dixion, taLe your rule."
THE PUBLIC HEIALTH. (From the Registrar-General's Weekly Return.) In the week that ended on Saturday the total number of deaths registered in London was 1,213, of wbich 638 werodeaths of males, 575 those of females. In the corresponding weeks of the ten years 1846-55 the average number was. 1,164. This number, if raisedlby a tenth part for compa. rison with last week's deaths, which occurred in an increased population, becomes 1,280. The present rate of! mortality is therefore less than the average. The mean temperature of the air fell below the averagea on Tuesday the 4th inst., and has continued more orless below it every day smce that date, with the exception, of four days last weelk That this unusual coldness has to, some extent affected the public health is shown by thedeaths from diseases of the respiratory organs, w'hich werein the last three weeks successively 191, 223, and 28L Tho. increase of bronchitis, which belongs to the class mentioned, appears from the following numbers, returned in the sameweeks-86, 101, and 141; the increase of pneumonia, thedeaths from which are more confined to children, is lessR marked, the numbers being 76, 92, and 96. J'hthisis (orconsumption) was fatal in the same periods in 129, 148, ind 144 cases. Whooping-cough, from which 54, 47, and 52 children died, was subject to but slight flactuation. 0f 26. deaths from scarlatina a half occurred in the north districts, principally Pancras, Islington, and Hacimey, while of 5S from typhus and common fever, 18 occurred, in the east districts, chiefly in Whitechapel and hile-end. Your deaths from typhus and "fever" occurred in the workhouse, St. Peter, Walwortb, be-- sides two froi nWhooping-cough; and four occurred from. the samedise3ase in Chelsea, north-west sub-district, two of these in the workhouse. Mr. Faulkner, of the south subdistrict of St. Giles, registered two deaths from typhus ina the workhouse, and he states that the deceased persons werenot regular inmates, but " when brought in were suffering from the fever which appears to have prevailed lately in the parish. A few houses have each had several cases, and the assistant-surgeon has been attacked by the disease." Iri North St. Giles, at 29 A, Crown-street, a woman died of typhus; Mr; Simpson, the registrar, writes that four persons have been attacked by the fever in that house, andl three have died. Iu last report a woman -was stated to have died at the ageof 104 years. In the returns for last week another remarkable examnple of longevity is recorded. A woman whohad lived at 4, Wlliiam-street, Dorset-street, Clapharnroad, died on the 17th inst. of " decay of nature; diarrhce X (three days)," at the age (as stated) of 103 years. She wasthe widow of a gnardener. 3Mr. Edwards, the registrar, mentions that her iUness was caused by hearing of the death. of her son, a man 61 years old, who died in Guy's Hospital, where he had undergone an amputation. She was previouasly in good health and in posfedsion of her faculties, and. assisted in the last week of her life in the usual domestic. duties. The age of old persons is, however, often exaggerated, and such statements are not to be received without. doubt, unless they are confirmed by a register of birth or baptism, or other satisfactory evidence. Last week the births of SS9 boys and 838 girls-in all 1,727 children-were registered in London. In the 10 corresponding weeks of the years 1846-55 the average numberwas 1,565. At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean height. of the barometer in the week was 2982S inches. Thehighest reading was 30 inches at the beginning of the week. The mean temperature was 428', which is 0)9 above theaverage of the same week in 38 years (as deterrmined by MrGlaisher). The highest reading was 52', and occurred OnL Wecnesday; the lowvest was 31-1, and occurred on Sunday. The mean dew-point temperature was 38-S', and the differ- ence between this and the mean temperature of the air was4'. The mean temperature of the water of the Thames wa. 42 6. The temperature of the river ranged from 40 3', the lowest, on Sunday and Monday, to 45-5', the highest, on. Saturday. The 'vind blew generally from the south-east on the first three davs ; from the- north-east on the last three_ Rain fell to the amount of 1-29 inches, most of which fell on. Monday and Tuesday.
[Advertisement.]-The Royal Pictures.-The Royal piCtures engraved in the "Art Journal" for April are:-" Gcenevlve of Brabaut," after ILBron Wappers; and " The Fountain at Madrid,after D. Roberts, rA. The sculpture plate is " Hagar and Isluael,." from the bas-relief by Ea S Bartholomew. The literary contents include-" Nomenclature of Pictorial Art," by J. B. Pyne; " National 1ortrait Gallery * " iuiggestions of Subject to the Student in Art "' Life of C. It. Leslie, 11A," iLustrated; " Winechester College," ihuls. trated; " The Hlome of raul Potter." by F. W. Fairholt, illustrated: "I, skin's' 3odern Praiters :"' " The Stereoscope," by R. 1un,t, F.IS., illustrated: "The National Instutution Eibition," &c. YVrtne and Co., 25, Paternoster-row. [Advertisement.]-The Niew Xovel.-" argaret and her Dridesmaid&s,"by the .uthor of " Woman'sDevotion." in 3vols., isnow ready at all the libraries. "The dargaret of thisinterestngstoryis beauty, gentleness, goodness, affection, and love, gloriously typilied. Nostory that occurs to ourmemory contains more interestthmnthisfornovel readers. particularly those of thetender ses, to whom it wiL be sb very dear favourite."-Observer. Also jest publshed, " Our Oust Story, nby Selina Bn.mb-.ry, 3 voLs. "Awvork of unquestionablle gelius. 'The story isfull of interest"-ChroniCle. "Madeline Clare," by Co!burn Itayne, Es3., vos. " ERu& and Beauty; or The Young Baroness." 3 vols. (to-morrow). Hurst and ilac6elt, publishers, 13, Great Marlborough-street. [Advertisementi-Tho Four Cheapest Books in the World.-Englishwomnn's DomestEc 3agazine. vols. 3, 2, 3, and 4. are now ali reprinted, and canbbe purchased at any bookseller's in thounited kingdom. Each volume contains SD colsmnns of most interesing and useful matter-vi7z, Tales-Biogralhical Sketches-hliscella-- neonus Articles-Prize Compositions-l'oetry-L1Alies Fancy Worl, Embroidery, Application Bad-,work Book-marklers Braidiug. Crochet,tho Fashions-Vookin;, Pickling nd &reserving-Te Sick-room.NsuseryThings Worth Knoving-The Toilette. There are alo more than 100illustrations by Birket Foster, John Gilbert, F. Morin, M. E. Dcar. and Julian Porteh. The Engulihwoman's Domestc Magazine is pubblished in monthly twopemay numbers, rund half-crown aimual vohunes, and, either bought as a monthly periodical or as a, complete book, is the best andcheapest magazine in the vorld. Any volume or volumes wiJl be sent, post free, by the publisher, Samuel 0. leeton, 1S, Biouverie-street. London. [Advertisemleut.]-" Peter Simple," price Is. 6d., by Cap. tain Maclyst, now- reatly, to be followed monthly b y the other w orks of this popular author. I`o wonder this cheap cditlun has met wilh imexamrpled success, for Captain ularryat has done for naval storles what Dibdin diU for the sailor's songs-stercotyped the British sailor for all time. Whtle the songs of the latter are repeated in every qiuarter bf the globe, the naval steries of the foumier are welcomed with delight at countlees firesides at home and abroad. The 30th thouncad of 4 Peter Simnle" is nowv ready, anid on April 15th will bc publisl.ed " Tho Ring's Own," price Is. 1d., by Captain Marryat. London, Georgo Iouticdge and Co.. Farringdon-strett. rAdvcrtisement.}-" A Compraative Table "; is just published, and forivarded free by post on receipt of one stamp, by Samuel Brothers, 29, Lngdate-hill, showing the highest and lowest prices of brad, iour. -and wheat luring each year, froiu January 1, 1835, to December 31, 1355. The lpurpose is to place at one ghavce before the reader a eomprehenlive view of all the relttive vicissitudes of the bread and wheat markets unider tho various circumBtances of nationa31l prosperity or reverse, and the various fiscal regulatious vhicll hbav operated during the l,tled in question. "Tl;e tablo is altogether i-cry suggestive.'L3Iorning ALdvertiser. "The result of the bakerS' competition moo- e painly s2een i thishlttletable."-Daily Nc-wa [Advertisement. ]-Wlle the subject of na.tional education is being languidly discussed in Parliament, and while faction is rendering abortive every measure that is p)ropbosed, pjrivate enterprise, ever inadvavncoof the tovevrment, is enabling tim eroplo to edneat thems3elves. WVithout the aid of an act of l'arliamn ct or of pllliic moncy any per3on may obtain foz 6d. a-nmonth an education superior to thitwhichnine-tenths of thc middleclassof socfetyrec;ve On the 29th of .March will appear the inft weetly numuber f the re-issue of ca3EeUl's " Popular Educator." edited by l'rofcaarWa'.lae. A.3. of the University of Glasgow, and Collegiate Tutor of the University of London, price 1d.; to eopublisbed also in monthly pars., price -d. aud. Sid.; in divisansa i n alumndsome coloured wrapper. lIe-s '5.; anti itu baIt-yearly volumes. priee 'Is Gd. The wvhole euoznlete Ll in emVOhLlume campnpisirog avninvaluiable Ihbrary of ulseful knowledge. Fur tue con-inienee of those who wxish to com:plete FeetS without delay, or to purehase the entlre iorerk, the whole 5iUb e pt on hand during tl;o Deriol of re-issue. Thledfrst throovolumnesmtay also be lhad ems inferier paperat ld. per number- Sd, and ft, per po)rt; So. GIL ber l oi or completea ha one vol.. 9s. 6d.' London. \V. Itent and ('o.. l'-ater's~torwrosr, ;.nd ail boottLscDer snd ncwavendemin the united kiurdomu. .~~~~~~~~~~pr
r tOM L7w ONDO0 GAZETTE of Tuscday, Jfarl1c 25. FOREIG-OFFICE. B.Rw 2t the Queen has been pleased to approve Mr. George Allen Everitt as Consul at Bimingham for His -Majesty tho 3ingof Hazover. The Quen has also been pleased to approve Mr. Thomm2 Havers as Consul at Port Stanley for the free Hanse. Atc city of Hamburg. 7HUEIALT4 M&OCH 23. The Queen bas been pleased to appoint Janmes Duff, Elsq., tobe Lieutenant and Sheriff irincipal of the Shire of Banff, hie roowm of JamemEarl of Fife, resigned. cWAR DEPARTMENT, KARCUt 25. Moyal teirnent of Horse Guards.-Phip Benmett. jent., to be Cornet.bypurcbaw,Tcee illams,promoted; CorporaI ohnBowell :tobelRiding Maater;'vice Brunt, resigned. t DrApou Guarda.-Capt. Robert Garrard, firom 95th Foot, to be Ca&pt.vice HeuIep who exchanges Royol Artlllery.-The surname of the gentlem%n appointed liout., with temporary raak, on the 6th of Mfarch, in the " Gazette" of the 18th inst., ia lever, and not TeTers, as therein stated. ScotaFnuleer Guards.-Brevet.CoL Jobn Henry Pringle. from halfey unattaehed,'to be Capt. and Lleut.'Cot -vice Fordyce Buchan. who 4xchanges; I..ent. ar d Cazpt .Wllam itosnto be Clapt. a;d Lisut.- C'ot. by p se, vice P gle. who retires: Capt. W. J PBo, from SOth Foot, to be Lisut. and Cape, by percase, vice Aitby seon. 1st Foot.-John BuldgeFraser. gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, In Stcceion toI3eut.HIurt, promoted, 3d Foot. To be CATrADns, without Purchase. M.ieut. A. T. Cous}raker. vice toesi, deceased. Lieut. Leonard didebottom, vice Cousernaker, whore romotion, without purchae, on the 8th of January, has been cancelled. Liet,t W. Wainnan, vice Sidebottow, whose promotion, without aircbase, on the Ist of February, bas been cancelled. To be LuEUTEAsTS, without Purchase. Fnxign F. Morley, 'ice Coussaker. Ensign R. B. Leathani. vice Morley, whose promotion, without purclmse, on the 8th of October. 1855, has been cancelled. E:nsign A. B. ote>, 'rice I,eathainx vhose- pNomotion, without pm.- hase, on the 9tb of Nfovember, 1815. has been cancelled. Ensgn John Adhy. vice Lotte, whbose promnotion, without purche, <un the l6th of 1November. 1855, haa been cancelled. E:nsign Hary Pears, rice Awdry. whose promotion, without perchse, on the: 8th of January, has been cancelled. TRhe surname of the E;nsign promoted to a Lientenancy on the 1st in5t. is "Sh, A,ubn," and not '-St. Aubin." as previously elated. 15tFoet.-Breret-Maior.T. H, Wingfield. to be MIajor, without urehase, viceBrevet-Lieut.Col. Et, A. Cnthbert, fwho retires upon full or- LTent. Robert n. Price to be Capt without purchase, vice lfingBield Ensign and Adit. Bobert Coupe to have the rank; of Lieut.; En- ign F. S. L', FitzEoY to be Lieut. * ithout purchsse, vice price Rneign3ancpt.Taowlins, from the 3d West YodIa Regiment, to be E nign, without purchse, vice fitzrloy. r h24t Foot. F'or Thot.si Hill, geut., to be Ensign, without purchase, wice Holford, a arch 7, 1856, which appeared in uthe~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~o th Geteh' of October,ns Bead Capt. Whouna Hill, from the horth York Miitia, to be sin, without purchse, a iae Hotformp an ppointed to th 9th Foot. 37th Foot.-The first Christian name of Ensign Bell ia Robirt, and uot Arthur, aAprperously stated. ilst FooL-wLieut. a V. Fitzloy to be Capt., vithout purchase, vice Thevet-Mf3jor Luzuley Graham, wvhose brevet rank lias been converted 0nto subtntne rank, uder the Ronal Warrant of the 6th of October, 18$i: EnsigE. J. B. Donelan to be Lieut., without purchase vice 95itzFoy First Lieut. amtthew. Eleen, from the Kent Drtillery rep,ibent oE iLit.,, to be Ensign, without purchase, vice Donelan, Quar- nzastero.erT. John Whyer *o bde tbsig e w ithout purchhse, audlQt. vice LCmbres, hresigdnsthe adjutancylonly. 53d Fcoot.-Lieut. William Paterson, fromu the 80th Foot. to be Capxt. -t purchase. vice Carter promotede Leutd Charles Andersen ttoahead,r romhi-paSth Foot. tobe 1ieut,, vice Sutherland, promoted wwithout prchase, to an unatt. company. dth Feot.-_ieat. Charles blorgan, from the Bucks Mllitia, to be tnshgn, ithout purcha3e, Gice Colquhoun, appointed to the 15th Foot. 905th Foot.-I nsiSn Hiugh Gordon, from the Ceygon Riile Regiment, so be Fsi ,n, 7vithout purchase. -th Foot.C.apt. James Henley, from the 5th Dragloon Guard3, to -be Ctpt., vice Garnr,ib, who exchanges. S6thFoot.-LAeut. John Vhite,ide to be Co.pt.. Bithout purchase, vice Lornbert,decessed: EnsignHelwtell H. H. Vfsl3he to be Ient without punrchase, vice Wiiteside: Ednuind Johnu Scovell, gent., tobe iDnsign, without purchase, vice WYaishe. Bide Brigade.-WVilllam Arbutlinot, gent., to be Ensign, without Vpurchase. Sd West India Regiment.-Franeit Ironside Rawvlins, gent., to be Rnsign.hy purcbase, vie Row7Land, Ceylon Rille P.egiment.-H1ugh Gordion. gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, nice Poddy, prom oted. Arthur Hasr, gent., to he Ens6ign, without purchsd vice Gordon, appointed to the 90th Foot. BRITISH-GERMN LEGION. 1st Ligh t Dragocons.-Ceunt Ladislaus Siztaray, formerly of the Ausirian Imnperia Cuirassiers, to be Captain. 1Louis Adalbiert Pickier to lie Lier.t. AugustVon Verga to be Cornet. LRieut. B. C. Chpperton tobeAdt. 2alight Dragoons. To be LIEUTENA?ITS. Robert ToompEon, gent, to be Paymaster. Lientu sgo oHeym aun, to be Adyt. Edmend Dreny Drake. gent, to be Quaratermaster. Adolph Danuteiats, to be Surg. vanwff Von WiSUentzky, to be Asiist.-Srr Charlep Rls,to be Assist.-Surg. 5th Light Infantry. Itichayil Cellos, to be Mlajor. Augustus BeoUc de ILassie. to be Paymnaster. Jamres Darcer, to be Qatermaster. Rudolph Kiautbaeser, to be Surg. oudwigeStnffer, tobe Assist.tSurg. Johw MatnStcer to be Asist-S arg. 6th Liaht Infantry. CGeorge Mercer Murray, to be DaMate r. rltd Mactr, to be Surgeon. Geo:re shebeur, to be Assistant-Surgeon. Johann MartinSticker, to be Assistant-Surgeon. Depot at Hfe* soland. 'Gpt. Friedrich C.Xonlienaings, tonbe Depot Adjt., vice Hoifrasun, =Pvointedtoe thc Staff. Petc43iichels, tobe Depot Quarterma ster, vice Addison, resigned. PROVISIONAL DEPOT BATTALION. Capt. F. W. Goatling from the 49th Foot, to be Assist.-AdMt.. vice I -sing, appointedAd:t. UNATTACHED. BrevetXajorLaumleyGraham, of the 4stFoot. to have.hisbrevet *ank coavertedinto substantive rank, under the Royal Warrant of the tth of October, 1I54. HOSPITAL STAFF. Surgeon John William Mostyn,XD., fonm the 2dWest India Regiment., to be Staff-Surgeon of the Second Class. Acting-Assistant-Surgeon John De is Healy, to be Aesistant-Surgeon totheYorces. BREVET. The following promotion to take place consequent upon the death of the undermentioned officers Fleld-MarshaI;oYdR3%1an GO-B diedJune28,1855; Gen Sir W. G. Davy. died Jan 25 i5S3- Gen SirTobhGrey, .C.R , died Feb. 1, 1356 - Lieut.4en. ChrlewiAsho A' ceourt RepiG!on. &.B, to be Gen. Breuret-Lieue.-CoL Robert A. Cuthbert, retired upon full pay, 15th Toot to be CoL in the array, therank being honorary only. Major Samuel Tolfrey Christie, SEth Foot, to be Lieut-CoL in the -Army. The undermentioneci officer, having completed three ears service in the rank of Lient.-Col., to be promoted to be Col. in the army, under the Royal Warrant of Oct. 6, 180- 5 Lieut.-Col. William Irwin, half-pay, 80th Foot (A&sist.-Quarteraaster-Gen., kenny). The undermentioned Lieutenants, serving with local rank in Turkey while attache d to the Turkish Contingent, to be :attached to the Osmanli Horse Artillerv-I The commision of Lieut RudolphWichmannattached to the Briti& Ceenmlegion. to bear dae the 26Ut o' Eebruary, instead of the 29th Cit.. as preyviouau statedL Tile undermentioned promotions to tale place in the EAst rndia Companyfs Axmy, consequent upon the death of lieutenant-General SirJohbHunterLittler, G.aB., Bengal Infantrj, on the 18th of February:- Mijor-G'un. Frederick Young Benal InTantry, to be Lieut.-Gen. Co.L Wei ud Budd. M.drss T-fantr to be Major-Gen. The undermentioned oflicers of the East India Company's S2ervice, retired upon full pay, to have a atep of honorary rank, as follows:- * ~~~To be COLOhEXr.s Iieut.-Col. Benjamin Trayell Pbilll Bengal Light Cavalr. Lieut.-CoL George Wright, Madras Infantzty. To be LiE=N-T-CorozS. Major Thomas David Colyear. Bengal L igt Cavalry. MKajor Pringle Shortreed, Bengal Infantry. aLrjor Henry Crewieke .a'wlinson. C.R, Bombay Infantry. To be AJOR. Capt. James Duncan, Bengal Infantry. ADMIRALTY, MARCH 20. Corps of Royal farines. B3reyet. Capt. Edward P. I Usaher having been allowed to retire on full:>M^undertheprovisions of erMajesta' OrderinxCouncil, Septemper, L.1S5 to be Major, the rank being honorary. =3AncGl 22. Corps of Royal Iarlnes. First-Iteut. Wynder Kelly Ireland to be Capt.. vice B. P. HI. tuaier. retired. goomd-Liert. Robert Ballard Gardner to be First-Lieut, Tice Ire3md, proamoted. COMMSSIONS Sizwd by the LoRI.Lr E'r An,T of the North Riding of YouxsHRr. Thomaa Light }lwen, REq.. to be Deputy-LIeut. North York iS Refiment af Mlitla-A sat.-SurS. Edward TwoddIeUAtkinion to be Burg., vice Richard Atkinson. reaugued. By the LoRD.ra ei.acANTr of the CodIty of GLAMoROAN. Royl CGlamorgan BLght InfanirhMiitia.-illiamJacob Birt, Esq., 1ate Jinis Draon Guards, to be Capt.; Leopold Exol Evans gent., tobe siga; Dealel Dudley Mhher. gent., to be Ensig. - By the LORD-L z .r r o the county of SuvrE:.t?enD. Ro*4 Caithnews. 8utherland. and Cromarty Regiment of Ride Zilliti,..aPt. Frederick .raser to be M1ajor, vice Ross, promoted. By theLoaflosD-L Ta Tof the County Palatine of LB.s3Type 5th Reg int of Royal lancashire lUitia-nsign Alfred Flmund aa-I~ to be- Iieut.. vice Hoiden. re3igned; Ens_4n Richard Horley lo be Iteut.. vice Mills, a3pointed to the 1st Royals; Ensign James xGunning Plualett to be Litut., vice Bomford, appointed to the 39th By the Io nt-LrXerzMAr of the County of Satinr. Lst Reniment of the Royal f30my Militia.-Major George Palmer ~WIas to be LleGat- L; Capt. Georxe Dennitoun Scott to be Major; Liect. Arthur Holw Sumner to be Capt. BE tle LoDI LrmuwrAfA of the County of WILTS. V`oyal Wiltshire Yeomanry Cayalry.-Hugh Francis Lethbridgo Es*le,. gent.. tobe Cornet vice John Whlttaker Bash, promoteod. Rrratum in thz " Gazette" of the 15th inst.:- RoyalAyrmhire l-lWes.-For Capt. Murray Fraser "I Furers," &a., tA Q-pt, Murray Enwrea " 'Ferree" di. This " Gaette' contains notices that the following places have been duly registeredfor the solemni ation of marriages therein,'Nile-street Chapel, Warbllngton, Southampton. Church of the inmaculate Conception, Bartapte. - -- PARTNEMSIPS DISSOLVED. Axford Brothers, Bridgwater and Hibbridge, timber merchlats.- Silith and Smedley. or Smith and Co.. Salford, roller makers.-W. D. Evarard and J. D. Hall, Abbots Bromley, Staffordshire, dmpers. -B. Brookinan and T. IL Bere, Pearl-street, Spitalfield, pork butberam-. R. and E. Smith, Baylhsnm, Suffolk, millem0C. Whittaker and Co Accrington. Lancasbire moulders.. }Kendall and H. Gardner, Duley, Worcetenhibre, coi masters.-B. Bevan and Co., Eccleeton, Lancasbire; and A. Haliburton and Co..,AspuAl, LancaEhire, manufacturers of coperas.-A. and D. Heard, iton-street. City. licensed victualler.- rorn and Parkinson, Clitheroe, tailor-J. Smuth and Sons, Halifax, dyer.-J. Humphreys and J. Wallen, Old Broad-street. auctioneers.- eed and Learer, Queen's-road. Bayswatc, zinc workers.-W. Holliday, T. Lewis, T. Bedford, J. F. Harvey, ani W G. Ling, Birmingham, drapers; as far as regards J. F. Harveyr. OlZrTas and Tatham, Long Itchington, Warwickshire, lime wanufacturen-Greenisli and Dawkins, Haverfordwest, drapers: as far as regards W. Dawldins.-The Misses Hoopers, New Saramn,Wiltshire, milliners.-Atillman and tryli4 Launoeston, Cormwal, livery stable-keepers.-F. and F. Ullmer, 3un., Aldersgate-atreet, priters' brokers.-Tizard, Pryin, and Co.. E?st Stonebouse, Devonshire, brewerm-H. Pamsbottom and . Pickup Manchester woollen warehousemeu.-S. Edwards, A. hlstcd, F. C. Cowell and J. Anthony, Plymouth. ironfounders; as far as regards s. Edwards and F. . CowelL-J. Clare and SorLs, orS. and J. Olare, Ashton-under-Lyne aud Heywood, grocers.-Barnes and Leah, Staverton-row, Newington, general drapers.-Turner and Hipkmas, Woli-erhamupton, brewvers.- Cartledge and Goddard, Basford, Nottinghamdsiret brickr makers.- Whitomoco and Whiesdtone, Union-court, Old Bro-seteets goldand sliver penedicase makers.-A. Walton and hL hL Walker, lYoiverhamptor bras, A omdery-J.Auty and W. ParonDesury,Yorksbre.yarnsPinnecs.-RobertsandiButler,Liverpool4iymits.beaand Martin, WVest Coker, Somer3etshire. twrine, anuiacturers,-ourlay and 7Valker, imn., Northampton, tailors. DECLARTION OF DIVDEND)S. B. French, St. Mlary's-terrace, Walworth-road, slationer-fls div. of Is. 2d.. on lVednesdaa5 next. and three subseqiuent WednesdaYs, at MIr. Lee's, Aidermasblury D. Edwards, jun., Landport. com factor-first div. of l0Id., on Wednesday next, and three aubsequent Wednesdays, At Mr. Lee's, Aldermanbury. N;eaton and Payne, Newr Park-street, Southwrark, gas engineerssecond div. of zs. I., on Wednesday next, and three subsequent Wednesdays, at ,Mr. Leo's, Aldersanhury. nzesday next, and three s'ubtequent Wednesdays, at bir n EWd; Sambrook-court. Basinchall-sreret. H. Wylde. New (:avendish-atseet. Plortland-place, Mahrylobone, music-seller-first div. of Id . any Tneaday, at MXr. Peaneli's, Guildballchambers, Basln!rhad-street. G. Fox, crombIe3-row. Commercial-road East clothier-second div. of lid, any Tuesday, at Mr. Pennel's, Guildhal-hamnbers, Basinglallstreet. B. Briggs, Chatham and Newington, grocer-second and fnal div. of 3d., any Tuesday, at Mr. Poune's, Guildhall-chambers, Basiaglstreet. J. and J. 2t. Reay. Mark-lane, wine merchants-final div. of Is. Old.; and third aedflnimdiv. of Is. Old. onthe separate estate of J. Reay. sem-any Tuesday, at Mr. Pennells, Guldhall-chambers, Basinghallstreet. - W. Dunkley, Daventrn. grocer-second dir. o' 6d.. any Tuesday, at .,r. Pennell's, Guildhall-chambers, Basiughal-street. Laugb and Limebeer, Great Queen-street, Lincoln's-ian-fields, and St. James's-street. blackdng manufacturers-second div. of 3a. zd., any Tuesday. at Dlr. PenneUl's, Gnildhall-chambers, Bssirghall-street. A. Douglas, Old Broad-street, merchant-sixth and final div. of d., any Tuesday, at M1r. Pemell's. Guuldball-chambers Basinghall-street. I. L Powell. Romsey, cabinetmaker-second and final div. of 3ld., any Tuesday, at Mr. Pennell's, Guildhali-chambers. 3asingball-street. T. Williams, Feenchurch-street merchant-fourth and final div. of 2;d., any Tuesday, at Mfr. Pennell's, Guldlball-chambers, Basiughallstreet. 3. Waddell, Lime-street. Leadenhali-street. insurance broker-third and lnaldiv.of lL, any Tuesday, at Mtr. PenneU's, Gudldhall-chamhers, Basiaghall-street. 3. Hunt, }ladham, H;erifordahire, farmer-first div. of lSa., any Tuesday, at Mr. Penuel's, Guidhali-chambers. Baiag2hall-street. T. Gilea, St- John's-Lasne, Clerkaenwle wireworler-second and final div. of Idt. artyuesday, at Mrv. Pennell's, Guildhal.t-chamXbers, Basingballd-street. E. Mr. Demaisse and H. T. Wooller, Buckdersbury, merchants-third and final div. of I3d, any Tuesday, at Mr. Pennell's, GuildhalI-chambers. Baslaghall-street. J. Brown. Winchester. carPenter-final di,. of ls. 3d.. any Tuesday, at Mr. Penne'd's, Guildhall-chambersb Basinghall-street. J. Digby,Birch, Essex. miler-first div. of lS, any Tuesday, at Mr. }'enneli s, GudidhaUl-chambers BastehaUi-street. G- Tapling, Wood-street, Cheapside, caret rarehouseman-final div. of ld., any Tuesday, at htv. PenneH'sa GuildhaUl-chambers. Bassughall-street.- T. and3.Heywood, Word-street. Cheapaide, and Melbourne, New South Wales, taco warehousemen2--lrst div. oftIs. l d., any Tuesday, at MIr. PemmeHi's, Gulldba'd-chamber3, Basiaghal'd-street. BANKRUPTS Thomas Smith and Elijah Heanield, Stainsbyterrace, Stainaby-road, Poplar, dealer, tosurrender, April 2, at I o'clock, xsy3, at 12, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicItor, Mr. Chidley, Gresbam-street; official assignee, Mr. Peenell, Gulidhall-chambers, Basinghiall-street. George William Knight, St. Andrew's-read, Limehouse, buider, pril 2, MsIay 10, at 11 o'clock, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, Ir. Price,Abehurchlane; official aswignee, Mr.Pennell, GuIldlaUchamb Basinghall-street. William Ashton. Sloane-street, Chelsea, chymist April ., at halfpast 12 o'clock, May 9, at 1, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors, Messrs. Norris and Allen, Bedford-row; official assignee, Mr. Whitmore. Bnsingliall-street. Thomas John Coombs. Portsea, baker, April 4, at 11 o'clock, May 9, at half-past 11, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors, Mr. Godwin Essex-court, Temple; and Mr. Clark, Bishop's Walthama; official asEignee. Mr. Cannan, Aldermanbury. Benjamin Cooper, Frome Selwood. Somersetshire. clothier, April 7, May 5, at 11 o'clock. at the Bristol Dlstrict Court of Banuluptcy: solicitor. MEr. Miller. Frome; officialassignee, Mr. Miler, BrIstoL Beniamin WYod, SheffieldL holler-maker, Apri5. May 3, at 10 o'clock, at the Leeds District Court of Bankuptcy, held at Sheffield: solictors, Messrs. Cooper and Sons, SMachester; of ficial assignee, Mr. Brewin, Sheftield. WVilliam Shipman, hranchester, baker, April Sand 29, at 12 ocloclr, at the Mlanchester District Court of Bankruptcy; solicitors, -Mr. Hardman, Manchester: official assignee, hr. Poll, Manchester, Samuel Greenwood. Bishopwearmoulhengine April 4. at Bankruptcy: solicitor, Mir. Brauweli, SanderLand; offeicia assignee, MGr. Baker. Newcaste-upon-lbne. John Beat, Soutth Shields, spirit-merchant. April lO;at 10o'dock, Mtay 20, at 12, at the Newcastle-upon-Tyne District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors, Mr. Crosby, Church-court, Old Jewry; and Mr. Hwoyle. Newastle-upon-T3no; offJicial assignee, Mr. Baker, Newcastletpon- Tyno. DIVIDENDS. April 25. J. Jones, Mfanchester, machine maker.-Aprd 25, G. Jones 3nd EK Cleg. Salford, sronfoundera-April. 16, 0. H_ Wall and C. Polt, Samdest)ury. near- Preston, cottonspinera-April 15, E. Stirke, ranchester, money sereveaer.-AprllS, G. Wilson,. Salford, ironounder.-Aprl 16.S Cookse, Manchester, timber merchant.-April 26. 3. Richardson. )u.. Cockermouth, Osusberland, brewer.- April 17. T. Young-, ?.orth Shields and Howden Pans. Northumberland. shiphuilder.-April 17. T. Direst, Crook. Durham.t grocer.-April 2.., T WYalton, llavertou-hiUl, Durham, glass manlufacturer. . CERTIFICATES to be granted unless cause be shown to the contrary on the dayof meetin. April 15, J. Virtue. Newman-street, Oxford-street, and- Alfed-menws Tottenham-court-roadL carpenter.-Aprill16, . Hobbs, Brighton, ironmonger.-April 16, W. Schenk, Royal-Exchange-buildings, Corohil, and elsewhere, 3neTchant.-April 16, J. C. Gaskeli and T. Garstang, Blackburn, machine makers. SCOTCH SEQUESTR&TIONS. C. Gcodfelow, Dunfermline, grocer, April 7, at 2 o'clock, at Tarnbull's Commercial HoteL DunferiUne. 3. M. Wilson. Leith, shipbroker, April 1, at I o'clock, at the New Ship Hotel, Leith. J. Muir. Glasgow commission merchant, April 5, at 12 o'clock, at the Globe EIoteL Glasow.
PRIZE MONEY. DeparEment of the Accountant-General of the Navy, Admiralty, Somerset-house, March 24. Notice is hereby given to the officers, seamen, and marines. and to all persons interested tlierein, that the distribution of proceeds arising from the Danish vessel Industrie, captured on the 17th of April 1854, by Her Majestys ship Conflict, will commence on Monday, the 31st of March. 1S5, in the prize branch of the department of "the Accountant-General of the Navy, Adr9iralty, Somersetho-ase." Agents and other persons holding powers of attorney,. prize orders, assignments, or other instruments, by virtae of which they maybelegally entitled to claim the share of any captor serving in the abovenamed ship, are requested to present the same at this offlice. Any officer, seaman, marine, or other person, who may desire to receive his share from the Collector of Customs or of Inland Revenue within the united kingdom, is required to intimate the same by letter, to be addressed " On Yrize Business, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, London"-in which letter his own place of residence is to be precisely stated, as well as the place of the nearest Collector of Customs or of Inland Revenue from whom it would be convenient to receive such share of prize money. The following re the shares due to an individual in the several classes
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I arrived in London from Shanghai on the 22d inst., and having seen in nte Times of that day a letter signed "Never Despair," relating to the missing steamer Pacific, I thought I would give an abstract of my log from February 18, thenL being in lat. 41-48 ., long. 37V20 W.; fresh gales from the S.E. and sqialls of rain. Febraary 19.-Moderate breezes from the S.W. and &hick weather. February 20.-Fresh breezes from the S.S&E. and thick and rainy, with a heavy sea from the S.E. ; lat 47-27 N., long. 311l W. February 2L-This day hcavy gales frbm- the S.E., with a Tery-heavy sea; at meridian, s'hip under close reefed maintoprAil. and forestaysail; lat. 49121 N., long. 29-49 W. Feoruary 22.-All this day heavy gales from S.E., my ship laying-to under close-reefed maintopsail, with a very heavy sea; lat. 50-0 N., long. 29123 W. February 23.-All this day heavy gales from the S.E., and heavy squalls of ran; at meridian, ship under msin spencer, and a vsry high crosa sea; on this day saw a steamer steering to the N.W. -under short sail and steam; could not make out whether she was a side wheel or a screw, but think she was a screw; lat 514 N., Iong. 28-42W. Febraary 24.-The first part of thisday heavy gales from the S.S.E.; from 8 p.m. to 3 a.m. it blew a perfect hurricane, the ship laying her lee rail under fore and aft; at meridian, Eght breezes from the W.S.W.; lat. 51.15 N., long. 28-49 W. February 25.-First part lght breezes from the .W.S.W.; latter part fresh breezes from the land, rainy; middle and latter part heavy gales from the S., with a heavy sea, and the ship imder close-reefed topsails; lat. 51-10 N., long. 22-59 W. February 27.- inst par' heavy"gales from the S., the ship under close reefed maintopsail; latter partmnore mnoderatc; lat.51-33 N., long. 2131 Tf. February 28.-All this day fesh gales from the S.S.E., and thick; ship under double-reefed topsail; lat. 511U N., long. 17-35 W. February 29.-Fresh breezes from the S. and squalls of rain; lat. 51-11, long. 15-5. March 1.-This day freah breezes from the SE. and E., tacked ship to the S.;lat. 50 26N., long. 12S33W. From the Izt of Mfarch to the 15thhave hadthe wind from E.N.E. to E.S.E., some of the time blowing a gale, the ship under reefed topsails. You will see I have been 27 days from lat. 4148 N., long. 37'20 W., to the Scillys. Now then, if the missing steamer was disabled, and with no more canvass than they generally carry, she could not fetch within 300 miles of Ireland; I could not fetch Cape Clear, and if the Pacific is afloat she is as far north as 55, if not further, if she had the wind as I had it. I passed 100 sad of vessels on the edge of soundings. Mfarch 10.- Lat. 49J27 N., long. 8-48 W., spoke the ship lady Louisa, from London, hound for Melbourne, and was veryldndly supplied with provision from her, for which I return many thanks. B. W. TUCKER, Ala^ter of the Arnerican clipper ship Swallow. Qlndon,l Ma±ch 24.
JMONA Y-MABKT and OITYIVTELLIGENC. Tuesday Evening. The quotation of gold at Paris is about 6 per mile premium (according to the last tariff), which, at the 13nglsh Mint price of 31. 17s.10id. per o. for standard gold, gives an exchange of 25.32; and, the exchange at Pari on London at shortobstng 25.3Th, it follows that gold is about; 0.22 per cent. dearer in London than in Paris. By advices from burg the price of gold is 426k per mark, wchich, at the nglish Mint price of 31. 17s. lOjd. per oz. for standard gold, gives an exchange of 13.o ; and, the e1change atEhamburg on atondon at short being 13.ot , it followsthat gold is 0.87 per cent, dearer in tiondon than in Hamnburg. The teglish funds opened to-day at the closing prices of last evening, but subsequently became languid. Consols for money were first quoted 92r to i, and there were afterwards sellers at r2s. At the ofoicial close there were buyersaat that price, while for the 10thof April the last tranaTions were at 92s. One cause of the dulness consisted in the repeated postponements of the announcement of the treaty of peace, which have created an impression that the arrangements effected may have en piess eratisfactony than was at one period anticipated. Consol Scrip left off at 2N to A premium; Exchequer-bonds, 98T to i; India-bonds, 12s. to 6s. discount; and E xchequer-bills (arch), 2s. to 4s. premium; (June), par. ?oreign securities were steady, with a moderate amount of business. The transactions in Turkish Sin per Cents. tookplace at 97a for the account and those in the F our per Cents. Guaranteed at 100k for the account. N~o important variation occurred in other descriptions. The general operations have comprised-Braziliany ive per Cents., 10hw, i, and 101; the Small, 102; Granada eew Active, 2l} and i;i hexican Three per Cents., 200.; eussian Four-and-aHalt per Cents., 93w; Sainian five per Cents., 94,L94, and 9; Spanish New Deferred for account, 24; Spanish Certificates, 5a; Venezuela Deferred, 12h and i; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 96. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rates remained without alteration of importance. The 4inal prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 72f. 45e. for money and 72£. 70c. for the account, showing a tendency to decline. The 4S,0001. of gold broughtiby the Lightning has been taken to-day to the Bank of England. In addition to the further slun of 3S0,0001. expected daily from Australia by the Blackwall, 61,70s. wil be brought by the Brilliant, which sailed from Geelongcong the 26th of December. Str. Henry Luard, the general manager of the mondon and County Bfank, has resined, and Mr. William M'Kewan, his deputy, has bieen provisionally appointed to succeed him. This change is stated to have no connexion with tho recent death of MIr. Sadleir, whose securities deposited whith the bank, and which consisted of title-deeds, have all been pronounced perfectly regular, after an exanination instituted by Messrs. Freitsheld. Al bill brought in by the Lord Chandellorfor the assimilation of the mereantile law of the united kingdom ctins a clause abolishing the necessity for a writtencontract in the purhase and saleof goods. The measure will come on for discussion aftermEaster, and it is particularly desirable that this part of it should be fully understood, since it must have an important bearing on everynmerantile trlansaction. Acording tothe 17th section of the Statute of Frauds, no ontract for the sale of goods of 101. or upwvard is valid unmless some note or me-* morandut in aritinl of the bargain be made and signed by the parties to be charged by such contract or by their authorized agents. The act is a very old one, and, in the opinion of a former Chancellor, every line of it was " worth a subsidy." It has not applied to Scotland, in which country a verbal agreement is binding; and in some parts of Eng- land, especially Manchester,itahas been disreoarded. In London it has been looked upon with favour, and strictly adhered to. Tis discrepancyof custom being inherently objectionable, although it does not apoear to have been attendedh with so munch practica abcnveoence as might have been anticipated, the MercantiledLaw Commrision, in a report printed last year, recommended that the enactment should be repealed, " and that the laws of Englan and IreIand should in this respect be assimilated to the simplerg rule of the common lawe observed in Scotland.'" On the theoretical propriety of effecting an 'assimilation of the law there can oe no question. The point is, should the Scotch system be made to conform to that of England and ieland, or should the process be of the opposite kind ? The chief argnment o favour of abolishing the provisionseems to consist in the inexpediency -of making an inflex;ible rule in a matter which, withot intrere-ing with any moral principle, may be left to individual discretion. Those who consider a written note of contract advantzageous may still insist upon having it; bult why, it is isked,'shut out the possibility of parol uestimony in cases where parties prefer the- risk of dispensing with such a precautions In the absence of a written note iuries would be entitled to requiro evidence of the' most unimpeachable description before deciding -in any given case that a contract had been completed; but instances must sometimes occur in which persOns through ignorance of the law enter into aerbal agreements, which could not be disput'ed without reckless4l,ishonesty; and it is contended that no enactment can have a salutary operation which precludes redress under such circumstances. On the other hand, the reasons for maintaining the English practice possess considerable weig,ht. The cases of error from ignorance of the law are mostly of an insig,nificant character, whereas the fact that the enormous trahnactions of London, which affiect the ommerce- of u the entire world, have always been carried on under the existing system, and wourld, at least texpoe trily, be un- settled by any change in it, is a strong plea for demanding its 'continuance. At present the broker who makes the contract which is to bind beth parties sends the bought and sold note at once to each party respectively. If 'he has mininderstood or abuseda their instructions, the mischief is at once corrected; but if no written evidence be required, and the transaction rests on the verbal evidence of the broker, there is obviously an opening for much mischief. "It may be said," observes a legal corrspondent of great commercial experience, " that this mischief will in time be corrected, and that if brokers are found to abuse the confidence of their employers they will cease to be employed, or will on all occa~sions use wYritten contracts ;'but to arrive at this result you will have to go throughs a very doubtful experiment; and probably much litigation." This diversity of' opinion" being prevalent, it is desirable that thie attention of the merchants of Leondon should be given' to the subject, and the object of the 'present- remarks is to suggest that they should take some measues to ascertain the general feeling respecting it. On the propriety of written contracts being always insisted upon in' practice there is not likely to be' much difference of view 'amono prudent persons. and even if the expediency of abolishing the law by which they are made imperative should be admitted it is to be hoped that the custem, as a custom, will never be relaxed, and that juries will learn to view with great suspicion any claim in whiich it may have been neglected. The bar silver brought by the last West India mail has been sold to-day at 61d. per ounce, showing an advance of id. Annexed is an extract of a mercantile letter from Mexico relating to the new tariff and to the political state of the capital:- " The tariff isout, and, indeed, a few copies-were surreptitiously obtained, and sent home by the packet. On the whole, it is a very reasonable one,-by far the best, in my opinion, ever published in this country. Plain cottons are put at 3 cents per square vara,-a rate which will admit the imnortation of bleached, which will become an important article of import; it will scarcely permit unbleached to come in, as ther are now manufactured abundantly here, of very good qualty; and' at a price lower than they can be ad- vantageousyimportedfor atthe aboveduty. If things beome settled, and this taiff remain in force, Ibelieve it will be found advantageous to the~ revenue of the country and to the interests of the boadolders. "Government has sent 3,000 or 4,000 men in the direction of Puebla, but apparently does not rely on their fidelity, and here in the city parapets and trenches are constructettiall-theprincipal streets. It is difficulttosurmise what will be the end. The members of the nevr Con- gress have already held some preliminary sessions; but there appears a general disinclination' to enter upon busi- ness. Some of the members have gone away again, and others feign sickness." The following are from Australian. Ivlining Companies "ouTc AUSMAL&Y COPPER. "The following are extracts from a letter received from Mr. Basset to-day, per Lightning, dated Adelaide, Dec. 19, 1866:- "Since My last I UVe put the engmie to work, and flnd I it ansers admirably, and we are now again sinking in the shaft. At present, having old ground to secure, and some to cut down, the men are on owners' account, but when I returnI shall set them, and will inform you of the price. There is galena coming in at the bottom of the shaft, and appears to be taking the place of the mundic, as I expected, and in two or three fathoms of sinking I hope to ave a fine,lode of that ore. The furnaco is at last finished,and the ironwork put on. The fan is fixng, and I propose to smelt the first charge the day after to.morrovw, on my return to the mine. I find great difficulty in getting any charcoal, btut after harvest, which will terminate about the end of January, I hope all this will be rectified. In fact, the harvest coming on, and the consequent imposibility of getting anything done or of obtaining any labourers, has been one cause why we have not areay had the furnace at work.'p "E,orGLisn A,u AusTRNnAT COPPEr. "The directors have advices fromtheirmanagerclated the 17th of December. Be states that the smelters sent out from England in the Glentanner had arrived, and that he was very much pleased with them generally. Three more furnaces had been lighted and a second refinery. The stock of ore was about 5,000 tons. About 200 tons have been shipped to England. The Lightning brings about 500 tons of ore. Cartage.-This had fallen off considerably, as usual at Christmas. It would increase again in about six weeks' time. -The coal at the works was nearly 1,500 tons. The mules were all in first-rate condition. "PORT Pn IrP AuWD COLONIAL GOLD. "1 The directors have received advices from their resident director, dated Melbourne, December 24. He had determined, after mature consideration, on at once com3mencing operations for quartz-crushing in the Goulburn District, which appears to bo the most -advantageous field for the corpany s operations. The machinery mentioned in his last advices was nearly completed. The prospects of quartz-crushing were as good as ever, and the yields of gold from tnis source had much increased of late. He advises a further slipment of about 5 tons of tin ore in the Blackvall." The following has been issued by the Ecuador Committee:- "Ecuador Committee, 11, Warmford-court, March 17. "Notice is hereby given that an agreement has been nmade between this committee and the Ecuadorian Commission of Agency, No. 11, Austinfriars, whereby the said commisSion undertakes henceforward the functions which devolved upon the Ecuador Committee, by virtue of resolutions passea at the special general meetingof Columbian Bondholders, hold at the London Tavern on the 15th of March, 1852, when the Ecuador Committee was constituted. " By operation of the settlement of the Ecuadorian debt, now in progress, the certificates of sabscription to the Ecuador Committee, at the rate of Is. per 1001. Columbian Bond, have acquired a specific reference to the provisional bonds or land warrants, issued in part payment ot the com. muted debt of Ecuador, in the proportion of 1001. provisional bond or land warrant for 1,2501. in Columbian bonds; so that a sum of 12s. 6d., represented by certificates of the Ecuador Comaittee, appertains to each 1001. provisional bond or land warrant. '"Moreover, a further sum of 7s. 6dc. per 1007. provisional bond or land warrant has been appropriated, and is to be expended by the Ecuadorian Comminssion of Agency in the survey of lands and in the prosecution of other measures analogous to those originally contemplated by the Ecuador Committee. "Consequently, and in pursuance of the agreement above referred to, on and after Friday, the 18th of April next, every provisional bond or land, warrant for 1001., on being presented at the icuadorian Commission of Agency, together with certificates of the Ecuador Committee issued in respect of 1,250. Columbian bonds-e., 12s. 6d. -will be registered and stamped as a privileged bond, in respect of which the sum of if. has been paid up. The said 11. will be credited as a contribution towvards the money capital of any company or companies formed by or under t,he auspices of the Commission of Ecuadorian Agency; and to the bonds so registered and staumped will appertain the privileges and rights of pre emption recited upon-the certificates-of the Ecuador Committee-that is to say, they will be receivable, at the option of holders for tho time being, towards constituting the capital stock of such company or compariies, formed as aforesaid, for the acquisition of lands and other properties, for the working of public tflan and oncessions, for the development of the mineora and other nlatural resources of thel3cuadorian territories, or for other objects of profitable enterprise available to companies prilegedunderdecree of the Ecuadorian Government, dated the 24th of September, 1852. The accounts of this committee (the unexpended balance of which is to.be handed over to the Ecuadorian Commission of Agency) will be open for the inspection of the subscribers at this office every Tuesday and Thursday, from 12 to 2 o'clock, until Tuesday, the 8th of April next, inclusive. "By order of the Ecuador Committee, "J. A. FRAN2LIN, Secretary." The settling-day for Ottoman Bank shares isfied for Friday, the 28th inst. The dividends have been advertised on the Chilian Six and Three per Cent. Loans, together with the particulars of the bonds drmwn and cancelled in conformity with the terms of the sinkmng fund.
STATE OF TRADE. MIANCHESTERI 3AxCe 25. There has been an improvement in the market for cloth;. This day last week sellers were asking the same prices. but without a response on the part of buyers, but the latter appear to have found to-day there was- no- immnediate prospect of obtaining goods at cheaper rates, and they hve operated more freely. In shirtings, madapollams, and jaconets, for India, a good business has been done at very full prices, and the feeling pervading the market has been mnre cheerful thaa for some weeks past. Domestics are duU for the home trade, but there is more doing for export, and a business is beginning to spring up in longeloths for Alexandria, after a flatness which eas extended over some weeks. In yarns there is no improvement of urices. Sellers in' some instances are reported to have realized rather better prices, and in othebs rather lower; hut in general there is no change, There has been a rather better demand, however, including a moderate one for India and the Iediterranean. The Germans, aLso,vwere inquiring more freely. Messrs. John Slagg and Co. report,-" Since the arrival of the India mail on WVednesday last there has been more inquiry for jaconets, shirtings, and some other cloths for that quarter, but owing to the firnness of manufacturers in holding for exreme prices, there has not so far been much increaseof business. For longcloths. too, there is a slight revival of demand for the Alexandria trade, and a fair amount of business has been done at steadv rates. In other kinds there is no particular change to notice; but there is, on the whole, a fIlrmer and more cheerful tone than we have hadfor the lat 10 or 14 da:ys." - LEEDS, cmiH 25. There has been a fair attendance of buyers in the clothhalls this morning, and they purchased a good amount of cloth. The tone of the market was scarcely so buoyant as the markets it the early part of the month, yet it was of a firm and steady character; but, in the continued delays in the proclamnation of peace, all parties axe acting with great caution, as it is uncertain how far the peace negotiated will affect trade by its prospects of permanency or otherwise. Among the. cloths in most demand are unions-i. e., made of wool and, cotton. Superior artides of this class sell readily. Some improvements in their substance and manufacturehavinglately been introduced, a considerable demand has sprung up for them, as they are found to be applicable to purposes for which all-wool fabrics have hitherto been used, and can be had at much less cost than the latter kinds of cloths. The report of the Huddersfield market is to the following effect:-- We had a fair attendance of buyers. In the Cloth-hall business has been rather quiet, but brisker in the manufacturers' wareholises, especialiy in the demaand for new spring patterns in bordered checks, twists, and mixtures. Stocks of choice goods ate low. Slight advances are generally obtained, but not equal to the rise in wooL"
I IAZLWIAY ANfD MINING SHABES. Tuesday Evenig. There was less activity in the railway-market, and quotations showed a slight flatness towards the eonclusion of business. Australian land and banking shares were heavy, the latest operation having been at a decline. Canada Land shares were finally marked 140 to 145. Few transactions took place m mining sectuiities. Bank of Egypt shares left off 4 to l} pm.; Ottoman Bank, 4 to 4pm.; Western of London, 3#k to 2i discount; t~ondon and Paris, 3 to 2 discount; Alliance Bank, 1A to X discount; and National Discount Company, i to-k discount. ORDI:NAY 8SE1U Ah^n RTAflr
THE COR'N TADE. I TVER2PGOrL Trmxny ITAWnI 25. The arrivals from Ireland and coastwiee during the past week hlnv been light. Yvrom foreign ports we haYo received l14,34 quarters oE rheat (of which S,624 quarters are p tian), S,5 quarters or beans, 3i5,50 quaters of rndian corn, 19,iT0 sacks and 7,615 barrels oE flour. The exports in the samo time comprise 393 quarters of wbcat, £92 quarters of oats, 748 quarters of beans, 3.540 quarters of ITdian cort, 2,427 sacs and 958 barels of flour. Tnere has been quite a collaUse in the trade zincoe this day week, and prices of all articles, except perha the fiuet qualities of wheat, must be quoted considerably lower. Indicorn, inhluencedby accounts of tho undindnishee. abundance and cheapness of potatoes in Iland, and the knowledge that large au)plles are at baud, has declined 2s.ode,pSs.er quarter. The weather bee been eXtremely fine and seasonable. At this day's market there was a f^ir attendance of the town and. counry trade howevrer, only a anederate cons nmptlve demand was experienced br wheat andflour, at a decline of 3d. to 4d. per 701h. ort the fonuer, and Is. per barrel and Is, 6d. to 2s. per sack OD the latter article. Oa.ts and oatmneal met with a slow sale, and must be quoted. d. tO ld. per451b. and 6Ed per loadlower. Barley, beans, and pea were neglected. and easier to buy. There ere- few msaples of D1ia corn offering. ad priCes were better aintained than wa expected-. howvever, a decline of 3s.eSL per quarter must be noted, prime mixed andyellowbeing obtainable at POe. to 31s., and white at PIs. to 31s. 6d. per qarater. LEEDe- :l. L H M .I Ineoneuen of the decline & price in Maxk,Iane yeserdy whei meat he quoted 2s per quarer lower than last Tue3dy, but there apperstesnsi<derable acivity in the trade, Thle blt qualitie of bxrlegm~txin,tlaeir valnr, butatLnther sortc are full ls. per quarter cheaper. Oats fully a deer-. Besus rather lower. LeatxvAxa eneCI: ZH Inky wi BRISTOL, 1JASW 25. Sinae *ur last report there has been but little busaueas doing in the corutrAe. We have bad a good . rpply of English wheit offernsg, whics met beta limited demand, at aboutformoriates. Inforeigunot rnuopaassing, and prime nominally the same. Barley,. the beet kind, ind.mauL . ding a dull sale. Oata the turn cheaper. Beans and s)FlfeUalowi.. . loirin limited request at -s to :e. per sack decline. 1lower qualities of Irih. Po l~. in gOa supply, ad no sitetijon in Talue; best York iegenta, ;£s5 to £tIhs.5per ton. ~&t eab.-Eag1ish, w hite. 8;.d. to ga. per busbel: red, To. b to & 6d. .Welas. 7a. Od. to Sa. per fOil'. i De;grnugud Bady.-alteg39etosa.perinpersiquarter; grindingad.dia- OatL-Enghsb.3sh ,4to 26s1 per inperial quarter: Irish. pto,at lO to 27s. per 3 ditto. black, 22r. to 23s per 3Ob.; Welsh, "%0; dtoblack Me. to 23e. Per W04T.; Devon. 2 tO
MUrSIC A ST. PBSBnURG.-The Itali.m Opera. *won at St. Petersburg has just torminated with abrilhnacy with which the general belief in the spproaching oonclusion of peaoe bad no little to do. The Emperor Alerander havnmg finished his term of mourning, there was a grand gala at the Imperial Theatre, and the whole Court attended the performance in state. The opera was IZ Trovafore, in which Madame Bosio, Mademoiselle del Meric, Signors Tamberlik, Debassini, and TgWiafoo sustained the principal chracrters. At the entranc of. the Emnperor Ale ander aU. the audience oa, and the national hymn was executed. The fol. lowing day the italian company performed .igolc:u, before the Emperor and Court, at the winter palae. After the opera, Mad,.meYolnys appeared in the little zencls piece called F6rii en ta daRenre; and the whole ooncludei witht IL. Prrot's new bnU1e: of Gr;ldd, in -whicb 3[aame Fanuy Cerrito and' Mademoiselle Bagdanoff danced. Thirty-two pre8nts, valued at from 2,000E. to S,0OE.eacb, were distributed to the artists, iccordin" to their rankin the theatre, by ordaer of the BElmperor Alexander. AU the singers of the Italian oompainy are pledged for neot season, oxoott Signor Tamberlik, whq is c;4ged lor thy opera a, RWio JaaQiro,
3MWPERIAL TITRKISH SIX per CENT. LOAN.- The Contractors of this I,an. Baron I. L. de Goldsnid and J. Horaley Pamer. give notice that the HALF-YEARLY DiVIDEfDI) on the BOneid forh 3,000,00, negotiated by them, due on the 10th of April next.-will be PALYABLE at the office of their agents, Messrs. Palmer. MksilTop. Dent, and Co.. 11, King's Anna-yrd, Londen, and &ees. Bischoffsheimn. Goldschmidt. and Co., 16. Rue de 1a Chalissee d'AntLn. Paris, on that day, or any subeequent day (except Saturday), Letween the hoursof 11and. 3. The coupons, with aste attached, mu.t ie loft for examination two clear days before %pplying for payment. Printed forms of the lists may be had on application.-London, I(arch 25.1856. OSTO![ ITY STh'RLING F~OUR-AND-A. falling due on the 1st of Aprit next on the Boston City Sterling :Eourand-a-HIalf per Cent. Bonds, negotiated through Baring, Brothers. and Co., will be PA1D on that or any succeeding day (Tuesday and Friday excepted), between the hours of 10 and 2, at their counting-house, 8. Bishopeagte-streot within,- where lists may as usual iso obtained. YANADA BONDS. - GOVERNMIENT of CA HADA. SIX per CEN-T. DEBEhUR issued under the authonty of the Consolidated Municipal Loan ound Acts (IG Vic.. cat, 22. and 18 Vic, cap. 13): interest 6 per cent. per annun. payable fi,-e nJanuary and July, at the o'ilice of theRteceirer-General; aedeemal2e. 1675-The undersigned has in his hands for negotiation a limited amount of the above BONDS, and is prepared to receive applications for the same, at X80 sterling per 1800 currency, at which rate ther will pay rather more than 6 per cent., per annum. The Bonds are inamount of £100 and£100 currencyeacb. L. HOPE, 4, Bishopsgate churchyard, London. NONTREAL SIX per CENT. STERLING DEBENTURES, issued by the Corporation of the City of Montreal under the authoritEy ofann Acitof lthe Provincial Legislature ~lSVc, cg,. 27-Wterwrka han) intrestpayable half-y-early, in XNorember and May. at the banking-house of areesrs. G&yn, lUls, and Cto.. L ombard-street. London: principal redeemable in the year 1878. Applications for the above will be received at the counting-house of thre undersi8ned, in anrounaet of ;£i00 and oupwards, at £92 lOs. per cent., at wrhich rate they will p.ay about 69 per cent, per annum on the anYestment. IL HOPE. 4. Bishopsgate churchyard. London, OYALr I3N'STITUTION of GREAT BRITAIN, JUU Albemare-street.-The WEEKLY EVENING MEETINGS of thbe *Memers of the Royal Ins^itution will be R ESUbIED onx Frdd3y, the 4th of April, at half-past 8 o cloc& The foUowing courses will be del.vered after Easter:-Four Lectures (in continuation), by T. H. Huxley. ;q.E,-F.lhS.. on Physiology and Conmparative Anatomy, on the following Tuesdays-April 1,8. 15. and 22. Seven Lectures, by !11. A. halone. Isq.. 1.C.S., Directorof the Laboratoey in the Londor Inatitetion. on Photograpby, on Tuesdas commencing the 29th of ApriL Eleven lectures, Dy Prof. Tyndall, F.R.S.. on Light, on Thursdays, commencing the 3d of April. Eleven Lectures, by Dr. A W. Hlofmann, F.R.S., on the Noa-3retallic Elements, their Manu. facture and Application, on Saturdays, commencing the 5th of April. The above lectures will begin at 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Terms one guinea for each course, or two guineas for all the courses. JOHN BARLO'W. H' A., V.P.. and See. RL A, RTW'NION of LONDON (by Royal Charter).- Pnzeho.dera select for themselves from the Publc Exhibitions.- :very aube-iber of one guinea will have, besides the chance of a prize, imnpresaion of a p late of H arvest in the Highlands,. engravedby J. T. Wlt umore, A.ltA,, from the important and wol-l-knowvn picture by HiE. L;3andseer, R A,, and Sir Augustuns CaUco:lt, RA.: now doliver- In. Subscription closes (as usual) 31st instant. GEORGEGODWN,1 IHonorary 444.West Strand. LEWIS POCOCl;, }Secretaries. TnHEATRE ROY-ALg, HAYMIARKET.-THIS -EVEING (Wednesday). and during the week, the new comedyof THE EVIL GEh-IUS. And an enti.-cly new baUiet vautomimmo, entitied EL GArBUTSINO. or The Mlexican Goldseeker, wFith newr musia composed by Edwar.diltr-illiarn, and the newf scenery painted by ?dr.W. C3Uecott, in whlich the renowned Spanish Dancer, Sonora Pores Nena with MIanuel Boer,z and a Newr Company froni M[adrid and celona. will appear. With LEND ME FVE SHILLINGS. hfr. CIol ghty (his original character), 3Mr. Bucksto. And JORN JONES. R: OYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE. -THIS JLt EVENING. LOUIS XI. : THE VICTOR VANQUISHED ; and A PRINCE FOR AN HOUR. To-morrov (Taursday) lasttimebut three). HenryVIIL: Tne VictorVanquished; and A Prince for an Hour. Friday, A Vonderful Woman: Faust and Margulerite ; and A Prince for an Hour. Saturday, The Corsican Brothers; The Victor Vanquished; a:d A Prince for an Hour. A DELPHI THEATRE ROYAL.-EasterWeek.- .L Splendid IIo4day Amusement.-Retumn of bMr. Wright, and with Ner Scenes &c.-THIS EVENIN.Marich 2=6.EDOMIESTIC :CONObY: byMr.Wrlght. WIthUJRGET PRIVATE AFFAIRS: bhy Mr. Wright. And the popul3r burlesque and comic Pantomime of JACK AleX THE BEAN,- STALK; or, Harlequin and Mother Goose l HIome Again (with newv scenes. dresses, and decorations), Jack and arlequin, Masdame Celeste; Mlother Goose and Columbine, blis WyndhJm. 13GYAL SOHO THEATREE, Dean-street, Oxford- _tssreet.-Open every Eveninu&-Glorrons success of hfr. Winter, who will repet Shylock, in T1E bERCHANT OF VENICE, THIS EVENIG; with the screaming farce of ilRS. WHITE. in which 'lr. Mowblray and M1is3 IHelen Love will appear. Box, 2s.; pit, ls. Half-price at 9-box. ls.; pit, Sd. A STLEY's EASTER ATTRACTIONS.-Rapturous and incessant Plaudits bestowed last night oaIh trut g hi reprewentation of ASTLEY'S GREAT SPRING MIE1eTIVG AND NATIONAL dTEEPLECHASE, portrayed to the very life by Mr. Wliam Cooke's new and extensive racing stud, mounted by daring zocL-oys, perfectly astounding to the deli"hted beholder. producing the 2aost striking and inimitable effects and transformations-over bill, -dte, ditch, brke, anda the excitement and intense comicality of the aeal old English steeplechase. Shouts of dollghtat the new equestrian act, The Postman a X~uock. Triumphant Fb'ght of the renowned Sliss EmilyCcooke through 1S Balloons. Wsth the Grand Eastemu Spectacle;'Scenes inthe Circle; and other Entertainments-every evening. REAT NATIONAL STANDARD THEATRE.- Prop,rietor Mr. John Douglasa.-Engagemoent of biss Glyn, br. haton. ant MiEs tebecca Isaacs-THIS EVENING, the play of Ii'G JOEhN. Unparaleled in histrionic pageantry. King John, Mr. H. ,mstou (of the Theatreosal, Sadler's-w ells) lthe Lady Constance, AfelwsGly upward; of 20U artisteI orThe employed, issGteeecca Isac will also appear in opera. -~~~~~~~~ DRURY-LAE.-Eb-GLISHI OPERA>. TH{ISE VEfIw G, THy E GL PsSE VESGEANCE. To conclude ,ith MARGUERITE; a LegOed of Love. RTEATRE ROYAL, HEAYARE ET. Under the bManagement of hlr. Buclestone. THVIS EVENING. THE ELVIL GEN.IUS. :ByMiesrs,Bncicstone, Compton; Mtisses Reynolds, Swanberough, &o acerwhirch, 1,e GA.ABUSINtO or. The Mexican Goldseeker. Tobe followed byLEN'D ME FIVE SHLIGS. To conclude with JOFOR JONES. ROYAL PINCS THEATRERAL. Under the Mfanagement of Mlr. Charles X:ean. THIS EVE2NING will be presented LOUIS xr. Louis (Kn of ' Sracel, MRr. C. };ean, After w,hich. THE VICTOR VNQUJISEIED. T:o conclude w ith APRIN;CE FOR AN- HIOUR. ADELPH THEAETRE ROYAL. THIS EVESIRNG will be Presented DOM.ESTIC ECONbOMY: Mr. Wright. Mtfer which, URGENT PRIVATE AFFAIRS. To -con^luda with JACE AND TEEBEAN STALEK; or, Harlequin and Kother Goose it Home Again ROYAL OLY3MPIC THEATRE. Lessee, 31r. Alfred Wigan. THIS EVENING, STAY AT HOMIE-hMr. G. Vining- bSs :Sting. THE DISCREET PRINCESS: or, TheThree Glass DistaffsMesars F. Robson. Emery. Danvers, HL Cooper, White, Clifton; Miseea -Julia St. George, Ternan, larston, MaakeLl, and Stephens, Commence at i put 7. _ THEATRE ROYAL, SADLER'S-WELTS. 'Under the Management of bMr. George A. Webster. TIS EVEING will be presented THE IARBLE HEART; or, kSculptor'sDream. Pbidiaa andRaphael, Mr, Leigh eurray Thea, Miss 3L Oliver: Clementine. Sliss cuthbert: bMarco Miss J. Sarston. ,After which TEHE INVISIBLE PRINCE: or, Island of Tranquil Delights. Wfith a Grand Amazonian BaUet and other Entertainments. STRAND THEATRE. Manager, MIr. T. Payne. THIS EVENING wil oe presented THE LOST DIAMONDS, After which, GOOD QUEEN BESS; or. The Mlerrie Days of Olde Mnglido,e. Characters byM.tesdafesThirlwaU, Somers. Bemnett.Weekee, -and Mr.JameFRogers. To be foUowed byaGrandBaUetDivertiasae ileent. To conclude with IT RUNS IN THE FAMI,LY. -ROYAL SUBREY THEATRE. Lessees, Mtessrs. Shepherd and Creswick. TIS EVElNING wiUl be presented HOW WE LIVE IN THE WORLD OF LONDON. CharactersbyMessrs. Shepherd, C.A. Calvert, J. H.L Rickards. Widdicomb, &o.; Misses bMarriott, E. Sanders, &c. After which. TUFEHAUSEN; or, The Lawyer's Legend. To conclode with COBBLER AND TAILOR. ROYAL MARYLEBOINE THEATRE. Under the Management of Mr. Edward Stirling. THIS EV-NING will be presented LOST £30,CO. Characters.by Aterm Stuart, Stirling, Belford; MlesdamesAuderton, Morell, Mars. .&c. After which other Entertainments. To conclude with FAIRy FERZN FLOWER. ASTLEY'S ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE. * Lessee and Manaser, fr. W. Coole. THs ZVEN'IG will be presented TEE ARAB OF THE DESERT AN]D HIS FAITH STEED. Aterwhich, the Scenes an the Circle. 'To conclnde with GREAT SPRING MEETING; alfioal English Steeplechase. TO CORRESPONDENTS. -Our readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times is reduced to 4d., and that Wid. is the price of a copy -with the impressed stamp afixed. Under the amended regulations of the Poat-office (No. (0) The Times is transmissible bypost to British colonies and foreign countries without an impressed stamp. 2o notlco ca be taken of anonymous communications. Whate,er is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name ard address of the vriter; not necessarily for psblication, hut as a guarantee of his good faith. Wo cannot undertake to return rejected communications J'Thsub'icatlonofT xTrnus commenced at 5 'clockyeeteray moring, ad faished at 20 minutes to 10.
ZLOWDO , WEDNESDAY, MIARCH 26,1856. We have dealt with Mr. AdLRCY's charge against the English Government, and have shown that it reeta on no foundation; that the English Governmnent sent out instructions only "to make gmerally "- h tca in the United States that it vrAsJESTY's ' Government were ready to receive such volun"teers as should present themselves at an apspointed place in one of HEx MAJESTY'S posses"sions."' We have cited Mr. M.xRCY's own admisaion thalt these instructions were in opposition to no law of the United States, though he conceives them to have been in opposition to some vague and unintelligible law of his own conception and his ownv creation. But it Will be said that Mr. MIARCY has a charge, not only against the British Government, but against the officials of the British Government in the 'United States, and that the charge which he brings against them is no vague or undefined one, but a definite charge of having broken a law of the United States. It will be said that in the trial " United States v. EHNRY HERTZ" one individual has been actually found guilty of " having hired " and retained" persons within the jurisdiction of the United-States to go into British possessions to enlist for the Crimea; and that that individual 12 die this in concert with and in consequence of iWmuctions he had received from Mr. ChRAMpIry And he officials of the English Government in th L,i ed States. Now, to this charge it is enough to say, in one word,Ihato if MIr. Cx&3'zro and the English officials have gone beyond and against the instructions they have received from the Goverinment at home they are responsible for such deviation, and must not expect the English Government to identify itself with thein in such acts; though, before we decide against Mr. CiABPToi, let us first know whether he is guilty. The decision of the American Courts against HENRY HsRTz did' not show that Mr. CR3isxoX had acted against the laws of the United States, but that HEXNRY HERTZ had. Mr. CRANrPTow denies the charges brought against him in this trial by STROBEL, and denies that he ever gave instructions to these subordinates to act against the laws of the United States; and, if MIr. BucH"-A. says STROBEL is a man of character, we can say not less, at least, of MIr. CRArPTON. I But what we want to do niow is to call attention to the circumstances under which tlhis charge of a violation of UJnited States' law is brought. And, first, it is quite evident, because hIr. MARCY tells us so with his own mouth, that the United States! Governmenit would have made exactly the same noise about this affair if no charge of a violation of law, whether true or untrue, could have been made. "H Had thelre been no acfts of Con- . "gress on the szidject," says Mr. MARxCY, " foreign "Governuuents are forbidden7 by international law "to do anything which would in any manner put "to hazard our position of neutrality." MNr. cvIARey then clearly and expressly puts the grievance which the United States conceives itself to have suffered in this matter mainly and principally upon a violation of international law, and not of any act of Congress. He would have made the same complaint then that he does now, and, made it just as loudly, if it had not been possible even to make any charge of a violation. of United States' law. And, if he would have done so, he must see that this must make a difference in the way in which we are disposed to receive that latter charge. We are bound to give a grave, a serious, and respectful attention to any charge with which an accuser will identify himself, and which he will honestly declare to contain the real ground of his objection. But if an accuser makes a clharge, and tells us at the same time with his own mouth that it does not contain his real objection, but that he should have objected just as much if no such charge as the particular one could have been made, can he expect us to care so very mLich about this same charge, and to magnify and elevate vwhat he himself has cheapened ? Mr. MA}Rcy, then, having chosen his ground, must keep to it. He has chosen international Law, as distinct from any act of Congress, as his ground of objection in this whole affair, and he has thrown the whole weight of his complaint upon the act of the Englisl.h Government in advertizing its military service in the United States, as being of itself a violation of this law. But this we have shown to be a futile, empty, and untenable ground. But, in the nex-t place, when is this charge of a violation of an act of Congress brought forward? A considerable time after the whole affair, on the part of the English Government, has dropped, and everything connected with the object of gaining volunteers out of the United States has been formally and expressly abandoned. We find that, however constitutional in design, and however guarded by express directions to respect the law of the United States, this attempt to gain volunteers does issue in various difficulties and collisions; that subordinates of the inferior class, whose services are used, cannot be altogether kept within proper limits; and that, whether justly or unjustly, the American Government becomes suspicious, and complains. Then what do we do? We withdraw from and abandon the whole attempt, at the same time ex:pressing our regret that we should have entered upon any undertaking of which such had been the issue. It is some time after this formal termination of the whole business that the American Government 'rings its charge against the British officials of a violadion of United States' law, and demands the recall of Mr. CRAaI'TO2. It is hardly necessary to comment on such a posture of affairs; it is enough to state it. It may suit the purpose of a political party in the United States to *make political capital out of an abasement of the British name, accomplished, as they think, by the dismaissal of a British Ambassador; but common equity, diplomatic courtesy, and simple good manners alile protest against such a proceeding. Such an attempt betrays its motive too transparently for mistake, and should array against such tacticians that sensible and, we hope, large portion of IUnited States' society, who do not wish American diplomacy to be degraded to serve the interests of a party, and who distrust a patriotism which converts the foreign relations of a country into an engine of political promotion at home.
The intelligence which we communicated some days since, to the effect that the PoBT1 had refused to sanction in some particulars the proceedings of the Paris Conferences, is now confirmed. The Council of Constantinople, it is now known, has directed AAI PAsnR not to consent to the insertion of the STANi's late decree among the articles of peace, as such a concession would bind the PoRTE to a certain form of administration in its own independent territories. The Plenipotentiary has been also formally ordered to oppose any arrangement about the Principalities which should be in any way prejudicial to the sovereign rights of the PoRTn in those provinces. Of the former queston we have already spoken. The institutions which are to give the Rayah subjects of the SuTAn new rights and a new career must be the care of the Western Powers for many years to come. It will be some time before England and France will be able to relax their hold upon Turkey. The matters to be determined are important and comuplicated, and even,the most enlightened statesman must confess that he sees but a little way before him, in this medley of hostile races, deeprooted prejudices, decaying yet tenacious creeds, intrigue, misrefresentation, and venality. We may be content, therefore, in some degree to wait, and see how gradual and tentative reforms work in a land where everything has been prescription and immobility for ages. B3ut the question of the Principalities demands a speedy decision. These provinces are the most exposed and coveted part of theTurkish empire. They are even now occupied by foreign armies. They have been for -several generations under the influence, and at last under the recognized protection, of Russia; Within a few years they have been twice invaded by Russian troops, and at the outset of the war were almost fornially confiscated by the CzIn. They are, through a large part of their extent, fertile beyond the average productiveness of Europe ; they command the great river of Europe, and the rectification of frontier proposed by the new treaty will add to their territory the delta and fortresses of the Lower Danube. The race which inhabits them is strangely situated. A part is under Russian sway, in Bessarabia and that part of Moldavia which was appropriated by ALnxDjR in 1812. A part is subject to the dominion of the Austrian EMPERoR. Each of these potentates can place large armies on the frontier of that part of Rounania which is still in a manner independent, and each may be tempted to violate treaties by the natural desire to extend his empire and the equaLly natural fear that his rival may anticipate him. The seizure of the Principalities was the cause of this war, and must be the first step in any new aggression of Russia. It is therefore the duty of the allies to settle the question on a sure basis, and build up a political fabric which will give content to the inhabitants, preserve as far as pomsible the riglits of the PoRTE, and, without giving cause of offence to any powerful neighbouLr, insure peace and tranquillity to Europe. It is singular how differently the question has been regarded by the Western Powers, by the people of the provinces, and by the Tuirks. It is almost needless to say, that the first notion of English statesmen was to give the Roumanians a young hereditary Sovereign, with a constitution of the regulation pattern. This plan seems now definitively abandoned. The Moldo-Wallachians themselves are rather vague in their aspirations. The Boyards, clergy, and people of Moldavia have presented to their Hospedar, Prince GHinA, a protest against the proceedings of the Ambassadors at the PoRTE. They express a wish to see the Principalities united into one nation; declare that DEBvisH PASHA, the Turkish Commissioner, had held out hopes that their wishes would be regarded; and regret that the PORTE, the Ambassadors, and the Paris Plenipotentiaries, should proceed to reduce them to the level of a Turkish Pashalic. They talk of themselves as " Roumains," and of their Hospodar as a Christian Prince, but do not recommend any definite measure. So far, however, as the protest represents the feelings of the people, it seems that a desire exists to enjoy even greater independence of Turkey than before, without subjecting the country to any general protectorate of Europe. The PORLTE holds very diffierent opinions. The manner in which the Council has roused itself of late to assert its independence of foreign control is well described by our correspondent at Constantinople. It seems that the Turkey whose armies were ordered to and fro by the allied Generals, and whose assent to diplomatio arrangements it was hardly thought necessary to ask for, is resolved once more to assert a will of its own. Whether the PORTE will have the courage to persevere we know not, but at present its policy seem;s to be to uphold the independence and integrity for which the allies have declared that they fought. At the preliminary Conferences of Constantinople the question of the Prinicipalities was debated, but nothing was settled. The want of full instructions was pleaded by the Ambassadors of France and Austria, and the matter was referred to the Conferences at Paris. Shortly after the telegraph informed the PonTE that Lord CLRAmuDoN, Count OnLorr, and their associates were debating on the union of the two provinces. This idea had not been brought forward at the Constantinople Conference. The receipt of the news threw the Council into much excitement. Meetings of the high dignitaries of the empire were daily held, and the result was a formal protest by telegraph against the discussion even of the -union of the two Principalities, as an interference with the internal affairs of Turkey, and a violation of the sovereign rights of the PORTE in those provinces. In spite of long interviews between the French and Austrian Ambassadors and the IMinisters at the PORTE, this protest was sent. Such is the actual state of affairs. - Into the advantages of the different plans proposed we shall not enter. Whether the Moldo-Wallachians would be better under one Hospodar than two, or under an hereditary than an elected chief, are questions rhich it would be useless to discuss here. No doubt, an infinity of different constitutions might be constructed for these States; it is also nearly as certain that no constitution will succeed unless it subjects the country to a good and strong, although enlightened and patriotic, Government. The matter must soon be decided, and probably with a little energy difficulties will vanish. But these events are chiefly worthy of note as showing that Turkey is by no means so acquiescent as was supposed. The old Tartar obstinacy yet lives, and the West must prepare itself for resistance and evasion when it asks for the accomplishment of the changes which have been so often promised.
It is the easiest thing in the world to make a prison either an asylum or a dungeon-either a house of refuge or a house of torment. It is the most difficult thing in the world to male it at once an object of fear and a place of hope-to erect upon earth such a house of correction as entered into the imagination of Catholic divines when the.- broached the idea of a purgatory where the sinner may both expiate his crimes and prepare for a higher and better life. Whether we shall ever be able to hit upon a satisfactory scheme of this kind time only can show. At present those who have any decided views with regard to prison discipline seem to be very one-sided, and to look upon our convicts either as a set of scoundrels to whom no mercy is to be shown, or as a set of unfortunates who are to be petted like starings in a cage. Those who look at the question on bothI sides, who have hearts to feel for the criminal while they are strong enough to insist on justice to society, seem to be more or less at a loss how to act. The problem is new to us, as, until very lately, we had all the advantages of a F ,stem of transportation, the convicts after a period of punishment and probation being sent forth to people new regions, and in the solitude, not of cells and courtyards, but of woods and fields, to begin life again and to recover the respect they had lost. And there is not a problem of the day before which the most practical men appear to be so helpless and hopeless. We must make the best of a bad job; we never can make a good job of it. That is a very disheartening thing to say; butwhat else is to be said in so far as ourexperience hasyet gone? The time maycomewhen we shall learn better; but at present we have too good reason to regard a thief, and especially a thief thrown back upon the dissipations, temptations, and difficulties of town, as not very different from the Athiopian who cannot change his skin, and the leopard that cannot change his spots. As our system of prison discipline is anything but perfect, perhaps that of Munich presents some details that are at least worthy of consideration. The Germans are fond of doing things philosophically, of attaching mystical meanings to the commonest physical observances, and, in short, of carrying out their schemes in a transcendental fashion that excites rather the laughter than the admi-iration of Englishmen. At the same time, it is not improbable that in countries where everyday life is governed by one system or other of compulsion, prison discipline may be better underatood than in our owin freeer community; aud there is possibly much wisdom as well as much benevolence in the Bavarian idea of a reformatory prison.. The great prison at Munich, some account of which will be found in another column, is a large manufactory of cloth for the army, and is very nearly self-supporting, every variety of trade being carried on within its walls, to provide the inmates with all. the necessaries and some of the luxuries of life. Labour being essential both for the maintenance'of the prison and the training of the prisoners, the treadmill and all useless occupations are prohibited, because they are equaly a loss to the prison and the prisoner. The prison cannot well afford to indulge in unproductive labour, and the prisoner- who has committed crime through the want of proper self-respect is taught to sink lower in his own esteem by being put to any useless employment. Ee has work given him such as he is fit for, and, while engaged in this work, he is under very little zupervision-under none, indeed, save that of his fellowv-prisoners, who are singled out by turns to act the part of monitors, and to repress improper conversation. In the evening the work of each is measured, and the full measure is obtained 'by a system of rewards and punishments. The great power is beer. There are fines and other penalties, indeed, of some importance. Every Bavarian can read, and one of his heaviest punishments is exclusion from the library. He is also allowed to accumulate money, which he receives on the expiry of hlis confinement, and which he is at liberty to bequeath should he be detained as a plisoner for life; and he suffers loss in these accumulations should he fail in his duty. But it is in that which affects his daily food, his recurring animal wants, that the prison authorities find the most dreaded penalties. Care is taken, first of all, that in no instance shall a prisoner have meagre or stinted food-every necessity shall be supplied. But he is also permitted a small luxury in a little weak beer, and this is increased,- or diminished, or withdrawn, according to is conduct. Those who expect mankind to act, like angels, from purely moral motives will be rather disgusted with such an appeal to purely animal desires; but we should be very thankful if we could really depend upon such a niddle course between the silly inducements of the benevolent reEgious class and the absurd compulsions of the harsher class of prison reformers. Unfortunately, we are not angels, and there are few men who do not understand the misery-a small misery, which they are ashamed to confess to themselves-of going without a usual glass of wine at dinner, or a usual cigar in the evening, or a usual pinch of snuff at any time. It is by- permitting such slight stimulants on a small scale to a class of persons who depend upon them largely-nine-tenths of whom, according to the testimony of more than one learned judge, owe their committals to drunkenness-that the Governor of MIunich prison teaches his convicts continually to feel that they have still something to gain, still something to lose, and that it is better to do their workl well than to leave it undone. Here, probably, the advocates of teetotalism would regard the smallest quantity of the weakest beer given to the prisoners with worse than the horror with which Sabbatarians regard the opening of the Crystal Palace on Sundays. Theresult of the system of total abstinence is, that the released prisoner flies at once to the beershop or the ginshop; the beer and the gin fly to his head; before the day is over he is more intoxicated than ever he was in his life; all the mloney he brought with him out of the gaol is thrown away upon publicans, thieves, and harlots, and he is once more a lost sheep. It must not be forgotten, however, that if there is one thing nmore than another which we have to avoid in the management of our prisons, it is the danger of making them, if not very delightful abodes, at least so attractive that the weak but honest man may deem the laboiur of a prison more tolerable than the mnisery of home and the hardships of the street. It is necessary to make this remark, as, fiom the account of one of the inlmates, the prison at Munich must be a not unpleasant place, in which he would be content to spend his life. It is possible to push a good principle too far; and, save that the prisoners are confined by walls and removed from their friends and relatives, it woluld appear that working in the Bavarian reformatory is not more disagreeable than working in a Lancashire cotton-mill. Even this, however, as at least giving the convict a chance of reform, is preferable to the old system of leaving the prisoner to rot in gaol, or to any systems, new or old, that introduce torture as a means of reclamation. It was not long since we heard of a convict in the junior prison at Parkhurst who died from the effects of poison. He scraped verdigris from a pump, made it into a pill with soap, and swallowed it, in order to bring on a sickness that might excuse him from work. 1is fellow-prisoners were in the habit of doing the same thing-making sores in their legs and eyes, eating ground glass, and bleeding themselves to within an inch of their lives-all to escape work. Surely, if there is any method by which toil may be a little sweetened, and work may become a necessity even more than a punishment-a privilege not less than a duty, it deserves the attention of every philanthropist and every statesman.
COUBT CIRCULAR. WIVNDSOR, &P.cii 25. Major-General the Hon. Sir Edward Cust arrived on a visit yesterday afternoon. In the evening the dinner party included His Majesty the King of the Belgians, her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, Lady Fanny Howard, Baroness de Speth, the Hon. Sir Edward Cust, Colonel the Hon. N. and Lady Mary Hood, Sir James Clark, Sir George Couper, Colonel de Moerkerke, Captain Prisse, and Dr. Rieken. The band of the Grenadier Guards performed during dinner the following compositions:- March-" The Wellington" .. .. lNt Delara Bright. Overture-" Santa Chiara".. H. .I.R. the reigning Duke of Saxe Coburg-Gotha. Dnetto"-I Masnadere . .. Verdi. Selection-" Oberon" .. Weber. Her Majesty's private band afterwards attended in the Castle and played the following selection Overture-" estocq".. .. Aber. Canzone-" Rigoletto" .. Verdi. Pelssier Marche .. Aguilar. AirseBealet"L'EnfantProdigue" Auber. Bolero des Vipres Sicillennes. The Queen and Prince, with the Princess Aice, attended by the Countess of Desart, MIajor-General the Hon. Charles Grey and~ Captain the Hon. D. de Ros, rode on horseback this morming. HIisMajesty the King of the Belgians, attended byColonel de Mioerkerke, left Windsor at 10 o'clock this morning by the Great Western Railway for London, proceeding from the Paddington terminus to Buckingham Palace. The Kin visited his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge at his residence in St. James's Palace, her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester at Glocester-house, and afterwards went toTwickenham topay a visit to the Duke andDachess d'Anmale. His Majesty returned to the Castle this afternoon. Lord Dufferin has succeeded Lord Camoys as Lord in Waiting to Her Majesty. - Viscount Palmerston left town with Viscountess Palmerston yesterday for his seat, Broadlands, Hants. Mr. Secretary Labouchere returmed to town on Monday evening. The Chancellor of the Exchequer left London yesterday for his se at, Harpton- court, Kington, Hereford. Despatches fromthe Governors of Victoria, West Australia, Tasmania, New Zealand, and Malta were received yesterday at the Colomeal-ofice. DeslLatches were sent to the Governor of the Cape of
ATLANrX STEA]SMEG.-LIVERPoOL, Tuesday.-The Cunard Company's new screw steamshis Etna arnived this morning from Havre, after a remnarkably rapid passage of about 43 hos. This is the quickest ipasge on record. She ran from Havre to the Smalls,-a distance of about 335 mile6,-in 24hours, This steamerleft Havre direct forNew York as one of the Cunard line on that route on the 5th of February, and, notwithstanding the fearful weather encountered, she made a most satisfactory run. The Etna left New York on her return dlrect to Havre on the 7th inst., and arrived at the latter port on -Thursday, the 20th, accomplishing the voyago in 12 days some hours. This is the more remarkable, as the Arago, United States' mail paddle steamer, left New York on the 8th, and reached Havre (calling at Southampton) early on Satumday, the 22d. The Cunard Company intend to run vessels regularly on the Havte 'nd New York line, the probability of an early peace favouring the prospect of a suTcient supply of their vessels, paddle and screw, being released from the transport service. SALE OF T FAWSLEY HE1RD.-An event is about to take place which has already excited an amount of attention not often paalleled in the history of sales of stock; we refer to the sale of the justly-celebrated herd of shorthorns, belonging to Sir Charles Knightley, who, it is universally acknowledged, stands second to no nan as a breeder of this celebrated class of stock For a period of between 30 and 40 years this " fine old En lish gentleman," the worthy descendant of a long line of "nature's true - nobility," has devoted both his time and fortune to the improvement of shorthorns, with what results are known to every man who takes the slightest interest in tne subject. The herd consists of about 80 head, which, to use the lanIguage of Mr. Strafford, who will have the honour of preaiding at the sale, "for purity of breeding cannot be excelled." The sale is fixed for the 3d of April, and will prove a rich treat to the lovers of pure blood.-Standawyl.
FRANCE. The Monoite r publishes the following:- |" A solemn Te Deutm of thanksqgivings for the happy delivery of the Empress and tho birth of an Imperial Prince was chanted on Sunday, at 1 o'clock-, in the church of Notre Dame, in presence of the Ministers, Marshals, Presidents and members of the Senste, of the Legislative Body, and of the Council of State, of the courts and tribunals, of the Superior Council of Public Instruction, of the Institute, of the different administrations, and of the superior officers of the National Guard and of the army. " After the Te Deunm and the Domine Salvunz, the Archbishop of Paris, surroumded by all the clergy of the metropolis, gave the Pontifical blessing." The Moniteur of yesterday also published the followingo- " In its number of the 22d of March T1e Tines, on the faith of its Paris correspondent, represents our army in the Crimea as wantLug in everything, in provisions and clothes, and as if abandoned by the Government of the Emperor, who is said to take no more care whatever for those brave troops. Th7e Times goes so far as to say that our soldiers are reduced to.go and pick up the waste biscuit and refuse food thrown away by the English soldiers. " As regards the latter assertion, we may say that if a famine were felt in our camps our allies would most willingly and eagerly share their resources with us, as we ourselves have with them done; and that the generous offer which they recently made to us at Constantinople to place all their medicaments at our disposal is a sufficient proof for us of what they would do in the Crimea if we were really short of provisions. "But T2he Times, we doubt not, will regret not having taken better information when it learns that the French army is so well provisioned as to allow the men fresh bread every day, that it has flour in store for three months to come, and that the greater portion of our troops are served with fresh vegetables, which are sent to them in large quantities from Constantinople. 5- As regards the clothing,it may beaffirmed that never, at any period, was an army so well provided in this respect. Each soldier in the Crimea has received, in addition to his usual kit, a complete winter suit, consisting of a woolen cap lined with felt, a hooded mantle, a pair of Bulgarian gaiters, a woollen or flannel girdle, a pair of woollen stockings, a pair of wooden shoes, and a pair of gloves. I "It is true that, despite all the care bestowed upon our army, it has suffered recently from sickness which seems to spare our alies, more fortunate in this respect than ourselves. But, if it is considered that our troops are encamped around Sebastopol, on the very theatre of the strugglethat is to say, on a ground which, having served as a sepulchre for so many victims, is far from offering those conditions of salubrity which the English army finds at Balaklava-it will be understood that the present inferiority of our sanitary condition may be the consequence of those inevitable circumstances, and that it cannot be attributed to a want of proper care. "L Let us add that this state of things is already much improved, aud that soon, doubtless, we shall have succeeded in getting complete mastery over it; This happy result may be hoped for from the return of the fine weather and from the measures taken to conquer the malady-especially by sending large numbers to Constantinople and the establishment at the latter place of new, spacious, and well-ventilated ambulance huts." *** With reference to this article, we may remark that our correspondent did nfot represent the army of our gallant allies as wcanting in everything, nor did he assert, or even imply, that it was abandoned by the Government of the Env peror. Still less did he represent the Emperor as takling no flore care for those brave troops. The iUonitcur, when it corrects the remarks of our correspondent, should, be careful not to fall into misrepresentations of its own. Our correspondent spoke of "deficiency in food and clothing" on the authority of a private letter-statements which, we may add, seem to be borne out by the information furnished by our correspondent in the Crimea; he added that there were cases in which the French soldiers relieved their wants in the way indicated, and he concluded by saying that it was "inbomprehensible and inexcusable' that such an army "should be deficient in comforts" and " evenin necessaries." We are glad, however, to believe, on the faith of the Aoniteur, thatthe French armyin the Crimea, whose sufferings from sickness excite the deepest sympathy in England, are so well cared for in the matter of food and clothing, and we sincerely hope, with the Afoniteur, that those sufferings will pass away with the return of spring.
ADMINISTBATIVE BEFORM. Last night a public meeting was held at St. Martin's-hall, Long-acre, in order, in the words of the advertisement, to "consider the necessity of a vigorous effort to counteract existing abuses in the administration of the affairs of the country, to expose corpt influences and favouTitism in Government appointments-the consequent inefficiency of the public service and enormous increase of taxation." M1r. Smedley, the High Bailiff of Westminster, presided, but the attendance was very scant. The CELUMA, in opening the proceedings, remarked that he had been invited by a large body of the electors of Westminster to preside at the present meeting, and that he had in consequence great pleasure in doing so. The bilL of fare for the evening was very attractive-he might almost say " spicy," andhe trusted that an indulgenthearing would be extended to every one. Mlr. BET5:, who attended as one of a deputation from the Administrative Reform Association, and as an inhabitant of Westminster, proceeded to answerthe qLestiounvbich he said had often been asked, as to what Administrative Reform was; and to meet the arguments, that it was indefinite in its purpose, too extensive in its object, and brought forward and advocated at the wrong time. He observed that he had never heaTd a proposition for any reform made,but some one said thatit was the " wrong time." To such a charge, therefore, he paid little heed, and he contended that any time was the proper time to reform abuses. The association which he represented was not intended to be permanent in its duration, but would cease to exist when the purpose for which it was established should 'oe accomplished. It was notorious that persons of influence constantly sought for and obtained places for their sons and nephews without the least regard to their fitness for the places to which they -were nominated. The extent to which this system was carried. -was illustrated by the report recently published by the Civil Service Commissioners, who stated that oat of 1,078 candidates for appointments there -were only 676 who were at all capable of performing the duties of the offices to -which they aspired, while 300 were rejected because they could not read, write, or spell, or were deficient in geography, or were otherwise totally incompetent for tha public service. It wvas not in the inferior offices alone that the incompetence -which this report indicated existed, hut it extended to the higher appointments also; and among those selected for honour and prefermnent by the Government had been the late John Sadlei:. One of the objects of the Administrative Reform Association was to destroypolitical influence of this description. After alluding in general terms to the exposures winch have talken place vith reference to Government contracts and to some other of the leading topics usually dwelt upon at thesemectings, nr. Bell expressed his opinion that to carry out the requisite reforms a purification of the House- of Commons was necessary. He believed that the efforts of the association tended directlyto that object - and that was one reason why he gave it his sujpport. Final;y, the speaker urged upon reformers the necessity of merging all rinor differences in their efforts to carry out the great objects of the association, and moved- Cc That appointments to responsible situations under the Government are made in numerous instances under corrupt political influence and favouritism, without referen.c to the fitness or otherwise of the persons appointed; that to this system chiely may be attributed the inefficiency of many departments in the public service, both civi and military, causing, among other evils, an increased expenditure and corresponding pressure of taxation;- and that the efforts of the Administrative Reform Association in exposing these abuses, with a view of providing a remedy, claim the sap. port and assistance of this meeting." Mr. H. G. RoBnnsoN seconded the motion, regarding administrative reform as one of the stepping-stones to Parliamentary reform. Sir J. V. SHELLEY, M:P., saidthat, although anadministrative reformer, he was not a member of the Administrative Reform Association. Still, he had nothing to say against that association, and if they had done nothing more than originate that admirable phrase, " The right man in the rieht place," they had not lived for nothing. It ap- ared to him, however, that they had always omitted mn Tleir addresses the primary and most important reforma which should lb aimed at, and that was Parliameentary reform. (Cheers.) The speakers 'who had preceded him had enilarged upon the necessity of Parliamentary reforma; then 'why, he wished to know, was not that object put most prominently forward? (Hear, hear.) As embodying his views upon this matter, the hon. baronet moved by way of amendment, the following addendum to the resolution - " But that, inasmuch as the Commons House of Parliament does not, except in name, represent the people, no apneal for redress to that Hlouse, as at present constituted, islikely to be attended with a satisfactory result; and that a complete and permanent removal of existing abuses canl onfly be expected as the result of areform of the HIouse of Commons, including the vote by ballot." He believed that thero never was a more fitting opportunity than the present for carying a reform in Parliament. ft was anticipated that peace was shortly to be proclaimed. He trusted that it would be saclt a peace as would be honourable to the country and would tend to the permanent welfare of Europe and to the carrying out of the principles for which we had entered into the war. Lord John Ruseell was at present " out of place," and he believed if pesoo were once proclaimed that the present time, of all timaeg would be the best suited for the attainment of a thorotg ma practcal reform. (Cheers:) Mr. WsIn u ST seconded the amendment. Mfr. BELL expressed his readiness to accept the amend. meet. Mr. FTh'&N (said to be a Chartist) presented himnself to addres the meeting; but the High Bailiff said that the meeting was confined to "electors of Westminster." (Uproarious shouts followed this announcement, and the general feeling appeared to be that the meeting was a public one.) The CHA& "N then said that he should be happyto hear hMr. Finlan; but it must be distinctly understood that he would not put an amendment upon an amendment. 1r. FNLMAN said that he would propose what he had to move as a rider. Several persons ejaculated that there was no amendment before the meeting, inasmuch as Sir John Shelley's amend. ment had been incorporated in the originalresolution. The CHAMxAu declared, however, that he would not put an amendment upon an amendment; and eventually Fir.FEnlan retired. Mr. BPRECKTON supported the resolution in general terms, but being someawhat discursive in his remarks he was not permitted to proceed with them. Mir. FnrmAm then came forward, He said that there had been nothing definite yet proposed, and that what the country wanted was something palpable, something which could be seen, felt, and valued. (Cheers.) The chairman had told them that there was a " spicy" bill of fare before them, but the Administrative Reform Association hadfailed to give to the people that which they really wanted, and 'which they had so often in vain demanded. (Cheers.) The fact was, that the House of Commons was corrupt aund that the electoral body was corrupt; clearly, then, it was the duty of the people of EngLand to remove the whole lot. (Cheers.) It was useless to advise people to "protect" their rights when they had no rights to protect. He proposed the following amendient:- "That, while this meeting aclmowledgr3 and deplores the corrupt and corruptig practices of the Administration, it cannot rightly conclude that that Administration can be reformled to the extent needed until a radical reform takes place in the House of Commons. It is also of opinion that the House of Commons cannot be reformed until such reform takes place i the electoral system as would bs guaranteed by an act giving universal manhood suffrage, the opprtu nity of voting by ballot, the payment of members of larliament, equal electoral districts, annual Parliaments, aud no property qualification; and that no association is worthy of support unless it has such reform for its object." (Loud cheers.) The Administrative Reform Association could scarcely be considered a popular association, when on such an occasion it was only able to muster some 200 or 300 persons; but he did not think that was surprising when they remembered that its objects were altogether insipid. (Laughter and cheering.) The association might please a few disappointed electioneering candidates (laughter), -or it might be supported by people who wished to be lifted into the House of Commonsupon the backsof constituents whon they would betray as soon as they had taken their seats. Why, at a meeting of this very association at Drary-ane Theatre some time ago, Mr. Tite, the member for Bath, avowed his ignorance of politics, and said his studies had been directed to very different objects; but he (Mr. Finlan) supposed that, when Mr. Tite was elected, the association considergd that he was "the right man in the rigshtplace." (Cheers and laughter.) Sir J. Sheley seemed to think that the adoption of the ballot would purify the House of Commons, but it was useless to adopt the ballot without univessal manhood suffrage. (Cheers.) The amendment of Mr. Finlan was seconded by a M. WELLS. The CnAirvS-N said, as a motion had been made, upon vhich an amendment had been proposed by Sir J. Shelley, he could not put the proposition of lMr. Finlan as an amendment. He had, however, no objection to put Mfr. Finlan's amendment as a substantive motion. Mr. FsN-AN called upon the meeting to negative Sir J. Shelley's amendment, because in that event his amendment might be proposed upon the original motion. (Cheers and uproar.) Mr. DA%-Ey asked the deputation to explain what were the precise objects which the Administrative Reform AssocGation wished to accomplish. Mfr. J. BELL replied that the primary object of the Association -was to throw open all situations under the Government to public competition. ("Hear, hear !"and cheers.) Tne supporters of the association wished to abolish the system of dispensing Government patronage in order to maintain corrupt political influence, and their desire was, that every man in the countiy should be enabled, if he chose, to submit to an examination, upon passing which he would be eligible for employment in the public ser ice when a vacancy might occur. Mr. BASms thonght that it would be satisfactory to the meeting if the deputation explained in what manner it was proposed to carry their system out practicaBy. Mr. BELL stated that the first report of the commissioners with regard to the result of the examinations for public employment had already been publihed; but, under the existing system, it was necessary that candidates for examination should be nominated by members of larliament. The association consider that members of Parliament should have nothing to do with such nominations (loud cheers), and a plan had been prepared by the association, providing that any persons might hoplaced upon the list for examiation, but that those only -who passed the examination should be eliglble for Government appointmen Aperson, who declined to give his name, but who described himself as " a tutor, or teacher," and.who was addressed by several of the audience in the body of the hall as "M Mr. Harris," here mounted the platform, and stated that he had examined candidates for appointments in the War Department, and that he was convinced the most " intolerable corruption" with respect to the besto.al of appointments pervaded the public departments. . M1r. STm sny thought the great mistake made by the promoters of the Administrative Reform Association was, that they did not appear to have any definite objects in view. Mr. CAN-Xo believed the main object of the association was to effect a steady and honest reformation w ith regard to appointments to offices under the Goverument, and he considered that if such a result were achieved it would be most gratifying to every true patriot. Several persons afterwards ascended the platform, and successively addressed the meeting on various topics connected with the " People's Charter ," and it was evident from the patient attention accorded to them that the supporters of the " five points" had mustered in considerable force. Mr. J. BELL stated that he must take nupon himself the responsibility of having caUed the meeting, and of having caused any apparent difference of opinion among reformers with regard to the object for wlich it was convened. He had been cautioned against calling a public meeting on the ground that a species of tyranny was exercised by certain gentlemen in W% estminster, who attended every political meeting for the purpose of creating a disturbance. (Groans, cheers, and hisses.) He did not believe that statement, but it would be for the meeting itself to show whether the accusation was true or false. (Cheers. and hisses.) The CH mAI]N, having expressed his desire to act with the utmost impartiality, said that he had regarded the proposition of Sir J. Shelley as an amendment upon the original motion of Mr. Bell; but if it wvas the pleasure of the meeting to regard that proposition as an addition, and not as an amendment, he wascontentso to treat it. (Cheers.) The motion of Mr. Bell and the addition of Sir J. Shelley constituted, therefore, one resolution, uponwhich Mr. Finlan had moved an amendment, which he would first put to the meetinV The «GH Bi&rs.rT having put the amendment of Mr. FinIan declared it to be negatived, and he then took the sense of the meeting upon the original motion (with Sir J. Sheley's addition), which he declared also to be negatived, observing "Neither the original motion nor the amendment is carried." This was received with some laughter, and a vote of thanks having been passed to the High Bailiff the meeting quietly dispersed.
PBINCESS'S THEA TBE. To the two dramatic anecdotes of Charles XIL already familiar to playgoers, a third vas lsst night added, with the title of V7ic Yidor Vanquishecd. The Swedish hero, who is represented by Mr. F. Matthews, is shown shortly after the defeat of Pultawa at the house of his secretary, Baron de Gortz (Mr. Harley), who is weriting the history of his life. Belying his reported antipathy to the fair se,, Charles has fallen in love with lida (Miss C. Leclerq), a Tartar princess, and a niece of the Baron, on the mother's side; and Dla is still more in love with a certain young captain,-invisible to the audience,who has incurred his Monarch's displeasure by his conduct during the unfortunate battle, and is sentenced to be shot whenever he can be caught. Although Charles endeavours to conceal his dignity by the .obriquet of Count D'Olfen, the lovely Tartar has detected the rank of her adorer, and, determined to maL-e the most of her opportunity to obtain the pardon of the condemned captain, cajoles and bullies the Rloyal victim till he hardly knows what to make of it. At last, pretending to dislike those uncouth habiliments which were as a second nature to Charles XIL, she persuades him to put on a costume lik-e that of Louis XIV., and while he is clad in a dress that tot his eyes appears contemptibly effeminate, makes him believe that the council is assembled, and that he is called to attend it immediately. In vain does the perplexed Sovereign declare his true character; the triumphant beauty has got the 'weUl-known military coat and jaclc-boots under lock and key, and wil not allow him to resume them till the pardon of her lover is duly signed. Charles, greatly enraged, is half-inclined to wreak his vengeance on the Baron for abetting his adventurous niece, but at last he settles into a grim good humour, and to the pardon of Tlkids lover adds a promotion to the rank of ColoneL This little piece, trifling as it may appear, is written with much care, and the dialogue between the bluff King and the wily Tartr maiden, which occupies by far the largest portion of the entire work, is vigorously sustained on both ides, the character of each of the adversaries being wel preserved throughout. MIoreover, it is admirably delivered, Mr. F. Matthews, w ho is dressed exactly after the pictures, assuming the rough, laconic manner assigned by traditiort to the "'Lion of the North," and Miss 0. I.eclercq, whose attire is of a smart halE-barbaric kind, makng of herself onLe of thosecompoundsof archnes, determination, andkind]ines that are sure, in the long run, to curb any lion, however terrible. The broader part of the fun 1s occaioned by the terrors of Mr. Harley, who is never more at home than in the semblanoe of one of those bevigged Barons who, 'with their portentous periwigs, dwell on the world's me. mory as living caricatures of rank and fashion in the olden time. In answer to the loud calls for the author that followed the descent of the curtain, Mr. F. Matthews, who cune be. fore the curtain, announced the name of Mr. Charles DaA,c aAjlunuilyersal applause.
SECOND EDI TION. I THE TIMES-OFFITJE, Wedaesday Morning. EXPRESS FROMI PARIS. Ihe following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m.:- Yesterday the Congress held its twelfth meeting at the Ministry of Foreign Afairs. The particular business that was gone through I am unable to say. What was not done, however, may be guessed from the fact that no conclusion has been arrived at yet. meaning, of comrse, by " conclusion" the signing of the Treaty of Peace. I fear we are not yet arrived at that point, though it is hoped we may do so in the course, or rather at the close of, the week. The difficulty still in the way is the one alluded to in Iny letter of Sunday; it turns on the terms upon which Prussia will be admitted to sign the treaty. I do not think there is any other difficulty ,of a serious kind, as the more important points -have been already settled. I have no particular reason for saying so, but I am inclined to think that the chief opposition to admitting Prussia on a footing of equality with the allies comes from England. It is evident that Russia would be much pleased to have Prussia in the Congress on the samej footing as the other Powvers, as she hopes that if it were brought about by her influence she would recover her prestige in Germany, and attach Prussia to her more firmly than ever. Besides, she considers she owes a debt of gratitude to Prussia for fidelity to her throughout. I am aware that here the point is not considered as one of importance--certainly not important enough to retard the great work of peace, or compel us to retain our immense force in the Crimea. The difficulty may be viewed in another light elsewhere, but whatever be the importance it really deserves, it suffices to retard -the solution all so earnestlydesire. The term of the -armstice is rapidly approaching, and something must be mnown in the course of the present week. The Patrie say;-. *It is affirmed that the swb-committee appointed to draw up the text of the treaty of peace has not yet been able, notwithstaiiding all its exertions, to terminate its task. It is probable that the examination and approbation of this important document will necessitate several meetings of the Congress; but the general belief is that it can be signed and maade public before the 31st Mfarch, and that, consequently, the armistice need not be renewed." The Congress held another meeting to-day at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The screw liners Tourville and Duquesne left Brest for Toulon on the 23d inst. The steam corvette Chaptal and the steam aviso Prometh6e sailed from Toulon on the 22d, -with troops, for Ajaccio and Oran. The corvette Eurydice reachedToilon on the 23d, -coming from the Pacific Ocean, and, on the same *day, the steam aviso Bisson returned to Lorient from Guiana. Th'e follwing, private telegraphic despatches have been received:- "BERLIN, MAIncH 24. "An Imperial ukase removes from their functions of Governors of Provinces Generals Kokoschkine and Prince Ouroussouf, and calls them to the Senate. The posts which they filled have been suppressed." " Letters from Poland state that, by order of the Russian -Government, the le-y of recruits in Poland, which was to have taken place on the 17th inst., is postponed." " KlEL, AULRcur 24. "The English frigate Amphion and the corvette Sampson have just quitted this roadstead to join the English squadron in the Baltic. The Cxesar and Majestic, ships of the line, hiave just arrived here to reinforce the English squadron." Count de Sounaz, the special envoy of the King -of Sardinia, had the honour of being received by the Emperor on Sunday, and of presenting to His 3Majesty an autograph letter from King Victor EnmnmanueL conveying congratulations on the birth of the Prince Imperial. A solemn service of thanksgiving was celebrated on Saturday in the Jewish synagogues of Paris for the happy delivery of the Empress and the birth of the Prince Imperial. The service took- place at 9 in the morning, in the Jewish place of worship, rue Notre Dame de Nazareth, and in the afternoon, in the synagogue of the Portugueserite of the second .nrrondissement. The Grand Rabbi Isidor delivered on the occasion an appropriate address, which pro-duced a powerful effect on the congregation. The Moniteur continues to publish the text of addresses of congratulation to the Emperor received from different towns of France, and from the officers and crews of the naval division of the Baltic. The lloiiiteui contains a decree extending the -immes-ty, already granted, to persons who have infringed the laws relative to sporting, to indirect taxes and customs, and to persons guilty of contraventions of the laws relating to the mint stamps on egold and silver. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 72f. 70c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Ralf per Cents. at 94f. 1(c.; and the New ILoan at 73f. 15c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,300f.; Great Northern, 993f. 7Mc.; Strasburg, 987f. 50c.; New Shares, 831f. 25c. ; Paris and Lyons, 1,275f. ; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,560f.; Western of France, 49-f. S0c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 7Z6f.; Great Central of France, 653f. 75c.; Lyons and Geneva, t92f. 50c. ; Bank of Cridit Mobilier, 1,575f.; Austrian Railwavs, 911f. 25c. Cout-s AiedtentiqTe.-PuUs, 3March 25.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 89f. 50c.; ditto not reimburs-able for 10 years, 94f.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (45 per cent. paid), 94,; ditto Certificates (45 per cent. paid), 94f.; Four per Cents., 8Sf.; Tnree per Cents., 72f. 50c. 45c. 40c.; ditto first Loan of 1855 (75 per cent. paid), 72t. 30c.; ditto second Loan of 1835 (45 per cent. paid), 73f. 7Sf. 10c., ditto Certificates (45 per cent.paid), 73f. 73f. 10c.; Bank of France. S,500f.; Credit Foncier, 705f. 707f. 50c. 700f.; ditto Obligations of 60f., Four per Cents., 450f. * ditto Wlhree per Cents., 410f.; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 7f.£ 50c.; Prom. Obli"ations of 1,0OOL. Three per Cents., 930f.£; Credit Mobilier, 1,577f. 50c. 1,575f.; Discoiunt Bank, 6SOf.; 'Piedmontese Five per Cents., 94f. 25c. ; ditto Three per Cents., 60f. 75c. Glf. 60f. 75c. 61f.; Austrian Five per Cents., S3; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 97'- Rente de Xa1ples (R>othschild's), 113; Romans, 91 90& ;' panish Three per Cents., 44.A; ditto Interior Debt, 40 39j8 i4. Eschange on London, at sight, money, 25f. S7Ac.; three mnonths, mnoney, 24f. 92tc. AUSTELL. (EP.OX OUR OWh' CORPSpONDEKT.) VIEN1NA, MtACii 22. I the informationwllich has this morning reached me be correct some sharp skirmishing islikelyto take place 'between the Imperial and Papal authorities as soon as the Episcopal Synod begius its sit- tings. It appears that this Governnent has come to the conclusion, that it would have been better for the State if certain concessions had never been made to the Papal See, but as treaties cannot be as Lnceremoniously set aside as ordinances and edicts, nothing remains to be done but to offer vigorous opposition to Romne whenever she attempts to encroach on th^ temporal (secular) prerogatives of the Sovereign. All men learned in the law agree inthinl;ing that the Pope has a rig,ht to convoke the Synod of Austrian Bishops, and to direct his representative at this Court to preside over it "as long as its attention is exclusively directed to spiritual matters." The Imperial Cabinet is said to view the matter in the very same light, and it will therefore hardly object to Cardinal Viale Yrela's opening theEpiscopal Conferences; but it will pro-bably mo3t positively insist on one or other of the three Aurtrian Cardinals* taking the chair whenever questions which concern the State as well as the Church are under discussion. The news relative to the expected rettun of Count * The AustAan Cirlinals are the Archbhops of Vienwa I Fragwe, aad Agiam. I Buol from Paris at the beginning of April is fully confirmed. For some time past the Vienna hospital, which is one of the largest, if not the largest in the world, has been but badly managed,. as the principal object of the direction was to.introduce the greatest possible economy into the administration. As money was saved, the Imperial authorities were inclinedto fancy that things were in perfect order,but the complaints of the physicians at last became so loud that Government resolved to examine into the matter more closely. When the typhus was so violent a few weeks ago, Imperial commissioners visited the hospital, and their reports could hardly have been favourable, for the direction of the vast establish. ment has passed into other and abler hands. The now director, Dr. Helm, in 1848 temporarily managed the affairs of the hospital to the perfect satisfaction of all parties, except a very small clique which rendered his position so disagreeable that he retired in disgust. The public is so little accus- tomed to see the right man put into the right placeI that the definitive appointment of Dr. lehn has taken every one by surprise. Whenever the Vienna Exchange is closed for 24 hours some unfavourable news is forvarded from Paris, which invariably produces a slight panic. Yesterday being Good Friday no business was done on 'Change, and the French speculators lost no time in forwarding to Vienna the telegraphic information that in future the sale of Austrian C6edit Bank Shares would not be permitted on the Paris Exchange. The Vienna financiers are -well aware that, as only 30 per cent. has been paid on the Cr6dit shares, the prices have never been officially quoted in Paris, but still they took alarm, and the stock in question fell some 7 or 8 per cent. To-day it has risen from 332 to 340, or 4 per cent. The company to whicll the Budweis-Linz-Grunden tramroad belongs has demaiided such an exorbitant sum for it from the grantees of the Vienna-Linz-Salzburg railroad, that the latter will probably resolve to takle another direction rather than pay an enormous price for an article which is of comparatively little value. The foundation of the tramroad is so bad, that the whole line must undergo a thorough repair before the rails can be used for engines drawing heavy trains. Government has always reserved to itself the right to inspect the condition of the various Austrian railroads, and the AMinistry for Public Works has just published a complete set of instructions for those employgs whose duty it is to travel backwards and forvards, and see that everything is kept in proper order. It has long been known to me that there is excellent coal in various parts of this Empire, but some specimens which have to-day been shown me far surpass any that have hitherto been obtained from Austrian mines. Some of the samples came from the country through which theVienna-Salzburg Railroadwill run, and others from thewestern frontier of Trnsylvania. It is generally related here that Russia intends to do away with her prohibitive system ihr commercial matters, and it will be weRl for her revenue if she does so, for there never was a better organized smuggling system than that which has long been established on the Austro-Russian and' Prusso-Ruissian frontiers. It may be observed that, since the introduction of the new tariff into Austria, I smuggling has almost ceased on the Swiss and Saxon frontiers. Formerly almost every Vienna tradesman, who dealt in the so-called "fashionable" articles, sold smuggled goods, but such has long ceased to be the case, as the import duties, except in a few articles, are not unreasonably high. As soon as the news of the birth of the French Prince wvas known here, telegraphic insuctions were sent to Count Buol to offer the congratulations of the Imperial Court. It is believed that when the intelligence of the safe delivery of the Empress Eugenie is officially announced the Emperor Francis Joseph will address an autograph- letter to the Emperor Napoleon, in which his congratulations will be repeated. Since Count Orloff has obtained such a firm footing at Paris, Austria has become more desirous than ever to remain on good terms with France. PRUSSIA. (moM oUn OWN CORRESPONDENT.) BERLA, MAncn 24. Saturrday, the 22d inst., was the birthday of the Prince of Prussia, and was celebrated here in a quiet way in various military circles, the characteristics cf which are patriotic and liberal sentiments, rather than the narrow-minded views of an exclusive caste, just now getting the upper hand in the army. The Prince himself was at the time absent from here at his seat of Government, Coblenz, where his birthday was observed only in the family circle, and quite privately in deference to the solemn character of Easter-eve; but it is intended both here and in Coblenz that the anniversary shall be observed with greater freedom of demonstration on the 29th inst. The warm feelings of attachment and respect shown to the Prince are not a mere personal matter; they at the same time furnish the measure of the feeling of aversion which the bulk of the nation entertain towards the Junker party, between whom and the Prince " there is no love lost," ample evidence of which you vnl1 have received in my letters of late. Princess Louisa of Prussia, his daughter, the betrothed of the Prince Regent of Baden, is about to repair to some German spring, probably Aix-laChapelle, for the summer montlhs; the ceremony of betrothal, whiceh has already taken place once in private at Coblenz, and again in state here in Berlin, will shortly be repeated at Car]sruhe, the capital of the Grand Duchy of Baden; but, according to what I hear, the Princess will be represented there by a proxy. The marriage itself will take place here next September, in the Royal Schloss, and will be conducted with all the splendour and Mckat that the Prussian Court can command. ITALY. (FROM OUR' OWN CO1RsSPONr1 T.) GENOA, Macir 2L Yesterday the second regiment of the AngloItalian Legion, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel de Horsey, left Susa by special train for Genoa, where it arrived, at the San Pier, d'Arena station, about 2.30 p.m., and thence was marched to the point of embarcation, on the New Mole of Genoa Harbour. The weather could hardly have been more unfavourable, a strong breeze from the N.E., known locally under the significant name of a " tramontana," penetrated through every protection in the way of clothing, and occasional showers of rain or sleet contributed to make every one exposed to them as uncomfortable as possible for the time being. The men were however remarkably cheerful under the circumstances, more so in fact than the 1st ]Regiment, for they were singing and laughing as they stood on the mole during the -unavoidable delay of some hours caused by the necessity of only using one large barge to embark them, in consequence of the heavy swell in that part of the harbour, showing the truth of the proverb in this instance, that " ce n'est que le prerier pas Tui cme," for though the first regiment embarked with aU willingness and in most perfect good order, there was no expression of rejoicing visible, whereas the second seemed quite elated at the idea of going abroad to a place where they knew they should find their comrades. Notwithstanding the tedious operation of embarking in a rough sea, the whole of the men were on board; before dark, and to-day the Great Britain sailed about 1. P.m., with a fatir wind, for Malta. The United-States' Mediterranean squadron is now lying at (*enoa, and will remain, unLtil the Igt of April, when it'proceeds in the first plae to Spezzia to take' in stores, and afterwards to rruize in different- directions. At present it is reduced to only three vessels, viz., the Congress, frigate, with the flag of the Commandant, Commodore Breeze, Saranac, steamer, Captain Iong, and Constellation, corvette, Captain Bell. The crews, of these ships have suffered a good deal lately from severe catarrhal attacks, brought on by the above-mentioned tramontana wind, and which have been accompanied in several instances with the unusual feature of deliriuni. The worst, however, is now over, and most of those at present in hospital are convalescent. These ships present a most favourable specinen of the United States Navy, especially the Constellation, which is a corvette of the newest class, carrying 22 guns of 87 lb. on her main deek, and one long gun on her upper deck. The scrupulous cleanliness and discipline observed on board this vessel; have been the admiration of the Genoese, and it is said- that her sailing qualities are fully equal to her appearance iniport. The ex-Queen of the French is now stayin;g at the Hotel Feder, in Genoa. She is accompanied by a suite, consisting in all of between 40 and 50 persons, and came in the other day from Nervi, where she has passed the winter, in order to attend the ceremonies of the Clhurch during Easter, but in consequence of the boisterous state of the weatherl her medical advisers have strictly forbidden her leaving the house. The intelligence which has been transmitted to you by telegraph from Turin of the commune of Parma having been declared in a state of siege is thus accounted for by persons in this city who have relations with that State. After the riot of the 22d of July, 1854, when it will be recollected the military were allowed to commit great excesses with the most perfect impunity, and which arose from the dearness of provisions, and was quite devoid of all political aim, the persons arrested were generally punished with great severity by the sentence of the Military Commission. This uncalled-for severity naturally bred an ill-feeling towards the Government, which had really done much to conciliate the goodwill of the people after the death of the Duke a few months before: but unfortunately the Duchess gave way to foreign counsels on that occasion, and sanctioned harsh sentences against what she was led to believe was incipient revolution. The consequence was that the Government lo6t its nascent popularity, and the friends of those condemned vowed revenge against the members of the comniission who pronounced sentence. Whether this vendetta be a reality or not, it is a curious coincidence that Lanati, who was President of the Commission,was assassinated; Gobbi, who was prosecutor, was attacked and severely wounded; and now Bordi, who was Judge Advocate has been murdered, at 7 o'clock in the evening, when walking along a not unfrequented street, with an orderly following him at a short distance. All these persons had received warning letters of the fate intended for them, as had also Count Magawly, who was assassinated not long since, and it is said others have received similar notices. There is a repolt here to-day thlat the Count Giovannini had also been assassinated, aid that the gates of the city had been closed and arrests made en vwsse in consequence; but this requires confirmation. The only thing that appears certain is, that the town of larma is greatly alarmed at these crimes, and not much less so at the means taken for their prevention or punishment. TURIN, MAcRC 22. There is little to add to the news communicated yesterday respecting the state of Parina. The reported murder of Giovannini is, happily, not confinmed, and there is no reason to believe that the town gates have been closed and all intercourse with' the exterior prohibited; but letters received this day describe the inhabitants as much discontented at the state of siege and the general obstruction to comnmerce thereby imposed- on the whole of the citizens,- because the police cannot discover the offenders in the assassinations of Magawly and Bordi. The presence of General Crenneville of the Austrian Army (Commandant of Piacenza or Bologna) had given rise to a report at Parma that the persons airested would be sent to Mantua for trial, but it is difficult to believe that the Duchess would submit to such a practical confession of her own impotence to grovern. On the whole the impression appears to be that the Duchess in this instance, as in the affair of July, 1854, is not acting from her own convictions so much as on the advice, or perhaps under the pressure, of her poi-disan.tj friends. The Sardinian Government having reason to believe that these murders were perpetrated in conseqrence of some political conspiracy, has strengthened all the posts along the Parmasan frontier, and one or two persons have been arrested in Tturin, I understand, on suspicion of connivance. The vigilance displayed by this Government in strengOt,hening the hands of its neighboulr against the mtachinations of its enemies without interfering in its domestic affairs is no doubt higrhly commendable, though the policy which allows Austria continually to meddle in the interior arrangements of the minor States of Italy, as " the friend of the family," is more than questionable. If it should be found that these Parma murders are really the result of some political plot, it certainly tends to prove to the world that the surest way to repress such horrors in Italy is by supporting the principles of the Piedmontese Government, for A-ustria has always proved herself a bad 'jadviser in these matters, and the example of government in her own provinces is by no means encouraging for others to follow. In fact, it is much to be feared - that if something to this effect be not done at the present Peace Congress we may expect to hear of far worse crimes than these before many months are past. ELE CTRIC TELEGRAPHIC DESPATOHES. (Fmon ouB owr CORRrw:ONDENTs.) SOUTHAMPTON, WREDNRSDAY MouInsG. Arrived-Mfary Ann, from Leith; Petit Lewis, from 1iverpool; Alliance, steamer, from Havre; Le Coq and Georges. steamers, from Cherbourg; Edward, from Newport; Mary A nn, from Shields. SailecL-Sou,lth Western steamer, for Jersey. Wind E. LIVERPOOL, WEDmSDAiy Momwo. Arrived.-Bostonian, from Manilla Crimea, from xew Orleans;* Lampedo, from St. John's, Nsew Brunswick; R edwood, from obile.; Clio, from Lisbon; Shamrock, from New Orleans; awvega, from Charleatown ; By. Clay, from NewYork; Lalla, fro in Mazagan; Marial y anna, from Eavaninah. Off.-Princeza, from Mauritius ; Spartan, from Mobile - India, from Charlestown; America, from New York; Hillmann Schantoff, from Alexandria. Sailed.-Water Lilly, for Gibraltar; Victory, for Bordeaux; Rescue, fer l)ieppe; Industrie, for Ostend. QJEENSTOW-I', ILA.RcH 24. Wind E.S.E. Arrived.-Hercules, from Sierra Leone; Naomi, from Islay; Blanche, from CaUlao; Jane Sawvyer, from Syra; Catherine Pemberton, from NewYork; Radius, fromMalta; Conbress, from Coquimbo; Walter Baines, from Paraiba. HOLYHEAD, MARcHC 25. Wind B. Arrived.'L-Spartan, from Mobile; Albion, from Palermo; Mary and Jane, from MarseiRes. CROOKHAVEN, MARCH 25. The.Canadian, screw steamer, fromNewYork toLiverpool, has put into LongIsland Channel through stress of weather, Allwell. (31Y SUBMAxflR AND BrrlsH TEGRAPH.) GGRAVESENTD, WEDSISDAY, 9.55 A.M. Wind N.E.; tide last hour's ebb; strong, and cloudy. Arrived.-Princess Royal, from Dordt; Lynx, from Guernsey; Kziageroe, from Christiansand;- Concord, from SeviUe ; Reeina, from Tarragona. Sailea.-Junius, for Sydney; Mary Jane, for St. John's, Newfoundland; Agamemnon, for Calcutta. DEAL, WERNESDAY, 9.35 A.M. mWind B. by N., strong. Passed, Mlarch 25.-Fanny, for Salcombe; Fairy, for Lisbon; William, for Constntinoplo; Goldfinder, for Port PhiUip * and Blue Jacket, for Madras-aU from London; Speedy, packet, from North, for Westward; Dane, screw steamer, from London, for ialta; Her Majesty's gunboat Charon, from Sheerness, for Portsmouth. Sailed.-Bradore and Wilhelmina, for London. STOCK EXCHANGE. WzDNESDAY MORNISG, 11 O'CLOOH, Consols for Money ... .. 9 to 920 Consols for Account (ApIl 10) ... 9k tto 92V Oonsols Scrip -.. - . . to a~ PM.
FOREIGN INhTELLTWENCE. FRA-OE. I (FRO-M OT,-A OWIT COPRMsPODENm. ' [A portion cf tbe following appeared i-ours eoond edition of yesterday:-1 PARIS, MOlDAY, MATcIC 24, b' P.m. We read in the Moniteur de la Flotte:- e " A letter, written from the banks of the Dnieper on the 6th inst., contains some account of theproceedings at Nich 0 laieff, which remove all donbts as to the sincerity of th& intentions of the Russian Govermient with regard to that I port. On the 4th a commission, composed of five persons, and one of the highest members of the College of Admiralty,. acting as its presideat, arrived from St. Petersburg atNicho-I laieff. That conunission was instructed to take an inventory of all that the dockyards and arsenal contained, and immediately commenced its operations. It was received by the Ship Captain of the first class Tchigir, former I Secretary of the Board of Admiralty in the Bluck Sea, now dissolved, who was ordered to place himself at its disposal. The Grand Duke Constantine was shortly expected to inspect-the work of the commission. The mat,5ic*, existing in the establishment considered capable fif being turned to account is to be conveyed to the Baltic military ports. All the utensils of the gunpowder manufactory and of the depOt of. artillery were loaded in the waggons of the military train, which were to. form the first convoy, and start in a few days. The naval school for the sons of the nobility, the school of naval engineers, and that of naval artillery, have been already evacuated. The lectures, now necessarily suspended, wiU recommence on the 1st of April at their new establishments. The same measures are applicable to Kherson. This port, which has lost much of its former splendour, still retains a few establishments belonging to the Imperial navy, which are about to be suppressed. The commissioners have been ordered to repair thither and include them in their inventory. The works of defence and arsenals of Oczaloff, Elizabetbgrad, ( Ovidopol, Tiraspol, Wosnesensk, and other militarypoints ong theBlack Sea, .whichformed.part of the system that inspired the erection of Sebastopol and 3Nicholaieff, will be consider4bly reduced for the sake of economy and of their inutility. It is not yet known what is to become of Nicholaieff after its abandonment by the military navy. It was stated, however, that, notwithstanding the expostulations'of Odessa, it would be declared a free port, in order to render it the centre of the-trade of all nations. It is also contemplated to establish there a university for young men belonging tothefamiliesofTauris. TheAcademy of Sciences of St. Petersburg has already recommended the creation at.licholaieff of an astronomical observatory, and of a meteorogical observatory, the country being well adapted to observations of that description." A letter from St. Louis (Senegal), of the 19th February, in the M11oniteur de la Flott,e says:- " The energetic measures of our Governor, approved by the homiie authorities, are hearing good fruit. Tho blacks have decidedly begun to understand that their interest is to join us against their former oppressors, those terrible Moorish assailants, and that they do with great readiness. Our volunteers make superb razzias against the enemy, and carry away their oxen and sheep, so that our allies are in the land of plenty, wvhile the Moors are beginning to be in want. The latter will soon be compelled to al. ndon their trade of thieves, and offer their submissicn The Governor, M1. Faisherbe, left on the 14th, at the head of a smaU army, 2,000 strong. It is surprising to see the willingness of the volunteers to como forward, and under this head must not alone be comprised the blacks of St. Louis, but those of other portions of Lower Senegambia. These poor tribes are beginning to perceive the justice of the war, and events prove to them that we wish to insure to them their families and little property, of which the violence of the Moors too often deprives them. They hasten in consequence to such a protection as wil not fail them. Notwithstanding the war with the Moors, the trade in gum and pistachio nuts has scarcely suffered during the last few years. The general trade (imports and exports) for the year 1854 was 10,000,090f., against 9,400,090f. in 1855." The Eiberno-Roman correspondent whose communications excited some attention in Ireland a few months since has, after a long interval of repose, resumed his pen. His present letter, which he terms "1 Dr. Cullen!s Defence," has all the appearance of a lecture, administered half in sorrow, half in anger. . Claiming, as usual, the right to make a few observations on it, I now give the letter, as follows:- " Will you nowo permit me to express surprise at the light in which you appear to have regarded the reformation desired by Monsignor Baruabo and Dr. Cullen for the Catholic Church in Ireland ? 27ic Times has ever main. tamed- that the - Iri -prelates - and priests should confine themselves ,in political mnatters to the quiet, unpretending exercise. of their rights as citizens, andthat they should devote their time and the influence of their sacred character to the religious and moral education of the people, and their social improvement. What has been the conduct of Dr. Cullen since his translation to Dublin, and what have been the fraits of his labours? I have been assured by a respectable clergyman, an intimate friend of Dr. Cullen, that the suspicion with which the arrival in Dublin of the Archbishop had been at first looked upon by the ' Castle' had been quickly removed. You can know for the asing how high he stands in the estimation of the actual and the late Viceroy. As to the fruits of Dr. Cullen's policy, you have but to recollect the state in which the new Archbishop found Irish politics and that in which they are at present. Where now is that dangerous phalanx of 50 or 60 hot-headed Irish members, who, influenced by Archbishop M`Rale, and guided by fanatics or rebels, menaced public order and flung defiance at the British Parliament? You ought to know enough of Ireland and of Irishmen to suppose that so happy a result as the immediate dissolution of that turbulent band could only have beeneffectedthrough the influence of the ApostolieDelegate, whose energy and vigilance have confined to the obscurity of their bogs and villages the turbulent clergy of the provinces. You may perhaps have heard of others of the Irish clergy, and not the least eminent among them, who in the lifetime of O'Connell were quite as fierce and as fiery. politicians, but who have been converted by Dr. Cullen, and who for some years back have been thoroughly devoted to his system of moderation and reconciliation. " What, after all, cau be the objections to the reforma. tions of Dr. Cullen? It cannot be alleged that the Irish episcopacyis all that could be desired. The Irish bishops are, no doubt, disinterested and venerable men; :but in a country so very uncivilized as Ireland, and where episcopal influence is so great, a high order of refinement, learning, varied acquirements, activity, business habits, and acquaintance with a better class of society are most desirable. Now, what chance was there of advancement for such men under the old r6gime ? The very qualities I mention would excite jealousy and hatred among the rustic clergy, and the bare mention of the names of such men has, it is said, excited cabals and seditious murmurs in certain places. " I take it there can be no reasonable objection to remove? the clergyfrom the political arena, where they have given so much scandaL " Regarding the seminaries, Maynooth is the onlyone that need occupy our attention. The Irish continental Colleges are insignificant, and are quite unconnected with the English Government. All good and saintly prelates have ever insisted on the supremacy of their authority over the seminaries in their dioceses. It is from Dr. Cullen that jurisdiction is derived in Maynooth. Is it, then, surprising that he should have sought for complete control over the priests of that establishment? The. Church is not the State, nor is the State the Church. It is illogical to infer that Monsignor Barnabo and Dr. Cullen are unfriendly to England because they are anxious to remove from the Irish Church certain infiltrations of the English political constitution. A convincing proof of the respect of these prelates for that constitntion and for its greatest and most, formidable palladium, the liberty of the press, is to be found in the toleration in Catholic Dublin of the lNation and the Talet. The opposition to the reforms of Dr. Cullen must proceed from fear of theinfluencetheymay-give'to the propaganda and to that prelate, and of the abuse of such influence. Can it be seriously imagined that the Irish priesthood or. their chief would -be formidable as a political power, if the clergy were confined to their sacristies? Just reflect on the relations of the Irish episcopacy and clergy -with the British Government since Emancipation, and on the quiet and order that prevail, in ordinary circumstances, wherever Governments have to do directly with Rome. Monsignor Barnabo is fully as condescending and moderate as any of his confreres or predecessors. He has no idea of reducing the Irish bishops to the condition of vicars of the propaganda, and I can positively assure you that he and others would be most happy to be spared two-thirds of the commu. nications and consultations forwarded daily to the rectors of St. Agatha. "As to Dr. Cullen, compare the difficulty of managing such men as Dr. M'Hale, Dr. Doyle, and Dr. 3'Ginn with the meek and venerable Archbishop Mfurray and his worthy successor, the Apostolic Delegate. Again, it is inexact to say that it was intended to concentrate all authority in -ihr., hands of the Delegate, for it w as to -the four Archbish. that all these graver questions were to be submitted. 'ps "It is ask-ed are the English, Irish, and Scotch brt .nches of the Catholic Clhurch to be drawn more olosely top ethertho CardinaltsumuoiM;ed to Rome, and Dr. illen - rised to the purple. It wiuld, perhaps, be desirable' ,o give the Cardinal araieatrMwhere he could devoto hi,i useful and va.%d tql.tstiblout iutviuptiOl to thW, literary purr suits for which; he is so admirably qulalified; the promorion of Dr. Cullen to the Sacred College would probably folloyj and the union you refer to would certainly be mnost desirable, if it were quietly effecte; but I have not been able to trace any of these reports farther than to the pious as'pirations of some wann friends of the- good Delegate; though, had they been determined on, the strange tone and X temper of Dte/ Timn would have affected them, as it has otheSand more pressing matters." The qualities of the Irish bishops and those required for Irish sees, and the character of fthe priesthood, are here left to be discussed b7 others. It may, however, be asked, is it po&xible that such good men as the Apostolic Deleg'ate for Ireland and Monsignor Barnabo, the Secretsry of the Propaganda, could condemn, without some covert moti'e, a clergy that has shown so much attachment to the Holy See, notwithstanding the Bull of Pope Adria& and the wholesale disposal of Irish monastic property in Germany centuries ago, and their resistanceto*Moignor Quarantotti, a predecessor of Monsigor Barn-abo? More flattering adjectives might havL- been applled by the friends of the Propagandvtto'the masl bishops and clergy, as the party denominated {he Cullenitesthink thiat there are few Hibernians5 of high or low degree, who will refuse to: take any pill, if sufficiently honeyed over. But the discontent of " the learned, polisheuT, and reverend" Cullenites is intelligible. Some of them made what they could out of O'Connell and his popularity, and they wished, as the Americans say, "to make a good tling"' out of the position his notice and friendship gave them. Now as servile as they were formerly violent and outrageous, these clericopolitical converts inspire but little eonfidence, and few wil mind what they may say or do. They abandoned the views of O'Connell after his death, while " Young Irelandism" was in the ascendant; and Irelandism, young and old, they in turn gave u-for Sadleiism. It is not true thit St. Agatha and the continental Irish Colleges are- so insignificant as described, or that they are less interesting than Maynooth; and the moment may come when itwill be shown that they are not so. It seems that the supreme ecclesiastical power in Ireland was not intended to be concentrated in the hands of the ApostolicDelegate, but dividedlbetween himself and the other three Archbishops. This is a distinction, but hardly with a difference. It is certainthat the Delegate would be, ipsofacto, president of the commission, and that it would be always in his power to have a brother Archbishop as the double of the actual " humble, pious, and learned successor of St. Patrick." It appears that some previous communications from the Hiberno-Roman correspondent, as well as some few commnents of my own, have provoked the displeasure of the friends of Archbishops Cullen and :NRale, and we are set down by each as the enemy and partisan of the other. Vational susceptibility andthe odium thee?ogieurn7w thus ever treat the impartial or indifferent. We share the fate of some neutrals when war is raging among great Powers. If we are fortunate enough to escape the anathemas of the Propaganda, we are menaced with the thunders of St. Jarlath's. It is difficultfor a plain man to please two parties so hostile to each other. It has been affirmed that Malynooth was "caluminiated" in these communications, and an attempt made to injure the character of the learned professors of that establishment. This is not true. What was said was that the MIaynooth report presented by Dr. Cullen to the Propaganda contained matter for which it exacted an apology from one professor, and that in carrying out those commands the Irish bishops had exacted apologies from two other professors who were also supposed to have failed in respect. It was added that the person selected for censure by the Propaganda had, moreover, the disadvantage of being personally obnoxious; but it was not said that any doctrine had been condemned at Rome. There is no change in the commercial situation of Paris. The retail trade is dull, and likely to continue so until peace be proclaimed, and until the Bank reduces its rate of discount, for the difficulty of procuring money still obliges even the most respectable establishments to limit their operations. The manufacturers only received this week a few small orders from abroad. At Rouen, aiulhouse, and Lyons considerable activity prevails andI transactions would be still more extensive if the rise in the price of goods did not deter purchaser- frbom laying in -large stockiVThe corn market was firmer than during the preceding vreek, notwithstanding the annot pcement of the prohibition to export cereals from Naples having been raised. The intelligence 'at first produced a dowinward movement. The best sorts of flour, for instance, which sold twso days before at 93f. per sack of 159 kilo,grammes, suddenly fell to S9f., and sales 'were even difficult at that price. But, when the terms of the decree became known, the decline was instantly checked, and rates recovered. The aceounts of the growing crops from all parts of the country are of the most satisfactory nature. The weather has been of late extremely favourable, and if it continues vegetation is likely to have an advance of six weeks over last year. There is no variation in the cattle or wine trade.
THlE PENINSUIAR M3ATS. SOUTIAMPTON, TUSDAY, YcH 25. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Tagus, Captain J. Weeks, vdth the Peninsular mails in charge of Lieutenant Inglis, R.Ni, Admiralty agent, we have dates from Gibraltar, March 15; Cadiz, 16; Lisbon, 19; Oporto, 20; Yigo, 21. TheTagus brings 21 first-classpassengers, among whom is his Excellency Senhor Dom Antonio de Cintra Santo Maria, Portuguese Ambassador to the Court of His !Iajesty the King of Sweden; seven second-class, and 16 deck passengers. On freight there are five packages of specie, valued at 175351., and a cargo consisting of 346 chests of oranges, 20 boxes of dates, 25 boxes of eggs, 98 boxes of chestnuts, 9 casks of wine, and 25 packages of general merchandise. On the 20th inst., off Viana, the Tagus passed and exchanged colours -with the Peninsular and Oriental Company's screw steamer Sultan, with the outward Peninsular mails, steering soutlhward and westward. During the voyage the Tazus experienced fine weather. The Tagus brings Lisbon letters and papers of the 19th inst. Her Majesty's steamship Blenheim was the only foreign vessel of war in that port. The Lisbon exchanges for three morihs this. packet are quoted :-London, 54 ; Paris, 519; Amsterdam, 431 43}; Hamburg, 49k; and Genoa, 517. On London bills were less abundant, with money over at 54t, in consequence of the Board of -Public Credit having taken at that rate on dividend account.. On the continent rates were nominal, with a little done on Paris and Hamburg. Three per Cent. Stock,ex. dividend, quoted:-Coupons,41, to 42; Registered, 42to42i; Bank of Portugal shares, 500 to 505 milreis; Bank of Oporto sbares, 16 to 17i per cent. premium. Our Lisbon correspondent writes on the 19th inst.:- " We have had a return of heavy rains during the last few days, which have again inundated the low grounds on the banks of the Tagas and done much injury toagricultural labours in the valley of Santarem, The orange groves have also suffered much, and all packing for exportation is again suspended. The agricultural interests opposed to the new corn bill have retired from the public discussion of their objections, in order to concoct more- 4nietly their petitions to the Cortes against the measure, which does not say much for the justice of their cause. "In the Cortes nothing has taken placeof importanceutil yesterday afternoon, when the Finance Committeers report was laid before the Deputies, in favour of the arrangement made in London between M. Fontes anD Mr. Thornton for the quotation of Portuguese fondsa upon the Stock-Exchan,e and the contract for a new loan destined for the constuchon of railways and-other pubic Fworks. Out of the 11 members of the Finance Commiee, three only appear to be opposed to some points in regasd -to- the bend question - they are-hIML PassoB Maee]4 Avila, and Xavier da Silva, who are stated to nA.ocate a maore favourable arangement for the foreign bondh6lders if divested of clauses whiclT they fear may lead to future disputes and interference wi th public works in. PortigaL As respects the proposed new loan, the minarity of -the Fimanee ommittee requires to be informed of iba terrns.-pon which Spain wil agree to a railwa.y junctioa on. 'he frontier, and the assurance of its cc',ntinuatio toi Bra<e, before allowig it to be carried on 'to Flvas i> pseferenee to the construction of purely interrnal railwFys. Notwithstanding this opposition thoe Mi'aterislists am in a majority, and fullly expect to carry Xi Fontes through vvith his different measures." Y=3 &LT MAN/oHsTER.-The cotton-mill of M1r. Tb relfall, spinner and manufacturer, Regent-road, SalVird, wa discovered to be on fire on Monday night, and the 'flames raged with such fury that the building was totally destroyed. In addition to the Salford Fire Brigade, Mr. Rose, of Manchester, attended -with a large force of firemen and engines, and saved an adjoining brewery and some cottagses which were in imminent danger. The lo0 by the do., I struction of the mill is estimated at 14,0001., covered by a. surances in theo Sun, West of }England, aud lRoyal Eich~g fireoffices. About 250 workmen will be thrown oU~ of employment by this unfortunate oocurrence. TheorfZi, of th fireisnot known. Some mechanics had beea)*aki:ag repair3 up to S.0 p.m. on Monday evening, and it is probablrthatas arkmay have falUen from a lght-usodby some one in the mill, but nothing is kagwnwft1l cwi-sInty.
TO TH13 EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I should rnt again have. intrit3ed upon your1 valuable space, or t-oubled myzelf witle any further notice of " Taxpayest," if he Iiad not avi2nded in his letter of this day to his " futr.te- communications with you," from 'wtiich I gahle tihat we are to be -treated to more' of his effusions, Now, considering the probAbility of these- "I fature communications" entailing disparizement' of the characters and professionsi reputaticn, of other officers to suit the object of hk§letters, ttilk it rit by avery simple rasnme oilr his three letUers on the, subject of my brother's arpointment, to' put thie public on their guard againstthe mis-satements of this anonymous writer. In the first place, he stated,.apon -the autliority'of affsas Army List, that CaptaiiasAnson obtainie&lhiacompany winf1out purchase, whqeas- the cmtMa-is stated by that very authority. " Taxpayer," when; proved to b'e in this error, says it-was an " utt'erl1y unimpoitant" one. Is it probabh-sthnat he thought it sa when he made his assertion ? Secondly, he led his readers to* believe that: Captain Anson left the Crimea, at a; time -when hewas on service with his regiment beforethe enemyj. in order to accept an appointment in! India, andt thereby escape the further dangers of active'service, the fa,.t being that Captain Anson after serving six months in the C'rimea, had 'been ordered to England some months when he.received: his imcle"s ofler. When " Taxpayer" is controvertedi upon this point he acknovwledges his error; but repeats his malignant imputation; the material difference befrween leaving a regiment in the face of -'the eremy and leaving England for India at a& timewhen the prospe¢ts of peace were (to say the least). very favourable (for it was the beginning ofrJanuary, 1856, -when he accepted the offer) must bepalpable to every one of common candour. Thirdly, he endeavoured to prove that Captainm Anson w-as not present at the assault on the Redan on the 18th of June, 1855 (ride his letter of' Friday), and what were the facts in this case - Captain Anson A a not only present, but actively engaged on the occasion of that assault, and: under circumstances which have been mentionei to his credit on more than one occasion. Now, when " Taxpayer" is proved to bewrong on this point, he says that he madethe statement onl mly authority ; it appear. that: he is not more honest in quoting from let-- ters than from books, for the words I madeuse of were-" on getting his promotion in June,. 1855, he was changed into another battalion, and, received orders to return to England ;" which words can neither be said 'to imply that these orders werereceived before quite the end of June, or that my brother received orders to leave the Crimea so early as that month. Fourthly, " Taxpayer" complained of the expensethe country will have to bear for the passage of Cap- tamn Anson to India and for the return of the officerhe has exchanged wvith to England. Finding himself' vrong again upon this point, he passes it in silence, affecting, probably, to consider it (as in the case of the purchase of Captain Anson's company) utterly .fterall these malicious mis-statements andattacks on my brother, I have but little to thank " Taxpayer" for in the praise he besto-wz npon hium inhis letterof to-day; nor can Ihave anyfaithin the good motives he pretends to for unfairly assailing the reputation of an officer. If hismotiveswvere good, ahigher' and better feeEng would pervade his writing, and hewould not endeavour to depreciate the dangers and hardships of six months' service in the trenchea. before Sebastopol during the most trying time -of the war by using the expression, " who had b'at seen six months' foreign service." I hope that I have succeeded in proving that-on all the points upon which " Tax-payer" censured my brother's appointment he was not only wrong, but-that ho had wilfully avoided- informing himnself before making those assumptions. Finding himself forced to abandon all the grounds he had originally taken up, he shelters himself in his letter of this day under general terms of censure upon all appointments of relatives to the office of A.DX.. Even upon this ground I think I shall be able- to. follow him, and to showvthat it is hispeculiar objectto misrepresent the nature of 27erSo,?At Staff appointments. No one can more readily admit than I dG the responsibility attached to the general Staff of the army, or can be more sensible than I am to theF necessity of selecting for it officers of energy, experience, and ability; but it is unecessar.y to infornm the majority of yourreaders that appointmentsupon t,he personal Staff of a General are of a different character from those upon the Staff of the army. Tosurvey the road and country for the march of- a division is surely a different thing from merely conveying the General's order for that division4to march. In conclusion, I trust that I have proved to. thesatisfaction of impartial persons, that an appointmnent liable to no rca-sontable objection whatever has, by a perversion of facts, been distorted into a. shameful job, and that General Anson in selecting- an officer to serve him upon his personal Staff hasacted with fairness and propriety in choosing one-who is (notwithstanding he happens to be the Generrs nephew), from his activity, zeal, and creditable conduct before the enemy, well fitted to fulfil with efficiency the duties required of the A.DXC. of a General officer. I must apologize for having intruded- at such length upon your space, but I feel sure yoru must allow that I have a stronger claim upon your induigence than is to be found in the reasons assigned by " Taxpayer" for his rambling communication of ths morning, and at the same time I can asstur you that I am not likely to trouble you agini feeling convinced that any further comment upon thia subject must be superfluous. I am, Sir, your obedient servauti LICHEIELD. Brocket, Herts, Harch 24.
THE LATE MII. JOsEPH N D.-A! -ascanCy i3 occasioned in the representation of C(nippernham by the decease of MTr. Joseph Neeld, of Grittletn-houase, Wilts, who has sat as member for that borough in the Tory interest for upwards of 25 years. The heoeased gentleman, who was a magistrate and deputy-lieutenant for thae county of Wilts, high stevard of Malmesbury, and ona of tlhe Gen- - tlemen of Her Majesty's Privy Chamber, was-the eldest son of the late Mr. Joseph Neeld, of G!geestec-lace, and inherited a very large fortune. His3 conne:uon witli the, wealthly finn of MWessrs. Rundeli and Etidge is-weU jkns>wn. He was also an exstensive proprietor.-of 'Bas and Rast India Stock, fDering his long Parliaxnentaryo caroer Mr. Josepl Neeld was a stanch adlterent to.the Protastant, sad. r tectionist cause, and voted for -griotirtaxl.protection wheu Sir Robert Peel abandoned the. cause ii. 184G, IE. John Neeld, who has represented Cricldade for. 2D. years, is a brother of the deceased gentleman, anrCaptainBoldero, his colleague in the represer.tationof- Ohippeiaham, rnried hi sLster. PROPOSE:D JOIN RZ,T,TAT M 'OjR SURO}P<Sux AID HEREFOBDS R E-A4propeal has.been made byths magistrates of Salop to. join. thosa of- Herefordshira in thw establishment of a refr-&p.tory for juvenilo offenders. At the Easter Sessions, 1 gdt at Hedfprd. Lord.Bat== (LordLiieutenant of that caimj3ty) cemmunicated. the proposal ta the maagistracy. Hc ,sid the Selopiall suagistrates opo6ed to establish a refo=sutory ia coujunction. wvitbl Hereford ibire. He had xaceived several, letters on the suhjYet. which informed im that, when the magistrates oftlhc county. of Salon met for: te, trassaction. of theix business, they agreed to foem a,cp6u.ttee to coasider- the prcwiety of establishing a r,e=xt-ry institutiom t tiieix next session; they thought 54:uoube be a very ieftadvantaz3if othert counties -wou'di ijiu. with thew, -aud that, perhaps, the magistrates mfj 1easxrdshire would be dispoaed to enter into some nrngmx_aent, for w.hish. plirpoe tlhey invited communica_iorne cs the subject,. 4 itbot e mxuessimg an in. dividual oR~igni2si to th e gud: or evil which saight result fromsecnch stnixtion,he rLjidBatema}thoughtthatwhen; the soagisixates ef n neighbouning conaty made a form31 offer li'k'-etbiis.i was but com,inn coutesy to take the maa, ter inte,qonsiieteation. HE. believed thers was some intention CtAthi tst of one oftbe aagistrates to call attention_ to tlsoblck t at the et sessions, and it would, therefore, be ze er eout of pace for him to anticipate the discussors wJ4,iaus3,ght then take place; but it would be necessary for. t4WCosst to atzhoie him to return an answer to the SkropSbiomagiStr:ataS. A shlort discussion ensued, wcol eudwd inrL ord Batem3an being requested, on the p,art tuthe. flerefordahire be:nch, to thank the Salopian 2nagstres fox their offer, and to state .that the Court was not at p;esenit - eprseear.to entertain it. B]GOOD EAXS.-Eer Mnjedty, it is sad, has been pleased to sanction the Scots FWieer Guarsrds having a corpos of pipers, to consist of one lper-anaj¢.ard six pipers to eac h battalion. Their dress lli1be&smis t<~ that of the 42d 13i"hlanders, but it wil be sonm littlcine y.et beforc they wii i appear in the fren Cf ts! TeinP.fiu.. Bs it ~equirvo tiee to organire thnX11;
THE CAPITULATIONY OF KARS. (Concluded from Thie Times of March 25.) The fall of Sebastopol had entirely removed the objection to the transfer of Omar Pasha's army to Asia, and the anxiety of the. Pasha now was only about provisioning them and supplying them -with the means of transport when they werelanded. It is now obviously a question of time. On August 10 General Williams writes from Kars:- "That Mouravieff before his late advance towards Erzeroum had been reinforced by a regiment of infantry from eorgia, making up a total of 33 battalions of infantry. The force he left to observe us consisted of 18 battalions of infantry, 3 regiments of cavalry, and 54 guns. As neither our numbers (which I abstain from stating) nor our organi2ation could hold out a chance of success in aiy attack upon such an army as now observes us, I have advised the Mfushir still further to stitngthen his entrenchments, and this counsel Lis ceellency has steadily carried out, through the zealous superintendence of Colonel lake. "During the absence of the Russian Commander-in-Chief the General in command of the corps of observationhaskept our garrison on the alert; more esyecially his cavary, which, from its superior numbers and discipaine, is master of the neighbourhood. But on the 8th inst., the enemy, loirng sight of his usual precautions, advanced with large masses of infantry, cavalry, and artillery, to within gun-shot of the Eanly Tabia, on the south-east angle of our entrenched .camp, when a well-directed fire from the guns of tbat redoubt obliged him to retire with the loss of several cfficers and m,any men. "With'regard to the movements of General Mouravieff I learn through a verbal message from Veli Pasha, sent by an orderly dragoon from the close vicinity of the Develoyonou, that he had es ecuted his instructions by falling lack from Kupri-Keuy on that pass, ,which I had selected, and in part fortified, before I left Erzeroum; but I am still ignorant of what has subsequently taken place between the two armies in that neighbourhood, although a week has elapsed since the arrival of the orderly dragoon above alluded to. If, howiever, we can believe a man who has just reached Kars from the Soghanli-Dagh, and who assures me that General iMouravieff's corps d'armee was camped laIt night on this side of that mountain pass, and consequently in the Plain of Kars. I must draw the gratifying conclusion that he has found Yeli Pasha's position, joined to the fortifi-cations of Erzeroom, too strong to molest without losses -which he was not prepared to raI c. "Be this as it may, I trust the alies will,jby a prompt diversion in Georgia, oblige General Mouravieff to retire; otherwise nothing can save IKrs fromnfalling into his hands. We are now on two-thirds of our ration of bread, and the cattle seized from the villages will not supply animal food for -mything like the period named in my last despatch. The homres of the cavalry and artillery begin to feel the -want of baley, and will soon be unfit for service. On the 21st battering gUns are seen coming into the enemy's camp, Mouraviefi havingperhaps learnt that Sebastopol cannot hold out much longer. But -the British CommIissioner is hemm ed in, and looks for relief only from the diversion by Omar Pasha. "Since I had the honour to address your Lordship on the 15th inst., the enemy's infantry and artillery haveremained -in the camp they then occupied. The cavalry, supported by Horse Artillery and rockets, however, has taken a strong hill position to the north-west, about an hour's march from outr lines, and, assisted by his numerous Irregular Horse, -Cuts off alIcominunications withIErzeroum, rid Olti, with Ardahan, or indeed any other place whence we could draw supplies of any kind. * A convoy of 3,000 arabas, or country carts, snd 2,000 cameLs is now in sight coming from Gumni. Battering guns, drawn by bullocks, accompany this convoy. I have, therefore, requested Colonel L ake to convert the barbette batry of Kanli Tabia into one with embrasures, and to take such measures for strengthening the armament of this and other works as the occasion requires. "The weather is oppressively hot, yet the troops are in excellent health; the hospital list amounting to 289. "kShould. Her Majesty's Government and its allies deterne on making Trebizond the base of futuro operations against Georgia, I still trust that an immediate and powerful demonstration will be made by a Turkish army from Redout Kaleh; and for the present defence of Erzeroum, I would beg strongly to urge the landing of a division of -Generatl lvsan force at Trebizond, and a rapid advance upon Erzeroum, so as to ensure the retention of that im. porbatfortifled post in the hands of the allies, even if this -dion of the Contingentfounditself unable to succour us. "On the lst of September mutiny and desertion have had to be repressed by strong measures. The vigilance of the enemy is extreme. He has been reinforced by 2,000 cavalry, and presses, if possible, still more closely on our pickets and advanced posts, where a daily struggle takes place for fcrage which has, for several days failed to suply our wants; a large portion, therefore, of our attenu- cavalry horses has ibeen sent from the camp in order -to [seek subsistence beyond the mountains and out of the reach of the enemy's cavalr, which cannot be estimated at "ess than 10,000. General Mouravieff, with his infantry and artilery, occupies the same positions which he held when I last rote. "It is with the utmost difficulty that either horse or foot messengers escape the vigilance of the enemy, and I abstain from dentering into detailswhich might fall into their hands. The garrison preserves its health, notwithstanding the great * difference of temperature between day and night; its spirit, I am happy to add, is excellent." - But There is still much to be hoped from Oimar"We have just heard that one of the detachments of infantry and cavalry (under Coblian Ali Bay) which so harass us, has marched towards Ahkiska, which place is menaced by an incursion of Irregulars, by order of fusfa Pasha of Batoeun This wiU convince your Lordship that a serious demonstration from Redout Kaleh would cause the imme. diate departure of at least a large corps of General Mouravieft's army,-whose camps remain where they were when I last had the honour to address your lordship." - Consul Brant, too, at Erzeroum, thinks that- " If Omar Pa-ha.be quick in his movements, he may yet be in time, but delay is fraught with imminent dan,er ; and I sbal be very anxious untilI hear of the lauding of an adequate force at Redout Kaleh, as Kars by that event alone might, I hou, be saved." . Although We, a week later, somewhat changes his opimon on this subject, telling Lord Clarendon on the 11th of September:- " I Would not wish to throw discouragement on the result of the expedition under Omar Pasha, but I cannot divest my mind of great anxiety as to its result from the effects of the climate and the nature of the country it will have to tra-versein its advance on Tils-a country of swamps, woods, and ivers, and of small resources for provisioning anarmy; posessed by an active enemy like the Russians, I conceive the only chace of success against Tifis (the safety of the army depends on its success) consist in a rapid march through the.country. If the proceedings of OmarPasha be dilatory he-will lose half hismen by sicknessand privations, and will effect nothing. " In my opinion, a much safer plan would have been to send even a smaller force by this route. The expedition has been too long delayed, and by this delay its success h- been imperilled. I hope most sincerely that my prevon may provo incorrect. Everything depends on the activity and& energy of Omar Pasha, and the support he ay receive!from his own Government. -If the-latter be not greater than my experience leads me to anticipate I can fed no confidence in a favourable result, and I cannot help thieking that 1Q0,00. Iuropean troops, with-3,000 or 4,000 cavary, sentto Ears a month ago by this route, would have effted mort than the present expedition, even if it prove Xs large and-as complete as it is reported to be." Te modification of Mr. Bran's vYiews seems due to-the revect he entertains for those of one " Salh Bey a 3iralai of CavaLry, who has just arrived fro- Ka-s. He is going on to Constantinople to represent, on thepart of the Mushir, the dangerous predicament in --hich the garrison stands, unless immediate and direct -succours be sent for its relief. He says that Omar Pasha's army will require a month or more before it- can move from the coast, and General Mouravieff may not find it necessary - to retire from before Kara for some weeks, and then possibly he will take only his best troops, leaving a sufficient force to maintain the blockade. Nowr, although this force may be s, and the troops not very choice, it will answer the pzpose, for the Turkish garrison cannot movo a step beyond the intrenchments, because it has no cavalry, sad may be aid to be without artillery, the horses lie a reduced in conditionjtat theT cannot drag the gu,. Thus, while the is any farce before Kars, supplied r da-a"ycr, the; namwe-ntu re-to-se _ e vock oLpr sion&s is so sall-that-it WIw-1siviat:the period aZrive. whn the snow wfil .obbige the esny to retire to their winter-Suarters; so that if succour lbe not sent up to X:ara by Trebionde without a .monrents d4ay the &arrison may be forced to abandon the plac wih the guns and ammunition, and to seek its safety i2n retreat at zny risk. - " This is exactly what Salek Bey stated, and which a letter I sw from Baron Schwaenbrg confirms. "It nay happen that General Mouravieff may think it iazwsoas tar eave a small force before the place, not knowing exctly theresorces of the gaison; or he may think it niecery to concentrate all his forces to meet the advance .#^w Pasls; still it would be m1ost imprudent to risk t-eI e of Kars on a matter of oPainion as to what 1 Moouravieff'may decide on doing.wh - ussin army keeps its position, using every ,etdeavour -to starve the garrison. On the 10th of September' I " Their owalry are employed in setting fire to the dry gros ont whIch we endeavour to feed our horses, and for -wich daily kirmishes take place (up to within the range of our long gwi.4 The weathler has become cold, and snow fell on the surrounding hills on the night of the 8th, but, after the equizioctial galsei, we may haYe two months sufficiently modex0to admit of military operationu I therefore continue the wor ofSdding to our efences. ' 1roude oupe have bee nii&4 ronnd our intrenchmentgon the heights, which eu*v4'o than a mile from VYel Pasha- Tabia to the J; s ' in the meantime the interior line of the jovimD ie be"n neglected. o of the military executions I informed your i-hiap of -in my lst despatch, de6ertion to a serious e.x'Wn4ocrred last,night; rtherefore advised the Mushir to disljen the&regiment of Redif, from which all these desertions hate taken plzoe, to put the officers -on half-pay, and to distribute the men among the companies of the other corp. The sentenc was executed ths morning, to the astonishment of the officers and soldiers of this unworthy rvinent; and I trpst we have now struck at the root of tha evl, for the general disposition of the ganrison is admire." But now treachery, in high as well as low quarUeve, begin8 to be added to the evils against which fhe Britih Conmiasioner had to contend. On the 14th he writes " F rom my more recent despatches your Lordship will have perceived that desertion is the great evil against which We have So ootead, In spite of the example exhibited to the troops in the disbanding of the regiment of Eedif, as detailed in my despatch of the 10th inst., we had no less than six desertions yesterday; fortunately, we recaptured two of them; they proved to be men of the corps in question. They were tried by a council of war, and instantly shot. On their trial they denounced the parties (inhabitants E of Kars) who had instigated them to this act of treason, and furnished them with peasants' clothes to enable them to effect their purpose. Three of these men were seized in a house where the musket of one of the prisoners who suffered yesterday was found, together with the clothes and appoint.mentsof sevens more deserters. There can be little doubt that these wretches are in communication with the enemy, as uroclamations were found on the last-captured spy, offeringany deserters free passage through the Russian posts to their homes. "A council of war has tried and condemned these men, who will be banged to-day in the market-place; and the appointments of the seven deserters who have escaped by their agency will be exhibited on the gallows as a further proof of their guilt. " Your Lordship will learn with pleasure that, up to this moment, no Christian subject of the Sultan has betrayed us, all those who have so justly forfeited their lives being 3lussulmans." And on the 19th- "The large force detached from the Russian army which I informed your Lordship was operating in the neighbourhood of the Soghanli-Dagh, was seen. by my foot-messenger about eight days ago marching in the direction of Penjrood in Geuleh, where Haji Ai rasha and several other officers who had recently left Kars were stationed, for thepurpose of pasturing the cavalry and artillery horses which accompanied them, and for seizing a favourable opportunity to get barley into our camp. "flajidli Pasha, withhis attendants, having incautiously ventured too far from these detachments, vwas taken pnsoner and is now in theRussian camp, opposite our intrench. ments. " This is the second Pasha who has been taken in this manner * Bahlool Pasha, the hereditary Chief of Eayazid, having fallen into the enemy's hands near Euch-Kelissa about two months ago. I should state to your Lordship that, by PrincePaskiewitsch's official reports on the lastwar, this very Bahlool Pasha allowed himselfto be taken prisoner in Bayazid, and. vwhileintheenemy's hands, exerted himself as an active partisan in their favour by intrizaing with and rendering neutral several of the Sultan's Kurdish subjects. "The similarity of the game played and playing hy this man forces me to bring him to your Excellency's notice; the more so, as several of the Kurdish bands of horse under Veli Pasha, during the recent unsuccessful operations of the Russian General-in-Chief against Erzeroum, disbanded and fled to their homes without firing a shot. "Another very serious coincidence is the conduct of the principal Mussulman inhabitants of Erzerouma during the late panic. There is no doubt that they would have treated with the enemy if the forts around the city had not restrained them, and prevented an attack from the Russian army. I can only conclude that, as in 1829, Russian gold was ready at hand to effect its work. " The Christian notables and their flock alone (undertheir bishop) showed true loyalty, and I have thanked them, through his reverence, inthe name of the British Government." On the 24th the spirits of the garrison and their brave commander were raised to the highest pitch by the news of the destruction of Sebastopol and of the Russian feet. Two Royal salutes were fired, and the details of the event read to the troops and the townspeople of Ears. The Mlushir likewise heard from Omar Pasha, whose army was rapidly concentrating on the Churuk-su, and who intended tobegin his operations against Georgia without a moment's unnecessary delay. It seemed as if the Russian General was meditating a move. On the 27th he sent off 3,004 loaded arabas to Gumri, and, according to the report of the peas,ants, bad detached by night as many as 8,000 men towards Alhiska. Everything for the moment appears couleur de -rose. The cholera has appeared on the 26th in Kars, but .the enemy has suffered severely from it-indeed, it has probably come from his camp; and Dr. Sandwith has taken all necessary measures to prevent the spreading of the evil. On the 28th General Williams sends off " stringent orders to the military and civil authorities of Erzeroumi to prepare provisions and land carriage for instant transmission to this garrison, in the event of a retrograde movement on the part of the enemy." The next day was the culminating point in the fortunes of the devoted garrison. The 29th of September will belong remembered by the furious attack of Mouravieff with his whole army upon the Turkish lines, and the utter discomfiture of the attempt. That this, should have been made at all was no doubt owing to the intelligence he had received of the intended diversion, which, the south side of Sebastopol having fallen, he was well aware might be supported by reinforcements of a far greater a-mount than was possible while that position remained inthe sole possession of.the Russians. The universal expectation of every one in this country was, that such a victory had saved Ears; that, under the circumstances, it was impossible for louravieff to recover the blow which had been strucIk. " If we had only possessed a few hundred cavalry,'! says General Williams in his despatch of the 30th of September, "we should have utterly destroyed their army. Their loss in officers has been enormous, and they behaved splendidly." . . . . " More than 5,000 dead were left on the field, which it took the Turkish Infantry four days to bury." At Constantinople later reports had reached Lord Stratford on the 12th of October, that the Russian army "I had retreated, or was preparing to retreat." But alas ! a very different step was intended by the energetic Mouravieff, a writhy adversary for the British CoMnissioner. He,:too, was a man able to look ill-fortune in the face, and strive to win her to smile upon him. " Notwvithstanding the severe defeat he experienced," says General Williams on the 12th of October, " e still blockades us closely, and the erection of huts in his camp this morning shows that he intends to continue this course. "Re knows that all our cavalry horses and the great majority of the artillery horses are dead of starvation, and that we cannot take the field; he is also aware that cholera inficts severe losses on us, which are aggravated by the difficullty we have of burying the horses. "4 Under these circumstances I address these few lines to your Lordship [Lord Clarendonj with a hope that such representations may be instantly made to General Omar to act with vigour and decision against Georgia; otherwise, in spite of our brilliant victory, we must ultimately fal into the enemy's hands." Consul Brant, too, is " greatly disappointed that, notwithstanding the arrival of Omar Pasha in Georgia, and the terrible defeat of the Russian army on the 29th of 'September, General Mouravieff has not withdrawn within the Georgian frontier, and can only attribute this to his conviction that Omar Pasha will not march on Teflis this winter, and the certainty that the Ears army cannot molest his, because it has no horses for its artillery and no cavalry, and therefore must of necessity remain within its entrenchments. - - "General Mouravieff still hopes-to starve out the garrison," and Cons;Brantlearns "from the coast, that - Omnar Pasha's army reaches so tardily that there is little chance of its being- able to move in advance -this winter." Indeed, on the very day when the Kars garrson was so elated by the intelligencejust arrived there, the British Ambassador writes home in a melancholy tone:- "In answer to my inquiries at the PorEe I am assured that nothing further has been received from Omar Pasha; that the passage of troopg and the conveyance of provisions are in progress, thougTvlowly, in consequence of the limited com nd of tran;t for those purposes. " It is impossib notta apprehend that the manychanges of plan,; the exigendes of oTunperatio nstopol, and heavy demiainds on the transpo'rt service, concurto dminish the hope of relieving Kamr "In reply to-my earnest solicitations that a peremptory Drder should be immediately sent to the commanders at or near Erzeroum to attempt the introduction of provisions into Kars at every risk, I am assured'by the Serasaier that orders to that effect re already on the road-" On the 23d of October General Williams' courier had been unable for four nights to paw the enemy's videttes, so close had the chain been drawn. A fifth attempt ,succeeded; but it was not until t'ne 17th of November that the sad inteUligenee reached Lord Stratford at Constantinople. "$Al our horses are dead of starvation, and we have not carriage for a loadofaminunition, if we areultimatelyobliged to abandon Kars. The garnison has been without animal food for a fortnight." The only alleviation of the distre of the son is that they have heard that Selim Pasha is about to make an eiTedition by way of Erzeroum, to endeavour to relieve them. Omar Pasha had not been heard of. Batoum, the base of his operations, is 56 hours (or about 196 miiles) off. On the 6th of November Consul Brant sends an extract of a letter just received from General Williams. The General says:- "$I have on my shoulders the management of the starving population as wiell as that of the army. I take from the iCh and give to the poor, hut am nowr obliged to issue corn from the public stores. I hope 0ma Pats ih s at least acting like abrave and resolute man. The enemy showved his diminished army yesterday, 16 battalions from 400tD500 each, three regiments of dragoons, three of Cossacks, and- 40 a uns.. .et even at -this time, Ears was al but saved.' The Russians, according to the account of a me3- - I senger who reached Constantinople on the 24th, hada inade up their minds to abandon the siege, when they received intelligence from an Arnenian inhabitant of the place that the Turks -had hardly 15 days' provisions; and MSouravieff thought it' worth while-to continue the siege a little longer. There was no reason for doubting Onmar Pasha. On this very 6th of November he hadl forced the paosag&of the Ingour, and was advancing rapidly, towards his destination. It is, however, too late. Ears cannot last out even till his arrival at Kutais. There remains one, and only one, slender chance for the devoted garrison. Mouravieff still remains before Kars, but with scarcely 12,000 -troops, and those cowed by the defeat of the 29th of September. Selim Pasha-he who seized upon Shefkatil at the outbreak of the war-has been sent to command at Erzeroum. If he can be induced to move forward to Kars and threaten the blockading army, they nmust concentrate their outposts to resist him, and opportunity will be given to throw some small supplies into Kars. At Olti, 18 hours off, there is still food. The weather has been singularly mild, but winter must soon come, and then the Russians, if not sheltered, must abandon their position. Consul Brant writes on the 12th of November to Lord Clarendon, enclosing a letter, which, by its mi;sdate (October for November) discloses the anxiety of the writer "' Yesterday afternoon I received from Ears a despatch from General Williams, who directed me to send a copy to your Lordship, to Viscount Stratford deRedbliffe, and to Sir James Simpson:- Ears, Oct. 3, 1855. 'I have told the English officers to join Selim and Veli Pashas in their advance. The enemy came to-day with 12 battalions and 2 batteries and 500 carts to destroy the village of Shorak and carry off the wood of the houses. He was driven out by our artillery with loss; he set fire to it, and withdrew. Urge on the relieving army, and also increased actiity in sending troops from Constantinople. The enemy has struck his tents and hutted his army."' " The village of Shorak was under the Tahmasb Tabia, and the danger of the enemy's attempt, and his want of wood, either for firing or for sheltering his troops, may be guessed by the large force employed. The troops expected to Join Selimi Pasha are very slow in their move. ments; although the Mushir declares he has notice of their embarcation at Constantinople from the Seraskier Pasha, no information of their arrival at Trebizond has been received. The Russians' hutting their troops indicates the severe cold in tents, and, possibly, either their wish to be prepared for a hasty retreat, or their determination to remain where they are for a -longer, period. It would be difEcult to divine their trae motive, but I would fain hope it may not be the last, for if so the garrison will eventuy be forced to yield to famine. " ' The season has singularly favoured the Russiansbythe snow and bad weather coming so late this year, but I think it cannot be delayed, under any circumstances, beyond the end of this month.' " A message from Vassif Pasha, the Mushir, without any date, but received by Consul Brant on the 10th of November, shows that the catastrophe is inuninent:- " Our affairs are desperate. Let Selim Pasha's force, with that of Veli Pasha, excepting those intended to garrison the forts of Erzeroum, march upon Kars immediately. Let Mehemet Pasha seizo and put at the disposal of the military pashas the whole land carriage of the country. If Selim Pasha has not arrived let Tahir Pasha send him an express instantly with this message," SeEm Pasha promises, under the urgent instances of the Consul and of the English officers, Zajors Stuart and Peel and Captain Cameron, that he wiU positively march on the 13th. He has been very dilatory since his arrival; but Mr. Brant "hopes he will follow up his present resolve, and, if he winl be guided by Major Stuart, trusts a diversion will be made so as to enable provisions to be introduced intto Ears." But no. On the 18th Selim Pasha is still in Kars, and Consul Brant writes to Lord Stratford:- "Ihave the honour to inform your Excellency that a peasant from Kars brought me to-day a few lines from Uener Williams, of the 12th. " The General evidently seems to be in the belief that Selim Pasha has received the troops promised, of whose arrival at Trebizond, however, we have heard nothing, and his Excellency has requested both Major Stuart and my. self to entreat your Excellency to hasten their expedition. A colonel arrived with a long letter from his Excellency Vassif Pasha to Selim Pasha. The precise contents of this letter I do not Inow, but the object was to urge on his Excellency to the relief of the garrison. Selimn asha in. spected his troops yesterday, and they -mustered between S,OOO and 6,000 infantry; most of the cavalry were on duty at the outposts-* they will amnount to nearly 2,000, chiefly regulars, and besides these, theycouldcollect 1,500 and 2,600 Bashi-Bazouks, if not more. The troops are in good! health, wiell armed and clothed, and have lately received four months' pay, and I have no hesitation in sayingtchat such a force under an active and brave general could relieve Ears; but I have seen enongh of Selim Pasha to have discovered that he is neither active, nor energetic, nor brave; and I have long feared that he would not advance. v e has a new excuse for delay every day; to-day it was, that he must wait a change of weather. It is much finer than we had any reason to expect at this season, beautifilly clear, though a little cold at night, and I can only say that as finer weather cannot be expected before next summer it is evident his Excellency will not leave Erzerou3n. The Russians camnot have many troops before Karn, I should think not more than 12,000, and they are discouraged, and have no hear. to fight; but in the camp it is said that General Mouravieff is of so obstinate a character that he will never abandon the siege, even though he should riskhis own life and the destruction of his whole army by a desDerate assault,- or by frost or famine. He has put his troops into huts, which'are well constructed, and, having plenty of firewood, they can stand the frost for sometime yet, and too long, alas ! for the safety of the garrison of Ears, which in the last extremity can do nothing but surrender ;. for, without cavalry, and without horses for their guns, they could never, I imagine, cut their way through the enemy, who is still superior in numbers, taldng into account his nuinerous cavalry and artillery. " Omar Pasha is too slow in his movements to hope anything from him. About 12 days ago his Excellency was stil on the coast, and, although he had gained a victory, I sunpose he will require time before he can resume his ad1vance." Omar Pasha was, indeed, not too slozv, but.too: late ! While MIr. B3rant was writing from Erzerouim, Colonel Simmons was doing the same thing from his headquarters-the camp on the Sieva. Neither the one letter nor the other reached Lord Clarendon till after the news of the fall of Ears. " I have to inform your Lordship that the army broke up from Zugdidi on the 15th inst., on which day the communications were opened between -the advanced guard at Chopi and Redout- Ealeh, where Omar Paslia has formed de ts for provisioning the troops. The distance fiom Redout Ealeh to Chopi is about 18 miles, along a toad in a great measure macadamized, and, consequently, the provisioning of the troops will be much facilitated. " The advanced guard is now at Senaki, on the Tikour, the main body being at the village of Taklit (marked Seklami on the map), on the river Sieva. The army is now detained. while provisions are being brought up from Redout Ealeh, and a dep't formed here, the distance from the sea being about 30 miles. " As soon as this depbt shall be formed, probably in two days, Omar Pasha proposes collecting his army, which is now echeloned along the road fromn the Tikour to Zugdidi, and then moving on again en mane. "The troops have beenecheloned inthis manner to facilitate their provisioning. In the meantime a reconnaissanca has been pushed on to the Tkeniss Zkhal which separates Mingrelia from Immeritia; and it appears that the Russians have entirely evacuated this province. In their retreat they have destroyed all the bridges, and even large culverts on the road; they have abandoned several positions temporarily fortified, and especially the position of this camp, where there is a strong entrenchment, which was thrown up Last year, covering a large extent of ground and naturally of great strength. ' In it were enclosed temporary barracks and a depat of provisions. Both have been destroyed by fire, as also have a range of temporary barracks at Chopi, and considerable magazines and stores at Cheta, and at Senaki on the Ti. kour. L "In faqt, the further the Turkish army penetrates the country, the more evident is it that the Russians have miscalculated their powrers of resistance; and the results of the slutccss ofthe6th last -becomemorapparent. Theirlosses on thatoccasion must have-been greawt-and may be moderately estimated at from 1,6O to 1,800killed and wounded. "Iahappycto inormyourtIordtfiip.that*he very strc meaues 'taken by Omar Pasha to preveet pillalge have met -With great sccess. The Abassians, who at first caused so much fear to the inhabitants of Mingrelia, and bad commenced committing great havoc among them, stealing even children, have been sent back into their own country ome of them after receiving severe chastisementfromthe kish military authorities. The few Circassians that remain are held in -checik; :nd as to -the troos thernselves_ I do not think, although they have generally found- the villages deserted, the whole army have plundered to the value of 10g., and to that extent only in artides of consnmption. The result is that as the army advances in the country the villages are less deserted, and I do not despair of 'the army even deriving some little benefit from the resources of the country., These, however, are not numerous, and will be confined to hay and Indian corn for the horses, and a small supply of meat, with some few bat horses. The eountry, however, as the army proceeds to the eastward, improves and becomes more cultivated. "I have to inform your Lordship that, according to reports received, the Russiasw in retiring have bumt their gunboat flotilla on the Rhion. In fact, everything appears to indicate now theirinability to resist for any length of time on this side of Eutais. It is not improbable, however, that in order to gain time for the removal of their sick and storeg, they may oppose the pasSge of the Tkeniss. "I would, further observe to your Lordship that this army, which-numbers in all about 40,000 men, wivl requira strong available reinforcements if they are to maintain their position at or in front of Ku~tais against the Russian army, after it shall be reinforced by hlouravieff's army from "The Turlish General, as his armyis at present dispowed, has not much more than 20,000 to meet the enemy in. an advanced position. " Ehas been able to make no use of the force of 10,00) .menwhich formed the army of Batoum, under fustafa 'Pasha, before the diversion in favour of the army of Ears was in contemplation, that force being very much disorgSa: nized by mismanagement and weakened by disease. ` Sbmoe little has been done to re-establish it, and probably 6,000 men may be counted upon from it in the spring. The remainder of Omnar Pasha's. army consist of 15,000 men from before Sebastopol, and 15,000 mea from Roumella. strong detachments of whom it has been necessary to leave to protect the magazines at Soskumca-Ealeb and Tchimshera, to hold Zugdidi, and to maintain the communications of the army so hat hen-thearmyreaces utais it will not much exceed 20,000 men.mbro'c i up from before Ears, and is on the march to reinforce General Mukrainsky in Immeritia, the Eussian General will have the superiority of force, and it may be expected that the Turkish forces, unaided, wil not be able to maintain their position. This union, however, of tho Russian forces cannot be expected to take place before the sprin " On the 12th, 13th, and 16th of November General aWilliams despatched notes to Consul Braut at Erzeroum, all to the same purport, pressing earnestly for succour. On the 19th he sent one, which it is impossible to read, even at this time, without being deeply affected at the supineness and cowardice (not to say worse) which rendered nugatory the bravery, energy, and skill of this gallaut British soldier:- uEars, N~ov. 19, 1855. "Tell Lords Clarendon and Redcliffe that the Russian army -is hutted now and takes no notice of either Omar or Selim Pashas. They cannot have acted as they ought to have done. We divide our bread with the starving townspeople. N~o animal food for seven 'weeks. I kill horses in my stable secretly, and send the meat to the hospital, 'wich isnow very crowded. We can hold out, and try to retreat over the mountains rii Olti. Rave provisions sent in that direction ere the Ith day after this aats. We shall carrythree days' biscuit with us." One more despatch from Kars reached Erzeroum. It was written on the 21st. The Commissioner had receivednone of the Consul's late notes, andwasstill hoping for relief. The first snow at Kars had fallen on that day; but the Russians were comfortably hutted and gave no indication of an inclination to retire; and the brave General, aware that now he had done all that he could, and must henceforward trust entirely to the efforts of the relieving armies, desired Mr. Brant to abstain from sending any more letters to him, as they were sure to. fall into the enemy's hands. This despatch was received on the 26th of November. The next day General Kmety rode into Erzeroum, and annoulced that Kars had surrendered. Here is his account of the matter:- " When General Williams learnt on the 23d, by a comxuunication from Consul Brant, that Selim Pasha would not advance, he saw that all hope had vanished. The soldiers 'were dying by 100 a-day of famine. They were mere skeletons, and were incapable of fighting or flying. The 'women brought their children to the Geniral's house for food, and there they left them, and the city was strewed with dead and dying. Under these circumstances the General called together all the pasbas and asked them if they thought their soldiers could resist longer,or could possibly retreat. They all declared either an impossibility. The next day General Williams sent M;ajor Teesdale, at 2 p.m., to General Mouravieff's camp, to ask him to appoint an hour the following day for an interview, to treat for a surrender. At sunset Major Teesdale had not returned, and General Kmety and General Kolman left with a.guard of Koords to cut their way through the Russian patrols. They passed several, and at last were-stopped by one and separated, and it was after 24 hours that tey rejoined each other, and in three days and nights theyreached this in safety. General Emety does not know more than above stated as to terms, but he says the garrison being in so distressed a state it must submit to any.conditions General Mouravieff chose to dictate." Some more particulars are graphically related in a despateh of Mfajor Stuart, who, by the capture of General Williams and his personal st hadbecome the seniior British officer in Asia Minor: "It appears that on the 23d inst. the General received a letter, dated the 12th inst., from Erzeroum, informing him that the assistance so long expected from here could not be afforded. This assistance had been boastfully promised by Selim Pasha, the Mushir in command, immediately afterhis arrival here in the latter end of October, and the General was holding out from day to day in expectation of it, having long since ceased to hope for anything from Omar Pasha. Cn the morning of the 24th he called together all the pashas holding commands in EEars. explained to them the position in which they stood, and asked them severally if the troops were in a condition to attempt to cut their way through the Russian lines? The answer from all was that it would be impossible, owiUng to the debilitated state of the men, and the absence of all discipline among them. " At this time there were but six days' provisions in store, at the rate of half-a-pound of bread a-day Der man; the hospital was crowded; the dead from exhiaustion numbered 70 or S0 a-day; many had become idiotic, and allwere in a state of e xtreme emaciation; add to these evils the daily desertion of whole platoons; and the utter demoralization that prevailed throughout. "With respect to the townspeople, matters weqe, if Dossible, worse. All cried to General WiUiams for relief, xLid every day his quarters were beset with women who flung their starving children on his steps to die. "JUnder these circumstances, it was the unanimous opinion that no alternative remained but to propose a surrender. What terms wiU be granted remains to be seen. " This disaster, my Lord, might have been averted had there been a man of energy' and ability in command of the troops here, but these are qualities which are rarely to be found among Turkish generals. The Russians have now at lEars 20,000 effective troops, of wrhom one-half are cavalry, and by the surrender of that place they gain 70 field guns and 46 garrison guns, with 500 rounds of ammunition, 20,000standof small arms, including 2,000 excellentminias; 'while we lse 15,000 men, including General Williams and his immediate staff."' On the 29th of November General Williams, a prisoner in the Russian camp, 'writes to Lord Clarendon the offlcial account of the surrender, and of the proximate causes which induced it "R Russian Camp near Kars, Nov. 29,1855. "My Lord,-Yrom the varous despatches in cipher 'which I have addressed to your Lordship through Mr. Brant, the intelligence 'which I have now the misfortune to announce must have been expected by your Lordship. "I had received direct promises of succour from Selim Pasha; and Omar Pasha's operations, patil I knew that his movements were directed towards -Suchum Ealeh, had buoyed me up in my determination to hold out to the last moment; this intelEigence from the Generalissimo reached me on the 24th inst. by the same post bicldi brought me positive news from Mr. Brant of the ldisposition.or in'ability of Selim Pasha to advance further than KeuvriKeuy. "eyWe had, up'to that date, suffered from cold, want of sufficient clothing, and starvation, without a murmur escaping from the troops. They fell dead at their posts, in their tents, and throughout the camp, as brave men should 'who cling to their duty through the slightest glimmering of hope of saving a place intiusted to their custody. lFrom the day ef their glorious victory, the 29th of September, they had not tasted animal food, and their nourishment consisted of two-fifths of a ration of bread and the roots of grass, which theyhad scarcely strength to digfor; yet mght and day they stood to their arms, their wasted frames showing the fearful effects of starvation, but their sparkding eye telling me what theyr would do were the enemy again to attack them. "We hadnow lost nearly 2,000 men by starvation, and the townspeople also suffered, and would have died by hundreds if 1 had not divided the bread of the soldiers among those who had bravely fought by their side. I therefore begged the Mushir to call a council of war, which, on being told that we had only six days' rations, came unanimously to the conclusion that nothing was left to es but a capitulatiOn; and that the debility of the men, and total 'want of cavalry, field artillery, ane ammunition mules rendered a'ny attempt to retreat impossible. " The Mushir then deputed me to treat with General lMouravieff, and I consequently waited on his Excellency on the 26th inst. He at first seemed determined to make prisoners of all who defended the place, but as the Redif, or militia, and the townspeople formed a large portion of the infantry, I made asuccessful appeal to his humanity, which, coupled with the obvious measure of destroying our artillery and stores to which we should have had recoure previously to an unconditional surrender, brought about the convention which I have now the honour t) enclose for your Lordship's information, without the expression of unavailing regret "I have only to add th the stipulations were carried into effect yesterday; that myself, my officers, and the regular troops composing the last garrison, amounting to 8,000 of all arms, are prisoners of war, and that the irregulars, numbering 6,000, have marched towards their respective-homes. "I and my officers are to marchforTi'fis to-morrowr, there to awatthe decision; of the Emperor as to the plwace-ofour abode in Rusai" On the 14th. of Decamber Gxeneral Williabis anived at Tiflis, having "received at every step the lindest offices of every officer in the Russian army, from the highest to the lowest." He was then ignorant of his destination, but expected to go to Moscow. It is rnot unnatural to expect that a subject which had excited so deep an interest as the siege of Kars should be very differently viewed by different parties, and that the blame of the ultimate failure should be cast on as many different scapegoats. The course of this analysis will have directed attention to many of these; but it has not allowed any allusion to the Turkish view of the matter. This at last came out in a conversation between General Mansfield aid the Seraskier at Constantinople, on the .25th of November I" In conclusion, his Excellency turned round to me and Faid that I was as weU aware as he of the continuous exertion made to lap the garrison by him,- but that from the first we had been agreed on the necessity of a large and wellcombined eff6rt. That Omar lasha had been delayed by causes over which, unfortunately, he could not exercise controoL It- was an afaijr of the alliance. It had all along been nnderstood that such measures as it was in their power to take without the army which had been detained in the Crimea would not suffice for the objet in view; still they had persevered, as in dutty bound. His E3xcellency then proceeded to tell me, writh much force, that the Turks were absolutely debarred from executing what vwas necessary for the prosecution of the campaign by the delay in giving them the advantage of the loan." When it is remembered that on this very day Kars capitulated, the threat of the Seraskier, which followed his declaration, that if 'within a week's time funds w.ere not supplied fromthe sources in question he himself would resign his office, becomes ineffably ludicrouw. On the whole, it may be doubted wfhether General Mansfie}d himaself has not put tha whole question of the campaign Gn very nearly its true footing in the following remarks, with. which we will conclude this summar of one of the most interesting,volumies ever Printed : "If Inimay be- allowed to offei5'an opinion on the real c&use of the disastrous issue of the TtircowAsietic cNApaigna, I should say that it must be found in -the mature of the alliance,which absorbed alltherealy available3meansof actionwhether French, British, or Tarkish-in the invaion of the Rtussian soil, to the exclusion of attention to the hostile oRustioan cTurcihtenCituosri. °Tfhe contest pursued in the _ormer required every practicable means.-to. insure success, perhaps, it mnay hb said, even miaitary safety. .Th g6Xearrison otf K's performeda great duty in arresting the march of the Russian colu=n till the resources of the alFis thud be turhed to Asia, either in consequence of a development they had niot already reached, or of liberation from the Crimea. "Some months since I ventured to predict in privato conversation that we should havo to be satisfied with such an issue of the operations of the last year; and that, assumin the allies to be prepared to take advantage- of what has been thus achieved by the devoted garrison, we should have no reason to be disappointed when viewing the two theatres of war as one comprehensive whole. I have no reason to depart from the opinion then expressed. " With regard to the proceedings of the Embas, I may be permitted to add that, after a disposition vas shown to enable Omar Pasha to go to Asia, no effort was spared to expedite his movemuents; and that if events had marched with the same rapidity as the wishes of his Excellency we hbly might nut now have- to lanent the surrender of KX. "
THE PRISON AT MUNICO. An account of this institution has lately been published in a letter addressed to Dr. lliotson by the Rev. C. H. Towushend. It appears that the establishment " Is very nearly self-supporting, the great source of its revenue being a manufactory of cloth for the use of the army-every branch of the manufacture, from the first entry of the raw flax to the iinal drilling and calendering of the woven article, being conducted entirely by the cri. nminals themselves. Besides the cloth-making, other trades are also going on in the prison, such as shoe-making, tailoring, carpentering, bread-baking, &c., partly to create objects for general sale, but chiefly (with the exception of the cloth) to supply the wants of the inmates of the prison. 'When a criminal enters the prison,' said the colonel, 'the first thing we do is to ascertain his former trade, if he had any, and to set him to work at that. Iu the case of his non-instruction in any useful occupation, we immediately take measuresto have him instructed in some business that seems best adapted to his nature and faculties. Our lo(west class of manual occupation is the .inding of fiax on reels, and to this work the least clever 'and intelligent are set. large proporti.on of the prisoners are employed in this business, which is so essential to our grand object, the manufacture of cloth. Corporal chastisement is here unknown. Neither have we any useless labour-anything, in short, which might degrade a man from his position as a human being. Our great,moral object is to raise and to reclaim. Our basis of principle is the belief that even the worst criminal still remains man' and may be beneficially acted on by kindness, reason, and the skilful touching of certain human motives which we have found common to alL Convinced that all restraint is inefficient which is not accepted by the will of the criminal himself, we try to lead every one of our prisoners to a conviction of the excellence of our measures and of the benefits which will accrue to himself from cor. dially embracing them; in fine, to produce self-govern. inent.' "'This must be difficult,' I remarked. "' I have not found it so,' replied the governor; 'occupation in the present, an object of interest set before a man in the future, the idea of something still to be lost or still to be gained, these springs of action judiciously set in motion are adequate, we find, in every case, to restore or develope therinciple of self-government. Of course the chief diffic ty- is at first. Many a newcomer is idle, brutish, ferocious. But this I have ever found with the worst of criminals-once convince him of Tour interest in him and he is perviousto your influence. T?he great source of crime (continued the governor) undoubtedly is the belief in the lowver classes that they are cared for by neither God nor man. Wfe try to remove the unfortunate impression. The crimninal sees much that is done for his benefit and reclaiming. In the morning every man has his task set him. Faithful to our principle of leaving the criminal to manage himself as much as possible, we do not secure his attention to his work by constant supervision. We leave the inuiates as free and nninspected as possible.' 'But how then,' I exclaimed, ' can you possibly secure the properamountof labour 9d 'By avery smmple method,' replied the governor-' we measure all the work every evening. We expect from each, according to his trade, so muchflax wound off, so many pairs, or so much of a pair of shoes completed, so many loaves baked.' 4 " ' But how obtain the result,' I persisted, ' without supervion or punishment ? "We do not want,' replied the governor, 'either motives or salutary fears to render our commands effective. I have said that we have here no corporal chastisement, but certain punishments which do here exist we find are more dreaded'by the men than any amount of brute pain. For instance, we have pecuniary fines, or rather losses, and penalties in the shape of diminishing a prisoner's allovance of beer, cutting him-wholly off from it, or excluding him from the library. You will smile when I tell you;that one of our most powerful engines of government-perhaps the most powerifl, certainlythe most universal-is beer! Perhaps you mow that the lavarian loves his beer? Well, then, we take advantage of that love. We give ourprisoners(whentheybehave well) beer. Not,indeed, the heady Boek-bier-no, that night undo the good which we strive to effect. Nothing overstrong is allowed the prisoners; but, while we abstain from heating our prisoners by over-stimulating diet, we, on the other hand, take care not to keep them on a lowering regimen. - For, strange to say, the two extremes in their results do really meet; and we have found by experience, and by examination of other prisons, that too low a diet actually stimulates the pa.ssions -yes, the worst nassious-of men. " 'ButV to return to our beer. Not being exactly a necessity of life, we can make use of it as a stimulus, physical and moral-useful in its place-which canbe given or withheld, according to circumstances. -We find that to cut a man off from his modicum of beer, however small, is the most dreaded punishment we can inflict. Thus in beer we possess a mighty engine. Small things become great by appication. Is a man steadily improving in his conduct? From timeto time we give him a little extra of the small beer which we5use in the prison. Is amandeteriorating?. We lessen or withdraw his allowance of beer. To be struck off from the beer list for along periodisfelt bitterlyby the men. Ourbeer taUlyisamoral sign, andmeansmore thanthe thin" itself. We lay it d-own as a law that no punishment shal be inflicted which can possibly injure health. Indeed, we have no right to add such injury to the sentence of the law. This is no place of torture. Viewing the matter thus, we do not punish ill-conduct by more meagre or more stinted feed, or by taking away the daily exercise which we find necessary to the wellbeing of our prisoners. Indeed, we should consider such punishments as a moral 'wrong;* for to restore the health of the mind through that of the body is one of our greatest aims. Yet as to food and exercise, we vary the quonzodo though not the qzantein. Thereis a table for the offender-a culprit's court-certain signs of disapproval-a certain segregation from the rest, when a prisoner has shown himself unworthy to communicate freely with his fellows. Throughout alL we try to make the- men feel that 'whatever punishment we inflict is just and passionless. For the most part, Iimust say, the culprits acquiesce in our judgments.'" One rather strong proof of this MIr. Townshend gives in a conversation with one of the convicts who had been five years in the prison. "Do you much wish youc timne here to be out ?" he said. " No, Sir, I am very well contented here>" waZs the reply. " I wais told,'.' continues this wiiter- "That in choosing the occupation for the man regard was had to his comparative health and strength, as well as to his particular turn for the handicraft, and also to his conduct; thus,tobe draughted onto thelighterandmoreamusing worl was considered to be a reward. Every one was auxions to be a baker, and no wonder, for I never saw a more animated scene than the bakehouse presented. In this portion of the reformatory Erebus there were bustling and laughter and joking going on. My attendant told me that none but the better sort of criminals, who had either been condemned for only' snall offences, or who had worked their 'way up to confidence by long good conduct, were allowed to form part of the baking establishment. So it was with the cooking department, over which, besides, presided-servants bee -in to-the institution itself. Of coure Imust-ta6te a lo6and some soup.; Thatis de rigi¢ui in sur.hcases.- Both. were excellent. *Iwish that al the OlEver Twists in the world might have as good in their worlfhousea."
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES Sir,-Having seen tbat you have often inserted in the columns of 'neTima letters to the public from individuals as humble as myself, I t-rst, Sir, the motive which Ihave in view-forasking that favour in the present instance will plead my apology. IMy desire, Sir, is to draw, if possible, the attention o the benevolent nobility, whose hearts andpurses are ever open to the calls of humanity, to the fact that, with all the public institutions we have in this enlightened kdng. dom for the reformation of unfortunate woinen who have strayed from the paths of rectitude, we have not one institution to which they can fly for support and encouragement previously to their being reduced to the stern and fearful consequences of such a course of life. Now, Sir, I beg to draw your attention to the fact that there is one class of women who, among the many, have entirely been overlooked. I allude to female servants in general. There is an idea pre. valent-and, I grieve to say, to omuch so-that servants who are filling tolerably good situations can very well save enough to support .them in the event of sickness or the loss of - a situation. In some instances guch is the case; but how often is it we find some one or other has an aged mother-perhaps, a sickloy sister or brother-to support? and how often do we find another who has been deserted by her husband, and been obigedto take service for the suspport, perhaps, of one or two helpless childrenHovw, then, can such asthese savemoney? Toil as they will, they can scarcely make their wages go far enough. I wouild now only jUst ask the benevolent of our land what are these poor women to do in case of sickness or want of situations ? With no homo of their ownto fiyto, and butfew shillings intheir purse, theytakealodging,payfor it till their money is gone, and then in an unguarded-moment they become ,one of those unhappy woman 'hom we have so many institutions to receive, but not one to take them in before they fall. It is a glorious tas- to bring back the "'wandering shieep ;" but hy should not those who have never known their trnals rather seek to save before they fall ? I do rnost earnestly hope some generous individual may see withme the utility of such an instituition, and nobly sfep forEvard invbehalfof destitute female servants, who by a letter from their late employers might be saved from tciuitation and ruin. I trust, Sir, you will pardon mae; and if you thinkk the object a worthy one, grant it the favour of insertion. I begto subscribe myself yours obedientlv. A. IWRAJIfT.
PARIS VNIT.EBSAL EXHIITION. A long and able report on the management of the British portion of the Paris Universal xaiibition has been addressed by MTr. Cole to Lord Staniley of .Alderley, President of the Board of Trade. We have not space for the entire doculmen3 but the following extracts will put the reader in possession of itS leading features. Mr. Cole-says:- "The principles on which the French Government conducted the Paris(Exhibition of 1855 resembled for the most Dart those of the London Exibition of 185L The chief differences consisted in the admission of pictures and engravings, which were prohibited in London; in the adoption of a special Customs' tariff of 20 per cent. ad valorem on all articles which were prohibited either absolutely or partially, by the ordinary Frenchtariff-a measure necessary in the case of France, or there could have been no exhibition, but not required in the London Exhibition; in the permission given toexhibitors to mark prices on articles exhibited, which was not granted in London; and in the award of prizes to foremen of works, workmen, &c., who were not direct exhibitors. "The whole cost of, the central mnanagement of the Exhibition was borne by the French Government, whereas the risk of the London Exhibition was undertaken by a voluntaryassociation of individuals intheirprivate capacity, and was in no respect shared bythe Government, which only gave a sanction to the undertaking and named a commission to communicate with foreign countries. The management in Paris was confided to a special commissioa appomted by the Emperor, but their powers appeared to have been somewhat controlled by a private company, who were owners of the Palais de 1Industrie in the Champs Elys6es. This was the principal building used for the Exhibition, which had been erected at a cost exceedinM 500,000. sterlingupon a guarantee from the Government of 4 per cent., together writh a share in any contingent profits. These contingent profits, which did not arise, constituted the company the actual receivers of the fees for admission, andthey made certain regulations of their o, of doubtful convenience to the success, of the Exhibition. "As it appeared to the BritishGovernmenttobevery doubtful if voluntary association and private enterprise -would produce an adequate representation of British art and industry in Paris, corresponding to the efforts which the French Government had zade in 1851, estimates for aiding the formation of a proper Exhibition were submitted to Parliament, and a sum of 50,0001. voted to be administered under theresponsibility of the Board of Trade. "In obtaining British exhibitors and adapting their demands to the space afforded by the Imperial ommisson it was ruling principle to invte the co-operation of voluntary associations of the countryrepresentingscience, art, and industry, and to induce them to ta';e an active part in the work of organization. Entire success attended this corse The Royal Agricultural Society charged themselves with superintending the exhibition of agricultural machinery; the Council of the Institution of Civil Engineers, tha' of machinery in general; while the Royal Societysuprin. tended that of scientific and philosophical instrnmenta. "A A very small proportion of the exhibitors acted inde. dendently of comnittees, and there were but7few cases in which the Government itself appeared as a direct exhibitor. " As a whole, the British section, although necessarily much less in quantity, more completely represented the pro. ductions of the united kinedom and its colonies than the Exhibition of 1851. The comprehensiveness of the colonial collections left little to be desired, and they promise to be of great mutual benefit to the colonies and the mother country. The quality of the machinery displayed was very good, but, owing to the employment of some of the principal machine nakers in preparations for the war, several important kinds of machinery were not represented; and, curious as the fact is, perhaps the weakest of the British portion, considering the real position of its producers with those of the rest of Europe, was the machinery. The principal seats of manufactures were thoroughly well represented, exceptLeeds, Birmingham, andBelfast; Msanchester appeared much more completely represented than in 1851, and its displaLy attracted great attention. Glasgow andl Bradford, Sheffield .and the Potteries -were thoroug;hly represented. Nottingham showed well, although not so extensively as might have been wished. Eiddernnnster welL The glass trade was but partially represented; the furniture, almost wholly from London, was excellent, but not great in quantity; the musical instruments consisted only of a single organ and a few pianofortes; civil engineerng was abundantly illustrated by the, best models of the chief works of recent times. The three principal goldsmiths and jewellers made a ful display ; butthe exhibition of watches and clocks and philosophical instruments was less complete than it might have been, several of the chief producers not having exhibited at alL "The relative position which the productions of the united kingdom were considered to hold in comparison with those of other nations exhibiting on this occasion, the progress which has been made since 1851, and the necessity forimproved industrialeducation inthe united kin"dom will he fonnd treated of in several reports prepared by deputations from various Chambers of Commerce, and by jurors and others. "The Chambers of Comnmerce which have published such reports are Belfast, Bradford, Huddersfield, Leeds, and Liverpool. " The jurors and others who have engaged to furnish reports on the various classes of the Exhibition are,- "On Mining and Minerals-Professor Warington Smyth. " On Ariculture-Mr. J. Evelyn Denison, 3!. "On *egetable Produce-Sir William Hooker " On Machinery in general and Iron-,r. Fairburn. "On Carriages and Harness-Lord3nelbmne, LP. "On Machinery for Woven Fabrics-Pofessor EWllis and the Chambers of Coumerce of Leeds and Huddersfield. "On Philosophical Instruments-Sir David Brewster. "On Heat, Light, and Electricity-Professor .Wheatstone and Dr. Arnott. " On Chymical Manufactures-Dr. Hofmann and lMr. W. De Ua Rne. "On Alimentary Substances, &c.-Professor Ower and Dr. Royle. "On MTilitary Arts, &c.-Captain Fowkvi RIE.' "On General Mletal Worl;-Mr. G. Wallis and Mr. A, Tylor. " On Pottery-Mr. Arnoux' (ith Messrs. Mintons'). "cOn Glass-3fr. Bontemps lte with Messrs. Chance). "On Cotton, and other -inports-the Liverpool Chamn ber of Commerce. ".On Woollen and Worsted Goods, and-their Iachinery -the Leeds, Bradford, and Huddersfield Chambers of Commerce. " On Silk-Mr. Winkworth. " On Linens -The Belfast Chamber of Commerce. " On Furniture and Decorations-Mr. 3. Digby Wyatt, " On Printing-Mr. C. Knight. "On Design in Manufactures-Mr. II. Bedgrave, R.A. "The number of exhibitors in the industrial branch who finally exhibited was 1,555 from the united 1ingdom, and about 1,070 from the British colonies. The number of British exhibitors who demanded space and did not exhibit was 124. The value of the goods sent to the Exhibition was 173,4411., exclusive of the goldsmiths' and jewvellers' work, which was estimated at 520,1861. " With the view of ascertaining if the Exh4ibition had been considered by those who had contributed to it productive of commercial or other advantages inquiries were made of a few of the principal exhibitors, in reply to which it appeared that the sales of goods exhibited had been in general remunerative. This was chiefly apparent in the case of articles of strictly British manufacture, -which had hitherto been absolutely prohibited, such as earthenware, woollen, cotton, steel, and other manufactures, or excluded from France by the high duties levied gpon them, but which on this occasion had been reduced to 20 per cent, ad voalrem. The advantages in the formation of the new connexions to be derived from an exhibition must be prospective in a great degree, and many exhibitors a"pear to anticipate future benefit from the steps which they took during the Exhibition to establish them, especially if modifications of the French tariff should continue to be made, and actual prohibition removed, as is confidently expected in the present French session. During 'the Exhibition reductions were made in the duties on machinery and metals, and since the Exhibition modifications have been made in the duties on wool and worsted. Other reductions are in progress, and a statement of all will be furnished in the second part of these reports. Mr. Evelyn Denison haa ointed out that the important reduction of the tariff made durig theEhibition in favour of 'agicultural implements is dre to the representations of the Jury on Agriculture. " The Fine Arts portion of the British Exhibition excited great attention in Paris. 'Undoubtedly it was a complete display of-the state-of-the fine arts of the united kingdom, "The total number of viits: to thB Paris Exhibiti6n mu4,53,464; 3,62&934 visits ware made to the Industri* Section, and 906,50 visits'to thatof the FineAzts. 40.00D British subjects visited the Paris Exihibition, of whom 2,768 were persons who obtained workmien's passports from the Foreign-offlce wvithout payment. The receipts were 2,941,668f.,-a sunm equal to 117,666L~ 1DS. The receipts at the London Exhibition amounted to 356,8081. 2s., but the scale of admission Was higher, and the lowrest fee taken Is. A statement of the ex nditure has not yet been published, lut I have been infrmed by a high authori'ty that it will exceed 500.0001. exclusive of the cost of the Palais de rIndustrie, which was above 600,0001. As this building will have to be purchased by the Government, the total cost will have exceeded a miion of pounds sterling. "The work' of the British portion will be brought to a conclusion with an expenditure not exceeding 40,00M., being 20 per cent. less than the sum voted in Farliament. Since the great commercial success of the Exhibition of 1851 there have been exhibitions at Dublin, New York, and the Crystal Palace in London, in all of which the estimates have been largely exceeded, but in the present case, as far as the action of the British Government is concerned, as with the Exhib'ition of 1851, the satisfactory state of the balance-sheet is greatly due to a steady maintenance of the self-supporting principle, by which the efforts of exhibitors were aided, but not weakeiied, and to their having been encouraged to do their own work as much as possible. " The utility -of the London and Paris Universal Exhibitions in teaching nations the comparative strength and weakness of their respective industries, and showing their mutual means for supplving each others wants, in dissipating the prejudices of ignorance, and awakening desires for improvement, has been so manifest and generally admitted, that, -notwithstanding the oost and trouble of them, and the great interruption they cause to ordinary trade, it is probable these exhibitions will extend and bcome periodical,- at least in some of the principal capitals of Europe. Before the Paris Exhibition had closed it wa ruanoured, with some appearance of authenticity, that the next 'Universal ELxhibition would take place at Vienn in 1859, and preparations were also discussed for holding such exhibitions at Berlin and T1urin. " It seems desirable, therefore, to inquire whether the principles on which the British section of the Paris Exhibition was organizd and conducted are applicable to futuro Exlhibitions in which the uiited kingdommay be invited to take a part, or itir to be regarded as exceptional merely to the Paris Exhibition. " The ultiwnito purpose of all Industrial EAhibitiona is cqimcrci4& X is truc that various motives besi±i, tlihs
IBELAND. | THE NCU31BE12D ESTATES CO,!%nsSION. (FROM OVR OWs CORBESPONDZENT. DUBIZTN, TUE-SD.AY MORNPM. there are premonitory symptoms of a termination of the invaluable labours of the Irish land tribunaL Yesterday a notice was issued by the Cou't, announcing that no further postings for sales of estates would be signed by the commissioners afterThursday, the 26th day of June next. The arrears of business, however, which still remain to be disposed of mubt necessarily occupy a great deal of timle, and it is very probable that there wvill be a vast addition made to the businless before the end of the ensiung three months. THE TIPPEBRARY XNJK. A letter from Clonmel, dated the 23d inst., states that the excitement consequent upon the recent disastrous failure of the Tipperary Joint-stock :Bank has calmed down considerably in that neighbourhood since the appointment of the official manager, and the depositors are anxiously looking out for the period at -which they may expect the first dividend. MIr. James Sadleir returned to his residence, Clonacody, near Clonmel, immediately after his examination before Master Murphy last week. AGRICULTIURAL PROSPECTS. The following report is extracted from the C7are Jouzrala, which came to hancd this molring - "An uinusually fine season has enabled the farmers to push forward agricultural operations with a vigour almost unprecedented. Advantage has been taken of the time -which Providence has placed at their disposal to devote a greater breadth of ground to tillage than has been the case for many years past. We before alluded to the extensive sowing of wheat, an imnpetus being given to its culture by the late high prices. The sowing of oats has been proceeded with unusually early, and their crop will be deteriorated in consequence. All fears respecting the safety of the potato crop appear to have vanished, or the old love of our national esculent has prevailed over the doubts, if any remained, for as great an acreage has been planted this year as there was previous to 1847. For several succeeding Saturdays hundreds of cars have come from the westward of the county into Ennis for seed, and the quantity of potatoes that has changed hands is almost fabulous. An enormous stock yet remains on hand, and we are aiding the home growth with large quantities from Gort and MinGarra, where,the price is some 20 per cent. lower than in Ennis. The prospect of peace has rendered the demand for fat cattle dull, and great confidence is exhibited in the results of th3 auctions of fat stock coming on during the ensuing fortnight. Pigs are, from some reason or other, unusually high at the presant time. Labour is scarce, and the rat4 of wages high. Altogether there is every reason to congratulate the agriculturists upon their prospects, and the country upon a reasonabl^e prospect of abundanwt food." THE LNDEX MxPURGsATosRsIy IEsTLAND. The late rupture in the " Catholic Young Men's Society," consequent upon Dr. CuOnin's bull for the exipulsion of the Natio72. and lTablcet, is liklely to break Up the body. It is said that the 'wrath of the Apostolic delegate was chiefly directed against the NtionT, the persevering attacks of whicli upon Dr. C ulen's administration for the last 18 months have given such deep scandal to the Roman Catholic church ; and that it was oinly to save the appearance of ecclesiastical vengeance that the Tablet iwas condemned to the same measure of punishment as was awarded to its erring brother. 'The fate of the ortlhodox Telegrap72, the chosen organ of Dr. Callen, is still a partial mystery. It is, however, believed that Young Irelandism prevailed to a conisiderable extent in the society, and that sundry hints, were long since given to the managers touching the propriety of tabooing the Natioi. as a peace offeling to the Archbishop, the patron of the society, and under whose i2nmecliate auispices it was called into existence. As soft words had no. effect, Dr. Cullen tried the efficacy of stones, and the result is known. The friends of the condemned jouimal had, nevertheless, their great revenge, and insisted that as a holocaust was to be made of the chief weekly oigans, the Totegraph should not be permitted to escaDethe sacrifice; and, accordingly, to the clhagrin and suiprise of Dr. CuLen's representative (the Rev. M1r. Mulligan), a resolution was tiumpliantly carried for the expulsioni of the Telegrap7. THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 92j 92, ditto, for account, the S8h of April, 92. - ; NeNv Three per Cent. Stock (shut), i62g; ditto, for account, t]e 5th of April, 922 ; Four per Cent. Dublin and Kingstown RPaiway Debentures of 1001., 98; British and irish, 32A; City of Dublin Steampacket Comnpanyof 100!., oS* City of Dublin Steampacket Company of 1830, 26. lanilwzays.-Dublin and Belfast Junction, 4W 43; Great Southern and WYestern, cighths, Six er Cents.. Preference, 70; Midland Great Western and Xoynl Canal, o0; Waterford and Limerick Five per Cann. Preferenes, 42 ex interest. THE CnH3ncAL TR uDE oF TIE TrIrs.-The cnynincal trade of the Tyne has now recovered fi-om thie serious depression it was in about 12 months ago, and the leading. houses botlh on the Tyne and Wear are well supplied -witl orders. The quotationsare:-Alkali, No. 1, 2jd. per cent. per cwt.; No. 2; 2Id. per cent. per cwt.; weak, or mother alkali, 21d. per cent. per cwt.; crystal soda, from 4!. l5s. to 5o. per ton; bleaching powder, from 111. to 111. 10s. psr ton. As there are no stocks on hanid, it is anticipated there dll sholtly be a rise of one-eighth upon these quotatzonsa
SPRIZ' ASSIZES. RIO(mv f.TnqTIp: IEGSTON. ATRCR 25. (Before Mir. BJuron ALDERSON and a Special Jury.) THE PROTESTANT FIRE AND LIFZ INSURACE COMPANY V. BEAU.MONT. This was an action brought to recover f-om the defendant, who is the managlng director of the County Fire-office, the sum of 2,3001., upon two policies of fire insurance, for the respective sums of 1,3001. and 1,000L., effected in the Protestant office, and which it was alleged the defendant was boundto pay under an agreement made between the parties. The detendant, among a number of other pleas put upon the record, pleaded that no such agreement as the one specified was ever made, and also that the plaintiffs had been guilty of fraud in the transaction. Mr. Bovill, Q.C., and MIr. Honyman were counsel for the plaintiffs; Mur., E. James, Q(., Mr. Lush, and k Hawkins were for the defendant. L It appeared from the opening speech of Mr. Bovill, that the Protestant Insurance Company was started three or four years ago, and that, although they issued fire policies, their business was more connected with life insurance, and it was their custom to transfer al their fire policies to other offices, paying thema the premiums, and merely receiving a sort of commission on the amount they paid. In November, 1854, an arrangement of this description was entered into with the County Fire-office; but it seemed that the basis of all the transactions was a letter written by Mr. Beaumont, the defendant, in which he expressed his readiness to accept such policies as had been effected in the Protestant office as his agent should select, and to become responsible for any loss that might accrue in respect of these policies. Accordingly, it appeared a number of policies were traisferred fromn the Protestant office to the County, and among them the two in question, which were effected by a gentleman mnaed :fiddleton ulpon his stock-in-trade and a building at Hull. The whole of this property was destroyed boy fire on the 18th of December last, and it appeared that upon the defendant being called upon to pay the policies, a's it was contended he was bound to do under his agreement, he declared thlat he was not liable, and the p resent action was therefore brought to try the question. There were a good anzy technical points in the case, but the substantial question to be decided was whether, under the letter that had boen written by the defendant, the County Fire-office was legally bound to pay the policies in question. Mir. G. Bain, who stated that he was aParliamsentary agent, and one of the board of directors of the Protestant Fire and Life-office, and that he generally acted as chairman, was called as a witness. Hie said itwas the custom of the company to re-insure in other offices all their fire risks, and before the arrangement with the County they did so with the London and LiverpooL The defendant was the manager of the County Fire-offlce, and in October, 1854, ho had an interview with him upon the subject of transferring these fire policies to that office, and on the 4th of November he received a letter from the defendant, in which he consented to ta,le the policies that should be selected by his agent upon certain conditions. tThe letter was put in and read. ) lle did not knowv whether any answer w.as sent, hut he saw MRr. Beaulmont afterwards, and he understood that the arrangement contained in the letter was to be carried out, and that the County was to be responsible for all the riskis their agent selected. Mir. Middleton's policies were among those that were transferred from the Protestant office to the County. Cross-examined by Mr. J.&ISr.-I never heard that the matter had been submitted to counsel, and that an opinion had been given that the ag reement on the form contained mn the letter was not legal, and could not be ^arried out. Several applications were made by the defendant in the year 1855 for the amount of the premiuuns that were due upon the policies transferred to the County. l did not say tolMr. Cundy, the solicitor to the County, that the Protestant had no money to pay the premiums with. In August there were 40l. or o0l. due to the County. The reason the money had not been paid before was that there was a dispute respecting the amount of allowance that was due to our company. 3ir. JAnFs.-flpon your oath, had you the money to pay with? ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~h WVitness. -I think we had. I could have paid it myself. I will swear that the Protestant Company had as much as 50l. at their hankers' at thetime. I do not recollect telling Mr. Cundy that we had not got the r oney to pay with. I believe Mr. Cundy t ue that if the premiums were not paid immediately the Countyh ould havenothing to do with the affair. He did not say that the County would not pay any of the policies if the premiums were not handed over, but he did say that they wheldnot accept any fresh policies. In August I received a letter from thr. Cnndy, in which he demanded 591. tas. for premiunni and said thatif the amount were not paid immediately he should be compelled to take p: oceedings to recover it, and he hoped the Protestant Cobfpany would spare him the necessity of being cowhpelled to adopt such a disv r eable proceeding. The secretary of the County aisowroteto us, askingforthemoney due, and requesting that a sum of 491., to w;hich they were clearly enttled uight betat once transmitted, leaving the balance to be a subject for after discuss on. I sent a check for that aronnt Onl thc 21st of December. I am not aware v hethqr this was after the fire at hull. Mor. JcMES.-Nown I ask you, upon your oath, Sir-and eI dvise you to be cautious-whether you sent that check until after you had heard of the fire r eitness.-I had not seen any letter from e dr. Middleton, but I think I had heard of the fire before I sent the check Cfor the ayount of the premiums that were due. Cross-examination continued.-I think I heard the fire at mar. hiddleton's taLed about in the office, buthit aas not on -haccount of the fire happening that I sent the check. The money ought to have been paid before, hut people did not alvays pay accounts the moment they were dae, and this was the ouly reason he could give for the delay. The fire at {r. Niiddleton's was mentioned in the office, and then it was proposed that he should send a cheek for g9, to the County. It wasbhisown private check that he sent, and the amount was paid out of his own funds, but he was the treasurer of the company as well as the chairman, and it w;as all the same thing. Mr. JAuEs.-AS you were the treasurer, perhaps you can give us some idea what amount of funds the company possessed at this time. ituness.-d o, I cannot, indeed; I have not got the hooks.. Mrr. JAIES.-Surely you can g,ive us some idea what amount the company had at their bankers' ? WVitness.-NTo, I cannot. pr. J.imeS.-Had theoy 49. ? WVitns.-Yes, I will swear they had 491.; bat I cannot say how much more. Cro-s-exaumned.-I know that an action was tried at York last week, in which Mr. Middleton sounght to recover the amount of his polcies from the commpany; but I am not aware that the company pleaded that they had no mooney to pay hin with. I have heard there was sudh a plea. I cannot say whether a claim forl21l.,arisinmgout of a fire at Plymouth, eas made upon the office, and they were unable to pay it. I am not certain about it. Baron AIlDERSON (to the witness).-Do you mean to say that you as chairmlan of this company do not kinowv whether a claim was made upon it for the sum of 12t., and whether it was paid or not ? AN1Ican say is, if itbe so, it is avery singular state of things. Cross-examnination continued.-I cannot now say how much money the companay have at their bankers'. I know that they have some; but I cannot say how much. No money was paid to the Colunty under the agreent until the check for 497. was sent on the 21st of December, which was two days after the fire happened. Mr. JA2iFS.-Have you issued any fresh policies to the ublic after pleading that you had no money to pay Mr. Mliddleton's policies with ? Witness.-Yes, I believe that fresh policies have been issued within the last fewo days. Mir. JAnS-TO what amnount? Witness.-I cannot say. The learned JUt E said that he thought the examination was verging towards a crininal charge, and he thought he should caution the witness that he was not bound to answer any questions that he thought would criminate him. The witness then said that no fresh fire popcies did been issued; they were life policies. MEr. J eFhS.-And, supposing any of the parties should die, what money have you got to pay them with? Have you got p0L. ?c hitnesst-Yes; we have 50Z., or 100f., but I won't go beyond that. Reaexamined.-They would have paid th r. Middleton's policies with the money obtained from the County, who they considered were liable. Their own company was completely registered acc.rdmg to act of Parliament, amd they had a great many responsible shareholders, Mr. Ht. ulderton, the secretary of the Protestant Cow - pany, proved that he saw Mr. Beaumuont upon the sub ject of the arrangement referred to in his letter, and that he told him it was quite sTufficient, and that it was not necessary to have any formal agreeaent. He also said that a gentleman connected with the County went through their list of fire polcies, and accepted those only he thought proper, and among those lere those of Mr. siddleton. The 491. that was paid included the premiums for those policies. He believed he heard of the fire on the 19th of December, and the check was sent on the 21st. It was not accepted at first, but eventually a receipt was sent for the amoutt. Cross-examned.-Believed he beard of the fire on the 9lth of December. Ittwas the sual coursefor M r Bainto sign checks as treasurer. He asked him to sign the check for 491. principally on account of his having heard of the fire. Ho believed that at that time the company had funds to the amnount of 2001. Could not say howv much money they had at the present time. Money was continually going out and coming in. Before they made the arrangement with the County they had cndeavoured to make a similar one with the United Kingdom-office. A fire had not, to his knowledge, happened on the day the proposal was made; but he believed it turned out that this was the case. He believed a claim had been recently made upon the company from Plymoath for the sum of 191., and he had given inst.ructions to their agent there to pay it, and he trusted he had done so. He had given him orders to pay the amount, but he bad received no answer, and had not been to inquire for any letters. He had 1001. of the company's money in his hands, said he supposed he would pay the amount that was claimed. In answer to further questions put by Mr.JMsEs the witness admitted that he heard of the fire on the 19th of December; that the check was sent on the 21st-; and that it was not until the 24th that he wrote to the County to inform them of the fire, and requested them to send their surveyor to investigate the matter, as it was one of the cases in which they were interested. Mr. J.smBS then addressed the jury for the defendant. He said that, although he should not trouble ther with any remiarks upon the point of law, which would more pro- perly be decided by his Lordship, yet he would state that the substantial defence to the present action was that the Coulnty Fire-office had neveT made any such agreemnent as that which was sought to be niade out by the plaintiffs. All that MIr. Beaumont intended was thatthiere shouldbe an honourable arirangementbetNveen the two c?mpamies, and that wvould have been carmicd out but for the disgracefi-1 and frindlent conduct bf this Protesfant'Company, as it as caUed. Tihe fact was thatthe County'*ould neGt obtain a sixpene of the premiums they were entitled to fromn .thmis miserable ins01l-ent com3pany, a;pd >^ sbr4iited that it was pretty Plain that they never intended to pay a farthing, and would not have done so if it had not been for the fire, and then they thought by the trick of Eending the check for 49L to saddle the County with this heavy loss. He should show them by the deed of settlement of the company that the County could not legally enter into such an agreement as the one that had been suggested, and they had the opinion of a high- legal authority to that effect; and Mfr. Beaumont would be called to prove that the personsconnected with the Protestant Company were perfectly well aware of the fact. Mr. Beaumont was willing to receive the business from the Protestant, and to run the risks, provided the premiums were paid, but it was clear that not a sixpence would be obtained from this insolvent company, and that the payment of the 49/. after the fire had happened was a mere trck to entrap the County and render them liable. The learned counsel commnented in indignant terms upon the conduct pursued by thelProtestant Company in issuing fresh policies after their own admission that theyhad no funds in their possession, and he said he had no hesitation in expressing his opinion that this companywas neither more nor less than a public swindle, and he said that, although they had the audacity to place at the top of their plicies an open Bible, lit appeared to him that the sooner tht Bible, and their office too, vas closed, the better itwould be for thepublic. The deed of settlement of the County Cornpany was then put in, and portions of it were read, and Mr. Beumont was called as a witness, and he stated most distinctly that nothing was ever intended more than an honourable arrangeiment between the two companies; and he also said that the solicitor to the Protestant-office was aware that the original agreement that had been proposed -was submitted to counsel for consideration, and an opinion given that it could not legally be carried out. The learned JUIDGX exnressed his opinion that no agreement, such as was contended for by the plaintiffs, had been made out; and, after the evidence thathad now been given, he thought there was an end of the case. The jury said they were of opinion that no legal agreement had been made out. A verdict was then entered for the defendant -apon the plea relating to the agreemnent, which uws the substantial question In the case. Upon the plea of fraud Mr. JA.xEs consented that the Jury should ho discharged from expressing any opinion, and some of the formal pleas were entered for the plainti the verdict, in effect, being for the defendant.
-,WETEv fl-TRflTWI BODMIN, MARcii24. The commission for holding the assizes for the county of CornwaU was opened in this town on Saturday afternoon by Tu. Jnstice Crowder and Mr. Serjeant ChannelL Yesterday their Lordships attended Divine service. This morning the Courts were opened for business, Mr. Jnstice Crowder presiding in the Crown Court, and Mr. Serjeant Channell sitting at isWPrius. Cs.owrs COURTr There were 49 prisoners for triaL Mr. Justice CROwDER, in charging the grand jury, observed that the calendar did not present any feature of an unusual character, except a dreadful charge of murder by parties in the German Legion, which had come in within the last few days. The numbers in this calendar were 49, whereas this time last year there were 5. That at first view would lead to the idea that there had been a diminution of crime, but he had had furnished to him a statement that, since the last sessions, there had been 30 prisoners sentenced under the act which gave magistrates the power of sumnmarily convictin- persons charged with the commuission of small offences, so t-hat, taking that circumstance into consideration, there was an actual increase instead of dininntion of crime in this county. He felt sure that the magistrates would anxiously carry out that very wholesome ac: of Parliament. He found, upon looking at the educational test in the calendar, that there was a lamentable deficiency of ordinary instruction. This county was in that state that required considerable improvement with regard to education. His Lordship then adverted to the subject of reformatory schools. Having drawn attention to some of the cases in the calendar, his Lordship said he could not suffer them to depart without adverting to a matter which had given him considerable pain. He turned to the back of the calendar, and - there he found ":Prisoners under former orders." There appeared to be two persons who were committed as common prostitutes, wandering in the public streets and behaving in a riotous and disorderly manner at the borough of Truro; they were sentenced to three calendar months' imprisonment with hard labour, and for want of sureties to keep the peace and be of good behaviour 12 calendar months' imprisonment, to commence at the expiration of the first sentence. He had no hesitation in saying that the last was an illegal imprisonment. He should make inquiry for the purpose of ascertaining the real character of t,his very severe sentence. - If it had been an imprisonment for a given time, or until they found sureties, then it would have been legal; but inany view it as avery heavy punishmeat, because these persons were the last in the world who could find sureties. lf upon inquiry he found it was as stated on the back of the calendar, he should release the parties immediately. He found it was a sentence by the authorities of Truro, and not by the magistrates of tha county. Our reporter states that about two or three years ago the attention of Mr. Justice Erle was drawn to a statement on the back of the Cornvwall &ilendar, where a man Was under a sentence, for a breach of the peace, of imprisonment for tho years, or until he found sureties for his good behaviour. The inan had then been in prison for 18 months. Mr Justice Erle alluded to the circumstance in his charge to the grand jury, and it was mentioned in this paper, aud the result was that the man was discharged. Inquiries have since been made, and it turns ont that the breach of the peace was relativeto aliedge which the prisoner claimed-as his property. He has now recovered his property, and this hede is included in it. 2iotbingfurther hadtranspired when our despatch was sent off. NI31 PIn;rs COURT. There were 10 cases entered in the cause list; three are marked for trial by special juries.
POLICE. MA_Nsio2-nousE.-WhiIe Sir R. W. C-AsDsn was yesterday acting as a magistrate in the justice-room, he received the followzing communications:- "4S, MIrgaret-street, Cavendish-square, March 25. '"Sir,-I take leave to hand for your perusal the enclosed letter which has been addressed to me. The information it contains seems to mne calculated to be of use in the laudable efforts you are making to abate the evils of female prostitution in this country. I have the honour to be, Sir, "ID. W. 2LRiis, "Chief Minister of the West London Synago.gue of British Jews. " Sir 1. W. Carden, Alderman, &c." I My dear Mr. Marks,-With reference to the conversation I had with you on the subject of inveigling English girls to Hamburg, I have now to inform you that, from what has come under my own observation both in Hamburg and other parts of Germany, as well as in Liverpool, there is no doubt that there is a large and regular traffic carried on bttween this country and Germany in exporting English girls andimporting Germans. One of the persons most actively engaged in this infamous traflic is a woman residing in Liverpool, w,here she keeps a notorious house of ill-fame. She is called---, bUt I believe that her ical name is , and it is a well-knowvn fact that she makes several jonrneys to Hamburg in the course of a-year, taking with her English girls, and bringing back Germans, generaly speaking, of tender years-say 16; and I have heard that on soine occasions she has had children as youngeas 15. There can be no doubt that this is known to the police, but I do not think they have any means of stopping it or interfering. From Ha3nburg, after the girls have been there a year or two, they are sent to Berlin and other cities in Germany; thus there must be a regular correspondence and connedion with the keepers of those houses in the principal cities, all of whoml need hardly say are under the control and surveiUance of the pollce. I have heard soeae very bad accounts when in Germany, and, although there is considerable exaggeration in many of them, there is no doubt that there is too much truth. In no city in the world, I believe, is prostitntion carried on to such a. immense extent, and in so open a manner, as in Hamburg, in proportion to its size. That, of course, is a subject with which no interference could take place, but I do think that if oar Vice-Consul there really wished it he might do a good deal towards checking, or in a great degree stopping, this trade. I may also observe that the principal place where this traffic is carried on is Hull, from which Manchester and Liverpool are both sup- " ' You are at liberty to make any use you please of this connaunication, as I should be very happy to be of any assistance i putting a stop to the systere. At the same time you will also see that I do not wish to have my name, or any name in this matter, made public, as it might defeat the object. - "'Yours very faithfully, 1s. ...3 2 The following was received, among other communications, by Sir 1. AV. Carden within the last few days:- r" 14, Gilston-road, West Brompton. WYourWorship,-Having noticed your kind interference in the case of the daughter of Thomas Evans, of Johnstreet, Parker-row, Bermondsey,- who was entrapped by a Jevess procuress and sentto Hamburg, I beg to askforyour advice in a similar case. My daughter, Zelpha Barge, was sent by Miss Warr, of No. 10, Blandford-street, Portmansquare, with a parcel to the Foreign-office, Downig-street, and left the parcel there at 12 o'clock at noon on Thursday, the 7th of February; and on Monday, the 11th of February, I advertised her in Y'7Lc Y'imes (but by an error in the print the name was entered " Telpha Barge"), and had handbills printed and circulated in London, and also gave notice to the WRestminster and farylebone Police-courts, but have heard nothing of her. Her age is 13 years; sheis a steady, serious girl. Any assistance will receive the gratitude of her disconsolate parents and friends. " Your most obedient servant, "JON BA_RGE. "Sir 11. W. Carden." A young man, who refused to make known hiis name, was charged with having indecently assaulted two little girls on .Monday afternoon, in one of tho recesses oni London-bridge. He offered the policeman vho apprelhenided him 101. to allow him to go away. He denied the trtli of the accusation, but, aftcr a shortesanmination of the witnesses, Sir :R. W. CkrDE,z said, he was perfectly satisfied with their statements, and sentenced the prisoner to pay a fine of 101., which was at once paid. Bow-sTREET.-The Rev. James Charles Ward attended before AMr. HxxtRy upon a warrant, foumded on the informatioli of Mr. Yardley, clerk to the Commissioners of Police, alleging that he was " deemed a lunatic," and oughIt not to be suffered to remain at large. Mr. Green-wood, solicitor to the Treasury, stated that he was instructed to appear in this case by order of Sir George Grey, to whom, as well as to Lord Palmerston, Mr. Ward had addressed letters, complaining that certain grievances of his had not received due attention, and alleging that for six years past he had been the victim of a system of perseeution. 'lTle first that was known of him was, that in SepteUxmer Iaib he attended saervie at the church of the vfliage of Eastnor, and in some of his letters he gave adeWi% account of what passed on that occasion between him and the officiating clergyman, Mr. Pullen. He had since been brought before the magistrates for threatening 3r. Pullen. He had thought proper to address a-letter on the subject to Her Majesty, in which he enclosed a plan of the church at Eastuor. He thought that letter would speak for itself, and he would put it in as one of the proofs from which his Worship would be able to judge whether the defendant was of unsettled mind. To prove the,lhandwriting of the letters he would call the landlady-of the Lonse 19, Cockspur-street, Charing-cross, where Ur. Ward had for some tine lodged. iMrs. Innes, the landlady, however, declined to swear to the handwriting, and, on being informed that abe vas not called upon to swear positivelv, but only to Aieclare her belief, said she was not prepa_red to assert even that she believed the letters to be written by him. A second attempt to prove the writing by the evidence of Sergeant Hodges, of the detective force, who had seen Mr. Ward write that evening, also failed; Mr. Ward eliciting from him in a skiful, though somewhat irregular, crosaexamination that he had only seen defendant write about three lines, and that he relied chiefly on his recollection- of the first two vords, " My LorL" Mfr. HENRY thought this insufficient to makehimi acompetent judge. Mr. Greenwood suggested that defendant himself sboudac be examined. Mr. Ward objected Nothing had been proved which could afford sufficient grounds for calling upon him to offer Mr. sfardley, clerk to the Commissioners of Police, was then examined, and statedthat he was present on the 22d inst., whendefendant had an interviewwith Sir Richard Bfayne. The rambling nature of defendanfs observations, taken i connexion ith the letters said to have been written,and with whatvwitness had heard, led himi to the conclusion that he wsw of unsound mind. I Atthis point, -the numerous and lengthy discussionsraised by the prisoner at,ch step, and his ingenious but Jengthy cross-examinations of -each witness, having protracted -the roceedingstonearlyan hourbeyondtheusualsittings of the Mr. Greenwood appled for a remand, in order that be might produce other evidence of the handwriting. He ha& been under the belief that the landlady would prove it, and, in fact, that defendant-would not dispute it. Mr. Ward might, under other circumstances, have- admitted it, but he had to protect himself by every mneans in, his power. He at first strongly objected to the adjothfrment5> but, on being informed that he ould be subject to no re- traint, he agreed, and the case was adjourned for a aweek. Mr. HESiBY has received 21. for the poor-box from "R C. C." An acknowledgment in The Twies was requested. 3XAuoROuGu-STREEr.-:Robert JaY, a journeyman baker, wras charged before Mfr. B-raL-vwith stealing a. purse containing 181. 10s. in gold, the property of Mr. John Clarke, beershop-keeper, 1, Avery-rowv, Bond-street. The prisoner pleaded guilty, and was ifuly committed for The sum of 31. has been received from eS. ." for thepoor-box of this court. An ack-nowledgment in the papers was requested. MARvLEBnoE.1-Henry Thomas was placed at the bar for - final examination, charged with ha-ving, in conjunction with another man not captured, nearly strangled by the atrocious garotte system, and also with robbing, ar. W. Paltridge, of No. 4, Portsea-place, Paddington. The particulars connected with the former inquiries have already been inserted. There wvas no additional evidence bronght forwvard. lr. Fell, the chief clerk, read over the -whole of- the deposhtions, and the prisoner, who is an old offender, wasfully committed for triaL. W xs r NsTER.-Wi1iarm Harper. a rough-lookingyoung g man, was brought up on a warrant, charged with being concenied in a desperate attack upon Mir. Jones, the proprietor of the Grosvenor Arms, Belgrave-place. and also 'with violently assa-lting the police. The circumstances are briefly these.-About a month ago eight or 10 fellows entered 3Mr. Jones's house, and, after regaling themselves with a quantity of liquor, played the usual trick of a class of persons yclept "mouchers," openly refused to pay for the refresbment they had had, and all left the house, excepting twvo named Collins and Sneimn, -who, on being detained, abused and violently asulted the proprietor. George Argyle, 194 B, was sent for, who took the prisonersinto custody, and was proceeding with them towarts the station, assisted by Mr. Jones, when they were waylaid and attacked by a gang of fellows who beat them in a most colvardly and ruffianly way. The men in custody were, however, safely lodged in the station-house, and warrants iwsued for the apprehension of the others who had iak-en a part in theoutrage. Prisoner, who was one of them, was captured en Monday night, and evidence was given to - show that he was deeply implicated in the tr.ansaction. MIr. ARNOLD inquired what had been done with Colinms and Sne33in X The police replied that they had been tried and convicted at the sessions and had been sentenced to nine months' hard labour in the House of Correction, and recuired to find sureties in 501. each for their g ood behaviour for the next two years. It was added that Mr. Jones was so beaten that he was still suffering from the severe injuries he had received. Mr. AnxOLD remanded the prisoner for a week. Mr. Charles White was charged with grossly nmiconductinghimself at thehouseof Mr. Hlerbert, the King's Arms Hotel, Palace-yard, and assaulting him. Mr. Herbert saiidAthat defendant came to his honse on Mlonday evening intoxicated, and commenced creating a disturbance. Complainant desired him to leave, but he refused, and flourished a stick about his head. MrsIclrbert seeing complainant in danger stepped forward and succeeded in disarmimg him of the stick, and complainant then endeavoured to put himn out, when defendant inflicted a violent blow on the side of his face. Complainant and he had a struggle, in which they both fell; and as no entreaties would induce the defendant to leave the house he vas given into custody. Mr. ARNOLD asked defendant what he had to say? The accused replied he had no defence to mnake ;but MrHerbert could not have had a very hard knock, or he would' have exhibited some marks. I - Mr. ARNOLD inquired of Mr. Herbert whether Le knew anything of defendant, and, if so, what his position in life was? Mr. Herbert replied that defendant, who was known to him, followed no profession, but lived on wiat his father allowed him. The father had resided at tio hetel for the last three years, and had great cause to coniplain of-- defendant's misconduct towards him. Mr. AINOLD observed that defendant's behaviour npon - the present occasion was such as induced him to inflict the penalty of 31., or one month's imprisonment in defanlt, and, moreover, to reie him to enter into his owvn recognizance of 501. to keep the peace towards Mr. Herbert for the next six months. Charles Pattent and George Davis were ordered to enter into sureties for having conducted themselves in an offensive manner at the house of Mr. Couchliian, the Windsor Castle, Vauxhall-bridge-road, and using some threats towards him. I WostsnP-sTREr.-James Metcalfe, an impudent looking young fellow, of notoriously bad character, was charged with fraud. Fora long time past the prisoner and. a nunber of other persons, who are manifestly acting in concert, have been in the habit of going round to the shops of tradesmnen, and after selecting somnetrifling article, worth Id. or 2d., tender in payment for it a coin so closely resembling a sixence that in nine cases out of ten the fraud is undiscovered, -and the spurious coin taken. Upon closer inspection, ho-ever, the coin will be found to be 'd_ghtly deFective on tbe reverse, and this is intentionally cast so, as the effect of it is, upon a prosecution, to take the coid-a3iogether out of the cldss of spurious imitations of the cirrent coin, reduce it to a rnere medal, and the utterer, of course_ -gets discharged vithoutpunishment. The Mintauthorities haveupon'severaloccasions tried the experiment of a prosecution in sinilar eases, but without success; and although, therefore, nmerous persona have lately been brought up to this and othhx courts charged with uttering counterfeit coin, the Mint. have been obliged to decline goig any furter with the- matter, and the offenders hare consequently escaped, - to renew their nefarious avocationst the next - monent, and with the certainty of perfect impunity, The prisoner in this case had been repeatedly in- custody for similar offences, as deposed by Scott, a constable of the G division, and only discharged frolt this courta few days ago,. the Mint, as before, declining to prosecute.- Oin onday evening, therefore, he wvent confidently into a tobac-cnist's shopm Shoreditch, made a sialpurchise, and tenderedone of these coins in payment, which the tobacconist's dau-ghtecr so little suspected that she was about to hand him the change, when the shopkeeper cane out of the pai'ouar, detected it, and gave him into custody. - This coin -.s detained, together with another he was trying to s Eecrete, and the pisoner went jantily to the station, anticipating a - favourabie result; but upon reaching there the in-Tpc:ccr -)n duty knew the fruitlessness of detaiuing him for utte2ing and at once eutered the charge on the sheet as for frandu- - lently obaninlg gooels by offerin rndlnhc-aewl knew to be perfectly valueless. Mr. D'EvscouCxT certainly thonght it was tic -uch a. pruetice was brought to a. termination, and ordered tLe prisoner, under Sir Robert Peel's Ac, to be felly ccrnanivted - for obtaining goods under false pretences.
D)ISORDERLY CLEItGYMEN.-A few wveelis iago it was stated in .iT Yimes tha.t a comliniesi,n Ihd bevw issued by the Bishop of Darhain to inqLire into aUeged dvn 'kenniess on the part of the Rev. A. J. Ho ell, incunb-ilt u Darlington, and that the charges had, in the opiuimc *f the mnembers of the co.minis4ioi, been. fully *ro'ed .lhe Bishop of Durham, acting ou the report of t} e nt: ;ssioners, has ju.t pronounced a seuteucc v. suFpeilsiuin fou two years. CRYSTTi£ PAimCE.-OnIe Shilling Diy, T ie.,any, M.rch 25:-Ad,nissjons oa payulent, ;1 S-4, dlttt, 1'2 tickets, 437; total visitors, 4,761.
THE SOU2YD DUES. trrn-%A CcoRTtESPONDENT.) CO PlN,AG1=, tAprCic 20. Youi are aw are that the ground upon which the Government of the United States has denounced the treaty of amity and, commerce with Denmark of the 26th of April, 1826, is their unwillingness to surrender to any Power the right of using the ocean as the "highway of commerce," and to acknowledge the right of Denmarl to levy the Soutnd dues-a right v which the United States have recognized from the moment of their entering into the class of independent nations until 1826, as a not privileged State, and as a privileged. State from that year until the 14th of April, 1855, when they denounced the above-named treaty. Some of the most eminent American statesmen-as Daniel Webster and the celebrated Henry Wheaton -formerly acknowledged the right of Denmark to levy the Sound dules, as restingg upon "c immemorial ulsage," and sanctioned by numerous treaties; and the best writers on public law-for example, B3rynkershoek and Lord Stowell-consider the lawv of nations .as derived from the usage and practice of mankind. The first time the right of Denmark to levy tolls upon the merchant vessels passing the Sound and the Belts has been denied was in 1843, by the then American Secretary of State, MIr. Upshur, who, in a report to President Tyler, remarked "That Demnark could not demand this toll upon any principle of natural or public law, nor upon any other ground than ancient usage, which finds no justification in the existing state of things. She renders no service for this exaction, and "-this, I presume, is the principal argument-" has not even the claim of power to enforce it." But Mr. Upshur died shortly after, and his successor in office, MIr. Calhoun, the great jurisconsult, entirely abandoned the stand talen by Mr. UpshLur in this question. Now, the new American doctrine of public law might, perhaps, be defended-at least, from an American point of view-if the United States themselves acted up to it in their relations with every other nation. B3ut, if you compare the coturse pursued by the United States' Government in a recent negotiation about the free navigation of the St. Lawrence river Nith that which they have adopted in regard to the Sound dues, you will perceive that thejusfoitiiris is the real principle of American public law. In the negotiation with Great Britain about the free navigation of the St. Lawrence the United States claimled that the stipulations of the Vienna treaties, "by which the navigation of the great European rivers had been made free to all nations, -were applicable per analogy to the navigation of the St. Lawrence." In their negotiations -with Demnark about the Sound dues the United States (viz., MIr. Marcy, in his despatch to the American (Charg6 d'&Affaires at Copenhagen, of July 18, 1853) decidedly repudiate the idea of allowing any weight to the treaties of Vienna in regard to the Sound dues question, and does not take any notice of the fact that the Congress of Vienna, although making free the navigation of the great European rivers, left the r ikj7t ef Den57narl to levy the A30inicd duees entirely untoufched. Bsy the 4th article of the reciprocity treaty with Great Britain of Jlune 5th, 1854, the UJnited States agreed :-" That the citizens and inhabitants of the United States shall have the right to navigate the :dver St. Lawvrence, subject onlly to the same tolls and other assessments as szow are or rmay hereafter be exacted of HerM ajesty's said su&jects, it bein, uinderjgtoos, 7i sere;- ts$at the Britis Governnment retains the right of suspewuliny fhis privrileip on. gh-igil dvsesnotice thzereof to the Government of thte United States." iBut to Denmark Mr. Marcy talks in a high tone of the " free highway of nations," and refuses to have anything to do with European public law and European balance of power. when invited to the conferences about the Sound dues, held at present at Copenhagen, and where Austria, 3,elgium, France, Great Britain, :Holland, Oldenbutrgh, Prussia, Spainu, Sweden and Nforway, and P.ussia are represented, the UJnited States declined taking a part in them, and in alU probability the question will be resolved without their co-operation. In a recent meeting of the conference the Danish Commissary, Mr. Bluhme, submitted a proposal of capitalization of the Sound dues, according to which Denmark should receive 35 millions of Danish rixdollars as indemnity for the abolition of the tolls, on the following conditions:- "(a.) That all the Powers interested in the Baltic trade and navigation participate in the payment, and that it shall be agreed to by the Powers represented in the conferences, Denmark reserving to herself to treat separately with the Powers not represented as to their quota share. " (&) That a sum of 2,335,0SS rixdollars shall be considered as indemnity for the lighthouse dcues, and 32,6G4,912 rixdollars as compensation for duties tupon goods. " (c.) That the payment of the quota share of each of the represented Powvers shall be guaranteed to Denmark in a satisfactory manner." The Danish Commissary further stated thlat the above-named sum was the inimmum of indemnity which Denmark had the rightlof claiming. According to this proposal, the share of Great Britain would be abouit 10,000,000 Danish money (orabout 1,200,0001.), the share-of Russia about the saime sum, that of PruLssia about 4,500,000 Danishrixdollers, that of Sweden and Norway about 2,000,000, that of the Netherlands 1,500,000, that of France 1,250,000, that of Belgium 300,000,000 rixdollars, that of Spain 1,000,000, and so on, in proportion to the yearly average amount of dues each State has paid in later years. You will easily unnderstand that it is of the greatest importance to Denmark that this affair should be regulated before the 14th of June, 1856, the prolonged term of the expiration of the Danish-American treaty of 1826, as after this timne any extremity of violent measures may be feared on the part of the American Government. The journals of the Union at least speak of seizing upon the Danish West India Islands, especially St. Thomas's, as reprisals against the Danish Government, should it exact the payment of Sound dues byAmenican vessels passingthe Sound after the sxpiration of the treaty of 1826. M any British subjects being settled in those islands, and St. Thomas's being an important Britishpostalandpacketstation, it is to be supposed thatthe British Government would not look with indifference upon such an act of violence on the part of the United States. But still it would be preferable that, the Sound dues question being settled before the abovenamed term, the threatened complication did not arise.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the second half of the 201. from . M. H. W.," on accoiint of Income-tax. lWrrns AiD CHARITABLE BEQuESTS.-The wl of Colonel Sibthorp was swvorn under 100,0001. personalty; lieutenant-General Sir John Hunter Littler, G.C.B., Hon. East India Company, 30,0001.; Lieutenant-Colonel H. H. Irving, 9,0001.; the Hon. George C Agar, a Lieutenant and Captain in the Guards, 20,0001.; tho Rev. Edward W. akneman, IN.A., oO,OOOI.; Mr. John Drinkwater, of Sherborne, 60,0001C.; Mr. W. Chisholme, of Lincoln's-inn-fields and St. John's-wood. 70,0001.; Jonathan Philips, Hampstead and Oxford-street, 35,0001.; Madame Mary de Polier Vernand, of Fantaise, Swvitzerland, died possessed of personalty in England valned at 50,0001. sterling, having left to the Arslum for the Aged at Yvendors, 3001. ; Society for Incura-les, 3001.; Blind Asylum, 3001. anc other bequests to charitable institutions. Mr. W. Parker, of Skirwith Abbey, Cumberland, personalty 40,0001., has bequeathed to the British and Foreign Bible Society 500I.; Church M3issionary, oOOL. Wesleyan M1issions, 500.; Manchester Infirmary, '001'; Cumiberland Infirmary, 5001.; Stockport Infirmary, 2aOI. ; Stock7port Sunday-school, 1001. Mlr. W. W. Eroon, banker, of Chapel Allerton, Leeds, has bequeathed to the Leeds General Infirmary 4001.; Leeds Dispensary, 200Z..; Leeds Hospital or House of Recovery, 2001. TEE L=. REV. DR. WARNORD.-The Rev. Vaughan Thomas, B.D., has written for private circulation a Xemoir of the late Bea. Dr. Warseford. From this mnemoir it appears that Dr. Warneford's donations to the Queen's College and the Queen's Hospital, Birmingham, witli the date of trust-deed and object of endowsnent were as follows:-" December 20, 1858, 1,0001., to found prizes for assays by medical students; January 13, 1842, 1,0001., salary of chaplain of the Queen's Hospital; June 6, 1844, 1,7501., to folmd four scholarships in medicine; October 16, 1844, 1,0001., salai-y of warden, as chaplain ; Adril 14, 1845, 1,0001., salary of warden, as lecturer; September 19, 1846, 3,0001., salary of Medical Tutor; August 21, 1849, 3,0001., salary of Professor of Pastoral Divinity; January 80, 1851, l,0001., salary of resident warden; May 19, 1851, 9001., increased salary of wvarden; April 16, 1851, 1,4001. increased salary of Professor of Pasoral Theology;* April 15, 1852, 2,5SO0!., increased salary of ditto;* April 15, lc852, 1,OSOI., to found four theological scholar-ships; April 15, 1802, C,5001., increase of salary of wlarden; October 15, 1852, 2,000l., salaries of professors of classical Eiterature, of arts, and science. In addition to all these sums, Dr. Warneford gave3,000l. towards the huildino- fund of the hsospital - 5100l. towa3rds the fever wards; and 200l. towvards fittlug up the hospital chapel and dispensXary; 500l'. tow.ards the erection of the College chapel, coneecrated by the bishop of the diocesa; -1,00Ol. towards furniture, &e. ; 1501'. towards the purcbase of hooks, snodes aC.; and 500l. towvards the chiartsand supplemnental ch trt-snskinl ;a total1 of 2.9;559.A
NA VAL A.ND MLITABRY ITET GcB. I Sir Charles Wood, Bart, Ad?.5 First Lord of the Admiralty, and Resr-AdmirrA the Right Hon. Sir Maurice F. F. Berkeley, E.C.B., MP.. Senior Naval Lord of the Admiralty, arcrmpaeUed. 0y 'ais son and private secretary, Mr. Berkeley, arrived r A PoWsmouth on Monday niglht, and were entertained *at +n ,aodAmiralty-house by Vice-Admuiral Sir George F. S jyiamur, LC.B., G.C.H., where they slept.. Yesterday raoraing, at 10-30, steam was ordered to be got up on b-jard the Admiralty yachts Black Eagle, MasterCon11nmder Petley; Vivid, Master-Commander W. H. AlIl,n, and Fire Queen, Master-ConmuanderF. W. Paul; a2.nd about 11 o'clock the Lords of the Admiralty before named, accompanied by Sir George Seymour, Captain Codrington, C.B., and Captain the Hon. J. R. Drummond, C.B., embarked in the Black Eagle for Spithead. The Vivid and Fire Queen followed, and, as Her Majesty's steam yachts Fairy and Elfin were going out at the same time to try their machinery, &c., prior to being reported ready for the service of the Courtthe scene presented was a very interesting one. The Vivid had on board lady Codrington, Mr. Berkeley, Commanders Risk, Crofton, and Saumarez, R.N. The Fire Queen had on board Lord de Blaquiere, Sir Willian Jolliffe, M.P., and Sir William Stewart (friends of the Commander-in-Chief, Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour). The Admiralty Squadron steered towards the fleet, on the way to the Motherbank, the flag ship Victory having previously made signal for the Colossus, 81, Captain the Hon. Henry Keppel, C.B., and the gunboat flotilla under his command, to get under way, signal having previously been made from the flagship at Spithead early in the morning foralto get up steam. When their Lordships arrived atthe Mrotherbank, the gunboat squadron (comprising between 20 and 30 four and two-gun steamvessels) weighed in two columns, following the Colossus, and proceeded towards the westward. The gunboats, in addition to their steam, made all sail to keep theirallotted stations; in doingthisthe fleet-keeled Vivid acted as a sort of whipper-in, being ever and anon sent by the Admiralty ahead to order such and such a boat to get up and keep her station. When off Osborne Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour and friends rcturned in the Fire Queen to harbour, and landed at 3 o'clock. The Black Eagle, with the Lords of the Admir-alty on board, proceeded with the flotiUla for Portland, where they wil muster and manceuvre them, and not return before Thursday. The wholeforcepassed overthe "Bridge" (offthe Needles) at about 2 o'clock, at which spot the Vivid left them, making all speed towards Portland intwo lines, one on each quarter of the Colossus, and each keeping position as wel as it coTld according to the seniority of the respective commanders. The Admiralty members were to sleep on board the Black Eagle last evening and resume their manceuvring of the squadron this morning in Portland Roads. The Vivid returned to Portsmoutl harbour at half-past 4 to land her visitors and to recoal, and wil proceed to Portland this morning with Admiralty despatches. So extensive a movement in connexion with the fleet at Spithead, combined with the beauty and clearness of the weather, caused quite a commotion at Portsmouth and Ryde. Her Majesty and the Court arc expected to revisit Osborne on or about the 10th proximo, when the salute by the fleet w,ill be a very interesting feature should the weather prove as favourable for a spectacle as yesterday. When the gunboats are completed and commissioned we believe they will be formed into a coast blockade, should the war be ended and their services not required with the fleet. The last coast blockade was abolished by Sir James Graham when he was First Lord of the A.lmiralty about 1831. The Wanderer, 6, new screw despatch gunvessel, Cominander Luce, went out of harbour and joined the flotila at the Motherbank yesterday, and accompanied it to Portland. The steam sloop Geyser, Commander Tower, went out of Portsmouth harbour yesterday, and sailed for the westward. The Glatton, 14, steam battery, Captain Cumming, was docked yesterday for refit. The Algiers, 91, Captain Codrington, C.B., was undocked yesterday at Portsmouth after refit. The screw steamer Andes, of the Cunard line, has arrived at Liverpool from Portsmouth, where she landed invalids fiom the seat of war. She is still retained by Government as a transport, under orders to be prepared for sea when required. The steamship Alps is also in port, waiting Government orders. Yesterday Mr. John Laird launched from his Liverpool shipbuilding yards two iron mortar boats. To-day he will launch two more, one from Liverpool and the other from Birkenhead. The following instructions have been issued from the Admiralty relative to the regulations to be observed in the gunboat flotilla. It is the direction of the Commander-inChief that the following arrangements be attended to:- " The gunboat flotilla has been divided into three large _;uadrons,-Red squadron, under Captain Codrington, C.B. 'hte squadron, under the Hon. Captain Keppel, C.B.- Blue squadron, under Captain Yelverton, C.B. ; and the left squadrorn under Captain Key, C.B. The gunboats are to be painted b!ack on the outside, the funnels and mastheads above the rigging to be painted as follows :-Red squadron, red; blue squadron, blue; white, white; -liht, black and two white rings. The red, white, and blue squ-ad rons will carry ensigns according to the colour of squadron. The liglt squadron will carry a blue ensign. The three large squadrons have been divided into four subdivisions, and will be distinguished by vanes at themain as follows :- 1st subdivision, two colours perpendicular ; 2d, two colours horizontal; 3d s-ubdivision, colours as 1st subdivision, with ball on two bars; 4th subdivision as 2d subdivision, with baU on three bars. The light division, divided into two or more subdivisions, will be distinguished by vanes at the fore. 1st subdivision, same as great division; 2d subdivision, sam, as great division. When a ball is hoisted with a signal, it is to be considered as addressed esclusively to gunboats. If a divisional flag is hoisted with the ball, the signal is to that particular division of gunuboats. WVhen gunboats of different divisions have the same pendant, the divisional flag will be hoisted with the pendant, to denote the particular gunboat intended. The divisional flags for the gunboats are as follows:-Red squadron, Q * blue squadron, RI; white, P; Eght, S." The large new lunatic asylum for insane soldiers, in course of erection at Fort Pitt, Chatham, for the use of soldiers arriving from foreign stations, is nearly completed, and will shortly be ready for the reception of this class of patients. The asylum forms a most desirable building for such a purpose; it is situate within the ramparts which surround Fort Pitt, and is in a fine open situation, commanding a I eautiful prospect in every direction. A large corridor extends the whole length of the building, which is intended for the use of the patients, who will thus be enabled to take open air exercise daily, regardless of the weather. The ramparts form a barrier to the rear of the asylum, and in the front is a tastefully-arranged garden, railed off, in which the insane men will be allowed to walk, and from which they will be able to see and converse with their convalescent comrades. The internal arrangements provide accommodation for a large number of patients, and the various w%ards are admirably adapted for the use they are intended. Captain George Goldsmith, the newly-appointed Captain Superintendent at Chathain dockyard, formerly in commaud of the Sidon, on the Mediterranean station, has arrived at Chathain and taken up his command at the doclkyard, succeeding Rear-Admiral Wyvill, who has been promoted. The Surprise gunboat, Commander Harcourt Vernon, has arrived at Chatham from the Thames, to be fitted for sea, and is to brouglit for-ward with all despatch. The launch of the Etna, 16, floating battery, now nearly completed, at Chatham dockyard, will, it is understood,. take place on the 3d of April. The screw transport Eagle, No. 171, Captain Maclean, having discharged her cargo of condemned stores from the East, was on Monday evening paid out of the transport service, and her number canceled. She will be docked for examination. The gunboat Fervnt wa.s yesterdaymorning ordered from her moorings off Woolwich Arsenal, and steamed down to Greenhithe to try her machinery at the measured mile. She is immediately to be swung for adjustment of compasses, and wiiU proceed promptly to Portsmouth. The ambulance waggon, the compartments of which were minutely inspected by Her Majesty on her late visit to Woolwicls, has been forwarded to the contractors to that department, -with an order for the execution of a considerable number precisely similar to the model. The Glyrne, the Trader, the Henry, and the Overy packet with a number of smaller craft and barges, are lying along- slde the Arsenal Wharf, Woolwich, with shot and shell from the provincial contractors. The East Anglian Government transport, No. 162, partly laden with shot and shell, from Portsmouth, is shipping guns from Woolwich for the Tower. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty Lieutenant C. 0. B. Hal, to the Royal wiliam ; Lieute. nant C. F. Palmer, to the Confict; P. W. Rea, Master, to the Vigilant; Thomas C. Tilly, Second Master to the Alaclity; William Pearse, Second Master to the Surprise E. P. Bedwell, Second Master to the Assurance; E. J. Maitland, Second Master to the Osprey; P. C. Johnston, Naval Cadet to the Orion; W. C. Karslake, Naval Cadet to the Sanspareil; R. F. Hammiek, Naval Cadet to the Caleutta, and H. C. Wallis and E. Seale, Naval Cadets to the Centurion. THE Mrssr:-G S-TrAaIEI PACIFIC.-CWe are requested to state that the name of one of thevesseldsdo spatheld by the D;ard of Admiralty in search of the-pacific I is thg Tartar, not tile TietarusT.
HIdE COURT OF ADMIRALTY. The following are the " New Rules, Orders, and Regulations for the High Court of Admiralty in regard to Instance Proceedings":- "6 Whereas by the act of the 3d and 4th of Victoria, chap. 60, entitled ' An Act to improve the Practice and extend the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty of England,' it is among other things enacted, ' that it shall be lawful for the Judge of the said High Court of Admiralty from time to time to make such rules, orders, and regulations respecting the practice and mode of proceedings of the said court, and the conduct and duties of the officels and practitioners therein, as to him shal seem fit, and fiom time to time to repeal or alter such rules, orders, or regulations, provided always that no such rules orders, or regulations shall be of any force or effect until tile same shall have been approved by Her Majesty in Council ' " Now I, Stephen Lushington, Doctor of Laws, Judge of the High Court of Addmiralty of England, in virtue of the power and authority given to me by the said act, do make the following rules, orders, and regulations respecting the practice and mode of proceeding of the said court, and the conduct and duties of the officers and practitioners therein, in order that the same may be submitted for the approval of Her Majesty in Council:- " L All office copies and other copies of pleadings, proceedings, affidavits, depositions, exhibits, and other documents in the Eigh Court of Admiralty shaU be counted and charged for at and after the rate of 72 words per folio - and every nuweral, whether contained in columns or otherwise written, shall be counted and charged for as a word. IL In all cases of damage, unless the judge shaU bh pleased otherwvise to direct, each party, or Isis proctor, shall, before the libel or act on petition is given in, bring into and deposit in court a sealed packet, containing a statement of the following particulars:- " 1. The names of the two vessels which came into collision, and the names of their respective masters. "2. The time of the collision, as nearly as can be stated. "3. The place of the collision. "4. The direction of the wind at the time. "5. The state of the weather. "6. T'he courses of the respective vessels on faist sighting each other. " 7. The distance at which the other vessel was first seen. " S. The courses which each vessel thereupon adopted to avoid tle collision. " 9. The parts of each vessel -which first came in contact. " And suchpackets shall remain in the registry sealedup, and shall not be opened, save with the permission of the judge, until the proofs in the cause are hrought in or the whole of the pleading and examrinations are concluded, and such statements shall be called the ' preliminary acts.' " IIL In proceedings by plea and proof in the said court, no witness shall be examined on any plea until after the pleadings in the cause have been cone uded, except with the permission of the Court and upon good cause shown. " IV. It shill not be necessary to repeat to a witness his deposition either in chief or on interrogatories, but the registrar or examiner who shall have taken the evidence shall certify, at the foot of the deposition, that the same has been read over audibly and distinctly to the writness, and that the witness has acknowledged the same to be true. "V. If the witness refuse to sign his deposition, the registrar, or examiner, as the case may be, shall certify at the foot of the deposition that the wvitness has so refused, and that the deposition is in accordance with the evidence given by such witness, and the deposition of such witness may thereupon be read and referred to at the hearing of the cause. "VI. In proceedings by plea and proof the proctors or their substitutes may, unless the judge shall order to the contrary, be present at the examination of the witnesses both in chief and upon interrogatories, but the evidence shal be taken down in writing as at nresent by the registrar or an examiner of the court. The -witnesses may be crossexamined upon interrogatories, either prepared beforehand, or framed and put in writing at the time of the examination, and after cross-examination they may in the same manner be re-examined also upon written interrogatories; but the questions shal in all cases be put and the interroga- - tories be administered by the registrar or examiner. " VII. No party in a cause, except by special leave of the judge, shall be allowed to be present at such examination unless he slhall be conducting the proceedings in person; and no party, proctor, or substitute shall be permitted to take any part in such examination, cross-examination, or reexamination, or in any manner to interfere with, or object to the conduct or proceedings of the registrar or examiner therein, except so far as designing the witness to the several articles of the pleas, and tendering written interrogatories to the iegistrar or examiner for the purpose of their being administered to the witnesses. " VIIL It shall be competent to the said judge to direct the evidence of the witnesses to be taken down by a shorthand writer or reporter appointed by the Court, who shaU bepreviouslysworn faithfully to report the evidence as stated to him by theregistrar or examniner; and a transcript of the shorthaand writer's or reporter'snotesn certified byhim to he correct, shall be admitted to ProVe the oral evidence of the witnesses, and he taken and used as evidence in the cause. "IX. The registrar may, if he shall think fit, in any reference made to him, either alone or with the merchants, allow witnesses to be produced before him for examination after they shall have been duly svorn to speak the truth, according to the mode and practice prevailing in the said court; and the evdence shall, if either party in the cause shall require it, be taken dow-n by a shorthand writer or reporter appointed by the Court, who shall be previously svworn faithfully to report the evidence as stated to him by the registrar; and a transcript of the shorthand writer's or reporter's notes, certified by hin to be correct, shall he admitted to prove the oral evidence of the witnesses, and be taken and used as evidence in an objection to the registrar's report on such reference. "X. The pleadings and proofs shall, in all contested suits, unless thej udge shall order to the contrary, be printed prior to the hearing thereof, and such printing shall be in such manner and form and under such regulations in regard to the cost and mode of printing the same as the judge of the said court may from time to time direct. "XI. These rules, orders, and regulations shall, if previously approved by Her Majesty in Coiincil, come into operation on the 1st day of January, 1856. "Witness my hand this 1st day of December, 1855. "STEPrasEx LuSshsGTox." "ORDER IN COlUNYCIL CONFSR3IMYG CERTALN RULES, ORDERS, AND REGULATIONS FOR THE HIGH COURT O0 AD5iERALTY Di REGARD TO LNSTA£NCE PROCEED- INGS:- " At the Court at Windsor, the 7th day of December, 1855 -present, the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty in Council; Whereas the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, nnder the provisions of an act passed in the session of Parliament held in the third and fourth years of Her Majesty's reign, entitled 'An tct to iniprove the Practice and extend the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty of England,' made and submitted to HerMajestyin Council certain rules, orders, and regulations respecting the practice and mode of proceeding in the said court, and the conduct and duties of the officers and practitioners therein in regard to instance proceedings; now, therefore, Her Majesty, having taken the said rules, orders, and regulations into consideration, is pleased, by and with the advice of her Privy Council, to approve and confirm the same, and the said rules, orders, andregulations (a copy whereof is hereunto annexed) are hereby approved and confirmed accordingly. "WXYhereof the judge, the registrar, and other officers of the said court, and al others whom it may concern, are to take notice and govern themselves accordingly. " C. C. GREVIIIE."J "'DIRECeONS LN REGARD TO PRIYTInG TIIE PROCEED. INGS IN INSYCE Oz CAUSES. "Whereas, by Her Majesty's order in Council, bearing date the 7th day of December, 1855, confirming certain rules, orders, and regulations for the High Couit of Admiralty in regard to instance proceedings, it is, among other things, ordered ' that the pleadings and proofs shall in all contested suits, unless the judge shall order to the contrary, be prited prior to the hearing thereof, and such printing shall he in such manner and form and under such regulations in regard to the cost and mode of printing the same as the judge of the said court may from time to time direct.' " Now, I, Stephen Lushington, Doctor of Laws, Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, do, in virtue of the powers thereby conferred upon me, direct that- "I L Proceedings to be printed in cases concluded after the Ist of January, 1856.-It shall not be necessary to print the proceedings in any case in which the pleadings have been concluded prior to the Ist day of January, 1856; but in all cases in wlhich the pleadings are concluded after that day the whole of the proceedings shall, muless the judge shal order to the contrary, be printed prior to the hearing, in accordance with the directions hereinafter given. "2. Plaintiff to print.-The printing shall, unless the Judge shal order to the contrary, be done at the expense of the plaintiff and under his directions or those of his proctor. "3. Plaintiff to be assigned to bring in printed copies.- In an act on petition cause, at the time of the proofs being brought in, and in a plea and proof cause, when both proctars d-eclare that they have no further witnesses to pro uce the plaintiff or his proctor shall be assigned, within the per-iods hereinafter mentioned, to bringinto court, mid at the same time to deliver to the defendant or his proctor, printed copies of the whole proceedings in the cause. " 4. Defendant to deliver copy of his pleadings and proofs tothe plaintiff. -To cnable the plaintiff to comply with such assignation, the defendant or his proctor shall, in an act on petition cause, at the time of bringing in the proofs, and in a plen and proof cause, within a week after both proctors shall have declared that they have no further witnesses to produce, deliver a correct and examined copy of his pleadingsandproofs to the plaintiff or his proctor, who shall fow iithaivange the whole of the proceedings and take immediate steps to have the same printed. "5. Plaintiff to deliver proof within three days.-Witbin three days from the time of the copies of the defendant's pleadings and proofs being delivered to the plaintiff or his proctor, the latter shall leave with the defendant or his proctor a printed proof of the whole proceedings, with a view to tho correction of the press. " 6. Defendant to return proof corrected within two days.-And if the defendant or his proctor shall not within two days from such time return to the plaintiff or his proctor the printed proof with the necessary corTections made therein, the plaintiff shall proceed to have the required number of copies struck off from his own corrected proof to enable hua to coniply vwith the assignation previously made upon him by the Court. " 7. Time allowed for bringing in printed papers.-In all ordinary cases, where the proceedings do not exceed ten printed sheets, the time within which the printed copies of the papers shall be brought in shall be, inan act on petition cause, within a week fromn the time of the proofs being brought in ; and, in. a plea and proof cause, within 14 days after both proctors shall have declared that thley have no further witnesses to produce - provided, nevertheless, that the Court may, whenever it stall see fit, allow £S-ther time for the purpose. "8. If printed copies not brought in Courtnmay dismiss the cause with eosts.-In case the plaintiff; or his hroctor, shall neglect or refuse to comuply With the s-ssignati6n4 the proctor, within the required timc, printed copies of the proceedings, the Court may, if it shall think fit, dismiss the cause vith costs. " 9. Style of printing.-With a view to insure uniformityin style, all cases shall be printed in pica type, with leads between the lines (4 to a pica thick), and the page shall be 40 ems wide, exclusive of marginal notes (if any), and 78 ems pica long. " 10. Charge for the samne.-The charge to be allowed on taxation for each sheet of four pages shall be,-If 50 copies are printed, 38s. per sheet; if 100, 40s. per sheet; if 150, 42s. persheet; if 200, 44s. per sheet; if 2E0, 46s. persheet; to include inside marginal figures to every 10th line; butno marginal notes will be allowecd for. "U1. Extra fortable-work.-Fortable-work anextraaUoowance shall be made as follows:-If in pica type, 5s. per page; small pica, 7s. per page; long prisiier, Jos. Gd. per page ; hut, in all cases where pica or small pica can be used for table work, a smaller type shall not be alowed for on taxation. "129. Charge to include everything.-The paper on wThich the proceedings are printed shall be fine demy, w;eighing not less than24lb. per ream, andthepricesmentioned above shall include all charges for printingP, paper, folding and stitchinz. and if a wirapper be required it shall be charged for as half a sheet. "13, Nlo allowance to be made for corrections.-As proctors will be allowed 2d. per folio for examnining the copies for the printer, no charge will be allowed on taxation for corrections. Whe prices given above will include the correction of all errors of type alising with the printer; and if any errors occur in the copies furnished to the printer the expense of correcting them must be borne by the party with vhom the same orig.inated. "14. Nhumber of copies ordinarily required.-The number of copies of the printed papers ordinarily required, -where there are but two parties to the suit, will be 150;viz., 50 for the Admiralty Court, of wvhich 10 shall be brought into the registry, and 20 delivered to the defendant or his proctor, and 100 additional for the Court of Appeal, which the p)laintiffor his proctor shall be bound to deliver in all cases of appeal free of all expense; and of which 60 shall be brought into the appeal registry and 20 delivered to the defendant or his proctor, and consequently the charge to be ordinarily allow ed on taxation wlln be 42s. per sheet, with extra for table-vwork. "15. Larger number of copies may sometimes be allowed. -Where there are more than two parties to asuit a proportionably larger number of copies shall be printed as well for the Admiralty Court as for the Court of Appeal, and a proportionally higher charme vill then be allowed on taxation according to the scale oi charges set forth inTaragraph 10. a" 16. P'roctors may employ any printer.-Proctors vill be at liberty to employ any printer w uom they may select, but in case the printing shoeld not be done exactly in the form and manner above prescribed, either they shall be bound to reprint the whole proceedings, or else they shall not be allowed on taxation any sum whatever for the printing. " S. LUSBINGTOX, Judge. Dated the 31st of December, 1855. " N.B. Messrs. Eyre and Spottiswoode, of East Hardingstreet; Messrs. Clowes .and Co., of Duke-street, Stamfordstreet, Blackfriars; and Messrs. Waterlow, of Birchinlane, city, are willing to print the proceedings within the times prescribed and at the prices stated above as those -which will be allowed on taxation."
SHIP NEWS. IM.- T.TV'P.PPnnT. At- IA Wind, S. TheOneco, hence, for Caleutta, was abandoned, Dee. 1, off St. Paurs Island: crew taken off by the James Allen (whaler), of Nlew Bedford, and landed at Fremantle, Dec. 21. Arrived.-The Ellen Maria, from Savanuah-the Lord Altborp, from Ariea-the PilotFish, from Rio Janeiro-the Lodore, fromlVorkington-the Rock Light and the WellSect, from Noew Orleans-the Noew World andthe lebster. from New York. Off the Port.-The Jamnes Pilkington, from Bombay-the H, Swvartoff, from Alexandria-the Oswego and the India, from Charlestonthe Crimea, from New Orleans-the Emma, from Mlelbourne-the Pninceza and the Bostonian, from the 3auritius-the Maria y Juana, from Havannah-the Spartan, from Mobile-the America, from Neow York-the Laces.edo, fron St. John's, New Branswick-the Clio. Sailed.-The dessina, for Boston-the Arerica, the Toronto, and the Mohawk, for Montreal-the Wolfe, for Halifax-the Selina, for Newfoundland-the Wizard King, for Calcutta-the JanePine, for Adelaide-the Ann Baldwin, for Valparaiso-the Queen of the Lakes, for Montreal. LorDoon, March 25.-Wind at noon B, moderate breeze, and cloudy. FPAolTurn. Mrarch 23.-Off the port, the Burlington, from Hongkong for London-the Eiza, from Sydney for London. Arrived, the Maasland, from 'Montevideo-the Lavinia, from Salonica-the Maize, from Athens-the rytjeFena, fomBatavia forRotterdam, rudder head sprung-the E Sehutz, from Charlestown for Bremen-the Maria Louise, from Havaunah- the Jemimna. the Queen Victoria. the Plantaganet, he Heinlieh der Ilger. the Union, the Ocean Queen. and the John Romilly, from Alexandria-the Emilie Felix, from Toulon -the Peace from Syra-the Rate, from Lisbon-the Moodkee, from Licata-the \lonntaineer, from Gergenti for Newcastle-the Duke of Cornwall, from Dublin-the Johanna Bertha, from Syr. BrITOL. March 25.-Arrived, the Queen, from Hayle. Sailed, the Juvema, for Cork-the Shamrock, for Havrrfordwest-the Cornwall, for Hayle-the Troubadour, for Liverpool-the Princess Royal, for Bideford-the Ceres, for Waterford. A.noRGo, IMIarch 9.-An English brig, coalladen, was stranded on the Sea,', on the 16th inst. GuAsD,ourx. Feb. 27.-The Caraquena, from Carmen for Favre, put in on the lth mist. leaky, with damage to hull and part of cargo throwin overboard. VAIuNc, March 22-The Zealous is ashore at Kerstendie, with main and miuenmasts cut away. 14 othervessels have bcen vreeked. GaRENoew, March 2k-The Vasco de Gama, from Glasgow for Lisbon, and the Concord, of Bangor, came in cont3ct last night off Cambraes; the latter vessel sunk, crew saved; the steamer, which saled yesterday, has put back, with considerable damage, the fore compartment being full of water. A.' Twnp, March 24.-The Splendid, from Havre for New York, ..s. put into the Bermudas, with serious damage to masts and rigging. GRAVESEND, lMkncn 25. (BY SuBaamnn- MS,D Erumrsic Ta=or.uAl (From Lloyd's.) 9 30 am.-Wind, E.; tide, 6 homes ebb; fresh. Arrived.-The Centurian, from Sydney-the Christopher and the Centipede, from St. Aichael's-the Providence, from Gravelines-the Terra Nova, f-om Drmm-the Eliza, from Palermo-tho Providence' from Alexandria -the Richard and Clara, from hMoss-the Aden, from Tabanka-theWilberforoe and the Pollux, from Hamburg. Sailed.-The Goldfnder, for Port Adelaide-the Corporation, for Lagos-the Mleledgean, for Leghorn-the Rhine, for Boulogne. 1 p.m.-Wind,.N.E. ; tide, 2 hours' food; fresh and fine. Arrived.-The Enighepen, from Christianssnd-the Diulgent, from Oporto. Sailed-The Dane, for Malta-the William, for Constantinople. 3 p.m.-Wind, E.; tide, 5 hours' fiood; cloudy.-NXoarrivals. 7 30 p.m.-Wind, N.E.; strong; tide 2D- hours' ebb; weather cloudv. Arrived.-Tle Pet, from St. Miehaels-the Alarm, from Tercehithe Maria, from Trieste-the Wilham Thomborrowv, from Guernsey1he Glenorehv,fromCalcutta-theChristiana-argaretha, fromLanreig -the Christiani Camell, from Port Louis-the Fanny, from Stettinthe Govolock, from Syra-the Eastem City and the Wenham, from Calcutta-the Caledonia, from Lokhen-t.he Doris, from Trieste-the Lihitning, from St. Michaels-and the Concordia, from Aalborg. Sailed-The Hanover, for Havre. Arrived March 24.-The Harpoon, the Leonne, and the Furet, from Gravelines-the Sophia, from Seville-the Gatina and the Acts, from St. Michael's. DEAl, MAnce 25. tBY SIm AeE AND P,Pne TnoasAEl.) (From Iloyd's.) 9 am.-Wind, E.; fresh. Passse-The Highland Mary, from Shields for Colera. Sailed.-The Edgar Atheling, for Singapore. Noen.-Wimd, B.; strong. Passed.-The Sir John Campbel, from London for Svmnsea. 2 p.m.-WVind, R.; strong and hazy. Passed.-A brig making 1,603, third pendant, from the north for Perol. 7 3S p.m.-Wind, E. byN.; fresh. Arrived and Anchored-The Bradore, from Terceira and the WlIhelmine, from Constantinople for London. Put Back.-The Domirnica, for Aberdeen. Passed on the 24th.-Tho Cumberland, from Shields for Calcutta. Reported in Channel March 24-The Magutha from Messina for Antwerp-the Elizabeth Ricardi, from Galatz for Amsterdam. Passed Dungeness on the 24th.-The Clenoreby, the Bastena City, and the Wenham from Calcutta, the Wilhelmine, from Constantinople, all for London. VF5ssRLS SPOsne WrnL The American ship Planter, Jan. 27, in lat. S S., long, 14 E. The Regina, from London for Calcutta, Feb. 4, in tat. 1 S., long. 25 W. The Evangelist, the Pantaloon, and the Charles Jackson outward bound, in lat. 23 N., 241. Th11e Oriental, from Calcutta for London, Dec. 18, in lat. 9 S., long. S6 E. The Blanche, from Bombay for Liverpool, Jan 29, in lat. 18 S., long. The Rosina, from Callao for Cork, Jan. 16, in 57 S.. long. 712W. The Talavera, from London bound southwvard, Feb. 10, in lat. 13 S., i American ship Northern. Rele, steering west, Mars 12, in lat. 40 N., 22WI. The Sylph, from ondon for Madras, Feb. 3. in lat. 6 N., long. 23W. The ida, for St. John's, iNewfoundland, Feb. 25, in Lt. 38 N., long. 25 W. *0The Lebanon. of Brixham, from Mazagan for Cork,, March 9, in lat. O N., long. 13WA. The Bombay Paclket, from Bonny for Liverpool, Marcha 12, in lat fi N., lat. 11 W. The Eizabeth Conway, from Liverpool for the West Indies, Feb. 22, in lat. 22 N., long. 35 V. The Surrey, of London, off the Cape of Good Hope, JanL ll. The Shand, from London for Cochin, Feb. 4, inlat. 1 N., long. 21 W. The Violet, from London for Adelaide, Feb. 5, in Lat. 2 N., long. 21WI, The Earl of Lonsdale, outward bounad, March 1, in lat. 40 X., long. 16 W. The Vandal, from Cape Town for London, Jan. 27, Isle of Ascenson The hluitland, from Southampton for New South wales, Feb. 5, in lit.2 N:, long. 21W. The Carnatc, from* London for Now Zealand, Dec. 12, 30 miles eact of kent's Group. The Sussex, from Melbourne for L,ondon. seas In company five dayE with tbe Dart, which leit Melbommne Dcc. iA, .and arrived at Sydney the 21st. HIGH WATER AT LON-DON BRBMGEfEltflS DAY. IXrcing .. 31 min. after 41 Afternoe _, S4.u'n after 4
W DDING ORDERS and IN'DIA OUTFITS xecuted in the first style offashlon. at Mrs. HAGGEB'sladiee ready-made Uinen,baby linen.and juvenile outfitting warehouse, 66, Edgeware-road. P.. Printed lists forw,-arded post free on applcation. 1s'LOUNCED JASPER and CHINTZ BAREGES, .L i £15a.6d the robe: flounced organdie muslins 10s 6d. - bargee de laines, Ifs. 6dL-At IING's 243, Regent-street. Pattorns sentPost MUSLINS of the PAST SEASONi.-The whole of the STOCK of the FRENCH MUSLIN COMPANY to be CLEARED OUT. at ridiculous prices for such goods. Patterns free. -16. Oxford-street. 'NIB OIDERED CHRISTIAN NAMES.- E. IA HIASO DE CHI , with Christian names embrolcered bythenuns of Pau, with the new dietetch needle. Price Is, id., I y post for 1I stamps.-JAMES IIEID, 16, Oxford-street. tILKS.-Cash will be paid on delivery for SILKS, Satins, Velvets, L,ace, Shals, Glovea, Ribands, Hose, tk. Manufacturers are requested to send samples or pattems and prices for minmecliate cash to JOHN HA V , SON, and Co., 9. Ludgate-hill. Fj OR LADIES.-The new fashionable SPRING MANTLES, of the Napoleon gray and other ooloured cloths, richly trimmed, at half-a-guinea each also. Jackets, for the house or promenade, at the same moderate charge.-The Warwick House Company, 142 and 14I, Regent-street, and 29. 30, and 31, Warwick-street. UITSLINS.-A large lot of last yeaf's FRENCH M VJ. PRINTED MUSLINS and BAREGES, at less thanl half price, coarner.cing at 4Ad. per yard. Pattems sent post free-BAER and CRISP, 22, Regent-street, London, N.B. The cheapest Swisv cambrics in the kingdom. T)ARIS.-19, rue des Lions, St. Paul. Mcaison des -ItuX Filtrdes.-Messrs. CrAJiMONT and BILLAULT, successors to } £r. Gauchet, beg to inform their numerous customers that theyhave at iresent a most extensive STOCK of the best choice SILK ndl other ATERIALS for furnitures, ancient tapestry, and silk curtains for drawing room. ILKS for the MILLION.-A STOCK, aino mting Sto,43,439, athalf-price. Rich glac silks, the vide vidth, in all the new coloiurs, l9; Gd the dress. Stripes amd chocks, Li 3s. 6d. thc dress. A large lot of handsome brocades new rich roods and wide width, at low prices. Now SELLING OFF, at HOOPEId and Co.'s, 52, Oxfordstreet. vilaW SPRl:NG SLKE,lS, from £1 5s. Gd. the full dress ;Frenchcambric, from 3s, ld, ditto; Swiss muslin, from 7s. 9d. ditto; real ValeniennesA lace. fros 31d. per yard. Patterns sent free to anypart-WHITEand Co., 192, Regent-street. Abeautifd assortment of novelties for Lie spring is unow prepared in eTery department. IUIJOUNCED SILK DRESSES, the cheapest and largest stock in London; also several hundred ich andfashionable long w-oven shawls, at2l and 31iguineas. never before sold under £5 and £7. are now on view at HARVEY, NICHOIS, and Co.'s, Knightsbridge. 1%IBROIDERY.- Mrs. ILCOCKSON', 44, E Goodge-street, Tottenham-cour'-road, has just received from Paris a large quantity of beautiful DESIGNS. which are now traced on superior jacconot and nainsook muslin, and wil be sent free on receipt of stamps to the amount; collars, plain or guipure, five stamps; collarettes. six; sleeves, 14; gauntlete, live, babit- hirs seven; hand. kerchiefs, 12; children's frocks, capes, a,. Ss. each. I NDIA SLAWLS.-FARMER and ROGERS re- spectfully announce that their e.xtensive establiehment contains the largest and most magnificent colection in England; comprising all tha latest designs in Cachmere, gold Delhi, Benares, Decca, and Laliore shawls and scarfs, the most economical and the most costly. All goods marked in plr figures. India shavls bought and exchanged. The great Shawl and Cloak Emporium. 17, 173, and 175, Regent-street. ELLING OFF.-Elegant MUSLINS, part of the stock of Messrs. Gros Odier Roman and Cie., lFench manufacturers, v.el known to be the choicest goods imported, bought at just half price for this season; aLso some of Messs. BHartmnan aud liFLs, a Paris, ruo du Sentier, No. 32, of last year's exhibition-; wth the largetstack of the mo.st beautiful British musins mauffacturedSEL;ING OFF, at 2s. Uld. the dress of eight yards. or any length cur at 4-d, the yard.-BOOPElR andCo., muslin merchants andmanufacturers, 52. Oxford-street: established 15136. h ESSRS. WILLIAMS and Co. beg respectfully to recommend to the notice of the nobility and their custoncrs a large STOCK of FRENCH SILKS and IIAREGE ROBES, to be disposed of by them on Monday next, and following days. Also an unimsual collection of novelties in Cou rt trains, flounced silks, chin6 silks, moire antiques, manUcts, shawls, bareges, muslins, and muslims de sie. will also be found vworthy of notice, these being sold in conr hion with the abeve stock at very moderate prices. Ladies in the country may have pattern s sent but as the silk stock ranges from one guinea to 30 guineas the dress, they will ensure a better assortment by describing price and colour. Patentees of the lloyal Tissue do Verre.-Wfiliiams and Co., Commerce tHouse, 60, 61, 62, Oxford-street; S, 4, and5, Wells-street. ", lS. BRAHAid's NEW SPRING BONNETS: 136, Oxford-street. They es-pass all others for stvle, comfort in fitting, and economy in price. Orders by post promptly executed. jUASHIONABLE PARISIAN BONNETS, in the JL best taste, by first-rate artistes, and of the best and nerest materials. Excellence vith economy. Spring bonnets, at 21a.L glam ditto, 16s. 6d.; mourning ditto, 14s. 6d.- bride's ditto, 21 s.- trides moid's ditto, 12s. Gd. A great variety on view atJ. and B SMFITH's show rooms 151 Regen-street. opposite Beak-street, inventors and patenteesof the Caspiato or folding bonnet, which packsinaboxtwo inches deep, and can also be had a the above pricee. Instructions for self-measurement sent post free. ARTIFICIAL FLOWERS in WREATHS, Dress Trimmings, and Head Dresses, of every desiption, for morniner, dinner,-or evening wear, in extensive and chbco variety, at G. W. JONES's,101, Oxford-street. Countryorders promptlyattendedto. BORSETS PLASTIQuIES combine ease, eleg-rance, and economy, with a guaranteed fit.-LaNport desdg cadmire Imnperiaie de decin de Paris, et de LaSocict6 di c SIdecinede Lyop nedailre d'oredne fcadeaie N,ationale d'4griculture, de Commserce, et des Arts a meedaille do platine de pr SociGtc drEncourtgenmeut.- Depot of the inventor, SS, l eri,yn-street. St. James's. Agent, ca, Brompton-rovw. FRiOSI ABBEY, alld Castle, and Tower-from rec- itor priory, vicarage, - and parsonage-from manse and g,angefrom palaces, and parks, and cottages and halls and homes of every class throughout the lad. notes of approval nrl from day to day ccceivedJby riesdam.esA butON and tITII), expressing admirataon of the strle, quality, accuracy of fit, and comfort of the RESILIET BOICEo aLnd C. RSaLeTTO di 1luEDICL These notes, their own-A evdence of veracity, are in volumes open to the inspection of visitors. Enlarged illustrated prospectun, price list, seli-measurement papers, do,, to any lady, post free. Acl com.try orders sent cars riage paidfor post free-esdmes iMnarion and raitlmnd, patentees 235, Oxfordt-street, opposite Park-lane. OUSEHOLJD and F!AM\ILY LINN (wholesale lprices).-fone but first-class Goods Sold at this Establlishment, nd payment not required tntil goods sent to order cr; received and fully approved of Some fet prices are here quoted, patterns of thich can be had :-AIr immense stock of table linen of every description; rich double danask ydoths, five yards long. 2eior, large dinner nap- dins, is. d. to 2We. per do; fish napkins, 2. 9eL toSs. per doz. brnekfast, Ss.6d. to lOs. Perdoz:and tray clots from 12s, d.,to 30s.Per dog. M .agnificent designs in the richest Irish ndn gearmandamask cloths from 1 to 10 guineas each, with napkins and side-cloths to match; slato linen sheeting for servants' use from 6s to tOs 9d. per pair; good IrsitLa sheeting from t If to 1o per pair, the finest golden flax ditto, from one to four yards wiide, suitable for the use of the nobility. Irish linen shirtings, ame-ableached, of equal warp and Freft, a good. ouality, 26 yards for 2Se,: superior, 26 yards for 35d.; extremely fine and durable, 26 yards for 42s.; long Loths and calico sheetings, real Welsh and Geirman flannels, toilet quilts, blankets, all kinds of glascloTS, tea-coths, cHos' robbers, toheling, nursery diapers, do, and every description of manufactures i geat abi dance sitble for kouAchold and domestiopemposes. Catalogues and samples poet free. Country ordersabeve£5 carriage free. References as to the aurability of linen sold by the Company are kindly pemfitted from nianyof the first families in the k-ingdom if required.-h;tional inen Company, 105. fleet-streCt, corner o Farrinedon and Fleet seetets, foot of Ludgate-hill. S HIRTS and COLLUA S.HR. B. KaILICe and Co.'s SHITs , mad from Hlorrocdses'hlong cloths, m f ithtlnen front, uae. six for 42s, Sft and work guaranteed. Inventors ofothe Piccadilly shirt collar, ls. Gd. per dozen.-7, Ludga:te-hilL, aREN eH SHIRTS.-Self-me,aspua ement Impossible. 12-.TBRIlE and Co., 43. Conduit street. Regent-street. The only Ps-r Medal awardedfor shirts at the GreatHIRlnbition, L)ROWNrs ENua SHIRlTS are the best and .3moelperfeotfitting shirts made. FiSrst quality, six for40s.; ascodnd 1aty, six for 31s. Gd; coloused shirts, madefror te nes regits tered colouned shiitigs,-X for 26s, Illustrated lists and directions for self-meanulement sent, post free, on application.-Thomaa Brown, 194, Strand. T FRtEE1.IASONTS.-For SHIRTS, T)erfect in fit. sneedlewvork, and material, apply at "the LODGE. in the Strand, ICes. 15and 16. Prices, six for Its.. Ils., lIe., or 4fs. Dressishirts, coloured dannel shirts, coloured beating shrts, ao., in every variety. Observe.-lSand 16, Strand. opposite the Golden Cross .loteL No business counexion vith any other " Lodge" in the kingdomL HOLIDAYS.-YOUNG GENTLEE AT CLOTHING. The best value obtainable, at T. MILlS and Co.s. 1 and 3, Aidpate, and 82. Lombard-street. THE GUI-NEA WADDED LOUNGIfG ROBE and DPESSING GOWN,\ forgentlemen and invalids; also printed Flannel Itobs- At RUTLA`N'D's hosiery and shirt establishment, 145, Oxford-street. 'WATAT 1NEXT, and NEXT ?-NIACHIN'I -M1ADE V CLOTHING,forgentlemenandouth, in every size design, and quality. Fixed prices. Cash terms.-T. MILLS and Co., 1 and 3, Aidgate; branch, 82, Lombard-street. [ CLERICAL COAT, price 35s.; black dooskin s trousers, 21s. ; speciaUy dyed for clerical use, much approved,FIANK SMITH and Co.'s ecclesiasticalwarkrGooms, 13, Southamptonstreet, Strand. An illUstrated catalogue of church furniture on receipt of four postage staumps. 0 YOU KEEP LIVERY SERVAX TS ?.- D DOUDN= Ps :liIVKEREP satien masters and servant&. Footman's suit, best quality, £3 3s. groom s suit, £3 lIN. PatronIzed by the Queen and Prince Albert.-Doudney's, 17, Old Bond-street; 25, Burlinston-arcade and 49, Lombard-street. Established 1754 HEE FORTY-SEVEN SHILLING SUITS made to L order from Scotch heather and Cheviot tweeds, all wool, and thorougbly shrunk, byP. BENJAMIN, merchant tailor, 74, Regentstreet. The Pelisser over-coats, 21s. andf2l, adaptedfor the season; tha two-guinea frock or dress Coats; the guinea dresstrousers, andSth half-guinea waistcoats. N.B. A perfect itt guaranteed. ACHINEMAIADE CLOTHING.-HEYA and to Co., r 6,Oxford-street. have consummated an important invention for the manufacture of CLOTHING, by v;hich the work of six hands is accomplished in the time of one. Even and al but invisible seam, hne-Elke reuarity of stitch, soldity, and beauty, are at once conspicuous. Separate w,orkshops are fitted up on the premises, and the extraordinary cheapnes of the articles may be judged of f-om the follov,3ingquotations:-New overcoats and capes, lGs.G6d to 42s., walking and lounging coats, 14s. Gd. to 35s.; newvly-invented self-adjusting trousers, 13e. Gd. to 21s.; vests, Is. Gd. to 12s. 6d. Juvenilo attire of every description equally rgood and advantageouls. . MILES and the 16s. TROUSERS.-The 7 tronsers orignated by him are patent to the world for their elasticity, durability, and superior cut.-62, New Bond-street-no other address. WOOLF and Co.'s TROUSER ALLIANCE, re- 6 ad7Vic., 0.65, an entirelywne and useful invention, which supersedes the use f themucomfortablobraco. It isfi tedin the intelior of theo aistcoat,andactsas a suspender to thetrousers, retains the waistcoat in its proper pOsition, and is found invaluable for riding. Price of trousers and waistcoat, fitted with the alliance, 25e. A mode of self-measurement sent, post free, on applcation, from Woolf and Co.'s outfitting warehouse, 59. Piecadill, opposite St. James's-street. 5EE KSYDNHA s TROUSERS and Messr sU SE, Brotheae-The Sydenbamn trouesers are fast acquiinug an European reputation. The best materials the self-adusting prin- ciples onwhiehthey are constructed, and the exceedingly lowpnrboo of 17s. Gd. a pair are their rcommendations. An immnense sate alone enables Samuel, Brothore, to use thetextureswhich they exclusively employ, d that sate they have secured. Quality and low pricoe (real cheapness obtained for them this patronage, and shall preservo it.- Samuel, Brothers. 2 ludgate-hilL. Patternsae, o,post free. FOR HHUNTING and RIDING.-TROUSERS and PATENT BELT-BAND SPRING DRAWERS, upon an insproved principle, which renders them extremely pleasant, vith or without braces or straps. The drawers for supporting the loins and abdomenin riding or other exercises, proventing r rop , checking oorpulency. and sunerseding the common belt. Made only by the inventor, S. K SALAMAX. breechesmaker and tailor, 19, Charing. cross. Army and navy outfits. TTWATER and Co.'s briiant BLACKING; unequalled for retaining its jet lustre, and preseiying andsoftening the leather, likewisethe highly-esteemied inodorous 'urniture Paste and Metal Snourers of De LaFosse et Cie. Retailed throughout the kdngdom.. Wholesale, Attwaterand Co., 28, Swinton-st., Gray's-inn-rd O FFICE FURNITURE.-The largest sto*, and cheapest house in London is at PRIESTs, 1eand 2. Tudursteet, Bridge-street, Blackfiiars where m aybe had every artile requisite for he offce, counting-house,boardroom, and hamebecs; new andseos- ald iron doo e., safems, and booeaases. Also an immesuse stodof fi c furiture, for the m ansion or the cottage; piaofortes, harps. biiliars.tahlec, with every article of general use, may be had at this OstSbllsient. Hoopses and offices ef furniture bought to anyanocint. LLtISTRATLD PRICED. CATALOGwUE of CAMZ P and O.013I FUThFI'RE of the best make and newestt designsi,sent POst freeonapplicasion from M£essrs.OOLF and Co. Pilortebla furnimtmure ciii tuvrers,4f5. Oldt Bnd-street, one door fromn Subytherueden- thn suse them. .entry, and most or the hatelkeepers t ,ro,ghotPe nobiity and Ini tial plate, Is.;- nae plafe, fa.; set of numbers, 2 h kingdom. WTATCHMAXERS and GOL1)SMITHS.__. UA`WEYS1 M,Oxford-street, and 284 Men Hoibomn(r 7 StruaundCovetytreet).-Elegant GOLD WATCH82 E'wela in four holes, horizontal uiovement, £3 IOs.; gold lever and duple~_ watches hihlyfinisbed fronm 12 gainea to 35 guineas; salverwtches.g jewelled in four holes, mniztaining Power. ribly eugavedcassaual dials, £2 5Ss, silver lever wathes, from £3 lSa. to lOguineas. Fine Gnld Chains. commencingat £1 Jos. each. 1)ATENT GOLD ~~LEYERS o nly £4iS ac at .Lwrrate.-D ERand KIHBLI areSEL GOFtermandr f her areSTOCKof GOLD WATCF tteaoeis roenelyredued ric: also &few silver levers, at f2is ah o. wardd t anypar ofthe country at a charge of Is. ec xr-le and Kbble 22,Gracchurh.steet,city. ESRS. LE O and SON, chronomaeter watc-h, ,LLand clock manufcuesto the French Admiralty, 13 and 15,, Gales-jo iontpensior, r'alais Rtoyal, tD -whum two meda1s have beeas awarded at the last raris Universal Exhibition, bog to inform theirnumerous patrons thatI they have opened a BILANCH ESTABLISH.. WAENT, 296, Regent-street, Learly oppositei.he PolytechnieItstitution where wMl be found the same choice assortment of goods, and at th; same terms, as in Pais. ADE~NT, 61, Strandl, and 34 anud 35, Royal Ex- a change, Chronometer, Watch, and Clock Maker by ppoibnienS to the Queen and Prince Albert, sole suocemsor to the late RJ. Dent, In all his patcyt rights and busin-eu at the above shops, and at tho clock and compass factory at Somnerset-wharf maker of chronometers, watches astronossacA, turret, and ot-her clocks di leidoscopes, andt patent ships' compasses (used on boaLrd Her =ajesWyacht~. ladices, gold watches 8 guineas; gentlemen's, 10 guineas; strong silver l"eve watches, £6 6s, ; church clocks, with compenstion Pendulumn, £83. 1I~XCELENE BJOTERIE COURANTE.-. L~4abrque Speiui-ATHIISONand BROGDEN havin beenbonord wih ifirst-class Medal at the P'ari, Universal Exhibition, accempane by the above flattering testimonial, respectfully invito the public to an inspection of their GOLD) CHAIINS and extensivel assrtment of JEW LLERIY.-Watherstem and Bro&den, ~,cldsmlths g manufactory, 16, Henrietta-street, Cov!ent gcden stbaedAD 1798. N.B. Assays madeof chaius and jeweuery or Is.each. "NE GUINsEA SOLID GOLD GUARDf CHAIN-S, - warranted&-Solid gold guard chains, weighing one sov ereign, XI ls.: lSirov., 'Il10s, ; two gov& ,,3 thr-eesovs.,Z3 ; four sova.,£; soli:dgol(fAlberts, from2le,:avarietyofmnew gold bracelets and neck~lacs, romha,toSOs; te nwet dsigns in as-Inlts set with bril. la-uls, Pearls. carbuncles and turquoises, from £3 lBs. Gd, to £10 lOsthe new hoop ear-inags, in great variety, from Is, Cd to I2S: ; geid pencil-cases, 2. Cxl. each ; silver ditto, Is. - gold broocebe, gem and± signet rings in every7 style.-Al. ANDRINE CA MPlBELL' manuIActory. 43, Tottenhain-court-road. Fa-tahblshed 30 years INE OLD~jHINSand FINE G3OL-D JEWVEL: sieadeeastasortment of fine gold neckand guard chalns, Albert chains andL seals, embracing every description of pattern. THe prices varying from 303. up to £18 lIes. The nalty of the goldwarTantedj* In thefie gold.jewcuery- deatmn ui found every article usually contained in this branch of manufacture. The patterns ar the newest, and the prices very reduced. For afuller description,andfor drawings and prices, anew and enlarged book has justbeen published_. and which ca be obtained by personal or written application. Sari and Sons. manufactur-ing jewellers, 17 and If. Corsalill. 'N.B. J Sarl and Sons takec the present opportunity of inform thin fli ta they have relinquished their establishment at S, Poultry, und that thoe vhole of their business is now carried on at. 17 and 18, Cornbill, oppo. site the Royal Evehiange. A.SIMP602', froma Aleassi. Rowe].],James,and 0 o.s.-T. 1IL SIIIPSON- and Co, inapectors of Parisian andi other foreign works of art, bog to announZce to their patrons, friends, and the public generally that they have P111chased the whole of that elegant STOCIi, atl34, Yegent-street, (corner of Beak--streeti tos-hiIh they have made, and are stil making, considerable avlditions in JEIVELLERY of every description, -watches, clocks, dressing-ens-es and omaments for the drawing room and library, in walnut and other woods. or-mouln. bronzes, tortoiseshell, mother.o'-pearl, papier machO, &c., saitable for weddhig and other presents; and they have nowr onTe of the best and most b~eauiu assortments of novelties, of British sand foreign manufacture, ever.submitted to the notiel, of the public. T. A. Simpson and Co. resp~ectfully beg the favour of an early in-spection,-. 1I4. Regent-street. (corner of Beak-street). T)LTE-A,B.SAVORYandSons,onanufaeturlul Lsiiversmihs, U and12, CorAhill London oppste i Bank Engand-Te bst roght fiddle pattr SILYn SPOON,S andi FOitS.a Ps.48.perounce; ditto, Q,ueen's pattern ditto, 7s. 6d. per ounce Thefollwingare theweightin general use, but the arcticis maye hd igher r eavier at te same price per ounce:- FiddlePatern, us, d. 8. . d. jQneen'sPattemnoz. a. d. £ &d, lTaeSon30at7 4 U1 00 1-2 Table Spooms40 at7 6 15 00D 12Desordtt0 7 47 6 S 12lesselt dit-o 25 7 69 7G 12aleok 30 7 411 00 12TableForlas 40 7 615 )00 12le 20ditol 7 47 68 1122 Dssert ditto 25 7 69 76 2 Gravypons0 7 4313 4 IGravySnoonsI29 764 10 0 lSoupI,de10 7 4 313 4 -1SoupI 1e 7 64 2 6 4 Saucedsto10 7 10 318 iaue ditto 12 8 04 16 0 SaltS 'imon gilt) 10 0 4 SaltSgonslstro ilt- 2 2 6 I Fsh hepsrcdI. 200 iFsh. Slie (pies-cod) 2 3 0 ItTeaSpoons10 710 3184l2.Tea Spoons 14 8 0 5312 0 iPairugar Togs .. 0130 iairSugarTongs .. 1 5 0 'The Guide to the extensive Stock in t-he chow rooms contahins tho weights and descriptions of silver plate, with copious information rospectir-' Shefrield or electro-plated ware, illustrated -with engraving. It may te had gralis, or will be forwarded, post fre,. on application. PLECTRO-SILVER PLATE, ofsprirmnufac. E tu re, the qualsty guaraniteed, Table sonorfk. 1.prdoz.: dessert ditto, SOs.; tea spons, 1is.; teIndcfeessrie, :3U. cretfams -is; pickle frms S. iufra rames, 535. corner dishers,£ mO;. pe et; dish covers, £14 O.prst.Mnfcne by J. PARKI~Er4,S. Lurlinctun-arcrede, icail T]ELRINGTON and Co., Patentees o~f thc Electro. .14Plate, manufacturing silversmiths, bronristis, Ae,, beg to initimate that they have added to their extensive stock a las-go variely of NIEW D)ESIG.NS in the highest class of art, whichlhavrerecently obtained for them at theParia Exhibition thedecom-tien of the cross of theleg;ionof Honour,naswellasthe GraujdeMeda.lfled'Hoonxeur(the onlyon3eaccor-ded tothe trade). The Council Mledalwas also awarded to thematthe Exhibition inl185. Each aricle bears their mark, ,and Co.,uinder a Crown, and articles sold as being plated by Elkington's Patent Procese afford no gua-antee of quality.-22, Regent-street, and 45,2doorgatostreet, London:. and at their manufactory, Newbhalistreet, Bhining. ham. Estimates and drawings sent free by post. Re-pllatingand giding. TPHIE PERFECT SUB3STITUTE for SILVER.-. JLTheOreal fICKELSILVER,introduced 20 years a1.obywrr.Iv.r& S. BURTONT, whenplated by thetpatent process of M essrs. Elkingtuc and Co., is beyondal comparison th very best article next to sterling silver that can be employed as such, either usefully or o-nameutally,a by no possible test can it be itnuse rmra ivr Fiddle Patr,TradPten ing's PRttenzl. Tea Spoons, per dozen If. . 26s. 3. ie, Dessert Forks .. .. 0s. . 40k. . 6s DesgertSpons .. Ss, 42s. . 40s. Table Fork . . 4O3, .. SC, is. Table Spoons.. . 41s. .. iS, . O The new Brunswick pattern the same price as the thread, Tea and coffee rots,waiters, candlesticks, tc., at proportionate priocu All linds of re-plating done by the patent poes Chymiically lpure Nickel, not Plated. Fiddle. Thread. King'4 !Lable Spoons and Forks, full size, per dozen M&s 28s, Zos. Dessert ditto and ditto .. . . .105. ha1. lOs. Tea ditto ad .. . .s. ns. 3Us, The altemtious and ditions; th eme extensive premises (already bj far the largest in Europe), which occupied the whiole of last year. are of such a character that the entire ofeighthbonesis devotedto the dlsplayof tlemno-tniagnificentstock of generalbhouse iroanmongery(mmclnding cutlery, nickel silver, plated goodsq bathis,brushes andtarnery. lamps and gaseliers, iron andbrassbedstaA sd bedding), soarraugedi in 1 lage cow oom us o afordto artesfunisingfacailites iss the seectio of gods tht canot behoped or elewhe1.1I1lstrated catlonesset perpot) re,-9, xfrd-tret 1,Ia 2 and 3. New.- an eesBOUGHT. The D DSIi2 I PAT onRCHSE for CASE-ININEY DVAN onev ery p pro perty by W. VINCENT, pawnbrolker and jeweller, 18,Qen-bid ings, Knightsbridge, Established 1820. MJ_OURNING ENVELOPES, 6cd. per ~1UOcran £Llaid and cemented ; mourning noet pa p r. fiv,e quires for is., full size, any width of border, and cream laid; bordered India note and letter papers * 20 dlifferent kinds of mourning stationes-y.-PAI.t KIS and GOTT6 ( ona dde], manufacturers, 24and 25, Oxford-st . _'hOLB's VEDDILNG CARDS, Wedding Enve. ,L lopos, anf Invitations to the C:eremony anni Bieakfiist, in the present fnshiion.-lIL DoiFy keeps in stocknote paper andl envelopes. ready stampedwlNth the crests of more than 10,000 5""ies.-56, Regent's Quadrant. rJUMEVE-POITEDHOUSE is BAXTER`4, TL 7 Strand, where may be seen the largest stock in London of 9OrI)klia GOLD5and SILVERTPENCIL-CASES, varying inpucoa from 2,s, 6d. to 30 guLineas: and everlasting gold pes rm Se, to 3Cx,, warranted to suit any handwriting, and exchangedifnotaprvd HYDE's BRITISH EMPIRE INKS.-` I find teenksdo notthaicken agordinay inks: theyacreveryfloid. ~peedily become an intense and abiding_black, and do not corrode steel renw."-AndrewUr-e,M.LD., F.R.S. 1Elea.e order of yourstationer.- Manufactory, 61, Fleet-street, T'RESSING UASES.-At Mr. MECHI-s establishJ.kJ monts, 112, Regent-street, 4, Leadenhall-street, and Crystal Palace, are exibuited the finom-t specimens of B3ritish manufactures in DRESSIN-AE,work-boxes, writing-cases, dressing begs and other articles of utility or luxury, suitable for presentation, A separate department for papier mnachsO manufactures anud bagatelle tables. Table cutlery, rawors, scissrs, penknives, strop-, paste, &c, Shipping orders executed. Same prices charged 'tt all the es-tablishments. ST VOK_QA27SIPand MfATERIALS at BE46 Co-bil haDESPATCH-BOXES, writing-cases, travelling dressing-casees anio bags, envelope case and blotters pocket-hooks, wallets, bell-eases, purses, &o. A large assortment of Bibles Plrayer. books, and Church serrieos.-WATSON anlWILIA S. 46.Cornhuil PALPERHANGINGS. -The cheapest houise in L5 ondon for everymown styleof paperhangings is CROSSas-bole. sale warehouse, 22, Gmeat Portand-street, Oxford-street, 'whero the public andthe' trade are supplied from the most extensireaw-octmeat In the k-ingdom, commenching t 12 yardls for 6d. P 3APERHANGINGS and PAINEL DECORA--TIONS, in new and fashionable designs, for drawing room.,fin,in, room, and libraries, fsrom 4d. lpryard; flock papers, from 3].id. pes-y-rdsatin,from lId, per yard; sitting room papers, from 1a. per yard ; bEa[ room, from Ad. Per y-ard ; ttic papers, from id. per yard; oaks and mrntMs from ld, per yard. Patterns; senlt for approraL to aliparts of the ffk.ingdm at C. CONINZ R'sV . od -e, tabllsni. edw .rh onse,4a3, ech .rch . t. PARISIA-N PAPERHANGINGS and INTERIOIt DIECORATIONR.-JACKSON and GRAHAMN invite the atte3n. tio o th nbiityan getr t thirextnsveSTOCK, which coinpat-esthenewst nd estprouctonsof ll hemost eminent Paria-j manuactuers.Numrousspecmensmaybe seen fitted up) in the showroom, sitabe fr th drwinganddining room, library, at chabe, tgehe wih rtiti dcortinsof the highest class,W. ~1ANTED, LEFT-OFF WEARING APPARELI; WVfor exportation, of every description, good os-inferior, in large orsmnall quantities A liberal price given. Fa",milies waited on by addessing letters to Mrs. DAY, at the lbary, 5, Upiper Southwick-street, Cambridge-terrae, Edgewaro-road. T~ANTED, for Australia, L-ADIES' and GENWT TLEMES's LEF-OFF WEARING APPAREI, ke,, of eves-p description and any quantity. Lvaicsandgentlemen waited onatanap time or distance, by addr-essing, pro-paLid. to Mr. or MmrsPHILLIs. 31, 'Thayer-sir,eet,APianch-ster-square. Established 30 ears W~ANTED, for Australia, LEFT-OFF CLOTHES. V -Establshed 30 7earca-Mrs. GL.ASER (orforeman) conniattes 11PtICHASE every kind ofILA IES'`and GENTT.E3IE_qsWEAJ~. ING ArlAREL. FrAMileSWaitedonatanytlme or distaacebraddsteF,. lag letters, pre-paid, to 20, Great Titc hfeld-street, Cavendish-iqulare. WTANTED, LEFT-OFF CLOTHES.-_Mss WOOD- is in WAiTof ladies', gentlemen's, and children's LEFT-OFTF APPAREL, of every description, in large or small quantities. Miss lV.hawsremoved from 221, Regent-street, to5fi, wherealletters, &c., mnust be addressed. W TANTED LADIES', Gentlemen's, and Children's. in LEFT-0F9 WEARING APPAREl of every description, and In any quantity. Ladies and gentlemen waited on at any time or dis. tance, by addrestus, pre-paid, to Mir. or Ms-.UTCINSO, 17, Dean-street. High Holborn: established 1810. UT &NTED, LEFT-OFF CLOTHES,for eporta V tion.-Iadses or gentlemen will be vaited on at any time or distance, and have the highest price given for LjEFT-OFF1 CLOTHES. of all descriptions, by addressig to Mr or M . HAIS, clothiers. 10, Tyler-street, Regent-street, Establshed 31 years, W ANTED, LEFT-OFF CLOTHES, for Austral win good or inferior condation.-Mr. and Mr. JOHN ISAAC. colonial clothiers, 319 and 320, Strand, opposite Somerset-house, continue givin"the highest price in cash for LADES', Gentlemen'?s, and Uhildrenl'sVEAIISNGAPPAREI4 to. Letters addres6ed as abovefor any day orsdistance most punctually attended to. Established 48 years. TANTED, LEFT-OFF CLOTHES, for exporta. VV tion.-Mr. and Ms HART still continue giving the highest ricoe in cash for every description of LADIES' or GENTLEMEN's VEAREaG APPAREI. Ladies or gentlemen having any of thn above for sale, in any quantities or condition, will be punctutlly waitec on at their residences, any day or distance, by a letter addressed to Mr. o r, Hart, 31, Newcastle-street, Straud. e ts'blishedlSOl. ANTED, LEFT-OFF CLOTHES, for exporta- Vtion,-tesrs. LAVKY (sucoessors to less, Sanders, of 251, Stma), bg t acqain lades udgetieen that they give the most beralprice, in cash, fDotr everey dscripDtioenofLEFT-O7 CLOThFmS. Ladles os-gentlemen blaring anuy of the above to dispose of will be punc tually wa-ted on at their residence, by letter being addressed to ,fr. or Is lavy, wvholesale clothialrs, 251, Strnd, opposite Twviningsd banking eslabhishment; or 341, Strand, near Waterloo-bridge. Established 45 years.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~;,bha4 L A)IES' WVARDBROBE REPOSITORY, 51, Paddingion-street, St. Plasylebone: established 44 years.-Mrs. ANDREWS wishes to inform her friends that she PURCHASE LDIS' and CHILDREN's LEIT-OFF WEARIG APPAREL. Mrs A. will wait upon ladies at any time. J~ DIE' WRDOEE.-Ms,CLARKE and Co. eg o drecttheattntio oflades to their private roomsn forthePURHAS an SLE f SCON-HADVEARING APPAEL f evry esciptin, adle Watedupon at say time Olt I ~~~~~~~~~heiv- itbe prepaild,-51,
SALES BY AUCTION. -TWas of Willam Carpenter, brq. AESSRS. FOSTER and SOY wil SELL by'AUTC. TIJd tM 't ler 5, l-all To-moevow, MArch 7, t 1. by dIrction oF the Truses a COL;LE(SrIONf of ITrAlAN ba5 Dnteh, lElemish, gad Rglish 1PICTURES, amongS which irili loousrexecellent works, Including specimens of the followinu t,oersvtheir scholar, 'six.;-. zVvlcqes Guido Dc Gelder Old Cuyp Au.llo Valentino Pt Berghem A. CaOne Glauber Snyders TBeteshaten Spvgnoletto R. 3fengs Begyn Vau Uden. ec iewedwtwo days rier, when catalogues maybehad at Mess Foster's offices, 5f Pil-mal eall-maIL-Antique China, old Ruby Glass, Clocks, Carved Ivores, &c.. from Copenhagen. TfESSRS. FOSTER and; SON are directed by the M movefroratheAlbto SELLLbyUAUTTION, atttheGallery. 5l Pal-mall on Eaiday. Mach 2S, at 1 recisely, an IPOP,TATION of wellchosen OBiJECTS of ARtT and VSTIJ, porcelain, &c., including DresdeNI, STURes, and Gertan china, Wedgw ood arse. Palissy end itffael ware, earved ivories, uby glass, clocks. ornasbents, bd. May be viewed, and catalooues had of Messrs. Foster. 54m Faill-mlU. Bond-streeos-eousehold Furniture, nearly new. -tESSRS. FOSTER and SON are dbrected to AtI remove fromt the Albany and SELl by AUCTI N, at the Rosqua, 21. Old Bond-street, on Sateuday. March 29. at l precisely, clfeRrenItUE; two Turkeacapnets, two open bookeases, aih easy aifa in morocco, easy chairs, dining tables, chimney glasses brass bedsteads teOn ve one day M rior. and catalogues bad of Messrs. rostor useo Eon, 54. Pall-mall. Duke-street, Grosvenor-square:-aell secred incomte of £4 2 ay,sr. 1,fESSRS. FOSTER anEd SON Will SELL by AUC- W I TION, at the Mart, on atuesday, April 15, at 12. a very good LEosASEubOLIt a HOuSE and Sh OP, 19. Duke-street, GroSvenosquare, close toOy ord-street; let on lease for 21 years from 1851. at a clear rent of£20 pter annuam, and held by a ground lease. whichelpires in 1S78, at '-8. Particulars maytbe had, sr das before teo sfale, at the lmart of pessrs. Fielder, Johnsoni and bMaster, solicitors, 22 Duke street, Grosvenor-sqare: and of Messrs. Foster. 64, Pal-ush. Fireehold Houses and Shops, in the city of london, let on leases. E,SSRS. FOSTER and SON will SELL by AUC- R ech TION, at the Auction dLart on Tuesday, April 15. at 12. in two lots, the followingt desirable FItEEHOLD PROPEltTIES, viz. :-A most substantial Hiouse and Shop, No. 46. on the north side of Skinnerstreet, in the city of London; let on lease to. and in the occupation oT, MeesrsBuhrer,f or aterm of -years. Lot 2. A substantial House and Shop, at the back of the formerlot, andbein No.f3, Snovhille let on lease to, andinthe ocuepation of, Messrs.Webb. For ay tern of-sears. These houses present excellent investmrents, and produce a eUl-secured income of £2o0 per anrnum. Mgbe viewed bypermission of the tenrats; and particulars had at the Mart; of Dessr Garrard and James, seiitors, Suwfolk-street, Pall-mall east; and of tess s. Foster and Son, 5ib Pall-calls areeholds, Orchard-street and St. nna-cstneet. Westminster, and Pohn- cies in the Pelican Life office n ,TESS NORTON, HOGGART, and TRISt inform thepublic that the SALE of theabovc PROPERPNDntillFriday. April IS.-Old Broad-street. Mtarch 26. Freehold PResidence, Statues-, with four acreDs, and Leasebolds, Camdenl- town. producing £143 per annum. MR.C. PLARTON's SALE, TbIS DAY, at the Mseart, will take pFlace, at 12 fori prechely,inssix lots, of the above desirable PROPERTIES, for occupation or investment. Particulars at2the Mart; ,-nd of ir.ca Warton.auctioneer.md estteagert.7,Tunion. couLrt, Old Broad-street. removed from Threadneedle-street. SmallCellarWof choice ine thetPropertkof amGentlema MSSRS T BULLOCE are directed to SELL, at Otheir creat ooms, 211, High R olborn. on Saturday next, at 3 for 4. a,bout 60 dozen of very fine OLD PORT WINE, in pint and half-pint bottles, 10 dozen in quats; 10 dozen Gold Sberry; and a few lots of pale brandy. Catalogues three days prier. Samples on payment. Taunton. Somerset.-Business Premises. 'RPOLLARD will SELL by AUCTION, at r ellttton's Castle Hotel, TauntonT, on Tuesday, April 1. at 6, aol that cawital DWELLING-HOUSE and SeOP, with newly-built warehoutes in Fore-street, Tauoten, beimg the best situate and moat eligzible business premises in he town, Adso a Policy of Life Asunoce for t,200. For particulfars apply to Mr. o. wossiter. solifter. Taunteu. Weekl rPrtpertyb-Peckbah L "5R-G H. MLARTIN is instrtscted to SELL by Wel0 AUCTmION, at the urosemary Branch Tavern, Peckharn on Wednesday next. AprlN 2, at 3 in the afternoon, in one or nore iots. N 1E HuUSES, helBdfor a lon, termr at a moderate gro2 nd rent, and produCng about n l0 per annum. Theyowill be sold a bArgain, the eisner having nO time to attend to them. Viewable. Particulars and conditions at the RSosemary Branch, and at hlr. G. H, Mfartin's auction fftces, 84 and 85, Cowerosb-street, Smithfield. Mattinley nud Haxoeley-heath, c ant .-Priane Navy Timber. Jt. SPTICEV will SELL L by AUCTION, at the Wellingeton Arms SS, Stratfield Turgis. on Fridad. the 2Sth of Mfarch. at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, 4A2 sruperior OAK TLABGE TREES, with their lop, top, and bark. 73 capital ash and u elm trees, with their lop, all standring on MFattingley Farm, and lands at HUazeley- eatln The timber in of excellent quaity, fine plank,d well adapted for ihipbuilding; is lose to good road wv elt worthv the notice of timber merchants, shipuilders, and others. To view the timber apply to G fr. Clarke, at Mkttisgley Farm, of whom and of Gr. Paico, u uLtioneer, BasingEtoke, particulars BaLybe bad. Well-made modemn Furniture and Effects, removed from Claremont- ol-har.GEO. r OBINSON rill SELL, at his Rooms h a21,1d Bond-streetm To-mornw, Mharch 27. at1l2, FU3aNIT3IR kc, which includes handsome mahogany four post rnd Arabian bed steads and fucsitures, bedding, chests of dratWer, wimged and other wArdrobes, marble-top wdasdthnds and dresrsin tables, rosew.ood dra. oig room furnitue, a e. octave cabinet pianoforte by BroaN wond and Eons, carpets, curtains, fenders and fire-irons, china and glass, a few books, minitures,and effes Mh ybeviewedtheAday pr9or andcata log>ueshad. ihscellaneous Sale. 1T. J. 0. STEVENS will SELL by A UCTION, at J13 his Great Room, o8, Ring-street. Covent-ol den. on Friday, t atarch 2S. at I precisely, a MISCELLNEOUS ASElyBLAGe, conesstin of microscones, air pumps, and other apparatus, bagatelle board, chamber organ, roewrood show case, teakwood bookcase, collection ofmineras, foossls, shells, stuffed birds dried plantT , book,tin aluding Gould's Century of Birds from the HimalBta Lusdanshi engraviEgs, pictures, andafvriety of other articles. May beviewedon the day prtdr, and cataloguesahad. Great Ma3rlow, Buckcs.-By Messrs. ROL1;S, at the Grayhound Inn Great ofarlow., on donday, March 31, at 3, in l0 lots, AALUABLE Freehold Building- Laud, close to the townu. Apply to M1essrs Rolls. G'reat Mlarlow. CooTaham. Berks-Eligible Building 13ndc-By Miessrs. ROuLS, at the rhaway Tavern. Cookhamgon Thursday, April 3, at 3 o'lock, moIX PIots of Freehold t tand, near the river Thames, p and close to the Cooham Station, Great Westem Railway. Apply to Mressrs. RolLs Great Marlowi At Leamington.-Byorderof theExecutors of theRight Hon. Conttess of Farnh3m, deceas.-By 3Tessrs. WHITE: gad SON, on Mlonday, Tnesday, andWednesday. Ma1rch 31, April l land 2, and on monday Tucesday, Wednesday, andThursday, April 7, 8,a9, and 10, T nlHREE Thousand Three Hundred ounces of rich Silver Plate, library of books, and hoousehold furniture. On view the Fridxyand Saturday. M3rch 28 anud 29e Plat only on view the Friday, March 28, from 10 tilS,S Admission by catalogues only (6d. eache, tobe obtained from MnessrsWhite and Son, prodicial estate and bcuse agency offices. 33, Parade, Leamingion, }?late, Winmes, eooks; Furniture, &c,-By J. 3!L POTT. of Nottingham, at the Es, Frampton, three miles from Boston, Lincolnsho rrffE Effects of B. Kendrick, Esq., a banrirupt.- _Order of Sale :-Miondny, Ma3rch 31.-Furniture, Glass, and China. uesday, Aprill .-Beoks, 140 dozen of choice wines, 600 ouncesof silver, handsome plted goodse, carriages. &e. Wednesday April2.- Funiture. Thursday. APril 3.-Lnuen aud Furniture. Catalogues may amowbe bad on appicationto the auctioneer, Nottingham, enclosing shc lostage stamps, Ilemoved from NottingdL-hilh oden Frnriture, Plate, seawellery, and. Effects, ~ ~ diL bars SR KAW KINGS ailI SELL,atKis iRooms,6,Lisson- I EU grove. atarylebonei on Friday, March 23 at 32 for I, the genuine FIBURITUhE ce., includgan sets of dining. leo, and otber tab es, seo ef chirs, iofas, conches, ecimney and toilet glasses, bookeases, enOt6sedicdeboard, tareophagun, curtais, carPets, 120eas plate, diamond and neari rugs, brooches, bracelets, &e., a few pictures, ornamental items, Arabian bedsteads, and=eddTIg winged andotherwardrobes. drawers, wash-stands, air bed, unveresal bath, to o garden engines and Mvaneous effects. On vie; on Thuisday after 2, and morning of sale, and catalogues had. Sussex-square.-The remaining Furniture of a gentleman removing. RjESSRS. GADSIDEN, WIanTERFLOODL and ,lt,L by hAve reeIO-ed instruetions to SEtL byasUCThON, on THOemreMises S a on WednesdayOApriL 2,EatS12,;hapi HOSEHU~ FURNIURE, comprising mahogany winged and etbier wtardrobes, bedsteads and bed chamber appendages, drawing room uitoe nwhite andgold, cha.ered in crimeson satin, aso roseeood chairs covred en suite, coole chimney and pier glasses and pier tables, cutflass chandeliers, suite of dining room furniture, Brussels anKd other arp-ets, fenders and ire-irons. kitchen requisites, and various other effects. May be viewed the day previously and monng of sale. Catalogues may be had at Messrs. Gadsden, Wi£nterfiuod, and lls's offlces, Ie, Old Broad-stree4d city. Southivarlc-To Builders. Slaters, Carpenters, Building- Material *00d9Z- f frstcbDealers, and others. 1 R. PEAXE is favouLred with in.strucktions to SELL Vjk by AUCTION, on the Premises, Fashion-street, Dockhendo Tom 'orrowH ach 27, at 12, wfithout the least reserve, 60 tons of &,ATES. (princesses, duchesses, countee c, aLso a quantity of loose buildinzg materiaLs, comprinng doors and frames, sashes, quarter. ag, mahogany shop front, and shutters, joists, quantity dealtbeards, ICOon 0kpests, scanUling-. and other oak, with a variety of useful matenials. Ma,ybe viewed the momingof sale, and catalogues obtained of J. H. Anthony, Esq., solicitor, 36, Nicholase-tane, and at Mfr. Peaks's offlces, 4, Tooley-street, Southwiark. Supror Mfodern Fnrnituro.-Qusllty-court, ChancerY-lane M1E SSBS. PRICE and CaRK wil SELL by JJAU>CTION, at their Rooms, as above, on Friday. MIarch28S. at 12 for 1, elegant ROSEWOOD and WALNUJT-TitER CHEFFOIqIERS, wvith marble-tops and plate-glass backs, chimnmey glasses of Iare dimensions, wanlnuttrec centre and work tables, tapestry carpets, v. ti-ctave cottage piano by Stodart, couches, easychairs, what-not, ainner wa3ggons, dminmg tables, and chairs in setS, bookcases, library tables, Iron chest bookSz paintings, china and glass, mahogany-bedstendsandclean bedding. Spanish mahoganywinged wrrobe, marbletop 'wash-stands, cheval glassefs, chests of drawers, and asnulemus miselneous items, Ma3y be viewved, end c3atsogues'whsd at the auelion ofiEce5, 45, Chancery-lane Walthamstow;.-.Sxcellent Furniture, Out-door Atrticles, Pony Chaise, and Harness, and Miscellaneous Effects. M9ESSRS. HUMAPHRBEYS and WALLENT will To-mrrow by AUJCTION, on the Premises, near St. Jam1esb Church, T-n orow March 27, at 12, the HIOUSEHOLD EFFECTS' * om- I prising four-post and other bedsteads, good bedding, excellengward. robe, and other usual chamber furniture; a pedestal sideboard, dinnmg tables, cheais, couches, be,, rosew ood leo and card tables, chimn3ey glas, kitchen requstes, l.o; al3so the out-door articles, comprisingf gates, fencing, m elon boxes, garden tools, a weighing machine and weights, a Basker's patent mangle, and various items; a* a10 neat pony dennett and harness. To be viewed the day previous and morning of sale. Cat31cgues to be had on the premises; at the inns atWValthamstow: and of MRessrs. Humphreys and Wll3en, 6S,vld Broad,street, and £00 dorxn of first-cas Wines, Srom Sandeman sHEouse, being the Be maining PortUon of Mfessrs. WVard and Co.'s Stock.-By CEmSNOgn an ASOTY,a h elrs 8 uesree,Govnr _AL m the Re-ainin- Stock in Tr:adc of the above resphctablef[;m.~comprtsng 05 dozen of very finePort ildUdh3gev biis ve olYin bottrle anda of the most approves1 itge,adSelected winsre catserres ad schir o atest iuagment; also 3NO dozer of firstren d choice lhspirits, of equal character. All the wines ThSetock caninot be too-bihighy ecommended, ther totltradorgentemen waising to replenish their clar. £trae 5utensil upone fixtures, lampsr, wine hasket}. cf, Ctaloguesbad at the ceDllars, and of the auctioneers, 28. Regnt-tret. ampes f te wnesmaybeobtained on appslication portant Sale io Ground RentS and Improved Rents. the Property of Lord Robert Seymour. dental ed.ll0 pf7ODerannum. , R. ELGOOpe is instruLted to SELL at the AuctdOn Mart; on Tuesday, Aprile29. ine ots. GROIIND Per1t of El1h5,peranmumi,for50years, upon hagest,in Cawford-street, &ocoldofl.ordi ornaxn at a peppercor. a £218 per amnu, for52 yelars, ripen houses in uton-sur ado_nd Hampeteadroad. horeldongLordln ltnder an axecution from re n oberiot£-legant and costlY Furnitre rm the a reproring faavon, and aeol swithin IS months, itacluding a magnifiten WAltut Lnloite aovered in rich cnt mssn otin, alegan t ( rlatetrrecarpets).aoweraupo-toned a largetese cottage pianoforte with sapelachPlatei larec glasc btronzes , printd , chinp a and glu , and effecta. reoved rODr the rsdence. r Lpn ueWIS bi s to a nnounce r he is instru-ted to Rin ibytAUw e eady ot the 1Rzst 69s ,ue n-streeoe twodoore from e xmn-sret,ciy.on Edy,Mrch 8.at12 pnctualy tnder"O an Exeto from= theURMTeRifElean a ndFCE costloFuritufre, the pre lnoe, g Comnpridig a ne agwitinient drasing room suite in iainut wood, oon ered in crimson satin, with tableg and cheffme.richl .ca4rvced in crespnding order, iseTeral briUiant plato cbreaple-cares, rich ptter velvet pUcae carotte a powerful-tewed metal plaeo, lae eB chglma , bon nzs Proof Printand, another mwnEg-room clegnclef% handsome dining-room and library furnit, ire. enddCtheeledgafr catred-bscknideboa. d telescope-di,in, tables aeeofchairsand loungSes in 2crocco, bookca7se, kc, bd-roomappointnt; icLWudiShsAr bian and four-pct bedsteads. and dairu j ooSebedy winCeO wrdrthbes Rrawem, , ewnstndt, ctewdaoor dromingw Caosee, trtels cs a rpeo Fitchen arcih2, ka , 1pdnaU the 15e whe of te s b FnT readende. Xaybe vievew fthedam th eiec, and c dompisn I. magnfiet dawin;og rohioml suteat cotta piano,ele}r.ant hna jarbs, breezs,a prouof pits, andiE other* iniding the egautca!vd-ec sideborde, Ctelsoe diin tals Tl~gn"nige oHoo,on the 31edway, four miles frOM 1tOchester or~~ialights and the great Tthes ofthe Parish of St.Wer-I -bsisb.in the flundred of Hoo, ixtthe conty ofKent, together withx the Glebe Landis, producing an annal incomos of about £800; held on lomS for 21 year tomnina Ients M EB, "IROTHER CLARK,. ana LYE ,svzhaverecoeived instructions to SLL,at GLramwss,onW~dnelaY. April 9, at 12i gmE TJ7NDIVIDED M0fl7Y of the amount receivable and adsig frmthe GREAT TITHES of the parishL Of SID.-WERBUTRGH,i the Hundred of HfOD, in the county of Kent, abolstl7%. of glebela.nbloogg,letoulease,sdtheManorialrightg. Thejimount' receivable for tithes, taking the average of the last five years, as been£7877 per annuma; the glebe lands are let on leas, subject to a early rent of £108, and to the payment of the further sums of £e40 e O d produeing together an snnual iueome ot £203 or. th ereabous,eclie of the Manoriarights. The above is held on ordinary ehucalss rsnted by the Dean and Chapterof Rochesterfora-termnot2l. er [[rm June, I85, at the nominala rents of Ze204s. ad;£2 4s.! anrnewalfine every seven years The moieties are held on separaie leases, with separateEpoers of renewal. Particularsmay be hadof. Messrs MeYmoetk, solicitors 56. Blackfrirs-road; at 'an-way's ;and of Mesers Frebrother, Clwrk, and Lyre, 6, l,ancsstrpGace Strand. C..heaps*de and Gutter-lane.-Important Freehold Estate, proatceng and of the annual-value of-.fWe annum, part with posse-Aion. MESSRS. FAREBROTLUEA CLARK, and LYE Ware instructed bythe Trusteeis of the Will of the, late Thos. Ovington, Esq., to SELL, at Garraway's, on Wednesday, April 9, at 12, a very valuable FREEHOLD ESTATER comprising the extensive business premises and dwelling-bouse, No. 136, Cheapside; in the occupation of Messrs. Robert Bentley anld Co., warehouseman, whose term eprsChristmas, 1556, let atL£30per annum. It consists of excellietahw oms, of about SO feet in depth. on the ground and first floors, warehouse and cellas beneath, numerous bed roomi, sitting rooms, kitchen, and office in the upper floors aud back buildings. No. 46, Gutter-lane, comprise commnodious warerooms of three floPrs, with dwelling-house, recenitlylet at £200per annum but now inhbaiA, ad-i mn-ably adapted for warhousme. The property forms togeth'er a large area of premIse, the situationi of which for business purposesis unequalled. Part ofthe purchase money may remain on mortgage. The premises mnay be viewed by pernmison of the tenants. Particulars maybe hadloft Messr. Ashurst and Morris, 6, Old Jewry; at Garraway's; and of Messrs Farebrother. Clark. and Lye. 6, Lancaster-place. Susex,beteenthecaita makettows o Lwes and Hailsiram, -Exellnt reeoldEstte,caled illFarm, in the pariah of MESRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARtK, and LYE aeinstructed to SELL, at Garraway's, on Wedniesday April 9, at12, in two lota (by direction of the Trustees of the late Sik John Pollard as to one part, and the Trustees of Mrs. Sarah Pollard asito the remainder), the capital FBEEHOLD and very small part COPYHOLD ESTATES,situate in the partish of Laughton,about inidwaybetween the ma rket townis of Lewes and Hailsham. and only mifles froim Berwiek and Glyndo Station of the Hastings Brnch of the London, Brighten, and South Coast Railway, Imown as Mill Farm, with good farmhouse pleasantly situate,- garden, orchard, and small plantation, extensive and well-arranged agricultural buildings close to the house. and sundry lield bams aLnd cattle lodlges together withL 156 acres of rih atue arable.,and meadow land, lying (with the exception of one field)itn aria fence. The estate is well circumistance o od,tefed endleelby tbrivinig hedges, and let until McseasnxtoM.G. Hills at the low rent of £30 per anu.As aubePOtf arable L-and, conitaining nearly 15 acres, adonn th tumnpilke road from WNitesmith to Horrebridge on the Dcke,i nihprsocsd Vierey, uletat 1 e nnu m.ie Partic,907ulr, with* plan, may btehd, Apnco Hstte, prtoduring Old hprsn abrigten at00 therB andu Ball Mlles os.AsserPalme'r, n Bull,0sollttos Bedford-sgrncow at an-a MhjESSRS. FAREBROTHER, LARK, Ind LYE are instructed to SELL byAUCTION a.t Canway`s, on Wednesday, April 23. at 12, in lote. by re f the M&oregaees under their powr of sale, the following ANIOtITES,vizi:-£.3M20 07 ale., and £22 7s. during the life of a nobleman aged 43, expectant on the death of his father, now aged 72. These annuities are mogt amply secured upon extensive estates in Chelsea, comprising nearly the whole of Sloane-street,,Sloane-square andmnews, Lower Sloane-street. King's. road, Upper George-strect. Paradise-row. 'Che n-al,Manor-street, Qneen's-streeVEllacklana-mane, Ormond-row, M hltran-ow, fih&rwinsplace, Blenheim-street, LittIe Blenheim-street, Bcnd-street,, Russell. street, Coilngwood-street, Wellingtont-street, William--street, Knilghtsbridge, Eaten-place, Bedgrave-square, Belgravo-street, and Los-rdesmews, the gross rental of. the whlole amounting as ntearly as can be ascertained to £20,000, with prospect of a great increase on the falling-in of many of the ground leases, which have but a abort time to sun. Also thefolowngPoicis f AsumeeLa Lie,£4000, Legs land Gene- Partiularsad can iatonesdne of the esaelcblgpeared Colnel mayb thorpe ALP, with Stabling and Coach-house, with possessiun. jU ESiARS.`FAREBROTUER, CLARK, and LYE aristeted to SELL, at Garaway's on Wednesa April 23, at 12 bydirectionof the Executors a desirable LE WE6'L FA- 11 ESIDENCE, being No. 46, Eaton-square. on the south side of that fashionable locality. The house is' well built, the exterior ornamentnlly stuccoed and inmost substantia repair, the interior is judicIously arranged for comnfort and convenience and elegantlyfishd s ilted for the immnediate reoeption of a fanilly. It contains 11prnia and seondr bed cambears, atw egantdigroun etom,cptldng Frei,lbrathry, andrthird room, 6, ee~obllseosar ticlasekmepybe room, bulerso panry Ieserats hll adrwnelr 10d newsumerou oinclns, in and wae-lsts througou tea oe.Atth rWarndRoyal- Oamk-Th~e s valae fivwe-stall stableand caciho-hue wesiththe room and eclofnt oFer.iTh aboeIsiheldeon letase forianoweroire trmofabout 18 yreas, athagroungyd vrensf£3e pe an num.ded boaybndeed 1sf 'he 1Dm th april bye Cardsta only,ace hajay,d of Msst Farbroutheor Clas rom and Lye,6acster-place, Sitix20unteran-wo wo articularsoma be had;ealso Sttofnesr.ThmndPotrsliir, 10 e-qare, inhete o BLL'-in an at G arraway's. nWdedy pi 3 at1Wandoswoth-desirablbalae L SHLDOease, for 3yas,isthno Pcos- seson ouF ani ecelntFmiyResidence , reafwer situeinamote inbitantoan Ganr,ounsabu 13asn acrles ofacharinglye,th dintersifie andwooded, bounded byd thedComo and iRIedwthe Cresta Palae, Ronailwngay,l dsant pabout foumrxmies from thewesofthend aondr withind 20wintes' ralway ridegfrom,an tihematrood Sntaedtion. e h =gudwt gravelwksofsomR xtn,.r mAEB ostatHeR, CLA d, plantd with adjoaminad trauallyedloe SELL a set ofCana igwa tesro Wednesday,tApi23, grenad hotFahouyes plenc.etedafwyt &iearvincemoramosenbtantdial mannfer ofrua pleeasin sTyle wofe aomrchitecture,the3 interio prudiciuly planned and fitulted,.n finiherpddwihcgea tsteo ntaining Cample re-tdi deings.Ton, andxRichmod temin the diastne. The plasour3e-grounds,t wth agvoundarietyofbhrubeweddbynterdpersed wth boestcs The ofmeadowsFlre broachhoues, land~ tabig, landen-stervpane trand'a hopartmets be-hos and laudy. The kadiasoh enassrs. PIsmenPlosedrb hagh walls, and clothed withK fiedforuit-rees - The whol comprisin. bu3ace,petl wooedf andshr- nndultednaOtherpaddoks neadroinigcain.beoranteui dbesired.Te unedired termin hei letase iaout43yars,nsubjectheto brthr,Clrk asiLe6,anstrpc. A EB TH R StARan , of nhom pariY larsybe htactd; als thf Messtrs. Pamer Pamr,iadge B'e Pritoand Nos.L 24t, Bed or-o BEL a bd at CTOCan-away's., n cd BesdayoArdsleil 2,ingtwon ands theppewgrsaluabnea FREEHOLDT vanu- abetrehi,old faromsth iands opfo Cotagehut, conaiing tog, ether 22 shl, ad aptnsadoRythe .e F RomROTheffordR,- and- -shlYE Lgw aure insructe byithe Exciutes Mrsd Brcident ParaesdncsProfitlan garden, orAnard o EL yAUTO, ansmdyeco esfrihpaturermany's,bl o anWd nleasdagy, Apbrild23 iontwalots theetfollowing valuapybledFEEoLtag and gatden, aone12 fcrom i the pillages of Srvehrt ihilglingiond Mepper-h clshall and Cacompdtinond oanly thre millaes fromprhisod, in, moell brcbngto Buyfarm-os, wiath spaciosend anciexentiv farmrsdenltoralleud gadn,nrhad and sundry enclosure of rich aasture and amblie land, cnann tgarden, about 1727 acres in the ocparihto iiiaion o3r 7t and eppryhaim Poing thenocuantio wof hrasep Pnerdrise, a honighlyrepcable poteonant athe £120e psearanm lsoe anvalabl84eraFnrehlFarm iThees pareishtfiep pe Shall,mltingar vih-rery,omandwt the exception ofdtwo or thre en-l PlsrPert s oel acicmmodtioancd)frras h ad in the vilg,copiigarmodern ingPes,hand sunry genlosumroesof rih abe aecnd paclsture land cothpaining Toeher about172brancres in the occuatiNonte ofiwa wM. Fln,avery stim- esatte, as yerl thenanth, atrn£188 per annum, Tihesatesin tEs. parish iof.Re Sh liton-s artih-ree, arwa' and a the ohoffsicndta rdeoed. Th prop terty iswll ircumsacd for, roas. She rands int e spariho CMepeshati aregretsyTw ovedI bylte Freehlant n pyhld Cofstes p ofsh ThM eserdw- branch I-f ttheG ea ioten Rvsailwaydil and Oa station withn tw mie fAthepROpeTy.PRtclr, wLAithpln, may bYeha citor.ed ion-squrtced toSEL a Garraway's ; and attedonesdy ofri Mes3 FabYdrether, Clrk and Lye,uoso th, lanate-pacM rde,tStrand. roi CndheshJane 2gei nt, Hherfn-Two valuable Frehl noyodCoes OfD Mando andPMarsh LANDS, situate in tve arish ofn and xeshunn et- IL- :A reeintrletd tno sueL at Geadow ay's, on Wednesdy April23a Mead, containing la. ir. 15p., close to Waltham-marsh-lane, leading finm, Crossbrook-Street to the marshes. ana abutting on the lands of MVessrs. Tonson and Collett; and FReehold and Copyhold Marsh Laud, situate in the Cuffley.roAd,onCheshunt.commron, abutting on the lauds of Messrs. Maddoclis, Prescott. and Miles, containing 7a. Or. 12p. The wvhole let to Mfr. Ireward at £21 per annum. Plarticulars, with plInns, msaYbe had at theiminsin the neeghbourhood; in London, of Edward Willamson, Esq. solicitor Rled Lion-square ;at Garraway's ; andI at the offices of Nessrs. Fare6rother, Clark, and Lye, Lancaster-place. Camberland-place, Regenttr-park. - Very desirble long I1eaeolsod Residence, in excellent order, and ready for immediateocuain SR.FAREBROTHER,LAKan LYE M lare inbtmcted toon Wdnesday,tMa the 7th, at 12 o'clock, a capital FAMILY RSDNE en o3 Cumberland-place, on the east side of, adoeloigte eets psr; containing six bed chambers and adesn om w lgn drwing rooms, a lofty and well-p)roportionedingro,aalbry entrance-hall, with portico and stonesticetoeon or,wh ample domestic offices on the basement. Tersdnei n~o e pair, and immediate possession may behad Hdornexidterm onl, tbe btanedof esss. areroter,Clark, n y snatr fitedens orioofth ohe fratuo'orthesame willb sold by Pinc Goos, Attire, &o. MESSRS, DEBENAMI, STORE, and SON will SELL. attheir Rooms, King-street, Covent-garden, THIS 1DAy, March the 26th stIll WO-DYED CLOTHS, cassimeres, beavers, and pilots, rich Fenef silks,stripednandbrocaded rtins.,Irishlin3ens, shawls, mantles, sables, ladies' andgerstlemen's attire, and effects, Ohr. view. 140 camin of fine loose Brillians, English and Geneva Watch6ibytine- "r'SSRS DEBENHAM, STO~~rns, adSOt iIV ELL.at heir Roms, Kng-stret,fCoentgre,TomroI Po onement of the Sale of Ieaseholds at Garraway's This Day. jfS SES. DEBENHAM, STORR, and SON beg | E E to announce that the 8R of LEASEbLDS at Islington and Highbury, (reTugey, abankrapt,) advertised to ta'e plare this day, in POSTPONED till the latter end of Apri. Full partical4s-will shortty appear.-King-street, Covent-garden, .March 26,1856.- - ToDsnpers, Shippers, and othersa - lIr. THOMAS HEMMIN&G will SELL byAUC- 1Tst O10N, at 84, Farringdon-street, on Friday next, March 28, the STO in lA ofthelate Mr. Browning, of Bermondsey-treet,-- compri3ng an assortment of useful drapery goods, hosiery, haberdasery, S&c. On view on Thursday, and catalogues had. To Warehousemen, Silk Tie Manufacturers and Hoeiers .IT. THOMAS HEMMING will SELL by ArC- ITL TION, athis Rooms, .E Farringdon-street city, on ridaynext, March28, aWHOLESALE STOCK oX rich SILK BEAUFORT TIES carL, handkerchIef, o. All new goods, adin first-rate condition: On vew on Thursday, andcataloguen had. To Grocers Oilmen, Fixtaredeslem and othersi MR. THOMAS HEMMING wil} SELL b AUC- TIOX, at his Rooms, 8n, Farringdon-street the TOC1 in TRADE, Fixtures, ad Implements of B, Neal, of Kennington-1ane grocer and oilman, r abi of sale On view on Tsday next, ari catalogues had at the rooms. I.emeof hepretyResdece, at a ground rent; als all the 9oum Furitse fistclssPiaOs, andEffects.-For absolute Sale.borie of the late' rks. Charlotte h opowelr. - R. PAUL h rwi SELL by AUCTION, t nID the lL Premises, 6, Seymour-terrace, West llrompton, on FrLdaLy March 2t1, it i, the LEAE of the desirable HOUSE, rataieuia undren, trm 8~years to come; alsoall the genuine Household orle. a valuabi Pianofortcs, and -the entire equipment of a small fanily residence, On vies-Thursday andrmorning ofaale, particula d cataesnth ise ad of Mr. P an l Utiae day, at 1, in lots, the whole of the slendid 5serb l tames, and valuable roperties of the above m et Detailed advertisements wil appear insafw g offices, 114. Sloane-street. fe li'-Acinadste Gold and Coper Ming Bhares iIjI. JOHNSON will SELL by AUCTION, at the iLLs City AuctIon Rooms. 39. Graceehureh-street, To-morrow-, 27th lat t eac tm. ,00 OREIEl ufEX i te ONO and VIlIINIGOLD nd COPER hiNtz OMPN,of2 hr' ben pid Foparicuar aply s aov; or a hroieo Capital Freehold private enclosed Stable, Mepw1% with Dwelling-house. kc- in "OyI-s1treet, tIn to Bond-street. MSSRS. DAXIEL,2X1TH and SON rspeoefutil M E1piethe puiblic thrjcthe abovre valuable afdd substantial PRh1.ISE8. 'amp o&iCe ian the n1th inst. axe atill -OENq to TYEA, and offer F.ipao,O and buildings for a Factory or warehouses, am neligible sit%fibr- cornidealer, "c-Waterloa-plooce, March 18. [o te Wste~ibarb ofLondon and pariah of Kensington, singu. lady Vlosbi Faebld L edi,ofeig very choice and beautiful ~~~~~~~gol be made for the entiret) ffsubmit t-o AUCTON,at te Mrt,near the'Bank of England, on ueaday, the 8th f Ap1558 at 2 oclockr, In 10ts0o from 3 o4 Acres elih. ~reentng eauifu siesfor the erection of Mfansions or vilas, about so FdlREEHOLDi PASTURE LAND. forming one neu udltninclOsure,withinafew minutesewalk of the Harrow and Bayawate roads, near seeral chunrhes, hut situate perfectly detached from any houses or other buildings and commanding smom extenLsive and cheerful scenery. It would bo a peculiarly fine apot for any public Institution or establishm ent. Particulars with plans, may behad at the Auction Mart ; of Messrs. It. M. and F. Lowe, solicitors Teangle; oft Mr. W. Sim, archit-ect, 59 Elgin-cresoent, Notting-Am; and'of Messms Daniel Smith and ekon, land agents, In Waterloo-place, Pall-mall. who ire fully authorized to treat for the wholeoranypartthereof. Avaluable Farm adjoining may be purchased if a lurge extent should ho required. important Church Pastronage.-The Advowsenoft -Stockport, ~in the county and diooese of Cheater, comprising the Freehold Rectories of St. Mary and St. Thomas, of the aLnnual value of above £2700, (to be divided under an Act of Parliament.1 and the right Of Pres,,n-tation tosoveralother Churches and Chapels, MIjESSRS. DANIEL SViITH and SON will submit iLto public COMPETITION, at the Mart, n3ear the Banxk of England, on Tuesday, the 8th of Apgril next, at 12. (if not pe viously dlsae of by private treaty,) th ADVOWSON of the ktmC TORY of ST O RKOIT; comprising the Rectories of Si. Mary and St. Thomas, as the samei wil he divided, under the provis~ionso of a recent Act of Parliament upon the death of the present rector now in his 70th year. Ihsoe suich dtvision the income of the rectory of St. Mary will be about £2,000 per annum,_ the tronage and right of presentation to All Saint's Chiurch, at oe, and to St. Chads at Comil,in the vale of, Chadwick; also the right of nomination to %the distrit churches of St. Georgee, st Hy-de, and to St. John's, tDnckdinfield, ar vested in the rector of St Mary for the time being. The presnt incumbent of St. ToAs,bworil will,bcm rectr ofadSt. ahonasd n hedveo ThM aprs(fer the dubiviin wilhat shouaving atcuasab Marlorough-sresiet; of ThomsAhtConro EwhoPonon lo es onaughday, Lpingatrd, Tau han sliveor StG cpr; tte uto tMart;stand ofr Meors.s 2 Daniel pdmtha Sn an ndaet, Wtroo- cosibsof nied Htal, nea Rheadin and, b oa nhan ars also apreericseo thaypubicn tat huavting dodh bv sttlth paroet and reidnyceaofs,r Johnd' Caenr poy hart, decaad) thr wol ofethe vraluab STOCK, scorn. Hay, patnd bothrsEfect h o nhaes,h also hreeCarrages wil be OL y AU tIO,uoons theeprms, on Tesda, Aril , a 11.Thelivestok copries, 280Sre ow conistsofTnie Lrstack or weat,r oats barYle.as ban, wihiththe stawd haldsoithe riksofdhay Mandin baquntityuo thvr.rnaeshdntraw thdlacl antexele dmpisenegrly epin rich kE f5 sands, pathen Scotch ofLcars,spin mear-t andpoy crt, aHoward's1 patent pouBaha, irn rollhears, drills, Durerc, drfs harows, Hcunet. ptn hrehes amlrn a chine,haness saks stabe Eeutensis,o h dr e apainigtosshe tRouk i a.Nd cage to lad eprs, foriles quntity ofnldbrtk, stonles, a firewteood, cr als ahrevously chario theadphaetoin,arThe siockble mayd boetvewe COVNMndY, &lAhT andmoernivaugosable;TT and frelogehodandtthee ofagrm;at thetinns aThReading,oWekstgham,ahsnnestohecoandnaideanhead;, atdo hc the Autolart; protiessrs expndel smiealthouandSo' poundcs, in Wusanterlooae Ialm all;ensi adelohfully.plancedhi agent in gentl,Te elevtordshpor Mano ot f Lrniaclrausopnin witheit spacious and handsommoder Maondsio, beautiedul thvewindingsta Wofdlaedrive and exceedinglyrichDomin f550 axcruies, inerast the paessotace-, near Chiperya, and Ithins 1 melesrl f Bath,d inr the hreartio ofth DukeA ofineeraufot' Hunt. ree ro h orh edsth walled gaNIEeSMIT and SONbatfu o- f ery5 acres( a~ounfo o e d) bylo therExeutor o fk thmer landiterscatainby gRooke,led all bed turfevioymde,) thet abovepingulatherlyer dhesrabe and ecmente bOling ETan eyvaube SAE all freehold fnd free of grat ttes. frmthe Chansmi tnp mnin ihoond n isvmire infevryatrespect ford afmlefrncan otn.ai unusullyn rsichpr-ikegruns houdedbh wl~ -rindnsbfte-ie AvnTheichportanabouttree males exclusiveyaprtistoteesae with its fishery sto,nI isnparticul warlyldped Pork the cpreeratl Faffi wailded grdn, antoabeautiful wiedig Of nearlyve0 Wacrfbest(w-fmou wak aadtredridgaes, par siglopingtorethe r aiver Ther Yorksexellenly sevelng esuperior f[arm-h rouse hand hometeads anedsctae frgr dnrs andeplableourers.baThe aproachiouthe mansio isubyia neto lodgic anCiOnPEgaTIOsNro ethreoChippnlasi read et,witheaa ovaedmost-vofabout thlee-ndeUarteofuamle chiTAel thmrisighpancptatins anda splacosmant.al hthrough these grounds,leastoatelcurc, indgwhichan ais is aefettached gtoutheestYate Paichuperbadlyatimaredreparln,huclsetb in thel anae slreve byinfo rmiveandoracosdertoiwayble haden t ;tgtheir ofich'es,rin Wis-atefrlo-pac, Pall-muiabll, hypartieas,naltodetwihing aoto treat, ande giv ingtheir anddress Partmiculasto as nihbourhaod of Mhesss harighson gpand F inch, e solicitor th Grysin-qare.lut adwti es ec ThetimportandAntyandovryvlubeFreholnadwDomanuofeBesoyhGragre,t boundedabytohe bCopeatif Hulwnding: ofathe rvert Wa erf, betweenb York and Hrowtaer Apda hwithlpicturfesuiesprtof Yorkshiira onlyh sevenhmies frm aXayn eveh raugh adt1 fomw ees. MIjESSRS. DA-NIEL SMITHE and SON arel cunless sion, rwith eer appendr! o aiyoitnto,sueirgres hn bothouesplea, sure grou Lnd,etab-ling,odgsr i. alinpreor suronde byf a richs supWaerbo-lyaimere pl-ark,encosaed byfuwlly antorzd Shoskirted.byTheriverlfor haconsid tabextent; together wlimthe several insrinmec, and itersnther mistofp erighPDLtebourhoo of the highexste -atatseons and solidw advatages, Shrewsfory rsesidenc and inestmentL Thee S aRaiwa toYrkcNnEctn itMITH all part ofith kubingom Hafthe purbchs CMonEyIIO m ayteano the security, of threcetate.o Futher particlrs wo l bhe shortly pubDishroed, and H the interim plan mayou ho inspecthed andeevery partaricula obaiedp auin atelFoo-pwitoe; asofe MrJe Peaver,upo thebaksle, oif terdnction. man Vrw aboundingmwthonshsr. mlteHnigSa, with a very vair Amhoetado ubsabne Fialrmckand setherpedags wulinithin afewamilesof aMtaio W. thves yeorlyth-Westernt Ralowayn and severaltiedtWn,th hFr and arewSS deached Ln s,M&ITHZ c alinth SONares of evrliy. abul m sine oby hePorietobry (unlesstprevuslaybdispoedoneppli atotogther or in lts,a dathdeirable nar,thLus.ablhe F.theayof0 WHILON LDGE,in te faourie ditrit btweenOkh Aleedo Davetry,Crie, Maket arhooug and eorhamton, compaRising ahandome nd mot cofortble ansin on ansrs Dainexpn inreaiendimrovment, Itssecudeitrihe pxtcark-iespaddnear onMentoll tiberOMEd IIO, wi th gogalescpilstbinmpoetrant lodge, a01nd ESA alreui om a purte ina g fo" gnlemn' W"establishment, Particuplard mayd bec monso apliatd,ion tho Messtrsco TilbreyGoodtr, ithhandsChofereysolicitors, tinoman's-Inne; orna leassrs Danite l Smit toldtmrea opriatseipsl w'ith Rentcarlypsession,an the gaisheo canrdsgtovew - Farm and ther malle Proprtiesfupon thebankesofthenriver valuable-FREEOLD -ESTATES exonerate a of land-tax;.oprsn fertie edowsuponthe anks f th rivrs Svernandme ofsaew aboudingwit fis, wth aver auprio far ho Estead ofubsitnnMealytgneryshi t oretVer valso,bin srephlarat mes,.h Chrc Farm_~ abouaot 102mil es from ShrewuyThestates mayn bhe riowed to Ln apictoff to rtheoat,n tcular s,rteat wmroith plnvs,tadwhnnheda.o DAhreweSuITH atd theOak win offerfoyrheystALEy AUCIms,atiO eaty ofx variousighton, ladivragent ablteESToTE, Highaonderrs at the AxeuctionMrt; of MhaeSsrsE. Bennett, FEldat, and Yawso solicirmtoCrsLincoln'in and ofe Messrean Gwaniel Smith and Sow, andoui aaglent,i Waterlonplace,bunedb tall-mail, SCvmp italFehol Farms,howithad&. largeiexthentnd of richsrazngtand, nyear Tlyr Fenrts, Essowex;a apndvlae tithePBent-charges,f -n earao iandtopublrrig Coutte IIN inlngo the spr, ing, an cetimpyortant imeinathe vansTofm.Threspetabetenants, cheflywe on lelie;alsonth tee hol Imropint Tihe entchagesof whenparish of Wingiugee - caital andpariculrl or rustes akheyare e Alberatedof andtahe asfied; nd my thnbo adatthe uctindMrt ateth chleftinns ton-rad est, at. Georgn-stwodeeft, D-atmngerie-,E,soiitr Crve-tre,S tran; n ofIE SMesss. anie Smit andspn, taury agns apr therloplaceta, P allmaing. lteMnin o th south-as omerof Gre-ervaluabeorgFsreet heldFarms,paRtEpossessn cOaL, abou 12CTIles froM. ShreAbuOry uon the ProadsestoLanliWhis offrin naticlary ateandimpoviganvestmens 1IjfESSRS. ANIEL SMITH andSO wilofe Lakefr'S Buiness AdCiOn, in May,s wein vLariouslae Odwiver vainbran, UteCsil, deceased lot.-TMllrsho Rakbersur, lur-factoeraandy Esttbe, the ewutre Fama rge,and theseve PealadGwend Sevrn,wih sitblehomstads t,, ndinthe thanGods i offesetab bandfr caryin othe wrkin of he sme,tiths a certad,intyofne thetennt, ad prtculrs wih pan, hd hen the daytioflasalei Wynsty Arm, Oswstry of M. 1~egh 28, ln agent,y -hlet 'Hnmeramith,-ValiableH seand Shop, nearlyeultFrhod -Ab6oluteSale, with possession -MR. PETER BROAD Will SELL)iby AUCTION come at the Auction Mart, oni Wednesday, April 2, -t 12, a- well-built cone OUSE and SHOP, commandinigly situate in Black Lion-lane, Hanimersmithi, a few doorsfrom the mainroad.: heldfor 85 years from 184. t te omialgrondrent of £l per annm. At present in hand bu wil comana rent of £10D per annuma. May be viewed, Partculasat he Mrt;andof thseauctioucerx, 28, Poultry.- High~-street, Islingtoia.-Higlsly eligible Commercial Property for unre- served sale. lR.PET ER BROAD. WMl SELL by AUCTIONq, ,LLLat he art onednada, ArIl2, atl2, intwolots thos comnadin BSIESSPRMISS ndDWELLING-HOWJSEs Faa 24an2l,Hig-sree, siigto, ethinthe occupation of highly resectbleandresonibl teant; ld ora long Unexpired term at - lw goud rnts sd podcin a etincmeof £5 per annum, - May be vewedbypemisben f th teantaPartca orso W. A, Walls, Faq. Bbomabry-suar; attheMart an of he2auctioneer, 28, Harrow-road, Paddington, Crawford-street, Maryleboene, Woolwich, Chiarlton, and Borough-roadt-F'reehold and Leasehold Estates.- - Votes for the county of Kent.-Absolute Sale, by direction of the 3Mortgagees. MR. PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, ML at the Mart, on Wednesday, April 2, at 121, in lots, without reserve, a LEASEHOLD) HOUSE and SHOP, No. 9, Harrow-road, let at £48 per annum; commanding Business Premises, with -dweling-houso, No.8,~ Crawford-street, Fortmsan-equare, let on agreement 'ai £70 crr annum: To commoios Dwelling-houses, Noz. 31 and 32, ogilIsystreet, Woolwich, producing;£4 l5s. per annum, and Six wel-liiit Cottage Residences, pfleasantly situate in HardenlsManor-way, Chard.ten, let at £28 U. prannum to punctually paying tenants. A Leasehold House, No. 2, Borough-road let to Mr. Smith hairdresser, hald for a,lon term, ataibIo*ground ront, and of the vaue of £15 per- an- num. Aulheld forIlon3 terms, at low ground rents, Also, -TwoFree- - hold Houses, Nce.l8an 19,Joseph-street,Woolw,ich, producing £388g. per anm Maybe viewed by permissionDofthe tenants,.atclr atte at; of Messrs Wa-teen and Sons, solicitors 12, B3ouveriestreet, fleet-street, and Hammersmith:, of Mir. Jan.-Pearce. golloitor, Woolwich ; and-of the auctioneer, 28, Poultry.-- Well-made modeim Furniture, curious Pictures in Mfosaic Wo-rk, a-0 Billiard Table with Slate Bed, Pain2t n Engraig Chia,Glass, and Plated Articles; including the ~ fte latW rWooward, of Carnaby-street.- MR. ROBERT REID wil SELL, at his - Roomrs, - ill Great Mfarlborough-street, on Monday next, March31, at lifer 12_precisely, modern iURNIT-UEE; comprising window- curtains, sofa, coche andchais; osewod ad w lnu lo, card, occasional, andfany tble, cbints ithplae-gassbacks, chimney a-nd pieir glases;sideoars, ets f sidig-frme inig taliles, secretary book.C ease, witig tble, FrnchandAraianbedsteads withr hiangiug -- £83 a year Profit Rent, arisIing from No. 14, xin-;-reot, Portmnan- square let on lesse, and held.under Lord ror. j, at a gros,ed ret of £2 011erannum, 1. OifNs als receivedl 'tgtr Lvtions to SELL, (TO-at tho MArt, (a Thuaday, A *l0,Latl2 an eligible MUftEHOLD-PROPERTY, F'tItuate No. 14. iun-street. Pazrt bsIek,etto A hlghlYresPWAlctebnawt on lease, at &rent' of 865*a tsr,ad ed ireetIrom Lord Pvrbmmn for&a term of whicb'32 years are- unexPired, StaS ground rent of onfly 12 per annum. Thie ~houso is in good repir and containx evrery convenience for a famiy, while the advantages arl'iG9 ftratbis situation will always ensure the ibova or sm inlCreased rental, offering a most exeellent opportunity- fern securo investment. Paxticulars may be had of Mir. Aldridge, solicitor, 27, XMonta=~, Ituasell-uwre; at the Mart; and at, Mr. Robineag No. 1, Charles-stret a ocese.suae and Xo. 12, Grenviile-strest, SOmer-tOwn-'Two floaiable Leashold investments. MR. ROBINS WMl SELL by AUCTION, at the .L 31artv On Thursday, April 10, at 12 in two lots, by direction of tho Rtepresentative of the Mor tgae, a eapital HOUSE. with doublefronted shop and several roomis eligible for letting, beluigNo. I, Chales. street, Manchester-square, elose to Spanish-place and HIgh-streLt, MAslebone, let uPon lease at £48 a year, and hold for 30 years umaxpied at fou uneas only. Also a'very good private Dwelling-homse, No.12, Grenlies-street, Somers-town, close to Clarendon-etreet, lot at £24 a year, and held for 25 Years unexpired, at a ground rent of tive guineasa ea. May be viewed, and particulars bad of Mtessrt. Jones and Dner, solicitors, Henrietta-street, Caventdish-square; Mr. Shep hard, homse agent1 22, Upper York-stret, Bryanston-square.; of Hi. Saywell, Faq. solicitor. Temple-chamnbers, Ficet-sireet; at thei Mart; aLnd at Mr. Rtobini'soffices, Clovent-garden. Woybridge, Surrey.-Capital _Freeod Residence, with handsome ear- riage drve in front, PleasuLe and kitchbeu gardens, coach-house, tabling ad immediate posssson, R.iO ISis instructed to SELL by AUCTIONL. I tte3art,on Thursday,April 10,at 12, a superior FREEHOLD RESIDENCE of a most convenient and substantial Character, nearly opposite to the church, at Weybridge, Surrey and about half a mile from the railway station. The sau bty of the air is well known, the sell loams and gravel, the drives in all directions meet interreating and beautiful, with the never-ending Charm of the river Thames close at hand. The residence require sOMe little outlay for decoratiolo, it affords excaellet accommodation forea family,comprising five secndlary and four best bed chambers, the Teception rooms well alisng,ed and of ample size, ea tal domestic rooms for an establishiment, double coach-house, and stabNingfor four borses,'with tide entrance. The plea-. sumre grounds and gardens are formed by a noble carriage drnve in Iront, with extensive lawn in the rear oriameuted with handsome' tineer tres ad srub, eadng o te ltern ardn,clothed with eikeellent frut tee, ad bokng po Lod Prtier'spark-likre land. Mday be Absolute Rleversion, On the death of a gentea,i i itya,I rtn rehold Landed Estates, in thconisoGoetrad Wwncste, cmprsiu 1,27acres of fis-ateln,podcnmla R.ROBINS is instrtucted to SELL by AUCiT TION, at the Mart,.onThursday, April10. at12, the importa,nt REVERSIONARY Th TEItEST, absolute on the death of a gentle. Man, in his 51st year, .to the FEE SaIMILE of the BECKFORQ ESTA!yT, a singularly desirable residentia property, comprising mansIonhous andgrouds, ive enital farms with execelent homesteads aandbuildings,aseveralbhouses anX cottages,with lands and gardens al well tenated, situate in the parishes of B3eckford, Ashton, Undefrhill, and the hamilet of Grafton, ink the counties of Glorester and Worcestr, including altogetherl,527 acres of first-rate agricultural land, and pro ducing, at low rents, capable of great improvement, a clear income of £E2,265 per annum. The entire estate is charged with certain payments amounting to £.10 s,10.adthe reversionerhaisaalso charged his interest wit th su Of£10000andintres at£3Per Cent., the payment of whih i poviedforandsujec tereo.This very desiable and nobe lnde inestentmeil, n te dathof genitleman, in his 51st Belgravia.-To Busidems-Three capital first-rate ulnse iu danes, with coach-houses and stabaig, inWawcsqre J .ROBINS is iJstructed by the Mortae,wt full power of sae, to SELL by AUTO.the rto Thursday, May S. at 12, in 3 lots, THREcptladusata CARCASSES, intended for residence ofasueircrct,bin Nor. 9, 10, and 11, Warwick-square, a localityfs rgesn npbi favouir, and may be conlsidered one of the ms trciedsrcso the far-famed Belgravia, in close proximity tD the HossfPalmnent. The residences 'wlloffer accmmodation for fmlmo h is respectability, wvith coach-houses and stabling at the ra,ada ra mental pleasure gardenin front. They are heldfo 5yastlw ground rents, andasuggest a strong temptationroprhsest os pletethemnwith thevhew of permanentfirst-clasaivstmnaPr cualrs may be had (28 days prior) of Messrs. Hrio n ore solicitors, Hart-street, Bloomsbary; at the AcinMr;ada Mr. Robins's offices, Covent-garden. N.h. Thegraeprtoth purchase-moneymay remain on mortgage for aterofyas To lluilders.-French raperhangings dietfo ai,FnyDeco- rations, and a large AssortmentoEnlsPae. M~JESSRS. ROBINS wil SELbAUTO,t I.their Rooms in Covent-garden, To-mro,M.27atl'cck tY1BNofH PAPEWItHA NGIN recent] mote ietfrmPrs new and elegant patterns in satins anddos,ercdwihgl,ao fancydecorations for daigrosafbdos,ndalgeassortment of Enlish papeso ueirdsrpin ragdit conveniient lots. Cow on ve nCvn-adn Excellent modern Fuirniture a 6 ft. 6 rosewoodZ Chffonier, tw. Siobl.l Chimnney-glasss in eplendia frames, a £2 rosewood Cottage Pianoforte, maLhogany Office Preasses, excellent Table and Bed Linen, do removed from Bolton-sitreet, Piccadilly, a. sae not beingallowed at the residence. iIAESSRS. ROBINS will SELL by AUCTION, at T their Rooms, Piazza, Covent-garden, On Thursday, April 3, at 1A an elegant DRAWVING-ROOM SUITE of striped silk tabaret, in Ireach curtains, sofa, settee, 10 chairs and lounging ditto, rosewoed card, centre, andL occasional tables, a handasome 6 ft. 6 rosewro-dche& ionic'- with marble top, two noble chimney-glasses. 72 by 41, in splendid gift frames, a Si-_o_ctave rosewood pianoforte, rich brocaded damask verlvet ple carpetsandrues excelen maoaaforps a endther Periodical Sale:-establlsbea half-a- enuy-afeable Gro und Itnr, 7jJj. SHUITTLEWORTH will SELL, at the Mfart, To o£3 e Oabnmi tr ai-rtsulCara mye hadon sr.Gp n ?II.SHUTTLEWORTH WMl SELL, itt the at .JipmFrt,a Ap rild.aty1 thel4 IFE a TERESTn of an geLItemn, anumrepetiey, undenitably Estcured- an Revrints.~ Oe Seet Bf160ARndT£,0S (onsle ifehin- ParticLar ma beya of t.A.Chamber, at sqthe solicitor, 20,neFrederic- atret, byGrayseon ra:of the H.rEe tWetherfed Conqen solictheMror,r1 , lsinghaelo-t,ct at thOEDMrt and of theauctioner,31 S, Poultrey. piLadarsn fo12bikbithouCbietmakerd Caren sandu otherBs._ cuidb ~4R.SHUTTLEWORTHw~ltSeNeLe,atther-marlt, ITt o Fridy, Api ae, oWent.aLeaSEHLI ESTATE6, sinLotuat in hopdene-pate, GretRswel-sreet, FiBermnsy, comprisin g cach-home ande stabegofunusually lhchargebdmesins uwiths af spaciouswousrkshop ver band but eouestle manuator3es, pnterbnusnesMa premvisewed and par-g ofticularesuhad vatlte t: and40 ofer. hnuttA.oriebolauctineer, o., 31, a yea fro th Le hawseho7ld Esate49 PetnillGeat. selste n gru aih Friday, ApFriehld 4,atn12 , aveycnvenientsDWeLLING-o worsEop, witehoaucapitalnfrontshop, ausndeorshoprmsein the4 rar,nos ehg6l Gr teate No.ells17,t Pleastoant-row,ew-road,b r Pe ton ieohel for 3lears, untexpred,tat 95a nomiar; ret cmmaybieoed Fandl pRtsiculears haOffMessihlrs. gaodnio, soiitOrt. 21a, Northamd,ptyon-squar, Che railwell satioth eMat and at.th auctioneer'soh tofaedjointryg (ouentrance 1IIU GE. B R S (OfL BITHilae wi ll SELL b yrA C J. UCTION, at the Martmss abv, on Wed esday, April6 t12y order of he orgage, iteeCosn of the CN MTSortgaor inoe8 lotC,IM PROVEDGRONiranbdsOtherdsREndS seueddig uphongand varisin frombes.rck-built houses%andletheopvacious, premisesuOccuiedbys ofte sevrs.Clea bew Whmerst onseecls etothdrawng-ooW teat 6hernpret Bermofise; he'dfro the resient ad iGo ernr ofguy's Hspitaof for Ilyear. Theremissmay eviewd by hermibrionyofurnituenats citrs.33,Fehuch-tret; t he uee's rne,fnears the Tes tate andofMr Brne, 9,Bichi-lne Lmbad-tret -,pA ValuablCe3tFreKaeHueholdEsae andGond CbnFrenitsr, Ebony,e andl GEO.ARES GOfL SITcHn!a will SELL byAC 3ION, at the Prmissartaov, on Wedniday, April6,isi iota byre ore fthe Chourt of Cha UNceURy,tE followingcapital E;eHiOL bd. Rentof 120 yea. seure upo an ariing fdrom anwextensiv tefree of gound apo whih arbuil upwrds o r 40dwelng-ho quses.sack of areoues,manfatores,an oterbuinetsprmisesgany yads a yar romthre huse, 4, 4, ad ~in reatquisstellstreet,umeand 40, rea Rusellstret,let o ad ocupid b 3r Pax-treet, onl Handsome Furniture in modern t5ste,l Cottage Pianoforte, Suites, of Curtains, elegant Boula Cabinets, Card andi Centre Talbles Chocks, Bronrzes, and Effects: removed from a gentleman's residence at Broinpton. M R. PHILLIPS wil SELL by AUCTION, at his great Rooms, Xevw Bond-street, THiS DAY, the 26th instant, at I precisely, the excellenit FUILNITURIE; comprising f or the drawing rooms--suites of amnber damask curtains fortliree wvindows, walnutwood chairs, con~ches, end settees covered to match, a fine-toned fulloctae cttag pinofote,chimey-imee, eegant bouile. centie, card, and the tales oramenal locs, andlabas,ad bronzes, 'Spanish mahoanydinig tble, peestl siebord,easy and-othiek chairs, 'dinerwagon,a 4fet screaryboocae,aarly new carpts, &C.; the-hamer ppedags inlud seera wigedand single wardrobes. rooms. hferefordsbire.-Ily Mr. JAMES YELD) STEPHENS, at thLe G'reen' Dragon Hotel, Hereford, on Friday, April 25, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon (subject to conditions of sale to be then andthere produced), AVlabeFreehold Estate, known as the Comhbe X3_Estate, consisting of about 41-0 acres of very superior arable, imeadow, pasture, oreliard, and 'wood land, in a ring fence,'situate in the parishes of Presteign and Baton, in the county of Hereford, of which 316 acres, with the farm-homse and buildings, are now let to hlighly respectable tenantsat arental of £510 per annum. The mauseoahouse and the remainder of the estate ace in hand. The rvansionhouse is well built, and contains dining, drawing, and breakast rooms of large dimensions, with bed rooms to correspondl, and' extensive offices andwsxvants' apartments. The out-buildings comusrisea stable, coach-house, cow-house, and daisy. The farm-homebhas recently been put into good repair, and the farm buildings are numerous and Large, most convenient, and* well adapted to the sire' of the. estate. The property is situate in the valley of the river Luagg; and in a very romantic part of the country, affonxling fine views and very picturesque seenery. The river Lugg runs fee neBarly a mile throug the estate, and affords excellent grayling and trout fish-. lg. Anothe trout stream forms a boundary for a considerable diskance, and rens into Lugg on the estate. The whole of the meadow ubd maybe irrigted by water-oour-sesironsthem ,streas. The. Nash '-Lime Rocks, affoding excellent lime for agricultural pulrposes, are wvithin three milee' distance. The turnpike road from Presteign to Ludlow and Leominster traverses the estate, 'which is distant from the Leominster Station of the Shrewsbu-y and Hereford Railway 11 milet. and fromithe Pembrldge Station of the Eington andl Leomsinster Rail. way about flvermiles. Thielandisalet to mostrespectable tenants. The tithes are commuted. The land-tax on a portion of the estateisTredeemed ; on the-remainder it amounts to £4417a. 9d. per annum,. The proert ocupis acetra poitin btwen.and lies within an easy Manufacturing Pre eIOxndhsett -it *teahoe. - t. F LLFR.an&. aoRSEY are ntructm ed a.TLb.theMortgageeunder aIer- ocSatleeoELLb AUCTION. athe T-umorow, I sroh 27, at 12, IPces MA- TJA=FUI INOG PREhM1SE, on the M., quls of Westmainster's Estate, oocuryn,j a very large. area, an -ituate Georeqftret, Oxford-street, a short distanceDo Grot s ven-B -qtat- , Iwemin are anlistantiajy erected. and compriae a bghta,nd solty grosgudloor factory, with slate roof. about 130 lest in Iteogth; a %ranufactory Of Lye floces;-netdie-rgtreet withlstuccoed front; and sx brick-b uilt dwelligng-hceC = &.St 1,Gog-street, Oxford-street, Thsere is a we of exoeieut water for manufacturnagpurposes. The whole bold onlease fors,term of about 16hyearsat a,rent of £50peramnnu; and dre of the dwelling-houses are let off at rents amounting to £23 per anmumn leaving the portion in band sibject otly to the very low rent of £I2 perannum. The steam-engIne of eight-homse power, the steam boiler, andL ma mfctringbuiness. obevmTestedtnthwelslece.Patclrmy 11[SSRS.FULLER and HORSEY are instructed J3&by the Mortgagee under a power of sale to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mlart. To-morrow, March 27, at 12, a valuable LEASEHOLD IESTATE, producing a rfit rental of £150 per amnnum The property Icomprirses a subsautiait-erected sugar-house of eight floors, situate in Caritian-sireet, St. Geo e'east, in the centre of the marlket; a brick-built filter-honse of=tme floors in the rear of the sugar-house, with seParate entrance from Elizabeth-gtreet; a light and lefty en- h ne hoe,es huse of four floors and a small yard ; alwo a dwell' laghoue, ; Crisinnstret,the ground floor of which is used s.z a salle roomand ffic upten part asadwelllng for the boiler. Let Bsq, fr ater of37iyears less 10 days from Michaeelma, 1854 (dtrnal by the lessee at 'the end of A4 years or any seven years af terwards), subject to the rent of £173 l7s, Gd, per annum, and hold en leases for a similar term, subject to ground reuts amounting to £23 17s. Gd. per annum-leaving a profit rental of £150 per annum. The premiseslare in subistantial repair, and mogt desira'nly situate for the business. The rent paid by the lessee is mode' rae h ln eogigths a ra valu, dnthe establishment wellSecured asaFrUndE rent.Toh viRewe ary pminssiouofthed d byprot theAsaige,sofMera. Fullfer tniorSELby ACIN a3Et t hisiet residence, Hornsey; near the tailway Station. oni Friday. March 28, at IL, the superior HOUSEHOLD) FURNITURE, nag hGrse, two phaetons, niuch row, sow rig, poultry, erection of conservatory, 600 greenhouse plants, plate, linen, china, and glass; 200 volumes of books, in,cinding Alison's Europe and other standard works, and other.effects, The furniture includes a roesewoDd drawing room suite, 6,1-octaTe cabe' net pianoforte, cheffonier. set extending dining tables, pedestal sidehoard, set dining room chairs, library table, two winged wardrobesmahogany four-post and Arabian bedsteads, marble-top washstand,. chevai glass, excellent bedding;, chamber furniture, and kitchen requisites. Tobe viewedon Thursday previous to the sse, when catalogues may be had on the promises; or of Messrs. Fuller and Horsey, Biliterstreet, city. Eligible Leasehold Invesunent", 'It. Jamnees-square; and a capital Grass Farm of 25 acres; and two Residences, Harlesden-green, MiddlUesex. R. DANIEL CRONIN is instructea by the ExcLVLcators of the late Mr. James Lane to SELL by AUCTION, at Garrway's, THIS DAY, March 26, at 12, in four tots, THREEX snpeter RESMIDENES being lOos. 4, 5, and S. Charles-street, st. atnes'a-squ;xre, two of themitrebuilt by the testator, held on lease for upwards of 20yearl: ad producing the three respective net improved rents of £72 lOs £816s. and £216Os. Also the capital Property known as GreesMls Farm, well situate at Hazloaden-green, Harrowroad, with two neat villa residences, farm y-ard, outbuildfings, Ac', hav- igthree complete frontages on thehihra,botfu miles from town; beld on lease for 26 years at the annual rent of £S0. sublet on lease to produce the net annual iniproved incoDme of £90. The whole may be viewed by leave ot therzeepective tenants ; the farmn, by applicantoswith cards from the auctionaeer. Particulars may be had at Garrawray's and of the auctioneer, 42, Eloomrsbury-squsie, Freehold Estate.-Hlgh Lyr near Hrow, Essex alrR DANIEL CRONIN wilSELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's. THISDAY, March 26, at 12, avery eligible FREEHOLD) ESTATAF, consisting of a neat double cottage residence, withi immediate possession, with garden, out-buildings, foreceurt, &o., and two other cottages and blacksmith's shop ; the whole pleasantly situate, and being at High Layer. in the c-ounty of Essex, at the juicotion of two principal roads. The smaller buildings are let to good tenants, at ye-arly route amounting to £15 per annum : and the double cottage is suitable for the occupation of cue or two famieles The whole in excellent repair. Land-tax Os. per annum. May be-viewerm, and particulars had on the promises - of Messrs. FodadTydsli citors, 5, Bloomsbury-squaire; at {he Cornm~r andsmg Llofed, soiMark-lane; at the principal inns at Harlovw, Clam,Ogar,Sudbrv and Epping; and of the auctioneer, 42, Eloomsbury.sqsuare, London. The Upholders' Ars oan-tet ~Oxrd-.troet, ~near to tote Prices' Thate ndthe Pantheon. '~.DANE RNwl SELL byAUCTION, at Garraway's, To-morrow, Marh 27, at 12 the LEPASE, for 20 years of the above excellent PROPERTY, at the low rent of £50 per annum. The promisesare ingood repair, andsituate to command a respectable antd profitable trade, Slay be viewed; and particulars had upon the premises ; at Garraway's ; at the Corn-exchtange Cofreehouse, Mark-lane; and of the auctioneer, 42, Bloomsbury-sqnare, Two highlyimprovable Free Taverns, Public-houses3. and Wine-vaults, Nlew Iletropolitan Cattle Market and West Smithfield, without the slightest reserve. jR. DANIIEL CXRONIN is instructedI by the As- M ine f M1r. 'Wiliam Johnson, to SELL by AUCTION, at Garavay's, TD-morrow. March 27, at 12, in. two lots, the LEASE, vith possession, of the LAMB N5 Dsituate at the north-west quart,er of the new Market, heldfrousthe cty, byeustomarylease, for aterm of one year, from Midsummer, 185, at the rent of £32 12s. per annum. -Also those capital premilses the George Inn, situate in the beat part of West Smithfield, held for aterm of 2flyears from Lasly-day 181 at the rent of 41i9 3sa. The respective preIse may bo Tiewe4 10 days priorto the sale, and particilars obtained therein ; also at Garraway's' of Messrs Ashurst, Son, and Morris, solicitors, 6, Old Jewsy:- of H. IL Cannsan, Esq., officia assignee, 18, Aldermanibury; and of the suetlouter, 42, Bloomasbury-square. The Str-,ford, iixst-clas Public-house and Wine and Spirit Establish- moent, Harrow-roAd Paddington, adjoining to the Railway-bridge, Westbourne l-,k Term 67 ers.Rn 5 RE. DANIEL ORO IN is instructed to SELL by A/1 VTON, at Garrawas, To-mnorrow, March 27, at 1.2, the very valuableT LEASE andG(0 WI,LLin TRADE of the above truly excUellet HOUSE. whichat allthmes must ommandatleast atrade of the great magnitude which is at presnt attached to it. and which, for extent and profits. is scarcely equalled by that of any other house within a considerable distance. The thoroughfare the densely crowded neighbourhood, the absence of any effective competition or the -prospectf ay, ue rmarabl comortbleandsuperior construction of the remies re al feturs inan etim tebofthalue of this property whic amsugestd wth uchconidece.The house may be viewed onewee beor th da o sae, ndparicuarmay be procuredthen,; The Grapes Wine-vaults. corner of DkE-steetand Grystet, n- chester-square-a most undeniablestain 1~1.DANIEL CRONIN is fected to SELL by ARUCTION, at Garraway's, on Monday, Mrarch St. at 12, the valuable LEASE and GOODWILL, ith Possession,bheldfor a term of 16 years at a low rent of the above attractive and substaistial PROPEIITY. It is in good order, and in the centre of a densely Populated nieighbourhood, and anider any circumstances must maintain Etheproeminence in the trade of thisilocality if managed-with adequate activity and attention, Masybe viewedt one week prior to the sale, and par-tieular had; also at Garraway's;: at the Corn Exchange Coffeehouse, Makln;of Messrs Marson, Dadfley, and Marsn, solictors, Anchorterrace, Sonthwark-; and of the auctioneer, 42, Bloomsbury-square. Valuable Freehold Building Frontages, land-tax: re-deemed, Be_rmondsey, Surrey, being the SecondL Portlion of the Abbey House Estate. J~R. HUMPHREYS will SELL by AUCTION, at AlGraas's on Monday, April 7, at 12, by order of the survivn Executor of the late Mfr. G-eorge Stevens, in five lots, valuable:BUILDIMC PLOTS, in Great Ruasell-street. Riley-street, Stereus-stret and Brook-street, Berniondsey. each containing fromn 185 to 156 feet frontages, and areas of from 550 to 86 yards superficial. Particular and plans may be had of Mfr. Josephinton, the executor. 15, Riley-street, ermondisey - Mr. Pillips, collector to the estate, 166, Bermiondseystreet; M1r. Frredir. Hattoni, solicitor, 17. Essex-street, Strand; Mr. Thos. Humpbreys, solicitor, 14, East India-chamibers, -Leadenbiallstreet; at Gasvway's; and of the auctioneer, 61, Leadenhall-street. Elgible Freehold Dwelling-houses, land-tax redeemed,-Mermondsey, Surry. IiFR. IRUSfPHREYS will SELL by public AUCIYTION, on Monday, April 7, at 12, at Garrav.-sy's (by order of the surviving Exiecuter of the late Mr. George Stevens), in separate lots, 22 newly-built DWE1LLING-HOUSES, with yards and waslhhouses, in Brook-street and Stevens-street, Bermondsey, near the Old Church ; let at £60 er nnu, i mothl an oter entals. Particulars and Beermnts-street;-h Ta.uablek Haxdettonsolicitor,- 17, ess exsreet, and Remington,-By SOUTHGATE and BARRETT. on the Pro' raises, 137, Regent-street, THIS DAY and four following days, at 12 for 1 o'cloclk, in consequence of the retirement of Mr. Remington, TiNRAVIINTGS (English and Foreign), ]luitmteatd E'4Bo'oks and Works of Art, Water-colour Drawings, Oil Paintings, do. The engravings comprise a choice assemblage of S'. M W. Turnier and Sir B. Landseeres productions; ak fine collection by the French, pLeusHge' eerteodt oeCssOPYLsof DhavidRore:s,Books ofctOrnaents, Destruction of Jerusalem, together witha the rauable Stock-, LithD grapbie Stones, and Copyright. _QOUT]EGATE a-nd BARREETTwif SELL by AUC- K7TION, on the Premsises, 137, Regent-street, on Monday, March 31, at 2, in consequence of the dissolutiono partnership of Messrs. Herznug and Remington, the ORIGINAL GILLEY FICTURE, in -water colours by Louis Haghie, of the Destrocetion of Jerusalem. copied from David Robertss celebrated painting for the purpose of lithographing. This magnificent work of art is worthy a place in any public gallery or private colloction.-Auction offices, 22. fileet-street. Arneent of Sale at Wentworth-house. Mil-bill, Hendon, Middie- sex, the residence of the late Capt. Ianes, H.C.S. BAKER and SON begt announce that the LEASE ofI the excellent RESIDENIqCE, part of. theo Bed Chamber Furvnitre,theplte,wins, heFor wios eig withdrawn from the Inda cbints,screns rae od Idia Sdres an Nalsth - pariag- Weutwrt-o usE,nil-hill, HenLdon, Middlesex-Lease of the Riesi- danc, eegan Funiture Plate, Books, Paintings, rare old W-ines, upwads f 40yeasin bottle, Carriages, Horses, Out-door Effects, "c T?AXER andSO-N have received instructions froma th etr fthe late Capt. Ianes, ILC S., to SELL by AUCIO,on the Promises, To-morrow, March 27. and two following days at 1 each day, the LEAS of the capital RESIDENCE; the excellent funiiture, in mahogany four-post and other bedsteads anid hangings beds, bedding, toilot stands, tables, and glasses, wardrobes, chests of drawers, adrawing room suiteain bird's-eyemaple, comprisin conhes nets, mahogany dining and other tables, chairs, sideboard s, bookcases, dinner waggon, library table and chairs, 1,000 rola books, grand pianoforte, 1,000 oz. of modemn plate, 80 paintings and prints by esteemed mnsters, rare old India, S vres, and Nanlin china, chimney and pier glasses, Turkey and other carpets; a small cellar of very recherchS wines, icluding Portseo 1820, Sautrne and Constantia upwards -of 50 5ears in bottle, red and white Hermitage, Clarets, do.; china, glass, kitehen and culinary articles; andthe out-door effects, consisting of a6 pair of very handsome yonngcarrlage homes,r superior cob, anag borse, excellent clarence. as cab, harness, two rnilch cowvs, hay. rowven, ewies andlambs, Chinese sew.s and pigs, poultry, garden roller, ditto engine, tools, greenhouse plants, and minscellaneous effects. Masy be viewedthe dayprior. Catalogueshad on the premires, andeof theoauctioneers, EIburn. Lease and Furniture. in one lot,-Golden-square. MIirR. F. CUTTEN is instructed by the Assignee to 1 BSELL by AUCTION, on thePreises, 5. lower Jamesstreet, -.To-morrow, March 27. at 1 precisely, the LEASEHOLD OWELLIXO amd BUSINESS PIMEMiSES. with large room.mitable for a picture gallery, and coach-house in tho rear; held for 18 years at £84 per annum, a portion of the properiy being now underlet for £118 per anumu. In the purchase will be included the remaining furniture. Particulars may be had of the auctioneer, 21, Coleman-street, city. To mall Capitalista-Freehold Property, near the Minories, Docks, tc., by order of the Executors of the late owner. B ROMLEY. and SON are instructed by the Execu- tors of the late Owner, to SELL by AUCTION. at the Auction M1art, on Thursday, the 17th April next, at 12, in Eix lot, aunless an acceptabl, off1er for the whole is made in the meantime,) EEVE-i~ eNEHOL HOUSES, No. iton 13, in Little Prescot-street, Goodman's-fields, let to yearly tenantS, who pay all taxes; the w hole forming a compact freenold estate, eligibly stuate, in the vicinity of the Mint, Docks, ., producing a rental of £g182 per annum. Particulars to be had at the place of sale; of Huhes, Xearsey, and Mastermoan, solicitors, Bucersury; orof the auctioneers, 17, Commercial-road FreeholdHopFanr, in theparisbes of Capel, lTde§ ,andPembuny.- By Messrs. CHARLTON. at the Rose and Cron Hotel Taunbridge, on Taesday, April 15, at 3 for 4 in the afternoon, in two lots, r OSE valuable productive Freehold Farnmsa, known 1as Tanners and Cox-hill, comprisng 65a Ir. 38p. of highly productveeland, 29acresofwvichis cuperiorhopplantation,chreemainder arable. meadow, and wood land, with house, oast-houses, stabling, yards, and lodges, The greaterportion of the landoommandsbeauti. ful views over the adjoining countr3 anda finely timbered district, and the property is about two miiesanna ha7 from the market twn and railway station at Tumbridge, and within a short distanoe of Tunbridge- welhls Particulars and conditions of saemay be bed 34dayspreviously tioneers, surveyori6 anti estate agents~,Tuabridge; orkt the Auction Mart, London, ou-bilL-Cto'sPlanb axi Effects, t the Ps5ssroir of the lAmbetli Water-works. IA SSRS. EVERSFIELD) and HORNE are iaW., trutted by the Executors of the late 3ft Nemhn to RVET,, b -ACTION. uh~m .thIrbtWtrwr Company. 3Brixton-hlll, THIS DAY. Macch26th,atl0forlL, in asoUerf of conirlsig aout ,00 heActens 3500D ft. Of baldk-timabez~ 250 nayri% * bric and obblacartS a lage quantity of ofttres rlbt fre-ood andothr fets., may be iewe onesday Inus ar eataogus ha oahs remises; also athe George the Foxti- a theaucioeer, 4. arlamet-tret,or COwaExchange. an ,3by AUCTION on the Premises Ps j-rna.Ola etr street, Oa Thursay, ±1 the dA!TERTI,IS of a OSx n SEHEDS, to cleartegod. ayeiee,adctlgue do the auctioneers. 40,Trlmn-t-e.o olEcag. Borughroa..--Rnalini,g Stock of ArtifaSoeiuc 1IAESRS. VERSFELI)and BORNEB are inLLLsruced b thIPrprietor to SELL by AUCTION, on the Promiss,'l~ oroghrod,Sonthiwark on Wednesday,April 2; atl10fcL 12, he fnal ortin oftheextensive STOCKE; comprisingfout vass, igues grups(icludinig the large Lmocoon, the only one in ar. tifcit toe) cntodwes,&c. To besoldwithout reserve. andw7ti be he astsal ths saso. My b viwedone week-previous, an(l catalogues hadou tepmie;dofteacones OParliaiaentstret, or Coal Exchage To Stone and Marblre Maoi,Biles adOtcs-OSld Xent-road. 0ESSRS. EVRFIL ndBRE are in- tnicted to SELb UlIN nh reie,S.Jrc'. road, Canal-bridge, Old IKen-od nTusa,Arl3al o the entire STOCK of.the laoM.CalsDlo,deae&omrtu slb, Srtln n.Hteos,cls aopng. stepO Ne. mon rent an. head-autoer,tabo slb, 1 ArbleON and stone'chmn-pi5es Rand a-e large quantitygeof 70fu atone: also the eagthorseme and harones, 101) cthaler cmt breze,ol brks cMahe viewed one day Prvos rdctlgesviod c and caaoushdontep ie;and of the auctioneers, 40, Par.i,etEret rCa M ESSRSX V REEDand EO-RNEhavre jvex I istrucionsfrom he trste t Cae'sy Wayt, 8t, BErLLi,be AUCTION onathePremiste%r 42OUn3it OEN Southwark otx-Wedtuer andoe Thanal bArge f d0 ons aso3.aoorlasdan.teveryof xtens anc. othe cruaft, May be vife Sone' day prevous,erand ctalouesadet ora thoed porekss andg of the aucinerlas, Y0oPrlimetstreetcll, orpng CosZ silnk Prtile-Yidandbl Stocy itn Tae and Effects and ScantrMgrcran;to. 3 ESSRts.EVERFIEfln HORNbaEareeiveLv.istrucedtioansfom te trusthee Mr HenryK Booth toASELL by daUCIn fon theirseo Pthies 182, Eksibe, SOLD byAUCTOX oededas. ando valuable S5TO of ASTOl-40 curpriameng-revealthosneto sinS,SPort EERSnd and GazebyNatone inblcsadcntnggrit- grndtones,miltoneSFJ UTO, atrleslbs,chbny-iehes .alothe plant.e irond crne foursdasy' cprts2, at1 onesrin car 30ou1rBL stone rk,_ horEs,Z eigh aetro lrretysoandouranderounatoOther efecs.ha be0 viewed. tof =l dasla.Myb ve previous. and cataloguesliad on the,peie,ado h auctionees, a4a. Pariaent-strneetr, or0oo Excarbmng-te. ,o x ni L, w loy'aan e Va hae-ak aMEffeRt. VRFEI n O Eari- toanonc ta te favBOCSofre MABLE iwsth.c d tionsfo hirsl t theEL AUCTION wil bhe POLemiby 1BAsCbOro,a Tabove,o tEsq 15t cof Asring40 ofsperir inngoomant lbrry uy- clnt,300bl Mbiarbl peCineapece adonsole Slab.~ i Uta stoa ruced o EL byAUCTION, ratrol caimbrdg-hath, oracmenta? roa, o Tusdy, pri22,at10 or wpe30 aRLEs for thebedPIEoES in everyg marietny,ofowirngd desgn toether with ro.00cfests of amaerble slab.ayob viewedndpdressviou,gn ctabloguesehad end toil premsaes, handsofmte Aaucioneefors,40, Parliamerentsteet, pr ColI featelr bedsandbedLease, ath apgroindtrent,o thadoe modernwithuth nitting,otwosePianorteoics,Pate,nPlaedrtiles. elegAant Chinasad. twolass, periot choie Caellarnd odWiesitv aand Siris,ha genteelp g-cr MlUB ERBE has oneteiPredmises,ructBonborou. street,NBeonrahe-zoremHIS,D27,Malvrchs26.ean corner on day,ret n rdLynx Mn 8 at 12 for 1, ahdy the abTovSofte EIeNC ofcud Thin.capialqba conisting of sueri-or diuningeom andr mibreysuie mabga farinmeSpnish mroeany aW oewo drawingl rmc suite cDad tI? Fainets,ngsoblethimey pier, and dFiroe lAsses,nc Ofin ita TahoPny raemess, p9Iariamntigstrints, ol aud ciay cl29,an raet 12fo rom, in boe Spncuish e m letiahogany, ofe fttanlowbardrob om hets offidrawderes,malibre-o ashtnnddesn tables, st fcar,hrr chal , andtiltaF glastses, andsomeArabLgeiron.or-poet,oand cothyrgematdshpime -egoos-da feather bedsland bedd,ping.thed pappoi ntmnt ofo ethetbals,oit thouehold funtwoedadpriorttesae Mand descripewedan catalogues had on the premndat thed uctio ohfuces. ofinearink-corwt, Goray's-mn.-n Condery-sqare.-Neat igshopd Fumniture an Stockn AofpthelCJewerlan leyPesC ZffctsR abast r0pecesved 3uins"ractions tra R. AUCTO,o h rmss 7 SilwSEer-sUTree,t,tcrne o KingsAret, on FridayQnet,-March25 ton2 foray13etheAbove, inlud forb3net;excboe,ln coffee-rgoom caitting ofrseverablesmearbeo tablsels. th arpeur, sitn,annedros,dt the usual cullptonofuURITREan u2ETesis. cEaybta ethlyroradaogueshadonteprmss,ot.h.Plle~ esq, olcso, Banrabruhsre,imio-anatthe auction office, .nWarwick-court,Gry'-in Parlimueyt-stee. nestmlynewr7-Thore capital OStieamegn,and oad oo. Fittngs f th ProestatoLse and Fre suac fie MJIR. C. FURBER will SELL by AUCTION, on thaIYLremis-es, 19. Partaen10-stietrmondsa-turday,o March2y, a 12pfr- furnitu1 fre3 andeffvet. May be viewed, and cartaclogus had on the r- pramises; and at the auction offices, in Warwick-court, Gra's-inn. Crouceory-sqare.---ellHdsentld Fumtld useerningre Tworel Jinrewet- leruableroa Effects adIableCou60 ces ofia Onmusc,entsical intriumoats, &o. C. FURBER will SELL by ATCTIONr, ant heM Auction Rooms Quaplisrety,cort,ovnorTuaesda oneT,Aril!, atr 1 tor, athe above,2consistlyg of acapitof libar tableros, chatr, Brusshoels car spets,oan theUsNUal decipindo EFECIKTS,E inldandadE cFeCTS thneracto boflcase, Warwick-our tals,agrey's-inn ttey roms, andr lass. Bermodsey. nealy ne 7-bose H riont al ta-ng ine,r aitnd a- 2, at2 fo 1, he aove.Maybviewd,sadebrtcuarshd, on theop Boks To.lnnrpmSleor,ai forer, ookae mRbl-opotbls, lrargd hinyanyie lass Machaneler, sute o Pucturains, cptaldnigromanTibaytins set ofstrelesope-framte: dini itnng tbes edetaidebosard,mrl-o glas,lien alsovethei apointments ofenine sed aroomes,ofPrsa a n sotherbedtiead, m1 arl-o atnd s,echeiaefan to iletn glasses,loand numrou O effects.oranbeataewgdetheadatprier,on aaom uido thea prenusa;indiat the a vciouofiem Waousrwick-courten,Gra'shiu,, ats. hisks Roomff s, Berepoadway,-BLugate-hil,l o 0-mzre-. Marchpri 21', at prcsey th STon ccn ofMr t1. numberm of lots, o clths, doeaskia,prns, 4.I ton-tcas,coer, lc,rbns aedsey Hc. novewoodaybrior, and caloguhes,hd matq the reoom, orbd post.e Tobes Haoerlers,h Giaer.hir.adtmakles, alnut-od daentrttatera, dit,erep eatnhi Roomrares,lBroadway, Lrirfig n pate-hi chiemoero Marche2, ctgat 11cpindetualyer,SG-dCy of Mr.ncl G.Baclehrn,afnd3 Pbigrm-sraeets, sewatle: dinising ofablsin eemt's an fomen'sinhose,12 drawersh mandgnyveststufe in cotnranoroancsil, mnsandboys's shirlets7fe, stfor-ostis,til andAerblanbefs,te-ade,kidhagings, pumbels batdin, se, On iew -mdaypir angd cataloguesbda cetheo droomrs, nor byptost. Hamilton-t erracelt glhnas-woabn ofa,EpressestFurnture, PairGalobs,, sombrelle Ptaint,ingirese, and Engavigs,200oucesPle, incen, Chqina,e Girna, rooks, an otdoEffects, cremtaogues-B Mr. Mes"WaltersondFri day, Apriltor, s6, Raunctually (on t;acont of the acinumer,o los, Unoncutheol Premises,t4.eHmitontrae blulry,.elegat greenhand slerodamask ocurtains,n crimsofnesatintp ditto, vealvfet,pl n othlerse cardpet,lrouigesizpebrilin plamu wchimney glasses,cut-galassichandelier,c0-ayeaisianewclock, alab3Ase and cthina ornaets,onsLet fdy,pining5tab2lots.bfeetrbo4fte3et6inces,i12 Spansh o mahogan ohnGairsEstuffedain mofrocco,tandTsofas,texdellent7 ee rpedStalsebard ithl Plae-glses, ats2 back db21me, fent sders lieions the fiottins onineth droptoniofth inludingoohandsm Laondn gioand fou-pos Andurabncbedstepads,wt hangingurs,pimes bedding,s sntevrerlwell-madoerwned wardrnobs Bchetso daers,uy nmarble-top. ias onalans,eva glSr oass, cBirnsoardsic, paresse,banoths,rallcharus,, umbeellah stand, ladinner,a deset andoocyo teaesrvies, kit.en reqisites Miro olr n u-oratce.Ctlge of Messrs.Pierys and.- Son soiciors 36 Raiugalistet;andof heauctioeer had Unionauc court, Old Breed-street.ate Paricu Pouiry-Fist-lasFrehsi Prpery, ccuyin ain areaoneb-walk, Asoust feorsae f ohnarGueryesti, late4of d.roestol,,ec1e,deceashod- v'1O esptedlo moregases, anos. 20& and. 21 sizh ssie oPth PouTRy,AnSO the uatis o theiedLivetrpooltidonsdora inth ear, withcToverdayttnt Makirt bry onenesbda ed 2716 at; ison es ti SVNEGTHSoma Berna4 Bich 5d.uotol, 73candshiners,tre.- tee mworhave li na ag u of relpoet fmon vley ondthe premses)d batla40 peras anu:thi leasetun wemasgr yantdln188 and the reento madyb ex-. pilete5toe are thaentdouled fin 180. lsot. heecellnt ouse dand.. gahos adj oining, bingNo2. in the occue o of Mibyxsessrse Pepyis ee%ancT. Wtruasts,o arTetm8 ear unptil 186e. whenrrv aul imroedl rGverntmaybe oburtaieyMyeviwdb ad only. whichal may be hbtdiedoa the *atueo-Tog WitgsW,lfmyb-in q :of W.tFree,Eq, sobritgeor,ohLetts.Er; solicitGram Abolte!e5stouldary lolbresix nd244s of th auctonee, Ti!,T cshu.. This Evening, 26thL-Extensive Sale Of useful and Ornamental China, G g~ Flower-pots, do. MEFSSRS. JOrEs and BON'HAMI will SELL by. AUTON, at their great Rooms, U and 12, Leicester-street,. THIS EVENING, at r6 precisely an extensive and valuable con.- sigument of IRONSTONE and other CHINA-dinLner aervice of the, newest patterns and enrichments, elegant dessert, tea, coftee, anOl brealkfast services, painted in various subjects, richly gilt, diuble aucdi single toilet sets, jugs, andi the vaxiousxecquisites for domesticutse,noble, vases in suites, painted and enriched with raised flowers, Inkstanfla_ watch cases, Parian and biBquet groups sand figures. terra cotta ana! china flower-pots, and numerous items for the conservatoMy terraces, &o, Maybe viewed to-mnorrow,and cataloguneshbad. - EXrtensive Sale of very superior FllrnitUre andlEfects, ~removed ftreer Lower Belgrave-street and a large mansion in Oxfordshire, com-- psrmg an agssemblage of -valuable Itemns, worth the special attention of the public and the trade generally. MESRS.JONTES and BOINHA'A M SELL by, AUTON, at their great Rooms II sand 12 LletrEre a morrow Evening, -at G to the miuute, IOUJSlil6U61 FURNITURE_ of a superior racks; comprising drawing room suites in -walnut androsewood, parlour anddining room sutes inSpanish mahogany, noble, winged wardrobes, sideboDards, cheffouiers, secretaires, bGookcases,. screens, three pianofortes by eminent 3nac-ers. tapestry, Brussels and.i 'veve cresof large sIzs sets of damask curtains, or-moulco iscgM lcs, dials, lou, card, sets of dining and other tables,. sofas, 'lare consuls and chimney glasses, four-poet, Arabian, and otherbedsteads, with clean and superior beds and bedding, three singlo, wardrobes, chests of drawers, marble-top toilettes and wabshtandfl., with the-whole of the usual furnmishing appliances for bied rooms, ball,. kitchen, libram-.and officer, Maybe viewed on Wednesday and day olI~ sae, and catalogues at the offices as above, To Timber Merchants, Cabinetmakers, Coacbmakers Builders, aad-ot'her.-For absolute SALE by AUCTION (under an assignmenti. on the Prxemises Old Beothnal-green-road, on Wednesday. 2nd April, 1650 and following day, at half-Past 10 for 12 o'clock- precisely, TJ'IHE entire Stock in Trade of D,Icssrs. R. Coiling amtL J.L Son, timber merchants, consisting of 40,000 feet of Ho'nduras. and Cuba mahogay in pla;is and beards, cedaLr and rosewood inx p taks ad bards Spnishmahganyandrosewood. veneers; also larg quatitis ofcutdry ide ine,pin plaks, nd dals(cut),. SON maogay bokes ad actinees, 5, inners-hsil, Old Broad-
