DEATHS. On the d4 inst. at Castle Borough, county Wefeord, Robert Shaplaud Lord Carew(K.., aged 69). On the 27th of January lastk at Borland, Victoria, Captain Charles Berkeley, eldest son of the late Rowland Berkeley. of Benletiild. On the 30th nit., at Rtotherhithe, Mir. Chas. Win. Clements Stlchbury, cf typhus fever, in the 21st year of his age. On the 2d iast., aged 19. TMary, second daughter of Henry Cherer, Esq., of Acacia-roadd, St. John's-wood. On the 3d inst , at Hythe. Kent, after aprotracted illness, Anne, relict of 1r. W. Bourne, late oflTenby,South Wtales, aged 75. On rnurtlay, the 5th inst., at Seawby-grove, near Bri-g Mr. George Archer Bellwood, formerly of Galosboronghs, mercant, in his 74th year. On Thur-lay, the 5th inst., at 23, Strand, M1r. Timothy Yestes, deeply regretted. On the 5th inst., at Paris, Samuel Gurney, of Unton, Essex, in the 7Ist year of his age. On the 5th inst., at ThernburY Cottae, Croydon. Jessie Octavia. the infant daughter of Willama Bonython and Dian'a Margaretta Moifratt, aged 3 weeks and 3 days. On the 6th inst., at Duppss hill, Croydan, Charlotte, the belored wife of George iay, Ruq. Oni FrLiday. thne 6th inst., at 52, Fenchsuxch.street, M1r. G.5S. RusselL.
SWINGING FESTIVALS MV INDIA. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The bloody rites of the Churruch Poojahi, or swringing festivals, which take place annually and at this timne of the Year in honour of the god Shiva, are at present being celeborated in India; and the cruelties then :inflicted are oluntarily submitted to on the part of the individuals who undergo them. As a ceremony of this kind was to take place on the 11th of April, in the Circular-road, which is distant from Calcutta about two miles, some other gentlemen and I who were desirous to see it drove in that direction, and the whole line of road leading to the place was crowded with natives of every caste and shade of colour, wending their way thither to see the degrading spectacle, and dressed up in the most gaudy and fantastic manner possible. Great numbers of the women and children bad large brass rings about four inches in diameter through their noses, also rings round their ancles by way of ornament. The spot where the tragic scene was to be enacted was a large square, surrounded wvith houses, on the tops of which vere seated crowds of Indians of every age and all more or less excited with an intoxicating compound called " bhang." In the centre of this square war. erected a long pole 60 feet high, at the top of this was another about 40 feet long, placed at right angles to the forner, working in a socket in the centre, and capable of being whirled round; and to each end was attached a rope. Raving waited for 10 minutes or so, the infatuated native who was to be sVwung came in, amid the beating of Indian drums and the shouts of the people. The man had a wild expression of countenance, writh his eyes glaring, being under the influence of bhang, of which he had consumed great quantities during the three previous days to deaden the pain. This nfortunate native had two large iron hooks (not unlike those used by butchers at home for hanging up meat) thrmst through his back, three inches apart, and making a wound four inches in length, from whieh the blood streamed down. This being done the men tied the rope which was fixed to one of the ends of the horizontal pole to the two hooks in his back, and likewise passed it through a cloth, which was tied slackly round his breast to prevent him falling to the goround should the flesh give way, which it sometimes does. 'I'hey then pulled dow/n the other end of the pole, which of course raised the one with the man along with it, and then ran round at a great speed for the space of a quarter of an hour. All this time the poor man was suspended in the air by the hooks in his back, and whirling round 50 feet from the ground; and from th t manner in which he kicked about his legs he appeared to he suffering great agony. When he was let down, and the hooks taken out of his back, he was more dead than alive, and the laceration caused by them was frightful. hen who undergo the swinging seldom survive it. Vhile Parliament are engaged in making inquiry in reference to the torture employed by the Government officials in the Presidency of Madras, for the purpose of collecting the revenue from the natives, I think they would do well to devisc some plan by which they could totally abolish the practice I have been endeavouringto describe, and which could be more easily done now than in previous years. The middle and higher classes of the natives, I understand from good authority, do not approve it as they did formerly; it is only the lowest class of the natives that take part in the ceremony. a Ri- -JAMES'; RO9IS. I Chowringhee--oad, Calcutta, Apri 19.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The great importance of promoting a right understanding of the commercial and financial relations of England to India will, I trust, induce you to find space in your columns for the following observations upon Colonel Sykes's reply, inserted in TeTimes of yesterday, tomyletter on his pamphlet on the external commerce of India. I w ould preface them by expressing my regret that Colonel Sykes should have understood my remarks as ascribing to him a belief in " the exploded mercantile theory that money alone is vealth." These words were not used by me in any sense disparagin tto Colonel Sykes, whom I esteemasas ale and upright- public officer, but simply with the object of showing that his theory as to the bullion exhaus tive process of Indian trade, when fairly laid bare, would be found to rest on the same foundation as "pthe exploded mercantile theory that money alone is wealth." I did not, however, say, or mean to say, that Colonel Sykes himself took this viewv of it. Thlere are two main points at issue between us,-one as to the cause of the continued absorption of bullion by India; the other, nato the effect of appropriating a portion of the Indian revenues to meet public payments connectedwith India in this country. I attempted in my letter to account for the formerby the consumption of the precious metals in India in the manufacture of personal ornaments, and by the great enlargement of the metallic circulation required to meet the novel exigencies due to a great extension of foreign trade, and an altered mode of collecting the public revenue whichl have been brought about under British role. ColonelSykes, if Irightly understood him, dissents from this conclusion, and yet prominently points to the fact that 43,000,0001. sterling have been coined into rupees by private persons during the last 19 years, and legitimatelytinfers that these "rupees are used to pay the producer for the sugar, indigo, &qc., annually exported." E3xactly so. Thins large sum C:olonel Sykes asserts to have been absorbed into the metallic currency of India. But if so, is not the fact an incontrovertible proof of my position, that the pre-existing circulation was inadequate to the wants of the country; and that the bullion received in payment for e.xports, instead of augmenting the real wealth of India, or, in other words, its power of obtaining commodities in exchange for its exports, has gone towards filling up a void in the metalic circulation ? I do not, indeed, admit, -with Colonel Sykes, that the full amount above stated has been so absorbed, for there is a great and unceasing destruction of coin in India, owing to the custom everyvhere obtaining of melting up rupees for conversion into personal ornaments. Yet, doubtless, the absorption has been very great, and, to whatever extent it maybe admitted, is an irrefragable proof of the metallic circulation having been increased to that extent, and of the money, therefore, not being available for the purchase of British manufactures or other foreign coinmodities. It may thus be seen that I am by no means chargeable wit the paradox ascribed to me by Colonel Sykes, for, "in spite of the annually-increassng imports of bullion-in spite of the annLually increasing exports of produce," it may, nevertheless, be truly said "that India cannot buy foreign manufactures, because she has not bullion enough, and the facilities given to trade adjustments by the Company's bills on India are hurtful," because they prevent her from obtaining the full supplies of bullion of which she stands in need. The remaining point, as to whetlher the home charges are really a tribute or not, may be shortly disposed of. Every p.ayment by one country to another for which no equivalent m money or commodities is received is of necessity an abstraction of wealth from the paying country and an addition of wealth to the receiving country. In the case before us it is quite immaterial as regards the effect in an economical point of view whether the disbursements are made for administering the government of India in England, or as a simple contribution to the latter coumtry. I therefore hold that, economicaly considered, the whole excess in the value of Indian exports over imports constitutes a real tribute which India pays to England. Colone Sykes states in his letter, " that from 1849 50 to 1853-4, bu for the Company's bills for 16,116,0001. mserchants would have been necessitated to transmit that sum in bullion, in addition to the net amount of 18,993,0001., which was shipped by them to the East." They would have been necessitated to pay to India 16,116,000!., either in bullion or tn goods, and India would have been enriched to that extent tirough saving escaped the payment of the tribute, which is exactly what I wish to establish. I do not, however, mean to say that the payment of this tribute has prevented India from making any advance in wealth and prosperity. On the contrary, I am persuaded that India has made considerable progress in both respects, and has benefited incalculably in other ways through her connexion with this country; but, at the same time, I am equally satisfied that the effect of the tribute is to retard her advance in wealth and prosperity, and to check her consumution of British manufactures. A ±CJli .L £NJVItN UZiUrAL,. Juine 4. [Advertisement.]-"The Camp Club in the Crimea; or, Stories from the Tents and Trenches." Edited by Capt;ain Carling, anthor of "The Soldier of Fortune,, I vel post Svo.. is now ready. Contents:-Sayings and Doings during the. Siege-The Subaltera's Story-The Trenches-The Tents-jI Comrade lilled-EnduranceChristmas Eve in the Crimea-Home-The Old Soldier's Story-Death of the Czar- Conversation in the Trenches-Charge of the Heavy Cavalry-oliUtics in the Trenches- TheWag of the Company-Routine andBushlights-The Old Feninsular 5ajeor-A Crusty Oflicial-The Emperor of France-The IndefaUgable Infantry-Urgent Private Affauis-ULrdRaglra-Ahms, TmInermann, &c. Chorles J. Skeet, 10, Ping William-street, Charing-croms
.NAVAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGBNCE. Thescrw steam-.trasportbR.jah, Nso. 181, Captain R S. Burn, from BalamLava, May 8, with shot and shell, arrived in Plymouth Sound yesterday morning. Her dates are Constantinople, May l3, Malta, 20, Gribraltar, 28, and Lisbon, June 1. She brings a small mail from Lisbon, but had no communication vith the shore, although clean bills of health were produced from the previous ports, and she required assistance for her machinery, which is out of order. She exchanged signals, Monday, June 2, at 7 a.m., 7at. 40.20 N., Ion. 9.30 W., with Her M3ajestys screw steamship E-mouth, 90, Captain Harry Eyres, 'which left Plymonth on the previous Thursday evening for the Crimea. The Rajah experienced severe-weather in the Bay of Biscay. Her Majesty's ship Tribune, 30, Captain Edgell, was paid off at Portsmouth on Friday night, and recommissioned by the same captain on Saturday morning. Her Majesty's ship Pylades, 21, Captain D'Eyncourt, was removed from the steam basin at Portsmouth on Saturday, aftertherepairof somepartsof hermachineryandreadjusted her compasses in the harbour. Her Majesty's ship Highflyer, 21, Captain Moore, C.B., was paid off at Portsmouth on Saturday. The Windsor transport arrivedatPortsmoiuth onSaturday noon from Ireland, and sailed for the eastward. The Mohawk, 6, steam despatch gun-vessel, Commander Francis Close, left Spithead on Saturday morning for the westward on a cruiae, supposed to join the other vessels under Captain Watson, C.B., now off Falmouth. The Excelsior steam-transport left Spithead on Saturday evening for the eastward, to land her ordnance stores from the Crimea. Her Majesty's ship Amphitrite, 25, Captain Burridge, wil be paid off at Portsmouth this day. The steam-transport Andes left Spithead on Saturday morning for the Crimea, to bring home troops. Captain the Hon. F. T. Pelham, C.B., of Her Majesty's Ship Blenheim, resumes his supervision over the steam fleet in reserve at Portsmouth, to-morrow. Her Majesty's shipITile, 9O, Captain Mdundy, hoisted the white ensign on Saturday, placing herself under the orders of Rear-Admiral the Hon. Sir 1L S. Dundas, H.C.B., of the Duke of Wellington, with whom she will proceed to the Channel on a cruise in a day or two, and a squadron will subsequently join them. Lieutenant Fremantle has been appointed from the Pique, on the China station, to the Spartan, on the same station, vice. Grant, who has been ordered home. Mr. G. 0. Twiss was appointed to the vacancy in the Pique of fourth-lieutenant (acting). The fleet at Portsmouth is thus composed: -In harbour -Victory, 104; St. Vincent, 101; Blenheim, 60; Tribune, 30; Pylades, 21; Amphitrite, 25; Sealark, S; Medea, 6 ; Robun, 6; a flotilla of gunboats, and the tenders Fire Queen, Sprightly, Mercury, Princess Alice, Fanny, Portsmouth, Comet, Pigmy, &-c. At Spithead,-Duke of Wellington, 131; Nile, 91; Arrogant, 47; Cossack, 21; Forth, 12; Tartar, 21; Bulldog, 6; Geyser, 6; Surprise, 6; and a flotilla of gunboats. In dock repairing,-Victoria and Albert, Fairy, and Elfin, Royal yachts; Bellerophon, 78; EBebus floating battery; Harier, 17; Fury, 6; Flying-fish, 6; and Sparrowhawk, 6. In the steam basin :-Victor Emmanuel, 91; Fox, 42; Dauntless, 33; Megara, 6; Urgent, 6; Rosamond, 6; Dasher, 2; Lightning, Alban, and four gunboats. In the fitting basin :-Centaur, 6; Assurance, 6; Alacrity, 6; and two gunboats. Important experiments have been made during the past veek with a 13-inch mortar, under the directions of a party of the Royal Marine Artillery Corprs, at Folt Cumberland. oneof the outposts of Portsmouth. The object of the trial was to test the utility of a peculiar contrivance for the purpose of preventing the mortar becoming heated and damaged by any lengthened firing, as was the case at Sweaborg. At onday's trial 300 shell were discharged, the time occupied being nine hours, giving two minutes only as the average of each round. On another trial 150 shell were fired in equally rapid time, and 300more are stillto beexperimentedwith. Uptothe present time, the mortar subjected to this severe test seemn to have received no material injury from the fusion or cracking of the metal; the contrivance is, therefore, so far, highly successful in its action. Hurst Castle, Dorset, which is now strongly fortilied, has been garrisoned for the last nine months by the Hampshire Artillery Militia, which regiment was disembodied last week, and Hurst Castle is now occupied by a detachment of Royal Artillery from Sheerness. Shortly after the arrival of the latter at Hurst scarlet fever (of which complaint two of this corps died very recently at Sheerness made its appearance, but, owing to the prompt and decisiv measures of the officer commanding the garrison, and Dr Burgess, who was sent from the medical staff of Portsmouth Garrison Hospital immediately on the appearance of the dis ease, it has beenpreventedfrom spreading, but in the event of contagious disease appearing in this garrison serious consequences might occur from the want of an isolated hospital for the infected; there is no hospital, or substitute for a hospital, in the garrison, and the necessity of having such a building in readiness for any emergency is sufliciently obvious. Dr. Burgess, who has been on active duty in Portsmouth garrison since the first batches of Crimean invalids were landed in the winter of 1854, and who assisted in many a dismal scene during that period, has now retired from the medical staff of the army, to which he has rendered valuable service in a time of difficulty and danger. It will be gratifying for him to know that his services as an efficient and indefatigable officer were fully recognized and appreciated by the military as well as the medical authorities in Portsmouth. The hired steam-transport Germania, No. 207, Captain Neynebeer, from Cork, arrived at Plymouth on Friday with 50 seamen from the Conway for the Impregnable. She appointed to leave to-day with the left wing of the Limerick Militia for Ireland. She wll probably bring the 1st Devon Militia from Cork to Plymouth, and return with the 94th to Cork, after which she -will be employed exchanging regiments of militia between England and Ireland. The screw steam-corvette Esk, 21, Captain Sir R. M'Clure, went from Hamoaze into Plymouthl Sound on Friday. The Meander, 44, Captain Thomas Baillie, was taken out of thg basin dock at Devonport on Saturday. She will be be got ready for sea with all despatch. The crew of the screw steamship Edinburgh, 60, Captain R. S. Hewlett, will be paid7off at Plymouth to-morrow. The screw steam-frigate Liffey, 50, having been masted, was warped to the basin dock at Devonport on Saturday; she will be placed in dock to-day to be coppered. The screw steamsloop Alert, 16, from Pembroke, arrived at Plymouth on Friday, and was towed by the Pike and Zephyr steamers into Hamoaze. His Netherlands Majesty's steamer, Sindoro, 4, Lieutenant-Conunander Wichers, from the Texel, June 4, arrived in Plymouth Sound on Saturday, and when coaled vill sail for the West Indies. The undermentioned officers have been promoted to the reserved half-pay list:- Cominanders to be Captains.-A. H. Ingram, June, 1841 Edwvard Dixon, August, 1841; John Steave, November, 1841; William Worsfold, November, lS41; Charles Clayton, November, 1841; Heny Dumaresq March, 1842; William Ellis, March, 1842; Tboma Smith (d.), June, 1846; James G. Mackenzie, A pril, 1847; and John R. Woodrifr, January, Lieutenants tobe Commanders.-Alfred Samuel Robinson, January, 1810; John Coleman (a.), July, 1813; John Billaugsley, July, 1820; George W. Rabett, January, 1826; James Barber Emery, Mrarch, 1S27; and Thomas Hardwicke Downes, March, 1838. The following appointments were made on Saturday at the Admiralty:- Lieutenant E. H. Howard to be Flag Lieuteuant to the Impregnable; Lieutenant J. C. Campbell to the Duke of Wellington; 'Mr. G. B. Martin, naval cadet, to theB13rilliant; Wim. F. Lews, second master to the Duke of Wellington; Thomas M'Kinnell, masters assistant to the Dasher; Albert H. Otter, master'sassistanttothe Brilliant; George Jeffreys, paymaster to the Salamander; Thomas Backhouse, clerk to the Blenheim; Edward A. Burmiston, clerk to the Edinburgh; OughtonTimperby, assistant clerk to the Brilliant; Joim A. P. Williams, assistant clerk to the Blenheini. The 3d battalion of the Rifle Brigade will move this day from Aldershott to Portsmouth garrison, to take up the quarters of nfilitia withdrawn. The authorities at the Horse Guards have determined on arming each of the following regiments with the EAfield rifle, viz.:-5th Fusileers, 12th Foot, 26th Cameronfians, 37th Regiment, and the 45th Regiment. Orders have accordingly been issued to the authorities at the store department of the army for a supply of the Enfield rifle muskets to be immediately issued to themen belonging tothe depots of the above regiments now stationed at the provisional battalion, Chatham, and the whole of the officers and men of the regiments specified who have completed aL course of instluction at the School of Musketry. with the view of their becoming instructors in musketry, will be sent out to the several stations where those regiments are quartered, for the purpose oI properly mnsrctmg the men of their corps in the use and practice of that important weapon. The United Sericc GazecUc states, that the Commander. in-Chief has given directions that the officers and men of the West India Regiments are to be carefully instructed in the gun drill. 100 of those most proficient in each reginent are to receive artillerymen's pay. A re-distribution of the West India Regiments is shortly to take place. Instead of each of the three regiments having two companies on the West Coast of Africa, as at present, the whole of the duties on that station will be taken by one corps. In the autumn of the present year the 1st Regiment will complete its force on the coast to six, leaving in Jamaica four companies, and the detachments of the 2d and 3d Regi- meats, iiowf sorving in Africa, will ce withdrawn. e whole of the datiest at ptesent taken by these troops in the windward and leeward command vwll be performed by the 2d Regiment, and the 3d Regiment will then have three companies at Nassau, two at Honduras, and five with the head-quarters in Jamaica. At thetermination of fowryears the 1st Regiment, ia Africa, will be relieved bya like nlumber of the 2d Regiment, and fonr years subsequently to that again, viz., in 1864, the 2d will be relieved by the 3d Regiment. Instead of the officers remaining only one year upon the coast, as at present, they wil} be required to complete two years of service there, when they will -be granted the customary leave of absence. The first division of the Clare Regiment arrived inDnblin on Friday from Neewport, Wales, on the way to Clare Castle and Ennis, there to be stationed. The first division of the 2d Somerset Regiment from Richmond Barracks embarked on Saturday on board the Calypso ,for England.
TPROOPS IN CANADA. The following despatch has been laid before the Canadian Parliament:- " Dowvning-street, May 2. "Sir,-You are aware that the Treaty of Peace provides for the prompt evacuation by Her Majesty's forces of foreign territories at present held by them; and that,among other arrangements for the distribution of the army on its return from active service, orders have been given that five regiments shaU be selected to be stationed in British North America, of which three are allotted to Canada. " Such an amount of force, is not of a character to afford much room for misconception as to the purpose of Her Majesty's Government, bat still I think it better to address to you a few remarks in explanation of that purpose. " Earl Grey's despatch to Lord Elgin, of the 14th of March, 1851, laid down the principles which were then adopted by Her Majesty's Government in regard to their colonial policy, considered in a military point of view; and, in reserving to the mother country the duty of maintaining garrisons for fortresses of chief importance, such as Quebec, invited the co-operation of the province for the auxdliary measures of defence. The vigour with which at this moment a militia force is being organized justifies our continuing to place, as we do place, the fullest reliance on this policy. " It is not, of course, to be expected that the forco of the garrisons alluded to shu&ild be at all times of an mivarying strength. It may valy occasionally from military or political reasons. Daring the war just ended, when the chief nilitary stre-,6 h of the empire had to be concentrated for the oper. tions in the East, regiments stationed in Canada c:erewithdrawn; andas mypredecessor,SirGeorge fire, n 3,1 inedina despa3ch,datedthellthof August,l15, incrased responsibility was thrown upon the province. That emergenlcy has now happily passed away; but, although the regular soldiers in Canada may bie more or fewer at any particular time, the policy of Her Majesty's Government conitinues the same, and they desire to place their main dependence on the well-proved loyalty and courage of Her Majesty's Canadian subjects to repel any hostile aggression, should the occasion ever unfortunately occur; although in that event Her Majesty's Government would not fail to give to the province the full support of the whole power of the British empire. " You will take care that no misapprehension on this subject shall exist in Canada, which might produca any relaxation of the honourable exertions which the province is now making to establi.h a suitable militaryorganization. I have had the greatest satisfaction in submitting to Her :Majesty the accounts which you have transmitted to me of the spirit and energy withwhich all classes of her Canadian subjects have come forward fo carry into effect the provisions of the new Ahlitia Act, and I trust that the result -vill be that: this local force will speedily be placed on a footing of permanent efficiency. " I have, &c., H. LABOUCHIERE. "Governor Sir Edmund Head, Baronet."
QUABANTINE AT MALTA. | Ve regret to see on the part of the 3altda Chamber of Commerce an attempt to revive certain antiquated regulations, very prejudicial to the development of commercial intercourse. The following correspondence has passed between the local GovernLment and the C)hamber:- "Chamber of Commerce, Valetta, April 5, 1856. "Hon. Sir,-Thc Chamber of Commerce, in acknowledging the receipt of Sour letter, dated the 2d inst. in reply to that of the Chamber addressed to you on the Nth ult., respecting arrivals in this port having on board fever sick, 4deems it its duty to submit that, as the precautionary measures alluded to in your letter have not been publicly made know-n, the Chamber has reason to fear that the other sanitary boards of the Mediterranean, doubting such measures to be sufficient to remove the danger of the introduction of the malady into the country, might probably subject to quarantine arrivals from Malta in their ports. "In consecitence of this uncertainty, the Chamber takes the liberty to beg of your Excellency that the measures alluded to may be published; and it emnbraces this opportunity to submuit to your Excellency that great benefit would result to the commerce of this island if the Government would be pleased to make known to the public the regulau tiorsatpresentadopteyth: Health Department of alt, "GCIOVANN'I SCIORTINO, Assistant-Secretary. "To the lHon. VictorHioulton, Esq., Secretary to Government, &c." "Chamber of Comerce, Valetta,May 2. "Hon. Sir,-The Chamber of Commerce, in its letter of the 2Jth of Mlarch ult., submitted to his Excellency the Governor the necessity of adopting sanitary measures with reference to arrivals from the ports of the Levant where typhus is prevalent, and in its other letter of the 5th of Aplil it took the liberty of suggesting that the precautionaryaneasures which his Excellency has b2en pleased to adopt vith regard to the abovementioned arrival5should be made public, in order that the neighbouring sanitary boards of the Mediterranean should not find by reason of silence a motive to impose quarantine restrictions upon arrivals from Malta-a suggestion which has not been adopted by the Government, and Lto which the Chamber has not had the. honour of an answer. "s2. The Chamber, in the fulfilment of its duties, finds itself now in the unpleasant position of submitting to his Excellen^y that what it forebode has unfortunately taken place. In fact, this island, for the reason above stated, has been put in quarantine with Sicily and with nearly all the Italian continent, as also with the neighbouring coast of Barbary. The Chamber deems it unnecessary to explain how prejudicial are such quarantines to the local commerce. It is, therefore, an incumbent duty upon it to beg again of his Excellency the Governor that adequate measures be adopted by the Health Department, as much with the view of remedying the injury that conmmerce is suffering and will suDler in consequence of the abovementioned quarantines as lo insure the public health of the place. Mleanwhile the Cbamber takes the liberty to inform his Excellency that the eils arising from quarantine do not weigh merely upon commerce, but are felt by the population in general, as one of the immediate consequences of the interruption of free communication w'ith Sicily and Barbary is an increase iin rce of al articles of food of primary necessity. " 3. Besides the injury arising from the fact of precautionary measures not being adopted in this island of a nature to inspire confidence in the other sanitary boards in the hIediterranean, the Chamber forebodes that much greater evils will be experienced later by this state of things. 11 4. The Chamber also considers it its duty to submit to the oonsideration of his Excellency that it is currently reported here that cholera has manifested itself at Misnrata, and sumallpox of a very virulent description at Tripoli - and as these places are in free communication with Maltsl the Cbamber takes the liberty to beg that his Excellency will be pleased to investigate the fact, inorderthat, if such be t e case, proper measures may be adopted for the protection of the mercantile interests and the health of the population before any serious inconvenience may result. " 5. Finally, the Chamber takes the liberty to repeat its reqvest that his Excellency the Governor should cause to be pubILshed the sanitary measures which it hopes his Excellency will adopt, so that the foreign consuls may be able to give an exact report of the precautions taken by the Health Department of Malta, and avoid doubts whvich can have no other result than that of interrupting the free communication of this island with places wvith which it has frequent and very important commercial relations. "I have the honour to be, &c., "GIOVAINNI SCIORTflO, Assistant Secretary. " To the ion. V. Houlton, Chief Secretary to Government, &c." " Chief Secretarys-office, Valetta, MLay 6. "Sir,-I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter, dated 2d inst., on the subject of quarantine. " 2. His Excellency the Governor desires mo to inform you tlat, in consequence of the arrival of cases of -typhusI fever in transports fronm the Levant, a grant of money was obtained from the Council of Government for the purpose of establishing a separate hospital for such cases at the Lazaretto, and which was accordingly formed there. The Governor is happy to be able to inform the Chamber that, so far from the fever spreading, there remains this day only one man in that hospitaL " 3. Another similar hosuital is established at the Iazaretto for fever cases brought from the Levant by French ships. The number of fever cases in the French hospital this day is nine. "44. Both these hospitals are conducted on the principle of ordinary fever hospitals, a principle answering well without in any degree impeding the passage of troops from the East, an object which it is essential to guard against. "5. As respects vessels from Tripoli, I have to inform you that orders have been given to the superintendent of the ports to subject to quarantine all vessels coming thence nt they shall have been visited by the medical health ofiicer, and that ofiEcer's report considered. "6. W1ith respect to the last paragraph of your letter, I am furtlher to iinform you that the Governor has directed that all sanitary rules or occasidnal restrictions shall he publshed. "I have the honour to be, Sir, " Your most obedient servant, "VICTOR HOULTON, Chief Secretary to Government. "To the Secretory to the Chamber of Coinmerce, &C.
I THE ABA IY THE C?IBEEA. GENRATR OT)R1DRP * ~~~Head-quarters, Sebastopol, May 16. No. 1. The Regimental promotions and appoiritments published by authorityiu the London G6Uet o the 29th or April will take effect in this army from their respective dates. No. 2. The Secretary of State for the War Department having directed that the zemoval of the whole of the stores of the army shall be accounted for by Captain Gordon, Ordnance Storekeeper, all requisitions for the transport of stores, including those;of the field andsiege trains, medical departmnent, Land Transport and Army Works Corps, will be made to Captain Gordon previous to embarcation. When the cargo of a vessel is completed the Master's receipt, in the usual form, will be sent to Captain Gordon, who will consigirithe vessel to such port as his instructions order. No. 3. -The Field-Marshal Commanding in Chief has been pleased'to grant leave of absence, at the recommendation of amedical board, to QuartermasterDonnelly, Land Transport Corps, to July 23; on medical certificate, to Brevet-Lieutenant-Colonel King, 49th Regiment, to June 30. For the recovery of their health, to Brevet-Lientenait-Colonel Whimper, 55th Regiment, to August 31; Paymaster Mosley, 20th Regiment, to June 11 ; Surgeon Dwyer, 34th Regiment, to June 20 ; ind on private affairs to LieutenantCaldwell, Land Transport Corps, to Mfay 15; Paymaster Brown, 95th Regiment, to June 20; Assistant-Surgeon Cowan, 45th Regiment, to May 24. INo. 4. A General Court Martial will assemble at the head-quarters of the Highland Division, at U anm. on Saturday, May 7, for the trial of such prisoners as may be brought before it. President, Colonel Huey, 2d battalion 1st Foot; members, 4 field-officers, 8 captains, 2 sabalterns, to be detailed from the llighland Division. Deputy-JudgeAdvocate, Mr. W. G. Romaine. Members-names and dates of commissions to be sent to the Assistant-Adjutant. General, Highland Division, by 4 p.m. this da No. 5. The 46th Regimaent will embarXk in the Britannia the 68th Regiment will embark in the Ripon. The Qua;rtermaster-General wll maake the necessar arrangements. No. 6. Supernumerary officers and soldiers who remain in the Crimea on thenembarcation of the 46th and 48th Regiments will be attached to the 4th Regiment. No. 7. The undermentioned Staff Officer will rejoin his regiment from the 17th inst. inclusive-Brevet-Major Garrett, 46th Rtegiment. No. S. Captain Finch Hatton, lNorthamptonshire Militia, having been attached to the Land Transport Corps, may draw field allowance at 5s. a-day, from March I to Mlay 3. No. 9. Lieutenant J. Robertson, 95th Regimnent, being in command of a company, may draw field allowance anu forage as a cantain, from March L No. 10. TJ,ve: f absence is granted to LieutenantColonel Bui dest, -uldstream Guards, to July31; Captain Nugent, 2d lDragoons, to May 31; Captain the Ron. F. Fitzelarecice, 10th Hussars, to July15; Lieutenant Stirling, Royal Horse A-tillery, to June 10; Lieutenant F. Currie and Ensign Lord Loath, 79th Regiment, to May 15; and to the Revs.Ilr. Lewes andH. M'Dongall, officiating chaplains, to proceed to England. On arrival they will report themselves to the Adjutant-GeneraL On medical certficate, to Lieutenant Donovan, 1st Dragoon Guards, to Aug. S; and at the recommendation of medical boards to Lieutenant Wyse, 48th Regiment; Lieutenant Clerk, 1st battalion Rifle Brigade; Surgeon Fasson, 95th Reziment, to proceed to England. On arrival they 'will report themselves to the A djutant-SeneraL. By order, C. A. WLNDHAM, Chief of the Staff. lHead-quarters, Sebastopol, May 17. No. L The following circular memorandum, dated Horse Guards, MIay 9, 1850, is published for the information of officers commandingregmnents:-"It having been observed that a discrepancy exists in the mode of accounting in the returs for soldiers transferring their services from one regiment to another, it has been determined that all transfers which have hitherto been ordered to take place from the firSt shall henceforth take effect from the last day of the month, to which date, inclusive, the men will be settled with in their old corps; and they are consequently to be struck offthe strength of the one regiment and borne as effective in the other regimentin the monthly returns made upon the following day. " By command "G. BRow,, Adjntaut-General." N2o.2. The following officer has joined the staff of this army Medical Department :-Dispenser of Medicines John M'Ew an, from May 12. No.S. A proportion of the books in charge of the chaplains of the several divisions will be distributed to each regiment on its embarcation. The commanding officer will either give them over to a garrison library on the arrival of the regiment at its destination, or retain them, under pro. per care, for the use of the reginient. lNTo. 4. Captain Beresford, Scots Fnsileer Guards will proceed to England to join the 2d battalion, to which he has been posted. No.5. Captain Stt, 21st Regiment, supernumerary of his rank with the service companies, will proceed to I nzand. lo6. Leave of absence is granted to Lieutenant-Colonel the Hon. R. Charteris. Septs usileer Guards, to the 31st of July; Brevet-Majors Fausett and Robinson, 44th Regiment, to the 15th of August; Deputy-Inspector-General of Hosyitals Taylor, to the 20th of June; Lieutenant Agnew, 9th Regiment, to the 10th of June; and Lieutenant Stirling, Royal Horse Artillery, to the 7th of June. N\o. 7. The following soldiers are appointed Clerks in the Land Transport Corps :-Lance-corporal J. Riddick, L.aud Transpcort Corps, at hs. d. a-day, vice Sergeant Pickering, Land Transpcort Corps, from the 16th of Maiy;- Driver Thomnas llrton, Land Transport Corps, at is. -dy, from the 16th of May. C. . 7LorDer Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, May 18. No. L The Russian cemetesies -within the English lines and the enclosures of the churches, to which the necessities of war have c<aused damage, will be as mnuch as possible repaired. Major-General Garrett, KXH., will send fatigue partes for this purpose to the cemetery in front of the Left Attack, to level the trenches and rifle-pits and to rebuild the walL Colonel MMurdo will order parties from the Land Transport Corps to repair the wall round the church and gravevard at Karani and remove the encroachments upon it. Lieutenant-Colonel Harding, commandant, will see to those in BalakLava, and cause them to be restored as jar as circumstances wvillpermit. No.2. 3Major A. F. Lennos, Royal Artillery, havingbeen appointed to act as a field officer, may draw field allowance accordingly. No. 3 Leave of absence is granted to Captain the Hon. W. H. Herbert, 4Gth Rlegiment, to July 3L By order, C. A. WWINDHA, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Mayl9. No. L At a General Court-martial, held at lamara, in the Crimea, on the 17th of May, in pursuance of an order of General Sir W. J. Codrington, MC.B., commanding the forces, dated the 16th of Aay, Private John Crackwel, of the 42d (Royal Highland) Regiment, was tried on the followin- charge :-F~or having, at Camp, Kamara, on or about tihe 7th of aid-y, folomionssly 'stabbed in the neck Corooral William Dick-, of the 42d (Royal Highland) Rogiment,-with intent.to disable, or to do him some grievous bodily harm; to whichicharee the prisoner pleads that he is "Guilty" Sentence.-The Court havingfound the prisoner " Guilty of the charge preferred against hiim, which being in breach of the articles of war, and having received evidence of his previous bad character and of a previous conviction, do now adjudge him, the Prisoner, Private John Crockwvell, of the 42d (Royal Highland) Regiment, to be kept to penal servitude for the term of six years, in such plice as one of Her Majesty's principal Secretaries of State may from time to time appoint. R. W. HUEY, Colonel, 2d battalion, 1st Regiment. W. G. ROMAINE, Deputy Judge-Advocate. Approved and confirmed. W. J. CODRI.YGTON, General Commanding. 1May 17. No. 2. The general court martial of which Colonel Hey, 2d battalion, 1st Regiment, vas president, is dissolved. No. 3. Detachments of the Royal lery, to be detailed by Lieutenant-General Sir Richard Dacres, K.C.B., wvill embark in the transports the Arabia and the Queen of the South. The Quartermaster-General will make the necessa arrangements. Na. 4. The Third Division of the army being broken UP, the field batteries of the Royal Artillery lately attached to it will for the future report direct to Lieutenant-General Sir Richard Dacres, RC.B., commanding Royal Artillery. \To. 5. The following appointment in the Commissariat is notifieda- -Mr. Henry Rivaz to be an established Commissariat clerk ; appointment dated February L No. 6. Major W. W. Bary, Royal Artillery, having been appointed to act as a field officer, may draw field allowance accordingly, from May 7. No. 7. Acting-Assistant-Sargeon De Boisiere will embark with the 55th Regiment, and accompany it to Gibraltar. No. S. Staff-Assistant-Surgeon Stiles will take medical charge of Captain Pigou's Small Arm Brigade, vice Tydd, grone on leave. No. 9. Second blankets and rugs will be returned into' store wheni regiments are ordered for embarcation. No. 10. Lieutenant .L Macleod, 42 REegiment, attached to the Land Transport Corps, will rejoin his regiment. No. 1L In accordance with General Order No. 1, of 26th of Aplil, forage may bc lrawn for the under- mentioned omcer's horse .-Lieutenant-Colonei lon. F. Colberne, CB, for one horse. No. 12 Leave of absance is granted to Captain Wheatley, Scots Fusileer Guards, to the 31st of July; Lieutenant Oates, 97th Reghuent, to the 31st of August; AssistantSurgeon Tydd, 5Sth Regiment, to the 20th of August; and on nmedical certificate to Captain Twemlow, 7th Regiment, to the 5th of June, to proceed to the MIonastery. By order, C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, May 20. No. L The Field-M1arshal Comimanding-in- Chief has been pVeed to grant leave of absence, until the establishment of is regiment is fixed, to Ensign Mant, 77th Regiment. No. 2. The regimental promotions and appointments published by authority in the London Garuste of May2, wil take effectin this army from their respective dates. No. 3. WVith reference to General Order No. 1 of the 8th inst. the nominal lists of non-commissioned officers and soldiers of regiments in the Crimea who have been selected toreceive the decoration of the French military war medal will be sent to the Military Secretary, Head- ! quarters, by noon on the 22d inst. Information has been I received that this military medal cannot be conferred on I those officers referred toin the General Order. A duplicate list will be retained by each regiment orcorps. .No. 4. The undermentioned regiments, having embarlked at Scutari for England, are strnck off the strength of this army as follows:-The 5th Hussars, from April 24; the 17th Lancers, from April 29; thce1gi Light D±agoans, from May 4; the 4th Ieght Dragoons, *roi May 5 *the 1st Dragoons, from-Mfay 13; the 6th Dragoon- Guards, fro?m May 14. The remaining regziments' of the' Cavalry Division 'wil be attached to Brigadier-Gneral Pariby'6 Brigade. No,.5. The head-quarter of the Sarddina army having leftthe Crimea, Colonel Hon. G. Cadogan wi proceed to fEglknd. On his arrival he wiu rep3rt himself to the Adiutant-GeneraL -No. 6. The charge for duck-frocks, now available for 165ne to the troo wil be3 3L mc, in acordance with' the "'Queen's latlions and Orders for the Army," pageSd67. Io. 7. The-anermentioned offloers h&Yavignembar'keafor E3ngland, are discontinued from theStaff of t army from the 15th of May iniclusive :-Brigaffier-G-eneral Lordl G. Paget, .B., 4th Dra9oon; Captain Mrartin, 4th Dragoons, Aide-de-Camp. No. 8. The 30th and 55th Regiments winl embark in the6 Gre8t Britaie. The Quarteraster-General will make the necessary arrangements, i1o. 9. SuperumeraxY officers and soldiers who remain in t-he Crimea on thle elbercation of the 30th and 55thL Regiments will be attached to the 95th Regiment. No. 10. The undermentioned Staff officer will rejoin his regiment from the 21st inst. inclusive for embaroation:Brevet-Major Werge, 55th Regiment. No. 1L Captain Sir George Eampson, Bart., 2d Dragoons, having acted as a field officer, may draw feld allowance and forage accordingy while second in command of hisregiment, from December 24,1S55. No. 12. Captain Thynne, 2d Battalion Rifle Bri"ade, is appomted Second Aide-de-Camp to Major-Genera Lord Aillim Paulet, C.B., with the pay and allowances, from o. 13. The folloving officers, being in command of troops or companies, may draw field allowance and forage as captains:-Lientenant H. Evans, 38th Regiment, from. May 5, 1S50; Lieutenant Herring, 30th Regment, from April 1, 1856; Lieutenant R. Fitzgerald, 1st Dxraoons, from M1arch 1, 1856. No. 14. Leave of absenceis granted to Colonel St. Geo C.B., of the Royal Artillery, to Augusto0; Captain BoMI Royal ArtUlery, toAzgast 31; CaptainVenables, S74Regsimeat, to 3nne 30; War Department Clerk J. Easton, to June 5; in entension, on medical certificate, to LieutenantColonel Pratt, 41st Regiment, to the 31st of Miay. Nfo, 15. hlajor Hon. WV. Knox, 21st Regiment, havin g left twro char,,ers at the pnblic service, forag,e may be draw By order, C. A. WINDHAI, Chief of the Staff. Ie narters, Sebastopol, May 2L No. L The Co4=ander of the Fores does not consider it necessary that armed parties should accompany divisioniaL convoys of the Land Transport Corps emploved in the. conveyance of stores between Bala;lava and the camps. Fatigae patties to unload the carts will be sufficient No. 2. Invalids selected by the principal medical officer for removal to the Bosphorns will embark in the Ottawa to. morrow, the 22d inst. sNominal rolls and ration certificates will be sent, before 12 o'clock on that day to Staff-Paymaster MEacdonnell, at Balaklava. Nominal rolls and ration certificates will also be sent with the soldiers at the time of embarc-ation to the officer in miltary charge of the detach. ments on board the Ottawa. No. 3. Fresh meat will be issuedto the troopsfive days in each week until further orders. No. 4£ The services of Brigadier-General Barlow being no longer reguired on the Staff in Turkey, in consequenoe of the breaking up of this army, leave of absence is granted to him from the date of embarcation to the 31st of July, 1856, to proceed to England. NTo. 5. The following officer, ivhose appointment on the Staff will be discontinued, will rejoin his regiment from tomorrew inclusive:-Captain W. Heyward, 14th Regiment. No. 6. The 95th Regment Will be attached to the Secofid Brigade, Second Division, from to-morrow inclusive. No. 7. With reference to General Order No. I of the 14thinst., Staff eterinarySurgeon Cooper will do duty with the Land Trausport Corps, and will be available for the Staff dutiesof the Light Division. No. S. Captain Peddie, 41st Regiment, supernumerary of his rank with the service compes, wall proceed to Malta. NTO. 9. The appointment of Ensign Patrickson, 21st RegimeAt, to do,duty with the land Transport Corps, is cncelled at his own request. No. 10. Leave of absence is granted to Lientenart. Colonels J. Stuart and F. Wynyard, and Captains J. Murray and C. Hogge, Grenadier Guards, to the 31st of July. No. IL The following soldiers are appointed clerks in military departments :-Gunner and Driver Tbonaas M'Gooney, R.A., Head-quarters, Royal Artillery, at Is. a day, i-icc Gunner and Driver WVoolcockr, from dayS; - Ser-. geant-Conducter W. Sands. Royal Artillery, Qnarterrnast-cr-- General's-Department, at 2s. a-day, from May 15. By ordier. C. A. WINDHM II, Chief of the Staff. Read-quarters, Sebastopol, May 22. No. L The Commander of the Forces espects that each_ regiment will leave its camp perfectly clean, the huts empty, temporary stables and ;itchens levelled, dug-ont tents and. latrines filled up. General officers wil be pleased to tur' their attention to this subject, which is of importance to the health of the troops whoremain. No. 2. The following officer, whose apntment on the Staff has been discontinued, has rejoined his regiment from, May 20 inclusive :-Captain Forde, 46th Regiment. NLo. 3. Detachments of the Royal Artillery, to be detailed by lieutenant-General Sir R. Dacrcs, K-C.B., will embarkin the Trent. The 92d Regiment will embark in the Alps. The Quartermaster-Generalwill make the neoessary arrange. ments. No. 4. Supernumerary officers aud soldiers who remain. inthe Crimea on the embareation of the 92d Regiment will be attached to the 93d Regiment. No. 5. The services of Dispenser of Medicines .Ir1 lrezwr being nn longOr required il to CL .o , -I1 pr- ceed to EngLand. On arrival he will report himself to the Adjutant-GeneraL No. 6. The following soldier is appointed clerk in a military- department :-Sereant Pickford, 1st Battalion Rifle igade, at ls. Gd. a-day, -icc Corporal Hudson, 20th Regi-- meat, fromu May 17. C. A. WlNDHAhD , Chief of 'he Sta-ff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, May 23. No. 1. The Qacen has been pleabsed to give orders for the. appointment of Lieutenants-General Henry Williams Barnard, C.B., and Henry lord Rokeby to be ordinarv members of the Military Division of thc Second Class, or knights Commanders of the Most Honourable Order of theBath. No.2. The Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief has been pleased to grant leave of absence, at the recommendation of amedical board, to Lieutenant-Colonel Mauleverer, 30th Renment, to July 30. On the breaking up of a division or brigade of the axmy the general and division order-books an piiblic documents will be collected by the Assistant-Adjutant-General of the division, indexed and marked, and brought to the Adjutant-Generars office. The Assistant-Quartter asrGeneral will in the same manner return to the Quarter. master-General's office the booLks and documents connected with his department. Regiments will retain the general orders and memoranda issued to them. No. 4. Detachments of theRoyal Artillery, to be detailea by Lieutenant-General Sir R. Dacres, K.C.B., will enbark in the Indiana and the Sarah Sands. A detachment of the Royal Sappers and Miners, to be detailed by the Command-. ing Royal Engineer, will embark in the Perseverance. The 13th Regiment will embark in the Chersonese ; the S9thRegiment in the Perseverance. The QuartermasterGeneral will make the necessary arrangements. No. 5. Suoernumerary officersandsoldiers who remainin theCrimea nthe einbarcationof the 89th Regiment and those of the 39th Regiment who were attached to thle 89th Regiment will be attached to the thRegiment; those oE the 13th Regiment will be attached to the 56th Regiment. N=o. 6. Brevet-aMajor Daniell, Major of Brigade, wil obe transferred from Colonel A dams's Brigade, Fourth Division, to Brigadier-General Warren's Brigade, Balaklavo, from No. 7. The 38th Regiment will be transferred to Briga-. dier-General Warren's brigade from to-morrow inclusive. No. 8. The regiments of the 1st Brigade, Highland Division, will report direct to Major Cameron until further orders. No. 9. The ammunition of infantry regiments will be given in to the divisional reserves the day previous to their emlarcation. The Commissary of Ordnance will put a proper proportion of ammunition on board each vessel.'i No. 10. Lieutenant Godlev, 56th Regiment, being in command of a company, may w fieldallowance and for4e as a captain from Way 16. No. 11. The undermentioned staff officers will rejoin their regiments for embarcation :-Colonel Ferryman, Liettenant Browning, Captain Cuppage, 89th Regiment, froxm 23d inst. inclusive; and Captain Jones, 13th Regiment, from 24th inst. incensive. No. 12. The undermnentioned regiment, having embarked' at Scutari for England, is struck- off the strength of this army:-12th Lancers, from May 18. No. 13. Captain W. O. B. Taylor, 1Sth Regiment, super numerary of his rank with the service companies, will proceedto England tojoin the dep&t. No. 14. Leave of absence is granted to Colonel Lewis,. Grenadier Guards, and Captain Coop, 57th Regiment, to July 31; and Assistant-turgeon W. A. White, 47th Regiment, to August 25. By order, C. A.VLIEA, Chief of the S',aff.
THE EToyAN FSivAx,-The noblemen and. gentlemen educated at Eton celebrated their anniversTry festival on Saturday evening at the Thatched-houEe Tavern The Earl of Carnarvon presided, and about GO Etonians weze present, After the accustomed toasts to Her Majesty and the loyal family, the chairman gave " Te Churchb,' coupled with the name of the Rev. E. Coleridge, who -eturned thanks. The next toast was "The Ariny and [Navy," in proposing which the chairman remarked upon I the courage and devotion exhibited by both services during the late war. Colonel Brownrim, in returning thaners on the part of the army, tre testimony to the cordial feeling which had always existed between tke army and navy in the Crimea. N;othing, he said, seemed tot please the gentlemen of the latter service more than to be able to get a sick officer on board, in order that they might vie with each other i adminsterig to his wants and comforts. Thanks wverealso rthe navy, 'when the chairman proposed the toas of "Eton Statesmen," with the :Right Hon. Spencer Walpole, and may Etonia posses many sons lk-e him Cheers.) r. WValpole, in acknowledging the toast, said tuat some of the most eminent statesmaen of the present day were Etonians. Several othtr toasts particularly connectedwiththe occasion were then given and the company did not separate till neary midnight. [Advertisement.J-The Smuggler," by John Banim; author of "The O'ra amiy." 1ew and cbeapedili. P;ieei ~boards; cloth, 2s &t,r.r rreebypose fortwo sams atra. Aroost exeting and interesting novel, oilI of dar.Dg are adveutitre. Also ready, "Hradlon Lall and llighetare Abbey," price Is; by I ,. Pacaock. FihUlof ertraocdinary lnU,rmasiouton she nubject r-bofh and supernatural agencywl1 be eagerly read Sy all locOTs Of sibe harrellous ife of a bailosr by Captain Chibamer; price A&: cloth, in d; * posS free for twvo extra r,PSe hbe oouirageous exploila performed by olr llritish seamen narrated by Captain Chauier, ease rendered his sea novel,aeerved]y famors. "Ien Brace," by the same author; l, rice 2& ; clotb, 2s. 6a. Full of iDterestiDg, part5cular.s respecting Lel ,elsoo, relating many incldeuts in his private life hiThereonrecordedinhistory. Te Widow Barnaby, by 3Es Troalope rie 2& ; cloth, 2s 6d. . Aso J. Mr,rir' eelebrated Persian tIle." jn Babx in England:, price 15 ; cloth, 2S. Iondon, liVard and LOCI 18. Fleetteet.
.r O1Y-MA -ETand CITYINTELLIGENBC. Saturday Evening. The explanation by Lord Palmerston last evening that his indirect information of the " fact " of Mfr. Crampton having quitted Washington had been derived merely from a rtumour transmitted via Halifax by the America, -which left that port twvo days before the date of the more favourable letters since brought by the Atlantic, caused the English funds to open this morning at an advance of about a quarter per cent., at wnich they remained with steadiness until near the termination of business, when the market was rather less strong. Consols for the July account, which left o'F yesterday at 93- ex. dividend, *sere first quoted 93s to 94, but the fnal transactions were at 931 to 1. The amount of business throughout the day was limited. Consol scrip left off at 2; to I premitun; Bank Stock, 217 to 21S; Reduced, 931 to J; New Three per Cents., 941 to j; India 3Bonds, 2s. to Gs. premium ; Exchequer-bonds, 99; anid Exchequer-bills elaich) os. to Ss. premium, (June) Is. discount to 2s. premium. The unprecedented increase in the bullion shown by the last Bank return created a very favourable feeling to-day in the money-market. The loan and revenue payments during the present month will cause a large absorption of circulation by the Bank-, and thus temporarily keep the rate for accommodation uipto the terms of that establishment, but, with a continuance of the present prospects for the harvest, a fiuther decided increase of ea-ze and confidence may be anticipated ilmediately on the payment of the dividends. Foreign securities were steacly, but the transac- X tions continue limited. Turkish Six per Cents. wvere negotiated at !99, for money, and 99i for the account. In Mexican the transactions were at 229. The other bargains comprised-Buenos Ayres, 78; Peruvian Four-and a-Half per Cents., 78; Spanish Three per Cents., 47; Spanish NNew Deferred, for account, 2':le and s; and Dutch Tw-o-and-a-Half per Cents., G5l. The closin quotations of the French Three per Cents on the Paris Bourse this evening were 72f. for money, and 72f. 35c. for the end of the month, showing a rise of about a half per cent. The letters from Paris to-day state that the tendency to panic is subsiding. The railway mectings of the week have been unimportanit. The shareholders of the Oxford, Wllorcester, and Wolverhampton Company have elected their directors, and it has fieen arranged for Sir 3I. Peto to join the board as soon as he may be able to transfer an outstanding contract to a responsible successor. Special thanks have been voted to the committee of inquiry for their report. At the adjourned meeting of the West Hartlepool Company the report was agreed to. The recent establishment of steam communication between W1'est Hartlepool and Hamburg has had a most encouraging result. The diTidend declared at the Belfast and Ballymena meeting was 11. 7s. 6d. per share, less income-tax. Authority has been given to the directors to issue the remainder of the Cookstown Extension shares, and to borrow any slum or siuns of nioney not exceeding 40,000!. under the powers of the Extension Act of 1853. According to the report of the Killarney Jlunction Company,the commercial traffic is considerably increasing, and is expected further to augment on the completion of the line to Tralee. The London committee of the Zealand Railvay have issued a report stating that the entire line was opened on the 27th of April, and that, according to the contractors, it might have been opened live months earlier but for delays caused by neecUess interference on the part of the Danish authorities. The contractors, therefore, refuse to pay interest to the shareholders for the period from the 1st of November to the 27th of April, on the ground that they were not under any liability to do so after the completion of the works. The Danish Government, on the other hand, assert that the State guarantee of 4 per cent. was not to take effect except from the actual opening. In the dispute between the two parties the rights of the shareholders are unjustly sacrificed, and, if it be correct that the impediments tu auL earnler opeuing aro f£rom the Dauish authorities, it is not credi'table to the Government that by a literal adherence to the words of the agreementthey should take advantage of their owvn mismanagement. Advices from Caraccas (Venezuela), dated the 5th ult., state that considerable excitement had been created by a protest just issued by Senor Camacho, w-ho was sent out last year to enforce the claims of the Englishbondholders.SenorCamnachohavingaddressed a memorial to the President Mdonagas, exposing the liagitious course of tlle Finance Minister in neglecting the foreign debt of the Republic, although the revenue is ample for every requirement, was at once expelled the country. He retired to the island of St. Thomas, and thence put forth a protest, with a copy of his memorial, which obtained extensive circulation in Venezuela, notwithstanding the efforts of the Government for its seizure and suppression. 'The bitter offence excited by it is evidently attributable to the revelations it contains of the financial profligacy of the authorities,and of tIme creatures with w, hom they are in league. Akmong all the SpanishAmerican Governments Venezuela has long liguired as one of the worst in the scale of corraption and degradation, and, at the same time, as the most insolelnt. This is, probably, to be attributed to the impiunity ith wvhich she has been allowed to invade the rights, niot only of the foreign holders of her public debt, buit also of resident foreign merchants. A short time back a change seemed imminent, owing to the Dutch Governmlent having resolved to chastise President Mlonagas for an outrage on Dutch citizens, but, to the surprise of all, the representative of Great Britain was stated to havel intefered to avert the danger, and it appears that, by the exercise of his " good offices," he has contributed to enable the President to continue his despicable career. Advices from Messina of the 30th nIt. mention thatareduction of the export dutyon oil has at length been ordered, -which will make a difference of about C1. lOs. per ton on that from Sicily, and about 31. 15s. on that from Calabria and Naples. The specie arrivals of the week have amounted to about 1,100,0001., of which about two-thirds are silver. The shipments have comprised nearly a00,000. silver to India and China, and 200,0001. gold, purchased at a loss for some special purpose, and sent to Paris. The annexed information relative to the progress of English mining adventure is condensed from the "Tnere has been an active demand for mining shares this Week, and a considerable amount of business transacted in different dividend and other stocks, the market altogether having a more healthy and buoyant appearance. The dividends declared during the month of May on 20 English mines amoiunted in gross to 47,7761. At Boscean meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 4,207c.; a dividend of 31. per share was declared. At Ding Dong meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 4,6211. ; a dividend of :31. per share was declared. At Rosewarne United meeting the accounts showed a balance of 1,1171. in favour of thie mine, out of which a dividend of 21. per share was declared, carrying a balance of 9.3. to next account. The Holyford company have declared a dividend of 5s. per share. At Alfred Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 2,690l!; a dividend of Cs. per eha re was declared. At Bfed(ffor-d U-nit'ed mceet-i'ng-th'e accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 1,4U71. a dividend of 3s. per share was declared. At East Gunnis Lake and South Bedford Coasols meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 601. At Devon and Cornwall United meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 841. At Treloweth meeting the accountsrshowed a balance against adventurers of 6521. ; a call of 5s. per share was made. At South Fhcenix meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 6031.; a call of Is Wd. per share was made. At Clew Bay Mining meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 9a!. At North W`xrey Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance of liabilities over assets of 491.; a call of id. per share was made. At Wheal Ellen meeting the accountr showed a balance against the mine of 5!i .; a call of 2s. pershare was made. At Porto Bello meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mne of o4. a call of 2s. 6d. per share was made. At Rheidol MmAng meeting the accunts showed a balance against adventurers of 6271. At Bel and Lanarth meeting the accounts showed a balance againstadventurers .of 1301. At Great South Tolgus meeting tlhe accounts showed a balance against adventurers of S21-. - a calU of lOs. per share was made. At West lVheal Jane me eting {he accounts showed a balance against the mine of 1,35t7.; a rail of Sa. per share wvas made."' W 47ith regmird to foreign mining adventure, th e following pailigraph contains the principal featu lres : "The Mexican and South American Company have received advices to the lSth of April from their smelting eEtabliihments in (lili, ,At Caldera, the Chaucer was taking in a cargo of 370 tons of copper regulus, and the I rims Donna one of 20 tons of copper, 300 tons of copper 3 egulus, and 15 tons of argentiferous copper regulus. The Isabela has disebarged her cargo at Swvansea, and is loading for ChilL The Mariquita Mining Company have advicas, of which the following is an abstract :-Santa Ana Mines, for-March-cost, $6,86 ; returns, $9,307. In March there had been a deficient supply of water. The returns for April were expected tobe about $17,000. Marmato Mines, for February-cost, $11,590; returns, :8,469. This establishinent was suffering frem continued dry weather. Purima Mines, for February-cost, $4,321; returns, $4,068. This cost includesS806 expended on account of additional stampIing mils. The Anglo-Californian Gold Mining Company have advices to April%9, and a further remittance of 74oz. or gold. The resident director states that an arrangernent had been made with an American company to bring water to the company's works upon reasonable terms, and that the caral forbringing it was progressing, andthat he believed it would be shortly completed. The last 90 tons of ore crushed had yielded npon an average leoa of gold to the ton. The continued dryness of the season had much impeded continuous working, which impediment would be remuedied when the canal was completed. The Fort Bowen Company have reports to May S. Captain Tregoning writes-' I send you, through Mr. Cowan, 123oz. 9dwt. Sgr. (being produce for month ending April 20) of golddust, and a separate box containing samples from our lower wvorking.' Mr. Greif vrites on M-ay 5 from the mines-' During the past week I have realized 20oz. lldwvt 8gr., but the engine was not, from various causes, including repairs, worked in all more than 68 hours, and the sickness about hindered us. I have every confidence, notwithstanding, of being able to keep the Working cost of the mine covered by the 3 ield of gold.' The Royal Santiao advices reach to tho 8th of May. Ore raised for April- 5 tons of ore and 4 tons of precipitate. The captains are of opinion that they can raise from 90 to 100 tons for the month of May, and hope they will turn out more. Tlho United Mexican advices, dated Guanaxnato, April 28, aro niore favourable, both w ith regard to Jesus Maria and La Trinidad. Finances in Mexico:-The available assets on April 26 were $2,700 5 4, subject to liabilities. The balance in credit at the agents in Mexico, on March 31, was $2,671. Quicksilver.-The price of tlis article remains as Last quoted. The stock is ll,3201b." It is understood that the profits of the London Chartered Bank of Australia for the half-year endinlg the 31st of December will allow a dividend of lj per cent, for that period. By atypographical substitution of "U. S." for "N. S." it was stated thatthe new Atlantic line of steamers, mentioned yesterday, would call at Halifax, United States, instead of Ealifax, Nova Scotia.
EQUITABLE FIRE OFFICE. ANXVTAI.T RMPORT r AI,.,+' -- I the fifth annual general mzeePtinagsethie commpany, taendi to be atbe It before them a statenent of thc business for tne past year, wiith which the directors treast the shareholders fill feel welli satisified. The number of shares is5ued during the year ending December, 1855, v;as 216. The number of polices issued was 7,359. 5he premiums amounted to £52,S12 6s. lOd. The losses paidI during the year to £34,105 6s. 7d. The profiton the year, after the paymenlt of £2,103 in dividendg, and meeting the expenses connected with the removal of the office to this house, amotunts to £2,458: uot a large sum, but sufficient to show that the businesz is able to support itself. and to warrant the expectation that it will now rapidly increase si value. It will be observed that the paid-up capital in the balance-sheet causes the subscribed capital to appear less than it was atated at last year. The reason of this is, that a certain number of shares, which up to arecent period have encumnbered the share list as subscribed for but upon wfhichno instalment had ever been Paid. which shares could not be got rid of withouta formnal setof forf'eiture, have, esine last year, been fosmnal' forfeited; al.o, 261 shares upon which the call of 1853 had not been paid. The followin' tablewvil show the progress of the company duringthe five years triatEave elapsed since the isue of ins first polcy icyinAusrt 1 -ta The expectation of loss on lire risks is about 50 per cent. of the premiumns and when by the above taole it is sholwn that Vwith 63.E0 per cent. of loss, and 2T.67 per cent. of exPenses, the business is able to proeide for the dividends and leave a considerable balance, it may easily be understood how very favourable tlse result sill prove when we find our losses one year wvith another average about 0 oper cent. It wvil be also satisfactory to the shareholders to mark the regular diminution in thepercentage of expenses. The sum of £15,835, which represents the deficiency or loss up to the end of listyear, may be looked upon as the prce paid for the businessa very small sum to have paid fora thorougasy sound business, yielding last year a revenue of upwards of £S9000. while our experience in the present year promises an income of £60,C00. or It ray also be noted that of the?lX15 M dericiency, £6,442 has been aid to the proprietors in dividends WThe steps taken to improve our business in Canada, alludedto in the report of last year, have been attended with very satisfactory results. 'Tbat branch has, during the past year, contributed its fair proportion to the success of the company, and we have every to believe that it wvill continue to do so. Halifax. Newfoundland, and 'tinre Edward Island have also contributed their share of profit, but New Brunswick has not done so well as in formeryears. Our business in tlieUnited States has greatly increased and improved, chiefly in consequence of the purchase of the business of an American company under the sanction of the Supreme Court. The home busivess is increasing steadily, and, although in common with perhaps aU fire insurance companies without exception, our home losses for the lastthree years have much exceeded the average, trehave everyreason to expect that sears of losses faling belowv the average ,ilt now follow to restore the balance Interest at the rate of 5 per cent, per annum, free of income-tax, w Il be payable to shareholders on and after the Ist of AuguTst next. In conclusion, the direetors earnestly entreat the shareholders to g3ive thecm their united and cordial co-operation by doing all in their powver to prosote the interests of the company, andhbeg to reXmind them that, as members of a joint-stockompasy, it is their duty to one another, a wvell as their individual interest to do so. ABCHIBAI.D C,APIPBELL BARCLAY, Chairsoan.
CITY OF LlONDON xNION.-The guardians of the poor of the above union have lately subscribed for a testimonial to their respected chairman, Mr. T. Thornton, and at a dinner given by them to Mr. Thornton, at the tBrunswick Tavern, Blackwall, on the 13th of May, they presented to him a very handsome silver salver, with other plate, bearing the following inscription :-"Presented, with other plate, to Thomas Thornton, Esq., by the guardians of the City of London Union, as a tribute of personal regard, and. in testimony of their appreciation of the great ability, courtesy, and impartiality which he has uniformaly displayed in the discharge of his important duties as chairman of the board.-May 13, 18o6.' Mr. Deputy Conder presided at the dinner, and presented the plate in a complimnentary and eloquent speech. There were upwards of 80 subscribers to the plate, and the feelingof respect and regard towards their chairnian Nvas unanimous. MIr. Thornton has been six years chairman, having been previously four years vice. chairman, and 19 years a guardian. THE STEAMS}ir GERTRUDE.-This fine steamer commanded by Captain M. Brown, built by MIessrs. Martin Samuelson and Co., and fitted with their new patent screw propeller, has accomplished the passage out to St. Petersburg in five days and 19 hours, being the quickest run made to that port by any steamer this season. PuBLr4c PETrrio.Ns.-The 40th report of thekCommittee onPablic Petitions, published on Saturday, Tcludes 70 petitions a-ainst the disendowment of the church of Ireland, signed by 4,335 persons; 691 against the abo3ition of chupch.rates without prondmg an equivalent, signed by 26,545 persons; six ainst the proposed amendments in the Church-rates Bill ir W. Clay's), signed by 1,353 persons; 529 for a repea of the Maynooth College Act, signed by 106,110 persons; 15 for abelisbirS the oath of abjuration, signed oy 902 persons; 45,against the Agricu1tuza statistics Bill, signed by 5,479 pdrsons; 30 for a decimal col,age, signed by 1,294Fersons - 6S againsttheL10ndon CO. pasac:on Reform Bill, signed by 4.639 persons and 279 againtb .the Scotch Parochial Sclwos Bill, signed by 14,053 perkEne.
R,FfAY AND MINING SHARE7. Saturday Evening. The railway-market was rather firmer, and transactions in some cases took place at a slight advance. French and Belgian exhibited heaviness, owing to the absence of purclhases. There was no alteration of consequence in Indian descriptions, and prices on the average were fairly supported. Few operations occurred in miscellaneous securities, but those connected with the land and banking companies exhibited steadiness. Ottoman Bank left off M to 1 pm.; Bank of Egypt, par to j pm.; Bank of?switzerland, par to i pm. ; Western of London, 4Q to 0 dis. ; London and Fa-is, 4 to 3 dis.; Alliance Bank, 2 to 1 dis., ; ational Discount Compay, # to k dis.; 31iga Railway, 1 to 8 pm.; Pernambuco, Ito * pm. ; and Lombardo-Venetian, i5- to i pm. unTN1ARV RHARPER AIn RUT"XLR
MODEL LODGING-ROUSES.-A very real interest attaches to the question whether model lodging-honses pay or not as an investment. We cannot expect that a continuous exercise of alms-giving shonid supply the labouring classes of London with wholesome, comfortable, and decent homes. The process must break down; the funds and the spirit that p?roduces them mnust be exhausted. We have tnought again and again upon the matter, and come to the certain conclusion that if the rents now charged for the exceUent accommodation provided will not yield a sufficient interest,onthe behalf of the tenants as well as of the landlords, the scale of payments should be raised. A shining or two a-week set against the ill health of the bread-gainer, or the doctors' bills to be paid for his family, or against his own discomfort and discouragement, or against the temptation to fly to stimulants as an aUleviation of disgust, is a sum really not to be grudged from the w-ages of the poorest vworking man. A home is the basis of all his enjoyments, and of all his chances of prosperity and advancement. But it might be difficult to impress this truth upon the thoughtless, and, fortunately, the Gordian knot is cut for us; model lodging-houses do give exceUent returns for capital, and, therefQre, it can only be mismanagement or walnt of judgment that makes them unprofitable concerns, and irresolution, hypocrisy, or unpardonable cold-heartedness that prevents the trustees of municipal funds from providing this first means of life and health for those who are displaced to pIe or subserve the more fortunate classes. Mr. Joln Ne=son, of 38, Grosvenor-mews, llewBond-street, writing to Thc Times on the subject, tels us that he has erected " one building (in place of a filthy heap of hovels} having accommodation for 32 small famailies, with every convenience of water, dust-shafts, closets, coal cellars, washhouse, &c., atrents from 3s. 6d. to 5s. each." He soldthis to a benevolent comniittee. "It proved successful every way." He built another house and has " every reason to be satisfied with the venture," and he has had the satisfaction of removing his present tenants from single rooms in courts and over stables for which they had paid from 3s. to 6s.-a week. His rooms are never unlet, and he concludes:-" Should I be offered a plot of ground upon reasonable terms and favourably situated as regards light, ventilation, &c., for the purpose, I shall be most hap y to erect, atmy own cost, buildings of a similar kind." Iaow, with the highest reverence and affection for the philanthropy which has led the way in this cause, here is an offer worth practically more than al that charity has achieved. Public bodies never manage their affairs, especially those on a comparatively limited scale, with anytliing like the economy practised by individual capitalists and tradesmen. Let the city farm its eligible spots to 31r. Newwon. He wi make a fortune by doing good to his fellow-creatures, and the corporation will tun a reproach into an honour. If architectural decoration be desirable, let the city funds pay for that. At all events, here are the two parties to a matually excellent bargain; and if what the citizens call public spirit be not absolute fuidge, some member of the Common Council will insist upon opening a communication with 3Mr. Newson, and the body at large will inaugurate a plan for facilitating the application of business enterprise to this purpose, by offering every encouragement to him and his fellows to become tenants, on long buildig leases, of such waste property in the very heart of the moetropolis as ould be most coveted for the position of dwelIiags by the humbler folk, wvhoge labonr earns their living m the neighbourhooeL The "way" is open; is there the "will" to walk in it?-
SrATZ OP TBADE. {AKACHSESTER, T,E 7. The market continues dul and there is lessbusiness doing at the close of the week even tEan at the opeg. The demand for longolotbs continues to be onia small scle, the principal buyers being out of the market Stocks are acou mulating a little, but prices -re steady. T-doths anl heavg domestics have been taken only in smal quantities. Pinting cloths have not taken the demand we], and prices are rather in favour of the buyer. Shirtings were taken in fair quantity at the commencement of the Meek for China, bn; the demand for that market has since decreased, andlast week's rates are scarcely maintained. In yarns also the 4emand, for all descriptions, continues limited. Bayers for export as wellas home consumptionsare only taking sufficient to meet their most pressing requirements, and prices though not much deprzs":d, are somewhat more favourable to the buyr bufessrsStaverft, Zigomala, and Co., intheir circular for the Ulnited States, per America, issued yesterday, remark:- " Notwithstanding that the new transactions of 'the past month have been extremely contracted, yet there is not as yet any accumulation of stocks, orgreateagerness displayed by producers to force sales at reduced values. The stronm hand with which cotton has been held in the face of this reactionary condition of demand, of high rates of money, increasiDng stocks, and continued prospects of abundant supplies, has contributed to the steadiness 'vith which spmners and manufacturers have withstood the attempts of buyers to beat down prices. Within the past 10 days there has been less firmness, and, in cases where producers have completed their contracts, limited purchases have been made at a decline of 2A to 5 per cent. on the rates current a month ago. We have, however, arrived at a dull period of the year, just antecedent to the half-yearly stock-taking and between the -seasons; hence even the reduction of interest, equal to 2 per cent. on long dated bills, does not appear to have imparted any increase of vitality to either the Liverpool or Manchester markets. The agricultural prospects, notwithstanding the retarding influence of cold and arid east winds, happily succeeded by oopious rains and now by a warmer temperature, give promise of abundance, if fine ripening weather come in due season. The corn-markets are again showing signs of weakness, and, with an abundant supply of cotton and cheaper money, it is highly probable that next month will bring about a much improved state of demand, if no adverse political element arise to mar present prospects." BIRI1 AG-A, TUNsE 7. The reports from the iron districts arenot so favourable as they were a week or fortnight ago, and unless a speedy i- provement takes place some parties anticipate that a reduction of prices will be declared at the approaching quarterly meetings of the trade. There is at present no slackness exhibited by the first makers, but among the second class there are complaints of a want of orders and underselling to a considerable extent by still inferior makers. The threatened raptare with the United States adds to the partial gloom which now pervades the district, but the best informed and most extensively engaged in the iron manufacture entertain no apprehensions of its long continuance, but, on the other hand, confidently rely upon a great accession of demand, and the firm maintenance of existing rates. Notwithstanding our present unsatisfactory relations vith the Anerican Government, orders, although small, continue to be received for South Staffordshire iron for that country throughliiverpool houses, and those for the Canadas are decidedly upon the increase. The questions now in dispute once settled (suchisthe smallness of stockls inthe United States market), the exportation of iron, it is believed, wil be unprecedentedly large. The demand for South Staffordshire iron for home consumption remains about stationary. The few public works now in course of construction throughout the country,'and the temporary atop put to many projected by the occurrence of the late war, necessarilyoperate prejudicially a,,ainst an immediate demand for these purposes, but there is a considerable call for iron required for shipbuilding and sanitary improvements; and, notwithstanding the drawbacks to -wh5ch we have aluded, most of the forges and mills in East Vorcestershire and South Staffordshire are doingan average amount of work. Those mills and forges which are -at a standstill are chiefly those which were formerly carried on by parties who fell during the commercial disasters which occurred in the early part of last year, and which, unfortimnately, up to the present time have not yet obtained occ'piers equal to their effective and successful management. " An Ironmaster" states that the make of pigs continues to be very great, that stocks are not heavy throughout the district, and that prices are well maintained. The North Staffordshire make goes chiefl into Yorkishire and Lncashire, the price of Scotch pigs being so high-thus enabling the Pottery masters to sell their pig iron northwards to greater advantage than they could among the ironmasters of South Staffordshire orWVorcestershire. Jittle of it comes into these districts at present, and from the number of furnaces out of blast in Scotland these is little reason to expect that the North Staffordshlire makers will direct their attention to this market for some time to corae. So long as the Scotch "strike" continues. and for some time afterwards, Lancashire and Yorkshire will carry off a large proportion of their produce. There is little alterationt in the coal trade. Large supplies, with great competition and a decreased demand, have brought about a reduction of prices from which the public are ikely to be the gainers. Notwvithstanding the "reat increasewhichhastaklenplaceinlocalproduce, thesupp'iiesfrom Derbyshire and further north are in no degree abated, and the surprise is, that prices have not been reduced to a greater extent than already announced by the dealers. It is satisfactory to state, however, that, notwithstanding the fal which has taken place -in the price of coals at the pits, no attempt has been made to reduce the wages of the collers. Such an event was spoken of in the spring, but up to the present the mine owners have never attempted to carry the suggestion into effect. The gunmakers under contract with the Board of Ordnance are proceeding with their work regularly and satisfactorily, and the return moved for by.Mr. aLuntz is expected to show that the Birmingham makers, if called upon, are able to supply any num'ber of muskets, of the best and most efficient quality, thatthe Government may require. The best understanding appears to exist between the eontractors and the board, and the operatives generally appear well and satisfactorily employed upon Tower work. It is stated that within these few days some good orders for "birding " guns have been received from America, and that the bet malkers, in anticipation of the next season, are now pretty fully employed. The Birmingham Chamber of Commerce, in conjunction with others i the neighbourhood, has this week had under its special consideration the Joint-Stock Companies Bill, and have adopted a petition to the louse of Lords praying for certain alterations wvithout which, in their opinion, the bill will not be satisfactory in its operation. The alterations suggested refer to clauses 41, 48, 46, 82, 28, 68, and S7. These clauses have already beei discussed and adopted iu I the Commons, and, although the Chamber is composed of experienced commercial men, there is reason to think that the Lords will scarcely venture to amend clauses sanctioned by the leading merchants and business men in the Lower Rouse. A letter was read to the Chamber from Mr. Levi, the London agent, on the subject of a proposed conference of the French and English Chambers of Commerce, to be held in London, especially with reference to the reduction or removal of the wine duties, and generally to promote freedom of commerce between the two countries. The proposal was received witli great cordiality by the Chamber. NOTTTNGHAH, Ju.NE 7. Those lace Warehouses which depend more upon the home demand than upon the shipping trade report that there has been more doing during the last week thani in the two om three weeks previously, while houses largely engaged in tbe shipping trade inform us that there is no improvement. American buyers are more cautious in their operations since matters have assumed a more serious aspect between oux Government and the Government of the United States but, as no one thinks there can be a war between the twc countries arising from sich comparatively trivial causes, the idea is prevaient that the Americans are merely holding off to buy cheaper. In this, however, they will not meel with much success, as stocks are lor, and a near prospect of war would rather induce manufacturers to keep their goodE than part with-them on credit to those who in a few weekE might be our declared enemies. If the present fine weathex be continued, no doubt the home trade will be further improved. The hosiery houses report a favourablestateof the market. Complaints are made as to the high rates. of labour and material, w;hich eat into legitimate profit, eveni the large advances obtained hy no means covering the increased cost of producing goods from these causes. LEICESTER, JuN 7. The hosiery trade is dull, and the orders for the American market being about completed, and other branches of the trade inactive, business has become decidedly flat. In home consumption we have now very little demand, and there are few transactions in worsted and woollen goods. Manufacturers do not anti y improvement for several weeks to come, when tho demand for the autumn trade will commence. Both here and in the country districts the same deadness in the hosiery trade exists. The demand for worsted is dull, and some of the mills are working short hous After a ran of almost unprecedented highrates, there is a slight dowvnward tendency in the price of wools, with a heavy demand; in some cases they are a halfpenny per lb. lower. The probable rates of wools are yet uncertain, the new clip not being ready for the market. LEEDS, Jrxao 7. Both merchants and manufacturers report the woollen cloth trade to have been rather inactive this week, all parties operating very cautiously, so that stocks are rather on the increase. The quantity of cloth, however, in the clothhalls of this town is at present below the average at this season of the year. Now that the Say sales of colonial wool in London (about which there was somne anxiety felt) are over, and that the prices of the raw mnaterial are on a somewhat settled point, buyers will begin to operate more freely, especially for heavy cloths and mixed fabrics for winter wear. Alanufacturers, who have lately slightly restricted their productive powers, will now -possess more confidenco, and we anticipate that the restriction will go no further, if it ho not removed altogether. A large business in the woollen products of the West lliding of Yorkshire has long boeen done in the United States and the North American colonies, and hence -a very warm interest is felt in the present aspect of affairs between our own Government and that of the States; for while a war between the two countries would be a general evil, it would be more seriously felt in this than in many other parts of the country. While the present position of affairs is looked upon with a gravity becoming the great interests at sta-.e, little fear is entertained that war between these kindred nations, whose interests are so reci rocal, will ensue. IJntil there be something li-e a moral certainty that amicable relations will continue to exist between E nland and America, the exports of woollen goods from West Yorkshire to the Thaited States will rather diminish than increase, and Of couse there will obe a proportionate effect upon the woollen manufacture in this locality. At present the American houses are doing but little, and they purchased but very meagrely in the markets this morning, Indeed, the markets in the halls to-day were of a veu~ quiet character, and the goods sold were chiefly I eavers, heavy tweeds, and other toads xsutabje for the fal£ trade. The reports from Bradford anti Ealifax this wcaliothat the worsted trade is rather feat, and that some irx6sllznent in the rate of production, consequent ort a decremedc demand, is taking place. Therehas been a slight falin th price of wool, a circumstafnoe which prevents the spinnersg and merchants obtaining Teadily the foul rates- they got fortheir products last month. In the wool trade here there has not been much changer either i demand or prices this week. Corsumers purhaser but to supply immediate wants, sad prices have a slighta downward tendency. The onlylocalanarket for hooe wools. to notice this week is that of Yorl; held on Thursday last, and the report is as follows :-There were about 400 sheetsof wool at market, but the whole was not sold, and priceswere lower than on the preceding Thursday. The bast; *ualities fetched lSs. per stone, and the inferior averags. 165 per stone. Since the last report from Leed4 the 2&y sles of Woot in the metropolis have closed, and, as is well known, the prices realzed at tha latter part of the sale, were below then opening prices. Some persons are of opinion that prices o- colonial wools will go stilllower, as there will be heavy sales. nuly, about 50,000baleshavingalreadyarrived; buta great deal will depend UpOn the competition of foreigners, who. bought but a small quantity at the late sales. As a matterof intereeta Wd append the following statistics of the wool trade: Imports of Colonial wool .. 9,74%8 2againatst.GIM Foreign, ,, . 6iO, . 5022,02 Total ..... .iSj,42047 1Z:,75BSt2r I SDO<D nu tlie total import into' g h hole kingdom n increaws Lonly of ... .. .. .. 2SS9b While the exportation during the same periods was OfColonial . 440L159 a 4aint 4,&s T Foaeign ... .. .. 2,14,38 ,, 3.4525 Tntal .. 654.127 ,, 8,32S,38O Showing an increased exportation of 1,786,183 In addition to which, the exportation of British growni wool was, in the same periods,- 4,515.02 agaInst 5,127,55 Showing an iCeased exprt of 3. 132, 53 lb. So that against an increased exportation of- Foreign and Colonial,o .. .. .. . ,761831b AndofBritishgsrownwool. 312i5z a2lding together .2,on.718. We have only an increased importation of colonial andforeigntogether, of. 285,49., To deductfrom the inereSedexport as above. leaing 3.812i. 8 BELFAST, JUNE 6. Linen,-IR the midst of cxcitement relative to our political relations with thepeople bevond the Alantic, the provinciall staple continues to show signs of great activity. America is. a large consumer of IrLih linen, and the best customer wer have for linen thread. At the present time the orders ibe hands of bleachers and thread manufacturers are much above those held for many years past. The American merchants. were hardly ever before so well able to da a large business. with us, whether in this or any other portion of national exchange; any interruption, therefore, of general business would fall with great severity on the linen trade. Bleachedf goods, of nearly every variety, are less bulky instock, andL, the present ratio of consumption keeps fully up to the. supply sent in from the seats of finish. Brown markets were well attended last week; sales, however, are gradually being concentmted, and except in a few towns the business. done between drapers, manufacturers, and bleachers i;. effected by a third party. The open market system of disposing of linens, though still considerable, only represents acomparativelysmall portion of thetrade in brown webs. Yarns continue to shov decided proof of firmness, and forfine warps ld. to 9d. per bundle was obtained on the sales effected last week. The thread trade Isvery active, and all hands fully employed in the manufacture. Elax.-The supply that comes forward to the country markets is very limited, and is eagerly bought npbr tlur attending purchasers at full rates. In Cootebill, Ballibay Armagh, and 3Iaghera 43 tons appeared, which sold at thefollowing prices:-Hand-scutched, froml Us. Gd. to 7s. 6d. per st,one; rnill-scutched, from E, to 1&s. per stone of 1Gllb. The cargo o f Riga fax offered some time ago by public auction, the greater portion of which was withdrawn, has since. been sold by private hland at the prices offered. Cotton.-The cotton manufacture has been more active e cheap cash has the greatest po.isible influence on this trade. If food be reasnuable in price and finance in moderatebounds, there is seldom any complaint heard from those connectedwith the cotton trade. In the manufacture oE plain goods the manufacturers of Belfast and the agents of Glasgow houses wvereseldom so busily engaged as they aLe. at present, and it is very satisfactory to learn that thehandloom weavers are able to earn good wages. No other class. of the industrial ranks suffered so much as the cottor weavers during the lull of 1854 and the spring of last year ; it is, therefore, the more gratifying to note this change in their condition. Yarns are steady. The fluctuations in rawmaterial have not affected prices, and in all ranges of twist. the values are well supported. The sewed muslin trade is & shade better in poiat of demand. Prices, hokever, are low, except for very ffne styles of goods, which have been bare im stock, and command fair values.
THE COBR MRADE. LVERPOOT4 JUNE 7. Theretwuss of sales of Britisa vheat, as per "Gazette," for the week ending the Slst nIt., are 15DM0 quarters, at M. ld,per quarter; carresponding week lSS, 10S,923 quartem, at 77. 7d. per quarter; ditto, 1854, 66,0S quarters; at 79s. fld per quarter. Our tnnersare delivering freely of their stocks, and, with little doubt, they are jar fluenced by the present hcaltby appearanee of the growing crops There Vs a small attendance at our Corn-Exchange sesterdayr Wheat and flour both sold slowly to cumsumers, but no altera. lion of price from Tuesday last was accorded in Indian corn attrsetedt thegreatest portion of attention, in consequence of its cheaperrelativevalue as compared with otherdescriptionsof food, but buyers seemedt shyanuddidnotoperateto anyextent. Oatsimproved1dperbushel, and oatmeal Is. perload. No observable change in any of Dar quos'tionsto-day. The trade generally has apparent firmnes, but thci buyers are exceedingly coy as regards their procedings. KOTMTGHAM,z JesE 7. The veather is everything that could be desired at this peculiarssason, and crops ofnearly all kinds promise an enormous yield. Grass Is wonderfully abundant, and the hay crop wlll consequently be large' almostbeyondprecedent. Corn asois healthy and prolific inyield. The oUly exceptional crop, in soue instancs, is the turnip, which is. attackedagain with the turnip fly, or beetle. Last yearmany fields were cleared by this pest, and being resown the produce was very inferior. In the neighbourhood of Newark, however, a very simrple andt inexpensive machine was adapted to the cleaning of the plant, anD withthefullestsnceas. Sineethen this implement hasbeen perfected. by theinventor, 'r. .Mcrxis o' Bunny, ;ad manufactured for generat usebyMessrsfDaunksandNixon, of Nottinghau. Itadaptsitselfbylittle ingenious coutrivanoes to turnips, eiber drilled upon rldges. driled upon the flat, orsown broadcas, Just at this time, for aboul, 10 days, al theyoung crops are in danger, and in sonme instanresar swept off in the short space of 4S hours; but, with one of thes_machines, a youth may clear of the pest 15 acres a-day, or *run five acres over ' three times, thereby tboroughiy eleansing, it of the voraciousinsect. fy studying the habits of the insect, Mr. Morris ob-served that, upon the approach of anything, it jumps like a fiea.W Mr. Morrs's implement is propelled, or pushed, and, coveringg something like two square yardsat once, an the insects jump them become attached to it by millions, andaretbus destroyedL The valuo of the turnip crop to the British farmer and to the country isenormous, therefore any means of seaing it slhould be universalr knowsn. Reviewing the past month's operations and experienees in North, Nottinghaumshie, Mr. TiLery, of WVlbelek, says:-" May has been n extremely favourable month for the growing crops, plenty of rain, having falen; and the temperature has not been too high. Rain fel onIt days and in large quantities, the rain gauge registering 3 inches£4 parts. The great bulk of this fell on the 22d, durjog a severc' 1hunderstorm, when 1 inch and 24 parts v nsmeasured in an honur The thermometer was highest on the Sith (6S degrees), and lowest on the Id 129 degrees). Owing to the electrical state of the atmosphere the barometer fluctuated much, the highest reading (SO degrees I minutel occurring on the 1Oth; the lowest (2f degres 2 minutes) on tbe18th, during a violent gale from the south-west. Seldom has so much. thunder and lightning been experienred in MUay as in this year, and we. may, conseqluently, hope to be freer from theirvisitations in the summer months. The mean temperature of May, taken from 124 observa-- tions, was one degree below the average. l3-allows wrere first seen on the 17th of April, and the cuckoo fist heard on the 'dof M3ay. Tho' stagsandbuckl'herebeganttosheddtheir horns aboutthesame period. aslastyear-namelv, the stagson the 17th of Mfareb, andthe bucks oe the 10th of ApriL In the foliation of trees a horsecheenut has been, madethesubjectof observationforthelast Sosears. Thisyear ithas beenlatercoming into leaf by a week-than the usualtime. The gene-- 5ality of oeas, also, are afcw days latr in leafing: aud the peelng of barknsnotcommencedherotillthe24thofApril, ten dayslater than: thesTeagxetime. Yoxmglrheats havenowt Mute reoovcred-.heeffect; of the frosty mornings and cold north-east winds in April and the beVinning of M%ay; and the only danger now is of their running too much. to stramw, where thickly sown, especially if the summer be sunless andt. wet. The harvet now eammot be a TCv early one rithout exceedingly, bot weather in June and July. Potatoes have everywhere vegetated, wvell, and the progress they are now making is astonishing. A discovery in the culture of the earliest varicties has been made, which should be more generally known-that is, never to allow the tops to appear abvore ground until all danger of frost is over. Tlis earthing-up process iscommenoed early in April, with such vareties as the ash-toppeod kidneys, and by the middle of May small bulbs will bc forming onthe" stems. As soon as tle tops get their libertyyoungpotatoss will be ready for use early in JUne. At our marketto-daythe supplyof wheat was small, yet equal todemand; the busness done was at an advance of es. to 2s. perquarter. We heard ofnosale of mrlting barley. In oats and beansthere was no alteration. The present prices of grain and flour in Nottingham are as follows:-Wheat, white, old, 73s. to f2s. per 38 stone; nmve, 74. to Ss.; red, old, 70s to 75s. ; nev, 6SS. to 71s.; barley, for snalting, 41s. to45a per qua-ter; for grinding, 3fit, to 3Ss. ; oats, 276. to 3° per 21stone; beans, old, 50e. to i,L per 3f stone: niew, 41s to 7s .fEour,. super, 52al to 57is. per 20 stone ; fine, 48e. to 51s, LEIfCSTER, - JTsrs 7, We have been favoured with very favonrble weather since our lastreport, and vegetation is making rapid progress Fears were entertained by our farmers that the heavy rains of the past month would. cause the wheat plant to mal too mllch straw. Tbh -veather has nowbecome apparently settled, and this danger-we trust is averted. There. has not been so much rain, accompasied by lightning Find thunder, in !Jay for several seasons past. Reports respecting the appearance of the wheat crop are on the' whole favourable. Upon the less valuable sels the plant has nade' sxrprising procress, which may be aceonted for by the coninned moisture, while upon the best sells more rain would bo productive of harm. Attpresentwveblaveevsyreason to believe that the plant bass reci-,ved but little injury, and with fine sweather it will very probablrqrute recover. Barley is looking better than it did a -week ago. The refreshing: breezes and sunshine of the past aeren days have wonderfl)y improved its appance. The ropious rains a fortnight ago created Considerable anxiety among the farmers, bnt we think te plant has sustained no&permanent damage. Oats are.not looking so wel in some districts as -night be desired.- And this, no dobat, from the exoess of moisture, Beans promise wel ; we have rarely seen the plant look so wel *t. thisseasonof the year, and there is eeryappearanOe f a prolific ries - The cOrs of grass are immese. The fi-ldssill soon be ready for bnoaing, and there W-l now bc, without doubt,a. greaterzield utha
LOtD ! W}IO'D HAVE THOUGHT IT ?-The national feeling of Englishmen appears to be a fixed determination to take a lesson from nothing but disaster. Retrospection impresses this fact on our nusds. WVhen the most natural results occur we turn up our eyes, and in the most ludiciously innocent way exclaim,-Lord, who would have thought it 59 Just look back at our past wars, and the Lord-wvlo-would-have-thouglit-it system peers forth in all its glory. W'hen our English Dragoons in the last French war got their stomachs inconveniently peked with straight swords, and discovered that swords shaped like reaping-hooks could not interfere with French stomachs in return-Lord, who would have thought it! When the little Macedonian, Guerriere, and Java frigates, in the Aimierican war, had holes bored in their weak planks by 24pound shot, and discovered that 18-pound shot could not in the like way affect the stout scantling of the huge Constitution, President, and United States frigates opposed to them, and consequently found themselves at the bottom of the sea or in an Amtericm port-Lord, who would have thought it! When, in peace, we were sailing about in beautiful-looking yachts to our self-glorfication, laying out endless sums in building what we thought fast craft, drinking toasts at our club dinners and making speeches to the effect that Britannia was the only ruler of the waves, a Yankee sneaks over and lowers our national pride in the presence of Britannia's own vice-gerent, Victoria Regina, and teaches us in a good thrashing the value of the long bow and a flat sailLord, who would have thought it! Paixhan guns and Mini6 rifles from France, and Colt's revolvers from America, carry further and are more destructive than English 32-pounders, Brown Bess, and kicking horse-pistols--Lord, who would have thought it ! Englishmen cannot live without food, and English horses eat their own tails, and the manes and tails of their neighlbours, in the absence of hay; English doctors cannot cure diseases without medicine, nor pioneers dig without spades; men lose noses, fingers, and toes if not protected by covering when the mercury is below zero; and bomb ketcles and gunboats cannot batter down a town when tlleir mortars or guns burst, and there are none to replace them -Lord, who would have thought it ! Now, if the Americans force us into a war-which God forbid, but there are limits to forbearance-the Lord-whowould-have-thought-it system threatens us again. The Americans have five frigates nearly completed, so their newspapers state, on the scantling, tonnage, and lines of their Niagara steans-frigate. She is 367 feet in length, 56 feet beam, 23 feet draught of water, and is upwards of 3,00O tons, with engines that can work up to 2,000 horse-power. The Niagara is fitted with Griffith's propeller, and has realized 11 knots without lifting the screw, which would giive the difference of a knot and a-half more. This frigate carries an enormously heavy armament. Our last built frigates, the Imp6rieuse, the Euryalus, and Shanuon, are perfectly dwarfish in comparison, and no more fitted to contend 'with the Niagara than the Macedonian and Gnerriere with the Constitution and Uinted States. The Americans have wisely waited for all our improvements, and )2 more of these giant frigates arenowtobe addedtothe Niagar and her five sisters, so that the Americans will have the unexamaled naval force of 18 of these flying leviathan; equal in tonnage and superior in weight of metal to our screw line-of-battle ships. This is said advisedly, and attention is called to a statement, which lately ran through the English newspapers; of the appearance of an American 'aloop of war at Genoa, a corvette, armed entirely with 84-pounders, or ten-inch guns, which was the admiration of all who saw her. From this it is evident, that in the event ofwar, theAmericans intend to strike the firstsuocessful blow, on their old tactics. They will oppose a frigate to a frigate, a sloop to a sloop, nominally equal ships, but in reality an infinite disparity of force. It wall ring through the world that an American i frigate or sloop has blown up, or sent down, or carried into port an English frigate or sloop; and straightway our seamen, proverbially the most venal set of men in the world, will do as they did last war-join the American fag and fight on the side of victory andplunder. Our Admiralty deserve every credit for the speedy way in which they have placed on the sea a feet more than equal to contendlwththe combined forces of all Europe. Let them keep our glorious navy up to the requirement of the times. America must be dealt with in a completely different fashion from Russia. I Forewarned is to be forearmed; we oughtto build frigates equal to cope w7ith the Niagara; the expense must be a secondary consideraton; a recurrence to the Lord-whowould-have-thought-it system would deserve impeachment, while a fit state of preparation is bathe end a war-preventive economy.-Exesznter.
LYCEUM( THEA TWE A& second performance of i dzme Bistori in Afedwv while it hls served to confism the ia)pre5sion rode upon the public by herdi&t, has alsoaffora,sd an opportunity of moting down several points that anid'oe general dazzle of the first appearance could scarcely find - definite placo in the memory. It may be emphatically remarked, that of Medea as drawn by IL Legouv6 offers difficulties that tI° an artist of less than supreme genius wouldbeaboolutelyinsnn0nt. able. Instead of drawing a broad outline of jealousy an. Veilgeance, in accordance with the spirit ef antique tradh301n. ne has laboured to produce such a complication of conten,:ing feelings that the moral position of the heroine sometimes becomes enigmatical altogether, and the actress must often feel doubtful vhat passion she is really to represent. To such a length indeed has the authorbeen led byhisfondness for psychological development, that be has actually produced an anti-climax in a story in whic*, above all others, the interest naturaly ascends. The first waken. ing of Medea's jealous rage-which takes place before the commencement of the tragedy of Euripides, and is merely described in the nurse's prologue-is not only brought forward with immense power-(which is right enough)but the mode of treatment has allowed it to eclipsethehtwo following acts. The plan of M. Legouvd throughout has been to heighten motive and soften action, and hence the scenesinwhich motives alone prevail, andare moreoverstated for the first time, are the strongest in the entire work. We shall snake these remarks nore intelligible by following the progress of the story, and pointin" out at the same time the splendid effects which Madame Iistori produces, in spite of a character that, showy as it looks, is in many respects unthankfuL. The frst act opens with a discussion between Orpheus and Jason-theformer the high-priest of civilization, the latter the man of war. Orpheus is a singularly tedious and meddling personage, but though his discourse on the arts of peace has no-more to do with the action than a charpter from NL Guizot's istoire de la CiviUisation, we might alow the author to indulge in this spirit of philosophy on. condition that nothing of the sort was to recur again. When these representatves of opposite principles ar left together -to hold ac tct2-tCte, the poet warns the warrior of the jutpropriety of marrying Creusa, the daughter of Creon, while his wife Medea is stll alive; and the warrior informs the poet that he 'will do as he pleases, and by vanquishing. the giant Antestor establish a claim on Corinth that vwill prove too strong for the efforts of Orpheus in favour of morality. A11 this may be considered introductory. The action properly begins with the entrance of Creusa, who on her approaching marriage with Jason (now departed on his heroic expedition) offers an humble tribute of her own hair and some flowers to a statue of the goddess Artemis, at the sametime uttering a verypretty speech which is charmingly spoken by Signora Picchiotino. Wisen she has retired, leaving her nurse on the stage, Medea makes her first appearance, and her very walk across the rocks in the background is in itself a great work of art on the part of the actress. Her dress produces a resemblance to the female figures on Etruscan vases, but the figure is intensely alive, and with sorrow spealkng from every line of the countenance. It is the maternal feeling that is now rendered all-prominent, and all the solicitude of Medea is for the fate of her children, whose father, for all she knows to the contrary, may have perished, and who are literally crying from hunger. A passage in which amid this distress she expresses her agonizing uncertainty respecting her husband is rendered most remarkable by Madame Ristori through her management of the voice in the concluding words- 0 Giasone ! 0 mio Giasone ! " Se tu spento? Fuggisti? In tenebroso "Career lontan, l0ntan sepolto gemi ? "Dove seis D6ve sei 1" It is impossible to convey by description the effect producedy bthemusicalwailinwhich " Dove seiV"isuttered. Probably, in the English or French tongues it could not be attained at alL Certainly, few could attain it, even i2n Italian, so as to rival Madame Ristori lVe may fancythat Electra in the tragedy of Sophocles ought to have ejaculated in the same tone,- &W Ei -' A a7rov6E(r' dpapE cZpsvac "a 'Irvv, aliv IrTvv y' AXoobpsmat, pvpr 0iruVo4Avsa, Atog ayysoi'." The audience at this point testify their approbation by a sympathetic murmur. The dialogue with Greusa, which begins -with mutual confidence and results inthe discovery that the bridegroom of the one lady is the husband of the other, we have described in our first notice, calling attention to some of the magnificent effects produced during its progress by the artist. Let us fitl up a gay in our description by calling attention to one feeling which Medea manifests when the confidence between her and Creusa is not yet destroyed-the feeling that, as a barbarian by country and as a woman of fierce temper by nature, shemay be an object of abhorrence to her ow,n children - "e sono io "Figlia di Grecia; una barbara io sono; "Mia tenerezza stessa c furibonda, "E gli impeti affetti a cui prorompe "I parvoLi atteriscono. Sovente "Fo lor paura coi mieb stessi abbracci." The self-abasement and the gloom introduced into these lines bv Madame Iistori are wonderful. In tSe first act, if we except the lectures on chilization delivered by;that terrible " bore" Orpheus, there is nothing to condemn. Indeed the w-hole development of Medea's character, from the moment when the maternal feeling is apparent to that in which her jealous wrath is ffrst kindled, is finely contrived, the poet sdilfully marking out.the path - for the actress. From the close -of this act, however, the over-cleverness of the French author begins to 1.-1- 44- 1 A f,o -M,-asa- instead of havingr anlaims broad road before her, which she can pursue steadilv vith perpetually augmenting honour, has to grsp at isolated opportunities for effect, amid much hard work which has to be endured for little purpose. In the second act Jason, returning victorious fromn his fight with Antestor, is coolly received by Creon, who has recently become acquainted Nvith the prior claim of Nudea. However, he undertakes to talk that lady over. Now, frorn the dialogue which ensues at this juncture between Jason and the Colchian Princess great things might naturaUy be expected. But in his excess of ingenuity NL Legouv6 has so counterbalanced motives, has so mingled together plain speaking and dissimulation, that it is -hard toguess what is Medee's precise drift. The drop-scene after the first act left her in a state of ire at the dsoeyshe had maade ; but Dow she approac'hes Jason in a disposition that is quite open to terms. She catches with delight at an expression which betrays his seocitude for the children; she utters some fine lines in which she declares that they are united not only by love, but as accomplices in crime; she batters down his hypocritical anxiety for her welfare, but she weakens the eflect of her denunciations by expressing a belief that he is actuated by the will of Creon, not by his own inclinations. Lest hasty readers should make mistakes let us here drop a remark that to careful readers wil appear absurdly superfluous-that we are finding fault, not with the actress, but with the author. Madame P.istori, by interpreting each successive feeling as it rises to the surface, does such wonders in this perplexing situation that it is less a contest of .edea with Jason than of the actress with the poet, the former being determined to make the latter effective in spite of himself. Indeed, one of the lady's finest effects is obtained from this very unsatisfactory dialogue-an effect to be compared with that of her great leopard-simile mentioned in our first notice. She is referring to the death of her murdered brother, and thus describes the manner in which he indicated his destroyers:- "I morente,-il morente-tel ricorda I "In man raccolse da sUa piaga iU saugue, "lE a noi fumante lo buttava in faccia." Suiting the action to the word, and recalling the past scene by mimic gesticulation, she seenms sloivly to squeeze the clotted blood from her left side, and fling it from her hand with execration. This is one of those points in which the transit from the sublime to the ridiculons would be extremely facile, but Madame Ristori remains sale on the side of the sublime. When Jason-much to the general delight-has retired, Mtedea beholds her children, who, since we saw them last, have bsen under the care of Creusa. She at first receives them with harshness as the offspring of Jason, but the maternal feeling proves too strong for the dislike,- - Giason, vuoi ta nncora "Colle sembianzo tue perseguitarmi I E tuoi fighl. Tuoi filigh N6, n, -i miei !" The transition from the II tuoi" to the "mmei," as effected by Madame RLstori, is a masterpiece. An explosion of fondness follows this change of sentiment, but the image of Creusa suddenly occurs to her, coupled with the thought that she may strike her husband through the new object of his love. The children fly in terror as the vindictive side of her mature is again brought forward, and in a solloquy in which she conTemplatesthe death of her youngrival by the poniard lMadame Ristore produces two of her finest effects; ~When she fancies herself standing over the corpse of the murdered girl she grows into a colossal Nemesis before the eyes of the spectators; when, thanking the Furies for their suggestion, she exlaims- " Grazie, Erinni ! la preda a nme recate!" she illustrates the line by one of those bold contrivances that seem peculiar to herself. The Erinnyes arc not addressed by a mere ejaculation burled into the air, but she accepts the dagger she has drawn as their visible symbol, and with frantic rapture kdsses the blade. The rage of Medea receives a sadden checkby the entrance of Creusa, who has come to save her from an attack by the Corinthian mob, infuriated against her as the enemy of their deliverer, Jason. Mloved by this transformation of the rival into the deliverer, Medea, abandoning her vindictive projects, drops on her mnees and implores Creusa to relinquish Jason. The tone in which Madame Ristori utters the lines- Tutto a te diede il cielo, " te felicita, possanza, un padre- "IUna tria ate, ahi lass3 ! rinnocenza ! lo nula ho! restami ei sol ... mel lascia!"- is exqpuisitely pathetic, but still we feel that the anahor has without sufficient cause embarrassed his action with a new impediment. Nothing is built on this freshly formed alliance between the rivals. It is, indeed, dissolved almost as soon as it is formed by the avowal of Crer .iiAtsb>e -willmarry Jason in spite of every obstacle, and surely one-7 effective speeds is dearly purchased by a forced collision that leads tone resalt. The act is, however, brought ltan effective conisss by the rush of the people o. Mefdi, and the reint pvt uponthembyOrpheus,who successfully appeals to their parental feelings tO hinder them fromu ~separaig the mother from her children. The 3 line utttered by Nedea- "10o trovata ho La mia ven detta"' gains inestimable value by the tone of deliberate cmning in which it is uttered by Madame -uistori, thoug,hmoost u- skilfully introduced by the author, who has been at no pains. to lead up to it. The third act, although it IAcsthe sin~loit3 of the first, and the principle of entangling motives as carried ox, is far su perior to the seond Oreusa haying resol-ved S imanr Jaaon iA sttq 9f a impediment ooIslnts ,), X adopt his children, who are so exceedingry delightedridth the plan that their want of filial-affection is exceedingly distastefal to. the ever-present Orpheus. 3redes. owlb. :dvancing fr behind a curtainsurveysthelapp=familywith no f aournue ee, eand asse ;as l on_E S lf3#o resolvres oin the death of Crua_- mans ~of lind wsrelfl4mon mnortiferons Te!L An atteinpt is now made at acoinpro. mise. 1n the presence of Creuss and all his Court -Jafon offers Medes one of the children a-s the price of her departtnre, ofv the choice to herself For a whre sh. n pastates in her selectioni, and sets forth ocuses of patiecular fondness for each child in a pretty specob, that BODCO egxquaitely beautiful through the musical voioe of -MAdlne Riatori. Soon,however,the diffcutisaolved ina horrible manner. Both the children aLre unwillng to olxoow hper aid obviously prefertoremamnwith Creusa4. Thisnewmotive for lunents atrocious vengeance is the most justifiable of al 3u2. tegt'uveos in.entions. Additional lght -is thrown oi the condu,-tOfer he ri other, whfple the sudden revuli(om of mate-nal fondnshe and, toe freh occasion of hate afford scope for 3!ne acting.s. At this pcidnt of thestory one of ibefinest mtuaior'f the playisint.oa nadi dandoafe,rdaan- Oportity for oneo the grandest e xitbitiorowtheprt heactren edest who, laving thrust herocfidreu froms ha, imimediatley laments their loss, falls p in depair at the fee Of a gigmayti statue ofSaturn. From ty hprostrathecoihti he 4 owr y rises, nmatuing her project otiaplenrerder. A s tddecora punTectin cheksher, and,to, -nsure tor'en amnwe*Areo clls on the chida-devouring So reunat whstando btfaoWexr,to beheraccDMplice. Inhtlhe atotud3 o0f akte frlc th,rI exalted into a fanatic devotee, MD datnegplstorirs atP nce reaches the Tery height of grandeucr;- yet evnr-.ins tl- m3idst of this broad effect she introducea withes vedoue alu1la little touch of nature that varics, without- marring -t.eu dramatic picture. That the uniehsheant- et' Jlaso may be doubled in severity she vishes t Letuhi ofve4for -jeuaot maay be increased,- "d der sua treusa-amor--es- gitofariddol "Perch6 gli costi raddoppiato nffina&." The n motionof wishing her husbaingd to love faotb woman is, at the first as ct,so rePugnant to the jeouetper6dnent of 3ledea ton t she stops herself at the wordi `A hoe asfliehadi"adean!error. Durn m anpaobegtkisa rntoe esi-amor," the scruple is resolved; she haa deter%ikd t@ do violence to her own feelings in order to obtaj tbhe- ful measure of vengeance. slo sooner has she cwakpleted hei prayer than the children, -with a return of filial a-ffectioni m e their appearance. With a terrible exclamation Medea . declares that they ure the gift of Satwin, and by the time they are crouching at her feet she lao snide up 'her mind to destroy them. But Accdentay she touches one of their hand, and wihth the ejaculation Lormiant io trolce mano 1 beginsareturto tendeness that ends in an explosion of love andadetermination never to part 'with her children. The group -whichi Madame IRistoriforms as she clasps the twolittae ones tor he, heart is a great;pictorial work. Byintroducing this suddes repetanc M~Legouv6 has, however, weak-ened thbe effct~ of the murder itself. Creusa having perished by means of the poisonel veil p leyea is pursued as the crihinat, and an attempt is made to siatch her chaldren fromt her. Tof prevent the separation she itabs them behind the statue bf Saturn, in conformity with the Horatian precept h "Ncec r uere coram populo traedea trucidet ;" a e thus acting less as an avenger than as a sort of female Thi Ius t is only the grandeur of Madame, Ristori, whio closes tepiece with the single word " Tn!"1 addressed t6 Jason in anwer to thi question r who has murdered tnin children, that prevents a fat conclusion, but that miagnificent figure of retribuLtive justice causes all other feelings to. vanish by the admiration it inspires. We do not often give so long a notice to a single theatri. calperormnce hu amItaiantraedyissuch a, novelty, and adam Ritoriis sch remrkabe henomienon in her art,that we deem ourselves justified mn passing thb ordinary limits.-.
IRELAND. (FRom our. OW- coRRExONDmz>.) UWMbUN, bSATURDAY XOryc.-. i THE SADLER FRAUDS. ': If report speak truly, the strong judicial expression of opinion delivered in the Rolls' Court on Tuesday last, touching the inertness of the Governi ment in the matter of the Tipperary Bannk fraud, has not failed to produce the intended effect. lh4i deed, it is even xaid that the case has been brdugohr under the notice of the Attorney-General; and quitei certain it is that that right hon. gentleman means to be present in person on whatever day the Mlaster of the Rolls gives hfisnal judgment in the case of the English shareholders. Altliough it lwas positively stated yesterday that the decision wvould be pronounced on Tuesday or Wednesday next, the more general belief seems to be that. it will be delayed until M1onday week nesxt- The following appears in the Freemanu of this day *4We understand the Master of the Rolls received on Thursday a telegraphic despatch from the iAttorney-Gene-. ral, wishing to kmow wheenhis Honour awoud deliver judgment in the case of the English shareholders. The At-! torney-General stated his desire to be preseint on that occasion, for the purpose of ascertaining whether a prosecution for conspiracy can be maintained against Mr. James Sadleir and other persons. - The MWaster having expressed a very decided opinion on the subject, as wrell aS on the imnperative dutyotf the Government to institute a prosecution, tbe, latter, moved by the attention dsaw n to tho matter by they Master of the llolls. and the conviction of that able lawyer, who himself concluded one of the most-memorabl] prosecu-, tions on record, that ample materials exist to bring thee neralt to take the initiative; and for that purpose the first law officer will be present when the Xlaster delivers.his Judgment." The Nation, which is seldom guilty of complimenting men in high places, pays the foliowino' trbute of respect to the MSaster of the Rolls: There is no Judge upon the Irish bench so dist-iguished for a fearless independence and honesty in the disebarge ofhis duty as the Master of th?e Plolls. His is a court iaF whichfraud and chicane have no chance. He is sure to suspect them, sure to detect them, sure to unravel, expose, and punish themi and never wras judicial duty so nobly upheld as in his vigorous declaration upon the affairs of theo' Tipperary Bank this week. We have no desire to urge the often ruthless administration of the lawv in this cotuntry to extremity, against any man or men, of whose innocence there may be fair prescriptive evidence. But the law ought to be adniinisteredimpartisfly and for tbe public good; and certain are we thatthelMasterof the Iolls only sAted.avery general conviction when he Asserted that in the case of the Tipperary Bank- party ties have arrested the armu efi justice. If such a swindle on the public had been perpe'trated in any other country under the sun, or in this country clear of the trammels of political relations, sure we are that the official administrators of the law would deemrittheir duty to engage themselves in the unravelling of it." Another joural (the Cork lRcjorter), referrng t& the opinion of the M1aster of the Rolls, trmly says:-. " Everybody, indeed, has been amazed at the impunity whEich James Siadleir seemed to cnjov, hut the astonishment didnot result from the idea that so ordinary a decep- tion as that of being a party to paying fictitious divid6nast w.as attributed to him. 'The surprise of the public hadauite a different cause, and arose from the universal impression that his involvement in his brother's frauds was much deeper and more criminal than this wvould appear toi be. They perceived that an enormous amount of property, of which he had the guardianship, had been all handed over w.ithout security to John Sadleir, converted by him to his ovwn urposes, and lost to the owners,-acd, wlhile they could not distinctly discover in what way ames Sadleir was legally guilty, they yet could not imoagine the possibility of a man directly instmumeutal in such whEolesale plunder having done no act that the law, could punish. They certainly did not imagine that, if he were unishable, it wastbecause of the conduct for wiath the Master of the Rolls so emphatically rebukes the executive for not Proceeding against him. We sincerely trust that the lawis as theMaster of thelBolls declares itto be; andwve are e'Suafly desirous that, being so, an exampleshall he made in the case of James Sadleir-wicib willhh re the salutary effect of warning directors of public companies in future to shun deceptive representations of their condition. Whether or not James Sadleir NUa ZaY special guilty complicity in his brother's transactions is inore than there is, asyet, any evidence to show. It is, possible that -he was himself the dupe of the dark plotter who deceived all with whom he came in contact. If he be guilty of coanivAnce at the giant frauds of his brother, it would be a deplorable thningthat he should esape punispament. But, looking to the public interesta it is oi tar "ore importance that he should be punished for sacie conduct as the Mlaster of the Polls hd he can abe punisheed for than for any more direct andi Hlagra connen witk John Sadleir's frauds. In the latter came tie law would only deal with the individual cr!minal of the wronodoer. In the former it grapples witla.s3sbeiuoddeceit, auastrikes terror into all, without excetion, whoare pasticstoit. In the one case it would do litte more thR chastise a crimizal; in the other it protects socity at laza. We do not, indeed, concnr in the sweeping cesaem passed by tilea aster of: the Rolls on the Irish .Executiye,. for hAving hitherto ialowed James Sadleir to go at large, without taking nny stet have him tried for a cmiminal o&nce; Admifting the law to be-and we hope sinearely it is-su1 as Le allege, it is plain that, till he declarodit tobe sono suNgestion was in any quarter made that the actaoE James Sadleir, in beig a pety tothefictitiovs.diniAOad, u,raiatutednu indictable effence. Kowv that kw MI3s}r ha, so strongly expressed his opinion to thaat efibct we think it incumbent on the law officers of the (won, 'wthoert d,ey, to take the matter np, and to commuen.eprOS toa ."' i THE FUNDS. ee per Cent. ConoLs, 92i 3 24; ditto. for account, July 8, -J3r ea; New Three per Cent. Stock, 931 i 41 ditto. fe,r accint. July S, 9)3;. Railvnys.-Dnblin and acklcw, 101. paid .514; Great. Southern and Wstern, 501. paid, 53; dhitto, Eighths, 6 per cent, preference, GC. 5i. paid, 7ff; Midnd GreatWestern and koyal Canal, W. pai&, 514 l.
LONYDON, MONDAY, TUNE 9, 16. A new and interesting subject of Parliamentary d,bate is certainly a prize to the general reader. WV'hen, year after year, the old arguments are reiterated on education, 3Iaynooth, and the ballot, tle public cannot help feeling that their representatives are by no means beyond the mass of manlind in originality or political insight, and as the eve travels down the long columns, with the anticirated reasoning, the involved statistics, the affected indignation, the triumphant appeals, the lot of an enforced listener seems to resemble the labours of the -alley or the mine. The emancipation of the Jews h>as entered into this class of discussions. What any cne can have to say about it which has not been .aid already we certainly cannot discover. The whole matter has passed out of the sphere of argumert, for members on each side come down to the HOuse well knowing that nothing that an opponent can bring forward can by any pwsibility change their convictions. As far therefcre as the interest of the debate for this year is concerned we may thank the supporters of the Jews for having taken an indirect path to their 6,esired end. To-day is fixed for the third readiDg of the bill " for abrogating the Oath of Abju"ration and Assurance." We believe that but snail par.t of the British people -w.ere aware that .the descendants of tho "person pretending to be "c ind of England" in oPPOsition to the settlement of 1689 were duly abjured up to the present - day-by the jrepresentatives of the country, and that it was felt necessary to declare the right of the present IRoyal family to the throne against the claims of a race which hai long since vanished offthe earth. Wre are a people of traditions, and when a c-ustom las been long established it often remains vAithr no other plea for its continuance than that it is :a nle.ss, and was establisLed by legislators worthy and eminent in their own timne. Thus, although many may think it a trifling with. solemn pledges to keep up as a mere formality an oath couched in the most specific terms against a departed family, yet we doubt not that it would have remained unquestioned on the statute-book for another generation had not deference. to the House of Lords compelled a change in the form of proceeding by which it is souglht to obtain equal rights for the Jewish community. There can be no doubt that the originators of the bill have an advantage over their opponents. As regards the abolition of the oath there cannot be two opinions. It is contrary to common sense, if not actually injurious to morality, to invoke GoD and the Christian faith on a question wbich can never arise. Hence the opponents of the Jewish claimns have acquiesced in the general purport of the bill; but they seek to make it inoperative for the purposewlhichit is really designed to effect. In the amendment of Sir F. TEusIGER the words " on the true faith of a Christian" are preserved. The Conservative party thinks to checkmate the supporters of the bill by accepting it, but inserting an amendment which will make it in reality what it is in form and title,-an act for merely discontinuing the abjuration of the STuABTS. it cannot, however, be too often repeated tlhat the disabilities of the Jevs form a social question, which should be kept independent -of any chance form of words in an antiquated oath. In every society which is governed by law it is the part of the legislators and judges -to see that each lav accomplishes the purpose for which it was framed, and nothing more. If the wording of a paragraph respecting the succession of 3 dynasty be held as conclusive in regard to the political rights of a certain class of Dissenters, there is a new element of uncertainty introduced into the legislation of the country. It seems to us that the principle of an act, the object stated in the preunble, should be considered by honest politicians. The Oath of Abjuration was made law in order to exeude the STUAnTS, and not to shut out the Jews from Parliament, either specifically or in common with any other non-Christian sect. Therefore the argument that the Jew is intentionally excluded by any law, whatever cannot be supported. It is well known that in the days of WIILLxM and JAtIES the Jews in England were only a few hundred families, totally separated from the society in which they lived. It was only in the time of OL,vx CROMwNnVLL, hardly 40 years before, that they had made their appearance; the first generation of English Jews had scarcelygrown -up to manhood, and the little commiunity was probably more accustomed to speak Italian and Dutch than the language of these islands. They neither sought political life, nor did our forefathers ever once think of them in connexion with counties and boroughs, or even with the office of Alderman or Sheriff. But their children were Englishmen, and entitled to all the rights of any 6ther Englishmen. The old argument about the Jews being aliens must, we think, be now abandoned to the less instructed of their opponents; but that if should have been used by men acquainted with the law shows how much in need of effective objections the Conservatives have been, in spite of their ten years' successful resistance. With regard to the religious part of the case it is indeed useless to say more. When men in' obedience to their individual fancies abandon the plain ground of reason it is impossible to follow them. When we are told that the admission of a Jew into the House unchristianizes the Parliament we can merely urge that his presence in the country does not unchristianize the country. The discussion has gone on for many years, with the repetition of the same phrases and catchwords, and it is a waste of time *c' P1xLrn- ;- ML- 2 ;--7.- L- -bklng man must see, is one of right. The English Jew is as much an Englishman as the English Christian. He serves on juries, owes allegiance to the Sovereign, of which he can never divest himself, and is bound to ftulfil every duty of a British subject. That his rights should be commensurate with his obligations is what common justice and the whole spirit of English law demand. NIo pleading can give an effective answer to this simple argument. We have only to notice the determination of the Conservatives to evade once more the practical question. The case really is not whether Jews can be elected, for that is not contested; but whether, being elected, they shall be allowed to sit. Twenty, fifty, or a hundred Jews may be returned to Parliament, the SPEAiaR can issue no new writ, their names are published in the Landon Gazette, and they are in reality members for the places which have returned them. Now, it seems to us the duty of every man to follow out his views to a legitimate conclusion. The Jew is in an ambiguous position; that position ought to be settled. He may be elected, but may not sit. His supporters bring in a bill to 'allow him to sit. If, then, another party oppose this bill, it is clearly their duty to bring in a bill of their own which will prevent him from being elected. Yet this Sir F. TBxsiGzE. and his friends will not do. They stil endeavour to keep up this confusion between the claimof the Jews and an old oath which has nothing vhatever to do with it, and they are content when, by the success of their endeav ours, the question is left in the same uncertainty as before. The supporters of the present bill are not only superior in the strength of their cause and the justice of their arg,uments, but, as it seems to us, in the manliness and honesty of their course.
Whether that central basin of the earth, the Mediterranean, be destined once more to bear a fair share of the world's commerce it is difficult to say. It has certainly been neglected of late years for newer and freeer regions ; but, if we are to have faith in the predictions of the present day, the coasts of Italy and Asia Minor, Egypt and Barbary, are once more, through the operation of modern enterprise, to regain something of the importance of former ages. Nature, indeed, invites the skill and wealth of such a people as ours. America and Australia cannot have a fresher soil and more undeveloped resources than these lands, formerly the sites of great cities, but now restored to a kind of second youth by centuries of sloth and decay. But, if the Mediterranean is to be the scene of a new activity, civilized nations must combine to teach its present rulers those laws by which alone activity and material success are rendered possible. Among those ills which Rings and laws certainly can cause or ciure are the restrictions on intercourse which grow ilp wherever the people is too feeble to resist the tendency of rulers to too much governing. With regard to the internal passport regulations of the Continent, we feel that it is useless to say anything. The thing must have its day, and it is now so interwoven with the political systems of the various States, and is evidently considered so necessary by the crowd of timid statesmen, that argument and expostulation are for the present in vain. But the sea, tho highway of nations, may certainly be liberated without delay. Passport and quarantine are both the embodiment of what we have learned to consider in this country false ideas. We believe that crime and sedition are not checked by the one nor public health insured by the other. Tlhe progress of medical science has banished the notions which influenced the first legislators on quarantine restrictions. The introduction of the plague i3a a box of clothes or the fur of a ship's cat is n6o deemed a fable; the whole theory of contact, with its consequences of friends ccnversing or transacting business without daring to shakdL hands, is now suited only to the longitude of Cairo or Aleppo; whole classes of diseases 'are declared not infectious at all; the spread of epidemics is proved to depend on laws much more complex than any which the simple sanitarians of the past could imagine. Soil, air, water, modes of life, are recognized as the main causes of disease or its absence. The utmost free'dom of ingress would never makeLondon andLiverpool such homes of pestilence as the African cities, nor wvll a legion of health officers ever give to the Levant towns the immunity fronm sicliess which prevails in our own free porte. Hence we, the first trading nation of Europe, may well be emboldened to take up the cause of free navigation. We may, without scruple, lecture the SuLTAw and his tributaries, and lay our experiences before King OTro and the King of NAPLES. But we must come before the world with some appearance of consistency. Example is, we know, better than precept, and foreign Sovereigns, in the actual state of affairs, might well receive our advice with an admonition to reform our. own customs before meddling with theirs. It appears that in the British Mediterranean possessions quarantine flourishes as much as at Smyrna, Athens, or Naples. The Chamber of Commuerce at Malta has just memorialized the Governor on the danger of a too liberal system. Valetta is a port in the line between Constantinople and the shores of the two allied nations. About 200,000 men were lately encamped in the Crimea or on the Bosphorus, and a due proportion 'ofthese of course suffer from the fevers of a warm climate. The. ships wvith invalids contained fever patients, ill or convalescent, who were admitted into port without the precautions of old deemed necessary. The Chamber desires that the Governor will publish and enforce satisfactory regulations. The Maltese authorities do not, indeed, betray mnuch fear for the health of their island. They lay little stress on the danger of infection, but they feel bound to urge that the presence of fever patients "might probably subject to quarantine arrivals "from Mlalta in the ports of other countries." "The other sanitary boards of the Mediterranean!' are the powers which the Maltese hold in awe, and, out of deference to the prejudices of their neigh,bours, they demand that our officers and men shall undergo the usual seclusion of five, ten, or 15 days, as provided by Mediterranean wisdom. 'The Governor not having answered with sufficient promptness the first appeal, the Chamber of Commerce repeats it at greater length, and gives most urgent reasons for its importunity. It says that " what it foreboded has "unfortunately taken place. This island has been "put into quarantine with Sicily and with nearly all "the Italian continent, as also -iith the neigh"bouring coast of Barbary." The injury to local commerce had in consequence been very great; and not only had trade suffered, but the evil was felt by the population in general, " as one of the "immediate consequences of the interruption of "free intercourse with Sicily and Barbary is an "increase in price of all articles of food of "primary necessity." To these representations the Governor, no doubt properly, yielded. Two lazarettoes have been established for fever oases, and vessels from Tripoli, at which place disease prevails, are subjected to quarantine. We see from this incident what a complex system of restriction is established, and how dificult it is to find at what point reform can begin. England is not independent. Her possession of Malta is forced to keep up quarantine, since otherwise the island would be placed under the ban of -tue otiher Dourds -and the population. starved. Other Powers are forced to adhere to the regulat'ons, since otherwise their vessels would not be received at MIalta, which is the half-way port of that part of the world. In this vicious circle each community is obliged to shape its policy according to the demands of its neighbours, and none dares to be the first to break through the burdensome code. It would seem that any one port much frequented might compel all the others to adhere to the system by simply condemning to a troublesome delay all visitors from a suspected place. It is plain therefore that the abuse is not one which can be swept away by the mere resolve of any one nation. If we abolish quarantine in our possessions, without inducing the Southern States to follow our example, we merely exclude Malta and Gibraltar from the benefit of a free intercourse with the world about them. The whole question must be brought before the assembly of nations before one Power can take upon itself to act. The process will thus be longer and morelaborious, butthesuccesswill be great and final, and the statesman who achieves it will have done much to insure lasting fame. The fact that the British Government cannot use its own ports freely for the transport of troops without subjecting the inhabitants to distress is enough to prove that the question is ripe for consideration. Two such countries as England and France might well use their influence to establish a new sanitary code, based on more enlarged science. It would have been a fitting supplement to the acts of the late Congress, if to its declarations on privateering and the rights of neutrals it had appended even a general resolution respecting the deliverance of international commerce from its present restrictions. We trust that the Western Powers are still sufficiently united to join In this great work, and that a few years will see the end of a system which has done much to turn enterprise into other channels, and to cause commerce to seek its development in the furthest regions of the earth.
WUill some ethnological gentleman explain to us how it is that the English always like a crowd? They go wherever there is likely to be a crowld; they invite their friends to a crowd; they let their guests arrive in a crowd, and depart in a crowd. The miseries of the Black Hole of Calcutta are rapeated at almost every party in a London season. A lady calculates how many her rooms will hold, and asks ten times that number. With great efforts they get into a room, where they may see at the distance of a yard their dearest friend or an acquaintance whom they have longed to see for 20 years, without the possibility of a nearer approach. For the pleasure of standing in a poisonous atmosphere for an hour ladies put tllemiiselves in the hands of their milliner, their maid, their hairdresser, for the better part of a day, at no small expense, and in halfan-hour neither they nor their dresses are fit to be seen. The vice of crowding runs through all our arrangements. We never seem to make any calculations of entrance and exit. Our theatres and concert-rooms, our police regulations, all show an utter disregard of these useful considerations. Should Lord AsnBunRToN ever succeed in obtaining for "1 common things" the attention they deserve, we trust he will have this subject conmprehended in the coirse for gentlemen and ladies :-What space does a given number, say 100, or 300, or 3,000, require to stand or sit in ? Wfhat number and width of entrances do 'they require? How can they be put down from their carriages most quickly and comfortably ? How can'they best get away? How can they got to their carriages or their carriages to themn? Seriously, it- is a matter of national importance. Thousands of young ladies have had their health rained by first remaining for hours in hot and close rooms-in our theatres, for example, where the atmosphere has passed through a thousand lungs and as many gas jets, and then having to stalid for twenty minutes with low dresses, bare heads, and baU shoes, on stone floors, in draughty passages, under a portico, or even on the wet pavement, the wind in the east, and the thermometer perhaps ten degrees below freezing point. This is no exaggeration, for these are the precise cireumstances under which thousands of people heard IMadame GOLDSCHWDT, or saw the new pieces at the theatres last Christmas. There must be something national about it, for tllis is the particular point at which our boasted common sense and our p'cuIffiar prference of comzfort to showr invariably faiL When the DuxE said there were not more than three men who could get 50,000 men oat of Hyde Park, he touched not merely the inexperience of our generals, but a weak point in the national character. To be sure, on the occasion of the fireworks the authorities appeared to act on the maxim abindans cautZa non nVo-et, for they took down some hundred yards of the Park palisades. There, however, the powers of street oMder seemed to fail; for, notwithstanding some regulations posted on all the waUs, nothing whatever had been done, or vwas done, to secure the circulation of the carriages, and hundreds of them stood still for hours, generally where there was nothing to be seen. There never was any means of comniunicating with the head of the column, and so creating a movement that would liberate the whole line of carriages. But where, and on what occasion, do we naturally look for an example in these things? If there is a pldee and time in the whole world where one has a right to expect space, and order, andfreedom from positive annoyances and indignities, it is one of HER MAJESTY's Drawing-rooms. When a thousand of the first ladies and gentlemen in the land come up perhaps from the country, array themselves as befits their rank, and go to the Palace to tender their homage and congratulations to HER MAJESTY on her birthday, they ought not to be worse treated than the frequenters of a penny theatre, or of a dancing booth at Greenwich fair. But they are. At least, they were on the last birthday. aIany of them were in the rank an hour and a half before they were put down. They had then to squeeze and almost fight their way through long passages and up narrow stairs, and round corners, and all sorts of diffi- culties. Every lady had to enter the Royalpresence with her dress and appearance evidently disordered. MIany dresses, indeed, were torn and partly stripped of their lace by the contact of boots, spurs, and balustrades. There was no opportunity- of taking rest, looking about, and seeingr who were there. They then found it utterly impossible to get to their servants or to their carriages; indeed, many carriages were called for half an hour without appearing, and a long external portico was crowded the whole afternoon with the first ladies in the land, waiting in vain for the appearance of their splendid but now useless - equipages. No lady or gentleman could look back on t'he afternoon without the feeling of having gone through an unpleasant and rather degrading process. All this, of course, is wholly unnecessary. There is no reason for making the Royal presence a climax of difficulties, as if Queen ViCToRIA were Fame, or some other divinity, perched at the top of a rugged steep, trodden by toiling devotees. She ought not to be made the object of a painful pilgrimage. Every stage of the affair is a mere mechanical question, admitting of the easiest remedies. A thousand pounds-not more than the damage now done to ladies' dresses-would go a great way i- - providing temporary places for putting down and talang up, for -obtaiming wider passages and ample standing room. Nothing would be easier than to make the carriages drarw up and put down in talies of half-a-dozen at a tilme, and get the occupants of each half-dozen carriages into a sufficiently capacious saloon before tlle arrival of the next. It is not the number, but the crowding, that causes the difficulty. If this is not sufficient to keep the stream flowing, there is no reason why there should not be two or more entrances, to which the carriages should be alternately directed by the policemen in attendance. Anyhow, it is a merely mechanical question, which only calls for a little head work in some quarter where at present head is not to be found. WVe have only talked of arrangements and temporary structures, because there can be no doubt that the old Palace of St. James, like our public offices, is utterly inadequate to its purpose. There is an old tradition that the suite of rooms there is very convenient for Royal receptions, but the fact is as we describe, and we leave others to reconcile it with the flattering tradition. It is not fit for the holding of Drawing-rooms, and many ladies in delicate health are deterred from attending on these occasions by the prospect of annoyances for which they have neither the nerve nor the physical strength. If we read in a tour through the United States that men had to go through the same process at the Whitehouse, before they could get at the P.EsIDEmx, which ladies have to go through at St. James's, we should set it down to republican manners. What, then, is to be done ? The first and directest remedy is to alter or wholly rebuild St. James's. There are, however, objections t6 this course. It -seems ridiculous to build a suite of rooms for the reception of the QuERN's visitors when her Palace is only a few hundred yards off, and in most respects quite fit for the purpose. Then, such is the exaggeration of this age, that if St. James's were to be rebuilt it would grow into a monster pile, like the Palace of Westminster, with no end of rooms, great and small, galleries, halls, cloak-rooms, robing-rooms, lobbies, towers, ventilators, &c., that would never be puit to any use whatever. Lastly, there is a purpose to which St. James's could be applied, and for which it is admirably adapted. The Ministers have at present no place for their receptions. Their official residences are small, shabby, and even dangerous, and almost every London house is inade- quatefor a large party. Theyiust invite everybody, and everybody must go; and the result is a crowd, from which everybody escapes as soon as he can, content to have shown his face inside the door. It has been suggested to hand over St. James's for the use of IER MAJEST3'S MIinisters, just as HM MAJESTY'S Palace of Westminster has long ago been given up to Parliament and the Law Courts. Buckingham Palace may not be perfectly adapted for. Drawing-rooms, inasmuch as it was not built for them. Tllere is only one grand staircase, -whereas for this purpose there ouglht to be two. But if Buckingham Paiace is large enough and convenient enough for a ball of 2,000 people, surely, with the smallest possible arrangement or management, it might be adapted for the holding of Drawing-rooms. But wherever these State ceremonials are held, whether at St. James's or at Buckingham Palace, the approach to Royalty ought not to be disgraced by crashes, and casuaIties, and altercations of the most ignominious character. Something ought to be done, and something can be done. There must be a general reform in these things. Atf present there is only one place in England where one can hear musicwithout inconvenience, witness a State ceremony -with ease, arrive wvithout delay, and depart -without difficulty-and that isthe Crystal Palace. Why is I it tie only place where these conditions are fulfilled! Simply because there is neither the head nor the heart to attempt something better.
IATIEST INTELLIGENCE. THE OVERLAND MAIL. INDIA AND AUSTRA.LIA (By SUBIBMAnIX AD BITIS!H TZLGRAP.H.) We hiave eceived the following telegraphic despatch from Trieste:-, "TRIESTE, SUNDAY, JUImN 8. " The steamer Australia arrived here this morning in 106 hours from Alexandria, which port she left on the 3d of June. " The Indian mail was at Alexandria, and was to have left on the 5th of June, with advices from Calcutta of the 4th of May, and Bombay of the 12th of May. ;' Trade in India was dull. Shipping was in good demand. "The cotton-market was active. "Exchange at Bombay, 2 1 ; at Calcutta, 1[. "The money-market was tight. "AUSTRALIA. "By this arrival we have advices from Melbourne, vid Ceylon, to the 28th of March. "1 The price of gold had risen to 31. 18s. 6d. "1 Exchange on London was at 2 per cent. pre"The coinage at the Mint was a loss of 1} per cent. to the colony. II In the week ending the28th of 3farch the shipments of gold from Melbourne amounted to 60,827 ounces and 10,0001. in specie by the Morning Star, to Bristol, and 45,672 ounces and 110,0007. in specie by the George Marshall, to London. " The shipments to England in five weeks were 337,000 ounces of gold and 350,0001. in specie. " The goldfields were yielding more largely than ever-at the rate of nearly 20,000,0001. per anuum. " The prodace of the first tnree months of 1856 is nearly double that of the corresponding three months of 1855, being close upon 700,000 ounces. " Trade continued steady. The balance was in favour of the colony. In five weeks the value of the exports was 3,917,0001., against 1,400,0001. imports. "The necessaries of life were moderate. "Immigrants were wanted and invited. "At Melbourne they had been 108 days withoat advices from England, and the Legisature had voted 75,0001. per annum to re-establish a steam communication. "In New South Wales, as in Victoria, the first attempts at a responsible Government were unsuccessfuL " In New Zealand the natives of Taranaki were sill unruly, but that colony, like Australia, was, generally, peaceful and prosperous."
THE EAST. (BY SuBmAXEK A-D nirrSn TEnmnA:PH.) We have received the following telegraphic depatch from our Vienna correspondent:- " VIENNA, FBmWY EmVNwq, JuxE 6. "Advices from Constantinople to the 30th of May have been received here. " Persia will mend an envoy to Paris. " General Shirley has received orders to remain with his Staff at Constantinople. " The affair of the bank is not yet settled, but Baron Rothschild haa the best chance of suoce3s. "A conscription of 13,000 Rayahswill shortlytake place." We have also received the: followving telegraphic despatch from our Marseilles correspondent:- "M ARSEMLES, SuND-nY, Jur.% S, 1110 Asr. "The Meandre. has arrived with advices from Constantinople bf the 29th, and from the Crimea of the 27th nlt. " Despatches leave atlO p.m. " Your correspondent, writing from the Crimea on the 27th ult., says "'After the distribution of French medals General Codrington gave a dinner to all the Generals and Chiefs of Divisions. "c ' The 71st Regiment has left by the Sidon; a a detachment of Artillery by the Argo and Hydaspes; the 47th Regiment leaves to-day for M31ata by the Imperatrice; the 4th and 38th Regiments are at Balaklava. "'The weather is changeable, with much rain.'" The Moanicur of yesterday publishes the follow. ing:- " The Emperor slept on Friday night atC'teauRenault. "C His MIajestv arrived on Saturday morning, at 9 o'clock, at Tours. He immediately proceeded by the quays stream upwards along the left bank of the Loire to the junction canal of the Cher. The Emperor had a detailed report made to him of the different incidents of the rise, and of the works executed at the moment. "H aving examined one of the breaches in the canal through which the waters of the Loire inundated the town, His Majesty entered a boat and visited the inundated quarters. This visit lasted for nearly two hours. The Emperor returned by the Rue Royale to the Prefecture. "His M£ajesty left Tours at half-past 12, and arrived at Blois at 6. The Emperor handed from his private purse 20,000f. to the Prefect of the Loiret, 5,O000. to the Mlayor of Beaugency, 20,O0f. to the Prefect of the Loire-et-Cher, 50,O00f. to the Prefect of the Indre-et-Loire, and he sent also a sum of 50,000f. to the Prefect of the Maine-et-Loire. " During this visit His Majesty received the same marks of affection and gratitude as on the banks of the Rhone, everywhere the population, deeply moved, crowded round him, and from their hearts showered blessings and thanks upon him. "HEis Majesty returned in the evening to St.
AMERICA. (BY ELECTjIC TELEG.APH.) SOQU1AMTOX, SUNDAY EV-ENIG. The Vanderbilt steamship North Star, en r'otdc from Bremen to New York, has arrived, and will sail for her destination on Wednesday. PORTUGAL. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRRPL.) SOTUTHAMPTON, Su-DAY EvznmG. By the Royal mail steamer Tamar we have received the following intelligence from Lisbou to the 5thinst.:- The SaldanhaMagalhaeus Cabinet had resigned in consequence of the King's refasing the creation of new Peers to pass the bills which had been approved by large majorities in the Chamber of Deputies,for the quotation of Portuguese Bonds upon the Stock-Exchange, and for a new loan for the construction of railways; and the King had sent a telegraphic despatch to Count Lavradio, Portuguese Amibassador in london, to form ainew Cabiet; but, it being found impossible to wait his arrival, Giulio Gomes da Silva Sanches, Pres'dent of the Charmber of Deputies, was offered the post of Premier and the portfolio of the Interior with the Mfarquis of Loul6, Viscount Sa Bandeira, and ?L Joze Jorge Loureiro for colleagues, and there appeared little doubt they would take charge of the f5rincipal departments. Marquis Felippe de Souza was also spoken of as Minister of Justice. Our Lisbon correspondent states that it was thought probable that Al. Giulio Gomes would abide by the arrangements of the Portuguese Bond question, or substitute some other equally satisfactory for the quotation upon the Stock-Exchange. The Duke of Saldanha has assisted the King in the formation of a new Cabinet. The Douro steamer left Lisbon for Liverpool on the 4th, and the French steamer Perdrix -was the ouly foreign vessel of war in port when the Tamar left the Tagus.
THE BRAZILS AND THE rIER PLATE. (BY ELECTRIC TEUGRAPH.}) SOUTEfAMPTON, SmqmkY Evxxim. By the Boyal Mail ateamer Tamar, Capti BeVt with the Brazilian and River Plate mails, we have dates from Buenos Ayres to April 30; lontevideo, May 3; Rio de Janeiro, 15; Bahia, 18; Pernambuco, 20; St. caTett 2)7; Teneriffe, 31; Madeira, June 2; and Lisbon, 5. The Tamar brings 125 passengers, and on fieght 9,500W. in specie, 52,476t. value in diamonds, and a cargo of cochineal, coffee, tapioca, oranges, &c. Dring the voyage she experienced strong head winds. The Taanar signaled the steam-transPort Simlla, steering S- in lat. 38.22 1A. long. 9.25 W. Also in the Channel the Tazus with the outwArd Peninsular mails. Intelligence from Baenos Ayres is to the 30th of April. Commercial matters presented a healthy-tone, nd in gonsequence of the moderate importations which had taken place the markets had improved. The demand in manactured goods for the confederate provinces wa steady. ln articles of daily consuuption, common Spanish wines, salt, and American lumber were the arrivals most abundant, and sugar, on the contrary, showed an upward tendency, While tea, coffee, tobacco, &c. were quiet and firm. Export produce accumulated slowly, and, with the exception of tallow, grease, and horse-hides, the short snpply had the effect of maintaining firm prices. In hides and wool prices had ad. vanced from 10 to 12 per cent. Exchange -wAs quoted for bills on England, at 6O and 6f; France, per doubloon, 82ALf. At Montevideo pDlitical appearanoes were gloomy, but commercial affairs were more active and satisfactory. Flores and Oribe were in the ascendant. From Rio oar dates are to the 15th uIt. Yellow lever prevailed. The Parliament was opened on the 3d ult. The Emperor's speech thus alludes to the slave trade:- "-Notwithstanding all measures taken for the repression of the abominable trade in slaves, some adventurers have dared to try new specalations, but the vigilance of my Government, supported by public opinion, have frastrated them, as I hope it will alwvays happen. The trade in slaves s completely done away throughout the whole empire." The budget for the years 1857 and 1858 had just been pixb. lished. According to that document the debit and credit of the empire for that year are calculated at 4,061,9991. 3s. 4d. The home debt is computed to the 31st of December last at 8,815,9501., and the foreign one at 5,G39,900g. The imports and exports in the empire in the years 1854 and 1855 are valued at 20,092,2371. 10s. 7d. Of this sum 5,207,9081. belonged to Great Britain, 11,433,0431. 17s. 10d. to France, 81,1361. 10s. 7d. to the United States, and 741,2151. 15s. to Port*. gal and possessions. These results show, when com. pared with those of former years, a colisiderable increae in the export. The new Customs' tariff was about to be published. The Mtinister, fearing that there would be a decrease in the receipts in consequence of a decrease in the duties in the import, intended re-establishing the duty of 2 per cent. on the export from the empire. -Exchange on London, 27$ to 27A; Paris, 347 to 352; Hamburg, 855 to 660. The bulk at 65S. In coffee the transactions on account of news from Europe being unsatisfactory, 4S,000 bags were sold at a decline oE about 200 reis, bat the coffee dealers were firm, and maintained the prices they asked. Very little coffee was arriving from this comntry. The roads wel-e still very bad, and there were no people to work in the plantati*ns. The want of slaves was beginning to be felt, and cofee would, it was expected, attain a very high rate. The stock ruled from 80,OO to 100,000 bags a-month since February. Some o£ the dealers not wishing to yield to the offers of the exporters continaued to ship on their ownaccouiat. The stock of coffee was about 120,000 bags to-day. The quotations wre-wished, 5,800 to 6,400; superior, 5,20D to 5,300; first good, 4,800 to 4,900; first ord., 4,500 to 4,700; second good, 4,300 to 4,400; second ord., 3,700 to 4,000; sugar samples white, 3,900 to 4,000; second, 3,500 to 3,800; brown, 2,900 to 3,200; horns (ox), 16,000 to 18,000; cow, ditto, 4,000 to 5,000; hides, heavy, 340 to 350; light., ditto, 350. Two new banking companies had been proposed and the shares all subscribed. At Bahia yellow fever had but slightly decreased among she shipping. About five deaths occurred daily in the city from cholera. The Patent Ship Company was progressing favourably. The Babia was to be commenced shortly. At the opening of the Provincial Assembly the President urged the necessity of combination for the purpose of carry-ing out many inprovements necessary for the welfare of the province. The importation of free labour was considerel the most essential. Our commercial letter says, considering the drawback of three weel:s rain we have had a good month's trade; the demand for dry goods has been better than for some time past. Sugars have not come forward freely on account of rains, but the demand hasbeen good principallyfor Sweden, France, and the United States; good white Colingbla until yesterday fetched 31, since then 2,900 has been) accepted on large list. Regular Bahia, vhite, 2,800, or 25s. 9d., and browns 2,400 or 2-2s. per cwt. free on board ; ex first ord. browns 2,100(, to 2,300, stock 7,400 tons, aud less than this time last year 3,600 cases and 10,000 bags, and exported to date less than last crop, same time, 9,423 cases, 400 boxes, and 40,000 bags. Coffee crop season over last sale for United States 4,400, or 42s. 10d. per cvw. Cotton iast sale 5,500 or 51. Freights, 55s. to 60z. Channel, 52s. 6d. Bremen and Hamburg, 62.6. Mediterranean, 50 and . Liverpool, 75c. United States, 27A and 27g. Imports.-Flour.-Stock, 10,000 barrels; last sle-Gallego, inferior, 29. Fish, very heavy importation, selling from 4 to 9 per quintal. Her Majesty's ships at Rio were the Indefatigable, Mada. gascar, and Express; aL Bahia, the Syren; at 3Montevideo, the Star; at Pernambuco, the Sharpshooter and the Spy. The Tnaar signalled Her Majesty's ship Prometheus, standing into Funchal.
COURT CIRCULAIL The Queen and Prince Albert rode on horseback on Saturday morning, attended by the Hon. Mary Bulteel, l£a3or-General Bouverie, and Captain the Hon. D. de Ros. Her Majesty withthePrincess Royal took a drive in the afternoon in an open landau and four, attended by the Hon. Lucy Kerr; Lord Charles Fitzroy, and Major-General Bouverie attended on horseback. The Regent oE Baden visited Greenwich Hospital on Fri.day afternoon, and afterwards passed up the river in a steamer to Chelsea. His Royal Highness left Buckingham Palace on Saturday mormngona tourm England and Scotland. TheTrinoe Riegentvwas attended by Colonel Baron Seutter, the Hon. Miortimer Sackville WfestBaron de Geumingenand Dr. UllHman. His Royal Eighness and suite quitted the Palace in two of the Queen's carriages at half past 7 o'clock for the terminus of the Eastern Counties Railway at Shoreditel, and lef' for the North vid Cambridge and York. Prince Albert and Prince Frederick William of Prussia visited the National Gallery on Saturday afternoon. * His Serene Highness Prince Ernest of Leiningen visited Her Majesty. The Prince of Wales rode on horsebadk in the morning and in the afternoon, attended by Mr. Gibbs, visited the Maharajah Dhuleep SmIh at his residence, at Roehampton Her Mlajesty and his oyal Highness the Prince Consort, with the Princess Royal, honoured the Haymarket Theatre with their presence in the evening. The Royal suite consisted of Lady *Uacdonald, Lord Wasterpark, lajor-General Bouvorie, and Captain the Hon. D. doelRes. Yesterday the Queen and Prince Albert, with the Prince of Wales and the Princess Royal, together with the ladies and gentlemen of the Court and the domestic lsouaebold, attended Divine service in the chapel of Buckingham Palace. The Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean of Windsor officiated. His Royal Highness Prince Frederick William of Prussia was also present at the service. ler Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, attended by Lady Anna Maria Dawson and Lord James Murray, left town on Saturday for her residence, Frogmore, near Windsor. Prince Ernest of Leiningen paid a-visitto the - Royal Dachess previons to her leaving London. A deputation from St. Mary, Islington, consisting of Messrs. John Savage and John Shadgett (churchwardens), and Mr. William Anderson, members of the Burial B Edward Ballard, .D., medical officer of health; Mr. James Taylor, clerk to the Burial Board; and Mr. John Layton, vestry clerk, transacted business at the Home. office on Saturday. Mffr. John Wood, Chairman of the Board of Inland Revenue, had an interview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on Saturday. Sir Alexander Spearman had also an interviewwith the right hon. baronet at his official residence in Downing-street. Mr. James Clay and a deputation had an interview with Lord Stanley of Alderley and the Rlight Hon. . Lowe, on Saturday, at the offlce of the Board of Trade. Despatches for the Governor of the Falidand Islands were sent from the Colonial-office on Saturday evening. Despatches were received from the Governors of Hong. konig and Ceylon.
A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday afternoon at the Foreign-ofEce, Downing-street. The Ministers present were-Viscount Pablerston, the Lord Chancellor, Earl Granville, the Earl of Rarrowby, Sir George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, MIr. Secretary Labouchere, Lord Pamnure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Right Hon. M1. T. Baines, and the Duhke of Argyll. The Council sat three hours and a-quarter. At the Fancy Ball -honoured by Her Majesy presence, at 1anover-square Rooms, on Friday last, in aid I of the funds of the Rloyal Academy.of Music, Mr. Henry Kendon was appointed master of tho ceremonies by the Earl of Westmoreland.
THE AGRICULTURAL SHOW AT PARIS. (MoM o0" AcRIcvTUBJL COBESPON-Dz .) PA1IS, Jumr 7.' Nothing seems to interfere with or dimiish the Iaterest in this exhibition. Though itrainedall day on Thursday the building was crowded with visitors; yesterday and to-day it has been thronged. Boxes have been placed in different parts of it for the reception of contributions to the sufferers by the inundations, which are said to have rendered 40,000 people houmeless. On the, suggestion of Mr. Jonas Webb a subscription has been opened among the exhibitors and visitors from the British Islands in aid of this benevolent object. In our last letter we mentioned the want of organization among the English exhibitors. No doubt, a powerful society like the Agricultural Society of England and a nation like the English mation can afford to dispense with the adventitious aid of a long list of names deputed to represent them in person at the French Exchibition. Still there is an advantage, in a foreign country, in Laving some point of general rendezvous. But it is amusing to witness the inmportance which the various. countries of Europe attach to the honour of forming members of deputation. Scotland sends 29 represeTitatives, Ireland 20, all the other European States one each, and England not even one. She has her proportion of members of the jury, bht no commissioner to represent her Agricultural Society. Yet her position andgenuine importance are at once recognized by the selection of M,r. Evelyn Denison to propose the principal -toast of the evening at the public entertainment giventotheforeign jurors. It was from no want of respect to France that a deputation from England was not sent, because we are assured that many of {he most eminent members of the Royal Agricultural Society were most anxious to be placed on such a deputation. But there was some onission on the part of the French authorities in London in notifying to the Society the desire of the French Government in reference to the appointment of a deputation, and the matter thus fell to the ground. The show of implements seems to be a very attractive point of the exhibition. All the leading makers of England have sent specimens of their manufacture, but with these your agricultural readers are already familiar. It is not necessary, 'therefore, to describe that department in detail. 'The foreigners have an extensive showof implements, many of them extremely ingenious, an excess of ingenuity, indeed, being the fault of most of their machines. The union of science with practice is peculiarly necessary in implement-making, but we 'think we never saw so much ingenuity and scientific knowledge expended uselessly on instruments, the chief recommendation of which should be simplicity. 3Iany of the machines are designed to correct the results of defective agriculture. The foreigners are strongerincurethanprevention. Seed-sifterstoseparate the seeds of weeds from corn are more numerous -than hoes, by which those weeds might have previously been extirpated. We have not seen any foreign field implement which we should consider an advantageous addition to the husbandry of England. But there are some small machines of a different class more worthy of notice. A straw-loom, shown by MA. Guvot, of the Chateau de SiUery, and which -costs only 80f., is a simple and useful invention. It forms mats with two threads of wire, No. 4, woven with straw or reeds or rushes, which will last four years. The machine is worked by a man like a common handloom, and the thin web as it is formed passes through below the machine and winds itself up behind the workman, like a carpet. This straw web is used for the protection of young vines trained along the ground, and costs rather less than Id. a-yard. The inveutor ised 00,000 yards of it last year to protect his vines to the 15th of Mray against white frosts; till the 30th of June against cold rain; and til harvest against the otherwise slow maturity of a cold season. 'his invention might be very -usefully employed in market gardens and nursery grounds, and the matting can also be set up in a frame perpendicularly for the protection of wall fruit. The trial of implements in the field is to be resumed on Monday and Tuesday, with the view especially of further testing the qualities of the steam ploughs. It is very remarkable that, with al the mechanical ingenuity which has been so long applied to the manufacture of agricultural machines, no satisfactory application of steam to the actual processes of husbandry has yet been invented. This is no doubt chiefly owing to the inherent difficulty of the thing itself, but partly also to other causes. A sufficient unity of object has not been kept in view. Some 'writers of influence lave disparaged the plough as the best implement of cultivation for the application of steam power. 'They have proposed other instruments of tilage, or rather have indicated a different action than -that of ploughing to which steam should be applied, without exactly defining the substitute they would propose. This has unsettled men's minds on the subject. It should notbe forgotten that the plough is, next to the spade, the oldest and most universal of agricultural implements, and that any man who can discover a mode of ploughingby steam will at once have found a power that farmers in all countries can make use of. Let us only find out a practical mode of applying steam to the plough, and its application to any other implement of tiflage wyill be an easy consequence. The English society offer a prize of 5001. for a steam plough at their next meeting. Even if the best implement there should not come up to the expectations of the society, they should not be too chary of giving away the prize to the invention which shows the most promnise. Merit is the better for encouragement, and perfection in any machine is seldom attained except through many trials, aIterations, and amendments. There are only twvo steam ploughs exhibited, and they are both from England, the foreigners having attempted no competition with us in this difficult object. Mr. Fowler's plough, though stMll somewhat defective in haulage, is otherwise very promising and made fair worlc. The trial of Mr. Williams's plough was not attended with the same degree of success. The best exhibition of cereal grains is that of Mlessrs. Lawson, of Edinburgh, wh'e have accordingly received the great gold niedal. The arrangement and completeness of this extensive stand were very greatly admired. Mr. BrIntosh, of Edinburgh, has also a highly creditable exhibition. MIr. George Hope, of Fenton, takes a prize for his Fenton variety of wheat, the introduction of which is said to have increased the average produce of East Lotlian by some bushels an acre. None of the leading English seedsmen have shown anything at the exhibition. The Irish collection of seeds is not first-rate. But in another branch of Irish produce MIr. Adair, of Bellevue, in the Queen's County, has been awarded a gold medal for sugar made by him from yellow globe mangold-a root not usually cultivated for sulgar, but -which yields twice the weight of white Silesian beet, and weight for weight is only one-fifth poorer in sugar. The more minutely one examines this exhibition the more does one find reason to admire it. There is no branch of agriculture that is not in some manner illustrated here. The wheat-grower of the Danube may compare notes with the East Lothian farmer, the Cheshire dairyman with him of the Swisw - mountains of Grqy4re, the sheep-breeaer of the Cotswoi.Jjs with the owner of a still larger I1 reed in Holstein. The grower and manufIcturer of beetroot sugar in the north shows his roots and his sugar against the grower of the samAe produce in the south. They learn from each other in what respects they are affected by the difference of climate or of soil. It is a friendly competition in which all are benefited and instructed and in wandering from one object of interest to another, the chief regret an Englishman is obliged to feel is his inability to communicate with ease in the French and German languagea-a defect of our English educational pystein which is rendered painfully obvious to him at this universal concourse of nations. To Englishmen who can spare the timae and who are interested in agriculture we would say, " Come over to Paris at once; do not miss this opportunity, for never before in our time has such a chance of gaining instructive information been offered to you."
THE COiVVICT PALMER. STAFFORD, JTusE 8. Yalmer still continues to exhibit the samo callous and 'unmoved appearance that has characterized him all along, and the near approach of death does not, so far as outward appearance goes, seem at all to dismay him It has been already stated that befove the prisoner was removed from INTewgate an entire suit of prison dress w placed upon him, and when he arrived at Stafford this dress was again changed to the one used in that gaol. This proceeding was not only with a view to prevent the possibility of theprisoner making use of any means of death that might have been secreted about his person, but it is compulsory by the Gaol Act upon every governor of a prison to adopt this course in the case o. every prisoner sentenced to capital punishment. The suit of clothes worn by the prisoner during his confinement in Newgate and the period of his trial was carefully searched after it had been taken from his person, bat nothing whatever of a deadly character was found in any part of it. It appears to be the impression of those who have an opportunity of observing the prisoner that a good deal of the apparent self-possession and coolness exhibited by him are assumed. He is undoubtedly a man of strong nerves, and one having great control over his feelings. He is well aware that the slightest faltering on his part, or his maldng the slightest admission of guilt, would at once seal up all hope of escape, and he evidently relies upon the great exertions which he kuows are being made by his friends and the non-discovery of any strychnine in the body of the deceased operating in his favour, and that he has only one course to pursie to assist theoperations of hisfriends, which isthatof steadily persisting in adeclaration of his innocence. He has been visited separately by his three brothers and a sister, and it is kiiown that on every occasion he was told that the exertions on his behalf were going on favourably, and that he nsight reasonably anticipate that they would in the end be successful, or tEat, at all events, he would receive a respite in order that further investigation of a scientific character might be made with reference to the poison that was alleged to have occasioned the death of the deceased. This feeling of hop, there is no doubt, buoys him up, and although the Rev. Mr. Goodacre, the chaplain, and Major Fulford, the governor of the gaol, have both earnestly inipressed upon him their belhef that there is not the slightest chance of the Royal clemency being granted to him, and that it is his duty to prepare niumself for the dreadful fate that awaits him, it seems that the representations of his friends have more weight with him than the truthful 'suggestions of the authonties of the prison, and that he clings with a desperate tenacity to the hope of a reprieve. It would seem cruel thus to raise the hopes of the unhappy man, when there appears to be so little zeasonable chance of their being realized, as it will no doubt have the effect of inducing him to persist in a course of hypocrisy for the brie' remainder of his existence; and when the dread certainty arrives, and all hope must necessarily depart, the revulsion of feeing will naturally be most violent. Actuated by such impressions, it is not to be wondered at that Palmer has taken every opportunity of asserting his innocence, and he appears desirous to court an ar-ument upon the facts of the case, and the evidence upon which he was convicted. In the course of a conversation the chaplain had with him during the last day or two, Palmer referred to the subject of the poison which he was represented to have purchased of the witness Newton on the Monday night when the unfortunate man Cook had his first attack, and he declared that the statement of Newton, as to his having made such a purchase, was false. "W ell," was the response, " supposing this statement to be false, yon have never attempted to deny that six grains of strychnine were purchased by you at the other chymist's shop on the Tuesday morning, and you have given no explanation of what has become of the poison so purchased." " Oh," replied Palmer, coolly, "I don't deny that I purchased six grains on Tuesday, but if I had wished to kdll Cook with strychnine there was no necessity for purchasing such a quantity as that, which would have been sufflcient to kill half-a-dozenj men. it is well known that I used the strycbnine to poison dogs, and I could have proved it." In answer to this statement he was told that evidence to that effect would have been very inmportant if it had been brought forward at the trial, and Palmer then said, "How could I prove it-the only vitness I could have called for that purpose was my own groom, and he would not have been believed." Palmer has also repeatedly declared, in a most solemn manner, that whatever other crimeshe may have committed, he was innocent of that of shedding blood. Although the prisoner has declined to avail himself of the screened seat provided forhim in the chapel of thegaol, yet it does not appear that he is altogether regardless of his religious duties. On the contrary, he pays marked attention to the spiritual advice afforded him by the worthy chaplain of the prison, who, it may be stated, has been unremittin in his attention to him ever since his confinement. He exhibits an apparent sense of the manner in which he has neglected his duties in a religious point of view, and to that extent appears penitent; but to any suggestion that the greatest proof of his sincerity would be an admission of the justice of his sentence, he turns a deaf ear, and asserts that he is innocent of the crime of murdering John Parsons Cook. The prisoner appears to take advantage of every circumstance lkely to operate in his favour, and this was particularly exemplified in his intercourse with Mr. Wright, the gentleman who, for a philanthropic object, devotes a considerable portion of his time to visiting the different gaols of the country, and having interviews with prisoners accused of great offences, and who has a special order from the Secretary of State to enable him to do so. To this gentleman Palmer, while still asserting his innocence, made so great a show of penitence and religious feeling, that he went away deeply impressed in his favour, and with the belief that his conversation had materially softened him. The moment Palmer was alone, however, he resumed his former appearance, and it was apparent to those about him that no real effect had been produced in his mind. It appears that the execution will not be performed by Caliraft, the ordinary executioner. This is not on account of any opinion of his incompetence in consequence of a recent event, but it seenis that for several years the executions that have taken place in this county have been performed by a man named Smith, wholives at Dudley. He has no regular salary, but vwhen there is a necessity for his services his expense3 are paid to Stafford, and after the execution he receives 61. for the duty he has performed. He has already been applied to, and an answer ws received in due form, thanking the authorities, and expressing his willingness to perform the duty. So numerous have been the applications on behalf of the reporters of the metropolitan and provincial press for orders of admission to be present at the execution, that Major Fulford, the governor of the prison, who, by the way, it may be stated has shown the utmost courtesy and politeness to our correspondent, and has on anl occasions evinced a readiness to give every information in his power consistent with his duty, has felt himself in considerable difficulty how to act, In such a case as this, where the attention of the public has naturally been so much excited, and where even the interests of justice would appear to require that the incidents connected with the last moments of so extraordinary a malefactor should be faithfully recorded, it appears evidently essential that some authorized representatives of the press should be present; but the regulations of the gaol are imperative, and by ono of them the governor is positively interdicted from allowing any strangers to be in the prison on the morniing of an execution. Under these circumstances Major Fulford on Friday addressed a letter to the Secretary of State, asking for his directions upon the subject, and suggesting, at the same time, that he thould be permitted to admit a certain number of accredited reporters to be present at the exeocution, and there is very little doubt that Si:r G. Grey Will accede to the request.
NEW VNATIONAL GALLEIY BiLL.-A bill prepared by the Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Wlson pro. vides a site for a new National Gallery, and after a lengthy preamble empowers the Lords of the Treasury to select and mark out such part of the land purchased by the Exhibition Commissioners, at Kensington-gore, as may appear suitable for the purpose of the site of a new National (Gallery, with proper surrounding or adjoinling space and approaches. The ineligibilitygof this site has already been pointed out in a leading article of 27ec Tin2cs. WTHOLESAlE PoISONinG BY STRYCIINE.-A wealthy young farmer, in a parish near Crediton, having, in common with many of his neighbours, suffered much from the ravages of rooks (wvhich have a peculiar relisih for w;heat just sown as well as for grubs), purchased a large quantity of strychnine about five or weeks since, whch, having dissolved, he steeped several bushels of late spring wheat in the liquid, and then sowed it in one of his fields, which in a few days maybhe said to have been perfectly blackened with the dead bodies of the poor " caw-cawrs," several bushels of them having been collected.
-: TUREY. (TxZo3 OUJW 9 0O RBpsOr1NDIT.) CONSTANTINOPLE, MAY 26. A period of suspense is always a time for conjecture; nowhere is this more the case than in Turkey, where politics, even in ordinary times and in spite of the so-called reforms, tfill follow their capricious course, seeiingly as unaccountable as are the will-of-the-wrisp. It is this fanciful, hobgobln-like nature of Turkish politics which, I suppose, wrgagested to the simple-minded inhabitants of the provinces the idea of consulting the shoulder-bones of sheep about the possible changes in the political world of Stamboul, and to predict from the greater E or less density of the bony matter in a certain spot the durability of the Sadir Azam's reign. It is a thousand pities that no priests of this shoulder-bone oracle are to be found in this enlightened capital, for they would probably offer a better chance of predicting the changes in the official world of Stamboul than the deepest calculations of the politician. The only thing which seems certain is, that every one is wide awake and wratching anxiously his opportunity. Iost interest is naturally excited by the quest ton,whoisto be Grand Vinier?e The question is ~~~%lis~ ~ ~~w 1 consideraby simplified by there beingonly twomen who are considered possible, namely, the present Grand Vizier, Aal Pasha, and Reds-chid. But the F question thus simnplified is not the less difficult. Anli Pasha is, according to all accounts, *nwillinlg to continue the thankless task of being the nominl head of a Cabinet overwhich he can exert only a slight control, and to take upon himself the responsibility of actions to which he subscribed under tlhe influence of moral pressure and of a noble but perhaps exaggerated feeling of loyalty, which does not even shrink from the sacrifice of a conviction to the wishes of his Sovereign. On the other hand, there is Redschid Pasha, unquestionably the most popular man among the well-thinlking part of the Mahomedan population, and the only man in whom the Ra; ahs- have confidence, who, in spite of the repeated entreaties of the Sultan, still persists in his refusal to take office unless he gets guarantees 'that theCourt vill refrain from interfering with the affairs of Government, and that he will have a free hand to weed out with merciless vigour the noxious parasites who encumber all spheres of administration. Of course, it is useless to speculate whether he will get these guarantees, which depend entirely on the will of a single man, exposed to so rany rival influences. Another of the questions which give rise at tho present moment to conjectures and speculations is, who wil go as Ambassador to St. Petersburg? This question depends entirely on the solution of the former. If, namely, Redschid should be induced to form a Ministry, Aali Pasha is designated for that important post. If Aali Pasha remains Grand Vizier, it will be probably Mehemed Kibrisli, the present Kaimakan, and formerly Ambassador in London. Fuad Pasha was mentioned, but besides that it would be a rather strange way of renewing relations with Russia by sending them the very man who had been the object of the first outbreak of Prince Menschikoff's wrath in 1853, I don't think he would like to leave Stamboul just now. Again, another object of care and solicitude and hopes and fears is the reduction of the army to the peace establishment, and the disposal of so many officers of high rank whom it will al'ect. As. you know, the Turkish army is divided in times of peace into six corps d'arree, according to the recruiting districts. Th1is division was entirely, or nearly entirely lost during the war, and with the exception of insig,nificant depOts, and the small garrisons in the different provinces, the six cor~ps d'at'mfe were mixed up together, and the two armies of Roumeiia and Anatola more than doubledby the summoning of the reserves. These two armies had more than their contingent of general officers; indeed, the article was in such abundance that I have more than once seen a couple of battalions on service under the command of a general of division. This was, if not good, at least passable, in times when detached corps might have become necessary; but it won't do in times of peace, unless the army be so organized that every 100 men should have a general 'officer. Hence great Intrigue and jostling to get a place in the peace establishment. irst among the crowd is Omar Pasha. His former post as Mushir of Roumelia is occupied, and hispresent positionas SirdarEkrem, orGeneralissimo, ought to cease, according to the regulations, with the war. It has been adopted as a system in the military organization of Turkey not to give too much power into the hands of any single man, unless in urgent circumstances, and in all cases when it became necessary to name a Generalissimo in times of difficulty the power ceased with the circumstance which gave rise to it. This happened, for instance, with the late Hussein Pasha, and with Selim Pasha also. lUnless, therefore, the regulations inthis respect be brokenthroughinOmar'sfavour,his dignity and pay as Generalissimo must cease, and he will become a simple Mushir unattached. Hie himself seems not to consider such an infraction of the regulation in his favour possible, and has turned his eyes in other directions. The first thing which offered itself was the post of Seraskier, but I don't think there is much chance of his'getting that. In spite of his long services in the Turkish army, and in spite of his late marriage with the daughter of Eafiz Pasha, he Is still, in the public mind, considered as a stranger, and it is improbable that any GrandVizier will be inclineito bravepublic opinion on this point, especially as, with the exceptionofMehemedAuli, the CapudanPasha, he has not a single political friend among the Turkish dignitaries. In default of the post of Seraskier he seems inclined to try to become Governor-General of Bagdad. This is one of the finest positions in the Turkish empire. While in all the other Governments the civil and military power is totally distinct, there, owing to the unsettled state of the country on a distant frontier, it has been left united, as of old. The only difficulty is, that the Government seems not at all inclined to trust such extensive powers, with all the powerful resources which the country offers for a formidable military organization, to such a clever and enterprising person as the Sirdar Ekrem is. They have offered him, therefore, the post of Commander of the whole Gendacrmerie of the Empire, a post which does not exist now, and will have to be created for the purpose. Tt is intended to connect this appointment with the complete organization of this force on the French system, and several officers of the French &'endarrzerze have had interviews with the Seraskier and Omar Pasha to discuss the subject. At present the Gendarnerie- (Zabtics) are nominalUy under the orders of the Ministry of Police, but no central organization exists, except in so far as those of Constantinople are most numerous. Eachgovernor-general has a certain number of them, according to the supposed wants of his Govermment, and they are so distributed that at each seat of the 48 eyalets (governments) there are from 500 to 600; ineachofthel21 sandjacks, orprovinces,from40to50; and in each of the 1,234 lagas, or districts, from 10 to 15 men. He enlists and pays them. They are enlisted mostly in the same way that the BashiBazouks are, that is, individuals e ho make a regular profession of it receive the permnission of getting together a number of men at 150 piastGres a-month |tos~erve as Zabtics2 and the individual himself is named aBuluk-Bashi, or captain, over them. All the men whlo look out for this post have a number of followers and hangers-on about them, whom they keep but, don't pay, and when they are employed themselves they make their own bargains with these people. It will certainly surprise no one that with this way of endisting the Geudarmnerie of the Turkish empire, it is not exactly a choice body of men, and that a little organization would certainly do no hari. The first thing wanted seems to be the introduction of a better class of men into the Gendarmerie, for which, moreover, there is plenty of material. There are yearly thousands of soldiers discharged who have completed their service in the active army, as well as in the reserve, at the age of from 32 to 35. They return to their homes, and, if properly paid, therewould be surely many among themwiling to enter as Gendctvmes. These wouldbe men thoroughly broken into military discipline, and, bychoosing only those who have been well behaved and were never subject to any punishment, one could draught the flower of the army into the Gendarnerie. The Turks may compose their Gendamne-e of the best men possible, they may give them the most perfect organization and may make a model corps of them,-the force will alwavs be inefficient as long as the exceptional position of foreign jprotggs continues. It is useless crying out against the want of police in Turkey as long as its hands Are thus tied, and every scoundrel enjoyinga Iproitevion'? may snap his fingers at the inoffensive Zabtics. - General della Marmora and St a-rrived here on boatd the Sardinian steam frigate Governolo in the evening of Wednesday last, the -2lst inst. Oa Thursday the General was presented to His Majesty the Sultan by the Ch?arg dAffaires of Sardinia, Count della Minerva. He was received in a very flattering manner. After the audience the General visited the Enimakan, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, the Seraskier, the Capudan Pasha, and the Sirdar EIkrem. In the evemng he dined at the British Embassy. The General left on Friday last, the 23d iLst. There are still about 4,000 or 5,000 Sardinian troops remaining in the Crimea; but by the departuwe of the General commanding. the army, as such, may be said to be broken up. It is of course not for me to make reflections, suggested by the departure of the Staff of the' Sardinianmarmy, as these will be probably made by your correspondent with the army, but, having seen a great deal of the Sardinians during my stay in the Criniea, I cannot refrain from saying a few words about them. It was the first time that the Sardinian armtuy came into contact with the French and English armies, and they cannot be said to have lost by the co0Mparson. At the only opportunity: they had of displaying their prowess on the battlefield, they excited the admiration of every one by the cool courage, and. steadiness and precision.of. their movements. In the trying epidemic of last sum- I mier, when hundreds were dying ingloriously from cholera, the discipline of the Sardinian army, was not shaken one moment, as was'proved by the Russian attack of the 1Gth of August. During the winter it proved that it was superior, if anything, to either the French or English in providing for its wants by its own. means. Sardinia may not have gained by the peace immediate political advantagesthrough its alliancewith the Westtherarmy has acquired the esteem and sympathy of not only the6 French and English, but likewise of the Russian army, and will be counted henceforth among the armies of the West. It has acquired a position.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Somepersons believe, and- many fear, that war between Great Britain and the United States wil be the upshot of the wily expedieuts,; flat contradictions, and sharp practice which, growing out of the Bulwer-Clayton treaty and the recruiting scheme, have lately kept the refleeting, moral, industrious, and really responsible portions of two great communities. in a state of wondermnent bordering upon terror. Sharing neither the belief nor the fear of such persons, it would seem to me a very idle task to address myself to the subject of their apprehensions, were it not that in the history of human folly all things are possible-even that apprehensions the best founded may degenerate by their veryintensity into indiference, thereby encouragingtheself-willed audacityor presumptuous malignity of agents, especially those most highly placed, when left to themselves, to indulge in the wildest freaks of statecraft. For this reason, methinks, it behoves us, the people, Englishmen and Americans, to bestir ourselves now, and so to use .whatever influence each one may have as to make *the will of oiur public servants subordinate and subservient to our wills, giving these gentlemen to understand, either by public meetings or other constitational means, that we will have neither *war nor rumours of wars to torment us, ex;cept for reasons good and sufficient inm our own eyes. It is the heigeht of absurdity to hope that such pettifogging politics as have abounded of late in -Anglo-American relations can by any possibility be consistent with a permanent well-being between -two countries holding an equally high rank. I - pretend not to parcel out the blame as it should rest on this side or on that: The -wellwhere trnth hats been sunk is too deep for my penetration. Neither do I assert that in every matter of difference the Americans can fairly cast the " first stone;" nor do I deny that they have as . much glass to be broken at home as other nations have. Of special pleading we have already had .3more than enough, and no pleadings, by whatever -arguments backed, can make void the one fact that the "recruitment difficulty," with all its un*towardfruits, is of Rnglish root and- growth. Mlost emphatically may it be declared that this "first step" was not like other proverbial first steps, the -only one involving a heavy cost; and the less worthy -of consideration will they be regarded who took it, when it is remembered how logically and eloquently the " English press," The Thires, condemned it, and how fervently the best men in Parliamnent resisted it, neveryieldingtill the last moment, and then ag,ainst their better judgment, to the ignble threat of Ministers to resign office if not allowed to be delivered of their foreign bantlin. But, though England did make a false move, that was no reason for ungenerously keeping her in a false position. If, as you have often asserted, and doubtless believe, an apology for the violation of the American recruitment laws was ever roundly made, free from all peddling self-justification and accusatory remonstrance, and accompanied by a promise of forbearance hereafter, comnprised in the recognition of a great principle-the only thing worth weighing in the balance of a great nationthen that apology ought to have been frankly and loyally accepted. But was such an apology ever raade ? I doubt it; for, had it been nobly given, it would have been generously received, because the Americans are not a mean-spirited people, nor are their rulers insensible to public opinion, notwithstanding the monstrous productions of English pens, which have almost convinced the European world that we are a set of piratical freebooters, and indeed "little better than one of the damned." K While the phantom apology was bandied about, the " complicity " of the English Minister in ! Washington surged above the troubled surface of polities to add vexation to the strie. VWhether Mr. Crampton was guilty or not guilty of the charge brought against him is not worthy of a guess. He affirmed upon his honour, and his Government endorsed his affirmation, that he was innocent, and thereupon, had a suitable apology existed, the leaves which bore witness to this pitiful passage in the history of two kindred nations should have been tornfrom the record. But the quarrel had been aggravated, and some persons, not ill-inclined to the representative of England, fancied, from what theyknew of him, that he mig,ht have been unwitting,ly blamneworthy even while thinking himself safe on the windy side of honesty. The truth, in my opinion is, that Mr. Crampton was not up to his work, and that second or third-rate men are not fit to represent the English nation in the capital of the United States. The States can no more have little affairs to manage than England can have " little wars" to wage. Americans, the foremost of the first, personate their country at the Court of St. James's, and pray on what principle do youi send a dwarf to do a giant's work in an atmosphere where none but the strongest can thrive ? Genius, talent- ay,even knavery itself, if coupled with intelligence, can be accurately gauged and can be turned to some account, but dulness or stupidity, like a bog or quag,mire, is susceptible of no measure, and defies all calculation. MIost respectfullv vour obedient servant. Paris. A " STATES"'-MAN.
THE RErPnOItT Loss or TE Dmo.-Considerable excitement has lately prevailed at Plymouth respecting this vessel, which is on the Pacific station, a rumour having been current that she wss lost. This report was strengthened by the fact that for the last 10 months nothing has been heard of her, and the agitation caused by the rumour among the relatives of the crew, of whom there are a considerable number in the three towns, may therefore readily be imagined. We are now able to contradict the report, having been favoured with some particulars contained in a letter received from one of the officers dated Tahiti, February 16. The letter states that the Dido, inpursuanee of orders received about 12 months since, wvas visitmg the islands on the station preparatory to re. turning home. On the 19th of January she left Taiti to visit 'itcairn's aud other islands in the neighbourhood. On the 21st, two days after she had sailed, she was caught in a whirlwind of terrific violence which carried away her foremast, bowsprit, and topmasts, and the whole of her boats; leaving er, when its fury was expended, in a most dangerous ana critical position among the coral reefs, where the efforts made to bring her up were for some time in vain. She returned to Tahiti-to which place she was towed, being ina perfectly helpless condition-on the24th of January. No lives are mentioned as. having been lost. The eccts of the hurricane at Pitcairn's and the ne'ghbouring islands are described as being truly tremendous, trees being torn up by the roots and snapped like reeds. The storm took place in the night, and the officer to whose letter we are indebted for this information writes that he never expected to see daylight again. A fter refitting, the Dido was to proceed.to Yalparaiso, on her way home. The above particulars entirely clear up all doubts as to the fate of the ship and crew, who, although they have been in great danger, nevertheless appear to be all safe,-Dewroporf Tdi?raph.,
BOYAL COMISSIIV OP VHPATBIOrICF f We have been requieted to publish the following tatenment : "Peace having l;enproclaimed,theRoyal Commissioners of the Patriotic Tand were enabled to have an estimate of the liabilities prepared,by -which it appeared that they could maka a liberal and proper provision-tirstly, for the widows and orphans of non-commissioned and petty officer, privates, and seamen; and, secondlv, for the widows and orphans of officers (to the rank of colonel inclusive) who lost their lives *on service connected with the war, jthis having: been done by the increased scales of allowances r-ecentypromulgated (published in 2Nze Times of the 24th of Bay};they deenmedit essential, in making farther provision for these immediate objects of their care, to adopt such mneasulres as would at the same time confer enduring benefits on the two services. "This it was determined might be effected by the endowinekt of institutions for the children of soldiers, sailors and -marines, and bythe purchase of presentations to adleady existing asylums and schools for similar objects. All which, while strictly vithin the terms of the Royal Commission, which authorizes the commissioners to apply portions of the fundi " to increase, extend, or make additions to any of our Royal or other charitable institutions already founded for ioia purposes," viz., t"succouring, educating, and relievxing tnose w-ho by the loss of their husbauds and pareuts in battle, or by death on active service in the present war, are unable to maintain or to support themselves," would also be in accordance with the known wish of many of the subscribers, and would be the most suitable permanent memorial of the loyalty, pDtriotism, and-smpathy manifested on the occasion of the late war by al classes of the United Kingdom and colonies. - "Ii Wastherefore decided, at's meeting of theRoyal Commisioners, on Tuesday, the 27th of Mai, that there shall be a perpetual endowment of. 5,0001. per annum for the maintenance and education of about300daughtersofsoldiers, sailors; and marines.. The sum reguired to produce a permanent income of 5,OO. may be estimated at 140,0001., and the sum required for the purchase or erection of a suitable house, wit-h grounds, and with furniture and other necessaries, may be estimated at 20,0001., makldng together in round numbers 160,OOO. " That there shall be apeetual endowment for a school for about 100 boys, the sons of soldiers, sailors, and marines This, it is estimated, will cost 25,000. beyond the allowances under the scale for the boys at present provided for. *T That the sums tobe set apautbvthe executive and finance committee for the endowment of the two or more schools for which endowments are to be provided, andfor the education therein and mnaintenance of about 300 girls and about lCO boys, shall be considered and held as n fund appropriated to those objects; but until such schools shall be in null operation the dividends and interet of the sums so appropnated, or so much thereof as shall not be expended m the schools, shall be applied in aid of the general fund to the support and education of soldiers', sailors', and marines' boys and gir]s entitled to relief from the faund. :' Bo a perpetual endowment in the Welington College to tbe extent of 25,0001., for sons of miitary officers. "A like endowment in the Cambridge Asylum, totheextent ot 3,000h., for widows of non-commissioned offlcers and privates. " A like endowment in the Royal Naval School at Newcross, to the extent of 8,OOh., for the sons of naval officers. "I like endownent in the Royal Naval Female School at Richmond to the extent of 5,0001., for the daughters of naval officers. " A like endowment in the Naval andl ilitary Schools of Portsmouth and ,Plymouth, to the extent of 5,0001.- 2,5W. in each-for the children of soldiers, sailors, and marines. " Arrangements are being made with the governing bodies ofthe iustitutions in which it is proposed to purchase presentations, as to the conditions on which the sums assigned shall be paid."
MILITARY EDUCAMOA'. TO TEE EDI Ot OF THE TIES. Sir,-Hlaving been a very early though humble pioneer on the subject of educating the officers of the British army, i am desirous of pressieg one thing -npon the authorities, before they carry out the proposals made by Mr. Sidney Eerbert, which is, I think, too much lost sight of in the discussion upon this sabject; and that is, that the far higher duty of the State, and its greater interest, is rather to watch over the progress of the officers who are actually in its service in the higher grades than to test the capacities of those who are just entering it; in other words, that the principal object of any system of education among officer3 should be to ascertain what use they have mrade- of the facilities afforded them by actual service, to render them efficient for superior commantL. Whenl was in Parliament, in tho -year 1S23, I endeavou-ed to moot this question, but could obtain no listeners. The Duke of Wellington replied to my representations,-" No education like active service; let officers see service." Sir George Mlurray's opinion was that "learning must not be an element of rnilitary advancement." The soundness of tese opinions I have never disputed; but I have always thought that service without instructiorn was, at the leaat, not likely to be as effectual as one combined with information, and that-while mere book learning should never command promotion, yet that those who strove to. acquire it should be taker- by the hand and encouraged in obtainsug it. In accordance vith those opinions, I proposed at that time, and stil retain the opinion, that it should be a rule of our service that no officer should be allowed to obtain the rank of field officer, with or withouLt purchase (save on account ofgallantry in the field),. who has not been previously called upon to give an account of the use he has made of the adlvantages of the service before any three general officers of ordinary common sense. It is not by a high proficiency in mathematics, or fortification, or strategy that an officer's usefulness for high command can be tested. Lord Palmer. ston quoted the great Duke's opinion of the usefulness of foxhunting to elicit military qualifications; and there cannot be the least doubt of its applicability, not by pro. ducing the character of being a hard rider, but to answer an inquiry of this kind:-" If you bave been hunting in Leicestershire, mention the great naturAl obstacles in that county-the rivers, canals, woods, railroads, &c., &c., If, on the other hand, the officer under examination claims to be well informed in the service of the barrack-yard, let it be shown whether he is something more than a mere drill sergeant and lover of pipeclay. Hlas he acquired a knovwledge of the handling of troops in the field, or of the habits, pursuits, and even the amusements of the men in quarters? He shonld know the extent of ground his regiment would stand upon, and tho time it would take to march a detachment to the towns or bridges in the vicinity. It would certainly be desirable that some amount of information should be obtained by officers from books; for example. although an officer of the line need not show that he coulad constract a front of fortification according to Vauban or Cormontaigne, yet he ought to be able to answer as to what he would do if, in the command of two or three companies, he saddenly found himself in the presence of a larger body of the enemy, and what steps he would be prepared to take to defend himself in a farmhouse, or church-yard, or behind a bridge. He ought to Inow what constitutes the strength of a fortified place, and what is the principle on which-the attack and defence of any fortification is conducted. It may not be too much to expect from officers, before they attain to high command, that they slhould be able to show who were the great military leaders of modern times, and what were the circumstances that led to victory and success oa the one side, or the negligences or omissionswhich brought defeat and disaster on the other. I take the liberty of asking you to give publicity to these opinions at this mnment, because I think there is a just apprehension in the army of maling military education toD pedantic. The young men who joined the Duke of Wellington's army from the Royal Mitary College were often laughed at for the knowledge they brought from books to veterans well experience& in years of active service; but I assert, without fear of dispute, that all the most eminent military leaders of every country will be found to be those who have taken pains to obtain the information which is to be acquired in the cabinet as well as in the field, but this has never been done by mere boy mnowledge, but has rather been the self-sought instruction of men zealous and earnest, and of full age, who are prepared to follow the service and not make it a mere plaything; and these are the men 'who ,it would be most desirable should be brought to the know- ledge of the high authorities at the Horse Guards, which can best be done if, at some period of their career, officers were tested as to what they have aoquired to make themselves efficient during the period they have been in the service; and I thinuk that this is what our army requires more than a table of things to be learnt by cadets and subalterns to enable them to pass a scientific examination. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, ED-WARD GUST, Major General. June 6.
THE BRITISH ARMY. (nIBOv OUX SPECIAL CORMMPONDENT.) [The following appeAred in our second edition of Sa. trdiv .-1 CAMP BEFORE SEBASTOPOL, MAY 24. The British army is on the move. The Third Division has been broken up, and the Mediterranean stations will soon be filled with regular troops. Eveni Gozo is threatened with military occupation. This week the 30th Regiment, 55th Regiment, 92d Itegiment, 89th Regiment, and 28th Regiment have embarked for their destinations, and Mercer's Battery, together with other portions of the artillery, have been embarked anddespatched from Balaklava. The Great Britain received two regiments, the 30th and 55th. The others are embarked in large steamers, such as the Queen of the South, the Indiana, the Sarah Sands, and Perseverance. The weather;_has been very windy and very foggy throughout the early part of the week. It still blows briskly from the southward. The temperature has been exceedingly low for the time of the year, and the troops are healthy, notwithstanding the appearance of a few cases of ophthalmia among them. The departure of General della Mfarmora and the Sardinianu Staff on Monday was marked by every demonstration of the regard and esteem in which they are held by our army. The ships in harbour hoisted the Sardinian flag, the yards of the Leander -were manned, and the General set his foot on the deck of the vessel, to which we wished a speedy anid prosperous voyage, am-Id enthusiastic cheers and three rounds of English hurrahs. The Crimean medals and ribands intended for the Sardinian troops were placed in the hands of General della Maranora some time ago; but he sent theni to Turin, judging that the decorations would be most fitly conferred on the troops in the presence, and possibly by the hands, of their gallant Sovereign. The good feeling which existed between the Sardinians and their allies was never marred for one moment by any untoward jealousies or circumstances of rivalry, and more especially were they ever on termas of friendship with the English, although their knowledge of French gave them greater facilities for communicating with our allies than are posEessed by our men. Their position at Fedukhine brought them into constant contact with the French and Highllanders, and they have left behind them many kindly remembrances not readily to be forgotten. In all my rambles I lhave rarelv, if ever, seen a drunken Sardinian,-their behaviour in camp, in the canteens, at Kadikoi, and on the roads was exemplary; and I understand that in the absence of crime, social or military, they claim to rank with the best di-ciplined armiy in the world. On the occasion of his Excellency's departure the English Commander-in-Chief issued the following General After-Order:- "lHead-quarters, Sebastopol, May 17, 1S5. "No. 1. The greater part of the Sardinian army has quitted the Crimiea, and General della Marmora himself will soon embark. " A guard of honour, with artiUery, will be held in readiness for the departure of the Sardinian Coramander-in. Chief. " The Commander of the Forces trusts that General della Marmora wllu himself receive, and convey to those whom he has commanded in the Crimea, the good -wishes of the English army for their future proserity. " With steadiness, with discipline, with resource, the Sardinian army has long maintained and efficiently guarded the f dvanced position intrasted to it; and it bore its honourab!e share with the troops of France in the battle of the Tcher. Maya. " In our intercourse there has been neither difficulty nor difference, and this good feeling between all the armies of the alliance has had a very important influence in determining the peace of Europe. " By order, C. A. WINDRAm, Chief of the Staff." Tlle attempts to repair the Russian cemeteries have been tolerably successful, and our labours on -hose where our own dead lie are nearly brought to a close. A-s we are about io part for ever, our anxiety to learn more of our late foes increases. The Ruissians survey our camps, we visit their hospitals, study their commissariat, inquire into their military system, and iuspect their positions; our engineers also minutely examine the siege works of our allies, with which they were necessarily but slightly acquainted during the progress of the attack. Our approaches to the defences of the place affordedi ro opportmnity to our engineers of developing the use of mines against the enemy, and were not assailable by the same agency on their side for the samereason, as it is obvious that where mines can be used by the attacking force they can also be adopted by the defenders. The French had not the same sort of ground, and the system of French mines in front of the Bastion du BMat presents the most astonishing instance, of labour and skill ever witnessed in any siege. To the Russians, however, belongs the credit of the most important and extensive operations of thiis nature. Our engineers have in their possession plans of both the French and Russian mines and galleries, and the tracings resemble a section of a honeycomb. The enemy's mines consisted of two series of shafts or galleries and magazines, the first being 27 feet beIow the surface, the second being no less than 40 feet below the first. The workmen were supplied svith air by means of force pumps, and in one magazine at the end of one of these galleries there wasi found no less than 8,5001lb. of powder, all tamped in and ready for firing by electric wires. This magazine would have formed an eton?wir far in the rear of the French advance, and its probable effects may be estimated when it is considered that the destruction of the docks was effected by a smaller quantity of gLnpowder than was contained in this one mine. Mlany of the shafts spring out of the counterscarp, and there are numerous chambers cut into the same portion of the ditch of the bastion, which were used as bombproofs by a portion of the garrison. It has also been discovered that the Russians had cut a subterranean gallery from inside the parapet, under the ditch, to an advanced rwork which they used as a place d'arnes in makina a sortie, and hitherto it had puzzled the French to understand how the men used to collect in this work without being seen. The effect produced by the French mines in their saps can only be conceived by those who have looked down into the yawning craters of the 6tonvoirs, after stumbling over the wild chaos of rocks cast up all round by the explosion, just as though the Titans and the Gods had met there in deadly combat. Some of these gulfs resemble the pits of volcanoes. The Russians only intended to fire some of these mines in case of an assault on the Bastion being repulsed under circumstances which gave them a chance of occupying the enemy's advanced saps; others would have been fired only in case of a retreat from the city, in order to destroy as nlany of the enemy as possible, and to check pursuit; and the explosion was intended to destroy not only the French parallels, but the works of the Bastion itself, so as to prevent the French turn iing the guns. There were two or three mines inside the Redan, and there were some extensive galleries a ln mines in front of the Malakhoff, but it was at the Bastion dii Miit, or Flagstaff Battery, that the French and Russians put forth their strength in mine and counter-mine. The galleries are pushed for 50 yards through the solid rock in se- veral instances. These labours are of the most stupendous character, and must have proved very ex- hausting to the garrison. The following General After-Order was issued a week ago, and was read to the nien on parade on the morning of the 1th May: - "Iead-quarters, Sebastopol, May 15, 1850. Peace being nowr definitively arranged the Commander of the Forces has the satisfaction of publishing an extract of a despatch from the Secretary of State for War, in which reference is made to the services of this army - " 'I avail myself of so fitting, an opportunity as the- moment when ler Majesty's troops under your command are about to auit the scene of their endurance and triumphs "to place on record the feelings entertained towards them by Her Majsety, the Government, and her people. t ' Since the period when the army first quitted the shores of England, there is no vicissitude of war which it has not been caUed on to encounter. "Shortly after its arrival in Turkey, and while doubtful as to the manner in which it was to be brought in contxct with the enemy, it had to sustain the terrible attack of cholera, which prematurely closed the career of mnany a gallant and eager spirit; on this occasion, the army proved that moral as well as physical courage pervaded its ranks. " ' Ied to the field, it has triumphed in engagements in which heavy odds were on the enemy's side. It has carried on, under difficulties almost incredible, a siege of unprece. dented duration, in the course of which the trying duties of the trenches, privations fromi straitened supplies, the fear. ful diminution of its numbers by disease, neither shook its courage nor impaired its discipline. Notwithstanding tnat many a gallant comrade fell in their ranks, and they were celled to mourn the beloved Commander who led them from England, and who closed in the field his noble career as a soldier, Her Majesty's troops never flinched from their duties, or disappointed the sanguine expectations of their country. " ' The zealous manner in Which the army prepared to take the field, had the war been prolonged, its eagerness for active operations, and its fitness to meet any emergency, are known to all. " I These combined events and circuimstances have thus afforded to the Queen, the Government, and tho country, the opportunity of witnessingthe conduct of the armyunder every aspect; and the feeling is universal that it has worthily maintained its ownbighcharacterandthehonouroftheBriti3h army, and you may be perfectly assured that on its return home it will be welcomed with the fuUest approbation of its Sovereign, and with every demonstration of admiration and gratitude by the country at large. "'I add with pleasure that the services of the various departments attached to the army are of a character to entitle them to the fullest credit. The zeal and energy of the Medical, Commissariat, and Clerical Departments have contribnted to bring the army into its present most effective condition. " ' PAN31URE.' "By order, "C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Staff." The only comment made-by the men as they retiredfromparadeat the "dismiss" was, "Ah! it'sall mighty fine, but they stopped our sixpence a-day for all that." They are eminently of a practical turn in philosophy, and prefer solid pudding to empty praise any day. The 30th Regiment and 55th Regiment embarked on WVednesday in the Great Britain. As they marched past Mlrs. Seacole's the men gave the good old woman a round of hearty cheers. These two gallant regiments have shared together the dangers and the glories of the Alma, of Inkermann, and of the trenches. In the General Orders may be seen the dates of departure and the names of vessels assigned to the other regiments which have left the Crimea and to the artillery. The Queen of the South will tow the Arabia sailing transport, with stores, all the way to England. The Trent has arrived and will embark 140 horses for home. All the arrangements at Balaklava for shipping men and horses are excellent, and if transports sufficient were in harbour the authorities could embark 15,000 men per diem. The 39th Regiment embarked in less than half-an-hour on board the Simoom. The 9th Regiment and 86 of the 17th Regiment were embarked in the Resolute in 40 minutes, and every time the process of shipping regiments has been repeated since then it has. occupied less time than before. Our siege trains and stores, however, could not be got away in less than seven weeks. There is yet a considerable quantity of Russian shot lying at Balaklava, but the piles are diminishing every day. Every one of them has been fired. The efforts of Colonel M'Murdo to dispose of the serviceable mules not included in the pick of the Land Transport Corps promise to be attended with great success, and arrangements have been entered into to supply the trade and commerce of Asia Minor with Persia, Tndia, Arabia, and the Russian provinces of Nifhmgrelia and Georgia, with means of carriage, of which the war had deprived them. Trebizonde is the principal port to which the mules will be sent, and several thousands have already been sold at very fair prices-some, indeed, for as much as they cost. Of the condemned mules driven ouit to Baidar, to live or die in the valleys as the case might be, many have been captured by French or Tartars, and are now in bondage among the canteen men. A large proportion of these wretched animals died, however, on their way to Baidar, or soon after their arrival, notwithstanding the rich luxuriant grass, which affords the finest pasturage. SATURDAY, 10 A.I%. There willbe a grand ceremony at 2.30 p.m. in the plain of Balallava, on the occasion of distributing the French war medals to our soldiers and non-commissioned officers. The wind is very high. Captain St. John Willans, Land Transport Corps, who *was thrown from his horse on Friday, the 16th, is nowv recovering. There were three heavy falls on the same day, and but for the exertions of Major Robertson, Land Transport Corps, a man would have been drowned close to the racecourse in Cossack Pond.
LEI;ESTER ELECTIOx.-A vacancy having occurred in this borough by the death of Mr. Gardner, two candidates have come forward-Mr. John Biggs (the mayor of the town), and Mr. John Paget, who nowresides in London, but who is well known to the electors. It is highly probable that the contest will be a severe one. In an address just issued Mr. Paget says:-." Should you do me the honour to elect me, I shall, to the utmost of my ability, aid in the removal of the lingering civil disabilities which yet attach to religion. I shall give every support in my power to carry out the principles of freetrade, and tosecure to every man the unfettered employment and just remuneration of Iis -own industry and enterprise. The church of Ireland, hostile to the religious opinions of an overwhelming maiority of the people of Ireland, is an anomaly which requires thorough reform. My personal and professional experience has told me how much remains to be effected in the reform of the law. The Court of Chancery and the Ecclesiastical Courts especially yet retain modes of procedure which are efficient only to conceal truth, to impede justice, to produce rainous expense, and an amount of suffering only to be justly estimated by those -who have had an intimate experience ot theiroperation. Totheremovalof theseabuses Ishould deem it my duty to apply any assistanco I can afford and any knowledge I may possess. The incapacity, both at home and abroad, which impeded the heroic exertions of the noblest army that any nation in ancient or modern history ever sent forth to vindicate the rights of outraged humanity, and wlhich has emibittered the glory of a righteous triumph by the thought that it has been accompamed by the unnecessary sacrifice of thousands of the best and bravest of our countrymen, demands the strictest and most searching investigation into those- departments of the Government whioh are responsible for this national calamity." A meet- ing of the ward committees connected with the Liberal in- - terest has been held, when it was resolved to ask hlr. B' to become a candidate, and that gentleman has noted 'is intention of coming forward. FIRE _NER BLACKERISAR-BRDGE.-Durinir the whole of Saturday great excitement prevailed in the neighbourhood of Christchurch, Blackfriars-road, and the Surrey side of the water, in consequence of a fearful conflagration in a spacious pile of manufacturing premises in the tenure of Messrs. Norton, Haytor, and Co., patentees of the Wool Company for making wool out of worsted stuffs. The premises were of the oblong. shape, and stretched upwards of 100 feet round the -uildings belonoing to lMlessrs. A siey Pellatt and Co., the glass makers, in Holland-street, wthile numerous other Premises surrounded them on either side, among which was the Castle Tavern, and the Sunday and infant schools of Christchurch parisb. Police-constable Don, No. 68 M, was the lirst to discover the fire, and having informed the resident engineer he sent off Efor the assistance of the firemen and engines. The engines of the West of England office and London brigade arrived, and the steam floatin"engine having been moored alongside one of the wharfs the whole of the' powerful force was called into operation, and the Lnmbeth and Southwark mains yieldm ing plenty of water some thousand tons weight were scattered over and in the burning property without niaing any impression upon the violence of the conftagration. At length the flames rushed out of at least 20 windows in the factory, threatening the Castle Tavern, the adjoining school, and also the Falcon Glass-works, with destruction. The firemen, however, by great perseverance were enabled to get the fire exctinguished, but not until the greater part of the factory was burnt out, including the dry. ing-houses, the hanging-rooms, the enginesring rooms, and boiler-houses; and machinery, valued at some~ thousand pounds, was partially destroyed.
FORBIGN IYTELIGEZ..?CE. - - FRANCE. (ROMx oult OwN OOsEsPoYIqzEN.) I EL p o*lf the following appeard in our so4;"uon o I^:- .AnAO, RIDAY, J Uox 6, 6 rp.N The Emperor left Paris tlis morning, at 8, for Orleans, where he arrived at 11. After visiting the inundated districts, and distributing assistance to the numerous sufferers by the floods, His Majesty left for Blois,which he reached at half-past I o'clock. The most distressing accounts continue to be received from the valley of the Loire. At Blois, Saumur, Angers, and Tours the disasters were immense. In the Tours Railway station the water was upwards of 10 feet deep. In Paris the weather has once more undergone a favourable change. Rain fell all yesterday; it increased at the approach of night, and it poured down incessantly until 1 o'clock. This day a struggle seemed to be maintained for a long time in the atmosphere, and it was very doubtful whether the day would hold up. Masses of dark cloud covered the sky all the morning, and were drifted to and fro by the wind. It looked as if the torrent was every moment about to descend again,and flood the streets which had been drlied bythe high wind during a part of the night. About 4 o'clock p.m. the dismal-looking clouds gradually grew thinner and thinner, and thesun shot out some fitful gleams. The dayis not yet' ovef, but the'appearance of the sky would encourage the hope that our most formidable enemy at this moment, the rain, w ill spare us yet a vrhile. The accounts of the state of the departments connue to be anxiously looked for. Orleans and Tours have not suffered less than Lyons and the south, and eye-v.itnesses who have just come up to Paris speak of the scenes as most heartrending. In the latter places we learm that the waters have gone down sufficiently to allow of clearing and reparations being commenced. Prince Jerome Napoleon has subscribed a sum of 10,000f. in favour of the victims of the inundations, and Prince Napoleon 5,000f. The Prefect of the Police has published the first list of subscriptions opened under his auspices; it amounts to 305,485f. Among the largest subscriptions figure-the Bankl of France, 100,OOOf.; the Crddit MIobilior, l00,OOOf.; Baron Rothschild, 4i),000E.; Isaac Pereire, 15,000f.; Emille Pereire, 15,000E., &c. The first subscriptions at the B3ourse have amounted to 16,380f. The amount of the subscriptions openea at Lyons reached on AVednesday night 297,926f. The administration of the Paris and Lyons Railway announces that all objects destined for the relief of the inundated of Lyons will be conveyed gratuitously on that line. The Monitsur promulgates the bi granting a credit of 400,000f. for the expenses of the fetes to be given at the baptism of the Prince ImperiaL It is rumoured that there is sonie intention of applying these funds in favour of the victiras of the inundations, of course omitting the fetes, such as fireworks, &c., and only retaining the religious service. The banquet at the Hotel de Ville and the balL which are to follow the ceremony at the Church of Notre Dame, cannot well be given up, as the contracts have already been made with the .fournisseurs, and great expense has been incurred. The Emperor has purchased 100,000f. worth of agricultural implements, grain, cattle, &e., to be distributed among the conices of the departments. The Exhibition will give a great impulse to farming in France. A dinner was given last evening at the Hotel du Louvre by the foreign jurors of the Universal Cattle Show to the French agriculturists. About 160 persons sat down. to dinler, M. Dupin occupying the chair. Count Gasparin, who had been chosen to preside, was prevented attending by illness. The banquet was a splendid one, and the greatest harmony and cordiality prevailed. WNhen the dinner was ended, M. Dupin called on MLr. Evelyn Denison, who sat on his right hand, to propose a toast, and that gentleman spoke as follows - " Messieurs,-Monsieur le President m'a charg6 d'an r6le tr8s honorable pour moi, mais trop lonrd pour ines faibles mains. " Permettez que je m'arreto un instant pour meler avec lea votres mes regrets les plus sinc6res pour le mallheur qui nous a priv6 de la pr6sence de M. le Comte Gasparin,un homnme consid6r6, honorc, aim6 de touto cette coiU. paglio, et dont la bont6 pour moi mie permet de parler en ami affectueux. " Messieurs,-Je suis chargd de porter' A l'Emp6reur.' On a discutd derniWrement la question de la par* dans le Parlement de l'Angleterre,-cdtait .l moi l'honneur de proposer radresso at la Reine dans la Chambre des Commimes. J'ai dit quelques mots .tWestminster,j'ose les rftp6ter a. Paris sans changer un seul mot. J'ai dit, ' La France et l'Angleterre ont eu bien souvent roccasion do connaitre chcqune la puissance de l'autre; elles ont appris souvent de respecter l'une l'autre. C'est la premiere fois qt'elles ont appris de se confier l'une ,I I'autre; et des grands cvenements sont sortis de cette confiance,-cette confiance qui se repose dignement sur la bonne foi exacte et la parfaite loyanut avec laquelle l'Emp6reur des Francais a rempli tous ses engagements vers notre pays.' "blessieurs,-C'est le sentiment de la Chamibre des Communes-c'est le sentiment de l'Angleterre. J'aime en ontre f& rappeller ici le sernice 6minent que l'Empereur a rendu A Pagriculture de toutes les nations en organisant deux ann6es de suite b'.Exposition Agricole Internationale,-spectacle magnifique, dont nous sommes tons emerveill6s, et q.l1 jette un nouvel 6clat sur la prenicre et la plus noble des industries. Messieurs, c'est avec un respect profond avec 'oes voeux les plus sinceres pour son bonheur, pour le bonheur de sa f amille, quo je porte ' A l'clu de la France, .l P aUi6 fidele et 6prouvo de l'Angleterre-b'Emp6reur.'"' This speech was very warmly received. M1. Duipin next spoke, anid proposed " The foreign visitors ;" Count de Kergorlay andM. de Lavergne also made very excellent speeches. The evening passed over most agreeably. The Madrid journals of the 2d inhst. have not arrived, in consequlence of the imuedations. The receipts of the Orleans Railway during the week ending on the 2Gth nllt. wvere 1,052,664f., or 6S,54Gf. more ithan in the corresponding week of 1855. The gross receipts since the 1st of January amounted to 19,060,059E., being a difference in favour of 185G of 1,264,588f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 73f. 55c. for the end of the month; and the New Loan at 73f. 50c. Orleans Railway Shares, 1,330f.; Great Northern, 1,125f.; Strasburg, 945f.; New Shares, 855f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,4(05f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1.665f'. ; Westemn of France, 935f.; Bordeauxc and Cette, 7601'.; Great Central of France, 647f. 50c.; L^yons and Geneva, 790f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,7301'.; Austrian Railways, 875f. Cours Authentique.-PERIs, June G.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-alf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 92f.; Threoe per Cents., 72f. 40c. 60c. 40c. 73f. 73f. 10c. 73f.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (55 per cent. paid), 72f. 25c. 60c.; ditto'Certificates (55. per cent. paid), 72f..25c 60c.; Bank of France, 4,100f. 4,050f.; Credit Foncier, 68S5f. ex div.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 435f.; ditto Three per Cents., 400f'.; ditto Tenths, Three per Cents., 80f.; Credit Mobilier, 1,700N. 1,GS5f. 1,690'. 1,6801. 1,690f. 1,700f. L710f. 1,730f. 1,720f. 1,730f. ; Discount Bank, 695f'.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 92f. 25c.; Austrnan Five per Cents., 92f.; Belgian Four-sand-s_Half per Cents., 97; Spanish Interior Debt, 42.X. Excchange on Londcon, at srigyht,amfoney, 2Sf. S5c.; three months, paper, 25f. SATuRDAY, JuXNE 7, 6 -.Nri The following private telegraphic despatches have been received:- "MsxsSXrLLES, JUne 6.-The Pope's Legate arrived to. day. His landing took place in the mjidst of an immense concourse of the population, to whom his Eminence gave his benediction. The Nuncio and authorities went on board the Duchala to receive the right rev. prelate. His Eminence starts for Paris to-mor-row. In the corn-markeo prices are firm. The RhOne is falling." <'"BnRar., June 6.-Prince Gortschakoff, the Mlinister of Foreign Affairs in Russia, has received the investiture of the Black Eagle of Prussia. Yesterday numerous Russian decorations were distribnted to Prussian officers. ML do Benkendorff has just been named Russian Envoy to the Government of Stnttgard. The Russian Government has given orders for reducing the 77e7sonnel of the Finland fleet. The Councillor of State Kalabosse lias been named an attachc to the Russian embassy at Paris." "Corama cGEN, June 5--I. Unsgaard has been ap. pointed Minister of the Interior."' " TurIx, June 5.-It is positively stated that Count de Cavonr will shortly start again for Paris. In semi-official circles the present.state of things is considered as very critical, from the preparations which are now being made by England at Malta." The subscription transmitted to the Minister of the Interior,by Prince Jerome andPrince Napoleon was acconpanied by the following letter " Monsieur le Ministre,-%Ve send you our subs4ription to alleviate in a slight degree the frightful calamities which have just fallen on a part of our fellow-citizens. France will be worthy of herself under these distressing cir'cmn stances, and will follow the example given her by the EBmr.eror, who was the first to convey assistance and encoiurage~ mnent. Have the kindness-to-inscribe our names for15,000L., xegretting that we cannot in any other way show the sympathy which we feel f6r such mis-fortunes. -' "i:Accept, &c., JEBO?Z BONAPARTE. - NArOLEONa BONAPARTz." Out of the credit of 2,0W1,O0l. voted by theL g- lative Body the; Emperor has allotted 200,000f. to the department of the Vaucluse, 200,000f. to the Bouches-au-Rhone, 100,OOOf. to the DrOme, Mid 100,000f. to the Ardeche. The Municipal Council of Pamis, on the proposition of the Prefect of the Seine, has unanimously decided that a sum of 100,000f. shall be placed at the disposal of the Government for alleviating the sufferings caused by the inundations. "Wffe understand," says the Journwa7 des Chemnins de Fer,- - That the railway companies have concerted together to fix a sum for their subscription in favour of the inundated. A first proposition was rejected as insufficient, and we un. derstand that the second amount, which will probably be adopted, is altogether worthy of the great industry of rail. ways." The amount thus alluded to is, we understand, 200,000f. This subscription is independent of what the Orleans, Paris to Lyons, Lyons to the Mlediterranean, the Grand Central, and the Bourbonnais intend giving to the localities along their lines. The total amount of the subscriptions at Lyons up to the last account is 358,300f.: * The accounts last received as to the floods are decidedly more favourable, as the waters are almost everywhere subsiding. The principal interest is at present directed to the Loire, which, as it rose the last, naturally remains longer an object of apprehension than the rivers in the south of France. Bat even the accounts from the districts of the Loire show that, although very great damdage has been done along the line of that river, there has been but comparatively little loss of life to chronicle there, and the worst is now over. The following are the accounts given by the local papers The L yons journals of yesterday state that since the previours evening rain had fallen heavily, but the Saone had not risen, and that the water continlued to recede from the inundated parts, in consequence of the trenches which had been cut by the water company having been opened. Anumber of soldiers, provided with pickaxes, had also been sent into the inundated quarters, in order to cut deep channels to facilitate the escape of the water. The Rhone has completely returned to its bed, at least in that part which passes through Lyons. The journals continue to mention a number of incidents which occurred during this terrible visitation. The Conrrier de la Drmnw states that the hamlet, of Bezundun has completely disappeared. In the evening the inhabitants of this place, which stands on the side of a highly cultivated hill, heard the houses cracking in an alarming manner, and hastily fled.' In a few minutes afterwards all the houses were in ruins. The water from the late rains had' saturated the ground so much that a landslip to the extent of more than 70 acres took place. TwYo houses which were standing close together at a short distance from the hamlet are now separated by a complete field. -Some other houses wlich were before standing on an elevated spot are now in a complete hollow. The effect produced has -beenofthe most extraordinary kind. One inhabitant of a house who a few days ago had a small vineyard in front of him has now a meadow. The Bine, which flows at the foot of the hill, and which is generally nothing more than a rivulet, is now a rapid torrent, and carries off the earth as it con'tinues to slip down. The S&nzapline de MarseilZes says,- - "A steamboat which had been employed by the authori- ties to save some persons who were exposed to great danger .in the Camargue has arrived here. The sub-prefect of Aries and an engineer embarked in this boat, which passed over the Camague as though she had been in the open sea These two functionaries kept on the deck of the vessel, and with telescopes looked out for the unfortunate persons who were in need of assistance, and by this means 60 people were saved, having been taken off from the roofs of homes or from rafts on which they were floating. Several of them had been Nithout food for 36 hours." The JoAurnl de Gen,vee contradicts a rumour which was current at Lyons that the Lake of Geneva had overflowed its banks. " The weather," says that journal,- HXas become fine, after raiin having fallen withoat inter. ruption for 48 hours; and in several places the roads were broken up. The ordy damage of any consequence which ,ibs been caused has been to the bridge of Allondon, between; Dardagny and Russin, which has been injured by some large trees Ioating down, which struck against it. Some -parts of the eanbanl.snents of the railway gave way, but not to any extent." The' Mbonitetr du Loiret of Orleans, of Saturday, says "The waters have now completely retired from the qnays and the low streets nearthe Loire. On the Quai de ChlAtelet the paved roadway in front of the houses is torn up to the -depth of a foot. 'The inhabitants are occupied in removing the mud which the innndations have deposited, and at every 'door they have exposed trunks, buffets, bedsteads, and other articles of furniture to dry. Near the baths are deposited the objects collected from the waters. Several of the cast iron columns which supported the large gas lamps on the quays hav.e been cast dowvn. The Loire is rapidly declinIng, and now marks only 4 metres. The municipality is doing-all it can for the sufferers, and has charged commissions to collect relief either inmoney or kind." As to Blois we learn the followving :-When the inundation becanie imminent in the neighbouring 'districts the inhabitants poured into the town, driving their cows and sheep before them, and carrying their children or their most precious effects in their arrms. Floating rapidly down the river 'were to be seen trees, rafters, mattresses, articles of furniture, and objects of all kinds. Efforts were auade to strengthen the dykes; not only all the soldiers of the garrison, but even 30 lunatics were 'called on to assist the inhabitants (the lunatics worlked with great zeal and intelligence). But the waters rose above the parapets of the quays, and the dyke gave way; and the town was completely inundated. In some quarters the water was nearly 20 feet deep! "At present," says the Franc Cetsrae of the 4th, the local paper- "' Al the lower quarters of the town are under water; the -quays are covered, and boats have to be employed. The disasters are immense. At M6nars, St. Denis, andLaChauss6e the dykes on the right bank have given 'way beneath the pressure of the river. -AUl tho left bank above the town is c4vered with an immense sheet of water; the villages of Saint-Claude, Vinenl, Saint-Gervais, Challes, and Caud6 are entirely inundated, and in certain places the waters have throw-n dowli houses, uprooted trees, &c. In the town the maine can only be reached by boats. The dep6ts of yood for the navy and of sleepers for the railways have been carried from the port against the bridge. The washingboats and bathing-places on the nver have been crushed to pieces. By great efforts the authorities have succeeded in resceing aU the . population of the Faubourg. of Vienne, who were' in imminent danger. At 2 o'clock in- the afternoon of Teesday the waters suddenly subsided by from 25 centimetres to 30 centimetres, but this was caused by. the dyke having given wvay at Hontlivault. At St. Gervais and Ponts-Chartrains also barrages gave way. The mass of water thus let loose not only inundated those villages and the adjacent districts, but invaded the Faubourg de Vienne. In all these disasters no one perished, but the damage done was immense, especially at St. Gervais! At Amboise the disasters were very great. The railway: has suffered greatly; embankiments tave beenL thrown dowsn for a considerable distance, rails have' been torn up, and the goods station has been thrown down. The lower parts of the town are much damaged. The Journwl d'u 'Loiret relates the following incident :- " HI. do 1'ataille, principal inspector of the railway, hearingthat the watersweremenacing-in the direction of Amboise, proceeded to that town, accompanied by A. Ratel and 3L llabusson, inepectors. On arriving within a few hundred yards of the station he found a number of men ern ployed in strengthening the dyke of the Loire, which showed symptoms of yielding. flI stopped his train, and went to give them some-directions, but while he was speaking the dyke gave way, and the waters rushed through furiously.- The situation was terrible. M. de Lataille and his two subordinates ran towards the station; and with difficulty succeeded in reaching it, so rapidly did the waters follow them. The inundation, on reaching ihe station, rose rapidly as high as the first story, and the three gentlemen had to seek refuge on the roof. Tho waters raged furiously around them, and in this horrible situation they had to pass the night.. Their alarm was incr'easedbyseeingthe goods station throwndown at-a few yazds from thens. In the meantime the train left on the line wasieached byr theowater and the engine-driver and stoker to escape being 'drowned climbed on the o'p of the locomotive. Even then they had water up to their waists, .ad in this pitible,-plight they remained until 3oclock in, the morning, when they were recued in a boat." We have zince heard of M. de Lataille's arival in Paris, anid his depirture in the suite of theEmperar. From Tours we have no direct accounts, but t4e Tourniial d-ts Loiret of Orlean otf- Thursday says_v.- 'Attherailwysttionthewaters reach ashighasthe fouAh story; all the 3ail is inundated; there are six feet of rbte in the Hotel d'Uni*ers; 50 houses have been thrown down; boats are plying in the Rue Royale; and the printingoffice of the local paper, the Journal dIndre et LOire, has boen invaded by the waters. The losses sustained by the shopj, keepers of the city, who prinCipally occupy the lower parts of the town, are terrible. A fact which does l;onour to Mgr. Mlorlot, Cardinal Axchbishop of Tours, has been related to us. He went at the head of his clergyto the dykes, and worked vigorously with spade and shovel among the labourers in strengthening them !" Another Orleans paper, the Moniteuer dzt,Liref, has a sinlilar account, and it adds to it that at the I Univers Hotel the passengers had to let themselves down by sheets into the boats, thatthe damage done to the buildings of the- railway station was very serious indeed, and that a large quantity of merchandise was lost. The Monit-eur says also that there is np record in histor-y of such a direful catastrophe having ever befaUen the city of Tours. Among other disasters, four houses were cast down, and four soldiers in a boat were carried by the violence of the current towards Plessis lea Tours. The railway from Tours to Nantes has been brokem up intwo places, at Cinq-.Mars and Langeais; but. uthe line toTBrdeaux has less suffered. Traffic on both is interrupted beyond Blois. Whenthe sei'vice of steamers shall be organized to Tours communications between Paris and Bordeaux will be reestablished. The traffic on the centre line has been re-established. Omnibuses convey travellers to St. Cyr-en-Val, and bring from Olivet to Orleans those destined for Paris. - The accounts from Angers extend down to the 5th. The Maine had attained 6 metres, and al the lower parts of the town were under water. At Saumur the Loire had descended to 6m. 30c., but the wtater, breaking through the dyke of La Chapelle, had gained St. Clement. At Champtoce, the dyke of Savenieres had given way, and the vaUley wlas filled. The Authion had inundated the valley of Saumur. The Journal dui M7er of the 5th contains afflicting accounts of the disasters which have occurred bythe inundations of the Cher, Allier, Yevre, and Auron. A number of bridges have been carried away, and the railway has been intercepted at various points. The waters have, however, commenced declining andthe communications are re-established. A temporary road has been constructed on piles between Bourges and Vierzon, and it was hoped that communications would soon be free between the former town and Orleans. St.Armnndsufferedseverely,butthevictims were received with warmth by both rich and poor. Count Jaubert has given shelter to many families in his chateau. The waters of the Allier resembled a vast lake, and committed innumerable ravages, but no loss of life is mentioned in its neighbourhood, though many unfortunate persons were in great danger. At a little village named Crevery three families were surprised by the rise of the Allier, and were only saved at the- last moment by the devotedness 6f some boatmen; a few instants after they had been taken from the roofs of the houses on which they had sought refuge thewaters swept over them. Another narrow escape took place nearVichy, where two children were surprised by the rise while fishing on a little island in the Aulier. They had time only to climb into a high tree, when the island was covered. They remained in that terrible position from Thursday evening to Saturday morning, and the provisions they had taken with them were exhausted. No one dared to render them assistance, as to approach the spot was to encounter almost certain death. Three sailorsfromthe Crimea, however, placed themselves in a boat, and, with the father of the children, set off for the isle, followed by the prayers of all the inhabitants of the neighbourhood. These intrepid men succeeded in rescuin3g the two children, and on returning to Vichy they were welcomed with enthnsiasm. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 72f. 40c., ex. div., for the end of the month; and the New Loan at 72f. 50c. es. div.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,410f.; Great Northern, 1,145f.; Strasburg, .972f. 50c.; new shares, 895f.; Paris and Lyons, 1 525f.; Ly6ns to the kIediterranean, 1,720f.; Western ;of France, 965f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 782f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 685f.; Lyons and Geneva, SlOf.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,840f.; Austrian railways, 915f. Cours AutheWipc.-PmARs, June 7.-Cash PrIesFour-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 92£. 50c. 75c. 93f.; Three per Cents., 72f. 71f. 80c. 72.; -ditto. second Loan of 18-55 (60 per cent. paid), 71£ 80c. ; ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 71f. 80c.; B3nk of France, 4,050f.; Credit Foncier, 700f. ex. div. ; ditto Obli-gations of .500, Four per -Cents., Tenths, 90r.; Cr6dit Wohffier, 1,S00£. 1,8lOf.18201. 1,S301. 1,840f. ; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 92f. 2Sc.-; Austrian Five per Cents., 92; Belgian Four-and-a-HalI per Cents., 97; Rento de Naples -(Rothschfld'e), 113. Exchange on Londau, at sight, money, 2Sf. 35c,; threo months, money, 25f. 21.c. ATJSTIRTA- (FRO3M OU'R OMN CORRrwADm,) VIEIN'1A, Ju3tr7 2. In a recent letter I gave you a short account of the contents of a cireular not long since forwarded by Count Leo Tliun, the Minister for Ecclesiastical Affairs, to the Stadtholders of the different Austrian Crown lands; and subjoined will be found a somewhat condensed translation of the original document:- "A At the sauie time that I refer to my circular of the 25th of January, 1856, treating of the realization of the variou; stipulations of the Concordat, I give the following further instructions on the same subject:- " According to article 34 of the Concordat concluded bctwecn His Imperial Royal Apostolic Majesty and His Holi. ness the Pope, everything relating to ecclesiastical persons and matters, of which no mention is made in the preceding articles, is to be arranged and settled according to the canonical laws and the disciplinary regulations approved by the Papal Chair. "1 It cannot admit of a doubt that Catholic cemeteries and church bells belong to ecclesiastical matters, and that the bishops have a right to dispose of them according to the ordinances of the Church, which intends them only for the use of those who are within its pale. " The pelitical arrangements which have hitherto pre- vailed in regard to the use of the Catholic cemeteries and' beUs at the burial of Protestants (Ak-stholi-en) are incompatible with the.realization of the abovementioned right. The political arrangemients were made on the presumption that-it would be well to form cemeteries common to Catholics and Protestants, and it was orderedthat in places where there was no separate burial-ground for Catholics and Protestants a general cemetery should be established.* "In the last-mentioned case the different parties were at liberty to divide the cemetery into sections, or to be buried near one auotherwithout regardtotheir religiouspersuasions. Protestants were also permitted to use the bells of the Catholics at the funerals of persons of their faith, and their pastor was alUowed to give his blessing to the bodies of deceased Protestants in the Catholic cemeteries. If there was no clergyman of the same confession in the place, and one could not conveniently be procured from the neighbourhood, the Catholic priest was to (sollte) accompany the corpse of the Protestant to the grave. "Theie arrangements are not in future to be observed, and instead of them-bv Imperial authorization and in agreement-with the lIinister of the Interior-the following regulations are now prescribed :- "1L Asa rule, Protestants have no claim to the use of the bells of the Catholc churches, but, should any particular private claim be advanced, an attempt is to be made to settle the matter with the Ordinariake, and, in case of failurwe the matter is to be referred to Vienna. -" 2. Ia respect to the churchyards the common possessionbyCatholics and Protestants must notbeinsisted on; andit must beseen that either new cemeterie3 be formedfor the Protestants,or a part of the old onesentirely(fA-Zii44 separated, and given to the Protestant communities for their special use. This division is tobe settled by-commissions; and everything must be done to arrange matters amicably. If the separation cannot be effected in an amicable way, the matter is to be referred to Vienna. S"3. In those places rhere there is no separate buria. place tom Protestants the corpses of followers of that faith areto be buried in the Catholic cemeteries; but the parish priest will have to point out the proper spot in the same for the place of interment of the Protestants. "4. Ifa Protestant community has its own cemetery, the bodies ofthe persons belonging to it are to be buried in the same, unless some single members should live a' a very great distance from the principal seat of the community; in that casethey are to be buried in the Catholic burial-ground, in a spot appointed bv the rector of the parish. "5. The sanne*rgulationis to be observed if single Protes. * The WEnister omits to mention that the Protest&ntg of Vidnnsh d their own separate burial-place, but that the Emperor Joseph nshed all his Christian snujects to be buned in the samne consecrated ground. tantslive-and die in themidStof Catholic eimuntiesr or if any Ptestants shoid die whiletrveuling. A is atural, Protestants will be allowed to perform their religious ceremoniesintheirown churchyards, or in that part of the general cemeteries set apart for their exclusive use. I no coniplete separation bas boen madein the cemoeeryt1ae¶.ural of Protestants has to take place -without any sing!Lng or funeral oration. In no case can the Catholic priest be expocted to accompanythe corpse of a Protestant to the gram, even if he does not wear the symbdls of his ecdlesasticfAl caing. "The foregoing regalations are to be valid 'untifita state of things is establised which WiUl permit the total exclusion of Protestants fromCatholic cemeteries.X " If any difficulties should arise respecting the bunal of personslivinginnmixedmarriage,' who havetheirownfamy vaults (stattmc), and thereisquestion of theintermentof aclii Catholic member of the family, the persons -concernedare at liberty to obtain favourable treatment (gnsUtige oehisni. lung r'.r cnrirken) from the ecclesiastical authorities.- -b those places where the purchase of family graves has baea customary, and there has never before been any difficulty made abont the interment of the Protestant members of the family in them, tho stadtholders are to come toan und* standing with the ordinariatc, 'as it appears advisableit the introduction of stricter ecclesiastical discipline to proceed gently (in sc2loender 2retsc voraugdhen.) In conclusion, the Ilinister observes ' that a publication of the fortgoing regulations is not to take place."' In his private instruct ons to the Stadtholders Count Leo Thun observes that he issued them..*y Imperial authority, and the task of critcizinthem must therefore be left to other hansdi. : his before been said, an attemnpt sill be mado -to carry out the concordat to the very letter, but it remains to be seen whether it will succeed. In Ul1tramontane circles it is not doubted that Tuscanyr is about to conclude a concordat with Rome. JS.1 At length the Gllician Railroad question is settled, and, as it appears, to the satisfaction of both parties. The Northern Railroad Company is to continue its line from Oswiecim to Cracow, Rzeszoff, and probably to Jaroslaf. The Gallician nobles, 'who have their head-quarters at Lemberm, will, by their concession, be privileged to construct a railroad in three directions .-1. From Lemberg to Jaroslaff or RzeszoH, where it wi31 join the Northern Railroadl 2, from Lemberg to Brody, where it will unite with the Russian Railroad from Kieff and Mloscow; 3, from Iemberg to Czernowitz and Suezava, where it wll join the railroad which is to be constructed from Odessa, by way of Galatz and Jassy, to the frontier of the Bttkowina. The Gallician nobles will have the sanie privileges granted by the State as those enjoyed by theNorthern Railroad Company. Subscribers have already been found for the capital of 36,000,000hi. which are to be raised for the lines between Leniberg and Jaroslaff and Lemberg and Brody. ; Duringthe last three or four days the inhabitants of this city have been almost broiled alive. The thermometer (Fahrenheit's scale) has now and then showed 104 deg. in the sun, and for many hours together 90.50 in the shade. There has been so little rain that the crop of hay 'will be very scanty in all the northern provinces of the empire, and a firsSt rate authority on such matters yesterday told mre that, if rain dlid not peedily full, and that in very large quantities, there would not be more than half crops of corn in Moravia and Bohenia. In the Bacsca and Banat all kinds of grain are looking well. RUSSIA. (FROMt OUR OWN OoitR-ESP0NDEN.) BERLiN, JUNE 5. We have telegraphic news here from St. Petersburg that a fiotila, consisting of a screw line-of-battle ship of 96 guns, two frigates, and two coivettes, is being fitted out, for the purpose of conveying the Empress MSIother to Palermo, and that it 'will soon put to sea from Cronstadt. Doubtless the fitting out of this fotilla is now nearer completion than it 'was when the same news 'was spread abroad some two months back, and the period 'when the Empress Mother will make use of it is to the sam-e extent nearer; but, as far as has as vet come to my knowledge, this trip will not take place for many months; the original scheme of the Empress's journey still remains the same as I stated it severa! months back. The physicians who have been colsulted here upon the subject have decided upon Wildbad, a medical spring in Wurtemberg, as the best suited to the Empres3ss state of health, and she will repair thither from here. On leaving there and makmng some short visits elsewhere in Germany, she will return to Russia to be present at the coronation of the Emperor in Moscow, and afterwards, in thje course of September, she 'will proceed to Sicily- for the winter. The Emperor with his suite arrived at Eonigsberg at 5 o'clock p.m. of. Tuesday, where lie took dinner. All official receptions on the road had been forbidden, and the iEmperor travelled over this part of the journey, from Berline to the Prussian frontier, as simply as any mere officer of rankl in the Prussian service could have done. He wvas received at the station by the military and civil authorities of the town and by the Russian Consul there, who were admitted to his table. - The bearing of the Emperor was on this occasion niost unconstrained; the dinner seems to have been very modest, and nevertheless to have lasted two hours, so that it may be presumed that- the conversation -was tolerably free; The streets through whiclh the Emperor drove in an open carriage with six grays were simply decorated with flowers and triumphal arches, &c., and filledvwith people, who indemnifiedcthemselves oii this occasion for the comparative stillness that had been enforced on them at the time of the Elmpress's passing through, and shouted " Hurrah !" t; their hearts' content. The high road leading from Kiinigsberg to Tauroggen, which is the route laid down for the Emperor, has for the last few days been the scene of unusual life andcbustle, which increases three and fourfold on passing the frontier. Not only did crowds upon crowds of the neighbouring population flock to the road where the Emperor was to pass, but also all the military that could escape from duty at the nearest frontier posts took up and Lmaintained their stations with great perseverance. M.Ioreover, thousands of labourers have had to be employed on the roads themselves to put them into a state fit for Imperial wheels to pass over. The increased traffic of the two years just passed has totally destroyed the roads, which never were originally good for much; even in dry weather they have for a long time been dangerous to vehicle and life; but since so much rain has fallen they have had to be boarded up and bridged over'with planks, to make them any way passable; on this, occasion all that has been neglected for years had to be made good in as few days. Thousands of labourershhave been employed since the beginninc of last week in removing these planks and lfilling up the holes, lest Imperial bones should suffer too much from the jolting that ordinary Russians have had to put up with in resignation. The Emperor was to sleep at Tauroggen on Tuesday evening, where; however, there is no other building to receive him han the Custom-house. This building has been fitted up in all haste by workmen sent over from Tilsit, and, with the assistance of copious Supplies of flowers, made to look somewhat habitable. This total want -of accommodation arises from the circumstance that the line of communication between the two counties generally lies across the frontier at Tilsit, that being the more direct road to St. Petersburg. O?n the present occasion the E:mperor is going to visit the l altic ports, and consequently keeps nearer to the coast. At Riga and Revel he as to spend two days each, and veiy grand preparations have been mlade to recceiehim. It has been ordained by an Imperial ulase that the colours of the various drusehines of the militia now disbanded shall be deposited in the cathedrals c f the respective capital towns of each govermnent. Those of the St. Petersburg Militia are for the pre. sent to be puit for safety into the Isaac Chapel, attached to the Admiralty, and as soon as the Isasc Cathedral is finished and consecrated they are to bi placed there. In Moscom the colours are to be placed provisionally hi the Tachuden Monastery, and when the Cathedral of Christ the Saviour is finished to be removed thither. Accordingto general report in St. Petersburg Admiral Putiatin isto havethe comimand of the Pacific Ocean fleet, which is to be put on an imposing foot- ng. Captain Wink, the chief of the B31ack Sea 3Iarine Bride, left St. Petersburg again on the 23d ul. for the Crimea. The severest punishment, among the very numerous instances that have been pulished of late, has just been inflict,ed on Aolonel Bronewsky, lately superior officer of the em;f5sa iat mn Rostow; for te many acts of embezzlement an. dishonesty of which he has been guiltythe Emperor has degraded him to the ranks and de-i prived him entirely of his patent of nobility. *he Russiau I)anubianl flotia is repremented.` to
ThE CASE OF AtCIIDE AcoN DENiso-.-_The Bath E.qsress of Saturday states that the * ecretary of the Archbishop of Canterbury has been in Bath during the past 'week forthe purpose of making arrangements for holding a court in that city for proceeding with the suit promoted against the ALrchdeacon of Tanntcn by the Rev. J. Ditcher, vicar of South Brent. It is added that this court will be held at the Guildhall at the latter end of July. TIrE COAST-CtGVUD AT FowEy.-The Adniiralty have been pleased to mark their approval of the gallant con. duct of Commander Norcock and the men under his command in recently saving life from the wreck at Fowey. The commissioned boatman Henmood is promoted to be chief boatman, and the man Pappen to be a commissioned boatman. In addition to this 101. each have been awarded to Ienwvood and Johns, and ot. to Pappen. The ControllerGeneral of the Coast-guard has extended the time of Commander Norcock's present appointmiient from five to ten years. This oflicer's galantry is also to be marked by the presentation of a sword froms the Board of Trade, and from the committee at Lloyd's the silver medal. EXTR.ORDIXMtY SAGACITY.-It has frequently fal!en to our lot to record instances of animal sagacity, but we never remember anything more remarkable than the following, which was related to us by an eye-witnf ss :-About 11 o'clock on the night of the 29th ult., as nir. Henry Carr, of Shaw-wood-gardens, and two or three friends, were coming through a field leading from his house to the North-road, their attention was attracted to a pony be!onging to Mi-. Carr, which c.ame up to them, and on their attempting to stroke it, as they had often done on previous occasions, it threw up its head, gave several loud snorts, and instantly scampered across the field in the direction of the Niaduct, and after proceeding some distance returned, aud nsade a similar demonstration, evidently wishing to attract their attention, and then again immediately ran off. It occurred to the party that there might be somnething amiss, and they therefore followed the pony, which betrayed evident symptoms of delight, and in a short time it brought them to the edge of a large pool of water immediately adjoining the viaduct, when it a"ain commenced snorting and jumping about. On looking mto the water they fancied they saw something on the surface, ard also heard a gurgling sound, as of some one drowning. A man named Coxon, of Framwellgate-moor, instantiy jumped into the water, and soon succeeded in bringing out the apparently lifeless body of a man, who turned out to be a person named Johnson, a shoemaker, belonging to Sunderland, who was evidently under the influence of liquor, and had probably lost his way and fallen into the pooL Efficient aid was at once rendered, but it vras nearly three hours before he showed any signs of life; lie, however, eventually recovered. In whatever way the strange conduct of the pony may be accounted for it is certain that but for it the unfortunate man would have bftn drowned.- .Vurhar4 Voimty -Orcrtikr.
LAW REPORT. COURT OF CHANCERY. coL's- . JuE 7. HORNE V. BARTONT. I(Before the LORD OnA?NCELLOR andc the LORDS JuSTICXS I OF AFFEALi lins was a pettion ior leave to rcnear tIns cause, with a view to correct a settlement executed pursuant to a decree made by Sir Wllliam Grant, Master of the Rolls, as far beck as the year IS15. The suit was instituted to canry out the trusts of the will of Thomas Woodroofe Smith. The testaW tor thereby devised large estates to trustees and their heirs such of his children as should attain 21 years age or bc married, which should hirst happen, in equal shares1 during their respective lives, with remainder to their issue severally and respectively in tail, with cross remainders betw,een them. And after directing his trustees to make a settlement of his estates accordingly, and that the share of each of his two daughters, Anne Barton and a,ria Woodroofe Smith, should be for her separate use, with a power of appointing among her issue, the testator directed that in such settlement there should be inserted all proper powers and authorities for maling leases and otherwise, according to circumstances, to and for the tenants for [life, to be exercised by them at such times as they should be by law qualified £o to do; and the same powers and authorities to be exercised by the trustees, their heirs, and successors whenever such tenants for life respectively should be disabled or disqualified by law to act freely and of their own uncontrolled authority in said premises; and that provisions should also be made in such settlement for the appointment of new trustees in the like manner as the said tes'ator had directed respecting his personal estate, alluding to another will disposing of his personalty. The testator died, leaving his two daughters his only cIldren. The allegation was that the settlement was not in conformity vith the will. Mr Bolt, llr. R. }'almer, Mr. Shapter, and Mr. Braithwaite, vere in support of the petition; the Solicitor-General, Mr. Bailey, Mr. Mains, Mr. Follett, jMr. Cairns, Mr. Iattle, hlr. Southgate, Mr. Gael, MIr. A. Smith, Mr. Capel Cure, and Bowriag contr2. The case was not concluded.
I ROLLS' COURT. CEANCERY-LANS TJE. 7 *iUUJ1AZS V. TH0.1k,11S. (Befoe tA2e MASTS: Of thC ROLLS.) - -,s wsSui ua occupieu me k;ourr nearly toree days, was brought on on motion for a new trial of an issue tried at Swansea Assizes. Plaintiff is the widow of the late Mr. Thomas 'Thomas, of Werngayach, Glamorganshire, who made a will on the 12th of July, 1854, a few hours before his death, whereby he bequeathed the income of his real and psonal estate to his wife for life, and after her death he distributed his estate among his brothers and nephews. His brothers, the defendants in the present suit, obtained probate in the Prerogative Court of a will dated the previous February, whereby they took a greater interest, but plaintiff instituted proceedings whereby that probate was recalled, and probate was granted of the will of July, which, however, was not to be drawn up for some days, in order that defendants might have the Opportunity to appeal to thee Privy CounciL. They did appeal. In the meantime this suit was instituted, and the Court granted a receiver, and directed an issue as to the validity of the second will. At the trial the jury gave a verdict establishing the will of February. The present motion was for a new trial, on the ground that the Judge did not suficiently point out to the jury the nature of the question they had to determine, and also that the circumstances generally were such that a new trial ought to be granted. His HONOUR said he wished to read the evidence over carefully before he gave his final decision ; but his present impression was that he should direct the case to be tried again, and that the question for the jury to consider was the second will solely by itself, and whether there was evidence of testamentary capacity, and that they ought to have looked at it as if there had been no other will. be would, however, after reading the evidence, mention the case again on Monday morning. Mr. Loyd, Mr. Grove, and Mr. H. Nichols -were counsel for the plaintiff Sir F. Thesiger, Mr. Roundell Palmer and Mr. Collins for the defendant.
VICE-CHIANCELLORS' COURS. JuNiE 7. CRUSE TV. 'VQFVP'.TX, I I-fejore Yiae-Chancellor Sir B. T. XIDE sLuz. This was an application by the vendor of property sold under the direction of the Court, that the purchaser might pay his purchase-money into court, and resisted, under these circumstances:-It appeared that the property in question belonged to John Cox, who mortgaged it in ree to William Price, with a power of sale, and Price transferred his mortgage to Philip Nowell, and Price afterwards sold to Nowell. The 10th condition of sale was as follows :-" It appears in the abstract that in the pearIS46 one John Cox, the ownerof the property, mortgaged at to William Price in fee for securing l,0001., with power of sale, and thht in the year 1851 Price transferred this security to Philip NoweD (the testator) for securing 5501., and then in the year 1852 Price, in exercise of his power of sale, sold the premises to Philip Nowell for the sum of 1,0001., the amount of his original mortgage. The purchasers shall admit that this sale was well made under the power in the mortgage deed, although the mortgagor or his assigness (in case he was bankrupt or insolvent) did not concur therein." John Arnold purchased under (inter alia) the above condition, and the conveyancing counsel took the objection that Price might not have the power of sale in him when he sold to Nowell, having previously transferred such power to him when he transferred his security, and a correspondence took place, and, in answer to a requisition, on this abstract an offer was made to join the heir-at-law of NoweD, who was dead, and whose estate was now sought to be administered bvsunmuons in chambers, but the matter now came on upon adjourned summons to determine the question whether the purchaser ought not to be discharged, on the ground that the 10th condition did not sufficiently lead to the question of the power of sale not being in Price when he purported to sell toNowelL PMr. Foo;s appeared for the vendors, and argued that there w-as siifficient to lead to inquiry upon the question. Mr. S=rFsE, for the purchaser, contended that the condition was not so unambiguous as it should have been, and it was plain that the vendors themselves did' not see the objection by the mode in which the queries were answere1. The Court, moreover, had no jurisdiction to sell, inasmuch as this was personalty only and not realty,being an equity of redemption, and the sale purported to be of freehold land. Mr. Foo;s was heard in reply. The VICE-CHANCELLOR thought that the-purchaser was not bound by this condition, which, without imputing the least design of unfairness, was certainly not in such terms as to lead an ordinary person to the real question; nor did it refer to a passage in the deed of transfer, which provided that in case of default Nowell might take possession, and exercise such power of sale as was contained in the recited indenture. It would be very difficuit to maintain that the power of sale remained after that passage; but it -was not necessary to decide that question, for upon the condition only it was clear that the purchaser must be discharged, and, if there was no form to the contrary, have his costs out of the estate. (Before Vice-C%ancellor Sir J. STUtRT.) SnCE V. ROBINSON. This case, which was opened yesterday, occupied the Court for the day. The bill is filed by Mr. and Mr. Inc, the latter being the legal personal representative of the late Mrs. Catherine Cumming, whose state of mind was the source of much and well-known litigation, against Messrs. Robinson and Haynes, praying for an account of moneys received by them on her behalf. The plaintiff's case is not yet concluded. Mr. Bacon and Mr. Morris appear for the plaintiffs; Mr. Selwyn and Mr. Southgate for Mr. Robinson, and Mr. Malins, Mr. Fooks, and Mr. Joyce for Mr. B?aynes. (Before VIce-Chancellor Sir W. P. WOOD.) IN 'lME MrrAEP. OF TI1E CLERGY SOCIETY, AiD TIIE ITO AND U1TH OF VICTORL, C. 96. This was a petition under the Trustee Relief Act, the petitioners being the corporation known as " the Friends of the Clergy Society," and which was founded in 1849 for the purpose of allowing permanent pensions not exceeding 401. per annum to the widows, orphans, and unmarried daughters of clergymen of the established church, and for affording temporary assistance to necessitous clergymen and their families. The object of the petition was to obtain the payment of a legacy of 2,0001. bequeathed to the " Clergy Society" by the will of a lady named Grooby, the widow of the late vicar of Swindon, Wilts, and which legacy was claimed not only by the petitioners but also by the three following societies-namely, " the Corporation of the Sons of the Clergy," "the Poor Pious Clergy Society," and another sociaty w'hich, by its short title may be described as "the Clergy Clarity within the Diocess of Glocester and Bristol." The words of the will were as follow:-" I give and bequeath to the following societies and institutions established or carried on in London the several legacies or sums next hereinafter mentioned - that is to say to the Church Building Society the sum of 2,0001. Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities; to the Clergy Societythe like sum of 2,0001. like annuities; to the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge the like sam of 2,0001. like annuities; to the Church Missionary Society, the sum of 1,0001. like annuities; and to the Clergy Orphan Society the sum of 2,0001. iUke annuities; and my desire is that if I should not be possessed of a sufficient amount of Three per Cent. Consolidated Annuities at the time of my decease to answer and pay the said several legacies and specified amounts of stock, my executrix shall purchase or make up the same out of my residuary personal estate hereinafter bequeathed, and I direct the said several amounts of stock to be paid or transferred to the treasurers, or other properly authorized officers of the said societies, for the use and benefit thereof at the expiration of 12 months after my decease." Various affidavits were read on behalf of the several claim. ants for the purpose of endeavouring to show the intentions of the testatrix by the words "the Clergy Society," but the evidence was not, in the Vice-Chancellors smind, sufficiently strong to enable the Court to assign the legacy to any one of them in particular, and His HoNoux ultimately decided to direct a scheme in favour of clergymen of the Church of Englandin a distressed state in London, his Honour feeling bound, by the word sused by the testatris in the first part of the bequest, to limit the locality and confirm the benefit to London. Thecease was argued by MTr Speed, Mtr. KRenyon, Mr. Pearson, Mlr. x. Ware, and Mr. Amphlett,
| COtTT OF QUEENS BENCH, WESTM>ST J3.K 7- T71E QUTEEN (ON TIIE PROSECtMON OF TEE TU-STAU. BOARPD OF TEALTH) V. THE TRUSTEES OF TU.NST,A7L MND BOSLEY TiTP..%P7;r nnAn jzfucngs In Janco, tCforc Lwrd CAIMrBELL and Justices COLERIIDGE, ERLE, and CRO:WIPTO-.T In this case the trustees of the Tunstall and Bosley turn. pike road had erected a turnpike gate, with a house, Drivy and cesspool, within the jurisdiction of the Tanstall Board of Health, without filst obtaining the approval of the board, and had thus incurred. a penalty under the Public Health Act, the 11th and 12th of Victoria, c. 63. The Board of Health accordingly caused the trustees to be con. victed, and against this conviction the trustees appealed. A case was then stated for the opinion of this Court, raising the question whether the trustees were justified in erecting the house as well as the privy and cesspool without the ap. proval of the local board fist obtained. Mr. PIAsss-Y (with whom was Mr. 3fMahon), for the re- Erondents, contenced that the c6nviction was not for erectiig the house, but only forthe construction of its appendages without the approval of the local boarduof health. Mr. ScOTLAN-, for the appellants, said that if thle Court ahould bo of opinion that the conviction did not apply to the -house he was content to admit that the convichon was otherwise good. Lord CAMPBELL said he thought the conviction was good under the 3d section of the Public Health Act, for the plivy and cesspool had been constructed without the sanclion and against the remonstrance of the Board of Health. The trustees had power to build a turnpike subject to the Board of Health, who were to see that it was done in a proper manner. The conviction did not apply to the house, but only to the privy and cesspool Mir. Justice COnERIDGE said no power was given by the General Turnpike Act to the trustees to erect a house such as would be a nuisance, or so as to take them out of the Eublic Health Act. Mr. Justice ERLE saia that by the Public Health Act the at solute property and management of all sewers, &c., were vested in the local board of health. Mr. Justice CRO1iTox concurred. Wr. SCOTLAND msid the only point which his clients had come here to contest was whether the Board of Health had the right to order the house to be pulled down.; but, as he had succeeded on that point, he hoped the Court would not grant the respondents their costs. Lord CAMrDELL said that, under those circumstances, there would be no costs allowed. Conviction affirmed, without costs. 2TE QUEEN (ON THE PROSECUTION OF THIE OVEPSEERS OF HENDON) V. TIUB REGENT'S CAN-AL COMPANY. This was a case stated for the opinion of the Court, and which raised the question whether the Regent's Canal Company had suc(h an occupation of land used as a canal in the -parish of Hfendon as would render them liable to be asse sed to the poor-rate of that parish. Mr. PASILEY, 0.C. (with whom w,as Mr. Keane), vas heard in support of the rate;* and MUr. T. F. ELMSr for the The ourttooktime to consider. BAIL COURT. (SiUings in Banco, before .iUr Justice WIGxTnXy.) IN RE XIN ATTORNEY. Mr. MAClIAcAA.en moved for a rule calling upon an attorney to show cause why he should not answer the matters of the affidavit. It appeared that afrs. Brownehad given the attorneythe sum of 1,1001. fer the purpose of being invested on security, which the attorney undertook to do. T'he attorney had since become banksrupt, and it was then found that he had never invested the money. Drs. Browne had brought an action, which had been referred to the Master, who had found that 1,8441. was due. The attorney, however, had kept out of the way, and the award of the Master could not be enforced. The JUDGE refused to grmnt the rule, as the applicant had proceeded by action.
COURT OF COMMhON PLEAS, WzsTnTNsT, JuR 7. kotuangs tn sianco, :intity :rer2Lm) It Was announced to-day that this Court will sit on the lSth of June and on the two following days for the purpose of disposing of the b-usiness in banco on the special and new trial papers. TARRAMX V. WESB. In this case, which was tried before Mr. Justice Cresswell at the last sittings in Middlesex, when a verdict was found for the plaintiff, damages 25., Mr. XL SmiTH, Q.C., moved for a new trial and to set aside the verdict. It appeared that the plaintiff is n painter and decorator, and was einployed by the defendant to execute some painting and decorations at the Carlton Club. The defendant took the original contract for the work, and employed two persons named Martin and Gibbs to erect a proper scaffold. ug. On the 7th of October last, while the plaintiff was snding on this scaffolding at his work, it fell down, and an consequence he received a severe fracture of his ankle. Eor tbis injury he brougaht his action against the defendant, and the jury gave him 251. damages. The learned counsel for the defendant now submitted that the judgment outht to be arrested, as it was not averred in the declaration that the defendant employed knowingly and wilfully incompe. tent persons to erect the scaffolding; and also that he was notliable for the rnisdoings of his sub-contractors, who were not his servants. The COeiT granted a rule nisi. The rest of the day was occupied with two arguments in showing cause, in one of which the Court took time to consider its judgment, and the other was of interest only to the parties concerned. (Siizgs cg Nisi Prius, at GuildawI4 before Mr.Jwutice CROW NDER and a Commwn Jury.) The Court sat this morning to dispese of the cause "I epper v. Huntley," which was an action for breach of a charter-party and demurrage, totally without interestto the general reader.
COURT OF EXCHEQUER, SATURDAY, Juiz 7. JA. 1C.SE V. AYWAVARD. (4Wng tn Ban2co.) Mr. NEEDIA ti moved for a review of the taxation in this case. It appears that the action was referred to a lay arbitrator, and that in order to take up the award the plaintiff had been compelled to pay the arbitrator's fee, amounting to 4371., as we understood. When the matter came before the Master on taxation 1001. was struck off this sum, on the ground that the fee claimed by the arbitrator was unreasonably large, and the consequence of the whole affair was that, though the awrrard was in favour of the plaintiff, he got paid about 31. more than he received from his opponent. It was now urged that, as the plaintiff was unable to obtain the award until he had paid the fee fLxed by the arbitrator, it was very unjust to him that that sum should be subject to taxation. and that the whole sum ought to have been allowed by the Master. The COUrT, however, refused to disturb the decLqion of the Master. The defendant was not to be compelled to pay an excessive fee because the plaintiff had paid it. It might be very hard upon the plaintiff that he should lose the excess, but, if it was a totally unreasonable fee, he might have a remedy over against the arbitrator. Rule refused.
I CONSISTORY COURT. Si,TuDAY. Jusx 7. kIARMAR V. rARMAR. (Before Dr. LuSJn?(GTON.) This wvas a suit for divorce by reason of ernelty, promoted by Mrs. Lucy Harmar against her husband, Major David James Has-mar. Dr. BAYFORD (with whom was Dr. Spinks) was about to open the case, when P Dr. ADDAms (with whom was Dr. Twiss) interposed, and said that it was not his intention to offer any opposition on the part of the husband. The learned JUDGE said there were considerable difficulties in the case. He was by no means prepared to say that he could pronounce against the husband on any individual act of cruelty charged by the wife. Dr. ADDAXmS said that unfortunately there was proof of violence on the part of Major Harmarl but on the part of the wife there had been considerable provocation. The learned JuDu.n called on Dr. Bayford to point out the witnesses on whom he meant to rely. Dr. BAYFOBD having complied, The CouRT reserved its judgment.
INSOLVEWT DEBTORS' COURT, June7. IN RE JOHN LYON BI'EOD. (Before MAr- PTTm.T.mq.- e his case, which was reported in 27te Times a few days since, occupied the Court during a great part of Thursday's sitting, and was concluded to-day. The insolvent, who had been a lieutenant in the navy, and had commanded ships in the merchant service, was opposed by a Mr. Harvey, a builder, who had fitted up somne premises in Old .Tewry as offices for the Civil Service Miners' Assurance and Investment Company, of which the insolvent was the projector, and, according to the prospectus, managing director. Mr. Harvey's claim was about 2001., and he btated that the insolvent had represented that the directors of the company would be liable, whereas, upon suing them, the plaints.f was defeat.ed, the insolvent swYearing that the credit had been gjiven to him personally. This account tlbeinsolventadhercdto, and denied Mr. Harvey's evidence p- n that point. A long and very irregular esamination, ac- companied by continuous warm a- personal alterations by the counsel engaged, was directed to the circaunssitss attendant upon a connexionwhich the insolvent had formed with a woman named Oldham, whom he had passed off as his wile, and who since his marriage caii c s sation of the connesion had, he declared, annoyed hitn and. pursued hm in every way, she being the real moving partym the present opposition, with a view to prevent Ithe eon; firmation to the consulship at Mozambique. -In the course of his evidence toe insolvent stated the revolting fact that ~3frs. Oldhama ba told him that her three children were by - her motheres second husband, with whom she had ran away. In answer to a question from the learned Commis- sioner the insolvent said he continued the connexion afterhis k-nowledge of that circumstance, being unable to get rid of her. The learned ConmssioNEP, after expressin his disgust at some circumstances which he had been com. eneto hear,said, as there were debts without consideration, he had no power to name a day for the nmal order. The case must therefore be adjourned sine dieim The insolvent, being without protection, was arrested immediately on quitting the court.
POLICE. MSIORR-0OVsE.-James Mines, charged with havin stolen a watch value 41,, a chain value 2Z., and several spoons and forks, the property of his employer, Mr. F. G* -Anronier, was brought before Alderman WIRE for final esamination. The assistant of Mr. Graves, pavwnbroker, produced six silver forks and a pair of sugar tongs, which were pledged at Mr. Graves's shop in the name of James Mines, on the 12th of January last, for 50s by a ran, but by whom wit neFs did not know. The prosecutor identified all the property pledged at the various shops the assistants in vhich had given evidence on former occasions, as well as the goods produced upon this examination. The prisoner, who acknowledged that he had committed the several robberies with which he was charged, was then committed for trial. CarolineWilliams, AnnlBrown,and Ann.atthews,welldressed, steady-looking women, were charged with. having robbed a lady of her purse, and with having attempted to commit several robberies in the city. The prisoners had been observed by Michael Eaydon, the detective officer, in St. Paul's-churchyard on the day the charity children assembled at the cathedral. He did not 'know any one of the prisoners, but his extraordinary instinct led him to the quiet pursuit of their movements, and, after having dodged them upwards of an hour, assisted by Inspector Whicher, of the A division of the metropolitan force, during which time they poked their hands into the pockets of several ladies, he seized them in the act of taking the prosecutrix's purse out of her pocket. The three prisoners were Eecured by the officers, and the purse, which was suddenly dropped upon the ground when their clever manceuvres were interfered with, was produced in evidence. The prisoners were asked by the LORD MLAYOR and Sir P. LArun, who sat in petty sessions, whether they wished to be tried by the Court in which they were, or to be sent for trial at the Central Criminal Court, and they immediately said they preferred the former alternative. The LoBD MATOR told them that, in order to enable the magistrates to dispose of the case by an immediate adjudication, they must plead guilty to the charge, and at the some time informed them that their plea of "guilty" would not be likely to diminish the degree of punishment due to the offence. The prisoners said they would much prefer leaving themselves mn the hands of the Lord Mlayor and Sir Peter Laurie, and pleaded " Guilty," but they begged at the same time that the Bench would have the kindness to forgive them, and they would never do anything of the kind again. The prosecutrix, in answer to questions from the Bench, said she never thought she had been robbed until the officers touched her and convinced her of the fact. Haydon stated that the prisoners were all evidently able tacticians. The LORD MAYoR then said that he and SirPeterlaurie were couvinced thatjustice to the public required the inufiction of a heavy punishment, and, to the astonishment of the prisoners, sentenced each to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for six calendar months in the House of Correction. GUILDHALL.-Tilliam Long and George .all, the land lords of several houses in Pluantree-court, Holborn, and Timothy Dillon, James Cotter, Patrick Collins, Samuel Smith, Patrick Lee, and Margaret Neale, the occupiers, were summoned before Sir Ri. 'W. CARPDE. by the Commissioners of Sewers to answer the complaint of overcrowding the houses in question to such an extent as to render them dangerousand prejudicial to the health of the inhabitants. MAr. Tyrrell, the solicitor to the Commissioners of Sewers, appeared in support of the sumnmonses, and stated that these proceedings were taken under the 18th and 19th of Victoria, chap. 121, sec. 29, for the purpose of enforcing the regulations with reference to the public health of the locality in which the defendants resided. The medical certificates upon which these summonses were issued having been put in, Dr. Letheby was caUed, and said that, as medical officer of health for the city of London, he visited several houses in Plumtree-court on the 21st of May last. In a small room on the ground iloor of No. 6 he found three beds, in which two men, five women, and five children had been sleeping. The cubic capacity of the room was 967 cubic feet, or less than 100 feet to each person, instead of 300 cubic feet. The room was also without ventilation and in a very ailapiaated state. aong said he let the room to Collins, with strict injunctions that he was not to take in an other lodgers. Alderman WRE said Long should have got rid of Collins. Long said he had given himn notice to leave. Sir E. W. CAnDEn said that might be true, but he had not taken that course until after he had received notice from the Commissioners of Sewers. Long said he had never received any complaint before. Sir R. W. CARDEu said it was Long's duty, as landlord, not to wait for a complaint, but to visit his house from time to time, to see that it was properly tenanted. rs. Collins, in her husband's absence, attended and said there were only three single women, besides her husband and herself, in the room, and she thought there was o harm in having that number; but when she got notice she turned all her lodgers away. Mr. Tyrrell said he must press for the order to abate the nuisance, and the usual penalties. The ADEmsENs expressed an opinion that the present proceedings could not be carried on against Long. hlr. Tl'yrrdll said under those circumstances he should proceed against Long underanother act of Parliament immediately. Mr. Phillips. the relieving officer of the West London lUnion, said that Long kept a sort of huckster's shop at the corner, and rented several houses iJt the court. Sir lt WV. C-ARD3s inquired how many houses Long had in PlumFee-aonrt. Long said he rented ten houses, and four of them he paid SO guineas a-year for, besides taxes. Sir H. W. C.xDEinx told Long that the remedy was in his own hands to prevent the nuisance complained of, and if he did not do so he must put up with the consequences. ir. Phillips said a child had died in the house since the medical oxfficer visited it. Mr. Tyrrell said the house had been registered as a common lodginghouse, and the defendant therefore could have no difficulty in getting rid of his objectionable tenants if he felt disposed. Long said he had had these houses about five years, and he had never registered thqn, neither was he aware that they had ever been. Sir R. W. CAnDEnx said the public health must be atte nded to, and it aas such men as Long and Collins that encouraged this state of things. He therefore made the order to abate the nuisance, and fined Collins 40s., or, in default of sufflcient distress, one month's imprisonment. The next case was that of a house rented by George Ball, and the number of persons lodged in the house amounted to 70, consisting of 12 men, 19 women, and 39 children, and in the upper part of the house the occupants slept on the floor without beds to lie upon. One of the defendants was fined 20s., or 14 days' imprisonment, and the remainder 40s. each, or one month's imprisonment, the warrants of distress to be held over for the nuisance to be abated. BoNv-sTnEET.-3Mr. Joseph White, of the firm of White and Fairchild, w,holesale grocers, &c., of 63, High-street, Borough, appearcd to a summons granted at the instance of the Board of Inland Revenue, and charging himn with having in his possession a quantity of caramel, or burnt sugar, use for the adulteration of coffee. Mr. Dweily. solicitor to the Board, stated the case, and called John Nicholls, an Excise officer, who proved that he purchased a Ulb. caniister of mixed "chicory and coffee" at the defendants shop for Is. Gd., and took it subsequently to the laboratory of the Inland Revenue for analyzation. Mr. M'Kibbon, one of the chymists of the Board, stated that he tested the contents of the canister produced, and found nearly 20 per cent, of caramel, or burnt sugar, mixed with the chicory and coffee. This statement was confirmed by .Ir. G. Phillips, the Government chymist. The defendant stated that he had been in the coffee trade a great many years, and had always employed caramel in roasting coffee without the slightest notion that it was illegal In the first place, the chymists were wrong in their estimate of the proportion of caramel, which did not exceed 10 per cent, The witnesses adhered to their original statement. Defendant produced two samples of coffee berry to show the effect in colour of mixing burnt sugar with the coffee. It strengthened the coffee, gave it more body, and made it more durable. Moreover, there could be no possible fraud upon the Inland Revenue, but, on the contrary, some gain; for, if 101b. of sugar were put to one roast of coffee (about I cwt.), the sugar would lose at least 40 per cent. in weight. To the Inland Revenno, therefore, there would be a profit, andto the public no detriment whatever. Mr. Phillips stated that the sugar found in the canister was very different from that which appeared in the sample of coffee produced by defendant; the one was in the berry and the other was ground. The caramnel, as it appeared in the ground coffee, had been formed into a crystaL and then broken down. In neither case, however, was the practice permnissible. Mr. Dwelly felt bound to say that the printed directions issued by the Board, and repeatedly given to the defendant, strictly forbade the use of carameL or any other colouring matter. Defendant.-I see now that it is illegal 'With respect to chicory I wvill take this onortunitv of observing that the wilful or negligent acts of servants, in neglecting to use the proper label, exposes merchants to great injustice. Mr. HENY.-That is not the question now under consideration. The defendant was fined ioo1. CLEviwn?rwnz1.Jame, Smith, a carman to a coke. dealer, and residing at Debigh-place, Denbigh-street Islington, was brought upon a warant by Randall, charged with assaulting his vifg ,fary Smith. The prisoner, on the night of the peace rejoicings, Went home drunk, broke his wife's finger, struck her, tore the hair out of her head, nd pulled her a,bot for two hours He had struck her before and she-had summonedhim, bul I-had1not appeard mangensth b. - he. pnsoner, in defence, siaid his *ife was a dra and pawned all the goods. - Mr. Trrwm= sentenced him to three months imprisonmeat, withbard labour. - -- - The sittlng magistrate requested our reporter to acknowfledge the receipt of 21., from "TwoAmericans," for Mra Gill, t-ne poor wvoman who has been prevented fromi earning a ]ivelihood for herself and sick husband and four children, -who-was accidentally shot in the arm. The cheCk notice yesterday should have been from "S. P." Wil-Wlia Bailey, William Mliddleton, and John-Fry, lghternen, in the service cf ~Mearss Hammond and-MIiddlemist, lightermen and bargeowrners of l&o. 82, -Iower Trhames.street,wevref brought before Mr. S1E, an remand, charged with stealing 20) bundles of whalebone, value 3201., and 10 bags of saltpetre, value 401., on the river Thames. Mr. Humphreys, jun., conducted the prosecution for Messrs Hamimond and Co., and Mr. Binns defended Bailey. On Saturday, the 31st of May, the prisoners, actingunder the -orders of their employers, received 95 bundles of whalebone from the American Ehip G. B. Lamrr, in the East India Dock, andthey were put on board the barge Rhodiuas, belonging to Hammond and Co. Middleton gave the mate of the ship a receipt for the 95 bundles of whalebone. The barge was loaded in a most extraordiniry and unusual manner. About 63 or 67 bundles wereput intoone end of the barge, which could have contained the whole, but the barge was turned round, and the rest of the whalebone was stoweed away in the other end of the barge, and Middleton covered that portion of the whalebone with a tarpawling. On the same day Fry and Bailey received 49S bags of saltpetre from the ship Gloriana, in the East India Docl;, into another barge caled the Edith. The two bges did not reach their destination at Butler's-wharf, Shad Thames, Horsleydown, ltntil Monday ifternoon last, when a deficiency of 20 bundles of whalebone and ten bags of saltpetre was detected. The robbery was comtnitted between the East India Dock, at Rlackwall, and Horselydown. Besides the susapicon attached to Middl6ton for loading the Rhodius in a very imnroper manner there -wss a mass of evidence licating aIN the prisoners. 3Mr. CHammond had directed 1ddleton to roceed to the ship Gloriana-with the Rhodius after he-had loaded the-whalebone, and take in as mauch saltpetre as-ho could,- but l.e neglected to comply 'vith this request, and- on the EamC aiternoon Mr. Hammnond scolded the prisoner for not obeyg his orders, and had the Rhodius taken alongside the Edith, and assisted all three pnisoners in talking bags of seed from the Edith, and covermg the whalebone for the purpose of protecting it from plunder, whalebone being a valuable article. Mr. Hammond sawv thc tarpxvwling over the forepart of the Rhodius, and did not then know there was aany whalebone under it, and there ounht not to have beenany. The stolen property was traced by Inspector Bridges and Inspector Spain, of the Thames police, to a stable-yard inWhitecross-street, St. Luke's. Thewhaleboneand saltpetre, and the tarpawling which covered thewhalebone, were laded from a punt called the Rover into a stone-yard at the side of Barking-creek on Monday night, and conveyed in a van hired of Mfr. C. Clare, of Swan-street, Minories, to the stable-yard. Fry and eight other men assisted'GeorgePettit, Mr. Clare's canman,. to load the van, and Fry was seen to help to unload the punt in'the creek. The punt was hired on Saturday night last by two men of Mrs Catherine Stallard, wife of Mr. Stallardi master lighterman, of No. 115, High-street, Tapping. 'When the case was first brought before Mr. Yardley. on Tuesday last, the woman Stallard, evidently an unwilling witness, said that Middleton and Baileywerelike the two men who came to her on Saturday night. She also said on Tuesday shebelieved tney were the two men. She now said that one of the men was short, and might be about the size of Middleton. The other seemed to be a bigger and stouter man than either of the other prisoners. Inspector Bridges and Inspector Spain gave evidence of the contradictory staitements made to them by the prisoners, -and that any lighterman would have ample time to get his |craft from the East India Dock up to Butler's wharf between 9 and12 on Saturday night; the tide and wind were favourable. The Edith and Rhodius barges were not brought ap ti the prosecutor's wharf at Shad Thames until Sunday at noon. The prisoners were remanded until Thursday, when they will be committed for triaL ImsrME-William Stanley and EenryInglis, who were described as medical students, were charged with creating a disturbance and assaulting the police. -The prisoners, itappeared, had- been to a cricket match, and on their return amused themselves by pulling down barbers' poles, and knocldng at doors and shuttersm Stanley was convicted in a penalty of 40s., and Inglis in a penalty of 20s.
.S :VMME CIRCUITS OF THE JUDGES. . - The judges appointed to proceed and held the ensuing assizes of oyer nd ter=ier and general gaol delivery in and for the several counties coinpried iyithin the Home, lforthern, Norfolk. WFestern, ana Midland Circnits hava linally appointed the follovdng days and places for hiolding such aIze ad gaol deli7ery in each c°ontS * 94ORF_L_ _2C0P I cUIr. 1VESTERX COClSIT. Judges-The Hon. Mr. Baron PLA= andthe Pon. Mr.Barin MAIITnZ. Onthb!drcuitit has ben uaangeitbhtMr. Sereat Cha em ilt be included inlthe oDmimaion. and. by virtue of the Quem's wanrraut, widlofficiate as Judge, intie room of Mr. Baron Platt, who hafno'. £lffidcently reoveredfrom his late ereere indispoeition to undergo tho The days an-d places on the Oxford and North ancd South Wales andE Chester circuits are not fznally fixed. 3fr. Justice Crowder wll rernain in town as the vacation _ludge.
CRE2ORYE GARDENS. An additional attraction has been given to the wellInown "Elysiumn of Chelsea" by the completion of the large pavilion, raised in the A slbunihain ground, as a conservntory for American plants. These plants, it should be underst4d> are not set in pots, but are growing in regular beds, intersested with eomnmodious gravel-wlks, so that a garenandr ove i th rsul o hI. imporsarrangeThe pavilion is nearly 400 feet long and 100 feet wide, and the light being admitted through a series of transparent ventilators, adorned with paintings of American birds and plants, in illustration of the objects to which the edifice is devoted, the wvhule interior forms a cool promenade. The lowrers, of which the principal are rhododendrums, a-alias, and lmias, are now in full bloom, and hence the exhibition is as beautiful as it is noveL Several members of the Royal family and many of the aristocracy have honoured the gardens with their presence since the opening of the pavilion. It is, perhaps, as well to remark, tShat this permanent lower-show commences every morning at 10 'clock, and is totally unconnected with the evening amusements of Crenmorne. In fact, even for those who are not horticultural enthsiastsa er agreeable lounge has been provided. r
TO THE BDITOR OF TH_E XIS. Sir,-Having just read the division order of LieutenantGeneral Knollys, dated the 3d of June, which appears in your paper of this morning, addressed to the different regiments of militia about to leave Aladrshott Camp, I hAve the honour to request that you will take an opportunity of stating that it was addressed, with other regimentsp so the "Baits," and not to the "Hautn," the lL~Hs hbeing the original w.ay of pelling the abbreviation of the "Eertfordshire," and as such still adopted by the regiment. The saxme error occurred upon the occasion of our march over to the Wellington College on Monday last. I have the honour to be, your most obedient servant, XV 1'HANINC ___ C_ aptain Xarts zlitia. Rertfora, June 6.
TO THE EDITOP OF THE TIMES. Sir,V-WIII you permit me, through the medium of your columns, to call attention to the dangerous practice of vessels lying at anchor in roadsteads without exhibiting a light, in the hope that it may serve as a warning to the masters of vessels who, in the event of a collision, would not be entitled to recover one farthing damages, and that the authorities maybe induced to enforce strictly the Admiralty regulation, -which provides that all vessels at anchor in roadsteads shall exhibit after sunset a bright light at the mathead, visible from all points of the horizon. The following is an extract from thi :log- of the.Violet, Commander Lyne, Royal mail packet,-bound;from Dover to Ostend, on the night of the 5th inst . - *'1L40 p.ns.-tleared Dover harbonr and proceeded at slow speed through the shipping in the roads, passing nine vessels v;ithout lights and in the.inner tra at anchor.' Thbe favour of your insertion of this- letter will much oblige Your obedient servant. A. B. utDB(tLt =ngil=l, t rench, and Belgian Royal and Secretary. lnperial Mail Steam-packet Company, Chief Office, 56, Lombard-street, London, Jnne 7.
THE DEFENcE OF KAs-ON Saturday afternoon Colonel Lake and Captain Thompson, whose exertions at Kars are well known, arrived at Hull, from St. Petersburg, in the Burlington, and their arrival having been expected about that time great preparations had been made to receive them. The corporation, public bodies, &c., embarked on board a steamboat, met the Burlington in the Humber, and accompanied her back to the pier, 'where Colonel Lake and Captain Thompson having landed they were escorted to the Vittoria Hotel, where arand enteztainment had been provided for them. An enormous crowd met them on landing, guns wvere fired, bells rung, flags hung out by hundreds, and every possible demonstration of joy was made. At- the Vittoria Hotel, after an excellent luncheon had been partaken of, and the usual loyal toasts given, the Mayor proposed "the heqlths of General Wiliams, Colonel IAke, and Captain Thompson," and remarked upon the gallantry which had been exhibited. in the defence of Ears. He said he would not give any opinion as to who was to blame for not providing relief for the fortress, but the glorious defence of it was attributable to General Willians, Colonel Lake, and Captain Thompson. Tt was their indomitable perseverance which preserved Xars so long, and they only surrendered itwhentheyhad nothing left to eat. The toast was received with mach enthusiasm, and the same spirit was manifested when Colonel Lake rose to acknowledge it. He said he sbould not enter into a history of the siege of Ears, and then, with great modesty, disclaimed the idea of having done any more than his duty. General Williams, he said, as the prime mover of everything. "We did our duty," saidClonelLake, "and if we did not hold Ears it was our misfortune, and not our fault. That we were able to repulse the Russians in the way we did was owing to the indomitable courage of the Turks." In conclusion Colonel Lake said, it was not for him to express an opinion as to whom they were indebted. for the fall of Ears. Cantain Thompson, who was suffering severely from cold and illness, briefly expressed his thanks, and other toasts having been given the two gallant officern proceeded to London. M E rtoGN miOGRATio FROM Ppmsmox-.-The emigration of the inhabitants of our town, under the auspices of the Mormonites, is moro extensive than we were led to imagine. We find it is not runusal for husbands to return home at night and find wifo, daughter, and children fled, tho house stripped, and a pretty long list of debts incurred on the eve of departure left unpaid. Tradesmen, too, in seekingafterdebtorsare astonished tofind thosewhohad pro- iwedto pay off to the land of promise. A hard casem aa recently come under our notice. A labourin asnatook his vwsageshomeontheSaturdayeyening,andretu.rnedtohis-ork, 'which detained himuntil a late hour. When he hadfinished his labour he again returned home, but found his wife and family bad fled, and his home sti.ppedL Subsequently, he ascertained that, instead of applFung his wages to their proper use, they had run deeply m debt, and allowed the money to accumulate to aist themn in their flight. They sailed from Liverpool on the 23dualt., with a large numbes of- others from vaions placw in the HorizonZ, bound for Boston.-Ps*e.on Guersiian,-
HE RIVAL P1'LICIES-AMERMA AIYD ENG. TLANVD. fPr,nm fip FPro,n;mis.q The Central Amaerican question has begaun to assume a new phase, and to force itself somewhat painfully upon the consideration of tho country and the Government. The United States-or at least those persons who, as rulers for the tine being, are entitled to act in their name, to drag them through the dirt, and to chain them to their own selfish career-have thrown off the mask, and taken a step which, if not wholly unexpected, must still be called surprising. Their Cabinet-or at least its chief, has acknowled"ed the merican freebooter,'who for the moment has seizedupon the Government of Nicaragua. We begin now to get a glimpse of a second and subsidiary motive of President Pierce in SO pertinaciously endeavouring to quarrel with Great Britain on the matter of the Claytn-Beolwer treaty: he was desirous to find a preteYt for its abrogation, because, if still extant and in force, it would oppose a barrer to his ulterior desiins. He therefore charged us wth volating it, because tie course which he had resolved to pursue was certain, sooner or later, to involve him in a voLation of it himself. It is easy enough to characterizethe .lmerican policy as it deserves; but it is a far more important matter to consider deliberately whant principle sball be selected to guide the policy of this country in the face of the step already taken by the Cabinet of Washington and the subsequent steps which that first one is certain ultimatelyto entail. let us look at the whole question straightforwardly, without self-deception and without disguise. One of the parties whose internecine feuds have long disturbed the wretched State of Nicaragua, finding itself unable of its own strength to overpower its adversary, invited the aid of an American adventurer from California, by name Walk'er, or availed itself of his offered aid. By the assistance of the rifles of himself anda number of similar mercenaries whom he enlisted, this party succeeded in getting possession of the Government, and rewvarded their foreign ally by appointing him Commander-in-Chief or Mlinister of War-or we believe both. For a time he was virtually Prime Minister. He shortly afterwards induced a number of ether adventurers from the States to joini him, till a considerable portion of the small Nicaraguan army now consists of American citizens. lithThis arny he made war on the neighbouring republic of Costa Rica, but appears to have been worsted, and to have been in imminent danger, not only of being totally defeated by the enemy, but of having his administration in Nicaragua itself brought to a violent and sudden end. it is under these circumstances and at this critical conjuncture that President Pierce has chosen to acknowledge his tottering power by a formal reception ef his envoy. In his message to the Senate, the President justifies the act byprocL7uming that the principleof the United States is and has always been to accept and acknowledge the dte facto Government of any country as its true aud rightful Government, 'without the slightest regard to its origin-wvithout inquiiring whether it wvas the child of long deecent, or the of lpring of recent revolution. Nowi w e all knowv wvhat this means. No one is reallv blinded bythis plea. We all know that had the native Nicaraguans upset Walker, instead of the reverse. Mr. Pierce 'would have been in no such hurry to acknowledge their Govermnent. Wve all feel that, since the death of the first Napoleon, no imore unseemly and indecent proceeding has ever been ventured upon by the ruler of a great country t!:n this hasty recognition of a Government apparently in an icuto 2nortis, and assuredly born out of illegal violence and civil srife. We can all recoanize, under the thin disguse of an alleged general principle, the first step in the usual American course of encroachment and absorption. The lUnited States treat their neighbours as the boa constrictor treats its victims: slobber them all over and then swallow them. A numlber of American emigrants settle in an adjoining State under the protection of its laws: they buy land or they squat on unoccupied land. They multiply and attract others. As soon as they are strong and numerous enough they rebel against the authorities of their adopted country; they procure aid in arnis, men, and money from their filibustering compatriots, at 'whose lawvless expedition the Washington Cabinet guiltily connives; they make good their ground; the rebellion becomes a revolution; they declare their "'independence's; the United 5tates acknowledge the independence as defacto established, and by so doing aid in establishing it, -and after a short interval, independence is followed by annexation. This was the history of Texas. Or in other cases the process is slightly varied; -the weaker of two parties in a distracted State calls in the aid of Atmeric.an mercenaries; these entice other loose characters from the States to their standard; the foreign adventurers from mercenaries become ministers and rulers; the Government thus grows to be defacto America,anad caims firstthe sympathy, then the recognition, then the aid and alliance of the American Government; and popular clamour enables or compels the federal authorities to respond to the demand. Such is the p recess now going on in Nicaragua. Or sometimes a third modes oPerandi is called into action. A quarrel is got up with one of the many feeble States vhich arose out of the crumbling to pieces of the Spanish Transatlantic sway. A brief because unequal struggle is followeed by a spoliating treaty; and a large slice of desired territory is added to the Union under the title of "indemnity." Such w as the case with California. Now all this is a course of proceeding wvhich is covered ,with even a thinner veil than is generaUy thrown over the deliberate encroachments of the resolute and powevrful. In this way California has been seized, Texas has been acquired, and preparation is made for the annexation of Nicaragua. In this -ay, doubtless, in the course of time, Mexico and the whole of Central America will be successively absorbed into the capacious maw of the mighty and ambitious republic. But though we clearly see the future procediugs and the final issue before us, as in a prophetic glass, it is difficult to say how or where we could interfere, whence would come our title to interfere, and whether interference would be right or w;ise. In the first place, the prciplelaid down by lresident Pierce, though now asserted for the furtherance of an iniquitous design, is one w hich we are not entitled to dispute. We have adopted and acted upon it ourselves in more than one instance. Moreover it is unquestionably sound, where honestly pleaded and honourably abided by and it has become a settled axiom of our own foreign policy Our alliaances are with nations, not with dynasties. Whatever form of government a people chdose to Live to themselves, that Government we recognize as soon as it is bond filc established, even though it had its origin in a successful revolution or a wicked usurpation. On this ground we reco-nized the South American Republics when they threw off the dominion of the Spanish Crown. On this ground 'we recognized Louis Philippe as King of France, when the revolution of July placed him on his cousin's throne. On this ground we fraternised with Lamartine, when President of the brief French Repablic; and on this ground we cceepted Louis Napoleon as Emperor, because he was such Ile ffacto, though numbers of his countrymnen persist in regarding him as a mere military tyrant and usurper. If then, Walker be the real and actual Governor of -Nicaragua, 'we can scarcely object, as a matter of international law, to his recognition by the President of the United States, however indecent may have been the haste, or however sinister the motive of the act. It is obviously impossible to lay down any fixed rule as to the length of time a new Government shall have been "established" before it can be entitled to recognition. Therefore, though with our eyes ful1y open to the probable sequence of this proceeding; though entertaining little doubt that the effect of this recognition will be to enable Walker to secure hispower; thoughI entertaining no doubt 'whatever that, when once securely established, he will fill the State he governs with citizens from the Union so as gradually to oust and overpower the native inhabitants, and thus to pave the wvay for alliance first and annexation afterwards; and though not pretending to disguise from ourselves the influenlce which such proceedings must exercise upon the future fate of Mexico, Costa Rtica, and the adjacent States,-stil a. c see no ground for the opinion, which so many seem to entertain, that this measurc of Mr. Pierce ought to urge us to some immediate diplomatic action, and we see many re.asons 'why, as a mnatter of wise policy, we should abstain from such actionaltogether. These reasons we will endeavour to explain next week. Though no official intimation of the dismissal of our Yiindster at Washington has yet reached this country, there seems little doubt that this step will, before long, be taken by the President of the United States. Like the recognition of Walker's Government of Nicaragna, this proceeding, unseemly and insulting as it is, is not iUexpected;-and like that recognition, it undoubtedly is part and Parcel of a rek. less electioneering policy. Of course the dismissal of Ir. Crampton, should it actually take place, will entail the corresponding dismissal of Mr. Dallas ;-and, perhaps, under the circumstances, this reciprocal cessation of the usual diplomiatic intercourse is the best thing that could happen. Mr. P'ierce, having certain personal projects of his owvn to subserve, deems that a quarrel, or the appearance of a quarrel, with this country w.-ill forwvard those projects. His Cabinet, having app.arently ceHtain sinister and questionable designs on Central ARmerica, is naturally desirous to remove a vigilant observer, whose position would entitle him to report and remonstrate. The fit conduct of this Government under these crcumstances, is that which has been described as "masterly inaction." When a gentlema n finds himself in company of a bully or an intnguer, who for his owvn purposes seeks to fasten a quarrel upon him, and whom, therefore, heisnot inclined to gratify, he simply 'withdraws fronm all intercourse with him, and leaves him to his own ill temper and ill manners. When the UJnited Stats shall have once miore a settled and decorous Administration, whose position and tenure of office enable them to act as is usual among civilized and high charactered communities, we may then be able to resume our fonnmer amicable relations.
THE BJESSARABIUN F5oxTIE5.-Tho commissioner who is appointed to mark the line of demarcation on the frontier of Bessarabia, is Lieutenant-Colonel Stanton, Royal Engineers, assisted by Lieutenants James and C. G. (Gordon, Royal Engineers. " Ta BODE OF LovE."-On Thiursday an inquest wa held before Mr. MW. W. Munckton, coroner, at Dlackshole Farm, Enmore, Somerset, on the body of Miss Mary Maber, an inmate of the Agapemone (the "Abode of Love"), whose body was discovered in a sheep-wash pit near the farm in question on Tuesday morningllast. The coroner 5aidthat he sould write to the Secretary of Statetoinform bim of what had taken place, and also to ascertain whether he would send any rerson down to watch the inquiry on the part of the public. Being the second case recently of that painful nature, there were p7im4& fa(ie grounds for supposing there was something wrong in the establishment. It appeared from the evidence of deceaed's sister (also an inmate of the Agapemone) that for the last two or three months past deceased (aged :56) had been in a desponding state of mind, occasioned by a fear " that she was not a teliever in the Lord Jesus Christ. On Monday night deceased retired to rest in her usual spirits, and took some repose, as the bed in which she slept evidenced. Durin the night ormosningof the 3d inst. she musthaveproceedeg to the pond (a distance of two miles from the Agapemone), and there carried her dreadful purpose into execution. Prior to doing so, howvever, she divested herself of her bonnet -nnd shawl, which were found by the side of the pond on the ground, and led to her discovery on Tuesday morning. The inquest was adjourned in orderto admit of a)pOst-nLleort esamination of the body, and to allow time for the coroner ta communicate with the Secretary of State, as abovementioned. The inquestwi be esmed on Friday next.
SALE$ BY AUCTION. A Callectlonof Mndem F vmit-s snd- Watercolour Drainags. JESSRs. 4CHRISTIE and -'NA.LNSON respiectfuily M '..riro~stui~tiakrt theywuilIS'cLL,by AUCTION. at tbelr'greAt OtiS2, &K AY-t.S.in0si0S THIB DAY, June 9. at I FrecL9kthey.oCOLLECIIONco) beautifuI iIXGI AtM;GSI4andNWATERCOLOUR IDRA"W150So -,S. Libebrefi, Esq., jun.; comprising. 'amOig thc eoiavirlngs.line,rofai and etiihingS by lt.Mo.Mcw ehe : Britiou Strange I,a.df.ees *pjiin -, .1)Dsunojern t-ulsmbacli Bettlini oistr ~ - -Leiia Wille; and capital specimens of waterclouls of Barrett LB.Coolier- Mole nre 1Truut De WintTme Mfay be viewedl two 4laysPreceding, anld catalogues bad. Unredeemed Pledges-Nose on Vi,sw lIESSES. PRIEST and LAWRENCIE will SELL £lYJ.b AUCTION, at their spacIoas Roo-ms. UTpper St. Ma-ertins-lanei. To-marrow (Tuecava). June 10. at 11 for 120. 4501oinef UN,REDEENIED PLBDGES : comprisiisg ldea&' and gentlemen's attire, silks, stins wroollen clotl.s, ho-iks, paintings, eng&rarinzs, lOlota of jewelernyan -watehes. Piols, and an alssortment of miscellaneous property. Newport P2gnel Cart, Excellent Ch,aff.cutcing Machine, six dozen new Coa Sak;,Pubic-ouse IFittings, Household Furnitare, and a gr~eat varet ofvauale roe-ty. XiESRS.PI~ESTandI LAURENCE wvill SELL IlL lv AUCION, t their spacious Room11. Uppver St. ljartin's. lan, nWeneday JnoII.at12 ee, alageASSORTNMENT of MISCELLANOUS PROPRTY: compising hosehold furniture of apublc-hose,a caitaldogcart and a larg otent of misoel- New-ct, Lmbefb-ftose.hold Furniture,fine oldVois Collectin of cutriouis Oldoo, eleganitCabinet Pianofre Gn,Pistols, an.] a larce assortment of Nfiscellaneous Prop~ery i ESSRS. PRIEST and, LAWRENCE will SELL LVi,by AUCTION',on the iPremisgi,I 1 New-cu,L-,nml-th. onThPansday. Juno 12, at 11 ior 12. the HOUSE'HOLD EURN1tXTURE cm-noinsing four-pest, FTenich. anid Arabian bedsteads,capital heds, beddlinc. chests of drawers marblejan,1 otherw-wsi-t,mls. ninogany sl1icin tables. sets of chairs. sofr,s, e-asy chair. carpets, s-.sing classes. nradi-ra -isinnforte in walnuit wood case. sevecral line-old. spersistive violinis, ai ,sash Ilibraryof curioss va,iamle books, sae od,cia tst n a-variety of useful anti, ornamental ~itemi. On view. anid catalogues ha.d on the premiles: and at the auctioneersa effiete. 9. Upper St'. RO~V andSON ill ELL y AUTION, on B Wenesdy net, t thir I-osa, 2. Fee-sreet.elty a GUN F- ItALDitPEI an HOIERs SalI, 10 pirsprime linens, lawns. and prime woollens,y an fucygods On iew-No 25 Nolan-soare Notio-hil,-'n-itue,Cottage Piansfrt few Palintin27. Pit.adEfcs ~4R. FEDERIC A. MULETI' il SELL by ILL ACTT(N, o the Preises To-orrow, Tuiezday, at IZ~ drawuc nd inig rom nponteenc. cina glss,andeffect-. Sfay~ Iiatoncrercent..-ejnu enf i-itnre and E.'ffects. T~frEssR.SPILLMA and SPECE wvill SE,LL - ~ b AUCION.on th Preises No.22. B,--,to--crosernt, on~ Tusdy.us 1. t 2 oc, heirfu HUSHOLD FURNITURE for ed nd sttig roms,incudig to grnd ianofortcs, by good nsa~ers (i viir, nd alaocus ha 00thepieises; and at the Commrcia-rod Eat.-io's Lesehod Poprty, producing £16 7 per annuim, for Investment, TORN HIND wsill SELL, at 0larraway'q, on Mlondlay. *F23.1 inst., at 12. in one lot. FIVE LEASER OLD DWELLIXG. If OUtIES knon" as N70*. 7, 8, 9. 10. 11, Philpot-rstreet. Commercial. road, and a valiiable Plot of liround in tho rear,. The whole unentenally le.t.a,ad ralising a netrent.of £127 perasnnoze. Pari-cularsare ready. -Auction oftices. 13. Cannon-stretbroad, Commerclal-road cast. Paet o Fr Arms,. foSle under a Power of Sale. 1~IFR. OBINS ill SEL by AUCT'ION, at the MlVi Mat, city, on Friday next, at 12. TWVO inidivided 'lEN'TI PARTS or SHIARES , in a certain PATENT, granted oni the 11th of August. 1S53. to Mr. RichiardI Farmer lirand1, for improvements in breech-loadllng-fire arms and ordnance. Particulars miay now be bad of Mr. (Iharles Wrtelit. 27. F_,ssey-streot. Strand; at the Auction Mart; and of ?,Ir. Robins. Piazza, Covent-garden. The Desirable teaseholdl Properly of the lifrases Sheppera, for * absolute Sale, b,y -rder of th hdiitarx 1IR. PAUL vill SELL by AUTO,a h b t,V ceter Tavern. Sloane-Oircees. Knightsbridge nMna,Jn 16, at 1. in loin. TWENTY-ONE HOU'ES, at gon et,i ao gan-terr-ace. Dlraycott-street and Draycott-rersea.Calssre.By ley-street. anda Earl-street. Sloane-street. ParticuhrofV.D,Es, 1. Qneen strect, Mayfair;: and of Mlr. Paul, acine.14 lae stree.t. Piauofort-.s, Finger Oras.Iarmorinmos, Ilaep, andother. Musica Irstruiments. J/R. SCOTCHE is favoured with instructions to LNtSELL ly3 AUC'TION, at the Rooms. 21. Old liondl-street, on Wedneslay. June5 11. at 1 for 2, upwards of FIFITY nenw and seconud. bard PAIANOFORTES by'Brnadwood, 0ollard. Wornum, BProadbridge, anidother enminnt makers: also a suserior Fingeir 0Irgaii, wi1th si stons ; Harmnionmus, by Alexandre~ double and sinels action WYarps. by Erard. &c. : being the entire stock of Moesra Chapman and Co.. of Oxford. Sl%ay ne viewed the dLay prior and mnorniinz of sale. as Ingaes had at the roams, 21. Old Rond-street; or of the auctioneer, 70. Mortimer-street, Cavendiph-squa.-e. XR. BRIANT is instructed by the Execuitors of the Mlate PIes. Rumin to SELL by AUICTIO'N, on the Premises, as above, on T.Lueirday, June 12. at 12. the, genuine EPVFCT5;: con-. I-rsin maogay fur-ostandothr bdstadsand beddling, Spanish mahoanywarrobs, nd to uualchaberrequisites, mahogany dinig con;furitue i tales chirs glzed bookcatse, chimney. glases,easychars,conc, pdesal sdebard anD a few volumes of hoos. ithenreqistes ion ardn ollr,and various effects, Slay. ha ieed heda prceingan te mrnngof the ie. Catalogues bad onthe pemise; and t Sfr Bris t i utois officer, Itennington. tliain-ey. Ciyrad. WVappbig, Limehouise, and. St. Ceorge's-fi.thse. Fst-Freehold and Leasechold Tuvestmeuts. rORN1 HNwill SELL, at Cara-awav's, on Monday, 23d irnstqnt. at 12. In live lots. SIXTEENT TWELLINC.HOUSES. situiate at the east end of London, and offering dlesirable purcanses for small capit:allists, comnprising two leasehold houzes, Nor, 7 anld 8, (l odsmi tis'-row. I aelcnsy-roadl prolineine £5lZper as .n a pl1ot of grou nd( ii the re-sr. let at £5; a ilwe1liug.honue N,"o.1, Rl r-nre-treet. Provost. street, Citv-road. leton leaseat £15 per annumu : ninie lease-hold houses, Non. Ito 'J. Plongb-alley, IVapping.tin one loti. preducing £-16G per aw.num ; a freehold lhouse. INo. 1. 'Ihurcbirow. Limsehouge, let at £23 per annum: and three freehold houses. Nos, 10, 11. and 12. Lower W%ell-alley. Old Cravel-lane. St George's EISt, ProctIdein fromn weekly rentals431i4s, per.annum. Particilars are ready.-Auction offces, 32, Cannon street-road. Commercial-roRd eapt Household Funmituire. Fine Proof Prints, -te, jNfE SSRS. Th S. BAKER anid S;ON wvil SEL-L by Ii,AUCTION, at their large Sale Rtoom. 107, Unner-street, Islinc~ton, on Fr(idy. Juine13,atl2 thelFfRNlTt:5tPE and EFF.ECTS, compris,ing fou'-pot. Frenclh. ansi iron Iseiteadp. g-sue feather beds. muattresses, and bedlding, miairble-top eashatands. w,ardrobe. cheats of drawer--, andl other chuamber articles: P,ruis,els anid !dhlderminqter carpets rhiner lasss. rsewol an mobigan chars,pedestal sidle- tabls, ouces witig tble,pai ofirloes,muscalbox, skeleton elok, omerer lie poo enravnysfro th roksof Lanelseer. Wilie.andOthrs.a fw pintnsi, gandpiaofote,hal table. hearthregs feder. fie-ions andnumrou othr imo.To be viewed the, dayprcedngandmonin o sae,whe ctalgu-smay bebhadattlie Lorrimore-ssinare. WNVlworth-ode Houseiold Fuirniture, two Pianofortes. Books, Prints, Wine, and Effects. ,W GRA HAMN will S ELL by AUTCTION, oin the A. Peiere,~ on Friday, June 13, at I precisely, the whole of the modern PUITNITITRE: comprising- mahog,any, Arabian, four-post, andl oth;r bedsteads, feather beds'and bedding, chests of drawers. ws-andstands and toilet glasses maihogany sideboard, chairs anid easy chairs in morocco. loo. card, and other tables, two pri inofortes. beooke, prints, Brosrels carpets, china, glass, and kitchen utensils, together with a few dozens of wine, in Port and Shierry. On view Thu-,rsday aud mLorninig of ale, C!atalogues onthbepremises, and of the aucetionee.r, 15, Air-street, t'ieoadllyv -Westrninte. -Two Freehold Rouses, let at £70 per ainnuii, 6clar of all taxes. NI.ESSRS. ELLIS and SON are directed to SELL IIbyAUCTION, at C'arraway's, on Monday.J.lne, 16. at 12. (urless an ac'ceptable offer be previouslyI made by PIat ConiractJ TWVO FREEHIOLI DWELLING-H(VSTJE, with handsome modern fronts. situatte Non. 25 andI 29, Horsererny--road, Millbank, Westniinster, recently rebuiilt, and in comoleto repair: eashl containing 10 roomnsNo. 18, let to SIrr. Rushy, a yearlv teniant, at £;35 per anniunm; No. 25), let to MIr. Leninox, at £_35 per annum To b- viewed by permission of the tenant-. Printed particulars may be hadl of Mfessrs. Dodd. Grueber, and Bowesell, solleitors, 5. B3illiter-street; at Garraway's: andl of Mtessrs. Ellis and Son, aucetioneers and estate acents, SG. Fenrlsurch-street. MR. TIND ALE will SELL by AUCTION, on thne MI Premisms 31. Curt;ain-road. Shoreditceb, To-Toorrow, ITueta%d-). June 10, at 12. the well-made qTlmCE in TRADE; comprising winged audIplainhware.rolbespedlestaI sideboards. ehapNlmarble-topri.shstanslo anud cheff,miers. rsuantitv of rircuilar- coffee tables siiitedI for refreslhment rooms. a few lola of dry rsabogany and ceklar hoards. venleers amid cut stuff, sects of chai-s. locn lilIes. elsiinney-glass, Bruszels carpet, eight-day clock,.&c. On view theslay ofsae Clatilogues on the proe maires; of C. It. Randsl. Eso.. a.licitor. Tokenlimi,ee-yard: MIr, Woodling valuer. IS4. Betisial-zreen.road; ana of tho auctioneer. Portlanidplae. Commercial.road, Stepney. On view.-No. 7. Graf ton-streect, Berkcley-square.-Order of Sale of the well-manufactnred Farnituire. elegant Mantel Clocks, line llronzes, Oil Paintings, Library of Rooks. Travelling B'arouzch. and] Efferts M~IR. ARB3ER wsill SELL by AUCTION ion LIaccount of the expiration of the 7essel, on Wednesday, June 11. at 12 precisely, the FURNITURE of live atties. two best bed rooms. dYialog room. valqable oil paintings. prints. barouchi. china and glass', anad portion of the furniture of the serevanin officeas. On Tliursday, Junae 12.-Tins Farniture of two attics- three best bed roose. morning room. llbrary, two drawing rooms, boudoir, elegant French clocks. bronzes, and candelabra: hall. staircase, andI domestic offices. (n Friday. Juine 13.-The valuable and well-selected Library of 3 000 volumes of Books : comprising Encyclosuedia Britannica. Robertson's Amrc,Scott's Works. Voyages anid Travels, Swift's WVorks, British, NOvelists British Poets, Bolinchboke's Works. Roswell's Life rof Jolinson, &-c, On vliew two days prior, Find catalozues (fed. eachi) on theo premises: and at Mi. Arberes auction-offices, l, Mount-street Valuable Freehold Ifetate, in the city of London, comprising extensive premises, covering an area of nearly 8.000 square feet. upon which are erected unumerous subs,tanitial brick buildings, consisting of dwelling roomsq, coach-bouses, stabling. farrieyss and carpenuters' shops, and the who!le let at rents e-reducing £P425 per annum. at C.G R IE is instructed to SELL by M ACIN.a rm ys. Chanage-alley, o Tuesday, Juoly 8, at 12, a 'FREEHOLD PROPERTY, known las the Saraoen's Headi Innyard, situale in Camomilestreet, Bsiehor.ssate-street. having a lefty arched gate-~y entrance. The premisesare very extensive, andore at resent 1et to varions tenants, who pvay the rents with great regularity. For urpsesof tadeor or ay wolealebusiness requiring a large area thse remsesarewel adpte, ad tey have the advanta.eo bein wihinthecit andsea th cetreof all trading operati ons The ropety ay b vieed n aplicaionto Mir. Manly, on the premise, ofwhomparlculrs mybe ad; lsoof Mr. Stacey. solicitor, 17.Blomehry-tret; f Mssr. Writre ndLovejoy, 55, Chancerylan; a Gara-sy; a d f te actoner, 7.Hatton-garden. To-morrow.-Freebold and Leasehold Ground-rent, Shops, and Houses for Investment and Oco-ip-Ation, Rtotherbithe, Paoxdington, Camdentown. Holloway. Slake Newington. and Hoxton. MR. SPEARMAN will SELL by AUCTION, at 71the Start, TTo.morrow, June 10. at 12, in lots, a, well.secured FREEHfOLD GP OTIND-RENT of £17. five small FreehoidHots and two niots of Freehold Building Land, on Debuam-roadl, New-road, Itotherhiftbe;_and the followsrtg Learebolds:-A conesicuons House an cop QT i, 51arwra.Pdigo,lta 4.Anbecre andl 'hop, -, `arl-od adigo,ltt* ;InoleT' e House and Shop, anid another Houlse and Shop. 16 and 20, Ponsfordterrace, Mfaldon-road, Haverstock-hilU, suitable for a surgeon. chymist, butcher. baker, or oil and colonirman. Separate lea-es from freeholder. Fournewgenteel aeven-roomedlHousesa 30to 33, Duke's-terrace. Queen's road, Haverstock-hill,withposses ion of two, Separateleaseafrom freeholder. Five six-roomed Houses Ict weelil), 20 to24. Bowman's-Place. Seven Sisters'-road, Holloway. Leases 3Syears. A double-fronted House and Shop, 8, Abney-park-terrace. High strfet, Stoke Newington. let underan acreement for alease-terms91 years; andtwo prettyHlouses, 24 and25.Baring-atreet, Newr Nortlh-road, Hoxton, well tenanted at £49 the two: lease from freeholder 76 years. May be viewred ty leave. and particnla hbad at the Ponsford Arms, blaldon-road; Mother Redcap, Camden-town; WheatRbeaf, Edgevare-road: Sturt Arms, Hoxton; Bricklsayers' Anms. Old Kent-road; Nag's Head, Holloway; Three Crowns. Slake Newington Angel, IsliDgton; Mfart; and of Mr. Spearman, land agent, 45. Bedford-row. Herefordshire.-Very valuable Freehold Estate, within two and a-balf mrile of the improving market town of Rots, nine of Montaouth, and lis of HTerelord. T ENRY BRUTON has received instructions to 9 J offer to Public COMIPETITION, at the Royal Hotel, Ross, On huarday, July17. at It in the forenoon (sibiect to conditions of sale to be theD and there produced), thai highly valuable and compact FREEHOLD ESTATE, known as Hightowvn, consisting of a substantilly built and comfortable farm-house. millhouse. two cottages three barns, stables, piggerie3, Eheds, fold yards, excellent garden, and abouit 129 acres of highly superior arable, meadow, pasture land and orehardilng. ituate in the parishes of Feterstow and Bridstow. in the county of Hereford. The above very dllgible estate comprises aboat 149 acres of first-rate arable land, and 40 acres of meadow land and orcharding (the latter now in its prime). in the highest possible s'ate Of cultivation. anm in situate in o0e of the most healtby. fertile, and picturesque districts of the county of Hereford, and within a short distance of Goodrich Court and the riverWye, commanding magnificent scenery, thus affording building sites of an unusually attractive character. There in al30 a quarry of building stone. and the estate is intersectedby a stream of water, offeringcapabilities for the erection of a mfil. The tithes havebeen commuted,and theparochialratesarelow. The tnunpike road, leading from Ross to Hereford, runs close to the estate, which to situate within a few minutes'walk of the church, sud withu three mziles of the first-class passenger station on the Hereford, Betss, anud Glocester Railway. Tee estate may be view ed on application to Mlr. Willinho Dewr, the tenant, of wihoni p.articulars, wXith plans, m ay be Lad six days previously to the sale; of Chrarles w Gillim Jones. E:sq., of 11; Gray's-inn-equare, Loudon: of Mtesasrs, Fatwards and HIolland, solicitors. Rto's -at the place of role: the principal inns in Hfereford, Mionmouth, and Glocester; and of the auctioneer, KCing-street, Gb- 3Bishop's 14tOrtford, Herl -Voe %b te Conns- E~.DWIN FOX -will SEL-Lby AUiJaION, It XBsoD,St-rforqd.o Thunday-nex-~2tb. lit 12%_ SLolTAfeS.siue Infewr.itu .Suhsre. c yrer ft.t M lay be drewed, aod agentlemnan decepased , IVIR: EDWIN FOX will SELL by AUCTION, on LIthe l'rmisms No. 25. Park-road. Stak-e Newington. on'Tneaday, Juine 17. at 1-2. neat and miodemn HjOuSEHEOLD FURNITURF~ coinpriaing the requNicte ap,peudages for thw bed clansimer, dining- and drawing roomsPDoontoteutsa.rd miscellanits. Mtaybheviewed the dy prior andinor,r.ingof sale; adtlc%talo_aes had on the premise;s; Sd at Mr Edwin Fox7soflices 41. Colenson-stect, Bsnk. HaiaflrereTrmth-_Xear1y-ew 'umitureby order of the Administ_ra- toir of the~ lat-e Mrs, S Lawrauce. MR. EDWIN FOX wiil SELL byACTO,on SXthe Premises, 3. Mkontagu.plare, llamimersumith, on Wednesday, June-18. at 12. capit%l HOUs,EH OLD FURItNITURE, new within the last three' months, compi ishiR mahogany four.post and French bedsiea,hZ, MahoganY vardrobe. chests of drawers. mnrble top wshshtands and fittings chevala-nd toilet gias~es dr-Awing room suite in Spanish mabog ny and slls damask-, includlig seta .f chlairs, conich. card, and sofatabls; inin roo npoitmnents, comprising se, of dining tables, chairs two 55am e ped sta ideboardjs. large and nesrlynew carpetis, rue. fedrs.lisurns chosy lses, Sic. kitchen requisites andl effcts Sty h Viwedthdapro and morning of role, and catalogiss ha on he -emse,; of 'Mr. C. Crown. Westerofti-place. Hammnererich: ndat ,lr .wiuFo%'s nffiees, 41. Colemani-street. Bank. TO Brevwer an tsr. uh rig,, and Ett'ectsi ofthSarreey Bai-couirt Oldl Bromnoton. 1~F.EDWIN FOX (havin.g let the premises) will ITA ELL bY AIIT MON4 thereon, on Thursday, June 19, at 12. the UTENSIS of RADE,in capital condfition; compri-sing the usual appndaes o aeluierteconcern, aimS including fermenting farnacoe,- lizards.wpesherorndtwo copper refrigerators, mnalt nddcass.stiliads vas. ooers raye, harness .te. May be diewed thedayt,corandmerin ,. sae,and catalogues had on the premises; andat r.Edwn ax' ofics.41,Coeman-street. Bank. liii Dvon.daed~pr,~hss,,ceee.val abesdimprosbleF hod crprtY, Offerior toCdpitllisis, trtea.acI others, secure aud highly remunerative lnveetrentAt. MzRi EDIVIN FOY is favouired with instructions -to ,LtYISELL by AUCTIO IN. at. the Mart. -,n Fri sy. J.me 20, at 12, i Ies the vahmable FRtEEHOLD) ESTATE.forming Ns 7 S.17 and 138. Curtini-roadl. Shoreditels, h-tug four co,. dosdwlig honL-es- and 0-oos. and extensive premisLZ. at pesnlttorsonie tenanrt.hbut at inadeqLuate rents. occupying a vey importn pceitloa. and from the extent of 'the area on whiich it stands. .sifordin advt,antageousi opliortunitics for building purposes, by -whicb. means a greatly imprvedrenal my b obsiinsa he remses mnay be viewed, and partculr. ad' t.esss arerin Was.slifcitors 98, Yin sl,sd. roa; o Mesrs DeonsireandWaligr, oliitrs. 5, Old Twy of Mssrs Deborogh ~d C.. olictor, 5iS-e lan"; of Sir. Win Rosee. oliitor Kig-sree, Fishuy; f Sr. P. BirolghtOn. Foll: cit-r. 4 Falo-snaro at ue Mrt; nd t Mr. Edwin Fox's offices, By order of the Mortgagee.-First-rate lIxves uen, in capital Weekly Property. R . EDWIN FOX wtill SELL by AUCTION, at 3ttthe Mart, on Fridlay, Jfune 20, at 32, in one lot, TWEL`E su`bstantially-built IIOUSF.4;. sitiates and being Nos, 21. 22. and 23, Horace slreet.1 Noi. I to 6. New Veilimsgtou.e-ae an o.22 3 n Freeholds,atGaeed 1JR. EDWIN FOX isistructed to SELL by LXA-UCTION', at the Mat, o-n Friday,L, June 20, atl12,in two lets. TWO convenient FRtIMMt'LD RESIDENCES, very pleasantly sdituate beng os.64 nd 5. indillstret raesend. Nlo. 65 islet to a rsposihc enat a £3 pr amos,, ndNo. 65, which is of the samevals, i redy fr lirodiar orepery. ay e deed, and partculas ha, onthe remies; Sf \. L.Hanly. Eq*,rolicitor. 31, Wilso-siret. Fasbur; atthe Mrt; nd atMr. dwin ox'soffices, Edcoware-roa-I---Lea;eh'.ld Resideonce, f' occupatio oinetent. RI~ . EDWIN FOX is directebyte Asines to ittSELT, by AUCTIOV, a-t tb~ Mar,oFidyJue2.a 12, a spacion3s aUICnd cuvrientbrick-n-ui]Lt ESIFEC.cnannl rooms, and agreeab)ly, situate,lbeing No(. 171, Propc-lce derrroad nearl.lfalda-lill. let to a yearlY tenant at 61eranmadheld at a lbw rent. 'May be viewd an atclr a nte eie;of Messrs. Ellis. Phillips idC. oIios 2 lmn'-ae at thle 'Mart;- aiid atlMr.E wi o'ofie.4.Clmnsrt,Pa . Mla_a1nimc,;stly Carved Sideboard ~representing the Anelo-Frenel and Turkish Alliance, unique in design, elaborate in execution, anid sinciusaliod as a speelu,en of th art of wood-carring: also various oilier specimiens exhibsfted at th Society of Akrts, for which the first paries were awarded.- V~f R. EDWIN FOX is directed to SELL ba- AUCL1JL TION.I at Robisnson's Rooms. 21, old Bond-street. onl Tuesday, June 24. at 12. valuab'le SPCIEN ofwOOD-CAlCYING. embra c- ing a bemutiful sideboard of solid oaki, 9 feet in length,. with earsed paniels of lime tree, comprehending the unidon of the.illics. equestrian medlallions of the Sovereigns. portraits of their moat distinguishedi generals. representations of the armty and navy, anid finely wrought allegorical and emblematical devices. As a specimea of,wood-carving it is pronounced unequalled. wliile as a work-ef art, its elaborate execution, be:aity7 of design, and corre tre-ssof detail,' reade,r it perfectly unique. The other carvings are 22 iinunumber,.and include the Battle of .Waterloo; 'Battle of the Bridige, aft-er Rubens; Battle of the Granicus.; Iedla adthc Sean; NysLah-B.stliing. do. Maybe viewed at the I-lace of isale privately, by orders only,. on the 21;t. anid publicly on the 23d and moGrning of sale, and eatalgiieus hadat the rooms; and at Mds.Eldwims Fox's offices. 41. C-olesoan-mveet. Bank. Inth's countv of Yoric.-Smiall Freebold Falrms --ndvalualblecoal Firld. MR. EDWVIN FOX is directed by the sus-viiinrsTrusMtoe aud!Exceiitor of the late Mis3 Firtbh, to iELL by ALT'UIioNl. at the Talbot Inn. Bradford.on Tliutrsday, June 2'.at4for5p.m_, TWO valuable FREEHOLD FA,RM%S,situiate tuthe parishu of Bradford,town. shipof hornon,andco.sty f Yok, entimingrespectirely 13i acres, and16a I. tp. wih delinghose nd uidins,called Slack Carr Fer (wichha a oalfild f fre crs),andWhtehall Farm. Particuars rayhe hd o Mesrs.Hughs. earsy. asterman, and Huges.soiciors 1. Bickerher; a te paceufsale; and atlla.Mr ltegent's-parL-Desirable long Leasehod o netmn re2na tion. ing thepark, nd in horoug repai; heldfor ani unexpie term of 60 ear ata goun ret, laybe iewd ad particulars had of H. Saurlr, Es,. Dotots-commns; a the tart; and of the auctioneer, Shiort Leasehold Crown Property, inSt. James's. j~ITR. A-LFRED COX will SELL, at the Mart, on i7J June 11 (or previously), the ca-pital brick-built HOUSE, 4,Great Rtyder-street. with hack IPrenisiers adjoini g. all held for 21 y-ears re- mann,adallet oni lease to responsible teniants; yielding ~fl24 per anu l,s fevery de4nectoio. Particulars fromn the Star t, or thte aucetioneer's offices. New Bonld-atreet, and Upper B s%ker-street. F,e=ter Hlouse snd Lond, nearEpoLie 1%AR.ALFRE COXwill-ELL,on the 11th Juof RE . lJ. o Loge STEV NStd stn ding S E,Levte in itsTown' gatdensan lrand,Roorace. frehl wig-thrextensiventpgrosent, aHSDApte fore Q agetlIpemansamly. and wM RAItcOach-hrouse Jtabva, ao d mAn's room apGRtANDIshi RA PartcuasfolabF. Ces Esmei. Moergd3sato-street Mesr. PArse an Pml ollect,ion ofn's-tun-telgh; PatSd the auctioneier, Ne-donatum-urtreetsrcpers Bakper-t-rest oun ao, aclai gu'Htm anldsom M anune , Cattleya ILlhtar itmeon, aKent. , n 6Man. ALFREDm COrnum X .ayieivSELL, on the momth of sae und caaorue beohand.pictl ol RSDNE eahd intv ce,Orchi7,anea theiralystation, wihcamnfes Ba -er-street.~~~~~~~~~~cer ofLmR R.hsgra Room.D IV, KILSNg-steet rciven-adein,trutHiS onAs Junes.atyIJpreciselyt2,anh IMRORNTATION, hlddiec from thaeo HA~ NOPcSiS GRANDrtmLoRAf,r3 searco taiu riumn. oftatridlestsuaissima &.Als a nial clletio ofestblihedplats of ahepresdelvavlren Odortnmpucpccsens I.apennr,meruosu maor, accoplbion, r el~-gns. ngracismebnreum. c My beviewd Ponthe iimornin of sale and catalogues had.ng'sroad OhodmnTrchid, anrwooportation fromlBrazil. ALFRJ.. TEENSwLlSELL bysth AUhonou ato £T. hi gea Room, s. Kecivedg- istretCosuct-godns to-morrowy AimTI10, at1o'lc parec'seyly. onTu&4yue da4, msses2eerbimortled of Lthe atxecth-sina. andi semda.Cmatessaeximept,lepecerosev.oandlma ci)beESata. GMitsa MriL,adbot2 of the beertd O'.Autifi Palm NorypoaErifea. Mutay be viewe touathd pudaypro and atprsornt of sle,s andth Tot h Bag n nrewes,n trsliads. Teland ofthers, lehE nal 70yea u.eALFred. WLO a rhrniseu e cbueiledtingetabesru tion t..frompthe Excto orsnlto SELd bynt AUThiON iprant pGoprtsy iso tooesday,usie24 ato 12eted GROch LEASEpio. Theldadrgectfrome hthert darneustbeof No frthaeton.fr 3earse tbegrun,opofsthtwelestablisheen Clrknw a hegrun rnto only£0d u ofN thel S resLL e vyAlUe byth amietlrwersthoDseraleasee has ldustexpied.Priuaso tos G2.elyrlae, olh-toen; Wandwofrthe auctone r 20 t , withoutresrmc, a mbthenWialandwaern,b ltWeo-hu,LL NGr-HOoS, clsetoathe C rystalg ton-tret, alw WIh LSOaNtn the ehasmter4topnrour to AUitIOn, watsh-hrouse, ontOTuedgay,dJne4 at1. byeI forde af thexie tExeciofri5 uneass a accepabl g offe rbento 03 prviusy adea.)theL beA anewd,GandWI ofrt the celebrat tedPie Gog OD andINN, Norwood,b7 togetier with ettheofimmens rangeofrthoaesigfr40hoe,eetda an outehlayo marnyitoure d p1ounds, P andat, present Bons leiaset thess lA.FINNIS wvil SELL by AUCTION, on the PRFremises, 17, Hart-street, BbGoemsbury, on Wednesday. Jun e11 at 12. the HOUSEHoLD FUP.NTrrRE. comprising four-post an_d iron bedsteads and excellent bedlding, winged and other wardrobes. chests of drawers, rosewood chairse co'mcbes, and tables; two pedestal sideboards. a, set of dining tables, chimney glasses window curtains, carpets, kItchen requisites,.and other effects Mfaybe viewedon TuesdyCaalogues, had onx the premises; and of Mr. Finnis, auctioneer an aur, A5, Great Russell-street, Io me nury. Paperhangings Chimneypiecee, Brushes, &c. R.EDWIiN WI1fITE -will SELL by AUCTION, MAea without reserve, at his Rooms, 170, Bishopsgate-street without, ona Wednesday, June 11, at I for 2 punctually, a large soa elegant asssrtment of PAPERHANGIGS both of French and Englis manumfactUre, in ri,ch dlocks. golds =an satins. chintces, damaslx, and others. in manifold beautiful n~ierstisms about 10 chimney-pieces in statuary and veined marble, several stone chimsmey-piecez; a few painting and other brushes, a two-barrel chamber organ, and a 3-ft. firepro rnbookcase. on view day prior and morning of sale, when caaousmaybhe had, St. flrlavel's, Gloceesterahlre.-Frechold House and Gardens, with 17 ,Acres of land attached, 1~JTSSR. G LLEBTLY and Co. aercie n sLYehrctlona from the owner to offer for SALE, at Garraway's, Tomoorrow, June 10 (ualm an ac-eptable offer is preriously madle), a yvaluable FREEHOLD. compriging homse and garden, with 17 acres of a or and arable land, in high cultivation, situate in the parish of St. ~ravel'g, in the county of GloceMr, five miles from Lydney Station on the Sooth Wales and Great Western Railway, about midway between the townms of Motunoutha and Chepstow, about. four miles from Abbey on the banks of the Wye, and 1s mile from the vilage and parish church. The market town of ('.leford being within five milles. The residence is a compact detached homse. the frontage. in-- eluding this wing,, is 74 feet, sad comprises elegant entrance hall (Ifift. lon). two reception rooms (one,23 ftbyl11,to ichn, dair,paty an eellara, (slt oni one dloor.) four best bed rooms andl closet ton the second fleer), and all very lofty, two smaller bed rooms and separate. stairs, stables, coach-house, and man-servant`s roomn, good she-ds, pi-- genes, and suitable out-budig~,a large walled-in garden. The catat istite-fee ndlan-is~reecmd, heland fronts the road and adjinsth matisa,Thebuidigs re f tonead hare been ereced ithi th las eiht yars Thee i an hunant supply of goo waer osn5. lao t th hose,whih tands on an elevation, andhas deighftj viw ad seney, ncldig that of the iron bsidge ove th Wr, Tis roprtyadjinstha ofSir Willoughey Ilooke, .Thec i als a oodcottge n th lad, artiulas an plns bo b l Inrnery.-'1Wyattgv. Haalewood,"-Leas-ebold Estates, in Wyod ha-sreb,Oelab d-plame York-buriiuigs, Great and Little -York-plac," yntn-qae foesning a Plortion of the EAtate of lbs late Edmund Watems Esq; -I R.-C. IWRBER-begs to motif~y that the SALE of The.Marylebenea Losebol8.Estates oomprixee-Nov. 19'T32, 33 34, asqd 3d, XWindbao-istroee. Bry&nison-squXre; N& 4,. Cu'' erarjd-ple New-road: -no. $. -Y 'Xbuibldilgs:; Nso 27, Great 'York-piace; and Little York-place. The whole bingt well let to highly respectab;e tenaintry, Adle foir uinexpir'edtleansor varionusduration, aemall grilound rents, forming sound inveitinent& The yremnisaa may be viewed. by leave of the zrepective tennutsK and pariculars, with Contitons of sale, obtained (10 days prior to the, sale) at thsoMart - of Mr. Isimey, 30. Southamsuton-bueldhigs, Chancer-lane'; of Messrs. Lyon, Barles,. and Ellis, Spring-gartl2ns; of -r.' D. Fossl6- 24, Broad streseiboildjogs. st-r.dat-theaurtrou.otofees, in-Warwick,-court. Gstys-iusi - - in Chanucery.-" 1Wytt;r H- aalewood."-VaLuablo Lieensied Fi'uli- bouAo. and Assembly Roome, -let to 'Messrs. Goding,, Circus-street, New-roAd, addkig~on, aud,-otler FkopDerty cunL'guous, in the saMe street. ~Jj. C FU BJ3R ivil SELL by'AUCTION., at AvL te Mart, on .Tuesday, June 17. at 12 for 1, by order of the Cou of hancry,a vLoable PIROPERTY for InTeatmnent; cam- 0edoranunepRe trm%,ia mllErondbynts.The1reiss,atty be vewed sad atuenhdsy oJtuned17 at V o ,bvodro the Mat o r.Iimey 30 cit ;-n t he uctonoffces i Wawic-curt,Garst imhldo In- hanery." Wytt a. aewea.'~bsuehaatte,-Mart Lseodnvestment, A/RC. FURBEE will SELL by AUCTION, at the AVl Mart. on Tuesday, June 17. at 12 for, byorder o the drctour ofto CurofChancery, the LE bSEHOL al RESLIDEG-1IUE, 8,RdforESpUae, situatellandube, aing 25, rlett.n-stzeeto Brenawitgsfthe, hich lest tpeo reabect-vabetzena thelwrnto2 perannumn,and isheldirhrelforftrmk ane-arly yutears pfreec flrosrent.aricul arshmayt beoatatrtIre Mart; Sofuthearipon-ussldincitos iatery-ted in thi mesaeas aboe Eadvertised; cind atnth atzesuction office inWqrVick.court..(ray's-inn. -ul In Charcry.-" Wyatt V. Hslewood.-TrcsehIdHsoase.-ShiechareIn Smllvestment. j~JI~ C FU EER illSEL byAUCTION, at the Toteds-, une1. at 2 f Y orrder o the diecio oftoe Cour of hancry1tIreetsFortOccuat.ionWSCr 10, triedatplce R.ssllsqCr. hicER isse onlesetora tenanto offter hgeto respettaiity at 1 per Iannu, and iusheday forute reatIdfuleofas tprm aoiLa grsound ofby. priat oe csnonly et tiewe ubye rmisOUn of thLenant,.f anhal urhe partnin igculers otie atMMSE the MReet; o M.remy, near. facnuthemlrto-tebmiins Chititoneey-and:o Mesrsbi adaptnd BarneabandElloius. ran-arene;ofblir. en. TFosPce,i2, Broad-sPtretet-uidings ctitlling atpense auction obies Warwyedick-ourt, o tlaye-inn,atrctv ProPrtia L thi fahi mabll reIt s eshl nvestment.ti FURBerakd mngteRfrtcas w whiSE leby AbCTiOn , atpe ite Maarto e oen Tuesday. Juned t7. ath attfort.on oreof thoe Ceious of .bering 2t,eonetitsrowthisfashape,bletlou Mr. Thunry, t£ earcuneld Totpraourerpyu istequl ofabgoundryent,Maytbe viewed, andarticna-s lad condtaioneas osaleobtial ntve.mss tth at tda rftusRece,D'nt-street.-For Occuadeo oerpInetmrenat,~ppln JR. C. FURtBER iasbe instructed to o SELLo cmpti tin AUTIO,o the Meat,onmTscl, 8 Gnaf17.-atreet on nles peziouay deispesed of bye priat,oexcontract)th Maiabume r011340 LEASEol ofte thouase COmm'TE.dIecTorters.ttESIDSES 3Ca Tbedrent-stee,ndearly facing wtheu Poyehic inttuin andadibl o iadtapted, forualhank mw rji nsrnestable,rswosfishent. The fremines are thel daituoo, and a a trrifinge. efsa mihtn boepeesIsdboareatFint one o thlesmost fatmetv proeries tAti ahoable s-essf'rrirt.n Ass ca leash inveomektmient thisrr taybhes ranked& amngte bet rdst-clnass,whied cbusiness puremposiesi cano ber tDuoorhihl icmmendg taogteatntio wadofes thosesiros of .w esh aring theopelt ofhthids fasiotndablev lounge,The rmisesgare boldfotresansuaextrd ter ofua apputn70geas,o anta roadre-hlnt. Ptariculars prnd conditriong of sale,obainableonrithve premloges;a thed Marthe anda thses ndathuction offices, in Warwick-court, Craa's-Inn Groceto-ersreer, BaTad-r aTh oent toraiturderandh ApHing- anut gil shuites,arearonsol dandth PitTaybles,unobe Glasse, msagn-y bisiHonoi C hnelir Mandr oftheie CabinethCtae PianesofortBealgis Syrrnd,-Bylr HARLS been IZ tnetauctdonSeLLapobye for the pups, on the Premise'Rr, in Grhetoi-strfetondon,WenTesas-, June th 18. atday fof J2uprsIsey,o accut 1 of thIume ofki lts, aftenocon- seqEc ofithe lease ehprg(ecping atbouusne-ay)th 22hol of the valu -abl ofCOx'enh'TlS of thisSeSoEntyE. GeTheuriawdeagrand rheetownroofNev.entso" erhlfithe mine fromGlycilterpaabrloestothe,bayd roeaW wandui-popriatorosesnd centre hand osen alwables,tzE4 bodor wrinumg tobject rocteo sites. Thae omttinrges.o h tgro n Albar cnonsis lof. a' hadsepStrdes Uton.idpoa,Setemoti telescope-ram dfWorgcabes,tets of chairstan easychticer apintedoro lether librarye tabes bohursday. th thebs a7 oJndneondar5be camee frs are suppinted afth erryo, comfot,l incehudin maehoganyowardobes,ichatei ers ofraw-t Uptosand aforenaih bedstafiead, gardne,gosetfather beds hairandouool mAttrsses and the l usua appteendages ofn etrau. ncte-hl aondyo Gtairca chin, bloss,d plate aricles. ox, Fiand the w0hdale of thugner 85,altr2efori3 fcorki the srants'moffne, an numerols Meadect. Mabivee the paihotoday plreieranhmrning- lof sal, and aescriptivea cmactalogeehold onthe prons rises,o andwetlintheucione offdices,i Wotarwick-rust, Cray'sann.esv Glocseseand,cnan4aSr p oorcetehiemabouts,aat toanOder of the paigh o Mnhisonhapour the M stersofiteRol, inTher cibearesof-rledbagainsto frThe purpoise, attenAutionen Mart, and th city of Lonwdon on Tuers-na day,rthen to7thedyo Junent. 18nd ath premfort 'cltc in the abernooned Ton E tiosi~cabea(mitthiete ofGchabe,ofthe2O f thero towns of Newent,and ih- ie rmGaetr aslt te l rector leandimroratdor,kan sohiitohs hra's-been awarded ates440 par annum Haub.jet toteswevenc-ers' Cornaeysrag; es. r.Bl,c n Ale-s,inaoe;lot,ratMthes Stairminn. Upt, ope,on-upon-een athe ornt ofWorCester. beyors Higdof'ru g the auctioneer,apitdfrteproe Upto afoMresaid, with offices, iadn, W tawlils, and. coach-honesonon tSr,lb Psaiond Mr. Higm oune id ay,th 2th dayof Junie, 186, andIt2for Govesernenie slt C ,ontrcor st2 an ompas.Stctfreehldanttt, consIstliengtfa dwing hoaeoseN. buldings, conttage,torde, o,admao lad,cntinn PEA.r ips ordeteh peabous,ptoriyd,i the SaEis ofy MichnAmpTen, Gocetbeleraise,ThermowllesresNe-roed iddngmorro Th 'edpremisesmentined ind lot and 12 m3h ay,be itwhdonih persona applicatio toe thrertealcntrts,uanderthe premines atUonemay belviewedC oeng aoplctiondt Ma lasis,ucooper, ofUpton, Printedoparticulas- and coandition of salermay beiha pgrats. atd thegeambringof thexcapiterl thbolls an baolls-yrd Chnean ne;000 sofkbic~ Messr.gTho.DJneg_s and stons, wofughtilandstio apvil%Bedordro. London, sopic-itrds;o D Mst.r Misayle anewd Crndtoek solicitors,ngrafy's-inn-suare;ogMess. Hbanell and Hun. Neaew nfowell-coTooert,Crey-treeot; Mesrs.l l"c n grcett.o51, Linloln'sey-inn- uiesnesss Phpi n ,3 rys Cur.te F anmods ohers.TefSordcMsss ThasadLei,To e oRetr. PE4-KrEyis andeofeMl btigs the aucitioner, Worcstr SaePbty e AU TIONm oJunte de and4th toi Juilned,th aund 12t,Ta G,i overnmltentCSTOaCto daaned bothersSola Pat n ni ientsinu Tradfie ofiMr. Carisle. contractor. prpaedflo.n inAX difforden eredpereptrlytoSLLb ash Wednoesd aoany,Juned an 11.a varity1 ahdy ihu hes resrve the sievedral cornntrctsauner n teaCmosinrsfhesI b2iein copetd anda larg eaoe ntitoffcs 4RAI T I .oolhyes . dSsuhw gle untoS, loutws,re 10.UI80tfeet,embad bu 1.8 tes buildr.'PcARts seealtosan freedtowlu tree byss dryCplaNs, stn,wogt and AcU ast iron anvils,dac.Juneall upard or 580 Isis.b Mayder ofweo the 9mthondmrnn of Msale, Bo~ adecatsegd e T ObtEained aODM.Pek' oSTATES, , cToley-streets Z3. onthw dek,Crs-te, . Jrange-sa, SouhwrkoandsNsy.-54enjne 57lng Sale5, HUI-thethreet Fgha-~ eatrest lelrveTiBidrs.rd Cabduinetmake~ssrs,Wenthlrofhs3 perireoadn' Cutheterns, and patheuln-Th Sbtockedof Messrs. Eldadeeand Robingonn timbe mercants,damanged by pire, .i - jR.PE AXE is oderectd byte:rothetortoa STeLLan orD.byACtgaor to thEL PremUCIses a.thr, on Thursday, Jn 2 t1 o promep ardfoingI 01indiuren thcness lare uatiteo smatligh,. aSuhwflo ahoganyFande gro s varity osf otriuvseflmanteorial. lF . FE'AKE is directe toheL byot fAUCeto S ,L bypbi UTO,at the Acin atao hrsdy JnTune1 un1, at 12.nlt, b inde lofthe Executors of Mr. JondBoh eesd W LEASE-OT SATSo deiLal)eSTTS ealcon. ituateingth Nbov.e 3 lo4,t and S.tCrosssree;~taSte Johnt%n di Sntwarmostnd Nos.ei.tst,ateof57,andr. ThilstroeetyFiar-l heldtfo therm oftyears. at loderae ctsptaystbekvinwegb teinomiveion of thetnnts, Prcuand wieticuorditaionedofsaMe,srstaSeeofanGdeRoinso, Esoqcior,I,soiPao. erih-stree,S. Lohn'rd,eSeuthwrk and at Mr. PeoeakIs's esuctio fes. 44, Tooe-stret, SothraerSotwak Commc pi en,and reeoutdwand -Frehold and Leasehl sls il R PAXE is odereced by the Mortgagees and LtlMorlgagor to SELL by AUCTION , at the bMart,o Thursday, iJune 19. at 12, in lets,varLiousFEEHOLESTTE compriasingthe wholeyofiDorsent-terace,i GrentatrDoer-rand, otberwart alof a Foree-h hrolndPropry iut nBelyhl,Bolyents. Particulars,wteniinoslot:ooIE oBatndome atan, Esq.soetr,,27solicitors.93,lark-ane ot, ILGde.ji, unq., soeq.o, slctr Geerge-yard, Lombard-street: o W., B. Troledm,~ Esq.:oi slcitor. 27, Sa hlslas:a tnie'sHasnnbhsehrt n 'atr Mr.Sran Peskr Pekes officsfrte ipsl fette,4,T ore-treet dspolouthwaudettsr4ke,tee ot~ BReme.n EhDSeht winlhlcut ofL Kent AndCTheIOrougthios ontewark,-Freeh ornro letsre and Leseol ntaesefry-inesten Tor o- ra E volm E is omdere bOK y copte iIgrt0agesen to SelL.bo inaplots,oseveral,FREHLasal)andecLEASifEHoLD ESTATES,gofhea desiabl chaactr.stune intheabov loalties,;l e tyonrspectables mens. artculrs,wit coditonsof ale otzrainedo ant. Gude, nn:,~ Eeq, solcitr. Gorg-yar, Lobar-stret;ofl1. ;B. E hsedoge,cal. soliito, 2, Nihols-lne; t fhe uctonMatTiesHadn, Chsetia: nda Sr.Pek'sofiesfo Hedsoaoflnd estate, 44,Toole-stree, Saahwa 37 2 vus. ; SS ooyers ra tro.rleon -r. ---- joontbtef' Cormmon-pIace Book, second series; eight ditto ditto, third series ; 25 Egerton's Winter's Tour in India, 2 aole. six Beppel's indian Archpelago royal 8vo.; 800 Quakerism, by Mrs Greer, 12mo., quires 240 Arabian Nights, 8ro.; 12 Koch's, the Crimea and Odessa; 10 Strickland's Rom, Regal and Republican, 8v,o. 12 Turnerelli' Karn. 2 vole. two Middleton's Dramatic Works, by vyc e. ; 500 vole, of Jones's Diamond Claosics, 4Smo., cloth gilt; aciculating library of novel and romances: andthesurpluiscopiesof newnovelsandother works, from a west end library. To be viewed, and catalogues bad, The Remaining Copie5 of NetherAlift's Autographs of Royal and Dis- tnguished Perons, with the Zinc Plates and Copyright, and 15 Copies of Autographs of Illustrious Women of Grest Britain, &c. it 1R. HOI)DGSON will SELL by AUCTION, at his .LY_ New Rlooms, the carner of aleet-siret and Chancery-lane. during the month of .Tune,tthe REAtINING 1m 0 COPIES theZinc Plates, and the Consrighties NoETHERLFThs AUTOGRAPHeS of ROYAhLanr DISTIeGUISHED PERSitog NS, from the originauin the British rg unseum. and other public collections. COmprising 100 facsimilesoforiginal letters, specinens may nol be seen, and catalogues ares preparing. Important Literary Propeety. M ;ra HOD GS ON has received instruoctions irom the the Propal tor to SELd by AUCTbION, at rin rooms, lowner of Chancety-lane and Fleet-street, in the ensuing month, the RBlt Pin-e INGSTOCE; conapsting of abont 1,5E0 eopies of the lttter-press only, with thrcopperdandl telplel, lithographic stones and wooslctsof Teedgold on the Steam Engine,3e ole, large 4toL . sell aX £9blOs. wi,t, which wilibo offered in one lot. to. Tredgoyd's national work on the Stean Engtne, foundedhon scienific principles, and compiled from the iractioo of thebest makers. has commanded a mtout extensive sale i- the seaseral editions, and it is cap3bli of being reproduced at a lowler prico to the publie, thereby insuring a stel larger circulation, Printed particulars are preparin, and specimens of the work mat y noC be seen at Mfr. Hodgs_n's oSbices. In Bankrnptcy.-Long Leasehobld, near r;anonsury. c ltsonse. MESSRS. HASLAM and BJCKuonD are iJ-o strutted by the Assignees of Mr. I. B. Peaces,af bankrupt, with the concurrence of the MIortgagee, to SELL, by AUCTIeON. attholdart, on Wednesday, June83., valuable LEASEHIOLD ES&TATE, either for Occupation or investment, held for amexpirod terrns of 97 yeass, at low ground rents ;consisting of foulr substantially-balml eight-roomed residences, being Nos, 31. 34, 35, and 35, in the Oxford-rend, Islinglon, let to Messrs Stedman, Wheeler. and others, at rents amounting to £172 Per annum; also Four well-bnDlt eight-roomed Residenses, held for a similar tenn, being Nos, 26, 27, 28, and 29, in the Cambridge-road, -lolinglon, and of the est.imated annual vaue or £{180, Miay be viewed by permission of the tenants, and paBrticulars, i vth conditions oi sale. hadof John Markrell, ESY., solicitor, 34, Canaan-street west: Job Conwvoeth, Esq.,, slicitor, 12, Hatton-garden: or of lSlexsers Ha,313m andb Buckhnd, auctioneers and surereyom, at Rta5ding, and 89, anssn atretweet city, Commercial Sale Roonm. 41,ywrirgdo_xtret, one dmorrsmHauthor -Stock ef Statjoeu-r ,1T3' BeziW 's'' mner,&c-bo. lute anit uneevd 0 .~ 3MEsSR8. GREEN 'And -SON~ Wil BELL by-A-dC2.tb tthirBo as abase To-morow, June 111, at 12 for I.th-geuiune STOCK of~AI'RY Brlnwoarn m"O3gerY. *&tA of lre-ns, 400 doein of co2reo an'j tea cure Masins, st of t,ilet aervicee ±ttremoTed from 13itterera forcomvecence" of sale. On 'e oi~ sl'e. Cataluegnee bad at the rooms, anid at thesue- ama's resntlyoccuied b tha emient hyuiian,b the late;D Clutlrbur,.ThThyed.wg he Mdica PThe rsioen,Pebis partn: pauses anatd fotr a by oed ro the Remerutor. h mgci sio dSiros:of com K randtSOen 1hrbwill SL To A C maluoabl LaStIg of tSa noble an iWid maaij ptSdeSCE. TI,ne CPreent,s beiw roidn-sraexte tcrnsiv, arecentely zupited bytheblate or.mCluttrbfuck.wocodce thereon. fob r ntilessaeradbeo o0 yars.a st arlow aedal.e forae vhyieia,ed any daembeir to the medicald partis. entlre had on the promises : of S.W. Johnson, hEsq., solcictr, 5, Gray'oinn-sqiiare; and at thie auctioneere' esficea. 13.1latton-carsten, S00once ofPlae. ine. Wne± vauabe Mdical Library, and Effets f te lte r.elutebc. re of the Executor. MESRS.GREN ad SN wllSELL by AUC- ILLTION n the Prmises, on Wedne-sday. Juxne 13, andI follo in day a 1 frl ac dy.tbh capital HOUSEHOL'D leurxIrrurn coepriingwaer nd eaterbeds. mattresses, bedding. malega fourpoe andothr besteds,chu-ot of drawrers. dreennggl3ases, warrobe, wahatnds,eas eis,grand 1pisnoforte. mnusio et.nds,.rosewoo drwin rom hais,conches, lo tables, pair of rooewood card tablj, hirneye ses,lusres curtains, bagatelle thoard. Turkey and lrseecarpets, ruga, 300 Ounces; of plate, plated artiles,x muabogany sideboardLs,diniug room chairs, mahegenyTdinilngtables, ineokI pit.. tugs, pair of Mantou's duelling pistols. bracket and sideboardclcs dozen ofwine, iucludin,gfne id Port,Slierryr,Hock, and Bu.rgundy,u als the valiuable medical library. consisting of ubout 00O volumnes, in"Iuding many rare and standamd works. May- be viewed the day ,rior ansI suoraing of sale. Catalogues had of S. W. Johnson. Faq.. solicitor. 5, Gray's-iun-square; and at the auctionerers offices. IS. flatten-gairden. Waniehans. rrey,-DeWihriF ceh k~Villa Rezidence, for investmnentor occupationwih5aee of Land. within It rnila of a railway sWtaton; lso a PieeoFehl Laid, eligible foib-ilding. MESSRS. GEEad SON will SELL by AUTC- theT Mart th on Mbonday. June 16, at 12. (unnIt previously disposed of by private contract.) a detached F5REEHOLDs VILLA, ItESIDENCE,-known as aItion-hillLodge$Windleshans,Sarr-er are- tiedstituatioauanclhealthydittic,a short daire from Windaor'Ptorest,, and within 1' mile of the Sunnring Dale Station, on th-e WVotingbam Branch of thsSouth.-Western Railway. The resideacois in perfect repatr.'andcontsinuslO rooms, withthe usual out-hious-es,stal.liung, di.; standing on itsown grunds ofabou.t 3taeres., which arein ahigh stat.e of cuiltivation. Also, a Piece of Freeholo. Land, about an acre ini extent. cootiguons to the above residence. eligible f or buildLng ther'-on a detoched.villa. having a frontag-e of 216 feet to tLu road, on zhe rise of thehil; ter te hihlyprduciveorcar, ad tutndis well stokedwit tiber Paticlar ma bebadat he itat;of Mr. Messrsand Anrews, aghot of Mr H, Ba r,srveyor, ra-te, ton-carden,~~~~~~~nn S To ?riateFauilis, in Merchns otkepr, and others.- 400 dozen splendid old Por Wine and 4 doen chocicold Browrn and Pa!e Sherry. jESSRS. GREEN andl SON -will SELL byAUC- .L7,TION. at the Auction Mart, on Monday. June 16. at 12 for I precisely, 4(0 dozen splendid old POIRT WINE, and 45 dozen of choice old Br sen and PalE -Sherry (guaranteed genuine stock and of fiue quality), of Thouipson,'s, Sandemaen's, Martinsrse. and Fon,eca's shipping, 12 asid 6 y-ears in bottle, now ly-ing in a v'ault in the city, and from whence it will be delivered.' Thewine is of Tery fine quality,goDA coilour, and in splendid condition. It wil be sold from sAniple, and the bulk guaranteed of equal character to that tasted, Messs.- Creen and Son beg pasticulaxly to call the attentionk of their friends to the sale of this genuine stock of really fine wines, as they can 'With the greatest fonfidtnrerecommend itto them. Sample bottles will be aunt upon proper applicathin., Maybeotactdmssr,iLg of sale. Catflloguej; badtat thel art; and at theauctcienreeroffices, 19. Hlatten-:gardes No. 33.Yesuterae Stoke lfwingtnr-lSpro oshl Furnt.dure, 6)-octave Piano orte, MulPacton re agaeto Harness, anid Effects.-Absolute end unre-ervedSaebydrcino the Executori of Mr. John Pringle, deceased. ~IR. PETER BROAD will SELL by A'UCTION, Hon the Prenisea.THIS DAY. June B. at 12, tbe genuidne MOUSE. HOLD FURINITURE,.e,rnpeising m:ahaany and other bedsteads. clean bedding, linen, wardrobee, chests of drawers, and other bed room requisites, Brussels carpets, rugs, brilliant late chimsaey.gl&Ss mahogass chefonir, rsewod Io ches. ad oter tablez, rosewrood 6).- Maidstone.-Household Fuarniture Stock and Effects of a Grocer.- Absolute Sale, by direction of the Aseignees of Mi. Honey, a bankrupt, RA . PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, J3Lon ie remses 2.Wee-steet onWednesaday next. the 11th ins., t 1. te 'hoe o th EFECTI;comprwisig useful houisehol fuitue, he ealstok o a rocr asiprovision merchat,. togetbr wih te whle f th exellet lxturs ai tenEts In erade. Catloges n te pemies;of esss. ~ty -and lPotter, 3. Kingstret. Ceaptde:W. ennel, Eq.,offiialassignee, Gulldsall- .;mrportant and extensive Foreign iVine and Spirit Sale.-To Gentle- mnen, Merchants, Captalus. Shippeie and others.-Aboolute Sa'e of first-class Wines, lying ir the cellars of an eminent City Wiino Mlerchant. PETER BROAD wrnl SELL by AUCTION, 1Y1P4a the Auction Mart, on Thursday, June 19. at 12 furl,. the SEC-OND PORTION of the choice and genuinie STOCK of afirst-rate -WINE sEiICiIA2YT, comprising 350 doz, very flue old Portrmany yeas rnnotle tur ec IShrry oli o gok, choic Claretf. Capge andoterwies lqurtr-ass hery SELL, ito. thde andsIuste-raka f fnePor. 6qoatercasa rand, 10caes 10hounds. bu-ean etrd.1h winesE in woo may be tasted, SELL syAmple R EO R BNS N wilSEL on the Premss7.!redn`Hr ritrod kimrm-sdt 4,UsprAlaystet To-morrow. ue1.a Ifr2 h m uner HOth at OL FUR12pNcTUally tcompUiaingT I ofseas tbeddiffermant ganyrtebets 1,00 draers, c,fcooks incluoding th ucyxlepeedisofritannica, aquantityome iss, c.S-rbe viewed the dayino prier, and catalogues hait at the aciDZ of1res 21, omdBstnd-st,elrevet. N are.-I osmsbpifradcri awtay on-The ay ofsalure,.DsrbeFehl Poet,ltt MR. CRSARLES V. BAEd WALL SreLLrete by AtC- TLL IOi.tonstheSPrMises, 7TI. Ch,ve tonGrif,fidgHoelra, lingdninersaost, o-mor~trowy, June 10. at 2 for 32, thei moelIos,liEitOelgbl FREEHTURE;Scomprisingabedsntheas beddig, o Wahtnoany chaesto ehimey-gasse. rsewod drwin rosn mi d,Mansome cbino et wth he iewd te e~n ofsal, nd ataogus aid oaUf thesueuienror 21, llfotcoinb-stre ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ te Gifin Walton-orcn-th-Ameshivhly.-especable PFreecholPrioperty, Wluet to u SprtEstblis tenats,el producng aoremntayo £12 a bear. f h 1lJESSRS. rPILDWSand FALLIIFre diaretdibycthe 1yea rus,teesutoiSELL pbl-Ac 01 ITION, at teGifnHtl GatrwaystonWedn-Taes,aon Jsune .at-2, Jn 14,s atnfo 3.in' nble olote, an reigible FRdeEHODiat contrTa,stuathe inrthe vlualae LAof o Walft-ous-Tares cOmrFOisigCs 1AtoM 5 amiablr-place,dlet thornespecabl tenantsatrt breers oandwleaste, t,B6prtn-crescandt, heoltitsManorhue, fret toe tenrrants at weeklyirnt'als,Maylbed viewed cand parTicurnlars hadyo Edwad Carke Eo,, olictor 29.Bedordrowntofge. Richards.tIs, KRgson;l andst of Plcewsa andWallvernoute, Lonwodo, and Ct-A'sa-er rodHurrey. rztr,FxupzGsles EkntnsPltdGos China, crkereu,AhGlass. ndosisetaole Pubic-hurs, andr Wriis gm SpirytEsabllsther cuIt,wll know f ngfrmavnygeas C Eibeian ias, ofthe betof itobs kn iatnthi deagle--bl & atoC te.trp .IESS DAIELD n CROINTiistuctaedb dtrected ye.-l,t submit o r.ThompulisCMPserstI ELI UTION,.tCaewys uon Whednrems-e,a bv.ooday, June 13 t 2,aunes anacptbfoller beoreviousay madeo bypIeate dy cotremact)temtruly rallnuaeuLaSt for fifty Ears. fUromad-daUlst at aop dgnmoerotesrent, with posaresso, fofrItH rnORFLK ArMS.an andmIranblytacdA atnth cortrner ofrLehighsreetd sand sandwich-nstre, Bopest aon-recnt, an shoartedistanceOf romth exeew-oa, itgdardronbunrivlled inthe ualapoaintm.Tenteeis are40 veycoammodious Thave danig unusuletn cof ferontge buming aboutrise feuet.oand aetsngof ordrbbough ndoutli,cauitrma s..teelbg assertedoo that,nyd sofeomtall unitsudiCiouDotlay,th proeasent ecebrllenttrdelaye beinicreygased,touanginmgsthulmite Brsexteant.Ma be virewed eight diays',pis.to thne scln fale,b lapi ant hlecallrdsywih wid therparnticulas, mlaybed obdaineisin offtheaaantisse1rs, Oaurg-pace spoos- road. Pati- Houehod Frniure Fiturs, aseier, Ekiother' Platced Goodss, Chin, Crcker, Gass.handomeColosaligues auxt eresse gal-is -andRutDan IE RO I nldnaoeies izdFnstructlejdby te, inon-o theLstgospoftMr.g dithomas Masters-do, it to SELL y 0UCTION uon theoPtesnpserus Labov, on Moda,iunchl and~t fosesollowinge bd,ads-a 12ofulieac day, th=eI moe andweoll-manufacturedHctoUSeHOL FU onITs to submpistg noumeroUsTON matoghesyilared, four-ost,o deFrnh,araia, n ironOL bedsTEdS andth kuiturem, hnoreai and;h othes romattreissesnfther bntedsf and edig mabfadthe b'hnigd3ricsraot staekngdsoamttngsearptets mosahoganyitn mapeuts cfhesCotesmofraerand excellen wingeds wardoe nd thhn io eeusua pointmenPts for an0 berdchatzwmbers,h HudinIng,drawing,tnd turffieeroom funtromLlecomriseo Up'ganumru.eso 13shognyand3r h fotmer cairs,mfextnan dining,e lotter and romf'eeroon Mtables, sdbards,t brookass larget bTorillianTpat chmdouney glasses,iso7nging cairs,hBrussels Sandiother carets,8day:t dio, tals cost fineaolecio of.,isi pauberfgallrery,andaotherllpaintins; plated.m gro d,s, onssng ofteadats coffen vewun. ponhes,uproungs,ngc couantity,s- cutery modngEL-nrlossainedecanters -wineglonses. ac ten blema aondonumerous Drtes,heandsdairofter-machie.qThelixturesioocompis setieral gsiers ofari_ moem des ndign,brang,stewingstovles,copers cia-r po iiipe.nc.udaythe vee roadn theanda and Saturdayo pri. or,o h dayv of s~ale, an-d - -- cat-oue-hdan of-Mr.Danie Crnn autone and. Pasure, aou l~mil dstat, onainng S~acrs. ot4. The Two adjonin Paturs, onsstig of19 cre. Pstiulas, with lithn- be btind f esrs Ropr,Bich Igrm, and tor (Stiaol's-nnfieds;orof esss.Beadel and Cornwall.-Sale of Ma1nsion-house and desirable Freehold FArms. iu lots. to suit the conveniec13e Of purebaseos.-Rr Mr. W. F. CONGDON,Y on Wednesday, June 2a at 2in the afternoon, at tno Red Lion Hotel St. Colurab. in suitable and convenient lots, particulars of'which may be bad as stat-ed beow. VeryvalubleFreehold Property, comprising, the Asaiuianason-houso. known aslliarlyn-house. ard several good farina, situate in the several parishes of St. AMorryn. Padgtow. andU t.. Ervan, in the county om ornwaILl TheBsituiation of thier mnsion house is very fine ann healthy, commasnding an extensive and beautiful view of the Bristol Channel, ofsm Iue Islands, anud of the bold ansi strik-ing coast scenery. The view from behind the house towrard.sSt. Ives, St. Agnes, and Nes-quas- is also very beutiful T-he house conUlnai a good dining room, drawing room, library, hall, 13 bed rooms, and two dressing rooms;: kitchen, pantry, servaubs'-biatl. bousekeepers' rosin, cellar, and all the usual requisites of a gentlemjan's resideence: together with lawn, walled garden, kitchen garden, coach-house, and stables. The Estate comprises nearzly 1,300 acr.3, statute measure, of excellent amable, meadow, and pasture land, Ptautations, and orchards upwards of 1,OlO acres of-which lie within a ring fence, contiguous to the manmon, There are six coDmmodious farm-houses, with necessary and convenient outbuildings, labourers' cottages s.c. Thu aboveproperty isnastly adjacent to the north coast, in one of the beat agriculturat diEtritte of the county, suit within easy distanceg for market5 and fairs being a-out thTee miles from Pladstow, nine miles from St. Colnmb. nine miles fromn Wadeabridge (where a railway wilsorl u to meet the main southern line at Bisdmin), 12 miles frl som rtlwuay and 0 mlesfromTen-a.There are also great facilities for obtaisning $-eisasnd and other manures, andfor the easy shipmenmtofcorn, PotT-eaton Bay, on the nurib-eas3t side of Trerore esinle, is adm0irably fitted for a harbour, having deep~ water, and beng wel bltrd lighthouse has also been recntybrete!a _,co Hishet. r o Apm-e men rabthe paonrt Oferd Many advantages-yachting and good seA fih-'1 ing,rabitsandwil-fowl abound, aund a very little preserving insures must excellent palrtrage~ shooting. The several tonus us- toD Show the estates, Parti.culars, setting forth the lots in -li the proprlywillbe old,andgivig ads.sripionof the sa3me. mLy beha of esss. ood, Kngiens an Coton o 10, King's; Arms-yar. Moogat-et-ct, ondn; t he hie bodsat Exeter, Plymouth, Launceston, Bodmin, Camelford, Padrtost, sdhde S.Clrb
