Frma ta. LOZOADO? GAZE2TT of TdJ, Aug.* 26. RflR..TaN.._11TrfA I 'e Qleeinhas been graciouisly pleased to appoint Charles EAstland de Michele, Bsq., to be Her ajesty's Consul at St. Petersburg. The Qaeen has been pleased to approve of Mr. Samuel W. Talbot as Consul at Galway for the United States of Amuerica. The Queon has also been pleased to approve of Ir. W. T. Thom as Consul at Aberdeea for His lMajesty the Ring of the Belgians. WHITEHA , AUG. 25. The Queen has been pleased to give andgrant unto Charles Willisan Wentworth-FitzwiRiam, Earl Fitzwilliam, Enigbt of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, her Royal licensa and authority that he may continue to use the surname of Wentworth m addition to, and before, that of Fitzwilliam, and that he may bear the arms of Wentworth quarterly, in the second quarter, with those of Fitzwilliam, and that such smrname and arms may like manner be taken, borne, and used by his issue; such arms being first duly exemplified according to the lawrs of arms, and recorded in the Herald's-office, otherwise the said. IBoyal license and permission to be void and of none effect. And also to command that the said Royal cor;cesslon and declaration be recorded in Her Majesty's College of Arms. BOARD OF TRADE, WmE=HAa, AUG, 22. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade snd Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a despatch fron Her Majesty's Consi at Teneriffe, eaporting that theimprtatioi of grain and aroar is peraitted into the C onar Iugands, and that the exportation of erain and potatoes frorn those islands is prohibited for the space of six months from the l Athult. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Afairs, a copy of a despatch from Her Mnjesty's Consul at Teneriffe, stating that s.il vessels arriving at that port from lis'oon are refused free pratique, owing. to the outbreak of cholera in that city 'Ithe Right Hon. the Lords oftheCommittee of Privy Council for Trade and ?lantations have receaived, througPh th Secretary of State for Eoraign Affairs, a copy of a despatoh from Eer Majesty's Chargd d'tefaires at Copenhagtn, rzporting the abolition of the R oyal monopolyat the Faroe Islands, and stating that British vessels trading sith those islands have been laeed, in regard to dutier on the footing of national vessels. ECCLEESIAS'lICAL, COMMDISSIONERS. By an Order in Council, dated Aug. 21, Her Majesty has been pleased to approve the scehme of the commissioners recommnding that the patronage of a district or new parishrof St. Thomas,apbeth,should be assigned and vested in John Winston Spencer Churchill, commonly c-alled the MIarquis of Blandford, Sir B. N. Buxton, and others, as trustees. BWDAIML OF THE DIEAD By Orders in Council, dated the 21st inst., Her Majesty directs that no new bulaingrounds shall be opened in the disrcts therein mentioned, and more fully set forth in the saidg orders; b n, by othar Orders in Council of the same date noticeo is given that erarSin representations 35 to the closing of huriimgrounds will be taken into consideration by a committee of the Privy Couneil on the Gth of October. It is decreed by the reu ble of Mlontevideo that eertain negulations relating to pilots of March 24 are repealed, and others are substituted. WARu DE RTMet, PAL L-AoL, Aut. 28. BREV13T. CJl Fiederick Horn, B i, ot the dth Foot,to have the tempora rankeof MajUr-Genral while inco=dnando a brigade. .Slth ed by the . oan-Lrsreana-r of the County of DEVOl . .latBevon Reimentof Y omas yCavalsW .-Tdmxf d Newob an Snow to he Cnmet, vnce Newfman, promoted. North Jevon Regiment of Mounted Bifle-f Jaudeh Nixon Macrt. ney to be d.djutant Bsythe Loan-Lsx-rsr?r ci the Coun.ty of NSos.rlunenr,r-n Northumberland Regiment of Militia Artlery.-Iondy Christian Ailhusen, gent., co be Licut. PARTNESHISPS D)ISSOL.VED. ,T. and J Weeks. Rotherhithe, linendrapera-H. Lynch and 0. lake, Uuiper North-street, Caledonian-road, slington manufaciurers of pianOs.Jones and Co.. Oxford meroer-a-Mltiddietons and Cot. tom, Oldbamn. cotton-eptunems: as far as reges-da W. C4t'4m.-asn, Smith, and-Co., Memcl, and P. Mason end Co., Duhlin-Kerus Turford, and Major, Bed Iion-wharf. Uppoer Trhames-tet wAhardiogers; famo as as regards W. TrPord-loh,on and Henry Shefiteld, vice manufacture1s.-Tuer, Brothers, Waasall, groces-. *T. Jennin;B and . Epd Churchill, Orfordshiree drapeoc-ltothert and Fri6p. Brist4o. rmufacturing cng,ieer.-W. W. Webberand .le. Trn, elerlott, fomereetshlre rnmaltterar-T. porter aud .- A.. Kirb Euston-quare and n owfBlseacd r HaverrtoBe-lved" ur;geona-Vogan, Sons, and Baymond, Mlark-laue, and Do-rhead, oem-merchants; as far as regards J. Vogan and A. Mt' Raymonct-3. and W. Goodw,in, Liverpo1, wx.-chandlers.- rellamy and For, Plymouth, sa geoans.-Mod a and Robermton, heffiel,a ioiners-A. Henderson, F. l. lostd,e and F. J. Wilcoks, Bristol, attomness: as far as sesardap. J. Wlcocks-Thoms-on,Hll, Hall.~~~~~~~~~ tatt4and Henry Wheele, iroleton loesers; a fr as rewer,sJ n.W DECLARATION[S OF DIVIDENDS. 5..d .2Sttventand 3. Stowerl, iverpool, British winse merchantsofsBaddiv.ofrutcLandsirstv.of MumsltL, on newproomfs, lednesday.Oct.8, or afy icubequent Wednesday, at Mrt . M3organ', Liver o.J Ros4, St. tHelen's, iancasbisri mtiler-firt div. of 3s. .eL, Wed. nesday, Oct. , or any subsequant Wednesday, at Mr. Morgan's, B ivepooL Edwoard Jacuso,n DavieB HTinh-Street, Poplar. drapto. durrnder Sept 5, at half-ast 12 o'io.oat Oct. Itt at l, at the Bankrupts' Coart: sclitors, M we tarroff Gurdiord-stret. Wrshell-square; official as. cial ZZiee, ir. )ttmreeBos.nghairmnhal . Zenr lEne! ateof King'-street, P;oiborn, afterwards oE Coventry, Mtanchester. ana tha lfrinmea, and nowv of Belvedere-terrace, BelvedereGoad, rib.nnl-manu,actueer and licensed victnaller, Sept. 6, at half. ps 11 o'cloc, Oct. 9, a t 2r at the Banrpts' Conrtc- solicitors, fessrs. Seol, Turner, and Tarer, ASdermanbnay; of fcial asi gnee, 3mr. Canaan, Cilde,Banruzy.b Tohri Richardson. Cambridge, tailor, Spt. 8 at half-past 2 o'lock, Oct. 10, at IL at tbe Bankrupts' COurt: solictos, pMessrs. Soo, Tursnem nd Turner. ldermanburd,; oflicial assignee, Mer.chlsro.n, Charles Waters. George. and Robert Bauks, Bermondsey New-road, cotperr smet. l.l at 12 o'clock, Oct. 18, at 1, at the Br ankrupts' Conrt: solcitors, tessrs. Botham,le and Freemnan, Coleman-etreetofficial assignee, Mr. NAcholon, Basiaghsl-street. Samuel Baly. Bonurnemouth, hOtel-eeper, Set. 8, at 2 'clck, Oct. 5 14, at half- pst 1l atthe Bat rAn'Cobrte soDlstrict Cor. Stephen. NortDlumbeeald-streee, Strand; and Mar. ingdon, Bournemouth; official aignee, blr. PerelL, ulcdhlIehatber. , Bssinghil.sereet. Charles amlton Collins, Wmnches-ter-hnlldflgs b Southwark-brldgeroad, merchant, Sep. 10. at 2 olock, Oct. 8, at 12, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, r. Chidy, Gresham-street C offuial assigneek Mea. StansfeldL William Henry Wiheeler, blickleton, Gloteesterahire, brew er, Sept. 5 and 25,a haeln-past 11 o'clock, at the Birminghaim District Conr a! BakrTuptcy: soltors, sMessrs. Wsight, Birmingha m and Mr. Rea,Worceste;; offlcial assignee, blr. Yf tmone, Birmingham. GIeorge Geidgeg Birminghampainter, SePt. 5and25 at halfE-astpl1 o@cloek, at &e B2 mingham DistricS Court o Bankr,ptcye-. solcitor2, Messrs. PowelL, Birminghame official assignee, Me. Christie, Binringham. C Thomas Hlulse, Stoke-upon-Teent, innkceepr;, Sept. S and 25, at halfpistil o'clock, at the Birmigham District -Court of Bankrn p cy: . licieo,E M r. ib ven,Stafford; and hMesses. Wright, Birmingham:. offl- d~~~~~~al sire,M.b t sBrmingeham.- George Pusacrin. Tunetadl,' Staffordsie, grocer, Sept. 10 and 29, at 10 o'clock, at the Birmingham Disrct Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors. Mlr. Challinor, Heanley; and Mr. Smith, Birmingham;n official asemamee, Mlr. Christie, Bilmiagham. Thomas Perc.val endi Edwrin W'icox, Bristol, contractors, Sept. 8. Oct. 7, at ll o'cock, at the Bristol District Court of Baakropicy: solidtors, beun Brittau and Sonz, Bristol; official assignee, bIr. 'Miller, Bristol. .James Michell St. George and Westbury-upon.Tspm. Glocester, cepper smelter. dept. 8, COct, .6, at 11 o'clock, at tho Bristol District Court of Bankruptcy : solicitors Moan,. Bevan and Giling, Bristol; official asgue,i Mr. aca o Jeshun Bmnns.DnkinSeld, Cheshire, cotton manufacturer, Sept. 6 and 25, at 1P o'cock, at the hlanchester District Court of Bankrsnaky: solicitos, blesas Brooks and MIarshall, Ashion-under-arec; officila assignee, Mlr. Hesrnamn Manchester. Walter Adam Sis1ter. Standish end Pseston, coal prOPrietOr. Sept 6 and 25. at,lP @o'lck,,at the Mlanchester District Coer of Blank: rnptcy: solicitors, M.esss Ahtkinvons and Last, Manchester; official assignee, blr. Hemvsmaa, Manchester. Ralph Brady Simpson, Snnderlaud, builder. Sept. 3. at 12 o'clock, COct. 7, at 11, at the Newvcastie-upon-Tyne District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitor. Mlr. Brignal, Durham; official assignee, lIr. Baker, Sewmtle-upomc-Tne. Oct. 2, H. T. Horwood, Giffurd-street, Caledonian-roid, manufactuarer of moarble paperhanginga.-Sept. 19, B. Nikel, Gouldd-square and elsewhere, 5mporter of Thatch clocks.-Sept. 19. S. Id, Eroha, Bread. Street, Chepapide, me;chant.-ept. 22,0a Bradley, Wilmolow, Che. shr taDlor.-Seat. 19, T. Camiuthees, MFancbester oil dealer.-Sept. 18, GsS6trav;'ridge, Bristol, baUlder.-Sept 23, 4. Fsrrellt West Derby. ancsire, catile eslesma-Scps. 24, J. Ireland, Kingston}upnHll, draper. CEERTIFICATEd to be granted, unless cause ,be showvn to the con. traayon the d;y of meetig Oct. 2.G. Gregory. Whiseehapel-road and Church-lena. Wbiteeehapel. balser.-Sept. 24, Jv. Edwards, Southamptonz, watchmaker.-Sept. 24. 3. H1. Bryan. Lambeth-walk. oilman.-Sept. l9, J. Bretz, Trinity. square, Towere-bill, licensed viotualler.-Sept. l1., W. W. Baker Eastlett's-bulldsacs. toShern, and Biringha, ststmencr.-Sept, 18, C. B. Backr, Tottenham.cutroad, grocer.-Sept. 18, C. Wolf, St. Panl's-churchyard and elsewrhere, cook,-Sept. 18, T. Colo, Upper Mfall, Hammernaith, licensed iactunaDer.-Ser,t. 16. J. G. Gz Serle'sphalce, law stationer.-Sept.16. d, Styles. Puney, wvaterman.- Oct. 2, Gr. J. Green, Birmingham, glwas menuiacturer.-Sepr. 18, W. and T. Garstang, Wlgan, coal denless.-Oct. 15, T!. Wright, sa, and T. Wright, iunn,, York, taifara.
THE DAVY LAMP. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TTMF:S. "He ehtodealwithmenwho will liftup the shades of Davy lamps, and whowill smnoke a pipe of tobacco, even though death should be thepenalty of the enaoyment."The imew, Saturday, Aug. 23. Sir,-The leading article from which the above is extacted, and hEich concludes by an appea to mine-owners for the introduction of "1 any machinery which the engineer's skill can suggest," in order to avoid the re-occurrence of explosions, induces me to address to you the following note. It is taken and translated from the, last Com pte ,rendu of the inventions rewarded by the French Government. Should you think this note worthy of public notice, your inserting itin your columns sill oblige, Sir, yours respectfully. 'A. 7MANIER. | H7de-hou.e, Winchester, Aug. 25. "hL Dubrule has just perfected DavY's lamp, by establisbir.g. 2 connexion between the burner andthe shade, so that if the latter is witldrawn the light is put out. " Thus are workmen prevented from exposing them. selves to the rsk of an explosion." IdlrEBs roER TErn CoLoNy op NATAL.-Letters for Natal, w;hen not addressed to be sent by some vessel proceedfitg direct to' that colony, wil in future be- forw&rded bt way of theoCape of Go oBHope, an d wi b 4subj ect in tin cunty o te amwcu as letters addressed to the Cape of Goed Hop ,wic h ams be paid in advance. For teir cnveyace frm theCapetoaaid they Will be liale o a exra hare o deivey; utletters forwarded chaRe of ship lett<ers, anidno more. lYpon thiase letters the shplp etten ate oE 8d. per . oz. mast be paid iu adyanas.
MONEY-MABKErandigiTY,INTBLLI(7"cz.! .1. : . . .1 The quotatzon of gold at Pais s a bot 'per mUle premiura, aud the short exchange on London is 25627. per 1. derling. On compa3ing these rates with the EogBihllintl prioe of S. iTs lOjd per ounce for itandad gefl it appears That gotdis nearly 4O1tha per, ceat. dearer in Paris than in Byadvicee from Hamburg the price of gold-is 425 per mark, and the short exchaneoi on London is 13-3 per ii. sterling. - Stiard gold, at the English MInt tices is therefore nearly -4Otlis per 3ent. dearer in Hamburg than in London. The course of exchange at New York on London for bills at 60 dagys' ight. iz I109i per cent., which, as compared with the Mint par between the two countries, shows that the exchange is slight'lyin favour of England; and, after making allowance for- charg,es of transport and difference of intereat, the present rate leaves a small profit on the importation of gold from the United States. - The English funds opened this morning at the dul quotationg of yesterday, but subsequently expe-_ rienced an advance of an eighth. Consols for money were first quoted 95 to i, and the last transactions were at 95k to i-for money and 95i to i for the 10th of September. The improvement i t+he appearance of the weather was tho sole ciicumstanc' that influenced the market. Bank Stock left off at 21Th to 21Si; Reduced, 94 to f,; New Three peo Cents., 96 to ,; Annuities, 18& to4n; India Stock, 233 to 236 8 India-bonds, 12s. to 16s. premiuni; Exchequer-bonds, 100k to g ; and Exchequer-bills, ls. to 14s. premium. Money is in good supply iu the Stock-Exchange at 4- per cent., and in the discount market the demand is only moderate. 'An instalment of 500,0001. on the last. loan falls due the day after to-morrow. A payment of 1,000,000l. on the 18th of September is all that wi then remamn to be madce. .oreign securities opened with firmness, but prices were not altogether supported in the later hours. Tarkish Six per Cents. for the account were negotiated at 10i3 and ; and the Four per, Cents. Guaranteed, at 103J. The general transac-l tions included the following.:-BrazilianFive pert Cenis., 101i; Rothschild's Four-and-a-Half per Cents., New, 97; the Five per Cents., New, lOlj and 101; Grenada Deferred, 7i; Mexican, for account, 22g£; Portuguese Three per Cents., 46k and 46; Russian Four-and-a-Ealf per Cents., 98k; Spanish Three per Cents., 44i and ; the New Deferred, 24; Passive, 6k; and Belgian Four-and-aHalf per uts., 98- anid 97X. IA the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rate upon Paris was a shade higher. With regard to other places there was no alteration. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 70f. 40c. for money, and T0f. 50c. for the end of the month, showing no recovery from the deline of, yesterday. The gold by the Walmer Castle has all been taken to-day for the continent. Only a portion was bought for the Bank of France, but the demand consequent upon purchases of silver caused the wnole to be absorbed. The gold from America to-day by the Arabia is 100,000.; and the Atlantic. which may be expected on Wednesday, will probably bring a further sum. The commercial advices on this occasiondescribe continued heaviness in the stock-market, and a further average decline of one ortwo percent. Thnis was chiefly from causes similar to those in operation in hzngland and France-namely, the absorption of bullion from the banks, notwithstanding the large arrivals. The drain of silver for China seems also to be fed directly from New York as well as from this side, since mention is made of the immediate shipment to that country of 109,0001. just received from Mexico in dollars. The latest quotations on the Stock Exchange were-Erie Railway, 596; Reading, 85 to 86; Panama, 96; Illinois Central, 107; and lnlinois Central Bonds, 91A to 92. The prolonged heaviness in Panama Stock is, perhaps, partly attributable to the project in course of introduction by Mfr. Squier for an interoceanic railway through the State of Honduras. The bil granting 1,500,000 acres of land to the State of Mis- issippi for railway purposes had passed the Senate, but this support,. like her surplus revenue, can. have little other effect than thlat of addinlg tiO the infamy of her financial course. The company formed at New Orleans for promoting the Tehuantepec route from the Atlantic and Pacific had issued a report, stating that all that is reqluired to accomplish every purpose of the company is 400,0001. As compared waith~ the Panama route their line, they allege, will save 2,100 miles between San FPrancisco and Newr Orleans. In the House of Representatives at Washington a special committee had reported in favour of a bil for settling the question of overland communication with the Pacific. They recommend three railway routesnamely, a central, a southern, and a norfihern, with a grant of 52,505,000 acres to the first, 42,960,000 acres to the second, and 38,400,000 acres to the third, making an aggregate for Pacific railroads of 131,885,000 acres. The longest of the three routes is the southern, which would be 2,039 miles, but the saving in the others is only a few miles. The directors of the United 'States7 Mint propose that the new cent (halfpenny) coinage shall be 88 parts copper and 12 parts nickl, and that it shall be onethird lighter than the present cent. The weekly reviews from the Amsterdam and Rotterdam produce markets state that the operations have not been important, but that quotations have been fairly maintained. In coffee and sugar the purchases haveD been principally for consumption, and rates have not experienced any great alteration. There has been increased activity in rice, owing to a few speculative transactions. The Calcutta and South-Eastern Railway Company have received an intimation from the Indiahouse that, upon the proper aurveys being completed and the company being prepared to commence operations, the Court wil make a free grant of all the land required for the purposes of the line. At a meeting to-day of the London, BManchester, and Foreign Warehouse Company (limited), 'Mr. J. Costeker in the chair, the report, an abstract of which has been given in De Tlimes, was adopted, and a dividend at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum was declared. The only discussion was with reference to a question raised by the auditor, Mr. W. Quilter, on an item of 3941. charged in the preliminary expenses, but the views expressed by the directors were approved. at a. meeting of the GEeneral Steam NEavigation. ompany, held to-day, the dividend declared eas at ,the rate of 10 per cent, per anum, and the-report was received as satisfactory. The ballot of the General Screw Company, on the question of dissolution, has not been closed, owing to the necessary number of votes not having yet been recorded. The Star of the East has been reported to-day. from Shanghai, and is stated to have brought, besides 1,300 tons of tea, 500 tons of silk, being the! largest quantity ever imported in one vesseL The financial agent of the Portuguese Government has given noti6e that the conversion of Portuguese 3on0ds WllMreop;en to-moTrow and continue every Tuesday andFriday untia further notice.
OILYDOX, WBDNDESDAY, AGUS2T 27, M. The noble science of the herald and the rmarshal is somewhat out of vogue in Engiand Rules of precedence which were strictly obeyed even in the last generation have now fallen into desuetude; peopl_ are apt to take what arms they like, and there is no officer empowered by the Heralds' College to deface their plate or their carriage panels. Even Royal clhistenings and civic processions are unable to restore a taste which has passed away; but if the numerous English who have flocked to 3Ioscow for the coronation of His 31ajesty A= "Esn II. do not bring back an enthusiasm for pomps and pageants it will not be the fault of the Russian ceremonialists. Nothing that Rheims or Westminster has ever been ahle to boast can equal in grandeur, richnews, andItediousness what is preparing for the sightseers at M1oscow on the present occasion. it will require no mean powers of generalship to organize the multitudinous processions, to get the hundreds of officials into the Cathedral and out of it again, and even, it would seem, to feed and lodge, with due attention to each, so many personages of such strictly graduated importance. As for the saluting, it appears as if no small part of the Imperial artillery will be requisite for the incessant cannonading. The beginning of the proceedings will be the "solemn "entry" of HIs s&JEsnYinto the city. "At thesignal "of nine guns, fired from a battery opposite the " Convent of Tchoudow, the bells of the Cathedral "of the Assumption indicate to the churches of "Moscow the moment to ring their bells." " When "all the persons have occupied the places assigned "to them"-a process which, vithout rehearsal, will be somewhat difficult-the procession sets out. We need not say that the whole order of this impressive cavalcade is given in the "ceremonial " confirmed by HMs MA.sr," and that we can give no idea of it ourselves. Gendarmes on foot and Gendarmes on horseback, Cossacks from the Black Sea, the representatives of the high nobility, of the Asiatic tribes, foot valets and.chamber valets, " negroes of "the Court in grand livery," the Grand Master of the Ceremonies, Chamberlains, and Gentlemen of the Chamber, precede the ESirzop. and the Princes and Princesses of the blood. On HIS MAESrY's arrivaLhe is greeted by a salvo of 71 guns, the usual receptions take place, and the usual loyal speeches are uttered. The proclamation which announces the day of coronation needs no notice, but chapter 3 of the " ceremonial' ordains the decoration of the Cathedralwith a minuteniess woithy oI study; The canopy, the thrones, and their respective ornaments, are described in the most elevated langouage of the upholsterer. The colonation itaelf bewilders the intellect by the multitude and elaborateness of its ceremonies. 'Where and when His MAEsTy is to sit, where the Heir-Apparent is to be placed, how the ladies of honour and the maids of honour are to follow, are duly registered. " The canopy is "carriedby eight functionaries of the fourth clas "the cords are held by eight functionaries of the " third class." And so the whole proceeding is regulated, no doubt, in strict conformity with precedent and the manners of the empire. it is so long since suchl a ceremony has taken place in Western Europe,- and its elaborate pomp is so oppos6e to t] e tastes of our own country-and age, that we can hardly pretend to judge. it with fairness. --To the English, French, or jAmerican visitor it will, no doubt, be unmeaning and tedious. The long preparation for acts which are accompliEshedinafewrTinutes' the jadedlookof troops kept under arms-for a whole-day_ together, the tired ladies of thelCourt wvishingal the ceremonies at an end, the, fatrdry display of diamonds and feathers by broad daylight, the crushing, the Aliputes, the disappointments, will be enoIgh to =move' the looker-on to Wearines. -As iasually the case at such -ight-seeingey -the chorus when it isover will be, " Is this all'" "i Ethis what we "have come 2,000 miles to see r' Yet the coronation of a RuPsian Czar must not be regarded in the same light as-the investiture of a Western Sovereigsn. The words " by the Grace of "GoD," which in- England wre construed by modern notions into a mere pious phrase, have, in a country. lie Russia; their original. meaning. The authority of- the Sovereign is supposed to be directly derived from on High; he receives is' commission from HEAV&fv, through the 'church, and is answerable to no human tribunal for the exercise of his power. The coronation and its accompanying consecration are the rites by which the appointment to. govern'the Muscoite world is legitimately conferred. Until the ExErsRon is, covered with the actual material crown and anointed with the holy 'oil he exercises merely a provisional jurisdiction. He is the designated but not the installed vicegerent of IHeAV=. Hence the officers of State; the chief prelates of the church, the' ambassadors of foreign Powers, are assembled to' witness a ceremony which has to'the empire a practical reality. Muscovite custom requires that each corporation, each profession, each province, each regimeLt of the army, should be represented on the great day. If the assembled functionaries were only such personages as the masters, the grand masters, and the arch-masters of the ceremonies, the whole would lose much of its significance. But each tribe of. Asiatica has its representative among the spectators of the rite., The'chiefs of the peasants of the State domaans, one for each government, are there ; the ancients of the guilds of traders, the foreign merchants, the magistrates, the section of the Council of Manufactures, the officials of the Custom-house, take a part in the ceremony. The Board of Mines, -the Chamber of Finance, the Commissariat, the University, the Post-office, the Department of Theatres, with a number of other bodies, equally share in the great solemnity. Thus the coronation of a Czar is the occa'sion of gathering together every element which goes to make up the great whole of the Russian system. For nearly six months have the preparations for the event continued, and the result, whatever may be its effect to our eyes, is no doubt a matter of pride to the patriotic Russian. - The people whom A -aiqxRa rules are stil in that stage of civilization when symbolical ceremonies havetheir fullmeaning and influence. The firing of salvos, the ringing of bells, the blessing by priests, the processions, the fireworks, and the feasting will in a few weeks be matter of eager inquiry among myriads of untaught men, from the frontiers of Germany to the shores of the Pacific. Each community and corporation, each colony or nomad tribe, will be proud of the part which its representative has played at the great solemnity of the whole empire. The enthronement and consecration of the linperial person will have been witnessed by individuals of every race and region within a sixth of the earth's surface. In this fact lies the reality which gives a meaning to otherwise tedious and fooish ceremonies. It may be that many of our countrymen wil return impressed with the vanity of national solemnities, and disposed to compare the representations they have witnessed at Moscow with the histrionic achievements of the theatre and the circus; but amid such sarcasms they will do well to remember that the show was not intended for them, but for thousands who will believe in 'it and remember it with veneration to their latest day. The age of pomp may have passed away among ourselves, 'ut the Russian is still young enough to admire what we have learned to conteran.
The East India Company's monopoly of salt was the subject of a Parliamentary discussion three or four years ago, and excited, as a philanthropic questin considerable interest in the country. Tne result was the appointment of a Comnmissioner, MIr. PrOWDuM, to examine the question. The labours of the Commissioner have produced two papersone laid before Parliament on the 24th of April last, and the other and concluding one now before us. He comes to a modified judgment, that the price of salt ought to be reduced, but that the pressure ofthe existing prices is not nearly so great upon the labouring classes in India as has been supposed. A certain amount of reduction then is recommended, and with it, we are glad to observe, is coupled the important recommendation of an alteration in the form of the tax-a substitution, viz., of an excise duty for the existing monopoly of sale. The Commissioner is in favour of throwing open the manufacture of salt and imposing a duty upon it. This is already done in Bombay, and to a limited extent in Bengal. The Bengal Salt Company's works at Goordah, established by Mlr. PFneaEP on the principle of condensing brine from salt water by solar evaporation, succeeded in 184T, after a hard battle fought with the Court of Directors and various alternations of favour and discountenance, in obtaining a per. manent standing-ground. In considering the philanthropic question it must be taken into account that the sources from which revenue can be raised in India. are not many. A people that hardly wear clothing and have fe- luxuries do not present that rich and varied ground to the taxgatherer that an English pablic presents. A revenue there must be, and it must come out of the materials in use among the mass. What are those materials 4 Simply, when you examine them, the necessaries of life. i Then, as a question of'philanthropy, it cannot so much signify which you select of them for taxation. Taxation is undoubtealy an evil, and it would be better if we could do without it; but the taxation of one necessary, as compared with. another, is only an evil as being taxation. However, while the taxation of necessaries is. inevitable, one necessary may undoubt-dly be taxed e tiavagaitly' and: disproportionlately, so as. to lead to a less consumption of the article than is agreeable to the health of the popiulation; for the 3mass are not very reasonable in money mattersi and, if lnene necessary article is - very. highly taxed, it does not signif that the fact of' otler articles being less taxed enables them to buy the heavily taxed one jiut as well aS if it' had a less' slhare of the same ultimate amount of taxation ;-the mass, we say, will not reason in this way; but, if an article is made by taxation extravagantly dear, they will pinch themselves in it, -nd not use so much of it as they really want for health'a sake. The question is,-Is this the case-in India? The Commissioner denies the charge as regards Madras, and only admits it very slightly ,as applicable to Bengal. Speaking of the latter; presidency, ho says,-" Lurgely as consumption has "increased aince the improved system commenc6d "in 1836, it does sot ppear to me to havre reached "its natur? lirmit." And he adds,-"A taxof " 500 per cent. -appears to me to be a very high "tax to imnpose upon any one article of con"sumption, when naturally the article in ques"tion is comparatively very dear in tha "territory to whichthe tax applies." It appears, then, that in Bengal, " where salt is three or four "times dearer than salt on any other Indian `"e ct," the tax is allowed to be too high3 and the Consumption of the article is admitted tbo be less than is proper for 'the- aalteh of the pokuliation; at least, if we understand the " natural limit' 'wiol the Commisioner speaks of as mneasured by That stanaard. At the same time the Commissionea tries,. not quite consistently, tc make out, by a comparison~ of tho price of salt with wages, that,tHie price is not " glievous or burden"some." Taldng Dr. ZBEDFORs statistics of 10.0 families, he reckons that their " average annual "expenditire for salt is about 1-30th pafti of their aincome." A tax upon a necessary is a grievance; so far as it makes the consumption of the article short of what is sufficient for healt'h. We, have the grievance, thenj according to his own admission, in the fact that the consumption of salt in Bengal- has not "reached its natural '" limit." The grievance, if proved by the fact of an insfficient consunption, cannot be disproved again by any statistical argument of proportion in the price of the article to wages. With respect to Madras, however, the Commissioner does not admit any insufficient consumption of salt, and he shows that, malking allowance for what is sent away for foreign consumption, a residumlm i3 Still left of 121b. per head as the consumption of this article -within the presidency. Ee also shows that while the 'price of salt has recently been raised from 105 to 120 rupees per garce, " the sales have "'increased, and are not materially below the "highest sales effected when the price stood at "70 rupees;" a fact to vwhich he appeals as evidently showing that the consumption of salt, if it was at all less than it should be in the presidency, was not, at any rate, caused by the Company's nionopoly and the high price of the article. On the whole, it would appear that the salt grievance in India is certainly less than the "English public has been led to suppose. When -people know that an article of common use is taxed 600 per cent., as it lately was, or 500 per cent., as it now is in Bengal, thev go away with the impression that the article is made extravagantly dear. But 500 per' cent. is bnly another mode of saying five times, as much; ancd an article which is five times as dear as something else, or as the same article under other circumstances, may still, after all, not be a very dear one. We wvish, however, some respectable and veracious housekeeper would throw some light on the question of how much salt is a proper quantum annually per head; or, if an English cook could not answer for Indian wants, we should like to have a well-considered opinion on this important subject from an Indian kitchen, for Indian authoritiei are at present greatly at variance on this point. The Madras Board of Revenue considers it to be I81b. per head, but Mr. EXL}aoTo thinks this much too high an estimate, being double that of Sir T. Mmino. Thb Commissioner fixes on the middle estimate of 121b. per head, but at the same time allows that " 1Slb. "per head per annum is the average quantity "that would be consumed if the price were "o onw hitindranace ," while, on the other hand, lie informs us that in Bombay gaols 71b. per head is 'found enough. The extent of the grievance which the existing tax on salt in India causes, and even the fact whether there is any grievance or not, must, of course, greatly depend on which of these several estimates is the right one. We confess we -do not much like the Commissioner's admission of what woldd be consumed " if the price were not " a hindrance." We do not know of any geat temptation there is to use more salt than people naturally want. People are much tempted often -to eat more than they should do of that which requires salt, and so, incidentally, they are tempted to use more salt than they should. But, with the exception of an idiosyncrasy here 'and there in the line of salt, we are not aware of any great attraction which salt poisesmes for -the human palate which would lead to a self-indulgent and luxurious consumption of it. Assuming his own estimate, however,, the . Commissioner, speaking of MIadras, considers that " the average "wages of agricultural labour at the lowest " rate being two rupees -per month, or 24 per ." annum, the cost of salt would be the 140th part "of a labourer's yearly earnings, or a tax upon "his income of something less than two-thirds per " cent." In the meantime general taxation has been reduced in India, or wiUl be, reckoning approaching reliefs, by 51 lacs of rupees. This, together with the recommended abolition of the monopoly of the sale of salt and substitution of an excise for it, will, we hope, enable the Iadian labourer to eat as much salt to his rice as he likes.
Report, according to our American correspondent, is beginning to favour Colonel IrnraoNT, and, from having been all on the side of the Democratical party, is now turning round, and smiling on the chances of the Republican candidate. One result of this turn of the wheel of electioneering rumour is curious. The value of real estate at Washington, says our correspondent, haa fallen. The mere chance of the election of a Republican, pledged to the non-extension of slavery, is immediately felt as an actual pecuniary danger in the South, and tells upon the existing value of land; so sensitive and quick is'the pulse of the Amaerican purse, and so immediate and direct is the operation of the slavery question upon Amierican propertv. It is quite true that this question, however it is ultimately decided, must go through many stages, and long ones, before it can actually interfere between the planter and his slave, and bring any force to bear upon the slaveowning class. 'Colonel FnsoxTr is not even an abolitionist; he is only a non-extensionist, opposed to the admission of any more slave States into the UJnion than at present belong to it. So there is no interference professed or intended, even ultimately, on the part of the Republican party, whom Colonel FnEmo=nT represents, with slave property. But the ownei of slave-cultivated property looks beyond this neg.a-tive position taken by the moderate auti-slavery party, and sees, or imagines he sees, the real result of non-extension. He sees the non-lave States increasing in number, while the slave -States remain stationary; and-he naturally sees in this disparity a most unequal battlefield for the ultimate fight wittlia-e abolitionist. A majority of non-slave- States w11 not keep up for ever a magnanimous forbearance towards a species of property against vwhich all their moral and religious feelings are enlisted. The non-extension principle, _then, is ultimately as unfavourable -to hiii'as that of the direct abolitionist, and a line which is simply negative, for' th present prepares graduaoly hut surely the groundi of positive invasion. -All -this is prospective, however; it will talke a long time to work- out the problem, anid for the preseiut the saveowners property is as safe *as any other. But now our melancholy faculty :of foresight comes in, which so often acts to our injury. This distant and faturs invasion, simply becaulse the chance of it is seen now, has a present effect, and the value of slave property falls with the rumour of Colonel Fimrome's chance of election. The case is analogous to the effect which the rise and success of a revolutionary party in this country would have upon the value of tithes and church property. lNobody can doubt that, were a certain political part in this country to gain ground, the value of tithes would fa, not that their payment would not go on all the same for the time, but-the unfavourable prospect would tell upon a buyer, in, so affect their prent value.- This is not, perhaps, sufficiently undestooD in this country, or taken int ccou;nt in our eatimae of American poitics anid the ertraordin-arexcitement whih. attendastheir electioins. Oie-is on the look out for explanations of Amernican behaviour Iin pu1AbL:lir irhch is crtah an extrorinr phenomenon. The attack on Mr. Smmnx met-s thinkinig-and pu lng out ihe- Amenrican riddle, how a civilzedf people could male such an exhibi|tion ofS itself as. ws involved in the general [approval of outrage i -the South. But, with*out- saying that -it accounts for the whole Iphenomenon, here is a fact which, ae instantly I see, must have something -to do with it. 'The truth is, people do get very'sore where their pockets -are touched; and we do not sufficiently realize in thia country to- wha1t extent these electioneering questions in A-ielica are really ai bottom questions of the pocLet. 3r. PRzESTON B. Dnooxs was, in his own idea, standing up pro anis et focis-that is tosay,in Transatlantic interpretation, forhispocket -when he assaulted Br. Sunxn. He said to himself, "My property is worth so much less in the c" market at this 3noment, if these attacks upon "slavery go on. Mr. SUMuN is robbing me- a actually taking the money out of my pocket." The property consequence which* accompanies the slavery question is, as we see from our. correspondence, not a mere comparatively abstract eonsequence, to be felt at some great distant struggle, but it is an existing, solid, and felt consequence, involving present deterioration of property. This property question, then, appears to colour the whole feld of American politics, and to fix the position of American parties. Strange to say, in the United States the Democrat is the Conservafive; he acquiesces in the -whole existing American system, slavery and all the rest; he swallows it whole; he acquiesces in things as they are, andin the existing proportions arid relative sthength of bothsides. Thvsheisrea6ytoreceiveEKnsasasa slave State, and for this purpose supports the new Ransas Legislature. The party opposed to the Democratical is, on the other hand, a revolutionary one in a sense; that is to say, it does not acquiesce in America as it is. This party wants change; a section of it would abolish slavery to-morrow, if it could, and so knock on the head one of the most important institutions of the country; another section, which Colonel Fax.o1xT represents, if it would not change things themselves, would change the proportions of the American system-would gradually leave the slave States stranded, and connect all the new and rising strength of America vith the free State element. The Democrat, then, is the American Tory, for keeping things as they are, and a patron of property. His abolitionmst opponent is a rerolutionist as regards property, and sacrifices conservatism to a hi¢her: principle, as he maintains, of morals and religion. He is ready to reduce all slavetilled land 50 per cent. in the market, if he can only abolish the, abomination of slavery. The Southern orators have thus lately talked about the " chivalry" of MIr. PBEsTox B. BnooRs. What they mean is, that he and they stand out for America " as she is," that they uphold the principle of property, and are loyal to her old and ivenerable institutions, especially the " peculiar " domestic institution"-that is to say, that they are Tories, opposing revolutionists and fanatics. Such is Anerican Toryism and chivalry, and, mrutatis muta2ndis, it is not so very unlike what has sometimes gone unader these names in this country not so very long since.,
COUBRT CIRCULA. 4 - OSBORNE, AlTo. 2G. Her Majesety andlhis Royal Highness the Pzince, .ccompaied byPrince Arthur and PTinoe uL, ingpected the Depbt Battalion at Parlhurst, under the commaud of LieutenAnt-Colonel Jeffreys, yesterday. TheBegan7iinistez, hL Yande Weyer, ad Madame anen de Weyer arrived on asisit to the Queen. .Abert'sbhtdhay, thae ba of thef Iioya Maries played selection of music on the Terrace. The Hon. lr. Merritt, from Canada, had aainterviewwtMh Mr. Secretary Labouchere yesterday at the Colonial-office.
THE CoRt CROPs IN TE TNrmD Sry-LaSt year, at this season, while called to rejo ic at the prospect of the fat things in store from the abundant yield of the Mill crop, we hsd to spesk of it in melancholy contrast wit the drought and partial failure of the preoeding -ear. This gave, perhaps, a keener interest and imparted a mnore immediate importance to the subject, but it vas not the less a drawback to the grateful pleasure of the moment. This yea wehava no such retrospect. We are called uPon rather toeoice anA maLe glad over another great crop, on blesing follow. osttheother in such rapid and cer succession to the otr as to obliterate all recollections of the sufferings of the past in the renewed assurance of abundance in the ftture. The hearts of the people are thus made equally thanlkful to a bengn Providence for the harvest of 1855, which at once relieved the necessities of the poor, whileit rewarded the toil and anxieties of the husbindman, and that of 1856, which nowrenews and continues to allases the manifold comforts, profits, and luxuries of that zichest of all na. tional boons to an agricultural country-a good crop. We shall not btOs to demonstrate that the harvest of wheat has prove , or is proving, a great one. There can now, we imagine, be little doubt of this, as applying to almost every part of the Union. It is equally certain that in prospect of the competition of our markets from this heavy yield, the movement of last -eyr's gramin and flour from the south and west has been quIck en of late, and that our export trade is sensiblreiingthe advantage of this movement, at a season when, last year, it had no supplies to worl upon. 2Nor is it less certain tht the grovwng corn crop, in consequence of the recent seaonable rains, will prove an abundant one, while the cottonplanters of the south, who have but just realized from Europe over 120,000,000 dollars from their last crop, in addition to selling 700,000 bales to our own niorthern manufacturers, have every reasonable prospect of Another growth of 3,500,000 bales of this staple. These lappy results cheer the farmer and planter in a peculiar degree. They maake glad the merchant, the shipowner, and the railway people, in near prospect of an active and profitable trade in cotton and breadstuffs; notthat such atrade alwaysfoiows a large crop, or that it ought to he calculated upon two yesa in succession, but because it just now falls out that we have the foreign customers to iusure it, and that their condition, materially as well as politically, has been very much bettered since last year. England, the chief of our European customers for cotton, is unquesionably prepared to repeat the heavy purchases of last season. Her manufacturing wants, great even in the midst of the late war with Russia, and, oreatly stimulated by the peace, will demand them; and without looking for enhanced prices for the raw naterial, we may safelv assnne that the market for the next cotton rop, at its highest estimated product, is already insured at fair profits to the planter. The same confident calculation -cannot be indulged as to our surplus grain crop or its product in flour and provisions, yet everyday's experience since tbhe treaty of P?aris in MEarch: strengthens the conviction that American food has becomne a necessity in Englande and France-particularly the former-aswel inpeace as in ar. The manuactnring interest in both countris has grown -to be an overshadowing one. It ispoEticalypaamut I_in England. Neither Queen nor , inisty, Lords nor -Commors, dare- move without conslting it; as witness the late decision in the case of Mr. Daias, who would unquestionably -havo been sent -ome but for the intervention of the Manchester -and iverpool influenoewith Sovernment.- -With the growth of this power in the State -we ark the gradual. but certain abiity of the labouring people of the kingdom to -se -better-food, andImore of it, thanever before, andthe quesonof supply is now so closey interwoven with the prosperity of the great manufacturers that tney -scarcely eel ea-y to rely exclusively upon the -English harvest, even -when-above the averages The sensi. tiveness of ance.tD thoe crop -quedtion is equally marked, -though with less reason for- real onoern, as a peneral rde. Indeed, it -would seem as if- in both countries the onsump-tion ofcereal-food-had-overaken and- outAtr iped the capacity of theirgriculturil lands toproduceit n abundinee. Andwhatistrue of grainmorerthan holds good in regad to miat provisions,-.the Americausupplies of which are gradaally making their way to favour in France, as well7as in -England. We may easonablyrejoice, then, that we-have not only a good crop, but the markets in- prospect to onsumine at least a- good pat of oar superabundance. Thse -we have referred to only- as affeeting our foreign trad%, because, 'without being the first in inuportanee, the export movement of the crop has a significance at the presmt tine which may-not be overlooked while the country continues to indulge so freely in the business of importation-Ncw York Smn- - - C-HoLEA AT MADEuI.-TheRev. N.-A. D'Orsey, the Hon. S. Spring Rice, ana those gentlemen aoad wi.th them, are maLing strenuous efforts to alleviate thLe sufferings of the islanders from the epidemic which no* prsvaiisat3adeira,and-wrhich i5ai toh.Ve voa ¢ offin less than amonth 2,000 persons from!a population of 15,003. Hler Afajesty's paddlewbeel stea-sioop Hecate, 6, Canmnander Alexander C. Gordon, is aupointed toiave JPOrts. mouth on fte 27th inst., with medial stores and eomforr, and takes out a umber of tents toformhotitals for thiesik. - Dr. Archibld C. R4Os, 'whose faminy resde in the iaand, and who was on- the road to- the Worth of Sotlana, poet poned his journey when he heard of the severe ,isitaimn, assisted Mr. D'Orsey a4A h;G otLeibenevolent frieils, and finlly resolved to return to Madeira. A- !me twsme inadefor&free p e in the. Hecate, bu=t,7hVW ow tainei that the Niger would leav firt, he oind Vahtjp hinmediatelyandasailed from Plymouth oSnd"ay. fortun-etlyfortheinhabitAats of deira, the diieas.h the -vine has Ieen so-great-this yer that not more than 54n -ofwinewreeepectedto be made; it is, howveyr, r*li c add that there ire in store 10, pipes t2, %f formner vintages. -
T-l YAIX 0oTVMAJ willproceed-by t-ae Grwt Uaati~ an8 lh&u*3 .i6 Eailwyx from london to Edinbu rghio. Qm^w(uai% .en route for BDaoril the Highlmdid aide d. rh Majesty. The train will colsit of a Roa axou ciais;' for Her Majesty and Prince Albert,, Royal saloon: for the eaoyl lcon for the _Prne.ewetw,o ilyc riagea, thee first-clama crrnage, htwo earriage truk, 'two breavans, and the engne pecially used on -thi rou -f thie.conveyance of the Couirt, -he Roalslocs .in'Bbe placcd_ntShemiddb of Ulaftrain,c,r theli in - after *e tbe fist break-van, with' thesaloons of the Prie. and Princesses on each side. Te Royl trair hwil 1.,.Xsj. sh..Bttion at 8 o'clock to-morrowr morning, aixi wilt- be due at the weera saos thie in tder mentioned. A pilotenginewilllsave the station at 10inutesftef the doyA train, . and will follow it At tits intesl as far s York, but at the stations nd tlunnel, where the ele6tric telegraph has been esablished in oonnenon With th , the pilot engine wil mot be allowe 'to go until the royal train has been telegraphed out, tnius any unusral timc sEhll have been occupied hy the Royal train in travelling between any two telgrip h stations, in which case 'the pilot wil be stoppea, informed of the circumstances,.and then proceed cautiously. The danger signals will be exhibited for fi= e minutes after the passing of the Roysal train.- 2'The Royal carriages wil be provided with the usual cLrdr cO'M-munication from the last brealc van to the tender. There will also be a look-out man on the tender,wio must keepli1s face towards the rear of the train, so as to observe any siigiad that may be given bymeans of the semaphore on the roof of theRoyalsaloon, or from any of the guards or otherittendants acompanying the Royal train. It will be the ddutY of the loo;-out mian instantly to commiunicate to the driver' any signal lhe may reseive. --Two Sgreasers will keep a constant looDkout, one on each ade of the tvain, so as to observe any defects in the whtela 6r other parts of the carriages, and onrstoppingatasttion will eoamine and grease toverr se-box. p To guards, one un the front and the otherin the last break-van, rill alao keep a constant lookout on both sides of the train. To avoid ill chance of unnecessary detention to the tRo,yal train the sine and sttions are ordered to be ket erfectly clear one-half houTrbeforethe time named in thEa time-bil snd all other tra1hc is to be stoiped andtrins shmstZ u7ntil. the Roya train and! pilot shall have passed. -Gse7-eepers and 'olte-layers are to keep a look:-out, and'so dispose themasehves along the line asto prevent any obituc tion., At the stations where the Royal train is timed to atop, the public re to be keptwithin barriers on the down-platform, waiting-rooms, and offices, so as to preventithosewho may be adaitted thereto from pressing on-the platform and crowdingnearthBeRoyalcarriages; aLd those wh-o maLybe admittecon the up-side.are to he fpt on the platform and not allowed to get on the line. . - - The 'Royal train' will arive at :b:olloway at 84Ln., Hornsey at 8.9, Colney-Hatch at 8.12, Barnet at 8.16, Potter's-bar at 8.21, Hatfield at 8.27, Welwy at 8.32, -Stevenage at 8.39, Eitchin at 842. At this station-the train and pilot-engine will pass into the straigt line to have the Wiaes greaed, and for the tngine to tak-e water, three minutes beigallowed for 'these operations The train willthern proceed on its journey andreach A ey at S.52, Biggleswiae at 8.56, Sandy at 8.59, St. Neots at 9.7, Offord at 9.2, Huntingdon st 9.16. Here there w;ill be a delay of four minutes, and the Royal train will pass into the platform. line. Resuming their progress at 9.20, the Royal travellers wll reach Hohne at 9.Q5, and Peterborough at 9.44 There will be another stoppage of thre minutes at this,paee to change engines. Tallington 'will be pass=e at 10 o'clock-, Essendine at 10.6, little Bytham at 1010, Corby at 10.18, Great Ponton at 10.25, and Granthani will be reached st 10.30. Alter a pause of three mninutes for the engine to talke water, the Royal train will continue its progress, and pass Hingham at 1042. Cypole at 10.47, Newark at 10.54, Carlton at IL2, Tiford, at 1110, and arrive at Retford at 11.20. Two minutes -will be allowed here for the engine to take water, and for the axles to be greased. The train wZi Dass Sntton at 1L27, Rans'sill at 1130, Strooby at 11.b3, Bawtry at 11.36, lRoMington at 11.41, and reach Doncaster at 1L43. The train will pass into the straight line at this stationaid be detained two minvtes to change engines and greaseNtha axle_. .Arksey will he passed at 1L54, AsLren aft12, Norton It 12.3,Womersey at 12.6, Rnottin.iey juncion at 12.13, (the train passing slowly through the usual line), Barton Salmon at12.1S, bilfordl junction atl12.21, Sherburn at 12.2A, Church Fenton at 12.27, -Ulleskelf at- 12.30, Bolton Percy at 1232, C6pmanthorpe at 12.37, arrivin- at the Yorkticket platform at 12.43. Were tho GreatNorthern engine will be detached, and a North-Eastern pilot engine will nnsb the train into the station. The LRoyal party will patke of luncheon at the Rbailwray HIotel, where the usal preparations are being made for the reception of theaugust visitors. The train will res.ume its course at 1.20, and pass Shipton at L29, Tollerton at L34, Alne at 1.36, Relf atl.39 Pilmoor Junction at L42, Sessayat L44, ThirakJunction at 1.49, Otterngton at 1.54, Northallerton at 1.59, Cowton at 2.7, Dalton Junction at 2., Croft at 2.12, -DArglinton at 2.17. There wil be a dela of five nutes here Ayclffe will e reacbed at 2.39, Bradbury at 2.37, erry-hill Jnnction at 2.41, Shincliffe at 2.47, Sherhurnat -2.50, Belmont Junction at 2.53, I,esmside at 2.55, Fene&. houses at 2.5S,'Pensher Junction at 31, Waswhington at 3.4, Pelar Junction at 3.11, Gatashead at 3.17, Newcastle it 3.20. A pause of sin minutes wfil take place at this station, to change engines and grease the wheels. Heaton will bssed at3.31, Killingworth at 3.37, Cranilington at 3.42, Netherton at 3.47, 1forpeth: at 3.49, Lorghirst at 3,55, Widdrington at 3.59, Acldington at 4.5,Waikworth at 4.9, Bilton Junction at 4.14. Here there will be a stoppage of four mainutes. Longhoughton will be reacbed at 4.23, Chaiston-bank at 430, Chathill at 4.34, Newham at 4.36, Lucker at 4.39, Belford at 4.42, Beal at 4.51, Scremerston at 4.57, Tweedmouth at 5.2, and Berwick at 5.5. The trair wil remain at this station for five minutes, and then proceed, passing Bnnnmouthat 5.21, Ayton at 5.23, Reston Junction at 5.30, Grants House at 5.37, Cockburnspath at 545, Inner. wick at 5.49, reaching Danbar at 5.55. A stoppage of five -minutes willoccur here. linton -will be assed at 6.9, East Fortune at 6.12, Drem Junction at 6.16, Longniddry Junction at 6.22, Tranent at 6.27, Inveresk at 6.31, Portobello at 6.36, reaching St. Margaret's, Edinburgh, at 6.40. The Royal travellers wil proceed direct to Holyrood, where they will pass the night and remain during Friday. The route from Edinburgh to Banchory will be changed on this occasion, the course of the Royal train -which will leave iEdinburgh at 9 s.m., on Friday, being as follows - .Waverley-bridge station will be passed at 9-2 Corstopline at 9-15, Gopr, at 918. atho.Junctionat922V Winchhurgh at9-27,nlinthgowat9-35, PolmnontJluctiont9-41,Grahams. town at 9.47, arbert Junction (Scottish CentralRailway) at 9.52, Bannockburnatl0.3, and Stirlingwillberaedatlo.7 Here there will be s delay of five minutes. Bridge of Allan wi be pmsed at 10.16, Dunblane at 10.19, Rinbucklat 10.24, Greenloamning at 10.29, Blackford at 10.36, Auchterarder at 10.43, Dunning at 10.51, Forteviot at 10.57, For. gandenny at 312, and Perth attained at 11.1 Another delay of five mninutes here. P3rooeedin- now on the Scottish North-Eastern line the Royal travellers -Wi pass Luncarthy at 1L27, Dunkeld-road at 1129, Stanley at 11.31, Cargili at IL38, Woodside atT 43, Coupar Angus at 11.47, Andler at 1.51, lfeigle Junction at 11.56, Lassie at 12.3, Glammis at 12.7, rewching Forfar at 12.17. Another delay of five minutes hre. Clockbn wll be passed at 12.27, Aldbar-road at 12.31, Gthrie unction at 12.36, Farnellroad at 12.45. Bridge of Dunt 12.51, Dalton Junction at 12.55, Craigo at 1 o'clor-k, Marykdrk at L4, Laurence-ldrk at .10. A delay of five 3ninutes here. Fourdon will be passed at 1.20. Druilithie at 1.27, Stonehaven at L39, bluchalls at 1.47, Newtonbill at L49, Portiethen at 1.53, Cove at L59, Aberdeen being reached at 2.9. A delay of three m3inutes here. Taldng now the Deeside Railwy, the RoyAl train will pass Cults at 2.90, Ifurtle at 2.22, Milltimber at 2.24, Culter at 2.26, Drumn at 2.31, Park at 2.34; 3Ills of Drum at 2.3S, and arrive at Banchori at 2.46. The GreatNorthern Company's carriages will run through the journey from London to Banchory; but the chairman, Mr. Denison, and directors, together with the Great Nlorthemn Compan%s guds, will aceompany the train as fax as Yoik only. Mr. eymour Clanlre, the generAl manager of the Great2Rorthern; Mr. Sturrock, head of tho locomotive department; Mr. Coffin, head of the carn;-ge department; and a staff of fitters, lampmin, and gers, provided with the grease and oil to be used in the lamps and boxes, will aompany the trainf rongbout the joarney. Relays of engines, drivers, guar4dc, .will be provided by the ma. nwgers of the several companies through whose lines the Boysl party will traveL Some delay and inoonvenience having ben eprienoed on the last occsion of the QUeen's journsj tothe north, in consequence of the overihiting of t)he axln of several of the cariages of the train, t'he officials of the Great Northern Compary have during the 3ast month or two been maldng I sevenu] exenimenl tripe- with the Iehicles of whoch the Boyal tan- 'wll he com;oad to-norrowr. The Queen.'s saloonhasbeei proyidea 1Z gwaxee, als, notwithstand. mng every recwation,* t;heformor ones continued to overheat. It is hsoped, therefore, that no ddaF will occur from the Jaoove caue during the. proachin *ourney.
ITHE EUITD STATE,. - I i ......... ~ (Bo0S O'V SrEOIAL -COOEMNnxi.1 - AN T Auc.:r2z 11. 1 Sever3l State elections hav just taken place, and others are penading. When these local contests Vcur on the eve of a Presidential election they are considered certain indications of the result, in those Uaparate States, of the graver conflict itself, and, as they are described by the Amnerican journals, they might easily be mistaken for it, or for part of .thc pDrceedings connected with it. The names of the local candidates for State offices are of secondary iportance, and the district is said to be.lost br. aed by t«e ooverl candidat&s for the Presidency,> when their respectiva mpLle )iave failed or hCcceeded in cariyig their nomineg$ liitc the local COVeznment. Thus, the Democrats ar; s6sid- to lIn,e carried Kentucky, the Fillmore party having bceu beaten there, which was the point to be decided; for in no Southern State is it suapposed that Fremont has any chance,; it leaves him where, he was in that State, while he. has Cc aerried" Iowa, the Republicans having 'there a very large majority. The general indications of the' three or four elections of this kind, just taken, are that Fillmore is not gaining strength, and that the iue is being rapidly narrowed to a struggle between MIr. Buchanan and Colonel Fremont. The South and NYorth are opposed in this contest more decidedly than in any previous one; the line of division between them is growing sharper, with a greater estrangement of feeling. If Fremont is elected he will be a President carried by the North only,-by the Free;States over the opposition of the South. Most of the Presidents have been men who could unite the suffrsges of both powers,-in whom the South did not see a declared enemy, and *fom whom the Worth was not alienated by a too xtbreme champioushlip, of slavery; for that is the quostion on which all these great contests turn. Hitherto this kind of. compromise has been possible, the present is almost the first attempt to bring the principle to a direct test. And even now the opposition to the peculiar domestic institutijn enlisted on the side of Fremont does not practically go further that the determination to] exclude it from any new territories such' as Kanzas; the great bulk of the Republican party does not vish to interfere with it where it has been established. Office and its responsibilities have a wonderfully calming effect on political and extra-official exaggerations; and the judicious think that, even with Fremont in power, the South would have no reason to carry out its threat of " secession ," just as Mr. Buchanan would find himself constrained by opinion to external peace in spite of the " highwayman's plea " contained in the Ostend manifesto. Moreover, the threat to secede has been so often made, from a very early period of the Union down'wards, that it is not much regarded. It was made by some of the States on the question of transferring the seat of the Federal Government to Washington, in the very infancy of the Federation itself. No'w, vast 2s its-extension has been as a territory, it is more compact than at that period; railroads, telegraphs, and steamers bind it together, and the immense interests involved render a separation impossible by anything less than a civil war. The election of a Northern President would not be the signal for the declaration of a Southern Republic. There are two great p arties in the present contest and one small one. The Democrats support Mr. Buchanan; the Republicans are for Fremont; oI the "Arerican" party Mr. Fillmore is the nominee. It is difficult at first sight to understand how, in a Republic, any true citizen can be other than a republican, or how, under a Democracy, there can be any but Democrats. But these are only the names that distinguish the advocates of opposite poEcies; both the great parties are republican, but cc with a difference." The system of slavery is what divides them. The Democrats, to give the shortest possible definition, hold that the federal compact, the constitution of the country, is above all other considerations; that it permits "the institution," and leaves the population of every State to adopt it or reject it as it pleases. So the South can coalesce with the democracy, and, if union is strength, the two powers are strong, and they do unite in Buchanan. The Republi3ans hold that slavery is a social and political curse, even where it exists, and that it must not be suffered to extend beyond its present limits. One section of them insist on the "higher law,' above all politicalinstitutions, which must be obeyed esther than the convenient compromises of policy, and contend that tile Federal power may be used to restrict, repreAs, and even to suppress slavery. It is between these two parties the issue is pending. The " American" party is the new name of the Eiow-nothings, who also assert the parmmount necessity of " maintaining the Union," but seem to Shave no other distinct principle except the " protection of native labour against the competition of foreign pauperism," and such a reformation of the naturalization laws as would exclude foreign cc paupers and convicts" from political power. To the last measure no foreigner can have any objection; bat the party is not strong or growing. - A few words to explain the legal forms of the election of thePresidentmay not be out of place. It is not donebydirect election, but through an electoral college, to which each State of the Union sends delegates. Inthefirstweekof November everyStatenames Ms many electors for this body as it has members in Congress, withtwo more, called "senatorial electors"', as every State, small or large, has two representatives in the Senate of the Union. It is believed that the original intention of the framers of the constitution was that this electoral college should ,choose the President at its own discretion; but, practically, it soon lost the power, and now the members are merely delegates from the predominating party in every State, which has previously nominated its candidate for the presidency and vicepresidency at a general convention, as Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Breckenbridge were "put up" at Cincinnti. No senator, representative, orperson holding any office of trnst under the Government, can be a imember of the electoral College. Any one voter in the State votes for. all the names on his party list 'who are pledged to Fremcnt or Buchanan, as bie case] may be. The decision on this election is, in fact, the decision of that of the President if any candidate gains the absolute majority of the electoral " tickets" of the different States. In the meeting of this college, the members vote for a Presedent and Vice-President separately, and the inst specifying each vote is signed, sealed, and sent to Washington, to be opened in the presence of both Houses by the President of the Senate. The candi- dates having the majority are declared President and Vice-President for four years. If no one name has a majority-which, when there are three or! more candidates, may happen-the House of Repre- Eentatives elects from among tnose who have the' bighest number; but in this case it votes by States, that is, each State has only one vote for President, though it may, like New York, have more than 30 me-mbers in the Chamber. The Vice-President (who i3 also Speaker of the Senate) may be elected first, if he is not fixed on by the majority of the college, and this providez for the difficulty that would arise from Congress not being able to agree on the appointment of President before the 4th OI -March; the Vice-President once elected, and the decision of the House protracted too long, whoever is Vice-President. on that date beciomes ex fficio the chief magistrate of the Federation. Thus, if the election Is not decided by the majority of the electoral college, and MIr. Breckenridge is made ViceiPresident when it " goes to the House," if the Vhamber cannut'agree by theA .4thf Ma-rcb, ;that gentleman will gain the chief office, thoughi he i3 candidate only for the - second. But all the real .rork of the election, the *campaign," is done outr side these legal forms, and various and astonisling are the means by whichl "the masse" are moyed. By a communication from the President to the Senate, it appears that Colonel Sumner, the officer in command of the United States' troops in Kanzas, exceeded his instructioans in prohibiting the meeting of the Legislature, or rather the body that claiaed to-be the Legislature, for there were two. The one suppressed was that of the imniigrant3 and settlers opposed to maldng the territory a field for slave labour. Another commuijqcA# tp he senate announces1that the request of the oDieial Gove1om of California for arms and troops, to assist him agaimnt the Vigilance Couittee, has been refused by the Central Executive, onthe ground that he had not exhausted all the legal powers entAisted to hiin to mainian order, and that he had niot called the State egislature together, which it was his duty to doa the emergency.- The Vigilance Committee is, therefore, still the ruling bodym-the de facto Governmient. The next accounts from California are looked for with some anxiety.
SPOBTIHG IXNTELIGECNE. EGAM RAES.-TYST iAV. T:he ImUNXxmEDE STAKES (Handicap) of 10 sovs dach, 5 ft., and only 3 if declared, with 50 added- certain winners extra. 1 mile. 16 subs., 9 of whom declarad. Mr. B. Land's The Calcdonian, by Aiinandale, 3 yrs, 6st. 21b. (J. Lund} . ...... . 1 b'r. I E: (ooper's Lymington 4yrs, 7st. fib. (Well) . 2 ,1r. T. Hngbes`sFirenh, 4yrs, 6st. n lbhtes)....3 Mr. Barber's Newmnarlet, 4 .yrs, 7st -lb. For am).. 4 -Bettiog.-7 to 4 agst Newriarket, 2 to 1 agt the Cale. donian, a to 2 agst Firelight. Won in a canter by three lengths; bad thirdL The KiaG JOHN STAKES Of 15 sovs. each, 10 ft., vith 50 added; for 2-'olds; colts, Sst. 7ib.; fillies, Sst. 31b.; winners previos to starting (matches excepted) 31b., twice, Glb. extra' those by untried stallions or out of untried mares aowed 31b.; if both 51b. T.Y.C. 21 subs.- Mr. Wyndham's Glenmasson, by Cotherstone, Sst. lOIb. (including 31b. extra) (S. Rogers) ... ... .. . . Mr. Mannington's Maudof Athens, 8st. Ulb.(Fordham)... 2 Mr. Barber's Comnotion, Sst. 131b. (including 61b. extra] (Rodburn) .. .. ... .... ... ... ... 3 The following also ran - Mr. E. Day's Slanderer, Sst. 41b. (Farley). Mr. W. Day's Cempanion, Sat. 41b. (Hibberd). MIr. S. Thellusson's Madame Clicquot, St. 61b. (including 61b. extra) (Cowley). -Mr. Newrnan's c. byTheon -Lady Melns, fSt. 41b. (Wells). Mr. Formby's King John, Sdt. 41b. (Covey). Mr. R. Sherwood's Magnet, SMt. fib. (T. Sherwood). Betting.-7 to 4 each agst Commotion and Glenmasson, 5 to l each agat Madame C oquot ,and Maid of Athens, 10 to 1 ?gst Lady lMenlys colt. *Won by three-qoarters of a length;* a length between the second and third. Madame Chosquot was a bad fourth;Sl1anderer and Companion wrere fiRth and sixth; *adv, Men.- lys CO'lti was seventsh, Maget; was eightih, and Kig John After the race 40 to 1, to 1001., was taken about; Glen. nasson for the Derby, and 40 to 1 was offered against Cornmotion. The SuRP.Ey A?'D MhDDLESEX STAKES of 20 so0V. each, 10ft., and only 5 if declared, with 50 added. Certain I penalties for winners. Two miles and a distance. 1S subs., 11 of whom declared. - Major Bringhursts Fulbeck, by Beverlac, 4 yis, at. 121b. (including 81b. extra) (Fordham) . 1 Captain Clinton's Rlialto, 4 yrs, 6st. 101b. (Plumb) 2 Mr. S. Walker's Winkldeld, 5yrs, gst. 21b. (J. Mann) 3 Mr. Barnard's Sirocco, 3 yrs, 7st. (D. Hughes).. 4 Er. Parker's Tame Deer, 3 yrs, t (Ribberd' .. Beti g.-2 'o agstFuLbeck, 5 to 2 apt T)e Deer; 4 to 1aga Win=lMV eld, 6 to I agst Siroco. F ulbeck made all the running and won easily by a length, half a length between the second and third, the other two beaten of. The BErG STAND PLA&T (Handicap) of 50 sovs. for all ages. Straixht half mnle. Mr. T. Stevens's Lucy Loct, by Collingwood, 4 ys, 7st. 51b. (Prior) ... ... ... ...1 The Dnke' of Bedford's Questionable, by ]eron or Gabler, 4 yzs, 8st. 2,b. (Wells) ... . M&. Payne's mare, by Van Tromp, out of Queen Mb, 5 yrs, st. (J. Mann) ... ... ... ... ...3 The followmg also ran.- Mr. Drin;ald's Inder 6yrs, 7st. 91b. (Covey) Mr. R Sherwood's Roe uck, 5yas, 7st. 21h. (Hughes) Colonel James's Garnet, 3 yn, at. llb. (Quinton). Mr. W. Lumlefs Lady Pitt (late 3iss Pitt) 2 yrs, 6at. 101b. hfr. Newsh's Adamas, 2 yrs, 6st. 51b. (Fordham) Ms Osbaldeston's The Pony, 2 yrs, St,fb. (H ibberd). MJr. Hadland's Fashion, 3yrs, 7st. 31b. (Clement). Betting.-2 tol agst Adarnas, 3 to I agat Questioiable 5 to 1 agst Inder, 6 to I each agst Queen Mab ma.r and Garnet. A fine race resulted in a dead head, with Questionable and Lucy Lockit; the Queeh MaLi mare was beaten only a head from the two. The others, with the exception of The Pony and Lady Pitt, were close up. Deciding Heat.-Betting.-5 to 2 on Questionable. Won by haif a length. The RALw.Ay STAD3s of 5 sovs. each, with 25.added, for 2-yr-olds and upwards. Optional selling ghtiW &c Three-quarters of a mile. Piye subs. Mr. Bank's Maid of Perth, by Flatcatcher, 2 yrs (601.) 5st. 81b. (Plumb) ... ... .. ... ... . I Mr. Stevenss Noisette, 6 yrs (60.) 8st. LOlb. Ytes) . 2 Mr. French's Profile, 2 yra (IN0.), 5st. 121b. (Rayner. 3 Mr. lloyd's Britannia, 2 yrs (60!.), 5st. S1b (Fordham) 4 Mr. Mteilis's Juday, 3 grs (60!.), fat. 81b. (Evans) 5. Betting.-2 to 1 agst Britannia, 3 to leach agst Ptrofile and lNoisette, 4 to 1 agst Maidof Perth. A good race in; won hy a head; -'cad third. The winner wS bought in for 100 soys., and Noisette was claimed under the NewAmaRket rule. E3GHAM EiCES.-(Tas DAY.)
THE CAE OF THE BOLTON PoSOxER.-ITUt us take a very brief review of the leading circumstances of this case. The decease-d and the prisoner were husband and wife; the ere both intemperate, and lived toaethe, urnhaspily. We hear of them fighting and on song eh other; of the wife flinging a knife, a rolling-pin, anda basin at her husband; of the husbancl knockdng h wife down and ctherwise theusig her, and having dohis n ng bouts" SWay from home. The servant who had lived nine months w them deposed to this, but addedl that the deceased was " of a quiet disposition." He was three imes drilng for th3ee days at atneduxingthis period. It seemsithat a custom prevzils in Bolton for women to give their drunklcen huseands powders, which have the efrect of making them violently sick and producing prostration. If s rs. aM'Mlan had given her husband these powders upon these three occasions, and upon them only, and he had died, there would have beena, comPleto anwer to the charge of murder, however blameable sae might have been for doing so wvihout his consent. But it was niot so. For mnonths abe mixed it in his food-inl his broth, in the grvy upon hisplate, a his tea, in buttermilk and treacle for his prdge his dinner when he was well, and inhis very mdci en he WEas i sinking, dying of the poison. There is no pretence for en - that he was drunk all this time, but the "1quietness" wassadministerednotwvithstanding. For-the defence itwasurgedlthat the prsner did not know that what she adminilsteredl was a deadly pison-was in fact antimony; but the drggist'ii bay who sold the powders swore that when she asked flor a ",quietness?" powder he had asked her " if she meant an antimoninl or emetic powder ;" and it appears that, although five doses of this noxious drug were sold openly, and-to any child or woman in Bolton for one penny, they were invariably cautioned that it was dangerous. But yet we find it poured into this unfortuinate man'ns system for months. T'rue, he had been drinking for three days, according to) the servant, about three weeks before his death ; but then, even according to Bolton misruse of violent emetics they slould have been, confined to that period ; insted fMwXcm`e'was drenched withi them, even up~on his deathbea, til Dr. Chadwick appointed a nurss to watch and see that.his food, and medicines were, not tampred -with. Finally, she gave0 a false account of w'hat %sh had been doing - denied, at first, having given .emetics at all, althougea they weare discovered m her husband's unusedl tea and.miedicine - then, admitting that she had given him "quistnea,' she' said.that she had not administered any for a ek, wh'n it was perfectly certain that abo had done so the very day before. TIhese are . strong facts; but, luckfily for the, prisoner, thaey didanot present themselves to the jury is the same light in which they appa to us, or, as we beli-eve, to the jiadge at the trial, or the result would have bean a different one. It may beosadthat theseremarls ae harshi and uncalled for;- that t'he trial is at an end;, that the jur, te olearitratos-of fact, have given their decision andtht te risne:ha rceieda punisment only secodtohat f dath. Tre; bt iis at this yoint that the ubli duy ofthepres incrimnaltrials begins Such in to the ignorant or a reminder to thbLgsltr,tha the state of the law regarding the Sale oftededugent of such criraes-poison-is in a state dsrcflt iiie country.-ManchtstU. Gutardiais. CMRnncs LnAsmsoDi.r. -A. return has 'leen publish'ed of the number of leaseholcs in the sevreral dioceses hav Eglandl and Wales in respect of which aspllctohaeboon madel for t'he purchaMse of thq~reversl6&.or for the Wae of the term, or~ for both in parb, ke In the diocess of Qmiterbury.the applications amounted to 9;n York to290 naI; inheser, oT'inm Durhian,'te.5 inGhsmterandB~,~g..~ ii~OIn, oM;ti Lonon o l5;:n. orwch,to 7; n Fterorogh,to
*' '' -''' ' '>-'' EL'-'IR E- - - (PROM OUR- OWN COoSOENDM.1 :; DUISI, TuZDLY MoFNwa, THE IRLSH SOLDIKES OF BTHE OR A. - The- ceremonial'o£ presenting new col6UrS t6 the 18th Royal Irish Rfeoanent ca me off yesterday at the Wellington TestiEonial inMthe Phcenix Park, Although the original progrnisii of the pageantfor reasons already stated-unaderwent material 'cur taibTsent, the proceedirigs were not-without a more than ordinary share of 'interest, asd excited con* aiderable interest in the civil as well as the military cormunity. The following account of the affair is condensed from the morning papers of this day.- "This ceremony, intended inits original conception as a mark of honour to a dsingsheAd regiment, and ndirectly As a Public tribute to Irish valou gaieraliy in the Crimea, toop lace yesterdayi74 th§ pluetnix park. "lne -.-tbli eginen6 sAed from- Richmond Barracks, under the command of Colonel Edwards, C.B., shortly after 3. o'lock, and, although not more than 700 or 80 men were upon the ground, presented a remarkably fmne and imposing appearance. General Lord Seaton, G.C.B., Commander of the Forces, appeared within the enclosure about 20 minutes past 3 o'clock, and rode down, in front of the line,, accompanied by a brilliant staff. -His Excellency the Lord-Lieuteiant arrived punctually at half-past 3 o'clock, attended by Captain Fraser, 'A.D.C., Captain.Marshall, Captain Chaplin, Captain Everard, Captain Hutchinson, and other me=bers of the Viceregal staff, vFith amilitary escort. "Upon hisExcellency's arrival h 2was received by the l8th Royal Irish with presented rms, the. band playing, the NatC nal Anthem, and subsequently a regimental march as the cavalcade passed down alon" their front. Having arrived at the extremity of the line his Excellency the Lord-Lientenant asnsmed a position in front of the regiment, with Lord Seaton to his right, while the new colours, that only a few hours nreviously arrived-from England, were held at either side of his Excellency's horse by Lieutenants Cooto and Fearnl6y. '-The regiment, having been form-ed into three sides of a square, was then addressed by the Lord Lieutenant in the foLoivng terms:-- 4' Officers, non--commissioned officers, 'and privates of the Royal Laish Regiment,-I believe that at almost the first moment of yourarrivalfrom foreign lands yourfineregimenthid the honourofbeinginspctedbyourbeloved Queen, andthat she directed to be conveyed to you her gracious approval of your gaLant services. It is only, of course, in the character of-her tepresentative that I have now the extreme honour of delivering these new colours to a body of men tbus sngished both by Royal approbation and, still more, by their own brave deeds. . In addressing the regiment of the Royal Irish upon so interesting and happy an occasion-the first of the lind that has occurred in the ancient capital of Ireland since the close of the late memorable war-I almost feel that I might carry my view even beyond-youroiWnwell-filled ranks, 'and include all your countrymen who, by the side of their intrepid brethren of England and Scotland, and of our brave allies, have taintained the honour of their Sovereign and their raco aike by their briliant valour and their heroic endurance throughout every turni and period of the desperate struggle. The ridges and dales of the far Crimea, the deadly trench, and bloody parapet, all are crowded with their thousand proofs that the historic courage of Ireland has exhibited no -a ng off in the verv newest of her soldiers. Confining myself, however, on t1is occasion, as is my proper business, to your regiment a-one, and to the services attested by thoze old colours now about to be replaced-and not, it must be acknowledged, before the necessity foi doing so bas becorne tolerably vious to aD who lookuponthoshonouredgeds -I find certainly quite asnuficient abundance of glorious and' stirring recollections to make a selection, within such limits asmy time and my voice place at my disposal, no easy matter. In the earliest annals of this regiment, under the immediate eye and guidance of a hero King, it planted its colours on the breach of Namur; and accordingly those colours to this day bear the name of Namur, and quarter with the Lions of Nassau the Harp and Crow n of your own native Ireland.- From that date they followed a yet more consummate general-the great Duke of Marlborough-through all his campaigns and all his victories : at the sieges of Venloo, Liege, Menin, Iisle, and Tournayover the battlefields of Blenheim, Ramillies, Ondenarde, and NIplaquet. Perhaps I may record with less pleasure that your reggiment crossed swords with our American kinsmen at Bunker's-hill; but - there, as elsewhere, they nobly did their duty. I have alluded to their services under Marlborough; we have had in our own daTa chieftain more iUustrious than even Marlborough, but e duties of distant service prevented the Royal Itish Regiment from actuaUy fighting under Wellington. I speak, however, almost within the shadow of the monument raised by. his countrymen, on his own native soil, to that great warrior; I speak-more touching association still-in the presence of those whose hoary hairs still recall the bright careers of glory which they pursued, may I say learned, under their great commander; and I call upon that mute gray pillar-I caU upon their time-worn and honoured forms aamy witnesses that the Great Duke himself would have approved and sanctioned the ceremony of to-day. (Appause.) But I have not even yet exhausted thetrophies of th Royal Irish. I find them serving, for the most part underlrish commanders, at Alexandria unaer Cradook, still ' in Egypt under Hutchinson, in China- under Gough (loud cheers)-that revered Irish veteran, now happily hero to witness your array. in peace as he swayed your energies in war. (Renewed cheering,) The Sphynmonyourflagspeaks for Egypt, the Dragon for China - further yourimpetuous onset carried the formidable Pagoof cE rtiban in the last Burmese war; and latest of all, the memorable day of the 18th of June saw you actuaUy housed within. Sebasto,ol (cheers); and the name of that great Russian stronghord, now just added to your victorious colours, closes, Up to this day at least, the long list of your glories (Ienewed applause.) These are the colours I may now deliver -to your faithful keeping, your regment has won these honourable emblems mn every quarter of the globe. In addition to the duties of soldiers, you are now called upon to exhibit the Virtues of citizens - and let me remind you that one of those is to live in brotherly union, and not to think hardly of each other, though you may worship vour Common Father in different houses of prayer. iCheers.) I feel sure, however, that no such lesson is needed under your present excellent officers. Rcceive, then, your new colours, men of the Royal Irish, at mv unworthy hands (appluse); and it can scarcely be unsuitable for me at such a rooment to put up a fervent prayer to the God of armies that they may stU, as ever heretofore, be the rallying point of victory during war, and float above you in blameleas honour during peace.' (Cheers.) " The address was delivered in firm, distinct tones ; but the high wind prevented the Lord Lieutenant's voice reaching to any considerable distance, and it was altogether unhear.d by any of the spectators beyond the lines of soldiery. " The escort to whose keeping the new colours were to be confidedi then advanced, and.the junior ensigns, Hutchins and Motherwell, received them kneeling, according to custom. "Colonel Edwards, C.B., addressing the Lord Lieutenant, then returned thanks in the following terms.- "'gay it please your Escellency,-In the name of the Royal Regiment of Ireland, f retain thanks for the great honour your Excellency has deigned to confer on us by pre. senting the colourswhich itwill beheneeforward ourhonour to hear. 'We have two reasons to thank your Excellencyfirst, asthe representative of our belovee' Sovereign, you have condescended, in your high and exalted position, to conferthehighest honomr tbat canb'e conferredona regimenlt serving inlreland, and, secondiy,your Excellency's personal consideration and attention to ourwsheshavebeen suchthat, with your permission, for a moment leavingaside your station as the representative of Her Majesty, I would return you our thanlks for the kind manner in which you have acted. Your Excellency has so favourably and flatteringly alluded to the past services of the gallant Royal Regiment of Ireland that it would be unnecessary for me to say anything further on that subject; butItrustlmaybepermittedtosay. that, shoualdthe Almighty Dispenser of events a'ain cause' the clouds of war to darken around us, then-rceaiing in mind the wayin which these colours havebeen proesnted, it will be our honour-it will be our glory-and it will be our duty to carry them to that point towhich everysoldier should endeavour to carry them-to that point where discpline allows Lhim to go-to that point where victory will crownhis efforts.. (Applaws.) The presence of your Ex. ceUency, and of the distinged noblemen, gentry gen. tlemen, generals, and officers, who are'now standing iy us, shows the Royal Regiment of Ireland, that we have been welcomed to the country by our rulers-(cheers); and though for a moment the-dark cloud may appear, whenx we think that after an absence of 20 years, on returning to the capital of that country of which we bear the title and have borne the title for three centuries, we have not received any public mark of approbation-still it is our duty to forget these th'ng3, and torecollect that, as Ireland's sons by birth, by connexion, and by association it is our duaty to makethese colours show the- generous public of Great Britain that Ireland's Eons wil still do their duty, and will ever wish to place Irish- soldiers where I may say with pd theyhave ever been, and ever shall be. (Applause.) By it please your Excellency toreceiveagain ourmost humble thanks.' "The escort thenimarched, with the new colours flying, into the ranks 'of the 18th Regiment, which received them with presented -arms, the band performing the national melody ' Let Erin remember the days of- old.' The entire regiment formed into line once more, and having marched past the 'position occupied by his Excellency, filed off to their quarters in Richmond hlarrcs - " The old colours meanwrhile had completely disappeared, thc custonsar ceremonies of leave-takhng writh these glorionsrelicsbeingaltogethez omitted-pe=rhaps by particular de5ire;,-the general disosition appeared to ber f avour of gedting them off the ground and'back again to the barracks as quetly as possible,- although some obstinate -persons would insist that-they vere to be carridto the Cathaedra,of coureo, having the walk for their pains. - They were, in fact, brought back by the regiment, although, probably, not one in a hundred cf those present was aware of the fact. Neow colours wero to hive been presented to the 18th on their return from tho Burmese eampaign, but at that timeo pressing was tho want of reinforcements that they were oobe to proceed diret to the Crimea, and the ceremuonial of yesterday thus became doubly their due.". FLAX OCTUBLF, IN IPELAND. From the official' return of Tfr. Donelly it will be seen that the increase in the numaber of acres devoted to the cuiture of f;am in the present year amounts to 9,875, or an increase, as compared w,ith last year, of 11 per cent. The extent of land under flax is, however, much less than in any of the four years preeding the last; the quantities being respectively 140,536 acres in 1851, 137,008 acrce in 852, 174,579 acre in 1853, and 151,403 acres in 185. It further appea that the increase this yar is confinied nearly altogether to UlsterLeinster and Connaught shoWing together only an increare of about 1,000 acres, whle sunster shows - deor of 3l' aWTe§, Pneg i m7 :- i 'eputation as the largest-fix{riicwg couiWzn | Ulsir'; -Tyronesitands' ~nint in Qraer'ro'f mlerit, LoIdonde -r . t-he third," jDOwn ihthei fouith i :lonalgban-iunthe fifth ,2nd Armigh in thesit pLIc ' I ui 'ech of these aountie there is an intreaae, the a Iaroets being hrDowe, while in C avn i-i aermeigh' and oA sagh -there is a decrease* the pgodn tioh of Antnmn alonf e 1oavi fallen ofu to the exntiitof G97'acres.: : .. - S course of-an elaboratec review. ipot the state and: pruspects or Sthe harvest, which - appears In'the .of tbis da'y, 'the writer thuw touches upon the condrtt'ib' of neopotat crop, anda iipon'the rumours. of the helappearance of bigbht: of 1846:-. ' Wedonotwbellm inthe:ujiai o thich our ears arenow accustomed, that the-diease is jut£-as virulent -as in the Worst years of t3ie dise*e, ;'e hive been bheZirg that sans intenriission for the asf de6eade of.X our existence and re-5Ult have invariably falsij5ed the Pred'ctions ofthe anti-potto prophets. Some cases of mnsondness, no doubt arew&llfounded, but it is reposteras=to parcel out afourth orfifthofthecropascertsito decay. Iastyeara modestesti mate of 25 per cent, was anllowed tar rottage, but we are much nearer the truth in asserting that 5 per cent. ws not lost, and every farmer wvill confirii our. assertion. Never since tleblight set in did the potato better bear the pit and -storethotse, which farmers consider the, best praeof of its restoration tthe old healthy condition. The sprouting, which usually took place in theobegiuning of the year, and weakened the vital powers of- the:root, was Wostponed -to: a ,unch laler period, so that the, seed reiched the ground- in the very beit,state, and we have now the fruit in an uea-ly crop of unexampled plenty and excellence. We d6 not dcny disease, but the extent, so far as it his yet been dovelopWd, -is- perfectly harmless. Iin fact; since - 1852, when recovery set in ane has -siice steadily progressed, -tho potato crop has not been -inre promising, notwithstandiug the few blotched SnSCins adduced to convince us' of -error.- Ask the' retailers what they think of the crop-and they are -the most competent judges-they will tell you just what we tell you, that it -i egua to, i not better than, Iast year's. The market is abundantly and everly supplied. The evenness of the sui ply, and the uniformity of the selling-price, are tho - strongest proofs of sounTdness *'or if decayhad beei general, or if the farmer apprehended it, he would be- in a hurry to get rid of the crop while it vras still ssIeable, and the conse-quence would be overstockxed markets and lowered prices. Because he is in no fear of -the fuature, he digs out and sells at his leisure. The starch manufacturer is no longerin request. There is no exorbitant demand on the pig-mar ket to fatten before the, potato becomes useless. Al these trifling facts are so many unernng indicic that the farmer is satisfied as yet, and, unless-some extraordinary change sliould' occur, con,gratulates himself on more than an aveiige crop. Whea we ear inmind that -of the increase in green crops, -Amounting to 115,000 acres, alluded to by his Excellency at: the Atbiona mneetlng,not far from 100,OQO6acres wsere planted * with potatoe<s in excess of last year, w e-may form some estim.-ate of the quantity this year. If we estimate the -vlue of an acre at the moderate stun of lOI., the additional crop will be worth to the farmer something about 1,OOO-,OOO0. sterling." THE TnANSATLA2,'C EORAP'. The lUnited States' screw steamer Arctic arrived at Queenstown on Satirday, after having, been 23 days out, from St. John's; Newfoundland. 'The Arctic has been engaged in taling deep sea sound' ings for the contemplated line of 'telegraph between Tr@'and and America.' - '- CO.PErMTE M fATINTO. The admirable principle of competitive examination for all appointments of pullbic trust has been extended to'the future filling up of vacancies in the Irish constabulary.- At a recent examination held in Dublin Castle 16 candidates for cadetships presented themselves, four of whom were declared successful, and have been appointed by the LordLieutenant to four existing vacanciesin the force. TEIFtNDS. Throe per Cent. Consols, 95 94t; ditto for account,- 12th September, 95 ; New Three per Cent. Stock, 95i 95, ditto, for accounit, 12tn September, 95~. ; Eining Company of Ireland (for account), 14 A. Railways.-Cork and Bandon (for 'account), t1J'l Dulbuaud Belfast Junction (paid in full), 52; Dablin and Wicidow (for account), GA Dundnak and Enniskillen (for account), 14t; Great Southern and Western, 5S; ditto, paid in full, 19f-; lidland Great Western and oyal Canal, 54; Waterford and imerick (for awcount), 24A 25 25i.
* BRIBTISH ABCHOLOG6ICAL ASSOCIATION. BRIDGEWATER, TUSDAY. Yosterday'afternoon was devoted to an examination of 'the local antiquities of this town. The parish church is a large aructuretof red stone, principally remarkable for its slender spire, which springs from a tower*l74feet in height. It contains a roof and srerens of black oak, and an, altr ;piece of great merit, which is said to'have been taken from a French privateer, and presented to the town by Lord Pawslett. The association nex;t visited the only remaining Testigo the castle wall, g now for the 'waHl of a stable in Catesre. Bridgewater Castle,a the time of the Bebllin, asone of the stogetinte kindom. The sscaonalso visited the hos nwihAdmiral Blake is said to have ben. horn. L An evening mneeting was held at the Tovn-hall, at -which a pa ron the history, of the town of Bridgewater was read bybr. G.Plarker. - Mr. Planch6 nxo;t read a paper on thoe Earls and Dukes of Somnerset. .. The proceednatgs concluded awnith some weferenchs by Mr. Black- to the s tnniments of t the town and corporation of Bridgewator, which are of great antiqzuty and in exdellent preservation. Among otherdocuamentswasalist,edrawn np in the reign of Edward IlL, of all the town lands in the county,v in th nature of an assessment, in which the town* of Bndgewater is caled upon to pay more than louble the amount payable by the inhabitants of Bath. This morning the assciation left Bridgewater at 9 o'clock, on a visit to Glastonbury Abbey - and Wels Catheo dral Some interesting notes of Glastonbury, its legends, hehoythorntrees, mandoit abbogtser ayr. Beattie, which uwasnandy admirt.W , -eetheyvs extnst of the eabbey,a and other ougnfien& -ofit appontments. St. Joeph'tChpeleonwo the beetrddnt w settel resof the emetranstionry fromth Normn BitonTh powinteds the west -end, thescltre rihssoisnrh entrance, and the lih utessad airy turret of the exterior wal on t south side. Therunins of the church ,and the roofless chapel -of St. Ma%ry, with its pointed -windows and archways, -the Abbot's kitchen, a curhous specinmen of domesti architecture, with maassive walls setrongly buttressed, and a oicturesiu turret, and the George Inn, the old pilgrim's house, with a pibturesque front, dat ing from 475, made Np tog thier a rdh feast of t antviquarian interest. The association then proceeded on Their way to Wels, where they iwnpected the cathedral and other object- of 'curiosity. Mr.t pore w, theVice assent,reofad a letter 'from the eminent antiquary, M. John Britten, now in his nth year, containing a concise account of the antiquities of this ancient city, its cathedral, dioe7 ters, chapter-house, Aci Mr. Brittin says of the cathedral of Wt elso"In this edifice the wholehistory of Christian architecture, from the Norman invasion to the Beformation, maybhe said to be in. telvedi Although it does not contn any specimen of the purthe angoNormahon era, it displays examples of the vere earsont pointeharhes,with their usual coneomitant members; its30 ws commenced about g1213. The lover of architecurl atiuiteswil be induced to dwell especialy onthe .gorgeou wsfrn,with its elaborate and beautiful sculpture, th nort porch,and the *hole assemblage of buildinn as seen;fronthenorth.westangoof the cathedral yadY Mr. Britton wMil be glad to hear that the nave, thLe transept, the choW prsbyery theLadchael,thechapter-house, with of he ssoiaton.Thewes frnt asbeet truly described as one of the noblest Gothic tbgodes in the kingdom, and, .with its 300 statues, forms a gallery of e-arly Christian art. Among thes remains of the piety. and reverence of a former -age the memb~ers of the assocatidon lingered -with delight, -matil, the approach of evening warnhed them to rMtrn to their qutarters at Bridgewater.
SATacOi FIsHwa.The ooded state of the Tweed for about 10 days pzi:Vious to this week brought a good number of grilse nto the tipper vaters as usual at this season, and during this week there has been some excellent sport ith the rod. Eis :Gzice the Duke of Rloxhuighe caught 30 grnlse in Floors-water on Wednesday-a number. whEich can only be remembared-to..have been exceeded once in the Tweoed,wvhen the late Earl of Home, one day, a great many years ago, lled 36 salmon and grilse. Richard Dennistoun, Esq., Pinnacle-hill, killed 10 ish on Monday, :9 on Tuesday, atd 6 on Friday, in Mfakerst6un-water. The Marquis of Bowmont killed 14 fish on: Tuea 7 on Wednesday, and 9 on Friday, in Floors-watur. We derstand -that Mr. D. W. Brown, of Longformacus, and Captain XPellett bave had good sport during the week in Rutherforid,water. Dr. Elliot, of Stratford> killed -7. ish in Birgham Duib on Monday, and 6 on Thursday in. Floors-'water. In Sprouston-water several gentlemen.hava bad fai. sport duringthe week; and at Carham snunmber of fish have also been taken with the roL-KeZ.so MaCi, Aug. 25. * EB MxcnzarICS' I?Nsmru'rsO1 :ExninrTION.-Th programm of the iroceedings at the openin of the hibition of Art and Art Manufactures at the new cb ancs' Institntio n, tManchester, has not yet been finally arranged, but after the formal opening in the morning by Lorsd Palneston it has now been arranged that the evening -nieeting shall be held in the Theatre Royal, andlord Ashburton and l ord OTerstene have been invited to take part in the proceedings. Only the holders of season tickets of a guinea each ure to be admitted to the proceedings in ahe morning, At the Theatre Royal; in tho evening, .guine& tickets admit to the dress circle, and some stlls which are to be Ilaced in. front of the pit. Mem.bers of the institution suabscribing-a guinea per annum wll occupy the pit and upper circle, and ordinary members 'nll oocupy the galleries. Places will be ballotted for, the purchaser of a number -of tickets being allowed to balot for thewholeofhisparty. NTearly 1.000ofthe guinea tickets have already been dLsposed of,-and, as the nimber of soason tickets sold bifore the opening wil be limited, it is exectd that no difficulty will be experienoed in' disoesing of the remainder. The articles for exhibition are beginning to 'arive, anda cae fromi Pince Albert has been reckived. SContributions from the Emperor of France, containinr -Gobelins tapetries and Svres porcelain, are expectd every da.. - ttz ntR s£Wo}olysn.-The inqxiiry into tho circumstances of an' iUeged floggineg of..seieral *omen 'of disreputable charctr in. this workhouse by the- nist- Rya.n, and the porter4 ina zesmue d yesterday before kr -Care.- lAfter a protraced sitting the pr eeedi-'ad , une. * , ,.,,
THBE-OYAL FAMXLY OJF OUDE. SO1THAMPTON, TuEiDAY. The Queen of Oude, with the heir apparent and their suite, will, itcis understood, leave Southamptonin a day ortwo for London where suitable apartments have beem engaged. and fitted up for their reception. Since their stay here the Royal party have been the object of much atten. tion and curiosity, and have been visited, amoig others, by the Earl and Countess of Hiadwicke, Lady St. John, the, Lsdies Yorle, Sir George Polloelb Sir George Woombwell, Admiral Aysoough, Viscount Royston, the Mayor of Sautkampton (Mr. R. Andrews), ana saeverAl ladies and gentlemen of the town :-nd neighbourhood Gentlemen were, -o course, not admitted into. the immediate presence of the Qaeen, being presented only ts the heir. apjparent, but severad parties of ladies have been presented to, and. politely recelved by, Her Majesty. The Queen and -er advisers seem determined, if poesible, to enlist the sympathies of th people of Eugland in their cause, and unsparing effortsin ibis direction ar being, andc wi be made to effeot thisobject. Whetheranp amounyeE success will attend these amoen vors is piocdensticalE at present the interest exmited is one mere vulgr curiosity on the part of the multitade, who desire only to see the dresses and agc oitnets-ef the servants and followers, and gredily iiiint he absurdtales of the fabulous, wealth snd jewels belonging to. the Royal party,r'hicbhhave been industiously circulated.. dsida& the usual rabble of boys consequent on soue occasion, nuimbers of respectably dressed peracns, -with now' and thien a carriage flled with occtiantr, are to be seen iutenkt? a.=g at theexterior of the-Iloyal York Hotei v.iere th;e lustrious pty is located, And great earefeieni tacen to secure a m6ht -o£ theladies of the y pary, -.h. sometimes takea sl± peep tbe uTp r rnm 'upont the congregated .umbers assembled iu t ea tt .belw. Although the appearaoe of the -BFriesand priacpd attendants is most surb, by raon of. me slabotate' and costly drewes with whic they ae attired.the a of the inferior aerrantg present an uxosualty .1thyaa nnihtly -group. Ra-ging on the baumnent floos of the ho arellarge nummbers continually to.i seen, lounig in. the most careles ianner, or aquattin before & clarco4 fire either cooldng some article of foo& or indulging in the' fumes derived from a dirt opium pipe. -Thentire floorof this portioa ol thcing stofted htheedotg f inhabitant* aud, in appearoe mwch ceseibles tke ba* preises of- an eteive rag m raobaie, tha-whoe be' rendered more U3np nI tlq4oaat-y of -dirtw each ariicle of dress apparently ceafrns.T DUrig the day groups of *a inleAior- sesvaats alg foWoe ame atulling about thit , §eloweUo by a erwiw of idiri4 and itIS-ith diffitu*hate i;h susa basiness -o souse parts of the High-street isprooeqsd WiA. - Sincethe preeat&ions wV&toOkplaoe ljst Sady ta-QuQen o. Oude -hm; dodins to 2*"iva ore strangers,- na remains p2f *ly "eude&' iTeinoes lave availed themselves eF a drivve thro4L the principol streets ol t L toWn, a a.iVa l thrMh the,, splenuid avenue at the xj5th anutr e of SouamUtoem 'with Which they expr.4 emaelrn- deEll tar T6-daj none of the loyal visitor ba-v f their esi~ dano, hs isto epm esac.ibtentte-ioss 1!ire --timo oftheir. "aen d i, 'I= =. hba lrthe presst leftrh me, des,be'f.bemi *o, erafmed by- Ma3 ottrd, lte tis*ant Brihst aeisant;-t Uude, and Mr. ndor, who d the Rq par on their paeto gisaa; o formsr entleman, it salaD, ie eeedb tdes y w exi beweim z ein i . Pha-Nb} *36.' Q Bd-oo as ith tile X i4 xi I to seuea p rri4uofoe thQeu i: . ..- "=...7;
F(BSEIN L.TzLa"w . A,O1 ' [A poInon u!trh folowfng p 1i: sea oend ol.l Eo:: of ed.s-1- ftmolt Om OWN comame-mm".) Z, ? , 1, X -,rAI idONDAY, 6u P.5!. Englishmen are so accuomed to gray sides, frequent showers, ant3a moderate temperatr'er tha it needs but a short duration of nterrupted BaUshine to make them pronounce the heat tropical, and ifre unendurable ascept in the ahade of a grove or on the bink of a fountain. Every summ,er that reaches7the average heat annually felt in Central rope is apt to be declared the hottest Imown in the memory of the most ancient Briton, until some matter-of-fact meteorologist comes forward, regit andquiclilver in-hand, to prove that five,or ten, or even two years ago there was a hotter. But present evils are always the most poignant, and we are not surpriied to lean from birds of passage that, the thermometer having marked 90 de.in m the shade, London has become a desert although the general idea of the Parisia3s is, that when Londoners are favoured with such a rarity as sunshine they ought to ba too happy to stay anid enjoy it.", But eve though one could hear a pin fall in Piccadilly, or dete- o;a sprouting between the kerbstones of Pall-mill, London can- hdly be emptier than Paris of those favoured classes which contrib-te so essentially to its lustre, brilliancy, and bustle. Thle "carriage people" have all departed, and the ignoblefaccre has the crown of the causeway to itself. In the height of the afternoon, at the hour when lions most abound there, 'the whole Italian Boulevard could not supply as ny as owuld stock a couple of dens at the ZoologicaL. As for the Bois de Boulogne, were it not for the incursions of adventurous foreigners ancd the Million of nobodies, wolves might be expected shortly to show themselves in its glades. Yoreigners are here in large numbers, but they are not generaly of. th higher class of travellers. One hears an imrnense deal of Spmish and German in the streets end public places; nd Moldavia andWallachia, whose natives are great ramblers and devoted lovers of Paris, haveo sent u3a large contingent. Engl^ish, of course, are in' considerable numbers, recog,nizable, as usual, by, their eccentricities of costume and manner, which. many of them seem to think it not only justifiable but proper to adopt as soon as they step off :nglish ground, even though the capital they repair to be quite as civilized as the one they quit, and as little accustomedt,o phenomenal shooting coats, distorted fideawakes, and low-crowned nautical "straws" with oilskin covers. But for the foreigners and for the provincials, of which latter the practised eyes detects a handsome sprink -country cousins come up to see the town-it is hard to say what would become of Paris until such time as the reflux commences, and the sea shore and themiineral spring, Baden and Biarritz, Vichy and Enms, and all the hundred other resortsvwhicl now (to say nothing of BIoscow) are crowded from cellar to garret, seud back their thousands to winter quartrs on the bamks of the Seine. In vain do the theatres bring out novelties intended to be seductive, in vain is there great activity at the Franvais, and a new extravaganza at the Palais Royal, and a new famtastic ballet at theOpera, in whichthefascinating and vgorous- adame Ferraris gets within a hairys breadth of dancing upon nothig,Paris is abroad in the fields, and will not heed stage players As for the restaurants-I mean the dozen or two artists on whose productions people endowed with a proper degree of self-respect can alone permit themseives to dine-they are reduced to consume their own master-pieces, and the very waiters are getting pink and plump upon a diet of sweetbreads and peaches. But even more to be pitied than cooks and actors-people to whose nrafessions the dog-days are notoriously unfavourabte.- are the redacteurs of the Paris press; for politics seem to have followed fashion out of town; and, the papers are at their very wits' end to ffl) their columns and interest their readers. To do. that in this still season, when even legis.tors anddiplomatists are hushed and holyday-making, they resorb to devices varying according to theirg idiosyncracy. Some have a favourite topic, a. conrtant resource, which they can always bring forward at an emergency, just as a provident housewife has always "cold meat" in her larder in case of unexpected calls upon her supplies. Thus the AssemUlf1e .iaeioncale canl always fall upon England' and unveil her horrible deeds and designs, -howr she means to pocket Sicily and monopolize Rforocco; and how she drove over to merica aZl the Ishmen whom she did not prefer starving to death; and hor-she is now cruelly oppressing the Mauritians, and, in short, signalizing herself wherever she goes by cruelty and injustice. Some of the papers, hopeless of a political topic, deal in essays, philosophical, literary, and metaphysical, and others, whose instincts are bellicose, pick a quael with a contemporary. The saintly, albeit somewhat scurrilous, Unirters has gotintoavery pretty quarrel with the Ami de I ligion, and the two religious journals daily pommel each other furiously, three or four bishops having volun:teered to act; as bottleholdera for the Unvtr's. A contest with the latter paper is liable to much the same objection ase a fight with a sweep, by whom, even if you thrash him, you must get dirtied. Hitherto, however, the advantage of the encounter has not been with the UnTiers. The Constitutionnel rather astonished its readers a few days ago by presenting them, in lieu of a leading article, with an essay from the pen of 3f Granier de Casagnac, entitled "'The Demon. of Socerates." The object of the essay was to ascertain whether or -no -Socrates was mad. It was not very conclusive, and it excited surprise b) its coincidence with certain unfounded and absurd riziours, which malicious persons had just then set alloat and done their utmost.to propagate. The Coun-itutinnsd has gone on so strangely of late that there have not been wanting persons -to saythat if any one has "abee in his bonnet" it i3 its directors One of - the chief of these has just got into a fierce qurel with the SiMc,e on account of - an article in the latter paper entitled i"The Political Becalmed." He will not admit that Europe now enjoys a calm after the storm, seems to consider the idea of such repose an insult to the progress which characterizes the Imperial rggime, assails the SQck 'on all points, and even accuses it of bad grammar. Notwith-: standing the* disadvantages under which an Opposition paper now labourls in France in any contesti with a MKinisterial journal1 (especially if the latter be disposed to make the most of its addvantages), the Sudsl is well able to defend itself agaist its present antagonist. Prince Louis Lucien Bonaparte, who was at St. Sebastian when the insurrection broke out at; Madrid, and who was desired by the Emperor- to~ return to France, is about to re-enter thae SpanishI Basque provinces, with the object of studying theiri language, antiquities iand history. He is anxious t comlpare the. various dialects of the Rasecense,~ which are verywamerous and differ widely fromi each other. His ranblate not expected to extend' beyond the three provinces and Navarre. ThZ fessagesr of Bayonne says:- "The Emperor and tho Empress walked arm in am: for an hour on Thursday on the beach, and His Ma zesty, noticing that some bathing machines had been de -troyzd by a strong tide on the previous day, ordered a'sam.l of money sficient to replace them to be given to the owners. On Fliday afternoon, after a shower of rain w'nich refresihed the atmosphere, the Emperor and E1m-. .presa left the chateauM on foo' without any attendants, and. walked to the 'etremity of the beach, amidst a cro7d! od visito`s, who fell bhck to allow themn to pass. Their lajeatcs- then ascended by a n=rrow path to tlie clifes, and arrived at the Atalaye, where they seated -themselves to enjoy the splendid view of the sea and of the -easS of Spain. Their -ajeties thea reued to the to asi. visted tsa new c&urch, af which they walked hack to the Pt-3M On arriving there their MajMesies f6und that tae Mwquis de Tmgot, Amassador of France at ztsr4 -had arived, and ho ha thehonour of beng invited to dinner-" In the absence of the Emperor the Council of Mnistm is presided over by f. Ab2 atcci 2ia e of Justice. He, in consequence, will not be able to attend the Jouncil-Gensral of the department of. the loirel, of which he was lately nominated President, and General Count de Salles, Senator, Vice-President, replaces him. . The Minister of Public Works has addressed a longcrcular to the Prfects of Departments, iecting them o obtain from the chief engineers of the departments answer to a seriesof questions respect ing the cauases of inundations, and Tihe practical meaares best adapted to carry into efect the sugges. tions contained Via t. e lttor of i2l of~~~~~~~ito of< . 21A 'The foUowigpriielntel.phicde3patiiis ' been receved :. - ;; .G. f. * "Te -Jourd lings iutelignce fromL CtantSinQpl to the l4th. --- "The Journcl`de doanstinopte dielareifihit the union of thb Daunuiin Principalit illegal. : -: "Of the 500,OPQOOO piutier required for the Bank of ConstantinopleZW0,00,OO0 ire e ubseribed in one dAy." __"MASEILES AVG. 24, GEVE . "Ou hazbouri- ddfully7encunbered, zad complaints !.reinadeof te ufiieney-of railras. T arrimla con-- tinue, andthe eoakrer idec ilfle estimtes aSt 909,000 hectolitres the r antity oef wrheat oome to lian since theist inst.; notwithsaiding the prices contiLue flnmi. .- - ..'0; U5T PEThSBUR(B AU. !24 -The presentation to the aEmperor Alexander by the Count de%i..orny of the_Grand Cordon of the t:egion2of Honoutr took place vnth'gre ceremony. "A violent &hock of ertictqiuake ,s been -feltin' th7e. Caucasus,. - . . The shopkceepers of Paris are now renewitg theirr stock of goods, and their orders have imparted 'considerable activity to the provincial mctireis, particularly atRouen, EZ1bnf,Roubix, -Dd lLyons. Tlhe fall if the price. of grin, which ,had made additional progress durmng the first 'days of the week, has- been again checked;d owing pricipally to 'the scanty supply of' flour and the wants of the bakers for their curren:t, consumption. 'lour sells at this moment at prices 'comparatively higher than wheat;, because I of the drought,- which for the last monthl hasprcvented mills from worng and considerably reduced the supply. Prices accordingly became fimer, mind on Saturday the first qualitV- of flour fetched as high as 96f., and; soxie even 98f. per aeck of L57; kogramnes. The price of wheat at -the Halle is merely nomial, but the fall is general in the markets ' of the departments. The. downward movement extenda according as the results of the crops are bettser anpreoelated, and the deficiency m the South is e u by the arrivals at 1arseilles, which since the 1st of. Auagusthave amountedto 900,000 hectolitres. The e is no change either in the cattle or wine mxarkets. . -TheThree per Cents-dosedt6-dayat 70f. 40c. for the end of the onouth-, the Four-and-a.Aalf - pej C-ents., at 9W.75c.;. Orleans Railwayshares) 1,395f. ; Great Northern, 1,045f.; Strasburg, 93ff. Oc. new shares, 85S.; Paris and Lyons, I,39Tf. Sc;I Lyons to the Mediterranean, 4,97f. a. ;- Wester4si of France, 957f. S0.; Bordeaux and Cette, 77f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 685f.; Lyons and Geneva, 80f.; Bank ot COrdit Mobilier, 1,6i0f j Ausrian Railways, 875f. Courn Au a-PinTs Aug. 25.-CuIa Brca-t Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reiubursable for 10 y ers),! 95f. 94f. 70c. S0O., Three per Cents., 70f. 70c, 50. ditto! Loanof 185 (70 per cent. paid), 70f. 55c.; dittoCticates, T70per cent. po'd,, 701. 55c.; ank Actions, 4,12Sf. 4,100f.;! Crddit Fonder, Obliations of 5OOf., Four per Cents., 440f. ; dlito Three per Cents., 397f. 50c.-; ditto Tenths, Four perl Cents., 87f. SOc.; ditto Threo per Cents., 80E.; CX?t bMo-i bluer, 1,610f.; Discount Bak, 690f.; Piedmoutes Fivew per Cents., 91f. SOc;; AustrianFive perCents., 8; Begilani Foulr-and-a-Half per Cents., 994; * Bmans 88s; Spauishj DBeferred Converted, 254; dittlonlieriorDebt, 39ff; Tuxkish¶ loan, 103.1. Exchange en fDondon, at siht, mone, 2Sf.' 27fo.; tb~ months, money, 2Sf. d RUSSIA.. i (FROM OUn. BUKRIM CoRSPONMsTr.) BEREiN', AUG. 2L. The Kreuz Zeilung is informed by a correspondent: in London that in the early part of last week-, Lord Palmerston received a note from the Russian. Cabinet, in which "The complaints of the EnglishGovernment astotbe, manner in which Russia has carried out the stipulations of the treaty of peace meet with a complete answer. - The note is described as taking one by one each fwct of which the English Goverinment makes a reproach, and in each case depriving it of aU ground for complaint equaUy firmlv, and happily. The note then expresses itself in generAl terms with reference to the misust shown by the English Government. It is said in it, that Russia concluded peace in. thefull hope andexpectationthat confidence would follyand' completely retarn' this expectation, however, could not be otherwise than completely disappoiled by the distustful' policy that Englandhsd assdmed. One passage is more par- I ticularly worth notice in the Russian note. TheEnglis'll Gover-nnent had, it appeaTs, on some occasion declared that if it could have known beforehand how Russia woudd have; put the terms of peace into execution it would have kept its I troops six morths longer in t Crimea To this the Russian Cabinet answers, that would of itself have put an end to the; peace."~ - ''bl The followingletter lathe Harnfbue-ger Borsenliall7e,i fromn a correspondent in St. Petersb7urg, dated 18th. inst., is w7ell worth notice. I have hitherto founld the writer of it well informed, and believe that it isi correct in its s3tatement;s: - 'I "It is afflrmed'that' this Cabinet has laid down for itseli as the rule of its policy a wise moderation and reserve with reference to the internal politics of the States of Europe. The recent events in Spain, their results more particularly,, hare excited its attention to a very high pitch, and suer' withunizrerwapproction at0Court. A imi1ara noWtd-. mentwcs alsosotbs withhAddfromtaeautitsude and Aea risz of the Heapolian Governent and of the internul policy -of Denma,ar.. It is, however, incormet to sappose that this Cabinet has in any way communicated to, tIe respective Courts its approbation, disapprobation, or advic.' This resolution of the Government, which meets also with she sympathy of the majority, is evidenced in the endeavours it is making to maintain a good understanding vith France, and to consult the commercial interests of England by moderating the tariff. Fhance's motives for not prosecuting the war further men here know how toA ap preciate, and Le. de DIorny, Iord Granville, and Count Esterhazy wil have opportunities of remarldng it. It hasi produced great satsfaction here to fLnd that France has not made the tardy surrender of Karm and the lighting Up afresh of the lighthouse on the Isle of Serpents ground for a vote of want of confidence in this Cab.i net. All the attempts are in vain to justify the want of delicacy that England has shown in remiindlvg Rusia, at the very moment when an AmbaLssador froml her to the coronation was about to' show himself here that Russian nowspapera committed a mistake ir. 1856 when ! they affirmed that the Black Sea was a Russian Sea. DJaitteurg, the events in the East will in 'no way deterorateI our relations with France, and the iresent Government will avoid, as msch as that of AlexaUder L'did, excidinug9 the ilMwill of England by any measure- adverse to Che comnmercial interests of Great Britsin. Measures have been already taken which evidence the serious intention of the Government to remove all unnecessary obstacles froma commerce, as far as it is possible for it to go. .In this respect I need only pOint to the reduction of the duties on sugar, -which lately slarined oar mazafacturers of beet. I root sugar so excessively that the press received instrus. tions to.put a stop to all its discuasions about prohibitive and ptotective systems.' he diplomatic corps was to leave St. Petersburg for MIoscow7 on the 22d by anl extra train, so stoar-; rive there in the evening of thaAt day; the Impria family was to 'leave on the 28th inst. The special Ambiasssadors to the eoronation are notv required by I etiquette to make any official visits in that dapacity* they send their cards to the Inisters and other 'hgh offlicils, who on] their part are reua red personaly to wait upon the 'MAnbaseadors. When the' later re these- isits they do so MI plaii-cIothe* and not in uniform. .The nearpr the day_of 'thac tiion approates the more numerous the departureaeforMs o ow,sothat their agreat numbers almost amnount to an~ emigration. In addi*ion to the nAumerous stgersn just now visiting Moscow, the town bas been forj many weeks past the focus for operatsives cf all sorts! to stream to from all the: surroundingf country, who 'find there just now superabundant employment and double wages.' The work thatv is jus now engrossng all available labour is thEe erection of 'ncnffolding| for spectators all the' way from the Petrowsliki Palaceintothetown. Thisistheroad bywhichthe, Emperor will snake his solemn entr into the town; on the 29th instant. On the Clhodynsld fields, also, where there are tobe tablei laidfor theenttain-, 'nent of several hundred thouand persons, there are large numbers of scaffoldings and stands beingi ereted for spectators rho 'prefer to look from a distance 'on .ti motlev throng that- may be expece to take' pjart' in the diversions prepaind for' them there. A lithe church steeples are areesAy'de- aorated or surrounded with framnework for the iIk - mination. I the marke-place there are triumphal arches erecfed in skeleton, waiting for the folae Iand garlands t+hat 'are subsequently to decorate them; and aill the houses have been renovated' and have put the best faoe upon matters.. 'In the environs the roops are encampyed, and when 'thed Ilarge surfaee covered- with tents is looked 'down upon from an eminenc3 the country thereabouts looks as though covered. -ith snow, with patches of black composed of -the ucovrered earth s howing through. The price.for a single windowr to see the corontion procession pas by seems to vary from 1SO to 200 salver roublesF O tile General Bodisco, th -miuitX': e4 o h Ru*ian Xmb*a - in Stockholm,'died there'o iihe .-7Jth just, o02 cholera; h& haid niturneod the' Aiy Lief oreo on board the taxiaerfrooiLubeek.. No lcss of cholera mhowed themselvei dung the paage, ;buat after. a-diiia severalJ.passieng6rs fell I,.. . ,the last two days.t,here were si ,caae$of cholera Ji'tock?lmon of which f6iur, if. not l o faIid s>WEob of w Hehfow, Btofive,proved fx al. General 3odoco had foi mny yeari -beonittached to the ision in Stockholn, at the head 'of which vo. vn Dawchkoff stads, in the chaaceer of MEUtary -Adunct, while- it- was,onl lait year thati M. von ~zazareff was, attached- to it in the ¢apa3ity' of, Naval Adjnct.' Jn additionto-the lst-namel ge':tleman,' whlose official 'tation is -Stockholm, the <Russian V'icAdrnfra von Glasenap is,'still inspecting. all the Norwegian marite estbbsh meats and arsenas very carefully; fror, these elaborate measures of precation and urveil lance the r rest o urope may measure how apprehersive - Rtzia is of Sweden's attainina an. amount of -defensive strength -that would relieoe her froml al fear of her oe wering. neighbour.. Tn the. meantiame'the Swedsh journals- continue to repeat withgrat pertiuacity the confidont.state-: ment that-the usains are commencing the conver-O sion of the iland of Kaskoe, known to be very Uitable for the pureose, into a fortified maritime estab1iihment.' General vonVBerg, who was there- at' the latter end of last montb, accompanied by,two. engineers, is undestood to. have inspeted -the works aleady in progress there. The Swedes profess to dread the future Kaskoe more than they did the psBomarsund, and their papers say that the Government has taken steps to coluteract these plans of the Russians by sending Captain Rendberg to PaTis, thouglh how people can expect to counter. act Russia by appliEcationx to Paris is by no means e-vident. . ' -. The new Russian Minister at the Courts of the Grand Duke and the Elector of lesse, aswell as to the Senate of Frankort, M. de Ibensld, will shortly take upl his residence in Darmtadt,'haVing only a bureau in Firankfor, and his predecessor,: M. do G wlinka Will soon leave Frand ort and nro - coed to ItieJaneiro, where he wil be accredited to theEmperor of BraziL , -. ^.' AUSTRTA. - . A letter from Vienna inthe Cologne Gazee, dated1 the 21st Lnst., says -- - . .- " AsregardstheNeapoiitanquestion, themoment appears not far distfor matters to come to acriisi between the Aatrian anid eOapolitan Governmenti. The last news from Naples is serionta, and does not admit of the aLightest- doubt that King Ferdinand decElines payfng any attention to the'remonstrices: -of the three,great Powers. It is not improbable that, some energetic demonstrationwill 'o made, and that he wil be ultimateiy compelled, to acquiesce in the just demands of the other Powers.", - Baron Hfubner, the Austrian- Envoy, arrived at Naples on the 19th inst. The King being at Gaeta, Baron Habner imnnediately left for that place. ITALY. A letterfrom Tnr, of the 22d inst., says:- - '"Piedsoei is arming and maLdig warlike preparations, asif the were on the eve of a new collision. The fortifica- tions of Alessandri arnd Casala are rapidly advancing.' TFL: 'toops are employed in constrcting the works. Grand military mnoeuvres are about to take pLaco, andthe nister of War has ordered the commaindersof thdmllitsrydivigions and mb-divisions to suspend ita delivery of furloughs; in order-that as many men as possible may be present under, -arms from the lsb of September to the 15th lNovember, the, period fixed for those manceuvrcs General Trotti has s.' sumecd the command of the fortLess of Alessandria."- The BRs rgim to of Turin announces that in consequence of the sucCeSS which has attended the operation of establishing a:n electric communication between Cagliai and Algiers,:itliR in contemnplation to establish another between Cagliari and ,lta, an enterprise towards which the British Government is willing to contribute a considerable sum. The subscriptiong opened for the purpose of pur. chasing1 guns to an the new fortificatioa:kf Alessandria aready amount toaonsiderable sum. All the municipalites in the kingdonx-will have soon contribu'ed their quota towardsthat national object. The experiment made at Massa Crrara didnot suffice to open the eyes ofthe t innparty ana eonviicethemthat aimed attempts.bave now lost all chance of succeeding. A, band of about 30 younig men lately landed in the Maremma, near Orbitello, bat a detachment of Tuscan Gendaires easilyvrouted :them, ith the, loss of a few prisoners. lazzini was said to be in Piedmont, but others consideredcit more likely that he -remaned concealed in SwJitzerland,s whence he .continually forwvards pdw'. clansations to lia partisans in Central Italy, where he still exercises some influeice. . - - The Roman Jour,ad of the 19th inst. announces that Prince Flavio- Chigi, Archbishop of- Mira, Ambassador of the Pope to the Court of the Emperor Alexander IT.; left Rome, with his suite. for ERussia on the 17th. The Pope has just appointed the following Councillors of State for the Finance :--Prince Orini, for Rome and its provinces; Count Ronchi, for Ferpara ;- Count Beni, for Urbino and.Pesaro ;. and Dr. Joseph Nebbia, for AscolL. SPAIN. Ouraccounts fromn Madrid are of the 21st inst. The G=ffe publishes a Royal decree, exempting from the payment of all -sorts.or duties until the 1A of Jne, 1857, v-easels importn from foreign counf-ries, to the- exclusion of other articles, wheat, flour, barley, and Indian corn.! The said articles *are also to e free from all tolls,the Government undertaking to indemnify the farmers &c. - The Government had concluded a contract with the Bank of Spain for aloan of 60,000,000 reals, payable in three months, at 51S per cent, interest. :ThoTreasury is not' at this' rioment Tn want of money, and, in ,case there should be no necessity to realise the loan, it will allow the bank; a small premium. - : General SernMo, Armbassador of Spain to Paris, was to leave for Bayonne on. the 22d.. General Dulce, Captain-General of Arragon, had been ordered to prolong hi stay at Saragossa. General Marchesi was still talked of for the post of Captain-Generial of arroon ; General Martinez or -that of CaptaiGenera o f 2Burgos; Generd Garcia for the government of iNavarre; and General Erique O'Donnell -for the general command of The former Governor of Gerona, General Felipe Ruiz, h'ad-wrtten to deny, in the most formal manner, having escaped into France with two -mules lad.enwith money. - - - - The GovrnMent was anxious to renew frieiid y relations with the Roly See, andto make every con',cessio -consistent with the constitutional system of the country. The situatioiiof,'theprovince-of Cordova is truly 'deplorable; Every day incendiary fires take place in the rural districts';, and the authorities, notwitlk, standing their exertions to. arrest t-he evildoers and punish the incendiaries, have not- yet been able to apprehend one of them. -- - -
1' ----.THEB BAI AT COrSNTZI.OPrLE. ;- - : t: ' ' - - Afdvertdsempnt - The Imperia Otto4ron Go na n nor2ned1 iSthat M. uvd Clhanvel aseerth' he is oweedof' rin an granting him the exclusive rivil ego ofestib ' A bank at Constantinople, and thathe pretends to have tlie ighatof procediangagainst allother ptieswhbo Muy'm. dertake thiforition-of sach-an esta'olishment ini th-e Ottoman empire, have felt it their duity to declare throeh their lmbassy at Lodon ThatT Trouv6 Chauvel doe not, pess6 ay firnan- or privilege whatever for the formstion of a bank in the Ottoman empire, such a fima or privilege having-never been concede4 tohim by the Imperial Government. -- That some years since a certain number of bankers and I merchants of Constantinople did, . as founders, obtain a firman from the Sublime Porte. for the establishmeat of, a privil -bank; buit M. Trouv6 Chauvel, being mlknon to the Iar.erial Government, was not of this number. IHow. ever, as the grantees of this firman, who were bound br thb terms of the concession to puttheir project into efbtcwithin. afsed time, underrpainof forfeiture, failed to Derfoxm that engagement, and 'did not succeed in raising thie neessvy capil, they'relinquished the enterprise, and -.ve the -SIblime Porie s iolemn declaration of their renunciation, and the firman was consequently with iwn and can=elleL That the granues had, on their pxrt,n xads- a contract -with h. Trouve Chanvel, who botnd himself to procure.for them the necessary fands within a given period, and Ut give security for, or to. depysit, a certain sum, onthe exuires oondition that . he did-not fulfil his &igagements within -thb ixead tim6 the contract':would become void and be coosieIdered.as ofno,efibet; but that% in. consequence of :1M. Trouve Cbauvells non-performance of his engagemeats with the grautees, this 'egreemen:t was also amnnlled. s. is stted i hatro acs, paedrespectively on the 9t'bof Juno' ~ndthe -2aof Septeber,. 185 in the Chancer y of.the Frenebh Era hassy at c?nstatinople. ' e th - i aAepn f e sjPiza' twill hc next production Troy heAe#Im.eridan'a(B.) I)mnsffo 7yor}i (twhe editioon..Onlent.:.Tba lUyIe-d p Luca Dayf-tll Duleunak5fuptSabrecgh..te *^ihootforScadl-h Cap-hoe PCrit -and £zare o with theti 1759 at flcr-ae 7Meatre-siogra PIC3 n "calai. S etch by M?. Ie igh Himt. 8ro.awe, inrie Qnl Uano, ]lm 'Tess and. CO., 85, Quecn-ztrcee C;heapeddo
.-T-URK-EY. -. (FMOUR OwP vo1SPONDY"T* - . eONSTT rN2NOrLE, Aro. 14. I send you to-day the. project of" i-.-Imperial Otoman Bank drawn up by the Tukish Govern'ment' ahd communicaste-to the different pirties "who ardsirous ofdertakinguch an enterprise. :lie~ whole prj, 'isia ki,nd of r,sunz2 of aU th,ediffteiet' projecs, ,which,had beenmsubmitted to the 3lorteand, as a project, there. is very little to say about its general features, ekcert that it -is 'too elaborate! and too perfect to arise' a of a sudden where there is as yet nothing, instead of beginning 'more ,mo,destly, ad extending itself gradually, which would -be.'the more natiral courge; this, 'forice, making the loan of 5,00, L sterling a conditioai for the esablshment of the b4mkt - and makinga the withdrawal of the paper money and the .e d '-com a preaimary operation rather :than a reiuitof the baik operatioris. In the details of th6eproje'ct the mostremarkable point senmsstobe 'the..:illusion.'hich.expects to get the loan of 5,000,0001. at 90. iBut it is not.so much about ho advantages or dis4. advantages of the project itselfas the idea of iug3 'a project:at all that I should like to ma'ke some mre- marks. In theory there is certainly'n-othing to say, against'the princile -of competition, from which_it. seems to-proceed; but, if -one looks at the project practically, there is no competition in it, for competition implies offers on the part of the companies,' among which the Government would have to.choose the most favourable, while 'with thisproject the Go-' 'veniment lays down its own term, whIich the comrn 'panics vwil have'to accept. indeed, -the only effect which the, project.islikely to have will be rather, to drive some of the competitors from the market, audj "among these, probably those who meanit in3ti 'ho'rtly, fSor the 5,000,0001. loan at 90 cannot be inken without a heavy lose, nwhich rst be coipensated somehow or other, and it is to be expected *that those who ae least conscientious about ''thoe' ',zkeans by which they'can make up forthe lo-s ijlli ibe lik;'ewiso most ready to-submit to it. But - as itis even more probable that the Government will find' mnobody who will take its terms, the whole question; -*ill be reduced to a bargan at what rate the loan, -should be issueJ, and thus the futurt industria, Ina commerciai prosperity of the country will, be *made. dependent, upon a secondary. point of only0 .miomentary interest. -Th e answer which the Turkish Government has. Io' this' objection', is, that loans are concluded ina ,every 'other country in the same 'way. But the vircumstances in' VIzopean countries are different; there loans are isolated operations, which affect oaln 'very remotely";the!general system of creait.. Ia 'Turkey this loin involves tho question of the.fAxtbie financial condition -of'"the' country. The chief con'sideration, therefore,i which ought to lead. the .Turkish Government in the choice of the ComPa 'for the lormation of£ t}im national bank is whioh ",f ;them offers the greatest moralgaarantee, and whichi 1ill inspize great1gt confiddnce to foreign capitalists vwho would' be inclined to invest their money in' :Turkey, for, acbording to the project proposed by 'the Turisdh Government, the mri9efal' Ottoman Bnk will have'such. paramount nfluenice on th& system io£ credit thlat it mist become the mediator 'not to say the arbitrator, in every investment of' .V'uropean capital' and nobody will be disposed to lend his money without being convinced of the irre'proachable chamiter of the ruling national bank. A. And.this seems t6me the :chief objection to the ,scheme i6icli is. afloat among the native moneyed .men of this pLace to form a bank principally ofl *native capitalists, who, having in their pocketsa 'good number' f! 'tlie Pashis who will decide' theI .'question of thebank, have now some chance of success. The 'worst feature in this project, however, is the want'of 'faith which it shows on the part of thZ .Turkish'G-verment, and wIuich-is certainly not cal,- cilated' Sto b'''''wge European enterprse in Turkey. As you 'know,' they have been negotiat-. ing with thb.'Ottoman Bank, 'and now all of A' sudden they turn 'round and treat-the company likei the fiirstcomrer.' - 'he neootiations ware carried on puost brisldy during-the Absence ofthe Grand.Vizier Aali-Pasha 'by the Ministerfor'oreiga A:ffairs, and now, in oider" tA> accoitnt for the' non-accomplishment 6f. the pimisoiiade, theGkandVizieri, as ,usual, mnade a scapegoat. 'er MajesWs ship Gl;diador,*hich,aa you lmoi -went uD to. Serpents'.Island has'(onefromthere *to Odesia,to represent tothe 6Fverior the propriety' of withdrawing''the 'six:.Russians'fro; Serpen.s , rlard. Th-e an'swer 'was, as one might expect, > reference to St. Petersburg. Until this anrivez the' .CUadiatoxrhasi-etumredto the island.- Karsiiiuat1ie by this time evacuated. A Russiat' colonel cate-to Erzerouiix to fetch a Tiirklish oficer, to whonithe place Will be'given over. The accounts ,about -the part ,of the Ifortfications blown'up by the' 'Russians vary ; accordinug to some they destroyed only tlie 'outworks on ' the Xaradagh' and biher' .constructed, duringthe `var; according to others the: .citadel itself w2s nbIbow3n up. *General Storks, and Captain Macdonald, his As. tistant-Quartermaster-General, left last night on' board Her Majesty's ship Harpy for England.. I iave' -ofteni hd occasion in my correspondence :t6' neition the name of General Storls. There can be only one opinion of the admirable way in which Generi' Storlks 'discharged his: difficult' ad- minisatrbive duties, and'.of the high talents 'which' he showed 'in a-.mfost difficult 'position. Placed'as: h was,,- .ho:ne Government, the 'Commandei-in-Chief. in the Crimea, the Taidsh Govermefit,theFencdh militW authorities, and the British Embas y he kept well with aU of them 'without giying ltp - own position. During the wnvxer le had frdm 12,000 to,O000 men of all ariins lmder his -conmand,.'s6veral Foreign Legions, -and 'many szmaldetachients,andthewholeforcewasinhis *hands a'model of a well-behavedarmy; scarcely an .excess oreven. sr breach of discipline,occurred during thetime ,fJisTa&ki'inttion, yet both he:and Captain M$a6donald, -who assisted' hiu so ably in the details of 'administration, go honie witffout havini "Been. hith'rto' iioticed, 'athough' no one could pass tharou' Co` nople during the last *eig,htmonthawitiiout perceiving everywhere traes *of: the acttit.'. It may be hoped. that, now their 'tasisdone,Govementllrememberthem.' The exc'lu3ive.privilege £f navigating the Prath; whic,i, as I told. y.ou in 'my lat, ! was conceded to Captin Mairu,an, is likely tO CallSe .embarressments-and to-lead'to a discussion about' the fre navigatsion o the' Danube and its tributaries. 4aptin Magnans claim, 'rejected by "the Turldsh Government, baa-been taken up 'by. the YFench Embassy,1while, on the other hand the Briti-h and <Austriu Einbasssessuppost the 'Thikih Governent in. its fl. decision. The Tu;kish G'overnment. is, conequetly, cmnFarsedtiaving'bee3naccustomned so lolg-to try:to be. vgreeable to'aillparties,ra.her than to judgeb the-'quesfiions at issue' 'on their rro~per. ''The 'disbanding of th ?dlish Legionl is goinxg on. A oodiiember of a sldiers and. offlcers have taken srvice-ithAthe Turks. 'The 'original plan in dis; jbiawdino' iel3egion Was to give every man the g I tityj of a year pay, but,'as they weire paid accord- to the scaIe. of Tuish soldiers, thiswaulahave only made 21. lOs. for the private soldier. lately this gratiity'lias' been raised -lo 101., an a depuAtation of tho offlcers'6f the Legon went up the other *day.t'o Themapia t6^"ask the :Anbassador to 'convyey their thns.forithis liberality .to he Quen. 6urnt Zamoysk s charged withi the. distribiution' o£ tljj Z!tyi_a'nud in 'general with thedisbadiig 'of the ,Qn. ,lajor Bre,'ts has, takenlover' their .tores 'which arde to be dposea of.' 'Xtold ybu .t the tinie that Rcdschid ;Paha trip ',to, sgypt was iconneted-by many with' a 'poitical ,,bject,.'f.o whi, .itere'.was "'no. trace. Now, some Trieste papers. .insiuate that he came back from his voyage -the bearer. of .50,o00.1 This is i'othang b'ut.<thegtoasest . falsehood. It 'is a-liabit !stilla:lkePt opiin Turkey that: the person charged jwith-a-iMissiom in: ono,of.the7;senii.independeiat prop' Pmncrs, preven any. influentil ptrsouvisiting-auxy .bf these terni-independent vassals of the- -Porter-l-, ceivea aIhands6iraepreient; without :its i beig com- Iutd-iinto ahyhing ba. : rIndeed, the.. Sultan foft imally aithotrize Ppeopl to ; acep t -uch pr3aents, and .no ,doubt Said 'wnash was very inuch inclilied, -t .folowAL±h oaldcustom toAi ..to, whom his *faMilyo6Wes so: huch ; buLt he was 1a ude. to. under' .katAfromthe.innhig thiat it wonl dbe 4iielezs Ltroublie; nd so nMbtevenu theoffer was inade.- rTli fteleogiaplcabld.to Vna 'ia brokeira 'few *as go close to the awe; but itis a gan repaired, n in ior g order. - PlOJECTOF- IMPEI ALrOTTON"N 1BA7X. ':- -, '- F.RST P~T " Art. L Tholmpe*i,Government-wmil intzst ^oempany, composed of. ative and foreign abaiholdeer, With the formation of a 'bank, under the title of n Impe il ".2. The capitalists who shall 'mndertake to form tiji bankwillbeit& 'founderl and the cai of the bank will e formed by Sh s- partly itn the Ottom7 a empire, parley in Europe. " 3. T'he active cpiall of t-he btnk -Sill be in ate ljtn * -3,300,000O med s,oios,-uor 3,000 in . s;en]i. the Ottoman Govarmnentt or the bak my 'feel the neowsity of augmenting this capitl, the G:overmuaeni and thfe bank'willfix byanitul conPsenit the sum for which newx sa2re*il-heiaed. -- , - -"4* The~founde,rs willihae to euscribe at leas 20 per cent. of the 3,000,tOU. Acrt wrhich is to form ahe capital of thie bk,' ab i thcynI liave to depeaIt90per cent, of this.suhocr.ption as a guaratee in the Bank of En,land or-rsce. -,"5; The"bank .Wll be laced under the general laws of the Ottoman empire in Donformity with the fundamental situte, -whilch wl be aebliAhed fom6 the beginning by. tle nIPeril Government'and the founders, and whichie 0 be gublihisbdxL - - '6. The bankil be- independent in its adminiration it will be governedabydirecors, who will be ned, aoeord-} ing to its statutes, by the feouders and theshareholderL, Thea dmimsistation and revision of the accounts will be in the, hands of a Coniwilcom o0 members named in equali proportion by thefounders and the shareholders A cer-' tain airoportion of ths dies and of the etmbers of the councl must be subiects of the Sublime Porte. The Imoe. rial Governmentwillhave the right of surveillanoe, md will name !a governor, whoseauthority wllbe definea by the sttatuts. 7t. h t e aoperations of the ank will have to be made in conformity with, its fundamental statutes, beyond which 'no operations can be usdertaken, and beyond -which the Imperial GovermenLt cannotforce it to mia.ke any trnsa. tions. If for some reason or other thelaperl Governmenti or the bank shouldthink it aecessy-to modify them or to extend the operations of. the lank,- the Imperial Govern. ment will come to in understanding with the council of the banl; tomodify the statutes in a regur manner. " 8. The fundamental operations of the bank -with the public will be of the same natur as in the banks of England andof rance:- 't(a) To discount bills to faoilitato -commercial opera. tions. (b) To receive deposits of money at interest. "(c) To make advances on ,aoveables and immoveables ,(zeubks ct imnicub7ts), according to the. specialregulations hwich wil bemiade for this purnose. - 9. The findamental, operations of the bank with the 'putlic will be 4' (Q) ¶o discount Treasury hills for a liinited period (a tCrnie). in the same way as commercial bills. 4 (b) If the Government wishes the bank will Indertake the payment in Constantinople of the interest of the 5State loans. ' (c) The bank will undertake the transport of the 'revenues of the Government, when the latter may think fit to iutrast the bank with it. "10. The bank will at no time, and in no manuer, lend money to the Imperial Government or to any branch of the Administration. -"L- The -central establshment and the principal ish oficeof the bank wvill e at Constantinople. The bank may open branch banks in the provinces, whichwillbe chosen for this pupose by the Imperial Government, and the bank and these branch banks wil act in all their operatioua like-te central bank. "12. As, in order to aid agricaltureand industry, the bank andita branches in the provinces will snake advances onmoveableand immoveablaeproperty,the OttomanGovernmabnt, n oTder to give to the bank the greatest possible -swrty, Will aial- special regulationsfor this papose and a mortgdge law, in order to insure the repaymnent of the samis thus advanced, -and before publishing these regulations the Govetnmeia:il *l communicate themn to the founders and take their advice on the subject. "13. n cinforaiity' to t1he statutes wVich vill be made by the IJnper-l Gdiernnent and of the bank, aart oe the 'cpital will be destined excluslvely for this l nd of operktions,'and s. decisioh of the Imperial Government and of the bank-will be cesiar in order, to be able to augment thiefunds destined for this object. " 14. The bank will neither lendnor receive moneyat an interest higher than the snc-imu7n fixedsby its statutes;*n the same way a m7axinism will be fxed for the rate of elscount of Treasmya-ndprivate hills.- "1lo. The bank 'wilt be authorired to issue bank-notes, which will have th -sanse course as metalic currency, and the bank, as well as its branches, ll have to reeem at par spece the notes which it il have thus issued. 16. Thebank will not be alloweed to issue notes for a larger rein than -its capital of 3,000,0001. sterling, and it miust have always in its -possession at least half the-vale of the notes whEich it may b3aveas3ned. "17. The formjnd. e value' of eich species of banknote will be fised'bya specia rtion. -'ic. The Imperal Govnent will have to withdraw from circatidn all its paper money, and will never rgain put into cir-cultion paper money, whether bearing interest erupt. i he Impyeria Government will likewise hava) to alter its- monetary: system, which will be never altered afterwards. It will mever give to any bank either in Constantinople -or ia the provinmces the right toisse DMasik-notes. - - 19. In order toinspire the pblic with confidence the ank, in conE ormity to itg statute, will publish at fixed 'epowhs.thoe resaltof its operations. It will publish likd-othe general- accounts, 'whichS itymil giveto ihe shareholders at fixed periods.- - "20. 'Themanner aud theoperiods of dividing the profits Iof the bank will be fired by special rglations. '"-2L -The bank wihihav3 a privilege3 of 25 years. At Ithe end of that -time the continuation-of this privilege, 'eitherunderthe old statutes,or under newimprovedataues, ill, dependon-the acceptancebythe Govermentand by the-Tank of the. propositionsw11ich either may make for this. puirpose, and ab the expirtion of this privilege all1 the acounts of -the bak wihi have to be regulated aud paid. " 22. In case ofanmnfortseenaocident, if the bnkwere in danger, inorderto-provide forthesafety of the financialeredit of the empire, as-well as theinterestsof-the shareholders, the bank waill have, according,to itas tatuek, the right to invite a general meeting of its- shareholders, and, with their consent, renou6cce, even before the time of the expiration of its privilege, or else ansvend for some time, its operations. "Art. 23. In order to improve the financial system, the Im perial Government, having decided to withdraw tve paer rmoney and the debased currency which are now incirculation, will intrastthe foundeis of the bank with the raising of a loan in Europe by comision for Gavermment account, and for the sum which it wil want for this purpose. ' : "24.Inthis loa' theban'kwillhave no otherfunction but-that mentioned above, and this will be an entirely separate enterprise, undertaken by the founders of the bank; consequently, there will be no connexdon between the sbares destined to form the bank and those of the loan. "125. The Inperial Government wants 5,000,0001. sterling for the -abovementioned' purpose; in order to prove this want, it will prove from the Trasury registers the sums which are in cir6ulation in payer- money and debased coin. The-Governnent will cominiuncate these documents to the foimders of the bank, -and if necesary it will even publish them. i - "26.-The-founders of the bank will procure thiis 5,00D;0D0. sterling. 'by miakng a loan by sabscription in Europe. - The -Government will py 6 per cent. interest oiI this loan, anad lper cent. for a sining fund. '"27. Thiz loan willbeissuedat 90. " - "2S. -The founders will act by commission, but they will take, on'forfeit,a part of the loan. (f somebody clse would take, on forfeit,.a more considerable sum,heshouldhave'the pref6rence.) --29. In order. to give the greatest possible confidence to the subscribers, the Impenal Government will pay the in- I and' the sinking' fund of this loan from the general,resources of the empire; and, to give an even greater gkrSutee,:the necessary suim' will be taken i-m the pro. 00eds of the-Customs 'which "will be designate for this p l-anirom the tribute of Moldavia, Wallachia, and rvia. The sums actually paid on the paper money bearingintest, which ivil be withdrawn from circulation, willlikewise be allotted to this object. These ums will be consigned.eithertothe Imperial Ottoman Bank orto the bankers designated by the founders. In order to prove that the interests of thisloan are carriedto the budget of State, iis .liiewise the sams ,required to ay them, the imperial Government will produce, ac=ormg to its custom,' the budgets of revenues and of expend;turo- -' S30. The Govern aent having degtined this loan for Withdrawal'-fro circulation cf the paper money bearitn aiid not bearing interest, andof theEssi.m Munt&0, and for the improvement of the debas6d coin, in order to prove to the founders that thsebsums lot he spent for any other purpose, itwilluintmst with these operationsthe Ottoman Bank-that is, :tba 'Imperal Goverznmen KWill cometo an understandin on this subject-with eth founders of tha 7luk' Who are. chare with the operationFs of thi loan Wnd the idminsationofthebnk, and special convention Willbe -conclded -between them, ceordnsg to which the prooedd.f the loan-"ill beconsigned to thebank, and in measure -as the bani k sEil vithdraw the papermoney from Oireulation it will pay'the correspondent sum in coin; i will mark them by stamping them; it will show them to the'adinnsrtiono:f the _bank, afier_which they will be su~rnt man destrojed in'the Miiistr of Piaice. .As for the 'debased CoiDnSin measure as they shal come in to the bank, thiis ltter will'pakj their value, wll wWithdraw thein from circuatin, and- wll ascertin - their intruisc valie, 'bhich i*M'be employed for the same urpose. -"31. As th6'eieiution of thesemnoasures, andabove all the chbai . Of- the -base' coin whichi. has. to be withdrawn from:ii cir:ution,-cuinot' to&e plac' at 'one, and as the 'sums which' the Govenmnent il,l have consigned to-the bUInf ei th6 urpose woul'tu lietidle,-whie Go'enent'woulla-have, to:pey';ntee :for them, in' order to Tante& the Inpeial Go ent from u a loss.the ssakiSltbny w.ith these sama obligatons of the old and new loans;, it'-wi eepnthem, and aeen the whenst bereig 4ecesity: for it; and with the inte which it -ill thus ieoeive the bsnk'wDl cover the lessee whithe Govern- mnent' wMoal otherwise'have_to bear ; or, in case t t sombe other- re"ndadvanteouS emnployment should preat itself fr`-thes64 sum,'he'b&nlkwc'll take, ad-vantage of it. This- operaion wi have to be made in onformifry with e ionv'entiociwhich wl be vo4claded for his purpose. ' ' "'32. heji te'b~iik shll lave t.ermnanted tEs' pro 'iaionr tvioeit,i,!renada deai,led ao itsofit,andwill )ubWhathi,n," -'~ : - ''t CO1Oflri@sAr1,(7B OF XA]&We are sure ijmt*Jaeinaority Q ur rdad5 -will- be gla to ibartha the Comay, tinisi gia the oeeatien i6 .one.t jXf a deroWA A d pent, to 'to per annu on ^^oto£i dnidx ;f Gb.'a^ On v^*vvc,lan'1 Jfail,
THE P1W3TTA-VT BffuMH IN TUJ?KF. -- i TO TE RDfIOR OF THE TDES. . _ Sir,-TAkeeveryone whohasfriendswith wropgs to ha righted, I take the liberty of having Tewurse to yotr columns. : Theaecompmnyingletteris addressead tomefromaldy in Turkey contngCristians of various uations, racw; andenominations. The secret, who writeS, is na American ; the president is the Dutch Ambassador to the Forte. English,Amercahs, French, Gern=4 and other Euro*eanss Tarl], Greeks, Armeni-as, and other Ozientdls, are menm-' bers, - . -iwa s atement ame entrel- confimnatory. of your weill timed article of Taesday lsst on Turkey. The vithdralwt of the English and French troopsw test the capacity of the Tarldsh empire for eform, of whica the carrying oud of the promises of the Hatti-lmunyomn is a prim-ry ele ment. I ciing to the hope that that able and generou$ itatesman Ali -Pasha will protect theProtestants. Wheub he wa inEungld I showed him the Imperisl edict framed and glared b the EvagelicalAlliance, iad ho assured -me that the Sultan sould Iknovr of the way in which his paiis of- religious liberly are apDreciated in England. Bat ,the bfforts of both the Sovereign ana his idinister will have thj greater cce of succe6s if 1Th5c 5725 will throw its weight into the scale. I am, Sir. vour obedient servant. c. E. EARDLE IEms, Auag. 23. - " l;Evangelical Allince, Turley Branch, Aug, C£ - "Dear Sir,-I -presented your note -of June 14 to the mnunmttceeof Council of the Tarkey Branich of the Evan; gelical Al ncea ;ttheir last nleeLir , and I was instructed es on their best tl;s for the cordial interest tic nile bvBfiEih ChrstiXns and to send you a brief of ,he_r,esn teiginus conditionof the Eakt; By a fonner mail I forwarded to you our first annual report, 'whiob-talces a favourable view of The stale and prospetts oef RI flrey at -tfhe time it vas presented- en the llttl4 S i 'haa'just been rocliimed,.grants refull igious liberty to Chrisans and Mussulmans Te Governient beemed sincere in caring out Its provisions. English and Fench troops were here to enforcw them, if necessary. The Moslems theiiiselves appeared more iindly disposeed than ever before towards CIznstians, and 'entirely read yto receive the Bible atd listen to its teacihngs. "'2ow that-the-foreiga troops have been NvithdrianM foreign inuence .seems in a great Inecsore to have declin'ed Iat the capital, an.ihas entir-el cesed inthe interior. The Hatti Sheriff -las woused e bigotted prejudices of -the | ussulnians. Tiolent persecutions are excited agaizist Protestants, both by the Christian sects and Ifosle=, ancE there is no protection or redrees. Several aggravated cases have recently beon brought before ore' notice. We have appealed again anda in to the European Ambassadors, wnhohaveinterhsthexuseves-warni in the matter, but have been unable to procure any eief to persecuted per, son., -who have beea unprisowed or banied. - "We have therefore decided- to prepare a full report of theme cases to present tothe Bitish branch. of the Evange4i | Alliance, hcing that through then tho subject of tie mffering Protesints in Turkey rwill be fully brought before the British publc. Our hope in exteding our EZvn elical Allianoc in Turkey is, that -we maythereby secure relgioaun liberty, and advance the cause of - the Gospel in the East.' But ve must rely in 'order to attinsithis, on the aid.bt Christin on the continent of. Europe, and sidll more lpon. ,the powerful support of British. influence and sympathy. ,- *I am,- dear Sir, on behalf of the Turkeoy : h ranch of Tie Evaugelical Alliance,-. your faithful servant, -'- C. N. BIGRTEBR Secretary. - Sir C. Eardley, Bart"
THE SUSP.-MD MUxRxn AT HA3n N OuVT.- On Monday, in acordace wit previous rrentsg t, lr Brent, the deputy-coroner, attended, in company -with Tfr2 Heekett, an anatomical dissector, from London, at the flampton Churrlyard, to witness the exhumation of the remans of Lewis Solomons, who, as already stated, is sus' pededto have been nurdered, in orter that they migmt bndetgo further and oinre minhte examonation; Dr. Gare rett weo rad m=deitheprevious pbsn openenl ecoiniffnag, lwas in atoehdance to puue ris inquiry further, as a doubt had beeni thrown on the real cause of death, and several inf dividuals directly interested in The matter were alroweato be present. The grave in d hich The unfortunate deceased' remains were deosited having bien - odened, the cofein -st lifted to the rface, and, afterbeingnplaced in a prnlnerupoi tion for themedical examinatlon,the li ags remwoved, wheu afrightiul spectacl met the viewr of the spectators, irons the awfEully putrescenti state of the corpse, which.appeered.to be in the last stage of decay. The body having1been care' folly reopened, )mr. eskett directed his attention to the more seriously injured internal organs-the heartandlung.s, and, ftr a careful exraxnnaton, severa large swan shots I vere discoveredjin thb left aung. It was therefore evident that the decemed's death wa produced by ,rearns, and niot stabs as had ~been previousl ought The stomch aof the deceased with its contente, oter wit other portions of the body, which might have become impregnatd -with poison, baying been- sectred for subsequt anali If ny0_0saly, and-sealed up in a suitable Jar, the rec main were onco-Iore Consigned to the grave, whi-h was then Sfed in, and the proceedings tmninakd. Altboughi the jury will by. tbis means learn the real ea5e -of 1hbe deeed's death, ythyno means wilnylightbe tbrown on the mysteriou6 aii&r. Th1epolehaebeeunableo dis over an'fursr satisf*actry clue to the matter. Up to the. present time nio eaponwitl iich te deceased couid hae committedthedeed hasbeenfound, either in the river,which 1Svey shflol wwhere his body was picked Ua, or else. whre. The fact of death being. the effect of a unshot orpistol wound rather enshrouds the adhir in greate- my rySan 6uspicion than ever, for t should be borne in miul& the deadly wound wit on the left side, and although it W55 ~prohahle he might have indicted several stibs on that part of his person, ytiwould eem somewhat improbable he srbuld shoot b ziifU on that side. It 'might have beie done, but then lie would not have gone to the trouble -o bfting hIs jacket and Guernsey vest to commit the act,- and it is evident that none- of his garments were perforated in te lea st The. supposition that the poor creatore was uaminated appears to gain groiddiiy, andthiswlflbe tiongly snpported, oup to the further anatomical seloVso and tbe hOt that the poioe hve been unable: t discover anything of the large sum seen,in thempo5o of the deceased on the day be wa;s missed for the firt time. . - - : - Z - . ! : gTB S W Esc, FrsH -The fisheries in Corn: iall have been in active operation ag the last week or twro. At PotIioe the drift boats have been takindgfrum 12,0Q0to 13000 flue pllchards per boat per night; one bot took-in three nights 60,00D ana wards. At Eelsou to tatchers of pilbhards1iave averaged froxn5,000$o 20,0W iper bea At SL A es je dt b ik a quanty of p11 czhardrsi ad a , The former eo U at 2i Der lhundreand The hengs at dilitb. t Looethe beejahve bese au-inzhfromf lXi,CO0io 9,00 9ird pet eta-idght, whzich acM ai'|tl& .2Wb s f-i u-'s ,itnlyfine. A fewr days ago asenl ee abutX Cagitb ad ernclosed abot eW hdsof in' plL- hs, -s th- -b Devep|bir eea & hib dl santtY . us ahasbentkm i few da~! 10 ioo.o wer drsawi asbore ein thtmaia atoTerrsa These da pusasd sprt so vSD cd nf as-t dais's themn oil th coe uasd an,y.penoe su~h thesein4sk hands. The ruackerdl soldi at frenu 3. to is. per 100.
BBPOBT ON- UNWROLEsOMR MEAB. The Metropolitn Association of Medical Officers of Health, at their monthly meeting in June, considering this mubject of great public impor-. tance, appointed a committee, consisting of Dr. ILetheby, . R. D). Thompson, Dr. Barnes, Mr. 'Lidale, Dr. Gibbo, and Dr. Druitt, with Dr. Ohal'lice as chairman, to inquireinto the facts relating -to the alleg,ed zale of diseased and unwholesome 3meat in the metropolis, as well as the ill effeots Asrimg therefrom, and the beat mode of prevention. The followmzinreport was read at the general meeting of the asso:iastion, held at the Board of Health on the 6th of -Augt, and ordered to be printed for the use of the members of the association, and for the guidance of the inspectors of nuisances, in carryig out that section-of the Nuisances Removal Act which reaites to diseased or unwholsome food "The comni`itee, appointed by the Metropolitan Associa. inln of lMedsdicWofficers cf Health to inquire into the sUbiect of anwholesoine meAt, report thit -they havo taken every opportunity, of naking themiselves acquaitnted with the facts of the case, both by personal observation and by. conferences 4ith Br. Fisher, inspector of nneat and elaughter. houses in the cit of London, and with UT. Pocllington, inspector of markets, to whom they express their thanks for -much valuable information. * In the frst place, your'conmittee consider thefacttobe *fully proved, thetu e antities oi unwholesome meat are constantly on sale to ower orders in London. At their first meeting, on th3e 21st of June, Dr. Challice produced several specunens which had been - exposed for isle at butchers' shops in Southwards, and which had been either purchased by him or seized under his direetions on the same day. For example, there wasa sheep's liverwhich hadbeen seized. It was darl,' soft, and ill-simelling, and the veins contained fibrinous coagula. There wasa shoulder of mutton, pnrchased at- 7d. per lb * the fat of a dixty yellow, the muscle emaciated, and of a eculiar light colour and sour smelL There wae ,art of asirloin, purchased at 6d. in Ber-mondsey, not ill-looedng, but wonderfullyvthin and quite destitute of fat. There were also specimenaof veal and beef of nauseous apRerance ; and side by aide with thene Dr. Chnlice eshibited a piece of the boiled flesh of a healthy horse, accidentally killed, which looked and smelled quite wholesome, and, a leg of mutton, plump; firm, and of pore white fat, which was desined for the paupeis? dinner in Bermondsey workhouse on the next day. The contrast between the mutton provided by the Board of Guardians for the paupers and that which was offered for sale to the industrious classes was palpable enough, " At a subsequent meeting Mr. Fisher and Mr. Pockli,gton were good enough to bring and exhibit p-rtions of beef and lamb which had been seized, on that day, in Newgateraarket. The beef was thoroughiz wet and soft; the lamb, wet, soft, utterly devoid of fat, in the areolar tissue, and within and around the kidneyi pus was found in theareolar tissue of the pelvis by Dr. Gibbon, and the smell of both Specimens wa incredibly nausous. ' Your committee have also the evidence of M. Pisher, that he often sees meat exposed for sale in the suburbs which he should seize if within his own juzisdiction in the cityi and of Dr. Gibbon, who has caused unwholesome meat to be seized in the Eolborn District. "The fact, then, that such meat is habitUallv offered for sale is indisputable. As to the quantity of it your committee can only refer to a return with 'which they have been favoured by Ir. Daw, of the City Sewer's-office, showing the quantity seized in the city of London during the year IS5. By this it appears that 26 live animals, 612 entire carcsses, 696 quarters,8aides, and 227joints of beef, mutton, veal, and lamb were seizedin that year, besides an immense quantity of poultry, game, and fihs, 'which probably was condemned because putrid. But it must be borne in mind that the city of London is a Privileged place, that themispectienof meat and slaughterhouses isthere carriedon systematically, and that, as hlr. Fisher declaes, much meat which could not be expcosed in the city is sold openly in the sulburbs. "In order to give a useful and practical turn to their labours, your committee, on one occasion, invid the inspectors'of nuisances out of their several districts to meet Mr. Fisher and Mr. Pocklin"ton at Dr. Dundas Thompson's rooms in St. Thomas's Hospi'al, in order that the appearances and characters of diseased meat might be explained to them from actual specimens, and that thus they might be prepared for the more efficient discharge of their duties. - "Your committee then endeavonred to draw up a short summary of the marks by 'which unwholesome meat may be known, in plain, unprofessional language, for the use of in s;cectors of nuisances, as follows: ' The' chief narke which show that meat is unwholesome are, in the fiist place, its colour, which is generallv either dingy or too bright. " I Secondly, there is the smell, which is peculiarly sour and sickening even when such meat is fresh, and very different from the smell of good meat when tainted through overkeepin' " I the next place, there is a sign which is considered of more value than any other. It is a peccliar and decided wetness of the meat, which is also soft, flabby, and not set. ' Moreover, it should be noticed, that there is often a large quantity of blood in the veins, which has curdled there, i and not run out as it does when sound beasts are killed. Or, if there are no clots of blood, there will be very likely shreds and fakes of white matter in the larger veis, par-ticularly in the liver. " ' Thea, there is a whole set of signs which show that an animal, before being Idlle4 was greatly out of condition such as a pale bloodless eye, apaleness of the "bark" of sheep and unnatural whiteness of the flesh, which are often seen in sheep which have the rot. Want of fat, and especially of the suet about the kidneys, in place of which a watery flabby stuff is sometimes found,wnsting of the fleshy pa4 of the meat, and a watery jelly-lke state of the tissue which lies between the muscles, insomuch that. drops of water miy Tun out when it is cut across, are other 'decided sigus. It is to be remarked, that drovers are said sometimes to stiike heavy blowa on the eye to hide the pale look which arises from wasting disease. "'Again, there are some dsgns of special disease. Thus, when cattle have died of pleuzopneumonia, or lung disease, the insides ofthe ribs will usually bc found to be furred up with a quantity of white curdy matter (pleuritic adhesions); and the same is found inside the flanks when beasts have died of inflammation of the bowels. In these cases, !the natural smooth glistening surface of the membrane which lines the ribs and flanks is lost. " 'One thing to be especially looL-ed for is the littlo bladders among the flesh of pigs, which constitute the teisease knowi n as measles; And smilar things in the liver of shleep which have the ret. " 'EPFxperienced butchers are said to know by the smell of meat whether the beast had cert-aan neeicines given to it before being killed. "The above are the chief signs of unwholesome meat; of course they wil vary with circumrstances-for ono animal may be killed at the very begining of an acute disease another after it has undergone considerable wastng, and a third may have been merely killed for appearance's sake, just before it wouldhave died of itself.' "Your committee must observe that, in speaking of unwholesome meat, they refer to the flesh of animals in a state of disease, and not to meat which has become putrid from having been over-kept, nor yet to meat of second-rate quality. The flesh of old bulls, cows, ewes, and rams, for example, is not first-rate, but has nothing unwholesome in it. Moreover, all traces of previously existing but now extinct disease, such as old pleuritic adhesions, need not be regarded; for, as Mr. Fisher observes, if ailmarks of former disease were considered cause of seizure, the market would sometimes be entirely cleared. The presence of animalcules in the liver, if the sheep is not yet out of condition, is not considered suffident cause of 3eizsure by the inspectors, but your,committee are not prepared to sanction the exemption. " There are several other cases, in which, according to the inspectors, doubt may exist whether meat ought to be seized or not; as in the case of a healthy animal dying by acci- dent; and of cows which are just beginning to suffer from j confinement in cowsheds; and of cows which die in calv- 1 ing, the fore-quarters of which exhibit no traces of I mischief. But your committee think that it is better to err on the safe side. Slipped calves are always seized, but the market is full of calves very little different, which are killed when verr few days old, and sent up in abudance from the dairy districts of Somerset and Wilt. - "It is quite certain that very much of thin doubtful meat, together with large quantities of that which is certainly, unwholesome, and especially slipped caleiss and measly pork, is made into sausages, and daily consumed by the public. - Your committee have reason to believe that the fleh of horses (except the tongue) is not used, certainly not extensively used, for human food, simply because it fetches Snch a good price as cats? and dogse meat. " Your committee have learned that most of the diseased meat supplied to the metropolis is brought from 'he counitrv, that is to say, that very few diseased animals are brought into or slaughtered in London, but that they are killed in the country by personss who make this a regular business. 3eore unsound meat, according to the inspectors, is found in -Nowgate than in say other market, solely because. mdre country meat is. sent there. But there are personz, well. known in the London trade, who make it-their business to dispose privately of meat which could not be exposed openly in any market. -- "As for the distribution of this meat, there is no doubt -that iitsurchased after regular markethours, bytradesinen who Ir , it to the labouring classes late in the evening, in the suburbs of vhat ar,e caeled low ncighbourhoods. 'Much meat is Sold by g:s'ight which could scarcely be exposed in broed dvylight. We nLt nowv touch upon the important subject of the ill effects of unsound meat. ThesE tre twofold. Is the. frt place, the consumer is robbed of his fair share of nourishment; for it is notorious that second-rate and, Tsn. sound meat cannot stand. the fire, and wastes in cooking-to an extraordinary degree. Thus it is the most extravagant kind of food, and furnishes one example among the^iany that the poorest people always pay most dearly for every- *- n the next place, there can be no doubt but that the use of diseased meat may be a specific cause of illness. We need scarcely remindyou that the eating of maeqly porkand of ill-cooked animal food in general is notoriously a cants of -tape-worm and of various forms of hydatid that infest the huiman subject. Instances have come under the notice ofDr. Gibbon, Dr. Challice, and other members of the cominittee, of symptoms of poisong arising from the use ofunsound meat partially cooked. IT appeas to lie almost established that, in most cases, prolonged boiling d4eives it of any active poisonous properties; and it is said that the fesh of glandered horses, after being boiled, can be handled and eaten with impunity; but rostidn and fryine are far less eficient means of subfqcting fesh: th6roulghlfy to the prifying influence of heat. - "W7c may allue in pinig to the over-fed condition in which attle are commonlykled at Christmans Dr. Dzuitt las seen several instanCeS of ilness from eating that kind of meat; b-ut it is matter of gratification that excessive and unnatural fatness Eeems now to be less cultivated by breed. ers of animal3, - "Your committee may observe that, althoalgh it may be dificult to prove it by actual cases, they have no doubt that unnwholesome msa, is one cause among many of the debilEty end cazheies,_._the poverty of. blood, and intractable maladies of the Door. who flock to the dispensaries and parochial medical- officura- and. especially of diarrbcea diring hot weather. '-But your committeoieel .that-it,is aquestionwhich unistbe argue.doc-far ighrgronid than.tha~-pf specialuill consequences; they.be-lieve, that public dneny 'deeatds that a stop he puli Eo far as poesibl(-,to the sale of the flesh of diseased animals, and-ot. those whichb1a,vd.died. anatutal death. They appeal to that highestand .dhest, saniry code contained in the awvof Moses (Leviticus i. 39, and xviii. 15), which they would ;villingly see observed atithe present day. .I . I :'"Now, to treat of preventive ineasures:-Your coQmittee, speaMhg with due caution on a: legal ouestion, belirev.that the sae of unwholesome, meat sz indictable, ~ana offence at cormon law, and is also guarded against by several special enactments, which it may be useful to. make known; "There. in thoact 'to prevent the Treading of corntagious or inLfectious disorders amncesheeK, cattle, and other animals,' which was passed in 1 lIlt said 12th Victoria chap. 107),whiclh was extenided and continued in 183 (16th and 17th y iotorie a chap. 62), and mshpliledwith penaltiei against the sale sncdtkeeping of glandered soardi,and which was continued in the pre t jear kv.the act 9th, and O2th Victoria, chap. 101.. By this act is is lawful for snj~ clerke or inspector, or other officer of any. fair or. market, or for any constable, or policeman, or for, any other peson authorized by the mayor, :or, b y any two, Justices of' the pieace has,ing-jurisdict ion'i the -in pce,or for any person authorized .by Her Majesty in Council, to seize all sheep affected -with smallpoL.' And, 'lif anyniest unfit for human Lfoodl,beerposed or. offered for sale in any market,.fair,' or other 'open or pubbolince pait ~shall be lawful for such clerks, inspectors, constable4 policemen, oi other Torsons authorazdas ;aoresaid to seize the samne3 and. to report such seizure to the mayor or 4ustice.'- Thenasmyor or justice may order the thing seizei to be xestred * and in, thin case, if there were prob~able cause of seizure, tie officer. cannot be m- ade to pal more than 2d. damages, or. be Ine maore than Is.;on the other hand, should the justice condemn the .inmeat,i in to be destroyed, and the person offering itto hefined 20. ;"The"Cityof London SwersAct, 1851, providesforthe appointment of inspectors, of slaughterhouses. andameat, with most suinmary .powers of entering . and4 inspecting every place where cattle may be keptalive,or. dead, and of seizing and destroying any meatwhatevte whichmayappear unfitfror thefood of man. .From thinset and.the foregoing, Mr.Fiser,thever abe ityinsectr, erieshis powers, and ffods, s w hae sad bfo~consderbleprotecti.on "The Nuisances Removal Act for England, I 55, gives the local authority-, or their. officer or sanitary inspector, power of entering into all pramises: at reasonable hourato; examine and inspet any carcass, meat, poultry, game, fleshi, fish, vegetables, corn, bread, or flour; and if such things appear to, the sanitaryt inspector unfit for food, the same may be seized; ad i tperojsieht, carcass, &a., isuntfofodh shloreito e destroyed; and theprotowoitblnsornwhe custody it shall befon,salblibetapnajKlt exceeding IOL, forevrcacs,fs,opieofm t e. ned for every paclofri&c "It has been representdo your committee, that the most efficient erson to be'epoe as. inspector of.tlat adslaughter? orses would b a who in a butcher iby trade. Andl this maybe true;htou commilttee do not believe that such appointments are necessary, or practicable at present. "They content themselves with' reomapenlding that he sevra inpecorso nuisances, appite'd uadet f eMetbi- poll Locl Maagement.Act- bea empowered' to act, s sanitary inspectors u-nder the 'Nuisances* Removal Act fot England, 1855, and if niecessary, that they also receive authority from.two justices, underthe act, 19th and.l 20th V-ictoria; chat 131, before referred to.. They fuailitir rec.ommend, that the inspectors be furnish6d with a statement of the appearances of unsound meat, such as jrqnr committee have drawn up for the purpose, and that they, he instructed to viitthe shops and markets frequLented.byithe poor, especially on Saturday evenin8gs; that they, sh'ould prceed cautiously,. and takea the opinion of the Medcalo Officer of Health in case of doubt;- but yet that the_y shoulid premptorily seize any aneat which'shaUlnwrtth eoe described signs of unwholesomieness. "So soon as the fact in made public that the inspectors are on the alert much of the evil will be abated. "The committee cannot conclude without acknowleagn thattheyaremuchindetedto D. Drittfor his vlal serice assecetay a eah o thirmeetings, and they
.iATHhiG. - TO THE EDITOIBOP THE TIMES SizS,-As a remedy to the undue display of the person in bathing at argate {and, indeed, at other watering place:), permit me to suggest.that all bathers (men, of course, I am speaking of) be made to wear short trousers of a blue or any dark-coloured linen, fasteed round the waist bya running string, and extending to witfiin a conule of. iches orso of the knees, This will not in any degree interfere with the free use of the imnbs in swimming, end ce taly prevents the careless from makdng any needless exI 1b 0 her persons. At Boulogne, and, I believe, all the watering ylac6si ix France, bathers are compelled, undera penalty of of. or lOf., to confonn to this decent and. simple regulation, and the owners of the bathing machines are made to provide (with thetowels) the shorttroasers spoken of, the cost of which cannot be more than 3d. each. Your, obedient servant. _____ X . A. BATfEER Aug. 23.
JIs OVxrEqT 'O r IlO11DO1THOOUO}r;F3 -If the reader will glance at the map of London, he will see that the Thames, which irregularly bisects the metropolis longitudinally, mkes an elbow northward, reachirg mto the very centre of, tho region of houses, and literaly. coming within a stone's thiow of " the fiest site inEauropa" -the great crossing of metropolitan highways. Chan- , cross is the point at which, as Sir Howard Douglas said in 1848, the traffic would naturally traverse the river, to the Surrey side of the metropolis,- from Pall-mall. Piccadill,r Oxford-street, and all the north-west at which it would natuay pass frodthe counties behind the north-west frontier of the mtopolis to those on the south and south-eas'. But if that were so in 1846, how munch sirouger tlha case in 1856B The South-Western Railway station has bro ught a vast traffic, especially for passengera and the fast travelling, into the very heart of the nmetropolid. close to Charingcross. Nor is that all. No improvement of the great thoroughfares parallel to the iorth hank of the Thames would be equal to drawing awvay the through' triffia fromthat route; and, again, aa glance at the map ivill show that the natural route from the north-west to th London-bridge station, and from the north-east to Lambeth land the stations designed east of the saperponLtine Th2amaes, would be over a bridge at Charing-croas. The wamt of . bridge will be more felt, more imperatively demanded, as soon as we see the completion of improvements alreadv planned in that quarter. There are several schemes fr opening the tangled labyrinth of streets in Lambeth andSouthwark, so as to give a clear highway , but that which - the simplest and most rofitable for present pu oses would donsist of a road paralle to the currve of the Tames from Westminster-bridge and Vaux-all-bridge onwards to London-bridge. Stamford-st eet and its continuation to the south-west already give the larger part of this curve, which would effect a direct union between alt the bridges on the Surrey side, and all the railwaY stations, and would be the main line between all the mosak pressing requirements of a grand thoroughfare., This wouldi complecely open all the lig hways of the north anTi south and they would then nee the single link, the junction by means of a bridge at Charing-cross.. If that were given al the traffic from the west to London-bri de would .at once flow away from the city and its choked thoroughfares. The want has been in part recognized b'v the formation of the footbridge; but a foot bridge met the. very smallest and least profitable of the demands. Foot passengers do axot want to go to Kent, to Surrey, to London-bridge, or Vauxhall; it is cabs, coaches, omnibuses;, goods-waggons, that now have to comps such journeys PY.Acircuitous route; and no toll couald.carry -them over a, chain suspension Iiridge. Tho farther demandiss Weognmzd more practically, zmid two plnsarera alxeady discussedL.. One- plan seems, from certain published reportm's, to -be the subject of actual negotiation. It is, if 'we Iu,dgrstand it rightly the formation of a road or: carriage bridge on eaca iide of the present foot bridge; one for the coming, one for the goingtrafflo. Theo~ther-is the buf(iding ofaeolid An&shfil-I cient stone bridge,; eitler on. the site of the supensio fI] bride, as Sir Howard Douglas isuggested, or a little west of' it. - This project is onyLakeIV o, gi,w test against the wanton and wasteful spirit of tinkenng. Lotus consider the main features of the two plans.. One wou7dconvert the pr?Tent suspension bridge into a trple bridge of mixed character, with a stable roadway, of :what kind we know not, on eachl side, and the elastic bounding suspension-bridge between. Sinae Hungerford-marke't stanclsright in themidlst of thelilddlesexside-and we di not hearthat it istob e remnoved-the approachesto theodnA ways of the bridge,we pesanue,woul-d diverge,the onxeturni lag off from the bx4Jge to the right and going up Vil hers-atreet, the other to the :left and going up r yven-street.' Now, in the absence of any -o5phe, arrangement, this would be a great public convenience, it seems -to h e the~one in contemplation. But we affirm confidently that 'if it were carried:out, it Would develope aric too big., for. the bridge, and the maakeshift would have to be iremoved to give x6om fOer the Charing-bridge. That is the trae wat't, greater even than the want of a new Westminsterbridge. There are no real difficulties in the way. The ground on.both sides would,besoenormousliy mprovedin value,by the opening .that no expense. of laud onuld be ank obstacle. The object could be attained . by. openig Northunberland-streetorCraven-street,orpiercingtheblock of houses between. No necessity in such a case to disturb ths existing suspension-bridge. No necessity toput un with tortuons ana divided approaches, separated froni eacb other by the market. AU- these obstacles would be left on one sideundisturbed. lNonecessitytobnilddanexpensiveprovisional bridge, to be Esuperseded in afew yeari. No; Go-. vernment could at once place the two 'halves of the riaetro" polis into communication with' each 'other at tbh'central - point of junction by a sfficient free bridge; aud thb bridge could be begun and finished within three years.-Speclato-r. ! CO;RgESSION OF A IuDn-A? man -named Jolzt Lawler,. a Aoldier at Governor's Island, was ar-, rested on Sunday on his ownn onfession'of-having coni- maitted a. murder in 1852. He resided- at the:lure, he: says, in the town of Rathdsnz', county of'Wicklow', reland. He was paying atentions to a young woman' invited her out one evening to. walk, violated her person, and theti drowned her. He understood her body had been recovered about six weeks afterwar=s but iii the meantime he bad left the country. He states tbat the consciousness of the acthis sD aunted him ince that he has no peace of his lifa, and hie determined to surrender himself andc make A full confession. He aPPears to be' abeiit 25, or 30 years of age. H e will probably be detained til the matter can be investi. gated,-New YorkSgn, Aug.12. 7.
B BRXADFORD MUSMIAL YESTIVA4n.g (mRO OUR OWN PEPOiRTEURi BRADFORD) AUG. 26. Three, years ago Bradford built a music-hall; and inaugurated it with-a festival on so grand a, scale that it has been talked about in Yorkshize ever sinCe. St. George'shall is not only a monument, creditable to a wealthy and prosperous commercial town, but' one of tho buildings most favourably adapted for musical, performances in England; aiA we have reasrt to believe that since the great meeting of 1853 it 'has been pub to the best uses possible by the committee 'of management. ' Coinerts' have been frequently given at such reasonable terms of admission as to allow the humbler classes a chance of availng themselves of the most innocent mid civilzing of recreations. In places where there is a large manufacturing population -the frequent opportunities of hearing music are of high importance. The advantages'Presented are indeed self-evident, and every friend tfo the people should do his besttopromotbthem. Such an edificeasBradfordnow'can beast is invaluable ;.it holds out temhptations to the masses where to yield 'to temiptation involves a manifest benqfit, and lutres them away from those grosser indulgences which tend to enfeeble and debase both mind and body. When, therefore, the Earl of Zetland, Grand: uaster of the Masonic body, laid the' first stone of St. George's-hall '(on the 22d' of September, 18511, he put his hand to a work with which his name and memory willbehonourablysassociated. It would be well if every large town in England, where there are dense congregations i of the working classes, possessed spirit and enterprise enough,' to imitate the example of Bradford and set up a music-halL. - There is no better -way to prdmote good fellowship than the - community of enjoyment deriVable from musical perform- ances. An hour or two thus spent can oiily lead to good,' since the oftener musio is listened to the greater hbld it ob.- tains on the tastes and affections even of uneducated per. sons, and the more earnestly is it sought after. "The appetite grows -with what it feeds uuom"' -"The success of the fst meeting-the whole arzangements of which were under the superintendence of Mfr. Samauel Smith, tne originator of the music-hall, and at that time mayor of Bradford-warranted the resolution, which has been finally adopted, of making the festival triennial. Great good must accrue to the town from the establishment of such an object. Yorkshire. may "win back fame which died with the great musical celebrstions that used to take place in its principal city. - Besides, for reasons tooplain to needrecapitulation, it is the interest not only of every wealthy inhabitantof Bradfozd and the vicinity, but of every tradesman, however humble, to support the festivalto the best of his ability. True, the profits derived from' the musical performances are not yet devoted to charitable' purposes, but this may como iD. time, and why it cannct' be just now is sufficientlywell explained by a local paperthe ,Bradforc Obscrver:- - " Objection has been raised to the festival ore the ground that the profits are nob devoted to charitable object,% It is' a pity that such is not the case, but our readers' ;dlt re-2 member that St. George's-hall -was not, built out of. the rates, as the Leeds and Birmingham Town-halls,' but by a private association-certainly not for their private advantage, but for the public convenience and beneft In carrying out their undertaking they hafe involved themselves in heavy responsibilities, and it'is oialy fair that they should_ apply the profits of this festival td meet' te expenses of painting and beautifying the ball and erecting the organ, and, if there should be any su-plus, in liquidation of the heavy debt remaining.- let it be remembered that if our charities do not benefit, our pockets do not suffer' bythe buildingin which the festival is ield. Last year the' corporation, of Biimniighani voted 2,0001. for the painting, -Le., of their lhall,but nothing of thatkind can be done here. We have often regretted that any debt should press upon opr noble ball; it would certainly be more creditable-to the town, andto the wealth and public spirit of the ieighbour. hood, if the debt were extinguished. Then we might have grmand triennial musical festivals, and dPace all the profits to the redit +of our Infirmary. This would indeed be a glorious thing, and 2,0001,, 3,0001., or perhaps more, paid over to the treasurer of the Infirmary every three years, would be something worth toiling for, and very materially enlarge the spheie of its usefulness. Let us hope to see it done before another festival comes round." The programme of the secoand festivl,vwhich begins to-day looks more complete and attractive than that of 1853. Mx' Samuel Smith has seeminglylost none of bis activity, none oi his zeal for the goodof his feaow-townsmen and the honour of Bradford, since his secession from the mayoralty. Since the inauguration the hall has been decorated, which gives quite a new appearance to the interior. The walls are painted buff, the panels of the ceiling pale blue, and the ribs and mouldings cream colour. The centre flowers, the foliage, fruit, and other devices of the beams between the compartinefits of the ceiling, are " picked' out" in crimson, -'while the ornamental mouldings round toe panels are relieved with dead gold and tertiary colours. The pilasters arcund the orchestra (we condense from the official description) are filed with scroll work, -with pale blue ground, ths capitals and mouldings gilded. Between the pilasters projecting from the waBls are groups of musical instruments, in the form of trophies, surmounted by 'globes, from which spring angels, " life size," bearing coronals of light. There are also entablatures on the- waUs of either side ok the hall bearing the names of celebrated musical coimn posers. The organ used at the last meeting) having been found too small, is now replaced by a fine new instrument from the factory of Messrs. Hill, of Loundon. The eiterior of the organ is painted so as to harmonize with the building of which it is a conspicuous and zealy splendid ornament Tho architectural merits of St. George's-hell and its general characteristies have been described. Now that the interior is decorated, and the vhole design accomplished, it may certainly lay claim to be considered one of the most beautiful edifices of its kind in England.' The musical department, as before, is under the direction of Mr. Costa-a guarantee of its completeness. The excellence of the band was greatly extolled on the former occasion. The orchestral force has, nevertheless, been augmented; and we have now, instead of 92, no less than 103 of thd most able metropolitan executants, with Messrs. Sainton and Blagrove as leades The chorus, about 250 in number, is selected from the best singers of Bradford, Leeds Halifax, Huddersfield, Keighley, Dewsbury, &c. The West Riding of Yorkshire has long been famous for its " voices," and the freshness and vigour of the female tebles, or soprani, especially, areperhapsunrivaDedin the country. The faniliar acquaintance of these provincial singers with the oratorios of the great masters is well known. The Bradford chorus-mater, Mr. W. Jackson (also a composer of talent), is one of the best and most indefatigable trainers that could be found, and his preliminazy aid' has been of essent:al service to Mr. Costa. The lisb of principalvocalists is more than usually strong, even for a great musical festivaL The sopranos are:-Madame' Clara NoveLo, Miss Sherrington, Madame Weiss, Mm SLnderland, mss Milner, and Mademoiselle liccolomini; the contraltos-Madame Alboni, Miss Fanny Huddart, and Madame Viardot Garcia; the tenors-Mr. Sims Reeves, Mr. Montem Smith, and Heir Reichardt; the basses-Mr. Weiss, SignorBelletti, Signor Beneventano, Mr. Winn, and Herr Formes. With'such: company of singers the most brilliant miscellarous concers, in the evening may be counted on, as wel'l as first-rate serformances of sacred music in the morning. The order of the programme is as follows:-Tuesday morning (this day) Elijal; Tuesday evening, a concert, at which Alboni, Viardot Garcia, Clara Novello, Sims Reeves, Formes, ha, will sing, Mozarts symphony in G-minor will be pefdrmmed, and a hMS. cantata, by Mr. J. I. Iatton (composed'for'the .occaion), called Robin Hood, be introduced; Wednesday ;horning, Mr. Costa's Eli; Wednesday evining, operformi. ance ;Thnzsdaymorning, -ThiUe essiok 'Thursday evening, a miscellaneous concert, at which Mademoiselle Piccolomini will make herfirat appearanoinBradfor'd, Beethoven's sym'phony in C dll beplayod, and anoth6r MS. cantata, entitled May Day, composed for the festival by Mr. Mcafarreu. ' au *Friday morning Mr. W.Jackson'ssetting of thel03d Psalm, Mendelssohx's of the 114th Psalm, a selection from Mr. H. Ieslie?d I nsmanued, and a variety of pieces; on Friday -evening a concert at which al the principal singers are to appear, and among other things lendelssohn's symphony in A mnajor will be exeocuted bythe supbrb orchestra under Mr. Costa's direction. A more attractive bill of fare could hardly have been prepared. 3 o'Caoc m.M. - As the express leaves at half-past 3, there is just time to say that the festival has begun most auspiciously with a magnificent performance of ElUae-which it may not be inappropriate to add was performed for the first time in public exacy this daj 10 years (Augst 26, 1846) at the Birming. ham festival, under the comaposer's owvn direction. Iendelssoihn's St. Pai inaugurated the first Bradford meeting, in 1853, with such brillian' success that it was both grateful and judicious to usher ina the second with his other great oratorio. Thesingers were WeissandMadameNovello, who divided the principal oprano niusic; KMiss Fanny luddast and ' d ameVadot Garci3, who shared the conttiaifo; Miss Sherrington, second soprano; mr. SimsiReeves and Mr. Weiss, Obadiah and Eliah; Messrs. MIontem Smith, Win41 Lc., aZl did their best; but the fnest solosingiig of tha da6y, and decidedly the most impressive, was that of MAdamen Wsardot, in the terrible scene where Jezebel excites the multitude against iElijah, than wzhich nothing could hAvis leen miore 'dramatically effective that of' Mtdanie Clara, NoveLo in "HTear ye ]rael" that of Mfr. Weiss in "It is enougbj" 7andj that of Mr. Sims Reeves in thie two levelS' ai, "If -with all your hearts" and "Then ihall the righteous shine forth," both of vhich were given:with a fervour anda simplicity of expression worthy of al 'praise. The choruses were, what we had been taught to expect'fiom the Yorkshire choral singers, admirable without an exception-or, at least, with only one exception, the difticult and *tying "Behold God tha Tord," which- liko 'Thepeople shall hea," ia aandel's Israel, seems dtstin.ed never, of, at least, hardly ever, to go i*ell. The Baal choruses 'the unequalled"Thanks be to God," "Be nob afraid," and "Wo to him; he shall perish," were beyond praise. The feeling at Bradford (as at Exeter-hall in ondon) is against applause and encores at performances of sacred music. Nevertheless the onaccompanied trio, -Lift thine eyes to the mountsins" (exquisitely sung by Mesdanes Rovello, Weiss, and Viardot),,was redemaided and repeated in defiance of the accepted etiquette, and a similar demand was made in favour of "Then shall the-righteous," with whicb, however, Mr. Sims Reeves wisely declined _to comply. Previous to the oratorio, "God save the ueen" was sung, MIadame Novello taking the solos.. Betweentheparts of. thesoratorio, ster .Robibson Holt ( from Xsigbley) performed thet o th sonatA of Mendelsilhn 0 on tEe organ wvith very great ability; hut the introduction of an cxtraueous coiiposition; io misatter of what merit or by wvhat coonposer, in the middle of such a work as Zijah, - was, to say thelea, a proceeding of very questionable taste. There were bet ee 1,&0 2,00Q p6rsons in the hkU, and tjereceipts exceeded1,ooo , The weather is splendid, and all Bradford is out of-doors. It ig a general holyday. last festival it was raining perpetnafly ; there are betterhopes of this. -
TH EMIGfrAIOZ.-O.UE1_.- TO T EDITOR OF TH TMs. Sir,-I have just seen the explanation of the Seretaary to. the Coloni2ation Commissioners of tne ciriumsaidcps charged before the ieslative Council of South Austrai, vith referenoe to sending emigrants to that colony 'who desired to be sent-elsewhere. . - ' Having left, the colony before that investigation took -place I do not know the faots, and must therefore leave Mr. Walcott's explanation asi it stands to be dealt with, as'it no doubt will be, by the Colonial Legilature., * I havc, howevcr, no hesitation in stating-and I make th6 statement as an old' colonist, as a justice oE the peace for the province, and' as lately a member of the Leg2slative Council of South Australia-th5a very masy aintances' havo come beforenme such as are no*vreceiving public attention here, and the parties aggrieved were of known veraci,y, and in many instances proved the abuse of the emigration fund now publicly complained of. . But I can come to facts near lhoine. When I was in England a fewyears ago I was applied to by a well mnown magistrate in Yorkshir to fac'iitate Iemigration of three excellent domestic servants (mother andtwo daught'ers-the miother a soldiees widow) .vho were desirous to go to Adelaide. I directed them to the proper q'uarter, and thev. produced the inost unexoeptionabblo certificates of character; and were supplied with the pinted forms for applications for pasiage. ,Tudge of my surprise, 'when .they agtain called upon me, to find their papiers were filled up for ono colony for the daughters and for 'another oolony for 'the: mother; aud,in their ignorance of the nature of the docuinents, so would they have been sent, without doubt.. --But,, Sir, many of these mistakes-and serious ones they *are to -iltpaizieoncernedy Sdmit of somneexpIs'tion; and inthe conductofasuch a'departnte that-oF emigration many errors may' have to be overlooked; but 'what I rejoice-in is, that you have accomplished a great and siaica tviuinpb, of which the colonists 'wil gladly avail themv,-you the boardroom door of Parkstret yo hve etinsome liFhit re4;^aid. ao.convinciEd' have tho inmates become of the neces fotiniibEc opinion that r. Walcott has.venturedforth in explih t-iosu ..: This isa greatftst'which the colonists will appreciateand avail themselves of, and if you will only keep the secretSry to the commissioners at that bar a-little longer the people of all the Austraias, through their enlaxged Legislatures, will have somethirg to complain of-bitterly to complain of..'as to the management of the business in Park-street,-which must be answered to tIe colonists and to the public of this country. '' . - ?fr. Wnlcottmay kep his ?en in hand; he has much yet to ex;plai, or the colonists vall soon decline to intrrastthtir. own funds to the Emigration Commissioners at all. .. I am, Sir, your mioat obedient servant. EDWARD STEPRMNS . -- ~ ~~~ i I Banes, Aug. 25.
I DESSBMBR'S KBZV BO'MAKING PBOCESS., TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TM S. - - Sir,-It is a truly strange coincdence that this magnficent inventior. should be brought before the world at tho very moment yoa have been urging the nation to present some grateful recompense to the family of the father and founder of the British iron trade, in expiation of the dirk abd mysterious-deedsof his ainz--The writer of the description of Mr. Bessemer's process in your columnx of, Saterday,honours himself by comparison to Henry Vort, his great predecessor, and justly, for they are compeera in the value of their benefctions. Idonothesitateto exoress mny conviction that Mr. Bessemer has produled the grandest dperation ever; devised in metallurgy. It will supersede the first of Henri Cort's inventions-the puddling fornac4st the very Cr when the public is being appealed to to acknowledge the countless benefits -cnferred by its Use. But Cor's second invention *ill remain not only intact; but reneved in vigour-and of enhanced value, by thesubeti. tute for the first. Cort invented his first processto compass the production of large quantities of malleable iron at a 6heap rate, and then, with trus gemus, finding no means I in existence for manipulating -the vast-inciease of produceJ he devised the-mechanical power of -the grooved roller to deal with it and complete his work Bessemer's nevr process oes as far beyond the capacity for produeti6n of the pudaing furnaee as that exceeded the capacity of the previous trivia methods. One of Bessemer's gigantic cupels may be made to convert in a day as much. nialleable iron asi 50 puddling furnaco, and with lesg than a-hundredth part of the labour.' But without the grooved roller to rapidlye ommunicate fibre to his cast product the great economy would. be in vain, and except he shall follow the steps of Henry Cort, and invent something as. 3much trsnscending -the grooved roller as this enuel transcends the puddlin furnace, "*the father of arts and authorof plenty" wilicontiive tobe the nurse andtutor of his latest boru grandehild. It has long been remarked how strangely the valuable secrets of nature pass unappreciated before our eyes until some felicity of genius or fortuitous Providence. reveals the benefit. How many centuries unconscious feet trod upon the gold of Calfornia and AustrZalia and there is no strongerinstance of common oves ight than the neglect of the principle now unexpectedly appied to ironmalung-" the nght invention at the right time." What Mar. Bessemer. has realized has been long chymicaUy kmown-a principle constantly unsed in refining silver, and the popular experiment of every lecture room, The combustion of iron in oxygen gas has made the. intensity of heat so obtainable quite familiar. Yet all the intelligent mes'tof all countries who have for half a century been strivirag1t a improve the processes of be en xe Cost have overlooked the simple application now effected, and wzhich-vwill act and react; upon the whoel circle of our arts to a degree and extent at present quites incalculable. I trust the discoverer will reap his duo reward. It is a painful reproach to this country that most of. its great inventors in iron and steel have been-recompen~sed vwith ruin. Envy and rivalry have been aided by the labyrmnthical decisions of our courts of la* in patent cases. After struggling for 14 years through all their tertuosities, patentees have arrived at last in the supreme Court of Appeal, merely to see theirhopes finally extinguished, and, in te face of a majority of juidges oiuding the deliberations, the decisions of four previous courts reversed, in order that one peer might reassert the opinion he had maintained as a commoner some dozen years before. - As latoe as 1854 such a case occurred. Meilson, the-hot air patentee, escaped indeed, but he had a hard struggle. I sincerely trust the flowing sail of Mr. Bessemer's success will drift him upon no such rocks and quicksands. However, the world at large is now a more open field for' r3merit, far more indeed than it was to Cort. - The capacities of his inventions were at first, for: many reasons, confined_ solely to his own country, and- for-30 -years- the war gave our own manufacturers the monopoly of these adautamges, which flew rapidly west and east-toAmerica andRBssia and the whole of Europe,, when peace admitted the copyist. j .Foreign nations can now inamoimentadoptigreat invention like thpresent with a liberal hand, auid establish competition to keep m awe the unfortunatelyhabitual English'treatment of inventive genius. Already, it appear$ Xapoleon f.ihas displayed his sagacity in contrast with that stolidity and blind opposition in our own official lights which are a constantgrnefandheartburningtoeveryinteDigentEngLlhnan. The year 1785 brought completely before the world 7ie Times and Henry Cort's inventions,-they have acted together for 71 years as the two greatesteitegines of mnodern civilization. But rest assured, Sir, your columns have recorded in the interval no step in the arts of nations more important than that now taken by isfr2Bessemer. Afr. G. IL Porter states that in. 1790, when CorWsiimprovements -Were completey- establshed, the value of the landed property of 'Englanid doublled.''-It is to be hoped, if -ve are on the verge of such anotheradvance, the nation, and the ironmasters I especially, will make a creditable beginning of the new term by en honouraMle liquidation of the debt to Cort; upon the old, -I*haveonot the pleaue of the* slightest aequaintancOvwith M£r. Bessemer. My tribute to hisi merit is spontaneous, and' a. disinterested admission-that he has entirely distanced all: those who had most pretension in the same career. I should feel certain of your finding space for these remarks could I hope they did any adequate Justice to the importance of their subjiect.- I am. Sir. vour verv obedient servant. IDAVID PUSHET. .Albany-shmets Aug. 26.
BE.FORMATO.RY SCHOOS TO TiE EDITOR OMS ,E T . E Sir,-The greatrvalue of -reformatory schools inecning young offenders from careerS which if 0-ed oeotinue woIld make them dangerous and most expensive criinals coistt~es byA no mdas ce tle ca reconiendhtion of shch mstitntions end m friend xr. Eield aPPlied ordjStailley 'with impo factsf forhis "greabargnmect,'" in recrd ing that "out of 209 pfrsoners recomnmitted to separate confinement4 89 were under 17 year3 of age wvhen fist comnroitted." <--- ; -ASs it may help to advance the cause *liich Ior Stanley has advocated wiith such rema-.k2ble- clearness judgmnent, and good feeling, I would beg admission into your colunnms hor the following extract from my pr0son report for 1837, wh ich contains a )re-confirmation of what Mr. Field had noted in 1852:- "The most morueutous thing o anected With reomin-mittis is the age of the delinquents, or -rather the age at vhich they were fiat sent to Prison. The 162 cases of recoinmittal {enumerated in a previous tble) comprise only 143 offenders. - Of these-- 29 were dirt indisted when runder 15 f^8 S ,, -atlS,lS, and 17, : i6118 -,; - ,, - ' atl8,-19, and20, 29 ,, ,, irom 2Lto 3 23 fr , fom31to40, 10 ,, - f:rm=t to 5D, - ,, -,, - '5"and Upwxdn." These statistics are now nearl2y 0 years oli; ana, although I have- ofteni lamented nmy inability to draw attention to such facts as they point to, I -ould uow-after. labouring for more than 35 years among both young and old cmmans-express my t<hankfulness fliat so many oifthaerise, and good,. and infuenti1 liave takren up w.th equal seal and circnsecti-rthe- great question of reformatory schools for oar younig criminals. - - : -¢ I arm, Sir, -your very obedient servant. -- : :, - - I J. CLAY.' rreston, 'Ag. I,, TO THE EDTO OP THE T1IIES - Sir,,-_The recent meeting' of the Xationaol Reformator-y ~Union it Bristol and the publicity y-o'u have given-to its prpoedings- hae tendd enighten the publio mind on tbe s-ubject of 'b86~poe treatment of juvenile criminals. Miay it no' bi 'useful t6Co ifnipaie the visws of official me, -with the opini'ons and labours of t-he philanthropists? .- . - -:n the report of Colonel Jebli, Chairman of,th~e Directors Of Conivict Prsons, recently taadpeetc hPr liament by command ofHr ety And prsenrtled tolieda heading at page 69,-" Reahul mot suitable for boys convicted of -crime;"1 andlIthinlkthe public would be glad ro know if it%be a fact, as there, stat-ed, that. " a bad or incorjiigible boy would riot be received -Into6the establishmnent att all;ifany are discoveredl to 'b such. they are removed. that their example may not Lre'udic oihers._ Ag~amn h who caunnotppreciatethe infltbhelot to.the, or be otherwise tempted t6 remain, ran ~away." Tese, remarks, 3f just% open-a )wide 'qestion, and-it is important to know -what constitutes z a and incorri"ible boy, ont'of the pale of reformnation. Time and money- ore nowbingargly tont-faithof.theaxiorof.DeAaet, that" 'todespairof te yung Is to despair of humanilty ; buit if oNly promisinig lad be 'selected. for the reformatory prcs,surely the money 'and intelle[ct of- the nk.ton'sre buiei .pet in efforts whiich will- leavethe'siews of crime as poTerful as ever., The folUowkz~'extract froni CoIOmel'TIebl9s potiy more startling - . reotiyt "As; regardmt.he-quesLtion of. the'disciplime not' being effe&tiyf or r~eclAmnng such a class; it appears from zsatementin the samne report that ohly 119 ' -v-1ien~ldi 'situations in England i,the five years from.ls UM1M4 and that of these 46, biz about 38perc!ent., hid ielapsed' into crime.". *N lo,I ha to have'teiore23n'to. kedhill report frmW.ih CbLi qu tHed,1above figurtes and Itfld that lie has-omitteda t;O cl --attention t6 the-faitthat Ehbemeemploymeit is t'he lea-t pait 6f themjeans use-dfor the disposnloftheieLlas,'ianthat,s,aidb 'a"wtbh figure he has given, it is stated that out of 30 yswodrntht sameperod cnirat& uderthe?hanthyic ofteSocietyha only 39~ have rlpe i ento criepa prpotion ofuc abourac1 is to Thwaverane, therefore,thofhailupreseisstted' aTh about menof, sttsre a nly rgeper ceeIt.npi6re thas xecamt cen repssareyvnrypubdishtrbtworthyPhfand vrpifie reocrty f that xsthei reordsei s ahouldsh-ve benket; ithib i so mucl accuracy asutto -wharrant ith reportthy hj tave s preenpte. impart a olnce e s pistcs *a l rgelydipor t tho rement upon.Vo rsuryZ beofe thegir eslaboursfe-not a sb riligtdeclare the'fk hurst Prisont over Rledhill school be should mak-e kno"v the result lhe has there himself arrived it. Can he show tAb percentage of, faUiure there consummat"-ed?; He is quite. righit in saying that a system moust be-judgeid by its results, bint what p0oorioiUO Mofaceess_can the,penal inttutioni show over th m'ore kidndly an'd softenig- influence of the, reformaitory school ? Zither,system nwfllave its failures. indeed, is there not a proportion of youths out of .1ton arnId Harrw, and every Iarge school, whio, if -the course of thbir lives could be traed, "b ave faleafromir their first estate" anid done deeds as sinful in God's agtada iatost soity as the neglected childrenL of ]poverty and crime?9- Inothe vexed. question,of porevious puniskments- I Vnill' not venture, without leave, to einter,. Colonel Jebbi's opinion, thAt " it is the previous probatio inseparate confinemint that is nleessaxy,7" is on htsolb wlwihde0r it is acted On. I thnIko oehn fciia os hbave seen ispletre po thmathdrcos pf convict prisons undrtndicpneadisfile s complete. No mere sse,o etanwl-ee hne the heart of a boy. A bepnhsieetytl h horrors of a prisonhons.Clnljb kows ts not aL -fable, and his kindIyhea th.cmwldeat ifa system be triea and foundl watno IT IS SEVER TOO LATE TO MIND.
PRESEBVATION OF TIE PALACE OF I ABLIAMENT. -- TO THIE EDITOPR OF THEB TIEUS. Siz,-A letter aPPear in your coluns' of this day with t'he eminenit name of Sir Charles- B , imputing "Ian unauthorized" and"l an½mnfair" use- of is certificate,- in ~favour of "Danes's patent soiution for preservation' of buildlings" by some company which Sir Chariles Barry calls the " Stone Preservation Company." cnendi h IO,as I happen to he professionally cnendi h organization of a-public company (the name of which is not yet deternined -upon) to carr out " Daines'g patent'," and the extensive contracts whisk are likely. toarise 90oZ it, .and which wil require more money thaii individual enter: ,prise can be exPectedto commnsnd, Iventureto solicit another " corner" of Your Europeau journal to provoethe groundlessness of Sir Charles Barry's remarks, whfich seem only made for the purpose of showing that Sir Charles has no coanexion with anypiiibllc comgpany whatever. 'I do not believe that he has, and certainly not with the one about to be brought before-the public, either directly or -indirectly Sir Char-esBarry wasc &stinctIyinformed long ago, that, should the Governmenlt adopt the invention for their Ipublic Works, it-would be neccssary-to-form a joint-stock, company to carry out,the patent, as Mfr. Daines' hid not sufficient meansof his own tota-kelarge contrats. Sir Charles, afterexamining 1,400 yards that had been completed, gave his certificate, and wrote to Lord Lyndhurst,who lad the same before the H3ouse of Pees on the 25th of July last,' as appe,ars by the Parlisamentary report in TJic Times and xother journals. When the certificate was thuis laid before Parliament it became~ public property, patent to all; and, provided it -were copiedi in its enitirety, which it a hovw can any charge of'" unfairnese" be made againstthose who give it griater publicity? Moreover, Government having acted upon the earnest suggestions of Lora Lnclhurst, having made all necess inqoisies as undertaken by Lord Harrowby on their beal (see TI%e Times of July 26), aind hhaving given orders for the continuance of the application of the solution -to the Palace of Parliament, surely there is sufficient* "authority'?. *for such -publication. *WVhether the " success" stated in the. certificate of i Charles Barry be "Icomplete" or not is a; mere mattes' of opinion. No opinion can be 3nore vralutable than his own,;' ,and, in order that the public may have* the mneans of Also forming their opinion oni thei-subject, the following copy of Sir Charles's cer-tificate is submitfed to the world. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your most obedfient servant. lWThT.TA w PAPRzT\T 29, Ayll.streAt, Regent-street, Aug. 26.. "Old Palace-yard, July 24, 1850. "SMr,-l have carfuly exa3i1inea the three ortion of the exte Dal maonry of the lNew Palaceat e= ter which were Covered with your'stone preservative soution: abouttwof ears sincex and I have -the pleasre to inform yos= shotYlInTo reason tobOe perfectly satisfiedwith s he OfficiencY Of the solution, wtit reference to t-he dbjeb of ,its application. It seems to iae checked all efflomeswcice arising from exudationfrom within the boaryof the stdhe' 'and all vegetation on the surface due to atmospheric' influences.. The absorbent properties of the stone, which are mainly the cause of all decomposition in thaLt material, ~are to a considerable extdent obviated~by e ridute coating on its surfacr, prodtuced by your solution, whichi Ii so hard as net to yield freely to the st-oke of the chisel; fand even to be capable, to a certain exent, of bearing a polish. In. those porefons 'of the stone whiere symptoms of decy existed at the time of the application of your solution no signs whatever of lle~omp-ORition -e io~ia.pear, nor, indeed, in any, othcr portion of the surface iif te stone subjected to youir- process.> WhIere- -in one: instance, your solntion was applied to stone which had. lbi.9 been expWsed to the atmosphere and had acquired a cofisiderable amount of its Elth and impurities, a darkand dis-, agreeable colour is the consequefice ; but -where, as in the other instances, it was applied to newly-faced stonewvorlk, or such as was not in a filthy state, the colour is by no means, objectionable, "am, Sir, yours fai fi Oa.tRnil TEE LATx DIic.-Bownoss was never inown to be so crowded with viitors ss at this time. On Taesday eveninglaub-as exciision train iarived with, visitors for severa,days, and, the hotesand lodgings being all previously oocupied, many of the excursionists were seen-wander. ii7g about the ,iage at a lit h6ur iniprovided -ith beds, while otheniret oxi oAmbleaide b st*eamboat, and were not more fortimate than the sojoumrers at3owneessitting. r,oom,foors bad- to be conv into eirooms aftert formker ooclzpnt ladried for1he nig1st, and thei agin before the maore lir'inleed po9gessorg hadi'eftKtbejr cozy retreats. Wehaiebeanltbat Grasmnere and XKeslwc are also very fh1.-lY1merla,u Gksrrcue
ASCBNT OF MOU.YT ARAT. TO TEE EDITOP OF THE T:IES. Sir,Yoorcorrsponenf-Major Stuart, appears to bemistkenin hsnoion hatlieand his friends wiere the firstto ureah the summit of Mount Ararat. He psrely musthave forgotten the fact that.Professor Parrot aud his party,after several attempts to asncnl that mountain, :nally smeceeded, and" stood on the to p of Ararat" on the 27th. 'of September (9th of October, so.) 182. ABL Aatomonoff also, the EiRusian traveller, is said to havebeen equally successful in -1534; but this~ possibly, Major Stuart may have reason to douibt. Vei7 interesting particulars of Professor Parrot's ascent will be found in the little work RWfto's Scripturc Lends, publishxedh-y Mx. IL G. Bohin iu1850.' I am, Sir. Tours -most obedfiently. .HB. T. z veruIamn-udnIg rAug.2.
SINGITn M IARUGM.-A young Man Tesiding in Bordentown, who was under an engagement of mrn ago with a young lMdy, died .on Friday last Both the gentleman sE& lady, as wel as-their families, were firnbelievers inthe doctrines of the Spirihtalists, and notwithatanding the death of the former, it was determinedthat the ma3mage sbomld take place between the disembodied spirit of the young man and theliving hreathingbody of his afanced bride. -Accordingly, on Sunday the mariage ceremony as werformed between the clay cold corpse and the warm blooming bride. It is understood that this was in compliance with the directions of the spirit of the bridegroom. The devotion of the ladyto the spirit or the ruemory of her lover carded her through this ceremony without faltering, but it must lead to- umhappiness, for she no doubt considers herself as the Wife Of one whom she sbaU meet in the body never more. Her heart lies buried in the grave with him who should have been her guide and protector. Among all the Eiupuiar things recorded of the Spiritualists we have met. -with othing parallel to thiis-Xgcnfn (U.S.) Gaodr, Auig. no.-hin d rtieme Academ-Poosals for its ---- rni.The"rWounillor BtmurpriooeF Ge. &, conteirg two Engravings from Pictures in the Roi-a1 Col1ections-~" St. Catherine," G.Gulido, and "Constautlnople,! aLfterJ. Jarobs, with an Engeauint from the SLtaue Of the "Iate ya,el of Melfat"' The literary contents include:-T'he rWyal A.dczo- ool for its Ileform-Britiab Arstist, Wo. 18, T. D. Harding, illuetrated--Tlie ArtSeamo of 155-The National G&U eHcaldryThe Courts oftho c"stalr e, flu tated-TheMX of Othe Mfiddle Aest-, by the Rev.X IECuCtt% ustatead--orrespoodecefrom tbheUnitdStad , &e. -Virtuonand Co., 20, Patermester-ror. -. fAdvertiaement.}-.' Arthur O'Leary," by Cha-les Levert prnce2s. Is now reedy. Mrt lever in this work quitahs bauses] groun :Hte, instesd of dpancine plueB and flasbing blades-of lnglish -ds IrIth female hearks beokteuIV the amies of orIhtEgce,and of Yreach male heads splitb the usJWIart am faieve -we bave the traUing expeeioes of a kind-beart,0, Simpe-3beaed 'Englielh gentleman, whoEe adveutnf are full of droas.tie incidsst. -The toes of tbe, _bok throughout ia bqbt. ew, ad good natured. LAdrertlsernent.T-lalke Ngni; or BxplorLtiensande 'estsmAfrica."nB o L SY Wanderins oC in the Wilds Of nODui of epesUng aJojm)Gd;.=- A mnd -1le&-tiSosw dia~ieI teem o h1 ftow ith - ad i a ie. Ago, new seady. "Ibe Ori.& " ab the R.y. 3Db. Md le. 02 nO1. alIenS ada tt, wwU fi,ee rea Marlbo gh-tfeet. s~~~~~~~toba -h
_WL T A VTELWGEXCZ ? ? ? ? I !MTRfYPOT,lTA2T. - * R Tlhe l-aarly vioftng of tliacompany was held yeaday at the Landon Tavern, Mr. Ayrton, in the chair. Efr. flarcnaraig, the secretary, real thle notice conveu-t ing the m- edlng 2nd the report, an abstract of whoh appeared in .73 iirmes of yesterday. -Thn'CasncA, in moving the adoption of the supoerb, apolegimdafor thle absence of Mr. Ricardo, their chairman, iacon2nqaence of illness. Itwasrotloug since theyhtAheld1 theimrojourned moetingibut several matters hardoccurred oi-povotheirposition AthongliM.A icardohod Jnade an ~gial promoters of the undertaing to induce themfo piy 32p on thLeir shares, yet the wh1olek of the shares were oa tLie immo footing as respected the companIy. The directors had - accuiesced in the arrangement, trusting that it -would pro. mo~te the inlterest of the shareholders at large. He (the ehairman) liad no personal interest in the guarantee of . Elcardo; he bad nothing to-do with the guaranteed shares It was a matter between Mr. Ricardo and the holders of a certain number of shares in the company, andthe bOaYd was willing to give every assistance in carrying outthe arrantement. It ras clearly nnderstood by the shareholders at Iarge thatthe arrxngementforthe6 percent. guarantee was limited to the parties who were directly interzested, andif necessary there would be no objection to an application to Parliament to sanction it, or any other mode conducive to the interests of the comoany. One reason that railway companies had not succeeded was that they waere left to take care of them. selves - there vas no one p5erson to carry oat their affairs who was directly interested in the sucjess of the company. There was no one person possessmg a deep interest in the mdertiling, and he therefore thought that the arrangement with Dr. Ricardo was a step in the right direction, because that gentleman -would be deeply interested in their success, and he thought it was a principle that would be adopted by other companies. The report had furnished them with an account of their f'nances The middle coluain showied the expenses during the half year--8S9l. for Parliaanentary and engineering charges, 1,3037. for purchase of land and houses on their line, which nowr paid them good interest7 3341. for secretary -and oflice disbursements, and 1037. interest on loans. He need not tell them that the expenses were exceedingly sma11 The sum of 71,2501. de. 'osited witLs the Accountant-General was invested in Consols and :Exchequer-bills and should they realize par for them they would prouce SL8901. The interest en that sum had fully covered their espenses for tho halfyear. That fund -would be held by the AccountantGeneral until half the capital of the company was expended on the undertaking. They had made an agreement w-l ththe city authorities for the option of taldig a large piece bf -land in Victoria-street, already cleared. That was a local advantage, and they were to have it on certain terms. He could not say what the expensewould be, perhaps from 100,0001. to 200,0001., depending Upon its actual cost. They had entered into a contract for the constraction of the line for a s6ecified sum, so that they would knowv what the cost wouldbe. By the plan originally proposed the cost would have beenregolated bya schedule of prices, whichwould have rendered it difficult for them to know what iwould be the cost of the work. They were now relieved from all anxiety on that head. As there were many new shareholders preasent he thought it as well to mention the course of the line. It would commence at Westbounme-terrace, near the Great Western Railway terminus, then Peas along under a miserable lot of houseas to the Edgeware-road; there was a small block of houses to purchase there. They would then iun along under the New-road, for which they would have nothing to pay, up to King's-cross; the property they would meet with there was not very vauable. They wouldthei pass through a large property with fourlines ofrals, which theywouldbeallovwed to do by the owners. They would next come upon a large 'block of 10 acres, unon which the prison now stood; and instead of which they would build a prison in another place. They wonld then come into Victoria-street, cross u2der Smithfield, and land opposite the General Post-office where they would have a station. There could be no dont that the t-affic would be somethin- enormnous. The line would be about four miles in length, it would join the Great Western. station, and puss close to the London and NforthWestern and Great Northern railavy stations. The Great Western had subscribed 175,0001. towards the underta2ing, and the Great Northern had power to subscribe a similar sum. He was surprised at the course adopted by the chairman of the Great Northern Company towards them. He (SIr. Ayrton) thought several tines that the negotiations with that coin- y were entirely concluded, but somethiug fresh would estarted every time, and there seemed no end of them. He believed the executive of the Great Northern Company -vere fully alive to the great advantages ol a junction wifa the Metropolitan Railway. In consequence of the course that had been adopted towards -there by the chairnan of the Great Northern Company he thought the best plan would be to go on without them, and take an independent course. (Hear, hear.) He thouht they had better deal with other partes in the north. The London and North-Western efd not appear desirous to deal with them. HIe therefore thought they had better adopt an independent course with them likewise, and wait until the line was made. In order to redeem the pledge the directors had given the shareholders on a former occasion, not to call up any portion of the capital withoat firt obtaining their consent, he would have to submit a resolution for authorzAing the directors to mahe calls. (Cheers. In reply to a question ai wi s stated that, alteough the Stock-Exchange would not allow the guaranteed shares to be quoted in the 1ist as such, they wtould permit some distinction in the n,-une of the shares to facilitate dealings ill Mr. Assupsed congratulated the shareholders on the position of their affairs, and in respect of the able and energetic asssance afforded them by Mr:. Ricardo. He contendedi that the tradina' and shopkreeping interests should rally round the underta dng a nd support it in every way. Mo was surprised to heaXr that so skilful an angler aS the chairman of the Great Northern should have played so long ith his fish as to be near lang it. He though' they had better let the Great Northern wait until the line was made. (Cheers.) As to the practicability of the nndertaking there could be no doubt about it. The London and N orth-w estern had a subbterranean railwvay in Liverpool of one mile and a-half in length to the docks, and it had beenr most successfully worked both for passengers anld goods. They would only require economical management to make it as productive as the Dublin and Kingstown Railway. He would cheerfully second the adoption Of the ,crt. hlr.JONES had no doubt the shopkeepers would support the line; as for himself, he would pay up his calls to carry out the undertaking, for he believed it could not fail to be remunerative. The report was then unanimously adopted, and a resolution was passed authorizing the direetors to commence active operations and to caUll up the capital of the company for the purpose of carrying out the undertaking. On the motion of Afr. Atkinson a vote of thanks was pased to the chairman and directors, and the meeting separated. NORTH AND SOUTH-WESTERN JUNCTION. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held yesterday at the railway station, Euston-square, Mr. H. Tootal in the chair. MEr. CHuaB, the secretary, read the report, an abstract of which has appenred in The Times. The CaRAiL.rAa-, inz moring the adoption of the report, stated that the South-Western Comanay were not woridng their passenger traffic so as to meet their trains. He was sorry to say that they had found it impossible to make any arrangement with them for the passenger traffic. They had of corzse, some difficulty in working their trains over a portion of the London and North-Western Railway bTut, notwithstanding all those difficulties, they were enabled to pay a good 5 per cent. on their ontlay. It was impossible to say what their traffic would be if they could work the passenger trains on some equitable terms with the South- Weser Company, particularly when the Hampstead Juinction line was fiLished. The works bad been commenced in -the tunnel on that line, and would, no doubt, in tho course of 12 months make considerable progress. The directors also looked for some traffic from the Staines and Wokingham IRailway, and were endeavouring to make some arrangement with them. Since the accounts had been made =pthe traffic was still more satisfactory. Every prtion of their taffic vas increasing, notwithstanding all their difficulties in working it. A SmAssuroLDFm wished to know whether the Hamraersraith branch wvould be extended to the riverside, as he thought it would be a great advantage. The CaAMeAs replied that the directors had not as yet done anything in that direction. In reply to a question it was stated that when the land at Acton, aboutt to be enclosed, was built upon they would Eave a largn locai trailic from th.at soulrce. Resolutions were passed adopting the report and declaring a dividend at the rate of 2A per cent. for the half-year. The proceedinlgs concluded wi* a vote of thanks to the BOSTON, SLRAEORD, AND IMDL.AND COfNTIS. Yesterdayihe half-yearly meeting ofthis companywas held at the Euston Hotel, Euston-square, Mr. Ingram, X11., in the chali-. The report stated that the vorks as far as Grantham were m progress, aid that there was every probability of the line being opened so far by the lst of May, 1857. The directors had been appealed to by the coalovners of Derbyshire and Nottingham to extend the line from Sleaford to Boston; and, as the through coal traffic was likely to prove very remunerative, the directors had caused notices of purchase to be served on the owvners and occupiers of toe land required for the extension, and anticipated no difficulty in getting possession of it. Communications had been also entered into with the Great Northern Company, an proprietors of the Niottingham and lnbergte line,andl such arrangemuents had been made for cus iie a wold ecre he bjet wichth VaeseO that line as wozad sexr the object whEich the drectors had in view, in reference to the mineral traffic. aluable q5iarries adjoined the line, and the directors con- talanted the sharelolders on h?ving possezsion of a raost v4nabiefroperty. The total receipts on accouint of capital aramunte to 34,241, of which there had been expended in tbee,Ostruction of the line 23,41501., and there remained a bahl.;ane of 10,791!. On the reception of the report the proceedings termi. Mated. IIVlSL9LY AND MLDXJAUTD JUNiIN. This short brnch, run g9out of theBritolandBirming. lam line ad the Dureley and Berkeley station, is now com- misted, and has been opened for traffic. It is a .n"le narrow ,kange line, has beent constructed by an indepcmaen&n coin 37, but will be worked by the MidLand Company. The cn-3± is aboztt three miles. EPSO03I AND LEATHEREEBAI) The 1lf-yearly meeting of this cosnpssv Was hel ystterd_ at tbe offices, sGzeat George,streets Wcstcinatcr Mr. T. Grinl in tei chair. Mr. Horne, the secretary, read the report, which stated th_t in the House of Comrnons the bill met with uerpected opposition from the Brighton Railway. It was also epposed by a resident landowner. In the former case CLauseswere inserted for the protection of the Brighton p' a rssFgtment was made with the latter Thre ' Masing of the bill withcut'further op~ stion.' Thq result of a close iniestgation. ha5 led the detor to -believe that. with great ecornomy the sutu 1~ey havepower to aIse ael 00001. on share~ end iO, on Jo and to1thT-40,000l. wll bcP. sufficient to complete the =ndertakiijg. 'Only 2,18 Sha-es, out of 8S,000 shares, rg subscril te for before going 7to Eharae siti unarce that-time 50 h%.ve been taken, leavng 772 shars stihmuapproprit6d;: Ps is n ecIessarxy thoit~ tyhese1 shouia- be talenuap. in order to insure the speedy comnletion of the line. Although te railway wan no' uroZected as a commercialtpsculation, yet the 'directo; beleve that its cheav construction will insure its being xemaunerative from existing local traffic only, wbile its positi6u, witn reference to the sorrounding railways, will, in the eirent of new railways bein made in the district, lead ,to its becoming an importast link in a more extended scheme. The exioenses ,of the passing of the act amounted to 1,82f'i t Theo sTraobr, in moving the adoptiox of therepori, I said the directors' were anxious to ascert ain the cost of theI line before thay contracted for the vorks, or give any inIstructions for obtaining possession of the 'and. With re- gard to their Parliamentary expenses. he could not understandwhatinduced theBr.ghton Companyto oppose thom to the extent they did, and if ithad not beeninet with great ability by the company s solicitor they woxld have throwni out the bilL The trlic fromtheir line, when made, must I benefit the Bri'hton Company, and hehopec, before the line was macise, tnt they wouldfsee, the err of their ways. He was satisfied that the traffic in the dsrc ol ml renay them for any reasonable outlay on- the 'nderain Tfie reason raiways did not pay was thathe large companies were not satisfied with tbeir meain lines. They must, make expensive branches on' the same sca2e, while they had mueEbeter leave other 3parties tomake them who could do so at a reasonable cos>t. Ee trusted that the shareholders would assist the directors to lispose of the 700 shares on hand, and he had no doubt they would be taken np. Ho hoped that hefore'the next half-yearly meeting the orswn beim operation. R3esolutions wrere passed adoptigEthe repot, approv g tary, and electing Mr atran enAditor of l he company. A vote of thanks to the chairmaan contcluded the proceedings. BLYTH AND TYRE. The half-yearly meeting of this c y heldata Keweastla-on1-TYnie oni Monday,, Mr. John Carr in the The report wev read by the secretary , Mir. Armstrong, An abstract of it has appeared in The 'zass. The CsEAMMs3r, in moving the adoption'of the report, congratulated the shareholders uponthe favourable condition of the affibxr of the company. Ho said the workshops had now been com,pleted at Percy Main, and the directors anticipated a considerable saving thereby hi the renair of wagons and engines. The town clerk of revwcastle abf, had Informed him that tbhe igver Tynse CtEommissoner epectedto next, when he (the chairman) anticipated a further development of their traffic; for his hopes of thecomplete success of their line wrould not be fully realized until that important work was completed. The report wns adopted, and dividends of R 5s. per share upon the preference shares, 11. 2s. 6d. upon the ordinary shaires, ana per cent., or 5s 4d., upon the extension shares, were agAreed to.- TRhe CnAIIiLXvrthen moved 'tha tihe comaybr0 upon mortgage or bond the sum of so&- ''pny 'borrow MIr. Caunrios seconded the motion. 1l A conversation took place with regard to this proposition, foromwhich it appears that 35,0001., the sumn empowered to be raisedl by the. extension act of 1854, would be sufficient for the purchase of the Bedliagton branch, and the completion of the extension to oiorpeth; but that if it were deemed expedient to make the branch 'to Tynemouth also, then there would have to be a call maade ubiio thae sha~; holders. The motionw asgreed to, asidthe business of te'' mneeting terminated. STOCKTON AND DARLINGTON AND CARLISLE UNION. The first ordinary meeting of this company wvas bel on' Saturday at Newcastle-npon-Tyne, M. W. Baokhouse in the chair. Resolutions were ,adopted for the peedly execution of the works, there not being a dissentient lanidowner - the urincipal ones-the Duk-e of Northumberland andi the LIoummissioners of Greenwich Hospital-were to' a certain extent promoaters. It -was stated that this railwvay wil connect the Stockton and Darlington line with the Fomcastle and Carlisle, joininm the latter at the Stockefield station, 13 miles from Yogweastle, forming the shortest roptede from Darlington to Carlisle and Whitchaveno and, in connexion with the Border Countes line the terminus of which is at Hexhwam, would form the most diret 'communication snth the Scottish border. Its chief value wil consist in its mieral trale. A portion of the line frosn Crook-hal to the erwehat Iron Company's works is now' in course of constructhon, and-the whole, when comi7leted, wtl be worted by traffics srm ementd between thor Storthton anldDarlington and Newcastle and Carlisle Companies. AMSBFRGATE, XOTTINGHA?&M AND BOSTON.. The half-yearly meeting of this comany was held abt Nottingham on Tuesday. The CtioAnMtothe in moving the adoption of the report (which has slready appeared in Vie Times), alluded t-o the very satisfactory progress of the new works, the whole of which, he thought, would be completed abythe time specified, and within the estimates prepared by the engineer. Hre sid hope, and he believed that when the nhew yatioi wes com- pete, and they had an indeipendent line of their own into Notgam,' the value of their property would h'corasiderably increased, and they would get an anple remard for their outlay. Heo deeply regrettedi the interruption of their maineral tmaffic, buto the' attention of -the manhaer of the Great Northern Company having been directed to it, he was sure that before long he would find a remnedy for the evil. He co'ngratulated them ipon the state of the canal traffic, and thought there was every probability that in future they would be able to do sometsing more than pay the debenture interest. Mrx. BF.ESLEY seconded the motion. In amqwer~to Mrx. Ms! mn, The Caxncnixw stated t-hat -within the last half-hour they had let the contract for the passenger station, which wouldi be completed by the 25th of Alaoh. Mr. BuRrxy also congratulated the proprietors upon the state of the ctana traffic, commnendled the directors for the outlay they bad made, and hoped. they would pay great attention to the development of that part -of their undertaking, as he -was sure it -would prove of great benefit to them. Mr. PACKE. a director, said inreply to a question respecting the coal trade, they had been carrying a considerable quantityof minerals-fromaDerbyshaxe under contrlt for some tune, but all of a sudden they found that they we-re sending their coals the other way at a much lower Bgare than it was possible they could 'carry them on this line. In consequence of this a large quanitity of coal (about 50,000 tons) accumulated at the Boston-square station, and had to be.disposed of atalmost any price. In fact, it was sold for as littlenas 12 6d. per ton in London. The chairman would give him credit when he said how anxious his colleagues, the Great Northern directors, were to increase the traflic of coa alng hislin. Tey ad lredysucceededi in comnmeningto ellDeryshre oalin ondn,as they no lonerhadthirhans ie bein tem y heagreement Aftr afe reark fom he C~rna&wthe motion wan A motion was then carried declarn the dividend Mlr. W. Durhamn and Mr. R. . WB o eereeetd and Mlr. H. Birlin, Mayor ofNotnhm waelcd a director. A re-solution was then carried, giving the provisional commaittee of the Grand Union Railway Company (one of the schemes mergecl in thbs company) athpersonal indemnity onrciiga sum of 4801. due to te Ambrgate Corn. paTny The meing brk u fter a% vote of thankls to the SOMsERSET CENTRAL. The report end statement of accounts 1lust issued state that the sum received from-theBristol and xeer Company for rent of the line from Highbridge to Glastonbusy to the 80th of June last, less income-tax; amounts to 1,7731., and from other sources 238., showing a tota receipt of 2,0111. on revenue accouint to the end of the past half-year. The disposable'bala.uce of the revenue account, including the balance of 2791. from the 31st of December, 1855, amounts to 1,6741., and the directors recommend a dividend on ' the original share capital of 70,0001. at the usual rate -of 4 poer cent, per annum, less income-tax, for !the pas half-year, leaving a balance of 36Sf.- Bisorre than three-fourth of the 100,0001. share capital authorize-d to be raised by the bill for tho extension of the lin6 to Braton, whieh recei-red :the Royal asszent on the 21st jilt, has been -subserihsed for by resonsible shareholders. The promoters of the Dorset Centra i- wa r ain h e cessary steps for applyinig inL the next session of Plarlniaent for powerto construct the section from BlankdfordltolBrn*on, where it is intenided to form, a junction witl, the Someret Central. By these measures- the hitherto -purely local character of this line becomes merged into one of a more'extended nature,and the report states that the most direct'and unbroken line of communication between the Niorth,Bristol, and Southi Wales with Southampton aind 'the South Coast, -will be afforded. The pier at Biurehamn, in connexion -with the Ey tdl,harbur at t~e month of Cardiff river, will, itis stated,' by enablig ra i communication betwenth to ides of the Eristl Channel. so far to secure flighhridgea the chief trading port for the traffic of South Wales with Zouthampton and the ports, on the southern. coast. 'Worlding survey of the ex,tensions of the line to Wells and Burahiam hae been made, and the directors'1have every reason? to ;knticipate the citizens of Wells will' cordially co-operate inu securing the comparatively smalldeflelency of share capita requiredl. The dlividend -warrants wfil be issuedl on the 1st ot September. The capital account shows' a, total receipt of 92,5801., and ani expenditure of 91,6001.,.leaving a balace of 8901. LANCAS,EMRE AND YoRKSHm,E The report of the directorsef this comliiny st,-testhat the total amount of share and mortgagi capital chargeable on revenue for the half-yea4r ending the 30th of June amounts to 12,817,0391., incluaiijg 8,481-241 of ordinary capital. The expenditure onL capital account, during the hatlf-year' amopunted to 73,8331 The revenue ausounted'.to 556,B591,3 and the traffic 'receiptz for the lsalfyeai' "amounted to 53,6041., against 480,'j181. at thxe corresponding period of l&io, anid the disbur~semaents amifounted to 20S,NI~., against' 195,6557 at the corregsonding period, showi-ng an Increase of fihe chargesears mee31 tg was reommatLienddrap advdn Mr. F-rancis Shaed presiding, The report, a btato which bas appeared ba 2?i s, was adopted, and in the course of observations made by Ur* . agge and Mr 'L' tonI of Newry, tlho importance of a junction with the ewry and Ennisldllen hine was fully admitted, and - resolution in fasvour of such a step was adopted, anthorciing the di±ectors to make arrangements with the NewDry and Ien Railway Company foi tho amalgamation or lease of the railway nd works, orforajunctionbetweenthelines of the two companies, or thereciprocaiworkinge amdi,inbLercbsne of traSic, as they may deem desirable, and to n o-operak. wit applicationl to Parliamset in the ensuing esionL for effctmng all or any of such pnrp6sss. COlRK AND YOUGHiAL. T.ihe report of the. directors state that7-of the secton of 10 saUes now in tbe hands of the nontractors ;the greater p,iortion was ready for laying down the rails. 'The oalculations of the directors as to t!e lo rate at. wish the line would he made were more tn vefied by the experLenc derived from the construction aof the alluded to. The bill for carrying tbe Iine !nto the centre of thecity of Cork passed during tho iast session, as the directors anticipated, with ino serious Opposition, and at a very trifng expense. The. company were now in possession of Perlimnntary powers to construet a hine of raway from af point near the centre of the city of Cork to the dlesp water of Qucenrstown, and to*a point close to the town of XYoughal. ~Several of the shares of the comapany, wPhich were subscribed for so long ago as 1840, were found to be in the sianies of poersons wh o had since died, or Who2seciereumstanCes had so changred as to mnake it undesirablo to -etain the nmes upon the hata and, thodirectors havingtaken tha necessarystepnto forfeit those shares, a resolation confirming that forfeiture would he sub. muitted on this occasion. The statement of accounts represented the receipts for the half-year to amount to 37,3051. and the expenditure to 34,5251, leaving a balance of 2,7801, The CnAsRAs , in moving the adoption of th report expressed a hope that the 10miles alreadyiu the eontractOS' hands would very shortly be completed; and he hadnodoubt that when completed they shoud have no difficulty in getting the remaider finished at a zapid rate The report was then adopted. Resolutionswerethenpassed, declaringtheforfeitureof certa*s shares in the Companyon account of nonpayment of the calls, and authorizng the sale of 200 sh.ares in the Waterford and Tnsmore Railway Comnpany by the trustees of this company, for the benefit of the shareholders. The meeting than sepaated wvith a vote of thanks to the chairman, RAYLWAY SLEEPERS. hfr. W. Howden, the secretary of the Permanent Way Company, in reference to a statement under the above head whichappeared in Plie TirAesof the 2d inst., resnecting -r.ethell'shaving introduced the process of copperizing. timber for sleepers of railways, in order to preserve them from decay, and iuferring that the Permanent Way Com-: pany iS only revivig that which has been done before, states that the f =llowg extract from a circular just issued by this companywill show that there is no attempt at ignoring Sir. Bothell's patent. " The advantages which would result from expelling the sap and replacing it tvith an antiseptic fluid have been long knowu, and the idea of effecting it by applying the fluid nder pressure at the end of a piece of~ timber is not new, having been suggested and patented many years ago by t Bethel. But the means then nsed did not accompliab the Jct irs.ch ~ manner as to admit of its nomuircial application. Eence the hiaexpisite process of creosoting has .been adopted, where the timber is totally immersed in the oil under pressure, which does not permit the sap to escape." The patent of Dr. Boucherie, which this company has taken up, is a mechanical adaptation of the principle, rendering it commercilly available, whereas during t3e existence of Sir. Bethell's patent it, remained in this country merely a curions scientific fact At thelate Paris Exposition; the distinguishea honour or one of the large gold medals (of which only four were conferred in all) was awarded to Dr. Bouchere for his discovery and practical application of this invention. TRAUC RNTUINS. hues l'as- 31er- Total, Total, amy open. wengess. chandLs 56. 2855. Week ending July 26. GrandTrukof Canada .. 513 .. 2,66Q .. 2,403. 5,013 .471. * WeekendingAuguBt & Great Westem oi Canada .. 2£3.. 5.05 .. 2,9S3 . .,151 . . 5,S1I Week ending August 20. M,ons ndsaanage I. 21 . 93 517 . . 515 - S WeekendingAugust23 Glagow & South-Western .. .. 7,013 - ,503 lanelly ...... 2si .-..-. 4s5.. 500 Week eading Augst. l7orablondon ., .. 9 .. - -- - .,- ZSSl. I290 Kendal ad Wimdermere - . - - .. - -. 401 . S33 The following are the last returns of the gross receipts of the principal French zailways from the 5th to the 11th of AmmLust!
TIHE CORN TRADE. LIVERPoOl. AVG. 26. w ne arrvaLs frorm Selaud and coastwise during the ast week have been bfiling. From foreign porte we have reselved 13,828 quarters of wheat, 1,920 quarters of oats, and 2,719 barrels of flour, besides 1,a0 quarters of 'heat end 018 barrels or flour from Canada The exporte isn the same times cDe mrise 5,333 quarters of wheat 5,645 quarters of Indian corn, 2,795 sacks and g,419 barrels of flour. As the weather bas beer.unsettled in this locality andrretty generallv thromsghout the cooutry, holders of good whAst and itsur savoe been gradually advancing their pretersIons the supply and stocks of suchbeisgatpresent quite inadequate to the demand. Imnerior samples remain neglected andvithoutreravery in value. Indian corn eontinues to attract atteftion, as the reportsof the reappearance of the Potato disease receive dasly cnfirmatoer; prime yellow and mixed have adivanced to S3s per quzarter, and primewhite to 34s. and 3Ss. per quarter. At this days 5 rsaket there was a good attendance of the town and country trade and several buyers from a distace; rimoe wheat met wita a brisk demand, and, being ver scarce, breught an advance of 4d. to Ss] per 701b. on the prices of this day week. Inferior and ordinary descriptIons, howevert were quite~ neglected, cDd 3d. p!er 701bh low,er, Ilour oSfprieiaB ityO,in requ-st 2 na o, per barreland ack dearer, bnt inferior qualities vere withoutimopravement aind difficult to mare. Oafs and oatmeal, wit.ha fair saleamable exquoted fully haedear. Barley, beans, ntd peas vwere eleo sheable to a fusr exftentat smlepfric. Indiean corappas in reqhe i atk3 S to 3esog-d. qor prime rIated ane yellowr, and lie 6. to Sda, pbr quarter fhr prime, whiteo bat, hol.ders gemerally asking more money, few sales ct BaRIS l, or. g. . h We have had wet end very unfaveulrable weaLther for all kinds ot barvest oNeratosra since thii day wuee, causing considerable exitemerst in thle trade; farmners askicng, and inmany instances obtaining, ar advance of froms 3m. to 4s. per quarter sinte this day sennight. noreig wheat hae also been sold at piersletr itprevereat. lBarley in de=maud adseal Oain snore sruaest, a*d 6d per quterdearcer, :Flour Is. to Is persacir an*dbarrel hig'her. But.terEsmore freely at. a slight imairevanent in -.alue. *T Whave had murlaraimadsring the partwveek,~ tvl eb the causeof. so0 Sew sample tof r ew wheat appeasing in the market. Wheat of good clsd e i,c nofohe high priosa ore ARBIVift s ThUs DAY lv5s. Wha. ,, .. .. 270 | speseed . . . Ben.. .... .,9e1
TBM L]NDXT R ES1TA ISRU !f.-Reports, more or less trastworthy, have been for some time afloat -rela. -tive to the reveison of some ~- of- the Company's Indian establisinents It is believed that Lord lalhbjse before his departurc from India, drew up some elaba. rate-minutes recommending a rermodelling or reorganization of nearlyeverybranch of the military and medical servioes. lb would be premature to speak with any degree of certainty respecting -these proposed cchanges, some of wuch ,form a subject of eager izoauri frona our lIdian correpoandets ; but-we beli,ve t,hat the great demand for officeis oecu6oned by tbe extension of our territory and the uptedUtion at' the oaiedinatioee sysitem to all odr nowvl aenired provices l at eendered necessar the addition of s Coptan a& sialtesma t every infantry a5id cavalr' 'regnsent5 and that tis chtange wil e speedily. aunnousnce;d. ':he revision of tine artile'ry is stll under ConsiderMtion. A 4 recoustitationl of the medical service is aLso, we are informed, likely to ho ceried into effect, Upon a model recoin - mended. hy tne late Governor.GenessI.-X'ieh, BWckr, andj Co.'.; Gerktand Mailh
UOUBT OF BANKRUP2D, l AYg. 26. = In, V- -r.v -RTTC - (Befo.rMr. Cammf.ssioner F&A?71 The banlrapt was a merchant and commission aget of 10, Fenchurch-street. :RL accounts show debts prior to a sequestration in Scotland, 11,0171.; other debts, 1,1071.- aliabilities 4751. The6assets are about 2501.- hius was the certHficate meeting. 1r. Stabbs, for the assignees, did not-oppose; Mr. Stra geon sunported. The ()o sgro2;E.-X see the names H. and H. Halls, Z,5001. What are these creditors ? Mr. STURGEoN.-Private gentlemen in S-otland. The Co3DnssroNns.-I hardly know what to do in the case. Here is a man who contracts debts to the amount of 11,0001 -in Scotland, and does not pay a farthing. IHe then comes to Enlnd and contracts debts to the amount of 1,1001 more, and gives up 2i01. Mr. SERtinE.-He 1has been peculiarly unfortunate in a connexion with a solicitor. His HoNou-He may take a common third-class certificate.
SUMMrER AssI2Es. NOR7RN t1mrTVp IaVERPOOL AUG. 26. (BEcfore Air. JceWWrLLS etnd a Special Jury.) SIAYOL Anl) OTBHERSZ V. AriSE A2,) OTHERS. Mfr. Wilde, Q., and Mr. Lirnie were counsel for the plaintiff; and Mur. Edward games, Q.C., Mtr. Heath, and thr. crett, forf th defendants. The plaiutifos are owners of the Spanish ship Eufemia, aud the defendants the trustees of the wiverpool Steadm-tu Company. The action was for negligently towing a vesse ith a tug of the defendants' wheby theformer ean-eincolision with the Eufemia and did her considerable damage. It appeared that on the td of October iat the Ch ntsworth, of 1,190 tonis, arrived off the port of Ldverpool under tue chargr of a pilot, and the defendant s steam-tug was hired to' tow her to the Waterloo-dock. Thy e vessel was towed up the, river, on the Cheshire side, at 6 o'clock p.m. Several ships were at anchor nearly in the miadle of the river; oe (the naine of which had not been ascertined) was just abreate of the north end of the Princ5s-pier, and the other (the plainti O veel, a uferoiah off the south end of the same pier. T-his pier is about 750 yards long, and adjoins the south aide of the basfin iuto wofch the Chatsworth had to enter, these bein at communication between that basin and both the Watei oo-dock- and Ithoprinces-doefc. On the tuge moting abreat oof thenohernost of these two vessels at anchor she received an order iron the pioot on hoard the Chatsworth, in conse- uencof b whih she star-boarded her helm and went under t re'spcrnof the fast or northernmost ship. Tho Chats-worth also starboardled her hehm, hut did not readily comae roumd, the consequence of which, was tght, gettini across the tide, which was then half-flood,-she drifted up t e river and ecu amidsihs athwar bawse of the thfemioa, which, from the force o the colision,, dragged her anchor, and also reoeived va:riohs nthuies in her hull and rigging. The pilot was caled os a watness for the plaintiffs, and stated the order he gave to the tug was to go astern of the second and soutLiernmost rhip-meaning the Eufemcia. The plaintifs also put intho depositions of several of the crews of the Chatsworth and the Eufeniia, takei under an order Of Court. For the defeisdauts the master, matoe, and one of the eamen of the tug, and alo a dovl, boatman -who was oni boArd the Chatsworth and near the pilot at the time, were caled, bwo all. positLI'el soethants athferarot's orderd wa to round this ship," meaning the one they wer'e abreast of. it alsoapperedthat another-vessel was at anchor a short distanceto thesouth of the Eufemia, and that a collision with this third vessel, aszwell as with some of the numeious ferry-boats plying to and from the landing-stage off St. orge'spier, which adjoins the Prince's-pier to the so-th, would av been probable, if the tovg had gone astern of the The learmed JuDE left it to the 'jury to Say whethdr the tug had obeyed the orders of the pilot, and also whether the course the tug took was under the circumstances a proper The ury afer shrt cnsutaton,foud averdict for &tthe defendants, stati the atin the as opin ecrew of the tugwhad obeyed the orderve givenr the m byi the pilot, b nd aon therat the qourse whih vit0rhe thug too was correct snd aroerd than that they (the bury) c tld ' not say why it had CRoORe A V. rB_o csrT t AND Xoaa. nJu.) This wa an action on a cbarterparty by the plaintiff, 'who is a Dth soa ipowner, against the defendants, who'are nerchants atJliverpoot for not loading the plaiztiff's ship in pusance of the ters sof the charterparty. i Mr. B. James, Q.C., and Mr. Q cin appeared fortthe plaintiff; Mr. J. 'wiiae, Q.C., and MrT. Xemnplay appeare for the defendants. it appeared that the e defendants, being in want if a ship to bend to Batavsia aplied to Mesrs. Vansatten. end earcn, brokers at Liverpool, who, thrugh their correspondents at Amsterdam, obtainedfan offer-of thes pain. tiff's ship, thee Swan, whdch wa accepted by the defendants by telegraph. The defendants afterwards signed a charter. party, whieh wan sent to Anmsteram for acceptance by the plaintiff, odn the vessel left Amsterdam for Liverdool. Upon then -part of the aefendants it was alleged'that it was expressly stipulntc that the charterparty should he sent hack fro-m Amsteraam "eby retunii of post." -si.ed by the.platiff,hebro t ie - wo on out nureiniy th inentin ofthepartes.As soon ate defenantsdiscoeredthis lter ton±hey declared fthe catrVoidPupn hat, groUndE, and repuldiated it altogether. The.brokers. thereupon etruck outtho objectionable words, andc returnedl the charter, but the defendants still persisted in their repudiation of it, The learntd judge) told the jur that the effect of the lteration. was a, question of;la which would he reserve-d for the opinion of the Court, but that the other question wan fo-r the jury, 'who aie.some consideration found a verdict for the plaintiff. It was agreed that the damagges should be settled out of court.' -(Before A&. Baron J3RVrWc m arsr ad a speeiaf ury.) TaB LOCAL i36OAD oT H-EALTH OF- irixSTro-UP0-1JULLmr V. JONES. This was an actio,i by the plaintiff to recover froza!the defendant mnoney payable in respect of a private imprpovmenot rate. .- Mr. Attorney-Gen6ral Kols Mr. War'ren, Q.C., and Mrc. T. P. B. ThVmpson, a-.ppearea for the plaintiffs;. and Mr. ugh ill,Q.C. and Mr.ellish for-the defendant. Theaction wasbought by the,plantithe town-council1 of Hull as the Local Coard of Hfealth, to recover from the dlefendant theproportilon oi certain expnsas to whic'hhe was alleged to be lible o aigadcanligasre in Hull. laofrpvn n hneln tre The street in question -was formned of laind partly in the parish of Sculeoates and partly in thne parishi of the Holy Trinity, and after its formation the plaintiffs celled upon the adjoining "!owners" to prsve; flag, and channel and, this demand not having.boead complied with, the' plainitifir e-xecuted the necessary w orks, and charged tho defendant with a proportionate share of t-he expanses. It appeard that the cenitroof this new.- street bad tilithe year 18571 been the site (covered up in 31831) of a very ancient ditch, or dyke, belonging to the corb ton,-nud the maain- dispute was .whethei~ theisoutherjbWkhad become a puiblic foot' or -high-way, reparable by the puablic, and, therefore, intervenmin between -the defendats~ premises and the new. street, into.whichit bad been inoor. porated. It was contenaded, in effect, that this fact negatived the defendant's. proPerty,fronting , sadjig or abuttin uapon the new street, and that th6 owners -were not liable to a private improvement rate, bzat that the expenses should be Aftr harig te tstionyof ariuswitnesses end muc doumetar evdene, he earedJUDGE ruledl that the efedan wanotliale,andtha th rod binga great Anoter ctio bythe ameplaintiffs.againat the Trinityhiouse ofHul in hcMr Watson, QC,And Mr. M11. -'ward appeae frtedenants, was withdrawnin conse. quenceof thabvdeion
.POPUE. :'- l - - :: NSON-aOvS1.-M. Xindon, a gechtXan. of inde-| pendent means, finidain$ at o. 4, lverpool-street,,Waltor£h-toe 'attende'd of fore the LoRD XAyop in reference to the eae of Wiw& Neary, -who, -with Mr. Gorge. :Fssey, a timber-nerchant, carryng sn busines t1illwal, was comoitedl for trial on Laurday last upon a charge of having, by false anld fraudulent tre enoa, zonspied to obtain large sUMs.5 of money ffm Mr. Joh Walker, cor-pted ironmerchant, of rthur-re st and Millwall. Uponthat coCasica theLord o sidhe would acespt bail for the appearance of the defenants at the Central Criminal Court, themselves in 5001., sad two sureties in 2501. each. Foesey put in the required bail, bUt Weary, who was unable-to do so, ws conmittedto xewgate.- Ne was already wi'tinbis trial at the Central Ciiminal Court upon a charge f embeaing money belonging to theprosecutor, in whose service he bhad formerly beena s clerk, andhadbeeu admitted to bI, Mr. Kingdon having become hissurety.. - I I - Mr. ingdon (addregsing the Lord Mayor) said-When YourLordship committed .illiam Neary fortria on Satrday lat I was already hs beil ou aharge of elnberlement,which ad notaing at all to do with the proeeding then brou&ht before the Court. When I s-ina llbecame i for. mm Ilhad not the slightest idea that any other chagI woulldbebr -ht an te hre l e AgE.aSinst bira and I. consented to -beoome hisbi onvr aec rny-o,wanmind,aaadfromnthe repreRentationsmade to iue, that h& wm perfectly innocent of the offence of which he was Accused, - and that he would obt ain an h bon ourable, acuittal. I Zam-r stil of thie SAM e Opinion with reard to the first charge; but after thea evidence sdduceed on Saturday last, gand seeing that he is now in,custody on another charge, in -reference to which your Lordship consented to receive bail-himself in -500L and two suritiesin 25t eah-iwish that he may be considered in custody in discharge of my recogfizmeo. The LnaD bE'on.-If the: prisoner were at large yoU could bring him here and surrenderihim, but you cannot withdaw from your recognizance without the appence of the principal, If Neary should offer bail we will ta}e care to send to you, in order that yoa may have an opportunity of cominghere. -r. liingdon.-At the firt session, which was a week ater the original commitment, Itook NTeary to the Central Crinal Coart to surrender him, in order that he might take hi5 trial, and he asprenared to do so, but the prosecutor, withoutving me notee, appled to have the trial otponed. I did not consenti to my recognisance being enIsaed, aund I had no knowledgewliatever of the proceeding. .1e I,PDhl&XOn.-lf aniy anformaiity has occarred elsetwhere, lTeat shall not r,e discharged wiithout your con- Mr. lingaon thanked the Lord mayor anid withdrew. GUDR icHAnn-ichard Slster, a Clothpresser and packer, was placed at the bar before Alderman FriIs, charged with stealing a silver watch and gold guardehain, value 71. 5s., the property of John Whybrow. - John Leonard, citypolice-constable 119, said, he apprehended the prisoner at the Enston-square railway-station about 7 o'clock that morning, and charged him with stealing a sUlverwatdh and gold chain H.e at first denied it, but on the way to the station-house he said he had taken-theD, and pledged them at a pawnbroker's shop in Church-street, Bethinal-green, for 21. ls. He fook him to the station and searched him, and fo-and on him Csv9d. in silver, and three duplicates, one of which related to the watch and chain in Benjamin Ames, the assistant to Mr. Cocksedge, the pawnbrokrer referred to, produced- the watch and chain, which had been- pledged by the prisoner in the name of John LoveD. John Whybrow said he lived at 20, Boor-lane, and slept in the same bed with the prisoner. His watch and gard were safe on Sunday night, but when he got 7sp on Monday morninghemissedthem. The prisoner had nsen some tame before him, and left the_premises without giving notice of his intention to do so. He had left his situation without giving notice, and in consequence of his doing so he gave notice to the pohce, and also such information as led to the apprehension of the prisoner. The watch and chain were worth 71. 5s. The prLsoner was fully committed for trial. William :idding, a hawker, was charged with being drank and creating a disturbance, and also with assaulting the police. Police-constable 241 stated, that about 12 o'clock on Monday the prisoner ws very drunk, and abusing his cwfe, in Newcastle-street, Farringdon-street. He tried to-persu3de him to go home, but hewould not. Ee demannedtobe taken to the station-house, and, uLpon his attempting to take him there, he became very violent, kicked hii several timnes on the legs, and struck him on the jaw. Three other officers came to his-Assistance,-an7- he assauited them also. They were ultimately obliged to strap his legs in order to carry him to the station-house. City Police-constable 289 corroborated' this testimony and stated that he received several kicks on the legs hrom the prisoner. The prisoner's wife came forward, and said her husband was wvillSneo to to the station-house, but the police officers dad x Nvitreated hi Shealso accused the officer 241 of drinkind gin witl herkusbanda short time previous. to the occurrence at a piblic-house in a street leading out of Holborn-hill. Shelmewwlherethehousewas,but could not go to it. - - Inspector Teagae said the prisoner was mad drank when brought to the station-house, end kicked with so much violence that he icdked the heel off one of his boots. A gentleman in conrt said he had witnessed the transaction from the beg-inning to the end, and the police had behaved in the most creditable manner o themseves, and shownthe ratanost forbearance towards the prisoner. Aldermn Fipaus said,;after this evidence, he didinot believe a word Mrs. Fielding had said, and should fine the priSOner 20s:for the assault-onthe police, and 5s. for being =dk, or, in defialt, 21 days' imprisonment. Bo'u-srnimr.-Jerome Cokeley, a mason, a man of vigorous frame and of a brEtal expression of countenance, was charged with a ferocious assault on his wife. The complainant, a poor emaciated-looking creature, stated that on the previous iight she was sitting at supper with the prisoner, when ha began quarrelling with her and threw a tableknife at her. He then seized a large hammer and strucl at her with it. She got under the bed to escape from him, but he stooped down and strck her repeatedly with the hammer about the arms and legs. [The poor woman here exhibited her arm, which was marked with deep black bruises from the wrist to the shoulder.] Finding it difficult to get at her with so short a weapon as the hammer, he took up the poker and inlicted further injury upon her. Her screams attracted the attention of a constable on duty in the street, and he came in and tookl her husband in custody. She was compelled to press the charge for her own safety, as the defendant was in the habit of using similar violence to her. She had once left him and gone to service, but ho found her out and called repeatedly uponi her master, demanding that she should be given nup to him, threatening legal proceedings, and making such disturbances in the street that at last her caster was oblig,d to discharge her to get rid of the nuisance. She was quite able to get her own living if she was reEeved from his persecation. Inspector Checkley said the prisoner was well I;nown to the police as aman of brtl and lesperate character. He and his brother had actually kdlled a constable of the E division. 'Lhe prisoner being taken at the time waa sentenced before the man's death, and got off with a short imprisonmient on a snmmary conviction, but the brother, who was apprehended after the man's death, was transported for seven years. The prisoner denied'that he hlad struck his wife with the polker or hammer, but admitted that he knooked her down for bein drunk. MIr. flnxy-7:ven if she was so you should not beat her so barbarously. Tphe complainant adminitted that she was the worse for iquor, but said that it was with the prisoner sne was drinking. She never did so but when lie meade her. Teorasoner aclmowledgad that this was true. PEr. Hxwn sentenced himn to sis months' imprisonmlent, and orderedhim to find bail for six monthsmore intwo sureties of 401. each. Three dirty, dissipated-looling Irishwomen, living in a low den in Barley-oourt, and giving the names Margaret Wimpole, Mary Ann Taylor, and'Elizabeth Sweeny, avere placed at the bar umder the following circumstances -_ At about S o'clockthat morning policeman E6found the prisoner Sweeny lyingin Barley-court, drunk and incapable of moving or speaking. Wimpole ws quarrelling with some man and accusing himn of robbing Sweeny. T e constable with some difMculty xoused Sweeny, and inquired if she had been robbed. She replied, " No, I have got my money in my pocket,' and began to fumble in her poclet, ultimately dropping a handful of silver on the ground. . The policeman Dicked up the money and put it in his pocket, upon which 'Wimpole accused him of stealig it. At this momout Taylor, who is Wimpole's mother, came out of their house, and the ,two together rushed pon him from behsind, seized him bybhe throat, dragged him backward, and threwi himrn on the ground. Before he could recover himself they had roii into the hous He followed and attempted to take t tbem into ustody.. Theymnade furious attack upon him,rat mpoleseiring,his nosewith her teeth so as nearly to bite a piece off, and Taylor beating himabout the head with a .stick. HWe took his rattle from his pocket and struck them onthe head with it 'util they released him. Both their heads waer cut. He again attentptedtotakethent, and asiecod st;rugogle ennsed, which ended in the prisoners dragging him out at the front-door. He spr?ang his rattle, and several other constables came to his assistance. Eventually Sweeny (who was still snseless inthe gutter) was removed tothe station, and the other two tothe oCspital Witness also went to the hospit and hd his rose sewn:up. M&fir. flx:remarked that it was very impradent of the constable to follow the woman into the house. He should have taken Sweeny to the sttion, and obtained a warrant against the others- The defence was that the constable had first used violIence to ,i ellschargaK~ y Sweeny, and remanded the others forfurtherinquiry. WOnrr-SrTPnXXr.--Sophia Mayhew, an attenuated and scntily-dressed young woman, wmas placed before Mr D'EYIY:couT on the following charge, preferred by the paish authorities of 2etbnal-green. Phippa, a constable of thelK division, stated that -whio on duty on lorth,tearrace, :Bethnal-green, - t a late hour on the bight of Sunday, the-10th inst., his ttenion was attrat.ed by the faint cies of ai infant apparently couuing fromnthe ground, andcon searching .aboutin that and the adioining street he at last discovered, in an out ofthe w spot, a*male infant, only Eix weeks old, aparently very weakly, 'and which he at once transferre to the work house. Francis, one of the- Benalgreen IJnion offic6r sta&ted that on the infaunt being brought to their house, .Where it I had been ever since itwa found to be in such state* of illness from expokure to the weather and deprivation of its naturalsupport,tbat it was obliged o be laoednnder th zae of the hous-surgeon, ho expressed nis fears that it would die. Every exertioli had beehmuade.to di-oorer thie pws6n who had oeerted it, but uwleeaal, u1nil the proceding day, when the ptisonercrsented her,h t }aosc with A requA to see the chid, ad, kving dei that she 'was its mnother, hE' Wa at en.. given into CUO and lodged in the station. She I wle3gedh deserted the infant, and 91Wa l b tha _h -! bems forocd to, do so by great dUttwve1.A- W -Atth psh had been -recently to ioh -eape' n4 ano,..,t brthate desextion of cldren by tMeirn - i - - les than six unfortunate little "reahlF vigbe,2 broughlt to tlat houe xwitin t;he lt t t of who ha did, n siteof everycrtatcldb ke of it, that theau ii ac this case, as an example to deter others....4 been pe ned and -dested by >the father of te cid 'and was obliged to leave it in the Srt, Y abe 'we. so destitute abe had no means hatever o1pro iieoit.: 3dr. D'E2ycouxz eensured the em col et of th sonerin exposi ao tender an infnt to tbaioE intentionof sending her fotriaif thhild sod recover, ordered her to be com3mitted still tht dar week. CGa.-Rosp4cta qbly-desaed'womsn, irhoga-e thenarse of Elizabeth Prout, a married lady, Tesiding at NZo. 20, Grett Coram-st.ret, Brsnwicksqnare-was plioe& at the bar before Mr. COE;xm chxrged with stealing Sib. of candles, valued at Is. 10t., the property of Mr. HwAa3lU oil and colourman, carrying on bunness at judd_driee 2New-xoad.I: ,; Mr. Lewis, juiL, appeared fer the prisoner. - The complainant, on being sworn, state that on Saur. day niht, about 10 o'clock, the prisoner camue into -his shop, m Jnddastreet, and asked for a -snali quitity of matches. At that time there were several PeIrss ifl the Ehop, and-lne 'wag serving one of them at the extrei ena. Theprisoner during thig time Seemed very uneasy, nda hi ( lit's) sister, 'ho wss tti pralour, saw her. look throug'h the glass Bevera tiimes When ie camd upto 'where the prisoner -wha standing sheo wi ser ve6d'wxthi a. small quantity of miatch es'whi ch'shn9 paiLd for, I t the saet me eaking that that -was all-she reo,ie tha evenig. oeinthatshe had a.poket of= I conceled u nder her uutlehewenround the counter, and, stoppin e and liftig up -he mantle, -meaid, "What have you got bere She appeared to be're mntich- excited, and, i answer to his question, sad she had got; a pake of candles which she was taidng up to teqred anounerd anSwhich, awith some other goodsL She neuie unr to send home to her house in. Great CUorm. strec-t. Herephled that people who'wsntedtihings senthome -were not generally in the habit of plbcinW goods unclerthieir mesntis, an,robberies of tgi description by respectahl dressedpersonaering SDo numerous, lhe sent for a constab MT.av erit cu todu.Th cndl es wereinpakes ad. tere pac aed romdthe fenor ab, sout laadgh, a .a cr. te udd sided in the s ame,om "e cwith ,te wrisonver, hasboutablepter,on, and hadt uenteled hai.e wThel orf'tTierwa caastfol fows:- rypkt D anls Sevral peris obnces t hlte gave. r hed andso r Th. cefanry raule thsat it co puld t ia rand.tepioe conenddltat allso oif cliethad Edoewasd qulecn siofsDaeng ithn anc honest intento tof pay or the -woods. His thlem eniefte pwerson andge -ith wasin onotlikely tha wolNorfhernBitwaherom Peterbforou-p thitrcent of cadles. Sevrald phersomansyaefrad n aete snra *Mr. Voiliamsai the wouldrnteennd stea chase beor au nuy ofThe jsarisoner wouldtheredirg bnie comted to the wiiddieies esiosfrtra, but hpeawoud thak ebaln~ ther t erainnasedat e-tw su! preies oin 201.s e rahe , a n d, h 9faer owen ecgnizanes inph The CPnecsayhi was athone pefudx:tsi and,i dfut of prisne WMilliam Grenson, ofe 2Juh, ofdoar nuniLn, lnoflziareig ton, aned onlthed Tate, ofee arsma gethwolemn 'wa ofte eng binegites wereu carge s iuthg xidisMng onamsGea fNcraud the Gmpatnoy rr aiwy Ther.illneiams,ter sdrpeupttenent ttedm thatfithwas on ofdhis'uran see,vand, rotitsAding o thater coelamucs pithou puaerm hisson to pappteIfared thatwhenoge the tra nopased ;t toLndonas the hd sreftendatso wfere aprhend 'ed. up M1r. ConlriE fined the defendants and, vine deasl o paid. ma,they were spento tole f the Houseisoi of Corecion or14 waith being dreunskad asutin h useiand tomsey, twot olacrs f te Geat2~oihen isiiway
STATE OF PRADE. : lANCBESTEE, AUG. 26. There iS no marked increase of business in the market. generall, but in some deartments there is rather m6or doing, t ough even with this s]ight accessin of acttvity tht amount of operations is very limited. Prices coitinue without -unch alteration, but the extreme point of advance lately ched is no longer insisted on by sellerss If pro. ducers -were willing to make a slight concession on the full rates nowv current there-would robabl bea good deal of business, but this they are not dispose to do at present, belie7ing that a favourable change in the weather would lead o a great increase of demrad. This afternocn, thetahas been great firmness in yarns, India ualities exce ted, bat the busines doing is not large. Messrs John Slagg and Co. Teport:- " There is little or no change to note in the market since Tuesday last. Indis and China goods generaly, and 40inch shirting" especially, are still neglected; and, as stocks begin tD accumulate, there is more anxiety to sehl and pnices are rather unsteady; but a veryF sli,.ht conces5ion onr the part oi sellers would lead to a consideralli business. in. other descriptions, though there is, perhaps,. rather lessbusiness doing than during the las t few w eeks, there is nc change in prices." iessrs Georgereser, Son, and Co., say:- "There has been a tame and inactive market to-day. India shirtings continue to incline downwards, and there isthe same inclination in yarns for that market. Inother respectsprices are generally without change, but the trade are now wishful to make sales." In their monthly circulor the same firm observe "With partial exceptions, the improverment gained in. prices at the beginning of the mnouth is not lost, as vill be seen by comparmg our present quotations with those -we gave in our Lastosrcular. It will be faund that while India and China shirtingasrestationTy, or insome cases theturn lower, there is an advance of lAd. per piece on iths printers, of Id. per piese on madapollams, of ld. t4 2d. per piece on -StSh printers, of l.d. to 3d. per piece on 9-Sths shirtings, of Lld. per piece on iguredshirtings and T-cloths, and of 14d. fo 4Ad. per piece on longdoths, domest3ic. reinaining about stationary mn value. "Thus, it will be seen that the positiou of the manufacturing interest has again been further amehiorated-durnn the past month, as cotton has not improved inurice simltaneously, save forthe comparatively scarce rtie of Sxurats buthsas been edull ancd inanmaDte at barely the prices cuxrent~ a month ago. This is the third month ruonin that e have had to notice the gradual improvement in tse position of the trade, bl6 it has still much to gain before the com paratively favourable condition be aain secured which it occupied before the war with llussia broke ont,-and before the prico of food was so much ienbanced. It is, however, satisfactory to iind that the movement is progressing in the right direction, and the more so as we believe that it will be continuons duringthe remaining months of the year ir we have a good harvest. The stock of cotton in Liverpool is larger than it has beenfor sone years at the corespond. mag period, and, as the accounts sofar received respecting the growing crops are verv favourable, we may begin fe hope that the diffculty in obtaining an adequate sUprly of the raw matezial is being by degrees overcome, andthat, whatever may be the actual position of prioes, a larger margin wvll exist than for the lst' two years between the staple and the manufactured product, whi'ch wll encourage ,the trade to extend maachinery, and thus further enlarge the permaent employnsent of the labouringzclasses. Thereis no material slange in the money-market. The demana has been more active, and rates have been a little higher, so that all expectation of the :Bak- of Engand reducing its mianimumn rate has passed away for t+he present. This week again the demand for 2=oney is stted to be less active, and that discounts can be obtained below the Bank's rate. We may expect fora time to witiess these little fluctuations, but, if ite weather take up, as onoe more seems probable, and become propitiows for securing in good, condition the residue of our abundant harvest, there seems every reason to anticipate that later in the year the value of money will be low,er, and that trade wMi beoe more active. And, if these expectations be realised, we may anticipate a rorther- gradual, but steadyV and oertainadvance inthe prics of oaur leding staple bat withstanding the rise whichlhasalready been establshed sinoe the beginning of the year." LEEDS, AUG. 26. The cloth-markets to-day have beantolerably brisk, and a, full average amount of business baa been done. The tone of the trade has rather improved, in consequaece, to some extent, of the improved state of the weather. Prices are firmi, and stocks ar 'ute within a easonable compass. The report of the adtdewr9sfield celoth-market to-da is a. follows:r-" There has been fir attendianoee o buyers in the markvet to-day, and husinees has been rather brisker. The largestsales havebeen in fancies, both bordered ;a plaifl a low goods, steel mixtureh, and black doezkins, the transactions hiave been of moderate extent."
