DEATHS. On the 24 of October last, at Hobart-town, Van fiemenjs Land, in the d49 ear of his age. George BurtonPhillipson, eldest Eon of the late h or George Burton EtiiEpco*. e* the L2th inst.. atClare, Stffolk, of cofumpticn, deePlylamented Wmi,am Hemry, youngest son of the late Richard Best, gentlemana formerly of Chatham. in the county of Kent. age<l 19. On Tuesday the 16th inst., at his residence, West-park House, Clifton, near Bit'ol, the llev. William Bennett, rector of Cheam. Zurrey, in the 931 year of his age. On the 19th inst, at Tunbridge-wels MfrtfHarriett WagBhorn, ridow Cf the lateLieutenant Thomas Fletcher Waghorn, aged 54. On the 19th inst. at Winchmore-hlll. in the SKth year of his age, deepl 'gretted, W]iarn Witt, FEq., after a short but painful ilreso. On the 21st inst., at Boulogne-surn-Mer, France; widow of the lato Colonel Patrick Maxwell in her 6Sth year. On the 2d inst., at Clarendon-road, Maida-hill, MIr. James Macken, aged 74. On the 234 inst.. in Addison-terrace, Notting-hill s 7Sth year, Jephthah Hfuntly, sq., respected and lamented. On the 2Ithinst. at Brompton, Thomas James Wiltshire, Baq., late of Coenhill, aged tO. On the 24th inst_ at 28. Park-place, Cheltenham, Capt. William -Cousens, aleeof theoH?IC,S., aged.6& On the 24th inst., at Highan Ferere. Willian Hven Pope, soy' Ston, aged 4, fifth son of the late Rev. James Pope, -,icar of Great Stanghton, Huntingdonshire. On the 24th inst., at 35, Brunswick-square, Hove, Brighton, most sincerely lamented, Frances, relict of Wlliam AtkinaBowyer, EFq., of the Manorestate. ClaPham, aged 7L On the 25th inst.g at the Prince of OrangeHotel, Gra-eend, 3Mr. John Doughty, aged I8. riOn the 25th inst.. at Exmouth, aged 89, la CDmtesse do Vismes, iidow of the late Colonel Count do Visues. of the Coldstream Guar On the 25thinst., of bronchitis, Anne, wife of Mr. John Skeet, of B3rixtten-rise. On the 25th inst, at Datchet. Caroline, daughter of the late Charles Broughton,Eaq., formerly of Clam, Suffolk, On the 25lth inst., Georgina Walker, aged 23. fourth daughter of George J. A. Walker, Esq.. of Xorton-juxta-Kempey, in the county of 'Worcester. On the 26th inst., at Allerton Hall, near Leeds, William Williams 3 Browis, £sq., inhis 6Sth year. On Saturday. the N6th inst., 1m. Sophiat Disney, aged 78 the wife of Jo0hn Disney. Es., of the Hyde, Ingatestone, Esaex. On the 36th inst., at Coleyieston, near Stamford, Caroline, the xife of Charles Day, aged 46, O= the%6th int., at l67, Albany-street, Regent's-p rk A me- t bFniiingdaughterof the lateJeremisah Howard, M...,ofiorthdeet, On Saturday. the 26th inst., at 3L. Enstenonlrme, Maleoha Beboest the infast eon of Frederick Peake, Esq., of Grags-snn-square. On the 27th inst., at Hampstead, John Ialor, Esq. On the 25th inst., after a few day illne at his residence, 1, Cityterrace, City-road, Dr. Robert Hills, deeply lamented. On the 27th inst., at his residence, Manor-terrace, Brixton, Joshua Thonf a rdford. Eoq., of Farringden-street, city, Deputy of the Ward of Farringdon without, ina his 79th year. Ont he 27rth inst., at No. 45, Albemaxie-street, London, Eliza, eldest -aughter of the late T. T. Cock, Bg., of Messing, Essex, On the 2°th inst, FElward Vhite, Esq., of Clifton-road, St. Jobnlsroed, and MLark-lane, aged 50. On the 27-th inst., at Liverpool-tenrace, Liverpool-road, Islingten, Elizabeth. eldest daughter of the late Mm, Emmutt, of PIak-terrace, inher4lthlear.
EONM Y-.MABKErB nd OTTYINTELLIGW3CE. -Monday Evening. The EnglisX funds opened with buoyancy this mornmig at the improved prices of Saturday, and soon experienced a furtlher considerable rise, from which there wsas only a partial and temporary reaction, thc market at the close presenting a very firm .appear.ince. Consos for money, which left ofF on Sdturday evening at 91 to I, were first quotedl 91 to i, wrhence they stealy advanced to 91g. Tey then receded to 91g, butt towards the termination of business there was renewed animation,r and the last official transactions were at 911 for- money, and 919 to a- for the 7th of February;- -The next account is fixed for the 11th of March,, and the final quotation for that period 'was 92tol. The operations of the day were to a fair extent, but money -was scarce, and loans on stock were in demand at 6 per cent. ThBe belief in peace continues to gain strength, and in wellinformed quarters there is an impression that it 'wll be concluded before Easter. Bank Stock left offat20!) to210; Reduced,910 to92; NewThree per Cents., 924 to A; Long Annuities, 3J-; Annuities, 188a, 164-; Indi Stock, 218 to 22iT; Exche- juer-bonds, 98; and India-bonds and Exchequerbills, Os. to 2s. discount. In folrign securities there was g,reater activity, and the improvement in most cases was wellmaintained. Operations in Turkisli Six per Cents. occurred at 91A, i, 211, 91,J92, a nd 31A. The Fotur per Cent. Giuaranteed Stock was negotiated at 102R and i, and closed at 102s to J. The general business comprised-Brazillan, -New. 97k. Chilian Three per Cents., 6S; Danish Five per &nts., 103; Ecuador, 51. the New Consolidated, 14't and 4,; Granada, \ewActive, 201; the Deferred, 71-; Greek, 6a; Mexican, for account, 20'; and Peruvian, ior account, I 9-A, 80A, and 81; the Three per Cents., for account, 50 ;I'ortuguese Five per Cents., 51k; the Four per Cents., 48& and 47k; Russian Five per Cents., 104 and 10M; Sardinian Five per Cents., for the account, 89, 891, and S8- ; Spanish Three per Cents., 41i&; the Rew Deferred, 23 and 22k; Venezuela Deferred, 121 ; Diitch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 6(4-; Lthe Four per Cent. Certificates, 95o; and Perlvian Dollar-bonds, 60, 59', and 62.9 7Ehe increasing expectations of peace caused the corn-market to be extremely dull this morning at the decline of MIondav last. It is iuiderstood that about 200,0001. of the gold brought by th3 Champion of the Seas has been taken to thc Biank of England. The remaining :300,0001., it is presunied, will all be sent to Paris in the course of the week. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 69f. 25c. for money and 69f. 60c. for the accolunt, showing a further improvement of nearly a half per cent. A-t Vienna the money-market reniains withlout material change, but the tendency is favourable. The advices from Paris mention that the rate of excha.nge on London exhibits a downward tendency, owing to the quantity of silver being- sent to supply the demand for India. LlMoney was very scarce, and the approaching monthly liquidation on the Bourse wa3 expected to be attended with considerable difficulty. The conunercial advices from 'New York to-day are uniiiteresting, except that they show a re-action in the stock-market, consequent upon renewed reports of a desire on the part of thc President to fasten a quarrel iipon England in connexion with MIr. Cr.mpton and the enlistment question. A few days previously there had been a rapid rise- in mnost descriptions of securities, and the money-market altogether had assumned an improved appearance. The latest quotations of the principal railway stocks 'were-Erie, 5O'-; Reading, 92; Panama, 99 ; and hllinozs Central Bonds, S14. The Atlantic was to sail on the 19th inst., and may be expected on Wednesday or Thursday next, but ilU not be likely to bring any specie. The news of the commencement Dof peace ne,gotiations had influenced the grainmarket, and a fall had taken place in wheat equal to 1ts. or as. Gd. per quarter. The st*te of trade in the manufacturing towns dluring the past wee'k has sho-wn no alteratioll. At 3Mlanchester business has been steady and prices firm; but the suspension has been announced of Yessrs. Kelly and Gilmour, cotton-spinners, with rather heavy liabilities. The Birninglham ironmnarket is fairly maintained, and in the general occupations of the place there is increased employment. at i!ottingham the transactions both in hosiery and 1ace have been of a m.oderate, but satisfactory chaLracter. In the wvoollen districts thle operations have 'Loan to atn average extent, and in the Irish linenmarkets quotations have exhibited an upward tenclency. At a meeting of the Australian Agricultural Company, held to-day, MIr. J. R. Ravenshaw presiding, the report, of which an abstract appeared in Thte Tinzes of the 24h inst., was adopted. Considerable discu-ssion, however, previously took place on the management and prospects of the undertaking. The great power exercised by Captain Browvnri"g the superintendent in Australia, lunaccompaniedcl any responsible check on the spot, and the merely partial success that has followed recent operations, appear to have induced an impression among the proprietors that some chan.ge in policy is necessary. It is aIso sulggested that the machinery of the board in this country may be improved, it being considered that the number of directors is too large, looking at the profits which have been derived from business. Although the property, including the land, agric-ultural stock, and collieries, is acknowvledged to he valuable, the expendittire seems excessive, and it has bJeen recommended that the accounts shall in fiutture be presented in greater detail. The ex-planations of the dlirectors showed that they themselves are not satisfied w^-ith the results of operations, and it was stated on their behalf that pians are under consideration which, it isthought,will improvethe adcninistratiolI in Australia. Amendments, therefore, which had beenproposed-oneto dlivide the surplus of profits exhubited in the balance-sheet, and another to appoint a commIlttee to co-operate with the board-were with(lrav.m, and a hope was expressed that the next report 'will be found more encouraging. It is stated that a return of 4s. Od. per share is proposed to be made by the directors of the West 3fariposa Gold Company, and that the majoritv of the scripholders are prepared to accept the amount. The departu from the port of London for the Australian colonies during the pat week have comprised five vessels-three to Port Phillip,one toNew Zealand, and one to Hoobart Town-withlan aggregate capacity of 3,115 tons. The rates of freight exhibit scarcely any alteration. The Hashemy has arrived from Sydney, but brings only TO oz. of gold, valued at 2S01. The Granite CitY is also reported nith a small quantity. The report of the Bank of New South Wales for The hallf-yeai ending the 30th of September, 1a55, Ehows a not profit of 4C,2821., wbhicl, with a balance in hand of t,O591., made a divisible total of 67,3411. Of this suin 50,O001. was appropriated for a diviZent at the rate of 20 per cent, per annum, and 9,0591. to the reserve fund (now amounting to 100,0001.), leaving a balance of 8,2821. for the equalization of future dividends. The following is from the North British Austinlian Company :_ " The directors have received advices per Granite City from Mr. Mlackay, dated Sydney, the 1st of Noveniber, and fron Mr- Beeger, datcd Kawan, the Sth of October. The iatelr11ence from KaMwan, w,ith regard to the progress at the minie, is nnfavourable, and tle workings have proved so unproductive at the deepest leveL and the expenditure continued to be so great, that Mr. Mrackay had wvritten to Mur. Beeger, reconnmending the total suspensioni of futlier trials in the mine. The accounts of the properties in ?Nevw South Wales, aid the general business continue to be very ratisfatiery."
TRADE REPORT. 311onday Evening. TArLOw.-The nmrket steady, at 5Ss3. 3d.from now to. the end of March; f&. for April, May, and June; and Ms1. foti tbe las't th-ree mnonths. Annexed zro the statistics of stock,7 and prices. ArPIv.Ts ryst TuZ War. Ar~~~trafla.~~~~Casks Sooth Aancrica.28 Other places .28 ;Fith regard to the zenerafI tate of the trade, the followilpi froin -the circular of Messrs. Colchester and Co. *- ere has-been but. little animation ir. the tallow-market urhing the -week; plices have, however, been pretty well sustained; the demand from the trade has been limitd, but we think .there are symptoms of improvement, the supply of home tallow being reported not izo good as it has been tLom mosat p2t5 of the country. JLttori from St. Peterz;j birg uoto a considerable advance in price, 140 roubles. %ith 10 roubles hand monev, having been paid for several thousand-casks, deliverable in August. Our closing quotations to-day are 58s. to 58s. 3d. February and March; 53s. April to June; 51s. to 51s. 6tt October to December; on the spot 58s. 3d. is paid for Y. C. ; 56s. d for old Y. C. ; 56s. 6d. to 5Ss. 9d. for Taganrog taUow - o5. 6d. Australian beef; 57s. sheep - 58s. South American ; 5g. town tallow." CLuINrO;.-iibe quarterly series of public sales, consisting of I,S74balesm 23 cases, 47 boxes, and bO parcels Ceylon, took place this afternoon. There vas good general competition, and nearly the whole quantity put up was disposed of-first and second assortments, more particularly the good and fine portions, at an advance of ld. to 2d. per lb., and ordinary, as weU as thirds and fourrths, at an occasional advance upn lastsale's prices. The quotations range, for 403 bales of first sorts, inferior to fine, from ls. OSd. to 2s. 7d., and nine parcels, of about 301b. wbeight, very fine, selected, at 3s. per lb.; 966 bales seconds, ordinary to good, from ls. 2dtto ls. 10d.; 4s0 bales thirds, fiom ls. to Is. 4d.; and 75 bales fourths from ld. to ls. 2d. per lb. The next sale will take place on the 28th of April.
THE CORAr TRADE. MARK-LANL, MoN;Ay ArFTERoov. JAN. 28. We had a good sapply of country flour last week, and a i heavy one of Alexandrian beans; the other arrivals were moderate, exports being limited to 524 sacks of flour. The English wheat amounted to 6,608 quarters, the foreign to 6,050 quarters, two-thirds being from New York. There was a better show from Essex and Kent this morning, but the damp weather of last week appears in the samples, though we now have it frosty; this circumstance, together vit the greater probability of peace, made sales exceedingly difficult, though last Mlonday's prices would have been taken, and the bulk reniained unsold at a late hour. Only a retail business obtained in foreign. Of country flour, there were 17,002 socks, of foreign 1,790 sacks, principally from Leghorn. Norfolks closed at Is. less money, the top price being 53s. Foreign well supported. Town quality unchanged. Barley consisted of 8,964 quarters, entirely English. There vas a fair sprinkling of samples this morning; business was somewhat improved at fully the previous rates. M1alt hung on hand, with the tendency downwards. Of oats we had 22,044 quarters, half of which were Irish, the remainder being 6,654 English, 1,902 Scotch, and only 2,323 foreign. Irish oats were 6d. to Is. per quarter lower, English were also 6d. cheaper, while prices of Scotch and foreign were rather in favour of buyers. Alexandrian beans, &c., were in quantity, viz., 6,634 quarlersAEnglish only7l9 quarters; peas (entirely of native growth), W30 quarters. White boilng peas were ls. to 2s. higher; other sorts and ,beans unaltered, Alexandrians aeing worth 3Gs. The linseed supply was 5,125 quarters from India. Pices have setted at a fall of 4s. to 5s. from the war quotations. Cakes rather cheaper. Some little business is doing in cloverseed at firm prices; a few lots of fine English have appeared, bringing SOs. to EGs. per ewt. Canaryseed dulL Hempseed and other kinds as last quoted. We continue wvithout demand for clover and other agricultural seeds; the inquiry increases, but buyers defer operations till acul requirements compel purchases; prices remain firm. A few samples of English red cloverseed have made their appearance; the quantities are small, the quality mostly fine, and they have obtained from 78s. to 8Gs. Account of torn arrived in London from January 21 to January 26. cusxtNTr RIUCES OF BRITISH GRAINi AYD FLOUR IN MA.RK-LANE. Shilings per quarter. Wheat-F-sex and Kent, white, old ...72 to 85 extra 87 to 20 Ditto,new ,60 - 78 - D)itto,.red. old .72 -76 81 -84 Ditto, new . 58 -73 --- Norfolk, Lincolnshire, and Yo~rkshie red,old * 75~~~~~-80 82 -84 Barley- imalting, new 35 - 78 Chevalier 6 - 41 Distilling * 34 - 36 Gririn; 33 -84 Malt- Essex, 1a,rfo]k,s;d Suffolk.. 74- 76 --82 oigston, Ware, and town-made. 5-8 -2 Rye * 50- 54 Potato .. ~~~~~~~~27 -32 Scotchifeed,nlew.. 28 -30 Ditto, od32 - 33 P.,~otato.::31 - 32 lri~h feed. white..23 -24 fine - -27 Ditto, black . 22- 24 - -26 Beans- aNIg. -3 36 -37 Ticks .. 3539 Pigeon .. ~~~~~~~~41 - 46 Peas- White boilers .. ~~~46 - 50 Maple .. ~~~~~~~~~~~~36,,39 Flor- ow-ae permsack of:280Th . . 35CZ- 70 Households, town .. CA - so ]Ditto, country ..: : 55 -37 Norfolk and Sufriflk, ex ship. .8.. . 2- 58 FORRIGON GRAINT. Shilings per cuairter. Wbeatm-Danltlr, mIned4 87 to 90 81gb maixed - 5 ext.- to 95 3(onigsberg.. 82-81 - --$ -90 P.eiduck, new. 80-84 dna --8 -92 Arnericsu. hite 8G6-58 red 2- -- 78 -81 Pomera.,Mreekb.,aUeen, 82- -7 sile78-82 .. 82 - 5 Dauinh & Hobstein 72 -7 - . 73 - 2 dea,St. ?eters- inrg.&M-ga ..73- 75 fine 77 - 8 Barley- Grinding. . .32 -84 flistilli- r ' Oats- Dutch, i;ew,`amI Polands 29 31S Ditto, feed ..s...2 27 Danish and Swedish feed 26a 28 Stralsund.2 -29 Beans- PrieslandI an7d Holstein. . . 40 -41 Peas- 1~~~~~4~L~8 .. ~~~R37 3i1 pine. er .. 47 - ,j Indian Corn-White. . . . . 41 Yellow. . . 41 -44 Flour- Spanish, per sack. . . . - 45- American, sour, perbasrel. . .3 - 39 Ditt% sweet, ditto.40 -42 BRITISH SEEDS. ad. s.d. Tares, vinter, per bushel.6 6t07 6 Coriander, percsst. O - 24 Carnway, per ewt., new.10 - - Canary. per qr. ..:: ::::60 - 63 Linseed, per cr., crushing.7 -S Cakes, per ton. 74 0554 10 Rtapeseed, per qr., new.88 -9 Cake, per ton £7 1048-
METWOPOZITAN CATTLE-MIARET, Jan. 28. The supplies of meat at this market to-day were unua,lly lhmi.j The restrictedl chameter of the trade on the last few ruarket days appears to lhave induced extreme caution on the part of grazier and they have in tLe present instance. therefore, forwvarded a diminished suipply. The consequence has been that not only has trade revived, but prices lhave improved. The supply of beef consised of about 3,000 head of beasts, an of 'which soltd at a rise of fuUy 2d. per stone. Inferior meat went at 4, and S'cots Pt 5s. per stone. Of mnutton the supply ias below 16000 bead of sheep, for all which there was an active sale, atan advanec of 2d. per stone. South Dov6rs razealie Is. For veas the demeand was very activc, and the finest young calves sold at 5s. 6d. Pork likew. ise sold remarlably well, choice young porkers makling ,s. perstiee. Comparative Statement of Prices, and Supply of Cattle at Market. Thi-.lav M.l-,v .- 9 IrC=
THE~ TE.A TR,ADE.-J`an. 28.-The deliveries in London, estimated for the week-, were 1,153,3b., being an increase of 110,4741b., compared with the previous week. LvEr.rooL CorrOT-a%rA ueRr, JA.N. 28.-There has been an animated demLand for cotton to-day, 2and the sales exceed 12,000 bales--5,0CW for export and speculation. P'rices tending upwards. Gl_scow, Jan. 26.-Cotton.-There has been a fair business done in cotton this week. In the early part of it p-ces stiffened a little, in consequence of expectations of imanodiate peace; latterly they have slackened a little, a-id clos,e about the same as last week.' In goods -andyan a pretty active businiess has been done at ful prices. on .-Tllersst week has been one of great inactivity in the pig iran-market, the extensive sliortcoming in last week's shiipments (4,7,20 tons against 10,487 tons last year) having discouragged speculators, except those already interested, from operating for an advance. The-next repor-t of exports roesn not proiiise to showv much improvement on the and with a very lim.ited demnand for local consumption, prices may be cpected to recede rather than otherwise. Tody mixednumbers'warrants, offered at76s. cash, and 75s. Gd. six weeks fixed, did not findl buyerss. Nso. 1 g.m.ii. shipping ironi, 77s, No. 3, 74s. Gd. ; No. 1 Gartshemre,q78s; G d. PBLIC LNcoiaE AeND EXPENDITUBE.-An accoint, ordered to- be printed last August, but n6t published tilI erda3y gves the income andexpenditure of the united em rthree years-, ended the 31st of March, 1855. -ngdte yeareded the 5th of January, 1853. the income was 57,755,5711., and the expenditure ~55229,3671. In tho year ,nded the 5th of January, 1854. the income was .58,962,5121., a-d the expenditure 55,769,252!. Thuis -far there was an xcess of income over expenditure; but in the yearended he 31st ofWarcll, 1&55, the former amouited to 64,09.1,5711,, Lnd the latter to 79,2M,8l71., leaving a deflciincy of X, .v-2P! - -
RAILWAY .4ND MINING SAE& : :~~~ -- -~ ~ ~! ondayEvesling. - The railway-market was further favourably in-; fiu6nced tc-day by purchases, and quotations were well -maintained to the close of business. In the shares of the Aushtalian land and banking companiei there were increased transactions, but the highest prices were not altogether supported. Operations took place in Canada Land shares at 134, 135, and 133, and the final quotation'wvas 131 to 136. 3Mining securities were in some cases rather iriner, but the bargains generally were unimportant. ORDINARY SHARS AND STOCKS.
HOP-MARKET, Jan. 28. We continue to experience a steady demand for choice and finehops, indeed, for all coloury samples, whether of golding or grapy character; but for the browiner and lower class of hops the inquiry has greatly subsided, and to effect sales of such decidedly reduced prices much be submitted to.
BANK OF ;fEW SOUTE IYALES. [Advertisement.J Thre followin report of the Board of Directors of the Bank of New South Iatee wars presented at the half-yeasry general meeting of the proprietors held on the 24th day of October, 5IE5,. at the banklig- "WVehave now the pleasure to lay before you thebalance-sheet of the Bank for the half-yeas ending Sep tember 30: The net profts, after providing for bad and doubt- £. e. d. ful debts. sa-rug all expenses, and deducting ;120,79 16a. i1. for rebate on current bills, amount to 61,=S 6 10 To which is to be added the undivided balarce of last half-year 6,059 9 1 - 31alingatotal of .67,. 15 11 'Which we now propose to appropriate as follows:- To the payment of dividend at 'he rate of £20 per £. a d. cent perannum .50,000 0 0 In increase of reserve fund . .909 2 6 Leaving for equalization of future dividends .. 8,282 13 5 "Tbie Teser-e fund will nowv amount to £13000. 9 7,341 1S U It .-ill be your duty to elect a director in room of Robert Towns. Esq., and an auditor in the room of George Thome, Esq., who both retire by rotation. 'The dividend vill be payable at the head-oiltce on and after tomorrow, and at the branclies immediately on receipt of advice. On bebalf of the Board of Directorms __ " (Signed) DM'UEL COOPI;R, for the President." . WVoosbosse. the seeretory. hav ing read the report, it was umminmomtly a-dopted, MIr. A7ex-ander Stuart was ctected director, and Mr. James; \blaem elected aluditor. A vote of thanks was given to Captain Towrs on his retirement by rotation from the Ban7;, and to the dnxetora generaly for their ser-ices. AOOInIEkTE BE,AJ.esMnsur Or TnEi BEANn OF NwV SOUwir -a WVAnEs, SEPT. 30, 1SS. Tobank,stock. 500,000 0 0 To notes in circulation .629,683 0 0 To deosits and ther liabilities ..,07,945 U 11 To ol bank circulation .3,695 0 0 To London branch .. .1,1497 12 5 To reserve fund ...940 17 6 To prolitaud los .003211.2 4 4,418,033 1; 2 By coll s. 79224 17 11 By bulion. 161,190 9 10 By Covemment secaritics . .13087 10 3 Bynotes of othcr baus . . 19,683 0 0 By bank premises 495S45 7 10 By bils ,hseointedamTsd other debts due to the bank 2,0 040 5 10 By London branch. 1,290461 17 6 ByInsurance accout . .330 0 0 By suspense note account. 1,250 e 0 4,418,0S3 14 2 PsoisT AItD Loss. Dn. X. ad. To rebate on bils .12,979 16 8 To dividend for half-year at the rate of 20 per cent. per anmum. .. .. .. 50,000 0 0 To rescive fund . .. . 9.059 2 6 To camried forward to equalize future divilends 8 282 13 5 SO,=2 12 4 By Cr.. . £. s.d.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~4 S.d Byamount from last account, April 1 6,059 9 I By profit of half-year ending this day.. 74,261 3 3 S0,321.2. -1 DL *. ad. To balance .00,000 0 0 Ci. . ad. Byba ance, Iarchl,1855 ... 90,C00 0 0' By prenriumon sale of unappropriated sbares (JninelSJ . Sf18J 0 0 Ey recovery from bad debte tJaly 24) 563 17 6 By amounstfrom ;ro5t end loss 9059 2 6 :O . 100,000 0 0 (Signed) - G7O. TEfOINR=X 1Auditors. FRtANCIS MII-CUEIL, Audited OCt.ID, 1.5
I BEFORMATORY SCHOOLS IN SCOTLAND. Jnd2IStri schooIs -of i&aiWctferrhiimhli to those in Aberdeen, which we described a few days since, were soon ifter established in Edinburgh, Glasgow, Dundee, Perth, and other large towns in Scotland. The beneficial results attending the working of these institntions soon excited a general interest in their favour. The experiment, so far as it had been tried during the first five years' history of the Aberdeen schools, vwas consdered suceessful, bt. .fterwards the same kind of difficuities in dealing wvith iagrant children who had no homes where they could be safely lodged were felt as at Aberdeen. To meet these, dormitolies were provided in most of the schools in the south and west of Scotland, and thus far there was improvement. But still the system was defective. In every town, with the exception of Aberdeen, childrenweretobefoundbegglng or selling smna31 wares, sometimes with a view that they might gain such insight into the halls and apartments of pnrvate families aS would enable expert thieves to plunder them when they mnight have any chance of escape. In none of the towns in the south of Scotland did the provisions of the Police Act authorize the police authorities to apprehend vagrant children, and hence the industrial schools only laid hold of the destitute youth who had not yet appeared very promminetly on the face of society. To remedy this defect conferences of the managers of industrial schools were held, when the whole subject of juvenile reformatories came to be discussed. 'The practical result was .an act of Parliamont ' to render reformatory and industrial schools in Scotland more available for the benefit of vagrant children," rendering it -, competent for a magistrate to order any vagrant boy or girl under l4 years of age to be received into any reformatory or industrial school, or other shimlar institution, whether established by a parochial hoard or by an association of individuals," there to be detained "for such period of time as may appear necessary for his or her education and trainig." It is provided also that wvhere the parents cannot afford to pay for the board and education of their vagrant children the parochial boards of the parish where they happen to be domieiled shall support them, the Privy Council's Committee of Education having power to grant aid towards the erection of suitable buildings and the annual expense of such institutions. This act, which was introduced and mainly carried through the House of Commons by M1r. Dunlop, the member for Greenock, has been in force in Aberdeen for six months, and 20 children are now receiving training under it. The sentence binds the managers to keep them unti they are 15 years of age, but not longer, unless with the consent of the youths or their parents or guardians; but no provision is madefor the future disposal of the children thus trained. It is presumed that the managers of industrial schools, acting, as they do, from benevolent motives, will see to the wvelfare of the youths by finding places for them where they may become mechanics or domestic servants without being exposed to the contamination of vicious homes at night. Under the act parochial boards may claim children apprehended and carried before a magistrate, and, on granting sufficieut security for their future good conduct, receive them into their poorhouses, or board them out with private fanilies, and this has to some extent in Edinburgh already been done. But, the spirit of the act being evidently in favour of giving the custodytof suchhchildrento the managers of industnal schools, it is to be hoped that parochial oar not insist on their legal rights, seeing tiat the children can be as cheaply anud qute as efficiently fed, clothed, and educated in these schools as in the schools of the poorhonses, and without the disadvantage of the pauper stigma, which insmevcases is not much to be preferredtothe prison brand, In Aberdeen the parochial hoards have very liberally co operated with the mansagers of the industrial schools, and thus the act is getting a fair trinaL A pecuinar feature in this act is the pbyuisaion granted to themanagers of idustrial schools, certified hy the Lord Advocate for Scotland, to give he chQidren food and educaton through the day and ledge theeii out at night. In Aberdeen the girls are lodged out in decentt poor ftamilies at eo and Jd. a-week, but thC boys have dormitories in the school buildings. Hitherto ther has beeln no difficulty in managing the girls, but several of the boys have deserted. The domestic eleoenthas a powerful inlruence on the yount mind, and w;here it can bceusedtle manzagers of these schools are ready to avail themselves of it. In somle instances children sentenced under the act hae bpeen given back to their parents at noight, hut it seldom happens that their parcuts are of a character that would warranlt this being done. By the Reformatory Act for England, aLso passed last session of Ptarliament, it is provided thata magistrate may dlirect any juveiiieoffenderlmderlflyears o,f ageto be sent at the expiration of his period of imprisonment (if not less than 14 days) to any reformatory school established, and sanctioned by Government, for a period of not less than twvo years, and not exceeding five years;* but thec author of the Scottish Reformatory Act appears to have contempLated the prison as the very last resort, for by this act it is provided that in ease of desertion only imprisonmenlt is to be the punishment, and that not until a whippiing has been tried for a first offence, the magistrate having power to order the deserter back to tIe schooL Most of the industrial schools in Scotland have been certified by the Lord Advocate as suitable for receiving yoing delinquents under this act; but a fewv years must elapse before the real value of its character can come to be known.
PnovisiowA B=Anxaox;s AT Mnaxt-The following description of the state of affatirs at Yalta, from a trustworthy correspondent, merits the attention of the Field Marshal Commanding-in-Chief :-"In the month of February, 1855, lar_me draughts of troops wvere poured into Malta, with very short notice to the authorities and without a sitaffof anykind. Tne f ; ; + correspond with those in the field, the senior officer of each assumed the command for the time being; and such subalterns as he might suppose capable were selected to discharge the duties of adjutant and quartermaster-at that time, and even nosv, very arduous and important. On wvhat principle the sclection wvas made it is diflicult to imagine, as most of those appointed were in utter ignorance of their duty, and seemed to think they had done all that was required when they hired or purchased a horse and commenced a series of equestrian excursions through the island. Knowing that their appointments were only temporary, they paid little attention to the instruction or discipline of a large body of recruits, composed of nine or 10 draughts from different corps competely ignorant of their duty, the non-commissioned officers eing all ybung and inexperienced, and their superiors, again, vith a fewv exceptions, partaking largely of the deficiencies of both. As for paymasters, they were considered altogether superfluous; and it was not until latein May that some of them were sent out, finding, on their arival, the accounts of their respective battalions in such a state as almost to defy adjustment, and without any provision -whatever in the way of clerks. The prevailing opinion at home, I imagine, is, that an available reserve of seasoned men, well acquainted with their duties, was to be kept up here to recriut from time to timne the ranks of their respective re,,iments, and that such, being somewhat acclimatized, would be the Ies liable to disease. How far this has been the case the hospital returns would show. In the summerthe men were kept here for a few weeks (sometimes only days), during which time they indulged in every possible dissipation and vice, gorged themselves with bad fruit, sour wine, and execrable bpirits, and then embarked for the Crimea, tenfold more susceptible of disease than when they arrived here. So much for the expected good results, not to speak of the great increase of expense. Some vessels have come out here from England with 600 or 800 men, which have afterwards proceeded to Balaldava, with 200 or 300, whereas they might have taken on the entire number in the first instance to their final destination. To command these battalions, every day shows tllat men of first-rate ability and energy, and who woluld be allowed to continue stationary, are required. Instead of tthis, until within a very short period, each officer in command was liable to be superseded by the first senior to hin who migiht arrive from tile corresponding division in the field, and the natural consequence was that apathy and indifference which often accompany temnporary comn7tnd, ind an entire want of system. How far the change lately made in this particular will be beneficial remains to be proved, but it does appear to a looker-on that some of the lately appointed commandants are somewhat antediluivian, and ndulge a good deal in the doeefe 7tifar itC. Witl respect to the staff, nothing can be worse. The adjutants are young subalternssentfromthe front, where, having anent some months, the greater portion of which was probably in the trenches, they are presumed to be enable of actin as adjutants to battalions varying from S00 to 1,600 in strength. They soon get tired of the busiess, find the work far beyond thean,l and, having had their fill of alta and its toufooleries, resign their appointments just as they are begiuning to aequire some trifling knowledge of their duty. As regards the non-commnissioned staff matters are no better. Any colour-sergeant seems to be censidered quite good enough for a sergeant-major or a quartermaster-sergeant. There are no pay-sergeants of any experience, the officers in charge of depots at home keeping all they can, and the head-quarters of the regiment taking the remainder. The mayls riinano g in these sources are numerous, as you may when I assure you, on undeniable authorit tbetween the months of ay and November, 1855, one of these battalions has had four conmmanding officers, five adjutants, four sergeant-maiors, and two quartermasters. The only parties who appear to be pemianent are paymasters, and they, lucky fellows, have each the Iuxury and honorti of keeping the accounts of some 36 companies (being equal in inmber to six regiments on foreign service proviously to tie w-ar, and, in fact, to 10 regiments, owing to the ignorance of officers and their pay sergeants), without one son of extra remuneration, but with a want of assistance in the way of clerks which renders their position one of constant toil and anxiety. From estimates lately made ouit, I think I am safe in noting the staff and contingent expenses of each of those battalions at 4,0001. per aunnui, exclusive of two brigadiers, who find it so difficult to define their sition or occupation that one candidly admits he is not hing more than a 'letter-box.' They have literallyno employment whatever; and, as anrfishmais would ray, each has a brigade-major and an aide-de-camp to assist hisn. In fact, the staff pay list of Malta is enough to raise the ghost of Joe Hume. There are no less than six young captains belonging to corps now in the field, who are idling here on the staff; and I cannot but think they would appear to greater advantage if present with their regiments, attendinto the interests and vellbeing of-their-men. Soill-managea is everything connected with fmance in these battalions, that in many instances the daily aUowance of ls. 6d. to the senior officer of each depot, with the contingent allowance of 2s. for each of the four companies consposing it, amoumt3 to more than the entire subsistence issued to the men, not to spek of l0d. per diem to an orderly-room clerk for each dlepot, whose chief occupation seems to be an equivalent to that of the brigadier."-United Scrrice Gra. TEE Sxexsroron COCouTsEL.-Yesterday am peared a blue-book of 230 pages, containing an indes to the reports, from the -Select Committee on the Anny before Sebastopol. A glance at the various headings gives melancholt evidenceof the neglect and incompetence which characterizedthe administration of ouraffairsin the Crimea during the winter of 1854-55. i The words " delav," " deficiency," " want of" (something or other),.5'unaceosntableneglect,".ad such like indices of censurable conduct occur in almost every page, -
!FZH ADULT ORPHAF INSTITUTON. At a time wien public enevoleneIS so roTgly na. fested on behalf of the famiiesi of those in the Militar og naval service of this country, it is only right to direct atteni tion to the claims of an institution which, owig toa vadey - of circumstances, has attraed less notice and sortth63 it deserver. Nextto the Coloseamands a finelarge boiw enclosed within its own grounds, which vas founded meore than 30years ago, for the relief and education as governemeS of the orphan daughters of officers in the army and navy and of clergymen. It owes its origin to the exertions of Mz. Sophia Williams, who, besides beng &liberal subscriber, obi tained the site in Regent's Park, for iwhich a ground rent of lOOt a-year is paid. The object of the institution, as described by the foundress, was " not to educate children, but to finish the education of young women, and to forwari them in their way through life ' In that object it has beert very successful, having for a number of years supplied ace complished-governesses to many of the highest families in the land. NTo difficulty is experienoedin providing thebea class of situations for the young ladies as their educationii completed and a convincing proof of the efficienec with which the institution is managed is to be found in the fact that in after life, when comfortIab provided for, they have so frequently become subscrbers to its funds. There is accommodation for 36 " wards, whho arereceivedbetweentheagesof 14 and20, and who ech pay a small stipend of 13g. 6s. towards the expenses of theie maintenance. This sum is usually derived from the Comn passionate Fund or from contributions from the corporation. of the Sons of the Clergy, eked out by the assistance ol friends. Of course, the income derived from such a sourc is totaly inadequate to meet the expenses of an institutioS which is conducted on a proper scale of liberality, especially inthe important matter of education. The receipts from: benevolent subscribers appear of late years not to have been enough to make up the deficiency, and it has therefore been found necessary to draw heavily upon the vested capitaj; No pecuniary aid appears to have been derived either from the Patriotic Fund, collected during the last war ; or from the Wellington Testimonal Fund, upon which an educational institntion of this kind would appear to have some claims; or from the new Patriotio Fund, which has accumulated so gigantic a sum front the benevolence of the public. This seems very hard usagev for the destitute daughters of our officers, who would certainly appear entitled to even more consideration thau theisons, who are, of course, much better able lo make their own. way in the world. What renders the hardship greater is% that excusable motives of delicacy prevent the managers of the institution from advertising its title to benevolent support so extensively as is the custom with the general ran of charities. The limited number of girls it can accommodate, and the necessity there is for receiving only such as are quali fied by their natural abilities to become first-class governesses, is also against it in the run for public patronage. In a coun. try like ours, where the " Upper Ten Thousand " are so wealthy and powerful, it is scarcely creditable that the only institution which makes a specal provision for educating as governesses the orphan daughters of officers in the army and navy should be obliged to draw for its. maintenance upon its own small vested capitaL That it; does its work well may be safely concluded from the fact that the lady to whom the Queen has intrusted the educacation of the Princess Royal -as trained -ithin!its walls; and that the casualties of the present war are presenting most suitable objects for its care we can gather from knowing that the daughter of the lamented Colonel Shadforth, has recently become au inmate.
THE CHURCH DISCIPITE ACT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TMIES. Sir,-I venture to express a hope that you will from time to time follow up your to-day's remarks, and not leave the, subject until a properly constituted and comparatively in. expensive tribnnal shall be erected for the trial of offences. against the laws ecclesiastical, and until those laws havebeen wisely revised and codified. It is obvious that your strictures upon the existing state' of things would have been equally pertinent if the charge' had been one of immorality-that vretched case at Pett, for instance, to which Archdeacon Allen refers in yaocolumns of to-day-instead of one of questionable doctrine, As things are, a whole neighbourhood mnaybe scandalized: by the profligacy of a clergyman, and-yet, if the obiter dictuv of Lord Campbell on Thursday be correct, the bishop of the' diocess is at liberty to refuse to issaeacoramission to inquire whether tnere exist & priori grounds for any proceedings atall. The promoter of the suit, actuated by the most honesb. zeal for the purity of the church, may have incurred anenormous expense in collecting evidence; and the diocesan, contemplating the possible loss of a month's leisure anc10,000L in hard cash, may yet refuse to allow proceedingsto be tal-en; and meanwhile, it should be remembere4 t3c Chnol. ficcipline Act enacts that no proceedings forviolation of ecclesiastical laws shall be instituted, except. under its provisions. A recent case, in which the Bishop of Winchesterthought it his duty to proceed against a clerk in orders, cost hislord4hip more than 5,000l. Of a trath, Archdeacon Allen's proposition is not rnistimed; but why should not he and his brother A rchdeacons; petition ?arliament directly without the intervention ot Convocation s I have the honour to be Tour obedient servant. A BARISTBR. Jan. 26.
THE BOARD OF TRADE AND BOARD OP CUSTOMS. TO THS EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-By an act of convention concluded 1854-55 betweenm Her Majesty and the King of the Belgians on the subject of internati'nal copyright it was agreed that books published in Belgium, and legally imported into Great Britain, should be subject to a rate of duty of 15s. per cst. Under this convention, in the early part of December, we imnported a quantity of educational books from Belgium,. .and ulpon their arrival the Customs levied a double rate of' dnty, without heinz able to give any reason for so doi As the books w ould have been impounded if the duty denanded had not been paid, w e paid it under protest, and. petitioned the Board of' Customs to refnmd the overchargfe The Board of Customus referred us5 to the Board of Trade and we accordingqly addressed a letter to that Board on the15th of December, and, after a lapse of six weeks, wc havereceived the following reply - "Office of Committee of Privy Council for Trade, Whitehall, Jan. 23. "Gentlemen,-With reference to your letters of the 12th. inst. and of the 15th ult., respecting the duties charged by the officers of Customs on certain bools imported from. Belgiuim, I am directed by the Lords of the Comunittee of' Privy Council for Trade to state to you that their Lordships are in commuunication w;ith the Lords Commissioners. of Her Mgajesty's Treasury and the Commiscsioners of Cuistoms upon the subject, and that wfhen a decision has l1eect arrived at upon it information of that decision will be givem toar yo. entlemen. your obediepn een-m.& "- .'J. EMERSOQ TrNXET. * -- .uessrs iunman ana ,on, sz, olfDorn-fldL' The overcharge bv the Customs -was an opprcssive an&. illegal act, and n earlj two months have now elapsed withcut our obtaining a wford of explanation I In the nicantline, our importations from Belgium havmbeen suspendcd, to our serious inconvenience and loss;^ and. we trust that we shall ot a ppeal in vain to the powerful. ifuence of your pen for reu{ress V eeare. Sir. vonrohoipn+ -vr,,,f< AT.T.1MT A&x Ar-n qnkT 42 Holbom-bfil, Jan. 26.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TLWE&S Sir -In the acconnt of the proceedings of the 3etropolitan board of Works yesterday there is a slght inaccuracyin the version of my statement with regard to mny conne,don with the Tame Valley CanaL What I stated was, in effect, that at the age of 231I had been sent down by- Iessms- Walker and BErges, the engineers in chief, to takprcliarge of that work, under Afr. Horn, who was t-he prin.-7 c al resident engineer. IYour eorrection of this will oblige, Your obedient servant. .T 'V R.. I 71T.% . 1, Greek-street, Solio, Jan. 26.
A NIGHT Smn- iN AsxxLmcAICi CoNGRGEsS.- A night session in the House of Representatives is an occa. sion pecnliar to itself. I know of nothing else like it anywhere. The great hail, as you know, is lighted by an immense chandelier, whose hundreds of jets of flame and as numerous crysal pendants look down this morning upon a scene of mingled confusion and excitement diificult to de. scribe. Even at this late (or early) hour nedrly 200 members are present. I cannot say they are " in their seats," as the phrase goes. Some are at their deslks Here and there may be seen a sleepy member, who nods lazily between the votes, but is sure of a nudge from some of the more wakeful whenever his mame is called. Some recline anon the sofas in the lobbies, mapping it until wanted for w-ork. Half-adozen (not one who votes for Mfr. Banks, I am happy to say) have been indulging freely in strong waters, and nowforim the centres of knots of thoughtless fellow-members, vwho lanh tat the erraticaly quaint conceits of their half-crazec brains, 'and, at intervals of every few.nminutes, " egg theim. en" to speech-making before the House, thatthey may make merry over the scene of degradation. Half the members are on their feet, counselling in little knots, or crowding to the vacant space in front of the clerk's desk, as a sort of neutral grounad for rore general conference. And now some drunken member of Congress refuses to take his seat wher. the clerk rules him out of order; half-a-dozen questions of order are sprung at once; as many different gentlemen are speakinigatthesame time-and everyhereand there3may be seen another addressing an earnest little side speech to the host of listeners by whom he is immediately surroundeL The clerk, with a "modesty" which looks very like inefficiency, quite fails to preserve the semblance of orderand yet nearly every man is in go temer, nnd peals of merry laughter ring out from all over tae hall at brief in. tervals. thave witnessed manyaiTniht session here during the lastflO years, however, but none equ311ing this in goo4 temper, or which did not exhibit mach wore of inebrti gz ~-Ay 2- Y-r ,T.m. :.
ENGLISAVOMEN LN AMMEICA.* If our American friends sometimes object to our eommentb, they cannot complain that we are indifferent to their proceedings. Already before the first month of the year is out two of our countrywomen have reported upon their doings in the most attractive forms of paper and type, and -with a71-the pretensions to pular authorship. Two Englishwomen-who, by th way, are Scotchwomen -have been surveying their scenery, their manners, and institutions, and have justly inferred, notwithstanding our absorption in the war or the peace, as the event may prove, that the English public would 'be naturally inclined to hear the last impressions of their American brethren in a less fugitive shape than the echoes of their journals. It is worth ob servation by Brother Jonathan that these ladies have speculated simultaneously and confidently on a sustained interest in his notions on the part of the inglish public. One of these ladiei, though permitting herself no improper license, has modestly withheld her name. Shc Enqlishtronan in America, who, by the way, Is not the same person as The £nlishicoynau i7b .Rztsia, relies simply on the attractivenees of the word "America" on her titlepage. The other lady is " Mte Hon. Amdeli M. fusn-ay," who is iUu2ninated, either on her own account or that of her publishers, with the motto, " Per aspcra ad ardu'a tendo." The performances of the two ladies are very dissimilar in almoost every otherrespect, but, as there are jiust one or two incidents in which they concur, £we will first note their agreements before we pass on to> their differences. They have neither of them apparently seen much ef the north-western states, and this will account for a difference between them and Mr. Oliphant (whom -we had recently occasion to review) on the subject of the present feeling of the people of the United States towards the English. Miss Alurray, n no passage whEich is easily notable, implies that this feeling is ap reciative, and in the main cordiaL. 'The anonymon i nglishwtoman, like a true Englishvwoman, a]so intimates that she expected to fincl a strong anti-English feeling, and that in traveling through the States she was agreeably disappointed. She rarely heard " any other than kindly feelings expressed towards oiur country. A few individuals -would prognosticate failure and disaster, and glory In the anticipation of a 'busting up;' but these were generally ' kurnels' of miEitia, or newly-arrived Irish emigrants." Some of the papers did, indeed, write against England in terms of which ve have ourselves exposed the discreditable inconsistency. But she has heard " Success to Old England" proposed at hotel dinners, and a student asking to join in the toast on behalf of 200 of his fellows vho were present. She has observed with pride the reception of the news of Alma, Balaklava, and Ink-ermann, and hailed the sympathetic echoes of the guns of Boston at the fall of Sebastopol. She acknowledges warmly these evidences of a comuon origin and common interest in the safeguards progress, yet not more cordially than we ackinowledge them at this moment. On another subject on wshich our American friends are most sensitive these ladies lean, though in a differenit spirit, towards a partial concurrence. The Englishwvoman condemns slavery in principle, but adnits the difficulty of dealin- with it as a fact. She has heard even abolitionists condemn the tendency of exciting pleas for its immediate removal, and acknowledge, for example, that "Unlde Tonms Cabin had thrown thecause back for manyyears." Theslaves are generaly uprepared for freedom, so much so that "whole bodies of emancipated slaves, after a few days' exp\erience of their new condition, have entreated for a return to servitude." The other lady, -who saw more of the southern States, has signalized herself by her eulogy of slavery as an institution. Whatever its advocates have proffered she adopts uncompromisingly. She does not appear to have been a reluctant convert, or even a convert at all, as, even at Boston, at the commencement of her book, she sympathizes chiefly with the vilified slaveholders. Bunt she developes her predilections for a slave populationawithremarkable celerityand emphasis as she goes south. She remarks the resembLance of the negro to the monkey, maintains that "ncle Tom is a myth, but Topsy a reality ;" that slaves are a privile'ed class; that they are proud of their privileges, and despise "the d-d Dngggers wliut! master ;" that, on the other hand, the masters who emancipate only escape from the responsibilities of poor law guardians, parents, and patriarchal governors; and that slavery, in fine, is a productive instrument designed by Providence, without consulting Mr. Clarkson or Lord Carlisle. As our readers will infer, the lady who professes these opinions colects naD the truth and falsehood of a most complicated issue, and heaps them into the scale against the '"pumpkin-eating C(ufly." We are not going to dispute, or even to discuss her conclusions, which wre not altogether unreasonable, but we simply remark her extreme vehemence in stating them. With this modified concurrence on the subject of slavery aUl resemblance between the lady travellers ceases. The "Englishwoman" appears to have been genial and " well conditioned," and to have made an excellent use of her opportunities. Her introductions evidently carried her into the better class societv of the American cities, and she remarked the habits of other ranks and classes whereever she traveled. Either she was well informed on American topics before she went abroad, or she mnanifestedalaudable industry and judgment in collecting materials to illustrate her observations. So far does this characteristic prevail that her volume, though light reading, has here and there the aspect of a manual. It abounds with statistics in a con4densed form, and is adapted to convey much useful information. At the same time its chief value is its testimony of an eyewitness to American peculiarities; as, for instance, to the lu.xury and splendour of interiors in the " Empire City." As the authoress remarks, it is not the custom for Americans to leave large fortunes to their children, and hence zt lavishness of expense on their personal meUMes and personal adornment which distances Europe. Fior her owtn part, the authoress objects to see costly Ssilks and rich brocades swveeping the Broadwvay; ibut " it is very certain that more beautiful toi7ettes are to be seen in this celebrated thoroug~hfare int one -afternoon than in Hyde Park in a week." She even grows eloquent on their incidents of colour and material, and on the grace and fascination of their wearers, especially the younger ladies of New York. M jeweLry she finds such an article as a 5,000,guinea diamond bracelet exposed for sale in a shop, but that is expected to go South. The Northern ladies sttdy variety of ornament rather than costliness or profusion. The evening toilettes of the young are richer than those in England, but, they dpt style and colour with unquestionable taste. For their apartments the authoress has seen suites in the Fifth Avenue and some of the squares of New York " surpassing anything she had hitherto witnessed in Royal or ducal palaces at home." One or two of these mansions are described, and they appear to be treasuries of some of the choicest works of art and of splendours barely conceivable. We 3tear of tables worth 2,000 guineas, of flowers, fountains and statues, of orange and palm trees in city conservatories, and of luxurious and fanciful imitations of fairyland. The authoress is notan extravagant person, but evidently recounts truthfully what she has carefully observed. "Such man~sons as these," she says, "werer rather at variance with my ideas of Republican simplicity; they conained apartments which would have throwan into the shade the finest rooms in Windsor Castle or Buckmgham Palace." rn another respet, also, the chief cities of the States are beginning to vie with the old centres of European opulence. By the side of their wealth and refinement there are dark patches of destitution and degradation normally localized. New York has a district called the Five Points, fertile in crime, lever, and misery, "Iwhich world scarcely yield the' palm for vice and squalor to St. Gilesas m London, or the Saltmarket iu Glasgow." Already the Large cities of the New World are approximating to the condition of those in the Old in producing a subsidence or deposit of the drunlcen, the dissolute, the vicious, and the wretched. To schools which are, in fact, "ragged schools" it is necessary to induce the ch9Idren to attend by mnaterial inducements in the shape of food or clothing. Eapp~ily, evils lie Lhee excite similar manifestations of sympathy to .hoes of our own country. Ladies of station and education are the principal instructors in these schools of the destitute, and the widening gulf v TAc E IZ1fhroman is America. London: l:ry, rettErs from tAh lnia EStaMte, Cuo, and oan: J. D thie Hon. Amclia M. Murru. 2 vols. 1ondon aJ.W. itfkertandson, 1SM, b:etween these extremes is dimniished by their active benevolence. e b From stateu;entsElike these we fairly infer that the ' opposite shores of the Atlantic are drawing nearer daily. "' The be.t society in New York," says the " Englishwoman," " would not suffer by comparison in any way with the best society in Enigland." Probably its opinions as nearly accord with the wellinfonned among our countrymen. But it is certain that aS yet they exercise less reasonable influence upon the masses beneath them, and that public life especially is deplorably degraded by the coutnterinfluences of corruption and lawlessness. Of the latter feature the authoress was witness to a remarkable illustration. While she was at New York, in 1854, there were election riots, in consequence of a I struggle between the Know-nothings and the Irish Romanists. Very little notice was taken of these occurrences by the English journalsts, or even, it appears, by the authoress's American friends; yet "for three days a dropping fire of musketry was continuaUy to be heard in New York and Wiliamsburg. It was stated that the hospitals received 170 wounded men, and that many more were carried off by their friends." She herself saw two dead bodies, and in one street or alley both the side walk-s and the roadway were slippery vith blood ; it was five days, moreover, before quiet was restored. This was, of course, an unusual occurrence, but the authoress elsewhere gives various other glimpses of the ordinary insecurity of life and property in the United States. She illusates, further, the want of a proper standard of morality in private transactions, and paints the coarseness of manners with which we are so familiar in former descriptions. But, on the other hand, she fairly bears her testimony to the numerous and unexpected acts of kindness she received wherever she wandered. Gentlemen give up their quarters at hotels to her. On one occasion she saw a New Englander, to obligge a young girl who was anxious to reach St. John's, get out of the stage, with the obligation of remaining at a little roadside inn one whole day and two nights. Nor was this genuine politeness and consideration confined to one rank or class. The helping hand or arm was offered by all. 'While she is trying to roll up her cloak to make a pillow in the railway carriage a working mechanic accosts her thus-" Straunger, I guess you're almost used up ? MIaybe, you'd be more comfortable if you could rest yoiur head ;" and this man with his companion gave up their seats, rolled a coat round the arm of the chair, which made a comfortable sofa, and stood for an hour and a half to give our authoress the use of it, without appearing to think that they were performing an act of kindness. AR the aulthoress justly observes, their rugged exteriors and uncouth vernacular render theYankees liable to bemisumderstood, but a general tendency of this kind admits but of one interpretation. We don't know whether the "Englishwoman" was peclliarly agreeable, but her experiences appear to have been more pleasing than those of the other lady. People were frequently rude to the latter; they asked her impertinent questions; they interrupted her while sketehing, &c. ; and she is severe to the extent of her ability on their " curious" inattention to the common rules of politeness. And yet she, too, received such kindness and hospitality as made her " sometimes fear she might be inclined to overvalue herself, and that before her return to EngLand she might be puffed up by conceit and vanity"-a fear which, we are sorry to say, we believe to have been signally justified by the injudicious publication of her narrative. As to its form, we take exception at once to the crude reproduction of the jottings of a diary. "Saw A- ; heard from B-; packed off box of plants to G -; went to P-; wrote to ; had tea and mnffins with X.Y. Z." Of what earthly interest are such particulars to uls? Speaking for the public, we may fairly say that those who venture to ask its attention. whether they have much or little to offer it, have no right to make weight of such petty personal details, which are only of interest to themselves and their circle. This impertinence has become so frequent of late that it is high time to male an example, especially of the female sex, who are the most frequent and hardened offenders. Analyze this propensity, and it will be found materially to differ from that other evil habit of inconsiderately revealing the private life of our 1f;- -_ -X7tu"lol - Z Le- lr7 case, though annoyance may be caused by our garruIousness, the obtrusion of private matters, if they are not ourown, may atleastbefree fromoverweening conceit. But to state our dealingswith A.B,C. aud the rest of the alphabet, being ourselves the only person whomthe reader identifies, argues an undue sense of ofur self-importance, which Is not the best breeding. The writer who prints such memoranda from her diary might just as well give us the items from her washing-book, for they are of equal interest, and, for their interest, equally dependent upon her own person only. An undue sense of the importance of these personal particulars pursues the authoress even into the regions of science. We all know that Sir Roderick Murchison's S9ilria is a valuable work, but it is not of extreme urgency to learn that the authoress took to it freely on recovering from her sea sickness. We know also that botany is an interesting shtdy, but we are heedless of specimens which are new to the authoress, if others, better informed, are already acquainted with them. What does it matter, on hearing of one plant, that it is a variety not contained in her own hltrtas siocics; of another, that " it is the palm which has given her so much trouble ;" and that " at lat" she "has made up her mind it is no cocoa?" What, again, that sisvirinclduim anceps is an old acquaintance, or that certain primulas and lycopodim.(' "are qiuite new to me ?" Vhen we hear of the Royal palm, provided it is duly registered in some work uponbotany, we are not particularly grateful for being allowed to participate in MIiss Murray's doubts and sulspicions as to its designation. WVe are indifferent whether she finds out its name at last, or whether she goes to her mausoleum swith this difficulty unresolved. We are gratified, but that is for a different reason, when we hear of fruits at Cuba "the names of which she has still to learn," and we inwardly thank the gods that when she reached that verdant island " she found no one there who could give her botanical information." The effect of making her botany such a personal attribute is in another respect singular, and worth observation. We are apt to confuse her human and floral specimens when they are reduced to the level of mere personal acquaintance; of which sort, for instance, is a novelty " resembling a drjandria, only I never heard of one of that family except as Australians." "Psoralea Oiw)ychles" is, no doubt, an American bloomer, but of what genus-antheal or 'anthropical9? " Osrnuind spedabilis," and "Letwocaxprs (ionyoided' may possibly illustrate the predilection of American godfathers for names classical and enphonous. " Phloc Drzimnzoadi " found on an Indian mound may, for all we know, be a branch of Druminond's bank. Dr. Gray has the " Deuzia scabra ;" if it is anything cutaneous why doesn't he try vapour baths? A "yellow utriclania" is found on the banks of the lake, and we feel solicitous lest the authoress should have put her foot in it. Ve are puzzled by her terminology, and her eagerness to make a display of her principal accomplishment. With theexceptionoflbotany, MissMurraydoes not appear to have been particularly anxious to acquire information. She admits that, till her introduction to the Governor of New York, she didn't know that each State had a governior. Slie dined with Mr. and Mrm Bancroft "at their house inm22d-street,'; but she has only to remark th'at she is '" rather plagued by having numeral- streets, ir addition: to, the customary numbering of doors; and 8th-streetwest and 28th-street-east (No. 8,.perhaps) make a terrible hubbub in her memory." She visits loex- ington without remarking its historical interest, and meets remarkable men withotit attempting to. descnbe them. Nevertheleag, she does nbtihe&itate, in the most flippant manner, to dogmatize on questions which she is incapable of understanding. She frequently tells us that the Know-nnthin-iare-a dangerousandirrational party. "TheAmericandemocrat designates enlightened consistent principles,?" though what they are she'would be puzzled to te l;the I Whig, narrew-minded bigoted Repubicanism." It was natural that a traveller whom, in fulfil- ment of a critic's duty, we must designate as igno. rant and vain, should be frequently imposed upon. On the subject of the MIornion ~polygsamy her information, therefore; has- an air of novelty. FRrom a MIormon delegate-" a gentlemanly, respectablelooking old man, with. a bald head," she,obtains the following:-. . * - . "It seems that when the first wife waiits help in the household she petitions her husband to take another spose -a good cook or a dairy-woman, for instance, or a seam- stress; so, one wife is housekeeper, another Las the; cooking dlepartment, a third manaes .tho naussxy and so forth;ff and, as there is no small dificulty in getting good servanuts in the United States, this matrimonial, plan intsttres am~norepermanent and better order~ed household th,m could be obtained without it." Another gentleman, who had been niiuch in the. Far West, "Confirmed my deductions about the Mormonite domestic polity, having frequently conversed with the women of that State. The ladies are not shut p in idleness like those of Easterm harenis, but live happily together, because they are too busy to quarreL One woman told him-' We a ee well: sister Dolly has the cows; sister Jenny the sister Betty the kitchen; and so on-all have p>lenty to do: and our husband is bound by law to support and take equal care of us; and then we are so hell-bent on Heaven I' Is it not evident, slavery or polygamy is the prodsuct of anunmnatural attempt afterequalityl" On another occasion ve sitrongnly suspect !she was practised tipon by a lady who knew her-weakness for extraordinaryspecimens of natura history:- By-the by, yesterday a lady from Loisian told me that a snake there (ehe could not say if it vvas a rattlesnake) ilk3 the COwfS, and that it has the power of charming a cow once miled back to the same spot, where she will call the reptile as if it were her calf. A red appearance in the milk left behind showvs wfhat has occurred; but there is no danger to the life of the cow, and,by being carefully shut up away from her snaxke-milker, the mischief is repairedL" The authoress informs the reader that, "if any wishes should be expressed for the publication of a series of sketches which would illustrate her volumes," such woi ld be forthcoming; and we take thtis opportunity of askng for a sketch of the cowmilking serpent. We should like a view of his physiognomy, and, if he converts the milk into cheese or butter, pictures also of the results of hin operations. These would render a Mwork attractive which is not so at present. i takinleave of our countrywomen we cannot sing "co happy could we be with either." Of the one, all that we know is inferentially in her favour. She has written a sensible and entertaining book, containing some charming descriptions, which we have not, however, done her the justice to quote. With her companion we must also conclude as concisely. She has spread her slender substance into a couple of volunes. She has done her best to make slavery popular and botany tedious, but she has principally succeeded in the latter department. Thus we kiss hands and part.
PROPERTIES OF COLOURS IN THE PRODUCTION OF PHOTOGRAPHS. TO THE EDITOl OF TEIE TMES. Sir,-MLany of your photographic readers may be, as it has been my case, under the impression that the letter in 27he Times of the 15th inst., signed " F. Delamotte," was a reply of the well-known photographer of that name, alluded to in my letter inserted m 7n Times of the 12th on the question raised by Mr. taxwell Lyte respecting the copycg of old documents by photography. I othng couldhave been more natural than the supposition, and, accordingly, I was preparing some experiments for an answer to that Mfr. Delamotte, wihen I fortunately discovered my error. Mr. F. DeL aotte, the writer of the letter in question, ex presses his surprise thatI should find some difficultyin copying blues by photography. I did not at al allude to the difficulty of representing water-colour drawings. I merely explained that in copying a document written in hlue ink the writing wtoud in general be invisible, the tint of the paper and the blue of the letters havin" a similar photogenic action; also that in copying old documents haying blue letters On paper become dark or brow.n by old age, that paper in such a case having less photogenic action than the blue of the letters, the result would not be other. wise than a black page with white letters. These are undeniable principles of photography, and it is not in the power of 31r. F. Delamotte by any contrivance of his to change the sequent effect in both of these cases. But Mr. F. DeLamotte's principal object vas, I should think, less to show how ignorant might be a "scientific photographer" than to announce a wronderful discovery he tancies to have made-viz., that he can copyblues by using "a second light neutralizing the blue." That gentleman, I have no doubt, would greatly gratify al photographers if he were to explain what he means by a second light neutralizing the blue in copying water colours. I know well enough that it is possible to neutralize the blue, but how Mr. F. Delamotte can contrive to make use of any neutralizing action on the blues only, without at the same time affecting, in an equal degree, the whites and other tints of the v,bole picture, it is difficult to understand. Instead of a second light I employ darkness to neutralize the blues or whites of a picture. During thb operation I moves black screen before those parts, thereby intercepting the photo-enic rays, which they reflect in excess, and leaving to fullaction the less photogenic parts. What 31r. F. Delamotte calls copying the blues must mean not to copy them at all; for even wlite paper, under decreasing intensities of light, might be represented by a darker and darker tint, until it would not appear in the slightest degree, leaving the photogenic tablet quito black; so must it be for the blues, which the less they are copied the darker they appear on the photograph. --v 3intrumenL. called the "' Dynactinometer," shows the comparative effect of various intensitic. of light upon white paper. The itonaities oro indicatod in tlosconmctrical progression 1, 2, 4, 8, 16 32, 64 seconds of time, and the instrument for every experiment -shows-Avhat has beeni the photogenic action of any light during those various exposures. If the part of the paper exposed during 32 seconds is represented by a decided white, that exposed during 16 seconds will bo represented by a darker tint; the next, exposed during eight seconds, will be still darker, and so on increasing in darkness until the exposure to light has been too short to produce any effect at all; so that we find that if 32 seconds have preduced the white, one second may have no perceptible influence on the photogenic surface, which remains entirely black. In operating with the same instrument upon bine paper the same remult is found, and if we operate upon a paper cont ainng various tints or colours in the same experi ment we are able to compare their relative effect. We see by example that if with a certain light 32 seconds have produced white for white, 64 seconds may have been necessary to produce white for blue, and one second will have produced black for blue. This is about the proportion for the purest blues employed by artists. The yeIow of artistswiU at last produce the white, although its place on the photo. genic tablet wil remain perfectly black at an intensity capable of giving the naximum of white effect to blue. These most interesting and suggestive experiments I first tried more than 10 years ago, ant I have now repeated them in aid of the present controversy. I am, indeed, Sir, well satisfied that the controversy has occurred, nor do I doubt that all scientific photographers will be thankful to you for having so liberaly and so readily given publicity to the letters of Mr. Maxwell Lyte, of Messrs. 0. and F. Delamotte, and to mine, because these letters have called attention to a subject which is the basis of photographic knowledge. The result of this discussion will be a step towards the solution of a most difficult question. For my own p art, I have immediately set to work, and have already obtainued- some very importanit results, which I shall be happy to show to all photographic friends interested in the matter. I have the honour to be. Sir, your ohadiantservant. A. CLAUDET. 107, regent-street, Jan. 25.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I have read with extreme surprise the following statement made by hlr. Nornis, one of the Investigation Committee of the Eastern Counties Railway Company, at the special meeting of the shareholders of the company held on the 2.5th inst. ~ * "1He saw in the accounts a sum of 3,900!., as a loan to the corporation of Harwich. Instead of being as represented, ho-wever, it appeared to be a SUm advanced in part payment of something said to be a ' property,' which the chairman had engaged to buy at an outlay of over 30,000uu Whether it were land, or whether it were water, this 'pro. perty,' he did not know; but he believed that when tho tide was out it was one, anid when the tide was in it was the other. If they looked at these transactions hard in the faceand scanned them closely, they would perceive not so much the features of David Waddington, the anxious conservator of their interests, on the look out to defend their property, as the lineaments of the member for Harwich, endeavouring to conserve the good opinion of Mr. Chapmnan, the town clerk, and the constituents of his borough." This statement is materially untrue, as that gentlemnan must have known if he attended to his duties as a member of the committee; and, if he has not done so, I can but feel that he is the more culpable in not using the means he possessed to ascertain the actual state of things before he venturedto give utterance to that which the shareholders had a right to regard with greater interest and belief as coming from one of their own committee. The following are the facts :-No engagement has been mnade by Mr. Waddington with the corporation of Harwich, and there is no agreement to buy works here at an outlay of over 30,000u. The joint committee of the united railway companies have agreed to take of the cor4oratiou'all the works under "the larwich Improvement Quais and Pier Act, 1851,"1 and the 'extent and value of 'those works MVr. Norris, or any other, gentleman anxious for the truth, could learn through such joint committee, and they would find the result far different froniwhat M7. Norris has re sented, both in flgrm value, and probable result; and,a , that Mr. Waddmngton, far from lendingz himself in the matter " to conserve the good epinon of his Parliamentary onsituents,n has been scrupulously cautionls inth>e mnattr and, Idonbt not, he knewr full well the miL7ht have, to deal. withgentlemenlike31r.Norni, who would appear to be only capabld of-fnding-faulv and 'cattn reflections on others forgetting, -atthe ame time, that a doinso he either p roved that he must have totally neglected hpis duty in not learning howr matters reall stood, or that he desire to suppress the facts. MIr.Jwaddiagton took no part in the treaty between the corporation and the joint committee 'of therailway companies until the negotiation was far advranced. The works to be taken are comylete, and' are fully wrorth the cost ofmaking tbem, whic is the price areed to be paid for them; aid thi they- are worth' the money I have the favourable opinion of Mr. Ball, MP., another member of thecommitee, who, whehere with Mr. Love on the 13th of November last' stated, after he had gone over the works and examined .me theroor that the company had got a bargain ;and who then also ex presed himself to mu as imprssed vith the advantage of the works to the railway companies. Ilam sorry to trouble you and the publlc'with a sulbject which can only really interest those who understand it, and' have somekncowledge of the-locality and circuinsnces * bait I tithst yomlwiil consider I am entitled to answer so string a statement as that made by MIr. Norris. - I amu. Sir. your-obedient servanlt. ED) WARL CHAPAIAN. Tni CThrk. larwicb, Jan. 26,
IrA PFAL AND MILITARY INTELIGEBNc. 1- I : : Ij_ HerMalwWispaddlewheel steamerSpitfire, Captain Sprat was admitted- into the basin at Woolwich on Saturday from the Mediterranean, having been in commission four years and a-half, during whicl time she has been principally engaged in surveys, and has re'idered some importaun servioes in that capacity. -Her machinery will have to be refitted, and she will likewise require a thorough repair, after which sho is to continue her surveying opera. tions in the 3Mediterranean. The Spitfire is one of the steamers which was in constant attendance onandpreceded the fleet for the purpose of carrying on soundings, &c., in the Black Sea. Lieutenant Mansell, of the Spitfire, has commissioned the Tartarus, which will be ready for service in a few weeks. She has been ordered to the Mfediterranean, and wiUl take out the officers and crew of the Spitfire to join the Medusa or Medina, one of the latter Flips being intended to prosecute the surveys in conjunction with the Tartarus. The Spitfire is to be paid off on Saturday next. The Coquette, lately launched from the shipbuilder's yard at Blackwall, and commissioned by MAster-Commander Risk, was received into basin at Woolwich on Saturday to be fitted for sea. She is to be manned with six 32-pounders and two pivot guns. A new gunboat, the Griper, arrived at Woolwich yesterday morning from Messrs. Scott Russell's, and is to be rigged and fitted with despatch. The Admiralty yacht Vivid, Master-Commander Allen, entered Woolwich basin yesterday. The screw transport Northumberland, No. 51, arrived yesterday morning off Woolwich Arsenal fromn Deptford, having shipped the greater portion of her cargo there. She has room for about 30 tons of ammunition and other stores, which she has commenced embarking at Woolwich, and will most probably leave to-morrow for Greenhithe and Balaklava. The 99th Regiment, now on its passage from Van Diemen's Land, may be expected in England daily. Previouslyto the departure of thatcorps inOctober many of the men volunteered their services to the 1st battalion of the 12th Foot, stationed in Australia. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Lieutenant T. Macnamara, to the St. Vincent, for service of Portsmouth ordinary; R. T. Saunders, master, to the Rodney; George Gilpin, master, to the Esk; W. P. Rains, promoted to master and appointed to the Falcon; George Forster, naval instructor, to the Impregnable; Robert-Bernard, surgeon, to tho London; Alexander Jeffreys, paymaster, to the Furotas; *S. L H. Giles, pay. master, to the Exmouth; William Wiles, paymaster, to the Hawke - E. F. Raffell, assistant-paymaster, to the Blenheim;F:, B. Walker, assistant-paymaster in charge, to the Mohawik; James M. Carmichael, clerk, to the Rodney; Hamilton M. Cole, assistant clerk, to the Conflict. The following naval cadets have been appointed supernumeraries to the Victory, the appointments to hear date the 26th of January inst. - L. N. Moncrieff, E. HL Steel, WiRiam E. K. Cockett, Charles C. Rising, A. H. Markham, P. R. H. Parker, John P. Bridges. Charles Stuart, Robert Barton, and George Wesley* and to the Impregn3ble-N. MEaskelyne, George W. Hand B. HC. Lawson, Charles Mason, G. HI. Borton, R. ML Sporling, and R. W. Benyon. MfILITIA. Volunteering from the Royal Cornwall and Devon inmers ArtiUlery Militia took,place at Pendennis Castle, Falmouth, on Saturday, when no less than 60 turned out, principally for the Royal Artillery and Royal Marines, and some few for the 23d Infantry or Welsh Fusileers.
i B 2EPESENTATION OF EDINBURGH On Saturday evening a requisition was presented to Mr. Adam Black, signed by 14124 electors, inviting him to stand for th:erepresentation of Edinburgh. Mr. Black has de- lared his acceptance of the requisition in an address issued to the electors yesterday (honday) morning, in which he says:- - "Till very lately I could not have supposed it possible that Iwould aspire to such a distinction, not only on account of the personal inconvenience and anxiety it would impose, but from a deep sense of the responsibility it would involve. And when I call to mind the great men who have represented you in former years, especiaUy, the illustrious statesman the loss of whose public services the nation has now to deplore it is no affectation of humility to declare that I feel it something like presumption to attempt to occupy the place which they so honourably filled. Having lived so long among vou, and having filled almost every municipal office, from the humblest to that- of the chief magistrate, and having taken a part in almost:all the pubic questions which have interested the country, my ellow.citizens have had the heat opportunity of judging of my prnciples of action, of my competency, and of my trustworthiness. The experienco of Previous conduct you will probably hold to be more tobe relied npon than the largest professions or the strictest tests. Then, as I have been I intend to continue to be. As I have acted in the humbler trusts I would act in the hi her trust should it be the will of the electors of Edinburgh to devolve it upon me." M _r. Black invites the electors on Thursday to hear the statement of his opinions. Mr. Black was Lord Provost of Edinburgh from 1844 to 1847. There.is as yet no other candidate in the field, although at a large meeting of the working classes on Friday evening, addressed by several " No Popery " agitators, it was agreed to present a requisition to Sir iVlliam Johnston (who succeeded Mr. Black in the civic chair), inviting him to come forward as an opponent to the MIaynooth grant and other Popish endowmnents, which Mr. Black is understood to be unwilling to disturb. It is quite unlikely that Sir William will corply with the inviition. A Conservative candidate is taed of as probable, though no name has yet been mentioned on authority. The election is expected to take place next w eel;.
Tir Qui A-ND THE HoN. MIss Mrn Ay.- The Adenesumn has a paragraph explaining the true state of the case with reference to the reported retirement of the Hon. Miss Murray from the Court. It appears (according to this statement) that Miss Murray, having visited America, formed new opinions on the anti-slavery question. " This change of view Miss Murray communicated to the Queen, who replied to her Lady in laiting, if we are rightly informed, by some very wise and very wvomanly counsels. Unhappily, the Royal letter missed its object; and before Miss Murray had the advantage of reading her august friend's advice she had pledged herself not to observe that discreet silence on a most intricate and vexed problem which is necessary in persons holding public situations. biss Murray has the courage to avowher opinions; but as she chose to take part in a discussion that every day threatens to rend the union,hor retirement from the Queen's household followed naturaly. These are the simple facts. There was no intention to dedicate the book to HWer MEajesty. Hler Majesty never saw the proof-sheets. We cannot supso that the Queen meant to rebuke riss Murray-as the paaph makes her-for forming an honest opinion. Miss Murray's retirement from the Court must be assigned to a polticalnot a personal-motive. We see nothmg in it save what is creditable alike to Sovereign and subject." TEiE EuRoPEAN SoTnDnE 3n bqn&.-Tt is a fact that there are 40,000 British soldiers in India. These men occupy stations, for the most part, far in the interior, among a people whose language they do not understand, whose religion surrounds them with barriers of prejudice and absurdity, whose thoughts, tastes, manners, customs, and even appearance are different. The cantonments are generally placed in a flat, open, and uninteresting country, without any diversity of scenery, without any monuments of antiquity, architectse or art, without roads, hedges, lanes, ruin,g water, and often without trees. For several months of the year the land withers beneath the scorehing blasts, and then is inundated by torrents of rain. Under such circumstances it can readily be believed that a soldieres life is dreary, and instances often occur showing that to some it is insupportable. Each of these 40,000 men costs a large sum to place him on the ground he occupies. As a point of economy, it is essential to expend as few of these men as possible, to make them last as long as possible. For this good hospitals are built, goodmedical attendance supplied; the men are generally lodged in good barracks, well fed, and clothed. The Government import malt liquor, and give everyencouragement to substitute that for ardent spirit, but what do the Government do to relieve the monotony of these dreary quarters? They assemble the troops on brigade field days. They have drills under commanding officers, adjutants, sereant-majors. They have target practice, setting up drill, everythingof that sort from an inspection parade to a defaultei"s parade, but a stupid cantonment is not much enlivened by the eternal " Shoulder arms." What do the Government do to erect gymnasiums, theatres, swimming baths, and reading rooms? What price is held out to the best rumner, jmper, or even the best shot? 'What care the Company that the "private" sulks moodily in his barrack-room and dreams of Ins native villago, its green lanes and purling streams? Buttheyshould care-if for no other reason, for their own pockets. That frame of mind often not only brings disease hut also crime ald death, and we all knowvthat contentment of mind is the best preservation of bodily health; But there is h higher m-otive involved than mere economy-humanity and good faith. The Company placed these soldiers here. It is their business to maintain them in comfort. If they willnot interest themselves on such points, let themgivethe soldiers the means of purchasing such amusements. ThepayoE Queen's officers in Tndi is double what it is in England. The pay of private soldiers7 is less in the only item inwhich thereis a difference. At hometthe oomfortof-the men has been p uch,l and will be still more, improved, lf once an -vpinion unfaiourable to India be established in the British ,sles in these days of slot recruiting,the difficulties of keepinrg the European regiments up to their. strength will bce insurmountable. Then the measures wenowr saik for, and which would be taken as a boon, will he forced on the Government as r necessity; then every inducement of heavy bounties, increased pay, shorter service, and largerpensions, will be resorted to, perhaps in vain, As we observed a fea days ago, prevention is nlot only better than cure, it is cheaper.-Dgeni lanwti, Nov. 20. ACCDETTM I. sL~,Qt C.Yeserdaymonrinig, asbout a quarter before 11 o'clock, Mr Slade; Q.C., Diet wiithan accident while riding through the wark, on-his way to Westminster-hall. His horse atiuxfibled and fell, ,throwing the learned gentleman with considerable violence, but v ithout inflicting any sezious iniuries. The learned gentleman soon recovered himself, and proceeded to Westminster-hafll, KrNo s Conaocs; I rwDOh.-Thie followig E dents of this college appear in the list of Wranglers forz S856 published on Saturday :-mith, 3d; Favvcett, 7th; scSgore, 8th; Nouse,l1Cth; Fierce, 16th; Candy, 27th',
STAFF JOBBINa. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-There is a writtn rule of the service, to befon,d in the Queen7's Re gafions, which runi a; follows:- "Officers holding staff situations in Great Britain o: Ireland (those only excepted who are appointed by He: F~ajesty's special authority) are to be required, en their regiments bein,g ordered on foreign service, to relinquish their situations on the staff in order to embark with their In the Alor6 iing Post of this day is thus written :- - "Brevet-MaJor the Hon. Somerset J. G. Calthorpe, 8th Hussars, has been appointed an extra aide-de-camp to the Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland. Thlis young officer has seen some activenservice at home and abroad. He was appointed Deputy Assistant Qaartermnster-General to the camp at Chobham under the late gallant General, then Colonel Torrens, and, on the command of the army in tbe East being given to Lord Raglan, he was appointed Aide-de-Camp to his lordship, and served vith him through Tur'key, landed with the army in the Crimea, and was present at al the great actions in the Crimea, inclutding the affair of the soulg,anak on the l9thof September,1854, the battles of the Alma and Inkernnaun, also Balaklava, and the assault of the Redan on the 18th of June." The Hlon. Somerset J. G. Oalthorpe was one of the five nephews whom the late Lord Raglan selected for his personal staff. He was then a lieutenant in the 8th Hiiussars, in which regiment he is now junior captain, and from his experience at Chobham the year before he was doubtless a competent officer. Under Lord Raglan's experienced eye and tuition hliS nephews must have learnt their profession well. Their position spared them most of the dangers and all the hardships of the terrible winter siege-none of them suffered either from wounds or sickness, and theu: deserts were rewarded Theyond those of their less fortunate and more hardly worked brethren-the regimental officers of the army-by preferentia promotion and by honours without stint. I entreat Lord Panure to observe how the present system of nepotism and interest has worked in this case as far as the interests of the country are concerned. Vhen Lord Raglan died, at the most critical point of the war, the whole of his personal staff hurined home as soon as they could wind up his and their affairs; only one of them retained his position on the staff till the second attack on the Redan when he obtained a lieutenant-colonelcy by bringing home the news of that mishap. And in England they have remained ever since. Tlwo of them-both lieutenant-colonels, and one a C.B.-have actually left the army altogether, selling their commissions; one ias rejoined the home battalion of his regiment; one remains on leave; and we see, by the above-quoted paragraph in the Aoaiing Post that the Commander-in-Chief has broken through an important rule of the service in order to release the Hon. Major Calthorpe from the tedium of active duty with his regiment, which is at present in the East, by removing him to Dublin, to the somewhat inglorious position of a supernumerary follower of the Earl of Carlisle in war time. Meantime, while the services of these five experienced and fortumate yoimg officers are thus lost to the country which has paid and rewarded them so liberally, -we see other written rules of the service daily broken through in order to push forward prematurely, into the positions which the late Lord Raglan's staff wrould be so competent to fill, raw oys of but a few montha' service, but vwith excellent interest at the Horse Guards. It isimpossible to conceive amore deplorablemilitary spirit than that which this would seem to evidence. Here are officers-young,high-born, healthy, brave, and experienced, possessing the very best interest, having met with extraordinary promotion at very little risk or cost to themselves, and vwho evidently can command almost any species of military employment they may prefer-some quitting the army altogether, others successfully making interest to avoid active service by attaching themselves to a civilian Lord-Lieutenant in the midst of a war, without any loss of caste or consideration. Lord Panmure has indeed an Augean stable to cleanse at the Horse Guards. The frequenters of Wlsito)All musat be glad to see tlhat steps are apparently being taken by that active reformer, Sir Benjamin Hall, to turn the Serpentine through it, as was well suggested last year by Alr. Rernul Osborne. I am, Sir. vour obedient servant- A TAk-PAyERL Jane 28.
TO THE EDITOR OF PTE TIMES. Sir,-As you have been our most powerful advocate and best friend in the question of the superannuation-tax, by freguently caling the attention of Government to its injustice, I venture to hope you may also be induced to extend your advocacy for the purpose of getting a more liberal scale of salaries in the Post-office. I am in one of the best offices in the department, and the following is our scale:- 1st class £260 rising £10 0 a-year up to £350 2d ,, 180 ,, 710 ,, 240 1 3d,,i so, 110 ,, 150 Out of the above 2sA 4d. in the pound is deducted (incometax Is. 4d., and superanmuation-tax, I.), so that a clerk in the nominal roceipt of 200!. a-year, really only gets 176!. 13s. 4d. Since the report of the commissioners there has been a considerable decrease in the number employed, and consequently a very large increase of work for each to do; indeed, I question whether merchants' clerks have so much to do. But of this we do not complain; all that we want is better pay. Compare the salaries in the East India-house, the chief banking-honses, and insurance-offices in London with ours and it will at once be seen that we are really badly paid. How can the Government expect to get a better educated and qlified class of clerks, as they profess to do, when this as the prize offered in one of their largest establishments? Pray give us your powverful aid in this matter, and we shall then have some chance of success. I am. Sir. vour verv obedient servant. G. P. . I General Post-office, Jan. 28.
JNCOME-TAX. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TI1IES. Sir,-May I ask a corner in your journal to correct an error of your correspondent, "A. Victim," in 27tc Time of Thursday, with reference to what he calls the "casual profit" system? The assessors do not make assessments under Schedule D, but they are made by commissioners appointed for that purpose, who are unpaid and derive no percentage from the amount assessed; and, as one of such commissioners, I believe the statement of your correspondent to be v.holly unfounded. At the same time, I can fully confirm tho former paart of his letter as to the insufficiency of returns made by the wealthy traders and merchants; and, on reference to a Parliamentary return, No. 482, now before me, I find the very startling fact that there are only 1,56 persons in Great Britain charged to incoine-ta under Schedule D on incomes of 2,000?. and under 3,0001.; 827 persons on incomes of 3,0001. and under 4,0001. ; 418 persons on incomes of 4.0007. and under 5,000?. ; 7S6 persons on incomes of 5,000o. and under 10,QoO?.; and 453 persons on incomes of 10,000!. and under 50,000?. Does not this fuDly confirm the remarks in your leading article of Tuesday last in which you say, "that this is the general character of the returns from trade appears by the very sorry figure they make in the aggregate compared with returns from lands and funds?1" It also appears that of the total sum assessed for the year ended Aprl 5. 18Fviz.. 6,439,142l.-tho incomes from trades and professions do not form one-third of thatamommt, being only2,057,9241.; one-half of the total xssessment being contributed by the landow;ner and from house property-viz., 3,225,9691.; the remainder being assessed on the fundhiolder and Government officiasviz, 1,125,249?. Lsike yourself, I " look to thelncome-tax Reform .ssociatlon to do something for the cause besides mere talking." I have the honour to be vour constant reader. A LOCAL COMSSIONER.
'TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Thaving resided in the vicinity of Smithfield -for 35 years, I ean bear testimony to the frightful nuisance of the old cattle-markot and all its abominations; and, knowing the tenacity with which the corporators clung to it, I am not surprised at their now attempting to establish'a deadmeat market on its site. Why, Sir, this would increase the evil threefold, inasmuch as the old market was only held on Idondays and Fridays; this wrould be for Six dys,~ and Sun,days for the unsold meat to putrefy and breed infection around. And -who are the persons who now e out for a aead-meat market?V Why, the u,bEicans and ginsops, whose only business lay wsith the butchers mnd droversj and a fewvenders of butchers' sticks and aprons. Pert me,'Sir, to thaik you for fhe very able rin ncr in -which you denounce the attempt in this day's T77ne, and I sincerely trust it will frustrate the cunning desgns of a few artful and interested persc,s who care nothing for anybody but themselves. Why not make a second Covent-garden-market, for fruit, and flowers, which the city does not nowr ovsess as ervery on ea dmnits Farringao n-31 uict to be a d Bad &ae I 'would make first-rate baths andwashhouses; and, asyou saW, shut upKNewgate-market altogether,and send the butehersto oUoway, which will be very little inconvenience, as whey nearly all keep carte. What was the pi-markt mignht be made a poultry one of, remored from Newgate. These two markessA woeuld amply compcensate Tfie residents ia Soithfield, and be truly acceptable to the citizens, wrho are in want of twro good markets for the above purpo6cs. I renlailL Sir. vour most oucomene servant, - G. F. ALLOOMC Cox's-couri, LitqIe Biitain, Jan. D,
 - _S CASE OF p_AIER, THE SURGEON, -,, I B,7GELEY. I D3GMHAl D UTIT' OJCOTO B . lflTw .T 28. ,A (Before JIr. Comminion rHALGnr This mornimg the appel in the matt,r of the adiudicatiot of a fiat of ban1kruptcy agamnst Wlliam Patles, the onr. geon, of lrugldey, came on for hearing betf0rotle Com mils saoner in his private rooma, it being usual, as Lt, was atat4 to tak-e all such preliminary proceedings outonth ThebJig court. The learned Commissioner, as well ast3fr.0flzmth, slicitor, who appearel against the aAjudication. rtedilj coasentel to the admnisson of the press; but thlis 3fr. t. S. James, who appeared for the petitioning creditor, opposed., His Honour, under such circumstance, could not deviate fromthusuna practiceof theCourta and the press waconsequently exc-luded. The follovving narrative wfilexplain the nature and circumstantces of the applicatio0n3: On the 9th of January las Mor. John Spittle,.iromnaster, of Westhromwich, presented a petition to the Court for a flat against Wr,iiom Palmer, surgeon, apothecary, dealer, and chapisa. On the samne day Mr. Tpittle proved his debt, which was to the amount of 1,0001., u]on a bil of exchange, dated the 1ath of September, isso, drawn by Wililiam Palmer upon, and accpted by Sarah Palmer, payable to the order of uicialam t Palmer three mn ths ifter date, and by W. Palmer endorsld to J. Spittle. The act ofbankrurntcy relied npDn was thatproved byMlr. Hoary GMard, rheis officer of Stafford, who stated that ho arrestedPalmer under cahpiesd stislciencium, at the suit of one Henry Padwic, on the 13th day of December, and oxn the 17th day of the same 3nonth Palmer was removed under toeosame writ, and also on a coroner's warrant, Inder a charge of murder, to the county gaol of Stafford. Tpoa these facts Mr. Waterfield, the rgstrarig of the Beirin-r ham Court of Bankruptcy, acting for Mr. Coumissioner Bsluy, in his absence, adjudicated?palnier a bankrupt. The notice of adjudication was duly served, when Mix. Smith~ gave notice that he should this day dispute its validity. In addition to the above particular and in further explanation of the reasons which hastened the adjudication of bankruptcy, it maybe mentionedthatPalmer, on the 5th of May, 1855, executed a bill of sale to M1r. B. Wright, solicitor, of Birmingham, for the sum of 8000O. and ulpwrd sa and that by virtue of this instrot the ft -n t -his c perty had beon sold and swept off, instisfaction frt debt. It appears that the dlate of Wright's hiw to the date of Spittle's bi of exchneTh& oE of the bankruptcy was, if p e so set ente b on Sale, and to o gtainp essoo ts the benefit of the general body fceios la. Sanis said h was now prepared to oppose the adja. dlication made upon Spittle's petition. Mtr. JanES l rimedifathely observe d that he had another petition to present, foundedi upo the facts meientionen. aibove. It wais the jit itto f h bvenained JohnL Mr. aisrsscontnde tht th Cort ad no power to -receive the petition on the morning when the matter of the first petition was to be discussed; besides which, if t=heryer of the petition was assented to, the right of the anrpt, under te 104th section of the statute-, wont! be taken away ; and, as there -was no suchlpower in the Court to deprive the bankrupt of his statutahletzght, he (Mn. Smith) insisted at this time upon being heard against the validity of the adjudication. T,he 104th section was to the effect :-" Such person shall be allowed seven days, or such extendedl time, not exceeding 14 days in the whole, as the Court shall think- fit, from the service of suchi duplicate~, to show cause to the Court against the validity of such adjudication ; and if such person shall within such time show to the Satisfaction of the Court that the petitioning credfitor, debt, trading, andl act of bankruptcy upon -which Such adjuLdication has been granted or any or either of such matters-, are insufficient to support such adjudication, and upon such showing no othier creditor, debt, trading, or act of bankruptcy sufficient to support such adjudicationi, or suchi of the Last-mentioned matter& as shall be requiste o sppotsc'h adjudication in lieu of the petitioning redtors dbt,trading,I and act of bankruptcy, or anyothr, r etheofSuich matters -which shall be deemedt sufficient on that behalf, as the case maybe, shal be proved. to the satisfaction of the Court, the Court shall order such adjudiceation to be annulled, and the same shall be annulled accordingly." Mnr Smith then arguedl that the primary jurisdiction clause, s. 12, did not give any right to the Commnissioner to hear, determine, or make orders in anay matter of bnkrptcywhaeve whee terewas an express pro- viincotolngteatso h Commissioner,DIU.Ia lal or gpivinga statut amboeuigh to hany phero bappearaingsefr the Courat; and,b as ticton he 124th section meelRgvete rgh to the bankruptteigt to dispute.thmeejdca hact undert Thimel primary ju trnisditonflue the acourtd coul not covsier-ride the posisetive enactesmenits elf. z n ursito-heteei Mr. Comissiner Bc t- am cearyo dopneIaion that lm boud to ear te banrupt gains the vldity of theadjuication. the 14hscin'yst h ak rup the gright tohdspte Hohsbugtimlfwhn thoe terms tof thenac, teandt dof bnort consie.htte1t saetion enablesrme exercise nyghridciowhere itherebis pleroviio in thet satutedrectn g whau sal be done.tod Iu anpo thereor ofly opnion lthatg the bankrupctisn entitled Bkltoi-y putesTheidjuationAct noethwithstadn thevn send petristion Mrus should then statgen,ad thatvewa preporedc to dispute thrpading, anthoato bankruptcywih ao itself-cnthes trading onthMroun that-I Palmr hadnotrhod been inr bSmithhafor moret tha dTtwoyas the adjdcatiofbnkruptcy non. attmtthoriy,pxport it u ofa Bowes"ith presey) and' "hrpetiaion clea rly holdtha ay pero must bein cuto dsueedjeudicivposo only; and alnthog tha e himinthseP stion ofthe avnkrutcy Consolidaion Ac uedth wods "haitng eses pn.rs or coimmiteret prso fore an ozether caluse,"iyeto suc ocaue ihderf doumns were paned haefrefrencem to ththe lawgh rultige whtohanrhesopts, whqichwa nottherfc in brthis case. rihte dlispte h adjudicationofbuapv, oI shall notiatemp to when MnSmti myvelee n to dispute, the tdju cation,d Mrothateslwefnt plae hiom inr the puroseto of pliaarngt incuhr epensetion, the bingteingtupris iuseaan Mrx. S=inrrtheomofeed toa h dspouteno thtera upaon atr one,rifouets weredy,bu plaesedbeoehms that the mighhoiaetaer hisient Tusa. Thea fitrs adjuicato of ibeankmrup-tcy, ofewhich noticerha aohrpetition,fo crandrs win l the interimedtoop
SPORTIZG INTELLRJENCE. TATTEFPSAIL'S.-MOSDAY. The business transacted during the afternoon was, in certain instances, important. A hostile movement w as comimenced against Fly-by-Night, but it was not attended with any disastrouLs effect; 10 to 1 wvas repeated1l' betted againslz him for the Derby, those odds being taken mn the aggregate to npwvards of 300?. For tho Two Thousand 7 to 2 and 4 to 1ere currently offered against hinm. Yellow Jack ws1, therefore, the favourite for that event. This horse ,was also backed at12 tolfor the Derby; 700 toO1 were bookedl about Wentwortb. The Chester Cup was the oily "legitimate" handicap event operated upon. 20 to 1 was offered on the field, Imogene being the decided favourite ;*1000 to 40 was laid twice and afterwards offered against Courtensy. Epaminondas receded to 28 to 1 offered. The most important transactionswere relative to :lisbap and Scythian. After 50 to 1 had been taken about each of them repeatedly they were advanced respectively to 40 to 1, at which odds they were frm at the close. Yellow Jack- also found support for this event at 40 to L Coroner was friendless. The Metropolitan was frequently mentioned, hut we saw no bet made upon it. The outlays on the Liverpool Steepleehase were, witb the exception to those relative to Sir Peter Laurie, insignificant. Odiham, who had been backed freely at 15 to 1 during the morning in the city, declined to 100 to G taken and offeredL The following notices were posted in the room:- "THE RUrmzLEy CASE. "Any gentleman whosaw WMliam Palmer in London ou Saturdar, the 24th of November Wt. is earnestl requested to communiracwith J. IL Hatten, Esq., chief of the county constabulary. Stafford, orvritli r. W. V. Stephena, No. Ii. Camden-grove, Keusingtn. executor to M. J.P. Cool, deeeased" "vAny perso who saw Wiliam Palmer, of Rugelcy, in London ot Saturday. the Ist of December Lat, isearxnestlyrequeAcd to cornmeacate with J. IL Hatten, Ezq., chief of the county coDstabulss. Stafford, or with Mr. W.V. Stephen No. 11, Camden-zmwe Hensiniton, executor to Mr. J.1r. Ceok, deceased." r.osuns Ps=ia IsVErooL STErL2ECS 12 to 1 aget Mr. W. narnett' Sir PeterLAude Itakeal 11- 1- Mr. HendemnsuHarylorriquer (taken). 15- 1-Mr. 3. IHendemou7bThe teckSwa (taken). 15- 2- 3Mr.HarperWsTheForestQueen. 100 - 8- Mr. B Land's Odaism (taken and offered). Tas Two TousAND. 100 to 30 agAt Mr. HowacellowJack ttaken). 4- 1- Mr. 3lowes's Fly-by-lNight (offered). 10 - 1 - IdT. n'sBird-Li-Hand Btken). COMr CUP. 20 to I st fr. Treen's Imagene (taken ad offcrdl?.- 0- 1-lMr. H&wdon's COomtenaY (t ken. 2S- 1- Captin D. lane's mnedM taksano(erCd?, 33- - Mr, T. PresaFlast" takeW. 40 - 1- r. HowaSeytl&n (taken). - 40- 1-Mr. J. AL 8tlmer'3s Msbap (taken). 40D- 13Mr. Howard's YllOW Jack (take. SO0- 1-2 lr. E. AS tork. - !a0O -30- Mr. Parker'WAldford (takea). I,0OO -10- Captaiulawes Tugo'War (taken). Tmc DFIsr. : 7to lagM. t. W.twilia'sWeetworth(tIceetoglOW. 9 - I- Admiral Har1ourt'at - 10- 1- Mr. BoweeS my-by-wlzht (taken).' 12- 1-Mr. HowardsYellowJack(ken). 1,0OD -15- Mr. W. kAaoi'es Botlie Scotand tko . HORSES STRUCK OUT OF THEIR EIGAGEMXNTS. Cerim Cum.-Enlwa Gamekeeper, Genral Picton, Vietolst. Clara, Sole-Star, Co-Ly. Bilne Roz}, IrelaadL 3e, nanter. Stadbally, The Cickecn rish, Alo1 Freddy. Greencatle, and PirebbatL GRYAr- N oraxase lEsADIs a.-AB lr. Mr ornrss hos and Mr. le Css' La Victime. LaVxInOOL Sr!eO 1MxGuo.-GXMekoer, Comey. and GCtenZ Picton. out of all their enggcements atthis 3cting. Lvzr.ooa ur.-St. CaM Torx HA-nrniaa-Eulogwt, s uamekceper, Sole-Star.; Tlrteur. andIAViethue. oM OrolrrAx SrTxzsa-Covey and v VItuou. NOZLTHAXroSsnZ STAxXA-BQlogtt and iatdo%& -CRYSTA PALACE. SMh SMLTMIG DAr, MIonday, Jan. 28.-Admissions on payment, 815; ditto, by smon tickets, 203; total vsitors, 1v0i8.
LONDON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1856. If the American Congress could only be induced to betake themselves, however tardily, to the duties for which, we presume, they were elected, we might hope to know the fate that awaits us from some source more authentic than the Message of the PREsI)EN-T or the comments of the press. But, alas ! we hope in vain. Sedet aternumque I sedebit; there seems no reason whatever why the labours of Congress should ever come to an end. From BANKs to ScATTEBRo, and from SCATEAIUNG to BAsNS, sometimes 99, when the required majority is 105; sometimes 105 when the required majority is 113; nobody gains, nobody loses; nobody seems a bit nearer winning or losing than he was before. They pace round their allotted circle lke the inmates of the great hall of the Caliph VATHE, and persist in an invAne rnpitifion of divisions for BAN Ks, RIcHARDsoX, FULLER, and SCAREING--for SCA.TTERG, FULLER, RIcnARDSON, and BA2Ms. In the meantime, while this agreeable comedy is being acted, we shall do wisely to employ ourselves in taking a careful view of our relations to the great American nation, whose representatives seem to think of nothing but playing out the farce they have commenced. We have two questions still to settle with the United States-first, the arrangement of the affairs of Central America; and, secondly, the termination of the dispute which has arisen out of our ill-advised attempt at enlistment in Canada. We sincerely wish that we could see some more decided effort on our part towards the solution of the first of these questions, and a little more good sense and moderation on the part of the American Government in the consideration of the second. Ve offer no opinion as to the construction of the treaty under which the first dispute has arisen, although we think that in so simple a matter we have every right to complain that the mutual understanding, 'whatever it was, has not been embodied in clear and intelligible language. Oiur present object, however, is not to grumble over the past, but to suggest remedies for the future. For what useful or honourable purpose do we keep open this contemptible quarrel about the island of Ruatan and our rights of protecting that polished and civilized community, the kingdom of MIosquito? 'When the quarrel arose our policy was obvious enough. It was not the love of mosquitoes, nor an abstract delight in the pestiferous Isthmus of Darien, nor an opinion that the possession of Ruatan added any perceptible lustre to the diadem of the QUEEN of Great Britain and Canada, of India and Australia, I that made us seek so earnestly to retain some hold| on these miserable regions. It was, we believe, simply and solely because it was thought they would be the seat of the canal destined to unite the Atlantic with the Pacific, and to confer a lasting dominion on the Power in whose hands this key of two oceans should be placed. But when we had obtained from America an undertaking not to colonize or occupy these countries, and were thus secured from the only rivalry likely, in this I respect, to be really formidable, our possessions became valueless, our rights not worth the breath which their assertion cost us, and our claims mere worn-out properties, which true wisdom would have thrown aside and thought of no more. If this was so when it was considered probable and even likely that we should discover a spot suitable for the formation of a ship canal between the twvo oceans, how much is the case strengthened when it has I been ascertained that there is hardly a possibilityt remaining of carrying that great work into execu- tion? Were the affairs of manldnd conducted-I byreason, instead of by passion and prejudice, we should have heard no more of the Mosquitoes. But, unfortunately, it seems impossible for man to adapt himself to circumstances, and to change a' career merely because its object has been obtained, or has ceased to be worth attaining; and so we find English statesmen defending our claims with the same pertinacity now that they are valueless as they did when they supposed them to possess the most inestimable value. Nor, while we thus reprobate the conduct of our] own statesmen, do we see any reason to speak more highly of that of the statesmen of America. If it be ridiculous in us to cling to this worthless inheritance, is it not equally absurd in them to expend their diplomacy and their casuistry in attempt. ing to eject us from it? If we protect no more the King of MOSQUITO and swelter no more under the sun of Ruatan, what will they have gained or what shall we have lost? Nothing that we know of, except the gratification of. the vanity of the one and of the obstinacy of the other. It,seens impossible that such a difference can really present any serious difficulty. As to the point of honour which is said to be engaged in the quarrel, if honour there be- In adhering to w1atwe-do not want, because somebody else who wants it as little as wo do is seeking to dispossess us, could not the wound to our honour be sufficiently salved by leaving the matter to the arbitration of the Emperor of the FaaENcu, the King of BEaGim, or some other discreet potentate I Certainly, whatever other cause of quarrel we may have, for this, at least, it would not only be an iniquity, but an absurdity, to break off our friendly relations with America. With regard to the quarrel about the enlistment the case is very different. The English Government, it seems, committed an error in seeking to enlist soldiers on the American continent. That error was perceived, promptly retracted, and I candidly acknowledged. It does not suit the electioneering purposes of the American PxAsmmfr and his Cabinet to be content with this ample satisfaction. They seek to push the quarrel fther, and they can do so if they wilL The nation must decide whether or not it will adopt and ratify such a course. On our side the means of pacification seem to be exhausted, and we await without fear, as without menace, whatever it may please the Government of the United States to do, resolved, we trust, to respect the rights of others, but equally resolved to maintain our own dignity and support our own honour.
The return of peace, if it be not merely the cessation of war, presents to most minds a tame and indefinite prospect. It consists in our no longer seeing half-a-dozen columns every day about the 'war; no longer reading about transports and gunboats, about piles of 13-inch shels and medical stores; no longer paying double income-tax, and sending off nephews to the Crimea. When all this bustle is over there remains a blank, which blank is peace, a convenient season for tranquillity and sleep, for the recruiting of the bodily strength, and the saving of pecuniary resources. Ceriainly the dola far vienzte is very pleasant in its way; but a very little recollection is enough to remind us that peace is not a mere negation of this sort. To be rid of one evil in this world is generaly to be delivered to another, or, in scriptural phrase, when the house is swept and garnished, there may very possibly enter " seven devils worse than the first." At al events peace, if not so absolutely demoniacal as war, has its own elfs, imps, and hobgoblins, some harmless enough and even beneficent, others very mischievous. Have we so soon forgotten the soft raptures of peace and the transports of prosperity which half-a-dozen times during the last forty years have led us into all kinds of folies ? Why, it is quite patent, seen, and felt by every man who knows the pulse of the nation, that during these twvo years the war, and nothing but the war, has laid an iron hand on the unruly energies of speculation. But for the war, the wise men of the East assure us we should have had schemes upon schemes of quite as ruinous a character. So, of course, the probability is that, this pressure removed, the whole brood will burst forth. It would be invidious to select where all are admirable and costly, but we have seen the details of one, and that promulgated on no mean authority, that would cost at least as much as a year of the war, and might be quite as unprofitable. But, as peace is undeniably a blessing, as far as it goes, and til it is abused, we will see what good it wiDl do us, and who wil reap its first fruits. Peace will set the builders to work, and upholsterers, and coachmak-ers, and all who minister to wealth. For these two last seasons London tradesmen have complained of customers as few and economical. The days of large orders and lonu credits are now at hand. Peace will probably send a hundred or two more lads to Eton, a few score more to Oxford and Cambridge. Peace may give the Crystal Palace a chance and literature a turn. Its influence on railway traffic and loans is already discounted by a considerable rise. How many more extensions and branches it will develope depends on that unknow,-n quantity called "the wisdom of the Legis"lature." Peace is especially the friend of the arts, and it will be hard indeed if they do not now get a spell of public as well as private patronage. Collections and galleries and all sorts of grand ideas have been hanging for some time, and should now be set going. Invention and enterprise have lately been so occupied in the arts of destruction that we have almost forgotten their more peaceful uses. We shall now hear of other discoveries than the BMiniM rifle, and other devices than those useful for a Crimean winter out of doors. The ordinary branches of manufacture and trade, which have suffered a good deal, will probably take a great start. Cotton, wool, silk, hardware, and aR the old familiar names, will soon show immense figures. One region of the world ought to be now a fine field for enterprise, richer in the precious metals then California itself. The mllions of England and France have been sown broadcast over the East. The shores of the Black Sea, the Bosphorus, and the Levant have been lined with our gold. Turks, Greeks, Armenians, Tartars, Caucasian and Transcaucasian tribes, Jews, and even the Russians themselves, have scrambled for our money. There it all lies, some of it loose as dust in the pockets of savages, some clinched in close veins in the gripe of merchants antl usurers. The commercial amalgam will extract and reduce some of this precious ore, and bring it back to this country. Nor ought trade to rest here. All the East is now opened to us, and it is our fault if we do not make the shores of the Black Sea pay the expense of the war. On the other hand, there are classes and interests and branches of industry that must inevitably lose something by, the return of peace. We should hope that bread and meat and other articles of food will be cheaper, at the expense of the producers. The pleasanRt dream of a quarter of a century of war prices seems to have melted away. The gunmakers and cannonfounders, the arsenals and dockyards, wiRl not be so busy. Sulphur and saltpetre will not be in such request. The Russian trade will return to its old prices and channels, and Prussia resign the profits of neutrality. 3Besides these spontaneous movements, one important question will be forced upon Parlia-ent. It will be called on at once to reduce the army and navy to what has been called a peace establishment, and the demand will proceed from those who insisted on our making peace on any terms. This will mean that henceforth we are not to make war on any terms. But, at all events, let us not be quicker to disarm than we were to arm. It would hardly be becoming, let alone safe. It is the old reproach, and the old danger of a bad cause in unwarlike hands:- " lWy lord, our army is dispersed already: "Like youthful steers unyoked, they take their courses, "East, west, north, south; or, like a school broke up, "Each hurries towards his home and sporting-place." If there be any lesson of this war, it is that we should be always prepared. We have gained some experience, though at a great cost; we have improved our m4dMriel; we have learnt at last that arms are wanted for something more than pitched battles; that officers may have other duties than those of parade; that our artillery may have somrething more to do than breach an old wall, and oar sailors may have more difficult though less imposing work than exchanging broadsides with Spaniish three-deckers. We have found that our military system wanted reformation, ana hai been at last only half reformed. It is discovered that our officeri don'tcommand their men betterforknowing nothing about their profes3ion, and that the men don't fight better for having never fired a shot ; that discipline does not come always spontaneously or tactics by intuition-not, at least, when the pupils are rather elderly, and some time out of work. Now, are we to throw aside all this experience, and let everything return to the old stand-still? Are we, like schoolboys at breaking up, to burn all our books, and forget all we have been at such pains to learn ? In that case we should deserve another war, against a stronger foe, without a good ally, and with worse success. A fool wants warning, but he who won't profit by it is worse than a fool. This war has not improved our position among the nations of the earth. It has published our pretensions and betrayed our deficiencies. We are still the unready Saxons that we ever were, and it is only when we are hard pressed that the Norman blood appears. Trae, we got ready at last, when it was too Late. For the present, we cannot afford to throw away those tardy preparations.
We latelv caUled attention to the affairs of Dulwich CoUege and to the readjustment of its revenue proposed by the Charity Comnussioners. In the course of three centuries that revenue has multiplied tenfold-has become 8,0001., and promises to become very much more, as the neighbourhood is daily increasing in population. The enlargement of the income, however, has not enlarged the sphere of the charity,.the greater part of the surplus being received, not by those whom EDwARD ALLEYN intended to benefit, but by those whom he appointed to administer the benefit. Assuming that the Master and Fellows of Dulvrich College are acting quite legally in thus frustrating the intentions of the founder, an act of Parliament is necessary for the redistribution of the funds; and the question has been very naturallyraised-is it not possible to extend the benefits of the institution, not merely to a greater number of claimants, but also to claimants extending over a wider surface? Shall its sphere of usefulness be still parochial? Shall it be confined to four parishes, as heretofore ?-to one parish because EDWARD AuzxN was born in it-to another because his theatre was situated in it-to a third because it comprehends the manor of Dulwich? What is the parish of St. Botolphwhat is the parish of St. Saviour ? In the days of Ami= his name might be remembered there especially; the parishes were then as distinct as country parishes are now; regularly the boMds were beat; the boys of St. This fought with the boys of St. That as heroically as the borderers of the North fought for the MIarches of the kingdom. A parish was a parish with its own associations and reminiscences; the inhabitants went to the parish church, and were buried in the parish churchyard, the parish priest preaching the funeral sermon, and the sexton telling the history of every skull as he threw it up to make way for the newcomer. Now, in every great town the boundaries of the parish are nought; in London they are less than nought, except for the payment of rates and giving of votes. WVhat is the city of London if we look at it parochially? It is not so much an aggregate of men as an aggregate of houses. The thousands and hundreds of thousands who crowd these streets during the day do not live here; the city of London is, in fact, not so populous as the city of Edinburgh, and there are more Scotchmen in London than there are citizens, restricting that name to the inhabitants of the city. The St. Botolphs and St. Saviours are swallowed up in the great metropolis, and it is- rgn -rme to ask wethe-r- we --o nor snow more honour to EDWARD ATrmE by depriving his charity of its parochial character than by confining its benefits to the four parishes nameed in his will. If he were now living, would he not make his bounty metropolitan, might he not even make it national ? And surely we do all reverence to the intentions of the benevolent foumder of the " GoD's " Gift " when we regard his legacy as of national importance, and, considering how the aspect of city parishes has altered, propose to widen the circle to which its benefits shall be applicable. Now, there is one class of the community which we think has an especial claim on the Colloge of Goe's Gift-the members of that profession to which EDWARD ALLEYTz himself belonged, and by means of which the greater part of his fortune was acquired. We lately published a letter from MIr. BEriAxT WZuBST.E, of the Adelphi Theatre, in which he proposed that indigent actors and actresses should be allowed to participate in the magnificent charity of their brother actor. The proposal has excited a good deal of attention, and we hope that it will be embraced in any scheme that may be devised for the future management of this property. If the mere fact of having been bom in the same parish as ALL= establishes a claim to his generosity, no matter how unsympathetic may be the nature of the claimant, suLrely those who have followed in his footsteps, who share in his sympathies, who embody the characters of the SAsEASRE with whom he associated, who look back with veneration on the 3MALOWE whose plays he acted, who are the successors of His MA&jin3S's servants and the LoRD CAOMERnAINi's servants, who in his time first made the English drama famous,surely those who have cast in their lot vwith hini, and have been as much losers as he has been a gainer, have a double claim to his generosity. They have a claim, too, implied in the very title of the charity. Its name of " GoD's Gift" has reference to the mode of election-two pensioners being chosen by the proper .patrons, and one of these being appointed to the pension by lot. We do not know whether this mode of election is to be retained, but there is, perhaps, no class of the community to whom life is more of a lottery than the theatricaL . We do not by any means mention it to their dishonour; we must take them as we find them, the weakness with the strength, the light and the shadow together. And it is not to be denied that those very qualities which make the artist's natuire perfect unfit it for battling with the world, teach it to depend too much, perhaps, on moods and feelings, the inspiration of the hour, without calculating on to-morrow, without preparing for the evil day. Do not blame them; it is those wayward impulses that goto make up the actor or actress whose splendid personations electrify a theatre. They, above 1ll others, depend upon what in Ah-xY's time was especially regarded as " Go's gift"-the inspiration of the hour, the momentary circumstance; and it is but right that they should be remembered, especially in distributing the bounty of a man who has laid so mu^h stress on the chance movement of a finger, the toss of a shilling, the blowing of the wind, the tonm of a wheel. If this proposal were to take shape, and we have little doubt that it will, 'what woulcd be reasonable to expect in behalf of the poor actors and actresses ? It is not asking too much that one actor and one actress be admitted as indoor pensioners, one actor and one actress as outdoof pensioners; that four children of actors or actresses be placed on the foundation and educated in the -upper school, and four more educated in tlle lower school; the most deserving claimants: to be selected--say, by the members of the Theatrical Funds, as the parties most likely to kmnow their merits.- How miany actors an4 actrwemight we not name who have lived in a&u-- ence and gaiety, whose departure, if it kam not, like the death of GAmxucK, eclipsed the gaiety " of nations," has at least darkened the theatres, to whom a provision of this kind in their latter days would have been an inestimable boon ! It is told of one who suffered from melancholy that he went to the first physician in London for his advice, and was advised to go and see SHWTz act. "Alas ! I am SHunm," was the reply; andit is too often the case that those who provide pleasure for. all the town are unable to make any provision fore themselves. In Palis certain pensions are provide&W for the actors and actresses. Is it not possiNble t do the little now proposed to soothe the declini4 years of those who, perhaps, have done much tg lighten our hearts, to deepen our sympathies, and to exalt our aspirations Y
A Cabinet Council was held yesterday :afternoo4 at the Foreign-office. It was attended by aUl thi Ministers, and sat two hours. NAroNAL GAL.nxn.-Preparations have I-eesL made for the reception of the Roguers' bequest, and for the Iaul Veronese, recently purchased. It i understood that the latter will be placed in thd National Gallery by Monday next; the thred pictures bequeathed by MIr. Rogers, probably today. The arran-gement of pictures accor'ding to schools and periods will, as the collection increases, obviously become less and less practicable in -;hlpresent rooms. It is to be hoped, however, that thd principle of placing newly acquired 'pictures whera they can be well seen will continueto be observed. We have received the Moniteur of yesterday. It does not contain any news of interest. THE M s. -SoumTAxrrox, Jan. 28.-The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship M1adriC, Captain Cook-, sailed this afternoon -with the mails for Vigo, Oporto, Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibraltar; 36nassengers, among whom are Viscount Villa Nova, Dr. Barbeir, and CaPtains Falconer, and Laing; 14,n717. in spedci-viz., for lisbon 11,582?., Cadiz, 3,1135f, and a fnlljgeneral car^go.-The Sultan, Captain EEvans, winth the homew,ard portion of the Peninsnlar mail, is expeted about the lid proxo The Pera, Captain Soy, IS the next ship to arrive'viththeheavyportionof the £adia, China, and Mlediterraneaan naiLs. In consequence of the a 'cidentwhich occurredto thePera'sn-achinery onths outward voyage, as well as her detention at Lisbon, ovnng to the severity oi the quarantine regulations at that port, the arrival of this ship is siot expected until about the 14th of January. The Ava, Captain Field, will afor Gibralar, Malta, and Alexandria, with the outwardportion of tho India, China, and Mediterranea snails. The Royal MIail Company^'s steamship Atrato, Captain Woolley, writh ths West India,7 Mexican, and Pacific mails, is expected about Wednesday or Thursday next The Tyne is pre to convey the outwrard mails to these ports onth i proximo. THE DGB,EA. STE", I"NB ro NEw :YomsASourTHnn'Tou, Jan. 28.-The unfortunatesteamship Belgique stiU lies in the inner basin of the docks at this port. Since her arrival she has been surveyed by Lloyd's agent and others, who have found her condition to be most lamentable. From the careless and improper way in' which the ship appears to have been built it is surprising sbe was kept afloat at all, and the saving of the ship caxn only be attributed to the continued exertions of the passengers in baling out the water night and day lwithout intermissi6n. Some inquiry ought to be instituted into the circumstances under which the Belgique was classed A l at Lloyd's, as it is now stated that the seams and crevices of the iron plates are payed with lead, and this working out has caused the ship to lenk universally. As soon as a graving dock is disengaged the ship is to be docked, and a conclusion will then be ar- ived at whether she shaU be condemned, returned to the hands of the builder, or repaired at this port. The latter operation, if effected, wil be attended with considerable delay and immense expense. The situation and prospects of thepassengers aremostunfavourable. Theyarestillwandering about the port not knowing what to do. The captain can do nothing for them, and refers them to the agents at Southampton; these parties in their tmn referred them to a director of the company (IL Spilliaerdt Caymax), who ham. arrived from Antwerp. and who, on being appealed to, said he could do nothing for them as they were engagedthrounh an emigration agent at Liverpool. lt appears, ao, that the provisioning of the ship had been giv en by contract to the stewpard,and this funetionarysns to-day decltned to issue any more rations. Tus, thiese poor people, betwVeen one and the other, can obtrai no redress. ar. Smith, the emigration officer, has, however, taken the matter in hand, and the passengers have determined to appeal totthe nma istates, not only to recov, r compensation for the dela, they have experienced, but to enforce their beiag eared to their destination, and remunerated for the labourwand hardships they havre nndergone in assistin to- save the ship from foundering. T11E Cos&A=D Mar Smnsasserr CTAr DA.-Iav_ hOOd, Jan. 28.-On her Late ontward passage to Hglifax ia Boston the Canada encountered as severe weather aS it has onr een ba Ie oftheseam estedto meet with. From the' ime of her deha e, on the 22d of December, until her arrval athtaaishe met ith nothing but heavygalesof vvind, accompanied by showners of hail and snow. It isinuch to the credit of her commander and officers that this rvessel held her way, notwithstanding tl:a tempest, although it is scarcely to be wondered at lhen it is remcmncered that only once have these steamers turned hack dri ng the 15 years or so they have crossed the ptlantic. The boatswere Caept from the davits, blown into shivers by the tiolence of the wind, and the bulwarks, funnel, .md riggig hear evidence of the severity of the storm, although on her arrivalain Liverpool she presentedutlittle appedaranceof the damage, comparedwith what was obsertable on her reaching Boston. Sir George Snmpson and the passengers presented. Captain L,ang w ith a vraluable present, in considerati.,n of the seaman. ship he displayed and of his fortitude. i GEAwS-nsX Jan. 26.-At a pensionl of the hon. society of Gray's-inn, holden this day, Hampsen. William WVhitmarab, Esq., and William Audrowrs Holdsworth, Esq., were called to the de,,ree of Barrister-at-Lawv. riDDnLE TEsarE.-Hilary Term, Jan. 26.-The undermentioned gentlemen -were this day called to the degree of the Utter Bar by the hon. society of the Middle Temple :-Robert Marshn Straight nEsq., Henry Gawtress, 13sq., John Diekie, EKsq., Queenl's College, Cambridge; Thomas Henry Derbishire, Bisq,., WVilliam ThomasImage, Esq., B.A, Trinity-hall, Cambridge;- Thomas EByre Foakes, Esq., Henry Gardner, Esq., and John Richard Andrewvs, Esq bvtl EATER 11 TIIE IThITED STATrES.- e are in the midst of an Arctic winter. A "rest snowestorm has whitened the continent. The city of New York-was "snowed in." For a day or two nearly all the ordinary business of outdoor life was suspended. Half a million people went without milk. The city railroads, which are now completed through nearly all the great avenues, were impassable, and a body of snowv twto feet deep lay on the town. For much of thc time during the last four days Fahrenheit's t.hermometer has stood belo zero. There has been muchindividual suffering- but the poor of New york have been well provided for. Considerable damage has been done to our commerce along the coast, and several railway accidents have occurred.-Letterfrum llVcr Yok (Jan. 12). RAnwAY AccIrDNT AT Ms.NCEsTE1R -On Saturday evening, as the 11 p.m. train from Manchester to Altrincham was starting from the Oxford-road station, Manchester, the man whose duty it was to trurn the points so as to admit the train from the platform-siding on to the main line turned the vrong ones, the conseguence of -which was that the train ran into the cngine or a goods train about 40 or 50 yards from the station, 'waithig to come towards Oxford-road 'when the passenger-train had passed. The latter was advancing at the rate of only two miles an hour, or the results might have been extremely serious. As it wvas, Mr. Rogerson, farmer, and llrs. ogerson, of Timperlev, and Mrs. Palmer, of Sale-moor, vwere severely bruised, and the lady firstnamed received so severe a blow on the bead as to induce concussion of the brain. Several other persons were brhised, but Dr. J. G. Harrison vwas immediately sent for, and took every care of the injured perons, who are all expected to recover. RoYAL COLLEGE OF StiGEo.Ns.-Tl1c following gentlemen, havmigundergonethe necessary examinations for the diploma, were admittea members of the Colege at the meeting of the Court of Examiners on the 5th inst.- Messrs.,-Thomas Miles, Islington; Edmnun Lloyd. Richmond, Surey; Eugene Francis O'Leary, anny William Joyce, Blackfordley, Leicester; Samuel Daniel iHine, Nottingham; Gratianus Charles Barry Hart, Bristol- Daniel Shelawell, Shenington, near Banbun.y, Oxon i Alexander Thorburn 3'Gowan, Nev. Galoway, Scotlad ; Maxwell Tylden Mast>ers, Canterbmy; Henry Gibcons, Wolver. halmp ton; Richard Coles, Cerne Abbas, DorsetshireCharles Corbett Blades, Tatt_rsbaDl, Lincolnshire; Henry Penfold, army; Philip'William Freshfield, Hlarwvich; and Frederick Aston Oalree, army. At the same meeting of the Court MNessrs. Edward Pearce and John Frederick Pritchard passed their examinations for naval surgeons. These gentlemen had reviously been admitted mlembers of the Col. lege, their dplomas bearing date respectively June 6, 1845, A?rornEn DEFUIzar ThswsrArxn.-The 'orthJ-e Examiner, a newspaper published in Ncwcastle-or;-Tyne, w*hich tried a twice-a-week cheap issue aud did not succeed, expiredonFriday. The editor in taking fareweliof his readers, says:-" We beg to inform our subscribers and friends that the present number closes the publication of the oforthern Ezaminesr. Since the issue of its first nuonber, in May, 1854, the repeal of the stamp duty has caused an immense number of publications to spamng up on all sides of us, to the great pecumiary injury and detriment of them. selves and the previously-existing journals WV confess that we have no desire to ruin ourselve in the resent race of competition; and, acbordingly, we retire from the contest We have been also induced to take thi step in a great mneasure owing to the above cauese, and; also the present impossibility of any local paper of less than 10yeaa' standing paying its way in Newcastle, where there re nowr no less than eight newspapers publisbed dunrig the -reek. Advertisers cannot be expected to give their announce. ments to every paper ; and the result is, that those'adver. tisements which would stpport four will not support eigiht newspapers; consequently, many of them must be- carred on at a great pecuniary loss to their proprietor We are neither able nor willing to do so in our own case; and the mere especially as w e have too much reason to complain of the miserable pretextamade nse of by sunny _ersoEswIho have done business wth us to postpone, an ltuZl to avoid payment altogether of our3just demands."r EnnxrvM.-Tn anarticle on the Study of ti Civil Law in Oxford which appeared yesterday the cathedral church of "Canterbury`_was, by an error of the .press, asistituted for the cathedral church of " Salisbury." I - - - . I
. THE RUSSIAN ACCEPTANCE The following is a translation of the circuIar isuea by theRismian Government to its diplomatic agents, in which it announces the acceptance of the Austrian proposals. This document is dated St. Petersburg, January19:- "c Pablic opinion in Europe has been stron-gly excited by the intelligence that propositions of peace concerted between the allied Powers and Austria had been transmitted to St. Petersburg through the intervention of the Cabinet of Vienna. "Already the Imperial Cabinet, upon its side, had made a step in the path of conciliation, by ointing out, in a despatch. bearing date tho 11th (23d) of December, published in all the foreign journas, the sacrifces which it was prepared to nise, with a. view to the restoration of peace. This twofoli proceeding proved the existence on eitherside of a desire to profit by the compulsory cessation imposed by the rigoiur of the season on the military operations, in order to respond to the unanimous wishes which were everywhere manijested in favour of a speedy peace. "'In the despatch cited above the Inperial GoMernment hail taken for basis the four points of guarantee admitted by the Conferences at Vienna, and had pro d, with regard to the third point,which had one led to the rupture of the Conferences,-a solttion which differed ratherin form than in substance from the one put forward at that epoch i)y the allied Powers. " The propositions transmitted to-day by the Austrian Government speak of the same findamen)a proposition-that is to say, the neutralization of the Black Sea by a direct treaty betweeii Russia and .the Porte, to regulate by common agreement the anumber of ships of war which each of the adjacent Powers reserves the right of maintaining for the security of its coasts. They only differ appreciably 41fron. those contained in the despatch of the 11th (23d) of December by the proposal for rectifying the frontier between Moldavia and Bessarabia, in excLange for the places on the Russian territory in the actal occupation of the enemy. "This is not the place to inquire if these proposition3 unite the conditions necessary for insuring the repose of the East and the security of Europe, rather than those of the Russian Government. It , sufficient here to establish the point, that at last an agreement has been actually arrived at on many of the findamental bases for peace. "' Due re'ard being had to this agreement, to the wishes ma.qfested by the whole of Europe, and to the existence of a coalition the tendency of which was every day to assume larger proportions, and considering the sacrifices which a protraction of the war imposes upon Russia; the Imperial Government has deemed it its duty not to delay by accessory dicussions a work the success of which would respoitd to its heartfelt wishes. " It has, in consequence, just given its adhesion to the propositions transmitted by the Austrian Go1ernment as a project of preliminaries for negotiaEions for peace. " By the energy of its attitude in the face of a formidable coalition, Russia has given a measure of the sacrifices which she is prepared to make to defend her honour and dignity; by this act of moderation the Imperial Government gives at the same time a new proof of its sincere desire to arrest the effusion of blood, to conclude a struggle so grievous to civilization and humanity, and to restore to Russia 'nid to Europe the blessings of peace. "It has a right to expect that the opinion of all civilized nations wvll appreciate the act."
THE PEACE PARTY AT MANCHESTER. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPL'.) MANCHESTER, MOND,ALy, 11 P.r. The niemsbers for this city, the Right Hon. M. Gibson and Mr. Bright, met their constituents to-night at a soir& at the Corn-Exchange. About 800 persons were present; Mr. G. Wilson presided. 31r. M3 Gansosr addressed the meeting at some length in -indication of the support he had given to the Peace Party in the House of Commons. M1r. Bnrarr followed, in a speech which occupied nearly two hours in its delivery. He referred in detail to the terms of peace which have been accepted by Russia as preIlninaries,expresing hls oplnion that they are in themselves admirable, chiefly because there is reason to believe they will Iead to a pacification. He directed attention to th. -t. bs:i of life, of money, and of material wealth which tho contest has entailed upon the nations engaged in it, and th: addition it has occasioned to the public debt of this country. Mr. BEriht indulged in some bitter attacks upon the press in general-on 27w Times in particular-on account of the comments which have been made in the London and provincial journals upon his public conduct. The meeting was afterwards addressed by General Thompson and 3Ir. Heywood, MI.P. Mr. Cobden was not present.
SECOND EDITION. THE TIMES OFFICE, Twdly Monling. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m.:- The following letter has been received from Constantinople, imder date the 17th:- "The negotiations opened by the Porte to remove the difference between Mr. Murray and the Persian Governmient are now far advanced, and it is thought that in a few days they will be brought to a successful issue. After a Coniference which 3. Thouvenel and Lord Stratford had with the Perian Ambassador at Constantinople, this last despatehed a courier to his Government, and it is hoped that diplomatic relations will soon be re-established between England and Persia. It is unfortunate that a rupture should have taken place at snch a moment, which, in spite of all that has been said about it, had less a political than a personal origin. " The second Conference for the organization of the :Da. nubian Principalties was held yesterday at the residence of the Grand Vizier. Besides the French, Austrian, and English A1mbassadors, and the 3Minister of Foreign Affairs, Prince Callimaki, Ambassador to the Sublime Porte at Vienna, had been invited to assist. The discussion of the first articles has commenced. "The Turkish Ministers and the high functionaries of the Porte were throwvn into commotion some days since by a rather inopportune question, agitated by the delegates of the Protestants, whlo have recently arrived at Constantinople. In the month of November, a Grand Council was held in Paris. The Protestants of London, Berlin, Paris, and America were represented at it. It was decided that a deputation should be sent to Constantinople to deniand from the Sultan liberty of conscience for his Turkish subjects. You are, doubtless, aw are that, according to theKoran, if a Mussulman becomes a Christian, a minister of that worship asks him three times if it be true that he renounces Islamism, and if he repiies in the afflirmative he is liable to the penalty of death-and it is this article of the Xussulman lawthat theProtestantswould wish to have annulled. After a second councilheld some days ago attlieDntchMinister's, amemorial wasdrawn upby the four missionary delegates, and presented to the Grand Vizier, lwho pleaded incompetence, and sent them to the Minister of Foreign Affairs. The missionaries then waited on Funad Pasha, whlom, however, they did not find at the Porte. On the following day, and for some days successively, they repeated their visit, but without suceses. At last they decided on calling at the Konach (hotel) of the Minister. Fuad Pasha, who was awvare of their object, received them with much courtesy, when they handed the memorial to him, praying that it should be placed in the hands of the Sultan. The Minister of Foreigr Affairs was puwzled to know what to say, and exereised all his ingenuity to avoid giving them a categorical answver; and they left his presence without even having got a voucher for the delivery of their letter, and which they had demanded. For the present, I presume, the matter is at an end. Tie newvswvas soon spread amongthe higlhfunctiouaries of the Porte, and produced a disagreeable impression. The object these gentlemeen have in view is, no doubt, most praiseworthy, but the moment is not well chosen. The Turks are not yet advanced far enough to comperhend the necessity of such a reform, and if the mlissionaries knew better the character of the people they have to deal with, they would not, very probably, have taken this step. You can already form a notion of the effervescence ithasproduced on the Turks w ho have become acquainted with it, and I fear that if it were known among the populace a serious agitation would be the result. The Turks will hardly be induced to assent to such a change but with the greatest caution and prudence; and it will require several preparatory measures to lead them gradually and unawares to it. " Mounkis-Pasha, the son of Prince Stourdza, animprovis-.e General, who in the late Councils of War wmas one of the most violent against Omar Psalm, sets out to-day for Erzerouma with a mission from the M1inister of War. "A letter from the Crimea announces that they have commenced blowing up the docks. The labour has been immrense, but the efiorts of the miners have been completely successfuL Rumours of peace had begun to circulate, but the expectation of an approaching campaign was general. It was reported that the centre of operations would be removed from the Crimea, and that all the resources of strategy would no longerbe continued near Sebastopol. All that w-as desired in the Crimea has been obtained-namely, the destruction of the Ru.ssian.&nc.,,rn ,m , na. -ana tre deumolition of SebastopoL " A short cannonade took place between Fort Constantine and thesteam frigates of the ahiedfleet. Iii the camp it was thought that an attack was preparing againstthe northern forts, butthe cessation of the firing aU at once disappointed thegeneral emotion. An experiment as to whether the batteries of Fort Constantine on the sea-side had been dismounted to isierease the fire on Sebastopol was alleed as the cause. A A Greek spy had been arrested, and given over to a military commission. " The cold was still very severe. " The latest intelligence from Trebizond is wvithout interest. Selim Pasha was doing his best to reorganize the com2ms d'arnzc under his orders, and numerous agents were sent round in all directions to purchase provisions. -'The 3d Regiment of the Anglo-German Legion had arrived at Klululee. The 2d is expected." The Isid6pendaimce Belc publishes the following letter, dated Hanmburg, 25th January:- " The English war corvette Driver, which returned to the neutral port of Elsinore on the 20th, from a cruize on the coast of Gothland, without meeting any Russian merchantmen, l-ft on the next day for the N;orth Sea. Two other English corvettes procceded a fev days before in the sanle direction, on their Way home to England. Since the .allied scquadrons have withdrawn from the Gulf of Finland, and thanks to the unusual mildness of the vinter, about a hundred vessels of all nations have succeeded in landing their cargoes at Riga, from wvhence foreign goods are conveyed into the interior of the country. The importation of salt was very coaiside rable. This auticle, which in Selltenlber and October had reached so exorbitant a price that the low-.er orders were obliged to dispense writh it, has since fallen 75 per cent., and vill soon sell again .at its normal price. The merchants of nearly all the nationis of Europe have forwarded to Rigs, within the last 10 days, orders for immense quantities of territorial productions of Russia, which have been long lying in the stores of Courland for want of a market. The .ame activity is also observed at Revel, although on a smaller scale. In the course of a fev days 42 muerchlant. Dien enitered tl-e port with full cargoes on board. They lanided 2,000 lasts of salt, part of lvhicll was inmnediately sent off to Cronstadt. It being custoniary in the Rissian harbomts that two-thirds of the amount of the parchase-money, when the buyers are foreigners, should be paid before the delivery of the goods, coummercial bilLs, mostly dratwn upon St. Petersburg and Moscow, to a very great aniount, have been received at Riga and Revel from all parts of Europe. There is, consequently, at present, abundance of money in the three Russian Baltic provinces." It is said that the dissolution of the Polytechnic Schlool hasbeendecided. The revolutionarychsaracter of the establishment has been well klnown for years, and the students manage to figure in most political demonstrationis. TThat character was shown in a most marked and certainly unpatriotic manner the day of the entry of the Imperial Guard into Paris. Mere military instinct, the esprit de cowps, and admirationfor highs deeds of arms,towhich few Frenclmien are strangers, might, one woulI suppose, have prompted a few- words of applause while all around were giving venlt to a laudable enthusi.sm. Such was not the case, and though the school-of tt. Cyr that preceded them salhted the gallant troops, fresh from the battle fields of the Crimea, the youths of the Polytechnic passed -to a man in the most unbroken silence. Th E mpress, who was in a balcony, remarked the affront thus offered to the army then drawn up in the Place Venddme. A lady standing by observed-" Que votre 3ajest6 n'y fasse pas attention. Les Polytechniques ne sont pas des officiers, ce ne sont que des architectes ! Voilh. nos St. Cyriens ; ce sont eux, apres tout, qui commanderont lea gros bataillons." The School of St. Cyr is to be transferred to Vincennes, the original building not being spacious enough. The pupils destined for mihity engineering are to study in the same place, so that the three arms of the profession wil have their seat at Vincennes. These changes will not take place before two or three months. Madame Billault, wife of the Minister of the lnterior, expired last night, after a long and painful -11ness. The Emperor Yesterday received in private audience- leheomed Djemil Bey; AmbassadofE-x t0ordine r-w and Plenipotentiary of the Ottoman Portei whbo presented to Eis Imperial Majesty a letter from the Sultan, expressng thanks for the grand cross df the Legion of Honour. Mehemmed Djemil Bey afterwards presented to the Elnperor Brigadier-General Sefer Pasha, commniider of the Tiurkish cavalry at Eupatoria. The Emperor and Empress also receivej yesterday several foreigners, who were presented to their imperial Majesties by the Ministers of Prussia, Austria, Brazil, Sardinia, the NetherL:nds, and Wirtemberg. The Monikeur publishes a formal declartion of the Coturt of Accounts, to the effect that after examining al accounts, books, and vouchers, it finds that the general accounts of the public expenditure in 1854 presented by the Administration of Finance are correct. The prospect of peace is aiready beginning to exercise a beneficial influence ori the trade of Pari. The shopkeepers, who had only laid in a limited stock of goods, as their necessities required, are now hastening to renew it, and their orders have iniparted considerable activity to Parisian as well as provincial industry. The manafacturers who were in the habit of work-ing for Russia have of late purchased large supplies of raw materials, to be prepared to meet the demands of the numerous Russian merchants who, after the war, are expected to crowd into the markets. The same cauie has produced an almost instantaneous effect in all the commercial harbours of France. Cotton and colonial articles gave rise to extensive transactions at Havre, Nantes, Bordeaux, and Marseilles. A similar movement took place in all the industrial districts, and buyers at Rouen, AMulhouse, and Roubaix were obliged to consent to an increase in prices, which they had hitherto obstinately refused to concede. The decline is general in all the corn-markets of France. The monthly returns published by the 3oanitetr show an average fall of If. 10c. per hectolitre on the last return. During the week the downward movement made additional progress, and in several markets of Normandy the reaction amounted to 8f., 10f., 11f., and 13f. per sack. In Belgium, since the announcement of the opening of peace negotiations, rates declined on an average 5f. per hectolitre. In Paris very little business was transacted during, the week. The stock of flour exceeds 31,000 metrical quintals, and large quantities daily arrive in the bonding stores by the Western and Southern railways. The best sorts with difficulty obtain IOOf. per sack of 157 kilogrammes, and excellent qualities may be had at from 96f. to 98f. Spanish flour is offered at 92f. Wheat has also fallen about 2f. per hectolitre and a half. Rye is unsaleable. Brewers only offer 24f. perlOO kilogrammes Champagne barley, delivered at Bercy. The price of cattle still keeps high although the markets be abundantly supplied. At the last market of Poissy the delegates of the Prefect of Police selected the animals which are to figure in the procession of the Bceuf Gras, during the approaching three da-ysof Carnival. They fixed on six oxen fed by I. Adeline, in the neighbourhood of Bayeux. The largest of the lot,which is supposed to weighbetween.2,6001b. and 2,800lb.,wasiimmediately christened Sebastopol, and his lieutenants, the two next in order, MIalakhoff and Bomarsund. The wine trade at Bercy was pretty active, but without any abatement of prices, brandies were firm; the Languedoc article at 165f., and the spirits extracted from beet at from 106f. to 107f. per hectolitre. The following are the last returns of the gross receipts of the principal Frenich railways The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 69f. 60c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-EIalf per Cents. at 9Sf. 25c.; and the new Loan at 70f. 35c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,200f.; Great Northern, 900f.; Strasburg, 925f.; iNew shares, 790f.; Paris and Lyons, 1, 192f. 50c.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,330f.; WYestern of France, 798f. 75c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 707f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 597f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 710f.; Bank of Cr;edit Mobilier, 1,450f.; Austrian Railways, 827f. 50c. Cours Authentique.-P.%mis, Jan. 2S.-Cash Prices.-- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 94f. aOc.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (35 per cent. paid), 94f. 75c. 95f. ; ditto Certificates (35 per cent. paid), 94f. 75c. 95f.; Three per Cents., 6Sf. 69f. 10c. 20c. 25c.; ditto first Loan of 18.5 (65 per cent. paid), 692f.; ditto second Lean of 1855 (35 per cent. paid), 69f. 85c. 70f. 69f. E0c. 70f. 70f. lOc. 20c. 1Cc. ; ditto C(ertificates (35 per cent. paid), 69f. S5c. ,0£. GC. S0c. 70f. 70f. 10c. 2Cc. 10c.; ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 6(;J. lOc.; Bank Actions, 3,260f. 3,270f. Cr6dit Fonier, 589f. 57Sf. 50f.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Fouir per Cen;ts., -120f. 4a5c.; ditto Three per Cents., 370f. - ditto Tenths, Four per Cenits., 9.if. 97f. 50c. ; (redit Mobilier 1,4802. 1,455f. 1,450£,; Discoumt Bank, 630f. 635f.; Piodmontese Five per Cenlts., SGf. 60c. Slf.; ditto Three per Cents., 542.£; A:strian Five per Cents., 841;, BelHan Fourand-a-Half per Cents., 95!. l'ente de Naples (Rothsciiild's), 111 S0O i Bmans, 541'; hpasnish Interior Debt, 36q. Exchange on Londonl, at sight, money, 25f. 32Aec.; three months, moneny, 2s2. soc. AUSTRLA. (Foa OUR OWIN CORRBSPON:DEMT.) VIENA, Was. 25. The great question of the day still is-" Will England agree to t':e preliminalies of peace as they now stand, or will she, befor she signs, inisist on a more precise wording of the fifth proposition ?" It was yesterday related in diplomatic circles that the British MIinister at this Court had received a despatch fiom his Government " containing news unfavouirable to the cause of peace," but Count Buol and M1. de Bourqueney still maintain that the British Cabinet camnot, and indeed will not, persist in refusing to attach its signature to a document which, althouighll drawn up in Vienna, was revised and corrected in London. The sigijat-ure of the preliminaries of peace by England is a matter which concerns France rather than Austria, as you will at once perceive by the following brief account of what formerly took place between the three Powers in respect to them. This Government being aware that it did not enjoy the full confidence of British statesmen, forwarded its propositions to Paris. From that citythey were, afterhavingbeen slightlypmodified,sent to London, wlhere some important changes and additions were made. After a complete understanding had been established between the British and French Cabinets, the latter sent back the revised propositions to the Austrian Governuent,at the sametimo stating that they would be accepted by England and France, if previously unconditionally accepted by Russia. The language recently employed by a French diplomatist,when the matter was mentioned in his presence, ran thus .-" The propositions were so thoroughly discussed by the English and French Governments before they were sent back to Austria, that both Powers are maorally boundl to c,nside them conditions of their own maling." In my letter of the 16th your attention was caUed to the fact that the important word "forts" had been omitted in the third proposition, and there is excellent reason for believing that the omission, in aa-far as two of the Powers were concerned, was not purely unintentionaL The stereotype phrase here is, "Our object is to deprive Russia of the power to molest her neighbours, but not of the power to defend her coasts." It is a notorious fact that Russia has nothing but a narrow strip of land (her right to which is more than questionable) to defenxdonthe eastemn coastof thoBlacekSea,butletus, for -the sake of argument, suppose that Aiapa and the other 15 forts are really necessary to the defence o her trans-Caucasian possessions. In the third proposition made by the allies we read, " Consequently maritime military arsenals shall neither be formed nor maintained." According to the diplomatic world, the word "arsenals" was purposely used, because in such establishments the preparations necessary to aggression are made. Does it not follow, as a matter of course, that as the words, "arse-6-UX Inilitaires ma.ritimes" bear no reference to forts like Anapa, Gelendschik, Suchum-Kaleh, &c., they must relate to a place like Nicholaieff, which the Russians themselves have repeatedly acknowledged to be the principal arsenal and dockyard for the-Black Sea ileet. lWhat would Rassia and Austria say if the Western Powers should offer to yield about the forts if the matter of the arsenals was settled to their satisfaction. The copy of the protocol, signed by Count Nesselrode and Count Valentine Esterhazyin St. Petersburg, reached this city, by post, on the 23d, the day before yesterday, and it is related that copies of the document were last night forwvarded to London and Paris by Sir Hamilton Seymour and M. de Bourqueney. Newspaper correspondents now and then manage to acquire information which is calculated to interest Governments as well as the-great public, and such is my case at present. After the fall of South Sebastopol the Russian army was in such a terrible state of demoralization and distress that the whole of the Crimea must have inevitably fallen into the hands of the allies if they had followed up their advantage. The state of things was so alarming, that it was at firsi resolved to evacuate the Crimea immediately, but the allies remained inactive, and two divisions of thc Grenadier Corps had time to make their way to the theatre of war. On the arrival of these prime troops the Russians again took courage, and in a council of war, at wh1ichl the Emperor was present, it was resolved to maintain possession of the Crimnea. The world is much surprised that Russia is willing to conclude peace on such terms, but it will perhaps be less so when it has read the following singular intelligence, whiclh has the merit of being perfectly authentic. No language can describe the sufferings of a part of that Russian army to which was entrusted the defence of the coasts of the Baltic. The gros of it was comiposed of militia inen, who were not only miserably clothed mnd equipped, but literally half starved. The poor w retches were affected by a singular malady. Vast nuunbers of them had the tobsuchlt (raving madness, or, perhaps, deliriumi tremens, is mcant), and they were not relieved from their sufferings iuitil the cruisers of the enemy had disappeared. "The allies, who are the greatest blunderers on the face of the earth, raised the blockade too soon, and the consequielnce was that vast quantities of stores and provisions arrived from Alemcl and Dantsic as soon as their backs were turned." While the unfortunate militia was left to suffer the pangs of hunger, the greatest care was taken to supply the Imperial Guard witlh everything that it could desire. It was further positively stated that the Grand Duke Constantine, " far from tyrannizing over the Emperor, was anxious to obey his orders to the very letter." It would appear to be the interest of all Governl- ments to conciliate their subjects, but this vier. of things-as you are about to learn-does not seem to be in favour here. Not long since I Prince -Nicholas Esterliazy,- who generally resides in Hungary, promised his children to drive them out in a sledge with outriders carrying torches. The Prince was just about to begin his nocturnal expedition when a commissary aTrrived, and informed him that the thing could not be permitted. The Prince replied, that he coultd drirn. s- ,C 1r:e0d -L IIIS owMn property, and prepared to depart, but the commissary called in the aassistance of the gensdarmerie. The numerous attendants of thePrince must lave taken offence at the miterference of the police, for a smart skirmish ensued, which is said not to have terminated favourably for the latter. Whether the heir to the possessor of the seventlh palt of Humngary was able to keep his promise to his children is unknowvn to me, but he is about to come to Vienna to complain to the supreme aitlioiities of the uncalled-for interference of their subordinates. You have already been told that tho gensdarmerie has rendei6d excellent service in Hungary, but the men oftena.buse their powers, and act as they would never venture to do if they were more directly inder the eye of their chief. A Hungarian nobleiian tells me that some. gensdarmes long persisted in crossing his park and a part of his private pleasure grounds, because the i oad was somewhat shorter than the public one, and he could not put a stop to the nuisance until he declared to the officer at the station, that if any gensdarme " out of uniform" again trespassed on his premises he would make a direct appeal to the Emperor. Since time immne. morial, the Austrian Government has been in the habit of meddling in the private affairs of its subjects, and that in a wray of which foreigners can hardly form a correct idea. Some years ago, however, a lady, who was well aware of this " amiable weakness," effectually provided against it, by making the British Government her ally. The thing was thus managed. Mrs. Mary Anne Ertl, the widow of a barrister, in the year 1792 left her whole property in trust to the dean of the judicial faculty, with instructions to form of it a foundation for deserving barristers. When the property had so accumullated that the interest of it should amount to 25,000fL (this wvas tlle case some 10 years ago), the following conditions were to come into force :-on the day that they passed their final exammiation as barristers-at-law, three young men, who had always liad " eminences" (the highest class) during their philosophical studies, and had had "swvhite bals" fiom aU their professors at their different examinations while studying the law, were to receive 5,000fl. each, and 2,00011. during each of the three years next following. After having made the foregoing arrangement, the pradent lady adds, that if the Austrian Government should in any way attempt to meddle or mako in the matter, then the Dean of the Faculty for the time being shall immediately sel the property for the largest sunm that can be obtained for it, which sum shall at once be placed in the hands of the Britislh Government, to be employed by the same for the belhoof and advantage of a certain number of poor Catholic law students. The Austrian authorities have, four several times, attempted "to meddle in the matter," but without success, so explicit is the language of the deceased lawyer in petticoats. The foregoing is taken from the "' Stiftungs-Brief," or Docunient of Foundation. The Catholic Calendar, in which a Protestant with a Bible, a Jew writh a money-bag, a Mussulman with a Koran, and a negro with a fetish, are represented as persons having a religion but no faith, has just been confiscated at the dermand of the Protestants and Jews. Tens of thousauds of copies of the work have, however, already been sold, and if justice were not "one-eyed" instead. of blind, the book would have been confiscated as it left the press. It is credibly related that Austria is about to invite the Bund to accede to her propositions. The old story relative to serious misunderstandings -between the English and French Governments has again been " warmed up" for the benefit of the Viennese gobemoclzhes. It WaS yesterday related that a conspiracy against the Emperor * This nobleman, who is the only son of the reigning Prince Paul, was bionght.up in F.nghnd. Alexander had been discovered, but no authentic information has reached me on the subject. The Corriere Italino learns from Galatz that the following plan for the future organization of the PDanubian Principalities has been presented to Ali Pasha by Lord Redeliffe - "t The two Principalities to form one state, under th3 suL' aittcr of the Sultan. 2. The Prince to be elected for life. The sovereign dignity to be hereditary in his family. 3. The Prince to be a native. 4. The new State to pay tribate to the Porte. The amount of the satne to be settled after the election of the Prince. 5. The new State to have -two Rouses of Parliament. 6. A national- army to be formed. 7. The Porte will continue not to interfere in the intemal affairs of the Principalities.' ( It is "aid that France and the Porte (and Austria) object to the fifth article. The Augsbtrg azette contains a Bavariali leader on the present state of affairs, which deserves notice as it gives great insight into the opinions entertained in the first of the second-rate German States. The following is a brief summary of the article:- "It is true that Russia has accepted the propositions, but it is not certain that slhe has not left open 'some back-door' through which she will manage to escape as she did nine months ago. Both parties have Made very great sacrifices for the sake of peace. The Western Powers, after having waged a bloody and most expensive war, have made extremely reasonable terms, and Russia has coisented to renonice her traditional policy(?) The conditions made by the allies were, for the following reasons, absolutely necessary. The freedom of the Danube would be an, empty phrase without the cession of a tart of the Bessarabian territory, and the neutralization of the Black Sea can only be realized whda Russian ships of -war have ceased to frequent its waters. By keeping her flects out of the Euxine, and razin, her forts on its castecrn coast, the allies only deprive Russia of the power of injuring other nations. The world was long told by Russia that her ships and forts were Aecessary to the,protection of her Circassian provinces, butthe assertion was believed by no one -who knew anything of the real state of affairs. Neither doe jutc nor de facto had Russia aniy other possessions in tlle land of the Circassians thaai thalt narrow strip of land which w-as conmnanded by her forts and blockhouses. A Russian aiever dared to venture oat of range of the guns of the forts, which were only constructed to prevent all trade between the Circassians and other nations.' hVbenever the harvest failed there wvas, owing to the Russian forts and ships, a great dearth in Circassia, but still the pangs of hunger could not break the courage of the gallant mountaineers, and induce them to become the tributaries of the Czar." The honest Bavarian -writer conclides by confessing that the freedom of the Danibe is more especially an Austro-German question. RUSSIA. ll\ have received the St. Petersburg journals of the Sth (20th) of January. The Jour nall de St. Petersbourg publishes the text of the Russian acceptance, a translation of whicl we have already published. ELECTRIC TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (FROM Ot'R OWiN COREnlD^ro -T.s,.) SOUTlAMPTON. TUESDAY MOr.LsG. Arrived.-Firefly, from Swansea; WVonder, steamer, and Jolly, from Jersey. Sailed.-Despatch, steamer, for Jersey; Atalanta, steamer, for Havre; Clara, for Newport; Corsair, for Siuderlaid ; Constanitine, for Shields. LIVERPOOL, TUESDAY MORfNING. Wind, N.W. by W. Arrived.-Robert Kelly, from Newv York ; Allies, from St. Jolins, N.B. Sailed.-Julia G. Tyler, for New Orleams; Pioneer, for New York. Wind NWlV. QUEENSTOWN, iAx. 27. Arrived.-Samuel Morley, jun., anid Desdemona, fron New Orleans; Siflley and Gambia, from Callao. Willd N. W. DUBLIN. J q- "5 Arrived.-Atalanta and Victor, from St. Johnus, New Bruniswvick; Regina, from Athens. Wvind N. W. Arrived.-Trafalgar, from Demelara, for Maryport. (BY susmmmB Al,D BRmiSir TELEGRAPr.) GRAVESEND, TuESDATY, 9.55 A.ar WVind N.W.; tide three-and-a-half hours' ebb; weather fine and frosty. Arrived, Jan. 29.-Julia, from the Cape of Good Hepe. Sailed, 29th.-Symmetry, for Ceylon. DEAI1 TUESDAY, 9.35 A.3L WTind N. Wi; fine. Anchored.-Black Friar, from Moreton Bay, for London. Passed.-Nautilus, fiom London, for St. Kitt's. Sailed.-The Norma, from Sunderland, for New York; WVilhelm Kestre, from Sunderland, for New York; Lisbon, fiom Newcastle, for Constantinople; Plaucius, from Newcastle, for Constantinople; MariaJoseph, from Newcastle, for Cette; Alma, from Newcastle, for Westward; Naiad, from Newcastle, for Barcelona; Venice, from Sunderland, for Charente; Robinson, from Hartlepool, for Hare; Condor, from Leith, for Messina. STOCK EXCHANGE. TUESDAY MORiM-G, 10 6CLOCr Consols for Money ... ... ... 914 to 91; Consols for Account (Feb. 7) ... 91A to 911 Turkish Four per Cent. ... ... 102-S; to 1027
THE ARMY IN THE CIUMEA. _- -. CAMP BEFORE SEBASTOPOLSJAI. 14.' (nror OUR OW CORBR SPONrDNiR.) ' ' TUe demohtion of the docks proceeds.' 7-On Saturetay thL e side of one was blown in. Thkte were U mines, and 8,0001b. of powder were employed. At about half-past I o'clock the fuse was lieited, and the engineer officers ascended the high -round in rear of the docks to await the explosion. -'-Zowng tn the mistake of a subordinate officer in charge of the wires, three of the mines were let off prematurely. Five minutes elapsed, and then the others exploded, not all of them quite simultaneously, but in very rapid succession. The effect *was most satisfactory. To re-construct what was oferthrown would give more trouble than to build a neew dock, for the removal of the ponderous rnbbish' would of itself be an Herculean labour. The quiantity of powder used would suggest the idea of a lirodigious explosion, fragments flying high into the- air, and strewing the land around; but it must'ie remembered th'at the force of these mines is directed laterally, andc its first apparent effeet disappoints expectation. It is only when th'e smoke clears awray, and one beholds the huge Juasses of granite that have been riven from their Beds, that one forms a just idea of the power applied., At the moment of the explosion, however, some -blocks of very respectable size were seen flying through the air, in a direction, fortunately, where their fall was innocuous. Amid and within the gray smnoke a dlist-cloud appeared. There was a tremulousn o- tion of tho ground, and some stones fell off the dockyard rwalL The engineer officers were highly satisfied with the effect produced. Few spect-ators were there, for it is never known beforehand, witlh any degree of certainty, when these explosions are to take place. A few French officers were -present, somnc of them with a photographic apparatus, to catch the effect of tle explosion. The Russian battcries were silent. Shortly after ihe explosion, as I r ode up throughl the Redan, a few shots were fired;`but they were chiefly directed at the French part of t!he town. For the last fewc days the Russian fire has been vcry slack. They have probably found out that they merely wasted their powcder and shot. When the destruction of the docks is completed, wlhich will not be before the end of the month, I hope to send you a detailed sketch of the whole operationis. Within less than 48 hours we have gone the round of the seasons. Saturday was a summer day. At noon, in the hollow of the Woronzoff-roadi and in the Karabelnaia the sun was, wvithout exaggeration, hotter than would be considered altogether'plens3nt in any season but wrinter. The breeze was ioft, the afternoon balmy and beautiful. Sunday wasushered inby heavyrain, aregular Crimean torrent, plashing down upon our hut roofs, soakingu our tents, penetrating oiur stables, and saturating our shivering horses. Truly, a most dismal sabbath; very few morning visits were paid, and waterproofs and high boots wvere the fashion of the day. Some time after nightfall the rain vas exchanged for snow, and then it froze, the wind having veered round to the north. This morning the thermometer stood at l1 deg. Fahrenheit-21 deg. below freezing point, and a variation of 43 dog. within about 24 hours. It is now afternoon, and bitterly cold. lMy ink4 which was frozen hard this morning, congeals inl the pen as I wvrite, and is now thawing within six inches of the fire, but water, a foot further off, is loath to be dissolved. The Xeen blast cuts one's ears off as one meets it; fuel is in great request, and'soldiers on sentry look blue and disconsolate. Sharp work for the Russian videttes oi1 yonder: frosted heights. At 1 p.m. the thermometer marked 15 deg. in a rather sheltered situation. The roads, whicli yesterday vere sheets of water, to-day are sheets of ice, and it is mortal peril to ride an miroughed horse. Furs. sheepskins, andi warm clothiuz of evory lind are at a promium,; beards are masses of ice, and your best friends pass you unrecognized, muffled to the eyes. The sky is clear, and a cold sun casts a bright gleam over the wintry scene. It is of little avail in tempering the Siberian blast that howls and whistles over thecse inclement heights. I have received letters from Kertch up to :the 8th inst., but they contain little of inlterest. Tip to the 7tl the bay remained frozen and the ships icebound, but on the evening of that day a thaw set in, attended with rain; the snow disappeared, and the ice began to break up. There had been if equent reports of a Russian attack, and on Christmas Day, O.8., (Sunday, January 6), the troops were under arms before daybreak. No enemyappeared, and they returned to their quarters, but were disturbed anl turned out, while cl irch service -was peiforming, by the appearance sf the Cossacks, who hover about the neighbourhood, burning what little there remnains to destroy. It wvas reported at Enrtch that Lord Paanmure had sent General Vivianu information of an intended attack. Be thaf as it may, it is believed that an attack is .hardly possible now that the thaw has come, for the Russians could not nmove their artilleryi The lines anld fortifications of Kertch advance'rapidly towards completion, and are representd - to be ve-ry strong and to aflord an abundant guarantee against the success of an attack upon the place. At Yenikale the English officers were struggling against the weariness of wvinter quarters. Private theatr:cals vere getting up, and coursing was the- faslhionable sport of the day. Hares were at first very numerous, but their numbers were diminisiing, owing to English greyhounds and Tartar gtunis, and a hare was worth 5s. in the Kertch market. ' Christmas festivities are now pretty -eai at an endin the camp before Sebastopol. Dinnerpartieslately very frequent-are now comparatively rare; in many cases from the exhaustion of supplies. Good though the rations be, it is beyond.th-e'ggernus of our Crimean Vatels to concoct from them :a banquet to which it would be agreeable to invite A party of friends. Hospitality waits the arrival of ships. " I want you to come and dine with me," one hears a man say, " but I have nothing left to eat, and must wait tri the Tartar arrives at Balaklava," the said Tartar being a ship shortly expected laden with eatables and drilkables. The rapidity with which everything of the ind is snapped up on arrival is something wonderful; and, inless one has 'an agent on the look-out at Bal.klava, one risks finding an empty hold. Transports arriVing from Constantinople are boarded and. taklen by storm, and plusers and masters must make very decent profits by the sale of butter, cheese, jams, wines, brandy, and other articles. For their live stock they might obtain any prices, but they seldom can be induced to part with it. I heard of hungry wariors, on New Year's-eve, offering guineas for geese; and offering in vain. Poultry of al'kinlds is very scarce up here at present, the cold naving played'. havoc in our -pens.> - oreover, I grieve to say that the morality of the camp is not - rigidi in the article of fowls, and the lamentations f ill-used' smnall proprietors, -whose chickenshave vanished in the night, and,whose ducks have departed-perhaps in -quest of witer- are frequent and piteous to listento.' Of fresh eggs, which were a great resource last mmer, there, ofcourse,' are none at this season; and milk, -which used tobe supplied to many nesses by goats, and here and there by a milch cow, is now ext.Semely scarce.' Preserved milks are 'used, but not to any great extent, nor are they generally satisfactoty, al- though I . have m et with one very good IiieparaII tion, called Grimwade's desiocated mik, irhich, in the for'm of a white powder, serves when:put into the. tea both as sugar and milk. This Crimean campaign will give to m any persons dietW liabita 5
GENERAL ORDERS. GEN'ERAL AFTEXORDER. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Jan. 11. The principle upon which the non-commissioned officers sad men are taken from their regiments, to be attached to the Land Transport Corps, is the foUowing :-That the men, both of regiments and land Transport Corps, attached to a division of the army, shall be formed into a regiment of about 800 men, to be commanded by a field officer; that this Regiment of Land Transports shall be under the orders of the General of Division; that non-commissioned officers and men wiU still reckon their service for pension, and rejoin their regiments in case of the dissolution of the LAnd Transport Corps; that they will receive a higher rato of pay, be liable to be sent back to their regiments, and be subject to courts-martial and regimental punishment by the field-officer in command. The Generals of Divisions and field-officers of the corps will enforce the utmost strictness of punishment for offences on duty and when in charge of horses, carts, and provisions. Although it will not usually he necessary for the General of Division to interfere in the details of this regimental discipline, yet, the Land Transport Corps attached to his division will be as mluch under his orders as a regiment, will be ineluded in his morning state, and subject of course to his parades and inspections. He wil liave the responsibility of mnaintaining it in proper order, both by his own superintendence and the demands which he wil make upon the Director-General for its efficiency in all respects. The Director-General, in complying, with these demands, will 3e at liberty to examine into and report upon circumstances which may have caused any unusual loss or damage. The Generals of Division and the Director-General of !ransuort will communicate direct with each other, without necessarily going through head-quarters, though reference can be made on ail questions of doubt. The officers of the army who volunteer for the Land Transport Corps will not be appointed finally until it is known that the service suits them, and that they suit the service; they wfill finally leave their regiments and be conmuissioned to the Land Transport Corps. It is proposed, subject to confirmation from England, that the pay of those officers going from the army should bse as follows :-major, It. per diem; captain, 1.5s., anrd a contingent allowance of 3s. 6d.; adjutant, 12-.; lieutenant, lOs.; regimental quartermaster, Bs. 6d.; cornet, 7s.; regimental sergeant-major, 5s.; troop sergeant-major, 4C5.; sergeants, 3s.; corporals, 2s.; privates, Is. 6d.- besiides the usual field allowances and free rations allowed 5y Goyermnent to this corps. The above regulations must, af course, interfere with the non-commissioned officers and soldiers who have been previously attached to and promoted in the corps; the pay of each rank of those attached must now be similar. The Land Transport Regineout will be rationed by the commissariat of its division, they will be paid hr a paymaster of the Land Transport Gorpxs, they wil be clothed tor the present by thir cx!anents, except in any extra article& furnished for the special dtity of the corps. There may arise difficulty or misunderstanding at first in new arrangements, but the Commander of the Forces trusts that all ranks will carry on this important branch of the senice with no other feeling than that of their best assistance to each other, the object being that the Land Transport Regiment shall identify itself with its division, and that a mutual interest in good conduct and efficiency shall insure the regularity of supply to their comrades. When a division is fighting, the duty of its Land WxansportRegiment isso important with regard to the close supply of ammunition and the removal of the wo,unded, that the officer in command will find his proper place to be near his General, and he will also find that the good qualities of his officers and men for coolnest steadiness, activity, and courage will be as much required and as much valued as the exertions of their comrades in frout. By order, C. A. WINlDHAX, Chief of the Staff. GENERAL ORDERS. Head-quarters, Sebastopol. Jan. 12. No. 1. The Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief has been p:eased to grant leave of absence, at the recommendation of nedical boards, to Lieutenant-Colonel Egerton, S9th Regimcent, to the 19th of February; Lieutenant and Adjutant Sanders, 30th Regiment, to the 20th of June; and, for the recovery of his health, to Surgeon Crosse, 11th JIussars, to the 2Tth of January. No. 2. The following appointments to the Land Trans. port Corps are made until Her Majestys pleasure shell be knowni :-To be Cornets,-Regimental Sergeant-major Matthews, 1st Dragoons; Sergeant G. Ramsey, Royal Artillery; Sergeant T. Richie, Royal ArtiUlery; Sergeant George Tasker, Royal Artiery; and Sergeant A. Shackelton, Royal Artillery. No. 3. Leave of absence is granted, at the recommendation of medical boards, to Lieutenant Wield, 95th Regiunent; Surgeon Mackinnon, 21st Regiment; QuarterImaster G. Donnelly, Land Transport Corps; AssistantComnmissary-General J. Lundy,-to proceed to England. 'On arrival they will report themselves to the Adjutant. General. Captain Isaac, 82d Regiment,-to proceed to Malta On medical certificates, to Captain Travers, Royal Arillery, to the 15th of Febrnary; Lieutenant Rising, * 77th Regiment, to the 31st of JanuaTy; Assistant-Surgeon Perry, Scotch Fusileer Guards, to the 25th of January,-to proceed to ScutarL On urgent private affairs to BrigadierMajor Pretyman, 33d Regiment, to the 26th of January; Captain Baillie, 44th Regiment, to the 25th of January; surgeon Walshe, Royal Artillery, to the 29th of February; Lieutenant Trent, 38d Regiment, for 14 days fromthe date -of embarcation. No. 4. A imedical board will assemble to inq-sire into the state of health of Deputy-Assistant Commissary Hodds. The principal medical officer will be pleased to give the necessary directions. No. 5. Lieutenant Heywood, Ist Regiment, being in comnand of a company, may draw field allowance and forageas a captain from the 4th of January. No.6. Lieutenant and Adjutant Heywood, 2d battalion, Mifte Bfigade, having one charger at the public service, foiag, may be drawnx for him. llQ. 7. the following officers of the Royal navy may draw forae for horses until further orders :-Captain Burnett, RoyA avy, for one horse; Commander Lacon, Royal mavy, forone horse. No. . he Commander of the Forcea has been pleased to approve of the issue of additional pay at 6d. a-day to fonr moldiers employed tunder the wharfinger at Sutari, from the 21st of December, 1855. By order, C. A, WfIDDHA, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Jan. 13. No. 1. Those corps, regiments, and individuals, who may iaze purchased b;1t or other animals from the Land Transport, and who have not paid for them, are requested to tramit the money to thei chief aCcountant at the headqarters of the corps, near tha stationary engine, on or before the 25th of January. No. 2. The following officers are appointed instructors of mAusketry until further orders .-Ist Bripde, 1It Divibion, Captain Hon. L Mostyn, Scots Fusileer Guards, 3s. 6d. a- day; 2d Brigade, lst Division, Lieutenant Haslett, 13th }Ieginient, 2s. 6d a-day; Ist Brigade, 4th Division, Ensign Presgrave, 17th Regiment, 2s. 6d. a-day; 2d Brigade, 4th DivWon, Lientenant Palliser, Ist Battalion Rile Brigade, 2s. Cd. a-day, from the 13th of January. No. 3. The following offioers are appointed to act as a 4Committee of Paymasterliup to the 56th Regiment :-Major .acey, Captain Anderson, and Brevet-Major Bull. - No. £ Leare- of-a&en is granted, oil urgent private affairs, to Brevet-major the Hon. E:. Massey, Deputy-Assistant Adjutant-General, to the 31st of January. No. 5. 3Medical boards will assemble to inquire into the state of health of Paymaster 3atthews, 57th Regiment, and Assistant Commissary-General Darling. The principal medical officer will be pleasei to give the necessary direc. tions. Nfo. 6, The following offic¢ers, having left cdargers at the public service, forage may be drawn for thema:-LieutenantColcnel Coodwyn, 41st Regiment, for one charger; Surgeon Crackcer, Second Battalion, 1st Regiment, ditto. By order, C. A. WIlNDRIAM, Chief of the Staff. Camp before Sebastopol, Janm 14. No. 1. The following promotions and appointments have taken place in the Medical Department of this army:Staff-Surgeon, FirstClass, T.G. Logan,toboDeputy-Inspector General of Hospitals, Dec. 21,1855; Surgeon John Bent, from the Royal Artillery, to be Staff-Surgeon, First Class, Dec. 21, 1555; Assistant-Surgeon T. Park, from the Royal Artillery, to be Staff-Surgeon, Second Class, Jan. 31, 1855, Acting-Assitanit-Surgeon Willian Morris to be AssistantStaff-Surgeon, dated Jan. 31,1855; Assistant-Staff-Surgeon Thomas Jerram Orton, to be Assistant-Surgeon Royal ArtiUlery, Dec. 21, 1855 ; Staff-Surgeon, Second Class, H. C. Walshe, to be Surgeon, Royal Atillery Dec. 21, 1855 - First-Class Staff-Surgeon Bent wl jointheFourth Division; Second-Class Staff-Surgeon G. W. Powell has rejoined this army from the 10th inst. ; Surgeon Briscoe, Royal Artillery, will take charge of the Right Siege Train; Assistant-Surgeon Tydd, 58th Rcgiment, wil take charge of Captain Pigou's Small Arm Brigade. No. 2. The general court-martial, of which Brigadier. General Ridley is president, will reassemble at head-quartes at 11 a.m. to-morrow, No. 3. All officers are desired to complete themselves with pack saddles and field equipment with as little delay as possible. General officers will be so good as to see that this order is attended to in their respective divisions. No. 4. Captain C. S. M'Alester, 46th Regiment, is an pointed to act as a Provost-Marshal of this army, with the nsual pay and allowances, from this date. Captain M'Alester will re'aeve Captain Macbean, 92d Regiment, in the charge of the passport office at Balaklava, No. o. Captain F. Macbean, 92d Regiment, is placed upon the staff of the army until Her Majesty's pleasure is known, and uill nct as Deputy-Assistant Adjutant-General or1 Deputy-Assistant Quartermaster-General, as his services may be required. Captain 3acbean will proceed to Scutari for duty at that station. m No.n . Qa3rternsaster O'eara, 17t Lancer,a havin ten-i dered the resignation of his comnision, is permitted to return to England. On arrival he will report himself to the Adjutant-General, Horse Guards. No. 7. Leave of absence is grantecd at the recommenda'ion of a 31edical Board, to Lieutenant C. H.and, 63d Reg>iment, to 'arch 15, to proceed to Malta on medical certificate, to Lieutenant Hamilton, 97th Regiment, to Feb. 15, to proceed to Scutari; on urgent private affairs, to Surgeon Fraser, 2d battaion, Rifle Brigade, and to Paymaster Ml'Mullen, 48th Regiment, to Feb. 29. By o-der, C. A. WIN )HAM, Chief of the Staff.
STATE OF TURKEY. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESMONDENT.) CONSTANTINOPLE, JAX. 17. The stormi caused by the fall of Ears has blown over, but the agitation in the Turkish Government has by no means subsided. Everybody feels that at the present moment, when so many grave and difficult questions concerning the very existence of Turkey are to be discussed, and when the approaching campaign ought to strain every nerve and arouse every energy, it is of vital importance for Turkey that the direction of her affairs should be in the hands of a strong, united Mlinistry. The present M1inistry could never be anything more than a Ministry of transition; it was a child of circumstance, and is not based on unity in ideas. There is, perhaps, not one of the questions to be decided upon of which the members of the M3Sinistry would take the same viewr. Thus, the life of this Ministry is a series of compromises, a continual internal struggle of pretensions on one hand, and of concessions on the other. The Ministry itself seems not the least to recognise its untenable position, and friendly interviews, proposals, and combinations have become the order of the day, but hitherto without success. Two combinations are spoken of as the only possible ones-the first, with Mehmed Kibrisli, formerly ambassador in England, and late Grand Vizier, at the head of it; the other a purified Redschid Ministry, which would comprise in it new fnonfAXt, -a3ll kI-O bn-E hithm-o unrioa L.41o MIinistry, because not pliant enough. It is useless to disguise it, that as things advance it seems every day clearer that for the present Tuirkey po.s,e-ses only one man capable of formnc a Ministry one in idea, and this is Reschid Pasha. Whatever his faults be, he has the most comprehensive views, while, on the other hand, his character holds Just the middle between subserviency and too unbending independence-a point not to be overlooked in the present delicate relations of Turkey vwith the Western Powers. The difficulty which opposes itself to the formation of a Ministry under him arises from his determination to be independent of the whims and fancies of the Court party, a determination as natural as it is difficult to realize. He wants to put an endto that idealism which had hitherto the tendency to reproduce itself in every Adninistration in Turkey-namely, the struggle between the civil and the military part of the Government, andto form anAdministration with real solidarity among its members, who ol c inabody. this chiefwo would act lVhthe ths ciefdifficulty, which is in the way of the formation of the Redschid Ministry, will be removed or not, nobody can say; but there is less probability just at present for it than for the formation of a Ministry under Mehmed Kibrisli Pasha. The former Administration of this latter coincided with the time when Turkey showed the greatest energy in the Danube campaign, so a new MIinistry under his guidance would give, at any rate, hopes for the vigorous prosecution of the war and the development of the military resources of Turkey, which have been hitherto sadly neglected. In the meantime the idea is gaining more and more ground that Turkey alone can carry on a defensive wvar in Asia. I will not now enter on the truth or falsehood ot this idea, but only refer to the necessity of carrying on an energetic offensive war in those parts. The reasons for an offensive warfare are twofold-military and politicaL As regards the first, one look at the frontier between Russia and Turkey will decide the question. Russia, withher usual cleverness, kept onthis side more than on any other a good military frontier in view, -which would give her every facility for an offensive warfare, while it raised great difficulties for the defenders. She has most completely succeeded, and had the Crimean campaign not so entirely monopolized her attention and her energies she would long ago have availed herself of these advantages. She possesses in Akalsik the key to the mountains of Lazistan, in Guiri a tftede pont nearer to Kars and Erzeroum than Trebizond, the base of operations of the Turkish army, and, lastly, she has in the mountain chain of the Ararat a highroad into Kurdistan. Instead of recognizing those immense advantages which throw open to Russia the eastern provinces of Turkey, and adopting a plan of operations calculated to counteract them, the Turkish Government and its commanders followed old tradctions, although the last campaign with Russia ou,ght to have opened their eyes to the folly of these antiquated notions. They fortified Ears, and tried to establish a base of operations in ErzerOUin. A1l this was. done from a mistaken idea of a defensive warfare, the favourite tabia mania, or rage of intrenchments. Without knowing, they adopted thus not the boldest, but the rashest course. They pushed forward the best part of their forces into an exposed position, where they had, even if left quiet by the Russians, the greatest difficulties to keep the army supplied, and wnere they were nearlv six months in the year cut off from all communication with the sa by Trebizond. The wonder is, not that Kars has fallen, but that it has not been taken sooner, and if that self-same defensive line is persisted in Erzeroum is sure to fall next year. This must be a consequence of the gross neglect of one of the first axioms in strategy, which is to choose the near-t and easiest base of operations. In a warfare in Asia, as the Turks can carry it on now, the real base of operations must be always the sea. It is useless to talk of forming one- in Erzeroum or any other place in the interior, where everything-soldiers, guns, ammnunition, provisions, arms, and all the other necessaries of an armny-has to be sent from Stambeul or Roumelia, and as on as the channel of communication is the road from Trebizond into the interior over the Kara Dagh, which, even with the bestroads in the world, would be shut up in Winter. It is this difficulty of guarding the Turkish frontier on this side which nakhes an offensive warfare necessary now that the Russians show an inclination to take advantage of this well. chosen military frontier. The laet Trebizond steamer, which came in too late for the last post, has brought no news, except that Omar Pasha and his army are expected in that place. The news of the destruction of the fortifications of Kars and the withdrawal of the bulk of the Russian army is confirmed. The communication with Erzeroum is still all but interrapted. The day before yesterday the 2d Regiment of Light Infantry of the German Legion arrived at Kululee on board the Imperador. The third is shortly expected. You mention in one of your papers, lately arrived, the police measures taken in Berlin to stop the collection of books for the benefit of the German Legion There is another subject concerning the interests of the German Legion to which I should like to draw your attention, and this is, their correspondence with their families. No arrangements have been made in this respect, and the greatest difficulty consequently prevails for these poor fellows to communicate with their relatives. The difficulty is not so great as concerns sending their letters from here, -as the other way, although no satisfactory arrangement has been made even in this respect, yet there are charitable souls who take the trouble to forward their letters, buthowshould theirfamiliesknowwhere to address and how to send letters from Germany ? The simplest plan would be, of course, to conclude a postal convention with the German Courts, but it is not very likely that this could be effected in the present instance, owing to the absurd animosities entertained by these potentates against those who enlisted. Nothing remains, therefore, but to appoint somebody in England,who would take charge of the letters comiing from Germany, and forward them as well as those coming from here to Germany I don't think this plan would offer anydifficulties; while, on the other hand, it would give great comfort to the soldiers of theGerman Lgion, who at present are deprived of the means of communication with their homes. Yesterday the second, or, properly speaking, the first, real conference took place on the Fourth Point, namely, the rights of the Christians in Turkey. You will be rather surprised to hear that the Sardinian Minister is excluded from these counsels, on the plea that these conferences being a kind of corollary of the Vienna Conferences, Sardinia, which was not represented there, ought not' to take part in these either. These are not times for paltry discussions about first-rate and second-rate Powers; Sardinia has sent very few or rather no ultimatums, which seems to be the idea attached to the extent of the duties of a first-rate Power in Central Europe;; but she has sent her soldiers to fight side by side with the Western Powers for Turkey and Europe, and thus contributed more to the real solution of the Eastern question than the whole of Central Europe taken collectively. Why shouild, then, not the antiquated idea of first and second rate Powers, as it existed hitherto, be waved, since in reality it no more exists, and Sardinia be admitted to the conferences for the object of which her sons are shedding their blood and spending their money? It may be against all precedents and fil with horror the narrow hearts of diplomatists, but I strongly suspect justice and common sense in England will speak for the just claims of Sardinia in this respect. I hear that the Sardinian Minister intends to protest against the conferences. The last mail to England did not leave this until Tuesday morning. Just when it was on the point of being despatched-in fact, when the bags were already sent on board, the mail from England came in, and in consequence of this the mail going out wasdetained till the next day in order to give time for the ambassadors to answer their letters. This morning the news arrived that the steamer which took it is a-ground in the Dardanelles. The Apollo, an old English frigate, now used as a troopship, is a-ground near the same place, as likewise a large French vessel. The two latter went ashore in the snowstorm which raged in these parts on Monday and Tuesday last. The captain of the Apollo, when he saw that his vessel was on shore, went down distracted to his cabin. The steward, who saw him, was so frightened with his appearance that he went to the doctor to induce him to see the captain. The doctor went, but returned a short time after with the remark that nothing was the matter with him. A quarter of an hour afterwards a strong smell of gunpowder was perceived, but, o01 --t v- -4o--n no report was heard ; the steward, however, went do to the cabin, and found that the captain had blown out his brains. The Post-office has begun to issue money orders, according to the regulations given by the Postmaster-General. It seems that it will work well, for though to-day is only the second day and the circumstance is not yet generally known, still a good number presented themselves for money orders. The Crimean mail has come in this morning at 9 o'clock.
COVENT-GARDEN THEATRE. The "W Wizard of the North," pausing (for a weelk, it is said) from the toil of enacting Rob Roy, revived last night his magical entertainment, with a singular modification, as a prelude to the pantomime. After he had performed some of his best tricks-producinglive pigeons from a cauldron of w,ater, treating the occupants of the. p it to every variety of liquor out of an empty bottle, making tables " rap " at the word of command, and conveying watches into the innermost of a nest of boxes that had hung from the ceilng during the previous part of the evening at a height beyond the reach of confederate bands-he was suddenly interrupted by MIr. Leigh MIurray, who, stepping upon the stage, ressed in imitation of Mr. Charles Mathews, very cleverly imitated that excellent comedian in voice, air, and gesture. The " Wizard" feigned astonishment at the intrusion; but MEr. Muray asserted that he was come to rival him inthe artof legerdemain, and performed severalburlesque tricks by way of carrying his avowed intenton into effect. He also recited a verse of the" Ratcatcher'sDaughter," soas to make it an imitation of Mr. Charles Kean's style of declamation, and copied the "Wizard" himself in the character of Rob Roy. After a certain amount of badinage, verbal and practical, had passed on both sides, the thue and the false conjurer embraced each other, and the curtain descended on their protestations of friendship. This medley of magic and mimicry is obvnonsly intended as a retort on the Great Guan Trick> at Drury-lane, in wvhich Professor Anderson is imitated by Mr. Charles Mathews. On this account certain passages were construed into personal allusions bya large portion of the audience, who hissed lustily, while a still larger portion essayed to overwhelm the demonstration by shouts of applause. For our own parts, we do not see that either the original wrong or the retaliation need awaken any ill-feeling between the partisans of the tvo theatres, or that the work either of the Juvenal of Drury-lane or the Persius of Covent-garden need be regarded as anything beyond aChristmas pleasanthy, contrived for the purpose of developing an imitative talent. Where the thrust of a strawv is retaliated by the stroko of a feather he must he athin-skinned Mercntio who gets wounded, even in temper, in the course of a scuile between two rival houses.
THE EAST INDIA CIVIL SERVICE AND HAILEYBURY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your paper of the 24th inst., after mentioning Rugby, Merchant Taylors', Winchester, Harrow, and Eton schools as sending up successful candidates for the exanmination for the East India civi -rvice and Halleybury which took plaee this month, you stat that "'some other school" sent up a successful candidate. One of the successful candidates, with four day.? preparation, was a Royalist, or Foundationer, from Kiing Edward's School, Bury St. Edmlund's. Bv insertine this vron will much oblie vour Iobedient servant, _ -_ A. EL WRNTSAWJ -- neaa aLaster ot . mg Loward's ;:iOllo, Burv St. Edmund's. School-hall, Bury St. Edmund's, Jan. 26.
TO THE EDYTOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I have just read the letter of Mr. Smyth in .27we 2'imes of to-day, respecting a practice whichhe thinks somewhat common of post-office officials opening letters in their transit through the office; but, though we have just had a lamentable instance, still I would beg to assure him that it is not so common as he ima&ines.. eany letters ace comm.tted to the boxes unsealed; still more are so badly sealed that they come open in the course of sorting ; and snmany cae the envelope is too small for the enclosure and bursts open. If a letter is not carefully and wrell sealed many reasons ay be nassigned for its being received in a state ccalcuated to induce the belief that it has been ooened. I am. Sir. vourobedient servant. A POST-OFFICE CLERK. J au26.
ITHE LITTLE BUSTAID. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TEM . Sir,-In passing through Alford, in Lincolnshir6 a few dali ago I observed a very beautiful femnale speciinen-of this bird stuffed in a draggist's shop; upon inquiry I ascertained that it had been shot a week or two before at Bilsby, nearthat town. As Ihadpreviously.thoughtthatthis bird rlnow auite extinct in these islands, I hz.ve determined to snd the youfor publication for thm information of those naturalists who are as ignorant as myself. Your obedient serrant. OBSERVER.
FOREIGN INTECLIGBNCE. - -RUSSIA. (FROM OuR. FRRLUr OomREPOFDXNT.) [A portion of the following &ppeared in cur second edition of vesterd"v!-1 BERIJN, JANe. 26 Letters frQm Warsaw speak of the satisfaction felt in Poland at the n6mination of Prince Gortschakoff to succeed Prince Paskiewitsch in the offlce of Viceroy, which, though not officially announced, is looked on there as certain; he was formerly Military Governor of Warsaw and is believed to understand the people and the country thoroughly. It is furthermore generally understood that this choice of a successor has mainly emanated from Prince Paskiewitsch himself, who is on terms of intimate friendship with the present Commander-inChief in the Crimea. To complete the state of misery into which the poorer classes of the population in Poland have sunk since the commencement of the war typhus has broken out among them, probably in consequence of bad or insufficient food, and is carring off numerous victimns. Letters from the Baltic provinces speak with great satisfaction of the prospect of approaching peace, but do not by any means indulgo in t]he confident hope of its being certainly realized at the forthcoming conferences. For the Present the aspect of things there is particularly military, from the immense number of troops stationed there. The deep snow and the hard frost have of late been very serviceable to the Russians in enabling them to convey heavy guns on sledges to the different batteries that have been erected of late. We extract the following from a letter in the Collstisetimirn, dated "ST. PETERSBURG, JAN. 19. "During the whole day on the 15th and on tho norming of the 16th (January) the telegraphic wires between St. Petersburg and Vienna were in continual play, conveying to and fro communications of the highest interest. An attach6 of the Foreign-office assures me that Prince Gortschakoff kept sending the most alarming despatches. 'He had sounded,' he said, 'the intentions of the Vienna Cabinet, and Austria was resolved to remain frm to the terms of her vdtimatum. Her conduct was approved by all the secondary States of Germany, who were an7dous for the restoration of peace, and who regarded the ambition of Russia as a perpetual menace of collisions and disorders.' "These'despatches (adds the Constitultionnelscorrespondent), terminated invariably with words to this effect:- ' 'I foresee the most serious complications for us if we continue the war; I supplicate your Majesty to adhero to the conditions proposed, all EUrOPe pronounces itself against Russia; it will go every length to assure peace."' A telegraphic despatch, dated Konigsberg, Jan. 27, says:- "Prince Gortschakoff, the Commander-in-Chief in the Crimea, arrived at St. Petersburg on the 24th of January." STATE OF NAPLES. (FROM OIlx OWN CORRESPONDENT.) NAPLES, J.r. 17. It is a striking fact that, after all the reports which have becn circulated about " new ways," new Mlinisters, and an amnesty, no.Ministerial appointments have been made, nor has a single criminal been liberated. This latter circumstance is such a departure from the usual practice on His Majesty's birthday that the surprise is universaL Tt appears very clear to me that the policy of the Court is not to take any decided step whatever, either at home or in its foreign relations; to wait for the further development of events to determine its conduct, and according as they may turn out to assert and maintain the despotic princple here or to make a merit of relaxing the system. Perhaps I am borne out in my explanation by the history of the Government during th past year. As long as the allies were foiled in their attempts on Sebastopol nothing could be more Russian than its sympathies, and the efforts to suppress any manifestation of feeling in a contrary sense are matter of history; but as soon as the star of Russia was in the wane a change came over the state of things in the Two Sicilies. From that time we may date a relaxation in the severity of the police, for as to attributing it to English remonstrance it is only too absurd. Events, however, are not considered to be of a sufficiently decided character to caU for any fundamental changes; hence the same ad. interimn system is being persevered in, and Kina Ferdinand is a waiter on Providence. Nothing,(however, can be more ruinous to the Kin personally, or to the nation, than this do-nothing conduct, for while the respect of his own party even is rapidly subsiding into a mere habit of regard for the good-natured Sovereign, the acknowledged distrust (to use a mild term) of Europe is daily and hourly increased. Wise and faithful counsellors, therefore, if any such surround the Royal person, would advise His Majesty to take some decided step as regards his foreign policy, and initiate some changes in this country in a Progresista sensechanges which, now that the hopes of the nation are at the lowest ebb, need not be of a veryetended characterto give satisfaction, butwhich must be infinitely more sweeping if longer delayed. The Court has beenverygaythisweek. OnMondayeveningtheKing gave a baU on a very splendid and extensive scale. There wore not many English present, but among them there was a sprinkling of British officers. Then there has been a Royal hunting and shooting party, and on the 16th a baciamano at Caserta, on occasion of the HereditaryPrince's birthday, and a repetition of the illuminations of the 12th in the course of the evening. There is a general expectation of a grand ball at the British Ambassadors, to be followed by one at ML. Brenier's and at the Russian Ambassador's, while the King himself will give at least one ball more. Everything therefore goes merrily on the surface. Apropos of M. Brenier, either the objects of his miission have been wonderfully exaggerated, or he is the closest diplomatist in Naples, for nothing transpires, and even his brother dplomatists k.now nothing of what he is doing,-perhaps for the simple reason that he is doing nothing. We have recently had a visit from Mr. Clegg, of Manchester, on a benevolent commercial mission. His name is well known to a considerable portion of the British pubEc, and, if I niistake not, has already been introduced to notice by 27te Times as one of the originators, or at least promoters, of a plan for cultivating cotton in Europe and other parts of the world, and thus opposing free labour to slave labour. 3Nr. Clegg takes a sensible, practical view of the subject,when he endeavours to accomplish a great moral good by connecting with it the interests of mankind, and until this can be done, though a few benevolent, unselfish minds, may here and there be found, there is little hope, I fear, of working out a principle on a large scale. At a meeting of British residents and others at the house of the Rev. Mr. Pugh, the Chaplain of theBritish Legation, Mr. Clegg explained his views. He spoke of the enormous consumption of cotton as amounting in England to 44,000 bales weekly, maldng, in the course of a year, 915,200,0001b., with a progressiveincrease. Probably 20 years ago half the present quantity was not consumed. The fair inference, therefore, was that a vast field for profitable speculation was open to the cotton-grower; and the question now was whether in the Two SiciEies there was not land which might be adapted to its cultivation. Some were of opinion that the rental of land was too dear to allow of any profitable return; others that the Neapolitans would never take the matter up; but, leaving Mr. Clegg, let me give you some data which I have been able to collect. From all I hear, then, the average rental of land seems to be low; and it is just that land which is not of the present highest value which would be most available for the growth of cotton. There are, too, it is well known, vast tracts of land on the borders of the Adriatic and- between Naples and. Castellamaro which are tow lying almost waste, and which there would be no diDiculty in getting for a nominal-at all events, for a low rent. iAg,ain, thecultivation of cotton is not new to tass country; a considerable quantity is both produced and consumed here.- Sicily alone produces 2,000,0001b. ; the continent,.2,200,0001b., and, this being, not sufficient for the demand, SOO,O00lb. 'are imported annually from New Orleans, thus making the entire consumption of the kingdom -amount to about 5,000,OOOlb. annually. Sicily consumes about half her produce, exporting the other half to the continent, and "swere there a demand," say letters, " she would not find it difficulthoexport cottons to foreigners." Here, then, we have al the elements of success for such a specu- lationas Mr. Clegg suggests, and all that is wanted is foreign enterprise to make a beginning. The Neapolitan has faith in nothing, and there- fore. will not risk .upon what. he does not pogess-that is, faith; he must be convinced, not by reasoning, but by his senses; but when ne is convinced as to the direction in which his true interests lie heiis not slow in waDiing in it, The wise mode of action, therefore, appears to me to be for any one person to come 'out here -with a small capital, and make the trial;, and if it does not succeed, and is not followed afterwards by the natives -themselves, I a --inuch mnistaken. In hopes that it. may reach the ears of the French Post-office authorities, I mention a complaint generally made by the merchants of Naplea- that letters from Marseilles arrive in Naples after a considerable delay. Instead of availing themselves of Neapolitan boats which may be leaving direct for Civita Vecchia and Naples, the letters are reserved for the French Messageries boats, which go round the coast and touch at every port. The merchants and residents, therefore, in Naples lose at least two days in the receipt of their letters. JAMNARY 18. A telegraphic despatch has just brought us intelligence of the acceptance by Russia of the conditions proposed by Austria. The feeling produced by it here iwiU be of a very divided character, many rejoicing in the prospect of an arrangement so favourable to the interests of humanity, others regarding European tranquillity as destructive of their hopes of any changes for the better. The fact, however, maybe that in the event of peace the greater freedom of the alies and their immense disposable force will, like the sword of Damocles, exert an uneasy kind of influence on Ferdinand, and dispose him to better government. His character is not ferocious, as' it was lastyear, but inactive, donothing, thus putting the country into a state of coma, or destroying its energies by continuted opiates. The system, however, has its admirera, for, though the illuminations on occasion of the Royal birthdays were very different from what they formerly were, still here and there were inscriptions and hransparencies in honour of "Imortal Ferdinand," as in the Quarter of Pardino and of the Atssoluto Nostro Padrone. The Prince's birthday was happily distinguished by the opening of the short line of railway from Nola to Sarno -that is to say, opened for public traffic, for an ,Lerimental journey had been made about a monit since. On the present occasion the bishop of the diocess ga-ve it his benediction, and Murena, the pro tempore Minister, or Director of Finance, and all the employEs in that branch of the service, together with many others, went on to Sarno. The next enterprise of the kind which will engage attention will be the laying the first stone of the Apulia Railway. I have spoken of this line several times recently,though not more thanits great importance merits, for, if the beneficial effects which may be expected from it be taken into consideration, it may be regarded as one of the greatest blesssings that could be conferred on the country. People will, however, shake their heads, as they do at the beginning of any and every great enterprise, and especially in Naples, where public faith is not too high. Still, I have been favoured with a view of documents of the greatest importance, which show that thus far the undertaking has made some not inconsiderable progress, and that its claims on the support of the public are assuming a more stable character. A contract has been formed with a highly respectable London house for the construction of the road, the contractors accepting a large amount of shares in part payment. Men are already at work in clearing the ground, and in a few days the laying of the first stone will be inaugurated with great ceremony. This line will pass through Nola and Sarno, which. places have already been connected by the Government line just opened. In order to vary the direction a little,the line of the .Apulia Railway had been carried on the pLans round a mountain, at a considerable sacrifice of time and money. I am happy, therefore, to say that by Royal rescript His Majesty has permitted the concessionnaire, Signor Melisurgo, to treat for the purchase of the Nola and Sarno line, which will effect an inmense saving, and avoid the necessity of an awkward defour. Great preparations have been, and still are, carried on in theBArsenal and Royal port. Ten or 12 .steamcrs are being fitted up, and the arsenal, which is wanting every necessity, is being well furnished.
AUMTALLA. (FROM OUR OWh- COZSPONDEhU.) XELBOURXqE Ocr. 24. The Ben Nevis, one of the White Star line, siiled on tcn 10tn InSt. AS sne Jz nut, a &t aailcr, anca the Champion of the Seas was appointed to sai} on the 25th, I did not think it worth while to write by the former, especially as I had written so recently by the Donald M'hay. The commercial classes have certainly had their time of trial, and it seems almost out of the power even of the steady increase in the quantity of gold (no less than 65,000 ounces in the week ndling the 13th of October) to reanimate public confidence. It now seems more than probable that the land jobbers' turn is come, and a "land panic" seems almost inevitable. The first effect of the discovery of gold was to depress the demand for and price of land in and near Melbourne. There was a rush to the diggings. The town was abandoned, and, as there was a considerable interval before people came into the colony, it seemed to the short-sighted that " Melbourne was ruined." In one instance a property of about 30 acres, about two miles from Melbourne,was sold for 1,200!. with a good house upon it. In the hands of a skilful jobber, cut up into small " lots to suit purchasers," it would probably have realized 30,0001. in 1853, and even now it is valued at 8,0001. Another property of 40acres in the same neighbourhood, which changed hands at 3001. some few years ago, was sold in 1852 for 4,0001.; and again a few months later for 12,0001. It would have realized 30,0001. or 40,0001. at the highest time, and, although large sums have been since expended on it in improvements, I doubt whether it would now sell for 12,0001. The October Government land sale is just over, and the result has greatly alarmed the jobbers. Town land at North Melbourne, near an elevated and healthy spot called the " Flagstaff-hill," was put up in lots of about a quarter of an acre at the upset price of 3001. per acre. Such of the lots as were sold brought a pound or two above the upset price, and for many lots there was no bid, and they were withdrawin. Eighteen months a,g,o land in that spot sold at the Government sale at the rate of about 3,0001. per acre, and I have been told that some private sales-the seller tempting the buyer by "liberal terms"-in plain English, part credit-of land in the same locality yielded 18 times as much per acre as the present upset price. I know some land about four miles and a-half from Melbourne which, in "lots to suit purchasers" with " terms liberal," sold, in 1853 or early in 1854, at 450!. and 500!. per acre. The samne land would scarcely now bring 50!. per acre, and even that price is the result of a lingering delusion. In this matter a sort of theory had grown up that low prices for anything were utterly inconsistent wvith our large supply of gold. It was asserted in the Council that there could be no more insolvency. I believe the first to discover the mistake were the importers of boots and shoes. They discovered that, having brought into the colony four or five times as nmany as people could wear, not even 10,000,000 ounces of gold could prevent a glut and mere nominal prices. Then followed the importers of "revolvers." Having provided for something like the arming, or double arming, of all our women and children as well as our men, they were puzzled to find that the MIelbourne price was below the Iondon price, although 65,000oz. came down last week. In this way down tumbled article after article-straw bonnets, lucifer matches, rum, sperm candles, Cork butter-everything except food, and its turn is to come. The fact is, that the efficient demnand for land for use, as distinct from speculation or anticipated use, is more than satiated. I have already, in a former letter, pointed out inwhat mannerMelbourne and the smaller towns of the colony may be made to contain many times their present population without any extension of their present boundariesnamely, by building on vacantspaces, and replacing the many single-story, or mere ground-floor houses, by three and four story dwellings and warehoiuses. This process, called into use by -the high price of town Land, is nowgoing on to alnige extent. hAvery large number of the purchases at the highest prices were partly on credit, and properties are now selling every day for less than the mortgage money. Excepting-town -lands in a few favoured streets of business,, and villa lands in choice situations, for which-people Willpay "fancy prices," I see ito reason why the ordinary run-of suburban land as -well as coiuitry land should not get down to something like what may beealled an ag,ricultural price; that is, inasmuch as, if used at all, they mnust -be used for cultivation,~ the measurze of their value is w hat the cultivator ean afford to pay: The Leand Departmenlt here} which seems to ha~ve seen about an inch beyond its nose, has favor - the popular delusion by subdivicgland minto in tesimal pokxions, creating townships where i, are not wanted, limiting the quantity epoesedsale for the purpose of showing a hgfi rate acre. Having thus fed the dernand by instale -- as it were, the accumudated sulpply now exceeds the effective demand, and hence the result ol the October sales. - During tho early part of this year, owing to the enormous price of flour (401. -to 50. per ton), there was really a good demand for farms. -This the Land-office onght to have met. But it was wedded to the small allotment and high rate 4stim, and meglected the golden opportunity :of selling a large quantity of country land until t i te. There is nownoconfidencein themaintenanqeof the price of flour and wheat. Oats are verylow. Hay is moderate, and the demand for farming-land has, to a certain extent, passed away. Reduced rents, a declining price of land, food at a moderate price, the supply of gold increasing, andctrade reviving, are features favourable to ,,he prospects of the immigrants, and all these element, in our condition now prevail. The mineral resources of this colony are-continmally receiving fresh illustration and development. There has been a great " rush" to Fiery Creek, and the surface diggaings are said to be yielding welL New diggings, a rich quartz vein, have been discovered about25inilesfromGeelong. Their exact position is kept " dark" by the discoverers titil they can get their claims marked out by TheCommisEioners according to regulations. The specimens exhibited are veryrich in gold, andwill, if the whole vein is equally rich, pay wvell for crhnXg. The general revenue for the quarter has increased 14,957?. 9s. 2d., and for the year 89,3361. 18s. lOd., but the land revenue has fallen off on the quarter~ 317,4371. 2s. 3d., and on the year 71,4 4s. 8d. making the actual decrease on the quarter 302,4471. 13s. Id., and on the year, 626,1071.6s. 10. But the expenditure has been economized, and, thanl-s to the resolution of the Council agaist additional taxation, I believe the Governor wi be able to lay a more flourishing account of our financial condition before the Council when he calls them together. The heads of revenue for the years 1854 and 1855, ending the 30th of September, are as follows:-. Gold revenue (not ex- 1854. 1855. part duty) ... ... 56,062 S 0 £2259 44110 3 Customs ... ... 926,21217 6 3,096,183 19 4 Other sources of revenue 877,520 7 10' 806,885 4 10 Terrtorial ... . .. 1,068,774 1 7 953,330 1611 23,472,507 6 11 £2,846,400 1 1 Debentures sold ... ... . £ ... 435,507 1 1 We have received copies of our new constitution, but not the official copies. They must await the slow processes of the Colonial-office. As soon as we get it we shall begin amending it, and fortunately it does contain Blacktone's ris 7aedicnrim, iexpress terms. Such of your readers as occasionally see the Mel^ bourne papers must be amused by the column o' "lissin- friends." Here is a specimen of one' As the celebrated Anthony Collins, I believe, die:. unmarried, the wandering Anthony cannot be i descendant of that philosopher "Anthony Collins, Esq., age 37, of Simmons-court and Booterstown, County Dublin. Arrived in Port Philliw September, 18. Known at Mount Macedon, Emu Creel,' Wlardy Yallock, Warnambool-at Bendigo, 1852. Known to Archdeacon lPCartnev, 3Iessrs. Westgarth, Ross, and Co., Mr. Bobert Fennell, and Mr. Barry, lelbourne. Married, in 1847, Miss Barry, daughter of a settler in New Ze.land, thought to be a niece of M1r. Barrv, hoteW-eeper, Collins-street, Melbourne. Was robbed coming from Bendigo. Drove a team of bullocks, and was going to the Ovens. May have gone to New Zealand to his wife's relative.-Your father is dead, and you are entitled to money Apply at the office of this paper." 3ELBOI111XE, FrDrYt, Ocr. 26. In consequience of the arrival of the James Baines - in 77 days, v>ith the Aust mails, the Champion of the Seas will be detained until to-morrow, to enable merchants to answer their August letters. The mail will close to-day, and the ship will sail at daylight in the morning. The Tasmanian Council has been further prorogued until the 20th of November, perhaps in the hope -that agitation may subside. The colonists of Australia look w,ith some hoeto Sir William Moleswrorth,X xa likely to beNess under the dominion of "'the office" and its old traditions than former MIinisters. Others are more disposed to ignore the Colonial-office, by whomsoever governed, and so to rork and improve and develope our very imperfect "(newconstitution" as to emancipate the colonies from the bureaucracy of that department. We are just about to have an election for this city, in the room of 1Mr. Tames Murphy, who has gone to England. Singular as it may appear, the city, is not represented by merchants. It. returns six menmbers-namely, Mr. O'Shanassy, who is in trade, but not as a general merchant; Dr. Greeves, M.D.; J. T. Smith, the 3Mayor, who made his money in the "public line ;" Mr. John Hodgson, ex-Mayor, aud owner of a good deal of town property, and has been engaged in trade, but not as a general merchant; MIr. James Murohy, brewer;-and Mr. Sargood, a large importer, but stopping somewhat short of what is usually understood as a general merchant. These gentlemen, taken together, represent a good deal - of property, real and personal, but, except MrNx. Sargood, they are not deemed men of great authority in commercial matters. Among the candidates are two of our principal merchants, Mr. Criikshank and M1r. Rae. The foamer vas in the field first, and is of such unquestionable character for respectability, credit, and experience that but for one single blot on his political escocheon he wvould have been returned -without opposition; for the two other sham candidates do not deserve to be elevated into an opposition. The blot I allude to is that he is connmitted to all the squatters' absurd pretensions, his house - iLakdng large advances by way of anticipation on wool, and he himself having stations. Mr. Rae has therefore been put up as one free from the sqyatters' fetters. The other candidates are a publican, named Money, and a "C lecturer," named SouthwdelL The strugglewill be between Cruik-shank and Rae. As we have the new constitution, the present Council will not last many weeks. Even if the estimates be asked of this Legislative Chamber, I believe they w9i only be granted for six months, or perhaps forless. Gold.-You will observe that before the expiration of the tenth month of the year our export of gold had turned the second million of ounces! The following further particulars may not be uiinteresting. The receipts by escort and the exports by sea during the first nine months of 1853, 1854, and 185- are as follows S533. 15.L 1Si. or. 07- OZ. Ieceiredbyescort .. 1,549,545 1.25.W57 13,526,702 Exported . ,. 1.S31,46S 1,653.969 1 3,515.2 The Donald ' AKay took 106,83(oz., the Ben Nevis, 44,971. The Celestials have taken 3,6O6oz. to Hongkong. 7,OOSoz. have been shipped this month to Calcutta, 5,580 to Guiana, and every steamer takes a small quantity to Sydney. The folloaing account of imports and exports. into and from the port of Melbourne (taken from the A1rg2us' sunmmary) wvill show the healthy character of our trade -. MrOtrTSsr A-t ExRoBTS AT THE PORT or nMBOURN-M Import, in the year 1335 up to Oct. 13 .. .. £17,MGs6;3 `pocrtsin thc year 1853 up to Oct.13 . .. 9,5i3.473 alce of export over imports during the cnarent year. ..£1917.510 - The following are the weelly returns in September and October, 185 and 1855, respectively- . Inthe fist period the aomt th - Imports iBLl E,portr 3,071,016 1a; aait the cn I.Y £737,O In the seodpiod:- Importe3........ £I,l00.30' 33dan03euntavouroftheny .. £l3 I am assured that there is a very general improvement in prices, to the extent of abit l0 per cent. on the average, except of those artic$ which the high prices of six or eight nMoniS back have caused to be shipped in excess-4. g9, butter, sperm and composition candles. The rep# on the state of the production and exports of o is satisfactory, as showing thigt, notwittstandilg " attractiveness of the gold fields," the prodtcWT of wool is incrcasin The Shalimai sail wth the next misil of 6 9th of Novebnbir. ' w I
THE NITED STATES. X (riOx OUR OWN CO2RMSPONDMwr. 2 - I. YOmK, 'JA. 15. aembled wisdom of the country is still iout 2 Speaker, nor is there yet any appearance .i giving way on either side. 'The Senate, tired w4iting (especially as there are many presidenI aspirants among its members), have made up *ir miinds to begin business by a grand dete on the! foreign relations. The debate was to ve come off yesterday, but, in theatrical language, announced as "postponed." The Beening Post yesterday contains a Ti.sun of the matters in sue between the Cabinets of Washington and ndon, from which I extract the following:- 'In regard to the Clayton-Bulwer treaty controversy, we advised, from the samee althentic source through which foregoing, irtimatiox reached us, that the ponit now der considerasion is the acceptance of an o0er from the itish Goverm *enteto leave the subject to the arbitration a disinterested Power. But the difficulty would be to d sulc a Power at present. Mlediation failing, the next oe of the Administration for a peaceful solution of the fculty is the overthrow of the present British Ministry. e ejectinent of Paimerston and the accession of Lord erdeei would result, it is supposed, in an abandonment he Mosquito protectorate and the other British prosdons to CentrlAnerica. This revolutionat an earIy 'is considered a probable event by the President, and :ce the uselessness, if he intends to insist upon the doc. aes of the Mfessage, of advising hostilities at once. 'Three despatcbes, we understand, have been received m Lord Clarendon, at different times, in reply to SecreIy farcy's letters, caUing attention to the alleged violaton of our laws by 3Mr. Crainpton, and other English cials, in enlisting recruits here for the Crimea. In each these answers the British Foreign Secretary assumes a w position. He firt replies that the recruit5 were *t enlisted by Great Britain, but were mere volun*rs. The second letter is taken upwithcomplaintsof torney-General Cushing's manifestation of unfriendly itiments towards England, and of Americansympathy r Russia, disclosed in one instance by the sale of powder the latter Government, which he contends is a depar, re from our neutral duties, and, in fact, qeuite as heinous osence on oarpart as the recruiting business was on the rt of Ennd. In the third and last of Lord Clarendon's scpatches he takes a more positive stand. While not nying that the enlistment w.as ndertak-enin our terririesbythe British Government, in accordance with the arliamentar$- act of December 24, 54, zhe avers that :carrzied en, it was no violation oi our municipal Law, nor the publc law f nations. " Secretary Marcy's last reply, we are advised, maintains Le positions taken in the unpublished opinion of the Atruey-General, given on the 9th of August, 1855, and conins an unequivocal and peremptorj demand for the recal M£r. Crampton, as implipcted in the transactions which ir Government ;:as made a subject of complaint. This m-aitid includes also the British consuls who were assoatcd vith him in encouraging the enlistments. 'Then in rzgard to Central. America. If Great Britain uses ultimately to comply with our construction of the yton-Bulwer treaty, by abandoning her colonial and er pretensionsin 'Central America, the treaty wMi prody be abrogated. This experiment has been attempted once before in in our federal history-viz., in the act of 8, annulling for one year our commercial and other ttieswithFrance onaccountof depredations upon ourcomce by that nation. This was followed by hostilities on part of France; and, from the fact that the act abrogating treaty would necessarily assign the bad faith of Great h.Ain as a reason of our proceedings (for mere disvment as to the construction would not be an allowable se),asimilartermination mig-ht ensue-t;reatBritain d, of course, resent the insult, strengthen her fortificahon the Ruatan Island and seize new Woints upon the =eitO shore, while the United States, m order not to ,beenenly an advantaSe there, in consequence of the rcition of the anti-colonizing provision of the treaty, Li4 we deny to her under it, must begin to adopt a str course in self-defence. For instance, as Great i;n now holds the island of Ruatan, command,;the entrance of the Bay of Honduras (tIle Intic terminus of the prospective inter-oceanic rail.e across the northern part of Central America), the lited States mnst cast about for another equally desirable r ular possession in the same harbour for itself; and so rith regard to the British naval station at San Juan del lTortc and other points on the coast. These would be the m-nost obvious consequences of cancelling the treaty. Other results would, oEf course, fo'dow, such as theimnedate recog. nition of the existing Government of Nicaragia, and of its sovereignty over the Mosquito territory, from which she is nowr ecluded by the operation of the British protectorate." I send you extracts from some of the more infuential New York journals, which will show the tenmper in which these things are discussed here. The Jrelt-aol of Commerce, always Conservative, !3-1yS: I "The United StLates wll be quite willng to receive 'anotherambassador from England, and one will doubtlessbe sent, on the mgsuestion of some friendly nation on the other -ide of the Atlantic, if diplomatic intercourse shall become suspended." iAnd the Courier and 1niu irer oocs an article by saying,- "Our chief reliance is that public opinion in England will, when the matter at issue becomes bettcr understood, constrain the Ministry to adopt a more conciliatory policy." At the last accounts from Centrai America aLlcer was maintainin,, himself, nor rwere the hos~ite leinonstrations against him apparently advanmig at all. If lhe holds his ow n the questions conerningr Central America may be summarily disfiosed of. An official notice from the Venezuelan Consul hmnounces that the guano islands of that Republic n the Caribbean Sea are transferred to an Ame. -ican association, called the Philadelphia Guano lompany, and warns all vessels from going there sithoI. a permit from this association. I believe hat there is a rival claim to these islands (which are omne ; 00 miles distant from the Venezuelan coast), X le on behalf of a Mr. Shelton, a merchant of .eI,sion and I believe his friendls are now pressing hLr State Department to assert his rights, which it as hitherto decElined to do. He founds his claim pon the right by discovery, and the national sove- ig,nty which the United States' Government would cquire. Of course, the assertion of this would volve a dlispute with the Venezuelan Governent. The increased demnand for guano has irected the attention of enterprising merchants to le Gulf of Mlexico, the Caribbeani Sea, and the sasts of Sonth America. They have ransacked iese with their cruisers, and they are discovering id bringing a great deal to this country. A large ,.posit hasilately been discovered somewhere in the acific; a company has been organized to introduce here, and the Secretary of the ,Xavy has dea.utched a ship of wvar to examine the island and port to tie department. There continues to be a good demand for capital, td lenders a re taxed to the extent of their c aaCitieS. ,yeign exchange is not in great demand, nor likely be till money is more abundant. The recent Caliniia arrivals bring about a million and three- arters. The importations, particularly in dry -ods, have lately been very heavy, and I am in- tied to think the market will be found overstocked. the single article of English printed lawns (of dch the production here is also immense) it is imated that not less than 1,000,000 pieces, of 30 cds to the piece, will be thrown upon the mar. this season. The importation of the silks of ance is proportionately large. IThe railways have been doing much better dur- the autumn than during the summer. The -mngs or the Elie for December were $589,000. e Panama has declared a 6 per cent. dividend, I h a surplus of $125,000. The Reading has been ga great business, as well as the Central. But I country is now buried in snow (with every 'Spec' of its reminining till spring), and it is not sly that the next month or two will make so good how. The Hudson River Railway has been the no of two frightful accidents, caused by the ice I snow. .heoe is a reasonable hope that the Ohio and ssissippi Railroad will be resuscitated and comted. This work only needs the expenditure of a - hundred thousand dollars to make the millions ';adyput in it productive; and it would seem ,r that there is a hope that the money will be nd to do it. The interest due on the 1st of auarv was not paid.
,CCDwY-NT2t Por, ovin DOCEyAnD.-Yester,horning Mr. JolinDavey, chief engineerofthe lstclas;, has been superintendin'i the fitting of the engines of gariborcugh screw three-aecker in Portsmouth dockyard ,ingalong the gangboard (an unrailed, narrovw, ill-con,d !means of ingress and egress from the basin jetty to j,ip), fell into the basin; he fortunately obtained hold rope, .nd r.1timatel a hook, and sustauied himself for r np minutes vh'7 assistance was procured to haul upT lis accident was witnessed by several persons, eg them some of his brother officers, but there wvere no ines -or buoys *t hand, and M1r. Davey had a. good ce of being drowned in sight of his friends, as there no Ufebuoys or other necessary adjuncts to the -..nouth wrar steam-basin for the saving of lifc, er, arc at Woolwich dec7kyard, neither are there 2dde3 or steps round the basin to admit of descending .t, if such an article were kept therein. When taken f the water in a nearly exhausted state, it vws desirable Mr. Davey should leave the dockyard by the north r gate, which is a nearer cut to his residence and the g5 of these labourers of the yard who live in that *on than the main entrance on the Common Hard, btinit was not the "custom" to aBowopersons to pass public gate without a special order, and X;fae immeased gen3tleman was n3ear being frozen in his AF-imte a cab *-as sent for he was taken into erin deuwinleeX8 fflleW, 'Whte a vlsage of was provided,
LAW REPORT. COURT OF CHANClEY. I L;cowes-T. JAN. 2R. IN IRV. q~ pThAT. nk%Aw nW TTRT R.Tk (B(forc the LoRD CHAcxLLoR anZd tae LORDs JCimCrs of A-PPRAL1 Theheaiiof tbis,wrthearh appe4 froi an. order of Vice-Ch=ncelor Stuart, assisted by Mr. JUstice, Erle, was this morning res umed. The facts were that a joint-stook compTanywas constituted under the nameof the "Royal Bank of Australia" by an indenture of settleuient dited the .3d of August, 1840. That indenture was expressed to be made between the several persons executing it of the first part, and two persons named as covenautees of the second part- and it witnessed that each of the persons parties thereto of the first part, so far as related to the acts and deeds of himself, his heirs, executors, and administrators, did -thereby covenant with the others, their executors, administrtors, and assigns, jointly and severally, and also (by way of separte covenant) with the parties thereto of the seco4 rpt in a manner specified in a series of clauses therein contained. The third of those clauses was thus expressed :-"That the capital of. the company shall be 1,OTO,OOOl, disided into 2,000 shares of 501. each, and the prol ietor of each share shaU bring in and pay to the company the full sunm of 501. in respect of such share as and when calUed upon so to do in manner hereinafter provided; the sue of money previotUsly brought in or paid in respect of the same being allowed as part of ruch sum of 501., and the capital for the time being paid and brought in shall be used aLnd employed in the business of the company, and each of the proprietors shall be entitled to the profits and liable to the losses of the company in proportion to his shares." Claiuse 49 gave power to the court of directors to make calls tothe amo,unt of 501. on each share, of which notice was to be aven by advertisement in the Gzeette and newspapers. Robinson took shares and executed the indenture, and died in 1843. In 1850 an order for winding up the company was made under the Winding-up Acts. Robinson's executors were placed on the list of contributories, and paid, or compromised for the payment of, a calL l'ey then distributed the testator's assets, n 1854 a futther call was made. Ti.- executors denied their hability to pay, on the ground of tChiv having fully distributed the assets, and It was arranged that they should pass their accounts before the Master charged with the winding up, without suit. The Master disallowed the psyments made by them in respect of the testatores simple contract debts, on the ground that the sum called for under the proceedings for winding up was in the nature of a specialty debt. From this decision the executors apoealed to the Vice-Chancellor, when the decision of the Master was reversed, and the call in question held not to be a specialty debt. The official manager in turn appealed to his court, Mr. Malins and 31r. Boxburgh were heard for the appellant ; Mr. BACON ancl Mr. STIE supported the order of the Court below. Lord Justice KIOHT BRUC7, who on a former occasion stated that he thought an executor would be justified in tasatirg a speciiltv debt not yet due inL the same manner as a contingent specialty debt, ihis morning said,-I continue of opinion, with regard to the right of an ex.cuior to pay a simple contra.t debt in preference to a specialty debt, the specialty debt being payable certainly in future, that on the pinciples of lawv it ought to stand on the same footing as a contingent specialty debt, but, on looking through the authorities, I find it is impossible now to decide that they st..nd en the manme footing. Mr. RoxNUsRcw1 having replied The LORD CTL ScELLOIi said, the -oint involved in the case was one of some nicety, and the Court would therefore take time to consider its judgment. HIORSFIELD V. AS5ITON. This appea,relating to the construction of a most alistruse will, was argued last December, and stood over for judgment. The case was devoid of all interest except to these immediately concerned, but to them the magnitude of the stake (betwveen 200,000Z. and 3000001.) made it a matter Ihef3LORD CLw£XCELLOR now delivered the judgment of the Court, and, after minuteanalysis of the several clauses in the will, said the w1il was so inartificially drawn that it was extremely difficult to ascertain the meaning of the testator. After, however, considering it over and over again, he leant to the opinion, although not without some doubt, that the edecisin of the Court below was correct, and he had come to that conclusion the more readily as the same parties v. onld takelthe property either under that constraction of thewi] or as next of kin in theevent of anintestacy. The decree, however, mnstbealteredsoastostate thatthe persons were entitled to the property "in the events which had ha prened." .Td Tustice RN-iGu1T BRuCE concurred, but at the same time expressed grave doubt upon the question of constrrction. lord Justice TIUN-E= differed on one point from the other learned judges, but thought it nnnecessary to state his reasons. On the main question he agreed with them. Apeal dismissed.
ROLIS' COURT. CHAERV -TAW .TAIT AS 31A1RTSfl- V T'rN4x (Before the TsJ jDof thae q - - The plaintiffs and defendant in this case were, previously to the institution of this suit. partners in business as attorsey-s; but, serious misunderstandings having arisen between them, a dissolution of partnershin was now sought. Although this case has lately occupied uich of the time of t:e Codt, the particulars are of no interest to any one bat the inunedinte parties. HEis Homjus.made an order for dissohltion.
VICE-CITCELLORWS' VO4J TA' .- O WnVLE Er 'f.-lhtf XZ- I&Cforc T- - ----, This case now came on upon a petition seelring the removal of the receiver appointed in 1848, upon the ground clhiefly that, new trustees having been appointed by an order of this Court during the last year, a receiver was unneces- Mr. Bolt and Mr. Freeling appeared for the petition; Mr. Bagshawe and Mr. Southgate for the Earl of 3ornington. The Solicitor-General and MIr. Selwyn appeared for Viscount Wellesley, and opposed the petition. Ihe case is stiUl proceeding. (Before 7ice-Chan,cel7or Sir JoEs STruA.T.) BnURON V. JACKSON. This suit was instituted under the following circun. stances --The late Mr. John Price, being the proprietor of tbeLeiceMerT JournaZ and Midland Counties General Adrertiscr, by his will, dated in 1827, gave aU his interest in that pubEcation to trustees, upon trust (among other things) to pay to his daughter, the plaintiff, Sophia Penfold Burton, ont of the profits thereof, an annuity of 5B. for her separate use fcr life, with a restriction on anticipation. The testator died in 183L By a deed of partnership relating to the above publication, dated in 1832, to which the plaintiff Mrs. Button, was not a party, it vas provided that for clearing the partnership from the annuity of 501. to Mrs. Burton, and for mahng some provision for her children, a reserve of 2001. per annum, for five years, should be made out of the clear profits of the partnership, which should be paid to and retained by the testator's executors, vho should be at liberty to settle or dispose thereof in such a manner as they and two of the partners should think proper for answering the beforementioned annuity, and for the benefit of 31rs BEnton's children. The bil prayed that the sum of 1,0001. provided for by the said partnership deed might be decreed to be paid and invested, underthe direction of theCoart, forThe purposes of the deed, and applied according to the stipulations thereof by the deferdmnts, and that the trusts thereof might be decreed to be performed and carried into execution; or that the deferdints might be decreed to secure the said annuity to the plamntiff, Mrs. Burton. 31r. Malinsand Mr. Rogers appeared for the plaintiffs, Mrs. Barton and her children; Mr. Bacon, Mr. Tripp, and Mlr. Wood for the defendants. TheVicb-CnT.¶x-cELLoRsaidthat,havingregardtothe terms of the decd of partnership of 1832and itssubject matter,itwas impossible to treat it on the footing of its being a voluntary instrument, or otherwise then as conferring substantial rights on Mrs. Burton and her children, and creating such a charge as, accordin to the course of the Court, could be enforced. He shoind declare that the plaintiffs were entitled to the benefit of the provisions of the deed of 1832 as to the sum of 1,0001., and that the defendants were liable topay and make good that smn for the plaintiffs' benefit, the arrangement thereby made appearing to be fit and proper and for the benefit of Mrs. Burton and her childen; such declaration to be without prejudice to the rights of Mlrs. Burton as against the property charged by the will, and that the defendants shall pay the costs of the suit. (Before Vice-Chancellor Sir W. P. WOOD.) D.lCRE V. STRACHNS. The question in this cause, the hearing of which commencedyesterday andis7ikelyto occuy some time, arises between parties formerly standing in the relation o' guardian and ward. The plaintiff, Mr. Joseph Da of Lintn in Cumberland, seeks to set aside a release executed by himt ortly after attaining his majority, to the defendant, Mr. Strachan, his testamentary guardian, and also to obtain an account of all receipts and disbursements during a 17 years' minority. The main features in the latiff's case are that the defendant hasecsended large and uDnecessary sums in what he considered to be improvements on the estate, but the result of which had been far below their estimated value, and had not only absorbed all the smplus rents and profits, but had left the estate chargeable with a deficit of upwards of 5,0001., to secure which it had been necessary to ereate a mortgace. The plaintiff further alleges that the release had been obtained from him unduly and without proper explanation, he being under the influence of the defendant at the time. The defendant denies the imputations allegedbythe bill, and a mass of evidence has been gone into for the purpose of justifying the acts complained of. Mr. Roltand Mr. Selwyn are for the plaintiff- SirF Thesiger, Mr. Willcock, and Mr. Cotteon, for the defendant. The opening of the plaintiff's case was not concluded at the nangof the Coiurt.
COURT OF OITzEN's R W .- - Tnz r}E Ry.; eTro-a -v . (S[i#ngs in Btanco, befoWe Lord CAMPBEiL and Jices COLERIDGE and WlIca,TMAr I In this case a rule had beer granted, ca]ling-upon the defendants, who. were the printers and publishers of the SStockton atic Hart?epool Mercuz-y, to show caLse why a criminal information should not be filed against them for a hibel publshed in that journal, imputing to Mr. Wilson, the TowvnClerkof Stockton-upon-Tees, thathe hadbeen actuated by corrupt motives in certain advica which he had given to the 23tyor of that borough. fr. KNOWLEFs Q.C. (with whom was Mr. J. Addison), now moved to make the rule absolute. Upon this Mr. DAvjso;- rose, and said he appeared on tie part of the defendaints, not so much to show cause against the rule as to express ther reret that the hasty expressions into which tey had been aetrayed should have been understood as conveyingauch an iznputation, and to express ahope that, after the withdrawal which he was instructed to make of all imputaitionontheprosecutor, he would be willing notto proceed further. Mx, F_IOWLEii said, Mr. Wilson's object was to set him- self right with the pubic and as the ddzen&rts baA now withdrawn the -mnjurio--imnputation--his -encwl-agl answered. At the sine time, he mnst cal upon thc defendants also to withdraw the imputations contained in a subse. quent article which had been published. Mr. DAvJsON withdrew the imputations. Mr. -KNowus said, there was one other condition on which he must insist-n unsual one in such cases as the present-viz., that the defendants should pay alU the costs which had been incurred. Mr. DAIvSON consented. Lord C.AMPBELL aid, he had great satisfaction in sanctioninC the anangenent which had been made; at the same time, his Lordship expressed his anxiety that the doctrine laid down by the proprietors of this journal should be abandoned, for it was utterly untenable-vz, that a journalist mights pubish simputations on the private character of another, and then imagine that he satisfied his duty if he offeredg to open his columns to a contradiction Before any crisninatory mlatter was published in a nep?aper, great -care murt be taken to see that there was goo foundation for it;> It was not the duty of a journalist to Lay open his columns to slanderous imputations, and then to say that he would hear the ether side. That ws not the line of proceedingwhich arespectable journalst pursued, and certaiy could not meet with the approbation of this Court.-Rule discharged on payment of costs by the defendants. BAIL COURT. Mr. Justice CnoysrzoN sat in this court this morning, and swore in some barnisters. Mr. Justice ERLE sat at kui Priu in the Lord Chancellor's Court, and disposed of one undefended cause and one defended cause that was of no interest to the public.
CoURT OF COB13ON PLEAS. W-TMUNRTV. 3L.T- 5t. (Sittings in Banco.-Hiary Tferm r The Court to-day was occupied with an argument on the M elidity of an eguitable plea in "Wood v. the Coppr liners Companyd . The argtunent was a purelyftechmdcal one and very uninteresting. (Sittings at .Nisi 1'riu,, at Getildhel47. before MZr Jrstce W{ras and a Comrmon Jury.)I LAWV.S 'V. A55'DEli. MWr. Serjeant Byles and Mr. Pulling appeared for theI plantift. and Mr. Huddleston wfascounsel for the defendant. This was an action brought against the defendant, as drawer and endorser of a bill of exchange for 231. Us., accepted by one Henry Hart, endorsed to one Herbert William Hart, by him endorsed to a person named Power, who transferred it to the plaintiffi The defence was, that the signatures appearing on the brln of exchange in question as those of the defendant were forgeries. On thepart of the plaintiff witnesses were called whos-id thatthesignatures "AndrewAspdenandCo."! on the bill were in the handwriting of the defendant, and several genuine signatures of Mr. Aspden occurrmg in a book belonging to a friendly society of which he was a member, and at the foot of certain letters and documents, were producea for the purpose of comparison under the recent adt. It was also urgedtcat the conductof the defendant after he was served with the writ in the present action was inconsistentwith the view that the signatures to the bill declared on were forged, inasmuch as he had never treated themn as such; that he had said that he would not pay the bill, but that Hart, the acceptor, would; and had actualy gone down to Birmingham, where Hart resided, and had entered into some negotiations with him for its liquidation. It was also aslown by the evidence of the clerk to the plaintiffs attorney that on the day on which the writ was issued (the 27th of November, 1855) he called on the defendant, saw him, and was told by him that he was not Andrew, bout Thomas Aspden, and that A ndrew was at MIanchester. Mr. HurnaDnSroN, for the defendant, stated that his lient neither drew nor endorsed the bil of exchange in question; that, in fact, both his signature and the acceptance were forged by Herbert Wiliam Hart, the son of Henry Hart, the suppoced acceptor, and attributed his (Mr. Apden's) conduct in the matter to the fact that he vwas unwilling to espose the young man, and had gone down to Binninghani In order to arrange matters with the father. In support of the case of the defendant Mr. Aspden wras c-alled. He denied most positively that the handwriting, either as drawer or endorser, on the bill was his- said that he was at Manchester on the 27th of Xovember, 1S55 ,denied ihat he had seen the clerk of the plaintiff's attorey on that day, and generally proved the facts opened by Mr. Huddle. sa on. Mr. Scaife, a clerk of the defendant, proved that Herbert William Hart had at times been allowed to frequent his master's office, and had had opportumities of seeing the defendant's handwriting. He also said that his master was at Manchester on the 27th of Nxovember. Mr. P1ulSI'G replied at great length on the whole case; and, after a careful summing up from Mr. Justice WILrL., i the jury retired, and, being unable to agree, were eventually | discharged vwithout giving a verdict.
COURT OF EXCHEQEUER. JAi. 28. M2ANX V. THE GENERAL STEAM N,VIG,TION COMIPlT. (SiUing in Banco Zefore the CHIEF BAXOx, Barons AT.TMTECV PTAsV -nV/ f.ttT< I The plaintiff in this action is a carrier in Newgate-street, who, on December 11, 1852, sent a jpalamge, containing a nuLmber of smaller parcels, to be delivered to several persons, consigned and directed to the Messrs. Alexander, of Glasgow. The package was duly forwarded, from the Swan-with-Two-Necks, to one of the defendants'.ihips, and by them sent to the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway for conveyance to Glasgow. From some cause or other, however it was not delivered until December the 29th, and, some loss vin accrued by the non-delivery in due time of two of the packed parcels, an action was brought against the defendants to recover damages in this respect; and also for LE4. a ; 4., o_In tbk.e fi 4f2W Snfaccount oft te aeay1 ltytTG (l ocsre(thmt delivery of their parcelsz A sum of money sufficient to cover the first item of damage was paid into court, and the jury assessed the damage for the loss of custom at 151-Mr. Justice Wightrman, who tried the cause, givig leave to the defendants to move to enter a verdict for them if the Court should be of opinion that such damage could not, in point of law, be recovered. A rule aid to this effect having been obtained, Mr. Edwin James and Mr. Hawkins yesterday showed cause, and MIr. M. Chambers to-day appeared in support of the rule. The COURT was of opinion that the plaintiff was not entitled to recover damages for the loss of the customers wvhose parcels had been delayed. It was not the direct, legisimate, or probable result of the delay ; for a man who unreasonably withheld his cusstom from another, who was not to blame, was himself guilty of an injurty. A dousbt had been raised in the minds of one of the Court by the supposition that the defendants were aware that this was what is caUled a" ked parcel," but as this did not appear to be berne out bythe evidence the rule must be absolhte. Rule absolute. VIGGr V. FOX MATD ANOTSWR. The plaintiff in this action is the widow and administratriLxof her husband, who was formerly employed in constructing the water towers at the Crystal Palace, and the defendants are the welllknow-n firm of Messrs. Fox and Henderson. It appeared that the defendants accepted the whole contract forbuilding these towers, and that the upper ironwork was under their immediate superintendence. For the purpose of sinkimg wells and doing the earthwork gene. rally a person named Moss was employed by piece-work, and Wiggett, the deceased, was one o the labourers engaged in this duty. He was, however, paid every week bv Messrs. Fox and Co., and bloss received asalasy of f6s. a-day for his services. While Wiggett was so vworking an iron " rnne'r"wasdroppedfromabove, fellon his head, andkiUled him, and it was proved that he had previously seen another " runner" fall from the same place. Under these circumstances his -widow brought an action, under Lord Caampbell's act, to recover cornPensation for her loss, and at the trial before Mr. Justice lVightman the jury found that the person who dropped the "runner" was a servant of Messrs. F:ox and Co., and that the accident WaS caused by the defendants' negligence, and gave a verdict for the plaintiff with 1501. damages. A rule n*t having been obtained for a new trial, or to enter a verdict for the defendants, on the groutnd that the defendants w ere not]iable for injury by one of their servants to another person employed in the same work, and that Moss was not a sub-contractor, but himself a mere foreman or servant of the defendants, and that a servant could not bring an action for an injury of this kind against a fellow-servan4t- 3Mr. C. PoLLocs now showed caused, and urged that the action vwas rightly brought. ThnCuvmEP1BhAoxN.-Wlggett had seen a piece of iron faUl before, and was perfectly aware that where one had fallen another might faAll, yet he still went on working. Where persons are employed with a common object, it appears to me thatb having an opportunity of seeing what danger there is, the law casts upon them the duty of guarding against it by quttingthe work or gettig the danger removed. If a person em ploys a servant, and uses reasonable care in obtaining careful servants, he is free from liability arising fromn an injusry by one to the other. If he knowMingly allows a negligent servant to continue in his employ, perhaps the case may be different, but here there is no imputation of that sort. All the vastest works of the country are carried on in this way, and, really, if we weteto admit this principle, it would let in a flood of litigation, and al flesh would he literaUy plaintiffs and defendants. Mr. C. PoLLocR.-It is difficult to define clearly what a common object is; it may be an employment in different parts of the same town. Baron MALsPnT.-The deceased, in my opinion, was a servant of Messrs. Fox, and not of MIoss, for Moss was only a servant of theirs. It does not matter whether he was paid by the day or the piece; if he has a right togoto Foxand say, " I am engaged to do a certain work, and to deliver it Tp when completed I do not care whether you are pleased or displeased. I am my own master, and exempt from your c ontrol while the business is going on, and, sf you do not like it, you may afterwards bring an action against me." Then he is a sub-contractor. But here there is nothing of tcheiind. The other question is very importanth ;bt on this ground the verdict is clearly wrong, for one servant cannot bring an action of this sort against another. Serjeant CChannell and 31r. Prentice, in support of the nile, Were not called onto argue. A discussion then arose as to whether this point had been reserved bv the learned judge at the trial, and it was dem ided that if, after consulting him, he shold report that it was reserved, averdict should he entered forthe defendants, and, if not, SerjeantCsenGELL intimatedthathe wrouldconsent to a stetproceSSsse, and that, if application were, made to the -Messrs. Fox in another way than through the medium of a law court, he had no doubt compensation would be granted to the plaintiffE-Rule accordingly. (Sittings in tiddlresex, a! .ZZ'5i Print, in HlSary Term, Wrfore Mir. Baron BRA&WEL and Common Juries.) This was the first day of the third sittings stA`i; Priuss, for Middlesex, in the present termn The list contains as many as 34 causes for trial, of which 12 are xemanets. JONTES V. WELCH. Ir. Peteradorff, with Mr. Hodgson, conductedthe case for the plaintiff; Mr. Edwin James and Mr. lHawldns represented the defendant. This was an action by which the plaintif, apractitioner of homoDopathy, residing in Harrington.square, HapsteAdroad, sought to recover the sum of 581. for jo3neya and medical attendance. The defendant paid 25. into court5 and pleadedthatmeyondthat,srn -he was not indebted. It appeared tlmt the plaintiff is in practice in Harrington. square as an bomoeopathic doctor, and that in the month of December, 1853, in consequence of having been sent for, .he commenced an attendance upon the daughter of the defendant, a cowkeeper and milknan, carrying ori his business at Shepherd's-buts. This young woman, then about 17 years of age, had been suffering for some time with what were supposed to be neuralgia pains in the head, and, as the medical gentlemen under whose care shehad been were unsuccessful in their treatment of the attacks, upon the recommendation of a fricnd the present plaintiff was called in, and it was for his journeys, attendances, andpreEcriptions that the claui now made had arisen, the charge being at the rate of one gmea per visit. Several medical gentlemen were caled, who proved that the charges were fair and reasonable, seeing that the plaintiff had as far to travel as six miles, or, indeed, 12 miles there and back, for each visit. One of these gentlemen Mr. Joshua Watldns, a member of the Colege of Surgeons; in his cross-examination by Mr. JA.Nrs, said, that he was not a practitioner of the homceopathic system; and, on having the plaintiffs book containing the copy of theroscriton o the medicine given to the deceased placed m his hands,-and looldng at it very closely for several minutes, said that he could not understand it, indeed he could not make anything of the prescription. Of course, not following the same system of treatment, it was impossible that he could tell in what mn-ner the practitioners in homceopathy treated their patients. He had now looked again at the prescription, and he must confess that he could not make it out at alL (Loud laughter.) pr. JASEi.-Well, then, we will ask Mr. Jones to ' plaintiff replied that the prescription was this aconite, 4 ounces, beladonna, 4 ounces; and an ordinary lotion of silica. Mr. JAcExs.-Latio.ordinaris. Oh! very well. Can you tell us, Mr. Watkins, what 2otio ordineais is ? Mr. Watkins.-I don't know what lotio ordiearls- is. (Laughter]) Nochymist would know what it is. The other part of the prescription, the aconite and belladonna, is not used internally, as in this case, by the regular practitioner. The plaintiff recalled, and examined by Mr. JnczsS.-The lotio ordinraris was what homceopathists caled silica-that is flint-water. (Laughter.) Mr. JAEs.-Oh that, then, yon would term " acqua The plaintiff.-It might be so. (Renewed laughter.) They gave it to allay pain, and as a curative. hir. watkins recalled.-Aconite and belladonna would alay pain and soothe an irritable state of the system, but, in his opinio*, such an application would not act as a curative; it might, with other applications, assist in effecting a cure- The plaintiff recaled and exanmined by Mr. J4uma-Be had no altered prescription in his book, but, in addition to these medicines, he ordered that the patient should have somne baths. The aconite and belladonna were ordered to be taken internallyby those who practised homeopathy, and by those gentlemen only, he believed. LoZio erdinarie might be termed tincture of flint or silesia. Mr. JAMEs.-Then, that lotion istpump water, vith a flint in it ? (Laugbtcr.) The) painti-Yes, water applied to grounad flint prepared. hir. Watkins recalled.-Had never heard of this solution of flint in his life. When he spoke of aconite and belladonna as a sedative, he alluded tothat application as anoutward, and not an internal application. He had never heard of those two medicines being applied internally. Re-examined.-His attention had not been particularly directed to the homceopathic system, except that he had, like other medical men, read some of the books upon the The plaintiff was here again recalled.-The prescriptions of homneopathists were totally different from those of the old practitioners, and therefore none but homceopathic chymists would know how to make up their prescriptions. They did not, as was formerly the custom, pour down the throat of the patient large quantities of medicine. They had distinct medicines for each particular disease. Be continued his attendance on the patient in the present case until about the niddle of February, when she had become better. In each bottle of the medicine prescribed for the defendant's daughter there was one-millionth pnart of a grain of aconite and the same proportion of belladonna. In general cases they found that in about 20lminutes, by this application, the woutld reduce the pulse from 120 down to 70 or SO beats in a minute. Mr. JAMaES, for the defendant, said that the truth was, the deceased, finding that what the plaintiff had prescribed failed to relieve her from the violent pains she was suffering, had, after he had visited her 10 or 12 times, asked for his bill, when discovering that it amounted to as much as a guinea a visit, she told him notto come any more as her father could not afford to pay him. Upon this the plaintff said that he was about to deliver some lectures in the neighbourhood, and that as he felt much interested in her he would visit her in futureasafriend. These visits he had doubtless paid, but he had taken care to charge for them, and in that way had swollen out his bil to the sam of 58h. Be submitted that tho 25h. paid into court was an abundant remuneration, hirs. Carter, the nurse who had attended the deceased, proved the offer of the plaintiff to visit the patient as a friend after the first 10 or 12 visits, and that after some months the latter had so far recovered as to be able to do awithout a docor's regular attendance. She, however, sunk under the disease in September, 1 he4u hir. JAMES offered a few words on the evidence for the defendant, and Mr. l MSDO5DThLfi8-1nmee up. jury-, after some consultation, said they were of opinion that the 25. paid into court was sufficient remuneration to the plaintiff They therefore found a verdict for the defendant.
ADMA-LTY COURT. 3fn%-nAVv .TA- 9R RHE fLF.mT-RTT. T.T Tnv (Before Dr. LtTOqiLrT ) This was a suit promoted bythe Soubhadar, of the burden of 762 tons, against Mr. W. it. Mudge, the comnmander of Her Mlajesty's steamship Indexible, to recover the loss arising fromr a coDision between them off Beachy Head at 10 pn.r on the 9th of November last. The Soubbadar was hound from Calcutta for lLondonwith a cargo of general merchandisce; the Infexible was proceeding from Woolwich tor ortsmownh, haisng on decknaoutl6witonsweightof steam machinery. Accordi to the plea of theSoubhadar, she was close hauled on the starboard tack, heading from E. to B. by S., 'with a bright signal lantern hnm g out on heying jibboomn. She descried the Inflexible a point on her starboard bow, distant about a mile, upon which two anbeaux were shown in succession, notwithstanding which the Inflexble continued to approach her without any alteration of her helm, until it was too late, when she ported, thereby -crossing her hastse and rendering acollision inevitable. Wp to that period the Soubhadar had been kept close to the wind, but she then ported he helm in order as much as poesibleto case the blow. Ther wesinleran intoher, and caried aoay her bowsprit, jibboom head, and cutwater, and afterwards, wsith her paddle-ho; knocked in the starboard bow. On the part of the Inmdexible it oas alleted thatat the time in question she was steering W. by S. by thestandard compass; that the wind vas moderate from S.W. by W., and the weather thick, with drizzling rain, The omfcer in commamd saw a light, which had just been reported, about two points on the pOlt bow, but, owing to the thickness of the wdather, was anage to discern the vessel from which it proceeded. The light then disappeared, but in about two mmnutes it again showved bright a little before the port paddlebox, when he immediately called out "Port ara an ordered the engineer to stand by the engines. These orders were instantly obeyed, and three or four mviutes afterwards, seeing2a collision to he inevitable, he ordered the engines to be stopped. The steamer had fallen off from W. by S. to W.ThW., but the Soublhadar ran stem on into the port paddlebox of the Inilexible, crushing her wheels and carrying away her bowsprit. She attributed the accident to the neglect, defaut, or mismanagement of those on boa'rd the Soubhadar. The libel was given in by the Soubhadar on the 14th inst., the responsive allegation on the part of the Sexible on the 22a, and on Friday last, the Trth, the witnesses, 21 in number, were esamied tnes tote. Dr. Anddams woas heard for the Soubhadar* the Admiralty Advocate for the Inflexible. The learned JUDGE, having called the attention of the elder Brethren by whom he was assisted to the facts of the case, put to them the following questions, to which their answers are annexed:-First, assuming that the Soubhadar saw the steamer one point on her starboard bow, must she not have seen the green light and not the red a mile distant?.-No. Secondly, if she saw the red light, as she stated she did, must she not have starboarded.7-No. Thirdly, did not the evidence given by a witness as to the damage done prove that the Soubhadar had starboarded her helm.y-Xo. Fourthly, were they of opinion that the helm ef the Soubhadar was starbearded92-It was not. Fxfthly, had the Sonlbbadar ported too late 1-She had not. Lastly, did not the Inflexible neglect to port in time 7- Yes. The COURT pronounced against the Inflexible.
INSOLVENT DBBTOBS' COURT, Jan. 28. LN THE :!LTATER OF (.1TTq'PAVP CgTQ- (Before Mr. Comm.ssioner PnmP s.) This case, which had been twice beforethe Courts, was eoneluded. The opposifion. was onthe part of a lodging-housekeeper, named I, to whom the insolvent owed a balance of 23. He had spoken of a house for which he paid in Albany-street, and of property in Paris. Accordingto his aecount he had no property, but was in the habit of receiving remittances from an uncle, and had written for French newspapers. MiKr.mComsissioner Pnnnrps held that it was a ease for the discretionary clause. The insolvent would be at the disposal of Mrs. Marabal and if he came to terms she could let him out of prison. The judgment was -ix months from the vesting order.
II,LE X uon, Jan. 98. The January adjourued sessions of the peace for the county of Middlesex commenced this morning, at Clerkenwell, before the Assistan-Judge and a full Court. There ere 79 priseners for trial, 72 charged with felony and seven Withsimisdemneanour. The ASSISTASNT-JIDGE delivered a short charge to the grand j'y WliliaAbott, 19, was indicted for feloniously brealdng and entering the dwelling-house of James Hempy, and stealing therein five spoons and other articles valued at 201., hus roperty.. bxse poscurtor lived at No. 1, DIe Beaulvoir-place, Rings-. land, and during the night of the 3Lst of December stme one get into his homse by taking a pane of gl4ss out of the back kitchen window, and then nufastening the bolts. About. 6 clock en the morning of the 1st inst James Thorn, police-constable 485 N, found a sack filled with various articles at a corner of Stamford-road. He concealed himsdlf, d in a. short time the prisoner made his appearance with a-trucalc upon which he tried to plaee the suck. He said to him " You have got a heavy load this niorning ;" to which he replied, "Yes; it is rather heavy;" and, in answer to an mqunry as to what the sack contained, he said " Only a few thmngs I am going to take to market." him vonversation til another constable eame lpa . au tookhimain c ae. On inquiry beingmade, it was found that a robberynlad beeu committed at the prosecutor's, and the whole of the articles in the sack were identified as having been stolen from his house on the night hjy founa the prisoner GuiZty. The ASSISTANT-JUDOR sentenced him to 18 months' hard labour, and said he should have sentence. :-r to penal servitude if there had been anythinz known a,tainst him. John Shaw, 30, was indicted or feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of William I'atten, and stealing therein a coat and other articles, his property. Mr. Payne appeared for the prosecution; orry for the prisoner. '.he prosecutorstatedthat he liveaat 2, Little Cambridgeplc, Hackney-road. At a-quarter to 6 on the morning of the C81Jt of December he left home togo to work, and on his return in the evening he found a policeman there with a coat, trousers, and other articles o cloth , his property When he went out in the morning he left his five children at home, but only the youngest of them was there when he returned. Eleanor Patten, 18 years of age, said she was the daughter of the prosecutor, and on the day in question she left home with the other children, having previously securely fastened tha doors. On her return about 7 'clock she was surprised to see a light in the front room downstairs, and on screaming out it was extinguished. A man rushed out of the doorway, and she said, " Is that you, Father ' it being so dark at the time that she could not see who it was. The man replied, " It's all right," but she said it was not all right, and laid hold of him by the arm, buthe broke awayandran off She pusued him, and he was stopped by a butcher, ;vto hdd him until a policeman came up, and then gave him in charge. On going home she found a bundle of clothing packed up ready for removaL The prisoner had a str-uggle wvith the po]iceman, and near the spot where it took place twfO skeleton keys wrere picked up, and one of them, it was founud, would open the door of the prosecutor's house. The jury found him O'ziley. A sergeant of the K division said, the prisoner in 1851 was in custody for having housebrealdng iniplements in his possession, and he was then the regular associate of a notorious gang of burglars, most of whom had been sentenced to transportation. Since then he had been connected with similar characters, and was one of the most determined bug,ars in that neighbourhood. m eA&SSSTNrT.-Jr.UGE said, it was quite clear that the prisoner was a very bad character, and it was entirely owing to the courageous and creditable concduct of the girl, Elsanor Patten, that he was secured and brought to justice. The Court owed it to the public to pass a secwre sentence in such eases, when clearly proved, to deter others. The sentence was that the prisoner be kept in penal servitude for six years, and, in consideration of the praiseworthy conduct of the girl Fatten, the Court would direct that 20s. should be given to her. Charles HIempey, convicted at the last sessions of assaulting apolice-onstable and throwing him off the roof of a shop in the Hollowsy-rod, was hr ought up for judgment and sentenced by Mrv. Wsraeaie to two years' hard labour.
POLICE. BOw-SIBEET.-Thomas Akehurst, a lad of about 15, who had urm away from his parents at Brighton in company 'with another boy, was charged 'with firing a pistol in the Green Park, to the terror of Ier Majesty's subjects. Irenry Woodward, one of the park-keepers, deposed to the fact, and expressed his belief, from the cliaracterof the report, that the pistol contained shots. The prisoner .]id not shoot upwrards, but fired in the direction of the pathwvay betvreen Stafford-house and Piccadilly, although, fortnately, there 'were no passengers near him at the nonment. On taking him into custody witness fonnd the istol, with a quantityof powder and shot, and41., in'his possession.' It appeared that the prisoner had stolen the nm:ney from his father, an egg merchant at Brihton, and had induced the otherilad (named Henry Gilham) to join hina in his adventures, paying the railvay fares for both. It was their intention to start in the wrorld on their ovwn account. They denied that the pistol was loaded with shot. MVr. HALL observed that, in the absence of positive evidence as to the pistol being loaded with shot or other perilous material, the act of Parliament would not enable him to punish the prisoner for " endangering the lives of Her Majesty's subjects." He could be detained, however, for the allged theft until the father vwas communicated with upon th,e subject. The prisoner was then remanded, and his companion was handed over to the charge of a sister, the w;ife of a soldier in the Crimea, who promised to take care of him till the next examination. A donation of 21. 2s. was received for the poor-box (through Mr. IL O'Brien, of Gray's-inn-square), from the "Rev. Joseph G." who requested an acknowvledgment in Tihe T,mts. MAiL'LBoRoumGli-sTREEr.-Henry Searle was chargedwith brglary Thomas Tassell, 20, Silver-street, said, abont 7o'clock that morning he went into his shop, and found that it had been broken open, and that the prisoner and another man examining the shop he found that some drawers had been mausacked and the things turned out, but nothing of consequence had been taken away, as the tliieves ha been surprised at their 'work. Some housebreaking implements were found, which had been brought by the thieves. Remanded for a week- From "IL H.," 101.; and from " Io Z.," the half of a 10-note, for the poor-box, have been received. WssT2urNR.-About two months ago 3Mr. ARssoLD had a case before him under the Hackney Carriage Act, in which the onestion 'was raised whether a cabdriver was entitled to charge for the conveyance of a child under 10 years of age as an extra person, 'when, in order to promote uniformity of decision, he subbmitted the question to the consideration of the 'whole of the metropolitan magistrates at one of their meetings, and it was decided, after the fullest deliberation, that the cabman was not entitled to the compensation claimed. A case arising out of this decision yesterday occupied the attention of Mr. ARNoLD. It came before min the shape of a dispute, which had induced the hirer to require the driver to convey himto a police-court for themagistrate's decision. The complainant was Robert Henry Side, 69, 'Union-street, Borough, slate manufacturer, and the defendant, Samuel Smith, a cab owner and drirer. Complainant stated that about an hour previoutsly he called defendant off the stand at Milbank and, accompnied by a male friend and his child, under 10 years of age, was about to get into the cab when defendant refused to take the child, as he should not be paid for it. Complainant had been refused before under similar circumstances, and ams desirous of having the magistrate's decision upon the matter. Defendant said, it was quite true he had refused to take the child. Children destroyed the cushions, and did a great deal more injury to the inside of a cab than grow-n versons, and as he couldn't charge for ene child he wouldn't carry one. Mr. AR-OLD observed that he could not charge for carrying boxes unless there 'were more than two personis in the cab, and if he were to refuse to carry a child because he could not charge for it he might refuseto carry boxes by the same rule. The Cabman.-I am bound to carry the boxes for nothing if I have only one or two persons in the cab, because the law says Itin to do so, and if the child is put in a box 1'11 carry it by act of Parliament. Mr. ARNoLD.-The 16th and 17th of Victoria, chap. 33, section 17, says:-" Every driver 'who shall refuse to admit and carry in his carriage the number oi persons painted and mark-ed on such carriage, or specified in the certificate granted by the Commissioners of Police," shall be liable to a penalty. Eow many are you certified to carry Defendant.-Eisve. Mr. AlwoLD.-Then why refuse to carry this child as a third person? Defendant.-Because a child is not a person; it is not a person by your worship's own decision; because if it is a person, a cabmuan has a right to charge for it as an extra, and if he can't charge for it, why then it can't be a person. Mr. AioNoLD.-It is nonsense to assert t'hat it has been decided a child is not a person. Defendant.-It has been decided that two is a person, and that one isu't. Under your decision a child under 10 years of age don't constitute a nerson, and, therefore, as it isu't a person, I refuse to carry it. Mr. AoLNLD.-It was your duty to have taken the child, and if there had been a refusal to pay for it to have brought the matter before me. Defendant.-It has been decided byyou that it was not to be paid for, and I should therefore have carried 'the child fornothing. Mr. AsmoLm consulted his colleague, M!r. PAINTEP., and said that that gentleman fnUy conci-rTed wivth him in the view he had taken-that a driver could not charge for one child under 10 years of age taken with tw.o adult persons, but was still bound to carry it. He vas about to add that he should not impose a penalty as the driver might have acted under an erroneous impression, when the defendant Eolicited an adjournment for a week for legal advice, which was granted. WoRaSErP-ssisirl-Mr. FMiir,a acknowledged the receipt for the poor-box of a 51.-note from "A. W. St., from " HL andJ. W."- and 1It from " George." A donation of 10s. has been afro received fron " Mr. W. Renriel-, St. Clare; Walmer, Kent," for the girl Charlotte Claridge; together with letters from other benevolent persons, the offers and contents of wbich are now under the inagistrate's consideration. CLaEsiENIsE .-Angelo Famagalla, a powerful-looking Italiai, of Old Fish-house, Baldwin's-gardens, -was charged with having violently assaulted Sainuel Goldsmith, and also with cutting and wounding William Davidson. Wiliam Davidson, a labourer, with his arm in a sling stated that he resided at 50, Baldwin's-gardens, Gray's-innlane, and on Saturday night, at about 12 oclock, he was standing in front of his residence in conversation with Samuel Goldsmith, his brother-in-law, the piisoner, who was a perfect stranger to them, and 'who was very rmuch the worse for liquor, came up, and, withont receiving the slghtest provocationfrom either of them, struck Goldsmith twice on the face. He then turned upon himi (the witness), and pullug from his pocket a knfe or a dagger made a thrust at him, which did not take effiet owing to his slipping on one side. He then rushed at theprisoner, seized hold of his arm, and endeavouredto wrest the instmment fromnbim, buf withouLt avail, and in his struggle with the-prisoner he receivedf twro very severe wounds in the 'wrist which tie prisoner 'was aimung at. his heart Be, however, managed to trip him noj, and the cPolice comi,ng up too4F himn into custdy. tVitness blef con- siderably, and was taken to the Royal Free Hospital, where his womids wre dress-d by the house surgeon. Ifspector Anderson, of the Gdivision, then handed to the mn sfirate the following certificate:- "Thisisto certify that WfiamrDavHdonwsbou to0this hospital orThe night of January 2(, 1856, sufferng from twvo severe Punctured wounds on the back of the lkft "G. P. JEN7ais,% House Sur..eon." Samnuel Goldsmith, the Irother-in-law of the firgt"wvtr*24' confirmed his statement, and added that when the prioner Liist struck at them he (witness) merly asked hin what he did it for. Ihe ad no sooner 'uttered the words tha the prisoner drew his knife, and made a desperate stab at sLi rbrther-in-law, Davidson. He went to the assistance of the latter -when the prisoner stabbed him. He was t'hen giveas Je.G.R nkins, house surgeon to the Royal Free Hospital, said that he had examined the 'wounds on the wrist, and had found one was a,,nt Rnd the other a small punctulred one. The incised one was an inch and axali lengthlsA and half an inch deep.a-h,als A Porter, 101 G, produced the knife, which had a rather formidable appearace, having The shape of a dclger. The sheath belonging to it was found inthAe prisoner's poessscu wh en searched at th e statio n-h ouse. A a nilitiam:unan, Anamred Andrews, took the weapon from the prsoner whie attemnt. ag to stab with it. He {Porter) had seen the commanding offlcer, who had directed Andrews to be present and give evidence, but he had failed to attend. Sergeant Hewitt, 19 G, gave confirmatory evidence. In defence the prisoner said, he was drank and knewmothing about what had happened until he found hiaseaif locl-ed up in the station-honse and was told about it. He denied having had a knife in his possession. The knife (or dagger) was exanined, however, and it exactly corresponded with and fitted the sheath. Mr. CORr.sE Said, it was a most serious charge, and one whih heshouldsend dbefore ajturyoto be tried. He shouI however, remand theprisoer until this day (Tue3day). -when the miitasman will hee ainaed. TEUWsns-Joeeph Taylor, a man of respectable appearance, and late second engineer of the steamship called the MarleY Hillwhich has been for the last year in the servier of Government as a tn=ispot Noinvo, was chazged with aeattlpting to sink the vesel by tarning on one of the seacock-s by which the boilers are supplied with water while the vessel is under steam. After some evidenre had been given, 135r. INGGHAM remnanded the prisoner until Tuetday, the 5th of Februsry, and said he -would tak-e hail for his appear.. atnce on that day, the Prisoer himself instL., and twi sureties of 601. each. LA'BETHm.-Villiam Thonipson, coachman to tr. Tapling, a carpet manufacturer, n Wood-stret, Cheapsaid, whose privatet esidence isfat Noro, was' chatged 'with assaulting tohn Vertne, a coiector inT th service osa omr. Eden, the dentist of Threadneedle-street, vsho possossem considerable lande propert at oerwood. Joh hVeane stated that en the 9th inst., aboutate otclock in the aftemroon, while he and another persom were watching in fr. Edenis orchard, at Pilgrim-hill, to prevent persons from trespassing, as lately they baI been in the constant habit of doing, he hsaw Thomson come along the path. Herequestedhimtoretire,buthe persisted in bis attempt to pass, whereuponascuffle ensued in the course ofwhichl the witness was pushedl violently againt the wall, andhis hand severely injured. Vertuefurther stated that he had known the property for .1a yearsl, and mever heard of any right of way having been set utp. aWhenhe first knew the place it was bounded by a hedge and ther was no entrance at all; latterly the heage had been thrown dlown by ordler of Mr. akatterell wQho is in the service ot the South London Cemetery Comnpany. A gentleoian from the office of Messrs. l artin, Tohomad , and Holland said, the pathway beloinged to the C-emetery Comipany, who had neot built T eir walu on the fu extent of, tiheir land, and, consequently, claimed a right of way al round it. The questdon had been settled already by an. action that was tried at Kingston. Mfr. Eden positively denied this assertion. The action alluded to did not relate to that piece of lnd, nor had claimn to a right of way through it been et up until che 20th of November last. He had known the spot in the possesson of htis predecessor, Mr. Hutton Littlewood, and himself forl26years, and there was nota ashadoweof aaim, a factwhich he couldc prove by his title-deeds and thu plan of the property when it wag conveyed to him. In the course of the trial at Kingston a proposition was made to hin by Mr. Tite to allow a six-foot way to M1r. Tapling's back premises, the company not caring about the exp nse, whic re indignantly rejected, and since then he hadw been exposed to constant trespasses; indeed, the Cemetery Company had thrown down his gate, destroyed 75 feet of quicsIe thetgeand absohute1v claimed a 40-feet wav outside their wall. Mr. Nobeoindc sugested that The question 0hould be refrre tosom prf~i~ ~ntlmanwho would act in- £hi prponionwasat nceaccdedto by Mr. Eden, but The gentleistan hoatte ndeed on tht h part of the companystated his. belie f Tha sth e dctors,would not enter- fr. NonTo- held that as the colour of a right of way had been set up he hadl no jurisdiction in the matter; he therefore dismissedl the sumnmons, observn that Thompsoa miight be indictedl at the quarter sessions. The magistrate received the first half of a IO?-notc from "L. Z.," and 10s. worth of postage stamps, from "X.Ml" for the poorbox.____________
[Advertisement.3-Tho MIceting of 1'arliam-ent.-Tho "Observer" of Sunday next, February 3, Ndll con'ain a 1ail acd accurate report of the debates aud proceedings in rivLstsnent it resect to the conduct of the war in the Faset and in the -dsltr. nnd authentic information on the subject of the 3mrortant negotiations for peace -glich are announced to be opssnvl immediately in Paris. All matters of foreiga and doestic z-tcivst are sedulounly attended to in the "Observer,' which, being a etoecth day journal (as well as a weekly one). enjoys a great mietropLt,ncircalation, arising from its containing aU the Saturday's ner ' isinuudmg reetings or public bodies (Itetropalitan B3ord of o'.k-). pabicn dinners, courts of law, Court Circular, theatres, ac. Thcb csms Or the metropolitanparishes, asweli aseverything connected wt.tli the new Mitetropoltan Board ofWorks will be found exclus.-iny in _.c - Observer.' The " ObserverP is published every Sundny msur".g at * o'cloc prica stamPed, 6d., unstanped. r7r An editon ci th - Obs=erver. contabiing all the markets, is also published ev er ils-aday, a, 4 o'clock in the afternoon ; price, stamped, 6a.-OJice,17;, SuaL. [Advertisement.}-Bornco.-Tlis vast sand beautiful island, hitherto s;o little knowzn, is rendered familiar 'o tie V'^g1ir reader bythe "Privato 3Letters ofSir J. Brooks." Itallsch i,awalr, wvho resiided no lesas than 11 yeare io Cluet remot.e par-S cf tbe globe. Durimgthis peried our brave end enterprising oesntm'nrtn Stq iiiiu.lth lIrv., habits, a-nd customs of the inthabitants ( .eaas C is--e, and Drabs or aborirsacs) ; trarsed the interor at the r .r hi liS; describes its due cimate, soil, and productions3mong wL-h neay be specifieddimons, gold, antinyore, coal, mae1 lk.-Sts L terrt, and capabilities, ad the value of its acquisition as ai Pritiri colony. Thiswork-amost remarkable one, byoneof theosO.- rtn-tale men of modem times-may be pronounced an inval'rx oMitonto geography, and tooar knowledgeof Borncoand other :e_..eis en tho Eastern Archipelago. t[Advertisementj}-" landmarks of Engli0i 113,te,y ," 3 rce Is. 6., is just a bool that was mruch wante.L 1 t . I etors of Schools in their report mention it as -t**'.aine ic.out compromise of fidelity, and hbmourous, whir>- L_rscur is suitable, mithout a scoff, It is sketchy. as itstttle n&stsr-, tit t1h outUines are very judisiousty adjustedt the style is gss. dnc oecna and unaffected, occasionally risnrg into poetrsy; and lbe book e thoroughly free from cant. It is the nearestapprusisnar..a ton work On English history that was much waAteAtd-LendoL Lo; -,," Rootletdge and Co., Farringdon-street. ,Advertisement.I-" Dick Tarleton; or, Lesscn-r (J Life," is tse title of the new tale bv John Frederick SnY:z -tae:ct4d author of " Mfinnie Grey " 11 The Soldier of Fortune," ., S t,ow pzbUsh. tng weel in ' Cas9e's Illnstrted Family Paper." It w 't o e,s '. plot, sriking Incidents. remarkable developmefnts of s ..- aud general interest, rn g hitherto written by this Pcl .-.r n thor The demand for the hack numbes of thiq peiodical is n,- .. uus aL4 preseing; but, as this demand cannot be met withaul t c--r:dtrable additional costinthe production, and consequently a.n in',vv ch idarge to the purcbase, the public are respectfully requested .e F- ve th6r orders to their booDscllersinsuittent time to admit of tfos-, t1-t.e: included in the regaLar weekly issue. [Advertisem ent1-" N|olan's Mustatc-T Hisex-y cf the Present Waragainst Russia;" embelished ivthl portr- emsnct commanders, engraved, by special permission, irom er:-,l pictares. Views of the Seat of War, from sethes ta e n 'he Fl!t; -I ttbir I Sea and land; maps plans, le., from the moetautit.Ce5ar5C. Each shilling part contains 40 closely-printed sope.rosal ce,.z o Wofe and tvro steelengraings, executedeexPressly for thewc l* e reedy, neatly bound in scarlet cloth, and gilt, theieist Ic.5 irICe6r. comprising 200 pages and 31 plates. Division2 wail 1t' ,-il4 Ca Vebruary fL Vvrtue and Co.. CitY-road, and 26. Ivy-lane. Lc- don- [Advertisement.]-}"The Waterloo Banaet ..-t ArO ey. house" (70 clebrated portraits), engraved in liae. A fcw si. iY f-e imnpresions of this celebrated plate still remain, pub'sh5l c.' 0lpuincas. present prce, - rae, which wiltbeadvancl- AI i;ty 'o._l th per-' traits and a description accomPany the egra,vinz, s-'L eommemoratesthe mosteelebrated event in the militar a s=eof o country. The plate is dessroyesl-londoO, Thomas Eoys. 4t7, Oaleril, street. Acataloege may be lad orn elcation. - [Advertisement-ntI-dr y ictre of tho "* eif ard tho Lamb." The 1 ArttJournall for February, price "s Cl. ecstains - engravings from' sly's "Wolf and the Lamb the " Walk at Xe ," bv GaineberOogh; and from the growp in mabire of ' Thehleeptog Children, by iT ieefa-ad froma the spatrollCGCtiosn Among tboliteraryceontribut]ons are-'Reeollections of flenneelur; " Jean, pPirce 3)avld(DAEngems) ," "British Anilats--l. f,7 .1. t' 11ODk AiR.A-"iliustested; "AncientArrour,"illus1tra'ed; "A.ct Studio atEirmngham:" "PhetcgraPihicEsbibttio!es "!A-- 'ey ICecrann*'TheAXciteeartuts1tEhibition" "The lelul and lIs titra.C of Xemebrandt,"byF.W.thtrholt.PFSA. ilusrated; "I*;d-.st;, gut and AxtEelncati on,"-V atueaad Co., 25, Paternete-xcw,
ADMIRAL Sfti PDi'UFUXD LYOYS AT - C1MSTCRURCH. YcsAtrdT& wt noon, Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons was qreAtcd, ib. public, with an address of congratulation tVthe iinlabitants of Christlhureb, Hampshire, on tha Occasion of visiting that town, of which he is a native, usd whr re he was born on the 21st of November, 17O I(. The gallant admiral, accompanied by somin of the allem'aers of his faumily, arrived at Winkton, in the nor tediate vicinity of the town, the residence of A4gmiral Walcott, ALP., his cousin, on the afternoon of S inday, and remained there over night. Shortly before 12 'o'clock yesterday he proceeded in an open carriage, in the conypany of Admiral Walcott and M rs. and the Misses Walcott, under an escort of 1G men, ftumished by the Royal Horse Artilery, in command of Mr. Torziano, and preceded by a band of music, to a platforn erected in the centre of the town, where the ceremony of presenting the address was to take place. Lord Arundel and Surrey, the son-in-law of Sir Edinmd, Lord Maltravers, his "randson Mir. Bickerton Lyon-, his son, MIr. Algernon Lyons, his flag-lieutenant, and theiRev. Mackenzie Walcott also formed part of the company. The day was sin"ularly auspicious, the neighbouring gentry for miles ronan were attracted-to the scene, and the town presnted an almost endless series of banners and triumphal arches. On arriving at the hustings Admiral WALCOTr proceeded to present the address to Sir Edmund. He said,-In doing so, he had to offer a tribute of admiration on the part of the inhabitants of that town and neighbourhood, and which was in itself the echo of the acclamations of his country. (Cheers.) T'hey now stood side by side in a position which they nevercould have exp,ected to occupy when as boys they trodthe streets of Christchutch. He (Admiral Valcott) could not but recollect the anecdote related of a n-eat and most successful conmnander, tclat in the height of his eminence he uever could be prevailed upon to forego the sight of his father's house, lest he should lose the object of his eyes and the memory of his childhood. He (Sir Edmund), by his presence ansong them that day, showed that he participated in the same feeling. Born in the samne month, natives of the same hamlet, reared in the same school, and serving their country in the saue profession,-these were no ordinary-ties, and they could both testify that they had cemented, through many years of life, a fraternal affection, unbroken by absence and deepened at every meeting. Time vWould be the best commender of his (Sir E. Lyons') public acts. No words he (Admiral Walcott) could utter w ould be deemed the expression of a too artial repard, when the annals of England would record mn Iiis coitry's friend, who showfed that the way to peace lay, not in seeming desires to avoid war, but in making that denmonstiation of iniiness and resolve which was the most cert.in means to hasten its coming and better its conditions Cheers.)' The gallant Admiral then read the address, which congratulated :ir Edmund on revisiting the sceneof his bth after an eventflI lire spent chiefly abroad in the service of his country. It also related his rise, step by step, in his profession until he smcceeded to the command of the English fleet in the Black Sea, - and how, among other exploits, without the loss of a single ship or a single life, he succeeded in conveying the army from Varna and landing it in the Crimea, where again he performed essential service to the country by the unanimity of his co-operation with tle land force;, by the emulation he inspired, and the example he gave, and by the cordiality of his intercourse with our allies. It likewise complimented him for the heroic devotion which he breathed into the officers and seaanen of the leet, whom he never led but to victory, as at Kertch and Kinburn. The reading of the address was frequently interrupted by the acclamations of the crowd. The Earl of MLMiEssJT,RY then addressed the meeting in a speech of some length, in which he recounted in detail the varnous public servces rendered by Sir Edmund in the course of his life, and eldiogized his gallantry while in command of the fleet in the Black Sea. SirEnaesND LYow-s approached the front of the hustin"s and was received with a round of enthusiastic cheering. MI said, he must, in the first place, expresshisdeep regret for the inconvenience which they had experienced fromthepostponeanent of his visit; but, as had -been already explained to them, that had arisen from circumstances wlich were beyond his control. The gallant admiral, whonm he w-as proud to call his friend and relative, had apprised him of their kind intentions towards him, and he had naturaly thought of some expressions in which to convey to them his deep sense of the honour proposed to be conferred upon him. But their surpwssin kindness and the enthusiastic welcome they had given himlhad gone straight to his heart and filled it with grateful feelings, and he candidly confessed he could notrememnberanythingheintendedtohavo said. (Cheers.) Ere must, therefore, ask them to allow him to express his emotions spontaneously as they.arose. (Cheers.) He was anxious to say to them, what he felt most deeply, that this wvas to lum the proudest and most interesting day of a somewbat eventful life. To feel as he did a man mnst have been abroad and employed in the service of his country for nearly S0 consecutive years. He mnust have returned, A`s he did nowv, not only to his native country, but to his native tone, the place of his birth and the scene of his childhood, where everytbing he saw around him was associated with his earliest and dearest recollections. (Chleers.) But, above all, such a man must feel, as he did isow, the hearty and generous welcome, for which he wvas now iuperfectly ondeavouring to thank them, and which ie should cherish to the Latest hour of his life. He could assure them that both soldiers and sailors, officers -as vell as men, who were abroad in their country's service, were sustained by nothing so much as by the approbation of their countrymen at homne ; and he could conscientionsly say that the proud gratification wlhch he experienced woeld be shared by thousands now under his coinnand in the Mediterranean. The compliment they were now paying nim woldd be reflected on every man in the fleet, and hie vas quite sure that on the day wlhen they received the newvs of the welcome given by the people of Christcliurch to himself one cominon sentiment of gratitude would animate the whlole of them. (Cheers.) fThe emotion of the ga'dlant admiral for a moment stifled Ins utterance.] He wvas not ashamed-far from it-to confess his inability adequately to express all he felt on this interestingoccasion. He should be something less than man if he was not sensibly affected by the scene before him. To express what he felt in words was utterly impossible, and he would only add that, although the cordiar welcome they had given him would vibrate on his ears but once, it would dwell in his memory for ever. (Loud cheers.) The company then repaired to the King's Arms Hotel, wvhere lncheon was prepared, and at which Lord Malmesbury presided. The cloth having been removed, and the uisual loyal toasts- drunk-, The CHsArnru_.s gave " The health of Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons and the heroes of tie Crinea and the Black Sea.' He said, in doiiig so, they would recollect the position of England when this war begun, aud he trusted the people of this country had deduced a lesson and a warning from the events of the last two years, and had resolved that England should never be in such a position again. At ths outbreak of the war, he spoke with a knowledge of the facts when- he said that at one period this country stood upon a volcano. Since the close of the last war suecessive Covernments had neglected to keep up the armaments of the country, and he believed that none of the gentlemen wlho composed those Governments could throw stones at one another, for all had alike neglected their duty. They mieglected it, moreover, despite the repeated warning and advice of the greatest man of the age-the Duke of Wellim,ton; and, as he went down to the grave full of honours and of years, he sat down in sullensilence, wearyof war- ngand weary of giving advice. In 1852, when he (Lord Ma.nesbury) had the honour to hold office, it cameto his knowledce that in this country, surrounded as it was by nations, not perhaps its enemies, but many of them envious of its greatness, wre were in this position-that, with respect to the artillery-he would quote only one instance-there were not o0 gums it for service. (Hear, hear.) That, he believed, was also recently stated by Lord Hardinge, the Conmander-in-Chief. But that was not all. The carriages of those guns were in such an haperfect state that, at thefuneral of theDukeofWellington when it was necessary that an escort of 17 guns should attend his obsequies as a deceased field-mars hal, it was some coniderable time before that number could be found in a sufiicient state of repair to travel safely the requisite distance over the streets of London. (A laugh.) It was not Governments so nuch as the people themselves who wvere to blame for such a state of things. If they were again deceived bythose who spokie or wrote volumes on fals£e economy the sanme thio would happen again, and at a timwe, perhaps, vwhenthey might not have a strong and faithful ally, by whose valour and ce-operation they might bh enabled to brave the world in arms. Such was the state of this country when the war began, and yet, by the entraordinary exertions of our officers, soldiers, and seaPien, in 2&months we hadreduced thecolossal power of Russia to a point of huilia3tion which we never could have expected to attain in so short a jperiod. (Hear, hear.) H[e sincerely trusted that the services of the army and navy would not again be reuired. He hopedth whEich w.as about to be mnade woul dbe a statesma3n-like geace, and one which England could not only conclude with honour to herself, but accept as a guarntee for secinity in the future. (Hear, hear.) From the beginning there seemed to have been the ereatest confidence reposed in Sir Edmund Lyons, and yet ?ie mnist have had moments of deep anxiety and great trouible. We hardly did justice in this country to men w-hom we sent forth to fight our enemies cha rged as they were wsith immense responsibiity and subjected sometimes to an amount of fatigue and privation which we could scarcely imagine. 'Xhe rosition of such miien was difficult and painfuL It was not all honour and glory with them. They must have many sleepless nights and many harassing days of mental fatigue slid exertion. They had, too, occasionally the ignorant calumny of some and the personal pique and cruAel jealousies of others to contend with;- and to resist such adverse inlunences requlired a stout heart and a confident reiance that justice would be done at last. But it wanted no mall amount o,f fortitude to support a mian under such cir- cuintaaices and such cruel attacks, and without that forti- tude a weak man might believe that all the world and all destiny vere against him. They might look forward to distinctions and decrations such as had been accorded to the gallant and distinmuished officer athis side-they might hope -hat temporary failures might be in future turned into great victories; but all those considerations would scarcely support them. The only consolation they could have in moments like those was an approving conscience, which hould say to them, as he said now to hisgallant friend, "You have done your duty." (Cheers.) The toast was drunk with acclamation. A dmiral Sir EDMruN-D LYoNs said,-My lord-, ladies, and gentlemen, yo-a have done me the henour of associating my name -vith the names of those who have distinguished themselves in the Crimean campaign. I only wvish that I felt myself deserving of the Praise that yonL have so kfindly bestowed upon me. But all I pretend to is an honest and earnest desire to do my duty to my Sovereign and my country to the best of my humble ability. (Cheers.) The nature of the present war is such as to afford but few opportunities to feets ot large shipsto takeanyprominent or distinguished -art.. In the lack Sea the Russian feet hag been self-anni* biatcd, cand we had the nsortification of seeing their ships of war sms- beneath the waves by their own hands instead of by our broadsides. In the Baltic, again, the enemy's fleet jas lain a. anchor, secure under the shadow of their own granite walls and stupendous battrflQe§ Tl1e ch, in-chief in the Batic baro hAd to ipor Many daring and successful evnktt5 performed by thez officers and mnen an'tr ilieir cgmmand, and I, on my pars have had thW 'atisfaction of reporting what has taken 'place! in the ?,ea of Azoff, w'.:ere I think I may say Vufnout any fen of contradiction, and with $rfectd ;ety, that the exertions of the commanders-in-c1uef have been seconded by as gallant a hand of young officers as ever went forth in the service of their country. (Cheers.) And here, perhaps, it may not be irrelevant to say that in the course of our ex- pedition there, a letter was intercepted from the Emperor, i in whlich his Imperial Majesty emyhatically declared that i he wou ld almost as soon see the alies in his Palace at St. Petersbu g as in the Sea of Azoff. I should be umgratefalifeIr <tid not on this occasion ackcowledge the good service of the officers and men undermy commaud, which showed itself in nothing more than in a hearty co-operation with the army. They conveyed the troops to the shores of the Crimea; they landed them there; they supplied them with food and MeaWs-me to carry on the siege for 11 months; nor was their sympathy ever wanting in the hour of sickness and suffering; and thus was fostered that kindly feeling between the two services which has from time to time brought forth such good fruits during this memorable campaign. (Cheers.) We saw from the decks of our ships the tattle of the Alma. General Bosquet, with the French division, passed almost within hail of the Agamenmnon, and anything finer than his attack on the enemy's lines could scarcely be conceived. Wle saw the British army ford the Alma and form on the opposite bank under cover of the artillery, which, on that occasion, as on all others, peculiarly distinruished themselves throughout the Crimean campaign. We saw them also capture the POsition of the enemy, which the Russians thought impossible to be carried by any troops in the world. We saw them advance to the attack, and EO striking was tha.t movement that General Ganrobert, at that time second in command of the French army, told ue afterwards that he could only compare it to an English red brick wall supernaturally lifted up from the ground and propeUed forward, so steady, sonmwavering, and so irresistible was that attack (Cheers.) I saw likewise the charge at Bnalallva, and, however that ;.may be criticized in a strategical point of liew, I believe that it will go down to history .as one of the finest and most brilliant cavalry charges that w as ever made since the world began. (Cheers.) No man could have seen that chivalrous action, as I did, without feeling proud of his country and grateful to the gallant band who engaged in it. At the battle of Inkermann, again, I had a stil closer view of that niemomable conflict. On that day great and heroic deeds were porfonmed. Each man in the French and English atsmsy fou"ht as if the fate of the battle and the honour of the aThes depended on his own individual exertions. (Cheers.) And great and glorious were the results, and I should think oF it to the end of my days with the greatest plecasure and satisfaction, did there not come with it the alloy of the battlefield ; but that is the natural and inseparable concomit.ant of w.ar. WFe saw, too, from the decks of our ships the final attack on Sebastopol, in which, h:owever, a violent gale of wind prevented us taking part. We saw- all the alternations of the struggle of three hours which terminated sotrimuphantlyfortheatlTies. Wfesaw the French rush out from their trenches into the Mlalakhoff. WVe saw also their attack on the Little Redan, where, after performing prodigies of valour, they were unable to maintain a position. The attack on the Great Redan was to some extent concealed from our view by the intervening hills, but I am wel acquainted with the position and the circumstances of the attack-; and here I may perhaps be permitted to say in reference to it, that while our brave allies, the French, favoured by the nature of the ground and protected by the fire of toe Englsh hatteries, were enabled to carry their sap within 30 or 40 yards of the Malakhoff, it was not so with our troops. Every step they took was enfiladed by the enemy's batteries, and they were unable to approach nearer than from 220 to 240 yards of the Great Redan. Nevertheless, our trooPs, when called upon, rushed out of the trenches to the attack, and although decimated, and more than decimated, in their passage across the intervening ground, they succeeded in effecting a lodgment in the battery, and would probably have retained it, but they found that, unlike the 31alakhoff, which was enclosed aU round, the Redan was open in the rear, and thus the enemy was enabled to pour in an overwhelhing body of troops, and so to recover the position as often as it was wranched from them. There is another circumstance, also, which is not generally known but of the truth of which I assured myself by asking General Niel the other day in Paris. When the French suade their unsuccessful attack on the 18th of June, it was discovered afterwards that they had only spiked the enemy's guns imperfectly, which in their retreat were unavoidably turned upon our allies. A more positive order on this subject was sabsequently issued, and on the 8th of September aU the guns in the Redan were too effectuaUy spiked by the English, and thus rendered useless to repel the advance of Use enemy's hordes from the rear. It was utterly impossible to withstand the overpowering numbers that rushed in. But I glory in being able to say that never was British courage nsore conspicuously displayed than on that day. (Loud cheers.) The example of the gallant Welsford, who fell gloriously in the action, and of the brave Handcock, who was killed at the hbad of his corps, wil never be forgotten; stiUl less that of General W indhamn, who amnid a shower of bullets, and, as if he had a charmed life, stood unscathed on the ramparts, urging on his muen to the attack. (Cheers.) It may be said of them, as Lord St. Vincent said to Lord N elson after his temporary want of success in his attack with gunboats on Boulogne :-" It is not in mortals to command success, but you have done more, you have deserved it." The result of aU these heroic deeds is that the allies stand on vantage ground on the eve of negotiations. If these negotiations terninate in a safe and honourable peace, and comprise effectual guarantees for insuring its permanence, then aU the objects of the war wil he attained. But we must not forget the proverb-",Si sis maccsm para bcdlur,t." There will be no relaxation on our parts in preparing for a continuance of tIe war, so that, if the enemy will not listen to reason and shall preventpeaeeheingmade, we maylook confidently, through the blessingof God and a righteous cause, to anothergiorious campaign. (Cheers) Mty Lords and gentlemen, I have spoken hitherto of the honors and glories of war. I would now velnture to mention an episode in the last campaign of a ch.aracter that will come home to the hearts of all persons residing in Hampshire and this immediate neighbourhood tpeculiar mterest,-I speak of tie benevolent acts of i-htinaale and of the ladies with whom she has been associate INerwork of mercy in the East. (Cheers.) I speak tvith knon-ledge of the facts when I tell you that it has fallen to the lot of but few women to do the good that they have done. To dilate on those acts would be anparfluous; no tongue can do justice to themi; but I trust they are registered in Heaven, as I know they are engraved on the hearts of thousands of their countrymen. (Loud cheers.) I hope youi will do me the justice to believe that it is im- eossble for any man to feel more sensible than I do of the Ionoiir which has been paid to me, not only in this room hut out of doors, andlI shall return to my comrmand ,with an increased desire, if that be possible, to do my duty. (Cheers.) Several other toasts w-ere drunk and r~esnded to, and, on the separation of the company, Admiral; Lyons returned to the residenc of his relative, Admiral Walcott.
THE Ro9AL CHARTER SrETmusu.-The leviathan iron screw steamship Royal Charter, Captain Boyce, which put back to Plymouth on Saturday, cleared the Fairway buoy, at Liverpool, at 8 o'clock on the evening of Friday the 18th inst., and continued under steam until Saturday afternoon, when her screw was unshipped and she was put under canvas only. Meeting strong contrary winds, she got into the Bay of Biscay, and on Thursday last, near the coast of Portugal, experienced a tremendous hurricane froma south-south-west, in consequence cf which it was determined to bear up, and in the evening the screw was reshippel. The Royal Charter registers 2,785 tons, and has on board, it is said, 2,850 tons of cargo and 600 tons stone ballast. This large freight causes her to be too much immersed at sea, and she took in water so freely, when encountering strong contrary winds, that all the second-class berths were untenantable. The fears of Dr. Soresby and the ship's surgeon assisted in inducino Captain Boyce to return. The repairs of her covering %oards and topsides and the discharge of a portion of her ballast -will detain her .at Plymouth aoout a week. It appears that the 600 tons of balLast were taken in at LiverDool before the amount of cargo was known, and that goods came pouring n unexpectedly as the period of departure approached. Her managers, however, considered that the narrowness of her beams would justify the reception of her present lading, as it would tend to stiffen her at sea. This calculation was carried too far. On th trial trip she drew 1S feet; she now draws 22 feet 6 inches. Forwanrd she is providedwithanirontak,containiugl2,000 gallons of water. The weight of this tank and that of the chain cable and anchors send the ship down by the head, and consequently raise her by the stern, through which the operation of the rudder was very much reduced, and connected with another circumstances it became almost useless. When the scre - isunshipped it is raised out of the ama sufficient heig at to be clear of the suface, if she is properly laden, but with her present cargo she is so deep that one of the fans of the screw was constantly acting as a fixed radder, obstructing the progress of the vessel, and preventing her from answering her helm. With the excephon of her being overladen, the passengers speak highly of the ship, and warmly appreciate the conduct of the captain and the officers. It is a singular coincidence, that the Aberdeen sailing clipper Star of Peace, 1,200 tons, Captain Sproat, which left London for the same destination on the 17tt inst., the day before the Royal Charter left Liverpool, should, like her competitor, be now tnder repair in Plymouth Sound. Both ships are new, and heavy stus have been staked en their passages to Sydney. The Star of Peace, which rolled away her saintopmaat on Wednesday last in the Atlantic will he ready for sea to-morrow. STRAN-GE SALVAGE.-A few days smce, in conversation with Captain Alexander Scott, one of the pioneers in the steamboat business of the West, he gave us the following facts, which illustrate the adage, that "truth is stranger than fiction." In November, 1827, he was descending the Mississippi in command of the steamer America, laden with a valuable cargo of tobacco, lead, and furs-the last article alone worth $80,000. When near Plumb Point the steamer struck a snag and sonk in deep water. The furs were for the most part recovered, but the boat, with the rest of her cargo, was abandoned as a total loss. Years pas_ed, and the remembrance of the America's fate had faded from the recollections of all, except, perhaps, that venerable incdividual, "the oldest inhabitant." It is well knowin that the current of the Mfississppi frequently changes, so that what was once the chaunel of that noble s ream afterwvards becomes teirajflraza, susceptible of cultivation. This was the case w ith the site of the Ainerica's wreck. The 6hannel near Plumb Point became an island, on which for eight years luxuriant crops of Indian corn were raised; but recently the wayward current of the Father of Waters took another turn, and 'commenced washing away the earthy formation; until the America was again exposed to the light of day. The lead inher hul,it is supposed, will be ail recovered in good condition;* the tobacco, it is fair to p resume, will be slightly the w orse for wet. She was sunk on the 17th of Nfovemnber, 1827, and consenently was embedded for 28 years.-Pitsburg Post, Jan.
!?ArLThAY INTELLIGENCE. RAILWAY REFORM A meeting, of railwvay Proprietors resident in Liverpool, MLanchester, and the adjoining towsn was held yesterday, at Lirerpool, for the purpose of bearing a statement from Mr. MLaIims. There was a limited, though influential attendance, and the chair w.as occpied by Mr. Lawrence Heywlorth, MY. The CHAIRsArN said the question they had met to discuss was one of vital importance. No one who had been engaged in railway matters so long, for inistance, as himself-namely, since the introduction of the railvay system into this country-but msust have seen that there was a crying evil somewvhere, which was despoiling the finest property ever brought into action by mankind, robbing them of the just profits due to those cngaged in nppropriating their capital to the construction of so beneficial a work for the general interests of the country. It was desirable that they should find out, if possible, what evils had been thus destroying a fine property. (Rear, bear.) Mr. M1alins was present to give them his views, but before in,troducing him he wonuld briefly observe that of nany of his statements reportedinthehLondonpapers onWednesdaybhehighlyapproved, but there wvas one statement with which he was not satisfied. If he understood what that gentleman had said, it was that the extension of branch lines was not unprofitable to original proprietors. Now, he (the chairman) thought it was precisely the point from which their evils caine. He believed that if they had kept theirgreat arterial railways distinct and separate from unprofitable branches they wounld now have been receiving a just remuneration of 10 per eent, for their money. (Cheers). Havingnreferred to the reckless competition of the rival lines between Liverpool and Southport, oiwned by the Lancashire and Yorlishireand East Lancashire Railway Companies, as an instance of the ruinous nature of suwch protced ure, fr. Hey worth introduced Mr. MArlEls who at sine length stated the objects of the newly-formed association. The capital employed upon the railways of this country was, lie said, eight times larger than that employed inl the cotton trade of the country, upon which the welfare of England so msuch depended. It wvas a most remark-able thing that propoert of this magnitude should have been permitted to fall into decay. Some rail ways, it was true, had risen in value, but the great majority had depreciated. They had the solution of this in the fact Ithat the prosperous concerns were better managed, that they thus secured public jconfidence, and rose even in the present tinues. There was no reason, therefore, why the samc good m.nagensent should not be applied to all the railway property in the kingdom ; and it wvas to secure this object that the association which now sought their co-operation had been established. The distrust of the public arose in great imeasure from a belief that there was no distinction between capital and revenue accounts; and, if such were the case, as they all knew full well it was, a msore fatal error could not be conceived; for, unless a distinct mode of operation were adopted, a great part of the railway capital would be applied to revenue purposes. He could not over-estimate the importance of setting this matter right. The public men of this country prided themiselves that they did not hold a single railway share, but they would not hesitate to invest in foreign debentures of all kinds, and, unless they stopped this state of things, the large surplus capital of the country going outwould proeduce disastrous results, for in such a case the balance in the Bank- of England dimiiinished, the rate of discount rose, exchanges turnedagainst thenm, wvhat was called the " bank screw" was applied, prices cause downl, and widespreadruim, such asoccurred everyfive or seven years, such as t ey had in 1847, and again recently, followed. It was not a question of individual profit, but of national safety and welfare. (Cheers.) In reference to the objection of the chairmsan to the extension of branch lines, lie might explain that the way he treated that part of the question was that if it were a fact that extension had ruined the railway interest, tbey could not set it right,-the thing was done; but if, notwithstanding that extension, there was ample profit for the investment of their mioney, then railway extension was a minor point cosupared with the argument that a large portion of their traffic was worked not only without profit, but at great loss. (Hear, hear.) The objects of the assooiation were most clearly stated in the commercial article of The Timnes on the day following the meeting in London,-naisely, "to bring into play a combined influence sufecient to arrest extravgant ex7nditurc, recklecssmanagement, and nsischievonslegislation.' (Cheers.) Having given statistics showing the cost of the railways of the country, and the retrurns upon the capital invested, for the purpose of showving that for the isninense capital thus in operation no interest was allowed to the originial shareholder, he showed that the North-Western Railway had increased their capital from 14,000,0001. to nearly 33,000,000., while they had reduced their dividend to nearly one-half within the same period. They should remember that it was the last proportion of the earnings of the railways that belonged to the shareholders, the first half going for working expenses, the next half of the remainder for interest upon charges, and the last quarter to the shareholders for their profit. (Hear, hear.) lieductions had been made in the charges for passengers and goods, and the loss fell upon the original shareholders. (Hear, hear.) Another grievance was the goods-carrying monopoly enjoyed by certain houses, and lie cited the case of a friend w.he, having to forwand 1,500 bales of Manchester goods over the railway, could not do so until he had paid a M1anchester house is. a-bale. It would be better for all parties, thought Isis friend, and so thought he, if they w ere to send the goods to the railways tienmselves, and let them receive the advantage of carrying it. (Cheers.) Having introduced soine of the arguments and ttsbogtforw.-ard at the London meeting, Mrr. MTalinss concluded"by submittingt for the consideratiosn of the meeting the resolutions published in The Times of Saturday. lr. WRIsGLEY-, of M1anchester, paper msanufacturer, had come to this mseeting with the intenltion of givimig his adhesion to the movement, if he found tist the objects of the new association were of anractical nature, asd calculated to secure the symupathy and co-operation of tme sharehsolders. He was formerly on the direction of the East Lancashire Company, but he retired wnith disgust at tle want of moral prauciple evidenced in the conduct of the coinpany's affairs. HTe believed that uznless seine speedy n,eans of preventing further losses vere adopted dies s ee depreciation go from one step to another until tIe whole railway interest -was absorbed in various charges. (Hear, hear.) There was one very striking feature of the present day The whole railway official interest was banded torethcrhad become a sort of craft; mid he was inclincdtolook forward to the time when they would see their property in the hands of the officials. He believed tIe mismianagement arose in a great useasure from the facility which railvay directors and railvay managers, when they foumid a dleficiency of revelsue to pay the dividends, had of availing theniselves of money from tle capital account. In that was included the evils of branch lines, iiicreased number of engines, anid squamiderings of all descriptions. (Chleers.) If there had been nopossibilityof obtainingtthisimoneyfor these purposes somnething wvould have been done before nolv to cbange the u-hole character of railway nianagenment. (Hear, hear.1 In the course of further discussion, MIr. GEORGE MAXVELT, a magistrate of the boroughs of Liverpool, tlrew out a suggestion that it wvould be best to appoint conuuittees in Liverpool, Mancliester, and other large towns, to co-operate with the central committee in London. By this means a unity of action and commisunity of interests would be developed, wvhich could imot fail to secure the support of the great body of shareholders in the country. (hear, hear.) On the proposition of the chairman, a resolution, approving the objects of thIe Railw-ay Reform Association, was adopted; and, on the further propositioii of Mlr. HEALY of Liverpool, a director of several local coimpaniies, the following gentlemen, with power to add to their immusiber, wvere appointeda comumittee to consult with the eoiimiiittee in London-namely, MIr. Lawrence Heywvorth, MitP, and MIessrs. George Mlaxwell, Alexander M1'Gregor, Robert tXloon, John H1ighifield, and Maxwvell HiS]On. The resolutiosi w.as un.anilmmiusly adoptas, and a vote of thaisks to Mr. Malins terminated the proceedings. NORTH STAFFORDSHIRE. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held yesterday at Stoke-upon-Trent. Mr. J. L. Ricardo, XdP., the chairman, presided. The report of the directors, an abtstract of -hich has appeared in The Timnes, having been taken as read, The CHAIceLay moved that it be received aiid adopted. It was, he said, the 20th time that he had had the pleasure of moving a similar resolution for adoption by the shareholders, and he certainly thought it wms very satisfactory and creditable not only to the compaiiy geneially, but especially to the directors, that the sanme board of disectoers was addressing them at the 20th half-yearly meeting as at the first half-yearly meeting of the company, because it showed that the board retainedthe confidence of the proprietary. It was further a satisfactory position both for the dirsctors and proprietors to be in, because they had had serious difficulties to cncounter. Many years ago, when the great coinpanieawere paing seven, eight, and even nine per cent., the drectors cac dated their own dividends in a somewhat similar proport:on. They calculated, for instance, that if the M1idlnd Company could pay 8 per cent-the dividend that company w%as then paymg-they night assuredly reckon that the traffic on the North Staffordshire would also pay S per cent. They did not then know that dividends were paid out of capital, so theirassumptions were as false as the principle upon -which the companies paid their dividends. It wvas most giatifying to him and the other directors to find that the proprietors in this company had not, as other proprietors had done, turned round upon the directors and accused them of all sorts of crime, because their railvay property was not so good as they had expected it to be; but, on the other hand, they had still extended to them their confidence, and had enabled them to make the best of the circumstances in wvhich they were placed. (Cheers.) Agreements had been thrown over, and where they had expected friends they had found enemies. The confidence extended towards the directors by the proprietors under these trying circunistances was fully appreciated by the board, and if that confidence were continued he doubted not that the board wIold he able to place the ndertaking in a satisfae- tory Ioiin.Iwa the object of these wohdbo p posedrto tohenmto Isow discord bectween the board and the proprietary, as then they would be better enabled to carry thelr own views into practice. At the last half-yeariy meeting of the com pany a certain policy was suggested by the directors which seemed to mect with the approbation of the proprietors, and in conformity with that suggestion the directors brought an action against the London and NorthWestern Comnpany for the recovery of a suim of usone which they believedI to be due to them. The resut of that action, - so far as it had procucded, was stated in the report, and he could. not do better than read that jirtion of the report whlich alluded to this matter, The directors i their report stated that "an action was conmmeniced to recover the sum of 37,7041. 6s. lld., the balance of the 43,9781. 7s. 8d., which, as announced to the meeting, was then due from the London and North-Western Company, but which was reduced by the payment of 6,274!. Os 9d., subsequently made by them on account of the Manchester traffic, under the agreement of I850. In answer to this action the London and North-Western, Company have thoughtfit to place upon record 39 pleas, embracirig every variety of excuse for the non-fulfilment of the agreement, and setting up all sorts of contradictory ar- guments in avoiO-, O.-iigto sbire claim in the or hmttigaton of the Nlorth Stafford- he one hand, they deny that they are indebted to Ie eompanyn at all, while, on'the other, they pay into 9cegt a mun of 6,9721. Os. 6d. as a liquidation of the .eDt. In one plea they state that they never entered into an agreement, and in another they declare that they have performed it; and they put forward an argument irreconcileable with either-that the agreement was illegal and beyond their powers." Now that, in his opinion, gave a fair statenment of the position in which theywereplaced, and it justified them in the course they had adopted, because during the -whole of the correspondence he had ad with the North-Western Company he had failed to obtain from them thc admission that they owed this comnpany a single enny; but no sooner was the action brought than theypaid a sur into court. (Har.) Upon whatsort of calculation the NorthWestern had paid this num into court he could not say, but tie result so far justified them in ing their claim. He would not go further into this subect at present. He might, however, say that their legal advisers were of opiuuon that they had a good case, and he trusted that upon the next occasion of their meeting he should be enabled to state that they had vindicated their rights, and that they had established their claim in justce, if not in law. He had himself no doubt at all about the imatter. (Cheers.) The next thing suggested by the board, of wehich he believed he might say they had tohe authority of the proprietary to carry ouxt, was to look- out for an extension of their line to Liverpool. Accordingly they had a line surveyed, and they deposited their plans in the proper quarter; but the directors, with a consideration for the interests of the proprietors which he trustedthey would ever manifest, deemed it pradent not to persevere for the present with the proposed lines. They were led to this determination fromarecollectionof the tightness of the money-market, and that to many proprietors it would be almost ruinous to make them pay up at par upoIn shares which were at a discount in the market. jHear, hear.) They also deemed it unwise to issue preference shares or in any way to put a burden upon the company from wlhich they had hitheito been free. Nevertheless, they did not forget that the policy of that companywas from the beginning to obtain an outlet for their traffic at Liverpool, and they never neglected any mieans which promised to give them so desirable a consummation. He then explained the arrangement that had been made by the directors with respect to the Bridgewater property and canal. He (the clainnan) considered the arrangements a very desirable one for the South Staffordshire Company. Ten years ago they made a similar arrangement w ith the Trent and iMersey Canal Company, but not under such advantageous circumstances, as it wvas not then known what effect the railway would have upon the traffic of the canal; while as it regarded the Bridgewvater property the effects of railway competition had been fully tried. It anght he a satisfaction to the proprietors to know the comparative traffic carried upon their own canal in the five years ending 1846 and the five y. ars ending 1854. In the five years from 1842 to 1846 inclusive, 6,091,597 tons were carried on the canal, and from 1850 to 1654 inclusive, 6,723,650 tons were carded, and it was during the latter period that the NKorth Staffordshire Railway had entered into fuU coumpetition -with the canal. (Hear, hear.) They also, by means of the railway staff, had been en.abled to reduce the expenditure on the canal from 63,6341. during the former five years to -15,0901. in tho latter period, or a saving of sometling like 5,000L a-year. They had had to pay a rental of 5 per cent. on the canal property, but they had not only earnea that 5 per cent., but they' had in mne years earned 87,0001. in addition (cheers); so that the canal of itself had been a profitable investlment. They had also every reason to believe that the arrangement they proposed to make with the Bridgewater trustees would bea rofitable one to themii-indeed, he knew parties w ho w.-ould be glad to take the bargain off their hands, and give them a bonus for their agreenment. (Cheers.) In their agreensent wilth the Trent and MUersey Canal it w;as stipulated that the ssinsmmeei tolls then charged should be the amxia:Xwuma which the North Staffordshire Company would charge, but in the agreement with the Bridgewater t rstees they would not be clogged by such an understanding. The terminus they would gain at Liverpool ould be us-st invaluable to them, as they would be able totake their t affiealongside thesships in dock- an advantage not possessed by the London and North-Western Company. A great portion of the traffic between Hull and liverpool went now by way of Manchester, but of course by the new arrangement they would get that Iraffie alonw 90 miles of their own canals, and by means of the Trent deliver it at Hull. A year or two back they were hemmed in on aU sides by the LJondon and North-WVestern, the Mlidland, and the Manchester and Shefield Companies, and it was under those circumstances that he consented to a 4 per cent. guaranteed dividend from the London and North-Western, though he believed at the time that they were not estimated at their full value. Since then their local traffic had increased, and they were now getting free of the London and NorthWestern, and Midland. They should, he hoped, have an opening to Liverpoel, and by means of the Leicester ana Hitchin they wvould get an independent outlet to London. (Cheers.) The Cannock line would also enable them to carry their minerals betwveenNorti and South Staffordshire. Ati present a considerable interchinge of minerals wascarried on between these disricts, and still further traffic mlight be ex-pected now Uhaf the mineral property in the neighbourhood of the Cannock line was about to he developed. Mr. B DRonsIes seconded the motion. MIr. AvnrTox spoke in favour of the agreem ent. Mr. B-Rova expressed his gratification at the prospect of the con,sany becomsing independent of the London and North-WVestern Company MIr. BlsAsLxv MNfOORE stated that the Bridgewater trustees wvere now opening a comuunication vith the docks in Liverpool, which would enable them to take fiats alongside ships, and thus a further advantage, not taken into account in the agreement, would be secured to the North Staffordshire Company. The motion for the adoption of the report was then put and carried unanimously. A resolution authorizing the direetors to proceed in Parliament with the agreement entered into with the Bridgewater trustees was next submitted and carried all but unanimously-Mr. Salt being the only dissentient. A dividend at the rate of 4 per cent, per annum (less income-tax) was then deelare, paable on the 22d of February. A vote of thanks to the chainran and directors having been unanimously accorded, the meeting separated. BILLS IN PARLEA.IEN'YT. Yesterlmay the standing orders were declaredto be complied With in the following cases, heard bythe examining barrsters (Messrs. Smith and May) - COrK AND Yous.mt.-To authorize the company to extend their line into Cork, the estihate of Mr. Brunel, the engineer, being 100,000!., including the purchase of the r.ecessary property. BAN.sBIDGE Juxcnox.-To increase the original capital fromn 40,0001. to 60,000., and to alter the name of the Banbridge, Newry, Deblin, and Belfast Junction, to that of the Banbridge Junction Railway. ABERDEEN AND SCOTTISe MiDLAND JuNcTOs ASsALGA)TATION.-To unite these lines, to make arrangements as to capital, and to authorize station arrangements with Perth and Dunkeld. NoiRTH SwxFyoriSniRE.-Extension from Sandbach to Warrilgton. NonRss-WiEsTERn oF IREsTSD.-To make a line from Strokestowvn to Castlebar, with power to Midland Great Western to subscribe. The proposed capital to be 320,0001. The standing orders were not comphed with in some minor points, and its further consideration wvas adjourned to the ith of February. RAILWAYS IN THE UNITED STATES. It appears fromn a return of railways in the United States of America that 21,450 miles were open for traffic on the 31st of December last, being an increase of 2,010 miles during 1855. On the 31st of December, 1850, 8,850 miles were open for traffic, being a longer nfileage by 600 ifles than that nowv open in the united kingdom. At the end of the year 1851 the mileage in the United States was 10,680; of t e year 1852, 13,320; of the year 1853, 15,510; of 1854, 19,440 ; and of 1855, 21,450; the mileage opened in each Bear being respectively 2,030 miles, 2,-140 miles, 2,190 miles, 3,430 miles, and 2,010 miles. It is estimate 1 that the cost of the 21,450 miles of railway was about 140,030,000l., or at the rate of 6,5501. per mile. The lenath of railway open for traffic at the end of last year, in nle State of New York, was 2,733 miles; in Ohio, 2,702 mniles; in Illinois, 2,240 miles; in Pennsylvania, 1,768 nliles; in Indiana, 1,590 miles; in Massachusetts, 1,220 miles;* in Virginia, 1,030 miles; in Georgia, 1,000 miles; in South Carolina, 770 mdies; in Connecticut, 690 miles; in New Hamip shire, 600 miles; in Maine, 520 miles; in Maryland, 50 i miles; in North Carolina, 501 miles; in Michigan, 472 miles; in Tennessee, 464 miles; in New Jersey, 457 miles in Vermont, 454 niles- in Alabama, 336 mles; in Wisconsin, 285 miles; in Kentucky, 239 miles;* in Louisiana, 230 miles;* in hti. bsippi, 215 miles;in Missouri, 138 miles; in Rhode sland,:', ailes; in Iowva, 87 miles; in Delawrare, 62 mriles; in Texas, 40 miles; and in California, 21 miles. Th e number of main lines of railwvay is 296; and of branlches and extensions, 34; together, TRLAFIC RETURNS. Mi8 Pa- mer- Tetal, Ttal, EsCwaps. cOPu. rangers. cbandise. 1858. 1855. Week cDn& gfc.29. if £ £ . £. (hagI Tnank of Canada .. 31. - ..- .- .. 8,332 Wcek ending Jam 19. Londondervy and Coleraine 36 .. 101 . 226.. 327. 214 Week; ending Jan. 21. Northern f F nce.. .. - .. - .. - .. 34,96 .. 28,74S Week eading Jan. 2. LeadOn, llmigstoa, a Suth Coat ..... .. 1831... 7,204 .. 2,473 .. 9,677 .. 8,1-1 South-Es.tem .. .. - .. - .. - -. 14,843 .. 11,733
PINuTneG A NEWSP.421R u; Tim WOODS !-We are doing what, perhaps. has never been done in the United States before -we are printing the Wisconsin AIirror in the woods-not a dwelluig, except our own, within half a mile of us, and only one within a mile i The forest oaks hang over our office and dwelling, the deer and rabbits are shy around us, and thepartridgesand quails seek ouracquaintance by venturing nearer and nearer our doors. The noble Wiscousin is bearing onward its immense burdensof ice, majestically and 6ilently, within siqht of our windows, and the snow-capped hills, covered with scattered oaks and uines, reer up in the distance. There is romance and reality in all this, and ve feel almost willing to publish a paper in such a location just for the excitement of the thing. But most of the romance is soon to be spoiled. Already several dwellings are in progress near us, and before many weeks they are to be occupied by enterprising neighbours; and, when spring and sammer shall come, we expect such a clatter of axes and spades and trowels and saws and hammers, that we shall hardly be able to write our editorials without introducing uore or less of the confusion. The fact is, we expect a larg e village-yea, a ity-to grow up rapidly around Its; and that is why we are here-printing in the woods !-Wisconsin 3firror, Jan. 1.
SALES BY AUCTION. Carvet and Gllder's'Stock~-IZ ath lion-lace, Oxford-street.-unre ~ ESSRS. OBINS w el SE by AUCTION, on thed Porerri to-morrownst, Janur 30th, modern tHOUEHOaiDn SULTOCKUof comprisand GILedER fmtue?,consimtin bfchimneywand droessing glaher gilead rom ahogany drmes,g roomeofte allhimnd,faed aondsuleaned prints,I silverin benchtwit cthree toansoforweigt, tinfoil,s ackiqg-cosiademaogany sZ dobleoaicedsk, andTh muisctuelloneou vewfe ts, daw preview, and e ae,a( catalogues hado.te re M . ESSS. ROBINSONs recnvd isrucBSons are sin- sitrstd to COELITION, ath GPremises on, Troesrose, Stb. J1hn it wood To-orrw. te 30h ish, t 12ath moemevaleonUSeHOdroes, t and othr edROOMd aticles.-drawitngro suIte chimney-(La, cosle and paettable,icalots. a g4otv otg infren dtren Absolute Reversion to £2,000sConsois 1IrR. SPEARM has recoi-ed instru sio-ns onsubd LVI. it t COMPTITIN, atGarrway' on uesdy,eb.s a2. st lZ the ASOLUTE EVERSIO to 0Theo~erCcthe rstandingmn te na1mtue, of( tuhemconatGlen eralpo, alnndeciabldo Watherd, cesTo enleman, b agelod, byorder-of,thBedford-row, Grys-n. M R. PEARAN wil SEL byAURTION, atL Garrway~. onTuesay, ebrary 28 t1, ihn lots, ae gente AncghtaroomedeHrn wt fOrecol Paindigs Wateoordm 2 Dvrea-iv- Honuses2, andthloegrdens 91 2 nd9,oassil-saetoKaad rofad,croucng byd woeekytnns£3m. hl o 8yasa mWlerate stdes,sodment aoevee, ypriso o h epc Gnines Fapitaluretfold hn,Sle Tapt lgn adWse,d, TelesCobietb Doanond (by eiraderof) th-e Etecutos, remoe.fo SESR. S RICHORDSand EILLARTywAllTSELL by S L yACTION, at theigraRom,8,lanryle.n ipiRom%3 adgtn,nonThursday. Jan. 31, at1wor1 om aialscndbnbouSE rHOLD eterOUltEHLngD waRdrbe bUedscttaelads edng,or and chamberottns, vaiouunin otalies, cair,sidebarsmd, faittinms tey-glasoa Brufsels ofanmdeTrne shope, curtains, bmo"ok-mo, ironsdhesp,a&, Notinechin;alo andeut-glasntsicturs,otiuts linren,ginaenprttas, and effets,lO viwteda ur anethdcataliogue ready.usoteucierte Ancmietuc I'anefmodeksngrLingns&, oilPainigs,Wter-n,clourcDawing,1 lagNortheoak wit.oh lavs,wooe. ELOTIGOO aD wBliELL,To-willrSEL bWenesaUCT3In 2ON,loat ther apRooms,a22 FUetsree,THIS otheVeNsting Jaonuay2.andfu thdrefolowi,ndsoevenings, y ata6, anetns ivendolletio bof nien and ormouladerENlabmandiSgurs,man frmedandeloki glred; 8ood abu 5 z fueu largttde, sclued; mlanyd athouesan5D voplar modernk suenbectss; valuable Britis tande foreig portraits,a speseultiverviepait ings, h-& caitl orfo fnl bllleos, careuakbo tandy, &C. Manb viewedne andpp cataogerstr had. f7r nod % iioe-tet Sathblle-row-Mce,Ofrn -mturee.-Shlmnsii-'lasqselriCabnofres, Focs. neousewo aie in b oaio) Effects; picpR removed fromprvtreincs AllRlao.PoriCHArRDS wl SL by AUCTION, o h rmss gfod reato Rooms T3ursat,bene-plaee, atHI DAY, ate, aUNI In abianuedtead-Wstandsumterroa mahGanyin claHouscheslad curai chamer, wo latebagtuletbes unnglt and varouseffcts On iew,oan catalogue hart.MsmBro n SrsRoset T Torraington-squareis and Fixurte-d teaers n th TR TALNwlSELby AUGCTION, at theALtTI A,Jnay2.i w os the mpthe Roos,D3,CPadinton-ren.Non.Tursay Jan.3heWes without TresrvingthonsuSEHcontinn l' _p:r.prtURned rctaeptianroforte cond theniandsom chambrved mahdoganyi counters, hetensive unextsuodraers. eroys, vyarios cutm Landy ole atgls,arsoandretfettns ther ania effecs ofa modrn op,40moveiuntromsto.et, Branswise-pquare, hettng place, 1'addlngtondm-En Pctures S.S OSlh-ank t ond s-wood. L b 1lrR.AELGOO] wil SheLLHr,N. alml, To-morrow( ned), mode at12okiocl, the aproperiteyUtIUI of t.F ae~Eq,'hree tsittin room aatuandfeal edt mos, andsomqgie cinygassurneo and giuautdofles woods, abyouta10inreO usrectfuloplte, pltedio aftices 000vtets, ofnbooks opng mkany s rpictu res,ngcutfablic glaeem, incdin amdesserthservic, ax Sir.UppErsBakerset, rAnd oAM. Elgore, 9.R8, Fim Wle-Topba. R.vRedmwr-vSfR.e. J.irie Lhimney-gases Pianofre,y ul si.e BFse Table, a.A few Spcmnsio e ot,and G.Chamber - W.eousfet;picpllnremLA.ed fro111m priatereidencs jJSF.PolebyRACTI G. a Smthei gAato .o Tuesday,uebur A. capital modem. FUNTUE hincudig heusa appsendge th vedrwi and dinin prooms, tloibary,an hall chiMney-claPssers in gil frme, Palfl-ml-srdblir al,paofre,vss n mmn laoseo1s efIcts MaydbetvieweHadsthe dayupeceding umthesae, and cata-e logunesta Patnheoforces oftItb aesrsdEhwrth anodJaes Cabinle-sawd ReblentstDree,aindRo 19. Cage-aley. ComBrozs n hm,5DLos ofrixtosc-Furrtfre, Pihte Lien rogas andet of fects. ltPrpieo,wlSELb AUCTION onL theyAemses Effm-road,BratoneRos,2,OdBodsre, on Thursday, Januay3.a.2,teFRI Tfle-an comRNIsing dinngitn fbueoy and drwnommmletnmhog any, nole dmneu-lase, Brquselsie and othercarpetabe, spianofre ron, forps,aoheirs besteveados anoedig mahoganyan warntodrobes, chest HofpdraweGrs Wabns h saldsrpino ithniems, ah small qantityffeplte,o le,cna,e andbos,acaialsranhose well bul Ro. hn,e a evee theE(lyYprecdwingan mom. in o salne,whnsfcatalgesd smaybthdon the prEmises:AUNd atth auctioneterss,offices. w0 Sutton-stree, BelveDe-rAd, thambethJa., t Ite unlmuptey-WesL,thensuer-riord.-GeN ui clean Hous "ehold Fcmi9-tim icludin po fused anrlbd Fomf ndfesisrom,uie 'V R SWIDOUGASLwLl SEL by,CAUCTIonth T bv remsesv, aTomesrrsw Bart1onrand Sons Rooms,WestmURInTeR-ra,oppost the emaleorpany Asylum. THISnndAY FTues-h aday),n Jandri2. t 2.thMEFETS;-comprsisin panofrt, Brmlasa seocarets, horechi airbles, chais,s noblraer,chimneydsoe prints mhoandsomer cok hall ito,nmb aqeer firo cbedstead, CouchiandFrch cand ohrint ]ander chritme,10asfeate es and bemns lo addn, chests of drawers mahogoinyweatheroedtt kithn rdauiaskNilse oc moan view.tCola anoguesol Wender Bhandfrons, aEsew.s ricitor 1, esina,glass1pltre,t and jote a utepeie;adof the auctioneer, Westinste-road FreeoldGrom(land the Retg,and Luner-steet.~anonig o4 ISS.DNST and EY are instructed to SELL iLby AUCTIO.N. at theMl,art, THI 'Dusay. JanrUary.i 7atwo2 tlots thoeaitoi BESDnowlCE, with Weosseyonard, ona the westnside aHofvowy,metatbeambpero andnumestirehofie,hldfHoruneexpiScredtro ott 64e1 y ,earzfomLady-ayt96atoi algrodenntof £212per annunum'o arelso iesDwelling-house, t.4, Grunterstret Bdjoinngwk-qure hel bylernseforan uexpirdtermof1 yers- t goudrent,f yle tach highyresectale earl tennt a £ 4 per annum. Theroeei TFrebonlon-seuarg may be viewe hy19 appyng on theeypremi Ceses, andthen laespayrigbeobasned of Sterinns. Coe, Son laneod Hcksey,slctr, a 1,mur Kinces Benchto-wqalk, Tmle; t theeMart; and ofr amessr. inTvoLaney JanHusesy30. andfolwn days aimnto1-each ay. COLLECTIONl ofdci moetrenPCtalS the property ofn W. H&eb Baters, s. whosean otatera -71 ableld oEcis intheCrown Life Assurance Corn i' fff'.aSSRS. NORTON, HOGRTad"- b& ave received insotiueons to offer for Sai~ tne Mart, on M£%,Frbrar 1, at 12 TWOvaluable old POLIl Eof;el,oQQ'cLIi thereon, effected wtththe Crown Life AmranoeCorm. .Bridge-street, Blsekfriass, in January 1835 on the lives of 19-t-. n a ed.s~yely 36 anel 37 Wiubject to asn'al pen4um of 24 uses declared at th=lstdilelon amounted to about £170 oni each polley. P'articulars Bndomley, soUlctr,V,Galuablo neeboldarewer., F.aDlman, 19werm)15 hoe, ut Jm s' esss a Wd andj-, 0.T odof, oMioe! an-i[EldS; r. WOodRolcTOr, 0 alonstee,.Ad TRIgtSTre Mesrs reci, eived indtmBlaon. olto o s.e forwich at thes Mart.o a FMessrua.] aotoAnil Hogrtand Tost a 2 OaldU FREEOaD-te, Ito- Broniley, Kent; -VaPrasin Freehl brewery. Maaltinous, dweingk-n houiss fod Premiseas, winthe on.ptino sr ,iT havetlli wboeisof stretiond pato offd for iner, adapthedMrt fon PEItTY,n stat gonoh igod toae ofral Hastliug-houat stablinghl, and other offces, large yard in connexion with the brewery, and a cottag, let off at £14 per anmnu. The ProPerty possesses a frontage of 180 feet to the high road, and there.is agoodupplof pure water. May be viewedl, and atculars had of Mr. C. Blk,solicitor, 49, Fleettre;esrV.~twr n ay oiios dGraya-xum-square; Mr.F. olan.19,Jemyasiret Stames;Messrs W. and G. T. htee,Alereocste-istreetionessrs.Blae,rfthonr Bae,slcios Inrwch athPa, themWhtelHoarInn,urorelped;a h dr;ado Mesrs.Nro,Hgat and Trirt, 62, Old Broad-street, Royal E PSaesnleCkantboli euwandLeraIeo InveAstrrent.C 1IJIESSRS. NORTON, ,HOGOART, and TRAT .Lkhave receivedl instractions to offer for SALEi at the Mart, onF: 1)day. Febr.r 3, at 12inlt, a 2LEASEHOLDES ofDW eacLIinG1OU situathoe grou nd rent o £era iannum,ando inteoccpati Nw ovntorahhy-sreet peicetabetcsnant atnwhc a lowvrenta of £42 per onprannum. abee by permssio ofthe enan, ad paticuarshad f Cas,Baken, Caq., solcitr,49.Flet-tret;ati thanr;r d of Messrs. Nro,Hg _LVI[ESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST ,iLhave received instructions to offer for SAfE at the Mfart, on Friday, Feb.uary, at 12, in lots,20SH E,of£0ec,i the ColwnaubeSAItholi vaz and5 ofnra XI Ainte ASovereigne CmeAssuaLne C-ompeny, tu ee Lecse-qae pnwhich a divide ben nd 0a14 per cent. iper annum ha1soi andhearson,Wsolicitors,:e1Baid'al-tre Oo '10athe nath-and oMessrs Limeoum-aluale FreValual ShronRes.,am ogt ][ESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART andTRS b.A are received hinstructions to offer for SALI? at the 'dart, on Friday. s February at 12, in larots,th floting muale SARI, viGR-Of £1 eal~-T(iinthre SvereionnLifemAsntrngtogCompany, upo whichnnums harsibeng paido, and apayin spere cepnt.1e annum;5 dis ling thse Bri aeWrs, £1p,ad uie Opreoldss -s o ituaen in the Ea uidWety andi LokrawdLif Limehusaco Copinyg £46 paid peraingum. prsrgou f dwnum;hofus0each sinthae CasItho inluicvLa and Gneral or cent2, prcer a Company, upton which 4o uepercen t,ermso annum his yeen reglarlyUs paid panningSpricengtof pherannm;ti in, theEblie-osh and Cambrip,andLf lfre, uon whichfo unexprdermshar hasbeen pard;0 of£0eachX3 iernthe Earstnot of Engladweliangct orwich, N1 os.,t pmerushare 0placd, andpon whirch pd-eracent per annu hease been uepregularly m aid andu 60 shares in the2 Profssiona Lier annu , a heaside outo n dwhicghlous,er shtare onlydnorton.-teggarelt,nlandfTran,2 OldxpBroad-tereet ofa Exchangears. tmc18peh num riigoute.ofasuabralFreehold Gr ound es s, amu tingtoter- tosol 320 Reesion tdo MoeraIn teum-, ms irESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST JJl have received instructions to offer for SAlk, at the Mfart, on Friday. Fs ebrumay. at 12, ine RVaRioSIONe ARYl FNTREETOLD GIOUNE RETS o wfth1eversionsol ),n amoeut-vpybe gontherdeth£2 ofda gou gdS,anlth ot,han ampley semduopbuta l-lig lures shnps ad buslenaaesspemIes situatle on the deasthof Whestaindi ablelonrtho dcesesiuaoof ady,oagned 6ive andNs Five-dixth ofcer terCe,olet onyaleasefthr udeciedseros of gentleman yged2,arsd-standper annum, Harrisigout soficthes Pigolrot ArmsPblchueMand alnt Sop, andrs 22odWelne-Hoggse and shops, Nos 1l troa2nlssiv, RoyalonEterrage, Thisn otf DySplnixdwelBnhoueset, Nset1 wtoO inBsie rilns ubIc-pie -new £2eralds. d prertannm rarisi ngsot ofewellinaG-ouse situate Rinead.r dintonterace le onleae fr a unxpied ermofabouits Cocar Tonmo£140 pWerdnnum,arisoninguatiof sevtem dwellInghoues, timbter- andeh Jethweltler.dn iaoek-od,eo ast SEd,Lo ~ ag teirRo. Kn-tep,Cvntgre, omro Vdnssdugg, thood, Mills,tand, other, whc weuiul epi aboutIAN4 yeaS,rs.nTe presen brentals gold ther abovnepoerty eceedn £2,00 peran anum,r wandtchehlo threari- ground rents silvber spold, uhdectorthe Messrs Sozth pand Shew hGerd, soictrs,fGoldenszaenZatte Mrartonudtf Mhelser.aron og, and Tchia resist,g Old Broad-streetwRya OnTusabsolut,te Iteherdionst Moen ofthe Panda. sr~je JVI ESSRS. NORTONHA, ISOGGRT nnd TRISTfl Fia.Fbru,aryt a 2 theirEVERSIONARY gtTEIeEtT in ONEiecXT G of& £1,000, Cosots. onMe Loineypaybl ouns thdatSo. la agEdL0, and ther Rothermoicg-tyreaab Covnthe rdeath ofi thsiday lady an gnlea a g 1MSETTEd 24 Fiv-uding sU ofd £ti0 Consolents, ~y brab leonthe deeaseiof attaire, sagled 66;rs and FiveSets of ±100 auL chisefs, paable soneth deceasel c1rgents,dulemn agedn2, andstandchingey Meassrs,arrifees.on, oicitor sbedyrioor tte dr;ad fM Nortion. Hogart, and Tst,eSl of Oald Bo-set,oylxhand Chr.- mthis DaytSpciidl Ban lclts, loset ewith Brilanto Orubiens,sd Emerlds Orinentsald Ptearls Unsetl Jewoels,EsabGldshedinut theyear Bregueot,cSslver PltF1ebruany Chmane io arnt,se 1iIESSRS. DEBENNHAM1, STORR, and SONI biel a rede gou, hre in secmes are e-wl wr antssor13 eases f Chaipsen and 9 case ofoCarem,andsefectd To-morrow thede Stah.CotuThionof ytheSloe Wasthe, ae ThursSSaS. the 7tNb, Tuesd,and SON 2 wth l Thursday, athe14htom, Tinhsrsdt,Covet-gren2,qTo-oro Tuedesday), the 19th,isata I,abeuilBRLIT TROS,rins,o pomsions boothes,agolguatrdeanizdnc chains be0 gotind and silvercatches,t thre actrianees coffcksdas, silere asoons,e caandlorkes; Coen~t adoen,pl London,1 Jauren crute Pot fv& dznpaebrny orietal Chlse, ad Fenchehin, drenhS sin eaes s.c Olnd view, Ond hursdayinent, Sahdethrd. and Mfeinalprion.oF terabore proJr6ie AESSRS. DEBENHAMA, ISTORRE, and SON will iIVJSELL a thei AUTOm,KIng-street, Cooms, throuhu temnth of~ Fbray,the aritaers ladieTs en amelldogldiatelos, set wthe liamsollow aFpirdfbnlarrthearus aIs amond ndaruycrs, 27e lage rena persMowsaof dtto, 420 an W0. aedon10eld and ghem rins, ditodoes9diy,ttoKig' pateh ndfiddepate, atiler bradbtt anidayothevaale items. On view.25t PieenGal, Attie. Boots, Carpes,eLnenGus,laPistols anEfets Wednesday, theBENth A ,S R andon N l SEL- ttei om.King-street, Covent-garden,anonrFriday, chefs,eots hoes,% Cphldrssei c.Arpts,dul us itl,ciy gls,andoeffets.hnaie thei dayx prior.a Auctionsdart, for 6theo Salecof Table and SideoadlteuCroo mFIEtes,Wachs andP ClOcERs,los atw7s brlaatOaeis 1813.ha-Notiesfo February,c1la0. amshpdriptheinea garden. Ja. 29 BEHA'S, IRRan SN e SAE yAUCTION, on valuable PROERY, of.9 variousfo kid, ilncluingasivdslver plae,tal servwices rofm suthe Queren' and faiddle pat_ a,Slicolo piaaolortems brnc Toelamackerfinely binisetdichrono meters, atches mithurlex andblever movemens, ne byileent, emeralds,sappirs ofae,n piearsiamnd ForiiaflSherrs, andI bijuteroens ureatl vaiey Thosecfrtsemnh. fFbuyib hEld on adSOSwMSLLb AUesday.,the thei oo1 33 Thuorsda,the21t, iertePn thuo.onFrolay. h 7eth, a fr1 puesday, the capth lmoe TuesdayT the cosith. f Iorpot rain and on naybd sthursday, thengn , 4th, edinompee Thursdaybe, dthe 2 ash stuedsda, thases th, wantte,rswoainibgI lar,sfs Termhs ofdcommchirssino cutheaiont. pnfrtese may bemotinedt onkapplication gatstheautso ioneers'oabes6, where, alsrntd ocatioalogueso ofafoinetm, pdstale ace anlways rebadyfrldsirbookcass, wrtingstabest, covent-adenir, ondon,nJanuary2, 1000.as tedmetcreuste~4 diles of richeGenrortanVeShetrre,nchStlts Wuerosteof ents.andCoth an ed Linen husdaynddey andinofsale,landieataogLesruad.10, MESR. EEHA ,SOR and SONS wil iELlb onAy. the o4the niss nWednesday, theb.20 ndhol lwednesday, athe2 puthFridalda, y, rleofthe E 2 tr2fd h Friday thoaVwe, h e MvlnalesIV, the DED0th IW MTOnda. thelding45theetrecwsfortedersday,ite captalhre two'ednesday,nhuthers11tho k fbaagqantiyon tme, o cathe propertyumayb vimpewedt,and catauloge obitained,ft one daylprora tinoftealosehold furnpiturd, icldinAtgaror-wayst Man~co,da1806. iN announce tat teirs,n aSALE,stGarma il aeplc on Tiusday theOthf Mrch,Onewil incudesom exellentsLONG Valuable Advowwon and Next Prsnainto theVareofen bury, a beautiful Part of the county of Wocse,adiVelis of Hereford. The incuMtbent iS in the 87th yearofhsar iIR. JOHN D)AWSON is instutdt ELb ,.AEUGPON, at tirelMare, on Thursday, Februr 1012 uls an acceptble ofrer should be made in the menieItePR PRTUALADVOWSON. and RIGHLT of PRESETIONtth VICARtAGE of TENBUIty, thogrt icm preaches £900er annum, writh 0a modae cO hc n comfort,erectedAbucti2 years agohiarestyeada are a TheveEmb N inDmenWSiN has8t yearPinted pasrticulars, wth 100, TolLey-te, AUCTIOar, solictheAqon attheuMrtdan Fbaty 2c at 12, TIVEMYE ONEC SHIiES'in the AUCTO. Ti onof DArto'slnd aid autione Goodls,MaBorougb-rhambr,4,al-al 11,fSSES EV~SFlED an BORE will SELtI M~ yenota0, tat they wil SELL by AUCIOX. at.hi g,, Room, g~t, St.Jame on Satlarda Feb. 2, at 1pe ~l5eY. ry xtesiv COL~IOl~cf PICTU S, bv Itii,% ',mlhDuc,and French masters, recenty received from ~OIt5~Jand& grupi mable, after X. Angelo, very highly finabs-L viwd he darcding. and catalogues haa, ~mal Srvie O Plteand Jewellery.-EyMessla, CHRISTIE sot MANION atther patRoom, King-strveet Sty.,is seas-qGae on ofPlate~, jeweUery snd trinketstankrd nd um andestleks, breadbmi,ket sit, eaandcofe sevie,forks and spoons kc.:; a jasper snuff.bo.. IIt a fine cameo: goldwata and chains, rings, a dressing-cae, carved ory basket`&e,- May be viewed two dais Preceding and catlogues hadl Rave Oriental oreanEnmlnMtl,Carvings, and Japan Lacquer, of E,Pran,Fq,adcletdby him in the north GI 1LrSSRS. CHRISTIE andl 3AIANSON respectfully &yLe noticev that. theyv wil sELL by.AUCFION at their geeset kwom, 9-sweD,St. Jamess, on Monday, Februarsy4 at. Iprecisely. thevaluableASSEMBLNGE Of CHINESE. WORKS of ART. allof an earLy Pa`od, comiprising Orienta POrcelain, JIne old cra"de, very lie specirmns of enamel on meta, boxes elaborately cared and ofJan I acqiaer, of Rtobert Fortune Faq Antho r o f "A Jo urn ey to "the Tea.1 Districts of China and 1ndia, ald other works on China. May be viewgadtwo days precccdiag. Catalogueshad. Articles of Vertu, &e., of the late irich d . eOf Sac tCwshillhoue, t. I'tere,Isl o ThnetByMess.CERISTIE and )LNO,a hi etRoomn , King-street, St . J ame s's-sqona, ebaavUa, ii onr Wedoneeda,y.rdeb.of t. 1 Eecutoseybordrffthel execualorten,cr etlenv n valuable STOllCtio of antientan mofdertn of&T Sur .LRieacarButn and Wa form o,Bresred omriin o iarsy conoucsistingao beausitifngcr in mavfery;vesandoov,eaitm deol Englishw teoins ad esadalw, ncludngksmeadpros rpbcia.niulabuv.,, brnzeschasuds, c murnpals, soupnal d curiostirees, an enterestingdhitorica reics.s Mlayc bale vewefatoda pmrecedingk, and spats~andgoeve ad. sit alothe very Exensive and Valutable stock of thest on.derenc Soeed T IESSRS. CHRIESTIE and MUINSON respectfutlly give notice, that they wIl SELL by AUCTION, at their great. Rtooma , King-street, St. Jamnes's-sur, on Satuday. February U16sdaou aI o'clock, bpr orderl o the ASEMBLutorof elt MIr.WalfoS, b the very extensiv Fendh valualeisTOC ofte ancluient. an sma oder tTonthe proepertyo an clryaufordefcerse-etreet comprising thraHoy 20,OO a ouncles,and onsisting di Feagnificentr avr n ait,blers , caidebo Lan sands b roewtrdihesWad veremankar'3elsn aindglbcp, superb Nesdelar,ad cuandleatks ePeir of urens, bynfitesketls tea Gand iwo Iai,b S.nk etlnidsont;uinplt,su and suetres nr'i dihves,paes atela ~ires,a ofoGeMrks n Phon,anelyrqip for Romtabno Hsvr arioetyo atern Imileldinman linetsondirs aGsuteder e Teniveradcps a toko Guardies moernShl(lie May bo viewed three days preceding, and cataoguesno had. PictGueresf cu of a heClergy an, deeased. iIFSSRS. CHRISTIE and M3ANSON respectfulily iigive notice, that. they will SELL bY AUCTION, at their great. Room. King-street, St.. James'-sur, on Siiavtrda 2, adfebuaryin 1,at. 1h vcloc pecisenly, andvlae AGSAILAEY of PICTURES, by Ioldn protert of ah clergvan, A deea ssed ond compriing thnequHoly fami, a capitalual workcto of Pffcinoudelsaro; the lateo Tofa the Shaly Famil scapes.vb Bothc, Whotuter mas BELLn gebyaChIOV. aer theer. an lduoont. aKFirof- hilrent t ae', oyrnThrsday Frand 2Viadwofl.ars,b S.de~ Belmot an secien th of ud 'IN f d . Rofao y ordige,tamen-hlagl;icomp Ibbeth' ors of Gnuetl-ido Dtelima;ers nGu ross Obet exaneld ; omanyobftewd hrebe daays prcdn, n atstalogub,fesnhd.ym Th h er Imallery Cofctures of tEnCevlierh d PCouss onW. Wt 1VIESSRS. CHRISTIE andIffA2NSON respectfully IV.give notice, that they wfil SELL by AUCTION, at their great. Room, King-st.reet, St. James's, on Saturay, Feb rc2. an foloin dary theoeyixence and valuablleOLEN o PAIhitY o bPICTUrES byitolh meavnhstrs.sofethe ChevlieruA.cdofCbseexpSold inoonsesuence ofhis havingtleftEglenda, Furotheranobtaiewdir etgiven, = _.th Th aluabeColltecwtionofeictreslof the lacho mas routosoft hawgrFaq. MESSRS. CHIRISTIE andes ALASON respectful .3 uygive notice, that they WMl SELL by,'AUCTION, at theirgra graRoom, King-street, St. Jamnes`s4gr, on Thursday, e.24 n twMarchow. anifng day,alresey. athIapren'ly b extefstve CLExcutIoNh wofle- TUFS Dains.anongraving, fhopmdyTos aA Sa, a. acEntSRalia an uCHRmaSTes andnmru adANS bN rexpecples ofmagsy nof i ta the estUrnandFenchartistg o then resenf.thday, many rfteseivednteted nsfrom theatss sropdiOsdri to . SEW w'y AUCsIOsNt ath cotinen Fauale CNThErpaTiSl of ib TOGiven. ea Wnl,cm Theiu vher weImwexnsvadimportant. Clletio of Enlspitue,oilliamy taliEnSRSpai. FlemisTIEd uchnase and U AIqO rtesgecitfullyat xIn ghiventceta they willxite SELL benuy AUCtION castl thefuirtgreat iBoom,c caine-tet ts a. commoes's, fen Studay bM arcd8 trtsehever hiosey andpe valuabl se CL eCTION ofe PItUbles. bihar modber Britis maserslfhtel-known amatefKigdn ur,h bwiladmWinheredoaq., mwhoe is lheavn hinsresidenc msincnequncle of the Ls extirayinofhsoea few This merb slect candbrtiomprl ases exquisit wofbosf manyL oflbrosgoethest ertects. Nth.esdayemot ofgthem oleainedirueoeatalyfogutheweaselsuoth panes oethma e,rrwithusveranl o 2eth,te chies paroutin reovdfthamgra ~,rESSRS. CMaIsTionEnF andsquaNre. reet IVRi. ul GiEO nOtie thtOhe will SELLbyACIN at theiroms reROld King-street,ST. I DY Jae'-q are nTusa. Mat11frc 12,th an orllwnda,a1prcsl,boder of the Executors,o the wholes.Trter Eq of theR.GEO.INN WOB KS of tha unrivllced atis inLL enaml H tP.Bes Fra.,deeas,ted Cthise bautoifulth coletio,_cnssing ofne actareet, Wrhisguneuld wormdirec faurom31 athe pramisly.It compRise NtoREa fom themot autheenti sourmens,.n sornmenbeautfl fanotercyhsubject, sverloftheenaels ein ofthe mos imortant35 size,o playte, viwdtwo days prio oteeding, ankd catalogues haos t. teOdSi n Montlygive not ic,thath esate havings beenT dispoisedof they havep th nastle.on Tvhursay wtrc 27. ganaied followin ducayes. tewoe th GaubECONTST R ofTSONGs CxtSTL,nAr Shiffli tamiprising tehwe.l- oosr etnsive adBnd-impretaonThurlleryoFpctrsbniy ItlanW panish,Fleih and Wicutcd ases s limme bthe gnerenuinedsal I rnwichthed hee xite ora a ceturyn th atle terfmtz includes caies and como esfnen ol adnortoIsehel chimneyandnie g elase,fn carv dope tbcwt rare mrlbs a set ofbatfl bn hirsto sai toIav blonghttohRudens,h thCadomeadase Ho styl of tealawstcnuy aelsoaewin marbleyn rozs small libarn fbos, and nmroe othe efets aotc respiectin the aN v riew ,andisl catalogues wilaed. l Well-mae amurnIurreyanD etctshted eolaeRpartdenmovdfo H. GEGS.H.ani, iRO N Potan-squ A.Re, T w 21.ELd bend-sTreeN. atthIS DAY Jan. Thurat.a11 febr , athe. ClURNImURe; includigfu pedesta in andosthert sdards acre-taof. cae,pesses.diin. 100, *V and cadTabe. oc A.tig andBchaiS, a rStru,LhaberAfUrOnitr, at fhew books, chna, glass,culiary utens2,iand effecots, b thrdeerus of ~ and4 sue. a ie and raps inO E banrupcy.Mayboeewethedaypror. an aetsaplogues had t. h avNd.2,Avh-suerad,rae.sprk o) W torhngdF. Sse,furiture and vaualemscinenso geffets, b ijR. GEO. ROBIwSON isLinstructedIto S oLL,ho Mtet orthiseg, on Theuersday omor, January 31 , at 1 reiel,hheFR NpeITrURE of thediffretapartments rornamenta dawnd o Outherina glaess.atpinntaforet,lby aonkifncy ptatls, clefok,ie.. witho tof-plate, 50 vi ofr boks I-elndiglasesw0absToponewphvelvect-iecarpe, 6ewlett's Bibe,ySctt' Wors,e crpbertso' WrsHogaryh'ing Worksuie aerin gre foroneor two homts, ahair- ofb hosiesoardharuess,o&eMayb d iewnerad twodaysprioram to thsables,an cataogues hrablat thnOd Shirpos and shteas naors Hottrels.es,brigton ofd Jod wardthews, bests, solicitoer, marthur-stree west, London-bridsge ofb es. andw builder. Mhiarkt sdtreet, Wreusthing: anda view. Tee.sRobnsond momices 21, OldeBoad stree Loonn.h potemiThs Thendatrte anSt. Jropertioodestatconsistingof scetlnery,rmachier. dereSses Jomns,and fitigsaap asothl.~ cottaereINDence ajinigsn w w ins tethuch owic pare- tculasaelpeprig willth shortlyebe offerdtpulcomeio seenti Sale of. Prictures adlrwn yMdr it,teoii iVL place at nsRos, 21, OlrndBond-tet nTusa,Fbur 7,at pecsey aav nd will cdeinclud pcmn by the uitrctdieyreno tione ilcooker Day Knellby erein Suffolk-Valuablo Freehold Farms and Lands, in the parishes of Stutton, about sixmiUes from Ipswich, and Kettlebuigb, near Frainlingham ; also Cottages inthe parishes of Great Wenharm andEast B3ergbolt. l fR. JOHN FOX has the honour to announce that IY.k he ha s rceived instructions to offer for SE by publio AUCTION, at the Great Wllite Horse Hotel, Ipswich, on Tuesday. Mqarci 18, at3in the aftemoon precisely,inlots,the foUlown very valuableand desirablo PROPERTY :-Lot I will comprise the Manor of Stutton and also the Stutton-hall Fatrm, containing about 263 acres of exoeUent amble and pasturo land, in the occnpation of Mr. George Stanford. 'lot 2 iu coinris the Queech Farm, containigg about. 183 acres of excecnt seablo and pasture land, in the occupation of Mfr. Joseph Catt. Lot Svwill compriso avery excelent Close of Meadow -Land called Bridge Meadow. containing about 8 acres, in the occupation of Mr. Geo:go Stanford. These lota lie in a ring fence, and together forma most desirable estate, beautifully situate, partlylbosinded by the river Stour, and commanding views of Manningtree and Hlsrwich, as weU as the picturesque soenery of the Stour. It will, in the first Instance, be offered entire in one lot, and if not sold will imme. dixtely be put up in three lots, as above desenbed, The whole of the Statton Hal estato is freehold. Lot 4 wiD comprise the Kettleburgh Farn, about three miles from Framlingham, vith a very good farmn. house, and all necesa-ry building, and containing .bout2a 5 aces of verv geoouIamblo and pastre: lan lin in aring fence, in the-en. nt on ofMr. George Greenard. A bout eight acres of this lotara op Itoald ofinberitance. Lot S F comnprise an excellent Freehald Donal} Gatta~e. withaiccoofpasturelan intbeizish of Great. Wenha-, contauinig altogether about one amcr and a half, in the oce pationof WillnAMAbbot and Robert Cl;everton. Lot6r1fii comprise an exellent Double Cottage, with a piece of pasture land, situate in the parish of East Bergbhlt, Oontsiningaltoget.serabout two roods, in the oceuPation of widow Paske and William May. This lOt isoo pyloldof iuheritano, Particuiars anideouditiord of sale, with maps, may behadon appliction to Mesr Barker, Powker, andPeake, solicitors,, Gray's-inn. eutre, londn ; thepinndpalhtwla in Norwich Framrilghaur, Bu Edmuaud', and U blcheter of Mr. Beckett, land aent, a f WM f Ybao. aoeIeuWot, IpgW iob.i4 Croyclon S .-Flreebolad oildingaadAccommodatiou Land, 1 E SSnT3RIVER are instxucted to SEL5L bY' ITYL AUCTION, atthe Mr,& aryin the spring, THIREE wiloabid .nd desirable PARCIELS of FRZEE-1OLD BUILDING or ACO0OH MODATION LANI), cont,-inin togter about la, 2r. 2lelido situate in anew road lewling from te high turnpike road ri - d0hto roM, bingnea te mnarket town of (roydon, andi in the c~gbuho frecent building operations. Printed specifications, wsithaB annexedo, are in prepariation in the mneantime ; furthewr 'Ertclimmay be had of Mr. J. . Rush. solicitor, 18, AustIofdria5~ anid aLuctonsers, ,Whteball. ' Ktnt-rOad.-Two Freehold Dwellizg_hongse~ at New Hatcbam, GIlE Kent-road, in the county of SurTeyi gi ving Votes for the cestemte division Thlereof, ad poucing £38 peanun ~ SSS. DRIVE have been instruted to offer ta oreioulydisxod of byivate coutrws,. TWO very desfirabse brikk auitad slatod DWV LL G-Ho13SE8, itate mtandbeing lis,21 aZn 22. Manor-street, New Hatchian. in the parish of St. Gilese. C'amber. w&ll in the county or Ssre.i tbs iupatiOu ofr. Weal and mmt Shade, producing togetherm £8pe annium, In the meautime further partinulars may be had of Messrs Driver, survyors land zggeuts, anct .uctioneers 5, Whitehall, We,,imnloter. Frederick-place, Old Eent-road,-A Freehold Rest-tense JWpSSRS. DRIVER. are instructed to offer tt~ FiEAUCTION, At the Mart, early in the spring, a desirisha MREOLD brick-built RESIDENCE, No. 15, Frederick-plae, Ole Kent-road, in the paia of St. Georges, Southwrark, in the county or Surey for loos ig, wti 22fet fonag, and capital basemeut et ancet h o~a edn into Clarurre neestr eea.bThe above, pro modgerate rent Igfl situaper annm Toe beviwd byerrucbA,ison o tho outy Of SurrY, Producing, and of the estimated valne Of, about £420) per annum. 1~ESSRS. DRIVER are ingftr-acted to offer to AUTOiLLTION-, at themrt,in eightlots,eary in the spring (unless pr. vinl dWsdof by orivate contract), the following very eligbla. ILEASEH LD ESTATES; comiprising two ecpita wlin-ou sitateFbi 21and22.Glocutr Vttaes,ewPIeckborm, togethoer pro. -ductng £5 per annum ;four well-built and semi-detached D werllhl5 bouses,-beingWoB I to 4,Symnxoe e Poe-ham, Proaucingtogether, dr of the estimte vsalue ef, £103 per snm;trepiao -Dwelling-housee, being Noe. I to 3, Per amint- m;ae Quensrorvade, Newm Poekhopn, produnug together £56 peranMum ; and Dwelling. bore ad Sop,(Hih-treet, peetbarn, let at £25 per anunum: aim hurs-groe, Fe-hm, poducng,ors of the estmaltead 3alnos togthe of, 1531,., ll i at d Tcuntylo Surey,tewholedheldmby leadetafure termsof yars, t moerat Blound HJtIL andTproduing, trofether estiate vaue f bouin2 piero thnei Grea Tthes marsng im efurth partculas ma beba f holrd Driner surelbyors, land agents, an withcomactand alubleFreehold F_,ac(ieacrmsrl (lanhod-tx aldBcwaland GaLteawood Farms: the whole eontaining 975 acres prdcnarental, including the mianor and tithe rent-charg-es. of£l70eranm sae oeDRIE bav received -diretos to ofe oAUCTOION, early i h Spring, in fielt teday o m ,aud moedescriptive particulars will appea in future advertisq, mentual, the following veryvaluable FREEOL ESTATES (five acreow OnlY being cOPYhold), thecgreater portion land-tax redremed. desirably situate in the Parish of Sible Hedingb-rn in the county of Essex, only seenmles fromu (lare and nine frmi zrxiintree, beth capital market towns ; comprising Graves Hal and Jarvis's Farms, withl the rent, charges in lion of tithes, in therseteocuainofr..Go. childand Mr. Hale;aa li HUal Iar, with the rent charges in lmet of the great tithes arising therefrom, in the occpation of &Ce Hy., Bell; Brick-wall and Gateswood Farm. only five acres of which arm oopyhold. in the respectivi occupations of Mr. john Parish and the, executors of the late W. Fitch, the whole containing together abouti. 56 acres Of hi"bl productive amablc. meadow, And pasture land, together with farm-bouses, cottages and agricultural buildings;- alsothe rent-charges in hien of the gret, tithes arising from lands held of the Manors ofGraves Hall and BleisHall.stated to cotain4tiacre% aim the Manors of Graves Hall and Blot- Hall, wvith their quit rmnte, righ-, embrs,andapprteancs. he hole producing a rental, incldin th maorsandtite rnt-hares,of £1,170 per annumn. behd Ptteprindcial inn: sintaebnichedun ows n(h en t foemfu ther pubic that maye bd0 onCls a. oiio CLSmith, P. soiitors, trogotaen-Plaoeat, tonoe anFfsr.Dier, Periodical Sale: Established hall-a-century. G. E.SHUTTLEWOILTH reftstmeteull tn. Mt RS-ELL by AUCTION. at tbe Mart, onFriday. Feb. 1, at 12, the CON'TINGENT IOEVERSION to the SUMS of £10907 14s. 9d. CDn"sla and 1,20. edurd. ife29 ainst 58, who will join in Assigning the lif ineret t th puchaer ~aticlar mabh obtained of George Basam Est, sliitr.. Stal-n,Hlo;at the Mart ;and of Mr. .21 hntlcwoth.32, Puty 1IUE.G.E. SUTTLE ORTH esectfully infornig JlLhspblithathsBSLflti EVESIOtOONE-EIGHTHE of £,00 Thee er ent Conole As. frmig lt Iof his Periouical SaleforFridy nxt. as een OSTONEDtil th-sal in February. In Kent.-Fe Public-ouse. .1PjJC_1&SHUTILEWORTH WMl SELL byl 13/IAlJCION.at the Mart, on Fri day, Feb. 1, at l2. ON\E-_SIXTI PARtT or SHARE of a FREEHOLD ESTA-TE comprising afreo pubic-ous, kownasthe Page's Arzm or Plhemarat, situate o. Norhumerandheah,between Bexltyand Erith. let onlease at £4 pe nom abe viewed, anid particularobtainedoutelieremi,es.- atMteMlnt and of Mr.G. K Shuttlcworth, 32, Poultry. To Linendraprs Hostess, Haberdashe and Shipes Jp.WALTE'R BURTON wil SLLpby%AUC TIRON. athbis Rooms, 3, Broadway, Ludgate-hill, on Thursday and Friday. Jan. 31, And February 1, at U each day. 700 lets of useihi DlIAPEIIY, rich silks, prints, cailos lines hosiry,haberdasheryi, kc. On view Wednesday, from 101(14, and cat'alogunes had at the roomis. To Mllines Draers nd Artifca lrss 1~RWALTER' BURTON will SELL byV AlTO.]LTION. aLt his Roam3v 3, Broadway, End tsr-hill. on Thursday, January31, all punctualy,the STOCK in TRADE of fr.A Thomas. I, York-place, City-rod wholesae and manufacturing Miliner andi florist;- consisting of richrnhiudadrrelg,lc,egne drevon cap, dewess and featherm. all in first-rate condition, On view Wednesday. frorm 10 til 4, andeatalogues had at the rooms, orby poet, Superior Household Furniture, Cottage Pianoforte, valuble Library, choice 'Wins and other Effects.-Absoluite Sale, by order of thoA&SiPM,ces,e the Premises, larkbIall-lane, opposite MAlnor-sfroet. MlpaL3Y3r. RPENEI BROAD, To-morrow, January 30tb, - airs 3lforl2:- HIougto,ReisInea Dunsable,n forps BedstkinTa e ands,fct of Greex gd linensewinged-And inlue wardoes, bdiressingoua ofe-h Brusesande Tuke cacets,y draery, baurilli,ant chrmrey 2 prcisevly.u dresn glasss dArapry.s o 00 vwoGnlumes atIaehok,5donol day pror Caaouso the pom roflemiets;rof .P.chit y a. 'ridaym-stbet; Art thelfauctioer 28. Poutry Mytroustee ofMr Volme Cofwe ulrl,Bok,i qiesa lUR. PETERGBOAN will SELL by AUCIONathis. Mond.as aebove, and Thureea next,r Janarys3, at 11 fr1 preiasey the genuin e. STCeing h stRoDE, of usistiag fta,cfesuas snies, fruits,th Brpictis ies,o btter w ese,lrt oon ruhs brooms the. thet fitue an tnis nldn aoayc cuters,d nhessoloia drwerks,shligcaits,cle,wgt,aso. Thersr Ceatalg Sogue on the prembcaiose;oofteacin r-. AIR HODGSON will SELLud by tUTINhe I I ACINathsnew Rooms, the coinro mFetsretadCnerln,o. Thdncy. Fnebur1, o t Thalf-dast Fe., th LA IEAUNofm toE gnlmnlaigthe profulurla essio, cositig fRodm treaisel,Ubook LIAIN ncldi cmenaie,sgtts,t.; nleig vols Ito, antbeJurna Digesto omnLweprsCii' Doiiges Sale Euity r Cas, Buther. O nde Jrr.- Cosernn,b Sw 1'eet, seud,u6a Sot. ofamesd's-plac ute atlre:as cee f Common) Pias,aT Fiat Priu, o.the I whoLe ngo odto.T viewed, andrtantalogues hrd, Mayhusn Volme ofVEN pouasrmfernehooks instrucires tan APSIL O GO wl EL by AUCTION, at hi ralom igsre , Coent thosad volumsAofJamodem BOOKS,csoela3 evanomly bound,juve nil bOks DRIED beingTheStoc ofic havel bokeler,.declinin busi-etra ness; withthed duliaeso t w o t westm-end ScircltyoLndnring therls cm olFict 4 ya. The books inauie comprise o the roemain,m fofrmany eb teemedm Nothoooia works, Me.i Torhe vraiewd andli catalogues had ftheRem-ainn Stc o h Pbiatlgemyo~ oynslomnfgte risltamn Socirety MvlPet AUTION, at hi Stvne,w Room-s,the cer, ofFeCsre n Chncery-l ane, ry-a.Huruda eb.l 7.mm1.byurder iSofki Tth deCouncid lbs Forixtureofan SOcietl the COrEmaInIN STOCKof theiRrePutBs- JAEEL REillSLL WM AUCTION, CTon h n asll January3, aTHI DAY TheFURITUR, at1 o .a he.;coprsinfmh gu our-pOstf ando~therbedsed, goose feather bedso and other mins. maheogay arblle-s Atoprwha,tanshest ofk driawers, wa-rdro fbestBu seadltrcarpt,mahogny, and other chaoirs, Panoble gainderiu t lt cibryglshsPikes, rse ues rooodnne O and maoantabe,hiebad ril plain-gla boc taddorsit ~ebeffoters,e tof p rawerfs,se and bilint eiiegh.otavoa volueso boCoks,l fs kilRhe requisites and otherwet, aybcaalges viewed onatalhes oa ah premises; o aandutiners at2 Oxfr. Salstore,et ege cstret BandcriaG-oadw , ihp&eeo,o Iv?,HnmpdortntSale.of re lns G_ H.C STE TENS ias isrecied intutions tL a edenTHIGDA JatCln,g0 l recisely, allthevls abnT COLLEy..T O1hSt fOr4i lhe PafenTS, whichY have bFee nfomd bOOtheLtea vfharellemphleysdbuatheHTErcLturdl Soity of London tpring -thinsta40myears. h hegbori consist ofapatyhe oleetgesfomed-~t bethr, inr Focrathv Asicnc eic~ ern, Brazilde Chiod mandgemothe partSb FixtatlenuresoanOl and Cbeoviewn. by rderly ofnth Excundteosrs saleI bad E VoLnil SELLmse bytC ION Plant, Utensils, and ftlahinery of a Dye-house, Csilippcg_t,2 INI ESSRS. G. W. W. M1ASON and SONS will SE'Lra by AUCTION, on the Premises, NMr 60, 61, and U2, :.lllo5treet, Cripplegate, on Wodnealay and Thursday the 6th sc,i -;ui off Pe'bruaary at A1 In lots, the valuable DYTEI's PEkAFT, includib,- rirrec- Vates bl engies, eyblindriauste anmbiers siBlueoutr c MpMr, COIs ff c,IEnperAipe lou clpe COp. thaereiedcotsul_ backs Jand brks,e offic fittins.orlckwork, an ain,a cltish ofbe v riew ted wondacpiot the sae n caa ogus ad on the ,r ar0ise; nd of Mksrs, asnadSs,6Kg IIIWIlausre;2S- LHOU LEanHT RDY antchdtCo.hh ,,fhav eol~-d struc-sw booking offleestoaliparts of England, The premIsesware Ireblos, e,ao loranunexiredlemaof 11 rors, la lw retal,The cn"oslin postio itheImens tosoghryeof olom,an th r "-e,.,bof neigbouroedsrroudin renerrswortythe atse an LZ r.Iman o entrprse,wh, wth m~erte apial wil esu-qja. nt~1bih mentof thefirt class. The tee~int~e, j irn~ n sa f. Aut. hepeiestb akna vauto,-rnedpriuar-s .IAMSG ]N rkr 8~r-ae I
