ZiOHDON, MfONDAY, SEPT-MEAR 8, 1W. Th urch of Engl3nd enijoys t4I wputation of beMng thae falCaest in theworld. NQ 4abt, that reaqttioil, like the credit of a 43nti1e hou ia itzelf a vA4uable p2oparty. Ott ths tr-iiI of comfortable livin's and splpndid dignities thou-, sands of parents are continwuly sending their mad promising sons through public school and college, in hope of a share in these prizes.. Thus,. the mnere, calculation, whhether doomed to be reaized or not, brings into the ministry of the Church a large proportion of men witigood connexion= and a place in society. It has been argued by men with much wisdom of this world that this is a state of things -which particularly suits the British people; that the pay of the Church is all the more seductive xor beig a lottery, and that the many who get only the blanks ahare the social consideration which accrues from the prizes. Arguments like these, and -6ery much worsd thLe these, are capable of a showy exposition, especially in that gay and airy style usual in sucessful dignitaries. But there remains the fact that to most clergymien the Church is not. only a disappointment, whieh may be said of many other things-not only a bad comnercial speculation, which may. seem only a jjust penalty on secular motives--but a grinding, degrading, and paralyzing poverty. To half of the clergy, including a large proportion of hardworling and meritorious men, our boasted estab3ishment, so far from being the richest, is practicislly the poorest in the world. Not only is it poor,-it is even impoverishing. Putting together school, college, andperhaps also private tuition and special preparation for orders, Vhey have each had nearly 2,0001.investedinthis speculation, as itis admitted to be; and the interest of that sum at 4 per cent. is by Act of Parliament the ordinary pay of a curate charged with the entire care of a parish. In some cases Parliament prescribes a higher rate, but E01. a-year is all that a clergyman, a highly-educaWed man of any standing and any personal qualification, may require, and is likely to obtain, for tho entire charge of a considerable parish, in any situation, good or bad. T7his is the Parliamentary provision for a worldng clergyman in a Church called the wealthiest in the world. It is all tfat any clergyman can be said to reckon upon; and it is for this, this only cerWainty, that provident English parents denythemselves, and rob their other sons and daughters, to give one son an education which must cost 1,2001. or 1,5001., and- may cost twice as much. Yet even this pittance, this 4 per cent.. on the money invested, is not quite a certainty. There prevails in the English Church a most serious amount of what we may call contraband dealing between incumbents and curates to defeat the Parliamentary enactment for the latter. Out of the cupidity of the one class and the necessity of the other there arise numerous underhand bargains, in which the curate binds himself to accept less than the Parliamentary stipend. We should only have to open our columnns to casea of clerical destitution, and we should soon present such a picture of educated misery as is not to be found elsewhere in the world. But it ha3 already been brought before us in various ways. One correspondent lately instanced a list of 30 advertisements from clergymen in search of curates. Out of this number one only offered 3001. a-year, one 901., one or two 801., and the rest rapidly fell from 701. down to 261., with a small' furnished house, the rector being nonresident. One incumbent offered 501. a-year, with the use of the rectory-house, the curate to buy the furniture at a valuation of 3601. Another offered 701. in a parish of nearly 6,000, where there was daily service. Some appealed to wealthy clergymen for gratuitous aEsistance. Seven offered 501. a-year, or the pay of a schoolmaster. These figures speak for themselves, and illustrate the relation of incumbent and curate in our Church. Every gentleman knows the position in which an incumbent stands, as a matter of course, to those whose entire services he has secured for M01., or 501., or 261. a-year, particularly when they and he have condescended to evade the law in order to fix so low a sum. That such a position, and a bearing in harnmony with it, are only too general there is abundant evidence. We have lately an instance in the demeanour of an English incumbent, resident in Ireland, to his unfortunate curate, doing the duty of a large parish for 801. a-year and a few surplice fees. No sooner was the unfortunate gentleman laid up with an illness arising from the insalubrity of his parish than he received a virtual dismissaL The cost for supplying the poor man's place was, of course, to be deducted from his pittance, and would inevitably I soon eat it up. The generosity of the public has interposed between this curate and his employer, but the pecuniary figures of the case, the certain consequence3 of ilness, and the summary nature of tho ejectment, are common to thousands of cases. Such are the scanty pittance, the precarious tenure, the impending calamities, and the social position I of several thousand men who are humorously told to bask in the splendours of a wealthy establishment, and to rejoice in the light of golden canons and episcopal millionaires. Such are the men who have to govern parishes, to conduct themselves with ease and dignity towards squires and manufacturers, to relieve the burdens and share the anxieties of the poorer flocks-in, fact, to be the mainstay of our social system. They have to be diligent, and therefore strong; wise, and therefore free from excessive care; gentle, and therefore without much harass. They are always to be in good condition for their duties, which, well discharged, are laborious and trying enough. There is no situation, indeed, which so much requires health of body and mind and ease of outward condition as that of the man who appears among a number of ordinarypeople as the ambassador of HxAvx-the representative of a REDEEnm-the man to show the way to Heaven, -immense pretensions, that can never be worthily maintained, and are too often miserably belied. Of course, there is another side' of the question, as incumbents take care to inform us.. Curates are represerted as an inferior race of men, o'therwise they would not still be curates. Whatever their duties, they, in fact, do very little, getting over their parochial work very lightly, preaching indifferent sermons, and even reading mechanically. They are drudges, it is said; there are Plenty of them, as there is of drudges in every department, and it is needless to pay more than thc .market price for an articlc of trade with which,th-niiket is overstocked. As to the allegedinferiorityof the class, it should be considered that in this sublunary sphere it is not easy for any one to maintain a high tone, a dignified manner, or the other components of greatness, on 801. a-year, espenlly vrhen a family has to be maintainled at the samue time. Poverty is very depressing, in so much that few have passed through that ordeal even'for a brief period without retaining traces of it for the rest of their lives. But it is the permanent con,dition, the life's long trial, of the curate class, and when " a poor creature," as saucy young ladies and gentlemen call him, gets up in the reading. desk:, drones out the prayers, andhammers through an old sermon, few know how often it may be said, that he once had genius, sentiment, le&aning, and zeal, but that "Chill penury repressed his noble rage, "And frome the genial current of tho s6uL" It is all verywell to talk of the labour of love, and to expect a man to 'be all the more open tothe sublimeat motivei. because he can have no other. Such, however, is:the language .of bishops and archdeacons, who are always the moet. eloquent imrecommending " cousels. of perfection." The truth is that nineteen men out j7t twenty-to bi x the safe side-will be ur-e t do their ori: iU if they are paidao.r it ill,_ aud. they will. make, no efort ,tO improve if .1o improvement whatever wil be rewarded. Of the generad clas of curacs fewr sa;x the least ehanea of a living, -even if they .id. their duty ever so well; and every head. of a -mercntile esblishment kows how he wvould be served if the beBt salary he could give his -best men was 1001. a-year, without the chance of improvement. A curate need on-y take his allotted partj in the services of the Church, xhow himself a littlo in hi3 parish, call occasionally on a parishioner, and dSop in now and then upon the school, andc he will pass muster with the enthusiast who spends.ten hours a-day in4teaching, praying, exhorting, consoling, relieving, and other spiritual labours. They both stand the same in the eyes of the Church of }3ngland. The recbrd of their labours is the same. . If the devotee has .a patron, or a wealthy. friend, or 5,0001. to spare in his own pocket, he may, if he pleases, solicit his, patron, or invest his money, and acquire a more imiportant, or more dignified, or more agreeable position in the Church. Otherwise, he not only may, but most probably wil1 .remain all his life what he is-a curate, or small incumbent, on his 1001. a-year. - Being a devotee, however, he is much more likely to spend his money in charity, in church-building, in education, in answers to appeals, and he vuill probably remain what he is all his days.l No doubt, it is better for him that he should. - No doubt, he has treasure " elsewhere." No doubt, in that " elsewhere' piety, simplicity, and zeal are recognized even in the humble fora of a curate. In the Church of England they are not. Whether its prefennents are in private or official hands or, simply: on, the market, they are very rarely indeed administered on any such considerations.. This state of things wil not' only be admitted, it will even be defended by most zealous Churchmen. In the gross violation of common sense which characterizes the state of our ecclesiastical endowments "zealous Churchmen!' see a trace of the supernatural. There must be something heavenly about it, for it defies all earthly consideration. If the salaries and pronmotions of any departbmnt of State, of an army, or a navy, or a mercantile house, were left on such a footing, everything would go to rack and ruin. But spiritual facts are not in their nature so palpable and obtrusive as material; while a department in confusion, an Exchequer in default, a foundered fleet, a Crimean campaign, or a bankrupt bank addresses itself to the most "c arnaP' apprehensions, a spiritual chaos can be discerned only by those who really care about such things.
A picture was exhibited at the Royal Academy this year which excited considerable attention. The scapegoat which was supposed to bear upon its devoted head the sins of the Israelitish people wa3 therein represented as sinking with fatigue in the midst of a desolate salt-marsh in the wilderness. The skeletons of preceding scapegoats and of camels lay strewn around. Desolation encompassed the wretched creature on every side, while the real transgressors, their peace made and their sins forgiven, were, no doubt, enjoying themselves in their cities and tents. Now, it was said at the time, with no great propriety, by a jocular statesman, that this scapegoat might be taken as emblematic of Lord STa=FORD DE REDnrnFs sacrificed for the faults of the Ministry. There is really no analogy between the two cases, for the Embassy at Constantinople, in which that haughty diplomatist still reigns supreme in sulky majesty, is not a salt-marsh in the wilderness, nor is there any one sacrificial incident at all about his position. The scapegoat is a much more apposite emblem of the Duke of NxwcAsrTE, who was cast out by his colleagues, and offered as a victim to the public indignation that they might go free. So far from being the prime offender, he was among the most zealous and industrious Ministers of the time, and, indeed, he is fairly entitled to the modified praise of having laboured more earnestly than any of his colleagues to avert the disasters which fel upon our devoted army before Sebastopol. The truth of this case is far better understood at the present moment than it was at that season of calamity and apprehension. It is now understood on all sides that the Duke of NxweAsrTL did his best; that he spared neither his strength nor his time, and that he devoted himself assiduously to the duties of his office. To say that he was an efficient War Minister would be untrue. He was not equal to the post. Men far more fitted by their peculiar capacity and by their previous trainingfor so responsible an office might have failed at the commencement of the war in the management of the British army. What had been was swept away-that which was to replace it had not yet been called into existence; it certainly had not been brought into working order. The administration of the army was still suffering from the dull routine into which it had fallen. It was a grievous mistake, and grievously have we paid for it. The Duke of NEwcAsmTn may be forgiven if he failed at once to evoke life out of a body apparently dead, and that at a season of unparalleled difficulty and perplexity. He was called upon to work with worn-out tools, with the use of which his hand had never been familiar. Although, as Mnister of War, he Was nominally supreme over that department, he was in point of fact dependent upon the old military clique at the Horse Guards in many most important matters. The principal oi these, and the one in which the most fearful mistakes were made, was the appointment of the Commander-in-Chief and of the General officers at the seat of war. These appointments, with some brilliant exceptions, led to the most lamentable results, and for these the Duke of NzwcAsnE cannot in fairness be ca1led to account. it was Horse Guards work through6ut. It is scarcely to be wondered at that the exMininer of War should feel mortified and sore at the treatment he met with from his colleagues. This feeling of mortification he expressed on Friday evening Last at. the. annual feast of the cutlers at Sheffield, although he failed to refer his disconifiture to the right source. He **as ousted by, a -Cabinet intrigise-ho waz cast, like another JoNxA, by his shipmatas into the a3gry sea, that the labouring ship might escape the fury of the tempest. It was not the British public, it was not' the Sebastopol Committee, norMr. Ronsucx, its chairman, who were theprime movers in the disaster which overtook hinm, but his own colleagues and more especially lord Jo Rusrax,. The voice of public indignation was, no doubt, loud against all the statesmen who presided over the fortunes of the nation,: but not more loud against the Duke of NrwcAsmT than any one of his fellow-Ministers. WVe nowT know that if there was incompetence at home there was still greater incompetence attho seat of war. We do not say that there were not grievous miatakes at home, but the Commander-in-Chief in the Crimea and his principal officers made confusion thrice confounded. All this is now well undentood, and for these unfortunate appointments the Duke of NEwcAsTrL ia no more held responsiblethan a st%tena who occupied the post of Minister of War munif necessaily be. The public are not unjust in the long ran, and the Duke of NEwOAs n may be qi.iite sure that he ii only held responsible for his b sre 6f tlie burden. We rereember wel at thbe- time that he remzinoda in town asiduously egu ged mthe disenge of his duties at the,time that maost of his colleiguesa were taking their plea,_ sure abouft the-country,. H:is zeal and industry even at the time wire fiavourably ,contrasted with the negligence and indifference of his fillows. There is not the slightest reason for saying that he .as.tr tId with peculiar harshness by the publiec on the contrary, it was universaly allowed that hedid. his best, although his efforts were not attended with success. The Duke of NiwCisE seemed to-be aware of this whnn he said the other night at the Cutlers' -Feast:-" Abuse me as much as "you like, but for Heaven's ake do not "pass me over in silence.; and, if I am not ,"-to depart from this axiom, i1 1 ean say "is that I feel I have deep reason to be "grateful for much that .hta been said, and ' still more for that which._ has been written of "me within a recent period." We are noti, of course, aware of the particular writingsto -%Lhici. the Duke may refer; but if anybody has written with respect to his militay administration that it was successful, the writer must have very peculiar notions of what constitutes sucess. If, on the contrary, it has been stated that the. Duke of KEwcASTLz very honestly and faithfully endeavoured to dischaxrge his -duty to the best of his ability-that he threw more heart' into- his work than any one of his colleagues-that. for many of the disasters which cmcurred during his administration he was not responsible, but that they partly resulted from the evil system which he found existing, partly from the incompetence of the military commanders in the Crimea,. partly from accidents over. which he had no control, and partly from the Duke's own unfitness for the post which he occupied,-that is the truth as it is at preseent understood by his fellow-countrymen. It may be an additional consolation to the Duke as an ex-Minister, if not as a patriot, to feel that had he remained in power he would at least' have " succeeded" as well as his successor. Lord PANmBE has, indeed, been able to profit by the errors of his predecessor, but we know not of any single measure of his administration which the Duke of NEwcAsrns, wiser by previous calamity, would not have carried out in his place. His misfortune was that as soon as he had learned his lesson in the stern school of misfortune he was cast adrift, and sacrificed by the intrigues of his colleagues. Time was not given him, nor opportunity, to repair his blunders; and the consequence was that a certain slur was left upon him in his character of administrator of a principal department of State. This slur, however, is rather imaginary than reaL. If the real opinion of the country upon the point could be tested at the present moment the Duke of NuweAsma would find that the prevailing idea is that he was Tictimized byhis colleagaes. His previouscharacter as a statesman stands just as it did before the Russian war. He has, no doubt, missed the glory of having administered the War Department with success at a most critical time, and of having earned a great name in history. He was not equal to the ocCasion, and few men would have been. The best thing for his own reputation's sake the Duke of NIEwcAsrTE can now do is to give his aid in the reformation of our military enormities. He must have learnt much from the past-let him forget his personal grievances, aud turn the experience which he so painfully acquired to some useful account.
All travellers who have toia us anything about the Americans agree in describing the impulse to locomotion as very strong in them. -Whether we ascribe this to the fact of their country being-new, so tfat place is to them without those associations which give it a hold on the affections in old countries-ties of memory, family, race, and tradition,-or that the extraordinary activity of the American mind simply takes this form among others, this characteristic of the American is a very conspicuous one. Whenever you see him he is going over the ground as fast as he can. And whatever the motive be, whether pleasure or profit, it is the same. In Europe he is a pale and breathless sightseer, always in rapid transition, as if a ghost were pursuing him, insatiably accumulating stages, as if his life depended on the sum total at the end of the week. He carries the fever of business into the tour, and, reckoning up grand sights per score in his mental ledger, he becomes a capitalist in arches, waterfalls, glaciers, old columns, Roman amphitheatres, feudal castles, Romanist relics, lakes, passes, galleries, statues, and Hotels de Vile. In his own coiuntry he thinks nothing of packing up all his furniture, goods, chattels, and household gods, wife and children, and setting off to-morrow morning for some swamp 2,000 'miles off, on the Missouri or Mississippi, where everything whatever, even the rising of the sun, you would think- from the look of the scene has to take place for the first time. If we are to believe accounts, even that which more than anything else binds the human' mind and creates the stationary tie-the' sight of your own creation, your labours and their success-does not bind the American settler; he stays till he has converted the swamp or the forest into a fruitful field, and then, leaving his eldest boy as his bailiff, sets off with his waggon-load again to some place as distant from his last home as his last home was from the preceding, to renew the battle with nature, to cut down and build up, and create a fresh world ofculture. * It is not wonderful, then, if revolution in America takes its form from the dominant spirit of the people, and derives a colour from their peculiar characteristics and turn of mind. Revolutions hare taken place in some coLntries by plotting simply, in others by fighting simply; in America they take place, primarily and as the first step of all, by immigration. Kansas has been the field on which the great political conflict which is now tearing the United States asunder was nurtured and attained its growth. We were corrected at the time by some of ouir American contemporaries for taking so much notice of and attaching so mach importance to theconfiict in Kansas; but have not events proved that -we wvere. right, and7 that a most serious national contest was brewing' in that- local storm? How, then, has the struggle in Kansas been conducted, and -what is- the instrument which has been employed; by both sides, the Free State and -the SlaveG State party alike, to attain their respective ends? Immigration. Bands after bands of parti-. smas on both sides have left- their homes in the. neighbouring States, and in more distant States too, to become settlers in Ka , in 'order that as. settlers in the territory they might exert an influence over its destiny, and give their vote and interest either to that side which was for making it a Slave State or that xide which was for, making it a Free State. Xor1has this been done by individual impulse only, but by system.- Immigration has been regularly organized ;1 throughout a great part 6f the Union sub-' scription lists have been open for the purpose of assisting aettlers to go to Kansas, and these subscriptions have been advertied inthe papezr, and the work has been conducted -with all the publicity and all the machinery of an electioneering contest. In some States even the Legislatures themselves have voted grantb of ;noney.,. Now, in thix country there would have been the greatest difficultyin e ig o a coteAt by-such nmacbneryq. asa -is 'becaus the teper of our, populio_.%Iationary, ud.aevvei.the -villg. laboer sticks-obstinaty toX his parish;,alWg of pace is odious tahim,Land in iiine cs oitof ti hewouldnot be nrauadedto suffer atranationfrom Upper WiC; to Lo'wer Wicwk, o fronm Great ThorTe to LittleThorpe,t-+houghthefate of nations depended Upon it. But in America, where half the population seem to ba&indifferent wherthei they sleep next week a thousand Imiles weat or a thouand miles east of the Ohio, suci imachinery of party w ar sms to succeed, and numbers reap6nd to the invitation. -In this way the American resessn is turned to account -by the..Iaders of the great parties in the Republic; the Yankee's inditference to the ties of plae is enistedas an auxiliary in the sEruggle, aud converted into a political weapon. Nature, -says the poet, -hsi given horns to'oxen and hoofs to horses; to- the Yankee she has given the impulse to leomotion. He uses this natural weapon, -a he would a rifle, to fight lis party contests with. Shall Kansa be a Free or a Slave State ? i That is the question, and it will be decided, by the fact which party fills it most. Both sides, then, immediately appeal to the immigrating spirit in the population, which they use exactly as a military commander would. the peculiar bodily gifts of a population, or the popular sk«il in the. use of any particular weapon. 'mmigrate, immigr'ate.is the word. -Placards, advete ments, subscriptions lists invite the settler and promise him a lift. " Free State settlers for "Eansas, Slave State settlers for Kansas, here "are your tickets; apply to such an office." .Both-sides marshal their settlers as electioneers do their voters. It is true the Kansas settler has souiething else to do besides tilling his land when he gets there; he has to handle his rifle, for his vote will not be 'worthI much without this argument to back it up. But the settler comes first as the instrument in the contest and pree:edes the soldier. Such a machinery for conducting a great poltical and religious contest.may be called awkward and cumbrous. It reminds one rather of the nursery series of means which soothes the childish mind by its lengthy and- protracted consecutiveness, and which at last ends in the house that JAo& built. But, if it is awkward, it is at the same time primnitive, and deserves the credit of originalty. It. brings undoubtedly the genuine characteristics of the American mind into the arena, and if the European politician will be disposed to feel at first some surprise at such a very rude method of party warfare, and to exclaim with DUlGAD DAGEaY$ " Bows and arrows again I-bows and arrows r' he will soon see haow naturally it follows from and agrees 'with the existing condition of the American. territory and population.
COUBT CIBCUZAIL BAI.IIORA.L SEPr. 5. Her Majesty the Queen, his Ioyal Highness the Prince Consort, and her Royal Highness the Princess Royal, at tended by the Earl of Clrendon, Major-General the Hon. C. Groy, and Colonel the Hon. 0. Phipps. drove yesterday to the woods of Abergeldie, -which were driven for deer. Her Royal Highnea the Princsss Alice drove out. In the evening her Serene Highness the Princess Amalie of Hohenlohe Schillingfurst joined the Royal dinner party. SEPT. 6. Her Majesty the Queen drove out yesterday, attended by the Marchioness of Ely. Then Prince Consort was upon the hill, deer stalin. Hlis Royal Higiness the Duke of Cambridge, atten ed by Lientenant-Colonel the Hon. J. Macdonald, arrived unona visit to Her Majesty.- Baron MLrochetti also arrived, aad had the honour of dining -with Her Majesty.
02ix OF Tay CREW Or TE VIcORY.-Peter M!oser, aged 83, died on the 21st of August last, at the jReyal Hospital, Greenwich. This vetea sailor ws in several engagements of the British navy b?tween 1794 and 1806, includIing tho battle of Trafagar. When Nelson fell, Peter Mfoser served on board the Victory as capain of the main-ton. In recognition of hisservice,whichextended over more than 20 years, he received two meds (one with three clasps), and was for the last thirt years oE his life an inmate of the above noble hospil It is wrthy of note that he had thehonourof carryingtheorstfiagatthe public funeral of his far-famed admiral. ITHE CAPE OF GOOD Hoi0 Ms.-DAnrs oui, Sept. 6.-The screw Eteamship Tyanemouth, Captain Scales, sailed this morning at half-pust 9 o'clock with 3nails for the Cape of Good Hope, Xauritins, Ascension, Ceylon, and Calcutta. She takes out 60 sngers, about 8,000DD in specie for auritins, and a full general cargo. Among the passengers are Sir E. Stamford, Captain Holder,,Captain mraser, and Measrs. Courtney, Moore, and Eayter, of the Commissa:iat Department, for the Cape, with the Right Rev. Dr. Moran, Roman Catholic Bishop of Natal, and two priests. The Robert Lowe is the next steamship appointed [to convey the mails of the 6th of October, leavmg L.ondon on the lst of next month. -DARwG ApPaEHEmsiox oF TirgVS.-On the nightof Friday, the 1st of August, the vwarehouse of Mr. William Walker, of Longwrood, near EHuddersfield, was entered, and 11 pieces of cloth, valued at about 100l., stolen . A rew;ard of 10!. wras immediately offered for the apprehension and conviction of the thieves. MEr. Hegaton, the suaprintendent of the county constbulary, was at once on the alert, and from various facts that he ascertaied he came to the conclusion that the cloth must be placed somewhere under safe cover. On Monday week, in company with police officer Sedgwick, he went and made a search of all the false roofs in the district, and at last found that the cloth had been placed in the false roof of Quarmby School. The school is also wed as a place of worship by the Independents. Without communicating the discovery to any one, he from that night commenced a watcb, stationing his men in a barn opposite the school. The watch was continued vithout intermision until Wednesday night last, when, about half-past n o'cloclk, two men came into the barn where the watch was stationed to search for a ladder. Not finding it, the men weat down to a house being builtby Mr. Hatteraley, when four more of the gang came up. They took along plank, carried it totheschool, and, picking the lock, entered the place; but before doiiig so they stationed one of their number to watch by Mr. Haigh's garden. The constables wrere at that time stationed inthe shrubbery, and were actually within reach of the man who had been placed on w atch by the thieves. The five men in the school reared the plank against the trapdoor in'the roof, evidently ith the intention of eliding down thie pleces of cloth concealed above. One of the constables bemng troubled with a cough, anotherwentto givehin a lozenge,,ditis supposed that the watching burglar saw them, for he ran towds the school and shouted All a6wa y' The constablesranto the achool and met the five men just coming out. Stperinten.dent Heaton gave one a blow on the head with his sticlk, andfelled him to the earth, and theman was at once secured, and found to be James Atkinson, alias Lonkey, of GreatHorton, near Bradford, one of a band o£ robbers kznowsas the Wibsez Gang, BLowmoor. After striking dowfn this man, llr. Heaton pursued another, but was unble to apprehend him; Conshable Earushaw caught another manDnamed Jamies Brook;. They struggled together for sore time, and, Brook being a most pn rfr1 man, three other officers, Kershaw, Sedgwick, and Leech, came to the estane of Ernshaaw, and Brook s secured After a good run the four otber men escaped. The cloth was then conveyed toluddersfield, a coach ad - I procured, and the. consables started in pursuit nta o'clock in the morning. The first earched the beerhouse kept by Mr. Hardcatle, at yVke Common, where they found a quantity of new clothing, andtook Iareatle into custody to Bradford. They next searched the houses of the men they hadpreviouslyapprehended. In Lonkey's house they found a quantify of tools, smnall hand--vice, and other implemens used -by burlar, xmong which was anu un finshed skeleton key.,In rooilashousemothingof importance was found.. .They-nextvilted the houe of, Samuel Patchett; WibeeySlak; and foundanuimberoftoclssimlar to thote foudid at neyi, idt they.pprehendTd Patchett, brinig the two additienal primoners. to 'Huddersaield. In thememntime Dr. Clarkehad been calUedin, anaD examined Lonkey's wound. He found the skl niot injured, and tfe flesh wound he declared to be not dangerous. Theorisoners will be brought before the Hudderafield bench this day -Saturday), and. reinnad applied for-anchaester Guardi¢n. PrwisnwiXT OF Tj i rprox=OA -A tbird blueboolk, containing the report and evidenoe taken before the Select Comuittee of the House of Commons on Trsp tion, has been published, The recommendtions of the commtteo were published in T2% Tim on FiFday last. Among the witnesses who6e evidence is given in the present volums were Lord Campbell, Mr. Justoe Bill, Capsin A. Maconochie, Baron de Katte (an AttUh of the Pruian Legation). and Mr. T. F. Elliot. Lord Campbell staed that, in his opinion, transportation is the best secondary punisbinent that has ever been invented. ind that fte Government ought to use every posible effort to estblish colonies to which convicts mar be transpored. If thatcpotbeacompluahdo the rioble And rued Lor1thinka thpta specific sntence to be em loyd npon public wrls1 for a given nuofber of years ouid be the bee sbstitute Mr. T, F. Elliot, of the Colonial-office, e-presees his bdeief that transportation to Weatern Austrpli &has7fmilod. The coloniss a*re dieintenthe and the convicg aare not employed,and have not been reormed. irgepronortEon d thle connects sent havebeeninca:pale of earnng alivei}ood, atd, baizig unable ooi oain uitabbe employzeut,.r relapsed into crimse.- It -is wt only neary thait a eertain proportion of freoesettlr adbentt lborrs aboa1W ,b sent to the coloniea, blt tha.thre abcj b.a pteper sit. potion of parsons possessedof euil ho en et te liberae convicts. The ap,pedEireona:in rnt iiie i tb sysem Of secoDndSryf punIihmet in the XOntiaeats as In most of ;,hess countries the liberated evisohs a2e d undar pecW police suiVeillWne--
K ~.TATX8T -TMUG.X_v- J - Wfl2K i m - -The.Suinc, -under.date of Berne~,&Spt. - uba the fol1oWin- :D . " This .morni tie inUe sad.Uh towi of Ne l wege s£til. ha& of th insarpna u*hes o-tbaely tIWA rept was sprea tihat the town Vwarourroueded br Rehb. ian toope. The Royulist firt thought they had to. dea .wi&r olunteerw fro h C x-de-Faos, but they wer`e'o, aiber1y furprised on finding themsiv fae to f wit1 the-patrioti of the valeyof Travers. 500 men, commanu byColonel Denzier, hiaadvancd during the nigh/:ad nna they approached the town tbey Wre joined by reinforoF. mank from aU -ieion. They hlted neacsuc l,-.A the foot of the huh.. A sanguinay engagement ensud, btt it war soon &cided, and the Repubican colour; wer hoisted upon the catle.- "The Royalists lost 12 killed, 50 woundd, and more than 100 prisoners. We are not yet aware of -':he lou on ibe Republican side. Ono of the Counts Pourtales 'way taken prisener; -he is dangerously wounded;s the deth is even reported. Some of the leaders of the iusurrectin, inoluding Colonel de Meuron, have escaped. The cotncil. lon of State, Piaget, uIumbert, and JTexrenaud, are pri. soners. The Government has resumed its functions, and the Prefect Matthey has returned to NeuchateL Order is therefore re-established. "The Federal Council decided to-day that the- perso oompromised in this affair and guilty of high-trewon ihdold be set for tril before the Federal courts. m .L Aniet, tbheP?ocureur-G6nuri1, and Duplau VeiEon, are chaeed writh the prosecution. - Althouih the Roya%st imnrein at ueuchatel :my be considered at an end, th'e canton of lNeuchatel will nevertheess be occupied by federal troop*." The two following proclamations were issued at Xeuchstel- "W i GOnD YoR = X&G A_,D n Courluy. - "Citizens of Wenchatel,-Tle hour of deliversnoe Ii struck at last. Let the ihout of 'Long live the King!' Ph your rallying cry. Call the faithful to arms. I declare the principality in a tate of siege. ach district must imme. diately provide Z committee to asume the a=thority in ths ae of the Kg, and must intimate iti assumption of office to the authorities at the Castle of Neuchatel. i" The Commander-in-Chief, "Count FREDERICK DE 1'OURTALES .ColoneL. The secorid proc1am ation is as follows: "LA SAGNED, Ssrr. 2. "Tong live the King 3 The flg of the King floats once more upon the castle of our princes. Citizens of yeuchatel, let uis render thanks to Heaven! "Let the faithful rally round me! "lientenant-Colonel DR MEURON.T" The Swims Federal Council has issued the following circular to the Governments of the differen't Cantons:- " It is our painful duty to inform you that according to various despatches we have received, the Royalist party in the Canton of Nleuhatel made yesterday ar armd attack Upon the seat of Government, and arrested some of its members. " Our line of conduct under the circumstances is so clealy traced by the 16th article of the Federal Constitt. tion thxt we need not hesitate for one moment how to atwe have therefore commissioned our colleagues the Federa Councillors Fornerod and Frei-Herosee to restore constitutionalorder in the canton of Neufchatel, using force, if i necessary, and to see the constitutional functionaries rein- stated. "We have placed Colonel Bourgeois Doxat at Yverdun at the disposal of the Federal Commissioners as military chief. " The Cantons of Berne and of Vaud hLavebeen requested to provide eah two battalions, to be placed under the orders of the Federal Commissioners. " STAEM2P, President. " SCEESS, Chancellor. ,Bre .t a.
SOUTR AMBRIfJA. SO1UTHAMFTON, SATURDAY. Bythe Royal 3ixi Company's steamer TRmar, Captain Jellicoe, with the Brazilian and EiverPlate mails, in chap of Iientenant Payue, MY., A dmiralty agent, we xsve datesi from Buenos Ayres, Aug. 2; Montevideo, Aug. 5; Rio Janeiro, Aug.14; Bahia, Aug. 17; Pernambuco, Aug. 19; St. Vincent's, Aug. 26; Teneriffe, Aug. 30; Madeirs, Aug. 31; and Lisbon, Sopt. 3. The Tamar brought from the Brazils 109 passengers, 51 of whom landedatLisbon, and on freight 7,482Z. in specie,. jewelry value 33,3O00., and a cargo consisting of 56 serons of ipocacuanha, 730 barrels of tapioca, 3 bales of leaf tobacco, 143 serons of cochtneal; 2 quarter casess of wine, 316 bags of cocoa, 48 bags of coffee, and 110 pac'ages of sundries. Doring the voyage this steamer experienced fine weather. On the 24th nlt., in lat. 20 50 N., long. 36 46 W., passed the Dutch ship Wilhelmina and Clara, and the &merican ship ITo. 2,014, with third distinguishing pendant, both out. ward bound. On the 3d inst., off Lisbon, passed a screw steamer, ontward bound, apparently with troops on board. She signalled Britannia, but showed no colour; supposed to be English. On the 5th inst., off Ushant, p-ssed the Pcninsolar andOriental Company's .steamer Indus, with the out. ward Indix and China mails, Intelligence fromBuenos Ayres to the 2d lt. states that matterswereveryunstisfactory, and a civil warwas expectLed. In the province of Santa E a revclution had commenced, headed by Juan P. Lopez, who deposed Governor CuLen and assumed the reins of government himself,-X change which was much approved. Our Buenos Ayres correpondent, writing on the 2d, says:- " Our r6lations with the confederate provinces are once mGre out of joint; and, judging from present appearances, threaten serious compieations. "The sanction of e differential duties was suffieiently significant; the revolution of Santa F6 is" confirmation strong as holywrit." The re-inoorporation of Buenos Ayreg 'with the Confederation must be effectedc; at least, no means vill be left untried to accomplish that object, and the probableconsequence is another bloody and desolatingcivil war. "' Now, to be candid, we have only slender means of defenceor resistance. We found the Indians singlehanded rather more than a match for us lest suMmer, and we mav now expect to find them in close and intimate alliance with General Urquiza. Mfeanwhile nothing has been done, and we fear little can be done, to recruit our army; and it is now we are about toreap the bitter frnits of the late inva. sion upon Santa Fe that gave General Urquiza a plausible pretext for setting aside the conventions that had been entered into, and renewinghostilitieswhenever a favourable opportunity offered. " We sinoerely wish we may be mista-en, but it appears to us that the longed-for opportunity has arived, unless the foreign agents interpose directly, and we might almost say authoritatively, in favour of peace ; and of that theie is hardlya chance. In fact, the Brazilians haTe a direot in' terestinfomentingdiaoord; and their diplomacy,it must be confeesed, is as astute as it is selfish -a unsmcrupulous in the means to be employed. " Latest from-the Bosario --If the news that has just reached us be correct, the provinoe of Sant, F6 is alreidy in a state of confusion. General Lopez recognized as Pro. visionalGovernor in the capitl; ene Ecn quepro. caimed governor in one of thie departments; and a consi- derable partj,decided to stand by the constitution, and in-' slat on the reinstallation of Governor Cullen i "These internal difficultiea may perhaps occupythe at. tentionofUrquira forswme time and etard thoperations intendedaagainst us. At allevents,the uncertainty keeps business at a standill in the meantime. " Our internal affAirs go oin prosperously. Our cattle breeders and sheep farmere, who are not exposed to the inroads of the -Idians, are makingfortunes vithout know. ing why orwherefore. The as compny is in favour, aud abas at a premium s f froma 15 to Mper onti The rail. idA is advancing, and )En Brage, t1s er&ineer and contractor, promis9s that it wil be in operation by theist c( Januar. An emigraiosa society, hed by lYr. Sahac, d- O mris i uplying the Go uereent bWad for a largegrantF laudm ratsgonea Allegar,,thec ounuty akows a dis. osition tavamee, if allowd to do ao; batheevents tat*etakig pae around usthreatenl aerio coznpllea. tions to The Govrnment, " Ounces are quinet at about 362 curet dollars each." 'An extremely nsettled tabte of' the money-market at Buenos Ay during the ioonth 1UWd depressing eff , esPecially upon tLs locl mar1ke. Arriv hadbeen moderate, aud but few cargoe were squited. In artle of Aily uption the arrils 'were frequent andheay, but, nverlhelee, extremely hig prices prerailed. Sgr had made a oonsiderarl advance in price. llour, on the ontray, }hd fallefrounl3 to about 0j ptaconesa price which would still leave aiandaome pro§t to the importer, whten oompared with the 4urrent rstes in t'he Nlorth Aoerican market, hence the principal mpplies were obtiined In expcts reduced operations Wad taken pbce in SaldFw ad t-here was Dearly a spension of intercoure with the cOuntrY districts. A -very lUiid amount of produc wax the consequence, which was eageTrl taken p -at extreme prices and no stouck of any kindware alowed to zi mulate. The vaue of breeding tok wa beioming lbanoed, a cow zidertab portion of what ha laterly beeni sipped oaeomn fim the interiopro'vine. Rxcanp for hills an Lobale was quoted at 68 hfiget, low 66. Thefollowing Briih vesl were at Beas Ayre -The Ocean Spri, Me Ocean, the Xaitland, the Anue lI , the Criterion, ih Hz,tie seaxliyssp, the i1a4 M , tX e Oe oawri , the Oesnica the Snunmar Hill, and the Alice- At MUTeide. the- p p rw_t equally dwk. Gin th Adiisraio fl stdit le thle beet ne moptsiti intitiens, ths weeinanell .dlcLis apaeal nrmcnabMeimsim4 *sftilliUbA g>
- I - ,-I-AM,EICA., i . - ' r L LI; POOL: Bl. 7. 33y thie arzil ofithe Britih and Ncrth Anerican -Royal mail "atnahip Canada,, Captiin W. J. 0. Lang, we have recoived advices from New York 'to th6 26th ilt., and Boston-to the 27th. She brougjlt 5637,695 specie on freight, a:nd 86 pasengers The Niagara arriveda at Jalifax on the 25thuIt. Both Houses of -Congiress adjoumed on the 28th -without adjusting their differ.nces on tho coming Army Bill. Mr.Clayton introduced aresolution providing for the appointment of a joint sele conm3nittee of soven senators and n reprmatativez, to take into consideration the disagreeimg votes of the two Houses, with the view of arraniging the detaiis and settling the differences between them.. Senator Walker also introduced a measure embodying the 18th section of the bill providing for the admission of Kansa into the Union, which repeals the isst acL, and the laws restricting the freedom of the press and the liberty of -speech, pased by the Territorial Legislature. MIr. Campbell, chairma of the Committee of Ways and Means, had -prepared a neir Army Bill,' which might probably pass, excluding the restrictive proviso and providing for the rpal of the teritoriallawsof otepnsasa The New York Journal of Commerce remarks that as the proviso to the Army Bill was reluced to a single vote there was a prospect that it might be altogether neutralized "By the retuzn of absen members, or by the second thought of oue or. more of the predominantfaction,.wearied by unavailing persistence in a course that tends to no goo end. Meantimo thene are indications thatefforts will ba made to remove all pretext for obstructive actiorn inl tha House, by the repa of such provisions in the lAwa enactel by the KansaS Legislature as arejustly obnoxious to public sentiment." The Washingtor correspondent of the HeralU statesthat the policy of the Senate was to sit the session through to March next, unless the Amy Bill wras sooner passed. A special agent, Mr. Ahiy, from tho Free-soil patyof Kansas, wvas in Washington soliciting the £rssdent for assistance against their pro-slavery !opponerts. The Washington correspondenlt of the Ifercdd states that thle President being too much engag,ed to grant him an interview handed himn over vto his secretary, who informed the -agent that The President was just then so much engaged that he could not attend to the matter. With this consolation Mr. Ariy left his papers in the hands of the private secretar, and took his deparure forom the White House. The documents embrace a letter to the President and a semi-official account of the attack on Franl;lin. " MR.. .AaNY 1o THE PRmrDoNT, "To EHs EXCELLENCe YERANK PrCc, PRESrMDTr OF TEE Usrr STATES:- 'Sir,-A few days ago I had the honour to address you as secretary of a mass convention held in McLean coua.ty, Illinois, and to transmit to you certain certificates and affidavits in relation to outrages perpetrated by citizens of Missouri upon peaceable emigrants from our State and county, while on the Missouri River and other public highways of that State, en aide to Kanuss. "'Sinco then tho National Kansas Committee, located at Chicago, Illinois, have received from the ' Central Kansas Conmuittee' at Lawrence, Kansas, official information in regard to the preparation of citizens of Missouri and other States to drive out of the territory of Kans3s, or murder ' all the Free State settlers.' The facts wil be found testi fied to in the affidavit of Robert Morrow, Esq., herewith enclosed. "The committees are fully satisfied that, unless the general Govermment immediately interose, to prevent the incursions and outrages contemplated by amed bandsof men from Missouri and other States, who are prepared to overrun the territory, a civil war will be the result, which will involve the wholeNorth-West against the South. " It willbe appazentte your Exceuency that anymilitary demonstration such as is contemplated by citizeas of Missouri and other States of the South against Free State citizens of the North-West who have left their former homes to settle peaceably in Kansas will justify those pereons, and also tbe States whence they came, to resort to similar means in self-defence; and especially so if the Executive of the United States, or of tho State of Missouri, should fail to adopt measures to prevent these unlawful acts. " as tho Free State citizens of Kansas deprecate civil war, and have evinced their desire for peace by tbeir submission to robberies and other outrages, they appeal to you to protec them; and inblf of their committee, whose credentials I bear? as also in behalf of the ational Kansas Committee, of wbich I have the honour to be a memcer, I solit younr immediate couideratioe of this important subtect, and tho interposition of your power and authority to prevent the impending civil war and its attendant horrorsd theattac up With allnrespect olrs t e- "Ssarr-oryscTAL A ccoui,- OF rTIII At.rACx OSBFnAYLIN "The pderoigned fwould hereby certiny that he left tho teritory of r anasn on the 15th iay ef Tu gut, 185, and makes the following statement of the leading facts conunectedwith the present state of phings in that territory from personal knowledge of the ciroamstances. Since the attack upon Lavrrence, May 21st last, weith the exception of a few skirmishes, matters i the territory have remained in comparative quiet. The ;oresence of the Govnent troops, wehile it seemed to produce acheck upon the designs of the pro-slavery men, served them wi.th an opportuity to make more extensive preparations. Provisions and arms, both guns and cannor and ammunition have been secretly introduced into and stored in different parts of the territory; bands of from 50 to 200 men each from e issori are fortifying themselves i a continuous line throngh the settled Portions of the territory, 'in readines^s for a simultaneous descenlt by niht upon the scattered and defenceless Free State people. en from Soauth Carolina and Georgia commonly called 'Burford men,' remaied in a ad rected fortifications, calling them 'colonies,' in different p arts of the terrtory; the forti'dcations numbered some 10 or12 There are three in Douglas county, tvo at Ossawatomie, von of them commthdedbt holeman, who murdered Dow, andthe rest extend along the Missol i river. The Missouioans have been furnishing the Carolinianst, Georgant and their own men waith provisions, ammunition,h When all oas ready the isfsouri border made an avowal of their plan; the thu they had the Free State men in their powier; they resolved to execuLte it. The questionnas to the time of attac kwas tho onlypoint, and this wvas settUed on to take place immediately after the adjournment of Congress. Fually satisfied that extreme danger impended over the Free State men, they(the Free Statemcn)app3aledto the military to afford them protection bythedisper. sion of these armedbands. This wasrefusedinthe case of a band of upwards of 100 men, encamped about six miles from Lawrence, on Washington Creek. The river meanwhile wasguardedat everypoint, andnoFreeStatemenrreached Kansas up the Missouri river, or through the State of Missouri. So certain were the Missourias and ot'erproslavery men of success that on the 12th Mr. Hovt, formerly of Massachusetts. vas shot down on the prairies by the ruffians at the block house, near Washington Crek, a&d on thesarme day another Free State man was kdlled by these brutal murderers. Seeingthis state of things, knowing that lifo or deathlh-anguponthecrisis,theFreeStatomenresolved to meet it like men. They could not wait; to do that would be to secure the success of the ruafians. They decided not to do it, for not only would their property be sacrificed, but their wives and children rethlessly robbed and murdered. They concluded that the time had come having been refused protection by the Government troops, when they must defend -themseivas . .ranklin was one of the dens of the ruffians.. They occupied a block house in the town. This block house the Free tatemen attacked and carried on the night of the 12th of August. They lost one man, killed-Edwrad Sackett,, from Detroit-aud two were wounded, and- seven-others-were slightly injured. The ruffians, being strongly fortified, escaped; only four were wounded. They surrendered- and wrem permitted to leave. The Free State men took 60 shnd of arms, one cannon, powder, and a large amount of stores. The most of the arms had been stolen from Lawrence, and were identified; there were a fewUnitedStatesmuiskets. The story of the St. Louis Republican and other pa7er, in regard to the 3;lling of the postmaster anud robbery ot mails, &c., is untrue-not a building, not a citizen, nor the property of any citizen, was searched or disturbed. "The assault was confined to the marauders' den; it began there and ended there. - I left Leavenworth on the 15th'- very little was knoown there of the. difficulty at Franl.i. The pro-slavery men3 supposed that 'the abolitionists were routed, and contert.' At Kansas City the case was differenit- some of those who escaped from Frankliu, had tdiWa the truth. A large meeting was called on Friday afternoon, the 15th inst., and the citizens aredto rai their qubt`of 2,000 men 'to overrun Kansas Atchison and Stningfellow were on the boat and got off at Kansas city. Next afternoon, the 15th, we arived at Lexington; there, too, the news of the dafeat oftthe Thffans at' F<raktrawas --kn'o*,'aud a large meeting was held, and the citizens of LeXionresolvedto in their quota of men to subtue the free men ofKansa From all that I sew in Kansas tei y an o the imouri rver I am fully satisfied that' Misoturiss, Georgia,, and South Carolinians are about to invade the territory and destroy all Free State men, and that civil war, with all ita attendant horrors, wiilprevail, unless the peeral Gov'arment imme. diately interferes to prevent it. " Given under my hand and seal this 19th day of Augut, 185O ' "ROBERT MORROW." The abstance of the conversation between the President's private secretary and the Kansas Deputy is taid to have been as follows "Mr. Aray, haVing given information of the purpo of his call, 'was asked by Mr.Webstef what new fcts were w: forthin tbeSpetition he bore to the President, zelative to Kansas affairs. " r. Army repled that the' isomurias liad made aud werc about making furtherdeseuts on the Free State settlers; with asiew to drive them from the territory, amd he ought the interpositioin of, the Executiva to restrain the invaaem k , der. Webiser inquired if Mr. Amny w&a not ibforme-o the orderrecently ised. t the, Uit" '8tates tr, MI did not believe that under them,even if t cm wo ode,good oiti rwould'reeite prot6con. "Mx. A4ryansweredthat the troops would notinter- "Th-,en replied Mr. We , 'I suppose you do no dread the somurianz,'if lhe l Fedea tr pa do not ie- c boet has been that the FM f h M km p0W8 pore 6todiiv,e-o£f 4reold -if ffle!i6-At &tiW0di 3cee!p1da]bedeff.' ; t -fi i - eWeaM uhington correspondent of ith'e T;*ne *asserts that the American State Council of North $roliina had determinea -to recommendc all -the lodges of theState to cat thaeir votes for Buchana intead of, Fillmore.; " 1The grounds for ta1dnz such a coume are that the late elections have prov that Mr. Fillmore cannot carry a single Southern State, while there is no chance of his receiving any electoral votes from the North, and that it behoves the South to present a united front in such a crisis as that she has now to pass through." . A ve5sel had arrived at NewYork with the greater portion of the telegraph cable lost from the James Adger. A portion of it had been used in laying, the line down across the gut of Canso. At St. Louis a meeting caJled to discus the state of affairs on Kansas adopted the following resolution "Whereas, organized armed bands of deserate menhave invaded Kansas, for the purpose of expellng or extermin Riating r,Tceable law-abiding citizens, an in Carig out the said purpose exave been guilty of arson, robber, and marderin inoffensive citzenus while esgagedin their lawsful a wsuiets women end children have been driven from the,i hmoms, rendered wfidows, orphan, heuseless, and pmrniless, therefore- "Resolved, Tha' we deeply svmpathize with the sufferers, and are wiling to extend them shelter and protection ad whatevrer aid may be required to s,upply their necessities t that we conrThmn the spirit of bigotry of the fanatical aboE-~ tionists which has produced this stato of things; thSt a' committee of .10 be appointed to gain proper information,. and, if thought advisable, to visit Hansas and report if they recommend the raising of relief-funds; and, if so, that a committee be aTpointed to effect,that object and appro. priate properly the fuds rais-ed; thit in no event will we san;ction any interference or action against the constitution,' or anythinxg not wfarranted by lawr and right; that we desire, the interposition of the Fedeial Government to s Ibdu iisurection and protect the rig,hts of citizens in the territories." - ! , A meeting in aid of. the pro-slavery party in sansas was being organized in New Orlcans. Severaldeepatches hadbeenreceived.fromSt. Louis touching Kansas affairs. The first, dated St. Louis, August 23, contains advices fromLawreneetotihel7tb which state that nearly 500 Free State ien marched upon what is called Colonel Titus's anmp, near Lecompton, on the preceding day, and took the party there assembled, 20 in all, prisoners. They efended themselves from the log houses some time, and wounded 10 of the Free State party. One hundred TUnited States' Dragoons interfered to prevent an attack upon Lecompton, whereupon the Free State men returned to La6wrence with their prisoners. Governor Shannon, Major Sedgwick, and Dr. Rtoderick, of Lecompton, went to Lawrence on the 17th to demand the release of the prisoners. After a conference it was agreed that when six of the: 4 Free State prisoners held by the authorities were delivered up, the howitzers taken from Lawrence returned, and aU the camps of armed pro-slavery men disversed, the prizoners should be released. Another despatch, dated the 24th, reports that* Lecompton had not up to that time been attacked by Lane's party, although it was expected hourly. it is said that the Free State men number 2,000 strong in the territory, and were preparing to fortify Lawrence in case a retreat to any particular point became necessary. The last despatch, which is dated the 25th, mentions that 400 volunteers from JacksoncountyhadenteredKansas. Lane@sRegiment was said to be fortifying Wakinsa. Governor Brown and others were still in the custody of the Government troops. General Smith had ordered all the disposable forces up to Fort Leavenworth. tollowing the California example, the citizens of St. Paul, Minesota, had held a meeting, and formed a committee, charged with the extirpation of all bad characters from the city. Advices from Vera Cruz to the 22d ult. state that the British mail Bteamer Conway left Vera Cruz on the 6th ilt. with .-3,000,000 dollars on freight. At the capital the Government and Congress were acting harmoniously. The Ministerial crisis had assed without any resignations in the Cabinet, although some hadbeen tendered. Thenew ConBtitution was under discussion, and the liberam articles were in favour. There was an animated debate on the clause respecting religious toleration. The tabinet opposed the reasure as useless, but the puros adopted it. Congress had, however, adopted the 15th srticle of the new Constitution, establish:ing r;oijs-$4}ration: . . . - . - Ctomonfort was turning l;ia attention to public imnprovements. The coinage for the year 1855 in the Csam de Moneda of Zacatecas was $3,819,000. "Immense placers of gold" are reported to hate been discoveredin the State'of Guerro. Theyellow fever was ragingat Vera Cruz wiih violence. The Indians in the northern States were committing fearful ravages, and Vidaurri had taken advantage of the fact to call the people of Zacatecas to his aid, offering to delend them against the Indians. The Mexican Government, fearing that the Tehnantepee expeditionits were Fillibusters, was watching their movements. Our commercial advices state that money continued plentiful and in good demand, rates for c1ll loans being 7 per cent., and for short first-clh paper 8 to 9 per cent. Stocks were lower and dulL Sterling exchange was firm but quiet, rates for best bankers' bills being 1091 to 1093. Cotton was dull, without change in price. Flour was a shade lowrer, and prices unsettled. Wheat was lower and irregular at the close. Pork was heavry. Iron was steady. Freig,hts to Liverpool were easier and quiet. Cotton id. per lb. Flour Is. 6dL per barrel. Grain t'. to 7d. per busheL LATEST, BY EIEO1TRIC TELEGRAPH, VIA HALIFAX. NE3W YORK, AuG. 28. The eteamers Hermann and City of Manchester arrived to day, and the Etna sailed yesterday. The money-market to-day is firm Since Tuesday $1,500,000 have arrived from California. Breadstus are firm and stil tending upwards. Cotton unchanged. NE3W ORlLEAS, Axuo. 26. The sales of cotton to-day amounted to 225 b1das. Middling quoted 10*e.
CIIBXr , AG wrcunT A SoCnfry.-The 19th annive?sary of this society was held on Thursday last, at Nantwich. In aHllits different departments this showwas the first that the society has had, and was pronounced to surpass any 'hat had been proviously held in Cheshire. The cheese, for which that county stands so prominent, was exhibited under spacious tents, attracted a very Large shae of attention, and was remarkable 3a well for the excellanca-of its quality as for its quantity. Mfr. Tollemache, lK.P., presided at the dinner. VMo proposing the leadng toast, "SuccesRs to the Cheshire Agricultural Society," h made the following remarks upon two subjects of considnerble interest to agricultraihatd. He had ventured, he asaid, to' sendl to the showl a Scotch harvest cart, -whieh Scotcbmen maintained would carey more than any wa£gon. That he doubted. To a cerainty, however, it would carry nearly as much; it was much lighter, and. about one-fifth of the expense, for, by shifting the body, which was commonly done in Scoland, the wels and axietree of a commlon dnngcart would also do for the harvest cart when thatwanted Hear.) He had recently travelled a good deal in Scotland, bnot one single waggon had he seen. In Northumberlad ad some of our northern counties the agon was dis. apearyng; and the time would come, he belioved, en tht cumbersome implement would be looked upon as -a curiosity in the 'count.y of Chceteri Hethen referred with satisfactjontto the discusson in the somety'ofa m st important agricultural question-that of farmagremens; nd h tok thato opportunity of ieturh;; lahis raWtfulac;knowledgments as a adlornto his frifd, k.Humberston for the time and labour head hbstowed in submittin othe countyan agreement which he (the chairman) beieved to be exceDent in principle and dot.l Some time ago he was as strong an adTocate as any one for leases for a. term of years, and had introduced them- oni hist estate in Chesbire, ncdl- continuecld them n his .eState in Suffolk. However, since the total,repeal of the corn laws and the new discovery of gold, great fluctuations ha take plaWe and be believed that no humn -eing could h's^- such a notion of the future price of agacultuzal pro. duo. as to. enable him to -form a scale -whereon to let. farm for a% term of, he -would say, 14 years no consecuently decided to ti a portion of the Scotch system. of fArm tenure. He sail '- a portion," for God forbid that the whole of it should e'Ter be introduced into Ihigland. - That system, which he ado Aed w-th the viewrof avoiding fluctuations in -the rents canot answer. Hi tenants Cue ~alluded particularly to Suffolk) dislied %t and be therefore, deterssined on Adoptin- annual agreemnts, 'with clausee which secured to the tenants ample com!pensattion, as be believed, for unexhauste improvements. HTis Suffolk t;enantsy, who were for the most part wealthy mess, and who had been accustomedl to leaae for I1, years seemed perfectly satisfie -with these new agreeanontff, and jsnder ithemi were cryn out agrleiltural lmi. provemnents with greter spitt Wever. They had been adVed with siularaly graifying' result.on his estate' in Nrthmptnshre.Such facts were worth mome than colmnas of argument in tlheshape of letters and spaeoliha and he intended to introduce the mama sysktem on his. estates in Cheshire The chairman sated that hi farns agreement (a copy of which he held in i. hand) kWd besiDi drawn out w ithget care, anid witk a dee'reto pot.ct the tenant quite s-einueh as the laadlord; tha he ddnot oeas how sauch it was- diwscused aud that he ahouild b* inost hato giv* ucosieratd IL to n puw ll
-,IBELA"~. . (nM,S Ox. OWN - H- - DUBLIN, SkTUXDAYr XORWcIG,, EN2ousd ED mZT.Arx OOURT.-THlR SADXMS. A petition, hs been lodged on tihipart of John 'W. .tiurmester,' , S1.> Law, James Sadleir, and Clement Sadleir,' heirs-at-la of JohhnSadleir, deceased, for the sale of property in the 'counties of Cork 3nd Tipperary. The estiiimatod yearly Talvie s setdown at 3,7881., aaid'the encimbrances amount to tho enormous auam of 157,2981. .16s. The petiioners in the case are Edmuxnd Blo]sounse and Another. In reference to the Kminston esttees ini Cork, which so mysterioulyd ,pa d. intothe haids of te.,deeeasbd''arch-winale di the hands of yesterday bus the subiQined statement "On Tuesday ecvning, the Earl of Mnston accomanied by hi! solicitor, Mr. J. K.' Cautwell, Dnblin, and Mr. Power, An En 1ish capitaist, arrived it the Kingston Arms' Hotel, Mitchelstown, and proooeded on the following day to 'visit the Ca4tle and dememe, which are situate about a quarter of a mile from the town. He was received at the entrance hy Mtr. sL 'C. lBourke, who has resided there since his Lordship's departure, and shown throWh the prerases, after lwhic ho .returned to uown. His rahip was ttended by. a iusmber of his tenantry, and former, servantss who took every oppotunitof testifying theirrespect and esteemforhima8 aldnd I ad generous benefactor. We have lieardthattheobiectofhisLoridship's visit is to clect all possible information reative to tie management of his estates during the long period'of his abeence, with a viaw of sLstainingthe suit at present pending in Chancery, which is expected to oome t an e in November. The presbnttrustee andmortgiaee both of castle end estate is h Thomas Joseph Eyre, of Bath. Mr. James Sadleir, as mssrager of the Tipperary Bank, origiiially held a mortgage on the castlo and demese. but on a- recent application made by lord. ngston before-the Master of the Rolls, to have further security given for the receiver, Mr. Nichoias Sadleir, tfie official manager of the lank, consented to have Mr. Eyre, the then mortgagee of the estate alone, declared the mortgagee in 'powession of aL 31r. 'ae claims on foot of hisimortgago and for advances, areL O,000l., which-amount is disputed by Lord Kingston, who clains several sets-off, which, if admitted wi reduce it veryconsiderably. It is understoodthat n Norembor a motion is to be made in Chancery, on Lord Kingstones boTdf, to hve althe accounts of the estate taken up to the er, and that when his decision is known, and the eantire amont of tho charges folly made ot, Lord Kingsh ton will negotiate to have them all discharget Thep resent nnual rental of the Mitchelstown estate is about 18,Ao." The opponents of 'the Irish Seba5topol C ill be gratified to learn that the trenches, will positively be re-opened in the nextvseion of Parliament, anpu d that another vigorous effort will be' made to demolish the stubborn stronghold. This decision was 3nnounced on' Taesday in the followfing, letter read at thoe meeting of the' Bel1fast Protestant Associa- Soycdear Dtr. oare s-1'ray assrae the Christ Cunrch Protestant Association that I duly appeciate the kind manner in which they have noticed my. attempt to put down the ational sin of dauporting the idolatrous College of Maynooth. The cDlleje, I have no doubt, is doomed. S ow Iong it w uhe sufferedtoremaing ths hardetgosay. At mytime of life, 73 complete, I cannot expect to be permitted to see the full success oE my exetions. Those exerSions wnould have been altogether in vain had it not been for the assistanceand encouragemenm ahich I have received from your society, and others of a similar nature. If spared til neth session, it is my intention to move the question again, and I sEhall depend upon a renewal ef your kind suaport.-I am, my dear Dr. Drew, yours tral,i "RicIIARD SrOOh-R" Previousts the reading of the foregong , the Rev pr. Drewo read the 25th chapter of Isat ir, and then he and all present knelt in prayer; after nhich ae animated discussion ensued in reference to the rather ricLetty position of the Conservative party in the Legislature, snore especially as regards the knotty qurestion of the a iaynooth grant or endowment. Eventually, the following resolutionm as adopted.- " Resolved,-That this association learns with regret that any doubt exists in the mainds of any Protestants as to tho position in heich r aynooth stands to the emp3ire at lrge, and to Protestants especially; that there is abundant evidence to show that no compact wrhatever exists betwreen th'e Govermnent and the supporters of aynooth; that there ISTno lega compact, for ot such no record is to be foundo nor is there a farlihmentary understanding counected with the Jnion, in behalf of Maynooth, inasmuch as it is notorious the all hut nnanimous vote of thenHouse of Lords, in 1799, ntterly rejected the proposal for a grant;- even if taynooth did come ve der tho proviso which allowved religions and benevolent institutions to receive certain sums for 20 years, that such time has expired. Independently, hows - evera of all such views, this association holds the grant, wether iv its ofr later state, to be incomptible nith Protestnt principles and with civil and reElgions liborty." The local paper thus reports the conclesion of thc proceedings.:.. -''a Withearn t and lastgner. 1e etionhe,mtmwerksujhned inthe-Ddxology, the PrsiEithpe~ited 'hesos1Zlic bene diction, and all retired happy in thus fulfilling their duty to theomonarch, to reigion, o the Biblo, and tho Sovereign Runler of all men." Aropos of the. prevailing di5sensions in the Conservative camnp, a friendly nloithern journal oth serves: " Disguise it as they may, there is gnashing of teeth in the Conservative camp. Onrginated by ur. Disraeli, in bis last speech and dying declaration at the cose of the session 'a mournful howl isatill kept up byhisand their organs at the press, ghots opinions are about as intelligible as the movements of the leaders, and whose senthiments are as incorsistent with their acts as those acts are inconsistent ith wi hat onght to belong to Conservatism. At present an OcPosition, ProPerl so called is not in the Parliamentary hosts-these hosts which threatened at the last general election, to wrk such a moral revolution in the Governlment of the united kIngdom. One thing, at least, is pretty clear, that unnimity of feeling, if it ever existed, has vanished, and that a great party is left to flounder in despair, the leaderereecting on the misled, and the mised in trn tkn precating the broben vows of the leaders. Some might wish tor suoh a 'wre-we are not of them-but it was foreseen as the natural consnence of promises yhich could never be fulfilled, and it oney disapponts those who iwere simnle enough to be caught wit.h chaff. The pultbic mayr rememb6er the addresses of the candidates when they made ther bowr under Lord Derby's auspices; and howl, with peculia r tact, certainly not naccordance with Conservatismn, the gentlemen contrived to swear by one politicrl chief, while they declared themselves of all poltical opinions; hoe in one lace theo were threetraders;in another Fretraders and Protectionists in a third Reformers, and so on, according.to the prevailing interestsof the constitrency. Tho wonder, then, under sch circumstances, that consistency involved compromise, or the total renunciation of hat bad been promi; and that wfith the Opposition Lord Derby could not govern, just as from its ranks Lord Palmerston could at any tine cul as manyas would give him a majority. Thisisonview of the cause of thedemoralized state of the prty. Another mwy be seen among thoe loaders who aro saiindg nnder false colours; for it islmown to .he vroiest tyro that at any timeo yoa may go into this professedly Conservative cmnp anld pick out as many degenerate Wnigs, degenerate in fact of all parties in the State, wsho joined Lord Derby whien he hatd anything to give, hut wFho lest their affection for him when he StOOd before them minus his patronage." The directors of the Royal Bank of Ireland have declaeed the wsual dividendat thre te of 6 per cent. per annump, with an increased bonus of 6 per cent. which makes the amnount for division among the areholders 12 per cent for ths current year. THE }HA=REST. aPe week just closed has5been udpOnl the wrhole favourable for hacrvest oerations, and all the Iltest reports fronithe provinces speak hopefullyiof the prospects of the farmers. There wsvaasmsrt thunder,stormfon it!onday, in Eildare and the adjacent counties, but no damage was done to the crops by the heavy rains,which accompanied it. T.he Cork Examiner says :-: " The weather has been vaied and uncertain for the last fewv days, heavy showers of rain uan .strong winds telling mn terms not to be misunderstood thatgthe summer weather of afcwv Ueekssino is fast disappearing. Fortunately, as far as the farmers are concerned, the cropee have been, writh a few and,.isolated exce<,tions, completely gathered in andl secured .tbroughout tis county-*and, sa the produce begis to bec ascertained; we underisand' that, 'generlly speakrg di.ea peinted.foobour arcultural friends have not been di,port We believe that thr oughout this country theproduce from wheat will realiso more than an average crop; b'4t. thiogh -a iar:'retumn has been obtined from the oate, we canet speak of it in an eiquaiy. satisfacory mnner. Barley, wre undertisd, 'wrill thus year' iprove a productive gan avauable crop, and, though. a .little late .in adele oii. ctris, it ,is expected that thle produce wilt muor thi compensate for its tardiness in coming to snatarity. With reference to the potato crop the accounts are somewhat conflicting. -To use a phrase that' appears to be rather uonulr among farmers, and somewbag expreasivey ,pi~i their meaaag m somne of:'the districts of thi couanty, the potetoes ar ' touched,' and some oI .lities appear to have sufferd ia a somewhat greater. degree, though at the smM time it must be understood, as far as -we have learned, that those cses are more partl and isolated than in other districts" TH qFUNDS.' ThreperCent, Consls, 94; dittofor-ekount,l2thof September, 94 : New Three per Cent. Stock, 943 4;- ditto for Account, :2fi of Se te ber, 943 .; ditto for New Acooun'L, OZ; Bxk S'efS 22e 9 owCopper Mno, S.paidforaccount, 28S eondiaT Slwa Hinuandi icdeto, aOt ptir 6It Great Souther t an WeJt.xrI 504 pald, x. d.; ditto paid inFfull)90L ur1 ex Int.; Irish Sonth-Eatern. 121. paid, 8; xdlad.Get Western and RoyalCa:nal, 5p@. paid, Ed3; ewrry, Warrenpoint, and Rotrevor, 01-paid, 54 '.oxi Rust-= Socsxr-The Roya Huan Sociesty ttheir ls meeting *wrded to. lLr. .T.ohia Isw Eilton, sgeon, -of Catle-stree*, Falcon-squre, ity, their honorar bronze medallion, and a otf ethask in cr:nbd on parelunent, for his socefoel exactions in silnt injh and rescuing a chiNl from ont.of the Miay~4' f esr Gravsend, o4 the 9thi aelt. th chl baigfaln *,l5wgon:thba ks, '
Ie .- . TO THE EDITOR OP THE TI ; 0 . gSr,-As one among many officers in the same posEan. as myself, lately forming part of the Turkish Coatitgnt I aqw me to- make known through your columns the cir- cumstances of peculiar hardship under which .1 consider that we labour when compared with those of the German and Italian Legion., Thowofficers in ithe contingent-rhobelonnedeithertothe Qunen's rnular service, or to that of the Hon. East India Company, on the disbanding ef our foroe, returned, as a matter of cOurse, to their respective reiments. They had beeii alowed to serve in Ttirkey,;whilehe war lasted, drawing their mentL full pay, aswellas their contin-ent pay and allowsnoes; to their officers I do not refer, hut tSere was, ainother clas of men who held commissions in the Turldsh Contingent-viz., offioers on haIf-pay, or who had sold out of the service, and others who (no less than the foregoing, Englishmen at heart) had served in' foreign arnies ; these on the declaration of war, fieawfrom allpart of the world to talce part in the coming struggle, anious -to disinguish thexiselves, desirous of serving. their country. Many of these officers gave up comfortable homes, soldI need not say at what sacifice-the property which had maintsined them, *and received in return a commission in' the Tgrkish Contingent. -They acted from honeot- triotio motives, making Mo b&rg&Jn with Government w at pay thewee reei,hwongthe rservie tho lre ws sem,svsQeere re.4uired by their countyand thaLtthr wass every prepect of their being sent on immediate active Thatitese h6pes were most bitterly disappointed is weUl known; Lt the fault was not'theirs. On whom the blame relly rest they know. They were disgusted at being prevented from taking an active partinAsi inthe autumnof-1855,amidthose stirrng scenes m which they'had fondly hoped to be able to distnaish themselves, but still they did their duty as soldiers without comilaint, and.turned all their attention diaig the long ensuig winter to the well-being and discipline of their troro, to the intreaiung their influence over the Turkish ocffiers and men, And to the important objeeT of getting them iuto the finest order possible, to be ready for heaosly-epected sprib.g campaign. -With ring came peace, and on the 15th of May ast the cavalryot the Turkish Contingent was reviewed by the British Ambassador and the Sersskier on the heights of Hermendere, and handed over the same day to the Turk-ish GoTernment. Those who saw the three brigades on that' day-felt and expressed their surprise attheir soldierlike appearance, afd at the ease and precision wlitwhich they m - Iiceunraj der the oomm nd of their British officers doin amjvnFlelustice to the unceasing care which MIajor-General Shlyhd etne noon them from the first day that he Iassumed the command)The remainder of the troops shoritl after arrived 'frorm Kertch, and all the officers received from HerMajesty's Government two and a-half months' pay and allowancesas a gratuity. Xow, Sir, we should have made no remar on receiving this two and a-half month's pay, ntor hat the time we thought that the noble lord at the head o the War Datrrtment might have made it in round numbers three months, and we should have settled down "tent bien9que mat" into some other mployment-certainly not a Government or e, for Inueed not say that in this aristocratic republic of ours theloaes and fishes are no' divided among the multit;de, but reserred for men with noble or official connesons-but whaxt do we find on arrival athoe We find that, the officers of the German, Swiss, and |Itran Legions had made a bargain beforehand with Government, and were to receive a year's pay as a gratuity, but, not satisfied with this, our Government, prodigal to foreigners, but acting as a stepmother to its orn children, provides for her favoured German Legion by sending them out to the Cape bich free grants of land, arms, rtions, and suoplies,wherewith to found a flourishing colony rich in fuisore hope. We fadtht in conurrence with the mnister for the lgientine epublieo the talian Ifion isi to be sent in ntish transports, off icers and men, t9 ngrnt, wiith a year's m py in advance as. aBgratuit, three months' rations and siesaofmall sortafurnishedhy heerMaljety'slGovern. mert, the dsets' paytbeisg zuaranteed by the argentine oepublcd with a large grant of sin one of the finest and healthiest climates in the "orld. Onetnatrally inakswhat have theeGernan and Italia legions done to deserve this favoured treatment. The answrer is "2othing2" Well, 'the TurishContingent did quite adnuch at all events "But," sayotheiras mirern , "theyare a splendidcodytof men and if theyhadbeen callea intote field aould have disnashed themselvesI " And I answer, so would we! And here o et me express my sincere renard and aofmyiration for our poor "Beno Johbsnies:' gentle and, contented in camp,. -rbrave and hardy in' the orignld heyhave sXofed theeletobe,sobediet' dt attached r to their officers, fond of their profes si bo, thera does not exist in the worsd better stu for a soldier than a Tur. s This, a awnl are, has nothing to do with the dubject of my letter, but it burst from me in shite of myseLf hale wrting of a ur being disbanded andvisions of onr poor fellows nowr it before my eyes, illd ressed, half strved, and i npaid hen they joined s. happer and contented during our rele, and now, ala6 ! retuned to their or~in state of misery. famili res turn to the question. Is it right that becauseEnglibshmen made nobargain bith Government for their blood that they should meet witph worse terms than tose mercenaries who ealculated on.our contrys distress, and sold their swvords accordingly 7Would not an English-l man have the defene_ of the Caiffre front'ier equally at heart writh a German, and is an EEnglishman a vworse farme than^ an Italianrefngee ? There are many of ficera who did $ood service in the contingent, who sacrBified their all to join it' froin distant lands, and have now returned to their I families to regret the day in which they abandoned comfortable homes for a jpromising, hut passing shadow. These wrould gladly emigrate to the Cape on thke same termas as the of ficers of the German Legion. The generosity of Great Britain is boundless to foreigners, but are yon an Englishman7 HeUe-7LI For you there is nlobounty-for you no grants of land! In making sacrifices to serve your country you only did your duty!i Be satisfied! Conscience is is your best rewvard, anld "L suer-ic cm reconnaiassnte" EL MORO! 0London, Sept. 4.
TO THB EDITOB OF !HEB TIMES. Sir,-Will the writer who has received orders from the Austrian Government to refate you (iszpar congressus !), and who asserts that Ireland is more oppressed than Poland or Hungary, be kdnd enough to inform us how many of the Irishmon taken prisoners by the Russians volunteered to serve agns ttlaetyrannical English?becBuseit npar1byzetumnsin the EnglishWar-officethat out of274Poesta kenat Penzarsund all, excepting eight only, enlisted in the Turkish service without bounty, and on condition of receiving the zame pay as the Turkish soldiers-about ls. per weelk Of course, the Irish being more oppressed than the Poles, and of an equally belicose disposi'ion, cannot hu.e been less ready than they to seize on the first opnprtunity of avenging the wongs of their country. There is EO good an understing between almnost all Austrian military officers Iof rank nd the Eussian Government that your opponent can have no difficulty in obtaining the necessarv informstion, which wll doubtless wonderillycorroborate his guments. It might also be well, if he would at the same tine explain how it happens that England, with considerably-fewer ithn 20,00D aoldiers, can coerce Ireland (writhing underlier nmparrUeled wrongs), vhen X00,00 A.ustrians were unable to reduceH3!ungar to subjection without the assistance of I80,000Russiaos?-audwhatisthezeauon thatQueenYictoria dares to permit Ssiith O'Brien's returnto +disracted Ireland, whilethe Emperor Frncis Joseph not onlyLkeeps in exile Eosseuth ana innuuserable other Hunaris.n, hut snakesita gronnd of complaint aganst Her Mjeatys vernmont that it affords them an aylum, in a spot sO near as England to the u dominions? T 1-a7 +.lla leAnA- +A sAa QR;. awo2Soie ONE WHO Hig VISrED ROL D,- HUNG-ARY, AND mELAND. B Olsownog NSept. 4.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Several newspapers in England have spoken at dif. ferint times of the sanitary state of Boulogno. in a manner vhich has produced a ery considerable prejudile apist thircity, andiw hope-, terfore, from- your well-known impe alityand love of treth, that yon ri1 have the good.: nes to give publicity to the folowing reurnjwhich exibits extly the actul seato of our town:- I In 1S55, dfizing.the months ef: Xvly anD AgosuA,. there died in Boulogne 148 persons, of whom 90 were children. Dauing the oorregponding mont.hrs of 1856 there died 161 porson, of whoL2ni were children. I-Desthis trifling di!f waeerrnt. the. pamc; that. exists and the alarming. awcounts that have been .circulated 7 Itis quite true hat here3 s in many other localities of Franeo and'Enjland, cases of malignant eore throat, have existd; but, 'with a vei7 few exceptions this diseee hba been confined to the poorer quarters of the town aud the most indignt of the Popultion. B Conda few cases. of tbim decinolon; of which only 22'chIldren died in the month of Aujust, we vuse you on our honour there eists here. no other epidemic mildy whatevers Indeed, we may add, a bresnlazke fact that inBoulognies the poultion of which includin iitora,.is nearly 40,000, fevers, saatna,a~d disea this itye, are nnally much less sevs in their character than in other places In striing eidenee of this, it is well-known that on the departure of the camp. fromthe neighbourhood in the montE of July there was not quite 2 per cent, of the men on the eick listan . extracedinary. fact that elicited exprewdna stoE ishent fro the llperor. tsdelegates of the Medialoi ety of Boulogne, e are deputed to3 request the insrion of this letterin: the column o~ct Time, an,-d in the nxame 'of tha body wre beg to msu seieorslves, . " Your obediect servnts, P3AMEOCHA13D, , MLD.. llPxdnt .A. I. I . ' * J. IL OOKFosr;" i n I - :- 1 2oe.1ope 3& Mw, Sp.$ , .. , StbaiRt6 M1Adiem1a dAo Hni1w - . LIVOI8. M.D., 86creM dsiz it h ciii U i :. i . ; Mi,, . I'' '-''L BOWURY. 1LD.. X&A;n A. P>T.M.U - Ciiil-c doueIc
zz7Ir lidTRAIT,TRPOLf,I& -- Afire which wsa of a meot forimlbh f arotksa4 -for liourimenie&to d fy the exertions of 'ian 0ais toaub&e it, broke out about kalf-pad2 2' et:oky~ u q t(Smzmy) mornaing, inL -the extensive ane o.f praivO heloaing to Xr. W. Stoneham, carie builder and proprie40, ikBodf.ra-A-rset,r fpeerSeymoxr.roet. Euao--sq . Mm property- ied u larpe spaw of grov4d, sa ed prixed harselmiakeswoehqops, p"insand a houes, stabbeg, sad spsciousstorerom-* The firemen, After- ,,ue boorous' hud zwrk, sceedd fit It!guiab tgte t mr,- b r*sot until'aMMoe05amout Of property WAs con s seM , Wibis tnus offliCJly r*poted by Mr. 8uperintendentlffraidwoo :- * "Theharnessmakers eworlbops andcon.terdestroyed " Theb nters' zh*ope burnt do*n and sib& ~s trad therein'eon,eed. : - "Mhc stpbighburnt down. "The storeroms nearly &Ytroyod. * "Insured for the bulding and contents in the Surr'g "The'originofthefireisu nown. Gawa s burnVoMr t hepr em sees. - - - : "The enginespresent weref hoeoafteparish, twoof t2e A'district of Brigade, three oethe , and two of tho 0, irittz that of the West of England-office." - - . A Another fire, which was attendedl with the loss. of somal thousand poimds' worth of property, prip ally corni, hap.- pened in the premises mknown as Tuland-wharf, Ulpper Thames-street, city. The buildings in which the nififortune began faced the Ri-er Thames, and extended something like60feettowardstheland side. They wereintthetenure 'of Messrs. Green and Sedgwick, cornfactors, and unlder the wrehouses was an opening for the waggons beloiging to. Mr. Percival, coal merchant, to pass to the twater's edge.- The fire commenced in. one of the floors of the war-ebouse on the wharf belonging to Xemsr. Green and Sedgwick One of the city 'police, who wa :pasungover Blckfriars-bridge yesterday morning, notced dense mawes of ied smoke issuing from ore of tle win dows of tfe warebouse belonging to the a&oovenamedI firm. The officer gave an alarm, and ran round inta Thames-street and aroused these persons who were leftt in, chage of the different buildings leading to theriveron. each side of the gateway and yard. Inafew=rinuter Mems. Percival's ostlers got ap and took charge of the. valuable horses, by which they were pre-vented from being: saffocated. In the course of a feii minutes ligby arrived -aith the 2lTew Bridge-street escape, and was followed by the engines of the London. Brgade fro' F'arringdon- street, with Mr. Colf, the foreman, and a powerful body'or. *en. The engines from Watling-st-eet, with Mr. Superintendeut Braidwood, next attended, followed by Connorton, withtheWestofEngland,engineandfiremen. Numlerous. other engines of the Brigade from nearly every station. i. London continuled to arrive. The whole of the land engines were at once called into.. operation, they being fed by an ab7ndaant supply of water furnished by the Xew River Company; but it was not, until the steamfloating engine could be brougnttobear upon the fire, owiug to the ast quantity of grain in the wrehouse, that the adjoining premises could be pronounced. out of danger. Some idea of the extent of property in Messrs. Green and Sedgwickls warehouses can be formed when it is stated that at the latter end of last week 2,00D quarters of corn had been landed at the wharf and stored in the warehouses; that many floors were completely filled with beans, hrley, meal, &c. At the edge of the wharf was a vessel eon.- signed to the same firm, covered ondy with tarpauling; containing 30D quarters of corm. Such a vast quantity of property paclked away so dosely, it is needless to state, must bsaworth something considerable. Under the command of Jerrard, tlha engineer in charge of the float, and the men under him, several branch pipes were attached to the hose, and in less than an hour after ti; ponderous machine began to discharge the water upon the premises the flames diminished, bhu a vast amount of firel kept smouldering the entire day, and at 6 o'clock Jat evening the land engines were obliged to be stilL kept at work. Several hundred quaers of grain wer&, washedby the fore,, of water from the engines into the river, sad many boatloads)were gathered up by waternien an4 lightermen, which they would haTe taken away and sold, had it not been for the services rendered by tho ThamUe and city police. The powerful body of fire st onetime ignted the covering of a vessel filled with grain, but, owing to the timely appli-. cation. of plenty of water, the flames wre soon extinguished_ Much damage was done to the cargo by the firc_ bit -more by .the water. The- fleatingiergine ha.juit teased worldng when the groater part of the waterside frontage fell into the river with a fearful crash, cutting the nose off one of the barges and burying another. Had tha fall taken place a few minutessooneritis possible that every one employed at the engine would lave b9En crushed to death. The only personal socident5 however, that occurred was to a man who fell off the wharf, but after being in the water some few minutes, he was forte nately rescued by the Thames police. Mxr. Braidwood reports the damage done as follows:-" Rutland-wharf, Upper Thames-street, Mressrs. Green and Sedgewiel-, cornfactors. Cause of fire u2. known. Contents insured in the Atlas, Phmniz, an, Globe Fire-offices. The fire was extinguished by femen, -with the engines of the London establishment and that or the West of England office. The warehouse on wharZ nearly destroyed." The Crown and Horse Shoe-wharf, Mr. C. J. lEton, cement merchant. Damage to water-side front bv water. Another very serious fre occurred on the premises of finr. E. Beatch, leather-cloth manufacturer, in Paragon-place, IN£ew Kent-road, nearly facing the E, lephant and C;astle, in a range of buildings nearly 200 feet long and 60 feet wide, adjoining four dryinghouses, -which were filled with goods. vAlued at some thousand pounds. Adjoiningtheseerectionz ws an enginehouse fitted up with most expensive machinery. Close by were the cowhouses and stables belongingto hMr. Parshouse, a dairyman, and several smill houses The whole of the poor creatures esiding in that place at once m1ade a precipitate retreat into tha road, carr3ing with them their children in their nightclothes. After two hours' hard labour the fire was sub. dued, but not until at least 4,OD0L. worth of property hd been consumed. The damage done is thus officially reported by Mr. Braidwood to the insurance offices - "Four -drying houses, about 18C feet long by W() wide, nearly burnt out. Half of engine-house destroyed, the cause of fire unknown; insured in the North of England Fire-office. King's Arms-yard, Old Kent-road-Mr. W. Parshouse, cowkeeper, roof and end of shed damayed by fire, and stock by removal; one cow killed; insured in the onarch. Noe. 5 and 6 William'splae, let out in tenements, back windows burnt out, insurance unknown."
THE NonurUnrnEn iD FISMrN- AiN-D THE AM&LTY.-SHTrS, Saturday.-Lieutenant Grdveu held an inq uiryin the Town-all, Worth Shields, yesterday, and, sfter sending off a report to the Admiralty, has salded from the 'Tyne in the war steamer Otter toprotaetth& BLrtiaih fishermen on the cost froni the enerschbmenWt of Trench fihing lugers. As the public is pretty well aware, the-French Gtovernment, with aviewtoconscrption, give every encouraement to fiLhin and for several seasomn past E largefleetof French luggimr with crews of at least a scoreo f nen each, have attended the herring -sbing during the season in the Nlorth Sea. By law these craft ar not allowed to fish within three leaues of themearet headland; but5asthefisbing ontho southern cost ofNorthumberlandbas beenldtntterlvunprotectea bytheAdmiraltythisseason,the Trenchmen hjave done as they liko, and hsve inflicted a con-. siderable amount of mischief to the boats and gear of our men, which are much lighter than theirs, and in one or two instanoes have been the means of Northumberland meun losingboth nets and bots. - The Frech Government have had two viss(L down on the coast al::the season, and we understand that Lieutenant Groves a received instac.- tioUto- atfend the fishing asfar asYannonuth-andtsictUr enfoo the lawv : SA:toBD Q 'RE L7REY- hThS .-2hj8 valuablelinstitution is about to be enlarged by the addition of a ew.wing. and 6ther arcitectural improvenxentei at a .os of above 2,100O. The eneral progres oftbe library and snuseum evinced by the retuns, wXhich aineits commcnoe. menthave been so frequently laidbefore the public, forms the beet eridence from whichx to estimste tho amount of uoral aid wlhich it mnust have rendered to the iiuprovement and aducation of thewor cinglases. It now posees an enouient library of modern litere, amounting to 18,000 volumes. It hasi boed the largernumber of 410,0 volumec, to the readers who dally frequent the roeadng-room ; andl is moot graoifyin to c ; thatoib. of tha. books belong to novels and light litatre, and about the sene proportion to general literatre; -the best and larges proporiUon belong to Works on hitr,biogaphy) scienae, and rkt with tke ger e oliteratu Takn the average of the lst three ers, about 400 zeaders frequent 'the ze-roo idly. .hs librry }a bee materially inrasddua Ieen ea,an rest atltention has bt the librar swhich is ialowed t r te to th lbombs Of tha people. The ip u ef t depa t ir muc gr tha VWs Ut p e e t ws first stAi. bhibed, mad the dends VLpOC it 0 oles alnost equal to its tire *er r m th, s nake- a total of 105,000 vlm ied ainee it ' Tree-fifths of the lok owed dm o lt ad Pleat teas, D6i1 "If - Da ta e reaing two-fifthsareweks po hstry Ij i 05 4t hods.. NYLof Ote 2,0 ewsbl to th orng clms ce_$ft ef th mee umber ass ymg womem ad 150 Yie sjiss od 11 Rsimmt, now sttoe - th aedbsrse A ia- _esof , peel v^iate museum~~ ~ andl libenr -rm -sah -. 2
FOREIGK lN-TELLIaErWCE. FEANWM frRoir orm r-wlT.coppy-IPMM7INTA - IA p o Pp:d d Ec0na e2. =Si±mrdiv°z° - I PAM%IS, FHin , 6 .sL. The insurrection.at Neuchfitel, of whicl the first Wwelligenca reached us yesterday afteroon, appears to have been.very short-lived, and entirely without the elements of possible success. The informstion as yet received concerning it is telegraphic and aulppls few details. A saimultanleou movementl t&o: place at Neuchatol and at I-oce. At the former place it seems to have been limited to about 300 persona, and the only name of any iark that has reahed us as connected grith it is that of Count F. dePourta3es. Witha Federal campatthe foot of the lIak, and -with a large proportion of thepopulation of the canlton opposed to them, the attempt had no c8ae of triumph, and, as far as we can at present judg;e, mus$ be deemed most rash and ill-ad-. vised. The numbers of the insu;gents at Locle are not knowTn. As3 soon as the rising got wind, Colonel Denzler put himself at the head of a levy of atmed Republicans in the Vsl de Travers,. marched upon Neuchatel, rettok the positions occap pied by the rebels, and restored order. It is stated in a newspaper that 12 of the latter were kiled; but this is very probably an exaggeration, and ihe fad is that it is not as yet known whether any lives were loat, or whether a contest occurred at alL. Seven Federal battalions were marching on Nneuchatel, but will have found everything- over on their arrivaL Until we get further information, .we are in the dark as to the trne. mature and object of the movement. The Prussian sympathies of the aristocratic party in Nenchatel are well kniown, but if, as it is said, this party was at the bottom of the movement, the result seems to show that it can reekon on little support from the population of the canton. Count Pourtales is reported to be a prisoner. Inmderstand that a reply has been received to a note addressed by England to Russia, complaining of delays in the execution of certain points of the Treaty of Paris. The Russian reply is said to be in a very sharp tone. The best is done to refute the charges made against the Government, and a' counter-charge is brought of due precipitation on the part of Great Britai in sending a squadron to the Black Sea. The news of the dissolution of the Spanish Constituent Cortes has excited no smrprise or sensation here, since it has been for some days known that the measure was decided upon. But it is easier to dismiss these Corte than to assemble others that shall support the present Government. Recent events have so divided the adherents of the constitutional monarchy, thatlit is renorted the elections Twill be postponed for some moaths, in order to give time to re-umite the party. In that case it is probable that the delay will be longer than the existence of the YflDonnell Cabinet, against which numerou- and active enemies combine incessant intrigues, and in which, notwithstanding daily official assurances to the contrary, there are not wanting points of dissension. Rios Rosas is celebrated for his difficult character, and for never long agreeing with any body. O'DonneU has lost precious time in coquetry with the Progresistas, and in hesitating what course to adopt; and I am credibly assured that the French Governmient, of which he is here looked upon as the protUg', is dissatisfied with his delay, and thinks that he ought by this time to have given Spain a Constitution, and have got everything into good -working order. I do not find that much credit is attached in Paris to reports that have reached us that the Emperor is desirous to see a realy constitutional system maintained beyond the Pyrenees. The opinion is rather that the late revolution wvas stimulated by this Government, which could not wfitness with satisfaction the absence. of a strong Government in Spain, the spread of democratical ideas, the disturbances that occurred this summer, and the seeming tendency to anarchy. Without confirming the statement, I may mention it as the belief of many here, that the Constitution which tne French supporters of O'Donnell desire to be established in Spain is one that should leave to the nation but the shadow of representative Government. This is not inconsistent with the assertion that the Emperor looks upon the total suppression of the National Guard as an impoliticmeasure. Disarmed and dispirited by its recent reverses and humilia. tions, that force was no longer formidable; for all practical purposes, and as a means of insurrection, it was extinct ; and to declare it so was merely to irrtate the people unprofitably, since, however useless and troublesome the institution may have| proved even to its own friends, it is looked upon in Spain as a sort of outward sign of liberty O'DonneRl might have pursued his re-actionary designs fearless of molestation from the National Guard, and might afterwards, had he chosen, have re-oonstituted it on a limited and perfectly harmless footing. It is said that the Court wil return to Paris about the 20th inst., and vill soon afterwards go to Compiegne. General Serrano is expected here very shortly. I am assured that the Battle of the Banners has given the coup de grace to the much tallked of fusion of Bourbon pretensions and claims. The project has met a glorious death under the shadow of that white flag which the Legitimists have lately so earneatly waved, and all political relations between the elder and younger branches are confidently stated to be completely at an end. There has been a great change in the temperature vithin the last few days, and the evenings have become almost too cool to be pleasant, certainly too cool, according to English notions, to sit out in the open air. But the Parisians are wonderful in that respect, and it takes ho small amount of chill air and damp to spoil the trade of the hirers oI chairs on the Boulevards and. even in the Champs Elysees. On some days of the present week the highest range of the centigrade thermometer in the course of the 24 hours has been little above 17 deg., and it has been down as low as 7 deg. and a fraction. :Paris already begins to feel autumnaL. The Messagsr of Bayonne says, the Emperor and }Eu<ress were to have taken a marine excursion on Mfonday on board the NTewton, but,, in consequence of the storm which blew during the previous night, it was deferred. In the afternoontheir Majesties took a walk towards the lighthouse of Biarritz. On passsing before a small cottage on the downs their Majesties saw a poor woman who was sitting at the door, with a child in her arns, and crying piteously. On being quaestioned as to the cause of her grief, she said that her child was very ill, and would die for the want of medical aaidstance. The Empress, as a mother, entered into the feelings of the poor peasant, and told her to follow her wnth her child, at the same time telling her not to give way to despair. Their Yajesties vwalked hastily towards the villa, followed by the peasant wonman, and the physician of the Prince Imperial being sent for, soon prescribed for the sick child. 'The Empress dismissed the poor woman with a handsome present, telling her that the physician would visit her child every day. On Tuesday afternoon Her MTajesty took her bath in the sea, after which, accompanied by theKEmperor, she took a longr wak in the neighbourhood of 2iarritz. TEhe healthb of their Majesties and. the Prince Imeral is excellent. A letter from Bayonne, of the 2d, states that the Emperor having been struck during his excursions with the barren appearance of the downs of the commune of Anglet, which lie near the coast, has giyen 30,000f. from his rivy purse in order that they may be planted viit tUrees, and he has given orders to the conservator of the national foretsthat the work may be accomplished as promptly as possible. Mebsmet Pasha, the Turkish -Ambassador in France, left Paris yesterday for Turin . The Minister of Finance has appointed a commis- sion charged writh the examination of the tax list, with a view of ariving at a more equitable division of the lnd iax. A memorandum will be drawn up 6n thisi question and laid. before thetLegilative C-p3 in its next session. Blaahal PeEssier is no in the department of the vaucluse;,dn: '. visit to MarshalReille, whose friend.- shu and interest he had. acquired from the verycommencement of his military caueer. T4arsio Bosquet hass left Biarritz for Eaux Boanez. Count Walewski has just recoived, from Queen Victoria, as a souvenir of the treaty of the 30th March, a aplendid.gold snuff-box enriched wi'ch. diamonds, and bearing a medallion representing tho portrait of 'Her Mety. M. de Billing-, Chef d.u- , has also received 'a very handsome'writing edfk, and M. Benedetti ai 'equally handsome tokea of remembrance.' -tla , t The receipts of the Orleans Railway during the week ended o`n''ite 25th uit. were l,162,557f., or 138,8712f. less than during the corresponding week of 1855. The gross receipts silice the hat of Januar2y d1foirated to 31,559,214f., 'being i dillerence' in favour of 1855 of 1,124,613. .6 The Three per Cents. closedto-cdy ayt7lfl800.1fcr the end of the month, the Four-an2d-a-Half at 9c.;' and the New Loan at 70f. 80c. Orleans Railwzy shares, 1,340f.; Greati N6itohern, 1,01Of.; Strasbug,' 917f. 060.; new shares, 835f.; 1ris ancd Ly6ns, 1,340f.; Lyons to the Mfediterranean, 1,762f. 50c., ; Western of France, 933f..- 75c.; Bordeaux and. Cette, 740f.; (Great Central of France, 6607. SOc. ; Bank of Cred,',t Mobilier, ,640f.; AutrianRailways, 875f. , COanr A u&--?AJcr, Sept 5.-M SzoiFour-and-a-Half per Cents. (not re-ubursable for 10 years), 94f. 95c. Sof. 94. 900. 95c.; Three per Cents., 70f. 5c. 500., ditto Loan of 185 70 per cent. past), 70.c itto Cartificat (70 Per rent. paid), 70f. c*; BYan Actons, 4,151f. 4,12-5f.; , it Foncder, Obligations of 50X., Three par, Cents., 400f.; ditto Tenths, Three ner Cents., 80f.; Credit Mobiler, 1,635f. L6401., DiscountBank, 697f. 50ot; PieV. montese Five per Cents., f2F.; ditto Three per Cent, 56f.;* Austrian Five per Cents., 88; Belgian Four-and-a-H par Ceiits., 993; Romans, 88; Spaiish Interior Debt, 40} A.- Exchango on London, at ght% money, 25f. 27io., tze month4, monoy, 2M! . - SATbmnDAY, 6 P..A.. The intelligence from Neuchhtel contained in: to-day's foniiter was anticipated in substance by, my letter of yesterday, to wvhich I have little to add' upon that subject. The force brought to bear against the insurgents consisted entirely of volunteers, for, although these were joined by a squadron of Federal cavalry, the positions that had tobe conquered were not such as called for or even per. mittedtheuse of that arm. I believothe-correct number of the killed on the side of the Royalisttor Prussian party to be eight. -None of the names having reached 'Us, it is presumable they wera not persons of any mark. There were asko some wounded, and a number of prisoneis were made. Among the latter are three members of the family of Pourtales and a M. de. Mouron. The loss of the Republicans, if any, is not stated. The Federal troops from Yverdun reached Neuchatel an hour after the termination of the contest, in which they consequently had no share whaf.S ever. The Moniteur publishes the following telegraphic despatch, received by the Government from Ithe French Minister at Betne CD BERN, Sept. 5.-The Repubficans of la Chaux-dr.- Fonds, after having formed a junction with the squadron of Federal cavalry in garrison at Colombier, attacked -this morning the Royalists, who occupied the town and castle. of Neucitel, and, after an hour's fighting, carried all the, positions. The Royalists had 15 men kllled and 30 wounde(L From 200 to 300 of them were madeprisoners. The Repair lcan Government is re-established. The Federal trblis entered the town a few minutes after the Republicans of Ia Chaux-de-Fonds had gained possession of it." The following private telegraphic despatches have been received *- "TsESTE, Sept. 5.-It is stated from Constantinoples under date of 30th ult., that Admiral Stewart had arrived in that city on the 28th. M. de Bontenieff had repqested permission for ten Russian vessels coming from the Baltic to pass tlhrough the Bosphorus.. From Athens, 29th, it is announced that Greece will shortly commence paying tho debt guaranteed by the aUiedPowera" * [Part of this despatch is doubtless incorrect, as the iequest relative to the vessels would be in contradiction to the terms of the treaty of Paris; it probably refers to the vessels possessed by Russia at Nicholaieff, which she may vish to transport to the Baltic.] "AUDFYD. Sept. 4.-The Cabinet is unanimous on all questions, and possesses the entire confidence of the Queen. General Alesoa has been named Commandant-General af the Philippine Islands. The Government has approved the project relative to the first section of the.-Northern Rail. road from Madrid to Valladolid." Prince Jefoms the day befiore yesterday took; another excursion on board- the Ariel steamer, steering in the direction of Honfleur. She slightly7 touched on passing over a sandbank, but without roceivino' any damage. Yesterday his ImperialHighatess took a walk along the quays, looking, at the vessels which were entering and leavintg th(e. docks. The Three per Cents. closed ta-day at 70£.- 70c. or the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per: Cents. at 95f.; Orleas Railway shares, 1,S3Sf. - Groat Northern, 987f. 50c.; trasburg, 915f. - New Share, 830f..; Paris and Lyons, 1,322f. 0a,-; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,765f.; Western of France, 925f.; Bordeaux and Cette, '35f. ; Great Centralof France, 662f. SOc.; Lyons and Geneva 785f. ; Bank of Orddit Mobilier, 1,635f.; Austrian Railways, 872f. 5CG. Coars Authentiquem-PAMRL, Sept. 6.-Cash Prices.-- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbusable for 10 years]) 94f. 50c. 25. 94f. ;ditto loan, 1855. 94f. 50c.; ditto Cer. tificates, 94f. 50c.; Three per Cents., 70f. 50c. 45c. 40c.;Banl Actions, 4,125f.; Credit Fonder, W5K 6f. ; ditto Obligations of 500£, Four per Cents., 44df.; ditto Tenths, 90 ditto, Three per Cents., 400f. ; Credit Mobilier, 1,645f. 1,6401. 1,637£ S0Oc. 1L63Sf.; Discount Bank, 6S9f.; A ustrian Five per Cents., 88f; B omans, 881; * psnis Deferred Convertible, 254; ditto Interior Debt, 404 i '. Exchngeoa London, at sight, money, 2Sf. 274o. ; thiree"mnonths, money-, PRUSSIA. (FrO3s OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) BERLIN, S&PT. 4. The Preessisehe Ccrresponde=z informs its readers that, in conformity with 3 regulation made by the King in 1841 for the biennial convocation of the provincial estates of this country, the Provincial Diets of Preussen, Posen, Silesia, Saxony, Westphalia, and Rheinland will be convoked on the 5th of October for the despatch of businems. For the provinces of Brandenburg and Pomerania the day of convocation remains to be fixed subsequently, with a view to meeting the convenience of the parties interested in the matterm to be deliberated on. These provincial institu-. tions for local legislation fell into desuetude at the time of the revolution of 1848, and it was -the hope of the Liberal party that they had been definitively superseded by the parliamnentary instituation of the Legislative Chambers for the whole kingdom, teeing that they were the stronghold of a, narrow local spirit of provincial particularismn opposed tothe progressof .wider views of improve.. mnent and 'development, but in 1854 they were revived, mainly by the agency of the present Minister of the Interior, and seem now to have resumed their former place among the institutions of the country. The simultaneous existence, however, of. the )iel; of the whole kingdom, thetwoCliambers, prevents the local spirit of the provincial estates influencing any other than mere loca legislation, and they seertt to occupy now about the seine place in the Prussian. polity that the grand juries of the counties do in. ours, A letter, signed "Justitiai," and headed Prussian. Claims isn Egypt, in your imDression of the 2d inrt., adverts- to' my account of the proceedings lately taken by a Prussian subject, with the countenance of the Prussian Consul in Egypt, with regard 'to the navigation of the Wile, and infers from it that the Prussian Consul has reported then matter to his Government in that sense. To preient any further false conclusions-being drawu from this incorrect premiss, I beg to mention th'at my information was not derived from any offi6ial report sent in by, the, Consul to - his Government, but from a com.- mercial. leter from' the'scene 'of adion. An announcement- in the B7;sea Zgung, of this place, states that Baron von Pentz, the Prusian Consul. General in Alexandria, the .oentleman alluded to in. II JustitiaW lettpr under I .e name of theruasialu, Consul, is expected to arrive here in a few days,: whence he' will proceed, after a short stay,.to his post in Rio Janeiro, -to which he has just been appointed. If any inference can be drawn from this mere circumstaice, it -wouldbe that his Government. withdraws him from a Vo3t where he has fallen into a conflict with the Viceroy and-with the. British and French Consuls; but for this to have happened there has not been time enough: the. arrival of Baron von Pentz follows the arrival of the news too soon to admit of his departure from Alex, andria having been caused by any censure pasaed oh his conduct, and sent offfromhere subsequent to the; arrival of the news, It - ia 'fuffier stated by the BUrsen. Zetng that the Consul-GeneraL - before leaving Alexandria, had succeeded in putting the affair of L5ffler's attempted infraction of . the, monopolv of steamin- and towing on the Nile int4s a shape that promised a speedy arrangement; and, tht ix;t>the~ mea,ntime the..monopoly conferre4 by Said Pasha on a favourite was looked on as so far destroyed that a Fprench :om~paanywas forming in Cairo for lthe purpose of In ta to bas on the Nile DY~ tteamtow boats~ The Prussian Bank yesterday raised its rate of' discount from 4 to S per cent. for bills, and from 5 to 0 per cent. for loannon scurity. - Baron von Budberg,havng,delieredehis letters of recall at this Court, hae' now repaired 'to Nei Strelitz to present his letrs of recell from that Court also, he h%ving-l"n accredited simultaneously to Prussia and Meclk1nbi`g$' General voa Adlerberg, Gbv6rnor of -Sipipheropol during the war aind' a so.-6f- the Adjutant'-General of'that naie, is expected -here as successor-to Genieral Voa Berckendorif, the: late rmilitary Tepresentative * f Rusia at-this Court. General Benckendorff oes as MIinister to Stuttga'.' Count'Nesselrode is described as' havind selected Dresden as his future abode -and retieat, and;'as having already pur'chased: a houlse there -with ext!en. sive g,rounds fot' thst, urpose. '. - A melanchloly fracas that took place at Mfinstef (in WestphaEia) 'towaids the end of last mbilth 'af tords another instance: of the evil- consequences ari ing from the high-flown perverted notions prevaiing among the officers 'of.'the aimy with ±egard to.the use of the swor4 they are permittd to wear. Two officers of 'that garrison demanded of a civilian;, bywhom they thought themselveg offended; that' he' shlould retract his exprelasionn, 'and as the latter wa-q unable or unwilling to do so, they took an oppoitunity'of demanding this satisfactionopenlyon a public promenade on a'§Snday.. 'On his again refusmng to retrac,t one of the officers drew his. sword, which was immediatel- seized by the 'rsianied,cilian The ,second officer irl the meantime cuts him overthe head with his sword, and, as in, cansequenco he lets go the sword of the first, this latter profits'by the opportunity to lunge at him,t and succeeds in splEtting his lowrer jaw. I t is no satisfaction either to the ufferer or his relations t'o -know that t4eo conduct of the offenders is forming, the subject of a careful investigation. The- officers of the 1st Regiment of the Infantry of the' Guard arrangeed a dinner a few days back at Potsdam, and invited to it some Russiau officers:vbo have been attached to it for tho pure' pose of learning the service; as it was on that samel day that the Russian Semenoffiky Regiment-val celebrating the anniversay of it foundatiou- in Mozcow, a'Prussian officer gave the hlitalth ofthat regimient and -the. whol Russian a rmy fXhis was telegraphed to Moscow at once, by. one of the Russian officers present, and in'four hours the pirty received, before they separated, an answer that the' news of their having drunk the toast had been re.cived by the Semenoffiky Regiment-with the creat est enthusiasm, and that they in' return drank to the health of the 1st Regiment of Prussian Foot. Guards and the whole Prussian army. Advicqs from Elsinore of August 31 mention that on that day four Russian ve'ssels .of war anchored off there, coming from Archangel; they were long three-masted schooners, that had been built in Archangel, andwrere on 'heirwv;aj.to Cronstadt to tale intheir engines and full complement of guns, and where they will also be fitted with screws. Several more vessels of the same class are expected shortly to pass through the 'Sounid bound, from their building yards in Archangel to their port of completion, Cronstadt. The English screw, steamer Koh-i-noor, bound for St.' Peters-2 burg,- has, through stress of weather and" want of coals,' been diiven on shore at Kullen, '(at the entrance of the Sound on the Swedish coast), and will probably become a total wreck; an Elsinore steamer, which- had gone over to assist her, was obliged to return writhout being able to render'anyaid, as the vessel'wvas lying in only one foot depthof wgater.-.. SWITZERLAND. The foreign papers received to-day add little to' the statement of the French Envoy at Berne, as published in the Moniteusr, relative to the affair at Neuchatel. The Suisse says- " Seriou3 events have taken place at NeuchflteL A bandc of 200 or 800 Royalists seized on the Castle, which is the' seat of the Government, and arrested several members of the Council of State. A second column is marching on La Chaux-d-,Fonds. The Federal Council assembled this moming, and delegated to Neuchatel Mressis. Fornerod and Frei-Heroi6, with fLUl powers to re-establish order. The Council, moreover, ordered the occupation of Neuchfttel by four Federal battalions commanded by. Colonel Bourgeois.' Consequently, two battalions of Vaud and two of Berne areto set out immediately for the Neuchatel frontier. *'BE}.1;E, I o'clock.-The Federal Comumssioners have just left for NeuchateLI "3 o'clock.-An,electriedespatcn, comingfrom LaChaux. de-Foudsf informs ts that the inhabitants of the mountains were ready to march to the assistance of thetir magistratds' "4 'cloc1k.-The Prussian flag has been hoisted at Neu, chAtel, and a proclamation issued by Pourtales." The Bun7d says:- . . " The insurgents have published two proclamatio,us, signed by Count Freaerick Pourtales ana person named Mouron. They congratulate the country, express ioy at seeing the Prussian flag floating on the public edifices, declare the country in a state of siege, and invite tho communes to ap. point new authorities." - - ITALY. (FROM OUn OWN COnnnSrOxDzNs.) TURIN, Siam. 1. I have told you that the preserce of Prince Murat at Aix-les-Bains had caused considerable uneasiness toNeapolitan diplomatists in this part of the world, though no one 3but those of exceedingly nervous telnperaments, or those troubled with very timid consciences, were likely to be affected by such a very simple and natural proceeding. I am happy to be able to add now, however, that the great cause of alarm for these gentlemen has been removed, as' the Prince has returned to Paris, anid hi's relations, who went to see him, to their respective homes; so that it may be hoped :King Ferdinand's representatives will soon be restored to tranquillity of mind on that score. It is true that the Prince was accompanied' from Paris by Signor Salicetti, who has long been tutor to his sons, and he might have met at Aim one or two other persons, to -whom rumour has ascribed the place of Binisters in petto, to be confirmed when he sha2l be Eig of Naples. And it is a fact also that this combination gave rise to much excitement among' the Neapolitan refugees here, which is' not very astonishing, seeing how apt all men in exile are to catch at straws, and how'habitually ex-. citable .N\eapolitans are at alltimes. As was natural, therefore, repodrts of 'various kdnds obtained circulation as to the intentions of the future King, and his probable policy WaS discussed in cafts and beershops int Turin wvith as much earnestneassas if he 'had been already seated on the throne of his father.- But the fermentation went ntO further, and, thougn it was said that many of his future subjects had gone from here to do him homage, I have not been able to discover a single well-authenticated case *f any having, done so, except the members of the MIurat finily, and therefore I suuch'doubt'the on dZit. that "'great numbers' of N=eapolitans have geone to' Aixi to meet Murat." ' ' As to the. proclamations attributed to Prince Murat. it.is evIdIent that a very different langua'ge. has been held by himself and by his.principal ad-, visers, though'whether this difference was the effect of a secret understanding or of real' dissent if-is' impossible' to& say ,'but it is a fact that while his Highness has denied 'ever having issued any -proIalamation to the:lNeapolitans, and has-authorized his relationxs in Italy to contradict the reports 'of his having done sao, soineof his friends have been prosasing mnost beally-Lfx his name, and have showin' 'sketch sof a& Constitution' which, they?sa thei chief would establish intheoNeapolitanklcngdom. These flattering promises, however, which go so far': dS to hold odut' an expattion of inst'tutioi^ similar to those existing iinPie'dmont, so far' outstrip prohlab~ility that reasonable, men of. the. Neapohitan' e nigration whonm I liave heard spealctof them doubt -eitner tnelr authenticity or their sincerity, for they say either Murat wvould be restrained by his cousin' the Emperor of. the French, from declaring such complete liberty, -or he would only accord it with the intention of 'destroying it by a coup d'miet on the first opportunity offered by the imnulsivenes of the people. " ' Great 'hopes have beemraised lately' ii the Mu-' ratists by the disaffection that has phown itself and is said to -be on the-increase in th6etapolitan but Signoir I Parinaj in a pamphlet published to&day, calledaMurat and the Uniity- of Ital7y, ver well remarks, " Where are the Muiatist Generals who couldpromote and direct such an insurrectioni" - If, he sajrs, the'i Neapolitan arMy, weary of the in-' suIts and Mijuries heaped upon'it, should s6inJ day i.ie with one mincd and cry " enough" to a Governnment which has-go abused its power,.it'will-not be for the object of substititin'g one master for,another, ef 'tamg a Mura~t insttead of 'a iBourb'on, but'for the sacred cause of -th'o countiry, and und&erthe' insti"oni' Ilsg of ±Italy, not' the . ev ca'stasidard:ofa'pxe-. tender . .':.a.- '*<> '5- \*' ,It 'is a.;curiesss fc,thaV the -only -coritradic tion ~brougfit" f6rshrd by the.- Austrian Goyeralmeat. against General Garibaldi'.' - tie'iWet respecting th deaths of Ceruachio and lii bo-a,&cshuldibdioinaed,on-theertioW -of iLondon: 6rrpndentwh aidiahoheaidsoandsofromsome. bSdy'bls. J-rThe Austrian Govermnent -may be'a.- uredthtif'-it- caresfdr -its,reputationI-16rihon6ui 71md uprightness hw4adhy portion of the Itaian people, froni the'highestto the loweat; it must adopt very difrernatmeafrom these to clear- its character of theimputatiofx.cast-upon it bySso credible a witnes&as Geif&l Qaribalff.. NAPLES,SzSon.I .I havo spoker several ne-wit th'lisfeK months nef arame't8 takig 'Dlace 'in different'parts of the kingdodm. I have niow to -speak of disarnaments with a view to the introductibn of cannon of a Oreate powerand a-newer constrncutiorn.' 'I)uing the; last iG daysall the pieces- of artillery -remaining in the Island of Capri'have beeni removed and carried off to Gnaets. A partial ~is armament-took place a few year since, but most of the old-ironcannon were left behind as not worth thei ex-uene of removal. Some officers of artillery, ha-vingbeen consulteidupon the sabject declared, the step(ithat is, the removal) tobeimpossible, but, Prince Luigehavingobtained His Mlajesty's -permission to send* over a steamer 'with some sailors of the Royal navy,theyhavenow been carriedofto Gaeta. Such as are pronounced useless will be carried off to Naplei to be refounded; the-others are to be mounted at Gaeta. In all 32 pieces, comprisinr two mortars and two brass pieces, have been Tien off; four werer 30-pounders, two were 18-pounders, and the rest 24-pounders. Tliey have been lying about the island ever since the beginning of the century, -and each has some story connected with it. One or two canuo nwere,- I believe,' of English xnake,- and three were captured' by the English at Cape Palinuro and brought on' to Capri.' Five BErin tish vessels were passing the Cape, which was theD-in possession of- the Friench, who fired'upon them. A party was sent ashore who destroyed the fort and brought off. the cannon I have mentioned. Capri, st'rong from its natural position, might be made a little -GibrlDtar, and: might I become ai strong place of offence or defence to N"ales. During thoe late wars it was' held 'for soniietime by the Englih, of whomn-mbiy traditionary tales still float about the island,-and-at length it was taknu by the' French, under Geeae La- Marque, who, after a dashing assault, compelled Sir lIudson Lowe to retreat to the lower psats of the island, and after.wards to capitulate.' It' is expected that His Majesty and the 1ereditary Prince will shortly visit Capri, and will direct the formation of a battery a fior di ac *(at the water's edge). As . soon aws Capri has been- disarmed the same operation isto take place on the opposite point on the con; tinent, at the Campanella, writh the same ultimate object; so that the narrow strait which separates .the island fromn the 'mainlandwill be completely swept from either side. .. In succession, 'similar changes and improvements are to be made onthe Catanian coast. I mention'ed several months ago that the commanders of several forts- on the coast --had been summoned to Naples, and it is probable that consequent upon thb consultations which then took place the resolution I allude to- has been come to. . The entire activity of the Government seems therefore to be devoted to arming, strengthening the defences of the country, enforcing rigid discipline, increasing and remodelling the.navy; a policy of active and passive resistance both would seem tobe contem.plated,. and while so- much trouble is taken to strengthen the most indefensible country inthe south of Europe no effort is made to addtoits m-oral strength by conciliating, yielding to just and moderate desires, and by encouraging social progress. Were but one-tenth part of the energy and attention which are expended on the Royal toys devoted to' an honest. investigation and reform of. the corraptiom.- which exists in every bianch of the public service; and were his MIajesty with -a prudent foresight to anticipate, instead of opposing, the wishes of his people, he would make hiniselfa hundredfold stronger than he could do evesi were 3ae- to surround his country with batteries affor deacquz. I am not in a position to add anything to the intelligence that I have already seent to you with regard to the Puglia Railway. It has raet; arid still continues to meet, 'witn great'oppoiition froin. interested persons. - Amoag many of the capitlists, too, in the provinces,-men who are in the habit of- lendiSig out their mnoney at almost a fabulous - interest,-it has not been wehl looked ;upon. I' am assured, however, that His Majesty,' to all appearance, lends the project his firm support.. With regard to the Abruzzi Ptailwray I'can positively state that Baron de Riseis, perceiving alUthe-difflcultie3 bf the enterprise, has ceded all hitprivileges and intereststo someFrench capitalists' the baroii, of 'course, being responsible to the _Neapblitan, G6velnmnent. Messrs. Labot and Pouillet visited Taj,le&'last moith as the representatives of Pfriich 'houses, - remaininm here 32 days. The principal parties are MIessrs. foles, Pozzo di Borgo, and de Montebello et Porret. Their representatives have returned to Paris to lay their report before their employers, and the approbation of His Majesty to the -formation of the new society is-daily expectedi Already has the first portion of the cauitionmoney. amounting to'50,000 ducats, been paid up, ad' empl6yed in th6e: purchase of rents on the Grande-Livre, at 5 per-cent. I must not omit to tell you of an 'mcident-connected with the recent visit of threa-French ships under Admiral Pellion. I canmot guarantee'its truth, though it' -has been related' to' rie with- every assurance of its being correct. There were on board, by the bye, the 18th Regiment and- some officers of the AdAmzisWative and the civil departments. On entering'port a superior officer, as is the custom, paid the Admiral a- visit, and to inquiries which wvere made :by the French commander it was afterwards intimated that his Royal Highness the Count of, Aquila,. Lord High Admiral of the Neapolitan Navy, would receive him on the 26th ht 2 o'clock; The French- Admiral, -howeyer, left port at that hour, or before the time appointed, and His Majesty hlsa given orders that for the future the Royal Princes are not-to offer any courtesy of a similar kind. SPAIN. Our accounts from 3Iadrid are of the Ist inst. We read in the Gazee:-f - F s Onthe 29th and 30th ult. no journal was seized, and the Msaancr in announcng tthe seizure of its provincial edition of the,0th; having aserted that the measure was adopted : in consequence of the insertion of an article in defence of General Warvaez, knowingly commits two palpable inaccaracies The Governor of:.the province, considering such a proceeding as <highly blatieable has thought proper to con,demn it to a fine ofi&reils." .' Xessrs. L. iuriagaJ .Gomez de Idlerna, Cortina, 'Rbda, ar.d other disti33guishecl personages of the Coriservatijv piia*+, are to' form tihe Junta' charged -ith the':eorganii-tion- of 'th- Spanish judiciaty denartment. On the other'hand,,the Minister -of the -Int(14 ohad -give- orders: to :the Comisso eioazed- in- drawing' up the law on the 4Council of State to lse-no time in framing that institution &diiig tb the bases.,voted bythe Cortes. I he pubishe the following, dated Malaga, 2Zthult. r- :- -. .- "It zIi-reportedthat the brigands who seized . few days |bon -Eeoaardd Garcia Espinoa, of Aloce, afierreeeivi ngbi}i 9000 p reqtr.dforiisransoi, and dihidiog a,astsm «iiougfinhe Aspxsen an'd that of the serrant yh'owas thd iarrer of it, pa heirprisoner to death in- the! m6 barbharous iiidner?t- o. -- ; zh?&ti descp.becs ~the. situation of'o * sU<; P : , , - . -i.: "That country- has been extremely disquiet since the overthrow' of ' t1e Saldaulha hlcistry. On the approach- of the elections pinaefatie inb a stateof the greatest agitation, n, unfortunately, the army-is not well dispo,edain favonr of dorder and public tranquillity.- We,shoul.l not consaquently be surp*i-ed to hest of an outbreak in the country. Cholera had begun to derease in Lisbon,,biit the riov3qir pue4tioa conti ued to'p-esent tha mostsalariinga!pct." i,We have.also accounts foMadri of the 2dinst,.. The decree for-ihe dissolution of ~the Constituent. 03ortes was signed aita Cabinet Council held on that - ::y - - ''- -' - S ThePrinces of Bavarnawerepresent'at thebeli-fight' ,n- the ipreceding day. They.left on the 2d for Toledo,.and atetoitake their departure -for Bavaris in-the boginn=ng of the present week. Detachments ofhe-cavalryreoie nt of Talaveia are to coverthe' aas grx&s Purgos, to escort them -o *ha2 I The Gdvermrent had receivedi &,-deapatclh from, piurgdisp annouacing that five -amed- mein, among Wh,omi weqe one o'f ,rhe, ',he1r0, :an,dVVillalain,en;,, ~ered Aeulag de Cnp,o1 g nthe abse,nce of the cvi,lg uard, wlrio had'b ben ltSon M aindVi l lorder t II :neiahbourg4ainr,a:id!--`robbed the-funds belougigrto the Government} toi %he- Adininistiteo" 'of thueItentas and the y`entamiento.' lThi br^nds afit wards fled with. their booty on the approach of a ,atro1of4ho'eQne,esi?a trooys , ..nelTar,ragpg,n~ a;nd Re.is IRaifAy ~'ar oomplaWely ~tCTIin&tedon the 27t1Lult., and jz t be'imimidi.atelv.epeneA to pubE i,;ic ";'.,'..,:. .'~-~. ,,,Th,woaih of ;the Alicant ad - lma,1 Ri~elra.y arc progreassng rapidly, upwardis of 2,000 lab6ureis beng. employ.ed'. themle..-. .'...' <,ThMahnaX.1u .anounces, tha,t-in consequence;of 1h reeent*e-renta at liabo 'the Spanidh -Governnient had.ordvered the cor've te ?fzado,. .the brig ponstit mcionp. ad the atea',ei :ortes to proceedforLhwith f the Taoua andremin there.attlie dis- pI;..of the S.a,nia Chrge. a at Lisbon thet a,,cdo,lef,t,B.arcelona on ihe 28thli-t. for , ctdotnation . .-.- .., .. The Minister of Iarine had likewise ordered ihat t vo.smii-depi of -war=hould cruiseoalong the coast kf the IEtifF. . - L
* o., A - AZ BILWAY T T.TIp W1y -LL ---.. RIP O, ' " - m:ae report of the directors of this company states fiat the f reeetp or the lIf. ear endiTg the 30th of June Imown to5 ad o .th'corrponding period 'of 1855 to 5,227i., showing-- apparent decrea of 29t, although.there had been a grsdually increasing traffic in all tbeJ ordinary sources of revenue, except in theiteux oEfXl sey-hill gravel, the receipts of which for the corresponding'period in'1855 weie augmentd .by 4271. 'for conveyance, ast ordinary rates, on construction account. Rbe increase in passengers and paroe' amounted'to 3011., in goods to 76l., in Withernsea gavel to-931., jnd in coal and lime to 591. ThLe charges on revenue haad been, increased by maintenance of way 2912., increae of interest,4261., and telegraph, 281. These, together -with thc diminished balance brought forward last half-year, as compared with that of the previous 12 months-namely, 260. as agaist 678., would prepare the shareholders for a large reduction in the sum remaning for 'disposal. - The balance of profits thus brought outa mounted to 3601. The directors stated that they entertained unabated confidence as to the resources of the lino' 'They believed-that -the revenue ofthe current half-yearwould evince a sxtisfsctory improvement, - and as the cIArges on revenue may now be considered niaily to bve seached their 7n0XiU,I thoa steady devel6pment' of theo traffic iix each succeeding half-year would leave a larger surplus to be appropristed to dividend.L - The ditactort have been in treaty for the -disposal of the property. toinother company, and negotiatioiis. on tht tsubject areonow pending.. They are not without hope that at anearlyperod they may havs to summon a. special meetingto' considecr a proposal for the' permanent leasing or sale of the line. The total amount expended on capita acounnt to the 30th of J-ane last wa 146,9012. e POFRTADOWN ANsD DUNGINON. Threeport of the directors states that the entire of the laud required for the railway is now in the possession of the contractoi, for which, upto JUne 30, the sam of 6,3227. has been paid, and an additional sum of 4161. since. 3,02q . has been paid in shares. The wochs are progressing vigorously, andworktoetheuamount of 31,4991. has been exeauted, of which 125001. has beenpaidin cashby the Ulster Company (and for which shares to that amount have been iEsued to them) and 15,750Z. in shares issued direct to the contractors, leaving a balance due on June 30, after deductin 10 per cent. stoppages on contract of 991. Sinc that ate additional payments of 4,000L in cash and 5,2751. in shares have been made, upon a certMied gross amount of work done of 42,080L., and& subsequent certificate gives an increased gross total of 48AM4T. With reference to the items for egal and Parliamentary expenses and engineering, the fo-mer amount to 2,8001., and the latter to 2,400., and were paid in sbares. The directors feel satisfied that the extension 'of the line to Omagh 'would prove most remunerative. Thw line would then run from the junction of the Ulster Railway with the Dublin and Belfast Junction Railway at Portadown, over the present line, through Dungannon, to join the Londonderry and Ennishillen Railway at Omagh. From the rich and extensive district of country which the railway would thus unite vith Belfast. Dfblin, and other important places, the directors believe they are Zistified in anticipating such a revenue as 9ill pay a handsome dividend to the shareholders. The capital account to the 30th of June last showed that 44,S3L. had been received and e ;penda&- ' -- The shareholders have authorizedthe directors to apply to Parliament in the ensuing session for nowers to extend their line to Omagh. BMISTOL, SOUTH WALBS, AND SOUTHMPTON UNION. During the past week deputations of the provisional 'directos of this line have had satisfactory interviews with theGreatWestern and SouthWales boards, and arrangements are in progress for the appointment of a sub-coimittee by' those boards to confer and coop rate with the promoters of the line in carrying oat The scheme. EAST SUFFOLE. It is proposed that the Lowestoft and Beccles and Yarmouth and Haddisco3 companies shall be amalgamated with the East Suffolk. Special meetings are to be held shortly for the purpose of considering these arrangements - DUESLEY iAZD fLANID JUNCTION. It was intended to open the line for passeu-er traffic on the 1st inst, but, in consequence of a few requirements of the inspecting officer as to signals not having been compied with whenthe last iusdction was made, the Board of Trade orderedthe opening to bh postponed until the 22d inst. RAILWAY BEFORMI. At a meetieF of the principal merchants of Ipswich, beld at the Town-hall on Friday, for the purDose of obtaining information as to the policy purined towards them by the Eastern Counties Bailway Company, lr. Mlians, bchairman of theReform Association, stted in the course of some lengthened observations that. oneresult of tho efforts of the association hd. been thezetirement of Mr. Waddington from the chaibrmanship of, the Eastern Counties Company and a resolution that four other directors should also -retire.. He had heard the latter saep would be resisted by. the directors referred to, and therefore anefftrt ould have to be made to compel thcm to retire. Along conversation ensued, complaints being made that undue facilties were nfforded to certain parties to the detri- mient of the merchants of the town generally,which resulted - in a resolution to the effect that the meeting fully recognizedthe advantages renderedtothe commercial intere fromr the efforts of- the itaLiway Reform Association in -exposing the impolitic and unfai arrangements made by the x stern Counties and -other railw,ay companies in granting rrefereistit rates to fivoured individuals, and in correcting other abuses connected with railway mnanagement, so detrimental to commqr-'al prosperity. -. - A vote of thanks-was passed to Mr. Malins, and the meeting sepaated. IRISH RAILWAY RETURNS. KAnDX UP TO I-r- 5 Onvz S DA=S As a,\D= KNAe of RaiI3w. L a. d. c . a d. eastd Ballnmena, Aug. 3S .. 978 6 6 . 3s3 2 9 sBIt andConatfDown, Aeg. 31 .-. 24 le l 2601L7 0 Cork an,Bande, Aug.30 .. 206 11 4 . 19110 4 Cork, Blacbdek.and Pwwae, Ang.31 321 4 1 2451 5 Dub11an6adatJuor;d tio9te6, l 1,367 11 1 1.432 10 lo IaterestonlzaycnBrancb - e. 18 0 . 99 0 a Dublinand Drozhea, Aug. 31 . . 1,796,15 6 1,744 6 S Dublinsiadognsetown. Sept.2 2- , 1,53010 5 . 1,390 4 s DublinandWicldow3 Sept.2 2 . .. 921 4 1 . 514 13 9 DuandalkndBan1Wkilleo,Aug.31 .. 4061111 .. 49116 8 Great goutbe andWester Aug.30.. 8,401 7 S 6,959 0 1 lcbShSeUth-astern, Aug.30 .. .. 23617 9 .. IS7 2 S KMXuey t10tu n,-sAu9g.30 ... . 534 8 7 . 14 2 5 Limericl andeyaes, Aug. 33 .. 931211 .. - 'Londandeeny td CWeraine, Aug.70 324 1 0 .. 2S 16 10toeadouderryiudXin3l2lslen. Ang.z0.. 6451810 .. 676 1S 6 lladlaadGreat Ween, e.Aug. 31 . 3,710 10 10 3.263 14 0 Ulster, Aug.-S. .. .. 1,356 19 1 1,324 2 3 Witerfordon dKiknAug.30 400 0 4 .. 224 2 3 Waeorda Lei Aug. 30. 1,10619 3 .. 1,03413 6 Waterfordand Traanore% Aug. _s . 191 9 3 .. 18919 3
, -Mo-MARt:4 .Dr dOff lr F > : R, -I Great dulness con0til=1e te& dmuraceAm~ anl W&. saripticnx bf secuntie, uad- te theEnlish fundi haSize emained 'witboist mterial 'varaiSon." The quts {tion'of Consols fo moneythronghout the day i 94ito 95, withCthe excepKon of a-hort"inei 'when there were sellers at 94. - For 'the 8tk- -October the lait price wax 95t- j -Consol Scip left bff at 31 toj INi'; Thr per C-enta 95j to i;India-bond=, 13s.'to 17.; premium; ! - cZequerLuds, IOs zo i and Exchequer-bills, 1 to 31a Premium There was' a 'iul average demand for money to-d&y at the-Bankof Englanmd. Foreign secunties have experienced ittle flu ion, the transactions; having-. been . altogether limited. Turkiah Six per Cenfi. Small were nege tited at 103. The other bagains comprised-,r Brazilian Small, 102j; Reothhild'siFve per Cents., 103 and l02;.; Russian Five per Cents., 109 ; Sardinian Five ptCents, 91 and i'; mand t Dutch Four per Bet cetfeates,, 9Si. - e The final quotations from the Paris Bourse thi evening failed to arrive, but the transactions at 'tre ope-ning were at 70f. Sec. forthe end of the month, showing no alteration. - - The Bank of Prissia, which reduce2 its rateiof discount to 4 per cent. shortly after the terniixa'ion of the war, has found it necessary to returorW its former rate df 5 per cent. -A rise of a half<pr cent. by the Bank of Belginii w aimentionedy terday, and it is evident that o3i the continent gen92 rally a considerable pressre formoney prevawi -which has most likely been augmented by the active employment of gold in the purchase of silver. -- * The railway meetings of the week have been prIncipally-of a secondary character, but they have presented some facts of interest. The xeport of the 31idland Grest Western Company states thul the directors propose to declare-a dividend at the rate 'Of' a per cent, Ieaving a suplus of 3,9501. to ba car nied forward. The branch line to Cavan has beeif opened, but itis too erly tojudge of the probable; cdevelopment of traffic; -The Ehareheldera of thi' Dundee, Perth, and Aberdeen Junction Companry have adoptedathb report, and approved the dividend: 'of. per cent. per annum. The undertaldngshows a gradualimproyerment, mainly attributed to theresult of cordial co-operation, -itih the -otliei: lines in the district. It is stated that the' Alyth Eailway,-when carried out, will become 'an important feeder. .The directors of the East .Agli6n *Railway anticipate. a conaidermble imiprovement in' the traffic receipts from the completion by the cot- - poration of Iynn of the quarr,yig of the B3al: .Point, which will aford increased accommodatiow 'forsteamersor othervessels usi the port. The, dividend of the Melbounme and Robson's 33ay Com-~ pany has been declared at the rate of 8 per cent: leaving a balance of 8,9231. The report of tha 'Cornwall Railway has been adopted, and the forfeiture of shares confirmed. The works are repre.- sented thns far to have proceeded satisfactorily, ant. ,to be in an advanced state; but their further active-. prosecution -will depend upon the speedy possessionof sufficientfunds. Atthe meeting of,the.' Iancashire and Yorkshire Company the dividend o.f 21. 5s. for the hahl-year was agreed to, and thea directors were authorized to opDose all bills in: Parliament considered prejudiciaL The report of the Edinburgh andl Glasgow Company ha been, .agreed to, and the. dividends.declaredat the rate of . 2 per cent. on the consolidated stock, and 5 percent. on the preference, shares. Owing to increased, expenditure: and the effects of competition, the: results of the half.-yearhave not proved satisfactory. At the meeting of the Dundalk and Enniskillen Railway the dividend of 6s..per share was agreedto. It is ntated that the traffic is increasing, and.. that it will exhibit further improvement on thecompletion of the line to EnnisldlRcn. The report' of the North British. Railway is consiaered more favourable, and 'prudence and economy will, it is hoped; place the undertslidn on a sonnd. basis. The dividend on the ordfary stockl, is ' proposed to be at the rate of 21 per cent., while. that ontheguaranteedstock'will be at the rate of 5 per cent. Attention is to be directed to a further'. reduction in working expenses, if it can be juai- ciosusly effected. The Railway Passengers' Assurance . Company haVe declared a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. per annTum, and the report' has been" received. The principal discussion was with respect, tothe general outlay,which it was explained is incurred to obtain an increased business. The report of the Staines, Wokinghbam 'andWoldng' Railway details the progress of the undertaking, and' states that the directors have not considered it desirable to commence the -works on the branch line from Long Cross to Woking. The promoters of th'e Buntingford and Ware Railway have held a meeting at Buntingford; and resolu-tions have been passed approving the project. The works onthe Uliverstone' and Lancaster Railway are steadily proceedina, andw-hen they shall have been completed a remunerative - return isexpected. The directors have clled the: re7nainmg, {il. per share. The dividaend of the Glas. gow and South-WEesitern Company-will be at the . rate 'of 4 per cent. leaving a small balance to be carried forward- At the. meeting of the Great. Southern and Western the dividend declared wasat; the rate of 6 per cent., the revenue showing a progressive increase.*. The traffic of the Whitehaven and Furnes line exhibits an improvement, but the working expenses continueheavy. The dividend of. the Whitehaven, Cleator, and Egremont Companyis at-the rate of 4 per cent., and the mineral traffic is being fully developed. The report of the South Devon Companvis regarded as satisfactory, and a dividend of 7s. per share has been agreed, to. Arrangeinents for leasing the South Devon and Tavistock .Railway, and the Lee Mtoor branch were carried, the directors being also authorized to raise additional capitaL The direc- tors .of the Exeter and Ermouth Company state. that, additional subscriptions having. been made to, t,.he.share capital, they propose to take the neces-' sary steps for 'purchnsinz land and entering into' Icontracts for the COnStruCtiOn ofA the line. Accord- ' ing to the report of the Fleetwood, Preston, and eestRiding Juiiction Company, the working o. the united line will beat once proceeded awith. The traffic of the Furness line has been considerable, and the dividend declared has been at the rate of 8'. per cent. per annum. At the meeting of the Caledonian and Dumbartonshire Junction the dividend' declaredwas at the'rate of 4 per' cent., and tLe report was adopted. . The Forth, and Clyde Junction having been opened, passengers are taken through from Glasgow to Stirling, passing over the liae toBal loch. It has been agreed to wind up the Liverol," Alanchesler, and Newcastle Junction.Company, the Chancery proceedingshaving beenafinally concluded. A small balance is retained to meet couitingencies. The works on the Portsmouth line are advancing, but the section' from Godaiming to Witney has received the greatest attentions The pressure in the money-market has prevented full activity, although onterhol. proiplet sr3 not c-onsider^ed ds couraging. The payment of the arrears' of calld is to be enforcedn'- The progres of the East Kent Comlany is regarded as satisfactozy; and itis' Itated that the portion from Strood- to Favershami will be completed-in about 12 months. The bridge 'overthe Medwsyat Rocheter-hasbeen finished' 'ritlin the time' bpefied,-at a .cost considerably -itintheeate. The dividend of thellorfolk vonpany is at the rate of 21. 1Os. per cent., and the trade at- ail the ports and agricultural stations has- improved. The directors have been J authorized to rase a sum of 30,000 by-the creation.-, of new shares atU. rate of interest not exceedingS.' ter cent. The report of'the Birkenhead, Lanca- 4hire,. and, Cheshire Junction Rai;lway has been- adopted, and the dividend declared is at the rate of 2i per cent. At the Worth-Western meeting it was eplained that the balance of 'revenue is insufficient. to. allow the payment of' a dividend. Thetraffic has' been affected by the' strike in the ironi districts of Ayrshire, which li'as exercised a very. prejudic'l- influence $throughout the neighboullho6d. ThQ" dividends of the' South Yorkshire- Comp.amy hav,e been declared at the rate of Ij percent. onuthe ordinary slres ind- at the rate 'of '4 per ceE't. o'i the guarateed stock, and the report, after aome-> discussion with regard to the accounts; was&carredAThe 'available :balance of the. Hereford, REss" and -Gloceater Co pan-will be applied torednes' the eiisting'debth Anincreas of trafflc u ee: and if;. the remaining shre caii be-isued, they will"-1 realize a smn- - sufficient 'to relieve tbe underakingu from 'all liability. .The dividend of the Vaee. Neath Company has been- declsared at' the rateof I ..s per cent., but, owing to the imit&edaattedance, *- meeting could go-t-lllfatied. At ths ShamleW, Rotherba. Wakefikd ,aind Goc-le meeting the.iEvidei n d eclaredwaaattherateQf 5Peroezt.. ind the advan:a-ta of' m azrfigint-'th"th Lancashire and -orkabire Company i still undec
EXXTNSIVE FORGm-Y OF B.AN OF R G Nlorsa-At the Poblic-office, Birminghxa, on Saturdayj Edward Chater, printer and engraver, Smallbrook-street, and Sarah, his wife, -ere brought up on remand before the Mayor and magistrates, cha-ged with having in their possesson na Lage number of forged o5. Bank of England note Mr. Denton, from the office of hesss Freshfield, solicitors to the Bank of England, attended to watch the proceeding-s arnd Mr. Kimberley appeared for the prisoners. On the case oeing caUed, lIr. Csimberley applied for a remand, in or-er that the prisoners might obtain the professional services of Mr. Jon Smith for their defence. The magistr3tes, however, decided to proeeed with the case. Inspector Glossop stated that on Thursday morning last, about half-past 8 o'clock, he visited a house occupied by the prisonors in -'Yo. 9 Court, Smiallbrook. street, in company with Detectives - Dutton and Kelly. The houscontains two rcoms. In the lower roosLtheofficers found the femaloprieoner Witneast ded her where her husband was, when she replied, " Upsairs.'i He immediately went upstairs, but Chater was not th -There wwa a bed-in-the--room. and near the-window a wopper-jate printing press. Witness also found five numin her plates, ive blank plates, a number of sheets of paper I aped for printing, engravers' tools, inks, sheets of copper;nmd brass, stencil pcatterns for marking sacks, and other articles used inthe trade. The number plates corresponsded' with the forged bank-notes afterwaedsvJouud by Detective *Datton. The date upo notes also corresponded with the plates, being "L London, 14th January, 18S6." Witnes took possssion of the articles named, and on proceedia down stairs he said to Mrs. Chater, "Why, your laubandi is r ot upstairs, madam." She replied, "I did not tell yon --hat; Isaidhehadgone out." Witness thensaid "1 will wa-it untbhe returns," on which the prisoner faint. Alter xemainig about half an hour in the house WitneSs proceeded to theMlt Shovel public-house, and, after watching some time, saw Chater coming from Edgb^ston-streettovards his own home. Theprisonerpassedthecourtin whichheresided,i and witnes3 then ran out, laid hold of him, and said, " i want you, Ncd; wvhy are you going by your own door ?" H e replied, " I was only going to get a glass; somebody told me you were there." Wit= ten k him into the; house, showea bim the number plates and notes. and: - charged him with forging the notes.'- -The - prisoner said-he; -knew nothing about it, and that somiiebody must havei brought the notes there, as they vwere not in the house when he left a short time previously. Ir cross-examination ln-~ --spEctor Glossop stated that the notes were not in a finished. state; they required rolling, and there was no ater-, in2rk upon them. In all other re3pects the'y were com-: plate. In reply to the Mayor, the wnitnesa said he believed -nere vraa all the necessay apparatus on the premises for -ronpleting the notes. Detective Dutton deposed that he! accompanied the last wvitness, and in the room urptairs f.nnd 104 forged Bankoi England notes. The notes were! spread out on_a_board for drying, and covered with mrilbcards and paper. They appeared to havo been recently! pnnted. There we2 4.-notes, narLsed i-u 74,162- 21: rinarked I-u 0,142, 19 maraed n-Y 93.186, 22 marked `-_i -9qjlfV and 20 marked i-u 64,262. Chater's addres. cazd , showing that ha carried or. the bdsinehs of an - egrasr and printe4 woer likewise found; and at thei z.qp.est of the witness he preduced .his rent-books, from iWbah it appe3red that he had occulpid the: premisz s about seven years. Detective Kellygave Eome corroborativeevi-; dence, and slI. Francis B. Farra.-, from the Branch Bank of 'reaaded proved that the whole of th notes produced were Iosgeries. hr. Kisaberley pr-oduced a cerifito of the brjiscnoueasmarrise,an-d uj!plied for the relcssasofthe feissale, Asisner, on the groudthat she had ated> under- tho d- i. fnesoco end control- of- her hrusband; TIm noangistrates- a.c -cem ed to the apointio3;n, and rs Chiater wsdishah ed.; 1,bater w03 tcie cautEied in the usual nne, and in his daence said, "I don't know anythingat a about it." e iju scosuittd for trimI at the ensuig Wgrwzm ossizes,
THE COMET OF 1558A . TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIlES. Sir,-It will be within the iecollecti6it of youL astrono. mical readers that the orbit of the ocomet of 1556, the re-appearanco of which has been expected about the middle, of the present century, was founded upon a rough chart of its path copied into several works fromi an original Ipblication byPaulFabricins (attached to tho'Court of the EEmperor Charles V.), who observed the comet at Vienm, which orn. ghnal, however, had long been sought forin libraries without success. About two years since, after a revisionof my former calculations with referendc to this comet, the reslt of which was a conviction that little futher could be learned about its movements unless- the treatise by Fabricius were discovered, I ws induced to apply to Professor littr6w, the present esergetio director of the Imperial Observatory at Vienna, and request his assistance in a search through some of the principal Geridan libraries for the worie -n question. Professor Iittrbw most obligingly interested himself in the imatter, and, after ineffectual attempts had been made by private correspondence, he at length bucceeded, through the insertion of advertisementsin the principal newspapers, in discovering at Vienna and Augsburg the original chart of Fabricius and his .Tudiciur upon the comet; vwhile, by the same means, he has broughot to light an unlnown but far more important descriptive treatise by Joachim Beller, astronomer, of Nuremburg, which exists in- the Ducal libraries at Wolfenbuttel and Gotha. The observations of Fabricius extend over lees than a fortnight, whereas lieler gives us the comet's positions during an interval of 53 days, ana consequently furnishes a much more comrplete series of da4 foie the determiation of the orbit in d056. The calculations necessary to do justice to Beller's - observations aro not yet brought to a close, though far advanced. The principal correction to the orbit I have -alreidi published (AMonthly otlcer of the Royal Astronomical Society, - April, 1847), appears to be in the inclination of the comet's path to thd ecliptic, whichwill be diminished about I deg., the position of the line of apsides remaining sensibly the same. If any inference can be drawn fromn a compaison of results obtained by M. Eomme, who computed the perturbations due to planetary attraction between 1264 and the [present timc, first -with Halley's elements and afterwards with may orbit as above, it is probable that the effect of diminishing the inclination to the earth's path will tend to hasten the comet's return; and fo; this reason it is very cdesirable that a rigorous examination of the heavens should: 1beinstitutedat once, arid continudduntilTthe liinit assigned b!'the calculations for its reappearance is pased. The evijdencei favour of identity of the comet of 1556 with that I of 1264 is rather strengthened than thertwLse by- the addi- tionalfacts brought to light through Professorlittrnw's exertions, and I will once moro repeat the expression of an opinion frequently advanced on less satisfactorykroundg,ffi_ that the next reappearance of the great comet of 1556 is near at hand. - - - The obsarvations ef Joachim Baeller are by far the best of the bdnd that we possess, before the time of Tybho Bmraho,, rand evince an acquaintanoe with the requirements ofo cometary astronomy greatly superior to that of- his contem. poraries. In a short time I hope-t publish a detailed soI count of these observations, and of the' numerical results to which they conduce. Meanwhile, let -me suggest to tnos3 Iwho are provided -with suitable telescopes, and are desirous; of aisistiagin the search for this long-expected comettthat - no -time should be lost in commencing operitions. :Gaater I vigilanc 6will beascessarn in the viterm ithd thanduring the summer. - I I - , I I remain, Sir, your most obedient servauL- - - 3. . tR.I D. Mr. MSflop'S Ubservatory, -RegenVs Park, Sept. 6.
- ,? EJJ'g-ORN>7WDN .-- ~ ~ UVE T,OXtiri. 1. rI.' The returnsot maies *Eritish wheat, asaer "1 Gaette, ribte week ending the 70th uIl, ar O6Mt3 qu&trkrv a,tj TO.6 er quarter; carresondinjgweek, 1813, r005 quarters, atIX. 7.pat quarter ; ditt, 181,,8696 qarer, a 5.,a eequrtr.Time Ist threedays good States. -The supisfo Iead,Mt tbe-.exceptioai of nziwwheat, are triflngj The exports to read-and catqrmi -to a fair eea~ _Ntsi - weat'herh - eabed thegf'arteg to make evsry-eiertion'towardo-uLttng a~jyrjthe--e-ep and& -tbe trade baa, through thesae reason, been -xmadered inrtV ink all cODUntry markets, with lag reutions in44 vaue of th`e, 7sew wheat., but the fall-bar not been so Important b2ere.- The Corn Zx-- hange yesterday was only lenderlyattended bj '=L'e sand dealers and their operatlei& waereiunuencedl by. t&hie;9 Weather!for the- branchoctbe corntrade, Prices wereuiregulaandd!fflcqle to quate, bu.t it Was agreed to make 'areduotlenfo tTsdyla f 1oa~&p- bushlouwheaiI. oUperbr~arrlacd&,i.k on flour, is Ier quarter eachon Iirdia comn aid Egyptian beins, asfdtbure wsmo c~hange inx the Tilue!o any other article. WToAdb the Lk irhdsiqi1S, - neweatbercoutinuesfavounble, thouglt sere Aselndicstioul& of renewed rs.in A gret breadth Of. gain, -boaever, bas bieen caned.& -Mr. Tillery, of Welboel4 in hisreport upon the agrirultural cperstlois in uptlotngaaieoruie q thatc Month will be '--l remembered for the extrenie beat sAn remarkable changes of temper.. bTervelate, tutthehot forchag, weather brought the -ripening proces on ve,rjfaeansofby the end ofthis week the bailkor the harmet beres willave bee secured.- The past-irreand turnips are looking well Potatcesarmncm ll11md.wa - I !f- -! - - Attbsmarketo-day thoe-ewasllttl-butnea in ~old wheat.ita nominal reduction ots. Afair supply oftnw wboetwasexhlbltidI.I week, seadwas all clearedotf. There waklittlanew berleyat.ntarket; ituwrworthnearlyae nouchals.t54atrday. -s)atr andsesas, foly~ easdear. The preontpraioneare as follow:-Wheat, whrteW. O7i4E to TBcper 36 stone; new, 675. to 70i.: red, old, SU-.toils., new, tinto tIe.; barley, for malting, 47s,:to W&. Parquarter,; for ginding, 41s, to 43e pord0s tone; oat, od.S31s. tcUqzper 24 stn new, 2ie. to Sit; ficur, super;Zltozo..,Per R- stone. IO%, 4 s. to Thi as been extremely fine wyether s'inethe lastreport, anetthe acocounts fom mllditrtcft swe of the meet encowuraglA character. An Immense quantity of cora basbeen stacked, tts6 conditoio being un. doubtedy good. The fine dring windsaofthe pet10 days ha,e shawl - epalredwhatdamagewasdonaby_tha i ns,4nd laeii warnot no mszlyceplaints,of sprouting and otheriniurj-as was bntnpaiec,fhe ield.o1wbeatlsvsnlblyspokenoft SoAme excellent enepahavebeen housed,.the qualityof whIchis Astlsfotoy; but[imsiome psrtsnheac Villnot tUrno0t.well.the earbnot-beingthrosoohlylxed. T here'hi been some difriculty felt in procuring bands, an immense breadith -belngroseyatthesuzne time,and there .Isaways alosseutalledwhea itisalelt to beowme dead ripe. Hojiver,_the harvest baa progresaid -favourably, and, taking rePort generally, there ,ill-lin all-probability, be axi avemge;thr bulk of which JIll he,tecured in goo conditioih, This masson there has been- more whe&t- planted than in,- former searn. The, fine weather met -In at a meet critical period; b ad -It re-atnedunmettled foranother week,the damage done would have been irreparable. As it Is, however, there Is little to feag from eproeted corn, although ini some parts there baa been doobtie an. inim7of that natureto a trifligextent. The new smplesthathaye boeenset to market vryr. A larg-ebre fdth ot -irarlelbas bee~n lem- in good condition. This crop,- it insthought,will hardlTydyeldho, welil as wbeat, it having tusseled more from the wet. Oats are an uneven crop. Theewitibe nexcellenthledotbeans, and blight does nut i apers itefee it- hecrp.Turnipslookvigorous and -healthay,a.dgtvePromlse faprOolfrretortL. The sme3say be add with respect to zosagold. Thes potato duse se-Is sp4reaig; joM406 qualities are,owever, yet sent to thisnmarket.: - Ftattock continues to comman-Iiirmpries. ~Atthismarket,wjth fiarirpply, b-eefrealired Sdto Sid, peril, tSheepweripepwnm'er,l mnutton niade O1d. to 7'd. per lb. At Bakewell bwes wer in naIlu suply,aethef mSsTa.OS toSs.erton. atalreep~reelised Sid. to7Id. perth.--. -- At this COrn-market yesterday, wit a. ema1 supVly -there -was a reductiou of 5a.to Esupon oldand3S. t,oiOenuponnew wheat- White wheat, I'La.to7ts. ;red,64e. to Ws terley51hz to533L .oase, 3DOetio 3a,; aud beans, Its. toiS.a eatflharvest weather hbbs been &itedenCed, and cuttf4mnd leading arenow general. The wheat hitherto housed hwbeen got in, n the whole, in geed condition, the excptions being where farmers pmr a!ited in proceeding during the unsetted stateof the weatl,er. The reportafrom mostdistricts reatscy.IthYle of Belvols OiGbe Asare verygo od; some&sruermtaparthavealreR.jy -been set toimarket', adthey aeouf a ecelet description. In the district around Castle Donington the wheat crop"sr good--some-very hecniy; every hand that can be procure is, engaged, and the )ibarva i's progressing rapidly. Barley in this district Is a, variablecrop. In -the neighbourhood of Loughborough the crops indicate a fair average. Around Mark-et Harborough grain willtprDducc -abort ani averge Fr6m the neighbourhood of- Ufelton-Mwr*ay the -soAounts rare tolerabIy favourable as reoeper nearly all defcriptionS Of .corn The damageenmstaned thrGugbOat the county by the heaey rains wil not prove to giast as*1w&Ldatclk&ted; itideed, it is believTed so be comparatively smll There isno doubtthat tozaalight extent wheM atsb&einiWured4butlIt is quIt4 clear that, -from, the -intense heat oftire sunprevrious tothe itoimy weather,,thevgain was ripng too rapildy. and-required a~ chek, -Th numbers of inetanis h cro -dSc not- ,wear a. golden- hue, -and- apper di-coloured-. but It is thought that the quality Of the wheat wil be. good. The probable -yleld- of wheat Is -aet down at an -ieerage.- -iespKccVg barley there are conflicting opinions, The crop in irregdlierand, while n~ongoDd sOils the yield wil be good, upon infer ior lind it wiill. be thin. In this ease abaseaverag s othe estimate, -Oats have been,as a who!e, harv ested in fair condition, aridwill yield about adi average. Beans will prove, an exoelleut crop. Turnilps and marigld have improved and present a verysatilsactory appes,auoe. -Potatoes are neot so well eolrAkeof, the:wet weatherhavink caused theadioas tos5pre, Pastures lo-ok ver fresh, Thereismn adrante inthe pelceof fi sock. At this maiketbeasta ,were in gocil supply and sAidat fuUlly ntw-eer. rates. Sheep were in ahort supply and dee,rer than lot week.--- At this corn-market to-day thereU wa. fair show of whe4t the best sample; of which, in consequencoe of the downward tendency of the mar_ket, reslied TOe.Per quarter. Oala suppored full quotations. In secondWs,fe.; thirds, 1s. pe sak of lOstona.. - -- At MES41on owbrbany with a goodl enlply, whbeat was3s to 4s. cheaper. At Market Harbortough-theesupply of new wheat waa good, andof ex~ellent quality; oldwheatdeclinedyze In otherdeecriptioms of grain there easo alteratiaL- At Loughboroushthere wasareducteonofIa itnwheat. Agoodahowrfnewboe7iy,witha briskdem.ard --NOBTH&1AP N1O Sntur. 6. - Harest opertidnas have -progresse-d rapidly; the weather beinig favouanble,andlalargeredth iffomruasbeenled,.. Some excellent -cropeirave beem led the condition of the _rain being good ; whait has been cleared Is of very good quality, and the yield of aveqsalisedaM~r -nature. The damage done by the sprouting of the whbeat In byno -memnslarge. The reports from meet districts are errthe whole favourable. hr this nesgbbourboodtheharvest is atisfsa6tory ra lthenelgh. botorhood or Kettering the crops wil in all probability yield an aver- eg. Barey that was cut has curtained darnag-& by the rains, but both thepsature anditurnipe have Improved.,: In Ube district round Welllghoronab the wheat promise exceedingly well, both at regards quantity and quality. -Barley has been damaged by the rain,~ As respects the wheit crop throughout 'the county, it is be-L lleved they3ield wMibe an aver-age, and the quulityina most sespe_re good. 'With rather leow moisture the crops of -barley would have benedited; end the mischief lia afitnly occured where the grAin wal cut; ears also are ojily partialy' filled, and there-am itlin feared, wil ne_t prove rmorthan abase average. Oats are umoderate, Dean, an exellent Yield, Turnips anid Mangold wurtrel are in afavourable aodton at rez t6ooking rich, affording sample food for Eir6rkComplaints are made respcting -the potato disease, which prevaila now inmany districts,. The price of fat stok hAs slightly advanced. At Peterborough, with afairzsupply, beef made Vs. Odto Sr.per stone. Thesheep atrd wps brisk, ad mutton realised Bjd,to7Id.per lb. AtBrackley fter. the supply of cheep and stock wras good, and business ruled brisk at excellent purer. A-t Bucklnghamisir 3,10D sheep were' penned, but business was dull at high prices, At this corn-market to-day wheat sezas . good -show, and superior white sampler made 615, sandred Ods, In barley Oats, and beans there was little alteration, Quotations :-White wheat, 8Ge.to 9Le,; red, 60s. toDl-s. ; harlM4eyiIs to 4-iz.; oati, 233, to 325g,; malit, U4. to I'&.; flowr,Sis.toi5Os,per 20stone.- - I - At Daventry wheat was Os. lower. Oats theturnidearer. AtEnigby thene was a reduction of 4.. pe bag in whea,- Oats wer rather hngher. EmBeasaghtly lower. -At Leighton Burned wheat was 4a per load cheaper. In barley there wasaasliht reduction,. LUNCOgry S . 6, The weatherha hozben althe farmer 'could wish, and reaping has been carried on under tse mostfUavsra'ble circumsVtances, an immense breadth bavlngireen cleaed. From most districtsi the report are faTourable. There are some place wher the ears of reheat, ace not -well filed. In the distrit around D3inbeooke wheat Is a sood yield. and oCexeelent quality. Ina the neighboorbe6dEtfAlferd, a'great deal of otornhasbetn stashd; the crops axe good. Around. Boston the cropseare proving excellent--more, so, indeed, - than was expected; a grestbrea~dtiofocorn hasateenacleared. Prom. the neighbourhood of Bdgg the accounts ore equally cheering'; the yield is good, and the -qualify satisfactor. Inathe district of Louth the crops are favourAble, the fine drying winds having loi-n of gret benefit, Prom the district of long Sutton the accounts are cheering. A large quantity ofwheat haa been housed. The quality appears to be good.- and the yield abundant. -Froma the neighbourhood of Stamford tisA ha en gathered in setiefactory, condition, In this netghbeurbooei the crops are large, and ~the quality does not appear toNb%ee 'Dom,i - jurd. F-rom the welds thesaccouxts are merefavoueable than afort~ nigh1t,ago,- Much of the cornhaszbeen ledIn good condition, Barlej, igsbardlyso prolificraswlheat. Upon the Wejole, the yield of wiheatIrn thiazounty is likely to p-roesa fair averago In a fewrdays thegrea hullk-slMbe housed. everyavailable hasabihaing been emaployed. - The -smmPles Afneswvbeat atthoecloImarkec arevariable,but somepir4 -cols have commanded high pricer, - AJarce bulk of barleylseialeadyin stack, much ofwliichlsabeerigot -in ingood rendition. This grain, however, rproutsdmorothrsebeat;, and the cropiunotscofavourablyspoken of. Osisare alsoaanimegolar crop, but they have been harvested In fair condition. Of beasm there wil be an oibunddgce The rains have wrought a-meet benefidal~ change in the turnip crop. The same improvemdic is visfible in the, - margold. Some unfavomureyl reports are circulated reepectiog the; -potato crop, and the diseas is Spreading. I .I - -he prc of fat stckSullya poeL AtBoeo,withal supply, fat sheep realized6jd, to 7d. per lb. At this market, with a -limitedehow of beast, beef made 7r,, 0. 6to o. per stoue. Sheepwre innModeratB supply, aend mtton reali7ed Bd. to 7d. per t. - At Spamding fair fat bests mnet with a readysale at fullratoe4 thedemandbelng - reaSterthant'hesupply. At this corn-market wheat was i good Eupl stls. tol2 dceaper,:tho be-it samplees of white realiring -Ti, and Ted 66O Werquter. fTherenivnot muchalteratien inthe'prioe of barley. Oats supported formerrtes, Inbeansthere waylittle vriation. Whlte wheat; '0b to l. red, Ol. to s, At Spalding the best mo of whuatwiert 00. toEs. cheaper. Iuferior amplAs soldat s eduction of SLa to lo. -AtOanb-ougholdwheatdoined 2L, aadnw4 AtBftton there - * was reduction of3s on new, ad IOs. to 12° on oldwheat At Newark cl&,wbetdezdinedt.& to45s.aodwOs, to 7s.: In i oth0 dastipm-, of gain thee wasno arion. - DONCAST3B r. . -Thbe weatherhas been the fcinet peble for hlarst oPetonGreatpbegreebasbeenmade with feld week, a a ftew daymore.willseethegrainuttrely secured. The condition ofthecomhaui-' oTaa, aDaUM>s:e,*trst noto .orAbe =ts so 0ttoas aredyierithemaeta actvely reascated - At Baruseythelcresre- ol4mbe1Ainpt thanr wast one time expected, and hopes are-.eutertained that ekes yield of wheat wil on the whole be satisactory, - Otherds3ecriptles at , sMpwni§4lop-stbebr, pnlsndwa4gy barley le0st lr - 3 I : :s * c- to tb. average Froml *arib miler*,rewx has been rselelvdthe crep being 6osidred .tegslher A, Tar fair one, A&t Fenigoo. haryeOiinC baa nlYbegi 1WAithi the last few, &Vs but the crops lIok Iin good condition hea- been iseured, i1be acOODuntc Of the poAt6ratop0 mer, he ,saorbeAWkA1n,peakwellorthograb cr;iw an allU bu helowlands, wbe,g tbey app6er to hare suF,ered from !otrODemnYart. TurWPsise rOWIng oaidly Promselby there are no. .coreplaintsof meriousdarage, sThavutineg6fgW~n is,isinhacUrvly PNE wdet,bm tAran to,b.eliev tthepetstod&,,i~,w ltI Idely*wwo iWAis on tbh, doeesea, &nd,that in some eawe it has whotlyrbeeclked. ~ Te-grall mcp& in' Coole and Xtarsland -in,' god,m and wit , tlbjliied XmuPas iayield thoe of last yes- - in thivicinlty of Howdeze utting hasonly jutcommenood,- 'Whet4t lquite ansaveragetrop,. Xaebetter aeeun Vof'Of p t'te;'Jrro are taking them up in sone 3pao5e. Thiarnip anud wutrelz look well? At IMedghaTe 0017 just beginning,but the croW&eMn toblsn zood"adlUor. - A duz ad Bferdwbst- lifaU inthe sac; barley and oat_ Inyelfll aveagse; and-peae and bearse.-will, be A plentiful. crop.- . 5toas are partially7 di-WEd, Tunp5 n-Ote are in Irststrafe owuocdtln :in the vNic!nity Of Arelwocod 'the. grin'-. erops wea msuch. ld,-:but- itsefr 'condition -hbas atr greatly improved, Tmrnipo;: bewasi,' ard aftekTAGGrse.arexe; Tbe wheat crops me=v Hchedr th-ur out bettir than wias expecWo,, beinog bat little slausgod, Oake -Present UTMN pphna Tuslis Mgratl Iprved Ptates55 SahediaabmLAtHud.' straw, thegraizebemngcompratirely'Surnued, TorrdpsxodpDtaosg areprogreaming. Adpnlarcacocunt4agire, ofihe crops at Keigsiley. At Oiley wheat wil be about an average;ucats welai well; Ibacle' ig:. netqulemocavasnuslbeaMBAZa good crop andamaipeasing. *snqianttty and quality. Turnips continue to.IookwelLbuipotatps are dise6asd The acounts ato the rbableyield of thecrop id~the 'will leavreno room fe-coanplaint. ha sol~ s~, ditloes; otats rther,indifferent,A ayit h eethere hbave ralserlthe proetrtecropsi ad everyeld of grIn"los'~ U~ sain la thought -to bave doniemin gor Od hbsobyfednte -gnusn. AtDAfieUtbAewilbexfrlasseie&fatdecitU -At aeckheatou~the aaeudrsi itratr hne nte district of Searborogeeibndsa eh oa~ejio od PotatoeeWmllnotbea'a oaeveid T i . f mIlaew. In the neIghbourhood of ~io h At Skipton the DOPrOupecco the n haveh Pg"rea inprQ,p. -At: Bridhngton the crops are.being seedrea lmn god1 couditior, At Thisik- -be-en lately seem Turnips arn iomnisbing.-lsut 'dimse it proralent Amongpotatoes - - The cDrstrade hasbeentaffected by te.n theheGOSbr. The dec,l_Ie' in wheatsatthe eslier mLrkets was otconsiderable, butLsinc th4n, the~ reduction hmias ICreCCh miIit t itached 12 ,i per4tatr At'Wakelleld yesterday.-arehs anu3P Je,±I presson in ether kinds of. -vrg earm has been ina-9oWeppeud ratio to thatof whet Litthis -kette-rjwgoqdsiupply_o!D~ wheat and moderate of old, the !onner being in much betterocondi. tien thanthe parcels of newshownlast week'and betterthan tho~e of thM corresponding sem- lmt YeAr.' The bealry deC're at- ~ maketgavre~ buyer here a. great-advanatage, and they. w-eretUnabed- to obtain, the best samples or new wheat. xV.4_ pert.losd (Ing, Md per quarter) es than last week, Old wheat 'wax, almcz' neglected, adrecededaboutfa,.per load (5s. 4d. Der-quarter.) The' Old bean were id. per lesad (In. 4d. per quarter) higher. They611owlng are the quotation& -old wheetgl 2so %0llrper thre isnpeiglbusbel. ; tne 28.. to 3te.; n2ewXwbs4 2is to 24954 due, 25e to ti7r ; beAnjs, i;o. t0204555,lIi.olis.Inewate,24s. so3 o%.,ld6&t4~2X~toa . grind ing b wley, 39s. to40aGs4 maitingW, 46L to 50._. The weolfairshere wredrawing to a claea.- Teapyto-dsi'-was limited, -auit wa readily disopsd of aLt l3s. Gd to ?its per $tone. The cattle markets have beentolerably welflospplied, but pricI hare -enrre-lyraleddrma andiuwsme ItnetensabeetbU adyance 3& pe atons, and nmutto in propeetio. -e pr *The ioreatber hasbeen. beautifully dry and 'warm. Thre whLestm=ay. tsow be said tobe All cut, and nearly thewhiole is cerried in faircoo.- ditien, though the sprOuted Orn, o coore,'is iuferlor~ -and samples _VMryin pointer quaLity. - The barley eneralylis good. thoughsemoe samPles are disooloureDd by the rain. Beam Are profcl; and ae ow heinggotin, The harvest wIllbe be,oughttos Albgnral et wseek, with theexceptlonofthelsop picking,'wbich, howere,isqit unlimPOrtant this year. 'uiWss'ieand ewde,especiawllythelatter'-at growing rapiy,th lste rainhaving beenhighly bene6drial,Sd the pastures have revived. Wha ilb vrfl below, owing to the emaIl q attplne4a h tr ee ie.Tu isashowin8:in a few plaoes rather thsilkrh be etd This market was lower to-day. assewrearosadthin fcrior.morts hardly found purchaarr Ju_wtt'hat o6tg. PerVlb.; -uanred.-St. to&S. 6d.; matnMae~S, L,3,pr and old, Gs. to Sa. 3d. per busheL. l nls ato,~ 4s.4d.pe' 'Itlb.; andlrisb, 4s.to 4& Zd. -A At Herelord maket, oniWeanteada threxe*waafair attendance anud' supply. Vheat&dclinedabouth., bat barle waAYIa-ald ,andiedeclinewassasmuh as de ot. atingbs icy-sover,id As high As Cs. 3d. to Ce. 9d. per, bushel, but a alowsale at those ratot. At -Wolrermpo wheat fell ia. to Se. There have bee. some froty nIghts which have beers against tho hope. Picking wfilbei next week..gin 'ma favourbl e changeas in- the wete,ad tlis fn otharveeot Ltve brought a -good dea of wheat intd this.-minaet, 'isi picies have declined considerably. - Euglish white 'wheat, 6'ls-toe C, pfernew,and Okr to 67. for old;.newred, 5k to 5k, nd old,6OLs, to -$1s. Poseiso as under.:-BerdlarskiOle.to 64Lper MbTh; Odees sndlTaganrog, S&c to 62&.; Ga)atz randlbralla; 5Ls. to 5SS. ; andAircOnIaanBarleftt, 60.. to 70o, per -450b. Maiting barley, 46tr, to WaO and grnding,4k to 4ta.;Otherigmin slightiY-Iewes. .All thehelgtbou.-ing--arkets have falenin rieo about gr, ferwh"t. - -A severe storm 'ieted soraparts 01 Norfolk-uj MondAy an i. ficted&urmerLbtedamsage,but surethen the weather has been de14;htully fmse and the majority of farmers have now completed their .har7estwork. Opnosayralas4t~- 'hchv beeir w arioutlyaffectealbyrthe iroetai:n'-eather in borne plades while i otherethey have not sufferea. On the whole, the general cpbini alPpeartobe"tht teyare ofanaverage charaeter, thoughth, qualt wimi many eases be indifferent. The local makets. have continued falli7ng. - At Hing's Lyn, er tbeday. wheatwas 4s to So. lowrer; at Great Yarmouth,.on, the foL lowirgfdar, 58.to 6s. lower; and at, ury St. -Edmmnd%6,O. to Es. lower.- -.Here, to-day, theme WASSIaIMumSoattendanoce, and a good repply of wheat was brought forward, princiPally el the new crop. The Idownward tendency still continued, and prices were 2s. to 4&* and in somecases s. pelrquarterlower. Barley'waslsrought forward in in. creased quantities, but the condition was verny various, and price were the turn. lower.' Wheat, white (weTighing eab, to Olib. prr imperial busbel), O&s to Sfte; ditto, red L(weglghngdllb, to 63lb.), §6s, to W0. per quarter. The topprpece of baley wae tse, in other- crn thetve wasbutlittle pasin.I There was a good supp!y of store cattle to-day, though few Sec* were ex.hiblted Ilnyorswere tolerably numerous, adtrade.wasquits as 90odas lastweek. Thebhesteastscommanded themuEttattention, and prloes were the turn higher. lUdidlng and ordinary cattle =it a dull Eale. There wvas a tolerably good show of Bheep and lamlb~; tradethroughoutwasbheayr, and to effect sales a6 decline of froM2lj. tolls, per head was accepted. FAt beef and muxtton realised gs. to S&.6d. Per ScOue of 1Aib. At thegreat Herringer fair on Thurai4 the show of sheep and lambe was about 2z,o00. 't.wrm 'vaiou Ur" cumistanoe trade was inanimate. At Hempton-gr'een fa alsonhurl. CHEErMSOED. SEPT. S. Thebarvettmakybe considered as completed for, though atee fdelds Of eets and barley may stil be seen Abroad, the wheat cropis gathered 1n, exrePtingliivet, which is principally grow-n in s-omediAtricts; and, although souse of the amPles Already offered Are d. scrbed As & little soft, the whole may be conslderedag garnered i tair condition, The crop, too, is good at regards quantity; and. frooIn recent obsewrvaon insa touzr through the, district, we should say thes,e was this year a larger breadth than Usua of the grain. Oats are A fair crop, but barey, though in placer due0, - and some, of it got up befer the rain, will upon the, 'whole, he short Bean Wil hardly be an average crop. The effect of, this co. cluoion of harvest without the damage,that was at one tinac l earled has bee to bring SUPplles more freely to the Markets, in S, journey throngh theoounty the noase of the, teamt4bxa,hef mayb freq-et. heard Already working upon .the new crop, mansy -be; anxiousto beready to avai themselves or a favourablesEtate of the quotations. 'hisstate of thingehas stillfurther brought down pricet1 and In this market'today,withaverylargesupply, thab.eat quallti declined So, to Si. Sd, and secondary sampler fully 45, p_r- quarter~ The- best new white wheat was 75s., old 74s. ; red, 4Ie, to, 6r 0, barley there were a. few samples of the MewLcrop io the market, and the quality wasPrOrouncedto be exceedinalyfline; some of it erldfoir asmuchasEOs; OCdinasyqu3Ities were quotedat 3ie.to43s,; grinqirg,ts.3&to4ls.; oats, SEa. tolls,; white Peas, tIs. to 4ls., boriur -4letoWzO.; duni ISe to4Xs; harrowtlelkbesan4 oe.to4eI,U Ln Suffolk the harvest is alo vrery nearly ooncluded, and the markest 'are bet.termopplied. Apracticlman,well cquaintdwviththe coentj vritee,'" The croPs have escaedea g reat deal Of inJury 1Ooed for f~, the iain r but the complants of the miflins are mnore genelral thani elsewhereoftheorendition of thernew smples. At Bus-the reductioi iwhat ls3,.tD e.- St BUlgay the decline WAS as Much asirom SS to S- ; and at Woodisridge and Stowoarklet Yesterday trade arm duall In Herta the marketa have generally declined, Yesterday, at LBihepsitorfor, he uottinawrereducedt.s. or old,and6e. for new wheat. OAPIRIDGE SEpT. 6. -Theweather has, berenexeeedinglyfae,andalargebreathf. com hbasbeen cleared, moot ofitin gododondition, the dnLyexcebtion being 'whm sr'waalasdbeforest was properlydiy. The yieldoef newwheat tis regul- I; Bweemeothe crops are very En% Andotherseare below an I avE-rage,but itis thought anaverage crop ont whole wfi be realtred. The repoets from most parts-are ratlsfactorY;-7there axe some localities whore sproutiug. ha been prevalent b,hu net to an salaming ertent. greatestbenedtto the crops, And it in now believed that the bulk of corn willbe safelyhoboned. The crops of barley areunevren, Yor thin desritio o grinhe eaoceasnDt been falrousable. The number blank ear that were early seen was immerse, The xaliU three weeks agodid mos e eto th in than, ped, t other, and proutingwazmreeneral thnin wheat. There wilbeagoodcrop of beas. Ssisactoryreports ae alsoreceiTed ofthe turniperop, and a good yied is more than probable, The pastiret5re book;ingiexurianlt, conidering theseaonoftheaear. Te pto diatese, uforunately, makesprogres Thie prce of fat stock is unalterd, At !ly, ith a fair supply of sheep, utton realzed 4d, to 4. lOd. dper .; storeEshepwere in demand. Atthiscorm-arketto- w heatwas inoodsupplr ad the best - Pie of wlhie realised 6ie, sndred 66L per quarter. N mate-ial . alteratlon in cterdescripti, Wite wheat, 66e. to. Ol.; red, Gis. -to a; bsAey, Os. to Me. 0oats, 57L to 32L .er quarter. AtPoyaton there was adecliuCof SL per bushell in wheat. &t St. Neots,wheat deelined It. ps bmaheL rey ully su pported ast -weekl sio. Wheat, 3h. to42 per lod; barey, 42L to50c.* oac, 25L to 3 .:2 &., ,, - 3XX G .xr , _ Avwek*Ibeauti0. autv=nal weatsc baaeanabed the fairnes o -gather the remaider of their regr The whea, th WMrae eXcep. tLoua-S& least iathaoreiumeaiact dWistt of thsto w-hs now -all bn eud, andi hAvin been thre y dried before -emovTd *fro the Siod, It is expsedd tht the injur wil Abe quite so -exteive as antsor latWy indlettd. - On the Oxfordshifr hills -'whias-s s i_s' HiWe eta h ib hor ageod AlOf wheat *AMxW&ivtheaho"e bu e't few -more dm of th'orsent d,.*P Will suffce rthat beeg sfelyheaed- Grietpogwha Iwjj'xe Jwh dio th,e 'hall yett t egin falrieadtih to be remood to the homestd. zem an e scdssI the least damage 0 ant corn, and the produe of eah is voin of s: beiuoall; e, The rlil P eetegOuDt,- but -_ ,@? - - t g : L E I~~~~~~~~~~~- tSd3 ampk}edlo ingWag h4ef-o 'DC _,gpg The ineiedapper-of-joabtisgt Is uumatidaiac r. 5, 0aWU6 i rta O - f, * he wftk au been one too bu amohg fs>zhez3to e themto J5Ioto.hipeabutwt toe- s-Sp~yiig he a}ket, sad the Ama .tdyvmW-o lmg*fledsin pgm,isweeh Litdtl bmt .m&saeesfhfi,~ p*pll"_otr.4> wueibmr 1ogbmdiaeicw. .D.e ste Y~ hen Xa :siiodn~ bkA.geexsgi 3nbe lyd saadrkeb aod ` eq iUJl VOWbee iieUlder o fiwg *eitt*oinmerr Tsi dxlinedXto= X epuneupf deline Oft to eL PM. qtm for dry p4ad3ra tc bet seetocy Nis01ud calvbeftomed of at tneetof5i. td .-BeA wbhle idut idd t 7X- to UL; spaobiOe*e,* 5 to 7kT: Bed whme' bmmt~ quantiuy,but*psiosdeacd ker IL-to 2s., the quotatr m 3&-i6 fx. Oil otw vej e rintewerefs k w obtste2l. Ct01wu-Tste~l. 2k. *2& Poad. 2. bZb Bosoamafsow abti. toik, asdpmeat4. taoI.Yeis Tn. woatber b Indismad rtgrkgsin the wmkbomw 10d aind ac std.,0ie dediia las ocum' A axis has 3L to . ; wM, On We* t3init 5L $0 SC fcrnewr; at 316ky teo.SL S- raee , t ask toW . uerd, 4o6 t * at liasin , b M. p ber gbti r i fd .tode Es` oldS 2-wea,bo.V bliono:nYZ>eSAd nw ISOR . exdSpo" -:."re ls;s aboutih ee.eid,^ler tud - t *sow Xnrtb, - ibeW 3 -b;ah d .Towtho ;d ce faot ni.-lig fe L avs.T~I *indisren, and to dohiotmower O Woulae smieto. Wbliewf t, # s.$`Q424r;;ie8dIdSeIO1Ge nmewditip, 3kL to- i. wewbarey, Ms. to t3L ; old cMs;i5a: sto17L:; - wdditto,. 1t WZe dln n,mOe*DXi. c 3 lo - . -
8T42'.N U.? Ti-lE.- . -.0! MA~CISTR,-MA, ton 'LE .h increased, ce-fa-sak af,feelg -'a. it UPWArd movement latthe CO01 I!e,hscie :fr1MOee Of a,ie ee,adtf dvanoe.s which.in amne case. were a fe are Stly intaied. The demand for d ha not improved inuch, b utbyeuy for Germany and Runihave b eea heaitlvP_ Tne iron trade of SoDth Staffordshire continues tead;r and, fromnallappearances, the prioes of last quarterda4iL7,q beinaintainei. It3snotto'hedeuied'tliatwmLewo-~ areW .lack, antlthat from thesegestblishments inferior oxnhae for some time past betn purchased xt reduced r'ates, lit the prncipal "imaked"? houseg anewell offfo orders, man' of which Win etent on into a consderable period of, the nextqurter. wetever my be-the condition of the -ioa tade,atiep eprations werc- juorse for an increase ina h roduction. o c rn It-i stated that ame pirt Of th mills and forges-belonginig to L-ord Waid, at -Round Osk,lBrerley-hll, will he atworkwnhe course or. souat or six weeks, and the 1nt-bll--Ironworkx-hiao aapi. in part commence& working. -. gesemezivenio. fi-the manufacture of ironi anzd %thel ei's b nv'heni Z f' g subjett of discussion in the iron districtsdurin =present week; and the-genehi great credit is d to Besfufor the-discovery of- -valuable improvemeAts, -iuties y arise in the r&ciUcA o*tidng of-he invein ItionL which cought to induce then~tinbt caution. if nything, t-he dermand, sg representedto hbe some'*ha brskr <4ood, mine irorAone,,the produce of the distait is rather lower than it vas, but it is -in faiur re=et. The copper-maket is stesdy, snd the demand fromr e foindg The mar ket. appeas to hav e acomm dae ir onnS~~ ~3 ff2h thel iitia, ad h Ieoeqeni prty rgularly in -work. -The manufacture oftin wares continues tobe brisk, aln the chief e&tabliabmeneboth. in imnga and Tohkv hampton, being fnn o'f orders;-Bg z a w l -Tne factors' ordersat les, thozeoeived bytheleein , etaliahmets of the t ontinue to exhibit aymptoiis of a reviving trade throughout e From the aricultural countie ther aneuied nhn good order for tool, anicipaory Olt i rutumnan winter seaons. Foredgetoo he demandfor which hms been recently very limited, eeis a considerable call' frora the country ira:rnoners~, andfor all?-dwsciptiozik of-husabndry implemaits -xequemeu we ae increraug. -In the aorth of.-R land, and aspecially in Scotland, commerilmen. mccii -enouamgingiy of .general- rsts s far. -as -th bmingfied detrade ig oDnc e a s new attem and invention which frohmd week to-weel. Iue from the workshopg of Blrmin ley-hillFsDetter thaniit tit ordirr bry at.Stby e~lyuaeiele2ha1,eenx perf-octedintehaeu awaterproof leper for packing- and, from rieit-reIelymnadat-wl beefoundtiualuibie- to ev of buronshedsilver and steel, a as wel a e beed and Merchanise, as it e5ectuay re s fro inguy by e3qposure in thei tranxitarod The reports rScenVed with respec 'dto the state of taein the iisurroun diesricts ar rether of hhe foundriex in Dudley and the nelghbourodmigiit fi; fully employecl, ba the chuief 1 hbabmnte anvee conterac in hof fraandf wrwok andgcana -ompaies, wbicha epro the y occued g a -e- ley-bi ir better than it has bwcnz At S ithefncy railway cgriaget and truck nLanufactoison are to be extremely actXie. The i upt ian cotract is be d hon completed At. W t Y mwca the oliow WareitrAde In irprovi and ptWaisael, froma ,o6oviA thesao&lWie -ronmonery ne! as in B irm tinam s deri- re6 impetus it recdived durig thewar, fine ratve09Y n:fot absolutelybra Good orders have arrived for Biring hemcoods forasnd rala and South Aomerica, and alcoeoderate taDis to Liverpool and london houses for the East, as well an the West Indies. The last nast India mail has brought oe some good orders for ralAY stoma. Little alteration has ocrrnend ither ote leai 'branches of local manufawture. Aic hAnds coieinue wellk employed, and there is a fair demand for oo marke. Silko ontinues to-e isnroe npe,ant nemiow easere than at any time for 30 years past -Tis makes it diffcult to reaUiea profit upon. 1diu which it isa rgey mne The Frch, owinfto the ailure otleiin own cro. wAr to the scarcity of Italians, re now competi with us for slks wldch previcusly they never used. LllCE.STEB, SxPT. 6. The hosiery trade has slightly improved. In the fancy branc there is a good busines doing, w ever-y indication. of a good autumn demand. The stocms on hand are smaaL Rewatle ar bin brugt t n hefancy branch, abd To the wholeth a s i n w a or cl aat c fatory oni teon.atp dlcky, and the n tate ofu i trads droadl. the woo oaf his,fi a p T -s Tnoyhahge inrtegpce oc of w monea re liygte an . the ae- are clost ,-tine - the canufcturh e shof mo nolge, an-cth ineey t beaoy a frelysonal diteman, bt and th otateo rad heasbieen fgllys. brga as dumoinsth braeh odfin week bna Th inde we the a -Thno nlhthe effect of i owebo ri to price on to u rnd an brad, thu ao ofema tin a mr hooerful? tet trade gene e. Thsep woolleh innthosoesxte n1odoere m odera faciveand the deman fof the continent ha rather i sofed. s heeek-la was a oo aenda of ly.e a in thre lothehalls hie mittleing.and th a shee forelt ofesituev, frbeaverom ndi otho er he en, the gders. the lmaroet ps drum boe ast price a d an ocks Tre within dtraie tmpass.oWlools Rela wl slhospn dprideed Thovemucaedt. Mothe recentw as Londonaeei TeYorksad ire fairs for hoefe grown Woolfare noeas l puraol ishowr andli somed ofthene~ Auoer 80i shees,e. sfold atpice ayn rmd. to id. p- ll,thblate -Thehheest priimfce.m mei qe,ba hePPMn thewosdvsted trae shoratfBadourean whaifah has shllbown a ecddimporovemnt.bac ore tuhies has bendu dor e it,i yarns and effgootds atbeutter bress Wotol foru comin maeumantufactuing th ade i qiytruiet ba thempanyulin. Limitod liability Act. Linn.Thesuplyoflinnaas ee lithe conty markts, nd, lthugh uyer opeatewith caution, pie of osse esritios avan pwrdteneny,while£ner mlr-b ew crop of flax is coming into the difflhmst maorkets, 'Pretty frely, considering the eary seasox. in foreign there hassbeenlititl'do Cotto.-Noa g.od, wbs ltely could scarcely be mioied, Are now in fair demand, and fine lawns are more sought after. Weaversareinfullwork; and if farimedo not offer higher wages~, the number of hanas that wfil leave the loom for the harvest wil noAA be so great as in other sears. DuLN,SEPT. 6. The Custome' receiPts for the week, tD Thurskday inein. dyve, were 17,9181. aginst 155241.lat weak.
=I-TTAI^ AYD NAVAL INTEIGENCE. 'ILIe fcling circular Mmorandum has just been Circalhdto the army at home and abroa- "His Be ~~"Horse Guards, Aug. 25, 18B6, Highn Soal ess the GJeneral Comauunding-in.. - ES£isplas&dto direct5< with te concurrence of the Secre. - tefor Wr, that St Officers of the Enrolled. Bemioners will irn fture assume command of officers who aybe theirjuniors in the army only when the whole or -y pori.on of their own forte in toe garrison in which 'thy may be located is calld out for duty or for exercise n.ar arms. "Bycommand "WSV. F. orse, Depus Adjutant-GeneraL "Mis Royal Highness the General Commanding-in-Chief has approved of the sabjoined memoranda to regulate medicnl attendance on clerks atached to the civil and military lepartnents of tho army:- - Ist. All clerlks employed in the military and clvil de. p=rtments of the army, their wivew, families, and domestia arvants, areo I ha considered entitled to professional attend- rnce fronm army medical oSicers, and tonmedicines from the public stores provided their place of residence shall be - witbin one mile of the chief military h-ia ftoE=o mobac attendance, &c., however, hosia of ethene ston,yt - hildren under 14 .years of age; and it should clearly be uii earStCoo that medical attendance cannot be claimed for the -,ives of those holding the above appOintments in cases Of - turition, unless in drcusstances wher the services of neiiher a midwife nor accoucheur can be procured. The domestics of the families secified requiring medical adrvice nust attend at the military hospital at fixed hours, unlezs the natare of their ailments should render confLneinent to -the housa necessa-ry. "2d. Office-keeper=, permanent laDourers, and persons rezmanently attaed to the civil and litary branches of the army, to he considered as entitled to medical attendance aadmedicine; butthewives, children, or domestics of these persons are not to be considered as poswessing -any claim to attendance or medicine, unless in localities where the services of civil practitioners are not availzble. "3d. Each department must furnish to the principal medical officer of the station, on the last day of every month, a nominal list of all the individuals entitled to receive medical attendance, -which list should specify the -precia occuation of each person cont,ained in it, and no personvill ba considered as baving a claim for medical ' taMndance whEose name is not periodically furnished aS abovepropcsed, and who does not reside within the ce seie ihce of one mnile from the chief military hospital of th station. lieutenant lenefal Sir Colin Cmpbell, G.C. B.. Jas left torn on a tour of inspection in the midland eounties,, as Inspector-General of Infantry. The Herafordshire (the well-knEwnlastIndiaman) freight ship, Captain W. Stevenson, arrived at Portsmouth on Saturday -with 725 non-commissioned officers and reni of the Land Transport Corps, under the command of Captain W. P. 9eollingwood, of the 21st Fusileers, who were wrecked in the Spartan steam transport, on the !owsbb of Tunis, on the 5th of July. 1'he following 'fficers alsoarrived inher :-CaptainsEHA.Hint,J.Leggatt and Mrs. Leggatt, A Watson, and QuertermasterMintyre, efthe13thbattalion; Captains GrangerandGibson, Adjutant Mlitchell, Quarteimaster Greenway, and Surgeon Muschamp, ofthel4th battalion of the Tand Transport Corps, with Staff Assistant-Surgeons HL Brookl; also lieutenant Porter znd Ensign E. S. Mason, with the reserve dep5t of the-82d 3egiment, consistingof 65 men and six horses. The troops are all in good health, and there has been no sickness of mo-ment during the voyage. Tne Herefordshire has had rather : tedions passage owing to calms and head-winds since she left Malta on the 29th .of July. The officers speak very laighly of the ship, the comforts they experienced on board, nd the unremitting kindness and attention paid to all by Captain Stevenson and his officers., The Sultana steam transport, Captain Taylor, from Smyrna and Malta, arrived at Spithead on Satu rday, with the remainder of the British Swiss legion, 207 men, 19 -officer, under the command of Major De Winlow. The White Eagle, steam transport, the arrival of which at Spi'hnd-we merely reported on Saturday, brought from the E Ias Major Stock, of the Turkish Contingent; Captain 1cy and Cornet Robinson, of the Land Transport Corps; Asistant-Surgeon Eaton, Dispenser Harris, the Rev. E. florgan, Roman Catholic chaplain,- Purveyor Howard, Purveyors' Clerks White, Hoeck, Simpson, Wrench, J ohnson, Garrington, Walker, Richards, Moore, Goderich, Cooper, and Macfarlane; Medical Clerks 3aken and Searle, 46 invalids of various regiments, 5 assistant-stewards, 11 assistant-wnrdmaster ad S7 orderlies of the Heffical Staff Corps, 2 of the ELand TrasPort Corps, 1 civilian. Quartermzster Sergeant Glover, R.-, died on the Ist of August. One sergeant, 1 corporal, and 21 men, of various regiments, embarked at Cibraltar. Her Majesty's ship Leander, 50 guns, arrived at Spit. he"a yesterdayfrom the Crinea. Theserew-stearaship Conqueror, 101, Commander Charles Fello1es, was appointed to leave Plymouth yesterday, for a craisa in the Channel, to exercise her crew. The screw-steamship Ermouth, 90, Captain Harry Eyres, get steam up at Devonport on Friday, to try her engines. The crew cf the Cambridge, 78, at Devonport, got up lower and topsail yards on Saturday. The screw-steasip Sanareil, 70, Captain Astley C. Hey, having had her copper examined and repaired, was taken out of dock at Devonport on Friday, placed at her sailing moorings, and commenced receiving stores. The screw steam guardship Ajax, 60, was taken into dock - nt Keyham, Plymouth, on Saturday, to have defects made good; and the paddlewheel steam vessel Advice was taken out. Tne transports Nos. 21 and 23 went from Plymouth Sound into Hamoaze on Friday to discharge their stores. His Belgia 3ajesty's schooner Louise Marie, 10, Captain Van Haverbelle, from Mogadore for Antwerp, put into Plymouth Sound on Saturday. The Wasp, 1-3 gus, screw steam sloop, Commander Stir. lng, on Saturday, at 3.15 p.m., saluted the flag of the Commnder-in-Chief, the Hon. WVilam Gordon, and left Sheerness under steam for the Brazils. calling at Portsmouth for her final orders. The Vulcan, 6 guns, screwseam troopship (iron), Com. mander James H. Furneaux, is ordered to pay down her crev, and to refit at Sheerness for immediate service. The following ships and vessels-now form the steam reerve squadron at Sheerness, under the command of Captain Heisted :-First division-The Edinburgh, 60 guns, gurdship, C aptain Halsted; chiei engineer and superintendent of steam machinery Mr. Francis Pearce; the Cyclops, 6 guns; the Sandfly gunboat, the Mayflower gunboat, the Pelter gunboat, the Spanker gunboat, the Xuby gunboat, the Magnet gunbpat, the Erne gunboat, the Carnation gunboat, and the Louisa gunboat. Iu the second division are the following ships and vessels -tho Hydra, 6 guns; the Russell, 60 guns; the Phoeix, 6 guns; the Terrible, 21 guns; the Firebrand, 6 guns; the Hawke, 60 guns; the Royal George, 102 guns; the Argus, 6 guns; the Scyila, 21 guns; the Trusty, 14 guns, floating battery; Horatio, 12 guns, mortar ship; the Terror, 16 guns, floating battery; and tne following gunboats - the Bullfrog, the Dwarf, the Fidget, the Cochin, the Hlasty, the Julia, the Sepoy, the Ticlder, the Manly,, the Griper, hie aatiff, the Mistletoe, the Traveller, the Spey, the Fly, the Surly, the Thrasher, and the Herring. The following gaunboats are ordered to bepaid off at Sheerness immediately The Sandify, 60-horse power, Lieutenat-Commander Besille. G. W. licolas ; the Mayflower, 60-horse power, lieutenant-Commander Grenvile M. Temple; the. Pelter, 60-horse power, lieutenant-Commander Hrenry L. Roundthe Spanker, 60-horse power, Lieutenant-Commander George S. Besanquet; the Ruby, 60-horse power, Lieatenaut-Comndr Henry G. Hall; the Magnet, 6O-horse-power, Lien. -cnant-Cormmander Charles J. Rowley; the 33me, 60-horse -power, Lieutenant-Com ander -John D'Arcy; and the Carnation, 60-horsa power, Lieutenant-Commander Philip -ainumerez. Those vessels, when paid off, are to beplaced in fhu steam squadron of reserve of the first class, ready for -immediate service when^ required. It is reported they are form parb of the Coastgad squadron, and are tobe re- thrmissioned yandreadyb the 1st of October next, that bdng the day the Coastguard Act of Parliament will come into full course of action, and further that they are to be in charge of masters' asistants and under the inspection of a post captain in command on their respective stations, The following is extracted from a private letter, dated Sic& Leone, 13th of Augast:- "The Merlin, 6 gRs. paddlewheel steam vessel. Com- An-cu-4 'M -_ Bukly,arIve her fro Enlad vi_ zaaner uecil W. B -dey-, ax li-ved here frm EngLand, £ yAndeira and Cape Verde, July 24, and sailed this morning for n--cruise oz X. Pe0ngaS, relieving the Myrmidon, 3 guns, -iron Clndlsheel Steam-vessel, ieutenant-Commander De RobeCk, 'which ve-sel comes dono hero to coal, and then tkes supernumerries down to Commodore John AdoanS, 'who is at Ioando in the Scourge, 6 nmns, paddle`shol ste3mshiP. lieutenant Shaw, as w vrasting atl cemrnnd PO to resume the command of the Myrmidon, Jlieutenant De Roheek going to joi th cure h ?rometheus, 5 gunn, paddlewneel s tesens uts, Comandner e rles W. Hope is off Isas Th ' A e paddle wcrhel ster meloop. Commase rJ^ m hes Hut, has gone tojoin ,thee-ommodore with the mails TheHes us ade whscaI st-amshiP, Commander ElphntnDO £Al, leftore s on the 27th of Jul to join th e mmd The Xirdfe 4 guns, paddlen=el team-vessel0 Commanderj 4Geor&o F. Day, arrive!l here on the4t of August from. Emlmlad to Ziadeira under' sail, and remains 2hare in eommcana o! iLhe northera diWn TXhe iilloodhouz{d saits to-maorrow to cruise off Cape 21untat. -The Planmer, 12 guns, screw; steansc, z ade ,WIJamj Haswell, as refittiz.-at Fernardo po to ,ot lE>~~,,d. The Linnet, &gesn trig, Cormmander 2&,is expected here on her way home everyday. Tho corzzt js very healt-hy, as is also SierraLTeone.' The Booed. hoannd went downeff the MeliceomiRiver,ron the 7th, to try iaA nAe tFRenal beark, Maen with ground nuts, abandoned. L-y f_ar aara, she 1aa-Sag sprug, la 'k, The Bloodhouind's. crz_e fcngcl the veezsel sank in. three fathoms wiater, there- fore wras only-able to Save3 the sPars, rigging, and sails, which ar to Le rEid, T'he Bloerhaun returned hero on August 10, YWhen the Bloodhound rpet,d to port sie left the Vyilnildon cruLisng off the Pr .gas,4 whr slio ad been for the ,lst teo months Li it.Co mander,De Robeek is Iso e? o ha part5CO18J vigilant in visiting the several places suBspscd of CSTiv,ng on the slave trade, and bumt a large schoont.ti t wths..ima, wEich was found hauled up and being cleaned, aa. eqippei -with all the necessary requirements orthe h ae, wVitf nerther name, papers, nor colous He at tEr rane time destroyed a barracoon, capable of containn aboTLt.(iO slaves, which appeared -to hwo been.estibished for some time immediately opposite, for which purpose he had to march upwards of four mileg with two ;boats`Cres.Itwas foundabandoned. Thepa.inchare of it, havng been previouly informed of the amival of the cruiser's boats, had hurriedly marched the slaves contained in it off to Fettalong, leaving a larg quantity of goods. cooking apparatus, and other ncsessaries requred m the trade beahind them. There was a rerort that a largo schooner hlad arrved at Bisso3, for the PUrPOse of shipping the.o that had lately been marched from .the.r'crgas. *The Hecla was to have left on the 2Sth of 3UlY for the South C , but had been detained from the swamng of one of her paddle-box boats in shipping coals, which sent don w ftha full load in 16 fathoms of water, d was with grcat difficulty, after continued dragging and sweeping.9successiblly hooked, and has since been got up. Onl Saturday the officers,. .non-commisionedofficers,sand troops belonging to the following dep4ts, stationed at Ch:at. ham garrison, viz. -5th Fusileers, 8th (the King's) 3egi. ment, 10th Foot, Ilth,b2thRegiment (first battalion); 24tb, 26th Cameronians, 27th Enniskillens, 25th, 32d, 35th (Royal Sussx), 37th, 40th, 43d Light Infatry, 45th, 52d Light Infantry, 5od, 60th Rifles, first battalion; 61st, 6fith, 70th and 74th Highlanders, 75th, 78th HighlanderS 81st 83d, 34th, 86th, and 87th Regiments, wore insuecte on Chatham Lines, by Colonel H. Tervis, commanding the Provisional battalion. The men assembled in heavy m33rch ing order, and went through the various miiitary evolutions of a field day and blank cartridge fiing, the whole of the movements being performed in an efficient manner. The Wellesley, 74, Captain G. Goldsmith, guardship of ordinary at Chatham, being several hands short of her complement notice has been issued at Chatham Dockyard that 30 able seamen and 30 ordinary seamen are immediately required for that vesseL The troops belonging to the Roya Engineers, witt the East India Companys Sappers end Miers at Chathpm, are uraergoing a course of instruction in the use of the lotacas. ter rifle, under Lieutenant G. R. lempriere, Royal Engineers, the instructor in musketry to that corps. A A handsome silver goblet has been presented by the noncommissioned officers belonging to the Provisional batt3lidn at Chatham to Colour-Sergeant D. Flynn, 53d Regiment, on his retiring from thatj regiment, having received the appointment of Quartermaster-Steward to the Mledical Staff Corps at Chatham garrnson. The experiments with Mr. Frarcis's corrugated metal waggons, which were last week submitted for trial before the authoritiesof Woolwich Arsenal,have been pronounced of so satisfactory a nature that they have expressed their decision of urging the Government to decide on their introduction for aUl the purposes to which they may be applied. Sir George Pollock, Fir Frederick Abbott, major-General Brooke, Colonel Tnlioch, and, many other scientific officers have expressed their opinion that if the metaic waggona were introduced into our public services they would prove of incalculable value. Sir George Pollock, after testing their floating capabilities, when fully loaded, expressed his opinion of their merit in the following terms:-" If Icould have had the benefit of Mr. Francis's carts when I osossed the five rivers of the Punjab, the soldiers would have boen saved some days' hard labour. I was detained a day or two at each river, whereas with this carriage I could have crossed each river in three or four hours with no difficulty, and without fatiguing the troops." Coloe Portlock has given his opinion that there is so much of practical ingenuity in Mr. Francis's invention that he sincercly hopes the British Government, however habitually cautious it might be in admitting great military changes, vill follow the example at once of the Goveraments of the United States and of Napoleon IIL by adopting in the army and navy both the boats and the waggons of Mr. Francis, as well as his Ihfecarfor ourcoasts. Thefirstexperiments,whi^j weretestedundertheinspectionoftheEmperor of thErench so convinced H1is Majesty of the importance and efficiency of the invention, that he sanctioned on the spot a supply to the French army, and as a testimonisl of his satisaction presented Mr. Francis with a gold'snuffbox valued at 200flfr.Francisis abouttoproceed toVienna and St. Petersburg, where he has received orders to attend from the Austrian and Russian Governments. The Rev. Mr. Coles, chaplain to the Roman Catholic troops in WoOlwich, yesterday morning announced to the congregation that the Government had conferred on them a grant of the ground adjoining their church for the purpurpose of building schools. The officers of the cozps of Royal Engineers who served with the army in the East during the late war have presented Mr. E. W. S. Whiffin, Ordnance paymaster, with a handsome testimonial in acknowledgment of his services from the landing at GaDipoli to the evacuation of the Crinea. The whole of the troops in camp, Newbridge, and Kildare, comprising the Royal Artillery, ist Dragoon Guzrds, Scots Greys, 1st Battalion 1st Royals, 18th, 38th, blst, 56'h, and 94th Regiments, the depots of the 2d and -d Battalion 60th Rifes, and 2d (cr Queen's), with staff, colours, and hands, assembled on parade in light marching order and full dress in front of the encampment, facing the east, on Thursday, for the purpose of having a field day;. Lieutenant-General Sir H. England commanding. The whole were formed into three brigades; the cav%Iry were commanded by Major-Ceneral Parlby, the first brigade by uieutenant-Coionei Bedford, and the second by MajorGeneral Shirley. The troops went through a va-iety of field manceuvres, which were admirably executed. There will be a similar field-day every Thursday till further orders. At the military barracks, Maryborough, on Wednesday last, Captai Rogers, Staff Officer of Kilkenny district, in the presence of the Queen's County enrolled pensioners, invested MIr. James Grennan, late sergeant in the 88th Regiment, with the Cross of the IegiOn of Hbonour, awarded him by His Imperial Maiesty the Emperor of the French, for distinguished valour before the Redau. Captain Rogers in presenting Sergeant Grennan with the flattering distinction -whiich in France entitles the wearer to a Position equal to Companion of the Bath inthis country-said, the Colonel of the 88th desired him to express the happiness he felt at being the medium of transmitting such a high mark of honour to onewhohadso nobly ustained, inhis person, the-pretige of theCornaught Paner3 thathe (theColonellwiththe officers non-commi,sioned officers, and men of the regiment felt rejoiced at this recognition of the merits of their brave companion-in-arms, and wished him long life to enjoy his wellearnedand-ichly-deserveddistincedon OnMr. Grennan being invested with the decoration, the enrolled pensioners gave three cheers, and tendered him their hearty congrtulations Mr. Grennan, by his good conduct and discipline during the early part of the campaign, attained the rank of sergeant, he was engaged in the battles of the Alma and Inkermann, and several sorties, and did duty in the the trenches. At the Eedan he was wounded in the arm, and received a gunshot wound in theneek, which passed out under the left, shoulder-blade, and unfitted him for further active service. He was discharged on a pension of is. 6d. a-day, and received the Crimean medal with three clasps. Tne followiug appointments were made on Saturday at the Admiralty:- Commander E. 3L Leycester, to the Madagascar; Lieutenant W. Howorth, to the Colossus; Lieutenant F. M, Prattent, tothe Princess Royal; Lieutenant F. Bym, to the Edinburgh ; Lieutenant T.L. Pearson. to the 31etribution -' J. W. G. DawsonDamer, imate, to theWasp. MidshipmenH. B. Hammersley, H. ]iHardy, Hon. V. _Montague, Lord E:. T. Scott, A. C. Beget, E. Bilkngon, and W. H. Heir, to the Raleigh; Josep?h K;ing, .amistsant-surgeon, to theb Caster; W. f. Banter, master's assistant, to teBlih Nfaval cadets-H. F. Stephenson, A. K. Kelsaz, A.F. Mus,grave, and F. D). Forster, to the Raleigh; HI. D. Evans, naval cadet, to the Cressy.
OLn,npia TBnxAR-The season for this house.; which has been unusually long and extremy proemeroun, wil terminate on Friaay next, but there wil be an extra~ performance on Saturday for the benefit of lrr. W. S." Emden, the acting manager. To the uninitiated publin who merely see t%at side of theatrical talent and indultr which is illuminated by the footlights7 the name of hlr.- Emden may convey no very distinct image, bat among the larlge histrionic community that is dispersed among the various London theatres there are few oersons more widely knownandmoregenerallyrespected than this veteran of the clisses, who at some time or other has. been associated with nearly all the principal managements of the metro- ]Th1'iAEKxnLn AcomnnxA-A singular accident occurred a day or two. ago at the plant of the Great Northern Railwaay at Doncaster. A young mart, nmed Hiolden, was passnd the circular saw used in the estabblish-. ment, and which is driven bh steam at the rate of 1,0OO to: 1,200 revolutions per minute, when a splinter of oak, about: a foot long, flew off a large piece which was being sawn at the time, struck Holden's face, and penetrated to the depth of SDx inches, just above the upper jaw. Some of the owarkmen at once rendered assistance, and endeavoured to extract the splinter, but in doing so broke it short off --by theThcew,here it had entered the flesh. The suffiererwas then re., i mowed in great agony to the surgery of MrJ. Listor- So firmly was the splinter imbedded -in the cheek that no-orli-' cosy forceps could remove it. A strorg pair of jeweller's pincers were then ground down to the proper thielwnewj and, with thcte t-he splinter, which -protrude d about:thrse- -is .ters of an inch- byondl the hone, leavig only a i-' angular incision 'in the flesh5 was exace& I Wms fomad, to b flnchs lng nd ~ i cicumereoe;The most
COT OFBAKYHZBVPTOY, Ba3ing7aUtrca, t34X 6. -21 IZ THE ROYAL BMtiTI8H BJanT. .; - (Befc Arr. Commiufo,nr Fr)L' Mr. VnM)Ey.-In the matter of the petition fof an adjudication of bankruptcy that was balloted yesterday to Mir. Commisioner Holroyd, I now afpear to ask the Court Th-lMCos oo~-Yes ; you refer to the petition for an ~adjudiesffori of bankrurptcy agains t the Royal British Bank. Should, it not be a private sitting in> the lirst instancec Mr. CmnrLz.-Tho proeecdings being ex parte, I pre, same that is the courseyour Honour will adaopt. -The CoaMrsssXorr.-I don?t knowWWhat to do. atter mawy 'transpire which might prejudice parties, and don't ,ou thint thQ proceedings onglit to be private? - Mr. LIaGDo.--I also am here on behalf of creditors. The Comassxoxm-We mnst treat it a8 a rivateo meeting, and on auybod,ysayingthat he has a right tohe present Iwillfirst'hear bisappliecation for admission, because, happen what will, the proceedings shondbepnvate inqthe first instance. Very often there are people in a public court who have no sight to hear what cc^urs - Mr. TE.AGuE.-I appear, here for, shareholders ; n the Mr.CEInLC:EY.-Theproceedings at nreer.t. being ez psrte, ns prson has a zigbt to be heard but mvself, 01h COn S8 I O m-YOUtL h ayve a right to a private room and to treat ie as a private meetin. If any one'wishe3 to be admitted le. him make the app7lation for admission iu the ivate room. AlI mattes mustbo discussedin private. Perhaps you will not object to the gentleman who appears for share2olders in the bank and creditors being admitted. The ca,howrever, being baloted to Mr. Commissioner untlrIondy, whend it,o be better to defera~llproedg nntiltIonay, ven .Hoirbyd wvill be sitting Mr. CHxDI,Ey.-There are twso depositions which I could wish to be taken now. Te ComrsSor-Then while you are' taldng them in a private room I will consider whether other gentlemen have a right to be present. Itwas.subseqgently stated that at she private meeting, . the petitioning cerditor~ debt having been proved, Mr. Chidley obtained a spmnmons againDt tbe mnager of the bank to appear on Mondaea, at the opening of th proceed. ing hbefore Mr. Comsrs;oner iroyd, and the case wis ordered to stand adjourned to that time. ex Rm nPEition B3neS. Tho adudication of bankrnptcy was made against pessrs. Pete and Bryuno leatherdres6ers and arsy contractr, of Beronodsey, ad to which' the banrphs surrendered. The debts aro ssid to be 45dOOL, the Assets from 25,0001. to 30,COOl. Mr. Cannan is the official assignee. IN RE T5tOSI BATUE The banrurpt is described as an engineer, of Old Jewvry. chambere, and was formerly a Commissionler and SurveyorGeneral of Crowrn Lands in lTew Brun swick. The peticn. lars of his case were published on the occabsion of the leste examination meeting. The banktrupt nowv camie up for a certiticate supported by Mr. Plews, and unopposed by Mfr. Masal1t for the assig- Eis HO.?'Oim granted 8 third-clasa certificate.
pOLICB. KiWSIO1N-HOUSM-On Saturday John Cooper, of the late firm of Cooper, Pike, and Company, merchants, carry. ing en business at 70, Lower Thames-street, was finally eramied before the LoBD MAYOR upon the charge of having feloniously forged and uttered three checks, of the respective amounts of 1GL 10s., 251., and 2Sl. 7s., with intent to defraud the Royal British Bank. Mr. Mullees, solicitor to the Committee of Bankers for the Prevention of Forgeries and Frauds, again apueared for the prosecution, and Mr. Thompson, of Fenchuroh-stret, attended on behalf of the prisoner. The depositions taken at the former examinations were read over by Mr. Oke, and signed by the witnesses. Mr. lIiullens-I have caused Mlr. Thompson (the prisoner's solicitor) to be served with a Crown-office subpmna to produce the check-books wfhich at the last examination I pro-ed to have been given to hin by a witness whom I'then examined. If hr. Thompson doeu not produce them I will prove the service of the subpcena. Mr. Thompson.-I will admit the service of tha'subpcma. The LORD M&Yoss-No, I would rather that the service should be regularly proved, and then the fact will appea upon the depositions. Spittle, the detective officer who has charge of the case, was then sworn, and stated that he had served Mr. Thompson with a subpoena, commanding him to appear before the Lord Mayor, andto produce all che-k.books and other bGoks that he had in his possession belonging to the prisoner. The LotD MAYoR (to Mr. Mullens).-Do you call Mr. Thompson p Mr. Mullens.-Yes; he is here, and T now call upn him to produce the check-books referred to in the subpena. Mfr. Thompson.-As I said before, I object to uroditce any documents. I claim my privilege as the pisoner's attorney now as I did on the lastoccasion. The Loan MAYOs.-Then that Wi go upon the depositions. Mr. Thompson.-I can cite 20 cases to prove that I am rht in the course I am adopting. Tlhe LORD M&YOR.-Give me one only. When you raise a question of privilege of this kind I Ithink it desirable for the ends of justice that yon should quote some decided case. M1r. Mullens,-1r. Thompson may refer your Lordship to several cases M,r. Thompson.-There are 20 of them. The LoRa MAYos.-Mention one; because when 3. solicitor is on his defence and backs that defence upon some decided question of law he should at least tell us what it is. Mr. Thompson then handed to Mr. Mulleus Arclh6oi*s Practc, and directed his attention to a passage. Mr. Mullens.-These are marginal notes of decided cases. "An attorney is not bound upon a subposna dures teciem, to produce any deeds or papes belonging to his client in his custody, if it appear that the production will operate *to the prejudice of his client. But on refusal to do so secondaxy evidence may be given of the contents." This is all perfectil goed law. The question is its aplieca. bilsty to a criminal case where the attorney has taken possession of the dociunents subsequent to the prisoner's being taken into custody on a charge of felony. I know well the cpurse that I have to take in thisraatter. Mfr. Thompson.-I submit that I am privileged. The Superior court will not allow me to produce the documents. It has been decided in a variety of cases that an attorney should not be called upon to give evidence as to any documents belonging to the prisoner. The LoRD 2LAYoR.-One can quite understand that you, being the confidential adviser of your client, should not'be called upon to state what passesin confidence betweenyou and your client. lo ,doubt that is upon a very high principle of honour, equity, and morality; but the questionisthis-that having traced, through a third party, into your poSSeSSiOn subsequent to a prisoner's apprehension, documents which are thoughtmaterial to the enos of justice, I cannot conteive that you can by any possibility, either of reasoningorof law, withhold the production of those documents to the Court. As I said before, if that were to be held good law a criminal w.ould have the facility afforded hin of defeating the ends o3f justice by handingpapera, chatteLs, bills, and, if you please, banknotes tobi sEolicitor, who would then state that ho, by reason of his privilege, wa s debarred from psroducing them. That is not law. I cannot think that mn the present day any judge will uphold the dectrince of law asyon lay it down. Do you still object to produce the check-bks9 Mr. Thompson.-I submit that I have no right to produce them. The LoaD MLAYOR.-I am not a judge sitting at Kdsj Prius asuming the power which judges on the bench pcssess, but I should think there must be ways and meas by which these documents, if material to the prosecution, can be brought to light. Mr. Tompson.-Mr. lTullens can get the facts from Mr. Chizlett, if he chooses to become possessed of them. The oanD MAYoR.-I put it upon a much higher ground than that. No doubt if certain facts were put uapn the depostions a gulty inference would be establshed a gnst yourrclient. That is no' at all aparallel case. We have raced into your possession certain documents, which we believe to be material to the ends of justice, and those documnents have come into your possession since the apprehension of your client. I cannot believe that in any court of law your privilege, as the prisoner's 'attorney,' will shield yo from produdcing the check-books. ' 3Mr. Mllens.-The point has never been decided in a criminal case. I have nothing further to say. Ihave onlm been laying tho foundation for proceedings elsewhere. nlow ask for a committaLe gThe LORD MAxoa, after the usual caultion, asked the prisoner whether he had anything to say in answer to the Plsoner.-I have nothing to say. The Loan M&yoO -Then you are fully committed for trial to the Central Criminal court. I Mr. Thempson.-When Spittle, the officer, apreended the p-soner he took from him 12M. or 141. hIa ve to ask that that money may be returned to him for t ci puoasko enabling him to employ counsel for h - defence.;ljuess YOur LOrdship maakes an order for -the restoration of the money the prisoner cannot be defernded. He has at the presenthmoment 801. lying at,the Royal British Bank. T'he LORD MAlYOR.-'That mnay he the proceeds of forgeries. I adways lean verv stroneiy in favour of giving uP money to prisners for the purpose Of enabling themto be properLy defended. . I1 do onot kow whether any objection would be made to giving the prisoner 101. of tin, money. Mr. llens.-I cano-t coneent to that, mny Lord. IThe LOan ZAY0t&o.-Then it cannot be done. The prisoner,was then removed fromrtne bar. We have reoeived a letter from Mr. C. Fostes of 25, Ciown-row, AMle-end-road, -who was brought before the. iLORD MItsLYOBon tho 13th ult. upona cbageof embezfzing maoney belonging to fessirs Hale and Co., wholesalo smtioners, Budge-row, inQ whoso service he had been as co;nerdaltraveer, stating that, although the proceedings at, his finb examination were reported in this journal- the account of what occurred when he was brougo~t up on remand was not published. At the first examination evidencowas given of a sum of 21. lSs. 5d. having been paid to -the prisoner on account of his employers - on the 20th of June last. Mir. Halei, one :of i emploayrs, was the, aworn, andstated that the prisonir had been in hI' service astown traveller,and.lhat it-washisdutytotakeorders anaitoxeceive money from the ve.tous customers and to account for it frem day to day ; that the prisoner bad not accounted for' the snm of 21. 18s. 5d. in question, and that he (Mr. -ale) had discovered at least 20--caes in which the p r ehr embezzled men bel to ine wich th prisoner -amounting to -~. Mfr aleM r then requested a remand, saying he had reason 'to believe that he ihould f" d other eases of embezzlemeit by thki prisoner. Upon this sta.e-. ment the prisoner wa remnandetl for a week, d ut' bei agai brought up on the 21st ulk Mi. M ale sid. tj frong conmm-nicat-ios which hsd been'made to birmhe'idnot ish topressthechage against thepisonrt whom _ The LORD MAon ob6ere±d ts3at if n Eale declned to presseuEte, there WaSH ant end to tShe case, and asked the pro. reenter whether irt the event of the prisones's being dis chaged be would have any objection to take him into service again? his Mr. Hale repliei! that. he would again' take the prisoner into hi service, asi thie latter was then discarged, SergeiTaLLnt 'Ge-orgThomas, alim-a Harriogton, an Henry Hiller, a7iio Thessager,, the two lawyers clerks who haen bein so frequently kiefore tho C&uat, ware finally exadmined on the rargetof stealing a beol; vlue 35s., fro*n the shop of-Mr. Harrhs, of Regent-street. Some further but merely formial evidence was given to complete'the case for. the prosecution. and the prisoners, who reserved their defence, were fully committed for trial. Them was committed for stealingrthc. book, and tHyer for receiving it wal Imowing it a t be stolen. BOW-STREEr.-tEmmoa Formuan, the young woman -nho stood remanded from Saturday last; on suspicionx of being concerned in t-he robbery committed in Marh last, at the chanmbers of Mr. J. B~..Holdsworth, of 5, Clements-iinn, Strand, -wvas placed at, the bhr before Den. JArDam fno furtherexamination. - ir. HumphriDe, solicitor, stated that he attenaed to watch the caso on half Miss Arnott, the daughter of the , head lodgekeee r of the inn, who was implicated by cerwaI statements made by tho prisoner Ft the asmt examination. The cour was crowd(ed to exoess. m i The prosecutors.o chrmbers 'were entered, during his absence on the evenuing of the 28th of Mrch. One of tho drawers in his bedroom d been force d open and apoketbool- insde containing a 201. note of: .the Ban qiEn.g and and udx sovereigns, robbed of its contents. Four months aerwards the note was paid into the Bank of England, andI upo rinqu traced back to the pssi of Mrst Bane,s b"l0er, in Chando-street iwhose. udhter, Isabella Bnosd dep Itohavingr meeied it from the prisoner when she ced to pay an account for her father, a respectable man, livngvin;Harvey's-building Strand, in June or July last. MThe prisoner, in answer ta the charge, made a very extraordinary tatemenrt, implicating the daughter of Arnotta the lodge-keeper of the inn, at whose house Mr. Holdsworth had left the key of his chambers on the night of the robbery. The .following additional evidence was now taken : SergeantD Thomas, of the F division, sworn.-I appre. w hended the prisoner Formau cnithe 29th -of t Augs, i Haivey's-buildings, Strand, in conisequence of a stgateent made by M Banes. I charged herwith stealing a 201..noto belong g to Mr. Holdsworthe , of Clement's-inn . She said "I did not do it.' aOn our way to the palicestation she saidl that about Ithe beginning of April last, as near as she could recollect, a yon girl of the name of Betsy .Arnott came to oer Ha veor-uildings and gave Ieraparcel to maind. t as sealed with blackrea and stamped in five differen EowIces. Arnott said it contained a broach given to herdby a gyon man inth BTemple-gardens. She (priam ner) kept the parcel by her ibout three weeks, till one Sunday, on going up to dress for church, she missed it from her box. She told Miss Arnott this when she called n on her ext ay, nsi he ppeaed mch dstresedat the loss pof e the parcel, fortr contained liab0letnote. After this theyorment togethergto afotne-eln waaoman, namredoreyunt,d ilrydgnstertes-reuest, oonfe writhou heyaout thke, lose yof the note. Witness addedNthato,hewoinan De was now in lsb. JA n o her bs examined. Alice Dent, a peculiar look-ing, elderly womsan,l who shted that she was a widow and a charwomhan, living at 7, Brydges-street, Covenbt-garden, then deposed an fhlows nt:e Ikow the prisoner Forman by the name of Emma. Some time in Arldl last she came to me for advice, tath the young actdnow present (Miss Arnott), whd m I had seen. once before, hut whs name I never new till now. Emma said, "We have come for advice about a parcel which was taken out of miny hboe. Miss Arnottthen said, -1 Emma never ndew tif l this morning what was in the parcl. There was a 201. note and a sovereign. The note belongs toa French lady, a friend of mine, and I gave the parcl touEmm to take care of." I saicl, "God ibess me o aowicould youpvtal2ul. note inaparcelin that-way? Do ou know the number of it' eisss Arnott said Sw-Na, but cldare say the lady in France does." "Dear mre.- I said, France is a long way off, and what must be donek Is there anybody you suspect, or any one in the house who would take it for a lark?" Emma (the prisoner) said, no. There is only my sister, and she would not do it." I then said to Miss Arnott, "1Why did you not go at once to pour mother and tell herl" She repied, "My mnother knows nothing about it, anft I would not have her know it for the world. If father or mother knew it, I would never go home again." By Mfr. JARD5NE_-She distinctly statedth at Emma never knew what was in the parnel till that day. Ma,. TARDIXN.P-Th,is is a very p~laful matter, but Miss Arnott must be placed at the bar. (Sensation in court.) Mr. Humphries.-Are yen aware, Sir, that Miss Arnott was examined as a witness in this case on A former day? Mr.a ARDSt.E.-I am perfectly awaer of that. Whatshe .has sated as a witness wil not be received as evidence 2 gainst herself. An officer then conducted Miss Arnot toG the bar. She was dressed extremely well, and did not look mer than 17. er dmination resumed.-That is the young lady, Miss Arnott, towhom havie ferred. Ihavenevernse eithec of the girls since till now. a a t Mrs. Dent as thetn cross-e.amied at great length bysMr. Humphries. She said,-The girls were both strangers to e by name, but Iknew.them bothby sight. MlissAmnott had b-een. to me once before, but did not stop long, stating that her music niaster was waiting for her, and she was n a hurry. The girls came to me for advice, because iam a mnotherly woman. They are not relatedl to mne.I have no relations. i do not profess to foretell the future. How couldan one do thamt? learn my living by hard work. I havle 3s -week* coming in, and I mnake yteeibcharing. I lost my husband anidmy daughter th ayyears come May laist, and it is well' known hew I struggled to rew! her two children, who would not. have hadl a, morsel of food but for mie, Sir. (Crying.) I hLave lived a great many years in Brydges-street. I am universally known anda universally respected. I never heard til now that Ilam called a fortune-teller. Who ever said so? T certainly have told fortunes by turning the cards or the teacups, in a social way, for a bit of fun. Womien zud girls hik-e it;- andif you come tomoaewith your wife, Imight do the samTe for you-but only in fun. Of course, you could believe what I told yena if you -were fool enough to do it.. (Laghter.) The prisoner Arnott.-Long before the robbery I went to this woman to have my fortune told, and she told me the mostscandalous things. May Isay -what she told me? Mr. JARDrsE (to witness).-Iet ime remindl you that if you profess to tell fortunes you are liable to three monthl' impnson3ment as arogue and vagabond. Therefore you needl not answer these niesuions withu o ic o o a criminate yourself. thuyoliefryoma Dent? iphie.- suppose you knew this before, Amr. Witncss.-No, I did not. Miss Arnott.-Yes, she dlidl; for she told me so. V`itness.-I never thought there was any harm in it. You (to Mr. Huinuhries) were a young man yourself once.. Mlr. Elumphries.-But Ilam an old man now. Witness-And old mnen like their fortunes told as well as the young ones. (A laugh.) But I will never, never do it again, now that I knew it is dangerous. Sergeanit Thomas stated that Miss Arnott admitted to him that she had been with Forman to the old woman's in BrydIges-street, but she denied all knowvledge of the note.- She said that Forman was servant 'to her mother at the lodge formerly. Mfr. Holdsworth, the prosecutor, said that Arnotts mother acted as laundres to him, and Forman had fornmerly assistedl her at his chambers Mr. JADnzEissaid,-I shall commit this case for,tria_' but there are two or three points about which I shall direct further inquiry, and for this purpose the prisoners must he remandedl till Tuesday next. His-Worship refused to accept bail for either. MAatymo,Enoia.ohn Smnith, who had before been brought up on a charge of obtaining gocds in the rname of Major Sibthorp, stating that he was the son of Colonel Sib. Messs. oweby nd o.,Regent-circus, the prione seeced ood toth amuntof3771.' For this sun be avea cec onSmih,Paye, ndCo., and took with him omeartilesworh abut 91.The check- was pro. seaed,whe itwasfond o hn frgey.Another case amout o 121. M..Pillps, oweer,ask-ed him to call anothr day andin th meanime ad inquiries about The prisoner was further remanded.- L~A~mnrs-Charles Fowler, agedl 19; Williiam Hawthorne, 17; andI William Cooke, 15 years, were placed at the her before M.r. YARDLEY, on remand, charged with arson in wilully and.maliciously ietting fire to a shed belongig to Messrs. Burke and Co., and which had been 'aa or the purpose of carrying on the ma.iufacture of a stuff called "watberproof.", - whinpa witness in the case is a youth namea John Gerrarho swears that on Sunday evening list he Was in a feiel near St. George's church andPFeckham-grove, and there saw the risners all engaged in tossing.: The prisoner Cooke lost all hsImoney, and being out of the game ho said to the others, "W'hata lark it-would hb to set that.-shedaon fire," and all three left the fieldl, crossed a ditch +which separated it frorapico grouind o~n which the shed was erected, and made towards theshed itself. Onrealxingit -the prisoner Fowler. lit a match, which he - handTed to -Hawthorne, and he set. fire t-o some shavings which com- m u rke,-it the.- shod, and all three then instantly ran lengh, sedpriciplly,as stre-oomfor imachinery not reqire inth woks,andtht te lse usaie by it - The prisoners admitted being in the neighbourhood at the time or the fire, but denied the charge. They were all fully committed for trial, but vill be brought up again to have - he depositions completed. -
HIGII -PESSURE Sr.3r Pop M1imE PuBposr&On Thurday an- interesting tral took place At the PAlllway foundry, Lsedq, in thte presence of the Government Inspector and other scientific person, of a novel ap liction of locomotivoe gh-prerssure inacinery to marine purpoes. The machnery, which has bien arranged and completie from delgns of the engeneer bf the works, Bis itended, we understand, for a screw. steamer reoently launched at HulL Nothing oould apparenily be mora Admirable than the smoothness andfacility vwithwhich the machinery worled,a speed of 120 revolutions of the scrsw shaft per minute being obtained from the diect acion of the engines, without the intervention of multiplying geer. This quickne. of piston motion,which is not attainable at lowpressure, Bs one of the main advantages offthe applietion. Anotheris the great savingof space and weight, amontingto moretha one-balf.. But what seemed to excite adniratiou most was the ease and quielmess with wlich the motion was reversed, which on Thursday was repeatedly efiected under unfavourable ciScumstances, and agaiunst. tha full stb. prere of lb. on the inch; seven and eight times within 30 seconds Ulpcn the wholeit is not too much to say that this very admirable 3NlEW WESTXlElSTER-BRTDCiE-TI emPort and evidensetaken before the select comittee o L Ioum of Commons have boen _published. The committee ijd Mr. A. Austin, My' . rap, lXf '. L_enj Jfr, .T Simpson, lr. St hns6, ILP., Sir B.Hal p, Hawkahaw, and Kr. gowler.* Appended- to tlhe evin ie a plan shoWng the elevation,ihe fou e. An s p gres ofthe works. Another lashewteiiek hob*oliao required to be clezed away for m tIe ar* T committeo ind that upwards of BO,oA. hlave betnakeady expended upon the new bridg, but recommend Uat the furtheiprpgrm of the worls sho uld be uspened
SALES BY AUCTIO2. Secure Freehold Investment, iu the city of london. Tt B C. FUERB3 is instracted to SELL by.A.UC. ti_T , at-he Mart. on Friday, Sept. 12, at 12 for l, the sulnaa. tia Mcl-buie DW'a.NG-HOUrS, iith double-frontedi Shop, welt situate in the best pait of, and numbered 27, Holber-hill, which ba recentlybeensthorooe.Byrepaired nder the ime ediate superintend. sacs of a suveyor. and isnow let to a highly respectable tenant on lease, at the very tow rent of £tPper aDnnUm.L The linprovemente nowr in crad fipor-ess in the imoediata locality most considerably improva the Table ofthis ropertF'. Maybe vicewe hleave of the ten4ant, and perticulsis, vvlth conditions o' sale, obtined at the Mart; of Mlr. Read, Clerk;of Arraigns oDfice, OldBailey; and at te rsotio.noff5ces,i Warwck-court, Gray'-inn Bran squsre.-By- order of the Devisee nuer the Widi ot. Geore Read. Mac., deceased. t a.C.FuRBERwill SELL by AUCTION, at: vr k&3wtMer 12 at I? for 1, the excellent .EASEHOLD T FA2IMY ENE ritluste amd being 2t, Great Coram-street, within a few doors of Brunswich-square, contsiac ampl^e accluemodalion for a genteelfamily, sndbeld for an uunexire& ten uof 44years, rtasliawreu o c rent. ImBesiate Possesaloz mat beId,thereb offering aeliiblae opportunitryeither for ccWupatioe or inve_tient. Th e maybe vierw o ed . Particulars and co2ifionsr of bsae obtrined on the premhses; at the deart: of Messs Chubbo Deane, nsd Chube, solicitors, 1t, South square, Gray'se-nU; ra Mlessrs, ThorndykeandSiuith, solcitors. Staple-inn* arndat tnhe autiao of ores euWarw,cb-asto, Gray's-lr tb Checery.-L31abert v. Newarkt-Coindsan Besaittil Esbtate, cr vir Investment. intbe immnediste neighbohdobd of :gedria Wathr ta b r Ce FIJRBER wfill sobmit to pae Esr CO MPe r adth TaTen.t the urtioneMart, onidayt.Sept1, t2tfrle. hy erderof the paurtof Chancear uderadbearee madeintheabove. cause, the vanlahie BRepyiOg I :Eeraled copficnrn °9a,. 33p, of excellent pasture and brable laud with the comodreilus,nd gentlemaulresiduwa e,mknown as t atton-bil Iouse,nin ntivliaredofb uhdleshom in the county at Surrey, at resent iw tbo occupation o. tperey. J. It. Pearso oue houe stands upon a bealtifs l Aw3, belted. with orn;mentsl timber-,andiseapproaehed by atcruiage drite, thet obelicgsom buildinct dbalif d cottaeBroiD coeaeiht pporaet ty snd the gardens (whircs are xtsve aeelacetwitha7ni'tinesor Th7e lands (partlypastore and: partlyamel. are in a- high.ssteo6 cultivation, an repaying the aiberal and mudieofa outla e of- th present tenant. Tbe beauty ol the locality is tooweinnown taern. quire any commenoth but the easyD-ccraxion heorcwntb. aiffrde t by the oreditgof the Statue sand WaelgRdeilr.l hastnow broufht t-bs. property e lthin two douss' ride.of themetropos. As a udetia1 esisie it7posses e est couceivabledaatxabg, surraudedasit iswritix. .abics73t of isterret md attraction iu the peemauentComnD aBt ders7hotS, the Welling,,o Military tCol ege, Vigis Wale.smi avnd Watsor. pork, thenAsot rned er-oundI andm t consdins meetsaof. oeranodesof. Warters and steghonudslduringthe antingesno .sm an insostment. fn addition to the above. m Io scoli exiotaherewlth, mi b:e mtentioed that the estate ofe7s any vetydestlnblasitetysobfttiDigoadot', en the SBat high raduad elsewvhere, aDd thabt'he wRhole estatel air-._ theo oes, adu articulars rlicnitn obtainedof J Uen40uthnmq. seNci1or Clipfford's-ore Messs.OiasboZlseea4d. Gibr706. 6,wicln'5- inu-ie'lds; - B.PoWa4s lisa., solintor. '.3, Barssel-sore; .r. Condell, Rq., solicitor. Coptb311asrt city.: at tho. Most; at theprincipat inn3 du the locaitycfr-tbesgato; andatthe. auction officer, in Warsir7ik-ert Grayaim. Bost4n. inoolnshne.-.To Pawnbrokere sud atbers. lft, C. llRBER.L wiLt SELL. by AVCTION, ox V gE te P en3. SLraitgate.Bos4n, conahire, on Weednesfsy. Sept. 17, ae.l! or 12ithe SIOCK inTRE) of a pavm broker~ Sconsistdg of wvatohes, coafns,.rings, awe'rlerr. and numhrop.mriael.a laneous items; also tns modemu Iousebold fumniture, of Brussels. cwarpets, rasewoad drswn room ouh.e,.chimnna5glsarrss bed chamberfitinhgs, and kitchen r6inusitss. liy. bsfinweL . tlo agueintba Nomw-r; and at th e 3uctiO_ oft ee, inL 'rn icn2cs st, Grrs-in.t ndon. tstand.-Stoca o in Trade e of arcer oermehnt, SLOp Bltting an MOORE 'WI BSELL .byAUCTION, oatthe, ts oremises, 163, Strand. ono ednesda. September24. audWoll ow.- i1n11day, a l3fe Soesethpday, rnie abase tOCeen WhiDeh., oaainComofcabout 12 cw. at cia rs. W omple sis; Reeatina, Em peros lo. *alae ilver py ooks pipes, iter -p of e ilh_rdrcrm. l-19zedb ildap talewth elate hod,ct modem Tahop-fthos1,1 fe,eiotaof houaholdns nutulre 3ndaffc0ts. iMay0bte viewed. n , ctaoues bstouthea?re. cuhes, and atthe auction oSd , a n Wauctic-eeeI , G -nn Iew-road, Whileda e. as the lcdon epilal (oato-rPx LenholJ eid;beroumsrdXZoose,tufaomasi=n. ,lan MOORE wile SEr L by. AUCTIO,. at thos _l Sept, cet Thartd1, Ser pthebe1, atl2, by oplar of '. Bixona tEor whofMr. a, S. XerSta roed, a ecellent. D n Ger ILSE V-da 11.en cSarrimet-lao, deidabetweenp Whlip e Lchizal ngi Co4mmerclmlcoads, let in hlin.illet. ayescltenan± ,^st; lPperannn tenant pawng toes.. Teruse years rod rent *isn 2de pe nnum,Ia. stculason Jdi ob ThattB'y,0.Os,moate,torw3o G Bncd 1 b,uiu; at the'Mat Lud at the suet r6fls>1i;r, Irsn uomonRec'a S (oflrrh B w. 3SEL o _AUrC. - TIe)on the *swmies, anquil-, le, Biac'hea(s, o Thur lth Setembes at 12, bIf r the beonr*t of creditours Wh! ifhloffieStoedjnmTrade oan Id mno:er anId 2114 ,v 5Oefmer chedesoulmp,ippranaoni hath ais suada ersr , copper, nk e ad tiw dlt cvers, ittlig rooeasI o ther stoves, kitchlen ra,inge, gzen v.e gine,-cabunti\ctkers' and builder-' general iromg aoP esvnd furuitr.r5, ra; ie mtural implements, ad effects; alot tle citre, ftitga, -jap -urensi us trade. Ta be viewedand a talgues bad onthu rmises atetheV2s la-t.t Greenwich; Xig3 Am, WrodlwirhW Lior, ansI xond m. nandof Mr.Barnes, 2, Birehsu-laue, LeOud->seW Cel5nbesl-gro ll-ousehold Porniture, 6 octan PianuSteflby ',lllardf, Grand duttaby Stodar,t,10 osen P~te, tro Gold,.fatchsg, ~j.a,1E (o roob n-IaiewilSEld_,:ATmlh. Bhffhd~~~remises., G_ oe-lli-trUe _,_ cheffsoieW. _ aI,ie . ,S, , | Inc leon iarden reUa, aaDnuq,s Tot I aodn aaacusgo s.Chaqm s ta').;th . m1d7 7mwf . , u
