DEATHS. On the 26th ult.. at the house of her brother-in-law, H. Saunders, Fzq.,Yeoveney, Staines, Laura, third daughter of the late James Hunt, Esq., of London. On the 3d inst., at Brighton, Anna Wilford, widow of the late Davia Vemer, L'sq., aged 65. Or. the ith inst., at ClothalU. Berts, the Rev. James Ruse. On the Ttliinst., at Genoa, Beatrice Sopby, the beloved child of Lieut. Francis d'Esperey, Sardinian Royal Navy, aged two months. On the 'th inst. the Rev. James SutteUi Wood, M.A., aged 74, at Caen, in Normandy. where he was formerly for some years Chaplain. On Smnday, the Sth inst., at Easthampton Lodge, Shobdon, near Leominster, Anne, relict of the late William Tanner, Esq., aged SO. On the 10th inst., Eliza, the amiable wife of Decimus Hands, Esq., of 9, Dorset-s,-uare. On the 10th inst., at the Cobom Arms, Coborn-road, Bow, 'fr. EHerbert Golding. aged 3., miuch lansented, as he was universally beloved by all who knew him. On the 10th inst., at the residence of his parents, No. 13, Paragon, -New Kent-road, Alfred Alexander Jon Es,Rq,, solicitor, of No. 9, Quality-court, Chancery-laue, in the 30th year of his age, unive.sally and deservedly regretted by a numerous eircle of relatives and friends. On Wednesday. the 11th inst., at 13, Cadogan-place, Belgravia, Miss Whymper, aged 73. On the l1th inst.. a' No. 77, Hatton-garden, &r. George DiUon, grinter, in the 55th year of his age. On the 11th inst., at Hampton Court, Edith Frances, seconddaughter or the Hon. Frederick Chichester, aged 7 months and la aays. On the llth iust., Jane, youngest child of Mr. James Jordan, of W estbourne-parlr, of consumption, in her 22d year. On Wednesday. the 1tth in,st., athisresidence, 3,Effra-road, Brixton, Mr. John Tittertan, aged 74. On the 11th inst., after some years' of suffering, at the bouse of his brother, Albion-street. Birmingham, Mr. James Westley, of 24, Regentstreet, intheS3thyearof hisage. On the t2th iust., in her 21st year, Julia Louisa, second and youngest s-irvivisg daughter of Mr. Grix, of Balham-hell, Surrey, formerly of Bele Vue Hail. Brighton. On the 13th inst., Miss Sarah Young, the only surviving daughter of the lain M1r. Thee. Young (formerly of 10.30s Customos), at the restderce of hes brother, the Crescent. Camberwell-grove.
THE BRITISH ARMY. CAMP BEFORE SEBASTOPOL, MAY 31. [The foflowdng appeared in our second edition of yes. Weday :-] (!BaOX Ora SPECIA CORRESPONDE25TM. If the army continues healthy it is, underileaven, owing to the great care which is taken of the men, andL above all, to the moderate temperature which has prevailed for the last week. Notwithstanding the sirocco, the thermometer has rarely risen a degree above 84, and the average may be set down at 78 degrees in the shade. Every one is anxious to get away-the infection of moving off is spreading rapidly. No wonder. The plateau is like a dirty Aldershott, now that one knows every in and out of Bakshiserai, Simpheropol, and the south coast-has pokedabout everynorthern fort, examined every ruined battery, and counted every embrasure betvw een Constantine and 31angup Kaleh. Fishing there is none-hunting is over, even if we had dogs, and the birds are all on their nests. Thegame have fled to the wilds of Asia Minor and the Crimea, and there are only eagles, vultures, jays, ravens,rollers,crows, magpies,thrushes, starlings,doves, apiasters, and small song-birds, which offer no great temptation for the pot-hunter. If we are anxious to go, the Russians are equally desirous of our departure. They are going to set to work at once to rebuild Sebastopol, so it is said. For two years no persons will be permitted to reside on this plateau or to enter Sebastopol-no one except the 70,000 masons, who are, we hear, to arrive as soon as we leave, and restore Sebastopol to more than all its former glory. One trace of our presence is fast disappearingI mean the railroad, the plant of which has been sold to the Turkish Government. The rails to the Sardinian camp have been removed by the Army Works Corps, and the same body is now engaged takdng up the main line from the camp. There are only 400 of them in the Crimea. A party of these are engaged in raising some fine Russian anchors at Careening Bay. The statement that this corps had to reconstruct the railway on its arrival is applicable only so far as this, that they ballasted the line and raised the rails a foot and a half above the original level. The army is well drilled, and the fine weather is adapted for field days and manceuvring, and is made the most of. Lord Gough has not yet arrived, but he was at Constantinople, we hear, on Thursday. General Pelissier is understood to be desirous of getting back to France; indeed, there has been some delay in conferring on him the K.C.B., considering that it is now eight months since this place was taken. Every morning for the last week a warm gale, almost a sirocco in temperature, and of considerable violence, has swept over the plateau, shaking the tents and straining the wooden huts till they creak and rattle like ships at sea. At the corresponding period of last year the average heat was 20 degrees higher than it is now, and few who endured it can forget the sweltering aimn -which beat down like molten lead on our troops at Kertch and Yenikale in the second expedition. So far we are exceedingly fortunate, and there is no exciting cause for fever, cholera, or diarrhoea, but the French have acted with forethought in shifting their camps, as, in spite of lime, of dirt biuning, of sweeping and cleaning, anylimited space onwhich120,000men have been encamped for a year, and in which are buried prodigious masses of hruman and otheranimal matter, woould be high-smelling and malific in the heats of summer. After a year's occupation we are about to abandon Kertch and Yenikale to the late enemy, who has, however, requested that the 71st may be permitted to remain there till the Turks are gone. The antipathy of the Russian to the Turk is deeprooted and undying; he believes that his national enemy is capable of every cruelty and ferocity, and that he is destitute of the smallest traces of humanity. " When we heard the Tiurks were coming," said the inhabitants of Balaklava, " we made up our minds to die." The Turks have lately murdered two or three Russians at Kerteh, on the plea that they were insulted by them, and the culprits have been sent to Constantinople, but, as a general rule, they were quiet, orderly, and peaceable. The possession of Kertch did not prove of that actual advantage to us which LordRaglan expected, and the enemy continued to receive large supplies, notwithstanding our occupation of the Sea of Azoff and command of the Spit of Arabat. As I told you at the time, there was no appearance on the Spit to indicate that it had been extensively used as a means of commitmication, and we learn now that the Perekop road and the route by Tehongar and over the Sivash by pontoon bridges were used exclusively by the enemy. No doubt, the destruetion of grain at Kertch and along the seaboard of Azoff waVs large, but it is now tolerably plain that the resources of the enemy were not much affected by it. The publication of the Emperor's plan of the campaign for 1S55, and of the circiunstances attencling General Canrobert's resignation of the command, has excited the liveliest interest and discussion among the English and the Russians to wvhom Lhe passages have been shown. lf the latter are to be believed, the only side from wVliclh they dreaded au attack was from Eupatoria, or rather from the Boulganak and Alma. The passes of the Tchatir Dagh they regarded as quite safe; and, indeed, having enjoyed an advantage which His Majesty the Emperor did not possess-of a personal acquaintance with the road from Aloushta to Simpheropol-I am inclined to think that a movement by that route would have been most unsafe, unless it were in the nature of a eOp de main, and that I submit would have been impossible. The Russians, occupying the outer semi-circumference of a much smaller circle thanwve -were operating from, had the power at all times to march from their centro and reserves a large body on any point where it might be required. As they commanded every movement by land from the top of MIangup Kaleh, so they could observe every movement by sea from the summit of the lofty mountain range which overhangs it. The roadls of Aloushta are dangerous; theleast wind onshorebrings in an angry surf, the town affords a stiong position for defence out of the range of the guns of any but very light draught vessels, and the walls and keeps of the old Genoese forts might have beenrendered available for resisting a small force. For the distance of a mile or more from the back of the towvn the cotuntry is covered with orchards, and intersected by fences of strong -wattles and by drains and watercourses, affording numerous excellent positions to riflemen and strong cover to infantry. The town is built on a series of high mounds, wvhich rise steeply from the level ground that runs up from the beach for about half a mile inland. Beyond the open country at the back of the town,of the nature I have described, there is a wvide extent of open fields many miles in length, by three or four in breadth, which rises gradually towards Tchatir Dagh. This coumtry would be most favourable for the operations of cavalry, and that cavalry could have been moved down from Simpheropol long before the allies had completed their disembarcation on the open beach. It Would at intervals have afforded excellent positions for infantry and guns, but it is the toilsome ascent to the pass of Ayen that an army would have most to dread, and no one who has seen the pass would ever dream of sending 3,000 men against even 1,000 posted in the ravines and on the sides of the mountain,where the road winds through a continual gorge up to the summit of the pass. It may be remembered that we found a battery at one critical pass on this road; the brushwood and trees on both sides of it are very thick, and any number of masked batteries might be made there in a few' hours; the materials for abattis are at hand wher- ever they might be required, ambuscades and riflew-i men in cover might be met At every step, and, lastly, there is every reason to believe that parts of the road were mined, and others could easily have been rendered impassable by dislodging masses of rock from the cliffs above them. The distances given in the Emperor's plan are not correct, and the march to Ayen from Aloushta is a toilsome one. TuEAy. This evening a number of distinguished guests honoured M. Soyer with their presence at supper at his villaret near Catheart's-hill. The exterior of the hut was illuminated with lamps fed with ration fat; the interior was embelished with numerous wreaths and festoons of the beautiful natural plants and flowers now so abundant over the less trodden parts of the plateau. Some glees of KiElcken, Mendelssohn, Fleming, &c., very well executed by ?fr. Clarke Dalby, Mlajor Colville, R.B., Colonel de Bathe, Scots Fusileer Guards, and others, formed an agreeable introduction to an excellent suppera triumph of culinary art over Crimean resources, which was, however, soon subjugated in its turn by the ferocity and unconquerable steadiness of the British appetite. Lord Rokeby proposed L. Soyer's health, and passed a high eulogium on the services he had rendered to the army by his exertions to promote good cooking and the use of palatable food; and M. Soyer returned thanks with propriety and feeling, acknowledging the aid and support he had received from generals, officers, and privates in the introduction of his improvements. Among the guests were General Windham, Chief of the Staff, General Lord Rokeby, General Lord W. Paulet, Sir Henry Barnard,General Garrett, General Craufurd, ColonelBlane, ColonelHardinge, Colonel P. Fielding, ColonelDrummond, ColonelPonsonby,MTajorDallas, Lieutenant-Colonel Hugh Smith, and about 30 other officers. Abouit this time 12 months the long rangers, of which we wiselyheld our tongues for fear the Russians would find out how unpleasant they were, and redouble their attentions, might have interrupted the proceedings very abruptly. WErDNMSDAY. General Wrangel-perhaps there ought to be a " von" before his name-(of Schleswig-Holstein) came over to head-quarters to-day, and visited Sir WV. Codrington. He minutely examined the dress and accoutrements of a private of the 11th Hussals, who was turned out for the purpose in the court-yard, and he subsequently accompanied the Ge. neralCommanding,-in-Chief totheplainsofBalaklava, w here the Light Division, under Lord IV. Paulet, the 11th Hussars, commanded by Colonel Peel, and two troops of Royal Horse Artillery (the I troop and Major Henry's) were inspected, and went through some of the usual evolutions of a field day, with theeecution of which the Russian General declared himself satisfied, as in duty and politeness bound to do, whether he was or not. The troops tu-ned out in fine order; the Horse Artillery went past at a sharp pace, their horses in splendid condition, their new appointments showing well, andcthe 11th Hussars looked as smart and serviceable as Jacob Omniiun could desire light cavalry to be, although I fear his test by the scales would tell against the men. The 57th Regiment (the Diehards) left their camp, near Catheart's-hill, at 12.30 o'clock, soon after the 21st, and marched down to Balaklava for embarcation. They were played off by the band of the Rifle Brigade, and were loudly cheered by their comrades of the division. This gallant regimenthas seen much service, having been engaged at Inkermann very severely, and having lost many officers and men in the trenches and in the assault of the 18th of June. Lieutenant-Colonel Street, who commanded the regiment at its departure, was fourtl Captain on its arrival in the Crimea, Brigadier Goldie (the Colonel), Colonel Shadforth, Captain Stanley, and others having fallen during the siege. The present senior Captain (Stewart) was then ninth on the list; the then junior Lieutenant (Erie) is now 10th Captain; the junior Ensign is now senior Lieutenant. The remaining companies of the 21st marched off under the command of Colonel Ramsay Stuart, who was senior MIajor of the regiment in Lay, 18a4. The promotion in this regiment has not been rapid, nor have its losses been very heavy. THURSDAY. A hot wind all day. It is strange enough that when the wind blows from the north the thermometer rises; when it veers round and comes from the south the mercury falls. This can only be owing to the wind being reduced in temperature when it passes over the sea, instead of the heated steppes. The sutlers now form a most " imposing" body of irregular cavalry, and, mounted on English officers' horses and baggagers, they scour the camp in all directions, riding as if for their lives, with their trousers up to their knees and their toes well out. FRIDAY, A sirocco blew again to-day with violence till 2 o'clock, blinging with it a blinding haze and a most disagreeable atmosphere. The thermometer rose to 8a deg. There is a murrain, or some sort of epidemic, among the cattle of several divisions, caused either by the water or the grass on which they live. I fear, indeed, that the few cases of cholera of which we hear may become developed into many, unless we use great precautions. A quantity of powdered charcoal has been sent up to the divisional depots for use. lVe are surrounded by graveyards and burialgrounds, as well as by the refuse of slaughter-houses and of the camp, and within a radius of 300 yards from my hut there are not less than four cemeteries. The brown wasted patches, which mark where camps once stood, increase in nLmber and magnitude daily. The Inkermann side is quite desolatebroken huts, dilapidated walls, old enclosures, deserted gardens fenced round with withered pine sprouts, and filled with blighted unwatered vegetables, which the provident French had planted, in case they remained, extend for miles-silent, voiceless, and lifeless as the tomb. The scene of the battle is now left to history. Outside the camps are heaps of rags, preserved meattins, pieces of red and blue cloth, broken bottles and crockery, leather, straps, buckles, old harness, fragments of plates and dishes, and the indescribable dlebris of a camp, which the French have left belind them. Every care and attention is paid by us to the consumption by fire of such things as will burn ; by night the camp is dotted with thle smoulldering lights of these burnings, and by day long trails of white smoke are driven across the plateau, carrying in their course so many streams of most disagreeable odours. As the French depart Woronzoff village, on the plain near Fedukhine, disappears, and French Donnybrook is, as it were, absorbed daily and vanishes from the plateau. Kadikoi,Kamiesch, and Donnybrook- arestillfloiurishling, however. Thle former town of wooden houses attained large duiensions during the war, and boasted of three or four long streets, intersected by many cross-lanes and streets of smaller dimensions. Kamiesch is a veritable city of shops, cafes, magazines, and booths, many of them of large (Emensions and very wel stocked. As to the provisions and stores, especiaUy those of English manufacture and production, one cannot say much in praise. The Ports and Sherries, the pickles and jams, are particularly atrocious, and the market seems to have been furnished to a great extent by dishonest tradesmen who have simulated the brands and the appearance of articles of respectable firms. Thle Russians are large cuistomers, nor do they neglect the ruins of the camps and the heaps of rubbish, but constantly extract loads of matter, which they turn to use. Fresh meat is so abundant, in consequence of large purchases of cattle made by the Conmnissariat in anticipation of a long sojourn of the army in the East, that it is now issued every day to the troops, in order to get rid of it. The Russians are only too happy to get rid of the enormous quantity of cattle which they had collected in the Crimea for the food of their army, now that their troops are marching northvwards, and our contractors are forwarding supplies from Asia Minor, which give us rather an ermibarras of rich beef. It has been judged expedient also not to send up any more wood to the front for fuel, but to consume the old huts which are not panelled, and orders have consequently been issued to the Commissariat to that effect. The 48th, a very fine and orderly regiment, sailed to-day for Malta, under the command of Colonel Riley. It was not the good fortune of this regiment to come out early, or to share the dangers and honours of the army till late in the siege, but it has, on every occasion when called upon, evinced a high degree of efficiency and discipline. r am credibly informed that the French army buried 23,000 men in the Crimea this winter alone. E:xclusive of that enormous item, our losses and theirs are very nearly in proportion. Out of 200,000 men they lost more than 40,000. In our army of 97,000 men we lost upwards of 20,000. Of course, neither French nor English ever had such a number of men together at any one time ; these figures relate to the total number of men landed from time to time in the enemy's country. SATURDAY. The weather threatens heat; the thermometer marks 85 deg. The Rifles expect to sail on Thursday next, and the Guards to go towards the close of next week or the beginning of the week following. General Barnard, it is believed, will leave for Corfu as soon as the investiture of the Bath is over. The Light Division expect to go about the middle of June.
* IIMNDATIOLTS IN FRANCE. A public meeting Was held in the Egyptian-hall, Mansionhouse, yesterday, at 1 o'clock, for the purpose of expressing the sympathy of the people of this country with the sufferers by the late inundations m France, and of aiding the subscriptions now being raised in Paris for their relief. Although the meeting was called at a very short notice, there was a full attendance of the principal bankers and merchants of the city of London, among whom we observed-The Chairman of the East India Company, the Governor of the Bank of England, T. Baring, M.P., K. D. Hodgson, Baron L Rothschild, MLP., R. Currie, M.P., Lord Ravensworth, Sir A. Rothschild, Sir X Montefiore, B. Oliveira, 3LP., P. Cazenove, L. Loyd, Sir J. Easthope, T. Hankey, 3LP., G. R. Smith, J. Neave, W. Cook, J. Bates, W. Tite, M.P., J. Anderdon, C. B. Young, W. Cubitt, M.P., J. Dickenson, R. Sturgis, J. Loocke, 3LP., J. L. Simon, H. B. Mildmay, J. Dillon, Sir J. Paxton,. MP., E. C. Baring, M. Uzielli, J. E. Denison, M.P., J. B- Heath, R. Salomons, H. L. Keeling, Alderman Wires F. Bennoch, W. Gladstone, J. Howell, W. G. Prescott, J. S. Hodgson, D. W. Chapman, C. F. Hancock, C. Gilpin, G. M0oore, W. H. G. Langton, M.P., J. Tooke, T. Fox, Alderman and Sheriff Kennedy, W. Ewart, M.P., Serjeant Glover, S. Gregson, M.P. Sir G. Carroll, Alderman Finnis, J. D. Alicroft, J. Forster, M.P., W. Gilpin, W. Leaf; J. Borrodaile, Alderman Copeland, R. N. Phillips, the Master Cutler of Sheffield, J.3. Mechi, and others. The LORD MAYOR, having taken the chair, observed that he ought, perhaps, to apologize for not having given a longer notico of the meeting, but the fact was that he felt if a meeting were to be held at all to express the sympathy of the citizens of London on account of the catastrophe that had produced so much disaster in a large portion of a neighbouring empire, the language of sympathy should be prompt. (Hear, hear.) He was happy to find that there existed, not only in the city, but throughout the whole length and breadth of the kingdom, a deep feeling of sympathy for the sufferings_ of those who in many districts of France had suffered from the overflowing of the waters. By many letters he had received from various parts of the country, he learnt that it was the general expectation of the People that some movement should be made with the view to express the sympathy of the English people for the misfortune which had befallen so large a portion of France. He, however, hesitated to take a leading part in such a matter, at least without consulting men on whose judgment he might rely. Hlaving conferred with them, their counsel fortified him in the course which he should pursue. Men of great commercial eminence agreed with him that it was desirable that a public meeting should be held. At the same time it was thought right to communicate with the chief authority of the city of Paris, to learn what was his opinion upon the subject, and to know whether the general sympathy felt in this country for the sufferings of the Frenchpeople where the inundations had taken place would be acceptable to the French nation or not. He had received that morning a letter from the Prefect of Paris, a translation of which he would now read to the meeting :- "ars, June 11. "My Lord,-You do-me the honour to inform me that, in compliance with the general wishes of your fellowcitizens, you have convened a meeting which is to be held in London on Friday next, the 13th of June, in order to gve them an opportunity of expressing their sympathy with the unfortunate sufferers by the inundations in the centre and south of France, and of combining their subscripticns with those of the city of Paris. I am deeply affected, my Bord, at learning that in this occurrence the peopleofLBondon, faithful to the sentiments of fraternity bywhchthey are nowr for ever united with the people of Paris, are desirous to associate their efforts with ours for the relief of the misfortunes of our countrymen. " If I may judge by my own impressions, this circumstance cannot fail to produce a lively feeling in France, and to contribute to draw more closely together the links of the cordial alliance now cemented between the two nations - and certainly it will be a just cause of-pride, and a cause of very deep satisfaction to the city of Paris, to see the administrators of the hon. corporation of London mingling their names with ours, and claiming the right of citizenship on the subscription list of the Hotel de Ville. "F lray receive, my Lord, the assurance of my high esteem and my most distingbished sentiments. "BARON HAUSSIANN, Prefect of the Seine. "To the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor." (Cheers.) He was sure if there existed a doubt in the mind of any man, even the most scrupulous, as to the duty of the people of this country on this occasion, that feeling would be removed by the contemplation of the kind, affectionate, friendly, and sensitive letter thus addressed to him by the hon. Prefect of the Seine. (Cheers.) He thought it his duty, previous to the resolations that were about to be proposed being put, to give to his fellow-eitizens some idea of the damagethat had been done by the inundations in France. This he could not do in a more effective manner than by reading an extract of a letter which he had received that morning, and on whose authority the meetingr mig,ht rely. His correspondent said that he would not speak of the damage which had been done, because that was a matter with which the State might interfere and remedy; but he alluded to the case of those who had been plunged into a state of the greatest distress, and then, after describing the subscription lists which had been opened, not only in Paris, but in allparts of the empire of France, he proceeded to say that he believed that the extent of the calamity was hardly understood in England, and that it was only those who had visited France and knew the districts through which the river Rh6ne ran from Lyons to the Mediterranean who could form any idea of the disasters that had overtaken France by the irruption of these waters. He had received another letter, from a high official source, in which the writer stated that the inundation included in its ravages upwards of 550 English miles from Lyons to the Isle of Camargue, and from Orleans to the sea through the whole length of the Isere to its junction with the Rh6ne. The losses (the writer proceeded to say) were greater on this occasion than had ever before been known, for this disaster had not occurred in the winter, but during the summer, with the crops on the ground and the cattle in the fields. It was not the amount of damage alone that appalled the mind; but it w;as the afliction which had suddenly struck down numbers of the poor and plunged them into misery. It was to assist those poor people that subscriptions had been set on foot al over France. Another letter had aLco been received from one of the best informed quarters, and from a person holding a high official situation, in which he stated that the waters covered a vast extent of country- not less than 500 leagues or 1,250 English miles; and that not less than 40,000 families were involved in this terrible disaster. Under these eircumstanees, he was sure the sympathy of the English people would be exhibited in the way in which it was always shown when sunilar appeals were made to them. (Cheers.) It must not be forgottea that for many years a spirit of rivalry had existed between the two countries, but that now a new era had sprung up, and that a fraternal and politic alliance had been formed between England and France. WVe could sympathize with each other both in war and in peace, and England now felt as deeply for the misfortunes as it ever could for the prosperity of France. This was not only a matter of policy, hut of duty. (Hear, hear.) He would now invite the meeting to receive the resolutions that would be submitted to them. Mr. WEGUELIN (the Governor of the Bank of England) said he had been requested to move a resolution expressive of the great concern with which the meeting had heard of the calamities sustained by our French neighbours in consequence of the extensive inundations in several districts of France. There 'was some difference in the estimate as to the extent of territory which had been subject to these inundations-some stating the devastation to be 600 miles in length, and others 1,200 miles. But, were either of those figaures correct, it would be almost impossible to form an accurate idea of the nature of the calamity it self. Let them, for a moment, suppose that the sea which surrounded England were to make an inroad on the coast of Devonshire, and were to sweep with one broad current through the whole len_th and breadth of this island, they might in some degree realize the extent of the damage which France had suffered. (Cheers.) Gentlemen who had travelled in the southern districts Of France could well conceive how the most fruitful parts of that country had been devastated by these floods. He had been informed that nearly 40,000 human habitations had been destroyed or so seriously damaged as to require reconstruction, and that a corresponding number of families had been suddenly reduced from a state of domestic comfort to the extremity of distress. To read the accounts of the various accidents during these floods was most heartrending. In the agricultural districts the distress was sad enough, but when thevwater reached the towns, then the misery, terror, and mute despair wlhich were visited upon the unhappy people were great indeed. It was not tor man, however, to attemjipt to scan the inscrutable decrees of Providence in permitting these disasters. No doubt they were sent for a wise purpose. There was one purposefor which they knew they were meant-namely, that when these calamities occurred they should arouse the sympathy and charityof men towards their fellow-men. (Cheers.) They were meant to cause the poor man to understand that he might trust, when suffering under these c.alamities, to the aid of the rich, and they wvere meant to shdw the rich the instability of wealth, and to impress upon them the dutythey had to perform. in relieving their poorer brethren when such calamities occurred. r(heers.) These sentiments had been felt and displayed in almost every town in France, but more especially mn Paris. It had also been deemed a duty incumbent on the people of this country, and hence the present meeting. It was not considered necessaryorright to offer aid towards relieving the extensive damage aone by the inundations; hbut it was nevertheless felt to be their duty, as fellow-men, Christians, neighbours, and allies, to offer their assistance in promoting a contributon for the relief of the immediate distress that had been occasioned by the floods. (Cheers.) It had been said that France was a rich country, and was able to support her own poor without requiring aid from this country. He was quite persuaded that such was the case, and that the French people were competent to assist themselves under the disasters which had befallen their country without any assistance from us, and that France would be true to herself. All that we did was respectfully to ask that we mi,ght e allowed to contribute towards the sub- scriptions raised in Paris, in order that we might in someI tangible shape express our cordial sympathy with the sufferers of those inundations. (Cheers.) He felt assured that this senthuent would meet with the full approbation and concurrence of the French people. There was nothing in the offer that could arouse their susceptibilities-nothing but what was the expression of a good feeling on the part of this country, and the evincement of a desire to maintain between the two nations the most cordial and friendly alliance. (Cheers.) He had received a letter that morning from France, in which it was stated that this movement on thepart of the city of London would show that the aliauce of the two great countries did not depend upon mere political causes-that it was not solely a mutual reliance on each other in a timeof war, but that it was an alliance arisingfrom a fellow-feeling on the part of the two nations towards each other, and a consciousness that ina time of difficulty and disaster they might count upon each other's support. (Cheers.) Eolding the position which he accidentally did of Governor of the Piank of England, and therefore repreentingthe mercantile interestsof thcity of London, he thought it his duty to recommend the adoption of the reso lution which he would now read to the meeting:- " That this meeting has heard with great concern of the calamities sustained by our French neighbours in consequene of the extensive inundations in several districts of France." (Cheers.) Mr. Tao:As BAItR;G said his Lordship was no doubt, correctin stating that the rapidity with which that meeting was convened was in accordance with the feelings of all persons, both in the metropolis and in the country, there being but one sentiment prevailing-that of an anxious wish to express a sympathy towards the people of France, who were nowsuffering under a grievous afffiction. (Hear.) If it had been politic to defer the meeting, hundreds would have pressed forward to attend it; but his Lordship was equally correct in saying that sympathy was ever prompt inits manifestations, and that whatever was done should be done without calculation or delay. He had no doubt that those who advised his Lordship did so with perfect propriety in recommending that a meeting of the citizens of London should be held, for it was well known that in Paris all the Englishmen who were accidentally there had offered their contributions, and that many in this country were preparng to transmit their money to Paris. His hon. friend the Governor of the Bank of England had most correctly stated that there was no want of money in France. Any one who knew the wealth of that country, who had watched the growth of its resources, its industry, its comforts, and its prosperity, knew very well thatFrance needed not, to beg for assistance towardsaiding its own inhabitants. (Cheer) Those who had observed the subscriptions which had been put on foot in France were also equally aware that in that country there was no want of charity towards the sufferers from this great calamity. (Hear, hear.) Any one who had read or had heard of-and every one must have read with the deepest interest-the exertions and indefatigable energy of the illustrious individual who now sat on the throne of France (loud cheers) must have observed with what promptitude he met this appalling evil, and how strenuously he exerted himself, not only by means of his purse, but by his own personal attentions, with a view to soothe the afflicted, to comfort the sufferer, and to stimulate those whom he wished to assist in relieving the vastnumbers of Frenchmen who had been thus suddenly plumged into misery. When they met there to deplore a calamity which was among those inscrutable dispensations of Providence, the real object of which they might not be able to fathom, they might at least deduce one moral from the contemplation of such a visitation-namely, that while they felt that they were dependent for everything upon the Power above there was in all of them a power to aid and assist one another. (Loud cheers.) France, however, would not for a moment imagine that they were met together because they thought she needed their assistance. (Hear, hear.) They had met there for their own honour, for their own object, and for their own purose, which was to say that they felt for those who suffered, and that they were anxious, as far as lay in their power, to diminish those evil, caLamities, and sufferings to which humanity was subject. (Cheers.) In this large city, which 'oasted of being the emponum of commerce, they were anxious the world should know that it was not a mere idle saying that commerce tended to the advfancement of civilization and the promotion of good feeling, but that in every step it took it contributed not merely to the comfort, but to the promotion of a fellow feeling throughout the vast continent of the world. (Cheers.) They met there that day to show that in reality they felt that commc-rce formed one of those links which combined the whole world in one common brotherhood. In that commercial city of London they felt goodwill to allmen. Let them not suppose that it was the sum of money that might be contributed that would be justly valued on the other side of the water. The poorest person to whom a sovereign was as precious as thousands were to others might record his sympathy with as much pride as the richest contributor, for his contribution would he as highly estimated by their generous neighbour. But he would again say that they had met to-day for their own object, because it was by engendering mutual feelings of generous amity throughout the world that they would fmnally overcome those petty differences which often arose fTmopposing interests and conflicting politics. (Hiear, hear.) It was true they were met for a charitable objectnamely, to assist those who had suffered, hut likewise with the object to show to the world that their charity towards men did not rest at home, but that it went abroad, embracing others than themselves, showing a disposition to maintain peace and good fellowship towards all the world. (Cheers.) By what they were now doing they in effect expressed a fervent hope that a feeling of mutual interest, friendship, and goodwill would unite the two countries-England and France together for evermore. (Cheers.) He begged to second the resolution. The resolution was put and carried unanimously. Baron L. de RoTHscBD,. MLP., moved the second resolution, which expressed a desire to co-operate with the efforts then being made in France for the immediate relief of the sufferers. They had already adopted a resolution expressing the sympathy which they felt in the great misfortunes that had befallen their neighbours, and they had now to carry out the expression of that sympathy by opening a subscription in favour of the sufferers. (Hear, hear.) The efforts which had been made by the French Government, and the assistance which had been given by the very wealthy and, as it was generally acknowledged, very charitable people of France, would, he was sure, be sufficient to alleviate the misfortunes of the French people. The assistance therefore which the British people would give by their subscriptions would be considered only as the expression of thefeelings of this countrytowards the French nation, and as showing that, while the people of this country could participate in their pleasures, and feel the enjoyment of uniting with them in conquering a powerful enemy, so also could they sympathize with then in their sorrows, and seek to alleviate their misfortunes. (Cheers) lHe was sure, from what he had heard on the continent, thatthe feeling with which this subscription was entered into would be fully appreciated by the French people. He therefore hoped, and indeed expected, that the subscriptions would numerically be very large. It was not the amount of the subscription but the number of contributors thatwouldbe considered by the French people. (Cheers. ) He had no doubt that the feelngs expressed on this occasion would find an echo in the breasts of men throughout the country, and that very soon in all parts of the kmngdom would there be meetings responding to the sentiments this day embodied in their resolutions. (Cheers.) The Lonn 1LYOE.-The motion 'will be seconded by Mr. Evelyn Dlenison, the member for M\alton, wvho has just returned from Paris, after having discharged a highly imp)ortant and responsible duty in that city, and who is therefore peculiarly qualiHied to give an opinion on the subject before theimeeting. MrT. E. DxrnSON rose, and was loudly cheered. He observed that the few introductory words whEich the L ord I Mayor had spoken would save him the necessity of making some explanations, or of offering an apology for appearing before them that day. He would tell them in a few plain words what took place at Paris. lIis mission was to attend the great agricultural exhibition there. Jurymen, exhibitors, and visitors, were all engaged in the business of that great exhibition. They received a most cordial welcomefrom their neig,hbours in France. Everything was going on with the greatest harmony and prosperity; but a sudden change took place. For twvo nights and two days incessant torr-ents of rain fell from the heavens, and soon after dreadful news arrived from the provinces. Any one who had visited Lyons must have observed that it was se.ated at the conflux of the SaOne wvith the Rthone. The Rhune was not a stream which proceeded in its course liL-e the solenmn and stately stream of Father Thames, but it was a mountainous river nushing in its bed with a fierce and impetuous torrent. The meeting might imagine when a river like that was swollen five times to its usual height what destruction it must make in its rapid course. It forced strong stone walls for miles together completely on their sides;- and if the w;aters could destroy solid masses like that, what must have happened to the poor mud-like *1wellings of the cottagers? Itv,was on the humble peasant and the poor man that this misfortune hadchieflyfallen. In one night all the fruits of years of labour were swept away, and everything was lost. Following the course of the Sa6ne, the banks were fouad broken up and the rivers bursting their boundaries; and the meeting might imagffine w.hat was the effect of such a scene. It must have been dreadful. Well, the news reached Paris. He need not say hon much and deeply it afflicted them all. They were anxious-everybody was anxious-to give their subscriptions in aid of the sufferers. (Cheers.) He really must say, to the honour of a very valuable class of men, that this idea was first started and carried into effect by the tenant f.armers of this country. (Loud chcers.) They were men generally devoted exclusively to their owm business, and troubled themselves hust little in othermatte but on this occasion thby *aid all their own affairs aside, and made up a subscription paper, and passedit about, and devoted a large portion of their time to the collection of subscriptions in aid of those who had suffered by this awful calamity. (Cheers.) Those subscriptions, raisedin a simple and an unaffected manner, were received in France exactly in the spirit in wlhih they were offered; and he woula venture to say to that meeting that their contributions, if offered in the same spirit, would be accepted in the same manner. (Cheers.) He wished to coufirm all that Mr. Baring had said respectingthe noble conduct of the Emperor of the French. (Cheers.) Indeed, throughout -Paris, and, as far as he knew, throughout France, the collections that had been made had been upon the most liberal and extensive scale. It was his fortune last Sunday to hear in a Protestant church one of the finest and most eloquent displays of oratory from the great Protestant orator of Paris that he ever heard. He would not import the words of the pulpit into that meeting, but this he would presume to say, that-tbese things were sent to try and to prove us-to prove those whio suffered and also those who were spared from snffernng. Those rains which had fallen in France in desolating torrents had only given freshness to their feelings and a new impulse to their heart. Then let themdothatwhich it wastheirduty to do with gratefiil hearts-let them do it liberally, with cordial sym- pathy, and they might be assured that it would be as cor. dialy received. (Cheers.) The resolution was unanimously agreed to. Mr. B. Hx.Tix moved the following resolution:-" That with thils view a committee be formed under the presidency of the Bight lIon, the Lord Mayor, for the purpose of receivmg sbscripetions and transmitting them to Paris, and thatthe I.ordMayur be requested to act as treasurer for that purpose." 3Ir. Heath said that he was acquainted with the spot where the calamity had taken place, and he conulc assure the meeting that the picture drawn of the disaster bad not been in any way exaggerated. He had himself witnessed the inundation of the SaOne and the Rhone, the consequence of whichhad been the rain of many families. these things neve- occurred to form an idea of the spectacle which presented itself on the occasion of these inundalleur, and more especially at this timne of the year, wvhen the fruits of the earth wyere all brut ripe for the harvest. HTe hoped that both in England and Fran^e it wouLld not be consideredthat the meeting was improperly interfering with matters which exclusively concerned France The French people were a very sensitive people, but he had no doubtthey would accept their sympathy in the spirit in which it was profferedL Mr. DinoN seconded the resolution, and observed that any personwho was aoquainted with the geographical pea1tion of the city ofLyons, situated on two rivers, might well imagine theoverwhelmingruin which mnst befall it when those two rivers burst from their boundaries. The tongue of landonwhichthecitystoodwas jammed as it were betweenthose twoswollen rivers. Timewould not allow him to address the meeting at any length, but he ws extremely anxious that it should be distinctly understood-especially thatthe French people should clearly understand--that that meeting did not come forward to relieve their wants (hear, hear), but simply to express the sympathies of the English nation with their sufferings. He felt sure that a greater, a nobler, and, spealing as a merchantin a commercial city, a more profitable object coUld not engage their attention (cheers) than to make a contribution towards the wants of their feliow-creatures in the neighbouring country of a temporary kdnd. Their great object was to cement the union between tho two nations. War for centuries they had had. Hitherto the French and Englsh nationshad, it mightbe, feared, certainly respected, each other; now let us begin to love each ether. (Cheers.) There was much in the French character whEich the English might imitate with advantage, and there was something in the British institutions which the French might learn with advantage. (Cheers.) It waS many years ago that he had attempted to gain an audience in the city of London in favour of what had since been called free trade- now they were very likely to see their example followed by the French. He merely pointed this out to show that there were commercial advantages to be derived from a union with Franoe, as well as moral, religious, and politicaL Let them hope, then, that a cordial union might be establshed among the people of the two. countries; and let it be shown that whennations as well as. monarchs met together that was the true cloth of gold which would promote and cement an everlasting friendship. between each. (Cheers.) The Frenkch people would, he felt assured, appreciate this attempt to alleviate their sulfferings, and this symnpathy. tendered by them on account. of theirmiseries; and he hopedthat, in accordance with the spirit in which it was offered, it would rise o'er their hearts like a ralnbow above the deluge with which it had pleased Heaven to visit them. (Cheers.) The resolution was then agreed to. lr. lRiEs CURPRa, ML.P., in moving the appointment of a committee, made some observations on the character of - the people on whom this visitation had fallen. He said they were principally the peasantry of France, than whom a more frugal, contented class of men did not exist. Amid all the - changes that had passed across their country they had pre. served much of that character which was to be read of in. the pages of Sterne and of Goldsmith. There was no clams of men who could more powerfully evoke all one's sympathies. They had not the advantage of the class of opulent resident proprietors, because for the most part such a class . did not exist in France. The land was divided into small holdings. and when these peasants beheld the fruits of their many Sears' industry swept away in a single night it was impossible to withhold from them their sympathy. (Cheers.) WVhen one contemplated thea simple agents of nature by which these vast calamities, were wrought it at once brought home a conviction of the feebleness of man, and a reflection on these things brought themmnd in contact with that inscrutable mystery, with that great problem about which the human intellect had fretted itself as the suirge frets itself against the adamantine - rock-the cause of physical and moral evil. But such events, although leading in one direction to unprofitable speculations, yet in another way guided them to the plain and practical duty of relieving the sufferings of its vict.ims. (Cheers.) But the course they were invited to adopt was not in the spirit of charity, but with a-view to give expressionto a deep feeling of sympathv for our allies; a feeling of patriohsm-a feelg for the wellbeing of our country and of the world. (Cheers.) Yes! who would' have thought 12 months ago that the tremendous strugglo in which we were engaged- would have been closed by a.. peace most satisfactory, because, as he beleved, it was just and honourable? And was not the meeting of that day a most graceful crowning of that alliance, which had been kept through evil report and goodreport, throngh much suiffering peril, and endaurance, most cordially and faithfully? (Cheers. . He trusted that in offering their tribute of respect to that glorious nation which we were beginning to understand, and who were beginning to understand us, they would not suppose that it was a feeling of patronago that had stirred us up. They had heard of a congresses and of peace societies; such men mnight tve fheir mission, but those who laboured in earnest deserved our greatest respect, inasmnuch as one good action outweighed a hundred speeches. To do one act of good for the people was far better than to spend whole tons of rhetoric. (Cheers and laughter.) He trusted that the alliance of France and England would beso cemented and welded together that nothing might ever again disunite them. Such a union would insure the happiness of the human race. And then, united, they could afford to be magnanimous. They had historical recollections to repose uron, and such.. as would give them that composure which arose from conscious strength. He did realy look upon this unity of - power of the twvo great nations as conferring on them the means of insuring human progress against all comers. IE they took their stand, as he trusted they would, against al aggressive warfare, aggressive warfare would no longer be carried on, neither by the delusions of despotic power nor by the recklessness of republican ambition. (Cheers.) God grant they might understand their awful mission. (Cheers.) The hon. gentleman concluded by exhorting the meeting to subscribe hibera]ly, observing that, although they had only just reached a tame of pace, the country was still in a state of unexampled commercial prosperity. Let them, then, do something worthy of the emporium of the. wealth and commerce of the world. (Cheers.) ,Mr. G. PicscoTr seconded the resolution, and reminded the meeting that, when the distressed state of Ireland in 1847 called forth the sympathies of the nation, not only France but also Turlkey sent subscriptions in aid of the funds for the relief of the sufferers. Mr. AnnDERTON expressed his surprise that no member of the corporation of the city, except the Lord Mayor, had yet takenanfypartin the proceedings of the meeting. He hoped it would not be supposed that the corporation were indifferent in this matter. He knew that there was not less sympathy on the part of the members of the corporation than on the part of those who now constituted tbat meeting. The resolution was then agreed to, and the follow ig gentlemen were nominated the committee:-The Rigbt Hon. the Lord Mayor, the Governor of the Bank of England, Baron L. de Rothschild, M.P.; Mr. Thomas Baring, F.P. ; Sir Joseph Paxton, ILP.; Mr. G. Carr Glyn, ALP.; Mr. Joseph Locke, ALP.; Mr. Raikes Currie MhP. Mr William Tite, hLP. - Mr. Evelyn Denison, hLP.; * ;. Thomson Hankey, bLP.; Mr. John Forster, M.P.; Sir Moses Montefiore, Mr. John Dillon, Mr. D. W. Wire, Aldermnan; Mr. Samuel Gregson, Mf.P.; MEr. Kirlunan D. Hodgson, Mr. William Cook, MWr. William Ieaf, Mr. Matthew Uzielli, Mr. Alexis Doxat, Mr. J. B. H[eath, Mr. Peuben Salomons,. Mrr. Philip Cazenove, MWr. Lewvis Loyd, *Mr. G. R. Smith,. Mrr. Francis Bennoch, Lord Ravenswrorth, and Mr. Wf. G.. Prescott. Lord RAVEmsWvoRTII moved that the various London bankers be requested to receive subscriptions on behalf of the committee. He felt it an honour to be alloved to associate himself with the chief magistrate of the city of London in a work of charity and sympathy towards their neighbours. It had been whispered that there were still some remains, both in this country and in France, of those ancient animosities which had so long existed between the two nations. If there were any such remains, could there, he would ask, be anything more likely to obliterate them altogether than such a meeting as the present ? (Cheers.) But he did not believe such a thing to be possible in the present advanced state of civilization, especially between two such peoples as those of England and of France, whose interests were the same, and who were bound together by the ties of commerce and the obligations of a commonk Christianity. He never did believe that the hatred of the two countries was immortal on the contrary, he believed that the day had now arrived w-hen their friendship might be regarded as lasting as their former enmity was supposed' to be. (Cheers.) Sir MOSrE sMo\TErroRE seconded the resolution, which was unanimously adopted. The list of subscriptions was then read by M1r. Bennoch (for which see advertisement). hlr. Trr, MP., moved, and *lr. Alderman WIRE seconded, a vote of thanks to the Lord Mayor for the use of the Egyptan-hall, and for his kindness in taking the chair. The vote was carried by acclamation. The LORD MAyor. (who was received with loud cheers) aclmowledged the compliment, and expressed his pride and gratification in seeing himself surrounded. not only by all the principal merchants and bankers of the city of Lndon, but by therepresentativesof the House of Peers and House of ..ommons, who, with one accord, had expressed the language of sympathy for their friends, neighbours, and allies. His Lordship announced that the subscriptions already amounted to nearly 5,0001., and he invited gentlemen to suabscribe early, as he was anxious to make a remittance to Paris that night. The meeting, which, notwithstanding the shortness ofthe notice, was very fnuly attended, then broke up. THE COASTGUARD Esmns,sBID T, LOiDON.- The Controller-General of the Coastgnard in the Customhouse has 1,0001. per annum, and the Deputy-Controller 5001. Tnere are in the London superintending establishment-i prinncial clerk at 550!., 1 principal assistant-clerk at 360!., 2 clrks of the Ist class at from 2601. to 3201., 3 clerks of the 2d class at from 2101. to 2501., 3 clerks of the 3d class at from 1601. to 2001., 5 clerks of the 4th clase at from 1101. to 150L, and 5 clerks of the 5t.h class at from 80. to 100l. There are, besides, a superintendent of cruisere repairs at 300!., and an extra clerkl at OR -Cill rice azate.
Pi on (At LONDON GAZETTE of Friday, June 13. FPFRlREIN-OFF[CE. MAY 30. The Queen has been graciously pleasedto appoint Richard a Levine Swift, Esq., now Her Majesty's Consul at Buffalo, to be Her Majesty's Consul at Riga. The Queen has also been pleased to appoint JIlian B.Wil. lianis, Esq., now British Vice-Consul at Seville, to be Her Majesty's Consul at Seville. DOWNING-STREET, Jurxc 11. Ihe Queen has beent pleased to appoint Samuel Chipman, Esq., to be Financial Secretary for the provmice of-Nova Scotia. BOARD OF TRADE, WHITEHALL, Ju.NE 11. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Ce(nittee of Privy C'ouncil forTrade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a despatch from Her -Majesty's Consul at Naples, reporting that the export duty on Neapolitan oils has been reduced to 51. 1s. 4d. per imp)erial trun COU1RT OF QUEEN'S BENCH. Trinity Term, 1nth Victoria, June 12, 18.6. This Court wil on Friday the 20th, and Saturday the 21st daLys of June inst., hold sittings, and wvill at such sittings proceed in disposing of the business then pending in the special paper and newv trial paper, also in disposing of such motions and applications, if any, as shall b e then pending, and nhich the Court shaU give leave to be brought on at the said sittings, and will also hold a sitting on Thursday, the 3d day of July next, and will at such sitting give judgment in cases previously argued. BYTECOURBT. WHITEHALL, JNi-E 6. The Right Hon. Sir John Jervis, Knight, Lord Chief Justice of Her Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, at Westminster, has appointed Richard Jackson, of Chorley, in the county of Lancaster, gentleman, to he one of the per. !etual Commissioners for taking the acknowledgments of deeds to he executed by married women, under the act passed for the abolition of fines and recoveries, and for the substitution of snore simple modes of assurance, in and for the county of Lancaster. POSTAGES BETWEEN GREA&T BRITAIAN AND EGYPT. By a Treasury warrant dated June 6 inst. it is ordered that on every letter not exceeding loz. in weight transmitted between the United Kingdom and Egypt there shall be ch.tred a uniform rate of 6d. If transmitted between Egypt and Her Majesty's colonies or any foreign conntry through the United Kingdom, a rate of 6d., and also such additional rate of postage as shall from time to time be charged for British postage or letters posted or delivered at the port in the United Kingdom of the departure or arrival of the ship conveying the same, and transmitted direct between such port and any such colony or foreign country. On letters not exceedin- loz. a postage of Is.; not exceeding 2oz., 2s. ; not exceehing 3oz., 3-.; not exceeding 4oz., 4s.: above 4oz. two additional rates of postage, every fractioni of an oz. above 4oz. to be charged as an oz. This wvarrant is to come into operation on the 1st of July next. WAR DEPARTMFNT, PALI-MAL., JuNE 13. Corps of Royal Engineers. icut.-Gen. SirCharles Felix Smith. K.C.B., tobe CoL-Commandant, vice General George iright, decersed. 2d Regiment of Dragoons.-Lieut. Lenox Prendergast to be Capt. IT purchaze. vice Ed. wardas, who retires. 4th IAght Dragoons.-Thomas Htarlinu- Ames, gent., to be Cornet, by urehasce, vice Rtoxburgh, who has retired. 31th Light Dragoons.-Daniel Shaw Stewvart, gent.. to be Cornet, by ru=cbaze, vice Potns, promote(d 15th Light Dragoons.-Thomas Marsh Horfall, gent., tobe Cornet, IS pirchase, vice Bell, promotted 5th Regiment of Foot.-Lient. AVilliam Nugent tobe Capt., bypurchase, vice Brevet-NMajor Charles B. Vane, wvho retires. 15th Foot.-Capt. Johnson Wilkinson to be Instructor of Musketry. 23d. Foot.-ILieut. Thomnas Scoveli Bigge to be Capt ,without purchase, vieL John, deceased. 24th Foot.-Assist.-Surg. Joseph Sawyers, MI.D., from the 22d Foot. to be 6ssist.-Surg., vice Thompson, promoted on the Staff. 11th Foot.-Capt. Henry T. valker, to be Instructor in Musketry. 5A1 Foot.-Ensi;n Jobn Mle-r, to be Lieut., by purchase, vice WaltOn promoted; Pobert Hlolt Truell, gent., to be Ensign, bypurchase, vice Tiller. EQthFoot.-Capw. Astill Thomas velsh to be Instruetor of Musketry. Slt Foot.-Capt. John ArthurGildea to be Major, withoutpurchase, vice Boughey. deceased Lieut. Wiliam Egerton Todd to be Capt.. withlot purch.ase. vice C'ildea, Ensi-n Daniel Weir to be Lieut., without purchase, vice Todd; Lieut. Johns WVilkinson to be Adjt., vice Tood, promoted. 5Sth Foot.-Capt. VilLiam Croker to be Instructor of Musketry. Rifle Brigade.-Capt. James Rowlesto be Instructor of Musketry. lit West India Regiment.-En,ign Alfred A James to be Lient., by r-archase, vice Henderson, whose promotion, by purchase, on the 13th of Februry, 1815. hasbeen cancelled. Id West Indla Reiment.-Ensign Valter3B. Pugh to be Lieut., by uarchase, vice hIecher, who retires. Cape Mounted Ritlemnen.-Edward Yard Brabant, gent., to be EnEign, by purchase, vice Simkin, who retires. STAFF. To be Instructors of Musketry to Depot Battalions Capt. Richard George Cules, Ist Foot. Capt. Spencer G. A. Thursby. Ist Foot. Capt J. Lewis Philipp3,89th Foot. ROYAL MILITARY ASYILU3. Thomaas Graham tBalfour. 3ED.. Surg. of the Royal M1ilitary Asylum arat litaff-Surg. of the Second Class, to have the rank of Staff-Surg. of the F irst Class. PROVISIONAL BATTAITON (Chatham). Cart Wiliham Nott. of the 53d Foot, to be Instructor of Musketry. SCEIOOL OF MUSKETRY (Hythe). Tne appointment of Capt. Astill Thomas Welsh, E0th Foot, to be Capt. Instructor, as stated< in the " Gazette " of the 6th of June, 155 has been cancelled. C AVALRY DEPOT (Maidstone). Brevet-afaor Charles Augustus Meyer has been permitted to retire from the appointment of ridingmaster upon a special mliMtary allowance. HOSPITAL STAFF. Acting-Assist.-Surg. Edward'Nason has ceased to do duty, there being to longer occasion for his services. BREVET. The undernientioned officer, having completed three years' actual service in the ranlc of Lieutenant-Colonel, to te promoted to be Colonel in the Army Licut.-Col. George Campbell, 52d Foot. Major Lewis Charles Au-gustus Meyer. retired upon a military allovr , rc e, to be Lient.-Col. in tih Army, the rank being honorary only. Brevet-Major William Friend Hopkins, Royal Marines, to be ieut.- Col. in the Army. A,sist.-Snug. A. F. Ferguson, to have the local rank of Sm,.. while 3 tached to the Turkish Contingent, vice Paton, resigned. Assist.-Surg. W. H. F. Temple, to have the local rank of Surg. while attached to the Turkish Contiugent, vice Dee, whose services have teen discontinued. Acting-Assist.-Sarg. Ernest Edwards, to have the local ranx of Ast.-Sur-. while attached to the Turkish Contingent. V. Ceccarini. to have the local rank of Acting-Assist.-Surg. while attached to the Tllrk-ish Contingent. The surname of the officer in the 90th Foot who waMs promoted to the Brevet rank of Major, in the " Gazette" of the 6th inst., is - Tin- g,'E and not Tinley," as therein stated. COMMISSIONS Signed by the QuEEN. The Royal Ayrshire }Iles - Charles Henry James, Esq., to be Paymaster from January 12. I156, vice Roberts, resigniedL By lieP. NLJi EsTy's Comrissio:sa ERaS of IssEUrsAs cv for the County of LAN-AsuR. lotRoyal Lanarkshire Miiltia-Lient. Robert ITall MocCasland to le Capt., vice Irving; EnsignJames HamiltoniHendersontobeLceut vce McCasland. promoted. By the LOP.D-LiErTF\SAtT of fhe County of GrLOCF-SrR. and of the City and COuWty of the City of GLocEsTEPr , and of the City and County of the City of Bristol. Royal North Gleceste, Regiment of M1ilitia. Ensign Thomas Hlmmt to be Lieut, vice l'auli, apPointed to the 60th Rifes. lIke folowi-,ng appointment is substituted for that which appeared in the " Gazette" of the 30th of hMay.] By the Lo P>-L r EaAi. T of the County of ST. UFORD. 2d Regiment of i;ing's (Own Staffordshire hlilitia.-Ensigin R'obert Harson ColdUell to be Lieut., vice lIumfrey, resigned. 3Memorandum. East York Regiment of lilitia-The appointment of Joseph Edwin =ruland. gent., to be Ensign, in augmentation. dated the Ist of Jan"1115, 1E52e, as stated in the *' Gazette n of the 18th of January, 1556, has bsvn cancelled. PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED. C.. Vimot and W. J. Sivewright, Hartlepool, glass dealers.-Shaw and HaLstea. ul,lxderefiel,l, wvoollen cloth manxifactunrers.-Easton : .ul ifelmore. Leytonstone and elsewihere, veterinary surgeons.-W. 31organ and J. C ox, Cardiff. blockmakers.-1V. and J. Harcosurt, Birraingisam. brassfounders.--B. Layton and B. Pollard. blanchesterrtree. Gray's-inn.rad, carpenters.-The singield Colliery Company 3'i ngiteld, Derl,yshire, coalmasters.-GC. WlViaker aud J. Tattersall, (natbumF anrm Leston. Latrehire, farmers.-. Grant and Bro thers, Ciemoent's-court.-H. Rowve and C. 3t. Schultz, Osbemeterrace. Claphaum-road, Kennlingten, schoolnsirtresses.-WY. If. 1 -her, }L. harrison. .and 1Y. A. Sister, Standish-wiith-Lang. tree and Preston. colliers; as far as regards 11. Ifareison.-De Piston ar.d Fairman. London-street, Fenchmrch-street. shipbrokers.-The J'reserved I'nrois'on Company, Newcastle-uPon-Tyne.-E Cooper and J. Jones. Birniinga, nht us iron-otn ard Taylor, Blackburn. cotton spinners.-J. Re-ers anid J lnteley Birrmingham, pearl bultton makers.-F. P. Wlsb'on sont Co..o Rahias mrevcnass.-Ito'aer-tc, Jones, andI Co., Lirerpool1, coal merchants.- 3ILIS and Price, tate oj Adelaide-place, London-hridlge, brick mercbaats.-r. 31amell and ML Cricheoma, Oxfordt-street, ladies' oultfittecs. --J. andl J1 Smart, Brechin. manulfaeturers.-Crichton and Eadie, (;laYjOse airS Dab. arriock. patent iron tuibe makers.-Imery, IIenderroe, and Co., Lei;h amid Glasgowv, comafactors; as far as regards G. DEC;l,ARATION'S OF DIVIDENDS. :if. Lockwvood. Wa;nri.ssoeth. geocer-liret die-, of Set on Thursday, J mnelti. sad two sWoseejuent Thnursdays, at Mlr. Stansfeld's, Basing- *'.S. leehles, East Derehara,Norfolk. builder-first div.of 4s.. on Thursday, June lii, and two sub'rsequent Thursdays, at Mlr. Sta-nsfeld's, Rnsinghan-street. A. MrCacroll. Brightivi. seller of mulsical instnuments-flrst<Ulv.of 4s .. on Thursda>y. Ju1ne 59, and twvo subseaquent Thtursdays, at MNr. SinuLsfe'd's. Basng-hall.-street. J. Jones, Mlanchester, machine maker-first div. of 2s. 1'd., any TiuesFday. at Mr. Itenisaran's. Mlanchester. J. Smith. 1 .chdale.s rocer-first div. of 4s. d., anv Tuesday, at Mr. ilernarnanss 31anrchester. G. Jones arid B. Clegg, Salford, ironfondeers-fist div. of 63d., any Tucd.ray. at Mr. i-nLasanas. 21anchester. J. }'. Deane. Mlanch-:ster, narchant-first div. of 3s., any Tuesday, atMr. IHernaman's, Manchester. J. Cro,siier. 1ancelister. warehonsemnan-div. of 20s., on the separate estate, any Tuoay, at Jdr. Hernaman's. Manchester. W. Dickins>on. jtno. M1anchester. warehousemnan-irst ,liv. of 9-lCd. c. .tbe sep.arate estate. asy Tedar at MIr. }Icnnnnman's,M Manchester. D. ., W. B.. and A..J. Aeranmn, WV. Morgan, T. Holroyd, and J. N. erasnIJy,.rhnl- zrand final div. .of Is. 8'd., any Wednesday, at Mlr. T. Chari-.ssw,rtlr Nottirng2am, plnml,er-second div. of 9d., on Mon.ay nest-, areS two vibsoltu.ent MSlonmlays, at Mir. Harriss, NottirgJ; Oirncy, N,ttui-91han cruriier-sect,ddiv. of 4d..on Mondaynext, !a'tw suV .xbseluent IIonlay6, at Mr. Mlrris's, Nottingham. J- Wal:tr'Y.1:T hlonuiler m takr-second cli,. of 2s., on Monday next, '(l tsussntMnra.at 'Mr. Harrjs, Nottinghamn. H- uic1. Aslhroe. IJerbyailre, wine mnerchant-second div. of . si,, NOttinghlam.Z - and two subsequenit Mondays, at Mr. T5. Hukal,Nrtsga rcerseond. dir, of Id., on3MondLay net, an w uliqttMo.ao5 Mr. 11rmuir's, Nottingham. W.n Cumnation to 33,ensl I sronmorer-econd divr of SL (a ahitin toIs. ql.,previousy declaed) Eakere. Newc=stle ipMn-.Tysne u.y Saturday, at Mr. T. Bri. North r o r and f:ntz div. of los (in adcLi'tion tolits.. previously dmivarn., _ _tu(a,,MrBki7Nw g..st.e-upon-Ty ne. -I,ayaudy~fBkrsNw J. lIultan. Jarrow. buitdar-flrs div. of 1l0d.,any &Iurday, at Mr. Lv.kerb, 2ew-aZntle-unpou-T-ne. IAaswnsd Welib. rOrtswood, Soertthampopsn, timb~er.dles;er tosmen cterJilue 25, Jily 23. at 2 O'clock, at the LkrhnWipla' t-solidicoi-s.Uer-.Paterson, Bouvezic.street; and Mr. M1achey, Snhz'tn eflIcia;f ZsIgnee, Mr. Graham. ton; Chbarleg fOirard Back, Totteuihsamcourt-roul, grocer, men,a I dcloek, Juily 24. at 12, at the BRankrupts' Court: solicitorue 2t, at -itluzt, Greslmnanstreet; oficial assignee M1r. Bell, Coemuistn*et-ii tulluli(nge, Doag3te-street. ' * ' nn-stret_ I Henry Jonatha5n Haw kins, MiBdwanyterrae. Lower.ro adePtherii at t}e Bankrupts' C'ourt: s'oLtlor, Mr.olk Wriht, ChanemyLine; Lfl.cs-1 assignee, blr. Nicholson, llar 5ughal.sreet our I:-v.n}'isher, Itiillceex-plac. l5acxsey-zoad, oiman,June 21,at LA, sill 1SkOcIS July 25 at half-past ; ut lb.eatlikrdipt5'Court: j oliCitOr, .*r. WrNttingtoe,, Dean-street, Finsbury-square; official signee, Mr. XWhitmnre., halsinghbal-street. GeorgM Newman Dobmo, Poole. tailor June 27. July A. at ill D'Clock. st the Bankrupts' Court: ;olicitors, Messrm. Mardoa and F,rnchard, Christchurch-chambers, Newgate-street; snd M?r. Parr. POrje, Dorsetshire: otlicialassignee, Mr. Cnan. Aldermanbury. 'Aaurice Richards, Birmingham, grocer, June 27, July 18, at half?Ast ll o'clonk, at the Iirmingham District Court of Bankruptcy: soliiltor, Sr. Ree,e, Birudngham official assignee, blr. WVhitmore, Biminlgh.tm. BicherdGrisffth, Abereloch. Canarvousbire, &ndrper. June 25, July 17. at 11 o'c!ock, at the L.verpool District Court of Bankruptcy: Solicitor, Mr. Jones, PUheli: and Messs. Evans5and Son, Liverpool; official asalcaco. bSr. Turner. Liverpool. William Xoriolk. Dosmkesvilck. Yorkshire. tanner, June 27, July 25, ati11 o-lock. at the heeds District <ourt of Bankruptcy: solicitors, Messrs. Bond and Parick, Ieeds; official assignee, M?r. Young, Leeds. P.obertandl Stephea Senlor. Batley, Yorkshire. blanket manufacturer. July 1 anid 28, at 11 o'clock, at the Lee(s District Comt of Bankruptcy: solicitors, M1r. Watts, Dewsbury; and Messers Bond and Bsawick, Leeds; official assignee, M1r. Hope, Leeds. DIVIDESDS. July 7. W. Penett. argaret street, Cavendis'-square, eictuanter., July 8, JJ.Sykes, ittle Toh r-hilt. dlothierk--Jul 4, C. Haselden Wigmorestreet Cavetn-ishsetuae. booksckLeru-aJu.lyc4,edicoluard Drury-lane. grocer.-JuSy 9. lit. fsrlingtun. Wigau, mnoneyscivener._ -July 4, J.2Paooreon Manchester, laiveysaoeepr.-July 4.~Emn, latOHeno liverpool, merchant.-July 3, R. FaoX. MoJrenton-inithe EMarsh, Ooes-f torshire, irou.-onger.-July 7, R. Ogaolb, Plymouth, builder.-July 7 1. Tre,ilcock. Plymouth, bootmaker. CERTIFICATES to he granted, unless cause be show;n to the con- trary at the day of meeting. July 3,W1. Payne, Jermyn-street, St. James's, wine-merchatnt.-.. July10@, O. J. Mfare. Orchard-sand. Blac'nvaU, shipbuiSder,-July 4, r. F. Jenkins, Compton-street, Brunswvick-sqtuare. Licensed victualler. -Julsy 4, J. .Moore, .Uanchester. livery. stoblekeepcr.-uly 4, J. Owren, Satford, baker.-July 4, Rt. Orrell. Asnton-under-Lyne. chymist.-Jut; 8. C. Tucr. E. AspilaiL, and J- A\. Robinson, Bolton-le-Moors, Lancashire, machine-malsRc. EU8BTO SCOTCH SEQUESTRATION. W. Boyd, GLasgow. commission-agent, June 23, at 2 o'clock at Dowel's and Lyo4's Rooms, Edinburgh. THE CORN AVERAGES. General Weekly Average received in the week ended June 7. 156!- The Average Priac of Brown orMuscovado SwM, oemputed from the returns made in the week ending the 10th of June, exclurieoof Customs duties paid or payable thereon on the importation thereof into Great Britain. xLd. From the Britihbposeaons lunAlerlf 29 21 per a wt. From the 'daur tins ...... .. .. .. .. 30 t From the East Indies .. .3 The average price of the three foregog 32 3 ucriptioos of sugar.j ointls computed as above and. eclusive of duty, is .. .. .. 29 7; By authority of Parhiameut, H!1rIt BIcKSLL. Vierk of the Grocers' Company. Grocein'-hsIl. June 13.
MR. SMITH O'BRIEN ON GREBCE. The following letter has been addressed by Mr. Smitl O'Brien to the representative of the University at Athens:- "Athens, May 21, 1856. "Dear Sir,-Being desirous to present to the University of Athens a copy of a work in two volemes which I have recently published under the title of 'IPrinciples of Government,' I shall feel much obliged if, as representative of the University, you will cause it to be deposited in the library. "I avail myself of this opportunity of offering my thanks to the professors for having been permitted, in company with my son, to attend several lectures at the University. Although I am aware that your halls are thrown open gratuitously to all who desire to attend the different courses of instruction, I am not the less sensible of the polite cordiality with which the professors welcomed our presence. " We have observed with the greatest pleasure that in this country a most eager desire for instruction exists among all classes, and that the Government has endeavoured to encourage these tendencies by promoting the establishment of schools for primary and intermediate education, as also by aiding the resources of your University, an institution which, I believe, owes its foundation to the public spirit of enlightened and patriotic individuals. These efforts have not been unproductive of fruit, and I much doubt whether there is a town in Europe inhabited by a population commensurate with that of Athens which has made a greater progress in intellectual development. This progress is the more remarkable when it is remembered that in other countries the resources accumulated diuing past ages are brought to assist the intellectual operations of the present generation, whereas the very existence of modem Greece as a member of the European family claims no longer space of time than about a quarter of a century. " The same observation applies also to industrial development. When it is remembered that almost every town and every field in Greece was laid waste by the Turks during the war of independence, the traveller is disposed to wonder that so much has been effected in so short a time. Such at least have been my impressions, though I have per ceived with regret that some things have been left undone which might have been accomplished without much trouble or expense. "I feel it to be due to a people from whom we have experienced much kindness and hospitality to offer my testimony in refutation of some of the misrepresentations which have been circulated in Western Europe with respect to the social condition of Greece, and which describe its inhabitants as a semi-barbarous people. "Having just returned from an excursion in the northern provinces, during which my son and I rode about 300 miles unaccompanied by guards, and during which we had opportunities of conversing familiarly with men of all classes, from the nomarch to the humblest peasant, I have come to the conclusion that there is at least as much of genuine civilization, if that word be used in the proper meaning, among the simple mountaineers of Parnassus as is to be found,in the clubs of London or in the cafes of Paris. let me add that during our tour we did not see a single drunken man, and were solicited for alms by only one beggar, a cripple without hands. I know no part of the united kingdom, or of France, respecting which a stranger could make a similar observation. " That brigandage exists in parts of Greece, and specially in that part of the country through which we have recently travelled, is a fact which cannot be denied. Causes which lie beyond the control of the wisest statesmen have at various times occasioned outbreaks of this social disease; but, incandour, it ought to be observed that the greater part of Greece is as free as other portions of Europe from this calamity, and that great energy is at present directed towards its total suppression in those sections of the country in which it still exists. " The misrepresentations to which I allude have been occasioned, in great measure, by the proceedings which took place in connexion with the insurrectionary movements of Thessaly and Epirus in 1854. I am not prepared to contend that those proceedings were consistent witla political wisdom. They placed the Greek nation in antagonism with the two most powerful States of Western Europe, at a moment when those States were closely allied with Turkey. "But, whatever mayhave been the motives of individuals, there can be no doubt that a great majority of the Greeks who took part in that movement were animated solely by a passionate desire, highly honourable to those who entertained it, to rescue their fellow-countrymen now resident in the Turkish dominions from that cruel oppression of which their own fathers had so long been victims. Had this movement taken place at a more favourable moment, it would probably have been hailed with enthusiastic approbation by the public opinion of Europe. "Believing that the Hellenic race still possesses those heroic and civil virtues for which their ancestors were distinguished; believing, also, that the various elements of which it consists are destined to form hereafter one great and combined nation, I should feel disposed, if I were a Greek, to make little account of undeserved reproaches. On the other hand, sound policy appears to suggest that Greek patriotism should abide the progress of events and avoid external collisions, while, in themeantime, it should cultivate to the utmost all the resources, material, moral and intellectual, with which your country has been so richly endowed by Providence. In the performance of these honourable duties the University which you represent naturally bears an important part. With best wishes for the success of its noble functions, I have the honour to be faithfully yours, "WlVILLIAM SMITH O'BRIEN. "To M1. Pillicas, Representative of the Universitv."
REMONSTRANCES OF ENGLAND AND FRANCE WITH TIlE KING OF NAFLEs.-A letter from Paris to the Artgst61r Gaz<:cO contains the foUowing :-" I am in a measure able to inform you of the authentic contents of the note addre-sed by France and England to the Neapolitan Government. The object of this note is to prevail on the King of Naples to place some limit on the arbitrary character of hiis administration of penal justice since the events of 1848; in a word, the reforms recommended by the Western Cabinets ate solely those connected with judicial matters. These Cabinets declare that their diplibmatic intervention on this poirt is prompted by the necessity of preserving the tranquility of Europe, menaced by the fermentation which exists in the kingdom of N; aples, and spreads over the whole peninsula. Although this note has not the character of an iltiawteun, yet it clearly implies that, in the event of no attention being paid to the counsels of the Western Powers, the latter may be prompted to recall their Ministers, and to replace them by Charges d'Affaires. 'What leads to the hope that this step will prove successful is the fact that Austria agproves the measures adopted by the Western Powers. It was in consequence of the near relationship existing between the two Courts that the Austrian Cabinet did not present an identical note to that of France and England, although it approved the principle whichtheirs advocated. The Aushtian M1inister at Naples has received orders to urge strongly the true sentiments of the Court of Vienna without concealasent; and to add that hitherto Austria has not adopted aD attitude of friendly intervention to lessen the complications between the Court of Naples and the Western Powers; but tkat, if the Neapolitan Government does not facilitate the nentral position of Austria by wise concessions, the latter will b6 conpelled to place bepr-lf on thle side of the allies."3
PARLIAMENTARY INTBLLTGENCE. EOUSE OF LORDS, FDrY, JUNE 13. The LORD Cr5A.lNcELLoR took his seat on the woolsack at 5 o'clock. THE IRISH MILITIA. The Earl of DONOUGHBORE, in rising to put a question respecting this force, expressed a hope that it would not be disembodied until the harvest was fully commenced. The month of July was generally termed starvation month, and it was certain that, if disembodied before there was any demand for labour in the country, much distress would be occasioned among these men. One point in connexion - with this subject was, he thought, worth the consideration of the Government. It was well known that the relations between this courntry and the United States were not at this moment in so satisfactory a state as could be wished, and, -while nothing was more to be deprecated than a war be-. tween the two nations, he looked upon it as excessively injudicious to disband the Irish militia regiments at a moment when a rupture was even possible. The 17,00 men who composed the Irish militiawere drawn exclusively from that class of the population in the sister country w,hich had furnished such vast numbers of emigrants to the United States. Of these militiamen there was scarcely one who had not friends in that country, and, if disbanded now, it was to be apprehended that a very large proportion would emigrate to the States. He thought heshould not be overstatin,g the case whenhe said it was probable that out of these 17,000 men very nearly 10,000, if the force was disembodied, would, in the course of the, next twvo months, join their friends in the United States. It that were the case, and if there were any dang:er of a rupture wiith America, he did thinsk it worth while considering whether .a little additional expense in keeping these regilments together would not be v.eUl laid out. We had been training these soldiers and rendering them efficient for the defence of the country, but ifwe disanded them, and war should break out with America, many of these men would, in the nature of things, be found in our enemy's country-perhaps fighting in her ranks against us. The noble lord (Panmure), in answering aquestion put to him the other night, informed their lordships that the disembodiment of the German Ilegion had been for the present suspended, with a view to sending this force to colonize the Cape of Good Hop?e. NZow, he did not knowvwhat peculiar service the German Legion had rendered to the Clrown to entitle them to such great consideration, but at did strike him as extraordinary that sO great a favour should be shown to a body of foreign mercenaries, who had not had the opportunity of distinguishing themselves in any way, that these men should be sent at the expense of the Crown to one of our colonies;* that their interests should be looked after while the Queen's ow;n subjects' embodied in the Irish militia were dismissed with nothing but their pay, at a moment w hen the labour-market w as so overstocked as at present. He wished therefore to ask the noble lord whether it wcas the intention of the Government to disembody any large portion of the Irish militia before the harvest ? Lord PANMURE said that the noble lord appeared to imagine that it was intended to adopt a course with regard to the Irish militia different from that adopted with regard to the Scoteh and English militia; but such w.as by no means the case- He could see no reason why the Irish militia should not be disembodied on the same principle as the English and Scoteh militia. In Engiand, w here regimnents had been disembodied, the men had left their standards perfectly satisfied, and, practically speaking, had been very generally absorbed in the labour-market. With reference to the Irish militia-he did not apprehend that its disembodiment would give rise to emigration to any thing like the extent anticipated by the noble earL. It was somewhat unconstitutional to maintain a large force of militia embodied in tune of Peace; but, at the same time, in disembodying the milhtia it was necessary to have regard to the condition of the country and the state of the labour-market. He could only add that it was the intention of the Government, using the necessary precaution, to disembody the Irish militia as speedily as possible, and on the same principle as the militia of England and Scotland. lie might remind the noble earl that he had mentioned on a previous occasion that, when the foreign troops were engaged, it was held out to them as an inducement to enlist that they would be conveyed free of expense to one of the colenies at the close of the war, The ,Marquis of CILANNICARDE thought that there was a distinction between the Irish militia and the Englisb militia, inasmuch as the English militia was raised in time of peace, thanks to the measure of the noble earl opposite (the Earl of Derby), while the Irish militia was raised in haste in a time of war. The subject then dropped. OUJR RELATIO.NS WVITH THE UNITED STATES. The Earl of DERBY.-In consequence, my lords, of the very serious character of the intelligence said to have been received within the last few days, and of the critical state of our relations with the Uinited States of America, I shall abstain from offering any comment upon the question which I feel it my duty to put to Her Majesty's Government, and I hope that in so doing I shall meet with the approbation of your lordships. The question which I wish to put to the noble earl the Secretary for Foreign Affairs is whether, in the last few days, the Government have received any official information from the American ambassador to this Court of the intention of the Government of the UJnited States to suspend all diplomatic intercourse with this country by dismissing Mr. Crampton and withdrawing the exequaturs fromthethreeBritishconsuls? Iwishto know, also,whether, if there were any such communication, it was made in writing; and, if so, whether Her M1ajesty's Government object without delay to lay that communication before Parliament? I wish, also, to know whether, in the event of such a comamumication having been received, Her MIajesty's Government are prepared to state to Parliament the course which they intend to advise Her Majesty to pursue ? The Earl of CLAtE^NDON.-Mfy lords, in reply to the question of the noble earl, I have to state that the day before yesterday MIr. Dallas, the American Minister at this Court, communicated to me a despateh from his Govern. ment, in which it was stated that the assurances given by Her MIajesty's Government were satisfactory as regarded the fact of no instrnctions having been sent and of no intention having existed on the part of this Government in any way to violate or infringe the law of the U:nited States. The answer given to Mr. Dallas with respect to Mr. Crampton and our consuls was net, however, equally satisfactory, and it appeared that they were still to be considered as representatives unacceptable to the Government of the United States. The President had therefore determined upon sending Mr. Crampton his passports, and wlithdrawning the exequaturs from the three consuls, The despatch was read to me by Mr. Dallas, and a copy of it has been furnished to me, but Her Majesty's Government have not yet finally determined upon the course which they will recommend Her Majesty to pursue. As soon as they have arrived at a final determination lit will he their duty to lay a copy of the despatch on the table of the house, and to aunounce to Parliament the decision to which they have come. I think it right also to mention that MAr. Dallas, at the same time, in communicating to me another despateh relating to questions with regard to Central America, informed me that Mr. Mlarcy stated that there were certain points ulpon which it was possible that the arbitration of a third Power might he usefully resorted to, hut, at the same time, his opinion was that the whole question might be settled by direct negotiation. POLICE (COUNTIES AND BOROUGHS) BILL. lLord PAtNMUItE, in rising to move the second reading of this hilU, stated that the subject wvas one in which he bad formerlytaken a great deal of interest. When the original bill was introduced, in 1839, it had been ieis duty, as UnderSecrehry of State for the Home Department, to pay a considerable amount of attention to the question, and he had himself introduced the bill of 140, so that he was not altogether wfithout some knownledge of the bearings of the case. At present, the adoption of the acts of 1839 and 1840 was entirely optional. He believed that they were now in operation over about one-half of the area and amont one-hale the population of England and Wales. In the other half of the kingdom the old system of parish constables still prevailed. It might have been supposed that after a lapse of 10 or 17 years the more improved system of police provided for by those acts would have been more generally adopted; bet, although that had not been the case, he believed that it v.as admitted that where they had been applied the most beneficial effects had resulted, and that in no part of the country where they had been onc adopted bad they ever been abandoned. In the year 1853 the whole subject was referred to a committee of thne House of Commons. That committee wvent with great care into an examination of al the faets connected with the administration of the rural police, and the members unanimously concurred in coming to a resolution to this effect :-that the appointment of district constables under the Rul!ral Police Act had failed to provida suchX a general and uniform constabulary force as was essential for the prevention of crime throughout hue conutry hut that wherever the system had been adopted it had succeeded beyond expecttionf The committee then agreed to the folowing declaratory resolution "That it is, in the opinion of this comimittee, most desirable that legislative measures should be introtduced vithout delay by Her Majesty's Government, rendering thle adoption of an efficient police force on an uniform principle imperative throughout Great Britain." It was for these reasons that the present bill had been sub- mitted to Parliament. It differed from the measure of 1840 mainly in this respect, that, whereas the act of 1S40 had been permissive, this bill was to be compulsory; and when their lordships considered the changes which had taken place in the matter of punishments in this country, more especially witis reference to the ticket-of-leave system, which cast a large class of the criminal population upon the community, he thought they would admit that it was clearly a matter of national importance that there shouldbhe established throughout the length and breadth of the country such a system of police as should afford an efficient protection to life and property. The bill which he had the honour to propose did not in any way interfere with the management of the police by the local authorities incounties and boroughs. It ad been introduced in the other house of Parliament, and he was happy tothink, from the manner in which it had been received there, that it was by no means regarded as a political or party measure. It bad been carried by the immense majority of 153 votes; *an in the same lobby might have been seen both the Secretary of State fori the H;ome Department, under the present Government, andJ the right hon. gentleman who had so wbell administered the duties of that office under the noble earl opposite. l parties, therefore, with some singular exceptions, seemedi to be agreed that the time had comPe when the adoption of the Rural Constabulary Act should be made compulsory and universaL [The noble earl then briefly describel the details of the measure, observingthat, if there were anyobjectionsto them, they might more conveniently be discussed at a fature stage.] The bill was by no means perfect, but it was a great itmiprovement upon thepresent system, and,by leading to the more speedy detection of crime, would extend to- all classes that protection for life and property which it was the duty of every well regulated Govermnnent to provide. The noble lord concluded by moving that she bill benowvra a second time. The motion was agreed to without discussion. PAIVATE BILLS. On the motion of Lord RinDESuaL, a committee of five lords, with the Chairman of Committees, was appointed, "to, whom the chairman may refer any provision in a private, hill duringthe present session, either before or after the report of such hll,X on which he may think it desirable that the House should have a report from such committee before the passing of the bill; three to he a quorum." The following noble lords were selected to formthe committee :-The Duke of Somerset, the Earl of Stradbroke. the Earl of Colchester, Lord Portman, and Lord Stanley of Alderley. The Pawnbrokers Bill, the IMercantile law Amendment Bill, and the Mercantile Law -Amendment (Scotland) Bill were respectively read a third time and passed. The Whichwood Forest Bill passed through committee. The County Courts Amendment Lill was read a third time and passed. The House adjourned, at 10 minutes after 6 o'clock.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, FREDAY, JuNx 13. The SPEAKER took the chair at 4 o'clock. PRIVATE BUSINESS. The Londonderry and Ennisldllen Railway Bill, the London Printing and P'ublshing Company Bill, the Salisburymarket Branch Railway and hfarket-houseBiUl,theWemand Bronygarth Roads Bill, and the Lewes, Eastbourne, and Hailsbam Road Bill were respectively read a. third time and passed. PETITAIONS. Sir J. GRAHA M presented a petition, numerously signed by the clergy, magistrates, and iulluential inhabitants of the cornty of Camberland, setting forth the demoralizing effects of the present state of the law of marriage in Scotland as affecting English subjects, and praying the House to pass a law to put an end to the existing evils. Petitions from.union medical officers, praying for a redress of grievances, were presented by l&r. BUJTLER, from the Whitechapel Union; and. by2,Ir. RAicESx, to the same effect, from the township of Leeds. Petitions wvere also presented-hby Sir E. PERRY, from Manchester, andfromCuthbert Taylor, Caroline Taylor. and others, praying for an amendment in the law of property as it affects married wvomen; by MIr. MfruEs, from the Rev. H. MIirehouse, Chairman -of the Union of Bodminster, against a certain clause of the Poor Law Amendment BilD, and praying that an appeal may be given against auditors' cecrsions to the Court of Quarter Sessions at the expense of the union; also from certain parishioners of Rodney Stoke against the abolition of church-rates without an equivalent; by Sir JAaMsx kA3EnxsoN, from a public meeting of the citizens of Glasgow in favour of the Education (Scotland) Bill; by Mr. M1. SierrI, from the Poor Law Guardians of the Dartford Union, Kient, against tbe Scoteh and Irish Paupers Removal Bill; by MIr. BELL, from Plais tow and MWaiden, in favour of arhitration as a means of settling international disputes;- by Mr. HA~DPIRLn, from the chairman and secretary of the Comnmittee of Friends of Voluntary Education, London, .agaist the bill for the appointment of a vice-president of the Committee of Council on Education; by Sir J. DUxE, from the inhabitants of Thavies-inn, Holborn, praying that the treasurer be named overseer thereof in the Poor-law Amendment Bill, and also from the WVard of Queenhithe against the London Corporation Bill; by Mr. IL BUTT, from the inhabitants of Youghal, praying for the abolition of the punishment of death; from the operative bleachers of Brechin, in the county of Forfar, complaining that the systematic long hours of work are sinking the workpeople into moral and physical degradation and praying for a *hort-time biUl; and from the operative bleachers of Dougas, in the county of Forfar, to the same effect; by M hr J.IILIGAK, from the Chamber of Commerce, Bradford, in favour of a reduction of dutics uponwine;- by Mr. PELLIAT, from the inmates of the county gaol of Cardigan, the city gaol of Manchester, the Devon County Prison, and the Hiertford county gaol, praying for an assismi'ation of the laws of bankruptcy and insolvency, and for the :bolition of imprisonment for debt upon just terms between | ebtor and creditor; by Sir J. TROI,LOPE, from the AssociIation of Mledical Officers of Unions, under the Poor Law ! Lenment Act, praying that the resolutions of the committee of the House of Commaons in 1S54 may be carried Iinto effect; also from the Grantham board of Euadiaus, |praying the House not to assent to the bill of the Poor L3w Board relating to the election of district auditors; by Mr. IG. DUFF, from the provost, magistrates, and town-council !of the Royal burgha of 13gu nfavour of the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill, and te Eucation in Burghs (Scotland) Bill; by Mr. CARnsir, from Belfast, for the abolition !of capital punishment, from the Synod of Belfast, against the Sale of Spirits (Ireland) BiUl; from the Presbytery of I Baubridge, for extending to Ireland the lForbes Mackenzie Act; by HUJGHES, from the inhabitants of PwUlheli, Carnarvonshire, praying for certain improvements in the County Courts Act;- by Captain STUARBT, from the members and friends of the Protestant Association against Maynooth College;t by Mr. KTNNIED, from the Dissenting ministers resident in Perth, against the bill for making provision for education 'within the burghs in Scotland; and by Mrr. TITE, from the owners and occupiers of freestone quarries in the neighbourhood of the city of Bath against the Rating of Mines Bill, and praying to be heard by counsel against its provisions. SAVINGS BANKS. Captain D. O'CONZNELL asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer whether he intended to bring in a bill this or early next session for the betterregulationof savings-bank-a? The CliNCELIX)R of the ~EXCHEQUJEa said, the hon getleanappeared to intimate by his question that itwsdsrble the subject of savings-banks should be considered with a view to future legislation, and he quite agreed with him. He would not, however, promise to intraduce a bill in the p resent session, as there would be very little prospect of its being passed. (Hear, hear.) -THE RIOTS AT MALTA. Captain O'CONNELL asked the Secretary of State for the Colonies, whether he would lay on the table any correspondence that had ta7ken place between the Government at home and the authorities at Malta, relative to the riots there, in'which the Italian Legion were concerned and a police director murdered 1 MEr. LABOUlCHERlE said, that at p resent it was not convenient that the correspondence should be laid on the table of the house. CONvICT HUJLKS. The MTarquis of BLADFORD begged to ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department whether the present system of imprisoning convicts in hulk ships in the naval arsenals was occupying his attention, and whether there was any intention of assimilating the accommodation for prisoners in those places to the more modern convict establishments of the country? Sir G. GREY said, the subject had been under consideration for some time, and great progrecs had been made in the substitution of prisons on laud for the hulk system. There wias a p|rison abmost ready at Chatham, which would render the two hulks at Woolwich unnecessary. There were only tw o other hulkis, which 'were used for invalid convicts, and measures were being taken to find a site and erect a p risen to receivemivalid prisoners. In that case there would be no hulks used for the reception of convicts. MIARINE OFFICERtS. Colonel BUJCK, at the request of Colonel Boldero, put the following curiously worded question --" To ask the FiSrst Lord of the Atdmiralty that as, since the peace was ratified, upwards of 60 naval offlcers of every rank under that of flag officer have been promoted, why no officers of the Royal Uarines have been noticed ; and while, on the 6th day of June, 1850, 28 majorsand91captains of the army have received brevet rank, no marine officer has been included: and, if the marine force employed in the Baltic and Black Sea have done their duty to their Sovereign and country, if it was his opinion they should be excluded from favourable consideration 1" Sir C. WOOD saiud, he had no difflculty whatever in answering the question, but although the observation did not apply to the hon. and gallant member (Colonel Buck), he did not think this was quite the form in which questions ought to be put. (Hear, hear.) It was not quite fair for the hon. and gaiLant officer (Colonel Boldero) to insinuate blame without taking the trouble to ascertain the facts. The marine force had done their duty. It was not hs opinion that they should be excluded fromn favourable consideration, and they had not been ex;cluded from favourable consideration, as a short statement would show. It was not a fair mode -of stating the question-that " as so many offlcers in the army hadreceived brevet rank, ac. Brevet rank was no test of merit. It might happen that officers in the army would not receive, and that marine offlcers would receive, brevet rank, or rice rcorsd,bccause brevet rank depended on the services performed by individual officers, and had not the slightest reference to the numbers engaged in the campaign. But in point of fact, for services in the Baltic, eight and for services in the Black Sea, 10 marine officers had received brevet rank. Eighteenofficers of marineshadthereforo received brevet rank for their services during the last twro years, and if the number of officers employed, the nature of the service, and the greater opportunities which officers in the army had of distinguishing themselves were taken into account, he thought the marine corps had no ground of Icomplaint. (Hear, hear. ) THIE ITALIAN LEGION. Captain O'CONNELIL begged to ask the UJnder-Secretary for WNar whether it was true that the Italian Legion were doing, or about to do garrison duty at ,Ualta, and what was to be their ultimate destination or disposition 2 Mr. PEEL had heard from private sources that since the beginning of the month the Italian Legion had done garrison duty in part of the town of Valetta. The legion w ould be disbanded. He understood one-half would return to the territories of the King of Sardinia, being Sardinians. With regard to the remainder, they would be asked whether they would go to an English colony or return to Italy. Ir they 'wished to go to Italy, application woulld be made to their respective Governments to permit them to do so. OURB RELATIONS WVITH AMIERICA^. Mr. DISRAELL-I would now make that inquiry of the noble lord which I was prevented by his absence from making yesterday. I wonld ask the noble lord whether information has now reached him that diplomatic relations between Her Mrajesty's Minister at Washington and the Government to which he was accredited have ceased ? Whe. ther, also, the noble lord has learnt that the rxequatusr has been withdrawn from several of Her Majests consuls in the I Initod States? And, if this information be true, whether . 1he noble lord is prepared to inform the House what course Her Majesty's Government are ready, under these circimnst&ncesw to take? ( Hear, hear.) -Lord PALMEESTON.-My -noble friend at thi head of the Foreign Depaitmerit received late 'on the evening of the day before yesterday, frommrMr. Dallas, two despatches addressed to Mr. DaUas by Mfr. Marcy, -the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs in-the. Tmited States-one upon the subject- of the recraiting question. the other upon the subject of Central American affairs The question of the right hon. gentleman relates to tbe first, and I shall confine my statement, to that. It resulted from that despatch that the United States' Government, although perfectly satisfied with the explanation offered by Her Majesty's Government and conveyed by Lord Clarendon. with regard to the course which Her Majest's Government had purnued, and although they demied that explanation as perfectly settling the question as far as the Government was concerned, nevertheless, for reasons. which they allege, andupon documents of which they senqd copies, they donot expressthemselves equally satisfied with regard to the course pursued by Her Majesty's Minister-ait Washington and the three consuls, at CincinnatL Philadel: phia, andNew York; and they expressed to lMr. Dallas, for communicationto Her Majesty's Government,theirintention to deliver passports to Mr. Crampton, and to revolke-which. of course every Government has a right to do-the exsuutur of those three consuls. With regard to the course which Her Majesty's Government deem it right to take on matter so important as that, the right hon. gentleman and the House will feel that antil the Government have had an opportunity of giving full consideration to all the circamstances it cannot be expectedI should say anything farther.' (Hesr? hear.) Mr. IL BAILLIE.-I wish to ask the noble lord whether hewillfLxadayon which'I can bring on the motion of which I have given notice ? The Army Estimates are fixed for Monday. I am not disposed to interfere with the Army Estimates if the noble lord will fLx a day when the discussion may take place; and if he is disposed so to do, perhaps he wil previously lay on the table the despatch of Mr. Marcy to which he has referred. If the noble lord is not disposed to name a day, there will be no other course for me but to bring on'the motion on Monday next. Lord PALMERSTON.-I desire to give every reasonable accommodation to the hon. gentleman. Therefore, if it does not suit him to bring on his motion on Monday, when the Army Estimates are proposed, he shall have his choice of Thursday or Friday. Mr. ML GIBSON.-I understood the noble lord to state that Mfr. DaUas made a communication to the Govermnent with reference to the Central American question as well as jthe recruiting question. May I ask the noble lord whether he feels at liberty to inform the House whether any answer is contained in that communication to tile proposal to sabmit the Central American question to arbitration; or whether he will state what is the nature of the second communication? lord PALMERSTON.-It woula be necessary to enter into details to give any minute explanation of that point. The general tenour of the communication is, that the United States' Government think the main parts of the question can best be settled by direct communication between the two Governments. Mr. H. BATITLE.-As the noble lord has been good enough to allow me to name the day, I will say Thurs. day. Lord PALMERSTON.-I hopo the hon. gentleman wil give us notice of what he means to move. Mr. IL GIBSON.-In case of direct negotiation failing, does the American Government refuse arbitration ? LordPALMERSTON.-There is no refusal of arbitration. Mr. IADFI2ELD.-I wish to ask the noble lord whether, before any decisive step is taken, the opinion of this House will be taken on the subject? Lord PALMERSTON.-The practice of the Governments of this country, acting upon their own responsibility (cheers), is to take the course which they may think right. (Hear.) Mr. C. HNDMEY.-As the packet goes to-morrow to the ,'nited States, are the Government lik-elyto send an answer to the despatch by it? Lord PAL.MERSTO0N made a remark which was inaudible. Mr. DISRAELL-I was about to ask another quesion when an hon. member interfered. I may be allowed to express a hope that the noble lord will place the despatches on the table before this debate takes place. Lord PALMERSTON.-That will depend on the manner in which the Government may reply to the despatches. LordJ. RUSSELL.-I wish to say a few words with reference to the statementof my noble friend at the head of the Government. It appears from my noble friend's statement, that Her Majesty's Minister at Washington has been furnished with his passports and desired to leave America; that Mr. Dallas, the American Minister at this Court, has been furnished with instructions with regard to certain points connected with the Central American question, upon which it is desired that direct negotiation should take place betweenthe two countLies ; and that with regard to other points an arbitration wil be agreed to. I do not wish at all to find fault with my noble friend for not giving further information to the House, but I think this is a most critical state of afairs, and that the House ought to have some information with respect to it. (Hear.) I do not now propose to ask my noble friend any question, as he has stated that the Government have not decided upon the course they will take; but I shall think- it my duty on Monday, before the House enters upon the consideration of the army estimates, to ask my noble friend for some explanation of the counrse which the Government propose to adopt. It is not perhaps desirable that this House should require any discussion to take place upon these subjects. Although it would be somewhat of a surrender of the privileges of the House, I can conceive that circumstances may be such that aU dIscussion and explanation ought to be avoided; but I canmot but perceive that while the House is silent upon these subjects they have been tal;en up by the newspapers, and that'articles have appeared in some of those newspape:s rather calculated to give the Americans an impression highly unfavourable to the continuance of peace between the two countries. (Hear, hear.) Now, I am so persuaded that this House and the whole nation earnestly desire the continuance of peace (cheers), that I think it is most desirable that my noble friend should take an early opportunityof stating the views of the Government. IshalD, therefore, on Monday next, before the House goes into Committee of Supply, ask my noble friend what course the Government intend to pursue with regard to Ur. Dallas, the American Minister at this Court, and whether the negotiations proposed by the American Government will be entered into by Her Majesty's Government ? PUBLIC AND PRIVATE BILLS. Mr. BRADY wished to ask the Speaker how the bill introduced by him to regulate the spirit trade of Ireland became a private bill, by his having altered and confined its operation to the Dnblin Metropolitan Police District, when. on the other hand, the Dablin PoEce BiU now before the House was a public bill? The SPEAKER said that, according to the practice of Parliament, a bill having a special local operation was considered a private biUl. Thelhon. memberhaving eonfined the operation of his biU to Dublin, it therefore became a private measure. A police bill, when brought in by the Government, was always, upon grounds of public policy, treated as a public bilL The hon. member's bill, if it were confined to the city of Dublin, would be a private bil ; but if its operation were extended to the counties adjoining it became a public bil. Mr. BRADY said, his bill applied to the metropolitan district of Dublin, and he wished to know whether, under such circumstances, his bill was a private or a public bill? The SPEAKER.-I am not prepared to say what the extent of the metropolitan district of Dublin is. (" Hear," and a laugh.) THE AR?dY ESTL'dATES. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER gave notice that the army estimates woulrd be taken on londay. Mr. WILSON moved that the House, at its rising, adjourn until Monday. THE HEALTH OF OFFICERS. Sir S. NORTHCOTE wished to ask the Under-Secretary for Tar, whether an officer having served in the army more than three years, and being compelled to retire in consequence of il health contracted on duty, vwas not entitled to have his case referred to a medical board for examination, wilth a view to his being placed on the half-pay establishmeat . Mr. PEEL said, his reply to the question was in the affirmative. RETURN OF TROOPS FROM THE CRIMUEA. Lord A. VAINE TEMPEST wished to ask the First Lord of the Admiralty the reason why so long a delay had taken place before employing ships of war for the purpose -of carrying troops from the Crimea; and whether a correspondence from the admirals stationed both at Balaldava and Scutari had not long since been received by the Admiralty, advocating the transmission of troops by ships of war; and whether the First Lord objected to such correspondence being produced ? At the end of 31ay nob less than 50,000 French troops had been embarked from the Crimea, while only 5,000 Sardiniass and four English regiments had been conveyed from the Crimea. The Frenc had, therefore, with inferior naval resources, conveyed 50,000 more men thanwe had up to the end of XMay. He thought that the Admiralty owed some explanation as to the delay, considering the increased cost to which the country had thereby been put for keeping the English regiments in the Crimea and the militia at mlta. He understood that both Admirals Grey and Fremantle had suggeEted that men-of-war should be sentto bring our troops from the Cinmea, and had represented the danger and risk of th irbeing attaked byfeverandcholeraif theyremainn much longer in thatcountry. Sir C. WOOD said,-h,-d anwerea the first questioni. of the noble lorcl the other day. -The anzwer to thie other questions would be more conveniently given imr movi; *tha vote for the tran sport service. No such public c6rresnond ence as that to winch the noble loahrad ludedwasinist ence, but the Admirals were. certainly of opinion that. ships of war should be emploved upon -this srvice. MILTr -IRELAND). ' Colonel DUlNE asked the First Lord of the TreaSsiy whether therewas any intention? of at once disbandingth miiEtia force in 1reland? ibuigte -LordPAL iEPSTONwasaware thatthehmes tookplacas in Ireland at a later period t'a in England, -but his noble, friend the Minister for War would endeavour to make ' onsiderations of economy tally with the convenience of the' countries, and, 'withoutkeeping the menttogetherlongertlai' was necessary, he would he guided by the. prbspects theymight have, when disembodied, of fallin bhackinto thee orai nary operations of labour.- (Hear, hear.) uThe motion for adjournment was then agreed to. - AD]MINISTRATIONT OF JUSTICE IN INTDI. On the motion that; the House iesolve itself into Coaxmittee of Supply, Mr. J. G. PHELLIMORE rose to cal the attention of th& House to a petition from the members of the Bengal Indigo. Planters' Association, complaining of the abuses and delar in the administration of justice-in the Company's courtsThe pet-itioners, notnatives, butElnglish subjects, complainect of the worthlessness of the County Courts for the enforce-' nment of civil obligations, of the corruption and venalityofthe, police, which was regarded by the people as aninstiunment. of oppression and cruelty; they stated that young mew. were emploved in the judicial capacitY without training' or knowledge of the language; that the t ntv Courts were, a scourge to the country. Yet, that no remedy for thoseevils had been pointed out bg the commissioners, wvho had. recently reported upon these matters; but that they hi& even proposed to transfer to those couxts a portion of 'ther jurisdiction of the Supreme Courts In addition to allthis,' it had now been provedthat torture was habituallypractisedl under the sanction of the minister of English justice. The hon. and learned gentleman concluded by grving notice thatwhen the Indian budget was brought forward he should. enter at greater length into the abuses connected with the administration of justice in India. Sir E. PERRY asked the President of the Board of Con-; trol to state at what time he proposedto bring forward tha Indian budget? MrX. 'V. SMIH hopedI to bring on the Iudianbudget~ earlier than it had been brought on last year. The accounte had been expedited and produced sooner this year than i'i; the preceding year. He could not allow the somewhat eX-- travagant statements in the petition from the Bengal indigo. planters to pas altogether'without notice. It was sai. that there were great evils in the police and judicial system_ of India. That was admitted-; but the Law Commissiom. had been occupied with the consideration of the system of. judicial administration in India, and had completed reports,onthe subject. Theyhadbeenreferredin Decemberlast to persons in Incla most competent to give an opinion in re. spect to them, and when they were received baclk, as he ex. pected they would shortly be, he might perhaps be able to-. persuade the House to pass measures foundeci on them. The House was aware, however, that great changes inrespect, to-the conduct of Indian affairs were taking place, and. the opening of the civil service to competition might be expected to produce more competent men for the adminstration of these affairs than formerly. The statements withl respect to the police were under the attentive consideration, of the Indian Government, but, a new police system having: been establiEhed in the Pr-esidency of Bombay, the Govern. ment 'were anxious to wait and see whether it worked. efficiently. He had hopes, however, that a'better system of police would be established. Mr. MANGLES believed that the statements in the: petion of the Bengal Indigo Planters' Association wer> greatly exaggerated; and he could add that the Indian Governmnent wars honestly and earnestly striving to improvef the condition of the people of India in every way. The House then resolved into Committee of Supply. ST. JAMES'S PARM. Lord PALTLERSTON rose for the purpose of proposing to the House two votes connected with the same matter in. regard to which the Houserejected a vote proposed that day week-namely, a passage through St. Jaines's Pare. (H[ear, hear.) That vote comprised two objects-the one a passage for carriages, and the other a passage for pedestrians by a bridge to be constructed over the ornamental water. Of course it was not for the Government to take exception to' the motives which led the House to reject a vote which had. for its main object a purpose the House had expressed ; great desire to see accomplished. He imagmied that, with respectto the passage for carriages,the House objected to the expense of pulling down the German Chapeland placing it elsewhere, and thought that another passage might be. found at less expense. (Hear.) With respect to the bridze, the House objected to the plan on which that was to bet formed. It was nowhis intention topropose twovotes, one for forming a carriage road near Marlborough-house anti the other for a suspension foot-bridge over the ornamental water in St. James's-park. These votes would be propose& separately, so that the House would have the opportunity of dealing separately with each. When the House rejected. the vote on the grounds he had stated Her Majesty, always~ anxions to make any sacrifice on her own part that might. be conducive to the public convenience, immediately consented to give up a portion of the garden of St. James's P'alace, in order that a straight roadway through the. iron gates between .Marlborough-house and St. James'sPalace to the Park (hear, hear) mright be formed. The roads at present was a twisting one, - and the Queen graciously suggested that this inconvenience might be obviated by' cutting off a portion of the Palace garden. The estimate he proposed for forming this carriage-way and maldng the necessary alterations 'was 4,5001. He did not mean to con- cealthat this estinate appeared to himsrather large for thework to be done (hear, hear), but those who were professionally employed must be the best judges on that point. This, however, he could assure the House of, that his right; hon. friend at the head of the Board of W'orks would takecarethatthe work shouldbedonebycontract and paid forby measurement accordingtotheprices ruling inTLondon; sothat; the sun proposed must be deemed to be ther wsximsm;and by the vigilant superintendence of his right; hon. friend the Commissioner of Works the cost;would of course be kept within the smallest compass. By that proposition the Government were providing for the convemence of those who rode in carriages, but there was a' class in the metropolis, which he trusted the House wouldnot forget, of persons who walked on their feet. (Laughter.} He thought it would be a great convenience to a large portion of the community if there were a passage across the ornamental water in St. James's Park, so as to connectWestminster with the other part of the tovn. (Hear.): It would be a great convenience also for those'who frequented the gardens for the purposes of a-musement andrecreation to be able to get from one side of the garden to, the other, without havingto apply to the Charon 'who had charge of the ferry across the ornamental water. He should think-, also, though that was a matter of taste, that a light. suspension-bridge, so far from being unsightly, would be rather ornamental to the aardens; but, of course, the House would deal with that as it thought fit. His owvn opinion was, that the House would be consulting the convenience of a large part of the community by establishing a communication across the water by means of a foot-bridge, which would have the additional advantage of not bemn6 injurious in any wayrto the beauty of the gardens. Thc estimate for this 'was 3,5001., which would probably be about the sum which would have to be expended. The; noble lord concluded by moving the two votes. The CHAIRMAN having put the first vote of 4,500. for- making a road from the iron gates, near the German Chapel - to the 3Mall in St. Jamess Park, Mr. L DAVIES said, the noble lord was qite justiified inj expressing an opinion that 4,5001. was rat er an extravagant sum for making the proposed road into St. JameesPark. (Iear, hear.) On first hearing of the plan his own idea was thatthe cost would be about 1,OOL.; but, being unacquainted with the price of labour in London, he had desired an engineer to take a contractor with him and measarethe quantity of work to be done, and to give an estimate of what it could be done for. The result was that the cont actor had offered to complete the whole work for a sum not exceeding 2,5001. (hear, hear), engaging to. give security for its proper completion, and to e-ecute it under the superintendence of any person whoni the Government might appoint. The iron railing in front of the Ajmb,ssadors' Court mentioned by the noble lord was not included in this estimate, but he could not see how the cost of this would exceed 1001. Allowing, Lowever, a margin of 5001. for this and any other additional expenditure which might be necessary, he should be quite justified, he conceived, in moving to reduce the vote to 3,0001. Lord PALKERSTON hoped the hon. member would not persevere with his amendment. He had stated that theD sum proposed was a msximaum, and if the person w ho had given in the estimate to which the hon. gentleman had referred would communicate with the Board of Works, and if it appeared that he could undertake the work as he hal stated, he was quite sure that his right hon. friend 'vould behappy to avail himself of the offer. Mr. TITE pointed out that the difference between the. two estimat-es was that the Government estimate included a very costly enclosure of a piece of groun'd 'which was to beadded to Marlborough-house. The railing in front of theAmbassador's Court included four gates of an expensive design. These two additional items combined would probably bring the estimate of the hon.. gentleman opposite up to the-Government estimate. Sir. J. TROLLOPE asked if the piece of land 'which was, to De added to the grounds of Marlborough-house was to bs enclosed by a dead wall? An iron railing and a plantation of shrubs would be much preferable in point of beauty and very much less expensive. (Hear.) Lord H. GROSVENORregretted that, after the very dc-- cided manner in which the vote proposed last Eriday night. had been rejected, the proposition should be renewed in a. different shape. (Cries of "No ") There might be a distinction between the two, but there -was no difference. The reason why the plan proposed last Friday was rejected was, that it did not afford accommodation tothe +eatetnumber of persons. The facility required might o afforded by allowing carriages to go through the Stableyard, whe L nothing more would be necessary than to put nP a boar'I at the dangerous corner, requiring them to proee(5 at a'foo - pace. ("'Oh,oh !") - Mr. STAFFORD asked whether it was intended to iupose any new restrictionsvwith regard to the pasngethroutls the Stableyard; 'whether it was intended to move tie existing gates between Marlborough-house and St. James's -Palace, in Pall-mall; and whether hackneY carriages wouldi be allowed to go through the new entrance ? Lord PALAMERSTON replied that, as the new road wan expressly intended for the convenience of the public, hackney cabs and private carriages would, of course, bM = to seit. The entrance would not, howevor, be
COURT CIRCULAR. WINDSOR, JUIE 13. Their Royal Highnesses the Dachess of Cambridge and the Princess Mary took leavo of the Queen this morning and quitted the Castle, attendedby Lady Geraldine Somerset and Major Home Purves. Eis Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge also took leave of Her Majesty and proceeded to London, attended by Colonel Tyrwhitt. His Excellency the French Ambassador and the Countess Persigny, and the Prussian Minister and Countess Bernatorff, quitted the Castle to-day for town. The Earl and Countess of Clarendon went to London this forenoon. The Duke of Buccleuch, the Duke of Wellington, the Earl of Eglintoun, the Marquis of Abercorn, Earl Spencer, the Marquis of Breadalbane, and the other visiting company left the Castle to-day, with the exception of the Dachess of Sutherland, who remains on a. visit. A deputation from canal and navigation companies had an interview with the Right Hon. W. Cowper, M.P., eterday, at the office of the General Board of Health, tVhitehalL The deputation was introduced by Mr. Greene MLP., and Sir Willa- Milner, LP., and consisted of Mr. Anderson, Mr. Skey, 31r. Rogers, Mr. Baxter, Mr. Marchant, and Mr. Evans. Meetings of the Oxfo d University Commissioners were held at .No. 17, Great Queen-street, WVestminster, on Wednesday, Thursday, and yesterday. The Commissioners present were :-The Earl of Ellesmere. the Earl of Harrowby, the Bishop of Ripon, Mr. Justice Coleridge, the Hon. Edward Tvwistleton, the Dean of Wells, and Sir John Awdry. Viscount Palmerston arrived in town yesterday from a visit to Her Majesty at Windsor Castle. A deputation from the London Necropolis Company, consisting of the Hon. F. H. F. Berkeley, MLP., Mr. W. Austin, and Mr. F. Dobinson (directors), and MIr. Richard Churchill (secretary), transacted business yesterday at the Home-office. The deputation was introduced by the Hon. F. H. F. Berkeley. MY. Mr. William Henry Coffin, of, and M1r. John Hodge, agent for, British Honduras, had an interview with Mr. Secretary Labouchere on Wodnesday at the Colonialoffice. Despatches were sent from the Colonial-office yesterday to the Governor of Canada.
THE LATE MAJOR THOMPSON. (FROMI A CORSPONDM)TA While Sir Fenwick Williams and his comrades are enjoy. ing the honours which it is the delight of a brave nation to lavish on brave men the sad intelligence has reached them that their gallant friend and brother in arms, Henry Langhorne Thompson, after surviving in safety the perils of the field, the hardships of a protracted siege, and constant expo. sure to the inclemency of a severe climate, has suddenly died in his own home, amid those nearest and dearest to him; the bitterness of whose bereavement, if it can admit of assuagement, should be mitigatedby the fact that the object of their sorrow received at their hands the last offices of duty and affection, and lived to reap at least an instalment of that public respect and admiration which chivalrous eon. duct wiU always command. Your readers must have heard of his heroic conduct at Kars, when, with the most loyal obedience to his general, a high military skill, and a talent for commaund which gave an earnest of even greater things hereafter, he assisted in holding that fortress against one of the ablest commanders in the world. With what sorrow will they learn that he only landed in his own country to receive the welcome and congratulations of his friends, and reached his own hearth to die there ! When he and his friend and superior officer, Colonel Lake, reached HuU on Saturday last amid the cheers and ovation of its citizens Captain Thompson was suffering from a severe throat attack, which threatened no dangerous results, but was sufficient to prevent his making that fuU and hearty reply to the good wishes expressed to him which his natural kindliness of heart would have induced him to do. On reaching London his sore throat increased, and it was succeeded on Monday morning by a bilious attack, accompanied with some fever. No fears, however, were entertained by his relations, and those who on the evening of that day shook the hand whichhaddonesuchgoodserviceforhis country littlethought that it would so soon be cold in death. That night he grew somewhat worse, but the following day, though his medical man was in attendance, there was no apprehension of danger. On Wednesday, and even up to Thursday there was, I believe, no ground for serious alarm; but bronchitis came on rapidly,andyesterdayniorning (Friday)atU a.m., hebreathed his last at the residence of his mother and family in Glo. cester-street, Belgrave-road. It would iU become any to intrude on the sanctity of domestic sorrow, bnt there can be nothing short of a national sympathy with the grief-op. pressel heart of a widowed mother, and sisters aud brothers, who have so unexpectedly lost one of whom they were so justly proud, and who had so lately been "the theme of honour's tongue." He was the son of a gentleman who held an important official appointment as Receiver-General for Crown rents for the northern counties, was educated at Eton, and in 1845 entered the military profession, of which he became so early an ornament. He was appointed to an ensigncy in the 68th Regiment of Bengal Native Infantry in that year. On the 12th of February, 1850, he was promoted to a lieutenancy, and in the second Burmese war received a wound, from which he had not recovered when he returned to England, after nearly 10 years' service, in the autumn of 1854. When the demand was felt for Indian officers to aid in the proposed campagin in Asia against the Russians Lieutenant Thompson, his wounded arm still in a sling, volunteered, and after visiting the seat of war inthe Crimea returned to Constantinople and proceeded to Erzeroum and Kars. In consequence of his gallant behaviour at Ears he was appointed in the winter of last year a captain (unattached) of the Royal army, and it recently pleased Her Majesty to confer on him as well as his valorous comrades a Companionship of the Bath. His conduct under the command of General Sir Fenwick Williams is matter for history, and must command the eulogies which even history is slow to pronounce on those not holding high command. It is perhaps fortunate for the memory of this brave young officer, cut off in his early prime-for he had only reached his 27th year-that he was one of "a small band of heroes." His name will be for ever associated with those of Williams and Lake, and Teesdale and Sandwith, and other gallant men. This is no time while his family and friends are weeping for him, to enu merate his vigilant defence of the heights of the Karadagh, or to speak of the tact and strategy by which he, on the memorablo 29th of September, got a heavy gun into position, and materially assisted in winning that victory by the deadly firo which he poured into the Russian ranks. We would rather call to mind at this moment his excellent social qualities, his kindness and cheerfulness and thorough goodness of heart. Between him and his brother officers there seems to have existed a feeling of more than fraternal friendship. It was but a day or two ago that I heard his brave friend and fellow soldier, Colonel Lake, bear warm testimony to his conspicious merits as an officer and a man. The admiration which his valour aroused in the minds of his generous eneny the world may some day learn, for the progress of himself and his brother captives through Russia was an ovation throughout. The sword that Mouravieff returned-to him, " in admiration of noble and devoted courage, as a mark of honour and respect," will be cherished in his bereaved and now sorrowing family as a precious heirloom. In what victorious fields he might have hereafter worn it had Heaven spared his life ! The following letter from General Williams will show the estimation in which he was held by his gallant chief;- e" Tiflis, Sunday, March 24. "My Dear Thompson,-One little line, to beg you to give my love to Lake, and to thank you for your letter written en 2oute. "I am, thank God, quite well again, and start for Riazon on Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock, having every hope thatpeace or war-we shal all meet at Moscow as soon as I report myself from Riazon to Petersburg. Teesdale sends love to youboth. Wherever my fortunes may fall there I hope to see you by my side. " Affectionately yours, F. Wr. WILLIMS."
LOO-Z. SATUDAY, TUN 1 1 In the Rouse of Lords last night, After a discussion as to the expediency of disembodying the Irish Mfilitia at the present moment, in which Lord DoNoUGonEoro, Lord PA?NArunE, and the Marquis of CLANRICAIRDE took part, Lord Dmany asked whether the Government had received intelligence that the Government of the United States intended to dismiss Mr. CEnsrmO, and to withdraw the exequatur of the three Consuls. He slso wished to know, supposing this intelligence had been received, what the Government proposed to do. Lord CLAREN-Dox replied that Mr. DArAs lad communicated to him a despatch, admitting that the explanations afforded by theBritish Government on the enlistment question were satisfactory, but declaring that Mr. CAsrAPTo and the three Consuls were not acceptable to the Government of the United States. Mr. CERprON was to have his passports sent to him, and their evcquaturs were to be withdrawn from the Consuls. The Government had not yet come to any resolution as to the course to be pursued, but when they dic they would lose no time in laying a copy of the despatch before Parliament. Re might add that Mr. DAlLAs had communicated a second despatch relating to Central America, in which 3Mr. M3Ency said there were some points upon which it was possible that the arbitration of a third Power miight be resorted to with advantage, but expressing an opinion that the whole question might be disposed of by direct negotiation. Some other business was then despatched, and their Lordships adjourned. in the House of Commons, in reply to an inquiry by Ir. DisRA.Li, Lord PAmRSToNx said Lord CLLABE'nox had received late on Wednesday from MIr. DA1As two despatches, addressed to M1r. DALL&s by MIr. M:AxcY, -one on the subject of the recruiting question, the other regarding the Central American affair. With respect to the first, the effect of the despatch was that the United States Govermment, though satisfied with the explanation of Lord CLARiirDON as to the course which Rz;B LajAEsrT'u Government had pursued in the matter, never. theless, for reasons alleged, were not equally satisfied as to the course which had been adopted by Mr. CRAXON and the British Consuls at Cincinnati, Philadelphia, and l?New York; and they had expressed to Ali. DALs, for communication to HRERP AIEsry's Government, their intention to deliver his passports to Mr. CRAMPOIT and to revoke the exeguatur of each of the three Consuls. Re was not prepared to state the course which the Government proposed to take, under the circum. stances, until they had had an opportunity of giving full consideration to the subject; and he declined entering into details regarding the Central merican question, merely saying, (in reply to Mr. M. Gni}so)that there had been no refusal of arbitra tion on the part of the American Government. On the motion that the house resolve itself into a Committee of Supply, Lord J. RUSSELL, adverting., to the preceding statement of Lord PAL-rEsrosN, observed that this was a most critical state of affairs,and that theHouse ought to have the earliest information in order to express its opinion upon the subject, for, while the Rouse was silent, the matter was taken up by newspapers, and discussed sometimes in a tone and spirit not favourable to the continuance of peace. It was desirable that the Government should have an opportunity of stating their -views upon the subject, and on Mllonday, when the Rouse was moved to go into a Committee of Supply, he should ask- what course they meant to pursue. The Rouse then went into Committee of Supply. Lord PAL=sl roN proposed two separate votes,one, of 4,5001., for making a road from the iron gates near the G erman Chapel to the Mall in St. James's Park; another, of 3,5001., for the erection of a suaspension bridge for foot passengers over the water in the enclosure of the Parl-. In this form, he observed, the comnmittee might deal with each vote as it thought best. With regard to the first, REEB AI:rTy had consented to give up a portion of the garden of St. Jamer.s Palace; and, although he could not conceal from himself that the estimate for the formation of the road and incidental expense did appear a large one, Sir B. HALL would take carm that the work should be done by contract, and paid by measurement. As to the other vote, the footbridge would be a great convenience to a large portion of the community; and he thought a light
If there ever was an occasion on which the boldest might wish to be silent, it is vhen on the eve of a collision between two worlds, and, what is wvorse, two peoples of the same race and tongue, there arrives a message of the gravest import, which must be replied to, yet which admits of no -simple and consistent construction. We have no Teason to believe that there exists any private clue to the enigma with which American diplomacy is trying 'the ingenuity and the courage of our statesmen. The American Government takes the very strong act of dismissing our Minister and three Consuls. By the side of this strong act it has sent what is described as a most conciliatory document, expressing itself fully satisfied wvith the course taken by the British Government, and hoping that the dismissal of the Mtinister and Consuls wvill not be taken amiss. If the dismissal was for one thing, and the accompanying civilities or another,-if there were only a difference -of tone between an act and a document that 'happened to be contemporaneous, that at least would be intelligible. But they are upon the same subject. The American Government has always maintained that our Government has been implicated in the proceedings of its Minister and Consuls. If it has now given up that charge this is the first time, and, n'ithomt the documaent before us, we are at a loss to imagine in what words it has done this. But, whatever those words, by whatever contrivance of courtesy it acquits our Government of the charge, it is impossible to disguise the fact that the dismissal of the MIinister and the Consuls is the actual reply to the explanations of our Gosvernment, the actual result of the controversy, and the thing which the American Government all along threatened and we deprecated. As for the effect on the world at large, not only upon the great theatre of nations, but, what is more important, the two peoples immediately concerned, an act must have infinitely more weight than any quantity of words. It is a very old and familiar saying that speech makses smaU impression compared with a startling spectacle. But in this case we are not even allowed to suppose that theArmerican Government has our conciliation very much at heart, as a final object. It is a far more natural construction of this double policy that it wishes to persuade us into suffering an insult. It wishes to disniss our representatives, and so take a verdict in its favour, without any inconvenient consequences. It would assume the power to boast that it had done to us what we ventured not to do in return. But that is not the whole of the complication. Together with an act of insult, and words deprecatory of our resentment, there arrives also a communication offering a prospect of settling our Central American differences, and assenting to our proposed arbitration. T'hus, amid courtesies and hopes, there is a sort of lure held out that if we will talke a defeat upon one question we may poeibly obtain a settlement upon the other. When one has to encounter strange, unintelligible, and compromising conduct, one has to choose commonly between two ways of meeting it. The Tst recommends itself on the score of discretion, and even charity. It is that we should attempt to make t'he best of it, to hope for the best, to do for the best; that we should yield and comply if we possibly can; that we should look for any loophole to escape from an impossible position, and strike a bargain, in which we must not expect to have entirely our own way. No doubt, such a course is often possible and wise, but it is never safe, unless it comes in the form of a comprehensive offer, or from some one qualified to make such an offer and conclude upon it; or on some occasion in which all the questions at issue may be reviewed and decided. In the present instance we see nothing at all but a move as in a game of chess, where the player is committed to nothing but the move, and every subsequent step in the game is left to his own supreme discretion. The American Government has dismiissed our Minister and Consuls for a reason which our Government maintains to be no reason. That is the only substantial part of the move. That the American Government has done it in such a way as to induce us to take it as quietly and patiently as possible is a minor affair, and, of course, is to be expected. The question is whether we can accept such a rebuff. The more logical course is to reply in the very terms of our antagonist's move. He has dismissed our representativo with the utmost possible civility, and in the entire confidence that ve shall not be offended. We can, if we please, do the same. WVe can let Mr. DAL,&s return to the United States 'with the assurance that we have no ill-will to them, and only regret that they have put a wrong construction on our conduct. Mfutatis mutaradis, there is not a word in the communication reported from Washington that may not be returned in the most cordial spirit. Of course, we would very much rather that the controversy advanced step by step nearer to a solution, but it is the American Government that leads it the other way. The American Government tell us that our MEnister and Consuls have become disagreeable to them through their connexion with a disagreeable affair. MIr. DALLAS is personally an agreeable man, but he has been made the channel of the intelligence that Mr. CRAMPTONT and the Consuls have been dismissed. This, of course, must ma7ke his presence painfulto this country. Such might be called the logical mode of replying to the last move on the American side. That move has been made with much art, and the reply should be made with not less. These are the two courses open to our Govelnment, and we presume it to be now anxiously engaged in the choice between them.
So far as the mqa media is a test of truth, our existing system of education has evidence in its favour. The debate on Thursday furnishes this evidence. The present system was attacked by two opposite parties, upon two opposite grounds. It was condemned on the one hand because it does not interfere enough, on another because it interfered too muchl. "The voluntary principle will "do nothing," said Sir J. PAnxGToN. " The "voluntary principle will do everything," said Mr. BAL-NES, " if you will only let it alone and allow "it to work in its own natural way; but you " meddle with it, and, by meddling, you stifle it. " The State prevents parents from feeling their " own natural responsibility in the matter of " education by assuming that responsibility itself. " But let parents alone, and they will feel their "responsibility, and will act upon it. Put the "burden on the right shoulders, and the right "shoulders will bear it. But you exonerate "the parent, and in exonerating him harden " him. You give no play to, and so deaden "and suppress, his natural feeling and anxiety for "the child's welfare. And then you do very badly "yourself what he would do very well, if you " would let him alone." Sir Joan PARgm ToNx and T3Ir. BARNES thus answer each other. Nothing could be more convenient. Those who are content vith the present system have nothing to do but to look on, and between the two self-neutralizing extremes they wil see the mean, which is our existing system, come out of the argument untouched. We should like to know, however, where MIr. BAIL-Es got his discovery that parents, if only let alone, would procure their children's education. We thonght the experiment had been tried, and tried sufficiently long to test its success. For nearly 5,000 years, we believe, the experiment went on. Parents were let alone. Nobody interfered with them. But generation after generation educated neither itself nor its successor. But those were dark times, it will be said, and people did not know what education was. WVell, but we have had now for three centuries printed books and grammar-schools; it has been, at any rate, known what education is; and yet the poor never thought of getting their children educated. But some persons no sooner find themselves in possession of an idea or principle than they apply it to the solution of all difficulties. Mr. BARN-ES applies the principle of free trade to education :-" The working men might say that the " want of education was not the only cause of crime, " and that a more cogent cause was want of em"ployment. WVould the House, then, be equally "right in finding work for the people ?" His advice, then, is to treat education as we would any common case of supply and demand, and not to interfere by Government measures -with it. He thinks that in education, as in labour, things will regulate themselves, and will go on most successfully and smoothly if left tlone; that, the advantage being plain, the demand will follow, and the supply will answer to the demand. But Mr. BARNEs entirely forgets that the rule of supply and demand only professes to apply to materials of certain and indisputable value. It applies accordingly to physical cordmodities of all kinds, calicoes and cottons, Russian tallow, Indian rice. In the higher and middle classes it applies to education, because education is a necessary article in the higher and middle classes. But it does not apply to education among the poor, for this simple reason,-that the poor can do without it, and that it does not immediately conduce to that which is the great object of the poor man,-the support of life. The poor man's instrument for this end is manual labour, and. manual labour can be given without education. Education, then, which is a common necessary of life with the rich man, is an extra with the poor-an extra most important, indeed, for his welfare, and necessary for enjoying his proper rank and resources as an intelligent being, but still not essential to life or enjoyment. The question, then, with the poor man is,-" Can I afford to buy this article ? "Must I not get necessaries irst, luxuries " afterwards-first secure the common means of "livelihood, and then think of extras i" This is his argument, and it is an unanswerable argument. But when to the legitimate reasoning of the poor man we add his natural temptations, and the love he has of his own sort of pleasures, which cannot be had without money, and which, therefore, are so many direct antagonists to the purchase of education in his case, we must instantly see the absurdity of expecting this spontaneous " demand" for education, which DMr. BARNEs thinks would naturally arise among the poor if the grants of the Privy Council did not suppremsit. Mr. BARNim thinL-s that the poor drink too much beer, and that if they drank less beer they could afford to pay for their children's education. "Ho wouldtake thetownaof Preston. It was stated by hr. Clay that duzing tho 'tInA out,' ,Whicb lated i about six months, a sum of 1,000. weekly Wam the decreased expenditure for drink on the part of the factory hands, and it might therefore be concluded that when they were in the receipt of their ordinary wages they might, if they chose, savo so much money. Now, it was obvious that a very small portion of that sum of 1,0001. veekly would educate every child belonging to those men who 'turned out.' " This may be very true, but still the question is, will the poor give up their beer? For if Mr. BAR-.,Es cannot persuade them to do this his theory of supply and demand with respect to the article of education falls to the ground, and we think he will have some difficulty in persuading them to make this sacrifice. A " turn-ouf' is a scene of extraordinary excitement and passion, and people will do under a temporary excitement what they will not under ordinary circumstances, and submit to sacrifices which they would never think of submitting to were they not sistained by the strong feeling of the moment. The operatives of Preston, then, may have given up their beer to carry on a fierce battle with their masters, but MIr. BARxEs will find it a very different thing when he wants our labourers and operatives to give up their beer for the cause of knowledge and education. We would urge him strongly to abandon at once ane immediately this plan of spreading education in the country, favourite idea as it appears to be with him; for we cannot imagine anything that would tend to make the cause of education more thoroughly unpopular in this country among those for whom it is especiaUy wanted than a collision with this powerful and ruling beverage. As Mr.BARNbs reposes entirely on the volruntary principle, and looks to the popularity of the article, which he advocates with the class which stands in need of it, it is only a kindness in us to warn him against striking on this rock. iHe may be quite sure, and may accept it from us as an ascertained truth, that if at once it is thoroughly understood among these classes that education and beer cannot be had together, it will be the most fatal day that the cause of education has yet seen. That great rival will certainly triumph, and education will go to the wall. The poor man must have his beer; it is the support and solace of life to him, and he cannot do without it. Indeed, Sr. BAsm-Es himself shrinks from the effects of his own demand, and disclaims the "wish to deprive the work"ing people altogether of their beer." This is a wise concession, a prudent recognition of the rank of a dangerous rival. We accept with satisfaction his own qualification of his scheme, and the studied moderation of the conclusion at which he seems ultimately to arrive,that, if the cause of education is to flourish in this country, it must be made consistent with good and sufficient drink.
Some years ago, when a good deal was written about the condition of the English labourer, a witty conteniporary took the hint for a Labourers' Show. As he drew it,-and, of course, the case did not suffer for want of embellishment,-the biped contrasted very oddly with the quadruped; the latter corpulent, sleek, stately, evidently well housed, well fed, and well clothed; the former spare, squalid, slouching, with but an indifferent covering on his bones, and still worse on his skin. It was natural that we should congratulate ourselves at the time that there was no such exhibition in fact, and none likely to be. But there has been one, it would seem, wholly unexpected, and therefore not under the fairest conditions. It took place the other day in a great metropolis, under a spacious and beautiful building, before a splendid assemblage. After the beasts of all nations, their agricultural products, and their implements of husbandry had been duly exhibited in the Palace of Industry, in the Champs Elysees, their merits compared, and the medals awarded, the servants came in for their tturn of attention. They were called up to receive prizes for themselves as well as for their masters. Here, then, is the figure we are said to have cut in this part of the exhibition before the eyes of assembled Europe:-" The servants, when called " forward to receive either their own or their "masters' prizes, were probably more criticized "than the masters themselves, and in that bril"liant assembly, with representatives of all the "nations of Europe looking on, we grieve to say "it that the English labourer was the poorest"looking man among them all. The easy and in"dependent look and bearing and the picturesque "dress of the Spanish peasant, the Hungarian "shepherd, and the Swiss herdsman, contrasted "most painfully with the bent and slouching gait "and slovenly fustian dress of the English cattle"man. Our agriculture may be the best, our "landlords the richest, and our farmers the most " prosperous in Europe, but there the comparison " must stop." Every traveller, and everybody who has made use of his eyes at home, will see at once the foundation of this contrast. The E3nglish labourer is not picturesque. Whatever his place in the world of realities, he has none on the melodramatic stage. His dress is a rigid adaptation to the demands of a hard life and changeable climate, and all his graces of manner are comprised in a simple obeisance to his betters. If our ladies do but look into their books of travel and costume, into their albums, to the figures on their mantelpieces, or even to the conventional peasant on the stage, they see at once, if not the fact, at least the common opinion of the fact. That common opinion is very much as we have stated it. So far as regards the pnysical fact, the picture has to be largely qualified and explained. Hard labour will tell on most men, especialy any kind of labour that brings only one set of muscles into play. Digging, walking in a ploughed field, the work of the blacksmith, tramping much on a hard road, and other employments, produce peculiarities of movement and gait. Such, indeed, seems to be the effect of all concentration of physical or even mental power. The scholar, the man of the desk, even the poet and the statesman, pay this penalty for their devotion. In the case of physical labour, all employmenta leave their distinctive traces. Brost of them develope the upper part of the frame at the expense of the lower. These peculiarities are brought out all the more when the constitution is weakened by poor diet, by unremitting toil in all weathers, in aU states of health, by frequent chills, and perhaps occasional excesses. We have, however, among our agricultural classes a large proportion of tall, stout, well-made men, who would command respect even among the pick of the European peasantry. It is not fair, however, to compare cowherds with head shepherds, and farmyard boys with the sort of men who have been sent across Europe to the Paris Exhibition. The Englishman who can be best compared with "the Spanish peasant, the Hungarian shep"herd, and the Swiss herdsman," and the familiar idea of the continental peasant, is the gamekeeper, the bailiff, or the small farmer of the old, idle, unimproving class. These are often fine, upright men, with a regular development, elastic movements, and a fim gait. Go into any village, and the first fine young fellow you notice is no drudge, but a man of various, and not always regular, occupations. It is, then, to our extreme subdivision of labour-to the reduc. tion of every human unit into the joint in a vast machine, that we owe much of our national -want of address. The dres of our working vlasei certainly is nOt graceful. They are indeed the children of Ithe dust. Fustian, "c cords," dirty-brown twilled calico, leggings to match, and all else that is shapeless and colourless, make up the dress of the most meritorious and most productive labourers in the world. We are aware that frequent attempts have been made to improve it. Travelled ladies have brought over neater patterns of frocks, straw hats, red ribands, girdles, and composed them into something lik-e costume. But the English of all classes are averse to uniformity, and like to consult their own taste, which is homely enough. So long as they can get a very heavy pair of boots, a very elaborately-stitched frock, and a very smart waistcoat and neckerchief for occasional wear, they do not trouble themselves much about their attire. Yet the dress of the Italian or the Spanish peasant must be as convenient for his purposes, or he would not wear it; it must be cheaper, for he has not so much money as the English peasant; and it really is much more picturesque. A man must certainly be in better conceit with himself dressed in a positively handsome manner, like the Spanish muleteer, or almost any peasant of SouthernEurope, than simplyswathed and hungwith drab calico, like an English labourer. The answer is, that the latter is the working man. He has been early tau-ht that his lot is toil. Accordingly, he yields his shoulders to the burden, and becomes the servant of servants-a living implement of husbandry; very profitable, for the simple reason that he works, and does nothing but work. This may be supposed to be incompatible with all our national boast of British independence, British elevation, civilization, and so forth. They who use these words seldom think of their application to the individual Englishman. In his case the great ideas of life are a prescribed course of duty, the necessity of toil, the subordination of classes, the supremacy of the law. These are noble ideas, for they are those -which have animated the greatest and most useful men of our country; but when they must be carried out in a life of corporeal drudgery no wonder that they tell on the look and the frame. By the timne the English labourer has seen some thirty or forty summers and winters he becomes slow and stiff in his gait, careworn in his aspect, the picture of what he is-a patient son of toil. There is an instinct which developes the outward man and manner till men seem what they are. The English labourer bears himself, dresses, and looks what he is. It is not a matter of regret that our politicians have had a lesson on the physical appearance, dress, and manners of our poor people, though purchased at the cost of ridicule. But could not the lesson have been obtained without the cost? Had our young farmers possessed the enterprise to go out in the place of their labourers, or with them, so, at least, as to receive their own prizes, they would have showrn a physiqT yielding to none in Europe, not to say the world. It is always an object to make a good representation of ourselves. If, as will probably be urged in this case, the men were inseparable from the cattle, and thelatter could not be intrusted to other keeping, it is all the more lamentable that a country which sends out fine horses, fiue cattle, fine sheep and pigs, all with the best points, the smoothest coats, the fleeciest wool, anid altogether in the best condition, cannot also send out its best men. Is it true, then, that our agriculturists care less for their men than their cattle ? In town employments it seems inevitable that the artisan must suffer an imperfect physical development. The man who is always making the tenth part of a penknife, or the fortieth part of a pin, or the hundredth part of a watch, or contributing perhaps in some larger fraction to a pair of trousers, wil certainly dwindle down to the mieasure of his occupation. We wish it were otherwise, but before it can be so the laws of nature must be widely changed. The best meat, drink-, and clothing in the worldeven occasional exercise of a healthy character, can do little good to a man who for half the twenty-four hours has all the faculties of his mind and body concentrated within an area of one foot, or even one inch, square. But in the case of our country people something can be done, and none are so competent to undertake it as our country gentlemen. They know themselves how much athletic sports contribute, not only to physical development, but even more to manliness of character. Cannot they supply space, time, materials, and every possible encouragement to the young men on their estates ? It would be a great national work;, an important contribution to the national resources, and a new bond of union between high and low classes. Nothing breeds love more than common sport; there is no better school of maimers or discipline for obedience; nor is there any means of reformation so easy, or, we should think, so agreeable.
The House of Commons last night redeemed its character in the matter of the road across St. James's Park. It seemed almost incredible that the members should so far stultify the report of their own committee as to reject the principle involved in it, even if they objected to details. Such, however, on the first blush was the character of their proceedings on Friday se'nnight. The House purely and simply rejected the proposition which had been founded on the report of the Select Committee. Prom all that was said upon that night we were left to the conclusion that the agitation for the opening of St. James's Park- had to be commenced again. We are most happy to say that suclh does not appear to have been the intention of the House. Fault was found with the specific suggestions of the committee, and with good reason. The proposition for pulling dowvn the German Chapel was as unnecessary as the idea of rooting up the Duke of YoEE was absurd. The only reason which induced us to acquiesce patiently in either suggestion was that it was better to perpetrate these enormities than to keep St. James's Park shut against the public. There was a general feeling abroad that if any opposition were raised against the Parliamentary suggestion the Government would turn round upon us and say that if the Park was not to be opened upon official terms it should not be opened at all. Last night the Government and the House gave most satisfactory proof that they were acting in better faith. If they rejected the proposition of their own committee a week ago, they did so because of the wholly unnecessary expense involved in the puUing down and rebuilding of the German Chapel. There was also a certain feeling against Sir BEnsNTA Eair,, who is sutspected, rightly or wrongly, of advocating those measures which tend to his own advantage as member for Mlarylebone. It is not for us to verify the accuracy of the report, but we are bound to notice it as one of the principal causes which affected the decision of the House seven days ago. However this may be, last night the F}ISrT MisrTER himself, as though to prove how much the Government was in earnest in the matter, immediately the House had resolved itself into Committee of Supply, proposed two votes with the object of opening St. James's Park to the publc. The first was for forniing a carriage road from Marlboroughhouse to Buckingham-gate, without pulling down the German Chapel. This road is to be a straight one, and the beautiful simplicity of the right line is to be attained by the sacrifice of a portion of St. James's-gardens. Be it so; we are not disposed to be over-critical, although even this is un- necessary, and it would have been far better lot to tamper with the gardens at all. For this new road the sum of 4,5001. was voted as a miaamum. We agree with Mr. L. DAvms and other gentlemen who addressed the House, that the sum is considerably in excess of the reasonable cost of the proposed alteration; but the estimate may ba reduced. The next vote was for a sum not exceeding 3,5001., to be allowed by the House for the erection of a suspension bridge for foot passengers over the water in the enclosure of St. James's Park. This vote, upon a division, without discussion, was carried at once by a majority of 87, the numbers-being 182 as against 95. Thus, then, this question may be considered as fairly settled, for we attach no great importance to the terrible threat of Lord ELcno that he will oppose the vote on the bringing up of the report. It only remaius to be considered what further alterations can be made without expense and with advantage to the public. The Marquis of Bx&iTm ForoD last night recommended the relaxation of the arrangements as to the passage through the Horse Guards. In answer to a question from Mjr. W. WnLrms, unless the ears of our reporters were at fault, Sir B. HAM admitted " that it "was intended that the privilege proposed to "be granted in respect of St. James's Park; should "'be extended to Constitution-bill." We have only to add that it would be a great convenience to that neighbourhood which is rising so fast into public favour aboat Westminster Abbey if free ingress and egress were allowed through the iron railings now placed at right angles to Storey'sgate. It may be that hon. gentlemen were somewhat slow to propose this change, because it would be so much calculated to promote their own coInvenience. Mlembers of either House and all lawyers engag,ed at Westminster-hall would then be enabled to reach their own homes at the Westend and their clubs in Pall-mall without the necessity of the tedious and unnecessary circuit by Pall-mall and Cockspur-street. The expense of the alteration would not exceed 51., for we talke it that half-a-dozen stout fellows could in a single sunmmer's day remove the railings, if, indeed, there does not already exist at that point a sufficient gate, -which need merely be opened. These changes effected, we may await with patience any further alterations which may be suggested by the exigencies of public convenience in days to come. This battle has been a hard one, but it has at last been won. The decision, if somewhat tardy, has been wise and moderate in the end. It would have been heinous to ruin the gardens by throwing across them a bridge for carriages. It was unnecessary to pull down the German Chapel, and absurd-to tear up the Duke of Yoin's Column. It was, however, of the greatest importance to get the Park opened to the public, and this has been done at last.
IRELAND. DIUBIN, FRIDAY MOBRfG. ENOCUIERED ESTATES COURT. (Inom OUR OWN CORBr1SPONDENT.) According to the Eveaing Post, a billfor the continuance of the Encumbered Estates Court will be introduced this session. The Chief Commissioner and his staff are to be done away with, and the court, with increased powers (but with appeal in all cases), to be carried on under two commiissioners, to be removed to the Four Courts Buildings, where greater facilities will be afforded for the attendance of the profession generally. THE TIPPERARY BAMK. The pending motion to restrain the official manager of the Tipperary Bank from paying the dividend to the creditors on Tuesday, and for the appointment of a receiver over the assets of the bank, has been fixeed for to-morrow (Saturday) in the Rolls Court. BANs OF IRELAND. The half-yearly meeting of the Court of Proprietors was held yesterday. The report of the directors recommended that a dividend of 4i per cent. for the half-year and also a bonus of 5 per cent. be paid to the proprietors, after which a sum of 23,0001. would be added to the rest fund. An amendment was moved that the dividend be 9i per cent., instead of the dividend and bonus recommended in the report. This proposition was made forthepurpose of preventing litigation between the several parties who might have claims, present or reversionary, to the dividends. Thle amendment wvas negatived, and the original motion carried almost unanimously. THE FUK=DS. Thnree per Cent. Consols, for new account, 8th of July, 943s A; New Three per Cent. Stock, 93f 94; ditto, for account, 9th of Jnly, 940 1. A ational Bank of L-eland (22b. 10s. paid), (account), 30; ERoyal Bank of Ireland (101. paid), 201; Dablin and Liverpool Steamship Building Company (501.), 45, Drainage D)ebentures Five per Cent., of l,OOOl., par; South Devon CODsolS (II. paid), 15s.
CRYSTAL PALACE CONCERTS. The fifth concert, yesterday, was quite as good as any of its predecessors, although the unfavourable state of the weather prevented the attendance from be' so full as otherwise, in all probability, it would have been. The programme was first-rate. The overture to ,Enzont, the air, " 0 God have mercy," from St. Paul (Herr Formes), and the duet from Figaro, "Crudel perchi" (Mademoiselle Mrani and Signor Graziani), with which the concert began, were alone enough to conciliate the lovers of genuine music. The first encore was gained by Pearsall's madrigal, " Who shall win my lady fair ?" Madrigals are seemingly in vogue at the Crystal Palace Concerts. So much the better. The madrigal is a beautiful fonn of vocal music; and there are rich mines at disposal, both Italian and lEnglish, which only wait to be explored. The next encore was accorded immediately after to Madame XNantier Didiee, who sang the air of Fides, " Ah, mon fils, sois beni," with true sentiment, unaccompanied by the slightest exaggeration of accent or expression. Madame Bosio followed, with a remarkably brilliant performance of the caratina7, " Care nome," from Rigolelto, which she terminated by a trillo that won the admiration and applause of the whole audience. The first part concluded with the magnificent finalc to the meeting of the cantons, in G6uillaurne Tell, the three solo voices being sustained with great effect by Mario, Formes, and E onconi The overture to Anacreon, which began the second part was superbly executed by the band, under Mr. Costa's direction. The florid passages for violins, in the coda, were played with as much accuracy and closeness as if only one iustrument, instead of many, was employed. Had Cherubini been living to hear his favourite overture thus performed, he would have said no(hing7-his usual method of suggesting that he was satisfied. At the rehearsal of one of his masses which went to perfection, an artist concerned in the performance, observing that Cherubini was silent, went up to the great musioian, and asked, "Are you not content, master ?" to which Cherubini sharply retorted, "Puisque je n'ai rien dit !" Were the pubEc in general to adopt this mode of signifying approval, there would be less applause, but, possibly, more discrimination. The overture to Anacreon was succeeded by the aria, " Al dolce guidami," which Grisi sang delightfully, and vith which the audience were so much charmed that they insisted upon its being repeated. Grisi, nothing loth (wcher is she tired, indeed, of administering to the gratification of her patrons-.), consented with good grace. The exquisite trio from the last scene of ni Conte Orv-" lDi trema e di speranza"-intrnsted to Madame Bosio, MademoiselleMarai, and Signor Mario (the last in the place of Signor Gardonis whose absence, on account of " indisposition," was vouched for by a medical certificate), was another bonnc bouclc forthe diteUanti. Two snore encores were then awarded to pieces wholly opposed instyle, butboth admirableintheir way. The firstwas the elaborate bravurain C, from MozartVsSCra7io*" Martern aller arten"-which, for preposterous difBiculties rivals even the airs of Astriffiamente, in the Zauberfiote. The former taxes the extreme lower part of the voice, more. over, as well as the notes in aot. It is, in short, a veritable " cassc-cou ;" but Mademoiselle Jenny Ney is one of those German singers to whom it is apparently familiar; at any rate she gavethewholewithan ease audvigour that fullyjustiied the applause bestowed. The other encore wasobtained by Ronconi, whose "Largo al factotum" was just as inimitably vivacious in the CrS stal Palace as on the Opera boards. The grand duet from Semiramidc-" Serbami ognor"-by Grisi and Nantier Didi6e, and one of the fina7cfromLaFarorita,solos byGrisi, Marai, Soldi, Graziani, and Zelger, brought the concert to an end witi& ccdt. The judicious length of these performances-which, in spite of the encores, arenever tiresome-has aiet with unanimous approval; but still the want of an instrnmental concerto, or solo of some kind, is generally admitted. A symphony for the orchestra might take -up too much time; but a violin or a pianoforte piece would be a welcome relief. CRYSTAL PALACE.-We are requestedc to state that the first display of the great fountains of the Crystal Palace in the presence bf Her Majesty on Wednesday next will not take place earlier than 5 o'clock. It is desirable that this fact should be known, since the lateness of the hour may enable many to see the flower show at the Botauic Gardens, in the Regout's Park, as well as the display at Sydenhar en the same day.
THE CO F-IGT PALAER. (FBROY OUR OWN REPORTER.) STAFFORD, Fnnliy NIGaT. Before this communication is in the hands of the great majority of the readers of this jounal to-morrow morning William Palmer wiMl have gone to his doom, for the arrival of 77ic Times of tthis morning, containing the reply of Sir George Grey to the memorial presented on behalf of the convict by Mr. John Smith, his solicitor, must have completely dissipated allhope which lingered among his relatives at Rugeleythat the exeention would be stayed, in spite of the strong feeling which has all along obtained throughout the country thatthere neverwasthe slightest probability of the sentence being respited. Up to the moment at which I write he has made no confession, and the prevailing opinion is that he will assert his innocence to the last. His brothers George, the solicitor at Rugeley, and Thomas, & clergyman in the neighbourhood, had an interview -with hsim yesterday, and they were to return to-day, and take their final leave of him. The Rev. Mfr. Atkinson, the vicar of Rugeley, was also some time wRith the convict yesterday. Up till this morning his mother had not been to see him, and it appears to be understood on all hands that he will be spared the agony of an interview with his son, his love of whom seems almost to be the only redeeming fez. ture in his character. The eonvict will be executed immediately in front of the countygaol here, on a moveable scaffold, which is drawn up on such occasions right across the public road. Temporary platforms are being erected on housetops, and in every unaginable place commanding a view of the execution, eyen the most remote; and, by an order issued by the municipal authorities, these have all to be certified by the tow,n suirveyor as perfectly safebefore theycan oe nsed on the occasion. Onthe execution of a man named Moore here, some three years ago, for what is caUed in Staffordshire the Ashllatts murder, there were at least 20,000 persons present from the surrounding neighbourhood, but it is believed thecrowd whichthe spectacle wil attract on this occasion will be inconceivably greater. The lower orders, indeed, in this and some of the adjacent counties, appeartohave more than an ordinary pcnclamnt for ex;ecutions, and this eveni3g and before daylght to-morrow morning, it is said by those here who know them well that they will come in vast numbers from Birmingham, Wolverhampton, Walsall, Tipton, the Pottery districts, and even from anchester Chester, Nottinghamshire, and Derbyshire. The convict was visited this afternoon by LieutenantColonel Dyett, the High Sheriff of the county, and lr. Hand, the Under-Sheriff. They found him engaged with the Rev. Henry Sneyd, of the Woodlands, near Leek, a benevolent clergyman who takes an interest in him, but to whom he was not previously ]mown. This is the second time the rev. gentleman has been with him. A Mr. Heywood, who married a sister of Palmernow dead-has alsso seen him during the morning. At the time of despatching my parcel (half-past 6) no others of the convict's relatives have been to see him to-day.
THE CASE OF DAVI7DSON AND GOBDOZ. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TDIES. Sir,-Permit me to say a few words in reply to the letter of Mtr. Charles Pearson, the City Solicitor, which appeared in your colu=ns on Thursday last. Mr. Pearson's statements in reference to The alleged "assertions" on my part of being able to prove "the complicity of Messrs. Overend, Gurney, and Co., in the frauds committed by the person, under indictment," are pure inventions of his own. I neves gave him any such assurance. Iplaced at his disposal Messrs. Quilter, BalL and Co.'s official report relative to the transactions between Joseph Windle Cole and Messrs. Overend, Gurney, and Co.; and in a letter, dated Jan. 7,1856, I told him that I was not the prosecutor in the case of Cole, Davidson, and Gordon, nor was it anypart of my duty to get up the evidence againstthem, adding this question, with its necessarycomment-" Whatcanbe more simplethan tracing the securities, warrants, &c., that have been placed in Overend and Co.'s hands by those bankrupts sabsequent to October, 1353, upon -which they have pocketed so large a sum? Surely this is your duty; it cannot be mnme." This was the limit of my suggestions to 3L-. Charles Pearson. Had I " abounded" in vague "assertions," it is not likely I should have refrained from making them to others as well as to the City Solicitor, and there was one person in particular with whom I was in communication during the whole of the proceedings against Davidson and Gordon, who would naturally have been the recipient of every opinion I might express on the whole question. That person was Mr. George (at that time the confidential clerk of Mlessrs. Linklater and Co., solicitors to the fiat against Davidson and Gordon), who writes as follows " 35, Eing- street, Ch eapsid e, London, Janue 13. "Dear Sir,-In reply to your note I beg to state that, during the numerons interviews I had with you relative to the prosecution of Davidson and Gordon, you never intimated to me that there w as any ground for supposing either the INo. 1 or No. 2 of Mr. Charles Pearson's letter, and I may add that the evidence you enabled the solicitors for the assignees to procure was exceedingly valuable. I cannot help thinking that the City Solicitor has misunderstood you because you stated the facts so differently to me. " I am, dear Sir, yours truly, " CHARLES GEORGE. " Seton Laing, Esq." Bnt Mr. Pearson himself is not chary of making assertions. He says that I yearned for " a more substantial sort of justice than even a successful prosecution of Davidson and Gordon was calculated to afford." He will not read my denial of his accusation for the first time in this place; for on the 31st of December last, in reply to the letter a great part of which he printed in your columnrs I distinctly laid down the principles upon which I had acted throughout the whole affair. I said, "My grand object has been, not to obtain back the property of which I have been defrauded, but rather to protect the public against similar frauds, and openly to denounce a gang of swindlers the moment I had sufficient proof to act upon. I can lay claim to a far purer n:otive than the paltry consideration of a few thousands of pounds. By remaining 'passive,' and acting in a similarly dishonourable manner to Mir. Chapman, I could have pocketed 1,5G01. offered to me by Cole's attorney, and saved 8001. legal expenses, sums far above any dividend likely to arise from the bankrupts' estate. I hlave used, and shall continue to use, all legitimate means at my disposal, either for the purpose of the recovery of my property, or of instituting criminal proceedings against other persons implicated, in the event of your failing to do so, at the same time reserving to myself the right of making free use of your last communication to me." The public will judge by what motives I have been actuated, and how far I have kept my word; they will also, I trust, acquit me of the charges preferred against me by Mr. Pearson of having acted unfairly towards himinmakinghis letter public. One word in conclusion. MIr. Pearson, setting forth his own misstatements as mine, declares them to be the creation of my imagination, and sneeringly observes that "very lively imaginations are seldom accompanied by a very accuiate memory." MIr. Pearson's "imagination" may very yossibly qualify him for the post of " poet laureate," but his memory is scarcely accurate enough for a lawyer, or he would not have made so notable a misstatement as that which appears at the commencement of his communication to you. He there says,-"In October last I was directed by the sitting alderuan to institute a prosecution against Davidson and Gordon." This is not the fact. The instructions to prosecute were given by Sir Peter Laurie on the 26th of June, and Mlr. Pearson conducted the examination of the banlrupts until the end of July, when. he declared the case against them to be complete. I am. Sir- von,r most obedient servant. SETON LALING. 39, Mincing4lanc, June 13.
AN- ENGGLISE PICKPOCKET IN PA.IS.-A young Englishwoman, aged not more than 20, and who gave her name MIary Ann Cowel, was yesterday tried by the Tribunal of Correctional Police for picking pockets. Numerous offences of that nature having been recently committed ont tlef Orleans Railvays two poliCC ccofficers were sent to Choisy-le-Roi, and on .arrivin there they saw the accused walking about by the side of the rver with an Englishman. They at once recoganized her as a profe3sional pickpocket, whlo had been suspected of having exercised her calling in the church of St. Rioch, in Paris. They kept a closo 'watch on her and her companion, and after about an hour's promenade saw them go to the station. There the man took two tickets for the approaching train to Paris, and he gave the woman one of them. After that they ceased to speak to each other, and even separated as strangers. They, however, both got into the same carriage, hut the man followed the woman as if by chance, and they said nothling to each other. On arriving in Paris, although they had no lggage, they went into the room where the trunks and pareels were to be distributea, and the woman immediately went into the thinkest of the throng, while the man stood a little apart, evidently on the watch. " Never," said one of the officers, with a certain degree of admiration, "did I see such a skldful operator as this young lady-and I don't believe that her superier exists. Sho lifted up the pockets -with her left hand, and groped in them with her right with incredible dexterity and grace." Owing to the crowrd, however, they could not see that she actually took anylthing from the pockets shexearched. Ater-a while they seized her; and at the same moment the man slipped away and has not since been found. The prisoner, who wept bitterly, and who was3 unable to speal; French, was sentenced to 1S monthsS imprisonment, and on the expiration of them to be iexpelled from FranLce.- Gak,rne7si' llfes36cacir.
MOABY-MARKXT and CITYINTELLIGENCE. Friday Evening. The English funds opened with heaviness this mIalingata decline of an eighth, andprices remained -without nuch fluctuation until nearly the cldoEe of business, -when speculative sales exercised a furthes unfaTourable influence. Diequietude with regard to th e American question appears to have created this depression. lhe first transactions in ConsoLs, hit h left off yesterday 94i to J, were at 94* to c- ex. dividernd, 'whence they ultimately receded to kSito 94, which was the final quotation. Consolsscrip ccsed 2;1.to g prenmium; Bank Stock, 217 to 218; Ptdueed, 93; to 94; New Three per Cents., 94* to z; Annuities, 30 years, 17 ; India Bonds, 6s. to lQs. piemium; Exchequer-bonds, 99 to A; and E2x-cl equer-bills, 6s. to 9s. premium. There was an increased demand for money to-day in the discount-market, and th-o applications at the Pank were more numercus. In the Stock-Exchange 1t1.e inquiry for acccenmodation was not extensive. In the market for foreign secUlities there was little activity, and piices at the close exhibited -weaLness. Transactions took place in Turkish. Six rer Cents. at 991 and -a and in the Four per Cents. Graranteed, at 1031, , and i. The general business cc mprised-Ausfrisan Five per Cents., 811; Cuba Six per Cents., 102 and 102k; Danish Five per Cents., 103; Ecuador, Sew Consolidated, 14; Provisional Land Warrant, 4; Granada, New Active, 17 ; the Deferred, 7; Russian Five per CEnts., 108; Sparish Three per Cents., 47 and 17 ; Spanish Certificates, 6q; Venezuela, 29X; the Deferred, 12i and 13; Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 96 and 96 ; and Peruvian Dollar Bonds, 55. The final prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were MGf. 80c. for money, and 71f. 20c. for the end of the m-onth, showing no alteration. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rate Upon Paris was a shade lower than last post. With xeeard to other places there was no alteration. The corn-market was firm to-day at an advanca of Is. The report of the Liverpool cotton-nmarket for the week shows a limited business and heaviness in quotations. The advices from Hamburg state that a considerable quantity of silver has been sent to Vienna and St. Petersburg, which has caused the rate of discount to advance to 7 per cent., wvhile the exchange oni London has declined in proportion. The returns of the Bank of France for the past rmonth present no material variation, but on the 'whole are less satisfactory than the speculators will hlave anticipated. The bullion has remained nearly stationary, the only alteration being a decrease of 1,7701. The advances to sustain the Bourse have, however, considerably augmented, the increase being 321,COOl. on Rentes, and 120,0001. on railways. The diminished demand for money is shown in a decrease of 1,600,0001. in the discounts and 168,0001. in the circulation, and an addition of 480,0001. to the deposits of the public. The Treasury balance always exhibits an increase at this period, and in the present instance it is 520,0001. The following alludes to difficulties still experienced in obtaining an insight into the adndnistration of the estate of Mlr. Edward Oliver, of Liverpool:- "Liverpool, June 10. *' Sir,-The allusion in The Times of this day to theestate of Edward Oliver and the conduct of his trustees has been cordially received and approved on the Liverpool Exchange. 'I'hese gentlemen have had the management of one of the largest insolvent estates on record, have received very considerable sums of money, paid a very small dividend, and yect have the hardihood to refuse certain creditors wiho have requested information any account of the administration of their trust. "1 A suit in Chancery could, indeed, compel the disclosure; but perhaps the above fact appearing before the world in The Times would induce the trustees, lawyers, and accountants-all highly respectab'e men-to see the danger ard impolicy of thus setting at defiance public opinion and private right. ` - Your constant reader, CREDITOR." The subjoined conununication from the River Plate furnishes the latest details of the commercial and political condition of Mlontevideo and Buenos Ayres. It is satisfactory to observe, that in the firmer State, the steps taken by Lord Clarendon have at length resulted in the Custom-house administration being placed in the hands of the claimants on the loan advanced to the Montevidean Government in 1845. In Buenos Ayres the tendency of afIlairs appears satisfactory. The elections have terminated quietly, the Indians are believed to lhave been pacified, immigration is increasing, and I roeress is making towards the construction of rail'ways, gasworks, and other public improvements * Politically speaking thereis little news to communicate. Oril:e continnes to strengthen his influence through his alliance with Flores, who appears to be blind to the fact, so plai,i to es erybody, that he is a mere stepping ladder that 'will be kicked aside when convenient. These nrcades have heaCed a league to support the legal president, and the powp.,.oes, who readily join it, little imagine they are aiding the ambitious and p?ersonal projects of those from whom he ha; most to fear. The gavccos, however, are tired of war, .nd are busily attending to their cattle and sheep. The latter valuable anin:a's are rapidly increasing, and pr mise, btf tie many years, to furnish a quantity of wool that wiU col pete in value v-ith the exports of all other produce. Twu seladeros are actively at work, and business wears a niio;e healthy aspect than fur some time past. The national debt, of wvhich upwards of 100,CO0,000 has already been registered, continues to argment. It is needless to say that the bonos bear but a nominal value, as th,re is no possible chance of their ever being p id. The Custom-ho=e administration has at length b en ideivered over to the parties who advanced a loan to this G;overnient in 1845, under the joint guarantees of Englaid .nd France. This ceremony took place witll adue f, rinality on the 18th ult. The committee of shareholders, cop,pesed of 15 (five of whom are British subj cts), went to the Custonm-house on that miiorning, at 9 o'clcck, whero they yore met by MIr. Th rton, Her 3lajssty's Char-d d'Afl'aires, ard in his presence, and that of the escribaeo and head clhi ks, the Minister of Finance delivered over the administration in due legal form. The Government has appointed n conmmittee of inspection, consisting of five rebpectable citizens. Great praise and credit are due to the president, Doin Gabriel Poereira, and his hlinister of Finance, Don Dorotea Garcia, for concluding this business-for both tLe Chambers, as I said I expected in my last, sanctioned it. Ulp to the last moment it was feared their excellentinitentions would not be carried out. Opposition was set up from everv quarter. Oribe, Flores,Blancos, Colorados, a considerable body of the representatives and senators, aU the dealers in bo7ros and other creditors of the State. Justice is due to Mr. Thornton; there never was a man more zealou, and it appeared that if bis own fortune had depended on the result, he would have scarcely snore completely devoted his time and attention to it. He is very muchrespected both by his countrymen and foreigners, and Lord Clarendon i3 fortunate in having so worthy a representative. Exchange, 41d. "F rom Buenos Ayres we learn that aU the elections terminating on the 30th of March had been confirmed. Treaties are being made with the Southern Indians, which are sa d to promise peace for sorne years. The Governor, Obligado, is soon expected to return to the city. The railway contract bas been concluded w,ith Ir. Bra-gge. There is some talk of another shorter railway being undertaken by a French compary. The new Custom-house is progressing, together with the jetty. It is still hoped the gas will be ready by the 25th inst. The census taken in Buenos Ayres last October has been published. The total population of the city is given as 91,395 souls-siz., Natives, 58S518; Italians, 1'J,k79; Frenchmen, G,480; Spaniards, 5,792; Englishmen, 2,046 ; and other foreigners, 8,278. The Portenius have alNvays boasted that their city contains at least 120,000 inhabitants, and they now add 20 per cent. to the ccnsus, as being incorrectly taken. Among the other foreigners the greatest portion are Montevideans; and the foreigners generally are considered much underrated in the census. There is no cause to expect an immediate rupture betwecn Buenos Ayres and Urquiza; but since the latter declared the commercial treaties void, everybody believes that sooner or later it will come. The Italian military colony at 13ahia Blanca is said to be organizing satisfactorily. Olivieri has entered into a fresh contract with the Buenos Ayres Government to import immigrants, and many French immigrants are expected. There is likely to be some diffe- rence between Urquiza and Paraguay, on account of the latter charging such heavy tonnage dues on Argentine vessels. Treaties of commerce are said to have been concluded between Brazil and the Argentine confederation. At a meetinig of the African Steam Company held this afternoon, Mr. H. W Schneider presiding, the dividend, declared was at the rate of 7 per cent. per annum, and the report and accounts were unanimouslyadopted. It is proposed to remove the seat of business from London to Liverpool, and to apply for a supplemental charter enablinlg the directors to extend operations, and to reduce the nominal value of the shares to the 101. actually paid up. Annexed is an abstract of the report - " The operations during the past year comprise the wozking of the packet service to and from the coast of Africa, the employment for a portion of the time of the Faith and Hope in the transport service, and the sale of the Faith to the Turkish Government. The African packet service has been carried on by the Candace, Ethiope, Retriever, and Gambia, under very disadvantageous circluestances, chiefly owing to the high rate of wages, price of provisions, cost of coal, and increased rate of insurance consequent on the war. The Faith was paid out of the transport service in September, 1855, and purchased by the Transport Board for the Turkish Government, at a valuation made by officers from Her Majesty's dockyards; the price paid, after deducting the amount at her credit m the reserve fund, left a profit on her sale of 1,9001., which has been carried to the credit of the general reserve fund. The Hope was paid off in February, 1850, and is now laid up ready for any service the company can legally undertake. The arrange. meats announced in the last report as being in progress for the alteration of the company's steamers, Candace and Ethiope, have been completed. The Candace is now nearly fil ished, and the Etbiope wiU go into dock on her retarn fnm her present voyage. The company's nev ship the iiger, bult by Messrs. tobeit Napier and Sons, of Glasgow, vwas delivered in February, and took the mails of tle.24th c f that month;* she returned from her first voyage on the 4th of Mlay, having p erfonned the service in a satisfactory r.anner within the contract time, and has again sailed with the mails of the 24th of 3fay. The cessation of the war will, it is hoped, materially decrease the expenses of working the African mail line, in the three great items of wages; prossions, and fueL It, however, leaves the company with two vessels which at present, under tbeir charter, they cannot legally employ, except in the service of the Government or in the trade to the West Coast of Africa. To remedy this, the directors propose, for the sanction of the meeting, a reP solution authorizing and requiring them to apply to the Board of Trade for a supplemental charter, enabling them to extend the operations of the company and to reduce the nominal value of the shares to the 101. actuaUy paid upon them. The proprietors are aware that. in addition to the sum of 5,396?. paid into the Court ot Chancery on account of the Forerunner, a further sum of 2,5031. was reserved to meet other contingencies which might arise in this case; 2,3271. of this amount, the directors have now to report, has been paid into Court, in compliance with the decision of the Master in Chancery, that the value of the vessel was 5,W100. - in place of 4,5001. as assessed by the directors, and that one twenty-fourth part of the year's mail money must also be forfeited by the company as part of her freight. In order to replace these sums, amounting to 7,7231., an indemnity account has been opened, which is credited with 5 per cent. on the freight earned in the African mail service; during the past year this credit has amounted to 999!., reducing the sum at the debit of the account to 6,7231. Oing to the company's steamers Faith and Hope having been chartered by the Govornment for the transport service, the directors found themselves, on the 31st of October last, in a position to declare a dividend for the half-year then ended at the rate of 7 per cent, per annum; and the board are able to recommend that a dividend at the same rate be declared for the half-year ending the 30th of April last. "TuE REVENUF. ACCOVNT "Shows that the gross income of the company, from freipht, passage-money, postal service, transcrt service, and other sources amounts; for the 12 months ending April 30, 1856 to ... ... 85,862 "That the total charges of all kinds on revenue for the same period, including the transfers made to the reserve fund, amount to ... ... 75,228 10,634 "The dividenddeclared inOctober last amountedto 5,069 "l eaving an available balance of 5,565 "THEx RESERVE FuV\D. " The amount of this fund on the 30th of April, 1855, was ... ... ... ...000 " To which has been added 20 per cent. on the first cost of the ships . ... 24,010 44,010 ":Amount paid for insurance, repairs, &c. 21,343 "Amount of balance at credit of Faith's individual account, transferred to her first cost account ... ... ... ... 7,235 _- 28,578 1I5,432 "Add profit on sale of Faith... ... ... ... 1960 17,392 The following is the fleet of the African Steamship Company:- Tons. I Tons. Hope . .. ... 922 Retriever ... ... 440 Candace ... 675 Gambia. ... 650 Ethiope ... ... ... 675 I Niger ... ... ... 870 A meeting of the St. John del Rey Mining Company took place to-day, Ir. J. D). Powvles presiding, wbhen a dividend of 30s. per share was declared, and the report was ag,reed to. Increased expenditire and dimuinished returns have affected the distribution to the extent of 10s. per share. An attempt was made to impugn the management at Morro Velho, and it was asserted that operations were not conducted in a proper manner. Some discussion also occurred in relation to the audit of the accounts, but no practical result vas arrived at. The decline in the yield of gold, it is hoped, will prove but temporary, as the new works are making steady progress. The following is an abstract of the report Tllie directors have to present a reDort of the proceedings during the past year. On the 19th of November tl:e directors declared the 27th half-yearly dividend on the sh3rrs of the company, at the rate of 40s. per share, payable on the 15th of December. The produce of gold at Morro Velho, from the 11th of March, 1855, to the 21st of March, lF'-. has been 346,031 oitavas. The produce for the 12 i:enths ending the 11th of M1arch, 1855, was 364,428 oitavas. The net profit on the working of the nmines for the past year, including the produce of an additional 10 days, has been 34,4661. ; the numlber of tons of ore stamped in the year ernding the 31st of December last was 86,848; the number of tons stamped in 1854 was 86,433; the extent of stoning ground laid open on the 31st of December last wvas 9.*S.$7 square fathoms; on the 31st of December, 1854, it wa- 841.88 square fathoms; on the 31st of December, 1S-5, 845.38 square fathoms; on the 31st of December, 1S52, 8'4.33 square fathoms; the amount of profit made from the 11th of Mlarch, 1855, to the 21st of March, 1856, beisrg carried to the credit of- profit and loss accouut, leaves that account in credit, after paying the half-yearly dividend due the 1.5th of December last, 20,1001. ; out of which the directors have now to declare a half-yearly dividend of 30s. per share, being 16,5001., leavirg to the credit of profit and loss 3,6001. The supply of ore throughout the year, owing to the prosecution of extra works necessary for the safety of the mine, and for the more effectual reduction of the ore, has been insufficient for the stamps ; and consequently much inferior stone has been stamped which would under other circumstances have been rejected. Upwards of 1,000 tons have also been brought in from the old refuse heap-which, being now very small, consists of vcrv poor mineraL The average standard of ore has been 3.985 oitavas per ton, which is 0.186 oitavas per ton, or about 41 per cent. less than last year. The birlowing statement shows the quantity of ore raised, and the cost and produce for the last three years :-185O, g7, !j7 tons raised, 91,840!. cost, 126,3131. produce; 1854, 80,C43 tons raised, 38,2321. cost, 132,9721. produce; 1853, 85, t'8 tons raised, 87,5941. cost, 136,8671. produce. The inc, ease in the cost is mainly occasioned by the expenditure on the new stamps for restamping the sandc; other causes are also in operation. The actual expenditure on these works, up to the 31st of 2Mlarch, is about 5,5001.; but there has I eei a further ouitlay on miiaterials and stores required for the completion of the work of about 1,5001., which ma:-es the actual disbursement on account of these important works nearly 7,0001. The total cost for their completion is estimated at 10,0001. Thcse additional stamping mills will, as scom as thev get to w-ork, give an immediate increase of returns from the restaimping the sand, which will. there i9 no doubt, from} the rel-eated trials already made, amply ren.unerate the outlay inicurred, and, it is believed, prove^an appreciable addition to the returns. The directors entertaimed sanguine hopes, on making their report last year, that they would have been enabled on this occasion to inform the shareholdfrs of the completion of these new stamps. It is, howvever, expected that the first of the new stamps is by this time actuaDy at work. The Eecretary has recently spent upwvards of two months at Morro Velho, during which period, besides inspecting the mine, the reduction, and the store departments, he iade himself thoroughly acquainted with all the details attending the transacting of the company's business in Brazil. His attention was also particularly directed to the several items of cost, with a view to seeing what improved economy could be intreduced therein, and he was likewise enabled to make arrangenients for the future sale of the gold at Rio Janeiro on more advantageous terms than heretofore. It is satisfactory to the directors to be able to state that the sanitary state of the establishment has been excellent during the whole of the year. The company has to sustain some disadvantages, which unfavourably affect the cost. Timber is ani article of large consumption in the mine. The distance from which it has to be brought of necessity extends as the consumption continues. The increased chargc for carriage increases the cost of placing it at the mines-an evil for which there does not appear to be any remedy. The carriage of stores from Rio has, from various causes, also increased very considerably, and the company is charged twice as much for this service as it was three years ago. In provisions, too, the adv ance in prices bas been as steady and alnmost as rapid, being nearly double what they were five years ago. It is unnecessary to observe that an advance in the latter unfavonrably alfects the cost both of labour and materials of every description. "The following is the financial position of the company:- eIn England-Cash at Barclay's, 2,218!. * bills receivable, 14,0001.; making a total of 16,218?. To pay-Draughts running, 1,4561.; dividend now declared, 16,500!.; or 17,950I. ; leaving to be provided out of the next remittance from BrazUl 1.7381. " In Brazil-Cash at -Lorro Velho, 4,4021.; ditto in hands of Wm. Harrison and Co., 2,968!.; or 7,3701. To pay in Brazil-Salaries and wages, 2,2361. estinmated expenses of working the mines for two months, 14,0001. ; or 16,2361. "The reserved fund, on the 31st of May, 18555, was 33,0521., which, with one year's interest, 1,1141., makes a total of 34,1661. In paying the present and future dividends, the directors w%ill be under the necessity of deducting the income-tax. By the balance-sheet it will be seen that the finance of the company does not stand in a right position. The amount at the credit of the capital account is 98,3981.; on the other hand, the amount at the debit of the Morro Velho estate is 100,3741. ; whereby it will be apparent that the capital is not equal to the cost of the property by the sum of 1,976.., without providinjg any capital whatever for the working of the mines. This discrepancy was not inconveniently felt so long as a large sum was always standing at the credit of the profit and loss account. That no longer being the case, the directors propose to transfer from the reserve fund to the credit of canital account a sum of 15,0001. The proeprietors having been accustomed now for some years to receive half-yearly dividends at the rate of 40s. per share may feel some disappoinnuent at finding it redluced to 3t0s. per share. On this head the directors may venture to remark that, prolab!v, few mining concerns have u,aih,tained their dividends withlgreater steadiness than this comiipany has done. The total amount repaid to the propTieturs in dividends since the year 1838, including that noiw declared, has been 366,022t., excusivo of income-tax; anid a reserve fund has been accumulated of 34,1661." At a meeting of the Commercial Dock Company held to-day, the dividend deelared was at the rate ' of 5 per cent, per annum, fiee from income-tax, antd the report was received 3S (ati'factory. ;IL the colonial produce iiturkets dlurinlg the week 'large transactionis have been conluded, and for seveial articles higher rates have been paid. Sugar hasbeen in active demand, and onidrable quantities have been brought to sale, and, with few exceptions,. weredisposedof Pricesnowshowanaveragegadvance of 1s. pe cwt. The trado and refiners still continue to operate freely, but extensive speculative purchases have been carried out. Privately several parcels of importance have'been rold-on the spot, while, in floating cargoes, eight of Havannah, one of Pern3Inbuco, and one of Mf*roini have changed haiids, the market closing vith extreme fnrmness. In tea the transactions have been limited, and occasionally lower rates are quoted. The. plantation Ceylon qualities of coffee have been'in'rather better demand, the good coloury kinds realizing high terms. Native sorts are more sought for, and increased rates have been paid. The rice-market has been tolerably active during the chief portion of the week, several contracts haviDr, been mande for parcels on the spot and afloat at a~n advance. Rather more- business has been transacted in saltpetre, at steadier pricet. Black pepper has been more freely taken at an improvement. The return from the Bank of England for the 'week ending the 7th of June gives the following. results, when compared with the previous week:Public deposits . .. 3,297,127 ... Decrease 389,397 Other deposits ... . ... 10,734,513 ... Decrease 10.753 Rest . .. ... ... 3,209,246-Increase 8,053 On the other side of the account:.- Government securities l... M682=26..JDecrease 929,993 Other securities ... ... 14,333,306-..Icrease 290,8S3 Notes unemployed ... 5,952,735...Increase 2. 266,0Y The amount of notes in circulation is 19,579,3601., being an increase of 25,OOOL; a4d the stock of bullion in both departments is 11,688,418'., showing an increase of 303,7621. when oompared with the preceding return.
- -AxmiuD SuriCID.-A case of some imporf.. ance, as tending, to. throw light on the action of strychnia upon the lhnman ' frame, occurred at Doncaster last wee], and has stnce been the subject of medical investigation. A 'wroman named,M3rgarat, about 34 years of ae, wife of a foreman in.an ironfoundry in Doncaster, -who, it appears, is subject, at long imtervals, to fits of mental aberration, was 1 seized -with great imental depresion a short time baclk, i and attempted to obtain same poison at two or tbree druggists' s'hops, under the pretext. of wantng to. destroy vernin. She, however, failed in her object. Onthe 7th inst. she succeeded in procuring at a6 chymist's a sinZapacket, containingapowdercalleda "ver. minlestiroyer," which she took homne,-and soon afterwards swalloed, togeth'er.withthe paper in which itwas aped. bery shortly afterwards she -was seized with a fit, anz fell 'back upon her head. 2Medica aid was sent for, and an emetic of.sulphate of zinc was given to the patient, who evacnated.the contents of the stomach. Dr. Dunnn then ar-' r.ived, and, finding'her pulse very low, gave her a littlej slherry.wine, w~hen she -was immediatelv seized wish the most violent spasm of the whole muscular system. She became, quite rigid- the head was drawn back, theface turned livid, the hands were clinched, the body fixec, the legs stiff, the calves very hard and in lumps, as in cram p 8he . was .-id upon the floor, her pulse was gone, ad she Was to all appearance dead. In about a minute and a-half she again breathed, and slowly recovered. Ti:ncture of iodine- was then administered to her in doses of 15 drops every 15 minutes. From the first dose the spasms became less and less severe until about 5 o'clock, when she hlad one more seizure, but mot nearly so bad as the first she experienced at 1 o'dcock. The spasms were verv slight from 5 to 9 p.m-, when they entirely ceased, and the' chymiical antidote wvas discontinued. The patient passed a. quiet night ; on the foUowing morning, she complained -very. much 'of headache, numbness of the whole body, and was unable to use- her lower limbs. Opium was then administered, and in two days she almost entirely recovered- The powder the poor woman took conta'med strychnine. A*' similar use of "vermin powder" was made by a person-ini Leeds-in Iay last year, which unfortunately resulted in death.., ' [Advertiseinment.]-Caution to the Xedical Profession.- The Iledical Dir cdto4-Wheren va Circula is now being issLed to members of the profeeion. wh:cb, from the Sia2lRYit of the informationasonght:ixa inulited to-bo mistalen for the ircular anmuallyissoedthe first,eeklo Augotbyt-be Editor of the London and Provcil.-Media-Directo-Pub seOdbY 31r. Chmchh this caution is inserted to fcuatrate tbil atttlt at palorlag off a pijrious imitation of the odiginas'woffcwidth h,s won o itae the umversal patroaso of the profration and the rnblic. Ihe rAnnul Cirular o the llondon an Por octa 3redicJ1 r Ory will be isenaed ast heretofomre. the Sort week in ugum,st. it bera p~edeut to leave it to the latest p>ossble d ate so sastv eulre dOC4f1Q icnMe meaClsxeOdiOgt9cQ.
I RAILWAY TRAIC XETUR; . The following are the recip1is of 31r*waysI y-f pI3X week:- , I , , ,, ,,, C,, The traffic returns of railways ir the united lingdom n'ililiEshed for the 'week ending June 7 amounted, to 435,072i, and for the orresponding -week of'1855 to 396,0481., sh6iiing anincrease of 39,3241. The gEross receipts of the gelibt railways having their trmini in the metropolis amountea for the weeTk ending as above to 193,6011., and for t]ie corresponding week of last year to 174,S971., showing'An increase of 18,7041. The incre.Se on the Eastern Conrities Railway amounted to 1,1421., cn the Great Northern to 2,8181.; on the Greati Western to 4,6171., on the London and North-Western to 5,3371.; on the London, Bright. ton, and South Coast to 730L.; on the London and SouthWesterntot 1,9771.; and. on the South-Eastern to 2,261.; total, 18,7071.; but from this must be deducted 31. 'tha decrease on the London and Blackwall, leaving the increase as above, 18,7041. The receipts on the other lines in the -initea kingdom amounted to 241,77712, and for the corresponding peirod of 1855 to221,1517.,, showing an increase of 20,6201. in the receipts of those lines, which, added to the increase on the metropolitafi lines, makes the total increase ;3,3241., as compared wvith the corresponding week of 1855. IONDON AND SOlTJ-WESTERN A special meeting of this comnpany was held yesterday at the Wfaterloo-bridge station tV consider several- bills-in compliance withthe standing orders of the House of Lords, T3r. . J. Chaplin, ILP., in the ch'air. Klr. Cnoamnr, the secretary, having read the advertisement convening the meeting. The C rasiAw said, the first bill he had to sanbmit was one auEthoerzin a railway from YEovil to Exeter, to be called the "Exeter lixtension EailwaIn7" There were four other bills on the list, but only three c:E them would be submitted. These bills were promoted by independent companies, and the lines -proposed to be made by them must become tributary to the traffic of the South-Western Company. These companies reauired permission to forn junctions with the -main ine and to mak-e working arangements for the traffic. As the shareholders were opposed to maldngany further extensions or branches at the cosd of. the Company, it was satisfactory that other parties came forward to niake them at their owzn cost. The bill for the Yeovil and Eaxeter E:tension vas read the third time in the House of Comiaons and passed. It had passed through the Commons without any alteration worth 3ieentionimg. The only opposition they had bLd was from the GreEt Western Company, wh'o wanted to have the mixed gauge laid down on the line; 'but it was thought that- the broad gauge lime fiom Yeovil to Exeter, belonging to the Bristol need Exeter Bailw3y Company, was quite sufficient for the Great Western in the dis-rict. The commnittee rejected the application for the mixed gauge, and determined that it should be a rarrow-gauge line. 2Mr. Bn:asr, the solicitor. then read the heads of the bill, authori;ing the South WVeslern Company to make a railway from Yeovil to Exeter. ]It specified that the line should be completed as a single line, aud opened for traffic by the end of December, 166L The company had alan power to make it aldoubl line when required. It was tobe worked in connexion with the SalisburyandYcovil line now in course of construction. The South-Western Compauy had power to subscribe [.00,000!.towards the construction of the Salisbury and Yec-vil, anil to becomeso shareholders,' having a Mi1iZZnUm Ireference of 4 per cent. and a rateable proportion of any higher dividend on the Salisbury and Yeovil Railway in respect of the 100, 0001., if subscribad. Two SouLth-Western directors were to be) nlaced on the board of the Salisbry and Yeovil Company.; The South-Western would thus hold one-fourth of the share capital, and be entitled to one-fourth of the votes in that' company. l'he Salisbury and Yeovil Company were bonnd to open their line in 1859. There were two clauses in the bill relating to the direc-tors of the South-Western Conepany-one increased the qualificution of each of the directorisfrom 1,0001. stockto 3,0001. stock, either ordinary, preferential, or both. The existing directors were to hold that qualification within three months after the passing of the act, and any candidate for a sea- at the board should not only hold that qualification at the time of beconing a candidate, but for a period of 12 months prior to that date. There was also a clause giving power to the shareholders of the South-Western Company to turn out any director by the votes of three-fifths of tne shareholders represented at a meeting of the company specially convened for the purpose. Mr. HITCunmms said, the menibers of the present board' held more than 3,000Z. each in the company. Mr. HlEs's suggested that certain clauses from;the Comnpanies Clauses Consolidaiion Act should be inserted in the bill with a view to improve it, and define the business of. ordinary and extraordinary meetinlgs of the company. ; Mr. BIRICIX, the solicitor, recommended the shareholders not to adopt the suggestion, as it would only tend to further complicate their affairs,. htr. Serjeant GASSLE: considlered that the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act was a directors' act, and that the clauses in the present acts of the company were much better for the shareholders thlan those in the general act. hr. WOOD objected to the 1i11, because he considered that the extension line wouldnever pay. * After some observations from 1Lr. JiAGLSFIXLD and 3/r-: MIr. HELPs said, be would vote against -the bilL He would not do anything having the sembl5nce of assenting to, an act that he considered was an. unprecedented perveion of legislative power, and a gross violation of the principles of commercel enterprise. The resolution approving the bill was carried,-on a showof hands, by 5 to 1 infavour of thei measure. The CHiarzNx then proposed a bill for incorporating the Salisbury Railway and hYarket-lhcuse Company, to make a railway and market-house at Salisbury. It appeared the capital was 12,0001, subscribed- by the inhabitants, and that there was a clause 'authorizing the South-Western and Salisbury and Yeovil com,panies to sulbscribe L,00i The latter clause was strongly objected to by Mr. Serjeant GAsETLE wbo pledged his honour thatit had never been: mentioned it the board, and be h&I never heardofit before. =Mr. Bia ornam having explained how the clause became inserted in the bill, A resolution -was passed approving the powers givers ta. the company in the bill, with the exception of the clause for subscriblng money. ' l * The next bill submitted -was for making& Tailwayfrotg the Dorchester line to Blandford Saint Ma_ry. The length. of the line would be 10 miles, and the South-Western Corm-' pany'wero to makce arrangements to work thc line. ' : This bill was approved. The last bill submitted -was for making a railway' froin Lymingtoa to the South-WFestern Railway at 'Brocken-' The CJIsURMAN- stated 1hat the line would be four miles in length, Lnd would terminate at a Wharf in Lymin igton It would afford a new way by ateamboats' to .the Llo oE. Wight. -, : r 'hI1. HERArATr thought they sliould Afford ev faeilitW' to local-parties forzmng isaefnlHines of AilayaTtheir otiu, expense. Even if the compauies ldet alittle oneway there-was evcr4 probability they wouldfi'nore thlan c6v&r it'byin.i creased-tr2*iCovertheirnisali'-ne. *1r.-HuTJruss, hLP -tookte eVeWOEltauC1ilI,T anid could assarethemtlitthe sre liit of the 'Lyington Company 'consisted of a number ofr zmall-saebsMcibesb J tradessneu ,ineih.ats, a. d others localyInterested -r i; A, esolution approving the bill was passe4qad tad Lmetint8 separated. i ' - E
ro3i: THE TURF !-The Doncaster Gazette obsen-es, in the course of an article upon the "racing revelations" in the case of Palmer :-" View this case in what light you will, and, as is always true of deeds of darkness, the more light you let upon it the more foul does it appear. llo wonder, then, that thousands of people have lately put the question to themselves, 'Are racing men ever, often, always such as these ? Is the turf-life at all such as it seems to be from these ' revelations r' Now, without answering tnis oqestion directly, it must be confessed that sporting rnen of the Cook and Palmer class are very much en the increase. It seems impossible to deny this. Eook at the entries of our owvn St. Leger now and 30 years ago. There was then hardly an unknown name amonz them. At the present time the names of the majority are known indeed on the turf and in the ring, but hardly off the one or out of the other. Now, we are no aristocrats in racing matters. We believe the infusion of fresh blood is just as useful there as it is elsewhere. The trading black-leg, whether patientless doctor or briefless attorney, the shifty forger, the man who supports himself for a while by imitating his mother's signature or forestalling his brothers insurance-this kindandtypo of sporting man, we need hardly say, we entirely loathe and repudiate. He is as great a disgrace to the true ' turf ' as an inmmoral clergyman is to the pulpit, or a corrupt Judge to the bench; *and the laws of the ' turf,' as far as they can reach such cases, deal with them in a very summaryand unmistakable wLy. But we are inclined to lay the chief blame of these 'black' black-legs on the more aristocratic portion of sporting men, for two reasons. First, they who have the best means of knowing what such persons really are too often recognize them, encourage them, bet with them, in short, use them; make use of their sharp inteUects and their ill-gotten knowledge. employ them as touters, as book-makers, as finger-posts which point, -without speaking, in a certain direction. They descend, if not qiuite to the level of these worthless fello-s, at least much below their own, in fraternizingin any way vwith them; or they act, quite in another way, almost as mischievously. If they have been taken n-perhaps hst hard by some of these scoundrels, or because such 'vile unmannered knaves' have any way 'come in 'twixt the wind and their nobility'-they give up the turf aItegether, dismiss their trainer, dispose of their stud; and thus leave the field open for the Coolks and the P31mers, and id /c;UnS onz4e, who fly upon the spoil just as hungry jackals on the dead carcase which the lion has left after his solitary meal. You may talk as you please about reform- reform the church,' 'reform the law,' ' reform the wholo system of physic' ' reform your tailor's bills;' but we say and feel this that reform is nowhere more needed than on tile ' turf,' if it is to retain its true sporting character, and not to degenerate into commercial speculations (or peculations) of a very dirty and uninteresting nature." We (Il Werei ampton Cihroniide) understand that the Attorney-General has presented a petition to the Lord Chancellor, praying thatrr. -W. W. Ward may be " exoherated" from his office as one of the coroners for this county. Mr. Ward will be heard in opposition to the application in the course of a short time. LTVERPOOL, Jine 12.-The Canadian mail steamship Anglo-Saxon, which took her departure hence for Montreal and Quebec on the4thi,has put into Creenoclc, her machinery having sustained damage. A communication received to-day states that she will proceed on her voyage this evening. NEWCASTLE-ON-TYfE,Junell.-The Lord Raglan, iron -screw-steamer, will not sail from this place for Cronstadt, with the mail bags, until Saturday, the 14th. - CHExSn,-The quantity of cheese imported into the united kingdom last year amounted to 384,1922cwt., of which 317,189cwvt. came from Europe, and 67,001 from the United States of America. The quantity of foreign Eihopean cheese exported frgm the kingtas was 5,347cwt,
LAW REPOR. VICE-CHANCELTOR'S COURPT. J'E 13. DEEXS V. STANHIOPE. (Before Vice-Chancellor Sir R. T. KmNDxsmu.) 'this bil was tiled by certain proprietors of shares in the Marylebone Bank (an undertaking now in course of winding up in the 3faster's office) against the Earl of Harrington (tben Colonel Stanhope, and other persons, as directors of the bank and the representatives of those who were deceased, charging that they had grossly misconducted the manage. ment of the company, which was a partnership under the Banking Act, with a deed of settlement. The charges were chiefly that the directors allotted shares to several of their own body, not requiring payment of the calls, that they suffered some largely to overdraw their accounts, and allowed cash credit accounts to be opened in their favour, and with their relatives and friends without security, and permitted one of their body to appropriate to his own use the securities belonging to the company. That they caused false statements of the condition of the affairs to he exhibited to proprietors, to mislead and deceive them, and neglected to form a guarantee fund, which the deed of settlement provided they should do, and applied to their own use large sums belonging to the shareholders, and by these acts of misconduct large losses wereincurred ; and the bill praved an account generally against the directors of all the transactions coming under the above heads, and that they might be declared personally liable for what should hoe found due from them, and for a receiver. There were also charges of a transfer of the business to the London and Westminster Bank, of which a large sun was borrowed, of a sale of the busiess premises, a dismissal of the officials, and the closing of the businea in August, 1841, having commuenced in September, 1836. Some of the directors were in insolvent circumstances, and some of the shareholders had paid off balances due to customers, matters which were being adjusted in the Master's office, and the cause now came on at the hearing, the evidence being contained in the ponderous books of account, 151 in number, and the chief discussion during the proceeding of the case has been as to the several acts of the several directors, and the mode in which the accounts had been kept. Bills had been drawn, and allowed to remain with the London and Westminster flank, and actions had been brought upon them, and cancellation of shares was also charged to have taken place. To this bill answvers had becn put in; and, after a litigation reaching from December, 1842, to the present time, the case is now to be disposed of. Mr. Baily and Mr. W. W. Cooper appeared for the plaintiff.. Mr. GLASSE, Mr. C. P. CooPErR, Mr. Bxosnvx, hr. SounsoxrE, Mr. CoLE, Mr. ERSKINE, Mr. WOODrOFFE, and Mr. Smnurus,r appeared for the defendants, and submitted that the books were not evidence, and that no misconduct whatever was proved against the defendants, who were in no different position from the plaintiffs themselves as regarded the affairs of the partnership, which were as well-known and as open to them asto the directors. Mr. BRuLY was heard in reply. The Vicx-CiLsucELLoan said that he considered it one of the disasters of this bank that this case had occupied such a length of time in discussion, although that did not refer to the necessityof the case, which involvedtheproducingof such ponderous and voluminous books. The bill was filed by the plaintiffson behalf of themselvesandall othersthe shareholders m this bank to recover certain moneys against the directors or their representatives, in respect of transactions making them liable, as was aleged, to pay such moneys; Parties who represented others were permitted to do so in order that justice might not be defeated, and because thos6e they represented were too numerous to bring before the Court; but, although not garties, they were regarded as if they were, and they must ve a common interest, and not a wish merely for the success of the suit; if among the plaintiffs or those they represented there were some not having a right, the biU could not be sustained as to them, and under the old practice there was a misjoinder, but that was not so now, although such parties should be defendants; and it was not competent for actual plaintiffs to join themi as plaintiffs. His Honour then stated the facts as above and observed upon the charges of fraud in the bill against the directors, which were very strong, and were against all who establishedthe bank-, and were characterized as a breach of trust. The bill proceeded upon the assuimption that the whole coneern was one vast fraud, conceived and carried out by all the directors. He need hardly say that where a bill was so based it behoved the plaintiffs to support that representation by evidence; and it had been held that the plaintiff was not entitled at the bar to say, "l rue, I cannot establish the case of fraud, but I can show you a great deal of negligence and want of management," and so get a decree, It was true that in this bill there were charges of negligence here and there, but those statements did not neutralize the character of the bill charging general fraud. A great deal of time had been occupied in investigating the books, not unnecessarily, and the plaintiffi- not establishing their case by evidence, had brought forward such books. If there were this incredible fraud it was capable of some proof, and it was at least competent to the plaintiffs to have the evidence of those who kept the books to assist the Court to understand the transactions in those books, but the plaintiffs had not done so, but, by the help and sLill of an accountant, had endeavoured to trace entries which were unexplained. The plaintiffs ought not to have brought forward such a case unless they could have established it. It was said that a Scotch system of banking was introduced, and Mr. David Hannay was manager throughout for that reason and purpose. His Honour, after all assistance, had had, both here and in the Master's office, the greatest difficulty in understanding the principle upon which some of these books were kept, net that it nught not be very useful, and no doubt the accountants thought so. It was saidthat, starting upon insufficient capital, and much less than that stated in the prospectus, was a fraud, but a deed was executed meanwhile not stipulatin- that business shoulld not commence until so much was subscribed for, but on a fixed day, and it did so; and it appeared at a subsequent period that even then a sum far short of the proposed capital had been -Daid, and this at a meeting where no one suggested that as an objection, and therefore it was out of the question now to complain. There was no ground to say it was a fraud, and if this matter had been prosperous, nothing would have been heard of it. With regard to the neglect to form a guarantee fund, there did not appear to have been any source from which it could be formed, and was in the discretion of the directors, there being nothing to show that it ought to have teen so exercised, and that charge, therefore, utterly failed. There was also a charge of omitting to dissolve the company in the event of loss, but it appeared that such loss had not occurred as represented, aud it was the dutyof the plaintiffs to prove that, which they had not done. The directors had the powei of fLxing their own remuneration, and there having been an investigation by two shareholders, auditors were determined on, who must be supposed to have gone through the accounts, and, havingreported favourably, could this Court say the directors should not be remunerated? It could not. A principal ground of complaint was the attributing shares not paid upon. This charge was made asto some parties, not directors, which therefore must fail; moreover, the plaintiffs must show the ground of the charge, other than the mere entry. The other matter was a serious matter, as appearing in the books-viz., that certain parties had attributed to them shares toa large amount which were afterwards cancelled, and no deposit required upon them. The fact was clear on the books, and it was said that the directors ought-to have known this, and were liable for it. Now Mr. lIaunay could have deposed to this, and yet it had never been alleged by the bill as a special, but a general fraud, and in the absence of all evidence, could the Court say that the plaintiffs could have relief? or, ought the defendants to disprove it? It could not: and so with regard to entering shares; and it appeared to his Honour that he could not give any inquiries even on those subjects, With regard to the cancellation of shares, it was not suggested that the directors derived any benefit from this transaction, and it could not be assumed to be even mismanagement; moreover,it was a matter of discretion, and thTere baing nothing to prevent its being done evidence ought to have been gone into. Some cases were serious, appearing on the answers of some, espcially Lord HIarrington and MIr. Serrall, who, it appeared to his Honour, were not liable, but they bad objected to the rediscounting of bills by Mr. Hannay, and the directors differed on the point, and some retired in consequence-a natural course-and the money paid upon shares was given back. That could not be said to be a fraud, or even neg,ligence, althoug-if the concern was not windingup some liability might remain; but there wasno charge of the kind on the bill, nor was there any evidence of it. The same observations applied to the other cases. But when there was an allegation against Haunay in May, 1841, how could it be asuned that the directors were implicated? It could not. As to permitting individuals to overdraw their accents, and as to the discounting of bills by Hannay, these charges appeared well-founded as to some directors and other persons, and the directors ought to have seen to this matter, and if the matter stood on negligence and breach of trust, the Court could not refuse relief, but it stood on the footing of fraud, and as such could not be sustained. His Honour then referred to the state of the accounts, and observed that they might not have accurately represented the affairs, and perhaps intentionally, but that could not be attributed to the directors on the pleadings and evidence. His Honour did not conclude his judgment until nearly 5 o'clock, when he dismissed the bill against all the defendants,-as against Hannay's representatives without costs; as against the others with costs. As to a part of the case relating to Mr. Harris, the holder of notes, and with respect to whom there was a question of debt between the Marylebone Bank and the London and Vestminster Ba^nk, the costs must be reserved, as tar as regarded this part of the case, until after inquiry, andthe injunction which bad been granted must be continued. If the inquiry were not taken, then the bill must be taken as dissnissed with costs. His Honour complimented the official manager for the impartiality and assiduity wvith which he had given valuable aid- to all the parties in the cause.
COURT OF QUEEN'S BENCH. WE.STImRTE .Tnx, 12 rrDDITLPH V. LORD CAMOYS ANT) nnp.pI (Sittings at NFsi P)rius, beforc L6ord CAMPBELL and S/pcci<eZ Juieiis.) When the names of the special juryiien summoned in this cause were called over only five of them answered to their names. Lord CAMrBELL inquiredin each case whether the parties hadbeen properly summoned, and, being satisfied on that point, his Lordship imposed a fine of 101. on each absent juryman who had not forwarded a satisfactory exccuse for his absence. A tales being prayed, seven common jurymen were sworn on the jury to malke up the number-12, and the trial proceeded. The action was in ejectment, and was brought to recover possession of the Grange estate at Burslem, in the coimty of Stafford. The plaintiff was Anthony Johni Wright Biddulph, and the action was defended, as to one moiety, by Lord Camoys, and, as to the other moiety, by the assignees of Anthony George Wright Biddulph, a bankrapt., The questions at issue arose on the construction of the will of Richard fiddulph, made in the year 1765, and a deed subsequently made; the effect of which deed, together with the other matters arising on the will, it was arranged should be reaerved for the opinion of the Court. The only fact' in L4.ute was whqther Thomas Biddulph, nephew to the original testator, had any issue,-a fact which was admitted, provided the certificates of baptism in France, which were tendered in evidence, were properlyadmissible. Sir F. Thesiger, Mr. Hill. Q.C., and Mfr. Badeley ap peared for theplintiff; Sir F. Kelly, Mr. Keating. Q.C., MIr. Fleming, and Mlr. Lush, for Lord Camoys; and Mr. Bevill, QO., and Mr. Phipson for the assignees of the boankrupt, A G. W. Bidduiph. Verdict for the plaintiff, subject to a special case. Two other actions.-the one for the recovery of Bidduiphhall,'at Biddulph, in the county of Stafford, and the other for the recovery of Brambletye-hall, at East Grinstead, in the county of Surrey-followed the same course. RUSSELL V. LLOYD. Mfr. Hawkins and Mfr. Jacobs appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., and Mr. Serjeant Ballantine were counsel for the defendant. This was an action by the endorsee of a bill of exchange for 3001. against the acceptor. The defendant pleaded several pleas, denying her acceptance of the bill and the several endorsements, and alEo alleging that the bill had been delivered to one Lloyd to be discounted for the defendant, and that he, in fraud, kept the bill and endorsed it to James Russcll, by whom it was endorsed to the plaintiff, with notice of the fraud, &c. The defendant also pleaded that she accepted the bill in the lifetime of her husband. The acceptance and endorsements being proved, Mn. Serjeant BAKLLAXrNTE (in the absence of Mr. James] said the plaintiff in this action had been examined on interrogatories, and it appeared from his answers that he was a scrivener, living in two rooms at Salford, for which he paid Es. a-week rent. He also stated that he was a betting man, and that his winnings upon the turf amounted to about 3007. a.year. In answer to a question as to the consideration which he gave for the biU he said he had paid his brother 220!. in bank-notes, but he was unable to state any particulars about the number or dates of the notes; and as the bill, which was a 15 months' bill, had not been endorsed to the plaintiff tiU within a few days of its becoming due, the case was pregnant with suspicion. He (Mr. Serjeant Ballantine) would call the defendant, an elderly lady of 75 years of age, and she would state that she had signed the bill during the lifetime of her husband, which would entitle her to a verdict, on the plea of coverture. It would be for the jury to say whether they could rely on her recolleetion. The defendant was then called, but, instead of the aged widow arrayed in weeds of black, whom we expected, there appeared a lady, old, indeed, but dressed in a light silk dress, with sea green bonnet and ribands, white veil, primrose-coloured kid gloves, and smelling bottle. She admitted her signature to the bill, but she said she had no recollection of the matter any further. She did not recollect iwhen she had signed it, but she distinctly swore that it was not since her husband's death. Herhusbanddied in November, 1854, and the biU purported to be drawn on the 11th of January, 1855. She said she had been in the habit of signing checks drawn by one of her stepdaughters, but nothing ele. This evidence was confirmed by the two stepdaughters, except that they added that their stepmother had also signed receipts. They had not seen her sign any bill since their father's death, nor had they seen their brother, the drawer of the bill, at the house, since that event. The answers of the plaintiff to the interrogatories were nut in and read. Mr. J.WOBS then addressed the jury in reply, and contended that if the defendant accepted the bill m blank, and Authorized her stepson to fill it up, her authority continued ifter her husband's death, and she would be stiU liable on the bill, though drawn after the death. Lord CAmPiLL, in summing up the evidence, said the plaintiff gave a very suspicious account of himself, and he left it to the jury to say whether the defendant had authotized the bill to be drawn upon her after her husband's leath, and, on the jury answering that question in the negative, his Lordship directed a verdict for the defendant. HILL v. GIBBON AND ANOTER. Mr. Serjeant Thomas and MIr. Beasley appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Serjeant Parry and Mr. Petersdorff for the defendant. The plaintiff in this action, Henry Hill, formerly kept the t;o5pel Oak publichouse at flaverstock-hill, Hampstead, =ndhe sued the defendant, Henry Gibbon, the landlord of the house, and William L. Harris, a broker, to recover damages for an excessive distress levied on the plaintiff's goods on the 29th of June last. The defendants pleaded Not Guilty" by statute. It appeared from the plaintiff's evidence that on the 24th of June, 1855, the sum of 421. became due for arrears of rent, and that on the 29th of the same month a distress was put in by the landlord. After remaining in possession till the 4th of July, the broker sold the stock of spirits, fur. niture, and effects for the sum of 43!. s., which left aasuyn of 918s. 8d. still due to the defendants: in respect of expenses, k-c. The plaintiff's witnesses stated thevalue of the goods to be 130l. Mr. Serjeant PARRY, for the defendant, called several witnesses, who proved that the distress was not excessive, and that the best price was got for the goods seized. Lord CAMIPBELL then summed up the evidence, and The jury, after some short consideration, found a verdict for the defendants.
COTJRT OF COMMON PLEAS. WVESn T:.T JTr. 1. (Sittings at Nisi Pritts, after Termlf, before Air. Justice WiEaS, and Commion Juries.) This was the first day of the sittings after Term. The cause list contains an entry of 54 causes, of which 11 are remanets; of these 22 are marked for special juries. MALLETT V. rAxPcRa. This was an action on an attorney's bill, to which the defendant pleaded never indebted, and paid 111. into court. Mr. Warren, Q.C., and Mfr. Hawkins appeared for the plaintiff; andMr. EdwinJames, Q.C., and Mr. Wood, for the defendant. The plaintiff, an attorney, it appeared, was employed b the defendant to sue for a debt. The action was succes2f, but the defendant got nothing. The defendant had advanced various sums to the plaintiff to cover costs out of pocket, and had let him have his watch to pawn and raise money upon. The sum now in dispute was 22L., which the defendant contended he was not bound to pay, as it purported to be for work done hefore the retainer to the plUn. tiff was signed, and, in addition to this, that he had already paid him enough for the work he had done, which had resulted in benefit to the pl aintiffdalone. The jury found a vexdict for the defendant. The other causes tried were of no interest.
COURT OF EXCHEQUER. FRIDAY, JTul1 13. HILT. V. XRPX5qT. (Sittintis at Nisi Prims before t1ue CIEF BARoN.) Mr. Serjeant Thomas and Mr. Griffits were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Knowles and Mr. Henderson appeared for the defendant. The plaintiff is a tailor in Bond-street, and this was an action against the defendant for 361., being the amount of his bill for clothes supplied during 1S months, extending over 1853 and 1854. 'he defendant pleaded infancy, and theplaitiff replied "necessaries." It appeared from tne evidence of the plaintiff that the articles in question were supplied to the defendant at the house of his father, who is a solicitor residing in the city. The father of the defendant proved the infancy of his son during the period in question, and that his son was articledl to him after he quitted Tonbridge School, and that he allowed him ample pocket money, and opened a credit for him with a city tailor, with directions to supply him with necessary and suitable apparel, but to apply to him (the father) in the event of the defendant giving any extravagant order. In p.ursuance of this arrangement the defendant obtained a supply of clothes from the firm in question to the extent of upwards of 401. concurrently with the supply from the plaintiff, and also from a third tailor, hut to a smaU amount. These transactions were unknown to the defendant's father till the plaintiff's bil camne to his hands by accident, vwhen he wrote to them stopping the account, and also to his own tailor to the same effect, the result of which was, as far as to-day appeared, that, though his son had in 1854 many more clothes than were necessary, he had no fresh clothes during 1855. The CnnFc BARON left it to the jury to say whether the goods supplied to the defendant were necessaries at the time of their supply suitable to his rank in life. It did not alter this question, that in consequence of the superabundant supply in 1854, and the stoppage of the defendant's credit by his father, ho had not obtained any more clothes The jury at once returned a verdict for the plaintiff for the full amoiunt claimed. NVILKISON V. FOOT. MIr. Serjeant Balantine and Mr. Barnard appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Giffard (with whom was Mr. Serjeant Parry) appeared for the defendant. This was an action of trespass for giving the plaintiff into custody on a charge of stealing a gold seal and chain, and a quantity of silk, to which the defendant pleaded a justification. It appeared that the plaintiff was a porter in the service of the defendant and his brother, who are silkmanufacturers, in Spital-square, and that in October last the brother of the defendant gave him a coat. When the plaintiff took this present home he found some letters and a seal and chain in it, which he to-day swore he mentioned to the donor, who told him to take care of it; n-hereupon he tied up the contents of the coat in a parcel, which be deposited in his box. On Saturday, the 26th of April, a quantity of silk having been stolen from the premises of the defendant (where the plaintiff alone slept), a policeman was sent for, and the box of the plaintiff searched with his entire consent, he at the same tsme protesting his entire ignorance of the loss of the silk. The result of the search was the discovery of the parcel, and, as the brother of the defendant, when its history was given by the plaintiff, denied aU recollection of it, except in so far as the gift of the coat was concerned, the defendant gave the plaintiff into custody. At the conclusion of the plaintift's case, which went on to show that on the Monday he was discharged by the magistrate, The CsnF B,ALtoN directed the jury to find a verdict for the defendant on the ground that, as there had been a felony by some one as regarded the silk, the discovery of the gold seal and chain, and the contradiction given to the story of theplaintiff, afforded abundant, reasonable, and probable cause for the clarge which had been preferred against the plaintiff by the defendant. The jury thereupon found for the defendant, but execution was stayed till next term, to admit of the above ruling being discussed. The entry for the sitting embraces 74 causes, of which 19 are marked for trial before special juries.
EXCHEQUThER CILMBER. JuE 13. 31Y2ERS ANT ATTTPg V 'kiTT1T, (Sitings iit Error, before Barons ALDEPSO2N and MAIITINy and Justices COIDEnmGE, WIGHTmAN, EPLE, a,i-l CROMPTON. The plaintiffs brought this action against the defendant as the alleged owVner of a ship called the Celt, for damages for the non-conveyance of a cargo of guano shipped for the plaintiffs, and for advances made by them to the master. In .July, 1S51, Brandeis, being sole owvner of the Celt, sent her on a voyage to Valparaiso for a cargo. Brandeis's name appeared as registered ownaer. On the lat of August Brandeis exsecuted an absolute bill of sale of the ship to Willis for 1,0001., and that was entered on theregister. It was intended, in fact, to be only a collateral security. The captain of the ship obtained an advance from the plaintiffs. The vessel wa, afterwazds re-transferred to Brandeis. The vessel was afterwards iniured and condemned. The plaintiffs then made their claim on the defendant, who denied his liability. The Court of CommnonPleaslheldthat theregister alone was no longer evidence of the ownership of he vessel. andin the opinion of the Court the defendant only intended to mor'gage the vessel. for 1,000L, and did not intend that tlie bill of sale should be an absolute transfer of the vessel, which was worth many thousand pounds. Under the cir- cumistances the master could not bind the defendant by any. contract entered into by him in the course of the voyage. The judgment was therefore given for the defendant, upon which there was-this writ of error. Mdr. Serjeant Ca.&<B nowv appeared for the plaint'i-cu contending that the owner had intended durmng the time the vessel was at sea to adopt all the acts of the master, and that the bill of sale operated as an absolute transfer, and not as a mortgage. Mr. Honeyman was on the other side, hut wvas not called upon. -Mr. Baron AnDERo.N said it was clear that this bill of. sale was not intended to operate as an absolute transfer, but as a mortgage. 'Judgment affirmed. 1LI.SLETT V. BURT. This was an action for breach of covenant. Haslett had obtained a lease of some premises from Burt, and had cove-- nanted not to remove any erections or improvements which had been made during the term of the lease. Haslett had taken out the old shop window and hid put a very handsome one in its place, but this was only wedged i rand not absolutely affixed to the house. Before the lease expired Has]ett took out the new window and rep7aced the old one, and Burt then brought his action for breach of covenant. The niatter had been referred to arbitration, and then the question of law as to whether this was such a fixture as under the lease belonged to the lesso was left for the decision of the Court of Common Pleas, and that Court held that the plaintiff could recover. The defendant below (Haslett) then brought a writ of error. Mr. HA5vscVnS was heard for the plaintiff in error, contending that this window could not be considered a fiture. Mr. . E. TURx'.ER argued, on the other side, that it was such a fixture that it could not be removed. In the course of the discussion M1r. Justice WiGn'MIX said it was to be regretted that the damage should be so small, 151., and the litigation so great, for he observed that the costs were now upwards of 100!. Br. Baron ALDERSOx said the alleged damage was 15. Here was an action, then an arbitration, then an argument in the Court of Common Pleas, then, an argmnenit in the Court of Error, and perhaps the case might be taken to the Honse of Lords, and all for 151. However, the case was now here, and the Court must deal with it. The COURT took time to consider. Mr. Baron ArDERSON said the great difficulty was to know what the Court had to decide.
AD}2RALTY COURT. Ju?z 13. T=E . (Hefore Dr. LyJSBIGTOw-i I This was a suit brought by the Josephine Willis against the screw steamship Mangerton to recover compensation for a total loss, occasioned by reason of a collision between them in the channel on the 3d of FebrLary last. The case was only part heard when the Court rose.
POLICE. Bows-sTRn T.-A ferocious-looking foreigner, named Martin Bolta, who lives in an infamous den in Short'sgardens, and associates with theworst of characters, was charged with the following atrocious assault:- As Mr. Young, the landlord of the Harrison Arms, in Harrison-street, Gray's-inn-lane, was passing through Endell-street in the evening, he picked up a sixpence which lay on the k-erbstone. The prisoner andatwo other ruffians came over to him from the opposite side of the way, and attempted to fasten a quarrel upon him, but he threw the sixpence up and went away. Thei prisoner followed himn, armued With a crossing-sweeper's broom, which he bad taken from one of his comrades, and with which he knocked the complainant down. When Mr. Young recovered his feet he observed that the broom-handle was broken, only a short stump remaining in prisoner's hand. With this weapon the prisoner " jobbed " him in the eye in the most brutal maunjer, inificting a serious wound. -e;s -the complainant declined to press the charge to the sessions, the prisoner was fined 31., or in default sentenced to six weekEs? iprisonment. MAxsRioRouGsr-srxET.-Thomas Wells, drover, was summoned for wanton cruelty toa bullock. A gentleman saw the defendant in Portland-place driving some sheep and a couple of oxen. One of the beasts, antic pating the blow that was being aimed at it, got nimnbly out of the way, npon which the defendant, in mere brutal wantonness, struck the other beas' a " smasher " on the hock which brought down the animal immediately. Er. Forster, of the Royal Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, was present to conduct the case. The defendant pleaded his general humanity to the animals he drove, and produced a light stick which he said he always used. Fined as. and costs. WESTarexSTER.-Elizabeth Edgeler, a married woman, was charged before Mr. PAYNTE1, on suspicion of stealing a valuable gold bracelet. John Pearson, assistantto Mr. Eyre, pawnbroker, Cheynewalk-, Chelsea,said that intheprevious forenoon the prisoner called and wished to know the value of a gold bracelet she had in her hand, observing that she did not knowwiether it was gold. He inquired how she came into the possession of it, when she Etated that it was a birthday present, and that it was given her a few days ago. Mr. PYT pER.-What is the value of the bracelet ? Witness.-About 101., Sir. It was produced by the policeman who had the prisoner in custody. Mr. PXY'STER.-Why was not the prisoner brought to the court yesterday? The witness replied that he detained her for the purpose of makiDng inquiries about her. The policeman said that she was living -with her husband at Sands-end, Fulbam, and that her husband was in court. The husband stated that he found the bracelet in Hyde Park on Tuesdlaywhilse he was with his wife. The policeman observed that there was a reward offered of 3l. for the recovery of a bracelet, which was lost by a lady in Hyde Park on Tuesday. Theadvertisement was in Tie Tim7es. Mr. PAYNTER remarked that he was a very foolish man for acting as he had, since he had now perhaps lost 31. Tne prisoner was remanded on bail. WoRs nP-sTREFr.-Hannah Knox, a morose-looking woman of 30, was charged at the prosecution of the par-ish authorities of Shoreditch with the following cruelty to a little girl, only five years of age, named Amelia Barrington. A nxarried woman named Watts, living next door to the prisoner, in Wilson-Etreet, City-road, stated that the prisoner had had the care of the child in question, to her knowledge, for about 22 neks, and that during the whole of that time it had been subjected to illusage of a very scandalous description. On Tuesday week she heard it severely beaten and then flung upon the floor, followed, upon the child xecovering its feet, by severe blows, and the next day, cn catching sight of it, she sawb -'ises of all colours, sowie of them evidently of Icng standing, npon its back, leZs, shoulders, face, and mouth. The -prisoner was also in the habit of shutting the child up in a room by itself, and,. in fact, she was so constantly harassed by its screams and illtreatment, that, on finding all remonstrance with the pri. soner useless, she at length deteraniied to call in a policeman and give her into custody. A young woman named Neave, lodging in the prisoner's house, deposed to being aroused by the child's screams, and hearing it violently beaten. The little creatore entreated the prisoner not to beat her any more, but' she did, till several of the neighbours who had heard its cries indig-' nantly knocked at the door and abused the prisoner for her bratality. On that occasion the child was being beaten for about 10 minutes, but she had known it Mused repatediy both7before then and sinoe, and on the succeeding Wednesday, while witness was present, the prisonerbeat it shame- fully uipon the aris, shoulders, and head with a walking-- stick, merely because it had accidentally broken somethin g and then catching it up, and exclaiming;that she would massacre it, she dashed it upon the floor, knelt uapon it, and pressed her hand over its mouth, to prevent its screams being heard. Witness interposed forthe child's protection, and cautioned her to be careful what she was about, as she knew it was not the first time she had so illused it, but the 'prisoner'made no answer, and the same night she again beat at with the tick, while it was in bed, across.th b -k and mnouth. tebc,lis Jeffreys, a constable, deposed to being fetched to appre-' hend the prisoner for i'ltreating the child, whose person he found mucl bruised, and that the prisoner twice aclnowledged she had inflicted the injurie3 with a stick. This the prisoner now denied; she had beaten it with her hand and a towel, but the bruises deposed to it had receivedl by falling down-stairs. The child was' her. (the prisoners) aaunt's, who was now dead, and she had taken charge of that and another child, the latter of whom was now out at some emplovment. Mi. Coward, the divisional surmeon, deposedto examining the child, when brought to him by the police, and finding bruises upon its arms, legs, and back, besides others upon. the face, and in particular one upon the side of the forehead, - which might have been produced by daishing it down upon the floor. Some of the contuiions-were older than-others, as thouglh from separate beatings The constable produced the strek with which the child.- had been beaten, and also its frock and pinafore. with distinct marks of blood npon each. Mr. Vann, for the prisoner, reserved her de{ence, and, 'the depositions having been completed, she was fully comnmistted for trial at the next Middlesex Sessions. -CLnRsEWNVEL.-William Robinson, aged 16, of 13, Church-way, Somers-town, a gasfitter, was charged with throwing over Jessy Brett, a girl about the same age as the prisoner, a quantity of diluted vitriol, with intent to do her some grievous bodily harm. The prisoner and the complainant lived opposite to one another, and had for some time been at variance, On Thursday night, between 9 and io, whilte the complainant was standing at her door, the prisoner threw something out of a cup over her, which burnt her face and clothes. She was excamined by a surgeon shortly afterwards, and he stated that it was diluted sulphuric acid, or The prisoner in defence denied the charge, and- said he knew nothing whatever of the matter. Mr. TiwaLTT committed the prisoner to Newgate for tria'l "T.S." hassent (s. 6d. for Mrs. Gi'L TRASMES.-William Basley, William Middleton, and John Fry, Hightermen, late in the employ of Messrs. Hlammond andi Middlemist, master lightermen and barge owners,'of Lower Thames-street, were brought up before Mr. S.EisN, on remand, and for final examination, charged with stealing 20bundles of whalebone, valne 3251., and 10 bags of salt-etre, value 401., from two: lighters or barges called the Rhodius and Edith, on the River Thames. . The prisoners reserved their defence, and were committed to Newgate for trial. , SoUTnwsxx..-Thomas Jones, cabdriver, badge No.- ,7,543, was summoned before Mr. CoumE for exacting more than his legal fare' from the Rev. MIr. Dawson, of OaLingiton-square, Brompton, and Suffolk; also, with giving him a false ticket. The complainant said, that on Wednesday morning last he hired the defendant on the north side of Belgrave-square, 'to convey him and a lady to the termiuns of 'the Croydon Railway at Loidon-bridge. On arriving there witness paid hnm 2s.,' the distance being nnder fonr miles, when the poif 'svner demanded old more. Witness told him he was wrong and on his persisting that he was entitled to 'that sunm he paid liim, and at the same time asked hsim for his ticket. The def endant gave him one, which witness;' as well as a constable. 'examined, and found to'be different from the number of "his vehicle. He told him of it, when he exchanged it for his proper ticket, and drove off. The defendant said that, as far as the fare was concerned, he was entitled to 2s. 6d., as the distance was over four miles. Mx. CO.MBE examined the authorized printed list issued 'by the Commissioners of Police, andfound tlat the distance ;set down therein, from the north-west side of Belgravesquare to the London-bridge Railway Terminus, was 1,200 yards under the four miles. He asked the defendant what he had to say to that? The defendant said, he always thought the distance was 'over four miles, and he should have demanded the same sum' had he not been summoned. Mr. COMI1E toldhim that was all nonsense; he onght to have kno bhis ar fare, and, had he any doubt, he should have consulted hsook of fare, issued to the cabmen by the Commissioners of Police. What had he to say about the| 'false 'ticket? The defendant replied that he gave it to the gentlenian by mistake. When his ticketswereprintedthe printer-made a mistake in the figures, so that he wnas compelled to have other tickets printed. Unfortunately, he had one of the wrong tickets about him, which he by 'mistake gave to the gentleman. He tore it up as soon as he discovered it. Mr. CONI=a said, he could not believe him, and he had no doubt it was designedly given to the gentlieman to pre- vent his finding him again. He had committed a double I offence, for which he should fine him 10s.,' 2s. costs, and order him to restore the extra fare. The defendant paid the fine and was about to leave the court, pleased at being let off so easy, when Mr. Co0rME asked him for his licence. On examining it his Worship said that he perceived he had been recently fined by' 3r. enry for a similar offence; and had he known that he should have imposed a very heavy penalty on him. Such men as he were not entitled to a licence at all, and as a further punishment he should suspend it for a fortnight; and it would be for the Commissioners of Police to renew it. The licence was accordingly detained by the chief clerk. L,uBnrHE.-Ann Williams, who has been in custodyfor some days on a charge of stealing a watch and gold eyeglass from the house of a lady named Bishop, was again placed at the bar before Mr. ELLIOTT. The prisoner, who is a tal Irishwoman, with an numistakeable 'ipperary brogue. is a most expert thief, and has managed to carry on a wholesale system of robbery, by calling at different respectable houses under pretence of taking furnished apartments for her nephew, and oickn up what property she could lay her hands on. On the 30ti of May last the prisoner called at the residence of Mrs. Bishop, and managed to walk into that lady's bedroom and carry away a watch and eyeglass. The principal witness agamst her in this case was a most intelligent little girl of 15, who swore positively to her identity, and also to her going into other apartments than those that were to let; hut the prisonerin the most impudent maunuer declared she was telling an untruth, and said she had never been to the house at all. In a second case against her, Maria Harris said she was servant to Mrs. Bell, a lady residing at 3, Barnes'splace, Stepney, and that about three weeks ago the prisoner called at her mistress's house and said she wanted apartments for a tea broker, and after looking over the rooms she said she did not like them. On the 6th of the present month, however, she called aZain, and said her aunt was coming to pay a deposit for the apartments. She asked lrs. Bell to allow her to stop for a short time until her aunt came, and by her mistress's directions she (vitness) took the prisoner to the drawingroom. Mrs. Bell stopped with her for some time, and she heard the prisoner say to her, " You need not stop with me. I shal not take anything; " and her mistress then went downstairs to the kitchen. Witness went into the garden for a few minutes, and on her return she found the prisoner standing at the foot of the stairs, and on seeing her she said, "I can't stop longer, it seems my aunt won't come." Soon after she was gone witness missed a mantle belonging to her mistress, which 'was in the front drawing-room, and which she had seen safe immediately before the prisoner entered the house. 'The 3LMG1STRATEv.-Are you quite certain the prisoner is the person who so caDed? Witness.-Yes, Sir, quite sure, Prisoner.-You're a - liar. A third case was taken aggainst the prisoner. In it Eliza Hawkes, servant to Mrs. Emson, of (Aapham-park-terrace, said, that on the 29th of last month the prisoner came to her mistress's house, and said she wished to look at some apartments. She was left for a short time in the drawingroom, and when she was gone witness missed a valuabl clock from the mantelpiece of the back drawingroom, and also a parasol and a pair of indiaribber goloshes, all of which articles the witness had seen safe a quarter of an hour before. -- The prisoner, in anl isolent tone, denied this charge also; but the magistrate directed the evidence in all three charges to be tak;en; and as two wvitnesses were wantinlg to complete them, the prisoner, though fully committed for trial, will be brought up again.
FORBIGN INTELLIGENCE. HIU.NUE. (YROM OUP OWN COP=SPOXDM4T I [A portion of the following appeared in our second edition ef yesterday:-] PARIS, T}SDAY, Jmx 12, 6 :P.. I beEieve that no official intelligence of TIr. Crampton's dismissal by the American Government has been as yet received here, but well-informed persons are of opinion that it has taken place, nevertheless; yet it is not believed that war will necessarily follow that dismissal, and, in any case, that the United States will not be the first to declare -war. Whether England will take the initiative in this respect it is not for me to say, but, if both are so cisposed as it is affirmed that one is, one Will naturally conclude that no more serious consequence will foUow than the interruption, for a shorter or longer period, of diplomatic relations between the two countries. It is not concealed, however, that great danger is to be apprehended from the restless and reckless character of the adventurers who hardly want the example of Walker's successful foray to attempt similar undertakings, and from the inability of the American Government to restrain or prevent them. MIr. Cram pton's dismissal has been accompanied by a letter to Lord Clarendon from the Secretary of State at Washington, couched in a very conciliatory spirit, and in wvhich assurances are given of goodwill towards oiur Government, and of a sincere desire to avoid anything likely to envenom the present difference. The American Government still maintain that they have right on their side; and, indeed, they express their conviction that if the case, both as respects the enlistment of men for the service of the Queen of England and the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty, weresubmittedto ajuryof unimpassioned and impartial Englishmen, the verdict would be in their favour. They still maintain that Ir. Crampton violatedl the stattory enactments of the Union, though they admit that he has done so unintentionally; that when he denies the charge, *which he may do in good faith, his denial is merely founded on his own opinion of his conduct, the correctness of which is disproved by facts; anl they conclude that a political agent who has thus rendered himself obnoxious to the Government cannot remain accredited to it. It is, in point of fact, the case of Sir H. Bulwer over again, wvho, -vhen he received his passports from the Spanish Government, vith an order to quit MIadrid in 48 hours, at the same time received a private letter from the Duke of Sotomayor, Mtinister of Foreign Affairs, assuring him of his personal esteem and lasting friendship, while assurances vere given to the English Government of Spain's earnest desire to avoid anything tending to disturb the good relations between the cotmtries. There is one point, however, to which it may be as weU to direct attention. A private letter from Washington mentions, among other things, that the American Government are anxious to ascertain the disposition of the French Government, or rather of the French Enperor, under these circumstances, and what part, if any, he will be likely to take in our quarrel. The Vashington Cabinet is inclined to believe that France will maintain a strict neutrality in the event of war breaking out ; and, in fact, that she will not draw the sword so long as the honour of France remains untouched. In truth, I believe the opinion of that Cabinet to be, that, even were France disposed to do otherwise, she cannot clo so. The eagerness vwith wlhich she accepted peace wvith. Russia is weU klkown and appreciated at Washington, and the explanation of that desire is in her comparative exhaustion from offensive warfare. The terrible catastrophe of the inundations, which have laid wvaste more than 13 departments; the probabilitv of scarcity occiurilng for the third year consecutively; the mania of speculation, which is so enormously developed in the country; and the gigantic but unsafe projects of the Credit Mobilier, vwhich must inevitably lead to a fearful commercial crisis; even the fact of the great outlay necessary to keep down the price of bread in Paris, at the cost of the rest of France; the possible exigencies of other great towns, should the apprehended scarcity and consequent dearness of food be realized, and the general disconitent produced by these conc uring circumstances, are, I have reason to believe, dualy weighed by the Cabinet of Washington in the conclusion it may draw of the impossibility of France taking an active part with England. What weight ought to be attached to these considerations,and how they may be ju stified by events, it is not for me to say ; but, for one reason or the other, it is believed at the other side of the Atlantic that, if battle there be, we shall have to fight it by ourselves. The following circular has been addressed by the Minister of War to the Generals in command of the differenit military divisions:- " Paris, June 9. General,-At the newvs of the disasters caused by the inundations subscriptions were openied for the assistance of the sufferers. It is proper that soldiers of all ranks wiho may wish to unite in this generous ilmovement should have every facility given them for so doing, but without any comnpulsions being exercised, or any superior authority interfering to increase the amount of the subscriptions. It is particularly important that the soldier, wlhose resources are -o re-tricted, should not conlsider hiimiself compelled to impose privations on himself. I beg you to address recommendations to this effect to the commanding officers of regiments, and they will take such measures as they may think ploper for collecting the offerings, which will be paid into the hands of the agents of the civil administration charged in each locality to centralize the subscriptions. * Accept, &c., " VAILLLANT." A circular to the same purport has been addressed by the Iinister of Marine to the maritime prefects at the different ports ; and 'Marshal Pelissier has signified his intention to open a subscrintion among the asmy of the East. Baron Hausmann, the Prefect of the Seine, has received the following letter from the Lord Mayor of London, on the subject of the inundations . " Mansion-house, London, June 10. ' Monsieur le Prffet,-I have the honour of informing you that, in accordance writh the general wishes of my fellolv-citizens, I have convoked a meeting, wlhich is to take place here on Friday next, the 13th of June, to express the sy-pathy wvhich we feel for the unfortunate sufferers by the inundations in the south of France, and to aid in the subscriptions already opened in Paris under your auspices. I beg you to have the kindness to send me an answer which I may read to the meeting. Accept, Monsieur le Pr6fet, the assurance of my highest consideration. " DAVID SALO.)1ONS3. Tihe Sultan has transmitted to the AMinister of Foreign Afrairs, thlough the Tuirkish A mbassador, a siumi of 40,000f. for the benefit of the sufferers by the irui(dations; and the )ersomnel of the Embassy and the Tturks residing in Paris have added to it a ftirther sum of 3,502f. A letter from Brussels says "Some of the refugees, on learning the disasters caused by the late inundations, formed the project of openiing a subscription among the Frenchi residents in Belgiwn, whio forget in the misfortune of their country their political feelings. They reckoned, however, without the passions of thc party. Their proposition was received withl recrimination, insults, and perfidious insinuations on the part of a great number of the refugees, and they were obliged to renounce the project." The Emperor arrived last night at the Palace of St. Cloud from his visit to Nantes. I[e was accom- panied by Generals Fleury, de G uyosi, and Captains Blorand and Ptuyse,guqr. His Imperial Highness Prince Louis Lu^ien Bonaparte arrived yesterday from London, in order to be present at the baptism of the Imperial Prince at Kotre Darne. Prince Luicien has completely recovered from the severe injury to one of Isis feet a month or two ago. Twventy-five bishops have co me up to Paris for the baptism. The following private telegraphic despatch has been received:- - " BEI LN, TuJIJNE 12. "The Emperor Alexander has arrived at Riga. The population of the town and the surrouncing countrry were assembled, an d received His Majesty with te most enth siastic acclamations." The Senate met yesterday, M. Troplong in the chair. Several blls were brought up fron theLegislative Body. The order of the day was the consideration of a report by Baron Dupin relative to the erection of a monumental coluTmn in honour of the Emperor and of the army. After observations fro m the Mllarquis de Larochejacquelin, Coint Lemercier, ,Coulnt Boillay (do Ia Meurthe), President Barthe Count do Beaumont, General Count de Flahault, and tthe President of the Senate, it was decided that the xe,eort drawn ufp bup by- QheQnjittee shouiil 17e pre- sented to the Emperor. The following is the purport of the document :- "In order to express the universal gratitude of France, and to perpetuate the memory of the victories of the army in the East, and the souvenir of the peace achieved under the auspices of lis Majesty Napoleon IIL, the Senate expresses a wish that a law should sanction the erection of a monumental column." Count de Casabianca brought up a report on the budget of the Senate for 1857, as well as a plan for regulatin- the pensions of the persons employed at the Senate. The Senate then decided that there was no good reason to oppose the promulgation of the following bills adopted by the Legislative Body: -That extending to the navy the benefits of the measure fixino a dotation for the army; that relating to the calling out of 100,000 men in 1857; I that concerning the conveyance of printed papers by the post; and several local bills. Several reports on petitions were then disposed of, and the proceedings terminated. The Legislative Body sat yesterday, .L Reveil, one of the Vice-Presidents, in the chair. Leave was granted to Count de Brias, M. Desmolles, M. Belmontet, and M. Daloz to print the observations which they had made on the budget. 31Gouin presented a report on the bill relating to the Caisse de Retraites for the aged, and Baron de Coborn another on a bill relating to an exchange of property. Several reports on local bills were presented, and five such bills were adopted. The bill for establishing an additional octroi duty on wines and spirits at Bailleul (Word) wvas brought forward for ciscussion, and, after observations from NI. Conseil, the measure wvasadopted. The bill having for its object to authorize the division of sheets of water in the department of the A-im was brought forward for consideration, and after observatioins from M. Creuzet, M. Desmolles, N1. Baudin (reporter), and M. Suin (Government commissioner), the bill was adopted. The proceedings then terminated. A report drawn up by M. Fleluy, head of the Department of Foreign Commerce, has been presented to the Mlinister of Agriculture, Commerce, and Public Works, relative to a proposed change in the duty on certain articles of importation. The proposed change is a reduction in the existing duties so as to admit foreign produce more freely into the French marts. The new proposed tariff embraces cotton and wvoollen goods and merchandize of every description, brandies and vessels for sea service (batimnen.s de mer) excepted. The report will shortly be slubmitted for the Emperor's approval, and then referred to the Council of State. The following letter has been received from Madrid, dated the 7th "I dare say you recollect well how in the Basque and Navarrese campaigns one found onesself all at once in a narrow passage, under a shower of balls which menaced the existence of a whole company, regiment, or brigade, as the case might be, and how excessively happy one was to get out of the diabolical defile, and find onesself again in the open country, however short the space, and however near might be a dozen other ' canadeas' as bad as the last. This is just the case with us here. ' iVouts arons 6clCapp6 belle,' as our neighbours say, but, if nobody has been killed, I regret to say everybody has been wounded more or less severely. The whole battalion of the 'Puros' has been hurt-O'Donnell severely, Espartero dangerously, and I should add to the list the whole regiment of the Constitution slightly. I will now tell you briefly the details of the skirmish, and how this unfortunate and ill-devised action has been brought on. A short time ago some well- meaning members of the Cortes tried to form a party to be called the 'Third Party,' composed of what they were pleased to call the best of all others-that is to say, of people the most sensible and least exaggerated of the advanced guard of the Moderados and of the rearguard of the Liberals. This political quintessence was, however, of too delicate a nature to take an earthly existence, so it evaporated; this bottle of 'elegant extracts' broke in the hands of the perfumer. Soon after another party, more agreeable to General Espartero, sprang forth one fine morning, like Minerva from the head of Jupiter, under the auspices of General Allinde Salazar. The shibboleth of this second party is 'Down with O'DonneU! ' and its selfimportant denomination is 'Asasrled de tos Puros.' That is to say, it professes to represent the pure doctrines of Progressism-the principles of the elders and apostles and teachers and martyrs of that communion. These ' pure' gentlemen have taken a very particular dislike to a certain General Ros de Olano holding the itnmensely important post of lnspector of the Infantry. They distrust General Ros (who is stated to be a great friend of Marshal Narvaez), and they agree with considerable force of logic that as General Dulce, from his position of Inspector of Cavalry, made the last revolution here, there was no reason why a disaffected Inspector of Infantry should not even more easily make another revolution now. There was also another reason for attacking General Ros, which, indeed, was the principal one. This General is a friend of O'Donnell, and was his comrade at the combat of Vicalvaro. If O'Donnell abandoned him it was a proof either of the weakness of his political position, or it would be a concession that could not fail to destroy him in the conceptioR of the Conservatives, and all the influence he lost would go to the account of Espartero. The Paros therefore determined to demand from Espartero the removal of Ros de Olano. Espartero, not very wisely (because he ought to have known the measure of his strength), requested the M%inister of 'War to remove the Inspector of Infantry, and send him as Governor to the rhilippine Islands-for they could not easily send him further; General Ros flatly refused to go to Manila, and O'Donnell as flatly refused to turn Ros out of his situation; so things were in a pretty fix. At last General Serrano agreed to go from Espartero to O'Donnell, and make the following proposition;-and it is said, by-the-by, that Serrano found O'Donnell closetted with Ros de Olano, Dulce, and three members of the Congress, forning one of tlhose Juntas which never bode much good in this country. The proposal was that Serrano should leave his Inspectorship of Artillery, and become Captain-General of Madrid, and that Ros de Olano should succeed him, the present Captain-Genezal Hoyos taking the Inspectorship of Infantry left vacant by Ros de Olano-that is to say, there has been a ' Cheassez-croisez, et, MIessieurs, 2 ros places,' without any object whatever, and which has left every party concerned in the business with what the French call ' Un pied ic czr.' I fear greatly the results of this skirmish. It has discredited both Espartero and O'Donnell, for it shows that they are both equally weak, instead of being both equally strong and it wil leave without any sort of doubt a germ of irritation in their minds that will bring forth bitter fruit for the future inastication of this nation, and,without tlle least intention of comparing the Duke of Victory and the Count of Lucena to Achilles and Agamemnon, I may fairly have recourse to the haclkneyed quotation of ' Quiccidqid deldlvasnt RIeges plectuntur Achivi,' I don't even mean that the word, Greeks, should apply to the Cr6dit Mobilier. Apeopos of this leviathan association, the attention of the public las beeni at the same time seriously and ludicrously caUed to an article in a Frnchl Imperialist organ here, which has enlisted its material and terrestrial sympathies in the cause of a company whose interests are opposed to the Credit Mobilier. In the heat of throwing stones at a commercial competitor this journal very indiscreetlytells theworldwvhat were the original objects of sending tho Cr6dit Mobilier into Spain, and how it was meant before aU things to be a political engine in the Imperial hand for uses of a higher nature and of deeper import than the manipulation of dross. The article is very imprudent, very curious, very useful for the infornation of the ignorant, and wortliy of being transcribed. WVhat people chiefly talk of at the present moment is the possibility of a war with Mexdico. The Spanish Government are extremely anxious to 'make a splash,' but they don't know where to find the materials. They are in great hopes that there may be a 'turn up' bQtween England and the United States, in consequence of the course affairs are taking in Central America, and they think this may make an opening favourable for the Spanish monarchical flag. There is no doubt but that Mexico has behaved somewhlat queerly and summarily in her meanner of arrang. ing her pecuniary quarrel with Spain; but there is, at the same time, not the shadow of a douibt but that an immense number of Spanish claims are false ones, which have been surreptitiously concocted for private ends, with the consent and even collusioi of Spanish personages of influential positions, who sought to make money by this means. What was amusing beyond measuire was to hear Senor Escosura, who is a great political as well as literary coxcomb, talking of the bad faith and the incurable spirit of revolution in Mexico, as if this dear country was a mzirror of honesty and had neverheard of ap1'o)1nnciamienzto! It is said that the English and French Governments have asked this to adhere to the declaration in which the issuing of letters of marque is abolished. I am inclined to think that the Spanish Government will not adhere,-indeed, cannot adhere, unless the United States accept the same compromise. In a war with that unscrupulous power it would be necessary for Spain to do all she couldin the -way of ' guerillas' on sea, as she did, in the War of Independence, so successfully on land, while there is not a creek from Boston to Mobile that would not send out its clipper. All those things prevent any possibility of internal amelioration. No Minister thinks of anything but his daily existence. The tariff and all Commercial mattersareshelved for opportunities which may never come, and the Cortes are expected to prorogue themselves on the 30th, to meet again on the 1st of October. Perhaps, too, this may be an illusion-I mean the meeting again." The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71f. 25c. for the end of the month; and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 75c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,380f.; Great Northern, 1,130f.; Strasburg, 945f.; new shares, 865f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,497f. o0c.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,700f.; Western of France, 945.; Bordeau and Cette, 77f.; Great Central of France, 670f.; Lyons and Geneva, 800f.- Bank of Credit Mfobilier, 1,805f.; Austrian sailways, S9Sf. Cours Awntjiguc.-PAPIs, June 12.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 89f. 50c. * ditto not reimbursable for 10 years, 93f. 50c. 75c. 60c.: ditto second Loan of 1855 (G0 per cent. paid). 93f. o0c. 75c.; ditto Certficates (60 per cent. paid), 93. 60c. 76c. ; Three per Cents, 71f. 70f. 95c. 90c. S0c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid;) 71f 71f. 25c. ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 711 71f. 26c.; Bank of France, 4,025f.; Credit Foncier, 695f. ex. div.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 442f. 50c.; ditto Three per Cents., 400f.; ditto Tenths, Three per Cents., S2f. &oc.; Credit Mobilier, 1,820f. 1,817f. 0c. 1,812. 5Oc. 1,807f. 5Oc. 1,S05f.* Piedmnontese Five per Cents., 92f. 25c. o0c. *Austrian Five per Cents, 91i ; Belgian Four. and a Half per Cents., 97..; Romans, 86; Spanish Deferred Converted, 25.}; ditto Three per Cents., 46; ditto Interior Debt, 41.^ 42. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 25f. 35c., three months, money, 2Sf. 2'c. AUSTRIA. (FRuOM OUR OWN CoRREsPoNDM,r.) VIENNA, JuN- 9. The arrest on Whitsunday of the so-called " Brethren of St. John," at a small village called Breitensee, still forms a subject of conversation for the inhabitants of some of the more remote suburbs of Vienna, but the circumstance has not attracted the attention of persons residing in the inner city, and therefore it has been extremely difficult to obtain any more detailed information on the subject. Several of the 60 or 70 men who were arrested on the above-mentioned holyday have been liberated by the police, but some time is likely to elapse before the others will be permitted to return to their homes. As it has been observed that the members of the new sect allow their hair and beards to grow to an unusual length, a very sharp eye is kept ontlloseindividuals who are particularly hirsute in appearance, and the consequence of the surveillance of the agents of the police has been, that the proprietors of several houses in the suburbs have given notice to bearded and long-haired workmen to quit their lodgings. According to my informant, the Brethren of St. John have no clearly defined idea of their own intentions and wishes, except on one or two points. They deny the necessity for an ecclesiastical hierarchy, and profess to despise the pomp and ceremony displayed by the Roman Catholic Church. They attend no burials, and when a relative dies they leave it to the parish to convey his corpse to the grave. It is evident that the sect is imperfectly organized, but party feeling in religious matters is remarkably strong in Austria at present, and it is probable the public has not heard the last of the Brethren of St. John. Many of the Italian correspondents of the foreign papers assre the public that the political ferment is extreme in Lombardy, but every now and then reliable information reaches me from Milan, and it certainly does not tend to confirm the reports of the alarmists. There is always more or less political excitement in the larger towns in Lombardy, but things are not more menacing now than they were before the Paris conferences. The state of public feeling in the province of Venice is by no means unsatisfactory. From Rome we learn that the Papal Government is not disinclined to make reforms in the administration, but it is added, that there is little or no chance of any political reforms. As all the attempts to complete the 2d Foreign Regpiment by means of foreigners have failed, the Minister of War has addressed a Circular to the spiritiial and temporal authorities in the various provinces demanding their assistance in raising 5,000 men. In short, it is evident that the question of the evacuation of the Papal dominions has not been laid ad cta by the Powers. Before the signature of the Treaty of April 15th Naples displayed but little inclination to listen to the coumsels of Austria, but since that time HisNeapolitanMajesty has been more unmanageable than ever. In short, Austria has now less influence at Naples than either of the WVestern Powers. It may be as well to state that the opinions of much better informed persons than myself are expressed in the preceding sentence. Once a-week one of the steamers of the Austrian Iloyd will leave Trieste for Liverpool, and touch at Ancona and Corfu. The steamers, which will take passengers as well as goods, are to accomplish the voyage in 16 to 20 days. Goods will cost 27s. or 2Ss. a-ton, but the public will do well not to send any rie Trieste to Vienna until the Southern Railroad is complete, which will be the case in the month of June, 1857. An English company, which was represented here by L,essrs. Vallance and Tuson, is likely to obtain a concession for the construction of large docks and magazines in the Bay of Muggia, near Trieste. The docks, which are to be connected by means of a railroad withi Trieste on the one side, and Fiume on the other, must be completed within twvo years from the date of the concession. Prince Gortschakoff arrived here last night. AL. de Balabine is likely to go to Paris as a Councillor of Legation, and General Count Stackelberg as Russian Minister at Turin. PRUSSIA. (FROM OIuR OWN COMnEPONIDENT.) BERLI, JuNE 11. There is a statement goingthe round of the Prussian press to the effect that this Government is about to bring the claimis of Prussia upon the Principality of Neuenberg (the present Swiss canton \eufchatel) to the notice of the various States of Europe, with a view to the arrangement of some means by which that telritory shall be speedily restoredto the relation it formerly stood in to its Prince Protector, the King of Prussia. This whole statement, which appears to have originated in a Parisian journal, turns out to be entirely without foumdation. At the Conferences at Paris, it is true, Baron Von Manteuffel mentioned the subject as one which, if not of European interest, was at least one which only a congress of European Powers was adequate to treat, since several of the great Powers have already formally recognized the Kiing of Prussia's just claims to this Principality, and, in the absence of any appeal to arms, only a moral "pressure from without" can be exeited on the now Republican canton. But beyond that this Government has not taken any step to vindicate its rights, nor, as far as I can learn, has it any intention of doing so at present, and for two very good reasons ; 1, no opposition is offered by any Power to the Prussian claims, which are recognized by every established Government; and, 2, the opposition to them, that is not to be found on the side of the rest of Europe, is concentrated in the population of the canton itself, whose present dispositions and sympathlies seem to offer no particularly good opportunity for any attempt at bringing it back to its former relation to Prussia. The only diplomatic document of general interest that appears to have issued from the lIinistry of Foreign Affairs in Berlin for a long time past is an invitation forwarded on the 27th ult., in conformity with the resolution of the Powers represented at the Paris Conference, to all other States not represented there to subscribe to the resolutions there passed with reference to the treatment of neutral flags in time of -war. The arrangement that the Empress of Russia should leave here on the 13th inst. is not yet altered; in the first instance she will pay a visit to the Court of Weimar, and then proceed to Stuttgard. It had been till vwithin the last few days arranged that the King should accompany her on her visit to the King of 'Wurtemberg, in return for the visit the latter paid last autumn to the King at Stolzenj fels; but, the news having just lately arrived thathe Archduke Maxiniilian will be at Hamburg by the 20th inst.; on his way hither, the King has put off his departure so as to be able to receive him. Your readers are, doubtless, aware of a large meeting having been lately held in London at the house of the Eail of Shaftesbury and under his presidenice, at which the entire Protestant Christendom of England was represented, all the parties in the Church, and all the denominations out of it; the object of the meeting was to take cognizance of the fact that the Evangelical Alliance of England, as well as that of France, were about to send a deputation to the King of Prussia,' with a view to the furtherance of the common object of all-the spread of religious liberty and the extension of evangelical brotherhood throughout the world. It will not have been forgotten that at the close of the last international meeting of the Evangelical Alliance in Paris last year Sir CUlling Eardley Smith headed a deputation to tihe King of Prussia, whom they muet at Cologne, for the purpose of bespeaking his exertions and influence in remo-dng all vestiges of inctolerance in his own dominions, and in ex;tending the reign of religious liberty elsewhere. On that occasion the King had said that if the Evangelical Alliance shouldthink fit in some futureyear to hold a 'rguLion in his capital of Berlin he would receive them swith a " heartywelcome andwith open arms." Acting upon this intimation, the Evangelical Alliance resolved upon arranging a meeting of Protestant Christians from all parts of the world to be held in Berlin. At the meeting above mentioned all present, including many members of the Established Church, unanimously coincided in the objects of the aliance and the r6'ution it proposed and settled that it would be expedient that the I next international meeting should be held in this city next year. In conformity with this resolution the deputation then decided on, consisting of a prominent member of the Evangelical Alliance in England and another from that in France, waited on the King at Sans Souci on Alonday last. The King received them most kindly and cordialy, spoke with them alternately in English and French, showed that he had been fully apprised of the meeting at Lord Shaftesbury's and of the Arehbishop of Canterbury's original intention of being present at the meeting which had deputed them, and was fully acquainted -with the nature and objects of theEvangelical Alliance, as already existing in England, France, and Prussia. He assured the members of the deputation of the warm interest which he took in the projected. meeting of Christians from all parts of the worid to be held next year in Berlin, expressed his deep reoret at the divisions that existed in the Church, and recognized that its future weal was involved in the principles upheld by the Evangelical Alliance. He hoped and trusted that all Evangelical Christians in Germany who should take part in the approaching rguniwni would hereafter enter upon the possession of a ghreater degree of religions liberty than they chave hitherto enjoyed. The King's manner is described to me as having been most gracious and kind; he remained standing the whole duration of the interview, and, from the sincere and cordial interest he exhibited in the objects the deputation has at heart, its members left Potsdam with the conviction that if the great c ause of Christian union and Christian liberty be not materially advanced by the contemplated meetmng it will not be from any want of earnest and generous sympathy for it on the part of the King of Prussia. In a leading article of May 31 you drew attention to the profitable use to which the French had turned our exhibition of agricuiltural implements held in Hyde Park in 1851, and the great progress they have since made in agriculture and cattle breeding. According to appearances that sometimes strike one's eye here, France is not the only country that is striving to catch us up in this career; we have good evidence here that Hungary is taking eager steps in the same direction. Large quantities of agricultural implements and machinery-even portable steam en,ines and threshingmachinespass through here from time to time on their way to Vienna. They appear, for the most part, to bear the name of Clayton, Shuttleworth, and Co., of Lincoln, and to be destined for Hungarian grandees and landowners. Among the addresses on these packages there have been Count E. Zichy, Count George KEaroly, Countess Esterhazy, Count Pejacsevich, Prince Coburg, and PrinceSchaumburg; and, from what I can gather from persons acquainted with Hungarian agriculture, it is the first of these noblemen, Count Zichy, to whom his country is indebted for the knowledge and introduction of these greatimprovements. There is one very satisfactory reflection suggested by the ex;portation of machine2ry of this sort, that while it furnishes so much lucrative employment to our smiths and machinists, the competition in the art of producing food is one that only benefits all mankind without injury to a single nation. The King of Hanover has presented the Hfon. ML. Duncan Bligh, our MNinister at his Court, with his portrait, as a mark of his esteem and consideration on the occasion of the latter's retiring from that post, which he has held 18 years. As a further testimony of kind feeling on the part of the inhabitants of the capital there was a grand farewell dinner got up in Mr. Bligh's honour in the Exchange-building, at which all the Ministers and the corps dipl4nnatig e were present.l
NA YAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGENCE. The steam transport Indiana, Captain John Baker, arrived at Spithead yesterday from the East. She left Balakiava May 23d, Constantinople 25th, and Gibraltar June 5, and has arrived -with the following officers and troops :-From Balaklava,-Lieutenant-Colonel Needham, Royal Artilery; Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis, Grenadier Guards; Captains Byrne, Fitzhugh, and Deane, of the Royal Artillery; Lieutenants Pearce, Griffiths, Briscoe, and Estrange, Boya1 Artillery; Surgeon Tippetts, ditto; Captains Murray and Hogge, Grenadier Guards. From Sentart-Lieutenant Clarke, Rifle Brigade; Assistant-Surgeon Dunbuck, 1st Royals; Messrs. Rosenberg and Tuck, Commissariat clerks; and Mr. Burrell, Paymaster's Clerk. From Gibraltar.- Major Atcherley, 30th Regiment; Lieutenant Montgomery, Rifle Brigade; the Rev. H. Robins and the Rev. J. Connor, chaplains. Troops.-280 men and 195 horses of the Royal Artillery; and one the property of Major Atcherley. The steam transport Alice Jackson, No. 39, arrived at Spithead yesterday from the East. She brought from Renkioi Dr. Holland, Paymaster Corcoran, 2 lady nurses, 13 nurses, 27 second-class officers, orderlies, and civil servants, 14 military orderlies, 2 women and 1 child, 2 disabled seamen; and from Malta, Lieutenants Walsh, Chippendall, and MWPherson, of the 62d Regiment; Captain Stuart, Lieutenants Grant, Byron, Twiston, and Groves, of the 63d; 2 mien of the 39th Regiment; 9 of the 62d; and 21 of the 63d. The iron paddlewheel steam vessel Princess Alice arrived yesterday morning at Woolwich,with detachments of Royal Marines who were discharged from the gunboats recently paid off at Portsmouith. The steam transport Rhadamanthus, Master-Commander E. P. Cole, arrived at Woolwich dockyard yesterday morning, and is to be reladen with steam machinery for the western yards. The steam sloop Niger, having completed her repairs, is to be warped out of the outer basin at Woolwich this morning, and will await in ordinary her orders for sea. The steam transport Northumberland, No. 51, has landed the whole of her stores at Woolwich pier, and is ordered to be discharged the service. The Black Prince steam transport has discharged 500 tons of forage waggons, harness, bedding, tents, &c., at Wool. wich, and was yesterday morning paid out of the Government employ. All stores destined for the Tower are landed at Woolwich and conveyed thence in barges to the Victoria Docks, in consequence of the encumbered state of the Tower depot. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:-Lieutenant W. F. Johnson, to the Brilliant Lieutenant H. IL Bingham, to the Atalanta; Lieutenant Charles H. Young, to the Blenheim. The annual inspection of the Chathalnm, or first division of Royal Marines Light Infantry took place yesterdayafternoon by Major-General Sir G. A. Wetherall, ILC.B., N.H., the Adjatant-General to the forces, and Colonel S. I- Wesley, Royal Marines, Deputy Adjutant-General. It is understood that ow;ing to the unfavourable weather yes. terday another inspection of the Royal Marines on the lines will probably be made during the summer. Captain Mountain's and Captain Grevie's companies of the RoyalArtillery, whose orders for departure were last week countermanded, are to leave Woolwich this morning to embark at Southampton. Captain Mountain's company is to be stationed as an additional company at Malta; and Captain Greville's company at Gibraltar. THE MLITIA. The First Somerset Militia, under the command of Colonel Viscount Hinton, have arrived in Taunton, after four months' duty at Aldershott camp. The regiment was about 500 strong. On Thursday last they were disembodied, when the Colonel addressed them, thanking the men forthe good conduct they had always displayed since they had been called out, and expressing a hope that whenever Her Majesty should again require their services he should find no absentees. The adjutant, Captain Cook, stated that the circular, issued by order of Lord Panmure. provided that the six months' pay to the subalterns and one year's pay to the surgeon and assistant-surgeon, might be obtained immediately and be included in the paymaster's accounts. He also explained to the men that the residue of the bounty would be calculated to the 31st of December next. The colonel and officers presented a costly breakfast service of silver to Mr. C. Hugo, the surgeon, and a shmilar testimonal to Sergeant Mlajor Perry,who also received a second present of the same kind from the non-commissioned officers. Lord Portman, the Lord-Lieutenant, has fixed Taunton for the quarters of the permanent staff. On Saturday last the Dorset Militia, under Colonel Binghani, arrived from Gosport, and, on Tuesday, the real. nent was disembodied, the men receiving 1. bounty to the end of the presenttyear, and all arrears of pay. In conformity 'with instructions received from the War Deprartment, the Royal South Glocester Regiment of Milita was disembodied on Thursday, and the men returned to their homes,
TRIEY. The following appeared in our second edition of ye& terday :-1 (Prox oUR ow. COIRI.SPOxDENT.) CONSTARM-OPLE, R&y S0. Yesterday was quite a day of festivities. The English celebrated the birthday of the Qneen, the French the Fete-Dieu, and the Turks had a distribution of medals for the campaign in Roumelia. A salvo of artillery in the morning served as an introduction to the English festivaL At noon another announced the lev6e at the Embassy. The whole carps diplonttigque, headed by the French Ambassador, and a great number of English officers of the regular army, as well as of the German Legion, the Turkish Contingent, and the irregular Osmanli Horse, were present. The space from the outward gate to the door of the palace was lined by a detachment of Guards and Highlanders, while the band of the German Jagers played in the court. In the eveningLord Stratford gave a grand dinner to celebrate Her MTajesty's birthday, to which all the English military and naval officers of superior rank and the most prominent among the British residents were invited. The facade of the palace was illunminated, and the band of the German Legion was in attendance during the dinner. With particularly good taste the only toast drunk was " Her Majesty." Three rockets, fired from the court-yard, were the signal when this took place, and were answered by a salute from the British flagship, the Queen. All the English screw line-of-battle ships were to have come for the day alongside the fliagship to take part in the demonstration, but, having received orders to take out theirlower deck guns and proceed to the Crimea for troops, they were busy with those preparations, and the projected illuminations and fireworks did not take place. The Frenche Fte-Dieu was celebrated in the church of St. Louis, close to the French Embassy. The descent to the main door in the palace yard was tastefully decorated with the flags of the different nations, and a guard of French soldiers was at the door and in the body of the church, where a military band attended during the service. The distribution of the medals for the campaign in Roumelia took place in the Court of the Seraskierate, under the eyes of the Sultan. The Turkish Government seems disposed to be very liberal with medals. Besides those promisedio the allied armies there will be three for the Turkish army-one for the campaign in Roumelia, with a special one for the defence of Silistria; another medal for the soldiers who have been in the Crimea; and a third for those who have taken part in the campaign of Anatolia. Thus there will be soldiers who will have three, nay, counting that of Silistria, four medals. Speaking of medals and decorations, I cannot help speaking of the unfavo urable position in which English officers are placed by the existing regulations, in comparison with the officers of other armies. According to the regulations, no officer is allowed to accept a foreign decoration except for actual service in the field, and, whatever other services he may have rendered to a foreign Government, he is not allowed to accept such a testi mony of his zeal and ability. The effects of this are striking; while numbers of French and Sardinian officers are seen with the Medjidi_, no English officer, except the few who were attached to Omar Pasha's staff, has got it. Only lately the Turkish Government offered it to Generallansfield, Commissary-General Smith, and Mr. Hornby, the English Loan Commissioner, and neither was allowed to accept it. This is so much the more disappointing, as their French colleagues have all had it. Surely the character of English officers is high enough not to have any apprehensions of their forgetting their duty for a decoration. WAY 3L If the day before yesterday we had a day of ft, yesterday we had a night of festival. It was KadrGuedjessi, or "the night of destiny," as the Mahomedans call it, the greatest night of the Ramazan, in which the destinies of all true believers are determined for the whole year. It is therefore celebrated with more splendour than any other night of the year. According to an old custom, the Sultan i proceeds in his State caYque to the mosque of Tophane to perform the prayer of night, and the port of Constantinople and Tophane become thus the centres ofthe whole festival. Iluminations and fireworks form the chief features of it. This year it was proposed to make it even more splendid than in other years, on account of the peace, and certainly the success was complete. The court of Tophane, which is open towards the sea, had been quite metamorphosed into a second Aladdin's garden, full of trees and flowers formed of so-called Chinese paper lamps, in which crowds of people of both sexes were idling about, expecting the Sultan's arrival. A tastefully elevated triumphal arch was erected before the machinery buildings, -which were illuminated with numerous rows of lamps. The pyramids of cannon balls were converted into pyramids of light, and high in the air was swinging between the two minarets of the mosque the Sultan's cipher in light. All the Turkish men-of-war in the Golden Horn, as well as before the Tershane, or Turkish Admiralty, were al dressed up with lamps, and every mosque and cowps dA garde on the Sultan's passage tried to add an unusual display to the general effect. About 9 o'clock a salvo of artillery announced that the Sultan had left his Palace of Tcheragan, and was coming down. A row of boats had been posted as far as the new palace, and these were all lit up at the same moment with blue lights, in the glare of which you saw gliding swiftly the graceful white caiques of the Sultan.- Before every public building blue, red, and green lights were blazing, and every English and French man-of-war in the neighbourhood had its masts dressed with lamps. Their modest light was, however, all but lost in the greater brilliancy, except that of Her Majesty's ship Melampus, which all of a sudden appeared in an atmosphere of light, from a row of blue lights all round the outer bulwarks, which at a signal were hoisted up to the masts. This was a compliment from Captain Borlase, who has been for some years attached to the Turkish navy. The night prayer of Kadr-Guedjessi is unusually long, and many people were getting tired of the long delay, when the comparative silence which prevailed during the prayer was broken by the hissing of rockets, the signal for the fireworks. The latter offered certainly one of the finest spectacles which could be seen; not that they were so perfect in themsclves,-on the contrary, there was nothing of those tableaux which we are accustomed to see in Europe,-but the beauty came from the surrounding scene, which, through the continual changes of light, had quite a magic appearance. The most remarkable were some large bouquets thrown from mortars, which burst high in the air, scattering about a thousand stars of red, blue, and white, which for a moment quite eclipsed every other light, and called forth from the dark a fairy scene. You did not know which side to look at, whether at the fanciful wooden houses which nestle on the side of the hills of Tophane and Fundulli, at the swarms of tiny caiques, at the huge dark men-of-war in a sea of light, or at the dark cypress trees and solitary-looking kiosks of the Seraglio Point. Soon after the Sultan's departure the last rocket and shell bouquet were fired, the crowd cleared out of the court of Topnane, and nothing remained except the hjun of crowdg returning home, and quiet Turks making a night of it before the cafes of tlI( quarter. I wrote to you some time ago that the Persia Government had sent an envoy, Mmrza cUKhan, to Coustantinople, to setle the diffie with England by the intervention of the Porte. Tb4 home Government has appointed Lord Stratforj to conduct the affair, vwich, it is hoped, wi no: offer great difficulties. Two conferences have ah,eadr been held on the subject. I told you that the envoy sent by Persia is thE son of one of the most active Russian agents al Teheran; and, although theTurkish Charg d?Affairef did his best to have another person appointed, Russ s'an influence prevailed. From letters lately rej ceived from Persia, it seems that the Rnssians hayf ta'ken advantage of the interruption of our relation* -with Persia to regain their ascendancy over th} Persian Government. Especially since the accessiox of the Emperor Alexander they are very anxious t' acquire the good graces of the Shah, and ar; quite ready to make timely concesions when thea are required. Thus quite lately a case has occurred 'whicl4 shows sufficiently that they know far bettelf how to deal with the Persians than we do. Therd was a man from Erivan who established himself hi Teheran, and succeeded in obtaining several imi portant posts from the Government, among thd rest the Governor-Generalship of Kirman, using tX the best advantage his position as a Russian subject, RIe collected great wealth, and remained nnmolested, When he died his children would have liked to co01 tinue the same game, and wished to keep even the pensions and donations for life which their fatheg had enjoyed. The Persian Government made aW complaint to the Russian nission, and the order came to leave the sons of the Sirdar of Erivan, am the father was called, to their fate, asthey had beei so long in Persia and inthe Persian service that theS could no more be considered as Russian subjects. The Shah has thus the means of fillinghis chests with theill-gainedpropertyofthelateGovemorof Kirman. This is done in a very polite way. For instances the Shah sends them a hare, which he has killel himself. Of course, the fortunate receivers cannot - but makeacounter-present of 100,000 tomauns or so, Or the Shah sends to ask one of the sons how he is, as he (the Shah) has not heard of him for a long timne, and the man knows that another 100,000 tomauns vill be the best way of recalling himself to the remembrance of the Shah. Letters from Persia speak a great deal of the army which has been concentrated in Khorasa against Herat-it is said to amount to 35,000 men* It seems the Persians counted without their host in the Herat affair. By getting Youssuf Khai (who had passed half his life in Teheran, and was in the interest of the Persian Court) inta Herat, they thought of establishing Persian influence in the town and its territory. But the peopleof Herat are unpleasantly self-willed2 it seems, and will not bear foreign interference; be. sides, the powrer of the Elan is very limited and strictly defined, while the towun is governing itself. A body of Persian troops showed themselves in the? Eerat territory some time ago, but the inhabitanta declared to Youssuf Ehan that he had better tell them to withdraw, or else they were ready to drive away the Persians as -well as Youssuf Khan himself, and the Persians retired. The Persian Court is therefore angry with Youssuf Ehan, and is colb lecting large forces in Khorasan in order tX make the population more tractable. The avant garde of this force, under Sani Kihan, has alreadj penetrated into the Herat tritory as far as Gourian. The Persians are very much annoyed by the pre.. sence of an Englishman in Herat, who says that he is a large cattle merchant. They repeatedly askel Youssuf Mhan to send him away, but he has na power to do so, as the mysterious Englishman iZ supported by the population. There is a good deal of talk just now over iln Stamboul about the refusal of the Russians to re-a cognize Muchhis Pasha (Stourdza) as one of the Comt mnissioners for the regulation of the Bessarabiali frontier. Their refusal is made under the plea that he has served in the Russian army. There musty however, be some other reason, as Prince Stourdza never was actually in the lists of the Russian armys but served only as a volunteer. The more probabla reason of theirrefusal seems the mwillinguness to admit any person acquainted with the ground, espe. cially as it is a general opinion among those wha know the country that the frontier line drawn will give the greatest difficulties to the Government of Toldavia, anless it is so regulated as to leave space enough for a road on the northern shore of the lakesX which have been taken in the boundary. The steam ship Argo, which left on Thursday last vith artillery and horses, met with a serious accident, wv-hich obliged her to put back. Just before she reached the Island of Mai'iora, early on Friday morning, she met a French liner; the rule is in suchcases that both put their helms to port; somehow or other this was not done, and the ships ran intor each other, the Argo staving two portholes of the liner into one, and having in return her bowsprit. carried off. The damage is so serious that the guns. and horses had to be disembarked. The Turkish Contingent is going the way of most projected improvements in the Turkish army: it is disappearing in silence. Several of the regiments have been already given over, anld the others will follow as they come from Eertch. I wrote to you in my last that an officer had been sent ont to wind uip the affairs of hlle Contingent; I cannot help returning to the subject. Mlajor Brett, wvho ha% been for more than 12 monthsin*charge of the depOts and whose services are recognized by every one, has thus, at the very moment when he was to reap the benefits of his services, been set aside, althougrh everybody here is unanunous that he, having seen the whole Contingent arise under hia hands, oughttobelikewisetheperson who should sethe end of it. You will agree that it is not verx encouraging. The sale of horses in Scutari is still continuing. It has been good enough, about 2,100horscs having beent sold at an average price of 161. The Turls havlately likewise bought a number of French horses L especially for the artillery. Lord Gough arrived yesterday on board Ieit Mlajesty's ship Terrible, and proceeds to-day to the Crimea. The statement of mortalitv at Kululee gives only one death, which was that of private Jacob Bren.i denstein, of the 3d Regiment of the lBritish Germal, Legion, of typhus fever.
ThANCB A-YD ENGLAND. TO TEE EDITOP OF TEE 1IZMES. Sir,-I venture to hope that at this juncture-when ail appeal is about to be made on behalf of the sufferers by tho inundations in France-you will not refuse to insert tbG accompanying letter, an answer to an application made t3 fis Majesty tne Emperor of the French by the British ani Foreign Sailors' Society. May mutual sympathy and re ciprocal acts of benevolence manifest themselves, the approo priate first-fruits of a mutually earned peace, and the haUowed sequel of afeUowship in arms. I am. Sir. vour obedient servant. DUCIE. Tortworth, June 12. " Paris, le 7 Juin, 1856. "Milnistere d'Etat et do la liaison d'Empercur SecrCa tairerie Gtn6rale. "Monsieur le Comte,-J'ai mnis sous lea yeux de l'Empo reur la supplique que vous lni avez adressce, ai reffe4 d'obtenir le concours de sa Majestd pour 1'organisation do laSodWides d arins Anglais et Etrangers a Londres, dont vous dtes le Prcsident. " J'ai Phonneur de vous informer quesa lMajest4 rEmpez reur, voulant encourager cette institution puilanthropiquep a daignc m'autoriscr A faire inscrire son nom sur la listo dei sonscriptions pour une somme de mille francs, "J'ai donne les instractions n6cessaires pour que la montant de cette sonscription soit verse dans le plus bref delai possible entre les mains de Mons. Thomson HankeyX Tr6sorier dela Socicte. " Iecevez, &c., Loe 3inistre d'Etat et de la Maison de r'Empereurs " ACHELTLE ]OULD. "Monsieur le Comte de Ducie, Pair d'Anglebcrre, President de la Societe des Marins Anglais et Etrangers, I Londres." 3BRISTOL SUGAX-Y&ARRET, Friday, June 1l.-Witll the exception of Barbadoes sugars, there is now scarcely any. thing left in iirsb hands, and further supplies of all descripi~ tions are badly wated. For the fewv sugars brought for. ward this week there has been a good demand at improin prices. Refiners' produce has been freely dealtbin, aniz several contracts for forward delivery have been entee. into at higher rates. The demand for rum continues ext tremely ilat, and prices are quite nominal.
SALES BY AUCTIONT. To Draper.. Silkmercers. Ifosiersm Clotniers, and Milliners. M R. TIOMIAS HEMMING will SELL by AUC- TIONx. at his BRooms, 5, Pilgrim-street, Ludgate-hill, on Friday n.xt, Jitme 20, the STOCKR of a DIPER, 8ilkmercer, Clothier, and Mtilliner. On view on Thurday, and catalogues had Soutbgate, Middlesex, near the Colney-Hatch Railway Station.-To Plumbers, Painters, aud others. hWS R. BRAY, Jun., will SELL on the Premises as LV above, on Thursday, June 19, at 1~, the STOCK-in-TRA5DE, comprising sheet lead, lead pipes, old lead, brsss work, oils and colours. a three-miotion beer-engine, 500 pieces paperhangings, steps and ladders, twvo carts, a few lots of household furniture and fixtures, including a wvell-made door filied-up in imitation of books. May be viewed the day prior, and catalogues had on the premises, and of the auctioneer, 16a, King's-road, Bedford-row. Postponement of Sale.-Freehold Residence, with Ollices, Gardens, Pleasurm Grounds, anid Land. at Golder's-green. Hendon. Middlesex. MqESSRS. HERRING and SON respectfully apprise the putblic that the SALE of this mnost desirable ESTATE, annormced for the 26th inst.. at the Mart, is unavoidably DEFERRED for a short time, and viewing orders generally suspended; but sany party ivislring to treat for the purchase of property may, in the interim, upon special applcation to the autetioneers, obtain an opportunity of privately viewing the premises by previous appointment.-109, Fleetstreet, June 12. To Publicans. Private Famsilies, Brokers 'Wine Merchants, and others. MR. WHITTLE will SELLf by A CTION, on the i7iPremises. 4. St George's-terrace. Brixton-road, on Monday. June 16. at 12, the REMAINING STOCK of a WVINE and SPIRIT MERCEfANT, comlprising about 1GO dozen of fine old Post, Sherry. Madeira, Claret, Chamupagnze, arid other wvines, brandy, runm and whiskey, Guinness's stoult, Scotch and other ates in bottles, the fittings of counting-house, trade utensils, de., together wvith the household furniture, and other effects. On view the morning of sale. Catalogues on the remises; andof theoauctioneer,45, Old-street, City-road. Very capital Investments. ?%4R. YOUNG is instrueted to SELL by AUTC- 1ML TION, at the Mart, in lots, on Mo0nday. June 16. at I precisely, TVO substantial:y-built private RESIDISNCES, Nos.1 sand 2, Grosvenor-park north, near Camberwvell-gate: let to excellent tenants, at 0 per annum3 each house; Three well-built eight-roomed Houses, East Cottages, Edge areoacts ,producingtagress rentalrof per aosewoon nunse, an eyexeln rvteHue,i p e eetn street IsliSRgton. Particulars at the Mart: of iessrsL bhester,CAurchrowI J. MoFeigdtmay, Esq, 80, Batsighall-streeth e. Cook. Esq. Warvick-street, Golden-square; sad of th oauctioneer, New ChrwchstNeet west, Edlgevare-road. 1eatbourne rrove west, 9. Lambton4terraeo-Superior modem uEousehold Furniture and Effects, 6s Cottage Pianoforte in rosewfood rase, nl. ilJrESSRS. w. RING and Co. will SELI by ASECL tevening ov n Frida,e . June 2at 7 precisely, cpit the FULRNITURE of dining room ditto in mahsogany-* the bed room furniture comprises mahozany Arabian sad other edtds afew fine engravings, china, glass, plate ald blate goods, sad the aunal Buitlein reqLisite and culinary uter sils. ay be t vieed the day prior and moring of sale. Cataliogus on the premises, sad at the of tics of the auctioneers, , Weligtonroad, St. John's-wood, and 12, Hanover-pLace, Park-road. MNo. i arylebone-street. Regent-street.-Os Muonday evening, Juno 16. atl PvSefisely.-General MiGRelaneous Property, both usetul and Ornamental, Unredeemed Pled es, Farniture, lo. f1r ESSRS. l . and F. C. BO XHAis I illn SELL by modrat AUCTION, at their large Weekly Auction Roome, on Mionda. evening, June 10, at 7precisely, capital MfISOESLLAI'EOUS PROPER.TY; consisting of prints, books, china, glass, framed and glared engravings in maple and oak frames; unredeemed pledges, without resere, in gold and silver wcatehes, gold chains, earrings, studs, plated goods, cutlery, ldocks, lustres, Lapier-machO goods, furniture. de. And on Tuesday evening, at the some hour, superior modern Hlousehold Furniture and Effects, ithout reserve, removed from Charlotte-street, B.nsbury.Uark. On view M onday, and catalogues had at the auctioneers' offlces, as above. Freebold brick lResidence and capital Building Land, close to Boston- park, near the Brentford Railwiay Station. in the parnls of Ealing, Iby order of the Executors of the late Mfiss Trimmer. MR. ST.ANSO will SELL by AUCTION, at the caytl,T Juon, 1 reutf2 d oyn To uesdayro Junr 17,aatc2, the remaining capitaleSPLOTS Sof OCUL ofNGGROCLUND psssInggra depThaS, good frontages i Boston- park and Windmil roads. Afso the substantial Residence, knowin as Mlercury House, wiih long garden sand walled frsnt. The land tax of the whole propiertyis redeemed, and houses of moderate class are much in requestmi thislocality. Mlay beviewed. Particulars had at the offices of Mtessrs. Lyons, Barnes, and. Ellis, solicitors, Sprhin-gardens; Charles Leo, E5Q., 20. Golden-square: at the Mart; the inns at Brentford, Ealing. lw.i anda t hlr. Tima' offlces, 93 Regent-street, and 54. Charlotte-street, Fitaroy-squars. Uxbridge, aniddUesex.-To Farmers sad others. M R. STRANSOssI will SELL by AUCTION, on ACTO the Premises known as the Albert Iron Works, axbridge, on ThursdAy. .Jue19, at 2, by order of Mr. Stacey. the proprieter, the genuine SURPLUS STOCK of AGRICULTURAL IlPLEMIEN'TS, constructed up/on tho newest principles, and of the very best workmanship; consisting of four nsd t 2 horse power threshing machines, aeven `ereordhie and Suffolkbdrils, horse powers, scarHmiers, horse hoes, land presses, blowing and dressing machines, barley huofmtMers, patent chaff cutting machines. with one sad two knives, adapted for hand and horse power, chaff-boxes, seed-drils and harrow s, Lat-bruisers, lversl patent iron two-wheel ploughs, hay-makg machine, co. Ma y be riewed, and catalogues had of the auctioneer. Uxbridge, MiddUeses. ToContractmrs, Far U ers and others.-At Holconse's Farm, Ne- cross, o Pposite the Railway Station. R7. OWENr oias received instructions from the Proe rEtoRS, WhoLhSFs Ompleted aContat toM SELL by A CTIN,on th s, on Tday, June90,at 12for 1, at1, about 25 active DRAUGHT and VArN HORSES. 13 short-eomn cows and heHlers, n good condition, 21 Kent tigs, four stiongo road waggo6 s 151trickr aud rubbish carts, awell-made tradestan,s cart with tilt a headed phaeton, doule 3nd single hrness, 23 sets of thiU sad chann harness, 120 coal Jracks, chaff machines, cor bins, sad a variety of other effcots. May be viewed the day beforo the sale. Catalogues had at the Railw ay Tavern, New-cross; Plough Ion, Lewisham: Bul, Dartfolrd The Tuna, nHolwicha Hs g's Arms, Croydon; Bell, Bromley; Horse Shoe, Borough; and of the auctioneer. Bunmt Ash Farm. Lebe, and U 5pper Sydehohan. No. 7, Upper Porchiester-street, Hyde-park gardens.-The genuine Effects of the Residence, Pianofortes, Engravings and Paintings, &o. 7\ESRS.WELSFORD and Co. will SELL by ME AJC4ONJ,on Friday, June 20, atL12forl, modern FRNi- TURE and EFFECTS, comprising a drawuing room suite in rosewooal noble chimney-glasses, bronzes, clocks and cabinets, pated items,chinad glass, do.; the furniture of the dining room comprises Spanish mahogany chair3, dining tables, couches, chairs. a&.; the hod room comprises four-post and Arabian bedsteads, bedding, wardrobes, marbletop srasbctads, tabes, aOb the usual kitchen re,uisitea. a fewr dozen of fine wines, in Port and Sherry. On view Thursday and moring of sble. Catalogues on the premiatsc and of the auctioneers, 4-i, West. bourn-grove, and 35. Nfew Church-street. Ut,'1 Kont-road.-Preehold Ground R.ents, amounting to 23i Ss.6d. per aH num, arisTngf eoms6is ouses, at hr atehaerable-tefr, and a Pair of neat cottage Residences, producing arental of fnoa year. SmaR. . J. COLLIGm Ro has received drrections from the fortgadees, ro SEL by AUCTION. at the M.art, on Tuesdzy. JuAly 8. at 12. in lSlots.FREISIOLjD GROlJIND REiNTS.arountinz to 214 is. 6il, per annum, securcd upon 64 una' s dweur orgo ousy nd preises. situate in Hateham-stret, Cross-street,cand sateainread. Old asnt-road. The property is of recent ereetton, sad let on leHees, for telsl having about 90 years to run. The ground rents average about 3 sic . per loutos and the promerty wiU be sold in lots aceording t-tho leases; also a pair of neat residences, caled Alphacottages, situate in Hatebam street, producing a rental of 14 a year. Partieulars maybe obtained of Mlessrs. Bridges. asen, and Bridges. solicitors. 23. Rled lTion-sqnare, Holbonn: at the Mlart: and of MIr V. J. Collier. 3, WIoorgate-street. First-rate Freehold Investment. Domsetahire. M [ESSPJS. BROOKS and BEAL have received in- , . stnLctions to spubmit for SAPET by AUCION, in one or sio late at Garraiads, on Thursday, July 10, at 126 unless an acceptable oiner be in the meantims made be private treaty a tithe commuted FlEEH9OD ESTATE, Consistng of three very dtesiable farms, a water coin 2 riodg, inol esituaoteindthe seavderalt p raoshen ot South Perott, Citeddington, Broadwmsor, and Beaminster, together with themanoror reputed manor of Piikett, let to highly respectable and responsibe tenants, produging an annual rent of 325, independent of the planta- tionse and wremiseds, inepand. Caital evryoads.Pariecular an plans oeaybeobtand attcIedhwoteis, Becahinesfteru Bridport, Crewarernei Winterborne Abbas. Dorehester E. T. Whittaker. o smta. 12, lcotlags-anfields; arnd of M dessra. Broos and Real, 209, Piccadilly. Smaw's-hall, Griia.on, Stuttondcum-Hazelwood. andsTewton-cuhol Toulston,, near Tadeaster, West Yorkshirre.-By Mfessrs. HANDS the 1st day of Surly, at 2 O'clockf in tHhe anftersqnoonr, subjecto he suchcon dlitions as wiill be then produced, HF following valuable Freehold Estate, in the folLs towing or such other lots an may be determined upon PriOr to tire sale. viz. :-IotlI. A Trelling-honse, called Sanaw's-ball, homestead, farm buildinre. and land, in the townships of Tadeaster. Stutton-cumHarehwood, and Newnon-cum-Toulaton, containling 252a. lr. lIp., let to Mr. John Smith; land and stone quarry, 5a. 2r. lp., let to iffy Hf. WVaterhouse. sen.:polwantatritons,Os. lr. 0p. ivns hand. Tontnarlparish of Klirby Wharf, 3a. 2r. 21p., lette Mrr. John Smith. Thus estate Icompristeg LJots 1 and 2)lis subject to eeveral tithe rent charges, amounting altogetherto t4 13s. 4d., and to a fee farm rent of 5s. For plans and futrther particulars apply to hfr. C. Britten, solicitor, Northampton; or to Mtr. H. J. Ware, solicitor, 6, Nfew-street, York. Trowbridge, Wllta.-To Capitalists, Woollen Mkanufactrurers, and others. 1iJFR. J. G. FOLEY is instructed to submit to 1i L SAL:E by publlc COMPETITIO2N, at the George Hrotel, Trowibridge, on Mtonday, June 23, at 6 in the evening, subject to such conditions as shall then ho produced, all that eapita W AOOLLXEN CLOTH[ MANU-lFACTORY. rituate on the rtrer Buss, near the town |bridge. n Trotwbrldge aforesaid, late the property of Sir. Samuel Saun. drPa5t eceaeadi Also, all the dychooses, washing stages. two capital steam-engines, equal to 50-horse power, with newv steami boiler, and the wholo of the extensive shafting, gearwor'c &e., throughout the mills. And also all that excellent dwsliinr house sad premises, replete with every convenience; a Piece of rich orchard land, stocked with choice fruit trees, large walled-in kitchen garden, ashrbberios, and lawn, with the ornamental cottage, and Chinese arbour, standing at one end)of the orchard, the whole of which land contains2a. Or. 32p., and adjoinatho riverBiss N.B--The whole of the moveahle machnmery on the pr-emises (an inventory whereof will hob preduced at the time of sale) may be taken at a valuation should the plurchaser require the same and then declare his9intention so todo, otherwise the same will be immediately disposed of by public auction. Further parliculars and cards to view may be Ob.tained of the auctioneer, the Parade; 3icssrs. B. Bush and. Son, solicitors, Trorvbridge.- AtirtionX 011es. Trowbridgc. The East and West Tilbury Farms. Essex. oilrs hal b no mae b te prtis wo aye takren the trouble to vie te ars, heTrsteshav dtemiedto WITaDRAW these valubleESTAES,advetisd fo Sae byAucion on h 20th just., ~Mo!Z.--The Lflfdship Estate, Great Hadham, Herts, with its ESSRS. DA ILSIIHiY SO.N td5pectfully LSI ATpprise the several applicants and the public that the above ES T.as advertisedl for SALE by AUCTION , has been DISl'OSED OF by Private Centract.-Waterloo-place, June 7. 1311. Notice. 1IjFESRS. ANIE SMIT andSON respectfully .IT Inormtheappicats nd thes tatthe valuable ESTATE of GEATIIAZLEIH HA,L,withitsManor and Woods. near Malon Esex (a ltey avetisd or al bauction,) is DISPOSED OIlby rivte reay, xcet te Avowon,Watrto-plce.June, Notice. T%TESSRS. DANIEL SMITH and. SON respectftilly ,Lapprize the public that the GREAT WOOD. at itchington, near ILearmiuton, also lots 5, 4. and I', w,ere SOLD, at the Auction, last week-, hut lois 1, 5, and I), are atpresent open to Treaty.-WVaterlos-place, Jtune, 1156. W-ilts.-The Lordship_ or Manor of Laokns with itzsoeacious and handsome modem Mansion. beautiful River.Ornamiental %Yoodlands, and exceedingly rich Domain of 584 acres, in the. parish of Lacocic. near Chippenham, and within 14 miles of Bath. in the heart of the Duke of Beaufort's Hunt. AM ESSP.S. DAANIEL SMIITH and SON are com- missioned by the Executors of the late Captain Rooke, RLN., deceased, to submit for SAIE by AUCTION, at the Mlart, nsear the Banlk of England. on Friday. june 20. at 12. (unless an acceptable Offer shall be previously madej) the above singularly desirable and complete COUNTRY SEAT and very valuable ESTATE, all freehold sand free of great tithes The handsome atone mansion, with celonnade and winga, and on which the late proprietor expended reveral thousand pounds In substantial improvements, is delightfully p laced upon &, g ntle elevation, wills all its principal rooms opening tothe south, and suited in every respect for a family of rank and fortune, amidst uLnusually rich park-lake grounds, bounded by the windings of the river A-von. which for about three miles exclusively appertains to the estate, with its fIihery, s.c. It is patiularly adapted for the preserrtion of game A ee esrce alk, screenied from the north, leads to the walled gardens, and to a beautiful wood of nearly 50 acres (a famous fox cover), full of thriving oak timiber, and Intersected by gravelled walrs and turfed rides part sloping to the river. There are excellent stabling, suero farm-houses and homnesteads, and cottages for gardener anidT labourers Th praht h aso sb neat lodge androngatafocahe hipenam oa, wth csrigedivofabout thre-unees f amiecielythrngspanstonf udpaSmitha Throvaughbte gTuithe-leadsto thagzofthue la,ihcanais'ao Egle iso attaced toteEStte. PArtIcuLrs IT and plnsmy OeNa attecief hoteit aitoCipna andCBath; at the Marction Miart ofn Messrs. 1 arrcison in several lots, the FIREEHOLD TITHE-RENT OHALRGES amountIng to nearly 00 per annum, chargeable and apport,ioned on the various farms and lands in the parish of Fiiigi-inghoe=na Colchester, Essx,uner heTihe omuttio At.Particula- wil be ub- lnshedasm dueotn;fnthe ineteRim,ingfYormatioremaThe imortant~atd thei oaluaces,i Wateroloo-mace, o Pal-m ll; ofGr.ange Cwitoh iagentb toth eastate, rdCicto raead eastkS. Jon'sapta wood; bof ndeds Dangerbeld,ifand Fraser,gsolictor,e0 CrivenrW ee,har inlg-ctrthetow of Wethsrs. Tathee, Ypon,Uk on and Jarohnson. a siglyictuersou20 A ptnrarst oft a. Dangrield hetio, soleicior, gafrden, hent; ad atee Mrt tinthereasod p f tenl WetRdng skiYrktedrby-theimotnad very ableaeten FreehodDmi ofBirst-rangefam, wth iwtsable iston mansion,icwalledmepark, and cptal farms, boundeod byspnthbe benautifuler widigof rethe rivoertherf closeto105 theestown ofWihehy betwceenYr and itemids faro e a heighouhGlypcueqear of the hgetr-et abltind wthin heasyrea of the meets of sHuemi an ofithoundesyec of teYorS. ad AnIEty IT and ote onsO nd will (unleros otber gran accetrableon ande shallib previoulytade) sbmit tor pubidece and ixestmetION aThee isa rt, nTesay,toJunek 2onatig ith above mos palrtbl and dekinghtfulTh FREEHonD androanearly tihe-freme ESTATes cndomrisnamcaptal arnd spteacios, mansion,e wIt ecerye appseleendag fpor a family lp of ditinction, suerir gh ardens, hthuesrve, pasur grounds, tbIngit liedgs .eii p erfectuoan Gorder, suround Tedb lan richo supebl andmos subsantiart rihomesteads, indtheaudos ofoodrespon-swible tenamnts atneydo trevnts,odans altgehe abouts1,0e0acres prion arin fece, dt"nand in the mdt ofn aineaighorodfte highes rest n aepect-. ablt nthe heart oy f the Bstate.mPHunt.uand withinin ayh ebasy rach ofthe Yli orkl and Wenthly, and Othrhound , and wih aum rou rogther grat attrAuctions 1and sof ldW adantaes, bothkford reidence aundtionvestent Thesssreshisa, raiwaytoYrk. connect-uiingsi wit all oai f theskDiegdom.ithe mandSion,is pzdaet%i preachedoyhandsom ledges flyandhorimedtao ironeatewayis, adisposal sreloude and shelautere,npo aeTle eiopeo-teparkEtt, neatopristhe a nofle thlenrive, and command. lag ue panpos-wtits epietsresuan wooded brews. Thnecland in of firt ate qualt-rrat sarrrchpatues and meadows interspersuped wstoGetIthms orametaol andege wthrivaingwodins, ohrAppndagcosideralepotionl s-cat ommodane lanft the town. einecsaovroing hihent ainde catfe pera-h anendnetmn cmnigapital. Hxalf te purchasemotsneyrmy, remai son techidef hotelsvate rud Wehe fy naPrisborogh anvred, beuyor.adHr Juncion;d tof Mresse.arefordpuslicios CO NEwIIN B ank-building;and ofa thess.anke Smithgland, Son, lusand agents, iune,Waterloo-plac,wh (inilysa autoriadbltoftreatfrisbdisosaepreviouslyato )ivttheeaution.ir The Pior p ark Estate,son praethopiing acnoble, sptsfouledid, and sacbove Stone impransion, wftr-tamextnsv modAErn wings, adconnectedtby proi toturat acansdes and cridors,ne laeyocpein the GreahofRth t Romprse Catholyc Codlltege with vriousy wother, appndaemells,e deightul Ornamnte oant ono he Isproud eminenes. overlooki ong thefinmeriy ofe rath, andte commanding a grand spexpans of magnhitectuenwthseey bu so-n eludcotoedain privatpalgrounds oloftsrpisn arndhvarie beauuty.a(cn Mann ml ESSRS.oDANIELfo SMa faiyoand]SO are omtune it. hnsioned taogn peare ftore publicCOMPETmTIogn, ato the Mart near thengankhef EnStgl teand,nTedy Sthe 2thlJun, aopieth12 chapels dormtoresaaaepaleture roos,thbetres,suios, rfctobyriaestrC.ebty enthir br inaayf oewudivsin phresrenting choice sitesfor building)theabov ryioupothrdtanthand ofarfamed ES tAE withins and consauntly pos-. sesn o~nds, idherabeanwuec and other boroughrde ofuBthnucmplvrisesy andary0 acre,i ah hl ragfendiegtit thre,n chrieflyo thedparsturelanr. Alsontatirnamesh- otag brides.a Tnw ahe manion(ormry; th crpem. ~enc of~ordHawrden inof te bst ath sOnBe,rsad win d peryec poiicoto achpricipl fontof oft Cointian colaus, many con wingps,hise.TigshedaSt Mel etlerhaatd St cpau al's coParise the Chapels dormitre, lectuthre roms, teares tdisProcese,c.bt bevernasiydemVede, etherearecptastbagndfrbulis,wh sur groudsy, wthe 2terrac aund, athe frwak an rideoasbdieto of mnulai tnd extenut.r The whole abounding withsprings GofH the purves waer. valsoanornamentLI cotTAgeSretratkownerasthed Priory;ta completen valoutableestonhe quaries.tesriptieprticulars,eplluwa plans mayh boie hae(rtie m .each,s tpon admi four pronsf a the chiseve libraerieswi Bath;ounigwt Messrs watts an Petrave suprolicitmores,Btheand at Bthe. Craven-sreet,an Csrig-latdbiigs; andhomto of Messes. Danilimthadso, landl agenats, in Wateloo-plaent Pall-inseali el,te hrhFr Fr,and o evdtther Lnsm tz C,allerPoetisipn the barksh of thelrversey Severn and esroserws betwee Threwsabtrysmatyb,vanwd Wlhooal Maint hetnns ESSRS.rticuIE S wIT h plndsON will submit H tol puewblic C R ITIn, Atbruy the LionsHtel, Arewsbr, tOnweFridy,the eightof,June.aget 1fr2oClereok.gbymdirectinso atthe Executiorso Mat;e leateSr MEnC.eubrowel, Gnd.Hawsohe abovcjvery vLuabole'-n n FRE oLD MesTAE.eDonielmihand Soflnd-tax- comprising aboutl104pacr, thPratel arl rc demalvilcollwt.sm certle madows1 ie ro hesuy upon the bnsothmy rsoeenand to erinewli aoundring wirthish,arwithf an ve Pryospeior farmehomenstedo. sbn ti rikndeltebiELdg,i SMTHe ocuation SOf wM.W Davies, ~~~~~~~~a h AnHotel, Shrewsbury; tteOkIn,lebsy h ysa Armn Waterloo-place, Pall-mall.u offeing artiulary sae an im rovnginvarranent ESnfi wor. DA IL Mthe sand, SONh wa lofe ,LJ.orSLEb AUTION esate thye LioHtel,w heebd y ona aberefordshie.-byT de ohe r Exec C urtorsHa Cofth l sate Sir thC thse Marsion anH,decased,f inuthey paris of astory vir., Rethe Water EstateU,th Fewaree, FDarm atd CrgOn,and. the requste Andgricmturdie Farm, comprisis cntbing altogether about 536crsofeceln pacrsture, rihe mead ow, a end so nd amleu land ine g tttparts siende by O therie Haver wiuth Esutable h.ometherands, icnd ine thewhnds of respectabl yearl nat,t lowE rets UUO pan the Pent,on 1Phrmday fine seat ofth reale hasmeenrecentl adhiscoyverabed andOcERTaInS arnemnsistn am nhowi handfrcarreipgutedheaorkingPtloy the amPital mausirtonthofse canle utmed oiate vasthriturn Thed esatdes mlayube viewedon apliaetiontlo, sthebteng,ants land priculars, withthplans,ehadwatethe LionlHotel, bopewabomry; a th Oakou Inn, aireruly;fthelod ynith y th rms,ep tonwetof of Mcr. Leightond hlad ag te ant. Cevsof , WGlhape therfieolfatilthesAcioencMr;oeS'sr ent, caldHUCutField wanld garson, sorlciad ctoaes, Lincolabo-inn andcfressrs. Daniel Smithow and pson,o landageinea ringfWat,nterlo placerPll-mall. rl.lotear omet inereuordshgrea-ttihes,ateynCourothandEall ourt Estates,wila the Mansion andhi Maor ofK tey ninastonni h aiho c CornRent, Wamuter igCfaornMil FaXrms Ctages, and Woland,i all rueitior AgiulHturcon Buldings,f andh Ctty aes,containin altgthraboeI ut The areh;s; and theiin yhearyCr Renttes,i lieu a ofvetdsac,o the grciihs,aiigOtie ofth HalleCourtadGoesteran dothertlandsfiltedtounyh of lecnerasbon. TheSInenedin ofIE th ocsIter and HeeoNd Rillo owie PVafr wiAbLbou AUCTIoN. autltey Court. Th Frniday July bea sethe abovear imortant and thigl vsalusayble viOeRTdon consisation tof the Meeano ortepunted Maor ofarticley;, wthepas eapitl maso-ouAlse, called autne Court,r woithitos wLledbgardens,W plesur g eronsplantativeors, sHebreg,oad; landrs Singlhand and the ancientGrwatynercortmil. aed. sevral frms, in the pxcinAarishesd tofMsss P Dle,ashelSrth and Woolhop ae,icompriing Waberout-3lacresl-mallfreodwihtexcp teionhofu47 acruaes anphod heldgn mofdternMansriofWono the finutiold familyo rhesdne challed, HallsCout ewithden walld garde, Orchards,le corttaes and abchoutd-baride. faal.mao,adpsueln,i in linof theli grAtitEs, aritheagrt,o neHarth CorEtaukofEandlauds, in theidtownship4 of Jnulyo,i ath pais ofMuch. Muiea rctevaountsistoseg of byrichatiy patureay, and aerablegaland, ThiaAe ohNSIO ase Hae erefordandlcese and the townr ad Cofpedhr, Thescensery dinaibeau The intended line ~~of the Womse n eeost Raoiw aynil Iby ard uly. an th esttes ay e viwedon h appiveiort bthee end Baber. oliciors. edhur; ilI. bu . Aperftley seurveyo, Hereord; Mssr. Sngltonandriran,9,orea ae-tetBd harw,mogtery It eontaiu vr comdto n pedg for a large family, admirably planned and highly decorated, wiith a complete suite of domes'ic oflices, capital stabting, ice-house, &.c and most productive iwvald gardens, with hot-houses, gardener's house ftc.= also about 10 acres of valuable gardengromcl, which may form a separate lot; the whole abont 40 acres, and in high order, and forming an important and most desrable property. No person can bo per. nitted to view wvithout an order. Descriptive particulars may be had at the chiefhotels at Richmond: and of Messes J. H. and G. Lake and Hendall, solicitors.t10, Lincolnx's-inn;' at the Auction Mart and of Mlessrs. Daniel Smith and Son, land agents, in Waterlooplace, Pal-mall, who are fully authorised to treat for its immediate di3r,spl. The Iford House Estate, in Wilts and Somerset, near the interesting Ruip,p of Farleigh Castle. upon tho bank of the River Frome. in the weli-known beautiful district between Bath, reshford, and Trowbridge. MESSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SON will sub- 1 mit to public SALE, at the Atart, near the Bank of England. on Friday, the 4th of July, at 12 o'clock tunlesa previously disposed of bypnvate treaty), entire or in two lots, the above desirable FREE1 HOL RESIDENTIAL ESTATE nearly exonerated of land tax, and partly tithe-free; comprising a substantial mansion on a moderte scale, witha very valuable may,orialt farm and suitable homestea wmil, with a considerabTo power of water, the groperty being bounied or intersected for one mile by the river. The Iouse iu plbned in a sheltered spot overlooking the brier and its fine range of rich meadows studde with timber, at the bsof a beautiftl hWlymrange of wooded pastures, perfectly screening it from the north and east. It has well-dressed varied pleasre and flower gardens, with terraca and other walls conservatory, and good stabling, and al the usual ontohices fore? moderate country establishment, walled kitchen gardens, &c, and it is approached bv a beautiful carriage drive through its own plantations fromthoturnpike roadwDhich isitsboundlaryonthe eastern side. The estate comprises about 1 sacrei of superior meadow, pasture, orchard, and arable land, all lying compact in the united parishes ef Westwood, Farleigh, Freshford, and inuton, only about eight miles from Bath, aud four from the Trowbridge station, andouly about three hours' journey from London, On the Farleigh side is a farm-house, with gardee, yard, and farm-buildings, and cottages for labourers. Particulars and p lace maY be had at the Castle Hotel and chief libraries in Bath; at theBalwsyBoteBristol:at the Inns at Bradford and Trowbnidge; of A. Stock, Fsq., solicitor, Devises; at the Auction Lart;* apd of MIessrs. Daniel Smith and Son, land agents, Waterloop'acc, Pall-mail. London, of whomx in theinterim every information ramy be obtained. Cipital Freehold FAlMe in Beasex, surrounding West Thusrock Churchi and within twcs2i1es of the Grays Station on the Thames Halres Railway, 'with a superior and 1pleasantly situate Farm. Residence and Homestead, also sGome Tithe Bent Charges. ME,SSPRS. DANIEL SMITH andl SON WMl SELL [ Iby AUCTION, atthe Mart. near the Bank, of England, on Friday, July 18, (ins5tead'o&f 1th. as previously ad vertised,) at 12. (entire or in two lots) by direction of the Executers of the late General Sir Iraucis 'A"der, the Tery valuable ESTATE at West Thurrock, known as the Parsoage Farm, comprsig nearly 300 acres, part a superior soll for wheat. and clover, with isoame rich marsbses, also some very ox. ceilent tm-nip aud barley land, with a few acres of wood, on the higher part round the house, 'whch is chreerfully placed at a pleasant distance from the high road, with lawn and garden, commanding beanutful views. ever the river 0o the 'wooded hills of Greenhithe. The farm-bauidings are chiefly niew, of br'clq 'with slated roofs, and in complete rePa1r. Thbere are also three neat Cattages for labourers The farm ia let to a highly respectable tenantt until leirl,Pelmas. 18583, at a low rent, Aleut 78 acres in a risg fence of exeolleiit trible ..a grazing land, fomn h etaddvdno h anm.sd the titbo reneeLlarges on other lands contiguous, will be offered separately, but thle whxole may e teatd fr tgethr. artculrsnd leans may he had at Mar; o T.W, udd Es,, olcitr, 3, edlrd-ow;andofDaniel Valabl Frehld tea an Wnd-ill, wthan importantfrontage uponthehus oftherive, aar ray, oposite Greenhitnie, with 'whaf an crek, fr sippig th cor anilour, end about 13 acres 1IISSPtS. DANIEL SMITH and SON will submit iLto AUCTION, at the Mart, London, on Friday. July 15, (instea ofthe 1thas reviously advertised) at 12 o'clock, the WEST THUIRIOOK -LOUR 3ILLS, in the occupatiob of Mlr. Noke., subJeestto two years notico,at alow ren3t. They comprise, exclusiveof the 'windnsaill, a spacious three iloor mill, worxed by a powerful eteam engine, and iatogether seven pairs of stonies, with a owelug-houne and two neat cottages, stabling, cart ledge, corn, sack, an=olW r oo-ms,% also a garden, orchard, a small sat marsh, samd a close of arable land, about 13 acres, with an. entrance lodge, and private approach from the turnpike read, within thlreemiles of the Grays Railway Station. The adOining valuable Farm is also for Sae. Particular may ho had at the Inns. at Grays, Gravesend, Roraford, &0,; at the Mart; of T. W. Budd REsq, solicitor. 3~3, Bedford-row; and of Messrs. Daniel Smith and Son. land agents, in Waterloo-place, Pall-mallt RB~ks-kehe.E-Jllnel Manor Hiouse. with itsbeautifulpleamur Ground, and rich park-ike P1astures, 'which are superbly timbered, and refreshed by a handsome lake-likej sheet of 'water, 'which extends through its valuable farm adjolniny.in the favourite anld icturesque neglebombhood betweenlWindsor. -lidenhead, and Beadfing. ESSRS. DALNIEL SMITH and SON are coammis. LVJz sone-d by the Executors of the late General Sir Francis Wrilder to sumit o pubic CMPTIION,at tEDMart, on Friday, July the 8th,(inteadof he 1th, s pevioslyadvertised.) at 12 o'clock-, (unes anaceptbl ofershll o revoulymade,) the above very chocean vInbIFIEEOL lIAORALESTATE; compisn about222 cres suroundng acapialnd mnost comforta'ble upon agenteieoevate spot, the principa rooms opleinsotwr to telwus and Siower gardens, which sope 'westward toth 'water, and leading east,iard through a beautiful avenue of limeato a conservatory and a deightful 'walk through plantations and shrubberies, which encircle tha richbhack pastures. Thiefarm is letto animaproving tenant, and Lies withain the ring fence upon the road to BraclrelL 'which is only o,o maile distant, and at 'which a railway station 'wfi ho sihortly opened, bringing it to the Great Western and Bri~ghten and Dover Lines, and wvithin one hour and a halfs journey of London. The ridles said walk-s in the neighbourhood are proverbially rural and picturesque, embracing the scenesy round Pope's-wood, It is within easy reach of the Royal Kennel at Ascot, and of M1r. Wheble's,loxhouads, and the watersa afford good fishin,g and aquatic shootin~-'. A sniall wood and a close of amable land, about 11 acres, detached, nssr Warfleld,wiillbe offered in aseparte lot. Particulars,with plans,may be had at tho Mfercury office Reading; at the Auction Mart. of T1. W. Budd. Fsq.. solicitor, Bedford-row ; of Messrs Daniel Smiith and Son, land agents, in Waterloco-place, Pall-mold; anLd of their agent at Windsor. dairlow. B3uckia-Beech os,aFehl Viniost desirably -situte within a short walk of the town, amaidst the beautiful scener skirting the Thames, upon the Henley-read ; also about five acres of valuable BuildAI,a and, upon the Wycomrbe-road. 1IjiiS P.S. DALNIEL SMITH and SON wil (unless juan acceptable offer ispreviously mode), submit to AUCTION, at the MTart, on Friday, July 18, the above beautifu.ly situate RESI-. DFlECE, containing every accommodation for a moderate establishmient, good stablilag. 3most productive 'walled garden, and 'well dressed lawnm anod pleasure grounds, 'with vinery, and conservatory ; Two superior newly-buit Cottage Lodges with about 28 acres of arable and pasture land, with 'wooded brows, intersected by shady walks commandic cheerful and varied scenery, embracing the river and the bold range oftiil aud'woods on itin op nosite hank ;also in a separate lot. about five acres of excellent sound laud abuttng upon the Wycombe-road, adjoining the estate of Sir George Nugent, Bert., and offering a very attractive spot for building, 'within half a mile of the town. Particulaurs are Preparing, anid may be skortly had atthe chief Inns in the neighiboterlioodl; of Messrs. Mealing, upholsterers, Mrarlow; -at the Mercury Office, Reading: the auction mart; and of Messrs. Daniel mihnd Soln,land agents, in Waterloo-Place, Pall-mall, and of their agent at Windsor. WVarvvekskeire. bordlering upon Leicestereire and _Northam-ptenslhir.. -Important Freehold Domain and noble Residence Mfanors and beauitifual Woodlands, only three hours' ourney froanndon. ijfESSllS. DANIEL SMIITH and SON wvill (unless iLL reviously disposed of entire or in twro or three fine divisions, for whinch they are now prepared to treat) subnil to SALE in diversi lots, offering some choice farms for occupatior or investmnent, with spriorhomnesteads the distinguishied SEPA and imporinsitDOMAINI andMAXORS of NEWBOId)-HALL, betweeni Rugbay, Coventr, Nuneaton, and Lutterworth ; comprisig a handsome, capital, substantial mansion, replete 'with every comfort for a large family, with excellent offices, gardens, and pleasure grounds, on a comparatively inexpenisive scale. delightfullysecluded,in a rich and superbly timberedt Iark'wth ledges aud other appendages, and surromnded byv several firt-at farms, altogether above 2,000 acres, a gra part rich grazmng land, 'which, if not shortly sold entire, will bedivided into lots, Pasmy h inspected, and every informationx and ordlers to view obtained at their offices, in Waterloo-place, Pall-mail, by bona fide applicants giving their address, Particularsmay also be had ofIfMessrs Harris, Sen. end llubbard. solicitors Rugby, The Redl Lion or Bridge Hotel, Hlenley-upon-Themes, Oxen, with ite various Outbuildings, and commanding frontage to the river. ~jESSRS. DANIEL SMITH rend SON will. (unless previously disposed of by private treaty) submit to AUCTION, at the Mart, m Jutly next, tTether or in two lots, the above longestablished and old favourite FEOLD DMN, with its various offices, extensive stabling, and other outbuidngs granaries, and spacious yard. It is freehold.i5 admirably placedc~lsos to the bridge at the entrance of the market town of Henley, with immediate access to the river Thames for beating and fishin,g, and in command of it. sur. prisingly rich anid beautiful scenery. Since MrX. Dixon's death the business has been suspended; but its choice and convenienit situation and old associations,% with the annual regatta, &c., if it is opened as an hotel for families and the accommodlation of vistors, constaently at' tracted to this delightful and healthy spot, mutst ensure an immediate retina of its cuistomn, with a vast increase on the comspletion of the rail. roadfronm Twyford to Henley, expected to be opened within a sew mo-ight, wthu tUhetleas detrimettohe FehoudRsiencasdt a prvtehtl,able Fapprpratdjfornng 'wafi crn raai theomaotrng and elh aihoaf twrslade,o wlthrbuiness.e Theesoftate laybe viewedh and cpiartclar tonowedngof Old rodStre,ciy n ofIE SMesssH anieSmihONd Son, Waler leoplae rals-ianed to 'whomtt papplicationBTIbIObe madetby parties disRose-hil, teabdelihtfulydesituate FreodResiLDene wiThATE valuable Famajiing3msofral, i tubsfavotiao and helthopdioshofCamilersham, withi thrycneenilest dofesthelag boroughs sabnd coapitalhownf Rearding, bandtixfu from Hendloey. adn,vihbod -vle ere n otb,er ak,eblibdwt SaSDvIE rSietH o a mndiSnta treesconlxmisn husionedatos.bi to. publroun Pe TITIOri , m ato thlart, ind Julyvinext thoaoveh very-hdesirbe FREEHOll requsTAte; buimpnAatabuges'ms comfotable. substantias an crtommodious faneil mansion, 'wilthvey cW.onverhngientgdomesc oices stbwn. 'co shnach-oueas,ardns,al bfteaetifullancand floergaordens,i'witheboahrei edsteseucta etd aotherswaith embtuellshued withs an varivetyi oftornamenalho tressan luxuiantshrus, cdars de. suronsfe b rihimcdh- land a n frtcas veyWaluhabletiow-freefrmofd Fabout 200ow acrs, Saincludin twolmal labouE,SRS'ctae. CAvIELa S IsH aprind SOfNh fine rabngeto heltyoils ovLeragg tho AU ThO,aties'hc isaitharyina pule,s(itwaot Wilof th res tlemen. deeaT d he aebhorh iovtehiauabet PRespetabLDty EAbond with picturesquite'wls and ladrives, is6ithin rach ort towo.o three Cpactalo Fehounds andTtrainsfrom Dadirywhc hasm nar Cire-tcasser staton),onslyon hisour's journey fromt trndon. ThEL esat AcaIOnno be'viewed withoutpanat lot,hrder.oPrticulrs with plAainwll bEhorLyD publshe. an ma the behad t techef nns Cikat eadofeinged Henly:a th Autio Mar; o Mesrsefeor Fuield, andThDalanns Lincln'sinn andof Wn. raha, Ba.,abandocien in ind . thess Danil Smth ad So, lnd aents en hleroo- lace,aPall-mall n gaoihidstow.-Freehld tleFarm,unowntas Saisbury Hull, AM FESSRS. DANxIEL SMITH and SOiN wml submit _1Lpreiouslysold y dipoe b rivate tey,bydectontreoffTruses unde S They Aillof. agenlema, deceased thmpetaoe valudeiableFeEHoLder ESpotanta,fre reatp tithes adlu-a,sttetWandilursheanat of Eshex aoutpresbentweendHerlease d, atavrylwrnt.I Malvprnwabout 228itacrlofvr prnsoduniv adrably n rhl eaowrlamnd,aurrwouding lawn,und,garruden.b-sParticlars, ith tlane,maybtoetherned of Messrs aurgyes, Clartl , anudd byns srolictos 10Oxodstre et; and otdf vihgm who resatore dtorcev ffrebsrvaetray 1UESSRS. DANIIEL SMITH and SON will (unless ILLpreviously disposed ofby privatetreaty) SELtt SLEb AUCTIO. T'cloc, eyinsprt loguts, three orfuver y vlal..SAluacoble ingFR eEHOd athgeprsh of asgond faeiynres,denea ofcs andmnsv Crcaleade, mostein veyeligible adipoiglne investments,.t oe ,r ie formbuiding.as Texclands areotingamntad timbereGd, fihndgwelwathere waith inel riuets,hPr-l nebighborod: atd nythen 11zha of Messrs.HarrltersdFc, somicitors, YugrayictmLicl's-inn; eaid of Messms Daniel Smith and Son, adaet,e ln gtsinWaterloopm,Pl-mail. alma] h reatoiedt rK Inr itL dispoty prvof s torkthe auction.i iut asin ihrc ,r-egrud,sdvluable Farm eoldhe Iuverstuexi. ~ :h S. DA IEL SMTHad rOewl (umness ony evito SEL Isposed he ofbPr ivateoConthratoer fors Sanimpotan c-aUctO, inJuLy, anmde complE-te an desirofabletmodern acrs,iOn,a rin eple,ewith wevery acomoldmatinfor an gueroodfarmiy inptnibuningstales beutiul leauregrund, andsLomet onser-l vatoy, god crdcs.~&a te 'holeinsprfe t Odr f treeralde an freefromtites sd ndtax A geat raextestrofadm a hutigonoh tame. Paticlarsmay e hd onthe pplestin o ffncsil o ther kownautoried gene. n teroo-lae,rPal-mall hreaos ComvwalL-Valuable Freehold Farms, in the rich mineral district be tween Bodmin, Traro, and St. Austel. 1tW3ESSRS. DANIEL SMITHI and SON will submit lLkto nublic COMPETB'TmON, in the month of Jlly. a very valuable ESTATE, in tho parish of RoBbe. Cornwall; consistig of freehold farms, a mill and great power of water, also a considerable interest in the surrounding wastes. The property abounds lsth pipe clay and iron ore, rnd it is presumed other minerals of great valuo-offering a most safe and improvable investioentforean entesprising capitalist. Further particulars will bo shortly publshed, and masy thon ho had of Mr. Carv- eth, surveyor, St. Austalof Mesrs. Torer, MIackenzie, and Co., Teignmouth: of Me2srs. Tatham, Upton, UJpton, end Johracn, 0orhtore. Adlntinfriarls; and of delssrs, Damel Smith and Son, lana agents. in Waterloo-place, Pallimali, L.ondon. Secure long LJeasehold Investinenta-Paddinetond o. J. WeJ.tOnqGIL,IL begs to announce that he w,ill istruL,byPublic LUCTIO , at arroCTIONs. on Friday, June 20, at 12 for I, in five lots a substantial brick-built FAMILY REmSI DENCE, being No. 21, 'Bloomf eld-streetN WestouEeFerrace north, Paddington. Also, twvo dweing-houses and shops, and twio ranges of stabling and soach-houms in the rear, sitnatedya Bristol-place, Westbonne-grove. The precod gniproperty is naew -erected, and inrapidyf improving ncighbonrhoods. Hldd by long leases at moderate grond rents. Printed particulars may be obtained seven days prior to the day of sale, at Garraay's* of C. HE Charlton, Esq.. solicitor, 141, Fenchurch-strest; and at thesauctioneer's offices, g31, hne Oxford-street, cooner of Tottenham-court-read. l, IS, Wellingten.square, Ohelses.-Modern and elegant Hou-ehold F'imiture, and ornamsental Effects, a 61-octave cabinet Pianoforte, an rosewvood cae by FIesell Paris, &ae MIjESSRS. CD,AWSdN and KNIGHT have received ,LILX instructions to SELLf by Public AUrCTICis, upon the above Premises, On Mtonday. June 21. at12, thevwhole of the modern and elegant llOlUSEHldOI FUNITURE and EFE%CTS, comprising drawing-room furniture, in rosewood, covered en suite in Utrecht velvet, marqueteric cabinets and tables, chimnmeY glsese, piertable3, andgirandole, in carved and gilt frames, dinin room and study furnituro, in mahogany, vis,, sideboard, with ylate-glass back, expanding dining table. easychair3s,inleather, chars covered en site wfith curtains, in embossed Utrecht velvet, an ottoman bed in leather, Brus. sets and other carpets and suer, gas chandeliersien or-mnolulandbronze, mahogarny four-post, and japanned iron Arabian bedsteads, and bedding, wardrobes, and chetsl of draweres, cut glas chins, &c. May be viewed on Saturday, the 21st, and on the inornmg of sale. an.dcata. talog,ues obtained on the premises;i and at the officea of the auctioneers, 47, MIortimer-etreci, London, andChclmsford, Essex, P'all-mnall.-Library of about 2.OGO volumes of well-bound dRoos, ESSRS. FOSTER and SON WMl SELL by AlSO- A1TIOI4. at the Gallery. 54. Pa1l-m~all, TIS DAY (Sat',rdsgi June 14, a LIBRARY of about 2,00 Olue ofthe most popular works in general literature. including very many relating to the fine brts, illustrated vorks, galleries of pictures, in bandiome morocco raddecaf bindings, aud in excellent condition. Pall-mall.-Walnut Sideboard, with pnl fi~-i-g on view. 1IrSSRS. FOSTERandSOIN~ are directedlto include Miln the sale on Monday. June 16, at the Gallery. 51, Pall-mlall, a %% slout-tree SIDEBOARD, manufacturedl for the Great Exhi-bition of WiL It is S feetS wide. and mostearefully mnanof"turedfrorn an srit esg, pthecrngae expensive, the general effeec of the r aord inImpoed by te introduction of three panels of plat-e glass. P0i-mall.-Beautiful decorative Furnitue Bronzes,Cok,- gjtr S4vYres and Dresden China, carved Walnut Sideboard with panels of loc kng-ghMas.-Now on View. '~ESRS. FOSTER and SON WMl SELL by AlSClt TIQN. at the Grallery, 54, Pall-mall on Mondlay, June 16, ati, an ITALLAX M4AIIQUETF1tIE TABbE of mrat beauty, winged commodes with panels of rA-Aisd ni54aOs In prleliou stones modemn bol cabnet, ibrry abes,car tble, jrdnleseand work tables, mar. oneeri an ru p oodboocass ad eritire, Svams China Tases, cloks cos,andcaares,a hghbubl eguatr,old bahi and mar- Hornsey-lane.-Household Furniture, Chariot, and out-door Effecta.- By direction of the Executors. l1jESSRS. FOSTER and SO-N will SELL by AUSOiTLTON.on te Pemiss, orusy-lne,a few minutese walk- over i11bgatl.-asrceay on Jonday, Janvie 1o, atUver 1ab, onlante of theu nubroflt,0th0 maoganyes andt Dessewoo Ferv ITcEe,fdraw ing, diningeroof, lbary, anf.Le bed AChaIber, old lo Ganderya,e china,lls an D'ursday,Jn17 carit, greenhosely lantS,RVand out-doer effects ouncve.Ctlges o n IVR AE tprmisuftuand at Messrs. Ftosteand hossi-a leLso--iCaand o sewels,hervicbe ofdilver Table dznplate of abou ses ac 000fu ounres Gish t cestos.ert S; ofeervice, eo.r 1UESSRS. FOSTER and Sof will, by adirecteoauo lortmer,incldingtwo ouislIly tou tureenbs and Our saund bots a nenio d J.an six oHerbtable dishes thre dornpltsw F.Setsnea,ffureti dishes c..Tuasers,teA an . cofee iseic,enr branc teavkettle,ad tway priltdesrt,evc opr and plaoue a a sss oteaus :ofewceer dish randll r,kIe, Is,iesoosaraesisos g ornaents incudin brceles an~roohMisetlanithbes int. n Messrs. Fostr and Son.n5.SPall-mall ~JfESSRS. FDSEBRnA,SOR and SON wiSLnb lO next TJune1, at ATheGallery.4 falmall BRILLIANTay JAuneG1, al precsel, acolecton f PCTUES,comrisngceverexampes of thela In aLinneny 3,VIt,ablerLiert Po tAe, RenlCargs,anilRvrin FStone. ey inAtJe WFurnd.OWer dnesday, JunLe2is IITSSRS. D)EBENHAMJ, STORR, nnd SON wil LY.L ElL-, at theIrIN aoms iG-rawystet Covednt-garde, June 25dat next9 et in lotsb are ftie a largnee ofatityoif expeTnsie, FOaG bandwpt EIfGISI LCE vlalueward of 100CES withl alnsoCloths,rDoeskns. ther sevmeralsumils, Velvets.70, Satndettes bondfr,0, consetingengts tril onSmrithvoubll h boue ads vglegn siand itols ladies'h rand gentlemen attires, and 1o2the mPclanties41,0 Onsosv pyaleew.e etho aMay6yar fi~,agndific eurent Dimod bramgens, of&c pr. n MeahoSSReas. artEBEulVsfLIe, ohst6R.EadsO.5,hn erll GarwaysELL,n at thei Rooms,n ofiesing-street, Covent-garden,.nTusa next.sJae-h17s, eau PuIroad veryoofine gitLleAmaTlEARRIdnGS,a larg snaebroch,inthrieliantur a lyand la ekete rlin serpent pin, looSe DN R bwilnetbo l 'rius uoseteagpreebysi turr,oines and emerls, par la-g anwod, frnine temBeraulding,brillant rcelmets,tand opoiether bieotelranep of the mos epesivcar aacter. Gold anlydsler smaers cwlocslrsing-hue whchasbes,wt silvderandy pnlat-ed fttngs Tea and coffesservieoos, steay caiters crueat frames, spoons, fpcorks, dcinin soieand Shefiel pinto, aeandah bther-aluable pandu entanefualefets.On case,and atr-pcylosauable, Life, Pndoiis, entChrge, Idahnd Reunre y, to-eee' rooem ind sthre roomd, Wednesday,er Jant'ed ro5. an fthre-sastbe anS.dEEofA, c- STO, an andtryhosON. Wooll sd-oseisyapprochedOby at carriwage'siv thon ghWednesdy, tianereda 12roinds iot styoder uof th bassignel lop r iaingeyawn arihi baunkrupt, THxrEEtsvaluble esanEtPOLCIEe,swith oirnusestcheren,gardethe ooservealtusofy a1n00 gre00,s andre0 atace bo tehuend for20. cntigen onm survevrehpenedb theAslute preversionstor One-Sxthnin Partmpof00 Chonsoleunds14t Pariintbofe10,00rCnselsdg,wipayuablefon nthe geath o eachforS yers,Partculrs o Jaes ohnstoductive57 Chancery Capitaside-house Reaulencerwthab, orwood acgentl suemanr lyesadene MR. LEIFCHILD is instructed btotSELLrbyrAeto- GoSL yArraway's. a a-iys on Tuesday, Janu4,te noe very eacElleTATEIL Pleasanlysituat CE, whic isrte gmoeysitageeal sitanding theabstn pardetofNorviwoo, frning the peauienofF-roaed,an imaudiaoutey sfirablesdellTin-osde,sicbleha broeeny comprsdes abysjrdaclnd fais proeidee, and o fiet fr immed%ibateyccpaion,g containsixnedrGooms and drssngrooms studyctwoaleantdsrocawing rooms,3spatrciousedinin room openin uinteofa voerandah,io brakfas paronvenientranc bapl, stabir-g caose,bo and trcloa,ale.-ouse, anclsd coald clars, kitcuheing laundery housekeeper'srroom and stoe room, ptantry sen-aange' bedn rloom,t and wso-nute, alwl upidwith watre,wndn k,ate r;adentache scobriachhose three-tallonstal, and itoeloft, cow-hrous e,nd osurlo iryhopass, Wood, shide-house we ismaproced,b an carriaed drivethrougfinelygO atimere ghtrouns;i sewtands huposeauiu Thepingtawn, which is e boldande tiby luxreeDtiantshrubberies and the portensivloe and kitcheougon gsardens A conervatmory and grenhouseare att ached. tor frehome andt Tery laDg ruemsawereo expenddbytelateNeprop1ariet orfn xtning patr and im rovn thel gronds addjtoinin tthe endtrane log,withse vhaluable frontageto ln,adtheren endbtireTproperty comspriserys Iabout. ip. Te esatriohld on aleas forlivs, ad issubect o anans al rserverentrom 1 IS. Paticulrs ad conitios of sale, with a plan of the po ~rtj ,ma beadlOdna- prortoh sle,atdGatrwys ofe ualiMessrs ug alu Kabley, k Mathern bandruges,o swo Gnlctosm1n. klm buRyan atDGMr. weicild' oSiEs, by orAte-sCIONe, city wher CaialFeehl Reis,dence,owith aofle-uft50acres ofhsuperioraMeadow Tuesay,June17,and, atw Haeolloigday,aMiddlesex. 19a0r LECIO ofvauale OOS, orpr%mth lbryie toftworgentleme2 for,ingon obrtod n lots,areyriun i andt imothrtant fREEHOBydlD EShals~pleasantlynsituates o a eleva:91rted, gravlly site,ommnding Vfi~ewsoe. vwsin the pie ishoe7 oarish of9 Haretclhinds csouny Thirethr, os. deotsirtablfpop-iert ;opie ocofml Andboner,3vaory .1T3d' prncplmand sectonearybe rooms,. wate ar-c ses thcentuSualCisih ofl domsti Cofices Eandcovninesof artWrmplansting, loosvebox and coach-house,encvlosed Fyard and) oubidngs ktcheAnta soth,e withe prtewaes,o widigalks Moandie ornamental sulwberies ajond thatrie Cnear Athe hoause.oThed estatCoe,hchtion ofreeOld andystithe pe n um f oortheland-tax tand es.tSi,fora fryeehold quitrent to the manoer oftIareolel. Nerl 14it' acres of fine pasture landtar hevld in ar-tontote aboview,an the purchser shall' takethemn aTor thIrndiapaoidyth ren lder hspopers A sabent 20;mtiles, fro Lons.- dlonfofrom Ux0. rdls. , Rugtsithreoral Rickmpansw8 olsth,andseveno itheraly sretatena Vi vtord; andt' Whveleyit Nossse reat, atractions asaoenticlema'sresidncl ie, it eqully e ligoibe andsvalabl ofo build-, ing puroses. cs Pariculars andrconditions of1 sealue, ivtapa voflth I aluables Beakass, th Lirardiesuofortwo GenarvTlemen. & 1/R. HODGSON will SELL by AUCTION, nt his M ew Rooms, tecorner of Fleet-street and Chancery-lane, on Fi Teday, Jane 172n0w oloigdy, at half-past 12, ah . IRAISo w Cmin-n bLrseCTOrf aubl OK, comprisigafnseofuningthe' libarites ofrtom Mgentla Iewrs ton theI t aude Linshulite' oria, 6esL, 1000; Hukebing's HStoryte Abbe, 3 oin. To's Jhnso's Dctinary, a vood e:lockrtion GontoientSpanishoBalas;Choice ExampltueadEfcs of ArtMnanshipn, on vellum; otes and Qures C ol. ;rnne h Wo,onuted Awittinathistreof mb the Prlc Ext eculetonrcf hie &ae Mr.16; Trower' t JohnELb Chabling AUTOr,a h ManTasioand,163 Cmollcin aSoftOlndPas, nanGdtothern cur tiousooks, to Iand odgtav nfrd Dryede n' W odrkes;, bye SirWter Soft 10me anols,wngda Swit' W o 2loksySrk Waler cosl,th, whovet. Re th~e Review,nt 16 vols;E Dbin'sm Nordtheon,Tour, copikings' Fthogan2 fu-vole.;,aFrd'enevb, an -othe; Lodgte'ds sperortris vottre;se.eaniet' Pitoia takdapearin, Spa-olamaridge gaywatrdTreaties, Scvein.; Sott'awes,Wvreyn taovels, arnd mande PoptwcahsWorks. aich Life, and vole.; wisn'swHistobe ofurEtuope, 20 ota,e copies; adotergacsi' Ceruostles atd otbercatrpet,6 vole.; maborks,ny difod 6troles, sieobert, Hall' Works, o 0 vols.i; Ellatta Poet, hadarncly ound ~atoa eail ollctondoiAtiographsI,e lettrs,de. ofChalesIL,WiliamV,othrRoalperoinagens, Gar- rik,Gete Wbr,Kmbe A. ada e OintlMS.Tob lyinkfeld, Berks.-Elegant old and miodem M1arquetevie, Mahogany and Rosewood Furniture, by dmrs-rate Parisian and London mannfacturess, Boudoir Graud Piano by Collard, Ornamental and Table China and Glass. Clocks, Lam,ps, Telescopes, Quadrant, Phaeton, Chaise. Cart, and Effects of the late Capt. Forrest, ESSRS. CLEA'VE and -UNDEREHAY (successors iTito the late Mir. Robert Tebbott) have received instructions froma the Executors to SELL by AUCTION, on the Pr~emises, St. Ronan's, WinkfSeld-row, WIVnk-field, Berks, near WYindsor and Ascot, on Tuesday andlWednesday June17 anid18,allthe co.-irandvaluable EFFECTS; comprising han&isne iron and mnahogany bedsteads, with rich hangings, superior bedding, beautifully maade m3ahogany wardrobes, chests of drawers, toilet tables, iniarble-tep washstands, cheval -and dressing glasses telescope dinisig tables. pedestal sideboavd, dinner waggons, sets of chairs, gilt eabriole chair's in satin damask., easy chairs, sFofas, statutary marble pier tables, old and modemnwalniut marqueterielboo, wRitig,and sidPlae Htables and elowcavers, Nroswood davenp-ort,car andourkeyol unrpue,wiio cxurteis, Vaenetskiangtands rolebiatds,Goodp elCtr,Onmnahina, trcey s ablsoe Chin salan Fglass, anduvarious effcts Mary beviwd other dayibforitesle andifn cngatalogus gtoda beiads ratth R. AcNIEL eRNdIa the acioneer'suctes, 2, Sheetsstreet,eWindsor.an 9,hUppe Rakter-s tret REget' park.TIN Roye Crestle Palacoe, ote aonday Tave16, auwod, folSurdeys.-latd H2 ousIeahold Funture, Fixtures Gandewellaufkintun'd PlatEdHOoDs China,ITR ;rokery. Glass,handsome mColssaly pge arednumeoup gal lrerycan othrain Paintirng andsfiead garidgs,rEigh-dayres, Pozeairan ofhe malobesse, P eaten hage, bdso,dbdig abl n te a stnsaditting of Mar. ThomahoMaster to apne SELLsby ofCTIOr,upo theUPemtis-eda wabovoe, anMnday,e Juno16 andlfollowing days at 12hfore1 eheh eiay, thewmod, and wdll-eesomnfacmtured HOmSEiOLs uueRNTUR set ofmprisaug anumoterou mbahoan pillaeDgdm, fou-os, anotheermtresses feather sdbeadsan beddinga, large biandthe wash-t stands gadtgs, arps, ,ongn mahoanys andujaelsed cthest carawers, -y dials, &c. ; fine collection of vwalable gallery and other paintings;plated good, consisting of tea and coffee urnis, spoons, prngs, &o..' quatit ofcutery moernglas i deantrs,wine glasses, Ac. ; tablj and ed inen lage uantty f coperandother lutchen utensils, and umerus iems,andsodawate macine The fixtures comprise Impoed GouDnd Renits of 037 Sn.. for 6D years. 1I/ESS-RS. AIM0NIO and EILOART will SELIL bLl AUCTION, at the MLart, on Friday, Junna. D. at 12 for 1. thie aovee, Eccured upon IS houses, in Gray's-inm-place. Hindon-street~, Fiilco. of the rack- value of 2.68 Der aminum;and( eabject to no deduo-- tics.s 3Particularsof J. Beattie, Fsq., 26. Hains-plaoe, Chelsea, and of the auctioneers, 2i, Chancery-lane. Freehod Houe and hop, ortuga-3s-treet, Licln's-inn. IMESlIS.HA3IONI and EILd.ARTwi SELL atteMart. on June 20, at 12, No. 10. Linaob?-lan, having a commanding sholp anc. dwelin ovr, n godrepair, of the value of 45 per aununum now Om band Cano viwedat anyv time. Particulars of W. Lane, Ibq, Bed.- fordniac. Iussel-sqam;and of the auctioneers 8 Cacr-ne, Iniroed ens ad mal Lsshol.at heseaud& WandaworULl ~ ESES.HA3IONDand :EILCOAJT will SELL lii. y AUCION,at the Mart, on Friday, Juine 20, ati2 for 1, a Fot comd-st reet, Cetsa.Two Cousaes,rc. 77 nd7,Lo er, Georgo stee, alsa,orh4 pr num adheld atnolease for 51 years housesin ig's-rad. Chelseart Ton Fruses, Jaude 9, alyte1efraoI,7 Wandsiortb-oad, hld fo 50 yarsa aon renti. P'articulars ot lilser, rinerandErs, ,Mohnat-street, efr-o; and of ihauc-inm 8 hlonlease L foro54 ears MESSS. HMMOD an EIOART Will SELL IYi.b AUCTON, a theMert,on Frday.June 20, at 12 for 1. in twolot, Rn. ,2,.4,ARBUltCOT aGES los tho Sut. Tomaa Chuch,Arb LINsqsr Commeructalrod eato SLet to cApiTalOtN,na 28tperanu each (otin exept room3, hcslety yatd 301, andimheld ato oenly  May bea veroedet. andtionso Meelen Greayr Pandrticulas ofi t. I. Fagneham.es,ad at, Moorgatest,et; and ofth auctioneers.28 Chncery-jlane. Pdmtngen rehodreekoly Rents, ond thkeest or hMtop-orwotan Surroemynt nearLI s incoln's-inn.S ILbat CarmwO'.a the Monar,o idyJue2,t1fr.er fulorTHFREEHOLD HOSSi oe eIspae n [one ins trc-ouart,ajiig e ogo ekytnns trns bs, Sd. freebo lde n S e ee,.pcle datclr ito hdof E. Jennings, Esq., soiew-r Bowllcot;adoftoantoESQ oS.ichan,se. Dry-net.lc ot 11/FR TAPLN is nstruted t SELLby LLUTION LEASEHL]) HUSES, mown s 21 ndt1 D5 artnoo-street, as watr, achconainng eve roms,aculer,mard,nes., simated qatot prodce retalof 61pernnu: hld or ong3 stermps t.o ground tars,105,Edgewre-r ap; tGarlwl'untue and Cofthe autioneeri, qtaEy-pae Gaddieon-impements rehuePais x,b Frdetehrold tousesh and Beakrsg thep.nebourwood,Sre. SEARHLDLEUSwMaSELL, by AUCLlyTIO CTonIOed at estw-hll,Norood ner te Cpetl alae Rinwa Staton,r oef buit feehld ous, wth PI t. ronage tht my e nerteda into Egamso EachThouse, ha'bu Ot flNd inThER rea,ONclosed instrfncein Maym beviwd ypemsso ot the teants CondiTion of j. WhitinG, atn,slctr I,Nwhn tad:T 'eed e oliciVrE1.Tore-FIlEAcnrth,o C valuxrable ntrGahwald and of the auctioneer. Staulsi-ploce, Paddidgeon-green To Pintes, Pblians.Medial abelu-.ad otel-rs,gd 0 DEWandKEYELL anl SE UL b ON, byllorder BOfTThEWS Aignrst 3h. Camt,onumile-sre, onneTh7. aty12June10, thzeC7 ozTenT of fieodcaJ stBd PoFICEshtype, b letter, Wopper-lo, and Cothe Qareses, Hrrtinmaies, aulanean,geo quantty ofpxhycars inn medical labls dzenc plates bottled sotamps,n Sc. Can-. logues tobe hadofg C Lee, doen. icial, a"ssge, Cardey'Gonanlezy ati thboe'ros; and ofTPau ctioneers, 12al, gold.peand brwitShouT,opposit HWoilodeedzen. Hera-tao o eaigtale o Furnitur, tw com-s.cSine rie htump of Haync, Gard cImplhouemandts, blrenhousarenPantsp, A-s,b ourdegrofndthe prpretr, whoris o leaving theneihbuhod 1/R. GEAR.Ewl SELLE by AUCcedtIoofe for SAEILLb ndAyJUneI18, at 1,the eacellent Fuesday.Tune17 ant 1 modern thP EDASES of a falsmily resience situae iDnthe centr goodro mn anglpdaiy utensils and Outdoor xeffses, May obeovewe ensg daoc pro ofth sale. and cStaoces. head ntheradSo prnlsesrcfessr. S AleIndCTO' . 8 atishBopmig 43Adeste-stree;ado h utoeer, Camb~er- dat. Juhnes-26,d Atc12 andWEfTYfVes Aceso Caot eFreold ande CIONyhondh Buildingeau, in aive lone Tusitate ounte road-sId bre-. ctwee,taupee-ridgoan HU EEhIOL adD shoITrt dincludncgbomsth Staino stablingpos, and other otbuidins,stuats edatThoge Surdroey. Further Req, slictor Isewotl Midlsueri ndof thein aGotioneers, Clieztseyook,s Surrey, an Firt-cos Stckof Vies Juna17 Catssesfo 1.d va.d 28 Loeninen old rutedAPrtces, shipped by Son's hiePpeings,41 dozend Vilas, ldl'e ar teErey'rs, Gonzalez yand. Duompr'si, dawndga andm chaista paloeb, godwod,anlbown Sherries,u5 dozenaBionaltabFles vatndoCt fine sparkli,ngrCampagse and 4ordozents asuerior growtsh CmabIiog who i yinig undciars Mc KtSpnight control, gan,pdesoaldtcoe sidebanda Asetof2 cAses Jutales witbl andrCulas fine GderduiEsexSal wihi TIueight muriues.fLno.AcmatLae hold S. Resdne IthGoSh-o anwi aln are INd.pla-t su M r. e.oun, ndsevnares ofreado R Land.ez da. y Aet uCTION, at the Martcsl, an TuesayJne1.a12occ, ithbeLEE fof a irtruly d esireble;FML c Eo DNC,ingod e phairs, and reladyfrimmediate, occuplatin, plm snlysiuteinGoro snl ane odfothdr wthbe~inwalveynhot dsance rofheRalaySttid conaininhmhg any eentacoe-hall, g noblerwn and diigrom,bek fastpanArloa.10exelen bedta, cihhaumbners storanwteclst botcen,daiy,copeevt launryandthresan requsieldoesticn edisn; a tgo wallted-in gren~qit, and seenaacrezseofmeadotaland.s Moaybviwd andsparticuflarm,seotaie of chno.billing, Rseq., Rfg-tedet, Chrespie andie atuMr.dobey efneds Mondayordx. a om fpu~e atnh BGosnk : e.Land of Bhustioneess Prmiesi Hig-sretora, large tac of Bootli ts, andbr Soes.Uin Soatcr ianddhe othersc erye. l 11R.. XDANJLN JOHvONwl SELL by public ACIN IYAAUCION athisRoos. 43.altodemoncate-dieet nWen atl.Jn 8 at 12,r tBSHe LEASE fhePRGIES . h No.e 32.tl beroI sree, Holbeat, lnHate-lyante, occupartio pofducirg Joh Hperic shoe piu1red,aehel lowtarent ofbb40per, annet als 8,011-3 pair tnmen th, women's and childen'sTvr hourts Pandis ohoe s,alemale stock of leathe hotago in. tohe, Waeqsid, salrteord. a2, hApnuidtyen of thOer auctioneer. 141. Alderargaste-ld staeeta St. Jh's-wood,deladr oannrh,Mdr Household Furniture; w infre,Iegwo andEecU EfMects; 6t ottagerPianoforte ind Brkingacse ESS S E . TH02INS and Co. wLIll SELL ,atUiXlvall TION, o Thencemstesuasrboe. on TMurdayevng, June 19, at pro cIse superior, HOUSEisOLD FURrITUREom includingubrass, wihoil garny sfoutr-pet, iandothrbdtas, beddingnd wardt-roes,ca chestsao adreawes, cands Ten usualte chamero apndwages;-superior san(ocaingrons tandesdrawingdt zomarfumiter.chimney roasew, ookcases,folae, manbl topseandoods, and thek, Busual thes requistbesr 300 ets, ofg book -il chimney-garre-gun by0 Betie; elegnt egine fandr rtoller; ca Creydou dule-boderad paronybphaeonebiand ltd hayairnss. Mabp veeds thdebrd day pior nd romingof ae. Ctalogesgonthe remies, and atithe Hanover-place, Park-roasan St ol'-o. aido-E nellt isehrold Furdnitueld. Picclo eaofrt Capt,GAss,LFOeD TasbleLien, PatouedArils hn,I ILtheons frm thesOfr A VllagneLao r.h RyroeArms, a inkrhity-toaSEL, on husda, uno11 at12pecisly.th exelen FURNItURE:an comprsing rawin roomchair and ouch,rosewod, h. car, and occsinaltales wat-ot wok abl, ngrvigs ndOramets manster, Bruseels, and Axminster carpets had rugs, fendiers and fireirons, Brussels stair earpcting, and oilelothis; an elegant drawing room suite in waLlnut, comprisIng centre, card, and occasional tables, 12 chairs, and an elegant cabriole-frame couch covered in crimson Ut7eciht velvet, very handsome cut and polished glass chandellors and lustre, console table (marble top), fine plaie pier and chimney glasaes iis rich c-rnamental frames, choice engravincs framed and gaed- In the dining rooms, anmahogany set of extedingdining&and lo .Uls,en closed sideboard. 12 chairs, couch, and easy chair covered in morocco, mahogany glazed bookcase and dinner waggon, gilt corniceii, crimsonm damask curtains, two large Plato chimneyglseingtrms,6-- iave pianoforte. music stool, canterbar, whlat-nostiinn rosaerw&ood. a few lotcrs of boos,cehins,gast a his marbl-to wtabe hal rctlymp,eron- moremlsad,anu ormeet h ori ary k tce furniure, inm good codithon,clnayatilskgemte n flztres Wmetwo ton ofront MaytbevteedonteStdapecm and mornin of sals Georg catalouein bhd;o Msrs 7ale and fr prem eien,sliyto A, Southampo-sre,stoeh ;andeo the aucti oner Mare- 54 cres of excellent arab ad iasur and wgi. tharentlyerofculed. tion.ith waeritn-B Mes. GD EO nd SOn,a the ri eorrmige th L~ tapat osderblEsaeth prp tyof tht detoi with timber, a portion of which, iacpe onan 01 of considerable growth. The farm building,wihaem t complete, and. at a abort distance from th reinc, ea the public road, comprise a goodl ham vvith a newfor,acnbOuse,- cowpens pge-,ad other buildings, and onat able farm-hous'e, Tw&o'DndfIGi the yard ailways contain plenty of Water, anexcellent spriaglheIng but a short remove leomiheagiot. The dwelling-house most eubetantiallv bnuit about 20 years ago, is particularly eligibly placed in about l5acrfs of rich meadow land, oGas gentleecleration.atnd in one of the beat ituationssr,the neigL'oourh.xxl. separated by a shrubbery Iromthe biW oaeangroW cbt' to Suthmpto. cmmads a om lsetionof beautiful scenery of a a eztenOedcsracter;and comprses two ittn om.adsxh roms godkichn,acllry lrdr,an clar;dtceiaew
